Roll of Seriously Injured Is
Now Eighty-Five Men
*^^ XX.T m^^ V^ ¥ k^e
Detectives Seeking to rix
Responsibility for the
Dread Accident.
New/Horror Is Added to the
Catastrophe Which Has
Stunned the City,
0 V
VICTIMS NUMBER 18 DEAD IN THE DISASTER
VOIiUME ixXXIX-NO. 1.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, 1900.
building on some planks . that" were, laid
there. \ j- -'¦ . ..- '. _ ". ; "* - %
"Leo did not comeup, but Munroe did.
I- fell through qn__to.aj)lle_of. -.rubbish* and
only had a sprained left arm.- The man
who got the " money 'was . a workingman.
He had on a dark "shirt and his face was
all -covered with r soot. .Nobody tried _to
stop us going into, the. building. "
Young Palmer" did not. know the exact
address of m Munr6e, but. said that : they
went to school together. The three. boys,
hesaid, saw.thea money paid and the mo
tions made. by ;the'. man. • '¦'¦ • ' '¦¦
All of the hospitals of the; city which
were called "into service have now practi
cally completed , their emergency work.
Those victims- of ..the, disaster, who were
In -a condition; to-be removed .were taken
to the homes of their -friends and those
that , cannot •. be . removed will remain for
some days to come. ....
The highest praise is being given to the
splendid work performed • by ' the physi
cians, nurses and students of the various
hospitals. . In every Instance -the work
done was the - best ' that could *, have been
asked. Physicians went unsolicited to
the various hospitals and gave^ their serv-
Every' effort was made yesterday to se-'
cure interviews with any one represent
ing the company, but without result. For
some reason not 1 explained .no, representa
tive of the concern .could .be '.found.'-> All.
persons possessing any authority in the:
company will, however, be summoned. to
tell what they know at the Coroner's in
quest. ."'.¦
Harold Palmer, a 13-year-qld ' lad who
was among the slightly injured in the ac
cident on " : Thanksgiving day. told a
straightforward and circumstantial story
last night regarding' the payment of
money to the employes of the San Fran
cisco and Pacific GIp ss Works prior to the
accident/ ; The statement :was made. to a
Call reporter in the presence of. his father,
mother and. elder brother. The latter, stat
ed that It was substantially the same' as
made to them immediately upon his re
turn home. 7^ ..'."
Harold, his . younger .brother, Leo, 11
years, and a boy named Munroe,- who lives
on Guerrero \street, near Thirteenth,
formed a party of three to go to the game.
They went out to Folsom and Fifteenth
streets and walked '.toward* 'Harrison,
where they found a gate through which
¦ It is 'positively denied by both Sergeant
Perrinand Desk Officer White, both of
whom' were ibri duty at the Seventeenth
street station all the;afternon, that Davis
or any. other'person htd ever. applied for
police aid in clearing grounds or building
after. being, rendered unconscious by a fall
of forty feet. •
Fragments of burned clothing, clots of
human blood and twisted inch-bars of iron
railing; showed too plainly,, where . the
weight of the unfortunates fell after the
flimsy, wooden cr.ices which supported the
open-sided ventilator gave way, permit
ting the corrugated iron roof- to give way
with Its lead of human beings.
;The police insist that tl^ey were not
asked' to clear' the roof.' The' only- time
in. which the police were about to take ac
tion in;the matter was *wtien acting'Ser
geant E. B. Riehlr who was in charge of,
a'detail of.-men en Folsom street, saw the
crowd on the' roof.' He was in. the act of
proceeding ; into ..the* lot just as the acci
dent, occurred." Up to this time both Rlehl
and the men .undsr ' him ' had , their hands
too full to take in observations out«k> of
Ihdr Immediate range. -" :
DANTE MONACO. ;
VICTIMS ADDED YESTERDAY TO DEAD
CORNELIU8 MeM AHON.
JOHN BROUGH.
A warrant was secured yesterday from
Judge Cabanlss for the : arrest "of
Jacob^Blrnbaum on the charge, of misde
meanor embezzlement. He was secretary
of the Bakers' National Mutual Protective
Association, and it is allege- he is short
In his accounts to the extent of $47 50.
A Difaulting Secretary.
native of. California, residence 3530 Twen
ty-third street. He died at. the City and
County Hospital at 10:05 a. m.
The fifth victim to. die during the day
was Cornelius McMahon. .who expired at
the City and^ County- Hospital at 5:M
o'clock. He was 12 years old. and his pa
rents live at 2C11 Post street.
FRED F. LILLY. WHO WILL
PROBABLY SUCCUMB TO HI3
INJURIES.
the death roll, making then the total num
ber, of casualties eighteen. They were as
follows: -'Robert J. Harrison, aged 15, a
native of Kansas, residence 247 Second
street. He . died in the City and County
Hospital at 2:55 a. m. About a month ago
¦Harrison, whose father is said to be a
•prominent lawyer In Kansas City. Mo.,
ran away • from that ' place with ; another
boy of about the same age. and, made his
way tothis city. ,\ The two runaways were
'arrested :by, the..police ; while . wandering
about the, water front^and were confined
in the! City '.Prison 'for a* night, but'were
released '¦ in - the ', morning, .it being consid-"
ered by\the authorities that they were old
enough ' to ; take care of themselves. Har
rison's 'chum went to the Morgue yester-
BOLL OF DEAD.
Passing of Victims Is Reported to
the Morgue.
• Up. to 6 p. m. five names'. were added to
upon which he subsequently lost his life.
He drew across section, showing the sup
ports of the roof J»nd of the ventilators.
He made designs " from sketches of the
timbers and the strength of their material
and supports, and from the very place
which he- had sketched he toppled ti
death.
This incident, so^ pathetic In its char
acter, has thrown the school In which
the young man studied into sadness, and
many of the boy's schoolmates will pay
their last .respects over his body this
morning. 7 The body Is at the undertaking
establishment of Peterson at 223 McAl
lister street, where the rooms will be open
from 9 o'clock in the morning until 1:30
o'clock in the afternoon. The boy's body
will be- taken to Dixon this afternoon on
the 4 o'clock train and to-morrow morn-
Ing at 11 o'clock the funeral will, take
place from the Dixon Baptist Church. In
sympathy .. and .consideration for the
stricken [ parents , of the lad the various
Protestant . churches of Dixon will sus
pend their individual ' services at that
hourjin order that' the various congrega
'tIons' may attend the. funeral.
Most of the victims of the tragedy will
be burled to-day'and to-morrow and while
there 'will be nothing in the nature of a
public funeral the days will be of gloom
In San Francisco. • Never, pernaps,,in tho
history of the city has an Incident • so
shocked the people. ,
ADDITIONAL DEAD.
Itlpiinn, Thnmi», aice 24. mnobtnlat. S7.~ Hnlcrht atreet.
Van Dyk Mckke, known aa Murk Van Dnra, nee -Vi, miner, re
cently from N'omr. Jonen atreet, l»et« pen OTarrell and Geary.
Valencia, William, nee 19. ropperamltb.. 1OS Capp street.
FIRST DAY'S DEAD.
Darnrrcll. Talleyrand, nchoolhoy. age IS. 212 I'tnh street.
Efkfeldt, H.. acre 12. 1O3O Hovrnrd atreet.
Plnhnvan, Edsar, rrp 13. aelioolboy. 1M»7 Homtrd afreet.
Glrard. I, eon. ace IT. achoalttoy. 41M Mlanlon Rtreet.
Mon'oban, Charipx, a«r 32. Vermont fltreet.
Mc^elll. Hector. n«r 1.', 7f!5 Poat ntreet.
Millar. Robert, acr 15. errand boy. 23 Glen Park avenue.
Mnlroney. J. A., «k<> a*, miner. Wisconsin Hotel.
\ewby, Vlrtrll. ape 15. 407 Capp utreet.
Rothenateln, Monri, njte 15. O23 Folnom atreet.
; "We crossed over C to the framework
back of this building," said young Pal
mer, last' night, "and saw a man standing
at the foot of the ladder. One of the" boys
asked him how much v it would cost to get
oh the" roof - and he"; said; 'Two , steams/.
He was handed the 10. cents, put his hands
to his " lips ' and motioned ¦ to ;One of ;' his
companions as If ; he: was;- drinking/ the
beer. I did not have 10 cents, so I 'climbed
up' the rafters and crossed over ; to" the
a number of. people were passing. They
walked through this to the rear of the
building and then went 1 up the a Incline
leading to the' room where .the furnaces
were located. ¦ !
aetloos purpose to locate the responsibil
ity. The police and the Coroner were
busy yecterday In the preliminary Inves
tigations looking* toward this end. The
Ccrocer summoned a Jury and west with
Its members to the pl&ce of the accident.
The lB«oest3 will be held next Tuesday
morning, and no fact which may shed'
the slightest light upon the terrible af
£sir will be Deflected.
The persistent rumor that men officially
censected with the San Francisco and
Pa/dfio Glass Works received money to
permit the men 'and boys to enter the
pbuoe caanot be silenced. To all who have
Investigated the matter It seems Incred
ible that so many people could have en
tered-a private Inclosure, have swarmed
<rrw tbe, grounds and up. the buildings to
their" port of death on the roof without
permission of the comp-iny which' owns
the building.
The unfortunate beings who entered the
place took a great* deal of time in doing
*o. They could not get into the inclosure
OTer fences which are guarded by barb
wire, rush through the grounds and climb
to the roof In a few minutes. There is
¦rave reason to believe, therefore, thtt
torn* one permitted these men and boys
THOMAS PEDLER. A GLASS
WORKS VICTIM, WHOSE
EPINE IS FRACTURED.
S, AN FRANCISCO passed
yesterday a day and a
nl/g-bt of sorrow. The hor
' 'ror'of tfce»5readful acd
i dent on Thanksgiving day
f wu upon, the people, and
everywhere there was the
sign of sadness and gloom.
Hour by hour the terrible
roll of death was Increas
ing. New homes were being stricken by
the reaper of lives, and new families were
feelisr its etern personal anguish— the
force cf the calamity which had come
with such . horrifying suddenness. The
hospitals were crowded by anxious men
tnd women. The streets In the neighbor
hood of the Morgue were black with
preat masses of humanity, and in many
private homes hundreds of sympathetic
people went to give their sympathy to
the. f&xnUles which were in sorrow. The
dead now number eighteen, five men and
boys hating died during the day.
The roll of the injured has been ln
cre&sefl to eighty-flve. Many of these
have been injured for life; some will lose
their limbs a&d a few will p-obably die.
The catastrophe was one which has in
spired the authorities of the city with a
This statement is corroborated by Pom
eroy and Duval, both of whom have been
seen by the police. Strong as this state
ment, is, it la not, however, conclusive
evidence that anybody in' authority ; i?ef
mltted the unfortunate victims '. of the
tragedy to. enter. the grounds. . That. the
gate on Harrison street- was open there
seems to be no question, but that, hun
dredsof people clambered over the fences
is equally certain. The police ; complain
that ' in their Investigation to place'? "rey
Bponsibility for the dread affair they; have
not been assisted by the management of
the San Francisco and Pacific ' Glass
In the police investigation several other
significant facts have been discovered.
W. J. McGrevy, of 703^ Valencia street,
declares that In company with William
Pomeroy and J. L. Duval he stood . near
the Harrison-street gate of the Inclosure
and watched the progress of a most pecu
liar Incident. He insists that before the
football game began this Harrison-street
gate was opened Just far enough to per
mit one man at a time to go through.' A
long line of men standing in single file
led from this opening, McGrevy says, and
one by one the men passed through, each
putting his hand in his pocket as if -to
pay some money to a' person who stood
within the gate and whom McGrevy could
not see.
It is significant that the owners of the
San Francisco and Pacific Glass Works
had made an agreement with the man
agers of the football team not to permit
any one to enter the grounds. In consid
eration for not doing this members of the
company were given six complimentary
tickets. Only two persons have thus far
been found who declare that they paid
any money, for admission into the inclos
ure. One of these is a boy, Clarence Ehat,
residing at 709 Post street, who declares
that he paid half a dollar to be allowed
to pass through the gate and onto the
roof from which he fell. The other is
Howard Palmer, who lives at 299 Hyde
street, and declares that after climbing
over the fence of the inclosure be paid
ten cents for permission to go upon tht
roof.
to enter. Believing this. Captain Seymour
detailed four men yesterday to make a
thorough Investigation of the affair. De
leeiire* Wren, Dlnan.:Graha~m*'and"KlFz^
gerald visited the various hospitals and
interrogated everybody who might throw
any light on the subject.
The officers went to the County Hospital
and questioned sixteen of the victims of
the catastrophe who. were there. The
majority of these crippled, suffering men
and boys declared that they had" entered
through the Harrison-street gate of the
inclosure of the San Francisco and Pa
ciflc Glass Works and that no one maJe
the Blightest objection to their entrance.
Two boys declared that they, in company
with twenty others, attempted to climb
over, the Fifteenth-street fence but were
driven away by policemen. One of the
most important statements obtained by
the detectives was from Watchman Open
&haw who was on guard within the in
closure.
He declared that he admitted two
women and several men on passes issued
by . Superintendent Davis of the' glass
1 works. Openshaw also said that there
were only two watchmen -besides himself
employed at the Harrison-street gate and
only one at the Fifteenth-street gate.
William Meyers, a saloon man at Six
teenth and Folsom streets, declared that
he had heard people say that men and
boys had been admitted to the grounds
for twenty-five cents and fifty cents
apiece. This statement, however, has not
been verified.
Tlie horror of the accident at the San Francisco and Pacific
Glass Works has left a profound impression upon the people of the
city. The dread roll of the dead has been increased to eighteen, five
mots victims having succumbed yesterday to their wounds. Six
nore men are so desperately injured that it is feared they may
at any n>OTneT»t die. The number of injured is now eighty-five,
most of whom, will be maimed and scarred for life.
Th« police authorities ate making every possible endeavor to
fix responsibility for the catastrophe. Three men have been discov
ered *¦"<< swear that men. and boys entered the enclosure in single
file through one of the gates and acted as if they were paying for
admission. Two boys declare that they did pay, one for admission
to the enclosure and the other for permission to ascend to the roof.
At the inquest n*xt Tuesday every effort will be made to fix the
blara* where it belongs.
Orierof; the '.saddest incidents of ! the
tragedy,* has; been j associated .with "the
name ; of Virgil ; l! rNewb'y, one of the' 2ada
who? was* killed -,in' : the jterrible fall : from
the roof.'; Young Newbywaa a student at
thecLick School of Mtcnanical' Arts anil
.was, considered t to be one, of ! the brightest
students of .jthe, institution".*- A' few; weeks
ago 'while. the. bundings^of 'the' San Fran
cisco :^and ; • Pacific -Glass Works . were , In
process of 'construction ,' you'n g Newby,
was : Instructed -by'-' his ¦' schoolmaster ; to
visit I the <:" grounds," - inspect'- the . buildings
and;.' report Mipon " the ' character , of » their
coristfuction. ¦¦» The"iad':dldJ"3o', taking '\ a"
photograph* of: the .incompleted building
ices fcr nothing/ Cabmen putjtheir cabs
at the service'of any. one who, needed them
>nd many private i. vehicles J were ; contrib
uted. affair, of. such terrifying,sad
ness ; these"; facts have ¦merltedl'the highest
praise. '.. .. ¦ .
-Acting t under > Instructions i< from •- Lieu
tenant I of 'Police , 5 M.'. O.. Anderson; * there
were 'two -police' officers ¦stationed; atVttie.
glass ; works'all > of •'yesterday/ untll.'the
Coroner's jury., arriytdj at t 4, o'clock '^arid
.'¦viewed -, the "jJcenie. £ Nothing was", permitted
. to . be " disturbed ,-• not even • the n blood • stains
on the r flcor t or ; on "..the guard ;bars which
surrounds jth« retort i where s the ; unfortu- 1
nates"-' fell/ only, to .be.' roasted : to' death .
THOUSANDS OF MEN AND/.TOMEN, MOURNING' RELATIVES, .SADDENED, GRIEF-STRICKEN PARENTS AND
MORBIDLY 'CURIOUS PEOPLE THRONGED ABOUT : THE ": MORGUE ! YESTERDAY WHILE '. THE DREAD
SCENES WHICH FOLLOWED THE THANKSGIVING DAY . DISASTER ; WERE ENACTED. ...
The San Francisco Call.
VICTIMS OF TRAGEDY.
Ilrniish, John, nee lft. law clerk. l£3ft Mission ntreet.
Hnrrlinn, Robert, ant in. loilcfnc honse, 247 Srconrt ntrrrt.
3Hel. Lnwrrner. aj?e J>. nchnnlhnj-, 3,"SO Twn tv-tft lr«l afreet.
Mnnncn, Dnnlr, ncc lfl, «clioi>lhny, :!O1 Pnlnrm ntrert.
.McMahon, CnrncMnp, use 12. ««otaoolboy, 2011 Port street.
PROBABLY FATALLY INJURED.
Lilly, Fred F., age 21. 409 Mason street-
Fractured skull and Internal Injuries.
Pedler. Thomas C, age 23. 543H St»ren
son street — FT*etur» of spine.
Woods, Hamilton, age 11. schr>orb<?7. 1S1
Thirteenth street— Possible fracture o!
fkuii. :-'-::•¦;•...:•¦ • v ¦¦""
Crandall. Ellery. age 15. 1W4 Market
street— Compound fracture of leg; fracture
of arm."
Cu'mmlnjrs, Charles * Henry, age 15. 1912
Page- street— Internal -injuries: lung punc
tured; badly. burned.
• Dugsan, Edward, age 15. 514 Hermann
street— Fracture of skull.
SERIOUSLY' INJURED.
.: Carolan. Willie, age >. 1418 Mission street
— ConcuMlon" of the .train;, contusion of tbe
scalp; , severe bruUei .on .head, face "and
.hands.- < -~~' *~:'-, • i "- ' jt' j. '.„,-. ..\. ..„
* »L^»,^3<«rk;- «jte-».-'ftlI ; Fifteenth «i reet -
Lacerations ' of scalp ;<fcrulsed on bfn-1 airt
hands'. ' . .
Smith. Thomas, age 17. 173 Albion ave-.
nue— Compound fracture of leg: slight
bruises. '-\*\ "---
Pagnall, Percy, age 16. 707 Mason street—
Both legs broken.
Clipper, Henry, age 19. 2014 Bryant street
—Arm broken.
Cheesman, Amos— Fractured arm and
bruises.
Callfthan. Harry, age 17, 15 Scott street-
Arm broken. * . »¦
Pollard, Leo, age 17, 215 Chattanooga
street— Contused bead and left hand.
Fulton. Charles, age 24, 3 Hermann street
—Contused wound _ of head: compound
fracture of thigh: arm broken. .
- Treadwell. I?niah (colored), age IS. .833
Geary . street— Thigh fractured and system
shocked.
Swain. William, age 19, Potrero— Arms
broken; face burned.
Peterson. Andrew, age, 13, 230 Shipley
street— Ribs broken.
Reed. Alfred, age 17. 1531 Howard street-
Arms broken.
Parker. Henry, age . 13. ' ¦ 1331 Fifteenth
street— Right arm fractured and scalp
wounds.
Jackman. - Claude (colored). 757H Howard
atreet — Wrist .broken; leg bruised.
Holman. Eddie. a*e 12, 847 Valencia
street— Contusions of spine and head.
Nordlund. GusUw, ase n, sailor. 13
Howard ttreet— Arm dislocated : . body
bruised. .'.* . .-. .
Walter. "a»« 15. IU L»xtri*t<m
aTerroe— FTBCtum of both Ie«s. ~" ¦
Baker. Theodore, a.g* V>. 3*23 Twentieth
street— Broken ; e<ilfar tone. ' shoulder blade
and rfght arm. ' p
Tlce. E. P.. Alabama and Sixteenth
streets— Left thigh bro^n; concussion of
spine. ,
McCauley. L. A., 511 LeaTenworth streM—
Fractured arm.
Morsnead. George, si* Jones street— Arm
broken..
Forest. Hugo, a*e 21, 789 Hayes strezt—
Left arm fractured.
Griffin. Walter, are 12. J24 Folsom street
—Leg broken.
Carroll. Peter, age 18. 437 Fourth street-
Fractured skull and ribs.
Bowes, J. E.. SP5 Leavenworti street-
Dislocated shoulder.
Peterson, Charles, 545 Folsom street-
Back wrenched; leg broken: nosa^rusSed.
Candage. Ed, 1UB Fourteentnstreet—
Ankle broken.
Burns. Clarence. 1418 ' Ellia street—Pos
sible fracture of skull.
Freechle. V.. 14T1 Ellis street— Portioa of
body and hards Burned.
Cohn, Jesse, 379 Capp street — Left arm
fractured; face burned and lacerated: pos
sible fracture of skull.
Garrehty, Frederick, 104 Devlsadero street
— Broken leg: contusions of face; possible
internal injuries.
Kinsman. Li. 282 Harriet street—Lacer
ated and contused forehead: hands burned.
day morning and wept over the body of
his dead friend. He refused to give, his
name. .
The next body brought in was that cf
John Brough. a native of Kansas, aged
19 years, who resided at 1S36 Mission street.
He died In the City Receiving Hospital at
7 a. m. Dante Monaco. 16 years old. a na
tive of Nevada, residence 301 Dolores
street, died at the City and County Hos
pital at 1:40 p. m.. The fourth body was
that of Lawrence Miel. nine years old, aSad Scenes in the
House of the
Dead.
Laguna streets. .
Tnomas H&nnan applied at the Harbor
Hospital yesterday to have a dislocated
ankle treated.- When asked, how he re
ceived his Injury he said it was the result
of the disaster at the glass works. Han
nan came here from the country last week
and registered at the Dewey House • on
Kast street. He wanted to see the great
Thanksgiving game of football and went
out to Recreation Park. Seeing the crov/d
making for the roof of the glass works,
he followed it. When the crash. came
Hannan fell across a stringer and hung
there, he says, for twenty minutes.
"During that twenty minutes," said he
to Dr. Frank Dray yesterday, "I suf
fered the torture of hell. 1 coul# see
the poor fellows wrtthlrg in agony on the
furnace and the smell of their flesh as It
roasted was most revolting. I saw them
piled in heaps on the floor as the rescuers
got to work, and wondered when my turn
would come. During an unconscious mo
ment 1 loosed my hold and dropped right
son a pile. of. dead: In a few. moments
r.felt all right and made a rush to get
away from the horrible scene. I never
. knew i Ir ;was "injured '.until -I got to* my
>roowi;--and then- 1' found my right foot .was
•uselessi I- guess I am going to be laid up
for a month at least."
The Southern Pacific Hospital has now
but one of the patients who were given
such ¦ excellent treatment there immedi
ately after the accident. The others have
teen either discharged, taken home or re
moved to other hospitals. The boy in
whom this especial interest is shown is
Charles Ciimmings, 15 years old. He is a
messenger in the office of T. H. Goodman,
general passenger and ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company. • _ _
The boy's father is Quincy O.~Cum
mings, one of the oldest employes in the
passenger department of the railroad. The
boy has a fractured skull and is suffer
ing from internal injuries. A broken rib
penetrated his left lung. He was also
badly burned on the side and legs. Mr.-*.
Cummings has scarcely moved from her
son's bedside, and the physicians at the
hospital are making every effort to save
his life, though with : little hope of suc
cess. : • •
¦ Willie Carolan, 9 years old." was taken
from „ the railroad hospital yesterday
afternoon by his mother, who lives at 44
Clara street. The little fellow is suffering
from concussion of the brain and bruises
about the head and shoulders.. He bears
the pain"courageously and it is not feared
that his injuries will prove fatal. :
Ellery Crandall, 14 years old, of 1104
Market street, was taken from the raU
road hospital yesterday afternoon to St.
Luke's Hospital. He has ; a broken leg
and a broken arm, but is cheerful. His
escape from being burned to death on top
of one of the furnaces was a narrow one.
morning to remove the fragments of bone,
but It is thought he will not survive. He
is 25 years old and lived at 6«Vi Steveilson
street. ¦ ¦ ¦
Charles Fulton's condition Is also seri
ous. Ke hss a compound fracture of the
thigh which will necessitate the amputa
tion of his leg. His left arm is also frac
tured. Fulton is 24 years old and lives at
3 Hermann street. i •- V-v
Of the twenty-one unfortunates taken
to t-he City and County Hospital, four
have died, as stated above, and four
have been removed or. discharged, leaving
thirteen still under treatment there.
Percy Bagnall, who had both legs broken,
was removed to Mb home, 707 .Maspn
street. Harry Callahan, both arms frac
tured, was taken home by his parents,
who live at 15 Scott street. Samuel Op
penhelmer, who was an inmate of the He-
Drew Orphan Asylum, was taken to Mt.
Zlon Hospital, where he will be cared- for
until he is able to return to the asylum.
He is suffering from internal injuries., but
it is not believed they will be.. fatal..- Jesse
Cohn of 379 Capp street was also removed
to Mt. Zion Hospital yesterday .mofuliig
from the. City Receiving Hospital. 'Hi«
injuries wilL noi result in.. d,eath".
But one patient remains at the City
Receiving Hospital. -He is Edward: Dug
gan, a boy whose parents live at 514 Her
mann street. His skull is fractured, and
his condition is so serious that It would
be fatal to move him. He has been un
conscious from the first. His two sisters
have been at his bedside constantly since
learning of his injury.
Frederick Garrehty of 104 Devisadero
street was taken from the Receiving Hos
pital to St. Mary's Hospital and L. Riss
man of 262 Harriet street; to the German
Hospital yesterday morning. Clarence
Burns was taken home by his mother,
who lives at 1418 Ellis street. Mark Tray
nor was discharged, his injuries not being
serious.
A case of Eerious Injury which did not
go on any of the hospital records was
that of HamiUon Woods, a boy 11 years
eld, living at™Sl Thirteenth street, who
had hi* skull fractured and has been un
conscious since the tragedy. His step
father. Max Walton, who was formerly
leader of the League of the Cross Cadets
band, reached the scene of the accident
soon after the roof gave way and found
the boy among the injured. He at once
had him taken Mfrne and Dr. C. A, Clin
ton was summoned to dress, his wounds.
There is grave doubt of the boy's recov
ery, though the. crisis may not be reached
for twenty-four hours yet.
Hugo Forrest,'21 years old, of 789 Hayes
street, had his left arm fractured. He
was "iken home at his request Instead of
to cue of the hospitals. Bert McCabe, a
drug clerk, suffered severe bruises, but
was able to reach his home, Hayes and
FIVE MORE
CLAIMED BY
THE REAPER
Boy Victims of the
Glass Works
Tragedy.
Six Left for Whom bu"
Little Hope Is En
tertained.
Many Sufferers Are Removed
From the Hospitals to
'Their Homes.
The hospitals where men and boys in
jured in the glass works tragedy are be-
inK cared for were besieged yesterday
morning by relatives and friends of the
unfortunates. In many cases parents had
rot known where their boys were or that
they had been sufferers in the frightful
Reddest until they saw the names In the
j..arnlng papers.
At the City and County Hospital four
victims have died since the papers went
to preps yesterday morning and two more
8 re hovering between life and death.
Robert J. Harrison, age lo, died at 2:55
a. m. of severe burns. He was a son of
Thomas A. Harrison, an attorney of To
j eka, Ivans. The boy had run away from
lu.itxif with a companion named Hurry
and they made their way to San
Fianclsco. Lately the Harrison boy had
been at the Sunnj>ide lodging-house. 247
Seccnd street. 1 he boys were to have
been sent back to Toj>eka to-day.
Lawrence Miel, the youngest boy who
was among the injured, died at 10:05 a.
m. His mother, Mrs. Marion Miel, a
teacher in the public schools," lives at 3530
Twenty-third street. She was at his bed
fide when he breathed his last. He was
her only son and her grief was most
affecting.
Dante Monaco died at 1:45 p. m. His ekull
we.s fractured and he had been uncon
tcious from the first. He was 16 years old
and a pupil of the Lick School. His
mother, who lives at 301 Dolores street,
1? the widow of the late Louis Monaco,
the well-known photographer. His broth
er. Louis Monaco. Is a messenger in the
office of the Board of Health. Miss Jean
Monaco, his ulster, is well known as a
musician.
Cornelius Mc?.Ii»hon died late in the aft
ernoon He t*2s a schoolboy. 12 years old.
His mother, who lives at 2611 Post street,
was at his side constantly until his death.
John Brough died at the City Recelvmg
Hospital at 7 a. m. of fracture of the
Fkull. He vras a law clerk employed In
the office cf R. B. Mitchell. Mills building,
end was IS years old.
Of the more teriously injured of those
who are being treated at the City and
County Hospital Fred F. Lilly and Thom
es C. Pedler are scarcely expected to live.
Lilly, a young man of about 21 years, is
Fuffc-rirg from a fractured skull. The
froiital bor.e ms caved in, and while he is
conscious and hopeful Dr. Thomas Maher,
house furgeon of the hospital, says he can
scarcely recover. His father, a weli-to-do
New York merchant, telegraphed yester
day morning to learn the extent of his
ton's injury- Young Lilly was a solicitor
for W. M." Cuoery & Co., printers, and
lived at 409 Mason street.
Thomas C Pedler has a fractured spine.
An operation will be performed this
PITIFUL ARE THE SCENES AT THE HOSPITALS AND THE MORGUE.
NUMEROUS
FUNERALS ON
SABBATH DAY
All for the Victims
of Factory ,
Horror.
Relatives and Friends
to Pay Last Sad
Tribute.
Eight Burials Will Take
Place To- Morrow and '.-
One To-Day
The funeral services of Virgil L. Nsw
by will be held at the Dtxon BaptUt
Church Sunday morning at 11 o'clock.
Friends may view the remains at the un
dertaking establishment of H. P. Peter
sen. 2S McAllister street, to-day from 9
a. m. until 1:30 p. m. The body will D3
shipped to DLxon at 4 o'clock this after
noon.
This afternoon at 1 o'clock John H. Mc-
Nelll will be burled from his late resi
dence, 762 Post street.
The funeral of Robert Miller will take
place from the parlors of Theodor Dierks
at 957 Mission street at 10:30 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the burial services of Henry
W. Eckfeldt at 1920 Howard "street to
morrow, afternoon at 1:30 o'clock.
The burial of Lawrence Miel will taka
place at 2 o'clock Sunday afternoon. The
services will be held at 3530 Twenty-third
street.
The remains of Dante Monaco will be
burled from the- mortuary chapel ia the
Golden Gate undertaking establishment
at 2429 mission street at 9 o'clock to-mor
row morning.
At 1 o'clock Sunday afternoon the last
"sad rites will be raid over all that ia
mortal of William Valencia, at 105 Capp
street.
The funeral of John Brough will take
place at 10 o'clock at 2425 Mission street
Sunday will be a sad day In mord than
one San Francisco home, in which a few
days ego sunshine and gladness reigned.
With the rise and setting of another sun
the last words will have been said over
the remains of a majority of the poor un
fortunates who met death in Thursday's
fearful accident.
There will be eight burials of victims
to-morrow, following one to-day, and the
funerals of the others will probably take
place Monday. The services will, with
one or two exceptions, be held at the late
homes- of the deceased. There will be
gathered the grief-stricken parents, the
loving schoolmate or companion, and in
their humble way they will pay tribute to
the dead It will be a sad spectacle —
these somber-looking wagons slowly and
almost silently wending their way to the
graveyard. Not soon will San FTancisco
forget Thursday's terrible calamity and
its gloomy aftermath at the grave* of its
victims. •"--•'
" The services over the body of Edgar J.
Flahavan will be held at 1 o'clock to
morrow from the residence of hia parents,
1807 Howard street, followed fcy a brief
ceremony at the church of St. Charier
Borromeo.
Forty-five members of .the California
Delta Upsilon Club banqueted at the Cali
fornia Hotel last evening and the affair
was one of the most enjoyable In the
club's history. An excellent dinner was
served and following It came a feast ot
reason and humor. John C. Branner.
Ccrnell "74, and president of- the club,
acted as toastmaster and the following
toasts were given: "California Delta Up
silon Club," Katoh C. Daniels, California
'99; "Fraternity Loyalty," James O. Grif
fin. Cornell '77; "California Chapter," Will
H. Alexander. Toronto '99 and California
•00: "Stanford Chapter." Harry L. Haehl.
Stanford '01: "Fraternity Songr," Phillip
K Gilman, Stanford '01 leader: "A Law
yer and an Honest Man." Charles R.
lowers. Stanford '&6; "The 1900 Conven
tion," Nathan M. Moran, California '01:
"The Spirit of Delta Upsilon," Benjamin
Fay Mills, Hamilton '79; "Delta Upsilon."
David Starr Jordan, Cornell '72.
Delta TJpsilon Club Banquet.
i : ¦ ' \
THE SAN FRAXGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
To f Cure'.; a< Cold iir On© , Day
Take •¦¦ Laxative ' Bromo '¦•- Quinine Tablets. AU
d rujrgls ts refund the money lf.lt t al Is to cure.
E. W. Grove'* signature U on tach box, 25c. *
The Mission Streets.
,,_• £Th.e Clty..,Attprney' advised \he Board of
$up<irvlsqi;s 'yesterday that 'the resolution
passed by a former ; board" in ; 1S92 • declar
ing Its Intention to close - up streets lying
in Mission Bay; between' Channel street,
Have' Withdrawn From League.
Holtt's School and ' the "Belmont School
have.. withdrawn from .the, * Acad.eml<*i'A.th-
Jetic ' Lea gue. . Notice* ok- the, 1 wltridriiwal
of : the. two schools was 'Presented at. a
meeting of the board of - managers last
evening. HHH9SH£^tatifim9i
Christian Association Dinner.
.The active members of the Young Men's
Christian Association. 'gave their annual
dinner ' in the Association Hall last even
ing. • Among the speakers were ToraJIro
Watase, member of the City Council . at
Tokio. Japan, and vice president of <the
Young Men's Christian Association - of
that." city, and -Rev.- H. H. -. Bell, D -D
pastor of the United Presbyterian Cnutch
of this city.
¦.,•¦¦-
Cogswell Alumni.
- Under the motto "Welcome Alumni,- let
Joy be uriconfined" the alumni of the
Cogswell' Polytechnical College ¦ made
merry J last - evening. The affair '-, was ; in
formal. Principal • Macurda presided and
made a few; remarks at the opening after
! an overture.' -, Then the alumni - spoke,
among »the' number being DeG. Simpson
•99." Miss Murdoch '99 andsW; B.« Clark, a
former '.teacher.' After the 'speaking, was
over the floor. was cleared for dancing. •
Head Nurse Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that . : on ' December -19
examinations will be : held In this city and
elsewhere for the position of superintend
ent and head nurse In the Freedman's
Hospital. PreXerence.will.be.glven to un-
. married women between 20. and 25 years
of ape. The salary Is J900 per annum. Ap
plicants should address the commission at
Washington, D, c, for the* necessary
blanks. •
Bohemian Art Exhibition.
The fourth annual exhibition of paint
ings and sculpture by the artist members
of the Bohemian Club will be held from
Wednesday, December 5, until Thursday
December 20, inclusive. Ladles will &
allowed the freedom of the bulldine on
the . opening day - from 2 o'clock until 5
o'clock p. m.. and on Wednesday evenlne
December 19. from 8 until 11 p. m ThV
public. Including ladles, will be admitted
to the , exhibition upon presentation of
cards. Issued by members, on December
8. 15 and 20. from 2 until 5 p. m.
Golden Gate's Anniversary.
y Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends celebrated the nineteenth
anniversary . of its institution by giving
the members a banquet last night in the
Foresters' building. . Councilor Jackson
presided and responses to sentiments frere
responded to by Past Grand Councilor
Boehm.'Dr.' C. JU. ¦* Patton. " Dr. Shirman,
Past - Councilor. S. .- H. Simon, Mrs. * Cator,
Mrs. : Wallis and a number of others/ . It
was a pleasant reunion, about sixty mem
bers occupying seats at the tables, y
Music and Drama's Last- Issue.
The last'co'py. of Music and Drama will
be published- tOrday- "Harry Gates, the
present editor of the paper,, has Bold out
the stock and pood will of -the concern to
the management of the Dramatic Review.
Music-.and Drama wae established- imany
years, ago, by Horace' Thruhim.* "~For a
while the venture was-, most successful.
Thrumm died about four; years, ago and
clnce'that time Harry Gates' has assumed
charge of the paper.'. 4 • _•:'¦ -.-.¦ '
Cadets on the Diamond.
Teams of the League of the Cross Ca
dets Baseball League will meet In contest
to-morrow at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds. Companies D and C. leaders tn
the race for the pennant, will play atl2 - 30
p. m. The batteries will be McQuaide and
Sullivan for D and Dougherty and Bannan
for C-
The second came will be played at 2:30
between Comimriies N and I. Flynn and
Scanlan will compose the battery of N
and Crawford and Fennesy of I. Hujrhia
Smith will umpire.
The tournament is fast nearing an end.
Looking for His Wife.
William P. Thompson of 1469 Clay street
has reported to the police the disappear
ance ; of his wife on Wednesday night.';
She. left her home without -hat or coat?
and although all the neighborhood has
been searched and the houses of friends
have been vlsited.no trace of her has been
found. Some time ago she underwent a
capital operation.- but as a result her
mind - was ¦ slightly affected. ' She •« ia de
scribed as being a woman 28 years of age
about five feet in height, plump and with
auburn hair. " .
Miyakawa Case Closed.
The taking of evidence in the case of
Masu ji Mlyakawa, charged with extortion,
was concluded before Judge Fritz yester
day afternoon. The arguments of counsel
will be heard -next "Wednesday. The ex
pected sensational development by Joseph
Sakabe° In testifying. that he had perjured
himself when he swore that he gave Mlya
kawa money did not materialize. Sakabe
only . testified • that he had ; cone ¦ with an
other Japanese -to . Frank v Kane's ' office
and had made a statement as to the char
acter of the house at 512 Dupont street.
SYMPATHY FOR KRUGER.*
of the Deputies.
French Senate Adopts the Resolution
PARIS, Nov. 30.— The Senate to-day
unanimously adopted a resolution of sym
pathy with Mr. Kruger, in the same terms
as the resolution of the Chamber of Dep
uties of yesterday.
Mr.; Kruger remained indoors, engaged
in consultations with his advisers and re
ceiving callers, until shortly after 1
o'clock, when, accompanied by Dr. Leyds
and the usual military escort, he called
on M.: Fallleres, President of the Senate.
The interview lasted ten minutes, after
which Mr. Kruger returned to his hotel.
He will leave Paris to-raorrow at 10:45 p.
•n. by specjal train for Cologne.
Mr. Kruger, late this afternoon, visited
M. Deschanel, President of the Chamber
of Deputies, remaining with him ten min
utes. * M. Deschanel returned, the call.
The clergy of the Church of the Sacred
Heart : of Montmartre will toll to-morrow,
at the moment of Mr. Krpger's departure,
the famous Bavoyarde, the second largest
bell in the world, in memory of the
Frenchmen who died In the Transvaal.
This afternoon Mr. Kruger paid a fara
well visit to President Loubet, who re
turned it. »
PARIS, Nov. 30.— Senator Fabre called
on Mr. Kruger during the day and pre
sented him with a copy of his "Life of
Washington," dedicated as follows:
"To the Grand Old Man, who,, by hla
struggles and persistency,, recalls Wash
ington, and to whom France has given
the same enthusiastic welcome as. offered
to Franklin, regretting Bhe has been un
able, up to the present, to co-operate In
the foundation of the United States of
South Africa, as she co-operated in the
foundation of the United States of Amer
ica."
\ THE HAGUE. Nov. 30.— During the de
bate on the budget in the Second Cham
ber to-day. Herr Kerdyk, Radical, reiter
ated his, opinion:; that the Netherlands
ought to have declined, the honor of con
vening :- the - peace conference unless the
Transvaal was admitted. He highly ap
proved of the offer of the Dutch Govern
ment to intervene between the Transvaal
and • Great ; Britain before the war, , espe
cially commended - the offer to place : tne
Dutch cruiser Gelderland at Mr. KruRer's
disposal to convey him from South Afrlcu
to Europe. • This act, he said, had been
applauded by the whole world. The re
marks of Herr Kerdyk were greeted with
loud cheers. • > ' .
KITCHENER IN COMMAND.
to His Successor.
lK>rd Roberts Turns .Over His Forces
• LONDON,' Nov.. 30.— The War Office an
nounced : this evening ; that Lord Roberts
has 'handed over the command of the
British troops In -South Africa to Lord
Kitchener.
It ! Is further asserted that the ' Queen
approves Lord Kitchener's .promotion to
be- lieutenant .genoial. with the rank 'of
general , while : in command In South
Afrlca.-^BMmBKBMBBBMHHBBI
BOEES; DRIVEN OFF.
Relief.
Garrison of Schweiser-Reuke Is Given
VRYBURG, Capo Colony, Nov. .30.— The
garrison of Schwelser-Reuke , has been • re
lieved ! by a column '• of u troops ;¦' sent from
here. .The - beleaguering Boers resisted,
but wer« driven oft. ' '. ¦
GOING EAST FOR THE
FREIGHT RATE CASE
Pillsbury, Loveland and Eulofson to
Represent San Fran
. ' • ' cisco.
E. S. Pillsbury, attorney for the Pacific
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation; H. D. Loveland, vice president of
Tillman & Bendel and chairman of the
traffic committee of the Jobbers' . and
Manufacturers' Association, and A. C.
Rulofson of Baker & Hamilton, a mem
ber of the traffic committee, will leave
Saturday morning for Washington, D. C,
to be present at the final hearing before
the Interstate Commerce Commission of
the case brought by the Business Men's
League of St. Louis against the transcon
tinental railroad.
.This is the most Important case ever
brought before the Interstate Commerce
Commission and it means much to 'the
merchants of the Pacific Coast. J. C.
Stubbs and W. F. Herrin of the Southern
Pacific Company have already started for
Washington to be present at this hearing
and it Is expected that the meeting win
be largely attended by railroad men and
business men from Chicago, St. Louis and
other Middle West points. .
PAID A LARGE BILL
WITH A BOGUS CHECK
Young Oaston Must Face Two Very-
Serious Charges of
Forgery.
Louis Gaston. a young man who re
cently arrived from the East, was ar
rested by Policeman George Douglass on
a charge of forgery yesterday afternoon.
The complaining witness is R. G. Wllke,
a real estate agent at 26V4 Kearny street.
Wllke alleges .that Gaston gave him a
bogus check for 11050. Part of the money
was to have been paid on a real estate
transaction, and, as Gaston demanded
the balance In change, an additional
charge of obtaining money under faise
pretenses was placed' against him.
Some time ago Gaston requested the
real estate man to purchase a business
for him, and Wilke finally succeeded in
procuring a half interest In a restaurant
conducted by M. F. Waferling at 410
Kearny street. Gaston during this trans
action flashed a large check, and on the
statement that he had plenty of money
Wilke loaned him small sums from -ime
to time.
Finally a settlement was ordered and
Gaston presented a check for |m>50 signed
by C. B. Howendobler. The amount of
the sale was $650, and the purchaser asiced
him to give him the difference, in cash.
Wllke had always known his patron un
der the name of Gaston and was surprised
when he saw another name on the paper.
This Gaston explained by saying that he
used various names in business transac-
tions. '
Wtlke took the check to the Bank of
Commerce, on which it had been drawn,
and found it to be worthless. He then
sent for Gaston and called Policeman
Douglass, who made the arrest. •
Who Howendobler is the police do not
know positively. Gaston claims, however,
that he is in existence and that he gave
him permission to use bis name. If any
person of that name Is connected .with
the transaction it is certain that he has
no deposit in the bank specified In the
check.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
recommended to the board yesterday that
the demand for $725 presented by the Sec
retary of State for baliot paper furnished
to this city and countv for the last elec
tion be cut from $725 to $362 50. By this
action the committee r-ustains the Mayors
veto of the demand on the eround that
it was exorbitant. Tho three members of
the committee — Supervisors Brandenstein,
Comte and Tobin— were thoroughly con
vinced that the charge of 12 SO per ream
or 12V* cents a pound was excessive. Af
ter an exhaustive Investigation, at which
the testimony of several paper ex
perts was heard, it was concluded that
Price Charged by # Secretary
of State Is Cut in Half
by Committee.
REDUCE DEMAND
FOR BALLOT PAPER
Judge Wallace's Suit for
Services Rendered Ready
: for Trial.
- t ¦ -
A jury has been selected to try the
issues involved in the action Instituted
by ex-Judge William T. Wallace and Ry
land B. Wallace against Drury Melone to
recover JS1S3 33 for legal services in con
nection with the sale of Placervllle. bonds.
The prominence of the litigants and the
suggestions of " bribery In the Legisla
ture, Incorporated In the answer and
cross complaint of the defendant, attract
ed a large and curious audience to the
courtroom.
Judge Wallace and his son were repre
sented by E.-S. Pillsbury and J. C. Camp
fell, and Attorneys Maguire, Gallagher
and Dibble represented the defendant.
The venire- 'summoned ¦ by Sheriff Lack
mann, which was largely composed of
well-known business men, was in court
and the examination of talesmen began
forthwith.
In no way were the issues in the case
or the contentions which "will be raised
by either the plaintiffs or defendant fore
shadowed .by the questions of counsel.
Joseph Brltton, who resides at 829 Union
street, was quickly challenged ' by the
defense for cause. "I never admired Me
lone as a public officer," ¦ said he, "but
I did admire Wallace."
; Ex-Assessor John D. Slebe was excused
by concent on his statement -that he was
too 111 to serve, he ' having left his sick
bed to obey the summons of court. Wal
lace Bradford, who votes In the Assembly
district where Attorney Dibble, met defeat
in his fight .for the Assembly,- was ex
cused by Mr. Maguire after -he had con
sulted with Dibble. i ¦¦',"¦
Frank Robb, superintendent of the Mil
i brae .Dairy, was accepted by both sides
against his own protest. ¦ :
"I am a very busy man," he said, ana
you lawyers know how, to drag out a
; "We will try to be brief," said MrvPills
bury, and Robb j was ordered to serve
throughout the! trial. '¦ . >;
So the examination went on until; Just
before the . - noon ¦ hour, :¦ when . ; the last
JurOr was accepted., Follylng are those
selected to try the case: .-. .
- Vernon Upton, 205- Central -avenue; C. >W11
fret 13TS ¦ Market street ; ' E. D. Feusler. '• 62t
Green street; George . H. - Fuller, v 838 Mission
•treef, J. T.Wetiel,- 316 Battery street;. J. :H.
Paige, 1528 Bush street; A. Arnold, 309 Market
8tre*t ; T. -P. -Andrew".- 109 Montgomery street;
A. J. Carmanj-. 210 Montgomery street;- Frank
Robb. 810 Octavla.Btreet;.O.F. von : Rheln. 51S
California street; Guatave Schnee, 302 Stock
ton street.
The Jury was sworn and Mr. Pillsbury
made, the opening statement.' < In sub
stance Mr. Pillsbury explained: that Judge
Wallace and Ryland B.- Wallace had ren
dered services on behalf of , the defendant
fn the sale of Placervllle bonds an' 1880,
with -the understanding that * the plain
tiffs, were to-receive one-half of the com
pensation paid to " Melone, ; the defendant,"
for his services. * Judge SeawelKthen.or
dered a continuance until Monday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.. ,,
TO TRY ACTION
AGAINST MELONE
an, endeavor was made to mulct the city
out of a large sum of money.
The most important witness before the
committee yesterday was Arthur G.
Towne of the paper firm of Blake, Mof
fitt & Towne, who testified that the price
of the paper furnished by the Zellerbach
firm was 5& cents jxt pound for small
quantities and 4 cents for large quanti
ties. •
"Was that the market price of. the bal
lot paper last January when it was or
dered by the Secretary of tSate?v asked
Comte.'-
"The price at that time," said Towne,
"might have been one-half cent higher per
pound, but no more." -
"What is there in the testimony given
here that it was difficult to fill the order
on account of the paper mills being
rushed?" asked Tobln.
"The order waa not filled until several
months after It was placed by the Secre
tary of State," replied Towne. "so the
mills had ample time to make the paper."
Registrar Walsh stated that he did not
receive the paper until a short time be
fore the election waa held. So this ef
fectually disposed of that plea In extenu
ation of the increased price charged by
Zellerbach.
"Assistant Secretary of ¦ State • Ho€sch
quoted figures/i said "Brandensteln, "to
show that the city h.is in the past paid
more than $2 50 per ream -and as high as
$3 40. How do you account for that?"
"That is easily explained," said Towne.
"Those prices quoted by Hoesch were for
the years when paper was worth nearly
double what it is now. Four years ago
we offered to furnish liallot paper for a 1 !
cents, but the Secretary of State* ignored
us and paid 10 cents for the same paper.
We did not submit bids for paper for the
last election, as we were unaware that
any was desired." -
"Would you have furnished the same
paper for 6 cents per pound?" asked
Comte.
"We certainly would," replied Towne.
William White testified that he had gone
to Zellerbach with a sample of the ballot
paper which Zellerbach had sold to tho
State for Yi.Vi cents per pound. Zellerhach
oflVred to sell the same paper to "White
In any quantity for 6 cents per pound, -t-u
"I am In favor gf cutting down this de
mand from $2 60 per ream to \\ 25," said
Comte. The evidence ¦ Is conclusive that
the city has been, overcharged for the
paper." - - . -
"I think the price as charged Is ex
orbitant."- said Tobln, and- Brandensteln
expressed himself in ili« same, terms.
The action of the committee, which will
in all- HkelIhood"T>e ratified by the hoan!,
at the next meetiup. la important In vIpw
of the fact that .several counties. Includ
ing Los Angeles, have hf Id up the Slate
demands for'- ballot' uar»cr. "Action upon
them. how*v«>ry was postponed until this
city's decision could be learned.
Fourth, Kentucky, Marlposa, Pennsylva
nia and Sixth streets, was legally adopted,
but he advises the removal of the obstruc
tions to test its power - to reopen tiie
streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GLASGOW, Nov. 30.— Owing to the con
fusion of the Identities, of two cutter
yachts the .public has. been bothered' for
the few weeks past as to which of the'two
crafts was Sir Thomas Llpton's chal
lenger. The mystery has been solved, and
it can now be stated that the new big
cutter supposed to be for the German Em
peror is for the Prince* of Wales. This
Important piece of news will cause an im
mense amount of interest here, for it is
known -that the Prince wants to help Sir
Thomas out in every way, and he will do
all that he can In the direction of aiding
Sir Thomas lift the America's cup.
When Lord Dunraven refused to fit out
the Valkyrie III as a trial horse for Sham
rock I his Royal Highness soon after put
the Britannia in commission, and he had
her raced against Upton's challenger.
What the outcome will be should the
Prince of Wales' new ship beat what is
now intended to be Shamrock II is a mat
ter of much conjecture, but a swap could
be made, as either cutter will surely come
within the terms of the conditions of the
match as agreed upon for next August.
So in case thgr royal yacht should prove
to be the faster one It would be an easy
matter to name her. Shamrock II.
The Prince of Wales will come to the
Clyde at 1 launching time, and will -be
aboard his ship during the preliminary
trials, making possibly a week's visit.
There Is a well authenticated rumor that
the Prince of Wales will visit America
and witness the next cup races. He cer
tainly wants to and will do so if he can,
but the visit Is unlikely, as for state rea
sons, being heir to the throne, he would
hardly be able to leave the country ion*;
enough to enable him to attend the cup
races. - , ,
Sir Thomas, however, hopes that th«
Prince may ilnd a favorable opportunity
of making the trip to SanUy Hook. Never
before in the race for the Americas cup
has royally taken such an interest. With
his Royal Hignuess buildirg especially to
help Sir Thomas; out and giving the lat
ter all possible assistance, interest in the
Queen's domain among her subjects will
be greater than ever before.
It now looks as though Captain Wringe
will sf.il the Shamrock and that Captain
"Jack" Carter, former skipper of the
Britannia, or Captain Bevis will have
charge of the Prince's cutter.
His Royal Highness Anxious
' to Come to This
WALES MAY SEE
THE YACHT RACES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRINCETON, Ky., Nov. 30.— A mystery
which may develop Into a poisoning case
has excited this county. About ten days
ago Mrs. Cora Merrlck, wife of Frank
Merrlck filed a petition for divorce. The
petition set forth certain facts against her
husband and filed with it were deposition*
of certain witnesses to establish the fact
that Merrick was a forger and that he
had Blgned the namo of R. U. Kevil &
Sons to checks for various amount*.
On this advice warrants were sworn out
for Merrlck and he was arrested two days
later. When found at his home in this
county Merrlck either was. or pretended '
to be very ill. He was not taken, to jail,
but was allowed to remain at his horns,
under guard. On Monday he died in
agony and he was buried In the cemetery
of the little country church at Blu«
Springs, near his home.
Mrs. Merrick wedded James Moore yes
terday. Merrick had known his wife but
a short time when he was married to her
and their marital life was but a few
months old. They had lived happily, to
all outward appearances, till Moore came
upon the scene.
Mrs. Merrick is a beautiful woman.
Moore became Infatuated with her and
she returned his affection. Their marriage
caused much talk and an investigation
into the cause of Merrlck's death was or
dered by the officials. For the purpose of
obtaining the stomach for analysis Mer
rick's body was ordered to be exhumed.
When the grave was opened to-day the
coffin contained no body. Thi3 was a great
surprise and the police are now at work
on the case.
Merrlck has always been regarded as a
bad man. He made a detailed confession
of his forgeries to tha police soon after
he was arrested. His father has made re
imbursement for a portion of his son's
stealings and will in all probability settle
the entire amount. Moore and his bride
assert that the body has been stolen by
medical students.
CORPSE STOLEN,
MURDER HINTED
Widow of the Deceased Weds
Rival of Former
Husband.
DEATHBED OF CORNELIUS McMAHON, 12 YEARS OLD,' THE EIGHT
EENTH VICTIM OF GLASS WORKS TRAGEDY, AND HIS MOTHER'S
SAD VIGIL AT THE CITY AND COUNTY HOSPITAL.
EDWARD DUGGAN'S SISTERS WATCH BESIDE THEIR BROTHER'S
COT IN THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL. RECEIVING NO SIGN OF REC
OGNITION .FROM THE UNCONSCIOUS BOY.
Dinner at Broadway Jail.
, On Thanksgiving day \ the prisoners at
the Broadway jail were treated to one of
the finest dinners ever served in a prison
in this city. Superintendent Frank
Cornyn purchased ISO pounds of turkey
from the best stock of birds in the mar
ket. There was plum pudding and fruit,
nuts and coffee with -cream to complete
the bill of fare. In all about 167 Inmate*
were served, and, after their appetites
had been satisfied; some of the old-timers
pronounced it oneof the best meals they
had ever eaten in their lives.
The overworked deputies at the Morgue
had but little, -rest yesterday. From an
early, hour | In the morning until late at
nigiit the- Coroner's office was besieged
with relatives of the dead, undertakers
calling for the bodies and persons drawn
thither by morbid curiosity.
'•¦ The new. Morgue on Punbar alley, al
though not ready for occupancy, was
utilized for the first time, the present
Morgue on Merchant street being
cramped. Insufficient and altogether a dis
grace to a city of the metropolitan im
portance of San Francisco. Two police
officers were placed on duty at the Mer
chant-street entrance of the alley to keep
back the crowd while the dead wagons
lrom the various undertaking offices" drove
up to take away the bodies. '.
¦ Coroner Cole gave instructions to his
deputies to select the best material from
tho business district as jurors for the in
quest, which has been set for 10 o'clock
next , Tuesday . morning, and his instruc
tions were faithfully observed. The fol
lowing 1b the list of Jurors:' ,
F. Rals, 410; Pine street, with Savings
and Loan Building Association; P. Triest,
116 Sansome 6treet, with Triest & Co.;
Frederick Slebe, 322 Sansomo street;- with
Slebe Bros. & Plagemann; I. Rosenblatt, 13
Sansome street, with Cahn, Nickelsburg
& Co.; Mark Sheldon. 421 Market street,
of Mark Sheldon & Co.; John Walter, 529
Market street, of D. N. & E. Walter & Co. ;
George Toy,, 624 Market street, of Bovee,
Toy & Co. ; I* L. . Roos, 37 Kearny street,
of Roos Brothers; Thomas Millar, 310 San
some street, with Louis Sloss; K. Watson,
322 Pine street; J. M." LJebert, 335 Mont
gomery street, and A. Fodera, 626 Mont
gomeryalfreet. •
Af teiB^e jury had viewed the bodies, of
the \*Ktns they were taken in the after
noon •rthe Coroner and his chief deputy,
P. J.yi^Cormick, to tho glass works,
where \te roof and the approaches thereto
were Inspected.
Authorities Prepare to Make
Every; Effort to Fix
¦Responsibility.
Frantic Women and
Men Throng the
HORROR HOLDS
SWAY AT THE
CITY MORGUE
2
OUR WORKING GIRLS.
HOW T.O HELP THEM.
Life to the most favored Is not
always full of sunshine, but to the
average American girl or woman who
is obliged to work for her living, and,
perhaps to help others at home, life is
often a heavy drag in consequence of
illness. . .
Women who work, especially those
who are constantly on their feet, are
peculiarly liable to the development
of organic- troubles, and should par-
ticularly heed the first manifestations,
6uch as backache, pains in the lower
limbs and lower. part of the, stomach,
-irregular and painful monthly periods,
faint ness, weakness, loss of appetite
and sleep.
The young lady whose portrait we
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss »"¦ * Bwasia, £a«t Bochartw, CQrhsw
publish herewith had all these symp*
tomsi and in addition kuooxrhoei,
and was cured by Lydia E. Pinkham'*
Vegetable Compound.' First, aha
wrote a letter to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass., describing her trouble,
received in reply accurate instructions
-what to do to get well, and now wishes
/Mrs. Pinkham to use her name to con-
vince others that they may be cured
as she was.
Mrs. Pinkham extends tho same
helping hand, free of charge or obliga-
tion, to every ailing woman in Amer-M
ica. If you are sick you are foolish
not* to write to her, it costs' you noth-
ing, and she is snre to help yon. Doa»*%
wait until it is too late— write to-d*J.
Artistic
Blown Glassware.
Engraved Grecian Patterns,
stars, fern Reaves, flowers.
Decanters, Cruets
Champagnes, Wines
Tumblers, Clarets
ringer Bowls ,
Goblets, Cheese
Dishes, Sets
Oar Prices
Just Like Finding Mone} r .
Grat' J!!|i?ea|
CITY 6T0RB6.
2IO GrantAve., bet. Po«t and Sutler*
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
MO 6 1* th St. l4I9PoVk6t.
112 Third *iU - 1819 Devtsadero St.
146 Ninth St. .-» 2OO8 FiMmore St.
3006 Sixteenth 8t. 521 Montgomery At,
2516 Mission St. 3283 Mission St.
7O5 Lnrkin St. ' 2732 24th St.
8C5 Haye« St. 47S Holftht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1O53 Washington St 1 2S7 Brsedway.
1185 23rd Ave. , 616 E. I2th St.
' 1510 Seventh J8.t. ? i ..- '
ALAMEDA-185S Park St. >:
•AN RAFAEL-B 6t.. Bear Fourth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.by a half-dozen matrons of. Temesvar.
The second Mormon was ducked in a
horse pond. Finally the two elders were
rescued by the police.
, The Minister of the Interior ha* prohib
ited further Mormon attempts to proselyte
as being a danger to the well being of the
state. - - * .l : -vAl"
Mrs. Maybrick's Case.
The officials of the United States em
bassy say they have not received any in
structions in regard to taking further
step3 for the release from Woking prison
of Mrs. Florence Maybrick. who is under
sentence, of imprisonment for life on con
viction of poisoning her husband. ""'-t!
Shot Down by Soldiers.
A special* from Bucharest, Roumania,
eays: A rising of Moldavian peasants
against the new tax on prune spirits has
taken place. The military have shot
twenty men and have made many pris
oners.
For Exchequer Bonds.
Subscriptions to the new Issue of £3,000,
000 3 per cent exchequer bonds repayable
in 1903. to-day totaled £6.263,500. The ten
ders ranged from 95 to 100. The average
price was 88 2-10. The Statist will say to
morrow that no application for the ex
chequer bonds will be made by Americans.
contract corporation for £o5,000. and It Is
claimed he and Van Ee left for America
with -the money. Counsel said the papers
in the case were served on Brotherton in
Africa, where he was found living in
'""Brotherton," said Arthur Hewitt
Spokes, counsel for the plaintiff s, to a cor
respondent, "was served with a writ at or
near Denver, much to his surprise. Of
course he did not respond. Proceedings
will now be begun in the American courts
to obtain .£57,500 which I believe he -.still
retains. He was originally a resident of
Boston. His career In ; London was one
of the most remarkable In the annals oi
promotion. He lived in a quiet suburb but
had good offices in the city, and floated
company after company."
Mormons Roughly Handled- " ., •-
A Vienna special says: Advices* received
from Temesvar, South Hungary, record
the rough treatment received there by two
Mormon elders, emissaries from Salt Lake
City Utah. The two elders had/ hardly
commenced to enunciate their views on
polygamy when the audience stormed the
platform and ejected the. pair from the
hall. One of them waa compelled to run
the gauntlet of 300 irate citizens armed
with sticks, straps or knotted cords and
shod with hobnail shoes. He was after
ward stripped to the waist and. thrashed
THE LATE OSCAR WILDE. ONCE FAMOUS AS A PLAYWRIGHT AND
ESTHETE, WHO DIED IN .AN OBSCURE HOTEL. OF PARIS ATTEND'
° ED BY A FEW FRIENDS?, ,
° . A ' ' '- •¦-"-: "- - : ' " U
ELJXXRADO. Kans., Nov. 30.— Jessie
Morrison, calm ani collected and scarcely
moving a muscle,' listened to-day to the
dramatic recital ,'l>y two of her former
neighbors of the (tragic death struggles of
Mrs. Castle, for, •whose murder she is be
ing tried. The witnes?. s were Mrs. Bettie
Moberly and Mrs. Emma R. Spangler. the
first persons ttf enter the Castle home in
response to Mrs. Castle's screams for
help. They were introduced by the State
and will probably prove tbe strongest wlt
r.esses put forth by the prosecution. The
trfaJ was gt»t 1 airly under way at noon.
A total cf 115 witnesses will be paid for
examination. _
The trial ticean in earnest this morning
when Prosecuting Attorney Brumback
Ftated the case for the State. The court
room was literally jammed with specta
tors, women being in the majority. The.
Morrison family, the Castles and the Wi
>ys were all present. Miss Morrison, un
charged in appearance, was conducted to
her eeat by her father, and he and her
two married sisters and a brother grouped
Themselves near by. During Attorney
Brumback's recital of the case the pris
oner watched him closely with her fingers
to her llpsTwhile Roland Wiley, father of
the murdered woman, covered hjs eyes
with his hand and was unable to refrain
from cryi»£-
Attorney Brumback said:
"We expect the evidence to show that
Jeesle Morrison went by a circuitous route
to Mr. Castle's house prepareu to kill and
murder Clara Wiley Castle."
They would show, he said, that the pris
oner went armed with two razors, or a
razor and a knife, and that ehe attacked
Mra. Castle, inflicting eighteen wounds.
The crime. It would be shown, was com
mitted through pa*s!on. Jealousy and an
*er. maJlc« ajid hatred against Mra. Cas
tl« and her husband, and the State would
ack for a verdict of murder in the first de
gree.
A- T. Kramer stated the case for the
defence, a^id said they would show that
Miss Morrison had cut Mrs. Castle In eelf
defens* after the latter had attacked her.
They would show, he eaid, that Olin Cas
tle continued to pay Miss Morrison atten
tion a^ter he became engaged to Miss Wi
ley and that he continued to make her
presents and send her love letters. The
evidence would show that Castle ehowed
a'.! of the defendant's notes and letters to
Miss Wiley. a»d that the latter became
extremely jealous and unfriendly toward
Mis*. Morrison: that Miss Wiley, after she
had become Mrs. Castle, called Miss Mor
rison into her house and. after accusing
her of being too lr.tlmate with Castle, at
tacked her wish a razor.
"What she did." eaid Attorney Kramer,
•'we? done because ehe thought It was
r.^rospary to pave her o»ii life; the other
woman was pressing the fight and Jessie
Morrison did what Phe did in order to
fcerp the other woman in her anger and
frenzy from killing her."
Tj-; ONDON. Dec. 1.— Oscar Wilde died
I at half-past 2 o'clock yesterday
I . afternoon at a small .hotel in tha
H,..^ Quartler Latin. Paris. For £he
previous three days he had lain
unconscious or in a delirium from the ef
fects of an abscess in his ear, which tho
doctors could not locate exactly. Inflam
mation from this gradually mounted to
his brain. He died attended by a few
faithful friends, who decline to accept
the general verdict of the world against
him. His end may be compared to that
of Verlalne. It Is interesting to note that
"Mr. and Mrs. Daventry," a play the au
thorship of which Wilde was credited with,
is now the rage here. The majority con
sider it very shocking, and j every one
rushes to see whether it is as bad as re
ported. Wilde, it is declared, was re
ceiving one-fourth of the profits of the
piece, in which Mrs. Patrick Campbell
appears.
PARIS, Dec. 1.— The Journal says it Is
rumored that Wilde committed suicide.
Opcar Fingal O'Flahertie- Wilde was
born' in Dublin ?ln 1SD5. His parents were
both noted people, h's father having a na
tional reputation as a surgeon and his
mother bfing well 'known as a literary
woman. T2io son was given a thorough
education, graduating in 1574 after becom
ing a medalist of'Trinity College, Dublin,
and a prize-winner at Oxford. In 1S79 he
went to London, where he became famous
as a leader of the esthetic movement.
In 1S82 he traveled through the United
States lecturing on art subjects. Return-
Ing to Europe, he. continued his lectures
through England. He v/as everywhere
recognized as a brilliant and brainy man.
His lecturing tour ceased after ho reached
Paris, where he attained still greater hon
ors.* He ietur:iod r to Ixmdon and devoted
his spare time to literary pursuits. The
world was startled in 1S05 by the arrest- of
'Wilde on accusations of infamous con
duct. His' trial attracted world-wide at
tention. He was convicted and sentenced
to two years' servitude at Woking prison.
The confinement, so worked upon°his sys
tem that on his release on the completion
of his sentence he was a physical wreck.
Several attempts have been made since
his release to raise funds for the gifted
author, but none were successful.
Eefore Wilde succumbed to tho effects
of his carousals his fertile brain had fur^
nished the literary world with several
works, the most famous of which was the
novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray,
the Duchess of • Padua," a tragedy. He
was also the author of the comedies
"Lady Windermere's Fan" and "A Wom
an of No Importance." which were played
throughout England and the United
States, attracting many favorable criti
cisms. :'V^'-- '-' ¦
He visited San Francisco in 1882 "and re
ceived many attentions here. He was the
guest of honor at the famous Tavernler
>Strong studio, at 728 Montgomery street.
He 'was 'also entertained in fine style at
the' Bohemian Club, then on Pine street,
where he met Judge Hoffman. General
Barnes, Judge Boalt. Frank .Pixley and
many other eminent citizens. On the oc
casion of the club night in his honor he
wore his regulation knee breeches, and a
full complement of buckles. He was then
in the zenith of his fame and the honored
guest In homes of intellect and refine
ment. He acknowledged to his friendly
acquaintances that his long hair and knee
breeches were trappings of the show busl-
Judgment Against Brotherton.
In the Sheriff's Court to-day the London
and Westminster contract corporation was
awarded £6400 against Josh Hamilton
Brotherton. formerly an American Metho
dist minister. It appears from the testi
mony that Brotherton and J. C. Kemp
Van Ee came to England in 1895 and pro
moted a number of doubtful mining com
panies. They then formed the contract
corporation, inducing Sir James LJnton
and other men of importance to act as
directors. Brotherton, it is added, next
cold shares in these companies to the
Lies Unconscious for Days and Attended by Friends Who
Refuse to Accept the World ; s Verdict Against Him.
Staff Corps as Permanent Institution Is
Abolished, Various Officers Being
Required to Serve in
RADICAL CHANGES IN
ARMY BILL ARE PROPOSED
BY SECRETARY ROOT
. "There has been considerable difference
In the promotions on various staff corps
since the war of the rebellion, which haa
led from time to time to special legisla
tion with a view to rectifying inequali
ties. In the new bill which has been pre
sented to Congress the Secretary of war
has caused to be adopted a ratio aa fol
lows: To each colonel there shatl be one
lieutenant colonel and three majors, and
to each major of staff three captains.
"This has been made to apply to the de
partments except in the engineers and
medical departments. The engineers al
ready have a greater proportion of high
grade officers than would be authorized
under this scheme, but no reduction has
been made In the corps. The Increase has
been made at the bottom. The duties of
the engineers are largely connected with
river and harbor improvements."
An official statement In connection with
the bill was issued at the War Depart
ment to-day, as follows:
When natives by their service and char
acter show fitness for command, the Pres
ident is authorized to make provisional
appointments in the grade of first and sec
ond lieutenants.
A regiment of Porto Ricans is also
authorized. - . ; ':
Provision is made for the retirement of
any officer who has been suspended from
duty. This would apply to General Eagan,
commissary general.
The President la authorized to enlist and
organize natives of the Philippines in or
ganization similar to the cavalry and in
fantry to the number of 12,000, the officers
for such organization to be selected from
the regular army. The highest officers in
command of the natives shall be major*.
The provision 'f ob the filling of vacan
cies that may occur by reason of the pro
motion of officers under the proposed act
is as follows:
"That vacancies in the grade of field of
ficers and captain created by this act in
the cavalry, artillery and infantry shall
be filled by promotion according to se
niority in each branch, respectively. Va
cancies existing as the promotions have
been made shall be provl<*ed for aa fol
lows: A sufficient number shall b© re
served for the next graduating class at
the United States Military Academy. Of
ficers now holding commissions In th»
volunteer army and whese age does not
¦exceed 32 years at the date of the passage
of this act may be ordered before boards
of officers for such examination as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of War.
Volunteer officers who establish their fit
ness before these examining boards may
be appointed to the grade of second lieu
tenant in the regular army. Volunteer of
ficers so appointed to the grade of second
lieutenant shall be arranged according to
rank on a separate list. All vacancies
then existing in the grade of first lieuten
ant in each arm of the service shall be
filled from this list and the lineal lists of
second lieutenants according to seniority,
as determined by length of prior commis
sioned service; but nothing herein con
tained shall change the relative rank of
officers heretofore commissioned as second
lieutenants In the regular army.
"When the vacancies in the crade of
first lieutenant shall have been filled from
tho two lists, the. names of the remaining
second lieutenants shall then be placed in
one list in each branch, arranged as to
seniority, according to the dates of their
commissions, and promotions thereafter
shall be made as provided for in existing:
law."
been strenuously advocated by many of
the beet military authorities in this coun
try for years. It is a pet idea of former
Secretary of War Proctor, now one of the
members of the Senate Committee on Mil
itary Affairs. According to the provision
as it now stands, the lull effect of it will
not be worked out for several years, as It
is not proposed to make the provision ap
plicable to present members of 'the staff,
corps above the rank of lieutenant
colonel.
DEFALCATION MORE THAN
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND
Investigation Shows Eidiculously
Poor Business Methods of Cin
cinnati School Board.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 30.— It is evident
that the defalcation of the late George R.
Griffiths, school clerk, will exceed HCO.OOO.
He was not the disbursing officer, but he
received large sums of money belonging
to the school fund and was required to
pay them over to the treasurer; but th»
treasurer had no means of knowing how
much the clerk received and the Board of
Education had absolute control over Its
funds, with no accountability to any of
ficer.
Griffiths' estate is said to bo insolvent.
and his bond, which is said to be for $3000.
is likely to be valueless from neglect in
the matter of its renewal.
Mrs. HcKlaley In K"ew York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— Mrs. William
McKInlev and Mrs. Garret; >- Hobart.
widow of the late Vice President, arrived
in New York this afternoon.
"That upon the occurrence of a va
cancy in the office of the adjutant gen
eral, judge advocate general, quartermas
ter general, commissary general, paymas
ter general, chief of ordnance or chief
signal officer, the- President may appoint
the chief of any of said departments or
corps from the officers of the army at
large not below the grade of lieutenant
colonel. Provided, that chiefs of staff
corps or departments shall be appointed
for terms to continue four years, unless
sodner terminated by the President, and
while so serving shall have the rank, pay
and allowances now authorized for chiefs
of said corps or departments, and provid
ed, that when any officer serving a de
tail as chief of a staff corps or depart
ment Is retired, he shall be retired with
rank and pay now authorized for the chief
of such staff corps or department."
It is provided also that officers below
the grade of lieutenant colonel in any of
the above-named departments shall serve
one year in the line, but shall not lose
their places in the staff corps. ,
¦ The above quoted provision is one of tha
most Important and radical of the
changes proposed by th» bill. It amounts,
in effect, to the abolition of the staff
corps as a permanent institution in which
officers now Berve throughout their mili
tary career. The proposition that line
officers be appointed to do staff duty for
a definite period, and at the conclusion
of that term "return again to the line, has
All the promotions in the staff, created
under the act are to be made from the
present staff corps, and when vacancies
occur by retirement or otherwise, the pro
motions shall, be made by seniority. Va
cancies that cannot be filled by such pro
motions are to be filled by detail from thy
line of the army, the details lasting four
years, after which the officers shall not
be available for staff duty until they have
served two years In the line. The pro
vision for filling vacancies at the head of
the various staff corps is as 'follows:
Provision for the discontinuance of the ,
artillery arm as at present organized is
made by organizing an artillery corps
known as coast artillery and field artil
lery. Officers of artillery are to be placed
on one list for promotion according to
seniority. The corps will have a chief of
artillery detailed trom the colonels, and
while serving In this capacity he will
have the rank and pay of brigadier gen
eral. There will be in addition thirteen
colonels, thirteen lieutenant colonel*,
thirty-nine majors. 182 captains. li»8 first
lieutenants and 19S ; second lieutenants.
The 'captains and lieutenants, when nut
required for duty with batteries, will be
available as staff officers during garrison.
Each battery of coast and field artillery
shall.be organized as at present. The in
crease in the artillery shall be twenty per
cent each year for five years, until the
maximum of 18,920 men is reached.
The, adjutant general will have the
rank of major general, and his corps Is
increased one lieutenant colonel and ten
majors. The inspector general's depart
ment Is Increased one lieutenant colonel
and six majors. The judge advocate's de
partment is increased one colonel and
three majors. The quartermaster's de
partment is increased two colonels and
one lieutenant colonel, four majors \inJ
twenty-four captains. To fill the grade
of -captains; volunteers not over 36 years
of age may be appointed. The subsistence
department is Increased one colonel, one
lieutenant oolonel, one major and thirteen
captains. The medical department Is In
creased two colonels, two lieutenant col
onels, ten majors; 117 captains and first
lieutenants. The pay department is in
creased one colonel, one lieutenant colonel
arid the number of majors is fixed at nine
instead of twenty, as at present, with
twenty-seven captains. The majors in Lhe
pay department at present will hold that
rank, but no promotions are to be made
until the number of majors is- reduced be
low nine. To fill the vacancies of cap
tains, men serving as additional pay
masters not over forty years may be
selected. The engineer corps is increased
• five captains, fourteen first lieutenants
and twenty-one second lieutenants. Pro
motions are to be made by seniority, and
vacancies are to be filled from the regular
army. The ordnance bureau is increased
: one lieutenant colonel and seven first lieu
tenants. The signal corps is increased two
majors, four captains, nine first lieuten
ants and, during the present emergency,
the President Is authorized to continue in
the Philippines ten first lieutenants and
ten second- lieutenants as volunteer sig
! nal officers.
WASHINGTON, . No\-. 30.— Secretary
Root's army bill provides for a lieutenant
general, six major generals and fifteen
brigadier generals. The number of cap
tains, first lieutenants and second lieu
tenants of the cavalry and Infantry are
increased from twelve to fifteen for each
regiment. Three of the captains shall bo
available for detail as adjutant, quarter
master and commissary; three first lieu
tenants for squadron and battalion adju
tants, and three, second lieutenants for
squadron quartermasters and commis
sary.
DEATH OF OSCAR WILDE IN AN
OBSCURE HOTEL OF LATIN QUARTER
It was announced that the State and
defense would present a total of 115 wit
nesses to be examined. The taking of -tes
timony was then beg^in, the State calling
Mrs: Bettie Moberly, the first person who
entered the Castle home in response to
Mrs. Castle's cries for help.
Mrs. Moberly told of breaking into the
house and finding Mrs. Castle lying on the
floor with her throat cut and Jessie Morri
son bending over her. She pushed Miss
Morrison back, she said, and as she did
so the latter tried to get something from
her shoe. She held Miss Morrison so she
could not move and demanded an explan-*
atlon of the situation. "She tried to kill
me." said Miss Morrison.
airs. Moberly testified to seeing a black
handled razor lying on the bedy of Mrs.
Castle as Miss Morrison stood over her.
When a blood-stained razor that had
been found In the Castle home was ex
hibited witness said she thoueht it rhe
same one. Later when another neighbor
arrived they both led Jessie Morrison ouc
of the house. Jessie wanted to go back
for a letter that she ha.d left on the floor
near Mrs. Castle. This letter, blood
stained, was shown to the witness and
identified by her. The letter, according: to
the prosecution, was taken out of the
postoffice by Miss Morrison on the morn
ing; of the murder and was handed by
her to the murdered woman so she micnt
have an opportunity for attack as Mrs.
Castle read It. The cross-examination
elicited 'nothing- new.
In her redirect examination Mrs. Mo
berly described Mrs. Castle's expression
as she lay upon the floor. :
"Her face was all drawn, her eyes had
a wild expression in them b~*A her lips
were drawn from, her teeth." said Ine
witness. She told of Mrs. Castle. unab!e
to epeak. writing a note. There was a
flpht over tbe admission of the note,
which read: "Jessie Morrison killed me."
Mrs. Castle afterward ; wrote a longer
statement.
Mrs. Spangler, another neighbor, testi
fied to hearing Ecreams from the Castle
house and hearing a yplce say: "Get off
me, Jess Morrison; you are killing-, me."
The hous« was locked and she looked
through the window.
. Mies Morrison stood over the prostrate
'-woman with her hands near Mrs. Cas
tle's head. Jessie saw witness at the
window and straightened up.
"I can show how Jessie Morrison
moved, said the witness,, and Mrs.
Spangier. getting: upon her knees on the
floor before the Jury, depicted dramati
cally Jessie Morrison placing her hands at
the throat of the other woman, then rais
ing; her head and dropping: her hands at
her side. When Jessie arose, witness said.
Miss Morrison'8 haiuls were near Mrs.
Castle's knees. (The razor was found on
Mrs. Castle's body near the knees.)
¦When . Mrs. Spangler tntered the room
Mis? Morrison had exclaimed: • "I have
killed Mrs. Castle. I cut her throat all to
pieces with a razor."
Witness then told of leading 0 Miss Mor
rison from the house, of her goinK back
for the !etter.=of her trying to hide eom»
thinp dark that she nad In oher hand and
of tryins: to run away from Mra. Mober
ly and the witness. .>:
Trial of the feensational Kansas Case Begins
and Witnesses Relate Circum
stances of the Killing of
/ Mrs. Uastle.
MISS MORRISON WILL
PLEAD SELF-DEFENSE
FOR HER GHASTLY DEED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, -DECEMBER V 1900.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. *
For a Cold in the Head.
Troops I«eave Porto Rico.
SAN JUAN, Nov. 30.— The United States
transport Crook Bailed for. New ,York'.yes
terday with » troop of ."the Fifth Cavalry.
The United <• States ? transport * Rawlins
¦ailed ' this evening- for? Newport : News,
havin t on . board the . headquarters, "> band
and companies K; M and L of th* Elev
enth Infantry." - . ? ¦ r-
Fire • in , Treasury ; Department.
WASHINGTON, Nov.! 30.— At 11:30 to
day flre was discovered in room 00," on- the
third floor, of the Treasury Department!
which is occupied by the auditors for the.
Interior Department. It destroyed .some
temporary supplies used in the office. The
loss is small. The cause of the, fire is not
definitely known, but is supposed to have
been either from spontaneous ¦ combustion
or a defective flue.
E.ENEW EFFOBTS TO CAUSE
DISMISSAL OF POLICEMEN
NEW YORK. Nov. 3O.-Frank Moss has
sent to Governor Roosevelt, Mayor Van
Wyck, the .Police Board and the District
Attorney communications, regarding • the
late negro riots and the part taken by* the
police, especially in the investigation or
dered by the Mayor. The communication
was signed by W. H. Brooks, president of
the Citizens' Protective League, an organ
ization of colored people. With each com
munication is sent' a copy of numerous
witnesses' testimony of clubbings by tbe
police during the riots. yTiie object ia to
have the policemen who did the clubbing
and the officials who, the league declares,
are shielding them prosecuted and driven
off the police force.
Mr. Brooks writes to the Governor that
tbe Police Commissioners have discon
tinued their investigations, pigeonholed
complaints against ; higher officials and
have not preferred a charge against a sin
gle 1 1 ill i 1 1 Hi 111 i iilirylHi''"'F*|i' a lliiWll | 'w lii»"il~[
The Governor Is asked to consider the
matter sent to him to the end that he may
take action. The letters to the Mayor, and
the other officials cover the same ground.
JIBS. VAN WEBT IS GIVEN
SENTENCE OF TEN YEARS
Threw, Vitriol in the Face of Mrs.
Alice Hemmel, Thereby Caus-
Ing Her Death.
ing nxx ueatn.
VAN WBRT, ¦"•• Ohio, . Nov. . SO.— Mrs.
Emma. Van .TVert, indicted' f or murder; In
the : first ¦ degree for having caused the
deathof Mrs. Alice Hemmel, by/ throwing
vitriol in U her J face on September 23, : thJa
evening: pleaded guilty to manslaughter
and was sent to the Ohio Penitentiary, for
ten years., ' ':'.-'- '¦¦-¦ "
The case was to have been assigned for
trial to-day, but by arrangement between
relatives of the accused and the prosecut
ing attorney a plea of manslaughter was
accepted.- ' '¦' : ' ¦ -.¦"'¦: -. ; ' :- ¦¦¦ '-¦-¦¦ '• ¦ •'•
Mrs.' Van ' Wert was immediately taken
to the -penitentiary- ' She has never dis
closed tlie ' motive of I her crime , and has
never ? publicly % expressed i regret > for • It.
"Dooley" Seriously 111. .
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.—Findley P. Dunne,
author ¦:. of the * "Dooley" pa peri / and for
manyj years • an active newspaper, man of
Chicago, is ¦ dangerously. Ill with pneumo
nia at St.. Luke's; Hospital. Mr. <• Dunne
waa taken ill in his apartment in the Vir
ginia/ Hotel, but was removed; to the hos
pitaF by .the advice of: his physicians.
Bishop Sale Dying.y
: ¦ SPRINGFIELD^; HO Nov. 80.—Bishop
Beymour, .who returned to 1 the o^ty to-day
from Cairo, I wherejbe ha* beenjn attend
ance ¦• on Bishop i Charles i R. H*le. \- says
Bishop Ilajo may: linger, for a week or. ten
days Dut I there is I no hope; for bis i recov-
Visit of the Kentucky Causes
the Sultan to Hasten
Payment.
Special IMspateh to The Call
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHING-TON, Nov. SO.— If Tur
key should settle direct with the Ameri
can missionaries, who filed claims for
$90,000 with the State Department, no com
plaint will be made by the administra
tion. It is conceded by some that this
may be the result of the visit of the Ken
tucky. The authorities insist that the
United States cannot afford to accept a
settlement of the claims under cover of
a ship contract, but it. has no control
over the claimants. Such a course would,
however, probably be welcomed by the
authorities. In the case of Frank Pears,
who was murdered In Honduras, while
the Government was insisting upon the
payment of an indemnity of $10,000, the
heirs were conducting private .negotia
tions with Honduras. In the interest \ of
the future protection of American inter
ests the department deemed it advisable
to continue to press the claim, with the
result that it was patti.
It was learned to-night that Mr. Gris
com had sent a cablegram to I Secretary
Hay. which indicates that the Turkish
claims may soon be satisfactorily set
tled. All that the officials would say
was that the information is encouraging.
LONDON, Dec. 1.— "It Is probable, '
eays the Constantinople correspondent of
the Standard, "that the contract for a
cruiser to be built In the United States
will be canceled as soon as the Kentucky
departs, for it is difficult to see how the
money is to be found."
A Renter dispatch from Constantinople
says it is suggested that Russia Is
prompting the Forte to refuse to grant
an exequatur to Dr. Norton. The dis
patch adds: "It- is an open secret that
they dislike the foreign consuls in Asia
Minor, especially the Americans, whom
they suspect of aiding the American mis
sion work in Armenia." ¦ ¦ .
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. , 29 (Thurs
day).—The opinion is expressed in diplo
matic circles that the American claims
arising from the Armenian ¦ massacres
"may now be regarded as practically set
tled, as an irade providing for the build
ing of a cruiser in the United • States is
officially promulgated."
The question- of the consulate at Har
poot remains open, th«o :- Porte < persisting
In Its refusal to gVant an exequatur to
Dr. Thomas H. Norton. The moral ef
fect, however, created by the presence of
the United States battle-ship Kentucky
at Smyrna in support of the representa
tions of the American legation, taken In
conjunction with the settlement of the
other claims, leads the legation ..- to hope
for an early arrangement of all outstand
ing dlfferencei.
TURKEY WILL
PAY THE CLAIMS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 30.— A man giv
ing his name as W. C Welch and C. B.
Cross, but who is said to be C. B. Holmes
with a family at Pasadena, Cal., was ar
rested here to-day and held for the au
thorities of :. Windsor,- Canada, where he
is wanted for drugging and robbing a
woman whom he had married a few hours
before. The woman arrived this evening
and identified him. 'She said she , was
formerly Mrs. Hallie E. Norton, a widow,
living In "Vernon, Mich., a short distance
from Detroit. November 10 a matrimonial
advertisement appeared in Detroit, and
she and Welch, alias Cross, alias Holmes,
became acquainted. After a week's corre
spondence they became engaged, and she
went to Detroit to meet him. This was
November 17. That night they crossed the
river' to Windsor, Ont., and were married.
They stayed at the Manning House, and
when she awoke the following morning
her husband was gone. with $700 of her
money. *
Mrs, Welch says she drank beer that
was drugged by her new husband. The
matter was reported to the authorities,
and Welch was traced to this city, where
he was captured while Inquiring for mall
at the postoilice. Mrs. Welch has six
children in Vernon, but no property.
When arrested Welch had 5114 in his
pockets ¦ and - {300 . In a sock. Before the
arrival of his bride to-day Welch began
habaeas corpus proceedings in the Crim
inal Court. .This afternoon the proceed
ings were ended and Weloh was turned
over .to the. United States Marshal to
night. The wronged wife said she had
learned since her husband deserted her
that he had a family in Pasadena. If this
proves true Welch will be prosecuted for
bigamy If he ¦ falls of conviction for the
robbery, In Windsor. : v
Arrest of a Married Man for
Crimes Committed in
Canada. -
DRUGS, ROBS HIS
BRIDE AND FLEES
Special Dispatch to The Cu.lL
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL., WASHINGTON, Nov. SO.— No ob
jection will be made by. this Government
to punitive expeditions sent to different
sections of China by other nations. This
decision was reached at a meeting of the
Cabinet to-day, when Secretary Hay
brought to the attention of the President
and his colleagues dispatches handed to
him by Wu Ting Fang from Viceroys of
Southern China appealing to this Gov
ernment to use Its Influence to prevent the
dispatch of a punitive expedition to the
province of Shansi. The authorities will
not permit the American troops to take
part in any attack on peaceful Chinese,
and It is believed that the attitude adopt
ed by this Government will have a . salu
tary effect on Europe.
Secretary Hay has received information
showing that in compliance with the in
structions sent him on Tuesday, Minister
Conger has '.[ recommended negotiations
contemplating ¦ a modification of the de
mands adopted by the foreign Ministers.
It is presumed that he has prepared pro
posals of a moderate character suggested
by. the Secretary of State, and that he
will receive counter proposals from his
colleagues which will be based upon the
instructions given them.
, LONDON, Dec 1, 8:20 a. m.— The Spec
tator in a striking article dealing with
the Chinese crisis expresses the opinion
that the most, recent occurrences in Pe
king foreshadow a Chinese victory over
the allies. "The Quarrel has. been
brought to a test of force,". it says, "and
force on the civilized side has proved in
sufficient. This result is mainly due to
the attitude of Russia and • the United
States. If China escape with the payment
of - a small Indemnity and many prom
ises on paper, , as seems not unlikely,
since Germany and Great Britain may
not be willing to incur the. expenditure
and '- risk involved in persisting In their
demands, it will be equivalent to a vic
tory for China, as nothing has occurred
that will convince the Chinese that their
mighty Empress has been , defeated or
that Europe can avenge any future mas
nnrrn " i ,i)|ffl' \jrgfltttKmRMTttWtttnfMnA
The Shanghai < correspondent of the
Morning- Post, wiring , yesterday..- pays:
"Despite the ¦ cordial reception • fciven Ad
miral ; Seymour the situation is .un
changed. The Hankow Viceroy refuses
to stop sending supplies to the court un
less the Nanking viceroy- will also refuse,
and/ the ¦ latter, -r although', he undertakes
to send ; no more arms, says he must con
tinue sending supplies bo long as the Em
peror, requires them. : In fact, all our re
monstrances amount to is a miserable
farce." "We - have • not ¦ the " courage to i do
more ' than ' talk. In the Chinese theater
here the allies are represented as soldiers
who: do, nothing but talk until their ca
reer is ' ended 1 by decapitation."
Dying 1 of* Smoker's Cancer.
; ; NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— George S. Jewell
is dead \ at his \ home • in ; Brooklyn, : in his
fifty-second ' year, ; from Vamoker's cancer
of the tongue. He was in business first
In the firm of Smith A Jewell, then Jewell
Brothers and afterward the Jewell -Milling
Company, .of which he ,was secretary. He
left ft when ; It became the Jones-Hecker-
Jewell ; Milliner Company.*
Relative of Washington Dead.
WASHINGTON,' Nov. 'SO.-Mlss Eugenia
Washington? great ; grandniece of General
Wajflilntfton,*- on* of the •.founders ?<* th*
Society « ©* * Daughters < of *, the, American
Revolution I and - president of • we - Boeie ty
of Founders find Patriots, dltd In this city
this monuoB. '.'.' -::¦"¦¦ ~ • - ¦¦:•:
tive Expeditions.
Administration Does: Not,
However, Object to Puni-
AMERICAN TROOPS
TO TAKE NO PART
NON-ALCOHOLIC
MEDICINE URGED
W. C T. U. Committee to Is
sue Memorial to the'.
Physicians.
WASHINGTON. Nov. SO.— The general
executive committee and the official board
of the evangelical department of the \V.
C. T. L". held meetings here to-day, pre
liminary lo the annual convention of the
union that opens In this city Sunday. The
executive committee was presided over
by Mrs. Lillian M. N. Stevens of Maine.
the national president of the W. C. T. l_\,
and representatives from nearly all the
States "attended. It was voted that the
national officers Issue a twentieth century
memorial to the physicians of America
urging the adoption of non-alcoholic med
icine. •
Mrs. Cordelia Moots, president of the
Manila I'nion. was decided upon for ap
pointment as the official representative
in th* Philippine Islands. The union
hopes soon to open in Manila a home for
RoldierF and sailors.
A Texas committee submitted a me
morial on the need of relief for the Gal
veston flood sufferers and It is probable
the national body will make an appropria
tion for that purpose.
illss Clara Parrish, general secretary
of the young people's branch, reviewed
her work In Japan. Burmah and India.
Mrs. Lucv Thurman. superintendent of
national colored work, fpoke of what the
young people's branch in the South was
doing for purity and industry. The offi
cial board also transacted some prelim
inary busing*.
6T. LOUIS, Nov. 30.— Judge Thayer In
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals to-day rendered his decision on the
appeal of John W. Gates et al. for the ap
pointment of a receiver for the Guardian
Trust Company of Kansas City, and is
sued an order appointing Hon. Francis M.
Black to that position with a bond of $100 -
000.
The court finds that for the protection
of all Interests it is best to place the as
sets of the trust company. in the custody
of a competent receiver until a final de
cree shall be rendered, or until some ar
rangement shall be made among the
shareholders which will enable the com
pany to resmue Its business with adequate
capital and conduct it on proper lines. In
his opinion Judge Thayer said:
"The proof 6hows with reasonable cer
tainty that the officers and directors of
the defendant company have made a prac
tice of organizing other corporations to
engage In various enterprises of a highly
speculative character; that funds of the
company to a large amount have been in
vested in the stock and lands of such con
cerns which had at the time no market
value; that money In considerable sums
had been loaned to such companies, some
times upon their stock as collateral and
on other occasions without any security;
that some of these enterprises have
proved absolute failures, and that the
money invested therein had been wholly
lest, while other of such enterprises are
in a precarious condition and the outcome
thereof is doubtful and uncertain.
•••Moreover. In some cases. If not in all.
there appears to have been such identity
In the personnel of the governing bodies
Of these corporations and the governing
body of the trust company that it is im
possible to believe that the Interests of
either were properly guarded In any of the
transactions and dealings which occurred
between them. -'I nil" HIM
"In addition to the acts aforesaid the
proof shows that the defendant company
has made large investments In real prop
erty apparently without a shadow, of au
thority under Its charter. Such unauthor
ised investments have resulted in the
locking up of the company's available
means and impairing: its usefulness.
••Furthermore, the court entertains no
doubt that the defendant company has
paid one and probably several dividends
out of Its general fund that was not
earned, such payments being made for the
purpose of allaying suspicion as to the
condition of the company and creating a
false Impression that It was In a prosper
ous condition."
The court is of the opinion that the act
creating trust companies does not author
lie the acquisition of securities by such
companies either as an Investment or as
collateral for lefans unless they have an
ascertainable market value and may be
properly termed "investment' securities."
In accordance with these views, the
court finds that It Is unsafe for the com
pany to continue the further transaction
of its customary business until It has real
ized upon some of its assets and liquidated
its present Indebtedness.
Court Names Receiver for
the Guardian Trust of
Kansas City.
FINDS EVIDENCE
OF GROSS FRAUDS
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
eohol upon a husband, fatbar or son. Wits
the assistance of others she perfected tha orig-
inal treatment and now offer* to send this
treatment free to any distressed wifs. mother
or sister who will write foe It. Mra. Hawkins'
great desire is that every women who naeda
this medicine will write at one* to har »¦*
get It.
Mrs. : Hawkins treasures hundreds at tsrtj-
Btonials received from thankful friend*, go*
holds each grateful letter sacred, but tho fol-
lowing are published "<by the request of the
writers) in the hope that they may be the
means of hastening others to write and get
the treatment:
_Mr». May Hawkins, Grand Rapids. Mich.— My
Dear P"rt*nd: You have been the means of
bringing sunshine into my home. Last August
I got your remedy and began giving it to my
husband and from that time until the pres-
ent he haa- not taken a drop at any kind of
sicohollc drinks. I cannot »ay . too much Tor
what your »m«dy has done for me and I unr.
It u i helper to any mother, sister or wi;»
who snail need it. Tours sincerely.
East Hampton, Me. MRS.H. A. LAXR.
Mjr Dear Friend: I am very pleased to say
you brought happiness to our. home. My hus-
bend hits never drank a drop of liquor since h»
began taking your treatment. Bis appetite for
drink has entirely left him sad he says he will
never touch a drop again as long a* he lives.
I thank - God for this, for since he has quit
drinking he Is altogether a different man.
Please use 'my letter, because my husband Is
well known bjr ail glass workers and he wants
others to know what has been done for him,
Elwood. Ind. MR3. WM. KRAMER.
Dear Mrs. Hawkins: I feel that I must re-
tarn thanks to you (or the comfort that I feel.
It was through your advertisement In tha
papers that I first heard of your remedy that
has entirety cured my son. He can't bear tha
smell ef any kind of drink. O that ¦ It was
In my power to do more, but I am getttnj; oil.
I will close, "thanklnc you from the depth of
my heart for your goodness to the distressed
families of the . earth. . Go forth doing good
and God will bless yoo. Tour friend, "
- Patersop. X. J. M. ANDBRSOX.
: Many other letters similar to th. above, might
b« gl*«n, but these will suffice.' Thousands
have saved their homes and loved ones by this
remedy. and yet. can be among the number t{
yon only, wish it Mrs. Hawkins treats overy
letter ah* receives sacredly confidential and
yon ased have no B— tts.ncy whatever in wrttlna
her tor asslstanea. •- Do not delay. - Write bat
to-day. -Address MBS. MAT HAWKINS,
Box 4ifc Omul B&oids. UicX
Woman Save a Drunkard.
Mrs. May Hawkins Will Help Every
Any tro» woman might well he proud to have
javtd one poor soul from the shackles of drink.
bat Vxt.. Hawkins has redeemed thousands 6y
her noble and practical work among those wha
have been viotlme of Intemperance. Mrs. itaw-
Idns tor years suffered the grief and angnUn,
shared by so many true and faithful women
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous Home Treatment
FREE fop the Asking.
of America to-day who h*ve drink-afflicted
.fathers, nosband« . or. «ont. and seeing- nothlng-
but a ¦ llf etlm* of miaery for ¦ herself ; If some-
1 tl> tax . w»s not - don*. " *h« ¦ determined to over-
corns thld f aarf al evil If possible. Her search
for a : harmless, perfect, tfnd . necret : home ou re
wm at last rewarded when an old friend cam*
to h«r and gave her a' remedy, which had never
been known -to : fail. : Mrs. Hawkins ' pave the
ronedy seoretlr ¦ and In a few j weeks. » to her
treat , Joy. . her ' dearest V relative , was ¦¦ entirely'
i eured of j his appetite ' for drink : and was a gain
tottored ' to j health ! and \ manhood. '¦'-, V
•:/-AHtr tbls <*on4*iful mult Alia. Hawkins 4*-
,«tA«l to «*»•*• btr IKt to «h« werk of helplnc
lh«r>tatan ttwj»li»» whom ih» found ¦uffer-
f&g M ab* h*4 iufltrea from tha effect* of «J-
" I lingered between
life and death."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
foi, and be
diagnosed my case as uterine trouble
tending to dropsy. Medicine seemed to
<*o me no good. I lingered between life
and .death for quite a while, every day
j^rowing weaker until I could not walk
across the room. My friends were look-
ing for ott death every minute. A friend
wrote and told me about Dr. R. V. Pierce,
and I at once wrote to him for medical
advice. He replied immediately, giving
me full instructions as to what to do. I
at once followed his adrice, and when I
had taken his medicine about a week I
felt a good deal stronger. When I had
taken it about one month I felt as strong
as I do to-day. I took four bottles of
each kind and two vials of «Pleaaant
Pellets. '« Many thasks for the medicine,
It has permanently aired me.*Honored Scottish Anniversary.
The St. Andrew's Society of this city
held its thirty-eighth : annual reunon and
banquet at the, Palace Hotel last evenns,
about 200 being present. The occasion also
marked the anniversary of 'St. ' Andrew's
day. - An orchestra contributed familiar
Scottish airs while the banqueters were
partaking of . a bountiful menu. Toasts
were responded to by James S. Web3ter
whose subject* was "St." Andrew's Day" '
Rev. Dr. Robert Mackenzie, "The Land
We Left"; Horace O. Platt,' "The Land
We Live In," and Hugh Websfeiy "The
Lassies." A quartet composed of Messrs
Park; Bremner. Fyf e and Blair gave sev-
; eral plsaslng vocal selections and ' the
festivities. concluded, witb. dancing.
Handball Entries.
.-.On : Sunday-, the '/- following .. handball
games will be ; played at *the San Ffan
clsco courts: ; ' : ,\-.\ ¦'¦'/.* '•'¦ ¦• '-,.1 > ;¦.,:"¦-' ,
- W.: Walsh? and -. R. i 1 Longabach " vs.; H.
; H. ! Lissner ; and J. ¦ J. Kavanaugh ; < G. ; Mc-
Donald and H. Racoullet vs. P.: McKlnnon
and M.yMcNeillji P.} Ryan and/W.jH.: Sle
berst vs! ",G.™ B. \ Hay ward and ' W. i Fisher ;
W.i "Williams and J.' Lawless vs.'M.;Basch
and T. r Foley ; ; S. ' McVicker . and G.^ Smith
vs. rj." Condon' and' T.i Leach; : 'E.y White
and J.'Killian ys, A. Whlteman and Mor
ris i Levy ; : J. v R.", Bockman and D. J. Shee
han' vs. -I** Waterman : and' E3. ¦'< McDonough •
J.rRiordan'and .W."" Maguire vs. J. Harlow
and- B:'- €urley;*-M.- J. -Kilgallon-' and- A
Hampton vs.: J,. White and j.. Collins. ; - *"'
BRITISH SEAMEN ON
THE FOOTBALL FIELD
Match Against a Sailors'
Institute Team.
Vamplres Will Play an Association
The Vampire -Association; Football Club
was Invited to send "a team up to Redding
on : Thanksgiving * day. to • play j against I an
eleven > of the Mountain Copper Companv
club. J But the -notice given was too short
*to: get: an ieleven together. \- It is 'possible
that'-a-' team from this? city may ivinit
Shasta County, at Christmas. •
;• This • afternoon on ; the : Presidio athletic
grounds, the Vampires wlllplay a match
against a team selected by, the Rev A b
L/Kansey,' chaplainof the Seamen's '•in
stitute..Foiv the -Vampires -W. P. Hum
phreys will >be i goalkeeper, H.~ V. Turner
and J.D. Robertson wiir play fullback- J
% B. Duggan; Jonn McGaw and "A. W. wild-
KANE OUTCLASSED BY
SHIFTY HARRY LYONS
Decision Awarded to Chicago Lad
After Six Rounds of Game
FIghtlng-\
DENVER, Nov.* . 30. — Harry Lyons of
Chicago won from Jack Kane of Jan
Francisco in the seventh round of what
was to have been a ten-round go before
the Colorado Athletic Association to
night. .
With : Kane's left eye swollen ehut and
his face and- breast covered with . blood
flowing in streams from his nose. Referee
English awarded the fight to Lyons at
the end of the seventh round. It was a
humane step, as Kane's condition was
pitiable.
Kane was, very game, however, and
willingly mixed it up with- Lyons, al
though his damaged eyesight prevented
anything like accurate work.: Lyons out
classed Kane in every. way and finished
the', fight" without: a , scratch and In ap
parently-as good condition as when he
entered the ring.
SAN MATEO HUNTERS
RIDE AFTER COYOTE
Beast Proved Too Slow and Was
.-'Caught' After. a Short Run
of Two Miles.
The meet * of the San Mateo County
Hunt Club will take place to-day at Reid's
School. Belmont,: at 2:30 p. m. The meet
on Thanksgiving day /was at the'Burlln
game Stock Farm, when a field of a dozen
or • more , enjoyed a pleasant run of about
five miles. Afterward ; a coyote was let
loose; buthe did not turn out to.be very
fast and was caught and killed after a
run of hardly two miles. .; ,
The pack will meet at 2 p.m. next ; Wed
.nesday . at the : Poor Farm gate - on \ the
Spanishtown road, v Next -Saturday : the
meet, will ," be . at- Uncle Tom's Cabin, San
Bruno; During, the absence of F. J. Caro
lan.the pack la hunted.by the huntsman.
The master of the hunt is expected to re
turn , to ; Calif ornia^in about two :. weeks,
.when he will, assume control of the sport,
.which will be! conducted in strict*accord
ance witlutha practice in, vogue ,in the
Eastern States. V»i§Sfw(^S3iwSa^S5H^ ; %|:-i
STORM-SCATTERED
v^ BIRDS RETURNING
Good Shootlnsr Is Expected During
the Week— Quail Plentiful
in Mann-
The storms of last week scattered the
ducks and the shooters were all in a
quandary last Saturday and Sunday on
the Suisun marshes. Not a club in that
locality had what was considered any
thing of a shoot and all the gunners re-
turned home disgusted and disgruntled.
Toward the end of the week, after the
north wind be.ian to blow, the ponds
showed more of the feathered tribe and
those few men who could get away from
town on. Wednesday found the sport
much Improved.
The shooting clubs will be well packed
to-morrow with ardent Nlmrods, all being
most anxious to take advantage of che
present conditions.
Quail and snipe are still Plentiful. In
Mar In and San Mateo counties and all
through the interior quail abound and are
easily got at. This year has been a record
breaker for snipe In certain localities.
YACHTSMEN AT PEACE
WITH SAUSALITO TOWN
If Barrels or Bubys Are In the Way
of Government Ships They
Will Be Removed.
The yacht owners and the Town Council
of Sarsalito have reached an amicable
agreement ¦with regard to the unoccupied
moorings off the clubhouse of the San
Francisco Yacht Club. Ordinance No. 70
was passed by the Town Council May 3.
1S97, but though it created some little stir
at the time has been allowed to remain
inoperative. It gives power to the presi
dent of the Board of Trustees, who was
at the time of Its passage General J. H.
Dickinson but is now Adolph Sylva, to re
quire any yacht anchored or moored with
in the waters over which the Council has
jurisdiction to move or change her" an
chorage or mooring whenever in his Judg
ment it shall be necessary for any pur
pose. The violation of the ordinance may
be punished by f. fine of not more than Ko,
and a further fine of (5 for each day that
the ''vessel remains at her mooring, after
notice. The Town Council naturally
wisiies to promote the prosperity of Bau-
Falita and -to encourage the adoption of
the town aB a wintering place for revenue
cutters, survey and other Government ves
sels. Adolph fiylva says that while he
would not ask that any yacht lying at her
moorings should be removed, he does not
think that the floats connected with un
used moorings should be' permitted to
block the bay and to keep away vessels
the presence of which, with scores or hun
dreds of men on board, mean much to the
tradespeople of Sausalito. F. A. Hyde,
charterer of the yawl Royal and a mem
ber of the San Francisco Yacht Club, was
unable to be present at the meeting of .the
vacht owners last Sunday, but gave it as
his opinion as a lawyer that, even if the
town ordinance should prove defective or
inoperative, there are United States stat
utes governing the matter, and a moor
ing once removed under them could never
be replaced. The schooner Ramona, owned
by Supervl«<or and Commodore W: N. Mc-
Carthy, is lying at her own moorings, the
yawl • Tramontana is at the moorings of
the Lurllne and two or three small sloops,
among which are the Dewey and Juanlta,
are also moored -In the deep water chan
nel off the clubhouse. The mooring buoys
or barrels of the yachts Sappho, White
Wings, Folly and Lurllne are those that
chiefly interfere with the anchorage. \ If
any Government vessel comes into Sausa
lito and her commander complains that
certain mooring barrels are In the way of
his craft taking up a suitable and con
venient anchorage the commodore will no
tify the owner to remove the float and
drop his mooring chain to the bottom. The
schooner Chlspa has already done this and
has taken up a mooring to the north of
the ferry slip, where are lying the steam
yacht El Primero. the schooners Virginia
White Wings, Aggie and Lurllne the yawl
Phyllis and some sloops.'- It ¦will not be
i necessary to remove; the moorings them
! selves, but only the floats and the ropes
attached thereto. The lines can : then •; be
connected with other, buoys or, barrels, so
that when the yachts come back in the
"spring they can readily pick up - their
chains..
OAKLAND DOG SHOW
WILL BE A SUCCESS
Many Entries Vet to Be Heard
From Betokens a Big Bench
Display Across the Bay.
"With the exception of the mail -from the
north, the entries for the show to be held
in Oakland on the 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th of
this month have been received and tabu
lated. "While they are not quite up to the
standard set by the. bench show commit
tee, yet. they betoken a great improve
ment on the number drawn by the recent
Sacramento arid Tanforan shows.
.The Judge, E.Davles of Dewdnejr.'B. C.
while an unknown, quantity in California,
has given uniform satisfaction at the
shows he has judged in the north and,
moreover, enjoys the. added prestige of a
successful career in the judging ring in
England. It goes without . saying that the
prospect of having an expert of this cali
ber pass on a dog has induced many fan
ciers to enter." The northern entry is esti
mated to consist -of about" twenty-three
dogs and thirty entries; the number of
dogs entered already is 164, the, individual
entries amounting to 194, which" will make
a grand total! when all are in of 189 dogs
and 224 entries. ¦
Among the dogs to be exhibited are sev
eral new arrivals on the coast, notably a
Boston terrier just broughfout by Thom
as H. Williams Jr., and the great prize
winning fox terrier JVibo, purchased by
Charles K. Harley. This dog has done
considerable winning in England and has
had . since his importation from that coun
try a most successful career in the East
ern bench shows. - •
The Pacific Coast Field Trials Club has
announced the definite choice of; the club
for this year's field trials to be Coronado,
North . Island being the site • selected.
Thomas Johnsonof "Winnipeg" who gave
such satisfaction as Judge on his last oc
casion, will again officiate at the coming
trials.
NATATORIAL CONTESTS
AT THE SUTRO BATHS
Short Races, Trick and -Fancy
Spring-Board Diving: and
Under-Water Events.
Following are the entries for the swim
ming contests at Sutro Baths Sunday, De
cember 2:
60-yard dash. Juveniles— P. Sunberg, H.
Heinz. C. Crist. J. Dixon, D. Kerwln, A-
Martinez, K.. Springer. C Lmndln, E.
"Wells, S. Grueman, E. Egan, C. Donovan,
B. Winfleld, E. "Wolfe, W. Stockton. T.
McKillop. F. Clough, H. Leicken. P. Ry
an, P. Logan. C, Augustus, L. Boudln. "W.
Carroll, I* James, J\ Burns. S. Flnnigan,
J. Erasmy and J. Dollar.
Under water . swimming, • tub race, high
diving for boys— open to all.
100-yard race, a^nateurs — J. Johnson. P.
Logan, R. Riding. A. Clayton. C. Curran.
H. DodBon, "W. Wallace, J. Ringrose, "VV.
McGulre. F. Crowder, Q. Kelber. C. Fred
ericks, W. Cook, R. Cordell, L. Haywards.
T. Carter, F. Brown and .C. Butterworth.
• Trick and fancy springboard diving— W.
Carroll, L. Boudln, M. Cannody, K. Rals
ton. T. Thompson, G. Dodson, J. Bradley.
C. Harnes. H. Sunberg," P. Levin, J. Par
sons and I* Martin. ¦
Games Games Percent-
Won. Lost.' age.
Sacramento .'.......... . 48 . . 35 .S7S
San Francisco ........ 47 41 .634
Stockton S3 it ,4SS
Oakland , 39 61 .433
This is the week scheduled for the clos
ing of the baseball season, one which has
been more or less lnstiumental in reviv
ing the old and long slumbering spirit 'of
the fanatic. Although the champions of
last year.' Sacramento, began this season
with even a greater, set of .twlrlers than
wore the gilt the preceding year that club
was by no means the undoubted cham
pion until about six weeks ago, .when the
local team lost its winning stride. Then
Sacramento forged ahead, leading' the
local team easily for first honors. • Sac
ramento wiir wave the pennant another
year.
¦ The season started off in doubt and un
certainty as far as the relative merit cf
the teams went. Sacramento, fortified by
Hughes, was rated the stronger; Stockton,
with an aggregation of hitters second to
none, was considered a good second; Oak
land, I looking very well on paper, was
more or less enigmatical, and San Fran
cisco was proclaimed the sure tail-ender.
At this time the local team was in a form
ative state, waiting for a shortstop and a
¦-first baseman. • ¦¦¦-¦• '
Until the season was fairly well ad
vanced the teams ranked in the above
order. San Francisco began to play bet
ter ball about two months after the open
ing and by a series of victories . snot
ahead ' of Oakland. Then came the race
for second place and in steady, currential
fashion the locals outdistanced Stockton.
During the last four months San Francis
co has-been occupying the second placa,
Stockton third and Oakland fourth.
The struggle for first place between San
Francisco and Sacramento In the middle
of the season and that of a month ago
were the sensational epochal stages.- For
both. 7 these series crowds turned out that
flooded the. grounds and: there was every
bit as much excitement as In the old "hal
cyon days." The character of the games
was such that the sated palate of the old
fanatic was tickled. Then came thera
actlon and since those noisy games the
season has worked Itself along easy paths.
- What changes are in store has <not yet
been decided upon. There has been some
talk of securing a grounds site on the
southwest corner of Eleventh and Market
streets, now occupied by a long row of
low houses. It has been 'well proved 'that
the present grounds lack space and ac
commodations for the public on big day*.
.. It is hardly, likely that a series of win
ter baseball will be played this year, as
the spirit Is averse to it.
This afternoon -on- the Recreation
grounds Oakland and San Franciaco will
begin its last series. The-.teams will line
up: ; . -"¦;.¦ ¦.,...
Oakland. ¦ ' . Position*. San Francisco. ¦
Moaklman.. ....... Pitcher . Fltzpatrlek
Man«?erina. Catcher ..,.....;..;.. Sullivan
Hutcnlnson........ First Base...;..; Pabst
ArrelanneB,;...i.;. Second 1 Base. ...... ..Schwartz
Kelly... ........ ...^Third Base.... .....Rellly
Franckn.. Shortatop ....... ..'......:Kru<
Held ...........Left: Field............... .Levy
Drennan.; (Center Field.'. ...... Brockhoff
Bo wman.......'....jRlght Field:.. ....Hildebrand
The Season Will Close
With Sacramento
Heading the List
of League Teams.
LAST OF THE
BASEBALL
SERIES.
This afternoon the> mixed foursomes
handicap of the San Francisco Golf Club.
which was postponed from November 24,
will be played on the Presidio links. The
foursomes will bo over eighteen holes,
medal play. The following ladles and
gentlemen have already paired for th.>
event: Miss Edith McBean and S. L. Ab
bot Jr., Mrs. R. Oilman Brown and R.
Gllman Brown, Mls3 Alice C. Hoffman
and "Worthlngton Ames, Miss Caro Crock
ett and 8. H. Boardman, Miss F. E. Dun
ham and Andrew CaxTigan, Miss Hag^r
and J. H. Mee, Miss Maude Mulllns and
Dr. Clark. Miss E. "W. Morgan and H. D.
Plllsbury. J. W. Byrne and I*. O. Kel
logg have entered, bat have not yet se
lected partners.
Miss Alice C. Hoffman has been elected
captain of the ladies' team of th* San
Francisco Golf Club for tne ensuing year.
On the 26th Miss Hoffman made two
rounds of the Presidio links In £9 and 33.
respectively. On Thanksgiving day there
was a large attendance at tne San Fran
cisco course, among those present being
some ladies. Miss Edith McBean beat
Miss Morgan 8 up in a match game.
To-morrow Horace Rawlins and his
brother Harry, professionals of the Oak
land Golf Club, will pay a visit to the
new course of the Sausalito Golf Club,
which it has been necessary to lay out
again in consequence of the barracks ajid
officers' auarters to tie erected by the
Government. The course is laid out over
very rough ground and is unusually diffi
cult. The course on the Fort Baker res
ervation -was first laid out by Stephenson.
formerly Instructor of the San Francisco
Golf Club, in conjunction with Captain
T. W. M. Draper. It take9 in all the. avail
able space of the canyon, between the
fortifications and Fort Baker. The first
four boles axe over rough but not spe
cially difficult ground. The fifth hole is
a hard one, as there are several little
ravines caused by the branching of a
creek. Then the golfer pursues bis "gut
ty." having 1 to his right a steep hill and
to his left a little- gorge; next he has to
cross the ridga with two small blind
gulches against the wind. A drive down
hill across another gulch brings tha
player to the seventh, hole, between which
and tbe eighth is a .screen of trees with
a narrow opening to the right. The home
gTeen is protected by a marshy hazard.
The whole course is decidedly sporty and
the best record for the nine holes is 67.
The Government buildings have necessi
tated the rearrangement of the course, es
pecially as regards the first, fourth and
ninth holes. The putting greens are not.
to speak accurately, "greens" at all. ad
It has not been found possible to convey
the water necessary to keep turf green.
They are of cUr.and sand, rolled smooth
and hard. G^/eral Shafter has been very
kind in f>erm! ;ting the green committee of
the Sausallt'i Golf Club to lay out the
course In an/ part of '.he reservation and
the changes rendered necessary by the
erection of the soldiers* quarters are
rather beneficial than otherwise. Permis
sion has also been granted for the erec
tion of a small clubhouse. This is a per
mission never before granted on a "West
ern military reservation, even the hand
some-clubhouse at the Presidio standing
entirely clear of the Government grounds
Notwithstanding: the- wet and muddv
weather of last Sunday some progress
was made In the tournament on the Fort
Baker links. In the mixed foursomes Mis-*
Mabel Mason and J. M. Kllsrarif defeated
Mrs/Mason and Captain T. W. M. Dra
per 3 up. Miss Mason playing a steady
game throughout. In the men's com?i v 
titlon Leonard Chenery defeated H. Clay
Miller, the winner's score for eighteen
holes being 74 and the loser's 99. L. Chen
ery played a good long Frame and putted
accurately. Play was continued on
Thanksgiving day.
Tbe famous golfers. "Willie Smith ar.d
David Bell, are to be brought ouL to Cali
fornia by. the Santa Fe Railroad Company
for a 'series of exhibition games. Willie
Smith -won the open championship of tin
United States in 1S99 and David Bell whs
beaten In Uw open championship of this
year only by Varden and Taylor, the two
greatest . living golfers.
NEWS OF THE
GOLF CLUB
EXPERTS.
Professionals From
Oakland Will Try
to Pull Down the
Sausalito Record.
DATES FIXED
FOR RACING
STAKES.
Betting Ring Was
Toasted Thursday.
Barney Schreiber
No Holiday Man.
A matter of interest to horsemen is the
fixing of dates by the California Jockey
Club for the deciding of its future stakes,
•which are herewith given: • s . '¦''•'-
Special events to be run at the Oakland
racetrack:
Monday. December *— $500; the Monday
handicap for 2-year-olds and upward; one mile
and a sixteenth.
Thursday, December »—$*»; the Shasta.
Water handJtap for 2-year-olds and upward;
one mile.
Saturday. December S— J1000; the Emeryville
handicap for 2-yea.r-olds and upward; one
mile-
Monday, December 10— $750; ths Go'.den Gate
baafileaD. a renewal of the Golden Gate Selling
stake; seven furlong*. | ,-;••'.¦
¦U'^dnesday. December 12 — $500; the.- Fresno
selling: purse for 2-year-olds and upward; one
mile and a half.
Thursday, December 1J— $1000; December
handicap for 2-year-olds and upward; one mile
and a furlong.
Thursday, D«OTber 13— *J00; the Sacramento
handicap tor 2- year-olds: seven furlongs.
Friday. December 14— $000; the' Ban Jose
handicap for 3-year-olds: .one mile.
Saturday, December IS— $1000; the Burlingarae
selling stakes for S-ycar-olds and upward; one
mile and a sixteenth.
Faiurlay. January &— J1500; the Najrlee sell
ing etaJces; eeven furlongs.
Thursday. Jsnuary 10— J1500; the McLaughlln
selling ettkei; on* mile and a sixteenth.
Saturday, January 12— J1W<>; the Follansbee
handicap; »v«n furlong*.
Saturday. January IS — J15O0; the Liseak
handicap; one mile. ;-- "•"-'•-:
Saturday, February 16— flO.OCO; the Burns
handicap; one mile and a quarter..
Saturday. February 23— trtOO; the r&lace Ho
tel handicap; one mile and a furlong.
Thursday. Starch 14— *1500; the Ouast handi
cap; one mile and a sixteenth.
Saturday. March 16— $3000; tbe Thornton
stakes; four miles.
Saturday. March 23— Paclffc-Unlon handicap
for »-year-olds; one mile .and a furlone.
Saturday. April 13 — $2000; tbe Oebhard handi
cap fcr 2-year-olds; futurity course. .
On the way out to Tanforan Park
Thanksgiving day Barney Schrelber re
marked to some friends that he could
sever win on a holiday and was undecided
ts to whether he would cut in. The de
lightful weather and the big crowd had a
•oftening effect and Barney laid* prices
along with twenty-two other bookies. It
was the same old story, for he quit the
afternoon Just $2500 loser. But the St.
Louis man was not the only one to grab
the burnt end of the stick. Ai Dobson
and Henry Harris, booking under the
name of the Yosemlte Club, dropped like
amounts; George Rose, Johnny Coleman
ana", in fact, nearly every firm chalking
odds received a peppering. Figuring up
yesterday, one penciler estimated that the
ring must have lost fully $40,000. Not even
the field books escaped. While the regu
lars perhaps did not beat every race, the
holiday guessers proved a very wise gath
ering, not given up to shooting at the
moon.
. It looks very much a* If Winnie O'Con
nor, the New York graduate from Father
"BUI" Daly's riding academy, is slated to
become the idol this winter of local race
goer*. Winnie exercise* excellent Judg
ment In piloting his mounts and at the
end puts up a spectacular finish, bound
to captivate the fair sex in the stand.
"Monk" Coburn started out not unlike
the singing of a gale blowing at the rate
of 100 miles an hour, but the last few days
has faded away to a mild summer zephyr.
"Monk" had tbe leg up on some very
short ones in the betting of late and • by
tome hook or crook has succeeded in get
ting beaten. A series of ill luck ha*
soured the fickle public, and "Monk" for
the time foHng is a shattered IdoL
In summing up the lack of proper trans
portation facilities to Tanforan Park.
Charles Fair vat not Inclined to blame
the railroad company for Thursday's de
lavs and mistakes. Hundreds came up
from the vicinity of Stanford University
to witness tbe football game, and tbe poor
Southern Pacific had not rolling stock
t-novKh to accommodate the crush.
One smart young "feller" more than
made expenses through the delay on
ThankBgiving day. Reaching a telephone
somewhere in the neighborhood of the de-
Mt at Third and Townsend streets, he
gfted-np » «*« ****** 'WIT P rtces/ .
CALIFORNIA'S
ELEVEN THE
BEST.
Opinion . of Football
Men* as to the
Merits of the Two
University Teams..
The general opinion among football men
In regard to the Thanksgiving day gams
is that the better, team lost: This may
seem antithetical, but It is pretty much of
a fact, nevertheless, and the game be
tween Stanford cand California this year
was an example ¦ of what well-directed,
chanceful endeavor will do on the football
field.
During the first half of the game the
ball was in Stanford's possession on so
few occasions as never to give California
the least cause of apprehension. From
Palo Alto came the glowing accounts of
superior offense, but on the field and
against the foe Stanford's aggressive tac
tics came to a. sudden halt. . California,
on the other hand, plunged through the
Stanford line for consistent, appreciable
gains and twice in this half was within
scoring distance. Once Stanford's line
took on a bit of mucilage and held fast,
California losing 1 the ball on downs. The
second time, with but a few yards to gain,
Womble gave the signal for a drop Kick,
a try for goal which failed. It seems
strang-e that another attempt to gain the
necessary distance was not made. Stan
ford's line had been found puncturable
enough up to that time and the' uncer
tainty of a Held goal should ha\;e per
suaded California to try for a touchdown.
In this half California's defense was
superb and her team play offensive, far
better than Stanford's though none too
good at that. In fact, the only semblance
of team work In the lirst part of the game
was displayeoby California, Stanford be
ing pretty mucn at, sea in this regard.
Later on Stanford pulled together and
then her offensive work was of better
quality. In the second half the cardinal
had tne blue and gold on the run for a
time, but whenever the ball was perilously
near the California goal posts nothing
could be done to advance it. Twice place
kick tries for goals were made, but with
out success. Then, as a last desperate
chance, Traeger did the trick' that won
the game.
The most noticeable feature of the game
was California's losses- in punting. More
ground was lost in this way than the
bucking gains of the eleven could i com
pensate in the second half. To fortify
and augment these losses came the extras
by way of handling kicks. It is a remark
able thing that with backs such as Cali
fornia possesses, such poor * handling of
kicks should be a feature of their play.
The .veriest preparatory school 1 football
player could Handle punts as well as 'the
California backs ; did Thursday.' This it
is that lost California the game. When
Gammon dropped a punt on ¦; the ' thirty
yard line and a red shirt fell •' on, the ball,,
this was a costly play, for soon after the
field goal was kicked.
From the standpoint of football Thurs
day's gsftne was glittering only -in its
errors. > Compared with • ' the California
team of last year, this year's eleven . is
like a steam dummy to a modern locomo
tive.. The concentration of effort and the
ability to take full advantage of accidents
and incidents of the game were lacking.
This may have been due to the. pejorative
conditions existing at . California, the ne
cessity of trying new men to, fill un
expected vacancies or to mistaken judg
ment'on the field. 'And Stanford : off ereC
nothing in the way of team brilliancy to
make the football ' . enthusiast - raise , his
breath. The game was pretty. much one
of individual effort. . ; •>'-./:.-.
.Both, teams possess men who. worked
hard and earnestly and: showed 'their; full
mettle. • - The much heralded Slaker : and
Seeley did , not prove themselves superior
In any, way to. the well developed* home
material. It was only in the second half
that Slaker 1 s efforts were fruitful.: Smitn,
Erb and especially Hill of Stanford : and
Warren Smith and Gammon of California
were all in" the game and showed . it • by
their work. " • •'.- v,'. v ;,._,• ; .
Some talk is heard among the. Stanford
collegians of bringing the Harvard "team
to the coast." Just what shape Stanford
could put Itself • in ¦ to meet : Harvard ; by
Christmas Js a matter of pure * and Idle
speculation. , Steady, coaching might de
velop the present team •, into ' a> formidable
eleven, but it .would take 'long, and careful
work. to equip the cardinal with- fighting
force equal to offset the' crimson team; ¦ ; •
; The Stanford second eleven "is air ln-
viduallty in itself. All. through the season
It fougbt like, a composite demon. . A
few days v ago the second team announced
that if .the varsity men beat California—
thus establishing a reputation— it would
challenge them for a match game.
According: to intercollegiate agreement
the coaches of the university teams will
be hereafter graduates of the colleges.
Speculation is running rife among the col
lege men who will be the head coaches.
At California-' the names mentioned are
Ransome, Hall,- Pringle and -i Kaarsberg.
At • Stanford, j Fickert. -.- Fraiikenheimer.
Murphy and ¦ Reynolds. This ••.Inter
collegiate agreement, as well as that in
regard to the playing of the big game on
the college ground, is unsatisfactory to
many and may be rescinded. ; "
obtaining the results of the first two
races. Then, boarding a train, he had a
swell time laving ripe, mellow odds
aprainst the starters In those two events.
Of course, he favored the wlnpers, and is
paid to have had a $200 or $300 bank roll
by the time the track was reached.
The judges at Tanforan are still endeav
oring- to determine the ownership of Ord
nung, which some days ago won a race
with the rider wearing the colors of
"Frisco" Llnd. Pupil, owned ' by Green
Morris, finished second, and the latter
horseman protested payment of the purse
to Llnd, claiming Ordnung Is the property
of Johnny Schorr. Nine out of ten own
ers around the track believe as Mr. Mor
ris does, but still that does not make it
so. Johnny Is considered a very wily
young man, as. for Instance, last season,
when he started F. W. Brode two or three
times in the muddy going, knowing the
colt could not untrack himself in it. Then,
with everybody apparently mesmerized or
hypnotized, F. W. Brode appeared as a
starter in a cheap selling event at Oak
land. Opening at 2Vx to 1, when the price,
should have Doen 1 to 10, he won in a
romp, and the coup of the "little Boer"
was the talk of tne town that night. .
Another race that Is on the grill is the
Wooster Boy-The Lady affair. In deci
phering the change of form shown by
Louis Ezell's mare the officials might take
into consideration that Marty Bergen is
not the Bergen of ten years ago. The
rider himself may think 6O. but many a
fighter Imagined the same thing until he
entered the ring pitted against a fresh
young scrapper. After a round or two the
difference bet-ween punching a bag and
fighting then becomes apparent.
F. E. MUX.HOLLAND.
ing will be the quarterbacks, while for
wards will b© chosen from the following
named: W. Jamieson. L. E. Wallls. I* P.
Williams. R. I. Buchley. A. B. Willis, W.
Bishop, A. B. Chambers and H. C. Casidy.
The kick-off will be at 3 o'clock p. m.
Some well-known riders caught by the camera as the horses left the paddock in answer to post call at Tanforan Park. • Mounce is considered a very promising lightweight.
.' Wedderstrand is a strong finisher. Dominiek came here .with the stable of Bookmaker Fred Cook. The others are well known.
. . .'".-»• . . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' -
FOOTBALL AND BASEBALL ERAS IN THE WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 1, 1900.
4As stated exclusively In The Call *of
Thursda.y, November 29, the big race
track deal, by -which Ed Corrigan and Joe
Ullman dispose of their stock In the Ingle-
Blde track to Prince .Poniatowskl and his
associates In the San Francisco Jockey
Club, has finally been consummated.
For some days i negotiations have been
pending looking to a peaceful solution of
the local racing situation, but the negotia
tions hung flr* because of differences over
the price to be paid for the stock held by
Corrigan and Ullman.. This has now been
amicably adjusted to the satisfaction of
all parties concerned, the papers trans
ferring the stock will be drawn up by the
attorneys of each side and within a day
or two the signatures will be attached.
This action will no doubt terminate the
local turf career of Ed Corrlgah and also
of Ullman. The Master o.f Hawthorne
has given out that he will confine his fu
ture racing operations to England, while
Joe Ullman Is heavily Interested In East
ern turf ventures.
The Abbott Sold.
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— At the Faslg and
Tipton auction sale of fln« horses to-day
The Abbott, holder of the world's trotting
record, 2:03^. was sold for $26,500. The
purchaser was Fire. Commissioner John J.
Scannell of New York.
RESULTS OF RACES '
ON EASTERN TRACKS
leans, the Card at Bennlngs
Also Glvlnsr Satisfaction.
Good Sport Witnessed at New Or-
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 30.— Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Isobel won, Andes
second. Tea Gown third. Time. 1:23.
Six furlongs— Qeonf» Arab won, Duces Tecum
•ocond. Add third. Time. 1:17.
Seven furlongm— Sir Christopher won. Blocker
gpcond. Brownvall third. Time, 1:30.
• Four and a half furlongs— Kohnwreath won
Animosity second, Fleche d'Or third. Time'
1:03%. • . '
Mile and an eighth— Donna Rita won. Toloco
second, Garland Bar third. Time, 1:58.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Results at
Bennlngs: - V £¦%: %^ *
Six furlongs, selling— Island Princ» won
T?velyn Byrd second. Lexington Pirate third.
T'. me. 1:17 1-5.
Five furlongs — JH Greenwood won. Provost
second. Curtsey third. Time, 1:03 4-5
Mile- and a sixteenth, 1 selling— Sir Fitzhugh
won. Spurs second, Tyrshena third: Time"l£3
Six furlongs-r-Queen Carnival won. San Luis
second. Mistress third. Time, 1:17 2-5
Mile and forty yards— Ellen B won The
Driver second. Uncle Josh third. Time. 1:43 3-5
Mile and an eighth, handicap— Decanter won'
Alslke second. Borough third. Time 1:J6 '
Time— 8-l«, :18; 7-l«. :42: 5Hf. 1^7. Good etart. Won first thre« driving. Winner J — M.
Crane'* b. g. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder. Amasa fought It out gamely. Maud Ferrusbn
hard ridden the lait furlong. Away better Briar Hill might have won. Astor likes to BtoD
at all way nations. Scratch*!— Guest lie 99. v
141O. SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlong; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Time — U. :26: M. :51: %. l:16*i; mile. 1:42. Good start. Won flrrt three driving. Winner
Carruthers * Shields* ch. ir. by KinRMon-Josephine. Kingston had one of his good days
Mounce timed his ride a trifle late. Walkenshaw has gone back, Lothian Is improving.
Pilot lost his romrajs and log book.
141S. frjjriH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $«X).
Ti 5 1 *^* > :13: *' :38: S - 1:03: % - 1:=9 - Good ««rt. Won first three driving. Winner. Ml
F. Tarpey s b. m. by imp. Isllntrton-Hileen. Xovla had things her own way. Shields on the
favorite lest more ground than he saved. Fr?e Lance only a fair one. Maxello took the
«low freight, getting to town at nUhtfall. Tarrell can't ride Lodestar.
1417. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Time— %. :13; %. :37H; »fc. 1:02^; T4. 1:29. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
« inner. C. T. Boots' br. g. by Tlirer-Lucia di Lammermoor. Cut off on two separate occa
sion*, winner was an. hour and thirty-five minutes the best. Rosalbra will win shortly.
McNamara forgot his music Rainier showed improvement.
14 1«. THIRD RACE-Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; puree. t350.
Time— i-ic. :0«; 3-16, :1««4; 7-16. :43; 11-16. 1:08%; 7>.tf. 1:34%. Good start. Won ridden out'
Second and third easily. Winner. S. C. HUdroth's ch. c. by Kingston- Arrowfrrass. Vulcatn
Is an epicure apparently, llkinft small fields. Redwald slightly cut down. Wax sent his
regrets before the. meeting houce was reached. Scratched— Wooster Boy 119.
1415. BECOXP RACE-Seven and a half furlongs; purse." J430.
Time—^. :2S: H. :««4; •;. 1:151;. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. C. T. Boots'
cn. c. by Tiger-Onette Edwards. Had -O'Connor sneezed Cougar would hava been beaten.
A poor assortment. Scratched— Abba L.. • .
First Past the Wire on Three Winning Horses at T anforan Park.
/Walkenshaw Runs Unplaced— Amasa in Front.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
WITH only a memory of the
great throng of the day be
fore, all seemed peaceful and
QDiet. almost to dreariness, at
Tanforan Park yesterday.
Thf crowd wrestled with a card that had
nothing much to recommend it. gaining
three Ealla and losing three. The sport
was featureless, unless it was the daen
ing saddle work of O Connor, which rider
succeeded Jn putting three winners over
the plate.
Everybody fully expected to see Cougar,
the Klrnwood farm entry, run away from
the other three staners in the scramble
for maiden two-year-olds. The colt
ruled a 7 to 20 chance, and didn't do any
thing of . the sort. It was only through
fcara riding that O'Connor landed him
rirst, a head in front of Ravelling.
Sam Hildreth scratched Wooster Boy
from the seven ana one-half furlong
run. leaving In Vulcain to try conclusion*
wf.h Redwald and Wax. The hooded
hcrse was l to 2 In the ring, and led
throughout. Redwald was slightly cut
down, but managed to beat Wax out for
the place.
Had Bdg-ardo, favorite for the third
event, not been pounds the best, he could
never have made It. Cut off right alter
the start and again at the far turn.
O'Connor, who bad the mount, took mat
ters quietly until the stretch was reached.
Then, cutting loose, the first choice
waltzed to the front, winning hands
down. Rosalbra, the pacemaker, stayed
well; beating Rainier.- a 100 to 1 shot, out,
for the place.
"Wyoming let the talent down again, with
a thud. Gaylon Brown's bay horse looked
the most hkely of the nine starters In
the event next decided, also at seven fur
lones. and was accordingly installed fa
vorite. Henry Shields succeeded in get
ting: away from the post poorly, losing
all the ground possible, and finished sec
ond to.Novla, with O'Connor In the sad
dle. The winner was. well supported at
odds cf 6 and S to 1. Mounce landed El
Mido in the show, ahead of Free Lance.
Jack Martin piloted the winner of the
fifth number, a mile run, decided under
Felling conditions. ' Walkenshaw was
quietly plunged on at even money, and
failed to finish among the first three.
Away sixth. Sir Kingston shook oft* Pilot.
and everything went pleasant with him
until 'the wire drew near. Then Owens
bcro.went after him, followfa by Tirade,
and, .coming like a whirlwh.:* the last
r.arned horse lost out by -a neck only.
Owensboro was a head further away.
F"or some reason everyone, seemed to
thir.g Amasa would be defeated in the
closing dash, which caused his odds to re
cede from 2 to S to 1. Outbreaking his
company, he set a clip that proved too
faet' for the others, and. hard ridden to
ward the end.- reached the: wire less
than a length before th? favorite, Maud
Ferguson. Ha£ Briar bren successful in
. getting a bcaor start, the black horse
would have been hard to beat. . •
Track Notes.
Garnet Ferguson Is now th» owner of
Quiz ° II. ¦ He purchased the colt from
Daggie Smith yesterday.
The starters in the last race did not
emerge from the paddock for some min
utes aftpr bugle call. The delay was
cau;ed by Katie Gibbons' cranky actions,
durln* which one cf Dominlck's legs was
badly bruised. The lightweight was re
plaoed by J. Miller.
Another rich event \vi:i b« decided at
Tanforan Park This afternoon, termed the
Gold Vase. The distance Is one mile, ani
it should prove fully as big a. drawing
card as the autumn handicap. Besides
the magrnlflcent g'old vise valued at S1000,
the association adds J16- v '.
'Fallowing are to-day'S entries:
fCopyrtetned. 1S00. by'A. W. Martin. All ritfu*
reset-red.)
. Kirst race —P*1t« furlonts; two-year-old mald
er:E; selling. • ¦ •"
12>6 Missel 1001 1255 Lurayo 10«
1K4 Illusion Id; m4 Courtier 1CS
.1396Lucera lCflS&e-El Sonoro 103
1414 Ravelling 106 Abba L. _1Q«
Selw?8taJna 103! Estelada 10«
1110 Immodel 1151 1265 Plcklaw 100
Second race— Six and a half . furlonr*: two
year-olds: handicap:
13S5 Golden A*e 12S; 1385 Canmore 110
32*2 Janice 107 ¦ Tyr .....107
13SS L»lderot 103 12466t. Rica 1C3
1S32 Bab -. 9S 13S5 Seid« S<
:S£7 Artlcalaf ..... 85)
Tblrd race— Two miles: burdls; three-year
clde and u;:
1410 Bvlrato ...185! 1410 Ballsta
Meatcr 157; 141* Lomo 1S7
1410 Eva Moe 127i
Fourth nu-e— On* mile; thr*»* xear-oia» and
tp: the Gold Vase:
:«?5 Gold Or 101 tt<ll)VesuV.an ll»
1411 AmlriMi 8S! «e3 MofirlCB 10&
.... Tayoa 101' 1389 John A. Morris.llO
1412 Handlcapper .. 98 1411 Eddie Jooes....U0
:<05 Tfce Lady 106! 1357 Prejudice, it
:<U Adx-'nc* Guaxd.lO8| 14CS Wooeter Boy... £8
1411 Gonfalon _108i -. ,; ,'
Fifth race— On« mile; three-year-old fln!e»;
rune:
1179 Comlmr Er-eat-.ll&l 1370 Morells. 110
1196 Kitty KeHr ll r j 1406 Mitten :..110
"•'.= Hindoo P*oeaa.ll$
Sixth race—Six and a half furioafi; xnalflen
thre«-year-o!4i and up; celling: •
15T7 Nemesis lit' 1S06 La£y Mau<J.....J14
3K2 Onyx 119! 12S4 Judge Shr"psljr.ll*
13C0 Tmg-a-LJnj ...114' 1360 Dianora m
14"2 Aalu. B 114 1394 Eight Dollar*..121
r«W::iiua F U4: mSLetiger 114
IZ~ Free Past 114 1360 May Boy ll>
First
Seco
Thir
Probable Winners-
First race — Courtier, Illusion, Abba 1»
Second race— HlMreth (table, Car.ir.ore.
Zhiri race— Et* Moe, Meator. Baltstm.
O'CONNOR IS THE STAR
OF A DULL DAY'S RACING
OF SPORTS YIELD TO RAGING AND COURSING
GEORGE GREEN WINS IN
THE SIXTEENTH ROUND
"Soldier" Green Is Knocked Out— Preliminary Fights Were Torrid
and More; interesting Than Main Event
This was the main event at Me
chanics' Pavilion last night, where a
crowd— chiefly in the gallery— gathered to
sec the National Club's last pugilistic of
fering. Had there been no knockout this
main event would have been about the
slowest, tamest, quietest fistic affair seen
here - or anywhere for many a day.' In
all the sixteen rounds there was hardly
enough action to provoke a free perspira
tion.
The end came suddenly and unexpected
ly. Neither fighter had demonstrated any-
dropped to the floor, where he remained
for several seconds over the limit.-
• -4 FTER fifteen rounds of desultory,
-. i\ " green , fighting , between :the two
, /b^\ Greens, George and the "Soldier,"
'A' former found the chin of the
. . . •; latter,, early in the sixteenth
round and. the soldier .toppled over to his
ultimate undoing. - A" right cross on the
most proper spot, according to prizefight
ethics, did the trick.. Although the mili
tary Green— by surname — ro6e at the
seventlv count, he was practically out, of
the game, and a speedy battering .with
left and right aftSr he was on his fee.t
sent him againstthe ropes, from which he
When Recconl ar.d Thur*Jon stepped
Into the ring the crowd expected some
thing and it was not disappointed. Beth,
big-muscled and cross-eyed bitters, made
cyclones look Ilk** zephyrs. The ratll last
ed several rounds, when P.ecconl went
down Rnd out before Alec Grejrgains' re
cent discovery. Twice before during the
fight Recconi was knocked down, but he
managed to recover Ms mental wide
avrakeness before the tenth «econd. He
didn't like the punishment, and once while
on the floor it appeared as If the softness
of the canvas was to his liking and that
he would rather remain there than fight
any longer.
For two rounds Joe Sullivan and George
Watson showed a wholesome resp«M:t for
one another end thtn they went to it for
the next eigiit rounds. Watson clearly
demonstrated his superiority, and by a
continued series of stift left Jolts he
chopped up Sullivan's cuntenar.ee be
yond recognition. In the fifth Watson did
his most effective work and for a time !t
looked as if Sullivan were gjintr to forget
ten seconds of his life. Two rounds later
Sullivan recovered temporarily and pun
ished Watson for his gayety. After that
it was all Watson, who was given the de
cision.
The preliminary events were to start off
with -Indian" Joe Gregg and Fred Bell,
but the "Indian's" feet were chilled over
the idea of losing his annat^ur standing if
he engaged in a professional mixup. so he
wiihdrew and w:is ejected from the build
ing. This brought Joe Sullivan and
George Watson into the ring for the ini
tial event. Watson won after ten rounds
of fighting.
thing like superior ability up to the time
of tnc last round. George Oreen seemed
to have said a lasting farewell to his
former skill and cunning and the other
Green was certainly verdant. Whenever
there was a good blow landed the crowd
cheered, for it was a striking relief to a
painful monotony of inaction. The knock
out, coming as it <ii«i. was a godsend to
Referee Jack Welch, who would have had
nothing on which u> base judgment if the
light had gone the limit ami the last
rounds were as those fought. Behind
George Green were Frank Foster and Bob
McArthur. Jimmy Lawlor. '"Australian"
Cribb' ' and . T. Lahey "hoodooed" the
"Soldier" Green.
'.Murasky Will Try the Contest.
Judge Dalngerfleld's contest to the elec
tion of Thomas F. Graham to the Supe
rior Court was filed yesterday and as
signed, to Judce Murukv t ox . htarinz. -
To Address Young Men
: An Interesting service will be held at the
Young. Men's Christian Association Audi
torium. Mason and Ellis streets, to-mor
row afternoon 'at 3 o'clock, 1 when Dr A.
M. Burns will give his second Biblical lec
ture , on - "Foundation Principles." His
special subject to-morrow will be "A Trip
Through the, Solar System." Young men
in general are invited.
Grange? s' Bank Dissolves
A petition for dissolution Was flled yes
terday by the Grangers' Bank of Califor
nia. The bank was Incorporated April 27,
1874. For some time past It has been In
process of litigation. The present action
is in accordance with a resolution adopted
by the directors. H. M. La Rue, F. W.
Longeel Albert Mayer, J. Dalzell Brown,
L \v. Hellman Jr., Thomas McConnell.
Seneca Ewer, H. J. Llewolling, Uriah
Wood. August Muenter and E. a. Pills
bury, on November 2 last '
Faro Players Want Light Sentence.
Frank McDonald and the other faro
players arrested 5 in \ the Burlington House
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
and again nsked to be sentenced, as they
had pleaded guilty.. but their. attorney in
sisted that no -heavier fine could be im
posed than, upon Chinese gamblers. 'Gen
eral Salomon, who represents some of the
faro men's victims,- asked > for a continu-
ance; -as- he;' said a 1 , more -serious cfarare
might .be preferred against them. 1 and the
Judge 1 continued the case until .this morn-
WILL RECOMMEND „ ,
• PAVEMENT OF STREETS
Supervisors' Street Committee Re
• bakes Board of Public. Works
for Ignoring Its Wishes.
The Supervisors' Street . Committee de
cided yesterday, to report In favor of the
passage of the ; ordinance now before the
board providing ' for the paving : of Clay,
Sacramento. Washington and Pine streets,
between Montgomery; and Sansome.with
bituminous rock on a concrete foundation.
.This action is a rebuke to .the Board of
Public Works. ! which had recommended
an Inferior - pavement for the . streets
named and declined to change its recom
mendation >, in accordance with the views
of the Street Committee. ; The committee
also. recommended the acceptance of bids
for, paving. with either bitumen or. asphalt
on ' all '¦ downtown streets 5 In the .district
wests of ¦ Sansome i street, and with basalt
blocks on < a concrete foundation on • all
streets east of Sansome street
Resist Factory Laws.
A petition for a writ of prohibition to
restrain Police Judge Cabanins from exe
cuting a Judgment o gains: Robert Schaez
leln and Benjamin Burrldge for violation
of factory laws was filed vesterday by the
defendants. Petitioners were arrested on
complaint of F. V. Meyers. Commissioner
of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, anil ad-
Judged guilty, of having failed to provide
suction exhausters to carry away the dust
from polishing wheels in their factory.
They claim their conviction was illegal.
PEESS CLUB ENTERTAINS
WITH MINSTREL SHOW
Over Two Hundred Visitors Attend
. the Performance in ths
Jinks Hall.
The members of the Press Club enter-
tained over two hundred and fifty of their
friends last evening In their clubrooms
with a minstrel performance.
The programme was well selected and
every number was heartily applauded. VT.
J. O'Brien sang several ballads that took
the house. Billy Hynes did- a turn that
made a big hit. I* Edmund Stover,
dressed In full Indian costume, gave an
Indian war dance as he has seen them In
Dakota. .
The following members of the club com
posed the minstrel company: EX C. Lef
fingwell. interlocutor; . Billy Hynes and
Jabez Swan, endmen; George King, D. W
Lawrence. W. J. O'Brien. Charlec
Parent Jr.. soloists; Dr. J. D. Hodgen,
James K. Polk . and \V.' J. Batchelder
chorus. During the evening Dr. Hod?en
gave a female impersonation act and G.
D.' Squires made a stump speech.
OPPOSB AUTOMATIC
FIRE SPRINKLERS
Spring Valley Company Officials Oh-
ject to Attaching Six-Inch
Mains; Thereto.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee had
under consideration yesterday, the ordi
nance providing for the installation of
automatic fire sprinklers In buildings and
manufacturing ¦ plants. Attorney Kellogg
of the Spring Yalley Water Company op
posed the ordinance because It would re
quire the attachment of six-inch supply
mains and meters, which, he said, would
mean an enormous expense to the com
pany. Frank H. Gould addressed the
committee on the , advantages of the
sprinklers, which he said reduced the Iobs
by fire to a minimum. Chief Sullivan of
the Fire Department, he said, strongly
favored the extinguishers. H. Euler, pro
prietor of a box factory, told how a fire
in the factory was extinguished in its in
clpiency by the sprinklers.
Attorney Kellogg contended that a six
inch main was entirely too large and that
a five or four Inch* main, which is now
in operation, is sufficient to provide all
necessary water. . .
Further consideration of the ordinance
was postponed untH December 27. when
the engineers of the company will furnish
figures to show that the five-inch main
will supply enough water;
The McCloud River' Railroa/1 Compan>
is the last of the California roads to file
a repcrt of rts f.nancial condition with the
State Commissioners. The McCloud Com
pany has a capital stock, of $360,000. The
funded debt is $210,000 and the current lia
bilities of the company are $40,174.
The company has done a big lumber
freighting business in the last year, its
total earnings from this source being SSS,
£37. which, with a passenger revenue of
SK7S and other small items, brings the
total gross earnings from operation up to
$.<0,£61. The operating expenses were »54,-
J':5, leaving a net income, after deducting
Interest on the funded debt, taxes, etc, of
$20,659.
The Ash Creek branch, from 2»IcCloud
to Ash Crrek mill, was put in operation
early in the year, but the report Qoes not
indicate that the venture Is a paying one.
•Cn the contrarv. the branch has thus far
failed to yield the company any revenue.
LOW RATE TO THE COAST.
Epworth Leag-uers Get Satisfaction
After Making: Threats.
The members of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association are at loggerheads
over the question of a special rate to the
mast from Eastern points during the big
Epworth League Convention, which will
he held In this city n«*xt July. The asso
ciation has been in session in St. Louis
«nd has adjourned to meet again next
week in Chicago, when an attempt will be
made to settle the rat^ question in a man
ner satisfactory to all the members.
E. O. aicCormick of this city is a mem
ber of the pp^cial committee appointed to
fix the price of ticket*. \ A $50 round trip
rat* bas been agreed upon between Los
Ash Creek Branch of the
McCloud Road, Not a
Paying Venture.
HAS FAILED TO
YIELD REVENUE
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch has suspended Joseph McGowan, a
gauger at Fresno, and has filed a com
plaint with the Interlal Revenue Commis
sioner at Washington. D. C, together
with a request for McGowan's dismissal
McGowan had charge of the records
concerning the quantity of grape brandy
or spirits used in the fortification of the
port, sherry, madeira and muscatel wines
manufactured in the Fresno County win
eries. It is a part of his duty to forward
after the close ot each day's business an
official report of the quantity -of -spirits
used during that day and a statement of
the sum duo the Government. Recently
these reports, instead of coming into the
head office in this city daily, dropped to
one or two a week and were made up in
a- slipshod manner.
Collector Lynch personally investigated
the matter and found that McGowan had
been on a "still" spree for several weeks
the principal cause of his fall from' grace
being sweet wine, which in Fresno is con
sidered an unholy terror to weak heads
When he felt too tired to make out his
reports he simply put them in cold stor
age until his celebral fever abated
Collector Lynch said yesterday that
there was no defalcation and that the
Government does not lose a dollar. Mc-
Gowan had simply muddled his accounts
He never had the handling of any money'
said Mr. Lynch, and there was no loss'
whatever to the Government. He- added
that McGowan would be discharged for
drunkenness and neglect of duty.
McGowan Looks Upon the
Blush of the Vine Blos
som and Is Weary.
SWEET RED WINE
MUDDLES GAUGER
Angeles and Chicago in spite of much op
position. The Ep worth League manage
ment announced that unless a rate of $50
or less was made the place of the conven
tion would be changed to some Eastern
city. The differences to be settled at the
Chicago meeting have reference to stop
over privileges and time limit.
inspection" satisfactory.
Southern Pacific Officials Pleased
With New Coast Line.
The Southern Pacific new coast division
will be in operation before the end of
this month, provided nothing comes up
to prevent carrying out the present plans
of the construction department. Less
than four miles of the gap remain to be
closed and all but one of the seven via
ducts have been finished.
Vice President H. E. Huntington. Chief
Erglneer William Hood and General Man
ager Kruttschnitt returned yesterday
from an inspection tour of the new line
and all were well pleased with the pro
gress that has been made and the superior
construction of the line. The heavy rains
did very little damage to the road, caus
ing but one slight washout, which, in it
self, is good evidence that the road Is well
built.
Engineer Hood said yesterday that he
hoped to have all the rails laid by Decem
ber 15, if not a' week earlier than that
date.
HIBERNIANS GIVE THEIR
ANNUAL ENTERTAINMENT
PotreroOpera-House the Sceme of Fes
• • tivities on Thanksgiv
ing 1 x»ve.
Division No. 9, Ancient Order of Hiber
nians, gave its annual entertainment and
dance at the Potrero Opera-house on
Thanksgiving eve. The affair was not
only socially but financially a success.
Those having the affair in charge were
Frank J. Boland. Daniel Harnedy, John
C Ryan, Jeremiah Foley, E. F. Nolan,
Michael C. Whelton, P. Flanagan, Tom
O'Connor, Patrick Martnlng and John Dil
lon. The singing of Miss May Daily was
the feature of an entertaining programme.
The other numbers follow:
Overture, orchestra; introductory- remarks,
Frank J. Boland: "Together Side by Each—
Yes T-'.j Blotz Bros. ; • recitation. Miss Esther
Dowllng; selections. Emerald Glee Club: duet.
F. O. l>rady and N.' S. Cplman; Chinese Im
personator. H. N.' Walton; monologue. Henry
L Auerbaek: Bam Sum .Lam, Billy Johnson;
tenor solo. John Olinnon: recitation, Thomas
O'Connor: specialties. Francis and Eddie
Dougherty; cake-walk, George and Miss Carrie
Llnder; soprano solo, Miss Josle Enindon; reci
tation, Thomas F. Hlckey; tabl«au, ¦ "Past,
Present and Future of Ireland," Columbia Cir
cle No. 1, Ladies" Auxllllary, A. O. H.
The tableaus were well staged, the fol
lowing pretty misses participating: Mar
garet Graham, Annie Daily, Frances
Ready, May Dally. Elsie W. Richards,
Louis Caulder, Inez Caulder,. Millie Rich
ards. Dorothy McDonald, Alesea McDon
ald, Eda Baker and Loretta Street. The
poses and costuming, which elicited much
favorable comment, were suggested; by
Mrs..T. Richards.:
POPE LEO SOLICITOUS
ABOUT CAI/IFORNIANS
Rev. P. F. Farrelly of Pasadena Talks
With Catholic Leader While
Abroad.
Rev. P..F. Farrelly is at the Occidental,
having arrived here last'nigttt from the
East. Father Farrelly Is pastor of the
Catholic church at Pasadena and he has
been on a seven months" leave of absence,
during which time ho visited London.
Paris, Rome and other foreign points of
Interest. Father Farreily reached New
York on his return trip the day before
election, and before starting for home vis
ited old friends in the Xew England cities.
While in Rome Father Farrelly was
honored by an audience with the Pope,
who he says Is quite well and sprightly,
notwithstanding the fact that he has
passed his ninety-first birthday. The
newspaper reports regarding the Pope's
feebleness are much exaggerated, Father
Farrelly says. Pope Leo seemed interest
ed in topics concerning the United States
and he inquired particularly of the con
dition of the church and people in Cali
fornia. He manifested a feeling of deep
Interest In the people. .
OONSTABLES MUST TREAT :
PRISONERS MORE GENTLY
Supreme Court Holds an Officer Who
Used Excessive Force in-Mak-
. ing an. Arrest. •
Constables throughout the State wlll:'be
greatly surprised to learn that they can
not assault a prisoner with a club or other
weapon with Impunity. The Supreme
Court yesterday, handed down a decision
holding that excessive force must not be'
used !n making arrests... • . :
The decision was rendered In a suit for
damages that Is one of the most novel
brougnt before the higher court for re
view. Thomas M. Matneus, constable for
the township of "Wilmington, Los Angeles,
County, and his.two bondsmen, J. P. eilva
and T. Crowley. were sued by Gerry
Towle for Injuries received- at the hands
of the < constable and his tieputy, a man
named Matthews. „
It appears that Towle committed a
breach of the peace at Sin Pedro and was
taken Into custody by Matheus. The pris
oner became violent and the- constable
was forced to put handcuffs on him. Towle
showed tight and landed on the consta
ble's jaw and a struggle ensued. Matheus
called for aid from the bystanders and
Matthews came to his assistance. .The
struggle between Towle and his captors!
became so violent that .Matheus pulled his
pistol out- of his pocket -and dealt the
prisoner a' heavy blow over .the head, lnr
fllctlng a scalp wound. -The deputy, con
stable, folio wed up this move by shooting
Towle in the back.
When Towle recovered from his wound
he instituted a damage suit against the
constable and his bondsmen, find the jury
In the lower court gave him a verdict for
$500. t The costs of suit, amounting to $106.
were added. Matheus appealed and the
Supreme Court affirmed the judgment
upon the ground that excessive force had
been used In arresting Towle.
Sullivan Loses on a Foul.
CHICAGO. Nov. 30.— Persistent fouling
lost Dave Sullivan of New York his fight
with Ole Oleson to-night at the Illinois
Athletic Club. After the first roundi- in
which he had decidedly the worst of it,
Sullivan resorted to choking and elbow
ing in the clinches. In the third round
the New Yorker's unfair tatfti.es became
so flagrant that Referee Slier was com
pelled to disqualify him and give the tight
to Oleaon.
Pons Defeats Pienening.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— Paul Pons. the
French wrestler,*; jto-nlght at the Grand
Central Palace pucceeded.ln putting John
Plenenlng of this city to the boards twice
In succession after a most interesting, al
though one sided, wrestling bout.' The
men wrestled under the Graeco-Roman
rules, best two in three falls.
Yanger and Herrick Draw.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 30.— Benny Yanger.
the "Tipton Slasher" of Chicago and Kid
Herrick of Brooklyn fought six rounds
to a draw before the Badger Athletic
Club to-night. Both men were on their
feet- and apparently fresh at the end of
the bout. There was no knockdown.. -
The inquiry Into the contempt of Dudley
Dubois of Nome reached that stage yes
terday when seme testimony regarding
the actions of Dubois himself was se
cured. George A. Bernham, one of the
Marshal's deputies, who went to Nome to
bring back McKenzie. told how he served
upon Dubois an order summoning Dubois
to appear and explain his contempt. Du
bois was much disturbed, and a day or bo
after while the two deputies were sitting
at a table with a man named Orton, Du
bois came and speaking to Orton asked If
he knew If there was any law by which
he couia escape going to San Francisco.
Dubois said his business was in such a
shape that he could not possibly go. and
he said he would give Orton $1000 If he
could find some law by which he could
escape from It. Bernham also told of the
serving of the warrant upon McKenzie
and the execution of the of super
sedeas. He said, too, that when the writ
of certiorarl was served on Judge Noyes
all Judge Noyes said was that he' was
sorry the deputies had not a warrant to
take him to San Francisco as well.
J. C. Barton was the principal witness of
the morning. He told how he once heard
Noyes say, "If I don't appoint McKenzie
a receiver, who shall I appoint? ; He has
been my friend for twenty years, and I
will appoint him for every mine he wants.
And If he does not want the appointment
I will^ appoint whomever he will recom
mend." This was said one day when
r^oyes-came into a room where were seat
ed Barton. McKenzie and others. It wa«
at the time Noyes' appointments were be
ginning to be talked about.
On another occasion the witness heard
McKenzie tell Cameron, who had been
placed In charge of the Topkok mine that
Cameron was to do everything McCor
mlck wanted him to do. and he himself
would see Cameron through.
¦On direct examination Barton told how
he had seen a man named Barr> bring in
some grold from the Topkok mln», and
Barr had said there were 127 ounces. Later
Barton was told by McKenzie there were
but 114. On direct examination the wit
ness told a story of how some of the gold,
two sacks of it, was emptied out by Mc-
Kenzie, but on cross-*-xaialnatlon it was
shown that he knew very little about the
handling of the gold by McKenzie.
He said McKenzie was looked upon as a
dictator and a man with whom every one
had to. stand In.
' Robert McKillican. ex-Sheriff of Alameda
County, was called to tell what he knew
of the sentiment of the people In regard
to McKenzie and the ring he was in with.
He said It was the general opinion it was
a queer proceeding to declare that the
gold in a claim was in jeopardy ard so
appoint a receiver to get It out. It was
believed the gold was safer In the gravel
banks than it would be In the hands of
any receiver. It was the. opinion of the
miners that a man could not. get Justice
In the Nome court because there was a
clique, headed by McKenzie and Noyes
that controlled things It was believed'
too, that a man could not get justice, and
that If he discovered a good paving- claim
he would surely find himself in the courts.
The witness aid also heard threats of
lynching, Judge Noyes, but he had not
heard these threats often.
. Bernham was the last witness of the
morning-, and then the ca3e went over to
Tuesday morning, at which- time. It Is ex
pected. Deputy Marshal Monckton. the
second deputy who went to Nome, will be
well enough to appear and testify. Hr
has been 111 for more than a week.
Willing to Give $1000 to Be
Allowed to Remain
in Nome.
DUBOIS NOT
EAGER TO COME
TO THIS CITY
.Unless the Police Commissioners change
their . minds the Hoffman Cafe will ; also
have 'to close Its doors: .When the appli
cation for a renewal of the . license was
read at the meeting of the commission
last night, Sergeant Gteeson read a re
port from the; policeman bnMarket street:
It-.was claimed, in the report that Sulli
van was guilty of certain violations of the
side door regulations. ".Commissioner
Newhall promptly moved that his appli
cation be denied. Before the other com
missioners' could vote on-, the motion,
Newhall' directed Sergeant- Gleeson to
visit the saloon and make a thorough In
vestigation of the reported violations of
the side door regulations. Gleeson was
instructed to report to the board, at Its
next meeting and if he finds that the law
is being violated It Is the Intention of the
commissioners to refuse to grant a license
to Sullivan. •
• The. commissioners discussed the appli
cation of the proprietors of the Cafe
Royal for a renewal of their license. After
listening to the reacting. of the favorable
reports of the police officers whose beats
take in the resort, Commissioner New
ball moved that the place be allowed to
run under the old licenso until such time
as the Board of Supervisors -hands down
its decision In cases where gambling Is
conducted In connection with saloons.
Before the motion was considered, Com
missioner Mahoney offered as an amend
ment that definite action be postponed un
til next Tuesday night. .As Commissioner
Newhall offered no objection, the amend
ment was adopted.
•The application of C. F. Kapp, who
conducts a saloon at the Junction of
Golden Gate avenue and Market street,
•was denied. A short time ago- Kapp was
arrested for conducting : a nickel-in-the
slot machine and fined Jo. Commissioner
Newhall considered the offense unpardon
able and on his motion Kapp's application
for a new license was promptly denied.
He will be cited to appear before the com
missioners at their next meeting and for
mally notified of their action.
The application of J. Dlerks.' who con
ducts a saloon at 228 Fifth street, was de
nied on account of a row which, occurred
in the place a short time ago. • '
It wa3 decided to adopt the new Colt's
thirty-two caliber revolver as the regula
tion pistol of the department.
Resolutions compelling, pawn brokers
and junkdealers to file written reports
with the Chief of Police every day ex
cept Sunday, giving a list and description
of articles taken In pawn or bought by
them, also a full description of the per-
son or persons with whom they deal, aft
well as their "names, were adopted. The
lepor'ts must be. filed before 10 o'clock
each morning.
• The following new policemen, who suc
cessfully passed the clvJl service exam
ination, were sworn In:
• Frank de Grancourt, Robert Coulter,
Patrick Herllhjr, D. M. Rtves, W. H.Clay,
P. J." Foley, Leroy Levings, Nicholas
Barry, A. A. Hicks, O. H. Rothfnger,
Duncan Matthewson. William Hassell, J.
S. O'Nell, John "E. Dolan, T. F. Tutten
berg;, J. F. Lycett, J. J. Fredericks, W.
L. Celner. J. B. Barrie, William Desmond,
John Mullane, Davis Russell. John Col
lins, J. P. McCormack, James r>. Skelly
and Percy L. Smith.
The secretary was Instructed to commu
nicate with the Civil Service Commission
ers, asking them to hold the examination
for lieutenants of police at the earliest
possible date. •- - , v
After the session. Commissioners New
hall and Mahoney, Chief Sullivan and
Captain Wlttman were dined at the Kong
Chow Association on Pine street by Chi
nese merchants. "
"POP" SULLIVAN
MAY LOSE HIS
SALOON LICENSE
Police Board Thinks He Has
Been Violating Side Door \
V Ordinance.
If breeding counts for anything, the
Futurity stake of 1902 will go on record,
as the greatest event of, its kind ever run
on any field. Recently many of the finest
hounds have been mated, anticipating the
whelping of puppies in the' early, part of
Janua'ry, which will make the get the'olJ
est eligibles for this big. coursing attrac
tion. Some of the'noted breedings' art:
Fine Fire to Bed of" Stone and Maid oC
Erin;. Fortuna Favente , to Silvia and
Lrlg-htfoot; Glancer to Faster and Faster;
Emin Pasha to Maggie N, Lady Thorn
dyke and Forest Queen; Crawford Lad. to
Mlnneola and 'Carmen; Pretender to But
ter Scotch; Magic to GUlaiMacree; Cqn
nemara to Belle of Anderson; For Free
dom to Lady Greely, a Texas greyhound;
Herschel's Pride to .Mayflower; Fetter
Free to Daisy Bell, a sister of> Blackerte;
Shylock to Busy Bee, Quiver, Arrow and
Daisy Crest. -
The Pasha Kennels have a new candi
date for coursing honors In the sapling,
Roberts'' Army, a litter brother of Rival's
Answer.', The youngster will be started
within the next two meets. , ,
Julius Home is the possessor of • a 10
months-old puppy .which he expects will
make a stir when he starts: He is by For
Freedom out of Bona, weighs ; fifty-eight
pounds and has been judged a comer by
leashmen who have seen him. ' ..:...
H. H. Walker, the. restaurateur -at
Union Park, became a leashman a short
time. ago by the acquisition of the grey
hound Cora Pearl. He was forced Into
the ranks, havlngr had the' courser left
with him as. security for a jsmall debt and
finally belngr presented with a bill of sale
of the' dog in settlement of the account.
Cora .was entered in. the ThanksjrivinB
day stake and drawn;agalnst Old Glory,
who was quoted a 2 to 1 ravorite. Walker
had no faith In his hound's ability as a
but when asked-, how much he
had played on his kennel to make him
self a thoroughbred, he replied that he
etood to win quite a bunch if Cora landed,
and in the event of her beating Trade's
dog would stand treat to the extent of a
turkey dinner for the boys. Walker gave
little thought to his promise until the in
termission. When his patrons commenced
to file out one by one they would pass the
counter and say, "This; Is on Cora
Pearl's winning."* Walker smiled In acqui
escence to the first four stand-offs,'- but
they kept coming In such bunches that he
soon called a halt. Some one had fflven
the tip and the restaurant was filled with
congratulatory feeders. His free custom
ers ate about $12 worth of turkey. -Walker
hadn't bet a cent on his dog and Cora
Pearl had won her course. . '
Union Park offers a good card of sport
for to-day's and to-morrow's stake. One
hundred and twelve nominations have
been made and many hard courses are
looked for. The first train for the park
will leave at 10:15 a. m.
Leashmen Predict a
Re cor d-Breaking
Day in the Great
Futurity of 1902.
NEWS OF THE
COURSING
WORLD.
THE SAUrRAKCiSCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
Fourth race— Jennings stable. Advance Guard.
Fifth race— Comjnj Event, Mitten, Hindoo
Princess.
Elxth race— T1n*-a-Llnr. Eisrht Dollars. May
Boy.
CORRIGAU AND JOE
ULLMAN WILL RETIRE
Transfer of Stock in Latest Big Turf
Deal to Be made
Shortly.
5
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
lj*14. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling, maiden two-year-olds; purse. $350.
TANFOUAN PARK.. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30.— Weather fine. Track fast.
index : Horse and Weight.' Pat] St.
1392 (Cougar 10S 3 2
1392 Ravelling 10S 2 1
791 Marion Bristol... 105 l s
1396 Shotaway 105 4 4
2 H
1 2
3 2
4
I T, Bettln«t — ,
%. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
2 4 2 10 In |O' Connor ... 1-2 1-2 7-20 , —
12 12 2 25 Wedderat'd 3 5 5 11-20
4 4 . 3 5 M. Woods... 10 30 30 6
3 2 3 1 4 |Buchanan .. 6 15 15 2
i ._ — ;
T .. IPO' 1
Index JHorse and Weight. tPst|St-
"f "* ' [ r Bettlnir »
U. H- 8tr. . Fin. I Jocke>-«. Op. • Hi. Cl. PI.
1411 IVulcaln 112! 1 2
1S35. Rodwald U2 2 3
• ¦¦> iWax 106 3 1
12V4 13 12 12 Coburn .....I 2-5 8-5 1-3 1-6
3 2% 22 2 4 O'Connor... 3 3 3 9-20
2n 3 3 3: IMcDonald ..8 10 6 4-5
I ipo.T~
Index jHorse. Afre. Weight. leatlSt.
1406 E<teard«, 3 :104 S 1
14fi2 RosaJbra, 6 112 7 6
1326 Rainier, 4 109 9 6
1324 lLomo, S Ill 10 4
UOO iMcNainara, 3 106 1 9
1370 iMacmw, S 109 S 3
1400 jDuckoy. 3 104 6 8
1ST8 ITwlnk. Twlnk, 6.109 6 7
1394 IRacery. 4 109 2 2
1330 lEmlle Zo!a, 4. ...1091 4 10
14. *4. Str.
8 6 fl 1 2
3 1 1 h 2 2
4 4 4 H 6 H
3 h 5 h 6 H
« 1 €17 2
1 H 3 2 3 <i
5 1 2 1 4 h
» H 9 1 9 10
7 1 8 4 8 6
10 10 W
, Bettlnr ,
FJn. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1 1V4 ! O'Connor ... 3-2 3-2 1 8-5
2 2 J. Woods... 6 8 8 3
3 3 Vickery .... 15 100 100 40
4 n Mounce .... 15 60 60 20
6 2 Klley 2 12-5 11-5 3-5
6 1 B. Roos 29 60 BO 20
7 H Weddersfd 4 8 8 3
8 1 FoffK 20 100 100 50
9 15 J. T. Woods 20 100 100 50
10 J.' Daly 15 60 60 20
:ndexlHorse. Age, Weight. Pet St. U. 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi" "Si" PL
1*5* £ ovla * 5 m 8 * 1~1 12 14 1 14 O-ConnorTT 3 8~ 6 5^2
J*25 £ r ?"?i n *- * uo • 8 74 Jh 21 24 H. Shields.. 2 11-5 2 4-5
1J2< E> Mldo. 4 109 9 4 31 4 b 'S I 32 Mounce .... 10 12 6 2
,"AA S 1 "" I Lance - *---112 .11 61 SMh41 41 Wedd*rst'd 6 10 3 3
1400 Don Luis, 5 109! < 2 5 84,8-61 52 J. Woods... 15 40 30 12
1404 Montunus, 4 112 j 4 2 21 24 6n 6h 1 McDonald .. 10 20 20 g
1404 Maxello. S 109 I « *6h 6h 71 "h iCoburn 4 4 7-2 1
1404 Lodestar, 6 109 79 » 71 815825 iFarrell 15 30 20 8
164 |Xed DennU. 3....1P6 57 4h 849 9 [Fauntleroy 12 60 60 20
I Po.j j
Index (Horse, Ajfe, Weight. Pst St. %. %. Ktr. rtn.
1371 isir Kingston. S.. H 8 6 1 h 2 1 In In
1?91 Tirade. 4 100 53 8 71 42 2h
Iffl lOwensbcro, S 100 4 4 6 i£ «V4 2 1 83
1S41 (Limelight. 3 87 2 2-41 41 3 n 4 n
1SK9 iWalkenshaw, 6.. .102 777H 6h 61 H
1406 iLothian, ? 97 $ 8 51 34 720 64
1404 !Pilot. 3 SS «|6Jh In 64 7 25
1412 IRgd Cherry. 3.... SS| 1 j 1 ; 2 n S 8 8
j i Betting ,
I Jockeys. Op. Hi. CI. PI.
J. Martin... 4 5 4 8-5
Mcunce 10 15 18 «
Coburn 4 5 5 g-5
Domlnlck .. 6 12 12 S
Wedderst'd 1 6-5 1 1-2
Ran*ch 50 60 60 20
J. Waldo.... 4 8 8 5-2
Brodlen .... 100 300 300 60
¦ I IPo.l " I. Pfttlnir
Index jHorse, Are, "Weight. [Pst St. : • «4. %¦ Str. : Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
1K3 -iAmasa. t... »j ft IS 12 It 1 «; Ransch 2 9 « i
1244 IM'.d Ferruson. 4..1CSI gl 41 4 t Jl 21 O'Connor ... 3 8 11-5 1
1>3 Briaj- Hill. S 1021 69 8h II 43 8H Coburn 4 4 i «K
UTS A«tor. 4 9» 10' 4 Jh 8n 8H42 Martin 6 8 8 3
ISiti iMrmtaJlade. . «. inol 12 6h 61 62 52 Mounce .... 6 U 12 i
1S05 Aluminum. 5 99 4 8 74 II 7 8 6 2 Buchanan 6 10 8 a
irSJ Katie Gibbons, 4..104! 1515 7J 61 71 J. Miller.... 6 15 15 g
1402 Juva. 4 99J 88 8H>5 91 84 J.Daly 20 100 y M 40
1401 Antloch. 4 99 7 10 10 10 M 9 5 J. Waldo 30 60 SO 20
1293 "CT'erthelm. 4 102] t|7 «1 5 *i 8H10 Wedderafd 80 * 80 80 10
¦ I IPo.l " I. Pfttlnir
Index jHorse, Are, "Weight. [Pst St. : • «4. %¦ Str. : Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
1K3 -iAmasa. t... »j ft IS 12 It 1 «; Ransch 2 9 « i
1244 IM'.d Ferruson. 4..1CSI gl 41 4 t Jl 21 O'Connor ... 3 8 11-5 1
1>3 Briaj- Hill. S 1021 69 8h II 43 8H Coburn 4 4 i «K
UTS A«tor. 4 9» 10' 4 Jh 8n 8H42 Martin 6 8 8 3
ISiti iMrmtaJlade. . «. inol 12 6h 61 62 52 Mounce .... 6 U 12 i
1S05 Aluminum. 5 99 4 8 74 II 7 8 6 2 Buchanan 6 10 8 a
irSJ Katie Gibbons, 4..104! 1515 7J 61 71 J. Miller.... 6 15 15 g
1402 Juva. 4 99J 88 8H>5 91 84 J.Daly 20 100 y M 40
1401 Antloch. 4 99 7 10 10 10 M 9 5 J. Waldo 30 60 SO 20
1293 "CT'erthelm. 4 102] t|7 «1 5 *i 8H10 Wedderafd 80 * 80 80 10
I Po.j j
Index (Horse, Ajfe, Weight. Pst St. %. %. Ktr. rtn.
1371 isir Kingston. S.. H 8 6 1 h 2 1 In In
1?91 Tirade. 4 100 53 8 71 42 2h
Iffl lOwensbcro, S 100 4 4 6 i£ «V4 2 1 83
1S41 (Limelight. 3 87 2 2-41 41 3 n 4 n
1SK9 iWalkenshaw, 6.. .102 777H 6h 61 H
1406 iLothian, ? 97 $ 8 51 34 720 64
1404 !Pilot. 3 SS «|6Jh In 64 7 25
1412 IRgd Cherry. 3.... SS| 1 j 1 ; 2 n S 8 8
j i Betting ,
I Jockeys. Op. Hi. CI. PI.
J. Martin... 4 5 4 8-5
Mcunce 10 15 18 «
Coburn 4 5 5 g-5
Domlnlck .. 6 12 12 S
Wedderst'd 1 6-5 1 1-2
Ran*ch 50 60 60 20
J. Waldo.... 4 8 8 5-2
Brodlen .... 100 300 300 60
:ndexlHorse. Age, Weight. Pet St. U. 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi" "Si" PL
1*5* £ ovla * 5 m 8 * 1~1 12 14 1 14 O-ConnorTT 3 8~ 6 5^2
J*25 £ r ?"?i n *- * uo • 8 74 Jh 21 24 H. Shields.. 2 11-5 2 4-5
1J2< E> Mldo. 4 109 9 4 31 4 b 'S I 32 Mounce .... 10 12 6 2
,"AA S 1 "" I Lance - *---112 .11 61 SMh41 41 Wedd*rst'd 6 10 3 3
1400 Don Luis, 5 109! < 2 5 84,8-61 52 J. Woods... 15 40 30 12
1404 Montunus, 4 112 j 4 2 21 24 6n 6h 1 McDonald .. 10 20 20 g
1404 Maxello. S 109 I « *6h 6h 71 "h iCoburn 4 4 7-2 1
1404 Lodestar, 6 109 79 » 71 815825 iFarrell 15 30 20 8
164 |Xed DennU. 3....1P6 57 4h 849 9 [Fauntleroy 12 60 60 20
I ipo.T~
Index jHorse. Afre. Weight. leatlSt.
1406 E<teard«, 3 :104 S 1
14fi2 RosaJbra, 6 112 7 6
1326 Rainier, 4 109 9 6
1324 lLomo, S Ill 10 4
UOO iMcNainara, 3 106 1 9
1370 iMacmw, S 109 S 3
1400 jDuckoy. 3 104 6 8
1ST8 ITwlnk. Twlnk, 6.109 6 7
1394 IRacery. 4 109 2 2
1330 lEmlle Zo!a, 4. ...1091 4 10
14. *4. Str.
8 6 fl 1 2
3 1 1 h 2 2
4 4 4 H 6 H
3 h 5 h 6 H
« 1 €17 2
1 H 3 2 3 <i
5 1 2 1 4 h
» H 9 1 9 10
7 1 8 4 8 6
10 10 W
, Bettlnr ,
FJn. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1 1V4 ! O'Connor ... 3-2 3-2 1 8-5
2 2 J. Woods... 6 8 8 3
3 3 Vickery .... 15 100 100 40
4 n Mounce .... 15 60 60 20
6 2 Klley 2 12-5 11-5 3-5
6 1 B. Roos 29 60 BO 20
7 H Weddersfd 4 8 8 3
8 1 FoffK 20 100 100 50
9 15 J. T. Woods 20 100 100 50
10 J.' Daly 15 60 60 20
i ._ — ;
T .. IPO' 1
Index JHorse and Weight. tPst|St-
"f "* ' [ r Bettlnir »
U. H- 8tr. . Fin. I Jocke>-«. Op. • Hi. Cl. PI.
1411 IVulcaln 112! 1 2
1S35. Rodwald U2 2 3
• ¦¦> iWax 106 3 1
12V4 13 12 12 Coburn .....I 2-5 8-5 1-3 1-6
3 2% 22 2 4 O'Connor... 3 3 3 9-20
2n 3 3 3: IMcDonald ..8 10 6 4-5
index : Horse and Weight.' Pat] St.
1392 (Cougar 10S 3 2
1392 Ravelling 10S 2 1
791 Marion Bristol... 105 l s
1396 Shotaway 105 4 4
2 H
1 2
3 2
4
I T, Bettln«t — ,
%. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
2 4 2 10 In |O' Connor ... 1-2 1-2 7-20 , —
12 12 2 25 Wedderat'd 3 5 5 11-20
4 4 . 3 5 M. Woods... 10 30 30 6
3 2 3 1 4 |Buchanan .. 6 15 15 2
DB, MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. Disease ppSp*
and weakness ol &!%it jgJL
Sa?" Consultation mf| X3X*£X
and private book vSfo, /•.Yl
free, at office or by ws^, QfjBi
mall. Cures sruar- iHJtiv^sfi-^?*
anteed. 731 Mar- NSSSffinSiS
tet street (elevalor / *C 4 **£fo£^l»f
T^&SgSSk. BOTTLE lrUn£5
/ <§i§iil MCBURNEY'S
/%*"* * w Kianey cure
irt ¦ *yty A thorough cure lor
fr| I .J pains in the bock,
Q JjJ BRICHT'S DISEASE,
?^*)»^ 21 'I female troubles. Incon-
tinence of mine, bride dnst deposits, bed>
wetting of children, gravel, gall stone*,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. .
FOR SALE AT ]
DAHLBEMDEK DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny *t-.
-AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 112S Market st.
Send tSc In 2c stamps to W. F. M^Duraey.
«8 8. 8prln* st.. Los Angles. Cal.; for i
days' treatment. Prepaid tl 50. Dnnrgista.
<^JiP Cured While
t jL V«h Clean
irfk&Mf In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolTent"dissoWe8StrletnreTilte wow be-
neath tho ron, rednces JJnlarjcci Pro»tare and
•trenftben* tf>« Seminal Ducts, slopping Drains an*
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No dnu> to rain the stomach, bat :» direct local
and poiulre application to the entire uretnral tract.
Gmn-Solrenl Js not a ltqnld. It l» prepared i»
the form of Crayons or Pencil*, smooth and flexible
and *o narrow u to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Asan.. Box KM. Cincinnati. O . fi.n
prepared at f rent expense an BWM< J>npfl
Ire lUntttatert Treatise upon the male L U L L |
¦ritem. which tlw will tend »»nyrnrri
male applicant, llla.a.1
St. James Asta.. 52 Elm St.. Cincinnati. O.
YOUR BOY
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
BICYCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
— &4O.OO--
JDVEMILE BICYCLES— S20. $22.50, $25.
LEAVITT & BILL,
300 LarUin Street . . . SAN FRA.NC1SCO.
2O -San Pablo Avenue OAKLA.ND..
57 South Second Street .... SA.N JOSE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash j it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of Tiolence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggists; all sorts of people me it.For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
Tommy— Say. paw, what Is le'se ma-
Jeste?
Mr. Flag?r— Impersonating a policeman.
— Indianapolis Pre?3.
Professor— There are only two kinds of
scientists.
Inquiring Mind— What are they, profes
sor?
Professor— Well, we class them as bac
teriologists . and way-back-teriologist3.—
Indianapolis Journal.
\ J.E have noted the Eastern opposition to any
\\f direct appropriation from the Federal treas-.
* * ury in behalf of irrigation in the West. The
matter must be looked at practically. The Eastern
land-owner is not friendly to the aided development of
a new area to compete with his unaided industry. The
fight, on that line, is likely to be so prolonged that
the progressive 'destruction of forage and forests will
enlarge the desert area and more than double the final
cost of its reclamation. "
All this may be avoided if the West will* wisely un
derstand and energetically promote its own interests
by a policy which is entirely within its own control.
If Western interests will prepare and present to Con
gress a bill for an act to lease the arid grazing ranges
on the public domain under such conditions as to pre
scrve.the forage and forests and devote the income of
the leases to'Government irrigation works/ it will be
giving permanency to the grazing business, to the
meat and wool supply of the country, and .wilj.be pre
serving the natural conditions upon which irrigation
depends.
It. will be also installing and: enlarging an object
lesson, which will usefully educate the East in the'
'merits of irrigation, and lead by natural. steps to a
further enlistment of Federal aid in reclamation.
The matter lies with the ; stock men themselves.
They desire permanency of their business, but its end
is now in sight, as the extirpation of the forage 13
easily calculable. They desire also the development
of land that may be subjected to tillage by irrigation.
They want the moisture, of the range preserved by
saving its vegetable covering, for they exwt by the af
fluence of the deep springs and the constancy of the
watercourses,
No such. opportunity has ever before been^ offered
a great industry to perpetuate : itself . and become the
agent of. new development as isVnow. offered: to" the
grazing interests of the West. The East has, no
NATIONAL IRRIGATION.
Angeles are at the St- James. Ira E. Ben
nett of San Francisco Is at the Ebbltt.
CALITORNIA2TS IN "WASHTNGTOII
WASHINGTON, ""Nov. SO—Mrs. E.
Wheeler and Miss Amy Wheeler of Los
The ladylwho has paid. her local .taxes under pro
test that she has no light to vote should. not forget
that there is compensation in all things. There are
many. of. 'us who vote but pay no taxes.
Mrs. Lease, the Populistie orator of Kansas, has de
cided to divorce her husband. The lady has evidently
discovered that while Populism may be advantageous
tkere are certain relationships in it which are not pop
ular/ ..: * - ••¦ ¦ •-
The suggestion has been- made that the new presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company will abolish
the political bureau of the corporation. Somebody
must be giving the new executive some very excellent
advice. : \ ¦*
American military authorities have decided to be
more strict in their treatment of Filipino prisoners.
This rule will not be carried into effect, however/ un
til a few prisoners, upon whom- to practice, have been
captured.
A Chicago minister, is emphatically of the opinion
that churches,^ in order to succeed in these; days of
degeneracy, must put on "a continuous vaudeville. The
reverend gentleman should remember that one cannot
learn a new trade in a day.
Our Chinese residents have solved a problem which
has proved too difficult for malefactors less yellow in
hue. The Chinese gamblers are running "wide open,"
and. even the police are discussing the propriety of
licensing crime which cannot be suppressed.
The good people of Berkeley are in a serious di
lemma. They bought sugared water for whisky anl
now- their Trustees say that they shall have the" real
stuff. The experiment of 'being wicked appears to
present to- the community more difficulties than a trial
in virtue.
And now the authorities at Washington have .de
cided that the rflood of .Chinese "students** to . our
shores- must be stemmed. Federal officialsrnust have
discovered that the people of- San Francisco have no
desire to constitute themselves an educational* insti
tution for, coolies. • .
Dr. "W. R. LJnscott of Santa Cruz Is at
the Russ. He came down to attend tha
football game and was among the physi
cians who hurried to the scene of tha
glass factory catastrophe and rendered
valuable aid to the injured.
A. B. Spreckels. president of the Stite
Board of Agriculture, left the city last
evening for Sacramento. .There will be a
meeting of the board to-day for the",trans
action of Important business.
Charles A. L-uhrs and wife of Sacra
mento were among yesterday's arrivals at
the California. .•
J. Howard Sweetser, a prominent JJew
York merchant, accompanied by his son.
is at the Palace for a short time. .
J. TV. ilcClyinonds, Sacramento agent
of the Fruit Growers' Express, Is In town
for a few days. .
A. Gibson, owner of the Wide Awaka
mine in Calaveras County, la at the Rusa
for a few days.-
H. W. Turner of the United States Geo
logical Survey is registered at the Occi
dental. . ¦
J. W. "Winston, the Los Angeles mer
chant, is at the Palace. .: : >^
Dr. Benjamin A- Plant of Santa Cruz ia
registered at the Grand.
H. H. BloQd of Bakersflsld, a prominent
oil man. i3 at the Grand. ,
Lieutenant George M. Lee of . Omaha.
Nebr.. is at the Occidental.
George W. lindon and wife of Chicago
have taken apartments at the Palace.
;rt the Buss,
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge W. D. Tupper of Fresno is at the
California. S&i
Judsre J*M. Walling of Xevada, CHx 13
take- the height from the ground ta the
ffi /"i<Mo this last one half of the
height from the eaves to the top; multiply
&tt le h n>rt ,£ b ? , lh w e *>r?adth. and the prb
?H" by :J he height, all expressed in feet;
di\ ide the amount by 27 to find the num
ber of cubic, yards and multiply by the
number of pounds In a cubic yard, about
14 J pounds— to be accurate" weigh ©no
cubic yard of the hay. , Tho question in
tne letter of inquiry cannot be answered
for the reason that the height is not
given. Hfckw
¦ CONVENTS— A. C. R.. City. The Pre
sentation Convent of- St. Cesalre Is Iri the
town of that name. It is a town of Que
bec, County of Rohville, on the .River
lamaska, thirty-three miles north of
Montreal. There is the convent of the
Dominican > Fathers, the seminary of St.
Hyacinth, the mother house of the Gray
Nuns of_St. Hyacinth, In- the city of St.
Hyacinth, a city of Quebec on the Ya-'
maska River, thirty-five and a half miles
northeast of Montreal.
SKELETON IN .CLOSET— Edna, City.
The following Is given as the origin . of
the saying, "There is a skeleton in every
closet": ~ "A soldier once' wrote to his
mother, who complained of unhappiness,
telling her to have some sewing done by
some one who had.no care or trouble.
Coming: In her search to one who she
thought must be content and happy, she
told her what she wanted. The lady took
her to a closet 'containing a human skel
eton. 'Madame,' said she, 'I try to keep
my sorrows to myself, but I will tell you
that every night I am compelled by my
husband to kiss this skeleton of him who
was once his rival. Think you. then, that
I can be happy?" The inference is cer
tainly too clear to need interpretation."
FOR NON-PAYMENT OF TAXES— J..
G., Green Valley, Cal.' In relation to prop
erty that has fallen to the State for non
payment of taxes the law of California
provides as to sales that "whenever the
State shall become the owner of any
property sold for taxes the deed to the
State shall be filed with the Controller
The Controller may thereupon by a writ
ten; authorization direct the Tax Collec
tor to sell the property or any part'there
of as in his judgment shall , be deemed
advisable In the manner following: He»
must first give notice of such sale for at
least three. weeks in some newspaper pub
lished in the. county. or. city and county
¦or-if -there be no such paper published
therein, -by posting a notice in each of
three* conspicuous places in the county
or city and county, for-.the same purpose!
i . CHURCH PROPERTY-E. J. I*. Bur
roughs, Cal. This correspondent calls at
tention to the article that was published
in . The Call a few/ days since assertine
that the amendment t<Rhe constitution of
the State exempting church property from
taxation had been carried, and writes
'¦The_total vote as published is U0.524 fof
and 7a,428 against, a grand total of 1«5 K2
two-thirds of which is 123,868. You c'aim
that the amendment was carried As it
requires a two-thirds majority to effect an
amendment, how do- you expla'n if
Please enlighten anxious readers " *If th*>
correspondent had familiarized" himself
with i- the constitution of the State he
would have saved himself the trouble of
writing the letter and going into » a inni
calculation. He would have found the fol^
"If the people shall approve and ratifv
such amendment or amendments, or anv
The: explanation is that it requires a
simple majority, and not a two-thirds ma
jority, to carry an amendment.
THE PRESIDENCY-Subscriber Clty
The,re has never been a decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States that
answers tho question: "Is a man born
of American parents while they were
abroad eligible for the office of President
h£ "},«. United States-in otner words 1
he. within the meaning of the constitution
•a natural born citizen'?" A number uf
newspapers have answered that a man an
born abroad Is eligible to the offlcT^bat
ns their judgment upon the United Stated
law which says that "the children of na
rents who now are or have been pf»i»S^
of the United States shall, thouch hn?n
out of the limits and jurisdiction nftl
United States. : be . considered as "citizen?
thereof." There are many prominent law
yers who hold that "a natural bo?n clU '¦
zen" means one born In the United States
and, while admitting that a man who wa-i
born. to American parents while they wert
abroad is a citizen of the United States
he is a native of the- country in which
?T OI £';i C a n8 f quenU ? not a native of th"
United States or "natural born" citizen
The distinction is between nationality and
citizenship, which are often used synony
mously but Incorrectly. ".
<¦¦' ¦¦' - . — ' ¦--•-- •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
, A DIME OF 1S39— Subscriber, Oakland.
Dealers charge from twenty-flve to fifty
cents for a dime of 1839. but do not pur
chase such at .a premium.
JOHN' DREW, THE ACTOR— M. E. A.,
City. John" Drew, the actor, was horn In
Philadelphia. November 13. according *<>
one biography, 1853,. and according to
another, 1S54. • ;.-.-.
WOMEN IN THE P0ST0FF1CE-M. E.
A. City.- Under the civil service rules a
woman may take an examination *«r any
position in the Postofflce Department
which she is capable of filling. ,;._.,.:'
HALF OP 183S-P. L., City. A half dol
lar of 1838 with the letter O between the
bust and the date commands a premium
of from $15 to $25. Those without such O
do not command a premium. •• .
NATIONALITY-K. W. F., City. A
man's nationality is that of the country
in which he was born, no matter what his
parentage may be. A man born in tho
United States of German parents is an
American.
SIGNING A LETTER— A. \M. I.. Berke
ley, Cal. A lady writing to a person who
does not know whether. she Is single or
married should sign >er -name wlttr the
prefix Miss or Mrs., as the rase may be
Otherwise the receiver cannot tell how to
address the reply.
CHAUTAUQUA CLUBS - Subscriber,
Bolinas,- Cal. . For information about
Chautauqua reading clubs In this State,
address a communication to Mrs. E. . J.
Dawson, secretary of the Chautauqua
Assembly, San" Jose, California,
• THE AMENDMENTS- H. C. O.. Tracy,
Cal. As soon as tha result of the vote in
each county in the State or California on
the several amendments presented shal
have been compiled, the same will be pub
lished In the columns of The Call.
SEA GRASS PAPEK-P. C. B., Sacra
mento, Cal. This department has no in
formation about the manufacture of sea
grass paper 1 to be used for window panes,
other than what appeared In The Call a
short time ago in an article descriptive
of such paper.
THE CALJFORNIAN— R. B., City. On
the 14th of November, 1900. there -eras no
record 0 in this city of the whereabouts of
the steamer Californian. The last advice
about her prior to that date was of Octo
ber 17. when she left Taku for Manila.
She was then to sail, for IsagasaKi and
then for this port.
CIVIL SERVICE— Reader, : Oakland.
Cal. If you will write to th© United States
Civil Service. Commission, Washington,
D. C, for a manual of examinations for
the classified civil service of the
States you will be furnished a book that
will- answer every question you as* In re
lation to the branches a man has to be
proficient in.
BRYAN IN SAN FRANCISCO— A cor
respondent alludingr to an answer that
was given to another correspondent about
W. J. Bryan's arrival in San Francisco
writes that ' on ¦ onb occasion "he came'
over from Oakland mole on a tug in com
pany with W. AV. Foote and other prom
inent Democrats. -The party landed from
the tug at Mission-street wharf No. 1 and
from there was driven In- a carnage up
Mission street.'-' This is evidently not the
same ; occ'aslon as the one referred to in
the answer previously published.
Where all deserve commendation for duty faith
ful.r performed it is something of an invidious ta=k
to select any for particular praise, but justice requires
that special mention be made of the work of the
Southern Pacific Hospital and its staff. That institu
tion was bound by no law to open its doors to the
sufferers who were brought to it, and yet it did so
without one moment of hesitation. The call of hu
manity was obeyed as. if it had been a divine com
mand, and nothing of energy, expense, skill or car;
was fpared by the officers and the attendants of the
hospital in relieving the stricken ones so far as itivas
possible to do so.
Out of this proof of the existence of a spirit of
genuine humanity in the city the general" mass of our
people may draw something of comfort. The minis
trations of friends will do much to comfort the af
flicted homes, while pastors of the churches will re
call to them the consolations of religion. That is as
much as can be done now, and with abundant sym
pathy for all the sorrowing ones the people will leave
it for the officers of the law and the Coroner's jury
to determine whether or no there be any one to blame..
The Bp^rd of Supervisors has reached the conclu
sion that our Police Department in every matter af
fecting public interest is inefficient. The board should
remember, however, that the police, whatever they
cannot do, are admirably qualified to take care of
?hcmtcWei.
Even while still sore .with the feeling of grief over
sc'many blighted and sorrowing hdmes, the people of
San Francisco will note with thankfulness the excel
lent work done by ths -police and .by the hospitals .of
the city and the physicians generally for the relief "of
the victims. All upon whom responsibility in meeting
the emergency rested did their duty with promptness,
efficiency and fidelity. Of the police not only those
who were on duty but many who were off duty* re
sponded at once to the call made upon them, and
within a time comparatively brief every one of : th*
sufferers was removed to a place where medical and
surgical assistance with tender and careful nursing
could be given. Nor was there any avoidable delay in
giving that aid. Considering that it was a public holi
day and that ph3*sicians like the rest of the citizens
were scattered about at various social or festal gath
erings, the promptness with which, they were gathered
to the post of duty was a striking illustration of how
effectively modern civilization has disciplined the
members of the profession in the work required of it.
Such accidents are unfortunately only too common
in the annals of mankind. Hardly does any great
national festival pass without leaving a record of dis
aster and death. In moments of joy men dismiss their
ordinary care, and when excited by the enthusiasms
of large crowds become thoughtless of danger. Thus
accidents in great cities upon holiday occasions fol
low one another in each succeeding j-ear : \vith unfail
ing regularity.' It is true they seldom occur upon a
scale of such magnitude or under circumstances so
direful as that which fell upon the spectators of the
football match from the roof. of the glass \vorks o on
Thanksgiving day, but still they are always calami
ties and teach through the fearful? lessons of sorrow
the need of the exercise of the greatest care on all
occasions ' and under- all circumstances that gather
light-hearted people in large numbers to some -scene
of popular festival or state ceremony.. ?
THE GLASS WORKS DISASTER.
OUT of the appalling disaster that turned
Thanksgiving festival in San Francisco from
a day of joy to a day of overwhelming grief
jn many a home our people will doubtless in good
time draw some lesson of benefit for the future, but
they cannot give heed to that lesson now. This is no
time for moralizing upon the causation of accidents
or the uncertainty Of human life. A:t present all hearts
are too tender in the soreness of .'sympathy for the
afflicted families to attend calmly to any cold, unsym
pathetic discussion of the calamity.! A direful tragedy
has befallen the city in its hour of-jby, and neither the
press to-day nor the pulpit to-morrow can utter any
other words than' those of inourning, joined with such
consolation as it is in the power O;f human sympathy
to offer to human sorrow. . : <
"While this story is interesting" in itself the. chief
interest is in the moral of it.-- Mr. Mclntosh li not the
only country edkor who' in season and out. of season
has advertised the resources of his community, and in
bad years or good years has urged his people -to keep
moving in the direction .of improvement. There is
not a single county in California that h«s not an editor
who has done much of that kind of work. Our ex
changes sho.w how prompt country editors are to ad-'
vertise and promote anything that even so much as
promises good : for the community as a whole. These
men never get 'the praise the Georgia editor- is now
getting, but most of them. as fully deserve-it, and Cali
for'nians should be prompt in' giving it. . " ; .
The explanation is simple. A planter who was dig
ging a deep well in. search of pure water, free from
the unwholesome elements in the surface waters of
the country, tapped a vein from which an abundant
stream flowed forth. Here was proof that the country
is in an artesian belt. The country editor. took it up,
and week after week he preache'd artesian wells .until
they became numerous.. With their appearance sick
ness diminished. It was then: found that bad "water
had been almost the sole cause of ill Health; that. the
climate is really wholesome; that the odor. of the pines
in the air ; gave vigor to jyeak lungs,, and .then the
editor began to boom the country as a health-resort,
and he kept at it until a company built a tourist
hotel and people began to go from the North to spend
the winter there. To supply the hotels farmers began
to grow >fruit and vegetables and the soil was found
to be wonderfully fertile; then the editor urged the
planters to give, up cotton and. cultivate watermelons
and. truck gardens. They followed his advice, and
now the. country is getting rich., . ...
'Now, here is the surprise. The census shows that
this region has grown more rapidly than any other
part of rural Georgia. It has increased beyond all
other sections in population, in diversity of industry,
in commercial activity and in wealth. So marked has
been its superiority in progress during the decade
that public interest has been aroused and the sub
ject studied, with the xesult that the country editor has
become all at once a notable figure, for it is. con
ceded that he and his paper have been more influential
in promoting the progress of the community than any
other factors in it. .
The occasion of the praise given to Mr. Mclntosh
is the showing made in the census reports of the de
velopment that has taken place in the country around
Albany since 1890. That district in Southern "Georgia
was known in times past as the Georgia desert; or the
pine barrens. It is a low, flat land of sand and pine
trees; the water was unhealthy and the inhabitants
were afflicted with chills and fevers. Men of means
avoided it.- Rich planters owning the land of the
legion had their homes either on the coast where
healthful sea- breezes blew or in the mountains of
the northern part of the State. Few persons had any
confidence that it would ever be a fruitful and popu
lous region, and when the timber men began to cut
off the; pine trees, and so destroy the only visible
wealth "jbl the land, it 'was believed the time was not
far distant when the whole region would be com
paratively valueless and scantily inhabited. .
. T~""\ ARELY in this country and at this time does the
I-—/' editor of a country ; paper receive justice either
* Vat home or abroad. The value* of his work
for his community is not appreciated even when the
work itself is recognized. He. is .of the class of
prophets who are without public ; manifestations , of
honoreither in- their own country or elsewhere. He
is expected to serve his party,. his friends and all the
industrial, charitable and holiday .enterprises of the
county without; recompense; and his neighbors gen
erally deem it 'a. personal favor to him when! they pay
him for his paper. Such being the rule .in air parts
of the United States'/ any instance of. pubiic and gen
erous expression of a debt due from a country com
munity to an editor of .its "local paper /merits' : wide
circulation. Fpr that /reason we ".direct, attention to
the' praise now being 'jjjiven to Henry M. Mclntosh,
the editor of a paper in Albany, Georgia, * -'¦'
A COUNTRY EDITOR'S WORK
The Stratton law of 1899, proceeding
upon the theory that, no test for voters
was necessary, provided for only one bal
lot-box. It also limited participation at a
primary election to those parties which
had previously polled 3 per cent of the
total vote in the State or locality, where
as, in the previous law, in addition to
such parties, all political organizations,
filing a petition by 3 per cent of the quail
fled voters were admitted to participation
In the primary.
The law of 1899 was declared Invalid be
cause it so limited the parties which
cculd participate and It was also decided
that political parties had an Inherent
The Strattoa law of 1897 retained the
provision of the- act of 1895 as to a sepa
rate ballot-box for each political party,
but It was declared invalid by the Su
preme Court and among the grounds as
signed it was very clearly intimated that
the Legislature did not then have power
to prescribe and fix a test oath In the law.
At the session of 1895 several proposed
primary, laws , were presented. Judge
Spencer, chairman of the Election Com
mittee, requested me to prepare a com
mittee bill, which.' I did. The chief dis
cussion in committee arose over the pro
vision I had inserted, requiring a sepa
rate ballot-box, - labeled with the party
name, for each political party participat
ing, which was not in any other proposed
bill. The contention In favor of this pro
vision was Jhat one of the chief evils to
bo prevented was the custom at the old
system of primaries of Democrats voting
at Republican primaries and Republicans
voting at Democratic primaries, by which
the -unscrupulous elements commingled
and combined. It was argued that if all
parties voted at the same date and place
in the same ballot-box at a- party primary,
the "evil might often be increased, rather
than" diminished, as it could be carried out
without the shame" to which such acts
were exposed when dqne> openly where
old-fashioned • primaries were held sepa
rately. ¦'• 'i. nis . view was adopted by the
committee and the act was reported in
the Assembly .as a general law. When it
reached a final vote Judge Spencer found
that the country members in the main felt
they did not need the law and would not
support it unless it was limited to San
Francisco and Los Angeles. The Judge
and myself both thought this course
would probably render the law unconsti
tutional, but as It could not then pass
otherwise. Judge Spencer so amended it,
and the Supreme Court declared it in
valid as being, local and special.
Editor of The Call: S|nce January. 1895,
three • primary , election laws > have been
passed in this State and the next Legis
lature will enact another. Although we
shall have the guidance of three" Supreme
Court decisions and the recent constitu
tional amendment," the subject still pre
sents points of rare importance. In this
matter, especially, detail, or method, is of
the very essence of a just and effective
law. The Stratton law of 1899, in my Judg
ment, constitutes a good groundwork, but
the modifications called for by court de
cisions and permitted by. the amendment
referred to call for great care and will be
best illustrated by brief reference to the
previous enactments. , l.v
right' to existence -and could not b £ de
stroyed by having their delegates selected
by their opponents, as might be the case
where no test is providedat such a party
meeting or election. ««-.n
Now. the new amendment to the consti
tution permits the test to be Inserted m
the law or allows the law to provide that
the several political committees maj re
spectively prescribe a voting test for their
resT>ective parties at the primary; and
here will arise a matter of grave impor
tance. A test there must.be. and this or
necessity requires the provision of the act
of 1895. assigning a separate ballot-box to
each party— for a test would be a farce
where all parties vote In the same box.
It would not be a compliance with the
constitution. There will be those who will
want the law itself to prescribe the test.
Others will insist that this Is not feasi
ble and not elastic enough to meet tne
conditions of separate political organiza
tions, and that each party should be au
thorized to prescribe the test which the
conditions require. • =
If divisions upon this point should be
found strenuous It may be suggested that
political committees be given power to
prescribe the test for their respective
parties, subject to a limitation fixed in
the law— as, for Instance, that no test pre
scribed by any party shall prevent a per
son from voting in the box of such party
who declares that .he affiliated with such
party at the last general election and Is
now In affiliation with it. or if ha was not
a voter at the last general election that it
is his intention to support at the ensuing
election the political party in whoso box
he seeks to deposit his vote.
These suggestions are illustrations by
me and not necessarily the form of words
I might personally finally favor after full
hearing before a legislative committee.
My purpose now is to draw attention to
those points and crII out caieful expres
sion of judgment by previous considera
tion among legislators and others.
I find many excallent men are sensitive
to taking an oath as to future political,
action. The" test required by the act of
1837 was in effect an oath of present in
tention to support the candidates nomin
ated by the delegates which were elected
at the primary- In a body of nearly one
hundred men from, various 'parts of the
State who retained me to carry that law,
before the' Supreme Court nearly all of
them said they would not take such an
oath, as they could have no real Intent to
vote for candidates until they knew who
they wers and what principles they fa
vored, i
The -remaining' details which will b« new
In the law of 1901 will be" the prorislons
determining in what cities, counties and
cities and counties the official primary
shall be mandatory. After fixing the ter
ritory in which primaries must be held
under th« law the question arles. Shall
this law be optional in other parts of the
State, and If so. in what manner shall the
option be exercised? Shall the local com
mittee of any one political party be able
to put it in operation In a given locality,
or shall It, in addition, require consent of
the Board of Supervisors or City or Town
Trustees, who provide for the expense.
or may, it be demanded upon petition of
a fixed percentage of the qualified voters
of such locality? These questions of im
portant detail were not voted upon by
the people and ¦will require careful
thought at Sacramento before final ac
tion. THOMAS V. CATOR.
* San Francisco. Nov. 29, 1900.
These columns Ire always open for the free discussion of ma«ers of public Interest
communications of moderate leneth being invited for that purpose. The Call in no way
holding lteelf responsible for the opinions of the writers. Anonymous communicauom
will not be entertained.
SATURDAY. . . .• DECEMBER 1, ioot
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prei» 20 4
PCBL.ICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL HOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenion St.
Telephone Preaa SO2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Slnsrl* Copies. 5 Centn.
Terms by Mall, Including Fo«tairei
DAILY CAUi (including: Sunday), one year $«•<>'
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), 6 months '- 00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), t months I- 60
DAILY CALL— By BlngSe Month Kc
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1 - 50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1 - 00
All postmasters ore authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribe™ Jn ordering chanjre cf address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND QLD ADDRESS in order
to lnsur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. . . .1118 Brosdway
C. GEOUGE KHOGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquetts Building, Chicago.
" (Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2611.")
XEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARI/TO.V Herald Square
f °" ' NEW TOniTjFUSPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHE5 B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlns;
NEW YORK KEWS STANDS: M. V
Waldorf- Artcria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL :
~}z:-\ CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., X. W.
MOBTON i;. CRAVE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES-— 627 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until J.3 1 ) o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open usUl 8:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
t:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open untU 10 o'clock. 2281 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open .until t o'clock- 109« Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
If it is a good thing not to do our ocean transpor
tation, why would it not also be a good thing not to
do our. own transportation by land? This coast owes
its development to railway transportation that was
.constructed by Government aid in land and a loan of
credit. Does the Colusa Sun think that was- a bad and
profitless thing to do? Would it have us go back to
the transportation conditions that were superseded
by rail? . V"
Has. not every industry and every acre of land made
a profit far beyond its share contributed to se
cure tjiat system of transportation? Our railways
were aided nationally and municipa.lly upon the right
theory that each man who contributed as a ¦ tax
payer got his money back and a. permanent dividend
•on his- investment. .If this .were true, and it is true,
of out., railroad- system, it must also be true of our
merchant marine and deep water transportation. 7
We .do not think that Democrats like Stephen A.
Douglas, WilHam L. Marcy, Levi Woodbury, De
Witt Clinton, Le\Vis Cass, Albert Gallatm and Rob=
ert J." Walker would have hesitated a moment if they
had been brought face to face with the" conditions
which have given us the largest foreign trade in the
world without our own merchant marine to carry it
to market.
The building of our American roads has employed
millions of American workmen. It has employed
other immense numbers in the manufacture of their
equipment Take out of our industries those that
build locomotives, cars and wheels, and manufactura
steel rails, and an industrial paralysis would fall upon
the land. Yet all of this mighty structure of American
activity was built upon Government recognition, aid.
and encouragement. What the advocates of a re
vival of American shipping ask is that this Govern
ment do for ship-building, and blue water transporta
tion what it did for land transportation. Our railroads
carry our commercial surplus to the seaboard and
then it is taken for marine transportation by foreign
ships, built in foreign shipyards and manned by for
eign sailors. We pay foreigners now in freights over
$200,000,000 a year. Is it good business sense to deny
the right of this Government to pay a subsidy, of $10.
000,000 a year for ten years, that ships may be built
in American, yards, by American workmen, to 'be
owned and manned by Americans, to carry- our sur
plus to its market and save to our own people arid
our own industries the vast sum that we now pay an
nually to foreign ship-owners?
When it was seen that the settlement of the West
depended upon building railroads, the public domain
was given to those enterprises. The first great grant
was secured to the Illinois Central through the efforts
of Stephen A. Douglas. We need not remind the
Democrats of to-day that he was a leader of their
party, nor that their rational conventions demanded
Government aid, by subsidy, for the construction of
an overland road to the Pacific Coast.
We have the largest seacoast mileage of any of the
nations. We have a greater number of seaports and
harbors, and we produce more surplus of all articles
of commerce, that must seek a market abroad, than
any other people. With all this interest in blue water
shipping we have lost our supremacy of the seas.
Our people have parted with .their seafaring spirit.
Sailing the oceans is practically abandoned by Amer
icans. How are they to be redirected into that
channel for the profitable employment ¦" of their
energies? Primarily it is a question of transportation,
by sea, of our own merchandise. Our, land transpor
tation is the best and cheapest in the world. It.em
ploys a million of men in its various departments. It
is one of the great wage and profit paying industries
of the country. In its development it was ., constantly
the recipient of some form of public help. In its very
beginning it found a. difficulty that it could not sur
mount without 'Government assistance. Our first rail
roads were blocked by the impossibility of securing
right of way for their lines. It was discovered that
construction of an extensive system was impossible
if railroad builders had to bargain with each individual
landholder for the right to build a line across his pos
sessions. While this difficulty lasted capital would
not invest in railroads. Beginning in New England,
this question was fought out. It divided parties first
in New Hampshire, where finally railroad corpora
tions were given the power of condemnation under
the right of eminent domain, in recognition of their
quasi-public character, and the public necessity for an
improved transportation system. Then development
began, and was continually aided by loans of the
public credit and by gifts, outright, of State and mu
nicipal bonds.
7 ""HE Colusa Sun has stated, ably and fairly, the
opposition to Government aid in the rebuilding
of our merchant marine. Its position is simply
that such aid is the extension of the American policy
of protection to that industry and business.
In view of the results of pur moderate system of
tariff support of American industries, one need not
run away when its application is proposed for the
benefit of such an important industry as ship-build
ing. But is this opposition on right lines? Is the
analogy complete?
SHIPS AND PROTECTION.
Sunday in Philadelphia.
It is notorious that many travelers
make it a point nev^r to stay over Sun
day in Philadelphia if they can help It.
because they don't kr.ow what to do with
themselves, there be:ng no place where
they can go but church, and in summer
time many of the churches are closed.—
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER. ¦
Prosperous Porto Rico.
. As Porto Rico la pro.»perous and busy,
there ought to be little difficulty In get
ting up a budget that shall bring about
perfect freedom of trad* with the United
States. "The whole scheir.e of taxation left
by the Spaniards must oe abolished and
a more equitable one substituted for it.
This may take time, but \ should not re
quire much -.time, for the way haa been
well prepared for it.— BOSTON TRAN
SCRIPT.
Must Have -Our Own Ships.
We realize that In order to gain our
proper place as a trading nation we must
have our own ships to carry our own
goods, more than 9<) per cent of wh!ch are
now conveyed by cheap-wage subsidized
foreigners. The Spanish war brought a
vivid awakening, when we saw our Gov
ernment unable to procure the indispensa
ble colliers and transports from our own
starved and stunted merchant marine—
and when we saw, moreover, fc reign cor
porations that had grown rich out of our
freight and passenger trade, deliberately
stab us in our hour of need an l sell to
Spain fast "greyhounds" to harry our
coasts -and destroy the last remnant of
our tonnage.-BOSTON JOURNAL.
Newspaper Accuracy.
It is given to newspapers to be accurate
—and to become true. Accuracy is fae;
up to the hour of going to press. Truth
is fact in final form. The appearance of
a paper every day enables it to correct
its errors oftener and more promptly than
a clergyman can correct his, for he baa
to wait till the next Sunday. And the
strong paper is less controlled by adver
tisements or parties than the average
preacher is by the drift or shift of pew
rents/ In neither case is the control nec
essarily "bad." A great many editors and
a great many preachers do far better ser
vice under the control or Influence of
folk wiser than they than they wouid with
full power to exploit all their confident
nonsense.— BROOKLYN EAGTyE.
Settling' the Trade Balance."
The Question is how much longer will
Europe' be able to refrain from settllr-3
in cash the enormous trade balance to«ar
favor. So far this has been managed by
the return of our securities In addition tj
our payments for freight, the interest on
our debts abroad and the expenditures of
American travelers. It is estimated that
over 300,000 shares have been sold by Eu
ropean holders since the election. Thi3
has put a stop to gold imports, put it
cannot always continue. Either gold must
come or the debt must be funded In secur
ities. We have made a beginnlng-at this,
but money is so much hlshar as a rule
that it would seem cash will aoon be de
manded instead of promises to pay, as
at present.— LOUISVILLE 0 COURIER
JOURNAL.
Domestic Service.
The whole atmosphere of domestic ser
vice here suggests mentality, which is a
wrong on the servant and a handicap on
the housekeeper. Make the conditions r.f
domestic service decent and attractive,
and intelligent and reliable servitors will
iespond to the demand. There is or.e
suggestion worthy of Imitation every
where, whether the housekeepers engage
in "home science receptions" or not.
That is that domestics be rewarded for
continuity of service. By. such means a
premium is put upon the establishment of
just such relations between- employer an. I
employe as exist In the great commercial
concerns, in the mills, everywhere that
labor is hired on the strength of its merit
and Intelligence, and yet where social rc
latons are not considered. — "WASHING
TON STAR. _ •
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
feasible and justifiable ground upon which to oppose
it. With the law made optional, to ;be adopted and
operative only in such counties* in the arid region *a3
petition for it, and even then with- no compulsion on
the Interior and Agricultural" departments, which
"may" — not "must"— lease even when that policy is
requested, the passionate and prejudiced opposition
in the West should cease, and irrigaTOrs and stock
men should present .1 united front. If they do they
will win, and will be accomplishing something while
the "¦process of educating and informing the East is
going on. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER i; 1900.
SUGGESTIONS FOR A NEW
PRIMARY ELECTION LAW
6
The Phoenix physician who wanted ' $3000 , for stop
pinga flow of. blood from a lady's nose must have ac
cepted somewhat too literally the opinion that bleed
ing is an expensive operation. ;
DESTROYING TO S AVE— C. F. P.,
City. If the chief engineer of a fire de
partment should order a house to be
either torn down or blown up to prevent
the'spread of a conflagration, the owner
of the property would not have any claim
against the -chief engineer or municipal
ity for reimbursement. It has been held
In this State that such an act. Is not tak
ing private property for public use. That
decision , rendered many, years ago, has
never been reversed. '
DUNNING-KF.J., City. There is no
law in California that will prevent a cred
itor.- from presenting: a bill, ; commonly
called .''dunning,"; as often as he pleases
If. , however, there is ' a difference be
tween the debtor and "the creditor as to
the amount due, the case is to be settled
in court,, and hit the creditor persist in
dunning, presenting his bill to the . debtor
when nelson the . street talking with
ladies, . when he goes into a restaurant for
his lunch . when he comes out ; of church
and. the like,' the debtor can < have him ar
rested for disturbing his peace.
; TO WEIGH : HA'Y— V... P., .Dyer. Cal.
The' following is the rule for ascertaining
the ¦ weight ¦ of ; hay ; in _- a ; stack : • Measure
the"; length by the breadth, of the • stack;
If You're in a Hurry Take the "Over-
land Limited,"
Leaving San Francisco da;iy at* 10 tL m.. via
Central PaclCo. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways, and arriving at Chicago
at 9:30 a. m. the third day. - A solid vestibuled
train of superb splendor, carrying Pullman
double drawing-room sleepers, dining car and
buffet smoking and library car. San Franc!sct>
to Chicago 1 without change. Only four days to
Now York and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined wtth speed and safety
take the "Overland Limited.".
Poplar boxes for etching. Townsend'*. •
Ex. strong hoarhoiind candy. Townsend*3.»
Peanut crisps. Town-send's.
CWuTRb'.a— "The Elnslnj GlrL"
Tlvoli— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Alharabra— Herrmann, the Great.
California— Harerly"« Minstrels.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "lohengrin."
Alcazar— "Seven-Twenty-Eight."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Tbeatei- — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Evening.
Fischer" e— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Tar.foran Park— Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Win. G. Lyang— Monday evening, December S, at 7:45
o'clock— Thoroughbred yearlings, at 721 Howard etreet. .
By B. P. Oliver- Wednesday. December 12. at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at m Sutter street.
People who take DR. SIEGERTS An*o«Ura
Bitters in the fall save money on doctors' btlla
during the winter.' The great South American
tonic
J Choice candle?. Towns*nd's.P:tlaee H?*«
Towr.s-end's California glace fruits. 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A. nice present for Eastern frirnd«.
6S9 Market strret. Palace Hotel building. •
¦'¦v-- ¦ » ? « •¦¦.¦
Special information supplied daisy ;o
business houses and public men by th*
I'resa Clipping .Bureau (Allen's). 510 lion:-
iiomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
By slightly curtailing h!a vast personal
expenses the Sultan of Turkey could
easily -pay Uncle Sam's HttleTbill and a
good many others besides. Ills annual
outlay is In the neighborhood of $30,000,000,
of which rr.&X).00O goes to clothe the 'ladies
of the harem. $400,000 for his Majesty's
own wardrobe. 37.500,000 for presents.
J5.00O.00O for pocket money and $5,000,000 for
the royal table. flffirWHillB ilffl¦ Siberia is no longer to be a- penal * colony.
The Imperlaldecree abollshlnt; the former,
status Is the result' of the building: of V.the
Trans-Siberian Railroad. Nothing can
to i the - ra#(d . settlement of : the vast '• Siberian
plains by the lnrushlng . farmers, unless It be
the : rapid - growth achieved '-. by ?. that -\ famous
dyspepsia cure, Hpstetter's Stomach.; Bitten.
Try It for constipation, Indigestion, dyspepsia.
Siberian Prisons Abolished.
: :NEW,iTORK,- l Nov.- 3O.-^The < Rogers' Lo
comotive Works' ? at ; Paterabn, N.' J. , ; have
closed down finally. »'¦ " ~
Locomotive »W6rks . Close ; Down.
¦_¦. ST. LOUIS! Nov.; 3O.--fhe Post-Dispatch
: to-day Jsays:^ Chief • of "Police : John ; W.
Campbell of St.-: Louis has been offered- the
position : of ¦ Chief , of Police;9f. Manila;un- ;
der the civil government nowincourse 0}
formation." and has accepted. * ' ?
Chief of Manila's Police.
On ". Sundays, commencing * December 9,'
1900, : the" Southern"? Pacific Company'sCity
Ticket Office >at : No. ' 613 Market'slreet,
Grand'Hotelblock.'will be closed.
For - the r accommodation of i the - public
our ticket office In the Ferry building,
foot 'of- Market street, will- sell all 1 classes
of tickets,- local *and' overland, and reser
vations will bo made for Pullman sleeping
car accommodations...
¦¦-« T.' H.~ GOODMAN,'
p^t|V' . General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK, ;
Passenger Traffic Manager.
NOTICE.
For; a. Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •
TOPEKA, Kans.,;Nov.* 30^-UnlessC. B.
Streeter, Treasurer^, df Stanton' County;
niakes Ta* levy : of '¦ taxes ; for the purpose of
raising money to. pay defaulted Interest on
J21.0C0 refunding, bonds held 5y the State
permanent : school '¦ f und, , proceedings r will
be instituted . to r oust him • from : office and
to .collect ; from : his bondsmen the ' sum of
$5616/ the ¦ amount . of Interest due and un
paid. ; , . ; ' '
May Be Ousted From Officer
[nnovation to Be Put. Into Effect by
the /Northern' Pacific
" /. Railroad.
ST. PAUL, > Nov. 30.— The Northern Pa
:lflc Railroad has decided : to , substitute
:he telephone for the present telegraph
system ', of '< the road, and will build and
»qulp \ long and" divisional tele
)hone'lines to'take the place of the tele
rraph wherever It Is . deemed practicable,
rhe officials of the road believe that moat
)f; the telegraphing that is now- done in
!onnectlon^ with > the business of the traf
lc department can be as weir if not bet
,er performed by ; telephone.
The plan is, to ; place each station- on a
Uvision In direct communication with th<>
II vision headquarters, and the various di
vision headquarters . are to be connected
vith the general offices . by long distance
Ines. In this .way . much necessary 111
'ormatlon of importance to the traffic and
•peratlng departments which, on^account
»f the limitations of the telegraph system
nust now be sent. by mail, can in the.fu
ure -be -telephoned at- once.: The ad
vantage of this system- Is obvious.
Consecrated Bishop.
FORT/ WAYNE, Ind., -Nov.j 30.— Rev.
Merman- Joseph 'Alerding, late ¦ of ;st." v Jo
seph's '-.' parish; •> Indianapolis,' was f to-day
:onsecrated '¦> Bishop ; of *;•-. the Catholic
Diocese of ;Fort Wayne. Archbishop El
ler . of - Cincinnati was 'the consecrating
jrelate. 'After the prescribed- ceremonies
n the cathedral a banquet was served. ~
TO REPLACE TELEGRAPH
/ WITH TELEPHONE SYSTEM
r.'.'I -never In my life— and I knew Saiah Bat
tle -.tniiiV' of the best' years of it— sax? rer
take out her snuff box when It was hor-tnrn
to, play, or snuff a candle In the middle of a
game, or ring for a servant till It was fairly
over." . • •'
In ; marked contrast with the cozy little
circle at -Lamb's were the magnificent so
cial, gatherings at Holland' House. Here
the company was cosmopolitan: here
might be found the most brilliant men of
every land, the ¦ most < noted , masters in
every art and science. "From the end. of.
."•' 'A clear fire, a clean hearth and the rigor
of the same.' Thta was the celebrate! \»ieh
of old Sarah Battle (now with God), who. next
to her devotions, loved a good .game of
whist. She - was none cf your luke
warm gamesters, your half-and-half play
ers • • who have V no objection to take
a • hand if you want one to . make up a
rubber: who affirm that they have no pleasure
in- wlnninsr:' that they: like to win one game
and lose another: that they can while away
an . hour very agreeably at a card tabl?. but
are -Indifferent whether they play or no. and
will' desir-J eti adversary who has sllop<M a
wrong card to take it up and play anothei.
These . insufferable triflers are the curse of a
table. One of these- flies .will ¦ fcooll . a wU>lt
pot: ' Of such it may be said that they do not
play at cards, but only at playlns at them.
"Sarah Battle was none o! that breed. She
detested .them. < as I do, fro n her heart and
soul.* and., wonld not, * save Lpun a striking
emergency, ! willingly seat herself at
the -¦ same . table with them. She loved
a.- thoroughpaced a determined
enemy. ' She took : ¦ and - gave • ¦ no con
cessions. She hated favors. She- never
made a revoke nor. ever passed H over 'to her
adversary without exacting * the utoicst lor
feiture. - She fought a good fight; cut snl
thrust.' 'She held not her good »vicrd (her
cards) 'like a dancer." She sate^bolt up, and
neither showed -you. her j cards nor:dtalrW to
see. yours. > All people have their blind sld» —
their ' surcrstltlons; and I have . heaiil her de
clare,'under the rose, that hearts waa he» fa
vorite suit;rs3BR(H QHMPv^WMMBBBMnati
Lamb's true humor, however, is seen In
"The Essays of Ella." Its quality is in
describable, "like the flavor of quince"; It
is diffusive and Impossible to quote; it
plays about a subject with" a sort of lam
bent gleam, never bursting Into boisterous
flame, never completely dying out. It is
always kindly, always half pathetic. Says
a well-known critic after speaking of the
crowd of jesters that filled the period with
their noisy clatter:
"We quit their uproarious laughter for his
more quiet and pensive humor with somewhat
of the same feeling that we leave the noisy
though amusing highway for the cool landscape
and the • toft greensward. We reflect as we
smile; the malice of our nature Is rather laid
to rest than called forth; a kindly and forgiv
ing temper is excited. | We rise from his works,
if not with any general truth more vividly
Impressed, yet prepared by gentle and almost
Imperceptible touches to be more social In our
companionship* and warmer in our friend
ships."
' No Quotation can give an adequate idea
of the variety and the quality of Lamb's
humor. We will choose almost at ran
dom his description of Mrs. Battle as a
whist player:
"When J'outhey becomes as modest as hiu
predecp-^rr. Milton, and publishes - his epics
In duodecimo. I will read "em."
"The greatest pleasure I know is to do a
good action by stealth and to have It found
out ¦ by ¦ accident." . , V],,
"George Qyer hath prepared two volumes full
of Tftwjtry and criticism. They Impend over
the town and are threatened to fall In the
winter."
"Coleridge Is an archangel a little damaged
in the ir.aking."
was present, as one of the circle declared,
"Argument, wit, humor, criticism were
hushed; the pertest, smartest and the
cleverest felt that all were assembled to
listen." He was never witty, but he was
an Inexhaustible fountain of wisdom and
inspiration. . Here at times came Words
worth, who deserves mention in a history
of the humorists as the man having, with
the single exception of Milton perhaps,
the smallest sense of humor of all the
English poets. Godwin, the philosopher,
a man equally deficient in huroor, was a
constant visitor, as were'Hazlltt and
Southey and the versatile Leigh Hunt. In
the place of Garrick eat Charles Kemble,
brilliant and chivalrous, and In Gold
smith's place was the whimsical, kindly
hearted Lamb, stammering out puns and
fantastic Jokes, the life and soul of the
company. . • . /
Lamb's stammering:, which was by no
means affected, increased greatly the ef
fectiveness of his sallies. Laughable as
these are as we read them to-day, they
were tenfold more telling when, with pain
ful smile and stammering effort, he first
twisted them out for the delight, of his
¦guests. According to Hazlitt, one of ihe
circle, "he always made the best pun and
the best remark in the course of the even
ing. No one ever stammered out such fine,
piquant, deep, eloquent things in a half
dozen half-sentences as he does. His jests
scald like tears, and he probes a question
with a play on words."
"Charles." asked Coleridge, "have you ever
heard me preach?"
"I n-n-never heard you do anything else,
was the reply.
"Brandy and water," he maintained, "spoiled
two things— brandy and water."
"Oh. yes," he once retorted, "W-W-Words
worth undoubtedly could have wrlttten •Ham
let''If he had the ' m-mind."
"Mr. Lamb." said one "of his employers at
the India House, "you come very late every
morning." "I do, sir," said Lamb, " but 1
make ud for it by going away very early
every afternoon."
Lamb's letters overflow with wit and
good humor. Beneath his Jokes there Is
always a basis of keen observation and
sound criticism. There have been few
keener observers of men and few saner
critics. A few extracts from letters will
illustrate:
WASHINGTON. Nov. 80.— L-leutenant
Commander L. H. H. Southerland, the of
ficer In charge of the naval militia, has
made a special report to the Navy Depart
ment upon the operations of that organi
zation during the past year.
Twenty States are shown to have an or
ganized naval militia, comprising in all
567 officers and 5309 petty officers and en
listed men. The naval appropriation act
allotted the sum of $60,000 for the militia,
of which 557,000 was distributed on Jan
uary 1 last among the twenty. State or
ganizations. The Navy Department as
signed two vessels for the practice cruises
of the militia, the Prairie on the Atlantio
and the Michigan on the great lakes.
Through lack or facilities a vessel, for the
Pacific seaboard was not assigned. Con
tingents from Louisiana, Georgia, Penn
sylvania, New Jersey. Connecticut, Rhode
Island and Maine took short cruises of
about a week's ' duration on the Prairie
and the organizations of Ohio, Michigan
and Illinois made practice trips on the
Michigan. . These cruises developed a
great deal of energy, ability and zeal
among the officers' and a like efficiency,
together with a high state of discipline,
among the enlisted men.
- Lieutenant Commander Southerland sets
forth an array of <acts to make obvious
the absolute necessity of a national
naval reserve, in addition to the present
militia organizations, calling particular
attention to the fapt that this proposed
Innovation is not suggested with any view
whatever of displacing;- the pitesent naval
militia. The General Government of the
United States, says Commander Souther
land, has no direct control whatever over
these naval - militia bodies. They are
State organizations pure and simple, or
ganized under State laws, and thus It Is
that ln« the event of war- no member is
under any obligation to answer a call of
the President for any naval service. Then,
too. It is pointed out that our opponent in
a possible war of the future | may "be a
thoroughly equipped, first rate power, in
striking contrast to our adversary of 1S9S.
and that therefore it behooves the Navy
Department to create some sort of reserve
force, organized under : the provisions of
Federal law and operating under the di
rect • control of the Navy Department,
• ready -at a moment's notice to reinforce
the regular.flghtingeStrength of the navy.
.The status of the Naval Reserve officer
would be well defined. He would Jiold a
commission in the navy signed by the
President and his name would be borne
on- the naval register. The primary, in
fact the spfc object of the first naval re
serve, therfcport says, would be the' plan
ning .of the fleet," while 'the overflow,
which; . would ¦ form . the second reserve,
could "be utilized by, the Navy Department
in many kinds of special duty. .
v Captain C. H. Stockton, president of the
Naval War College, has submitted to the
Navy Department his annual report of th»
work 'of that body during the year ended
October 30 , last. / Various problems were
dealt with. Including naval tactics, naval
reserve and war preparation, 6f the per
sonnel,' the; type ;of . ship best 'suited for
the navy and preparations of war charts.
Recommendations of Lieu
tenant Commander in
URGES NATIONAL
NAVAL RESERVE
In lS64'he was elected an associate of the
National Academy, of Design and exhib
ited there at different .times "The Path
of the River," "Valley of the Croton,'/
"Farmlngton River - Scenery." "The
Brooksfde," "Summer Day in Connecti
cut,'.' "Sunny Summertime," "The Moun
tain Brook," "Near Urummer, Switzer
land.". "Lauterbrunnen," "Lake Como,7
"Lakes of Killarney" and other pictures.
His "In the Woods" was at the Centen
nial exhibition at Philadelphia.
Calif ornians in # New York.
The following Californlans are in New
York: From San . Francisco— R. L. Cole
man and" Mrs, R. L.-Coleman are at the
Holland; Miss G. Cummins is at the
Murray Hill ; Miss E. Dean is at the
Netherlands; W. T. Dunwoody and Mrs.
K. Ettling are at the Imperial ; H. M.
Hayes is at the Cosmopolitan; L. A. Hell
ing is at the Hoffman; C. D. Heye Is at the
St. George; . D. A. Hulse Is at the Nor
mandie; v J. H. Kruttschnltt is at the Im
perial; N. Leavenworth and wiCe are at
the Grand Union; H. Land. Jr. -Is at tn«
Imperial ; V. Morrison is at the . Gilsey ;
Mrs. C. N M. Murphy is at the Murray Hill;
J.»F.' Post, Jr. is at the Imperial; F. J.
Rodger, is at the St. Denis: C. Roemer Is
at the Grand Union; W. Root and wife
are at. the Gilsey; Miss N. A. \Veiller is at
the, Imperial; W. F. Herrln is at the Hol
land; A. R.' Partridge is at the Hoffman;
J. Wand Is at the Cadillac.
From Los Angeles— C. A. Bowker l.« at
the Morton; L. N.: Craig is at the Herald
Square; F. J.-Hart is at the Holland; C.
H. Reynolds in at the; Bartholdl-Ui^
' From San Jose — G. H. - Anderson lsat the
Hoffman ;-C. P. Bailey/ Dr.- W. C. Bailey
are: at the Park Avenue; J. Steve Is at
the Earlingtoh; Mrs. Ross Montrose is at
the Hoffman. ' ' —12BSS19&B&SH3BB&
Both wills are signed "W. M. Rice."
Although there' la a resemblance in both
signatures, the signature "to the will filed
to-day is said to be almost a fac simile of
the signatures to the two checks pre
sented for payment on the day on which
Rice died, while the signature to the will
of 1896 differed somewhat in regard to the
formation of 'the initial "M."
The will of 1S96 is a written document,
whereas the "second"' will is typewrit
ten, nothing being written with pen and
ink save the names of Maurice Meyers
and David L. Short, the witnesses to the
instrument. ' j
Death of Artist Ogilvie.
' Clinton Ogilvie, the artist, Is dead at tho
Sherman Square: Hotei, where he lived.
He was born in th!3 c^y in 1838. His
father Vas the late Wliliam Halsey Ogll
vie. Clinton Ogilvie devoted himself to
landscape painting and studied under
James Hart. He* worked for some time in
Paris. .
Following these bequests the will says:
"I give, devise and bequeath to Albert
T. Patrick, formerly of Texas, all the ret?t
and residue of my estate,. real, personal
and mixed, heretofore or hereafter ac
crued and wheresoever situated."
"Your petitioner further states that the
estate given to the petitioner in and by
the said last will and testament of Wil
liam Marsh Rice must be taken subject
to a trust In favor of such purposes and
beneficiaries Intended to be benefited by
the said will."
• Counsel also said that he Is now pre
paring for execution by Patrick a paper In
which the petitioner : may in legal form
make effective the instructions constitut
ing the secret trust, the provisions of
which it is promised will be made public
about the middle of December. All be
quests in the second will are subject to
the condition that the beneficiaries accept
without contest "and that they will exe
cute such conveyances and releases of any
or all of my estate wheresoever situated
and of whatsoever nature to the said Al
bert T. Patrick as he may demand: and
any legatee not so doing Is forever barred
from taking under this will or in any
manner inheriting any portion of my es
tate and such portion shall enure to the
said Albert T. Patrick^"
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— M. E. Harby,
the attorney representing Albert -T. Pat
rick, filed In the Surrogate's Court to-day
what* is called the "second will" of the
late, Texas millionaire, William Marsh
Rice. In the petition accompanying the
will counsel for Patrick says:
Document Drawn Up by
Lawyer Patrick Offered
for Probate.
WILL OF RICE
IS FILED IN COURT
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
HOLLAND HOUSE AND TEMPLE LANE.
last -century," says Reid, "until the
opening years of Queen Victoria's reign,
few men in England of liberal proclivities
who had gaineu renown in art, literature,
politics or science failed to make ac
quaintance with Holland House and its
genial and patriotic owner." Lord Hol
land and hip most brilliant wife — the mag
nets which drew society to this "enchant
ed palace." as Sydney Smith termed it
were as marvelously gifted as any of
their guests. The host at those frequent
dinners, of which the letters of that
I period make such frequent mention, was
! a man most lovable and most brilliant.
Hl3 repartee and table witticisms are still
remembered. Xo man was ever quicker
at impromptus. Of Southey. the poet
he said:
' Our Laureate Bob defrauds the kins-
He takes his cash and does not sin*;
Yet on he iocs. I know not why,
. slnglnr for us — who do not. buy.
Lady Holland— beautiful. imperious,
tactful, cften sarcastic— ruled the tabl*
with firm hand. Few dared withstand
her; Macaulay sank into silence at her
word. Smith, however, was sometimes
Incorrigible. "Sydney," she once com
Rirjided. '-'ring the bell." "Oh, yes." wu
the retort, "and ehail I sweep the room?"'
No one could be more outspoken. Lord
Rochester had remarkea that h© had a
poem nearly through the press. "Dearj
dear," cried Lady Holland; "I am sorry to
hear that — can't you suppress it?"
The Dr. Johnson of this group was th%
phenomenal Macaulay — "a book in
breeches," as Smith once declared. Hia
vivacity and his enormous erudition made
him "the king of diners-out." "He ha*
the strength of ten men," declared Emer
son, who met him In London: "Immens*
memory, fun. fire, learning, politics, man.
ners and pride, and talks all the time In
a steady torrent." Like Johnson and-
Coleridge, he was the center of every
circle he entered.
"Macaulay Improves. Macaulay im
proves!" cried Sydney Smith. "I have ob<
served in him of late flashes of— silence.'*
The "sonorous vivacity" of this enormous
talker often nettled Smith, who found it
impossible often to> voice his own wit and
wisdom. "I wish I could write pcetry
like you. Rogers." he once complained:
I would write an 'Inferno,' and l would
put Macaulay among %a number of dis
putants and gag him!"
Another contemporary described him as
"slopping all over on every subject and
standing in the slops."
Macaulay's wit was as caustic and aa
ready as that of his critics. He once de
scribed Lord Brougham as "a kind of
semi-Solomon, /half-knowing everything
from. the>cedar to tne hyssop."
The wit and wisdom which flowed with
the wine at dinners at Holland House
were not rescued for later generations. A
few fragments have come down to as
enough to make us mourn that Boswells
appear so seldom In the annals of a lit
erature. How we would like to read the
table talk of a single evening when Fox
and Sheridan and Hook and Byron and
Sydney Smith and dozens of others, all
sat about the board! Of Smith's happy
hits and droll sallies we have a consider
able stock preserved in Lady Holland's
life of her father.
Xo- other Englishman ever so bubbled
over with wit and merry good nature.
Says Trevelyan. the biographer of Macau
lay: "He is full of wit, humor and
shrewdness. He is not one of those ahow
talkers who reserve all their good things
for special occasions. It seems to be his
greatest luxury to keep his wife and
daughters laughing for two or three hours
every day."
He once found a little boy in a lane
stroking a tortoise "to please it." "Child."
said the genial dean, "you might as well
stroke, the, dome of St. Paul's to please
the dean and the chapter."
The question of a wooden pavement
about the cathedral once arose In the
chapter for discussion. "Ah." said Smith.
with his usual matter-of-fact tone. "If,
my reverend brethren here will but lay
their heads together the thing will be
done in a trice.
One day the conversation turned upon
an obstinate man who was full of preju
dices. "You might," said Smith, "as well
attempt to poultice the humps off a
camel's back.
"Daniel Webster," he declared, "struck,
me much like a steam engine in trousers."
Of the historian Prescott he once ex
claimed, "When he comes to England a
Caspian Sea of soup awaits him."
"Of course." he once remarked, "if ever
I so to a fancy ball at all I should go as
a aispenter."
"My living in Yorkshire was so far out
of the way that it was actually twelve
miles from a lemon."
"The dean of ." he declared.-, "de
serves to be preached to death by wild
curates."
"No, I don't like dogs," he said at one
time. "I always expect them to go mad.
A lady asked me once for a motto for her
Spot. I proposed 'Out. damned Spot!" buc
she did not think it sentimental enough.
You remember the story of the French
marquise who, when her pet lapdog bit a
piece out of her foqlman's leg, exclaimed:
'Ah,' poor little beast! I hope it won't
make him sick.' I called one day on Mrs.
, and her lapdog flew at my leg and
bit it. After pitying her dog. like the
French marquise, s»he did ail she could to
comfort me Tby assuring me the dog was
a dissenter and hated the church ana was
brought up in a Tory family."
Examples might be multiplied Indefinite
ly of Smith's ready wit. His contributions
to the Edinburgh Review, which are nu
merous, overflow with happy hits, satiric
touches and merry jokes. Despite his
brilliancy he left behind him no single
masterpiece upon which his fame can rest.
His literary energies were expended al
most wholly upon discussions of timely
topics, upon reviews and criticisms, most
ly of an ephemeral nature.
Yet Smith was not a mere Jester like
Theodore Hook.\ Edward Everett, who
once listened to his table-talk, declared
that If Smith "had not been known as the
wittiest man of his day be would have
been accounted one of the wisest." He
was not a caustic wit, like Pope and
Swift. In the words of his biographer.
"No more kindly humorist ever breathed
than Sydney Smith, and the fact that
though be was armed with so sharp a
weapon, he went through life surrounded
by the love as well as admiration of those
who knew him best says a gTeat deal not
only for the goodness of his heart, but
also for his habitual self-restraint." Be
hind all cf his wit lay an immense fund
of practical wisdom. He saw quite through
men and measures, and he used his wit as
a weapon to attack what seemed to him
to be abuses and to relieve those op
pressed by injustice. A book of selections
might be made from his scattered reviews
an<3 letters that would be worthy to place
beside the best books of practical wisdom
in the language. His advice is eminently
full of common sense and eminently help
ful. . ¦ - .
He discusses most delightfully the three
"fallacies of society"— "Fallacy one,- be
cause I have sone through it, my son shall
go through It also; fallacy two, I have
said I will do it. and I will do It— I will
stick to my word; fallacy, three, I object
to half measures— it Is neither one thing
nor the other."
"I always say to young people." he
writes, "beware of carelessness; no- for
tune will stand it long. You are on the\
high road to ruin the moment you think I
yourself rich enough to be careless."
"Never give way to melancholy; resist
it steadily, for the habit will encroach. I
once gave a yor.ng lady two and twenty
receipts against melancholy; one was a
bright fire, another to remember all the
pleasant things said to and of her. an
other to keep a box of sugar plums on the
chimneyplece : and a kettle simmering on
the hob; take short views, hope for the
best 'and trust' in. God; reverence and
stand in awe of yourself; don't be too se
vere on yourself and your own failing;
keep on; don't faint; be energetic to the
last/'guMSM
Such a warm-hearted, courageous, sun
ny optimist is like a spring in the desert.
like a glorious day in midwinter. We join
in his full, hearty laugh; we listen to his
sound philosophy, and we forget our sor
rows, our petty grievances, our suspicions
and morbid Imaginings. We breathe a full
breath' from the .vast, free-aired, life-giv
ing, elemental spaces, and we are renewed
in body and in soul.
FRED LEWIS PATTKS.
Pennsylvania State College.
HUjhOR OPBNGLISHAND AMERICAN LITERATURE
Ortega; who stood deathly pale and mo
tionless as a statue, was on the verge of
a collapse. At the completion >.¦ of the
court's :emarks he •••said, "Is that all
you've got?" Attorney Brooks touchod.the
prisoner and he fat down.
On the way back to Jail Ortega broke
down and cried. He refused to talk about
the matter, except to apply a number of
epithets to the Judge.
Ortega, who has gained some reputation
as a pugilist, is 24 years» of nge He Is a.
gradupte of the Whlttier Reform School,
and. with the rest of his family, has been
constantly in trouble with the police. One
brother^had served a term in State pris
on, another has been in the reform school,
one is now at Whittiet and another at the
lone Industrial School. ¦:/ :,'.?**
Attorney Brooks secured a writ of ha
beas corpus before Judge Rhodes to-day,
returnable Monday, in which the validity
cf the city Justice Court in which Ortega
was committed for trial will be attacked.
Ortega's attorneys will .-also appeal their
case to the Supreme Court.
Judge Lorigan then reqnested Orteg* to
stand up for^ sentence. Ortega had noth
ing to say as to why sentence 6hould not
bepassed upon him. A sneer was on his
face 'and ho painfully assumed an air of
bravado." • Sentence was then . pronounced
by Judge Lorijjan in the following scath
ing words:- "The character of the crime
is of such a serious nature that the court
has allowed a wide latitude in the trial
and sentence.. The charge of which you
are convicted does not compel me to out
line the case. While you are legally guilty
of criminal, assault, you are morally re
sponsible for tbe death of the girl's moth,
er- The crime of which you stand con
victed is inexcusable. Society at all times
has- had a natural abhorrence of such
acts, and men round guilty of such crimes
as you stand convicted of have at the
hands of the popu\ace been burned at the
stake or hanged on the gfbbet. It is the
judgment of the court that you should be
placed bej'ond the confines of society for
the term of yovr natural, life, and so I
sentence you to life imprisonment at San
Quentln. leaving your future. to the clem
ency of the State executive."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
the prisoner to Redwood City for safe
keeping.
The trial, a sensational one, was con
ducted behind closed doors. The evidence
was conclusive, as one witness positively
identified Ortega as the man he saw In
the buggy with the girl. A* speedy convic
tion followed.
A motion_f,or a new trial was argued by
Attorney Brooks before Judge Lorigan to
day, who denied the motions The court
room was thronged with spectators.
JACK ORTEGA, WHO WAS'
SENTENCED TO LIFE IM
PRISONMENT.
' . ' ¦ - ":¦'¦ . . '..¦''¦¦¦¦¦.;
Condemned Man Between His Sobs Hurls Vile Epithets
at the Judge While Being Taken to Prison. :•
SAN JOSE, ¦ Nov. 30— Jack Ortega,
the pugilist, was to-day, sentenced
to life imprisonment at San Quen
tin for criminal assault on Grace
Gamble, the 11-year-old daughter
of J. A. Gamble.
The case was one of the mo6t sensa
tional in the history of the; county. Its
atroclousness and the resultant dtath of
Mrs. Gamble, the girl's mother, when she
heard of the fato of her daughter, aroused
the people, to a high pitch. At first It was
feared they would take. the law in their
own hands and lynch Ortega.
On' August 2o last as Grace Gamble and
two young brothers were on their way
home from church the little girl, who had
run a block ihead of the others, was in
vited to ride home by a stranger In a bu^
gy. Grace, who is only 11 years old, con
sented and climbed in. ' The man drove
down past her home, but refused to let
her get Out. Mrs; Gamble,' who had come
home from church on a street car, was at
the gate waiting for her daughter. . When'
the nxan refused to stop the girl cried out
in alarm to her mother, and the wretch
whipped up the horse. He then drove Into
a vacant field some distance away and
subjected the girl to the most brutal treat
ment. Mrs. Gamble, when she heard her
daughter's cry of ' distress, spread .'the
alarm, and the search was at once com
menced for her. She was found return-
Ing home In ft dazed condition. When Mrs.
Gamble heard of the treatment her daugh
ter had received she went Into hysterics,
and after fearful suffering died early
next morning, a weak heart having aided
In her demise. . /
Ortega was a.t once suspected from the
description of the buggy and man given
by the girl. Two days later he was ar
rested and positively identified by the girl
as her asailant.
Feeling had been bo' aroused It was
feared he woulfl be lynched, and to pre
vent such a thing Sheriff Langford took
PROBABLE CAUCUS
OF REPUBLICANS
May Meet to Discuss the New
Bill to Reduce the War
Revenues.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON, HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 3O.-There
may be a conference of all the Republican
members of the House of Representative*
on the bill for the reduction of war taxes
betore it is formally reported by the Com
mittee on Way and Means.
According to the original programme
the bill was to have been submitted to a
meeting of the full membership of the
Committee on Ways and Means to-mor
row. Owing to tne absence of eevcral
Republicans, however, it was not certain
that the Republicans would.be In the ma
jority In to-morrow's meeting and It was
determined to-day that the bul should not
be laid before the full committee until
after the opening of the session of Con-
The' advocates- of the reduction of the
beer tax have not been able to get satis
faction from the committee, but they have
not yet given up hope. , ; '
Representative J. W. Babcock of Wis
consin, chairman of the Republican Con
gressional Campaign Committee, is being
strongly pressed for the vacancy on the
Committee on Ways and Means, caused
bv the resignation of Mr. Dolliver. If
Idr. Babcock should be appointed it Is ex
pected that he will stand out for the re
duction of the beer tax in the interest of
the brewers of Milwaukee, who supported
the Republican ticket in the recent cam
paign. • \v
Such features of the new. measure .pre
pared by the Republican members- as
have become known, together with omis
sions that the committee have made In
the proposed reductions, have caused con
siderable opposition and it Is probable
that a conference or caucus of the Repub
lican members will be held before a final
decision is reached. The greatest oppo
sition that has developed comes from the
brewing interests. Representatives from
districts where a great deal of beer is
manufactured are making serious protests
against the action of the committee in not
reducing the tax on beer. There are
some other interests also which are mak
ing protests and the Republican members
of the House h ave telegraphed their
friends on the Ways and Means Commit
tee that they think the proposed bill
should be changed. The fact that the ma
jority in the present House Is only six
teen warns the Republican managers
that a bill must be supported by practical
ly the entire Republican membership in
order to pass. . If General Grosvenor ar
rives to-morrow it is possible that the Re
publican members now in the city may
make a request for a caucus to be held
early next week.
CREATES BOARD FOR THE
REVISION OF RAILWAY RATES
Mexican Government Will Supervise
the Fixing- of Carriers' °
Tariffs.
AUSTIN. Tex.° Nov. ¦ 30.— A dispatch
from Monterey, Mexico, says: The offi
cials of the Mexican railway lines here
have been notified by the ; Mexican Gov
ernment that, acting in accordance with
the .instructions of President Diaz, .the
National Department of Communications
has created a railway tariff revising
board, which will, enter .on the
discharge of its -duties to-morrow,
December 1. The board will -con
sist of two lawyers, a technical rail
way inspector, an official of the Depart
ment- of Communications, an official- of
one of the railway companies, a member
of the National Chamber of Commerce a
member of the National Agricultural So
ciety and a secretary.
« Only the five members of the board
named first will have a vote at:the meet
ings, but ' the other members will beal
low-ed to give their views on all subjects
relating to railway rates that' come before
the meeting.
Under the Mexican railway law all' the
railway companies of Mexico must revise
their tariffs of rates - every ¦ three years,
and it will be the duty of this new board
to decide as to the acceptance of these
revised rates as well as: to consider, other
matters relating to changes of rates. M
TAKE THEIR LAST LOOK AT
SENATOR DAVIS' REMAINS
Thousands Pass Before the Catafalque
- Where the Body itsposed
in State.
ST. , PAUL, Nov. • 30.— For j flve hours to
day a steady stream of people slowly filed
through the Governor's rooms in the Stale
Capitol to take a last look at the remains
of the late Cushman ¦ Kellogg Davis.
'Nearly 20.000 people viewed the remains.'...
At 3 o'clock the line of: people seemed
to be without end and it was found neces
sary to close the'doors, turning thousands
away. The coffin, Was then ' again carried
to the 'hearse by the: State.' artillerymen
and the same- simple .' escort 'proceeded
back to: the Senator's late home.
JACK ORTEGA IS SENTENCED
TO IMPRISONMENT FOR LIFE
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
CHARLES LAMB.
7
¦ --.¦• : *
' During the first third of the nineteenth
century English wit and humor found Its
soul and center In two widely different
circles— one supping weekly In the humbla
rooms-of Charles and Mary Lamb, the
o.ther dlnirig frequently at Holland House,
with the roost brilliant surroundings and
the most eminent list of guests which the
period could furnish. In each of these
groups one man stood pre-eminent as. a
wit ,-. and a merry soul — Charles Lamb,
quaint and lovable, perhaps the most gen
uine of all English humorists, and Sydney
Smith, brilliant, philosophical, "the wit
tiest of Englishmen."
Lamb's weekly suppers had In them
much to remind one of the early meetings
of the Literary Club. They were delight
fully Informal; one might come and go as
he pleased— ml<ht eat with the young and
hungry', or sit by "a clear fire and a clean
hearth" and play his rubber of whist in
stead. There was no skillful general like
Lady 'Holland to command the conversa
tion, to keep it Incessant and varied and
ever brilliant, to say with a tap of her fan
on the table, "Now, Macaulay, we have
had enough of this; give us something
else," to steer from dangerous points and
to rule the board with diplomatic skill. At
Lamb's, as at Goldsmith's in the earlier
days, all was freedom and comradeship
and good feeling. The talk that rattled
about the whist tables and over the cold
mutton was the most spontaneous and
natural in all the world.
As we. view Jt to-day it was no common
group that gathered at Temple Lane.
Here, In the place which a half-century
earlier would have been occupied by the
great Johnson, sat the Inspired Coleridge,
the/ man who attempted to cover the en
tire field of human knowledge, and vet,
in the words of Do Qulncey. who "finished
nothing but his sentences.'' Whenever he
To Name Sixty Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— The Preil-
Jent in the first week of Congress will
submit to" the Senate for confirmation
sixty nominations for Presidential post
jfflces. This includes those appointed dur
ns the recess and Postmasters whose
•erms of office expire previous to January
i next. It 'Is the smallest list of recess
lominees sent in for some years. . « ¦"
Cloakmaker Falls.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— Charles 1.
"reedman.'cloakmaker, filed a petition In
jankruptcy to-day. Liabilities ttZJBt, •*¦
seta 130,000, . ; . --¦ v
em. CmCHCSTCR'S CNGLI8M * *
PeNNYROYA^, FILLS
k2 _/T»~v 'Orlclnol on* Only Oeaulne.
R/~v*>.N.8ArE. *lw«yf r«H»ble. Ladle*. »«k Dranrirt
> (( C-Vei ft" CHICUESTEK'S KNGLISH
/y%4^rtC\ i° Kt'.n *o4 Cold urtallie Loxei. mled
S-v —Tv*« »'<»> >>><>• ribbon. T>ke no other. Refnta
Tn *** T1J KatMtltatloDs «nd J mlU-
1/ ~- (t\ tloBk. Buy er jour DrotrgUt. or tfod 4*. In
w Jg »;»mpi fir Partlenlars, Te«tlm»nlala
l» tJ) ujd '• Relief for Lmdles," in Utter, by re.
P ' ion Mall. KI.OIMI 1>«tln>onl*!i. Sold by
— r. »J »ru«l»<fc Cklehntcr Chemical O«_
UcatioD thHptp.tr Uadltoa Kquaro, t'HlLA.. l'Z,
BAJA CALIFORNIA -
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT- RESTORATIVE, IN VIGORA-
• tor and Nervine. '¦ ">• .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
*S23 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, :
KEAH.VT.ASl/ WASHINGTON ' STS.— RE-
znodeled and - renovated. KING, . WARD . A
CO. European vlan. . Rooms, SOc to Jl 50 day;
(5 to 18 week; fi to S20 month. . Free bath*: hot
and cold vats?.* every room; fire rrates la every
room; elevator runs all night.
\fter-Theatcr Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
male for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It Is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity. of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening : (Sundays exempted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office. '. "
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
. AMUSEMENTS. ¦
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT
FRANK L. PERLET PRESENTS
ALICE NIELSEN
And the Alice Nielsen Opera Co.
In Herbert, Smith & Stange's Opera,
"THE SINGING GIRL"
week! THE F0K1UNE, TELLER.
Alice Nielsen In Her Original Stellar Role.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY)." DEC. L
Parquet. 23c. any seat: Balcony, 10c;. Children,
10c, any part, except reserved.
\ VALUtVlLLE BILL WITHOUT A FLAW!
JULIUS P. WITMABK, DUPONT
AND LOTHIAN, ANNE KEN-
WICK, MALLOBT BROTHERS
AND. BROOKS. THE GREAT
WALDON, STELLING AND RE-
VEt,L, CONDITT AND MOREY,
SANSONE AND DEXILA, IONE
MacLOUTH.
ALF ELUNGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 77»
-¦^gJjVaOjjj. LAST TIMES
Wk*\ matinee to-day.
f|*yff|^-^!? W TO-NIGHT •
\^*?^y^&», L» Th * Magrtc Wonder,
HERRMANN
a^. 14^ ; THE GREAT, accompanied
/&fcrv^^»." • ' t>T the gT«>at musical wron-
«5»Pf - d ers. THE R— NOSSHS— 5.
Erenine— I5o. 25c. S5c. BOc and 75c. Matinee—
I5c 25o 3-*c and 50c. To-morrow (Sunday) Aft-
ernoon— THE RAYS' Howling Success, "A HOT
OLD TIME." Greater. Grander, More Funny.
Than Ever.
) Special OIDQ
) Sale of rUtlOi
I»ndon dywl
\ sSSi^lfiB^ Mink Capee,
'*"-^«^"V-'l^c5^ Remodeling.
V* Aflf' rr^K|l A Dyeing and '
1 -»S»i^ i-VT 1 * Dressing at
V.; *> ehort notice.
AD. KOGOUR,
i - RELIABLE FURRIER.,
121 POST STREET,
(Dont's Mistake the Number.)
Rooms 7 to 11. Phone Black 3743..
AMUSEMENTS.
H0B0?CO'5 GBAJH 0PE8A-50D5E.
MAUR1CB GRAU OPBRA CO. ¦
LA.ST THREE PERFORMANCES.
This Afternoon at 2. Farewell Matinee—
"LA TIIAV1ATA'"— Mtlba, Van Cauterrn.
Bauenti^lster, Campanart, Bars. Dufrich«. G1I-
ibert aad Creraonlni. Conductor. Mr. Man-
rinem. PRICKP-J! tn Jt. _ -„_..
This Evening— Extra Performance—' I/JHl t >-
3RIN'"— Gadski and Schumann-Helnk. _\ an
tvrck. Muhlrnann. Du^rJche and Blass. Con-
Suctor, Mr. 'Walter Damrosch.
SPECIAL PRICES Tor thi« Pet • onnanee— Or-
ehestr* and S FYont Row*. Dress Circle. ».
Drw Cirri* <la«t. S rows). J4: Family Circle, p:
Gallerv. VS.; Boxes. K0. $:S. 130; General AdmU-
llm «.
To-Morrow Erenlnp— Popular and Farewell
•fight— ••RICK>L.ETTO."
Puzanr.V Adams. Bauertnrtstrr, Van Ca «^ren
¦ nd Homer; Salfzu. Journet. Gilibert. Dufrlche,
Vlx-laxl. Maslero and Scotti.
Conductor. Mr. Flon.
PRICES— II. *2. St DO. JS.
Boxes $12. J15. $1^- General Admlsy'.on II.
TCERER PIANO i:SKO
GRA! <D O' * A *-' C " " r "
MONDAY EVEMNG >EXT, DEC. 3.
REOPENING of the Dramatic Seaaon.
FIRST APPEARANCE of th«
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist <J!rect trom New Tork.
In a «ui>«-b production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First t!m» at popular prices.
lOc, 15c, SSe and SOc.
A few fror.t rows In orchestra, 75e.
EEATS NOW ON SALE.
Branch ticket office — Emporium.
•To More Than Ycasg. I'm Childish."
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
Thousar.<i8 are flocklns to ee« the superb
Comic Opera Triumph.
A JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
With Ita Wealth of illrth and Jlelodjr.
Next Monday Begins the THIRD WEEK
OF 'A JOLLY MUSKETEER."
Every Evening at 8 O'clock.
POPCLAR PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
€KTH EAT R £+< >
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Aug-DStln Daly's Laughable Play.
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
—
SEATS XOTV READT FOR NEXT WEEK.
Da via Belasco'i Charnilnj Japanese Story,
"MADAME BUTTERFLY."
LADIES' MAfiNEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
TO-MORROW NIGHT AND AL1.
NEXT WEEK!
HAVERLY'S
MASTODONMINSTRELS
Commencing To-morrow Afternoon,
ENTIRE CHAVGE OF PROGRAMME.
USt'AL POPXTLAR PRICES.
CHUTES!
THIRD DAY of the
Big Thanksgiving Jubilee!
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
GRAND
PRIZE CAKEWALK!
B STAR COUPLES FROM ALL OVER THE
STATE.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland.
TO-DAY AT 3 f*. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2.-3O T*. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrlsoa Street*.
THE SAN FflANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAJVFORAN PARK.'
Initial meeting Monday, Nov. 19, to Saturday,
jf-c. 1. inclusive, tils or more races each ween
Say. Elx etake events, one hurdle race and
wo steeplechases flret two weeks. First ' rac»
>t tite day at 2:10 p. m. Trains l#-ave Third
ird Townsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7.
8:40. 11:30 a. m.. 1. 1:80 and 2 p. m . foUoweJ
ifter the Ian race, at intervaU of a Tew mln-
ttes, by several specials. r.?ar cars re»;r»-w.
or ladles and their escorts. AdnilF^lon t» t'jm
nurse. Including; railroad far*-, ri.25.
D. LTNCH PRINOL.E. Becretary.
RALPH H. TOZER, Racing Secretary.
FfCCHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSt.
Mrr.e. GabrlM Stlrval: Mae Eidgerton Davis ;
Jorlnne, in •"Historical Antique": Olive. Vail
md Anryle Tullr: -Irene Kranklyn; Ouhama,
he Jap.>a«4 Harry H. Waltoc Reserved seats
be. Matinees Sundar. MMBPV91 ¦¦ - '
- '. r
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE UVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&L~jzg£rz£
Terr muOI ajMt as eas? -j—
to CjlIca act n£ur.
SEE l/iAD-rrefr F0R HEADACHE. CCD
3EC {CARTERS FOR mZZIWESS. -
ccwmwD Kittle r0R biliousness. rcwm vD
GENUINE W I web for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PI I LS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER JLI! M "R sallow skin. WBAPPEK
25 TSo I Purely Veyeta»e»v<%g~^5^S
B]S £¦ • — --... T7\ I'Ji.. — ' C«57i>r:i)4
ADVERTISEMEHTS.For e Cold in the Head.
I Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •
INTEBEST TAKEN IN CHOICE
OF SUCCESSOR TO DAVIS
Much Depends' Upon the Action of
Governor '.. Lind *»" and Partisan
Strife', Expected. " y
ST. PAUL, Nov. 30.— Much interest is
taken In the choice of a successor to Sen
ator Davis, and the action 1 of 'Governor
Lind to fill the ; vacancy until the . Legisla
ture meets is, expected to have anlmpor
tant bearing on the result. If , Governor
Llnd appoints a Democrat the matter. will
be-. ve^y simple,' for then the Republicans
can fight" it out without; any one having
an advantage.: However, -1ft the Governor,
who was until four • years ago a leading
Republican; should . appoint a Republican
to the vacancy with the idea that the term
is so short that it i would. serve no party
end to name a ! Democrat the | Republican
legislators anticipate that - such an :¦ ap
pointment might stir up party strife. .The
Republican majority on joint ballot is over
ninety, -so that the fight Is', within the
party ranks.^ ¦•:•.•¦.•.¦¦.:<¦¦ ¦.---,•••: : ,¦'¦¦>¦¦'¦. ".,->',,-
The present proposal: is that- when the
caucus : meets the lone I term for the suc
cession Uo "Senator /.Nelson shall be dis
posed of finally before the .vacancy." is
considered. .Irr view, of the \ strong 'In
dorsement ¦ by the i State « and ;¦ legislative
conventions given f or Nelson's re-elec
tion it is .probable that -this will be done.
Killed by Explosion.
. BELLEFONTAINE. 5 Qhlo. '¦ Nov. 30.— A
boiler, explosion to-day 2 eight* miles > west
of here killed S Upton '•; Moore T - and - Heiley
Heaton. Charles Mohr was fatally -hurt:
They - were • farmers : and ; were engaged in
shredding, fodder..
1 Von: G-oetzen to Be Selected.
•;; BERLIN, Nov. 30.-Von Gqetzen, former
German ; attache '. of c the* 3 German I embassy
In Washington,- will be appointed^ accord
ing to i the ¦< Deutsche -¦' Zeltung, Governor
General-ofj GermanEast Africa, «
MAY DEFEAT PASSAGE OF.
_ . ' PACIFIC CABLE BTLL
Marconi's Declaration That He Will
Send Messages Across the Sea
Without Wires.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— Signor Mar
coni's declaration . that he will be able to
flash messages without wires between Eu
rope and '. America may prevent the pas
sage of the bill for the Pacific cable. « ,
¦'•". Chairman Hepburn of . the. House Com
mittee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce, who reported the Pacific cable bill
in , the last session ¦ of Congress, said to
day: ;¦ - " ¦ - ¦- - ' -- ' ¦ ''¦¦ "¦ • ¦ . V' '. ¦
"What is '-the' use of putting $15,000,000 or
$20,000,000 under. the ocean in a cable plant
if an Invention; has .been perfected that
will render all submerged cables useless?"
. Advocates of the cable bill .will; push It
early - In the session. Its chances will be
further- complicated.: however.^ by- differ
ences of opinion between those who fa
vor a subsidized cable and those who fa
vor construction ; by . the Government.
INTEBNATTONAI. SEAMEN'S
"UNION CHOOSES OFFICERS
Andrew Furuseth ; of This City a
Member of the Executive
, Committee. :
Nov. 30.— The International
Seamen's Union to-day, elected these offi
cers:''"" -• .' l '-.-' ¦
..President, William Range. Chicago;
vice >' president, ' x . William - : Ajiderson.' San
Francisco; ';- secretary-treasurer, William
¦ H. i Fra8er, Boston; executive committee—
AndrewJ.'Furuseth, San Francisco; Wil
liam ? McArthur,* San Francisco; William
H.T. Fraser,- Boston: delegates to the an
nual Federation , of Labor— Andrew Furu
seth, of , San Francisco and W.' H. , Fraser
of Boston. ¦-f^^SBBBB8$SKBwSi
Czar Rapidly Recovering.
- ST. ; PETERSBURG,' Nov. 30.—Iiiforma
tlon received through private sources fully
confirm ¦ the ! recent favorable " bulletins re
ferring to the Czar's health. i: His ¦ Majesty
has. made 'such genuine Improvement that
his * condition seems to : promise certain
recovery.;: ;
MANILA, Nov. 30.— General MacArthur
has confirmed the sentences of hanging
passed upon four natives recently con
victed oi^ murder at LJngayen. The con
demned were members of the Guardla de
Honor, a hand of assassins whose victims
were Kidnaped and boloed. They will-be
hanged December 21.
The cruiser Newark, under orders to
proceed to Guam to Investigate the cir
cumstance of the disaster to the United
States auxiliary cruiser Yosemite, has not
yet sailed. .
.The transport Indiana, which, as an
nounced November 7, went ashore on the
east side of the Isla de PoHllo off the east
coast of Luzon." was successfully floated
and arrived at Binangonan Sound short of
coal. She transferred to the United States
transport Pennsylvania the contingent of
the Twenty-second Infantry and the sup
plies destined for Baler and then proceed
ed for Nueva Caceres on the Biol River
province of South Camarines.
FATHER MTJBPHY WTLI.
BAPTIZE VANDEEBILT BABY
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— The christening
of;the infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs
W. K./yanderbllt Jr. will take place some
time next month and in all probability
shortly before Christmas. Father Mur
phyrof the Cathedral, who officiated at
the marriage of Miss-Fair and Mrj Van
derbilt,,will In: all probability perform the
ceremony, which will not take place until
Mrs. Vanderbilt Is able to be out.
AsL the infant Is. to be baptized in the
Catholic faith. It Is likely that . the cere
mony will take place in the baptistry of
St. Patricks Cathedral. AH this will of
course, depend on the condition of the
mother ; and child, who, at the present
time, are in excellent health.
INSUBGENT FOBCES ABE
''¦;¦• subeoxtndedVat coeozal
.. COLON, Colombia.; Nov. 30.— The latest
advices from Cartagena announce that
the - Government \ forces,' numbering 4000
with artillery, now surround the Liberal
or insurgent forces at Corosal, in the Ha
bana region of ; Bolivar. - The Insurgents
are under the command of General Urlbe
whose request to treat for peace has been
rejected. '"^
General MacArthur Confirms the Sen
tence Passed Upon Four
NATIVE BANDITS TO
DIB ON THE OAIXOWS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 30.-On.e of those pe
culiar shooting affairs not infrequent in
the Italian colony occurred shortly after
midnight last night on the lower Sacra
mento road. The gun wtelder was David
Bartolas, a saloonkeeper of this city. Ac
cording to his story his home was entered
by v.u u l glars We< 3needay night and he was
robbed of $400 of his own money and $300
in stocks and certified checks belonsrlnir
.to his barkeeper.
At midnight, so he says, he heard some
one attempting to come into his house by
the front door. Bartolas arose and hast
ily graspir.g a shotgun which was stand
ing near the head of his bed he advanced
into the hallway. He saw some one in
the act of coming through his front door
and he fired. The person turned to run
and the saloonkeeper fired the other bar
rel. A scream followed the second shot
and Bartolas recognized the voice as that
of his wife. The poor woman ran a dis
tance of 150 feet to the house of a neigh
bor and her husband followed. He \helped
to carry her indoors and lay her on a bed
at the same time protesting that he did
not know it was she when he shot.
Drs. Hammond and Cross atttended the
woman. They found that • the charge of
shot had taken effect in her right breast.
The woman is an Italian and Is unable to
speak English. She intimated to the phy
sicians that the shooting was an accident.
Bartolas has not yet been placed In jail
and it is possible that he will «not- be
prosecuted.
Mrs. Bartolas was resting easily at a
late hour this afternoon and her physician
¦tated that she would probably recover
MEDINA IS CAPTUBED
Is Accused of the Murder of Bubio
Flores at Alamo.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 30.-After nearly two
days' hunting, the rurales of the Mexican
Government found Jesus Medina who
stabbed Rubio Flores to death in a saloon
at Alamo, and he is now aafe in jail at
Ensenada, having been brought in by
Leocadio Fierro, the nervy Judge of tha
iim." 1^ 18 ""'^ who single-handed a short
time since attempted to take Pedro Mor
ales into custody. At that time the out
\IZ T 8 *^ , » fter receiving a bullet in the
jaw from the revolver of the Mexican
Judge. Medina was found in the brush
b «tween i Alamo and the Visnaga mine
and either wav so drunk or pretended to
be that he could not understand what he
K Wam ?V° r - Later he asserted that
he did not know anything about the or.
curr ences on Wednesday morning! when
the stabbing occurred. Ale knew ! nbth'nS
about the death of Flores or at- least ore
tended that he did not. p
Carpentero and Manuel Diab'lo
the Cocopah Indians accused of the mur
der of Acuno. Sotello and Muriet on the
desert near Picacho, were also brought
to jaU at Ensenada to-day by a guard o!"
mounted rurales. • 6 "" O£
, »i ¦' ' ' . ¦ t ,
Petitions in . Bankruptcy
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 30.-A petition in
bankruptcy was filed in the United States
District Court to-day by D. B.Northruo'
of San Diego. He places his indebtedness
at $1949 86 and his assets at IS 25 of
which amount $400 is exempt. Henrv J
Drouillard, a hotel-keeper of Kern alsn
filed a petition In bankruptcy, showing an
indebtedness of $4477 35 and assets In oneS
accounts amounting to $1043 66 and proD- i
erty claimed to be .exempt amounting to i
Name of Bailway ; Changed, r
IX)S ANGELES, Nov. 30.— At a meeting
of the officials of the Los Angeles and Salt
Lake road to-day It was decided to award
a contract for 8000 tons of steel rails at
$26 . a ton to the Colorado Fuel and' Iron
Company of Pueblo." It was also decided
to change the name of the road to ¦ the
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lakp
Railway. Major J. W. F. s Dlss wasap!
pointed right ofi» way agent for the com
pany. . ,-• '; . ••"-.. ¦¦--;"»¦'--';:¦>-.;,
in Honor of Henry Villard.
BERLIN. Nov. 30.— The Municipal Coun
cil of Speyer to-day adopted; a resolution
to place a commemorative "tablet In the
house where the late Henry Villard was
borp.
Mrs. Bartolas Is Shot and Painfully
Injured by Her Husband at
Their Home Near
Stockton.
MISTAKES HIS WIFE
FOR MIDNIGHT THIEF
stantly killed.
WINNEMUCCA, New, Nov. 2O.-West
bound freight train 205 was wrecked here
this evening and Fireman J. F. Jones In-
The train was pulled by two huge mogul
engines and was entering the yard when
both engines Jumped the track at a split
switch. Seven cars loaded with rails and
coal followed the engines Into the ditch
and were completely demolished. The
head engine is a mass of twisted and bent
Iron, only the boiler remaining whole. The
second engine stands upright thirty feet
from the track, being half buried in the
sand. It was on this engine that Fireman
Jones met a horrible death. He was
caught In the gangway between the en
gine and tender and literally ground to
pieces. yr~ *
Nothing short of a miracle saved the
engineers and firemen, none of them being
seriously hurt. Old railroad men shud
dered when viewing the fearful havoc
wrought by the moguls, and say that only
the intervention of Divine Providence
eaved the whole crew from a fearful
death.
All trains are blocked and it will take
many hours to clear the track so that
traffic can be resumed.
The cause of the wreck has not yet
been settled upon and the railroad men
will give out no information.
•- .
GUAM DEVASTATED
BY THE HTJBBJCANE
Congress Will Be Asked to Appropri-
ate a Belief Fund if This Is
Necessary.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3O.-Guam, ac
cording to all accounts, was devastated
by the typhoon which sunk the Yosemlte
as completely "as Has Porto Rico *by the
hurricane of two years ago. Secretary
Long said this aftsrrioon that the Govern
ment would naturally take care of the
destitute inhabitants of Guam, and Ad
miral Remey will be author.zed to send
such additional supplies as may be need
ed. It is apparent from Admiral Remey's
brief dispatch that the typhoon must
have caused terrible havoc. In case fur
ther reports are received showing greater
damage than the navy can repair out of
the available appropriations Congress will
be asked to make a specific appropriation
for relief of the destitute islanders,
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 30.— The
postofflce at Llano. Los Angeles County,
will be discontinued December^ 15, and
mail will be sent to Myrtle. . ¦
Thomas Briles has been commissioned
Postmaster at Davis Creek.
C." J. Adams has been appointed Post
master at Colma, SanMateo County, vice
II. J. Magoon," removed. «.
The following appointments of Post
masters have been made in Oregon: John
A. Smith, Elkton. Douglas County, vice
James M. Stark, removed: William P. Me-
Gee. Wren. Benton County, vice Orrlll L.
Buchanan, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— Edward P. Thomas, Oakland,
$6. . Increase — John B. Thompson, Hull
vllle. Pi.
War with Spain — Original — Chojiro
Nakamura, San Francisco, $24. Widow-
Anna M. Corves, San Francisco, $15.
Washington— Original— Thomas Biddle.
Seattle. $12.
Langley Awarded Damages.
VANCOUVER, B. C.;. Nov. 30.— A special
from Rossland says that Justice .Walkem
of the Supreme Court has awarded $10,
000 to James Langley and against M. Con
ner of Grand Forks. The action rose out
of the assault of Langley by Conner at
Sheep Creek in September, 1S95. The as
sault was the result of a drunken row,
Conner assaulting Langley with -an ax,
crushing In his skull and most horribly
mutilating him. Langley is in' such a
condition physically and mentally, that he
can never nope for recovery. Conner was
tried for attempted murder and was found
guilty, but the Jury considered that he
was not responsible at the time of the as
sault and sent him to the asylum. He Is
now out on suspended sentence.
Narrowly Escape Death.
BAN RAFAEL, Nov. 30.— The house of
8. M. Caeebolt was destroyed by fire last
n'Sht at Novato. Mrs. Casebolt and two
children were sleeping in an upper room
and narrowly escaped with their lives. -
Fireman Jones Is Instantly Killed,
but Engineers and Crew Have
\ Miraculous Escape From
Death.
WRECK OF A FREIGHT
TRAIN AT WINNEMUCCA
SPOKAXE. Wash.. Nov. SO. -Four lives
were lost here this evening by the cap
sizing of a ferry-boat in the Spokane
Ri\ r er. The ferry is about two miles down
the river. The boat was crossing the
etre«m with eighteen working men who
had ended their day's labor In a construc
tion camp n^ar the Great Northern's new
bridge. The men crowded to the bow tnd
it was forced under the swift current and
the boat was swamped. All the men were
thrown in the cold water. Five swam to
ehore and the othpre climbed on the cap
eized boat. The waves ran high and
washed four of thrm off to death. The
dead:
L. SIMONS, colored.
JACK LOVETT.
Two unknown Italians.
When the ferry capsized a man started
off in a skiff to the rescue. Some of the
men who witnessed the accident say he
picked up one of the men in the -water,
but neither the rescuer nor the skiff hPb
f'nee been seen. It was probably carr'ed
down the rapids and it is possible that the
two men have reached shore some dU
tanc« below.
Another account says the boat was
overturned by a large log.
DEATH OF A CENTENARIAN.
Away at San Jose.
Aged Mrs. Marcel ina Martinez Passes
SAN* JOSE, Xov. 30.— Lacking but a few
weeks of having lived through one entire
century and parts of two others. Mrs.
Marcelina Martinez died at her home at
68 North River «reet at the ripe age of
105 years. Bbe was born In Leon, Mexico,
In September, 179E. With her husband,
who <Iied many y«?are ago, she came to
California In 1S46, and two years later to
San Joee. She has resided here continu
ously ever since.
Mrs. Martinez retained her faculties al
most up to the tim« of her death. She
was a grandmother when i*he came to
Ean Jose, and a score or mure of grand
children and KTfat-grandchildren reside in
Mexico. A daughter, Mrs. Williams' of
this city, survives her.
Ferry-Boat Is Swamped and. Men
Are Swept From Bottom of
. the Overturned
Craft.
FOUR LIVES LOST
IN SPOKANE RIVER
Complete Returns as Filed, With Sec
retary of State Charles F.
Curry at Sacra-
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 30.— Following are
the complete returns for ' Presidential.
Electors aB filed with Secretary of State
C. F. Curry:
Republican.
Samuel M. Shortridge .....164,755
William J. Barrett 164.006
John Walter Ryan 163,603
Harold T. Power............. ....163.5W
William R. Davis... ....../..163.Z81
Christian B. node 163,445
Frank - McGovan .163.527
Warren R. Porter...... 163,143
James McFadden 161,917
Democrat.
J. H. Be&well ;....... 124,885
WHJartl H. Stimson...: 124,756
J. P. Haynes 124.858
W. R. Jacobs., ...........124,742
W. R. Prather V.124.723
W. T. Baggrett.* 124.6S9
James N. Block.. 124,770
Thomas A. Rice 124,666
John A. Cole ..................123,634
1 Prohibition. 'a
James H. Blanchard.... ...r?..'... 5.M4
Volney Taylor.....:....... 4,978
Li. A. Goble 4.941
Leroy 6. Atwood... ,4.968
M. C. Winchester 4.956
M. Morcum 4,927
William Kelly 5,087
S. Bristol 4,926
J..-W. Webb..... 4,953
For Congress. ¦' -rV
FIRST DISTRICT.
Frank L. Coombs (R.). 21,227
James F. Farraher (D.). .....16,170
Charles T. Clark (Pro.) 310
SECOND DISTRICT.
Samuel D. Woods ' (R.), - full term.......... 23.019
Samuel D. Woods (R.), unexpired term.. 22.799
J. D. Sprout '(D.),* full term 21,851
J. P. 'Sprout. (D.), unexpired term 8l.ai7
W. H. Barron (Pro.).. -.. 371
Scattering ..........;.... 29
THIRD DISTRICT.
Victor H. Mstcalf (R.) 21,109
Frank Freeman (D.) .14,402
Alvln W. Holt (Pro.).. 431
Scattering l
FOURTH DISTRICT.
Julius Kahn (R.) 17.111
R. Porter, Ashe (D.) : 11,742
Joseph Rowell ¦ (Pro.). 84
C. C. O'Donnell (Ind.) 1,118
FIFTH DISTRICT.
Eugene F- Loud (R.)........ ....23.443
J. H. Henry (D.).. 17.365
Fred E. Caton (Pro.)... 322
SIXTH DISTRICT.
JameY McLachlan (R.)...... 27,081
William Graves (D.).. 19,793
James Campbell (Pro.)......... 1.693
¦ SEVENTH DISTRICT. rfs : . :
James Carson Needham (R.) 23,430
W. D. Crichton (D.V.. 18,981
A. H. Hensley (Pro.)... 919
VOTES CAST FOR
VARIOUS CANDIDATES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Nov. 30.— P. C. Kanawyer. a
forest ranger, shot and Instantly killed J.
C. Collyer In the lobby of the Grand Cen
tral Hotel. In this city, at 6:30 o'clock to
night.
About six months ago Collyer was post
master at Millwood. He appointed Mr?.
Kanawyer his deputy and shortly after
left her in charge of the office and went
to the State of Washington, where he
took up his residence.
Three weeks ago a- shortage was dis
covered in the accounts of the office and
an investigation followed. Collyer was
communicated with and he claimed If
there had been any irregularities they had
occurred since he had left Millwood.
Lately he left Washington and arrived In
Fresno last Friday. He came to await
the results of the Investigation and effect
a settlement. To-night, as he sat in the
Grand Central Hotel, reading a paper,
Kanawyer entered the room with his son.
He was seeking a man whom he believed
to be stopping at the hotel and went Im
mediately to the register, which he com
menced to look over. Collyer looked up
and saw him and at once arose and went
toward him. The men shook hands and
commenced a conversation. They drifted
at once to the subject of the shortage at
Millwood. Collyer reiterated the statement
that if any irregularity existed it had oc
curred since he left the office. Kanawyer
called him a liar and the reply was two
blows, one of which felled tho Millwood
man to the floor. Collyer Jumped on htm
and commenced to pound him. Bystanders
Interfered and soon had the men parted.
Kanawyer broke away from those who
were restraining him and. pulling a re
volver, fired at Collyer. The bullet passed
through him, cutting the carotid artery.
Blood spurted from the wound and death
was almost Immediate. Kanawyer made
no attempt to get away and: was shortly
afterward placed under arrest.
The body of Collyer. was taken to the
undertaking establishment of Hall &
Cate, where It now lies.
For hours after the tragedy occurred
crowds thronged the Grand Central, and
the greatest excitement prevailed. Both
men were well known here. Collyer at one
time was a Deputy v Sheriff of Fresno
County. ¦
J. C. Collyer, Former Postmaster of
Millwood, Is Killed by P. C.
FATAL QUARREL IN
A HOTEL AT FRESNO
l*>-y*ar-old mJes. a student at the hiffh
school, who was selected from a num
ber of fsrnppt applicants for the import
ant duty of instilling Into the youthful
minds of the twins a knowledge of the
Scriptures.
The children composing this novel ciats
pride of its teacher. Miss Minta Cox. a
L..OS ANGELES, Nov. SO.-The Sun
day school of the Olivet Congre
gational Church, at the corner of
f West Washington street and
Magnolia avenue, rejoices In a
unique class, composed of four pairs cf
twin*, two of them 5 and two 7 years cf
«ure.
This aggregation of dual stars is the
A little over a year ago M. W. Brown,
the superintendent of the Sunday school,
made the discovery that these four pairs
of twins were among: the several classes
of the school, and he was at once im
pressed with the originality of the !i!ea
of placing them in a class by themselves.
are: Lela and Leland Bolin of 1335 West
Twenty-third street; Jessie and Jennie
Welch of 1613 Hoover street; Malcolm and
Douglas Baker of 1537 West Twenty-sec
ond t-treet, and Edith and Winnifred Olm
ctead.the children of City Engineer Frank
H. Olmstead of t9|S Bonsallo avenue. The
class at one time contained five pairs of
twins, the others belns Leona and Leota
Parker, but as they were members of the
class fcr only a short time and then
moved away from the neighborhood. M'ss
Cox considers that they are disqualiJiei
to appear as members of the class.
The little ones are all greatly devoted to
their teacher,'" and no allurements of
either picnics in summer or Christmas
trees in winter are ever needed as
premiums to Insure their regular *at
tendance. The children are sometimes
mischievous, but the threat that if thev
aren't good they will have to have a new
teacher is always sufficient to quiet the
most turbulent spirits.
He carried out the plan, and the eight
youngsters are now the banner display of
the Sunday school. *¦
The children themselves realize the im
portance of their position, and have a
vague idea that the picnics, socials and
other entertainments given by the Sun
day school are really in their honor. At
a picnic recently given, one pair of twins
asked Miss Cox if it wasn't "just for their
class."
MISS LAURA COCKRILL, "WHO BECAME THE BRIDE OF T. J. Mc-
CRBADT AT BLOOMFIELD. THE COUPLE WAS TENDERED A
WEDDING BANQUET BY THE REBEKAHS.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
DEATH OF A. L. BUY AN.
Was One of the Best-Known Shoe
Manufacturers on the Coast.
PETALUMA, Nov. 30.— A. L. Bryan,
proprietor of the California Shoe Com
pany of this city, president of the A. L.
Bryan . Shoe Company and probably the
best- known shoe man in the State,, died
this morning at Adams Springs, Lake
County, where he went two weeks ago to
recruit failing health. He was a married
man and has been a resident of California
for seventeen years. He has operated
several shoe manufacturing houses In the
East, at St. Louis,:, where he was of the
Bryan-Brown Shoe Company, and else
where. Upon his arrival on the coast In
1S83 he bought out the Chamberlaln-Went
worth Shoe Company of Oakland.
| Deceased was a native of Ireland, 55
years of age. He leaves a widow and two
children. The funeral will be held on Sun
day at Napa. It will be under the aus
pices of the Knights Templar, of which
deceased was a prominent member.
Death, of MrsV J. C. Bennett, an Aged
PEPPEBS PROVE POISONOUS.
Resident of Sebastopol.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 3O.-Mrs. J. C. Ben
nett, an> old and respected resident. of Se
bastopol, died suddenly yesterday morn
iner as the result of eating green peppers.
Mrs. Bennett ate two green peppers Tuea
day night and shortly after she was taken
violently 111. Early Thursday morning
she died. • An examination showed : that
the peppers poisoned the stomach, pro
ducing gastritis, which affected the heart.
Mrs. Bennett was 80 years of age.
Last Passengers From Nome.
' SEATTLE. Nov. 3O.-rThe Nome steamer
Centennial, Captain Eaggles, towing the
steamer Santa Ana, passed Neah Bay at
2:30 o'clock ' to-day. She will . reach Port
Townsend at ' an early hour to-morrow
morning and after quarantine Inspection
proceed to this city, .arriving about 3 p.
m. Considering that she had to tow al
most as large a ship as herself the Cen
tennial has made an unusually quick voy
age from Dutch Harbor, whence she
sailed November 21. The Centennial has
about 250 passengers,' constituting the last
Nome crowd of the season of 1900.
Mail. Contract Approved.
. VANCOUVER, B C, Nov. SO.-rAustra
lian advic<?s v say the Government has ap
proved the arrangement for the new mall
service between San Francisco, Auckland
and Sydney, commencing this month. The
contract for the service is with J. D.
Spreckels & Bro. of San Francisco.
Three 17-knot boat-j of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company— the Sierra, the Sonoma
and the Ventura— are the mail steamers.
Ryerson Adjudged Insane.
8UISUN7V. Nov. 80.— Joe Ryerson of
Benicla, who served one term in San
Quentln for an attempt to kill his brother,
George Ryerson, was arrested last week
for a repetition of the attempt. He wag
brought to the Fairfleld jail, where fie
showed indications of mentW' derange
ment. He was examined as to his sanity
and committed to the Napa State Hos-
Zionite Elder Held.
VICTORIA. B. C, Nov. 30.— Eugene
Brooks, Zionite elder, and W. Maltby, one
of his followers, to-day, were committed
for trial on the charge of causing the
death - of I JUaltby's six-year-old son by
withholding . medical attendance when he
was -suffering from diphtheria.
Official Test of Batteries.
SEATTLE,, Nov.: 30.— The first official
test of the mortar .and rifle batteries of
Fort Flagler and Fort Casey, Puget
Sound, has been highly satisfactory. Tho
rifles at- Flagler can reach -the center of
the channel, where a fleet, must pass, to
enter the sound. :.
Rebekah Degree Lodge of Bloomfield Fulfills Its Prom
ise After Marriage Ceremony.
tried to Induce a bashful *wain to make an
avowal of love, but It is whispered that
some of the fair members might have won
had they '.'really wanted to.'"
Be that as it may. Miss Cockrill an
nounced her engagement and laid claim to
the prize. No protests were heard. On
the contrary, the bride-to-be received the
heartiest congratulations of her sister
members, and it was decided that the
ceremony be performed in Odd Fellows'
Hall in the presence of the members and
their friends.
The hall was handsomely decorated for
the occasion and the ceremony took place
beneath a horseshoe of smilax and vio
lets. Misses Pettit and Colburn, attired
in the Rebekah Degree colors — pink and
green — acted as bridesmaids. The prom
ised banquet followed the ceremony and
the happy couple started on their wed
ding tour. They will make their home at
Bodega, where the groom has extensive
mercantile interests.
"Whether the contest was close or no the
members of the organization fail to state.
None will acknowledge having willfully
PETALUMA, Nov. 30.— Miss L*tnra.
Cockrlll of Bloomfleld and Thom
as J. McCready of Bodega were
married at Bloomfleld on Thanks
giving eve. At the conclusion of
the ceremony a banquet was tendered the
happy couple by the Rebekaha.
Miss Cockrlll was a popular member of
the Rebekahs and. the banquet was ten
dered her as the winner in what her
friends Jocularly call a "contest for hus
bands." Some time ago the lodge resolved
that the first sister to be led to the altar
shAild be tendered a wedding dinner.
To Explore the Antarctic.
LONDON, Dec. L— At the meeting of the
Royal • Society last evening it was an
nounced that the projected national Ant
arctic expedition would start next autumn
and that the construction of a vessel to be
named Discovery had already been com
menced at Dundee. ¦ ". ¦ - '
Two of Those "Vinio Eat the Poisoned
Birds in a Precarious Condi- ¦
tion and May
, ; X>iel
— _ » ,
Special rMspatch to The CfrUV
BOISE, Idaho, - Nov. 30.— James Bajshor,
a 12-year,old boy, poisoned his entire fam
ily Thanksgiving day, and his brother and
sister are so seriously ill that they may
die.' , :; , ,; -.- , :• . . -«
The Bashors live on a farm and have a,
large number of. turkeys. It was James*
duty to take care of the- fowl and he be
came very, fond, of them. ;
1 As • Thanksgiving ! day approached the
youth heard talk of killing some of hia
pets. He protested against the slaughter,
but. his appeals were made light of. On
the morning of Thanksgiving day he fed
the turkeys a . poisonous suDstance used
in the preparation of seed wheat, think
ing it would sicken them temporarily and
their lives would be saved.
•The hired: man killed, two plump birds
and they ¦ were served at dinner. Every
member of the family was taken sick
shortly after the meal and an Jnvestig-a
tion was made.*» The boy finally made a
full confession. He said that he thought
the turkeys would be taken sick, and as
no one wants to eat an unhealthy bird
they would not be molested. ¦
,The physicians who were called In pro
nounced the members of the family out of
danger but two— a. boy and a girl. Their
lives are despaired of.
All the poisoned turkeys died before
nightfall, but the. condition of the flock
was not noticed until after the dinner had
been served.
RESULTS ,; ARE DISASTROUS
Feeds Poison to Flock of
Turkeys Thanksgiving
Morning.
IDAHO YOUTH
CAUSES ILLNESS
OF HIS FAMILY
MISS LAURA COCKRILL WINS
A DINNER AND A HUSBAND
Olivet Congregational Church of Los Angeles Is Proud
of a Novelty in Scriptural Students.
FOUR PAIRS OF TWINS IN
ONE SUNDAY-SCHOOL CLASS
• ¦• . •• • - ... I
>,,_ MALCOLM AND DOUGLAS BAKER.
MISS COX.
LELA AND LELAND BOLIN.
JESSIE AND JENNIE WELCH.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER ,1, 1900.
EDITH AND WINIFRED OLMSTEAD. I
8
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
SPECIAL SALE
Saturday am Monday Only
VERT BEST CREAMERY BUTTER, 2
!e*<3ing brands, per square 39C
IS lb«. BEST GRAKUL.ATED SUGAR.. fl.OO
12 !bs. of CHOICE NEW PRUNES 25c
CHOICE NEW TELJ^OW CRAWFORD
LEMON' OUING PEACHES or BART-
LETT PEARS. »-!b. cans, per can lOc
CHOICE NEW SUGAR CORN, J can» for 25c
GOOD SUGAR PEAS, per can 05c
CHOICE EASTERN HAM. per 1b .1114c
H-!b. can GHIRARDELW6 COCOA....'. 2Oe
l-!b.ean GHIRARDELLI'S CHOCOLATE 25c
10 Ibe. GOOD ROL.L.ED OATS 25c
BEST LONDON LAYERS RAISINS. S
lb«. for 25c
CHOICE OUD BOURBON WHISKEY, ,
per gallon ....?2.SO i
CHOICE 5- YEAR-OLD PORT or SHER-
RY WINE, per gallon fJ.OO
FINE OLD ZINFANDEL CLARET. p#r
gallon 35e
REMEMBER THE STORES
O'CONNOR BROS.,
122 and 124 NINTH ST.,
And 226 SIXTH STJ
WHAT WE ADVERTISE
WZ GIVE GOODS GUARANTEED.
Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and
throat lozenges contain opiates; these*
cheap medicines give a temporary relief,
especially with little children, by deatroy-
ing: nerve sensation; the Irritation In
throat, which causes coughing', is tem-
porarily removed, not by. removing' the
cause, but by deadening the nerves of
feeling the Irritation is not felt although
It 13 still there and will promptly return.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is the be«
remedy jto remove cataxrhal secretion,
wllether in the nose, throat or stomach,
because they are composed of whole-
some antiseptics like Kucolyptol, Guaia-
col, Sanguinaria and Hydrastin; when you
use these tablets yoa know what you are
putting into your system and not taJting:
chances with cocaine, opiates or similar
poisons found in so many catarrh cures
and cough medicines.
Dr. Ramsdell in commenting on catarrh
cure* says: "I can heartily recommend
Stuart's, Catarrh Tablets, because thejr
contain no cocaine nor other dangerous
drug found In so many advertised ca-
tarrh cures. I have known of many cases
of Ions standing catarrh of the head and
throat completely cured by the* daily use
of these tablets for several weeks. One
case In particular, which I could not
reach with an Inhaler or spray and where
the catarrh caused daily headaches and
a noticeable loss of hearing was entirely
cured by this harmless but effective
remedy."
Dr. "VVainwrlgrht says: "I never hesitate
to prescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for
catarrhal headaches and catarrhal deaf-
ness because I know them to be perfectly
safe for child or adult and have seen
many remarkable cures resulting from
their regular daily use; because they are
advertised and sold in drugstores I» no
reason why any good physician should
not use them, because we should seize
upon the means of cure wherever found "
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are especially
valuable for catarrhal -colds In children
because they are pleasant to the ta3te
and may be used freely to break up severa
colds a"nd croup at the very beginning.
All druggists sell the remedy at 50 cents
for full sized package.
A little book on cause and cure of ca-
tarrh mailed free by addressing the F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
Remarkable Cures of Catarrh.
People who have used sprays,' Inhalers
salves and washes for catarrh and havo
found how useless and Inconvenient they
are. will be agreeably surprised at results
following the use of a pleasant, internal
remedy in tablet form; druggists every-
where admit that Stuart's Catarrh Tab- T
lets, which they sell at 60 cents for full I
sized treatment, is the safest, most ef-''
fectlve and popular of all catarrh rem-
edies.
A Simple Internal Remedy Makes
SURPRISING RESULTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHICH?
... Ar ? you content with indifferent or pos-
itively unsatisfactory laundry work, or do
you desire something better? You can
pay your money and take your choice."
With us yon may be certain of launder-
ing that cleans clothea. that makes tlurn
leave here properly Ironed and folded.
Your choice, then, will be a wise one if
you. fix upon "•* "JfnBlfl
Domestic finish for full dress shirt* If
you order it. No saw edges.
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Bw_ 'Pit "q JHL|fl
- *xM ft I
B-fPiif * \fSj m jr?jfj
a B i If ih ra b3~ BfiwH
H & Eal ffiM ft* "IBS ** 1 «©l
$ vT«1t7o fT Tor dan* s* aJi? J
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
( »S&I ca..rcsDAa-PsrmE diseases?
« • I ¦ H . ¦AMUA6R. MA1L8O Fill I lif
Ad Jj< wiuable book fc» twai^ »«¦» I A Wdlnance providing for a half fare, for
school children on street cars was post
poned for two weeks.
Mrs. Lynch, who appealed. for recom-
8ATOTDAT, DECEMBER 1.
Write fornew catalogue -of watches, l^wetiy'-'A'
Uvuwart. Hammertnith & Field, S< ICsarrur. •
NOTE) — In the above exposition : of th» tides
Him early morning tld«« axe given in - tbe lef i
Two Insolvencies.
Petitions In insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court as
follows: Edward F. Cahill. painter; Oak
land, liabilities ; $1050. no. assets; :W. /H
Henderson, Sacramento, physician, liabil
ities 1323, no assets. ¦
In the Divorce Court.
May . E. \Vynn has :been- granted ; a ' dl
vorce from John ; E. «Wynn . for desertion.
Suits f or ; divorce , were filed yesterday ; by
Annie Hanson against Magnus Hanson
for failure to provide, ' Margaret Raabe
agrainst Frederick ¦, Raabe : for; cruelty
Charles ¦ Graeber i against ? Louise . Graeber
for desertion. < and ;C. E. Rutan against
Anna Rutan for desertion. '
Father Yorke's Sermon,
The Advent Conferences at St. Peter's
Church will be delivered j by the Rev. V.
C. ¦ Yorke on Sundays ; and .Wednesdays}
beginning -December 2 and "closing De
cember 23. :: The title of ¦ the course is
"The Claims of Christ." The subject for
Sunday/December 2, Is: "What Went- Ye
Out to See?". For Wednesday, December
6:^7"The Reed, Shaken 'by the Wind "
Sunday, . December 9: "The Man' Clothecl
In Soft Garments." Decem
ber 12: : ; "The -Houses of Kings." Sun-i
day, December 16: "Tbe Voice in , the
Wilderness.'.' Wednesday. December 19 •
"More Than' a Prophet." Sunday, Decem
ber ,23: "The Angel of Ood." The devo
tions ' will : begin at 8 o'clock, a special
choir of men ¦ and boys ; will , sing. ..
•WANTS X-RAY FOR CITY
AND COUNTY HOSPITAL
Health Board Petitions Supervisors
for Instrument and Also for.
V Electric Lights.
The" Board of Health decided yesterday
to petition the Supervisors to allow suf
ficient money out of the urgent necessity
fund for the purchase of an X-ray for the
City and County Hospital, and also that
the operating-rooms In that Institution
and the central Receiving i Hospital be
equipped with electric lights.
Dr. Frank T. Fltzglbbons was appointed
city vacdnator. to succeed Dr. W. G.'Hay,
who died suddenly last Wednesday/'. •« :
The resignation of Hiss E. Beauchamp
as matron of the Harbor Hospital was ac
cepted, . and Miss Bertram was appointed
to succeed her.- " •¦ . ,
The City Attorney was asked to give an
opinion whether or not the board has the
power to reduce the number of its: civil
service employes. :
BOrLEB . ORDINANCE
UPHELD BY OOTJRT
Not Discriminative on Its Face and
the Remaining Issue One of
Fact. V*-/:
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday dismissed the habeas corpus appli
cation of George Tsukamoto and remand
ed the applicant to the custody of the
Sheriff. Tsukamoto'is a Japanese laun
dryman doing business at the corner of
Ban Jose avenue and Twenty-third street.
He made application to' the Board of Su
pervisors for a permit to erect and main
tain a steam boiler on the premises. It
being a residence neighborhood a lengthy
protest was filed with the "Supervisors,
and the permit was refused.- Tsukamoto
erected the boiler anyhow, and was con
victed and sentenced to a term of lmpris
onraent. ¦ ¦:»¦
' His attorneys applied to the United
States Circuit Court for a writ of habeas
corpus, contending the city ordinance un
der which he was convicted was uncon
stitutional because It discriminated
agalnBt persons of the "applicant b race,
and that In the enforcement of the or
dinance the city authorities discriminated
In favor of white persons.- Both these
propositions were controverted by the at
torneys for the city.
Judge Morrow held that the ordinance
on Its face was not discriminative.
Whether or not the city had discrim
inated against the petitioner In Its en
forcement was a question of fact, which
th© court had no authority to determine
In a habeas corpus proceeding.
The Supervisors* Judiciary Committee
reported yesterday in favor of accepting
a grant of the option of the People's Mu
tual Telephone Company's franchise with
out the payment of any consideration, the
city reserving to itself all rights over the
franchise. The City Attorney, however,
will first determine the legality of such a
grant, a» he had advised that the clause
in. the agreement, providing for the pay
ment of $1 would necessitate the submis
sion of the proposition to the people to be
voted on.' ' " J ffJ'ff9flWBHH
C."I*. Crittenden, president of the Peo
ple's Mutual Telephone Company, said he
was willing that the city should take the
option as a gift..
"There Is no^question of the validity of
the franchise," said Crittenden, "and eev r
eral attorneys employed by proposed pur
chasers of the company's bonds have so
reported. ' We "have contracts with 7000
firms and corporations now that will pay
us 1360,000 per year. It will be a great ad
vantage to the city to buy the option and
will not prevent the • municipality from
bulldlngr another telephone system if it so
desires.- It is for the best Interests of the
city that we offer this option. The fran
chise was granted in November, 1896. and
a syndicate Is prepared to take up all the
bonds irrespective of whether, the city
buys the option or not." -We are willing
for the city to reserve all its rights and
privileges and desire that the city should
ultimately get the system for a. public
utility." . - : ,. .
.Tobln asked Crittenden who the stock
holders of the company were, but the lat
ter declined to tell. Brandenstein thought
the question a fair, one. - -\ •. ,
"There are over ' a thousand sharehold
ers and I could not give all'thelr names.i*
said Crittenden. ¦:>. '.'we give you an oppor
tunity - to : acquire • th^ plant' and it.may
some dayenable the'dty to purchase the
Bell Telephone Company for. a very low
rate, as we Intend to run it a close race
in business." ,
'; Comte ; desired -the elimination of the
consideration of, $1 to bepald for the op
tion. Reed held. that the option could not
pass without some token. ' Crittenden sug
gested that some one either buy . the op
tion for the city or else that no considera
tion - be given. > though the latter course,
he thought,' might -result in; legal entaji
glement., *
Reed said that a rival telephone system
would reduce rates as It has done in Sac
ramento,"; where the > rate ! for phones .was
SI 50 a month, while here it is $5 per month
and '5 cents a swltch.-saSESgatofeSj ¦. . ? -v ; ,'¦ ;
"We ought, to encourage the establish
ment of this new Industry ,by every means
in our power," said Reed.
- At the request of Jere-T. Burke of. the
Market Street Railway; Company* the or-
First Step Toward Purchase
by City of Telephone
Utility.-
FDR ACQUISITION
OF THE OPTION
Time Ball.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographio Office, N: S. N-, Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, CaL,
November SO, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. J
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS TO
HOLD ANNUAL DOLL SHOW
Brilliant Function to Be Held at the
. Palace the Early Part of
I This Month.
The fourth annual doll show to be held
in the Maple-room of the Palace Hotel
on December 7 and 8, under the auspices
of the Doctor's Daughters, promises to
surpass any previous affair of its kind
given by ¦ that splendid charitable organ
ization. It will be distinctly a swagger
function. Society has stamped Its ap
proval, and the members of the exclu
sive set will attend the show In generous
numbers. The patronesses are Mrs. Clark
Crocker, Mrs. John D. Spreckels, Mrs.
William P. Fuller, Mrs. William Irwin,
Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. Henry Crocker,
Mrs. Joseph Tobln, Mrs. Henry Payot,
Mrs. W. H. Crocker, Mrs. Eleanor Martin
and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey.
In 1888 Dr. Robert Mackenzie eaw the
need of a charitable organization that
would be strictly non-sectarian In its good
work. He gathered around him a number
of the fair members of the First Presby
terian Church and organized . the Doc
tor's Daughters. During the past twelve
years the organization has been doing
untold good among the suffering classes,
but It Is necessary for the society to hold
a doll show to replenish its treasury bo
the good ¦work among the poor may go
on unimpeded.
The officers of the organization are:.
President. MUs McEwen; first vice president.
Miss Jennie Blair; second vice president. Mrs.
J. Stow. Ballard; treasurer, Mrs. A. S. Tubbs;
recording secretary. Miss Louise Bruce; corre
sponding, secretary. Mrs. W. D. Fennimor*.
Among the members are: |
Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Miss Alice Owens. Mrs.
Louis H. Lonpr. Mrs. J. IX McKee, Mrs. George
Koe, Mrs. Samuel Kniffht. Miss Spinney, Mrs
Charles W. Slack, Mrs. A. S. Tubbs> Mra F
W. Tallant, ' Mrs. Wallace I. Terry, .Mrs.
Charles Tuttle; Mrs. Chauncey Wlnslow, Mrs.
James AJva" Watt. . Mrsf. Frank Bates, Miss
Louise Bruce. Mi&a Jennie Blair. Mrs. Bow
man Fishback. Mrs. E. A. Belcher, Mrs. Wake
fleld Baker, , Mrs. Samuel ¦¦ Buckbee, Mrs W
R Cluness Jr., Mrs. Linda H. Bryan, Mrs. M.
D. Brown, Miss Katherine Dillon, Mrs. D.
Drysdale. Mrs. J. Stow Ballard. Mrs. G. de
Latour. Mrs. W.v D. . Fennlmore, Miss Jessie
Fillmore."' Mrs. John Flournoy. Miss Goewey
Mrs. Fred Green, Miss Greenwood, Mrs. Reuben
hale, Mrs. Marshal. Hale,* Miss May Hooper
Miss Hyde, Mrs. Ed Horton, 'Miss McEwen
the Misses McMillan and Miss Margo. -
pense from the city for injuries sustained
by her son as a result of alleged club
throwing by Officer Kenville, was referred
to the Police Commissioners for redress.
Steve Marion, a sailor, was the only
eyewitness and he describes the affray
as follows: "I was in Charlie's place tak
ing a drink, when suddenly the doors flew
open and In rushed a woman and two
men. The woman disappeared through a
The trouble was over a woman, and the
party offended in the first place was the
only sufferer,' with the exception of the
keeper of the saloon where the trouble
occurred. His fixtures' bear evidence that
target practice was not often indulged in
by the pistol wielders. The trouble oc
curred In Charles Malloy's saloon at 30
East street.
What might have been a tragedy yes
terday on the water front was prevented
only by the poor marksmanship displayed
by the principals.
self, he started tor the couple. They ran
into Malloy's saloon with the teamster
close behind, and then the duel com
menced.
Policeman Mullander , asserts that Law
ton had trouble with the. well-dressed in
dividual a year ago and bears a scar on
his face as a result of the encounter.
Lawton says he knows nothing and that
the smoking' pistol found in his pocket
was put there by some one in tne crowd
with which he says he was running. Ha
was arrested, however, and charged with
"discharging firearms within the city
limits" and with "carrying concealed
weapons."
Captain Seymour will Investigate the)
affair to-day and In the meantime tha
police will keep an eye open for the other
duelist.
back door and then I was startled by a
shot. Several more were fired In quick,
succession and I turned around to find
the two men blazing away at each
other." *
The men ceased firing: when their re
volvers were emptied and dashed out of
the place. The .man who fired the first
shot was captured by Policeman Mullan
der near Market street, but the other
duelist, who was a well-dressed fellow,
escaped.
The captured man proved to be Thomaa
Lawton, a water front teamster. Th»
cause of the trouble as near as can be
learned Is the sight of the woman, sup
posed to b© Lawton's sweetheart, walking
alone East street with the "other fel
low." Lawton saw them from hl3 wagon
and, leaving the team to take care of It-
Thomas Lawton Roused to Speedy Action at the Sight of His Sw'eetheart Indulging
•in a Promenade Along the Wharves With a Well-Dressed Siranger.
WATER FRONT TEAMSTER AND HIS SUCCESSFUL RIVAL
FIGHT A BLOODLESS DUEL IN EAST STREET SALOON
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday. November SO.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 72 hours from Eureka.
etmr Samoa. Jacobs. 28 hours from Eureka.
£tmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 24 hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr Geo Loom's. Bridgets tl% hours from
\ entura.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Ellefsen. 15 days from
Seattle, via Astoria SO hours. .
Stair Iaqua.. Ba&h. 44 hours from s«Tt Dleeo.
\-ia San Pedro 25 hours.
H B M stmr Icarus, Knowllng. ( days from
E«<julmalt. 1
Schr Newark. Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Olsen. 20 days from
Nome.
Echr J Epplnger, Jensen. 43 hours from Flsks
U11L
CLEARED.
Friday, November 80.
Etmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, Ban Diego;
GoodaU. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, November to.
etmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr CoqulUe River. Thompson. Crescent
Etmr Matteewan. Croetrus, Tacoma.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, Greenwood.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle, ¦
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Cleene, — ™— .
Bark Kaiulanl. Date!, Honolulu.
Schr Louis. OrcnberF, "WlllaDa Harbor.
Schr William Olwn, Hutman, Grays Harbor.
RETURNED.
Friday, November 83.
Bark Karala&l. henca to-day fcr Honolulu,
returned en account of vessel being topheavy.
SPOKEN.
Not E, no lat, etc— Fr bark General SXollnst.
from Glasgow, for Portland, Or.
Oct 4. lat 41 8. Ion E0 W— Br bark Haytor.
from Hamburg, for Saata Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nor SO. 10 p m— Weather
hary; wind NB, velocity U xaU«a,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
riTPQUA— Arrived Nor 28— Schr Lily. ben«e
Nov S3.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Not 30—
Ship Berlin, hence Nor 22. for Tacoma.
Arrived Nor 8*— Schr H D Bendixen. from
Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nor 19— Etmr Portland,
from Car>« Ncme.
Sailed Nov 23 — Btmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
EAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov JO— 6tmr Bruns
wick, hence Nov 8«.
NEW WHATCOM — Sailed Not 2S— Bktn
Northwest, for San Diego,* schr Annie II Camp
bell, for Pisco.
BANDON— Arrived Nor SO— Schr Mary Bid
well, bencs Nov 17.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Not SO— H B M stmr
Pheasant, for Panama; stmr Homer, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Nov 10— Schr Marion, from Tacoma.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Nor SO — Bark
Fresno, for San Francisco.
EXTREK A— Arrived Nov SO— Etmr Pomona,
h*nce Xov 29.
Sailed Nov SO— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA- Arrived Nov 30-Schr W F Jewett.
hence Nov IS.
Sailed Nov SO— Stmr Despatch, for San Fran-
GRATS HARBOJt-Sailed Not 30— Stmr Coro
nado, for San Francisco; stmr Grace Dollar, for
Ean Pedro.
Arrived Xov SO— Schr Philippine, from Ean
Pedro; schr Lllllbonne, from Santa Rosalia;
schr LJ*zl« Vance, hence Nov 20; stmr New
burs, hence .
ASTORIA— Arrived Nor SO— Br stmr Adato,
from Hongkonr.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov SO— Stmr Centen
nial, towing stmr Santa Ana, from Nome, for
Seattle. 8:30 p m: rhlp Chaa E Moody,' from
Honolulu, for Tacoma: Br ship Durham, from
Nagasaki; Br ship Terrisdale, from Nagasaki.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nor 2>-6hip Luzon.
from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nor 2»— Br stmr 'VCarrl
moo.from Sydney; Jap etmr Idzuml Maru,
from • Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nor 28— Br stmr Cop
tie, for Ean Franclsoow Not 2»— Br stmr Glen
turret, for Tacoma.
COLON— Arrived Nor 28 — Btmr Niagara, from
New Yorlc
fialW Not 27— Stmr Finance, for New York.
FALMOUTH-€aited Nor 28— Br ship Rhud
dlan Castle, for Antwerp: Br ship East Afri
can, for : Br ship Haddon Hall, for Dublin.
QUEEJCSTOWJT — Sailed Nov 30— Br ship-
Ehandon, for Plymouth.
SCILLY— Passed Nov 25— Br ehlp Musselcrag.
hence July 18, for Queenstown.
FLUSHING— Passed Nov 2$— Br ship Ladakh,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Balled Nor 28— Br bark Dun
dee, for Cnwnalnus. Oct 26— Br bark Castle
Rock, for Royal Roads. ,
PORT SAID— Arrived Nov JO— U S itmr Bu
ford. from New York, for Manila.
PORT SAID— Arrived Nov SO— U S stmr Bu
ford. from New York, for Manila.
OCEAN 8TBAMERS.
HONGKONG— fiailad Not 80-Stmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver anfl Victoria, tU Yo
kohams, Kobe. Nagasaki and Shanghai.
ROTTERDAM— galled Nov 29— Stmr Spaara
dam, for Boulogne and N«w Tork.
CHERBOURG- Palled Not SO— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Southampton, for New York.
LIVERPOOL-Sailed Nor SO— Stmr Rhyn
land. for Philadelphia. _
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Not J»— Stmr Glen Tur-
MOVII>I>E— Sailed Nor ' 80— etmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New .Tork.
QUEENSTOWN— Palled Nov Vh- Stmr Com
monwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Nov SO — Etmr
Deu-.srhLa.nd. from Hamburg, for Now Tork.
NETW YORK— Sailed Nor 80— Stmr Mesaba,
BOSTON— Arrived ICov SO-Btmr Xew Bng
laad, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Etxn, . Moon and . Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-Th« hich and low waters occur at tha
<r!iy front < Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tlda is the rame at both places.
hand ' column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, th« third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings oa the
Lnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
tnen the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
j BRITISH SLOOP-OF-WAR ICAJRUS. THAT GOES TO PANAMA TO DE
MAXD SATISFACTION' FROM THE COLOMBIAN GOVERNMENT FOR
THE SEIZURE OF AN ENGLISH STEAMER.
When She Arrives Off the Farallones, En- Route to Hono
lulu, She Is Found to Be Topheavy and Puts Back.
THK r«w American BtVel bark
Kniulanl had to return to 'port
wsterday, being topheavy- She
:r.e here from New Tork and
ded for Honolulu, but unfortu
heavy part of her cargo came
!ot of bricks and railroad Iron
•¦ pot oa deck.
the Kaiulanl got^under way all
:-.. »t::t-J noil, and the dozen or more Das
s «.ni?ers anticipated a fast run. Outside
;h*r* *•» a pood, steady breeze blowing
tad :;ul was made on the bark oulcklv.
:. the upper topsails were set Cap
taia i>abel bepan to have fears, and when
;:.e rcysas fre spread to the breeze he
it once ordered them taken In again.
j!-.»-n the bark was reduced to lowtr top
,,:.s tnd i a cours? Peered for San Fran
>oo. Ine Kalulani was undoubtedly top
betTT and Camain Dabel did his duty to
a.l hands by coming back. About 1 p. m
.* tug came along and towed the bark
to Port. Her deckload of bricks and
:rcn Jt« be and she will go to
tea tgaln probably to-day.
V7AR.STTTPS NOW IN PORT.
Icarus and Philadelphia to Sail Prom
Here Early Next Week.
T>.e British sloop-of-war Icarus arrived
frcm Esquimau. B. C, early yesrerday
morning. She is oa her wav to Panama
to iEQuire into the seizure of a British
Mtamer by the Colombian Government.
ITie rebels were gaining ground and a city
•.r.reatened by them had to be relieved. A
transport was wanted and the Govern
ment took the first vessel at hand. This
: roved to be a Britisher, and John Bull
:iow -wants to know the reason why. The
Icarus is net a modern vessel, but still she
should be equal to bringing the Colom
bians to tine.
The cruiser Philadelphia ,- s t o sail for
Central and South America on Monday.
She takes away a double crew, which
somewhat crowds her. The extra men
are to be trained for the manning of the
battleship 'Wisconsin. The cruiser is now
coaling and will cail Monday for Mon
terey.
2n.overien.ts of Transports.
The transport Meade sails to-day for
Manila with general supplies and a num
ber cf recruits.
The Axtec is still delayed owing: to th«
Inability cf the Government to secure
mules. The forag-e and cargo are aboard,
but the animals do not materialize.
The Thomaa is behind time. She sailed
from Nagrasakl on November 10 and
should have been here last Wednesday.
The chances are she has nin Into some
heavy weather and i* comics along: under
aElowbeIL
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
T^« tHiseyre loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rrpe. 47s (i; the Gclden Shore. lumber on
r_r«t So-sd for Sydney, £2a 6d: option of Mel
tourae or Adelaide. 60s; th» Heleasburgh,
wheat to Europe, STs 9d; the lnverco«. wheat to
Kurope, 4?e; the Luzon, lumber at Port Biake
;«:j- for HoEgkorjr, €2s 6d: the Mt. Carmel. wheat
t ~ Europe, term* private. All of above ves
•*'.s chartered prior to arrival. Tha Santiago
loads merchar.filse for Honolulu.
Wteat Shipment.
The French bark Charles Gounod sailed
Thursday for Queenstown for orders with C7,-
IV> centals wbfxt. valued at J7fi\0Q0. and 25.000
feet lumber dunnage, valued at 1250. Total
%&!•-«, $T«.2iO.
departure of tli« Pasxiaa Steamer.
Tha steamer Acapulco sailed 'Wednesday for
New Tork via Panama, with a general cargo
valued ax $113,245, manifested as follows: For
Central America, 157,233; for Mexico, tti.CS;
for Panaira, tlZZb: tor South America, $1027;
for New Tcrk. f 42. 150. Tha following were
tht principal shipment*:
For Central America— y» ca. II bbls bottled
Xj&t, 123 bbls cemect, SJ cs canned goods, £3
boa cordage. 215 cs 2 tanks coal oil. 104( gals
mc<!is« oil. 27 tone coal, SI cs dry goods,
T cs dried Craft. 108 fcxs freea fruit. 691S tfbls
four. CCS pkgs groceries and provisions, 66 cs
hardware. 1S.C26 leet lumber. 14 bales leather,
T fcbie liquors. ZZjH lb« lard. ISO kegs lead. 14
f.k£» Tzazttz^err. E cs mineral water, 12.400
lbs Etttti 9 kegs sails. IS bbls 71 cs 14S0 gals
00, CS cr potatoes. Zi cs paint. 7 cr sewing
rr.achir.es, Z2 bdls eptces. 24,000 lbs soda, 23,000
It* salt, 25 kegs staples, 16 cs turpentine. 7
It.:* tar. rt.ao lbs tallow, 17 cs K04 gals wine.
in c» whisky, 45 reels wire. 15 cr carriage
For M»xleo-« c* assay goods. 8 ca arms and
f.r^rrsiBiiion. 50 cm be«r. 1&19 gals cocoanut oil.
4S cs drugs. I c* drr goods. 3 cs electrical
goaBU, 211 fcxs fruit, 55 cs groceries and pro
riataoa, in cs hardware. 10,526 feet lumber, 4C
; kg* machinery. S kevs nails. SO cr onlcns, 100
rs f**te. 113 cr potatoes. 6 bdls pine, 2S1 gals
«!n*. 16 reels wire. 261 cr vegetable*.
In trar*::.— 2* tins matches, 21» cs siHc, 100
chests t^a, £.,W0 lbs rlo*. Value, C300.
Fcr South America— 2S39 lbs hops, 21 bbls
efcnirtpa.
For New Tork — 10.9SS lbs antimony ore. SU"
c* salmon. 77.017 g-aia wine. 2S5 sks oeas. CO
b*>s ra**, 2007 ctls barley. 36 «ks bark.
BARK KAIULANI RETURNS TO PORT
TO LIGHTEN HER BIG DECK CARGO
"W. 8. Mellck of Lob Angeles Coanty.
who represented the Seventieth Assembly
District in the Thirty-second and Thirty
third regular sessions of the Legislature
and subsequently served in the extra ses
sioh, was re-elected to the Assembly by
an increased majority at the late general
election. He edits the Pasadena Daily
News and speaks his mind concerning the
Speakership. On this subject the News
or November 28 eays:
The next move on the political checker board
of California is for the election of a Speaker
of the Assembly for the coming session of the
Legislature. This matter ham been deliberately
canvassed by' tha News and we have come to
the conclusion that Hon. Alden Anderson of
Sulsun, Solano County, should be re-elected to
that responsible position. He has been tried
In the crucible of experience and has been
found true, worthy 'and capable. '^SafJ*)^
- In January, 18»7, the writer entered the As
sembly with Mr. Anderson. 1 Wo served on two
Important committees together. He waa al
ways to be depended on to do what was right.
When that famous raid on those bribe-exposing
coyote scalp telegrams which were being sent
out of the State was made Anderson was the
man who stayed up In the fog all night at
Sacramento to do his duty at daybreak, and
all the power of the Western Union Telegraph
and Wells-Fargo corporations could not swerve
him one lota.
In 1399 Mr. Anderson was made Speaker. In
that long, trying session, when the Senatorial
storms were raging furfi#cly, Mr. Anderson
presided with marked ability and Impartiality.
Xo breath pf scandal or suspicion touches any
thing ever done by him.
There is every reason why such a man should
be re-elected. It raises the reputation of th©
California Legislature and marks It with an
air of honesty and straightforward business.
Although California may have such a majority
this year for McKinley as may make some
Republicans overconfident and reckless, yet
the News fears that unless the .Republican
party in California proves true to the trust.
Imposed In It and rises equal to Its opportu
nities in giving a good and wise government
of this State, the campaign of 1902, when a
United States Senator, Governor and other
State and county officers are to be elected, may
not prove so satisfactory. • The re-election of
Alden Anderson Speaker is a move In the di
rection of wise 'government and Republican
victory in" 1932..
The re-election of Mr. Anderson would not be
the triumph of any faction in the party. Ha
is a close friend of Governor Gage and would
be in touch with him in his heroic efforts to
redeem Republican party pledges for an hon
est and economical administration of State af
fairs. The editor of the News is second to no
man in giving Governor Gage full credit and
praise for his faithful administration of State
affairs. And we believe that the re-election of
Mr, Andei son as Speaker will uphold the Gov
ernor's hands.
In the diplomatic task of presiding over tha
Assembly during that bitter Senatorial con
test, Mr. Anderson has Always good words
to say of Colonel Burns, General Barnes, Sen
ator Bulla and Mr. Grant. While standing pat
for what he believed his constituents wanted,
he treated all Impartially and fairly.
That he did right is demonstrated by the
nearly doubled majority with which he, was
re-elected to the Assembly in that Nineteenth
District on the 6th of November.
Mr. Anderson has made many trips over
Southern California. He Is familiar with the
needs of Southern California and its institu
tions and is broad-minded enough to treat all
sections of the State squarely and impartially.
The editor of the News, as the Assemblyman
from this Seventieth District, supports Mr. An
derson voluntarily and without any promise of
and kind. We do It because we favor a man
who has been tried in the balance and who
has been found full weight and not wanting.
There are those who think that under all
circumstances and in all occasions a Southern
California man should be supported, and they
ory for harmony and for unity.
But the News holds that in cases Ilka this,
where an experienced man can be had to pre
side over a body where such a vast accumula
tion of business is to be done in so short a
time, then we should stale sectionalism for the
good of the whole State. Indeed, by doing so,
we harmonize all sections of the State and all
factions in the party, so the greatest good may
come out of tha Legislature In tha very short
est time.
There are other aspirants for this position,
but none that have the experience and have
been tried as has been Hon. Alden Anderson
of Solano County. Let us re-elect him. ,
- The Pasadena News also expresses the
hope that Senator Thomas Flint Jr., who
has served the State In the Senate of the
Legislature for twelve yearB. will bo re
elected President pro tern, of the Senate
without opposition. Senator Flint la
spoken of as one of the cleanest and most
capable officers In the State.
Sentiment in Southern California Re
lating to Presidency Pro Tern,
of Senate and - Speaker- ¦?
ship of Assembly.
Services of Thomas Flint
Jr.*and Alden Anderson
Appreciated.
GOOD WORDS FOR
HONORABLE MEN
THE. SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
TO BAIU
9
Snn* rises 7:06
Son seta • • ...4:£1
Moon Mts ....1:33 a. ra.
•H Time Time Time Time
f Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
ff * L> W H W L. W H W
1... 9:00 1.1 1:45 5.8 l:W~ol 7:4* ~T5
1 ... ' 0:62 J.O 7:» 6.0 MS 0.1 8:SS 4.3
J ... 1:46 2.2 «:1! 6.3 g:09 — 0.& 10:01 4.4
4 ... MS J.« 8:87 -6.5 8:59-^-0.9 11:00 4.5
t ... X:V. 2.9 t:41 6.5 4:47—1.2 11:57 4.C
f ... 4:14 J.I 10:26 . 6.5 5:84—1.3
H W L W H W : L W
7. ..[ •:« 4.7 6:04 3.1 11:1* 6.4 «:» — 1.1
Bteamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Emrlro .... Coos Bay [D«o. 1, li m Pier 13
Rainier .... Seattle |Dec. 1. 6 pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Dec. i, 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Deo. 1, 3 pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Bd. Dec. 2. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Eureka .... | Humboldt Deo. 2. 9 am Pier 13
Zealandla .Honolulu Dec. J. 2 pm Pier 7
Eamoa Humboldt Deo. 3, 10 am Pier 2
Australia .. Tahiti Dec. 4, 4 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 4, 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Dec. 4. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona ...[Humboldt Dec. 4, 2 pm Pier 9
Del Nortel Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 4. 9 am Pier 20
Queen < San Diego Dec. 5. 9 am Pier 11
J. Klmball Seattle Dec. 8, 5 pm Pier 2
Mexico ....Mexico Deo. 5. 12mPter27
Arcata — Coos Bay Dec. «, 10 am Pier 13
Nip. Mam. China &Japan Deo. 6. 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & Pyt Sd. Dec. 7. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Corona — (Newport JDac. 7. 9 am Pier 11
City Sldn'yjN. Y. v. Pan.fDeo. 8. 12 m|PMSS
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
City of SydneyjNew York via. Panama Dec. 1
Columbia IPortland Dec 1
Iaqua 8an Diego d«,. j
Del Xorte Portland and Coos Bay. Deo. 1
Mackinaw Seattle. D«o. 1
Queen [San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 3
Bonlta Newport and Way Ports Dec. 2
Pomona [Eureka Dec. 2
Washtenaw Kanalmo.. Deo. 2
Santa Barbara. (Humboldt Dec. 2
Umatllla /Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. S
South Portland [Seattle Deo. S
Arcata Coo* Bay Deo. 4
Eureka Humboldt. Deo. B
Mlneola Nanalmo Deo. 6
Corona Newport Dec. 5
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland Dec. 6
Point Arena... Point Arena Deo. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 6
Mandalay Coqulllo River Deo. 8
Santa Rosa ... San Diego Deo. 6
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Dec. 7
North Fork ... Humboldt Deo. 7
Newburg , Grays Harbor Deo. 7
Rlvai IWUlapa, Dec. 8
Bteamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Emrlro .... Coos Bay [D«o. 1, li m Pier 13
Rainier .... Seattle |Dec. 1. 6 pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Dec. i, 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Deo. 1, 3 pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Bd. Dec. 2. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Eureka .... | Humboldt Deo. 2. 9 am Pier 13
Zealandla .Honolulu Dec. J. 2 pm Pier 7
Eamoa Humboldt Deo. 3, 10 am Pier 2
Australia .. Tahiti Dec. 4, 4 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 4, 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Dec. 4. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona ...[Humboldt Dec. 4, 2 pm Pier 9
Del Nortel Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 4. 9 am Pier 20
Queen < San Diego Dec. 5. 9 am Pier 11
J. Klmball Seattle Dec. 8, 5 pm Pier 2
Mexico ....Mexico Deo. 5. 12mPter27
Arcata — Coos Bay Dec. «, 10 am Pier 13
Nip. Mam. China &Japan Deo. 6. 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & Pyt Sd. Dec. 7. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Corona — (Newport JDac. 7. 9 am Pier 11
City Sldn'yjN. Y. v. Pan.fDeo. 8. 12 m|PMSS
Snn* rises 7:06
Son seta • • ...4:£1
Moon Mts ....1:33 a. ra.
•H Time Time Time Time
f Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
ff * L> W H W L. W H W
1... 9:00 1.1 1:45 5.8 l:W~ol 7:4* ~T5
1 ... ' 0:62 J.O 7:» 6.0 MS 0.1 8:SS 4.3
J ... 1:46 2.2 «:1! 6.3 g:09 — 0.& 10:01 4.4
4 ... MS J.« 8:87 -6.5 8:59-^-0.9 11:00 4.5
t ... X:V. 2.9 t:41 6.5 4:47—1.2 11:57 4.C
f ... 4:14 J.I 10:26 . 6.5 5:84—1.3
H W L W H W : L W
7. ..[ •:« 4.7 6:04 3.1 11:1* 6.4 «:» — 1.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
City of SydneyjNew York via. Panama Dec. 1
Columbia IPortland Dec 1
Iaqua 8an Diego d«,. j
Del Xorte Portland and Coos Bay. Deo. 1
Mackinaw Seattle. D«o. 1
Queen [San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 3
Bonlta Newport and Way Ports Dec. 2
Pomona [Eureka Dec. 2
Washtenaw Kanalmo.. Deo. 2
Santa Barbara. (Humboldt Dec. 2
Umatllla /Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. S
South Portland [Seattle Deo. S
Arcata Coo* Bay Deo. 4
Eureka Humboldt. Deo. B
Mlneola Nanalmo Deo. 6
Corona Newport Dec. 5
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland Dec. 6
Point Arena... Point Arena Deo. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 6
Mandalay Coqulllo River Deo. 8
Santa Rosa ... San Diego Deo. 6
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Dec. 7
North Fork ... Humboldt Deo. 7
Newburg , Grays Harbor Deo. 7
Rlvai IWUlapa, Dec. 8
AT>V F'p.T' rR '^' M ' y - TJ ' ra -
For a r Cold in the Head.
¦ XytLza ti ve Bromo-Qulnine TabUt*. , . •
DECEMBER TWO, NLNETEEN HUNDRED.
4 — : : ; i j.
HOW I BROUGHT THIRTEEN CANNIBALS
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
By Captain Edward Maces of the Mascotte.
HOW IT FEELS TO HAVE MONEY TO
BURN.
By Blanche Walker Boardman.
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
GALL.
•' ¦ . : ' , -
CONDENSED FOODS NOW THE PROPER
THING.
SOCIETY WOMEN AT THE DOLL SHOW.
THE SOCIAL SIDE OF NOME.
TO EUROPE UNDER THE OCEAN.
i "'.", " 1 ; — : — '— 1-
THE SIWDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
There is no hog fat in
WHITE COTTOLENE. ;
Animal fats (and more espe-
cially hog fat) are mostly im-
pure, and arc condemned by emi-
nent physicians., as being un-
B wholesome and unhealthful. c
WHITE COTTOLENE is
pure vegetable oil, refined and
clarified, with just enough choice
beef suet to -give it consistency.
Food cooked with it is whole-
some, delicious, appetizing, and
will not distress in the slightest
degree the most delicate stomach.
Try a pail and you will not be
satisfied with anything- else there-
after for shortening and frying.
/ *"' -$W\ . Tb e N.K.Falrbauk Company,
r CUcm«o— Sole ILannTactararm.
\TBblzkfj&2 TztV.*d fr*+ to *nj *A4r**». For
llJiSSSftt* oneirrtjimp we»ij|«-od»rfooiir
He:p» " lilted W Un. Rarer.
PILES CURED
TT« wtl] per t2S to tinr cm who eaaaot b*
-_r»<J with on* box o£ VERUS PILE CURB.
Price «.
Over WX carts. No clalmast for reward.
"I am >cr» tnr eate of piles tu as bad as
f • >• case could be. I baa tb«ra fifteen jrean
*-.i tii<>d All aorta of remedies. I nw tba
Verss Pile Cure advertised, bought a box. with
!tttl*-bcp« of a cure. lir.ajrine my lurprls*
wbto Sv* applleaUcna cured- cce. It la tba
Utt m tb» world. J. MORRISON,
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Ea 225, WIteOlWort
Or F-illrfton Drug Co., Aarenta, Isom A^a*el«a,
CsX.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
*'cr the Cure o! Gonorrhoea. Cleata,
Btrlcturea and analogous complaints
of Lha Or last of Generation. -
Prlc* (1 * bottle, nor aaJo by Czngtltt*.
PAHTB'S CEIiERY COMPOUND.
ICures Indigestion, Nerve Exhaus= S|s^^^~^
Ition, Purifies the Blood. _^^^^^^X\, I
I J, M. OLSON, Machinist, my digestion was very bad"; I had
H palpitation of the heart, attacks of dizziness when getting '^^^^^B^^ii f|Sk
i up in the morning, and was in a generally run-down state. |^^^^^^^§^} w \
| Paine's Celerj' Compound makes me well, and I now use /|f$1i|l|
I Do you go home from work feel- fewfs®
ling exhausted, with a tired head and
Ian aching back? Do you wake up in J|||f ft 11*^?!
1 the morning with dizziness, poor appe- M«?F|| 1@|UM
itite, and nerves unstrung? Paine's §|fj|j/^
I Celery Compound will restore your |g|fM\\
LwwMB?iMiiii' Y P f liiifiimiiii^ O ELERY OO *!!J!jf**^t>-THE STOCK MARKET.
/CHICAGO, Nov. 80.— Wheat formed a dull and
featureless market.'* Speculative; trade was: al
most ¦ at : a , EtandstlU, ; while operators changed
their ' December" holdings • for January \ or r - May.
The tendency nearly - all '.day \ was ' downward.'
December, opened a shade to ¦ lower, at ,70c to
6»H < &69'5ic' on liberal receipts, ' in | sympathy .with
the ! corn ¦ slump : and '¦• on * the • closing , of ' impor
tant ; Minneapolis mills. ': The market following
the opening • touched * 6994c."- \ Shorts covered v . on
steady, cables and- reports of \ favorable -weather
In ¦-¦ Argentina . and 2 December • rallied ! to \ 7CVi@
70%c ,'iThere * was v no .' foreign . demand £ and as
other support ".was : lacking ¦ the .-. bulge ; wad - re
placed i by a ; decline : to • 69Hc" i.The - close was
weak; . Ho lower. ; at 69%f 69?4c '
' November ! corn ' broke ; sharply, - following , the
slump begun Wednesday. Phillips was not 1 la
the !• pit. -¦ • Scattered z longs : who n stayed % In t the
market "•' liquidated, - and f November,* * which
opened at. 38 to J7c, dropped to 35Hc and closed
it that flgur*, : tyftc under Wednesday. -' Decem-
x , ... ¦:.„.. . . — — - — -—• *
SEW. YORK, Nov.' "So.— Bjadstreet' s to-mor-
v rcw. will. say: Unsettled weather and" holidays •
'art a drawback to retail and Jobbing dlstrlbu- ,
ticn in many markets, but the general situation
Is still ¦ a most satlsfactorj' one and ' the • iron
and steel.'; cool, boot and • shoe. '• hardware', and
lumber trades ; are, consplcuously,;well irialn^
telned. The industrial situation Is also degerv
lr.gof note because at the striking absence of '
complaint as to idleness or, as to pending or
future labor troubles. '¦¦:¦ -.-. ¦ - ¦
-¦: While the . volume of i ne'w . orders in ;* crude
ir.aterial continues .moderate when compared
with the enormous activity for sometime past
business in - iron and steel is ¦ steadier ! and as
a- iule held better in; hand. •,? Advices: from the
"V^'est . are of : large business doing i in « piglron,
while .rails. . structural >-r material; - plates^ and
bp.rs are being ordered In' heavy volumes." Mills ¦¦
turning out flniFhed products are generally; or
dered six to eight ! weeks ¦ ahead - and \ January;
1901, [deliveries .are being called '. lor\ In nonu
cases. -Whatever • changes ¦ are ;' expected i ar*
looked for. in the shape of advanced prices. 1 ,-.'
- Southern ; plglron has ; been ', sold i heavily and
an advance to }U 25 tor No. 2 is predicted foj^
Chicago Grain Market.
Brad street's on Trade.
Informal Session— 9:15 o" clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls; 72^0. .
"'¦' Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls,
72Hc. -'-^ss«aiy*gEwrt^«aaciy'"" Jl" ntjiffliwijifri m 1
-Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 7S%c; 400O.
71c. . - >T ''v^ . ¦ ¦ • •
; OATS— Red ; continue very stiff, and dealers
are talking of a further; advance.
• •v White. ';$1 30@l 50: Surprise, '+¦ nominal; -Red.
$1 20<gl 30 for feed and Jl 35® 1 40 for seed; Gray,
nominal;. Black, for feed, $1 12V£©1 20; for seed,
$1 20<31 30 per ctl. :>-•-. - .
;, CORN— The ; market; is i easy, and ;- quotations
show a downward tendency on all lota that are
CALL BOARD ¦ SALES,
- . BARLEY — The scarcity , in choice bright feed
continues and the market for this description is
a fraction higher. Otherwise ¦ there Is no
change.: -N"'"^SMiBO|WP"Bi .-'•¦'¦ ¦•'¦
Feed, 7&@77^»c for choice bright, 72>4@73?ie for
Ko.U'and 67}4@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping ; grades, , 80<@85c ; '.Chevalier, nominal. :
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Besslon— 9:15 : o'clock— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 03H : : 2000, . U 03% : 8000, : $1 03&. December—
2C00 ,95%c: 4000.'. 95Vic • .-..
Second ;- Session— May— 10.000 . ctls, ; $1 03. De
cember—4000, 95Hc. : ¦--- /. >.-.:,, ;
- Regular < • Morning' Session— May— 22.000 ctls,
$1 03'/*; ' December— 4G00,. 95*4c . :.'.¦
'Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. $103: J2.0CO,
$1 03>*. December— 2000.^ 95c;. 2000, 95Uc . .. ;
Chicago i opened ; tamely, -with \ commission
houses ¦ selling. T. Foreigners .were good . buyers,
though ; no j large export trade ; was looked . for.
There were more buyers than sellers, '• however.
"Argentine weather" was unfavorable. Recent
shipments . from ' Chicago lhave ; largely gone to
Eastern mills, and will not appear in the visible
supply. >' St.; Louis reported a falling- off In re
ceipts. ' The •Consolidated MUls < of ; Minneapolis
closed I five mills on Wednesday, owing to lack
of demand for Flour, leaving ten mills running.
Minneapolis '- expects : the week's stocks, to in
crease ' 500,000 - bushels. - The elevator men are
the principal buyers at Chicago.' but are buying
December - and : selling January and, f May
apalnst it. } ' -
Futures and ''spot prices _,were both slightly
off In the : local market.' .'. :¦'' • ¦
• Spot Shipping,' 96Vic: Milling, . fl@
102% per ctl. r" -- .' t
WHEAT— Liverpool and Parli" futures were
both higher. New York was a shade lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Fine Silver, per ounce... — to%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ COtt © 51
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — M 82^
Sterling Exchange.- sight.... — ; 4 86%'
8terllng Cables .."..".; — 4 87H
New York Exchange, sight — 6
New York' Bxchange, telegraphlo — - '7^4
Exchange and Bullion.
;NCW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sh8res Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
21,1«0 Atchison '. 40*i
21.600 Atchison prefd ......V. 8<H
. 5.500 Baltimore & Ohio 81*4
...... Canadian Pacific * 86:
TOO Canada Southern £gi;
4M00 cbesajieake & Ohio........ 8S»»
3.4"© Chicago Great Western...; H*»
4.»00 Chlca»o.Borlinrton & Quincy. r. ..'..'IMiii
400 Chicago, Ind & Louisville H
2r« Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 67
W Chkac>& Eastern Illinois $8
¦?G0 Chicago & Northwertern :.1«">
1,600 Chicago. ISock Inland & Pacific.. ...US\
1,<«00 C C C 4 8t Louts '. 6«H
(wo Coloraflo Southern .".. 7
. 1.W Colorado Southern let prefd. . .;..;.; 41 :
200 Colorado Southern 2d rrefd.. ........ IS
United States refunding 2s and the 5s reirlft
tered declined '4 and the ; new 4s advanced %
per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK, Nov. SO.-There war a large
tusines* dore in stocks aca.n to-day, but the
activity -wat- nix well maintained throughout
the session. Ttje «urface indications were that
tfc» larfe early business wai for Lrndyn ac
count. For ins-aree. the ptices-oX Amfirictris
advanced In London btfore the° opening; here.
This was in spite of the general heavlnses of
the !><KKlon market,- due to the-°njoney market
conditions and to the discouraging news-, from
Fouth Africa. But after the opening her* for
eign arbitrage brokers were sellers of stocks
*rd their fcties on balence tcr, to-day' were es
timated at 40,00m shares. TJie inference lt>
pretty plain th*t London's early advance waa
on New York buying, while the genuine Lon
don trar.sactlon« in this market were on the
wiling «ide. The>- had little influence- on
prices, %vhich went to the best generally after
the arbitrage operations had ceased. The ln-
Huence of . th« mid-week Interruption » of
Thanksgiving was still manifest to-day. There
was much closing up of accounts on Wednes
day and there was general Indisposition to re
open them to-day for a day and a half.- With
the exception of Rome continued large touring
in seme quarter* cf the railroad llet. the trad
ing wm, however, lanruld. especially during
the latter part of the day. A firmer tendency
of the money market and a rise' In the call
lo&n rate to 4hi v*r <*ent late In the day were
alBO an Influence toward repressing activity. <
Prices of otocks were affected by the riws
in the money rate, but there were substantial
rallies in epcts and the closing was firm but
rot «t the best. In the railroad list etdeks of
Southern and Southwestern roads were notably
firmer, led by Chesapeake and Ohio,.whJclj got
up IH and closed at the top. The Chicago
and Altor. stocks rose strongly. The tobacco
etocks were' weak on the withdrawal of im
portant intf retts. Paciflc Mall reacted
Th» American Smelting stocks were weak
early en an Alleg-ed project to organize an op
position, but . rallied etroniriy and dosed with
good net trains. The downward . course of
Amalgamated Copper was checked after an
early 4tclin<> and the stock has a net gain on
the day. ; The ete^l nocks were neglected all
<J«y and they showed changes both ways. The
rxmd market was active and strong, with a
notable . demand for Kansas and Texas, £t.
Louie ar.fl Southwestern, Southern Paciflc, t_*n
irn Pacific, Atchison and Reading istues. To
tal sale*. |>ar value. $7,260,000.
AVzr York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Dealings at the New York Ktnck Exchr.nge
were emaller this week than at any , time
since the electlo". This was in part due to the
holiday on Thursday, .which cacurally liaJ a
tendency to rsstrict speculation. It naH. how
ever, noted • that the falling iff In the velum*
of transactions was attended by a changed
character of the market, 'Indicated by a de
creased prominence on the part of the . ccm
mls?lon houses and more open evl Jence ¦ that
manipulation was responsible tor the bullish
tendencies In many of the more prominent
stocks. The Irregularity of price3 seemed in
fact to proceed largely from, the absence -of
the eag.ir buying demand for :;iock.s on the
part of the public, which had been the niain
cause of the advance during the preceding fort'
night. Outside participation, - however, con
tinues on - a large Bcale, and a good deal ¦ of
profit-taking was Indulged in. but - there was
no sign i of general liquidation. Excellent in
vestment buying is still noted, ¦ particularly at
concessions, and declines, 'whether the result
of realising by speculative holders or of , the
Increased activity of bearish professionals seem
to rise in the appearance I of support and fresh
buying. - The board I room \ traders I were (some
what inclined to work ' for a reaction. I particu
larly when it was seen that, the fortnightly set
tlement at. London which* began on. Tuesday
revealed no such extensive short Interest ¦ In
Americans as had been expected. It appears
in fact that the amount of this short Interest
In our stocks abroad had been exaggerated and
that the principal portion . of ¦ It had been pre
viously covered. The London public, Indeed,
showed some disposition to buy American rails
this week, but the foreign selling apparently of
long stock continues on a scale which.' It ' is
held, accounts. for the strength and advancing
tendency of foreign markets. • ; The New York
money market, however, takes no alarm • at
the foreign selling, and the money market here
disregards both the firmness of discount rates
In London and the rise in foreign exchange.
Lost Saturday's bank statement waa accepted
as indicating: that ' money will . from now. - on
accumulate at New York . and the rates for
both time and call loans show an Inclination
to become easier, despite indications of a poor
statement to-day. This supports the feeling
on the part of the street at large that, in spite
of • Its liability to be trregrular and to even
exhibit reactlono. the • stock market " is likely
to continue In Its upward course for somo
time. • _____ '
NEAV TORK, Nov. 30.— Bradstreet 1 s Finan
cial Review to-morrow will gay:.
Butter, Cbeess and Fggs saow 00 efcaas*
from last week.
Turkeys are cheaper, now that Thankagivinjr
Is over, and then are plenty on the market.
Game Is also ch«a>per.
Fruits and Vegetables show no particular
charge.
, Beef, Mutton and Veal are higher at whola
sale, but retail prices show.little Changs.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel % ©14 <V» Soathfleld
Wellington .. ©U CO Wellington — <jn CO
Seattle 9 CO® Coos Bay.... Q 7 so
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice,sq.45©33 1 Common Eggs S0<83S
Do. good 33<J?40, Ranch Eggs, par
Pickled dozen ss-gHS
Tub, per lb 25@— Honey ComT), per
Cheese, Cal 12015 pound 15S£)
Cheese. Eastern... 17 820 1 Do. extracted... 10@ll
Cheese. Swiss 20@3Si
Meats, per lb—
Bacon .....12Hffl(i: Round Steak ....ItVf>—
Beef, cholco ......13U20 Sirloin Steak ....15^
. do, good 10®12 Porterhouse do ...200—
Corned Beef — @10 Smoked Betf —©IS
Ham .'. 13<S15 Pork, salt 13315
Lard — ©13 Pork Chops ......li@13
Mutton 10f{?12 Pork Sausages.. 12H?J^
Lamb ..;;— #12 Veal 12gl5
Pork, fresh 15@— /
Poultry and Game — •
Hens, each ..'..-. .S0<3«3 Doves, per do»....S5ff>0
Toung Roosters. QuaJl. per doa VB*
each 5O®«5 EngUib. Snip*, per
Old Roosters, ea. .40^50 dozen J3 0C@—
Fryers, each ....40® 45 Jack Snip* .. 1 50$ —
Broilers, each 3O@4O Mallard. patr.TScfitt 00
Turkeys, per lb..lS«20 Canvasback ..75cQ$l 25
Ducks, each 50^60'Sprig ......~......80&7S
Geese, each...$l 60®l 75 Teal .......^.......503«O
Pigeons, pair 40®S0 Widgeon 40@50
Rabbits, pair ....40S3O Small Duck 3O@35
Har«. each — S20 WIM Geese* pair.— Qii
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, per lb-.15<& — Lemons, das ....10(923
Apples 4g 5 Raisins, per rb..,.— «!*—
Bananas, do* ....20<#:3 Raspberries, dr...40^fW
Grapes, per lb.... S#12 Strawberries, per
Oranges, doa......S0iB5Q basket 35®S0
Limes, per doz U''dl2 Walnuts, per Ib..l3^—
Vegetables^ — .
Asparagus, per lb30®— jLettuca. per dos.lSiffSO
Artichokes, do*.. 75c(fn| Onions, per lb.... 3<| $
Beets, doz 10@— Okra, sre«a,pr lb.lO#13
Beans, white, lb. S3 3 Peppers, green, lb 5010
Ooiored, per rb.10®— Potatoes, per lb. tit —
T.tr^a per ib — 0 g Sweet Potatoes,lb 3©—
Cabbage, each .. 6<9 — Parsnips, per dz.10'9' —
Cauliflowers, ea... 5f? — Radlshes.dz bchs.15923
Celery, head ha— Sage, dox bnchs..25S3O
Cress, doz bnchs. 15020 String Beans, lb.. 8013
Cucumbers, pr dzP8C5 Thyme, per lb 2Z<d3a
Egg' Plant, lb ««15 Turnips, per d«..10iS^—
Green P«aa. lb... 6<81SiTomatoe«. per lb.. t@ i
.
Barracuda U^UIBhad ........... — 8ffl<>
Carp "..... giJJiOISea Bass — #1*
Codfish 12S15! Smelts ........121?—
Flounders 10® 12 Soles 1M*—
Halibut 10^13 Skate*, each *»'»
Klngflsh m— Tomcod -T2 15
Mackerel 15©~ Claras. P»««»,— I r 8 js:
Do. Horse ....12>i«- Do. hardshell. lbS<|10
Perch ..10«13 Crab*, each. 1ZH<&—
pompino"".:'.:....:^-! .dSt*****!. **>%-
Rockflsh 12H€*- Mussels.. %*f rt :»''uai£
S.umon. fresh ....20®-; Oysters Cal, W°-«§~
Do smoked ....-**15 Do. Eastern, <S*-V«
Shrimps ••• 8gl°
Bradstreefs Financial Review.
Family Retail Market.
NEW ; TORK. Nflv. SO.— The cotton \ market
opened steady, with prices 4S11 points ' higher,
and after the call worked several points higher
on brislc iemand from ' foreign Interests. ¦ Prices
settled a few t>oints on sales for profits, closing
quit-t, :wlth prices 1 to 12 points higher.
New Cotton Market.
NEW, TORK. Nov. 30.— The principal feature
in the. metal market' to-day was the decided
drop • In tin, caused by the large I arrivals and
weak advices from London. The close here
was easy at 27. 25c$27.75o. Copper.' on the other
hand, was firmer -at 17o- ' Pig Iron warrants
continue quiet at 9.50c@10.£>0c. Lead dull at
4.37%c, and spelter, quiet at 4.30c®4.S5c. The
brokers' price for lead was " 4o and for copper
17c * ¦¦ ¦ • ¦¦ ¦ :";: . ; '-.¦ ¦ '¦-¦ ¦ : :
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— Offerings of evapo
rated apples were quite liberal, but the mar
ket was quiet and; easy -without any material
change In Dr Ices. State - common were quoted
from 4@5c: prime," 4%©5>4c; choice, 5% ® 6c. and
fancy, 6@6%c. > " - ¦ vaBaagwy p'tii m J^Pll
California Dried Fruits were dull but steady.
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3%@8%c per
pound. : --'fiMS!ttSKSjs#tadMMsAHSH40s|sf«4ML0k
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14o; Moorpark, 15@16o..
' PEACHES— Peeled, ; 16®20c ; unpeeled. ¦ 6@9c -
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Quiet. .
. COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7V4c; mild. : market quiet: Cordova, . 9%@13' A c
Futures closed barely steady at net unchanged
prices to 6 points advance. Total sales, 23.000
bags, Including: December, |6 10; March, $6 33
©6 40; May, $6 60; July, |6 50@8 60; September,
$G65S6 70. . . •
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair, refining. 3 5 r 16c;
centrifugal.' 9« test.. 4 7-16c; molasses sugar,
3 ll-16c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 40C4 . packages; dull;
Creamery, 18925c; June , creamery, 18@23c; fac
tory, 12@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4717 packages. ¦ Strong;
Western regular packing a.t mark, 20@24c;
Western, ¦ los» off. 27c. ¦ .
WHEAT— Receipts, 101,625 .bushels; exports,
27,000 bushels. Spot ; market, easier? No. 2 red,
77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80%o f . o. b. afloat. Op
tions had an easy opening with cables, but
rallied sharply on adverse Argentine news and
added speculative demand/ : Subsequently this
gave : way to an active renewal of December
liquidation, aided by ! news of « more Minnesota
mills' shutting down and / prices touched the
lowest poi»t on the day and closed weak at
Vt€%c net decline. March 79%<§79?ic. closed
79V4c: May 78 16-16@79%c, closed 79c; December
76<&76Hc, closed 76%c
¦*— ¦ .... . — : ~
NEW TORK, Nov. 80.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2G.400; exports, 19,758. Market quiet and some
what easier In tone with the break In wheat
New York Grain and Produce.
FORECAST,
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
ra*>t twenty-four hours along the Paciflc Coast
from Point Conception northward. An area
of higii pressure now covers the country from
the Rocky Mountains to the Paciflc Ocean and
will probably prevent the southward movement
of the depression over British Columbia.
The temi>erature has remained nearly sta
tionary we*t of the Rocky Mountains except
over Nevada, where there has been a rapid
ris*. :
Rain has fallen en the Pacific* Coaet gener
ally,, north of Mount Shasta.
The following maximum wind velocities ar«
reported: Portland. 32 miles per hour from the
eotrthwwt; Pocatello. 34 from the south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bours. ending midnight. December 1, 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday; light
northerly, chanting to southeasterly, winds.
B6uthern California— Fair Saturday: light
northerly winds: light frosts In the interior.
S>va*ia— Omidy; cooler Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and \-icihit3' — Clouiiy Satur
day; continues cool; lieht northerly, winds,
changing to southeasterly. > ?
ALEXANDER G. c McADIE,
¦ .:; ..-,,-; Forecast Official..
San PYaneisco data: Maximum temperature.
ti miniinuni. 45; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
WHEAT — Spot, steady; No. 1 California. 6s
2>4d. Futures, quiet; December, 5s 10%d;
March. 6s Ud; - -^ " „
CORN— Spot, quiet. Futures, steady; Novem
ber, nominal; December. , 4s ; %A ; January. 3s
9^id. '•¦ " ¦-• ••: : ;¦
The imports st wheat during the past three
days were 77,000 centals, Including 65,000 centals
frcm America.. '.
LIVERPOOL,' Nqv. 30.— Wheat, quiet; No.1
standard California, 6s 2d#6s ¦ 3T«d: wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d. '
CLOSING,
LONDON, Nov. 30.— Consols. 98V4; silver.
29 ll-16d; French rentes, lOlf 6c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard
California, 30s 3d; Walla Walla. 29s 3d; English
country markets, quiet. ¦
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Nov. 30.— Wheat, dull, %o lower;
bluestem, 56c: club, 53c.
X -5~.- OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 30.— The wheat market
showed up weaker than ever after the Thanks
giving holiday and there was very little busi
ness doing In the local market. The highest
offer reported for Walla Walla to-day was 52%c.
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 368,027 bushels.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 30.— Clearings. $494,
400; balances. $57,4112. " .IV v;.';.
The general condition of, the market is con
sidered - healthy and the outlook points to a
steady ' trade. The sales of , the week were
3,370,000 pounds .domestic and 525,000 pounds
foreign, a total of 3,895,000 . for this week,
against a total of 4,789,000 last week, and a
total, of 12.178,000 pounds for the corresponding
week last year. The receipts to date show a.
decrease of 293. 078 ¦ bales domestic and an in -
crease of 51,588 bales foreign against last year.
The sales to date show a decrease of 152,416.700
pounds domestic and 85,456,300 pounds foreign.
BOSTON, Nov. 30.— The .Commercial Bulletin
t&- morrow will 'say: For a holiday week busi
ness in wool has been of average proportions.
There is a steady inquiry from manufacturers.
Prices are sustained, showing no change from
last week. Foreign wool and goods markets
are steadily Improving.
Boston Wool Market.
Sheep— Receipts, E000. Sheep, steady to
.strong; lambs, active, about 10c higher. Good
to choice wethers, -S4 0004 35; fair to choice
mixed, ; $3 60®4 00; Western sheep, {4 O0©4 25;
Texas she«p, $2 50@3 60; native" lambs, $3 50®
5 30; Western lambs, $4 50@5 25.
Hogs— Receipts, to-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
20,000; left ' over, 3500. Average shade lower,
top,- $4 92%; mixed and butchers. $4 60@4 92%;
good to choice, heavy, $4 65@4 80; rough heavy,
|4 C0@4 60; light, %i SQQi SO;, bulk of sales, $4 70
@4 85/ :r V-- t
CHICAGO, ; Nov. SO.— Cattle— Receplts. 3500;-
Generally steady^ butchers' stock steady to
slow. Good to f! prime steers, $5 35@5 90; poor
to medium, $4 00@5 25; selected feeders, steady
to slow, $3 40^/4 20; mixed . stockers, weak,
$2 25@3 50; cows, $2 60@4 15; heifers, $2 65®
4 60; canners, $2 00<22 50; bulk, $2 50®4 10;
calves, steady, $3 60@5 60: Texas fed ¦ steers,
S4 SO; grass fed steers, ?3 60®4 10; bulls. $3 BO
04 10. "./:;-•
" Flour— . ¦ .
Opening .....V. ... 25 70 17 35
Closing ........: 25 SO; 2740
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL. ,•{}>..;"
Wheat- Dec Feb. Mar.
Opening 6 11% .... 6 %
Closing 6 10% .... 6%
PARIS.
Wheat—- . . . ...„. . Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 90 2135
Closing 20 00 2135
On the 'Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dulir creameries, 15@2Sc; dairies.
13@20few Cheese, firm, 10U@UHo. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 25a,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat* s5 compared with those cf same date ia*t
•eason, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
FAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 30, 5 p. m.
C2^th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
New PerFian dates have been advanced He
by the cole holder of these goods, demand for
¦which continues very brisk. Prunes do not
appear to be in suite as actlvwleroasd as they
were last week. Outside prunes from the
CVart are closely cleaned up and few are of
fering. No outEide €0-70 Santa Clara* are
row to be had at cut prices, and only a lim
ited quantity of other Fixes Is available. It Is
et'.ll possible to buy some outside 40-50s. B*€0s.
7<-£0s na<3 tO-90e at %c unJer the association
prices. Peaches, pears, npricots, etc., are in
cn!y a FmsJl demand. Eva.pora.ted apples are,
if anything, a trifle firmer, some asking as
high as 5%c for prime en the spot."
Mail afivicf* from New Tork say: "Prmand
for walnuts continues unabated, and their
strength remains the most Interesting feature
of m Quite generally inactive market. Sales
of new Grenobles were reported yesterday at
both ll\c and 12c. Stocks of all walnuts are
extremely light, arrivals In the pact few days
from France end London being of too limited
a figure to help the eitu>uion to any appreci
able exter.t. Filberts continue in good demand,
tut other r.uts are quiet. Almonds are easier.
Some bueiress was done yesterday In Califor
nia almonds at a considerable concession.
Local bark cJrarlngs in November were $S2,
2P3.647. apainft S9M35.Be? for November. 1839.
F<pr the first eleven months of the year they
¦were J336.142.SS4. against tSS3,7?1.960 for the
came period in 1599.
Dried Fruits & Nuts in New York.
Bank Clearings.
Tfc* receipts of Customs duties at this port
fcr the month of November amounted. to $790,
£66, making a total for the year, of 17.095.616.
Customs Duties.
Che coinage of the local Mint In November
$12.6(0.000 In double e&gles and $525,000 In
balf-eaplee. Tbis is a very large record for
one month. • •«
Coinage of the Mint.
DOMINION OF CANADA
?'EW TORK, Nov. ! 30.— The. Commercial Ad
vertiser's ~ London .cablegram/ says:
The markets here were fairly active andcheer
ful - to-day. 'Americans • were brisk but -¦ er
ratic. . flr.irt i nsr a t the • best. 1 London bought
moderately, as did the Continent. ->.--.-¦
The favorite* were Loulsvllla and Nwh-
London Market.
rteadwood £S Quicksilver prefd.. 7 00
Gould A- Curry.... • F0 Sierra Nevada. 30
Hale- &¦ Norcross.. ' IS Standard- .¦ 2 SO
Homesttke .'.15 00 Union Con 12
Iron" Silver... 80 Yellow Jacket...... 15
Mexican 20 Brunswick 10
Ontario..... 6 00
.— BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money—- ¦' Union Paeiflo ...... 73
Call loans 324 Union Land 8%
Time leans 4gt West End ...".. 93%
Stocks— ¦' •-•. Westlngh Elec.... 51%
AtthToS 4 S F..W Bonds—"
. Do'prefd." M ¦ Atchleon 4s ...... .101%
Amer Sugar 132H N E G & Coke 5s.. 69%
Do prefd: ...Ill , Mining Shares—
Bell Tele '. ..157H Adventure ......... 6%
Boston Sc Albany.. 249% Allouez Mng Co... 2%
Boston &J Maine... ISo'iJAmal Copper 96 *
Chi Bur.'&'Q.......lSC>t > | Atlantic- 27%
Dominion Coal 40% I Boston & Mont 329
Do prefd.. ...... ..I12%!Butte & Boston, ex»
Federal Stter ...... 49»»j dlv - v::. ...... 88
Do" prefd.....—.. 76% Calumet & Hecla..85O
Fitch burg, prrd. ex ' - Centennial 17Vi
dlv ...187% 'Franklin ...... .15
General E4ec ......116% Humboldt .25
Do prefd. ...... ...MS Osceola ....;... 74
E4,Elec HI.. .......216 Parrot .....;........ 49%
Mexican Cent ...:.!1S% Quincy ...... :..169
Mich Tele '85 Santa Fe Copper... 7
N E Gas & Coke.. 13% Tamarack .290-
Old "Colony 202- Utah- Mining ...... 34%
Old Dominion ..... 81 Wlnona ..;..." 3%
Rubber .......;..... 10 Wolverines .-..'...; 46.
Chollar :."..; ; OS Qphlr 75
Crown Polnti 10 Plymouth 08
Con Cul & Va 125 Quicksilver ......... 1>25
MINING STOCKS
I 100 Delaware & Hudson 115
100 Delaware. Lack & Western 182
4.200 Denver & Rio Grande 25%
6,600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 78%
1,000 Erie ~. 14
1,300 Erie 1« prefd 40%
100 Great Northern prefd 181%
....... Hocking Coal 15
2,«00 Hex-king Valley 40
200 Illinois CentwU 124%
300 Iowa Central' 20
1,000 low* Central prefd 46
. 100 Lake Erie & Western 35%
....... Lake Erie & Western pr*fd 106
....'... Lake .Shore 210V»
11.800 Louisville &r Nashville 84%
17,400 Manhattan Elevated 109V;
5,300 Metroplltan Street Railway 171%
600 Mexican Central 13
300 Minneapolis & St Louis........ 64%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd...... 99%
B,€(W Missouri raclflo 60%
400 Mobile & Ohio 39%
400 Missouri. Kansas A Texas 13%
$.200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prtfd.... 3Sti
600 New Jersey Central t 149%
10,500 New York Central /..... ...142%
8.100 Norfolk & Western 42%
• 100 Norfolk & Western prefd 80%
16,500 Northern Pacific 71%
7.100 Northern Pacific prefd S3%
1,500 Ontario & Western 25%
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry * Navigation prefd .. 76
6,000 Pennsylvania' U2*i
LK>0 Reading I9tt
6.600 Reading let prpM 63
tOOO Reading 2d prefd 30%
Rio Grande 72
Rio Grande -Western prefd 94%
2,300 St Louis & San Francisco 19%
100 St Louis & Sin Fran 1st prefd T5
t.800 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 46
2.500 St Louis, Southwestern 15%
8.400 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 37
3,300 6t Paul 128%
100 St Paul prefd l"5%
St Paul & Omaha. 1»
75.100 Southern Pacific 43%
43.400 Southern Railway 17%
10.700 Southern Railway prefd... 6«H
2.209 Tncas & Pacific 1«*%
35.100 Union Paciflc "3 1 *
,4.400 Union Paciflc prefd ?2%
.800 Wabash *%
1,600 Wahash prefd ( 21%
600 Wheeling & 1.. EJ ? 30*i
300 Wheeling & L E 2d rrefd..J :.. 2S%
200 Wisconsin Central 4 10%
S.500 Third Avenuf 11414.
700 Baltimore & Ohio pr*fd f*\
1,675 National Tube 61%
600 National Tube prefd 103%
; Express Companies—
. Adams 135
American, ex div 160
United* States 49
Well-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
.600 American Cotton Oil 31
American Cotton Oil prefd ?0
....*... American Malting ...:.. fo
500 American Malting prefd 24%
13.500 Amer Smelting & Refining .53V*
2.000 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd... 97%
'.....*.. American Spirits 1%
....... American Spirits prefd 1"
1.900 American Su*>l Hoop .....28%
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 76%
17.200 American Steel & Wire.... *3%
S00 American Steel & Wire prefd...... SG%
1.000 American Tin Plate «%
800 American Tin Plate prefd...... 87%
B1.900 American Tobacco- lC6Vi
2,2tx> American Tbbaceo prefd ....130
15.800 Anaconda Mining Co i 49*4
3,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73
9,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 52V!
1,309 Continental • Tobacco ...35%
12,000 Continental TobaccoNprefd 92%
1,600 Federal Steel ...'. 49%
3C0 Federal Steel prefd 76H
1,400 General Electric 167%
OlucoM Sugar 63
400 Glucose Sugar prefd ......101
L400 International Paper 22%
International • Paper prefd 73%
....... Laclede Gas 72
2,100 National Biscuit .<. 37%
100 National Biscuit preffl 91
National Lead 19%
....... National Lead prefd 93
900 National Steel 3G*i
ICO National Steel prefd 91V4
LSOO New York Air Brake 168
1,500 North American 13
Paciflc Coast 58
"... Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88
;;. Pacific Coast 2nd perfd 67
2,200 Paciflc Mall 40*i
21,800 People's Gae 101%
7C0 PrtMed Steel Car 52
Pressed Steel Car prefd 88
Pullman Palace Car 198%
fe Standard Rbpe & Twine 5
11.100 Sugar 122%
....... Sugar prefd 116
3,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron....; 72Vi
8.S00 United States Leather 13*4
- S<X> United States Leather prefd 75
2,«J0 United States Rubber 30Vi
2.SWO United States- Rubber prefd ;.. 87%
600 Western Union 83
2C0 Republic Iron & Steel.... 1644
1,000 Itemiblic Iron & Steel prefd &»»
....... V C C & St- Louis 66%
9.0CO Amalgamated' Copper :. 95v»
662,700 Shares sold. . '
CLOSING . BONDS. -
U- S ref. 2s reg, . N T Cent lsts..,...109%
- Mini ...: 104% N J Cent gen 5s.. ..115
Do coupon 105 N Paciflc 3s. 70%
I' S 3s reg...... 110 N Paciflc 4s 104%
U 8 3s coup... 1M% N Y C & 8t L 4s.l07>
U S;new 4s reg....l«%|N & W. con 4s.... 99%
U 8 new 4s coup.. 18!% Or Nav lsts. 109
U 6 -old 4s reg. 118 Or Nav 4s ......104%
U S. old 4s coup... 116" Or S Line 6b 127% '
ITSis re*.-. ...113 I Or S Line con 6b. 116
U8$ii coup 113Vi Reading Gen 4s.... 90%
DUUof Col 8.65s. .124% ROW lsts......... 99%
Atchlscn gen 4s. ...102% St L & I M con 5s.ll3%
Atchinon ad) 4s.... 90 St L & S F gen 6s.l23
Canada So Jds......lO8 St Paul cons 174 '
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 101% St P C & P lsts.. .119% '
Che«.& Ohio 5s 118 St P C & P 5s 119% i
C & NW.con 7s...l2» So Pacific 4s ..85
C & NWfiFdeb 5s.ll?%,So Railway 6s 112%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 92 Stand R & T 6s.... 70
Colo Southern 4s... 84 Tex & Pac lsts.. ..117
«*> & R G 4s 100»i Tex & Pac 2ds 82
E^-le- General 4s.-.. 75M. Union Pacific 4s..lC6%
F W & D C lets... 77 Wabaeh lsts 116%
General Elec 6s... .14J Wabash 2ds 104%
Iowa Central- lste.116 West Shore 4s 114
L & N Uni.4s 100% WU Cent lsts...... 85
M K- & T 2ds 72%- Vs. Centuries. ...... 91%
M 1C &. T 4s.-. 9«T#
Artlcles-r Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......;..:. 31,000 24,000
Wheat, bushels : 97,000 . "394.000
Corn, bushels ...226,000 753,000
Oats, bushels ...:......... .....129,000 132,000
Rye, -bushels -'." ? ;.. 2.C00 ' 3.000
Barley, bushels 62.000 14.000
WA BHINGTON, Nov. 80.— To-day' s \ statement
of tb« Treasury balances in the General Fund,
exclusive of the JISO.OCO.OOO gold reserve in the
redemption, shews: Available cash balance,
$183,303,797; gold reserve. S03.017.378.,
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW" TORK," Nov. 30.— Close: \ Money .on
call, steady at S%®'4% per cent; last loan. S 1^
per cent. Prime mercantile: paper, 4%@5 per
cent. Sterling • exchange, firm, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 85%®4 85% for
demand, and at*4 81»4@4 Sl% for. sixty days;
posted rates, i $4 82H'3'4 86%; : commercial . bills.
$4 80?i@4 81Vi. Bar silver. 64Hc Sliver certi
ficates, 64SP5C. Mexican dollars, 50c. Govern
ment bonds. Irregular; State, Inactive; rail
road bonds, strong.
New York Money Market.
Holiday retail trade starts off *well. : ¦ This
\>eek has been characterized , by many advances
in prices, but the most significant is the small
rise in boots and shoes, which of all the great
industries has been slowest to conform to the
minimum, improvement. ' Large for
goods for current consumption is tha report
from nearly all directions. The dry goods
trade, recovering after, recent liquidation, shows
business expanding, but irregularly and slowly.
Cotton goods show the best results, fine brown
sheetings -advancing from "6c to 6. 20c, bleached
Dhlrtinga from 7.41c to 7.62c and brown sheeting
from 5c to 5.12c. There is little curtailment of
oi'tput of cotton 'goods, \ but some ' mills which
usually run on export trade are diverting ma
chinery to lightweights for home use.
Kailroad earnings for November to date show
1 per cent gain' over 1899 and 11.1 per cent^iver
189S. Good news continues to come from iron
and Bteel sections. Sales of plglron in three
•weeks have aggregated 200,000 tons at Chicago
and idle furnaces are going into blast, indicat
ing a much larger capacity than on November
1. Buying of all finished forms increases and
B«me orders are placed at slightly higher quo
tations. Railroads are purchasing most liber
ally, and machinery is in special demand. As
yet the advance in . cotton goods is not at all
in proportion to the'gain In raw material. The
¦wool market is recovering from the shock of
heavy failures and sales at three chief Eastern
markets increased about 500.000 pounds for the
week, but prices ate somewhat easier, particu-^
larly for I the cheaper grades. - Abundant esti
mates that the cotton yield will not reach
10,000,000 bales failed to affect prices, for
traders are beginning to .appreciate . the fact
that a decrease in consumption is an unavoid
able concomitant of unusually high quotations.
Wheat is further from a dollar than at any
time since that price was predicted by a high
authority and the usual rumors of damage
from Jointing before -frost fall as fiat as they
have done in previous years. An ample corn
crop did not prevent a clever manipulator from
securing control of the available stocks at Chi
cago and forcing the price up to 51c for the
current month's delivery. Heavy receipts of
cattle at Chicago depress the price and the
average in this market for live beef fell to
$4 70. against $5 09 a year ago.
Commercial failures in November were 850 in
number and $12,300,316 in amount of liabilities,
against 782 in October for $9,072,791 and S86 in
November last year, when liabilities were only
$8,046,848. Manufacturing defaults were but 132
In number and <3,8S3,165 in amount, the bulk
of the mortality in trading concerns,
of which 617 failed for $7,506,858. There were
40 other commercial failures, with liabilities of
$ai0. 793. Four banking and financial companies
defaulted for $823,000. At first glance the No-^
vember statement appears very unsatisfactory,
but it must be remembered that a few heavy
failures 4n wool and other textile , industries
a ccount for a large share of the reported lia
bilities. Aside from this one branch of trade,
which has naturally- suffered heavily from the
tardy approach - of winter, the ..figures show
business to be on a good foundation.
NEW YORK,' Nov. 30.— R, , G. Dun.A Co.*l
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
NEW TORK, Nov. W.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
November 29, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Bank Clearings.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 68ig^8%c:
No. 2 red. 70%@72%c: No. 2 com. 35@37c; No. 8
yellow. 35%<@37c; No. 2 oats, 22%c; No.- 2 white,
26%@27c; No. 3 white, 25@26%c; fair to choice
malting barley, 55@56c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 62@
162%; No. X Northwestern, $163; prime timothy
seed, 14 30@4 40 ; mess pork, per bbl, $11 12%@
11 25; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 90@6 95: short-rib
sides (loose), $6 62%®7 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), -5T4@6%c; short clear sides, (boxed),
fG 65@6 70; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27;
sugars, ' cut loaf, unchanged; clover, contract
grade, $10.'
Dun's Review, of; Trade.
Corn, ctls 9S0iSugar, ctla 8.000
Potatoes, sks.... «.<B»5;Qulcks«v«r. flksu 7S>
Onions, ska .... 133 1 Leather, rolls .. 17S
Bran, sks ...... 1,965'Brandy, gals ..."1.300
Middlings, sks... 300 'Tallow, ctls ..... 611
Hay, tons 901' Lime, bbla 54s
Straw, tons UiPelts. bdls ..'.... K0
Hops, bales 8 Hides. No. 238
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 6,400 Potatoes, ska.... 5.0*1
Oats, ctls 120 Bran, sks S.S49
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7.573 Flax3#ed. sks .. S3)
Bran, ska 3.400
The Giant Powder Co. has declared Dlvlden4
14 of 73 cents a share.
FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER JO.
Flour, qr sks 8, 335 1 Wool, balsa .... tN
Wheat. eUs .... «4. hi-' Erss. Ota ...... Xtjita
Barley, ctls .... 4.725 \ Butter, ctls ..... S8S
Oats, ctls 205tChees«, ctla .«'.. 231
Beans, sks «.R7 Wine, gala 87,450
Grain Bags. June and July, «% c; 0ol Bags.
2S%®33%c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Kara.
6%©6%s for white and »%©S%e for bl««ched
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Sonthfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, |3; Co-operaUv« Walls
end, $3; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and |13'23
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. tU:
Cannel. $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $1S In sacks; Rock7 Mountain descriptions,
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "Curls* th» weak
there hav« been the following co*l deliver'.;*:
from British Columbia. 8650 tons; Washington,
12,843 tons; Oregon. 1140 tons; Australia. 2300
tens; England. 2443 tons; total. S7.JS0 tons.
This Is somewhat less than w« hava actsally
consumed, but as we have a moderate amount
In the yards we ara moving along very
smoothly In the fuel line. Prices remain
steady, and It Is believed there win be no
further change this winter. Considering th«
power vested in so few hands, the public may
well feel gratified that the coel values hava not
been materially advanced; such generosity 1»
peculiarly exceptional during the present ab
sorptive age. AH th«- foreign coal which caa
possibly arrive here in the next srx months
will not ' foot up over 100,000 tons, less than
twenty-five- days' actual consumption; ttr« Is
evidence enough that our fual market !» undsr
the absolute control of the coast eolMeriea. W»
have now only three vessels en rout* with
Welsh coal, about 7C00 tons, whereas at this
time last year there were flfte«a ship* with
42,000 tons. Besides, the outlook indicates that
the British product cannot b« shipped wltl»
the present asking f. o. b. prices there: fur
thermore, early legislation Is anticipated re
stricting the export of all English fuel. Lars*
consumers locally are feeling assured that all
their future power producing fuel will coet
them less one year hence than at any forme*
time, as oil and coal will then com* into 41
rect competition-."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c: Powdered. 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c: Dry -Granulated. 5.65c: Confec
tlon-rs' A. 5.63c; Magnolia A. 5.25c: Extra C.
6.15c: Golden C. 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c mow; boxes. SOc more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for lees than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domino*, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San QuenUn Bags, $3 « : Calcutta
General Merchandise.
There Is no further change- In anything, but
the market Is firm as a rule.
BEEF— 7®Sc for Steers and 6©«%c p«r lb for
CCW.S.
- VEAL— Large, 8©8%c; small, 9c per It
MUTTON^-Wethers. 8«3%c; Ewes? 7%a3o Mr*
pound.
LAMB— «®9c per lb.
PORK— Llv* Hogs, &%e for small and 5Ho for
medium and 5%©«*c for large rVtork H««i «S5
feeders. 5©5%=, dressed Hogs. 7^4©8%e.
San Francisco Meat Market.
g0^r' t 7^ 1 * 1 ? 0 ana «nooth, 50c; medium. 33c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per ID; No.
Z. 3%c; grease, 2®2%c.
Spring Clip la quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 13316c; Northern, defective. 12
@14c; Middle County, free. 14® 16c: Mlddla
County, defective. I2^i4c; Southern Mountain.
12 months |. 9fl0c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months . Jl@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 *J?2 nth ,J' 9 f Uc : Humboldt and Mendodno.
16®17c; Nevada. 13@i6c per lb
*>F &1 \.?} l jr~% !ln Joaquin. 6%®8c: do lambs". S
P c: M ii d « e Co " nt >'> 9 ®Wc; Northern Mountain.
free. 10011c; Southern Mountain. 7%O8%c;
Hnmboldt and Mendoclno. 12®13c^ir n> °* w * > * c '
HOPS— 11%®15c per lb/ x " < *" c *** "*"
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET. ¦
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley continue quiet.
Oats firm, Corn weak, Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s steady and unchanged.
Beans continue firm and in fair demand. j
Onions still advancing. Potatoes and Vegetables unclvanged.
Xothing new in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry dull after. Tlianks giving, and Turkeys and Game fozver.
Oranges and Grapes quiet and weak. Chestnuts firmer.
Provisions weaker at Chicago, but steady here.
Xo further change in the Meat market.
Xovember bank clearings fall behind 1899.
Heavy local Mint coinage in November.
Nov. 30.-Atchlson. 41%: Canadian
Paciflc. 8S?4; Union Pacific preferred, - 84% ;
Northern Pacific preferred. 85%; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda, 10%; Bar Silver, 29 ll-16d per
ounce; Alon-y, 3% per cent. •
CLOSING.
vllJe on a rumor that It Is coins on a 6 per
cent basis, and Chesapeake and Ohio on ru
mors about a dividend. Conservatives shrug
their shoulders at both rumors , and say " that
the boom is over.. They think a reaction Is
probable, but admit that they see no signs
of an impending fall. • The exchequer bonds
tender^ to-day was said .to have been placed
at a BhaCe under 98, which was regarded as a
disappointment
End of the month requirements were 1 over
provided for. The bank is etlll doing a • good
business In discounts, but the market no longer
needs to borrow. 1 ..
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. «- -
November'.......... 70 f 70% 69% 69%
December........... 70 : 70H «9% 69%
January .„< M 70% 7114 70% 70%
. Corn No. 8— -
November.. .'„. 88 38 35tf 35%
December 85% ,35% 33
Way.?;;.;-?.., ........ 36% 36% 55% : 86
7 Oats No. 2—
November .......... 21',* 21% 8m 21%
December .......... 21% 21% 21% 21H
May .; -23% 24 23% 23%
Mess Pork. 'n«r bbl-^
Xovember ...'.........«. ..... 1123
January ............1195 12 05 1190 1190
May 11 80 11 97% 11 85 1185
¦ • Lard. Der.100 lbs— ¦ ¦---¦ • . ¦ * >Mnt
November .......... 6 93% 6 95 6 90 6 95
December .......... 6 90 6 97% 6 90 6 95
January .7.. ....6 77% 6 82% 6 75 6 77V4
May ................. 6 85 6 90 . 6 82% 6 82%
"Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
November . ... ...... .... 763%
January ............ 6 20 .6 27% V 6 20 6 22%
May ................ 6 27% 6 30 8 27% 6 22%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ber closed ' %o lower at 35tfa Th» ¦' excellent
weather and the November weakness wer« ln
flu«ntial • in' depressing December. - '-
* Oats were • quiet and declined ; In sympathy
.with 'wheat. and corn. .-December closed
down > at : 2l%S2l%c.
,' Provisions were quiet and Irregular. Th»
market "opened 'easy on commission house.sell
ing.- On , local buying the market rallied, but
declined . later In sympathy ¦ with grain and
closed easy.;, i •
¦ January pork closed 17%o under Wednesday,
lard and ribs 2Vit?5c down. * •
-^The i leading futures ranged as follow* :
'Canadian failures for the week number 2S.
as asrainst 31 last week. 25 a year. ago and 37
in 1838. • ¦';..;-
.Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2,497,880 bushels, against 3.827,
28§ 'last week,-- 3.699,400 in the corresponding
week of 18SS and 7,483,959 in 1898. '
Failures for, the, week number 1S4, as against
215'last week, 177 in this week a year ago and
212 inlSSS. - ¦"- . ' .-'•¦'¦¦
The feature in the grain markets this week
was the carrying to a successful conclusion of
the November corner in corn In Chicago. Fol
lowing the private settlement of the shorts at
a basis of 60c a bushel came a drop to 41c. At
K ew York the influence- of this corner— one of
the successful ; corners on - record — was to ad
vance prices slightly. Wheat has been irregu-'
lar, but with ; the undertone bearish because. of
large Bupplies/ and discouraged speculative
liquidation. • : : /
Relatively . the best trade reports come from
the South and ¦ Southwest, ' while the most
backward are from sections of the East. where
unseasonable weather is complained of and
from sections of the spring wheat region which
suSered most • from the shortage • in* yield. ¦ It
Is notable, however, that " the better situation
In lumber has > stimulated trade In Northern
Minnesota, .*.:¦•.-.,
December 1. Tin plate* '» are reported selling
well. Export trade In Iron ; and . steel la less
active, owing to lower prices abroad and active
demand at home, " but « American - railmakers
this week have received flattering Indorsements
in i the matter of ; prices, , quality and ? delivery
from English ; railway authorities." . Among tex
tiles ¦ the situation , in " woolen ¦' goods : and . wool
is ' perhaps the least - encouraging . of any, i but
even hero the strength of the raw material is
notable. ¦-.—* ¦¦-. ,.¦-..-- ¦ ... ; . i ¦ ¦¦/ -.
HIDES AND SKINS^Culls and brands sell
about lc under Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8^®9c; Cow
hides, r SHtfSe; •, Stags, h 6Hc; Salted* Kip »u c -
Salted Veal. 9V4c: Salted Calf. «te; Dry *HIdM
16c; cuUs. 44cut)ry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf.-l^Kc'
culls and brands,: 14c; Sheepskins, shearling*
»eaOc each; short Wool. 50®5Dc each; medium
bO®8oc : long Wool. 73c® $1 each ; Horse Hides!
salt.>$2 5«i£«>r large and $2 for medium. |l »
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Htdea dry
n '2 5 42"ri!* i y e> ** 1 , B0 tor raeAl-am. « 25 for small
and 25®50c for colts. : Deerskins— Bummer or red
8kins,-S5c: fall or medium skins, SOc: winter or
thin eklna. ¦ 17i4e2Oc. Goatskins — Prime • An-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8«e- three
half-barrels. 8tfc : one tierce. 8Hc; two"tlercM:
8c; five tierces, 7T4c per lb. "ercea.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6»ic per lb for com
pound and 9Vic , for pure; half-barrels, > cure
9Hc: 10 lb tins. lCc; 5-lb : tins. lOHe.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. He per lb v for
heavy. 11V4612C for light medium, 12Hc tor
light, - 13%c for extra light and 15® 15Kc for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. UV,c-
Mess ' Beef.' - $12 50 -' per barrel: extra Mess J'3-
FamDy. ' ?14; extra • Prime . Pork, J16- extra
clear, *19 50; Mess. $17: Smoked Beef. 13o per
pound. ; . ... % . . * ,
¦ The Chicago market Is lower and weak, but
this market shows no change.
Provisions.
- HONEY— Comb. 13%®14>4e for bright and 12Vi
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted
7 s X®Sc; light amber, extracted, 6H®7c; dark,
ei^Hc per lb. » , .
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Italian Chestnuts are hel4 higher, as stocks
on the spot are light.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, Sc;
40-506 7c; 5C-60s, 5Uc; €0-70s. 3%c; 70-80s. 3%o;
8O-90a, 2%c: 90-100s, 2»4c; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles,"*4 c premium; Bonomas, Me and San Joa
ouin's Uc less than Santa Claras, excep't 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6®
8c for Royals and 10@10%e for Moorparka;
Evaporated Apples. 5©«c: sun-dried. 3%@4V4c;
Peaches, 4®5c for standard, 6©6c for choice
and 6%@7c for fancy: Peart. 2®7c; Plums.
d tted 5@6',4c: unpltted, 1©1Hc; Nectarines, 5©
sue for red and 6HS6c for white.
¦RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has " established the following; prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
pertlb; choice, lie; standard. S^c; 1 prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9o per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. Wic per lb: choice. 9%c; standard. 8%c;
prime 8c i unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless
60- lb boxes. 6%c: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c ;
S-crown, 6%c:-4-crown v 7c; London Layers. J
crown. $160 -per bpx; 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters. ?2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $1 All
prices- f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 637c per lb for California
and 12c for Italian; ¦Walnuts. No. 1 . soft
shell. lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No 2
7%c; Almonds. 12@13c for papershell, 9@llc for
Eoftshell; Peanuts, &36c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts 13c: Filberts, 13c:. Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoa
nuts. 13 5065. -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— s
APPLES— 3O@6Oc per box for common and
6oc®$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs. 75c©
$1 25* Oregon Spltzenbergs, tlQl 25.
PEARS- 75e«$l 60 «>*T box.
PERSIMMONS— 50(& *c per box.
CR\NBERRIES — Jerseys. $l*f 10 50; Cape
Ccd,"$H 50612 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 60<82 75
"sTRAWBEKRIES-Xomlnal.
RASPBERRIES— $5@G per chest.
GRAPES — »0c@|l per box and 4Oc!ff51 per
Cr ciTRU3 FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 5003 75;
Seedlings. *101 "5; Tangerines, $1 25@1 50:
Lemons 2Sc©» 25 for common and II 50<g2 75
for cood to choice; Grape Fruit. *1 SO®2 50:
Mexican Limes, »4®4 50; California Limes. 25@
35c; Bananas. $1 75®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$2@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Grapes are dragging, now that Thanksgiving
Is over. Persimmons are plentiful and weak.
There is nothing new in Apples and Pears.
Many of the Bananas that recently arrived
from the Pacific Islands are In bad condition
and have to be sold low. -*
Oranges are easy and some dealers are craot
lnj? a decline. Lemons and Limes stand the
same.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage goods — 21@22c.
CHEESB-New, li«4@12c; Old. VyQVLc: Toning
America, li@12^4c; Eastern. 13Vi©He; Western,
11013c per lb.
EGGS— Store, 27t4@32%c; Ranch. 35©3Sc for
fair and 37%®43c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern. 22H©S0c. '.
Prices for Butter, Eggs and Cheese remained
as before. Stocks of Butter were small, whils
those of Eggs showed some increase. ¦
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21Q25c; seconds.
23@23^c. • :-,•; - - - I..
¦¦- Dairy — Fancy, 21922c: good to choice,- l»SI0c;
common, 17%@lS%c. ¦ - '.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c. - •
Firkin— IS® 19c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry were put on.
making four for the week, and sales were
made at H@5 50*for Ducks. J2 for Geese, 14 60
for Hens and old Roosters, 15 50 for young
Roosters, %\ for Fryers. $2 50«?3 50 for Broilers,
$1 for Pigeons and Jl 75 for Squabs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll-@12He for Gob
blers and U@12%c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
?«?15c: Geese, per pair. Jl 75@2; Goslings, $1 75
®2; Ducks. $3@4 for old and $41}5 for young;
Hens, 13 60*24: Young Roosters. S4®4 50; Old
Roosters, $3 50^4; Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers,
%i 50*i 4 for large and $393 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 per dozen for old and $1 5031 75 for Squabs.
GAME-T-Quall. $1 25 for Valley, and for
Mountain: Mallard. $2 E0@3; Canvasback, J3©
6; Sprig. $2©2 50; Teal, $1 50®2; Widgeon, *1 23
@l 50: Small Duck, Jl; Gray Geese. $3: -White
Geese, $1@1 50; Brant. II 50 for small and $2
for large; Honkers, $1S5: English Snipe, $1 25;
Jack Snipe, $1; Hare. 75c; Rabbits, $1 25 for
Cottontail and Jl for Brush; Doves. 60®«5c per
dozen.
There were no arrivals of dressed Turkeys
yesterday, but . there was plenty of stock left
over from Thanksgiving on the market and It
was a hard matter to dispose of it. even at
the reduced quotations. Live Turkeys were
neglected in sympathy, and other kinds of
Poultry were dull .and nominal.
Game was neglected, and as receipts were
large, amounting to about 150 sks. prices de
clined all around.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— *1 40®l 75 per ctl: cut. $1 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 23*3 per lb;
String Beans, 3@8c: Limas, 2®6c per lb:»Cab
bage, 90c; Tomatoes. 25c@W 25; Egg Plant. Los
Angeles, S@10c per lb; Green Peppers. 35@50c
per box; Dried Peppers. 9@llo: Carrots. 2S#35c
per box; Cucumbers, 5<*Q75c; Summer Squash.
75c@U 25: Garlic 4#6e per lb; Marrowfat
Squash. $10@12 per ton.
Another advance In Onions Is noted. They
are very firm. Potatoes remain abont tha
same, choice lots selling well^ and common
grades dragging. Peas and Beans from Los
Angeles continue to arrive in bad condition.
POTATOES— River Reds. 75'3S3c: Burbanks,
S5®5Oc for River and 90c@Jl 17*4 per ctl for Sa
linas and 75c@fl 10 for Oregon: Sweets, 40@60o
for River and 85(g90c for Merced.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 <w@2 75; Small White, $4$
4 i0; Large White. *3@3 25; Pink, »2®2 20; Red,
I3©3 25; Blackeye. $3@3 25; Limas, $5 25; Pea,
y,@i 25; Red Kidney. $3 75®4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brtfwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25@2 40; Canary,
S^c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H@9Hc; Rape, 2H@3c; Hemp, 4«ittc;
Timothy, 4©4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2®l 50: Green, *2 25©
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 £0.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ There Is nothing new In Beans, the market
being steady with a fair demand..
Beans and 'Seeds.
MIDDLINGS-J16 50@19 50 p«r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $la oO01« 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2S: job
bing. J26 50; Cocoanut Cake. W@1S: Corn Meal.
$26 g 27 ;_ Cracked Corn. ?26 5O@27 50r Mixed Feed.
J1 HAY°- Volunteer. $5#S: Wheat. $U® 13 50:
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 50; Oat. $3»».^:
Clover. $5@7: Alfalfa. JS@10; Barley. $7S9
per ton. ¦ ¦<
STRAW— S5@45c per bale.
Although receipts of hay were liberal the
market continued steady with a fair demand.
Bran and Middlings were unchanged.
BRAN— $14@15 60 per ton.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. *3 60©
3 75 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 4<Xg3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 7S?3 10 per barrel
for famfly and J3 15«3 50 for bakers': Eastern,
$4 75S5 73 per barrel. • ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are *«'««:
lows, usual discount to the trade: grahara
Flour. *3 per 100 lbs: Rye Klour. **J*'***
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. |7; Corn Meal. « 7».
extra cream <3o. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 oO: Hom
iny. $3 £003 75; Buckwheat Flour. Jf<».
Cracked Wheat. *3 50: Farina. J4 50; bole
Wheat Flour. $3 ZS; Kolled Oats (barrels) |G®
7 25; in sacks. 15 75® 7; Pearl Barley. *3; Split
Peas, |5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 "»•
Flour, and Millstuffs.
not strictly fine. - ! California Yellow. *1 1S®1 ».
California White. $120: Eastern Yellow. f |l 20.
White, fl 20: Eastern mixed. »1 20 per ctl.
iuSEwfl^^-Quoted at » 75®2 p«r ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER % 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Local markets.
Continued on Pag« Thirteen
— ,
The market vai quiet on the morning ses
sion of the 'Bond Exchange and Quotations
showed no Important changes.
TheNnarket continued dull and unchanged
ln Bi«ta*£s t on n< tt> ! e OU Exchange wa» Urwtr, as
a
10
CITIES.
¦I Clearings.
z — Percent— x
Inc. I Dec
New Tork $1,203,927,710 12.1 .....
Boston . U8.001.051 '14.0
Chicago 113,325,583 8.1 .....
•Philadelphia 80.440.995 5.7
St. Louis .......... .£ 29,748,629 14.9 .....
Plttsburgr 80,429.364 27.1
Baltimore 18,226.367 7.0 ....'.
San Francisco 17,066,468 ..... 0.6
Cincinnati- 12.703.456- 2.3 .....
Kansas City 14,896.978 34.4 .....
New Orleans 14,525,014 41.2 .....
Minneapolis 10,434,670 ..... 11.2
Detroit 6,947,645 7.8 .....
Cleveland 8,283,201 2.0 .....
Louisville 6,633.539 2.8 .....
Providence 6,644.100 5.8 ...X.
Milwauke* ..i. 6.137,285 3.6 .....
St. Paul 4,596.558 22.0 ......
Omaha 5,633,503 17.4
Indianapolis ¦. .5.963,202 20.1 .....
Columbus, O. -4/D69.200 ..... 16.0
Savannah ............ 5.661.3S4 59.0
Denver .. 3,884,679 15.3 .....
Hartford 1,460,156 17.6
Richmond ............ 3.156.S10 9.0 ".....
Memphis 40.9
"Washington 1,989,663 8.2
Peorla 1,937.160 29.1 .....
Rochester 1.797.C53 23.4 .....
New Haven 1.189,049 ...... 20.7
Worcester 1,156.852 6.7
Atlanta 2.054.0S3 85.3
Salt Lake City 2.827,943 2.9
Springfield, Mass ... 1,113,548
Fort Worth l,84S,(Wil 7.2 .....
Portland. Me 944,653 5.1
Fortland. Or. 2,021,243 24.5 .....
St. Joseph 3,084,025 23.9 .....
Los Angeles 2,179,372 12.4
Norfolk ...... ¦ 1,144,622 2.6 .....
Syracuse 816,843 2.2 .....
Des Moines 1.159.2S5 7.4 ......
Nashville 1.127,542 4.4
Wilmington, Del.... ' 673,505 15.6
Fall River 823.537 20.1
Scranton 746,163 ..... 24.1
Grand Kapld*. ....... 920,134 6.1
Aujrusta. Ga. 1,493.856 144.9 ..'...
Lowell ."... 561. S58 : .....
Dayton, O. 997.320 6.G
Seattle 1,809.117 -7.6
Tacoma 1,213,575 27.8
Spokane ' *912,408 17.9
Sioux City 1,211,306 37.3
New Bedford 3S5.571 18.8
Knoxville, Teun 431.r,78 .*.... 10.0
Topeka 89O.34S 75.2
Birmingham S69.CS5 . 10.1 .....
Wichita ' 503.047 6.8 .....
Binghamton .. 41S.400 ..... :....
Lexington, Ky. ..... 353,669 2.0 .....
Jacksonville, Fla.... 251,806 80.0
Kalamazoo .. 340.1S2 6.1
Akron 422.000 3.6
Chattanooga 217,350 9.6 •¦
Rockford. Ill 332.211 22.8 1
Canton, 0 220.000 23.5
Springfield. 0 326.8S2 7.8
Farco, N*. D 423,092 ..... .....
Eloux Falls, S. D - 156.496 21.8 ..:..
Hastings, Nebr 176,467 18.9 .....
Fremont. Nebr • 133.465 70.5 ..... .
Davenport 654,232 /...
Toledo k 1.702,943
Galveston ........... 7.542.000' 29.9
Houston 11.0S8.028 J2.9
Colorado Springs 73S.723
Helena 514,338 15.5
Little Rock 638.569 87.?
Evansville 852.S54 6.0
Springfield. Ill 361.329 8.4 .....
Macon C07.OO0 8.4
Younsstown, O...... 260,503 6.1
Total. U. 8 $1,782,744,033 24.0
Totals outside of ¦
New Yoric S78.814.323 9:8
CITIES. I Clearings. Inc. Deo.
I Clearings.
, — Percent—
Inc. I Deo.
Montreal $13,875,504 7.0
Toronto .-9.953.606 6.0
Winnipeg J... 2.803.272 ..„. 14.T
Halifax 1,513.132 l.j .....
Hamilton 768.710 1.9
St. John. N. B 6SS.433 20.2
"Victoria 607.136 12.4 .
Vancouver 837.642 19.5
Totals S30.9S2.43S ..... 2.4
Re
>Stt
rr
[at
5a
Is
ur
ed
10!
¦>n
rti
m
re
»
1
if
1
:
1
eka
B
fr.i
Fi
ran
Dl
rATP
ilu'ffl
nento
'raac!
via <
to:
0
¦'.51
tee
Oh
in
.....
blcpo..
s
I Laet This I Last
.24 Hours Season. 1 Season.
...]. .M . 14.93 1 20.J8
.10 6.69 7.12
€.66 7.10
5. S3 7.71
4.9S 3.62
2.14 1.22
.... 8.66 5.36
«.7S J.50
1.79 1.28
Re
>Stt
rr
[at
5a
Is
ur
ed
10!
¦>n
rti
m
re
»
1
if
1
:
1
eka
B
fr.i
Fi
ran
Dl
rATP
ilu'ffl
nento
'raac!
via <
to:
0
¦'.51
tee
Oh
in
.....
blcpo..
s
I Laet This I Last
.24 Hours Season. 1 Season.
...]. .M . 14.93 1 20.J8
.10 6.69 7.12
€.66 7.10
5. S3 7.71
4.9S 3.62
2.14 1.22
.... 8.66 5.36
«.7S J.50
1.79 1.28
CITIES.
¦I Clearings.
z — Percent— x
Inc. I Dec
New Tork $1,203,927,710 12.1 .....
Boston . U8.001.051 '14.0
Chicago 113,325,583 8.1 .....
•Philadelphia 80.440.995 5.7
St. Louis .......... .£ 29,748,629 14.9 .....
Plttsburgr 80,429.364 27.1
Baltimore 18,226.367 7.0 ....'.
San Francisco 17,066,468 ..... 0.6
Cincinnati- 12.703.456- 2.3 .....
Kansas City 14,896.978 34.4 .....
New Orleans 14,525,014 41.2 .....
Minneapolis 10,434,670 ..... 11.2
Detroit 6,947,645 7.8 .....
Cleveland 8,283,201 2.0 .....
Louisville 6,633.539 2.8 .....
Providence 6,644.100 5.8 ...X.
Milwauke* ..i. 6.137,285 3.6 .....
St. Paul 4,596.558 22.0 ......
Omaha 5,633,503 17.4
Indianapolis ¦. .5.963,202 20.1 .....
Columbus, O. -4/D69.200 ..... 16.0
Savannah ............ 5.661.3S4 59.0
Denver .. 3,884,679 15.3 .....
Hartford 1,460,156 17.6
Richmond ............ 3.156.S10 9.0 ".....
Memphis 40.9
"Washington 1,989,663 8.2
Peorla 1,937.160 29.1 .....
Rochester 1.797.C53 23.4 .....
New Haven 1.189,049 ...... 20.7
Worcester 1,156.852 6.7
Atlanta 2.054.0S3 85.3
Salt Lake City 2.827,943 2.9
Springfield, Mass ... 1,113,548
Fort Worth l,84S,(Wil 7.2 .....
Portland. Me 944,653 5.1
Fortland. Or. 2,021,243 24.5 .....
St. Joseph 3,084,025 23.9 .....
Los Angeles 2,179,372 12.4
Norfolk ...... ¦ 1,144,622 2.6 .....
Syracuse 816,843 2.2 .....
Des Moines 1.159.2S5 7.4 ......
Nashville 1.127,542 4.4
Wilmington, Del.... ' 673,505 15.6
Fall River 823.537 20.1
Scranton 746,163 ..... 24.1
Grand Kapld*. ....... 920,134 6.1
Aujrusta. Ga. 1,493.856 144.9 ..'...
Lowell ."... 561. S58 : .....
Dayton, O. 997.320 6.G
Seattle 1,809.117 -7.6
Tacoma 1,213,575 27.8
Spokane ' *912,408 17.9
Sioux City 1,211,306 37.3
New Bedford 3S5.571 18.8
Knoxville, Teun 431.r,78 .*.... 10.0
Topeka 89O.34S 75.2
Birmingham S69.CS5 . 10.1 .....
Wichita ' 503.047 6.8 .....
Binghamton .. 41S.400 ..... :....
Lexington, Ky. ..... 353,669 2.0 .....
Jacksonville, Fla.... 251,806 80.0
Kalamazoo .. 340.1S2 6.1
Akron 422.000 3.6
Chattanooga 217,350 9.6 •¦
Rockford. Ill 332.211 22.8 1
Canton, 0 220.000 23.5
Springfield. 0 326.8S2 7.8
Farco, N*. D 423,092 ..... .....
Eloux Falls, S. D - 156.496 21.8 ..:..
Hastings, Nebr 176,467 18.9 .....
Fremont. Nebr • 133.465 70.5 ..... .
Davenport 654,232 /...
Toledo k 1.702,943
Galveston ........... 7.542.000' 29.9
Houston 11.0S8.028 J2.9
Colorado Springs 73S.723
Helena 514,338 15.5
Little Rock 638.569 87.?
Evansville 852.S54 6.0
Springfield. Ill 361.329 8.4 .....
Macon C07.OO0 8.4
Younsstown, O...... 260,503 6.1
Total. U. 8 $1,782,744,033 24.0
Totals outside of ¦
New Yoric S78.814.323 9:8
CITIES. I Clearings. Inc. Deo.
I Clearings.
, — Percent—
Inc. I Deo.
Montreal $13,875,504 7.0
Toronto .-9.953.606 6.0
Winnipeg J... 2.803.272 ..„. 14.T
Halifax 1,513.132 l.j .....
Hamilton 768.710 1.9
St. John. N. B 6SS.433 20.2
"Victoria 607.136 12.4 .
Vancouver 837.642 19.5
Totals S30.9S2.43S ..... 2.4
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF THE
FINEST LOOKING AND BEST BRED
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
Offered This Tear From' the
ANTRIM STOCK FARM,
' ' CHAS. KERR. Proprietor.
MONDAY EVENING, December 3, 1900,
Commencing at 7:45 o'clock.
OCCIDENTAL KORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard St.. near Third.
Horses in salesyard. Send for catalogue.
ttM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.Charged With Assault.
LIVERMORE, Nov. SO.— N. Wilbur
Nelme« of Haywards Is In jail hero charg
ed with assault on Mrs. William Carroll
at her residence. He 'Is under -bonds of
$1000, in default of which he is an inmate
of the local jail. Neimes is a. cowing ma
chine agent: .
OAKLAND. Nov. 30.— Judgment has
been rendered in favor of Gertrude Axx
In her suit for divorce aBrainst John Axx.
desertion and cruelty being charged -a
default has been taken against- William
Fletcher in favor of Lucy Fletcher. Judge
Hall has granted Sarah Adle a divorce
from Cornelius Adle on the ground of
neglect. ' . .
Divorce Suits Pending.
in view of the circulated report that Afi
ft-mblyman Anderson of Solano is about
'o introduce a measure looking to the
object of having a. bill passed providing
for compulsory arbitration in the next
session of the Legislature, Delegate V.\
llacarthur will appear before tbe Val
l'-Jo Labor Council to-night and address
th.-it body In opposition to the measure.
Itr-ietzatc Rosenberg to the American
Federation of l^abor was Instructed to
draw thf attention of the federation to
thin issue with the object of having it
defeated Ea.«t.
At thf> meeting of the San Francisco
Labor Council last night a preamble op
}<r,t=ing the exemption of Stanford Uni
versity from taxation under the recently
adopted amendment .was prepared for
circulation for signatures. The action is
beinfr taken because of the dismissal of
I'rofppsor Rors.
The Labor Council.
OAKLAND Nov. 30. — There were too
many unpleasant features about Jail lifo
to suit George Fedderwitz. a Berkeley pa
lnnn-keener and to-day he paid a fine at
t£ SSW l»r da-v for cLh of the 24'.
days of hte unexpired term. Fedderwitz
was nnod. $250. with the alternative of
serving 250 days in the County Jail, for
violating the liquor 1awa of Berkeley He
appealed the case to the Supreme Court,
but It was decided against him. He un
dertook to serve out -his sentence, but be
had his fill after six days.
Jail Life Did Not Suit.
0. C. KIBK DIES '....
. : FBOM FNETJMOMXA.
Power in the Politics of the
Seventh "Ward.
Formerly City Councilman and, a
•OAKLAND. Nov. 30.— Former Council
man O. G. Kirk died to-day at his home,
9S1 Fifth street, .after an illness that has
extended over several years. He has been
in falling- health for a considerable time.
A heavy cold devploped into pneumonia
about a week ago, and he died this morn
ing. " . . ¦:">*?;
O. C. Kirk was a dealer In plumbers'
supplies, stoves, etc.; In East Oakland,
and was a prominent factor in politic 0 .
Though a Demqcrat, he always managed
to be elected to the Council In the strong
ly Republican Seventh" Wirrd. His first
term was in lSSfl'and he served three suc
cessive terms.
He leaves a wife, Julia Kirk, and
eight children. Henry S., Joseph A., Cle
ment P.. Kdward L.., Julian M., Loretto,
Katherine G., and Hose Kirk. He wuo a
native of Ireland and 51 years of age.;
The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday) morning at 9:30 o'clock from
the family residence. The body will - be
taken to St. Anthony's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be said by Father
Gleeson, the interment being at St.
Mary's Cemetery. .
Mayor' Snow ordered the flag on the
City Hall at half mast out of respect for
the dead Councilman. •;'-;
CHEWED THE WEED UNTIL
IT CAUSED HIS DEATH
ALAMEDA, Nov. 30.— Persistent and ab
normal chewing of tobacco was, ] accord
ing to the physician who attended him in
his. last illness, the main cause of the
death of James C. Suitings, who passed
away ' here yesterday. , Sailings had been
a user of the weed all his life, and of late
years his craving for chewing tobacco
held him In absolute bondage.
Dr. C W. Bronson treated Sulllngs prior
to his demise, and the doctor regarded
Sulllngs* ailment and; physical condition
as something out of the ordinary. -In his
many years of practice the physician had
never met with such an Instance. '
Sailings was 66 years of age and was a
carpenter, but had not worked at his
trade for years. He was well known here.
John Barrett to Talk.
OAKLAND, Nov. SO.— John Barrett, for
mer Minister to Slam, will address a meet
ing ' under the . auspices ¦ of : the Oakland
Board of Trade next .Tuesday ; evening In
Hamilton ; . Hall. The - subject will - bo
"Practical Oriental Trade Conditions."
GERMAN LOAN
UNDER DISCUSSION
Secretary of the Treasury
Tells Why It Was Placed
in America.
BERLIN. Nov. 30.— In the Reichstag to
day during the'debate on the loan bills Dr.
von Thielmann, Secretary of the Imperial
Treasury, was asked why the lof.n for
80,000,000 marks was placed in America. He
replied that the German money market
in September was in an unfavorable con
dition, and the Government had been
urged to avoid doing anything to raise the
rate. Therefore it was considered desira
ble to draw money from America and
Great Britain, as they both had a great
abundance of cash, especially the United
States, and .the Government had to be
careful not to deplete the German money
market toward the end of the year.
Count von Kanltz, the Agrarian leader,
said he regretted the loan was not placed
in Germany. America, he added, might
easily become the banker of Europe.
Herr Busing, National- Liberal, observed
that patriotic heartburnings were unnec
essary. Great Britain had also placed a
loan in America. But in his opinion a
clause should have been inserted prohibit
ing America- from placing a loan in Ger
many. • •
I Dr. von Thielmann. replying to the critl-.
clsrn. declared the apprehensions of Herr.
Busing were groundless. Should a scar
city of money occur in America, a con
tingency which after the re-election of
President McKjnley he did not fear.
"Americans would only be able to loan to
Germany at "a loss.
"I can assure Count Kanltz." concluded
Dr. Thlelmann. "that we did not run after
the Americans. They came to us."
. • Dr. Arendt, secretary of the German
Bimetallic League, approved* placing the
loan abroad. He said its issue in America
protected the market from results of. dis
count. .
Heir Koch, president of the Imperial
Bank, also approved the way the loan wag
placed. He said he did not entertain fears
that the loan would be used by Americans
to draw gold from Germany.
v- Dr." von Siemens, president of the Na
tional Bank, said it was unnecessary to go
abroad for money.
'After further discussion the subject was
dropped. ,~ . . .
"T Suicide of San Diego Woman.
BUFFALO, Nov. 30.— A woman who
registered at the Iroquois Hotel at noon
committed suicide soon afterward by tak
ing strychnine. Subsequently she was
identified as the wife of H. H. Albright,
who recently engaged in the hotel busi
ness in San Diego, Cal.
VAST SUM OF GOLD
IN TREASURY
Total Amount of the Precious
Metal Greater Than
Ever Before.
'WASHINGTON, Nov. 3O.-The largest
slock of gojd and bullion ever held In the
United States is now accumulated In the
treasury and its branches. The total has
been rising steadily during the whole of
the present year and Is now $474,108,336. or
about $76,000,000 greater than at the close
of 1*09. - ¦ • 4
This gold Is not all the direct property
of the United States, but it is held against
outstanding gold certificates. The amount
of these,. less the amount in the treasury
wnd its branches, was $230,775,S90 Wednes
day. • All the remaining gold, amounting
to about 1243,000,000, belongs to the treas
ury as a. part of the reserve fund of $150,
000,000. . . ¦ •. . «
• 1 he influx of gold Into the treasury
comes partly from the new. dlscoverie3
on the Klondike and other mines, but its
.retention' is due to the pressure for cur
itncy, which leads to the acceptance of
Rold certificates and other paper money in
preference to coin. I The treasury recently
has been shipping small notes in large
quantities to - . New, Orleans, and other
points upon deposits of gold in the New
York sub-treasury by the New York re
serve agents-of 'the Southern banks.
The fact that. $474,108,336 la thus accumu
lated in a. sense tinder a, single authority
enables- an '.estimate to be made of some
of the other' visible gold resources of the
country. The national banks reported
gold holdings • on. September 6 of about
$312,000,000,- of which amount $115,018,140
was' in .the gold certificates issued by the
•treasury. Tne remainder, about $197,000,
0(0. if added to. the visible gold in the
.treasury, matifes a total . in ¦ these- two
classes of estimates alone of about J6T0,
000,000. This 'is more than the entire-es
timated stock of gold In the United Statea
at the close, of 1&95.. The gold supply of
¦the country on the last .day of 18!W was
estimated at $692,947,212. r The .estimated
amount November 1, 1900: whs $l J 080,027 i 407.
and- tt is probable that the report for De
cember 1 will" show at least $1,100,000,000.
The treasury officials are confident that
Ihe round sum of $475,000,000 In treasury
-gold holdings will - soon be attained, gind
that even $500,000,000 is 'not -beyond reason
able expectations. .
The Swiss Relief Society of this city
will give an" entertainment and ball . this
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall, the pro
ceeds of which will be devoted to charit
able purposes.-. The ladles and gentlemen
having the affair in charge have arranged
a very attractive programme, comprising
vocal and instrumental music, moving pic
tures and tableaux. Dancing will continue
until 4 'oclock a. m. Sunday and ample
provision hap , been made to sustain the
inner man during these hours of amuse
ment. ¦
Belief Society Entertainment.
NO TENDER FROM
PAHAMA- COMPANY
President of Canal Project
in Conference With
Secretary Hay,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3O.-President
Hutin of the Panama Canal Com
pany called by appointment upon Secre
tary Hay to-day and had a long talk with
him touching the prospects of the
Panama Canal Company as affected by
the probable legislation at the approach
ing Congress. The Panama Company has
yet maue no official tender of the prop
erty to the State Department. It nas,
however, given the Isthmian Canal Com
mission, of which Admiral Wajker is
president, a. full "statement of the affairs
of the company and conditions upon
which it might be willing to pass the con
trol of its property to the United Statea
Government in the event that the Panama
route should be chosen. The commission
will Include Mr. Hutin's , report, so that
Congress will, have before it material for
exercising u choice between the Nlca
raguan and the Panama routes. It i3
probable, however, that before the. latter
can be taken under serious consideration a
more definite proposition as to the exact
terms under which the Panama Com
pany's rights could be acquired by the
United States will be required.
The Canal Commission Is making a
strenuous effort .to finish Its preliminary
report, which, according to promise, was
to be delivered to the President to-day.
It Is now said that the document will be
sent to Congress as an accompaniment of
the President's message and that mean
while It will probably not be made pub
lic
It is evidently the intention of the ad
ministration to press canal" legislation
upon " Congress ¦ earnestly and speedily
from the very beginning of the session.
It is expected that before final action can
be had in the Senate upon the pending
House bill, providing for the construction
of the Nlcaraguan canal, the executive
branch of the Government will have suc
ceeded In removing certain obstacles
which now lie in the course of the pend
ing Hay-Pauncefote treaty and if this
'convention should be ratified the admin
istration's influence will be cast in favor
of the pending bill." There have been sev
eral conferences of late between Secretary.
Hay on one s«ide and Senors Correa and
Calvo, the Ministers for Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, respectively, and it is dfe
lieved that by way of anticipating action
upon the Hay-Pauncefote treaty the bases
have already been laid "for the treaties
with the two Isthmian republics which
would be necessary, to give effect to the
canal bill and to secure for the United
States the exclusive right for the canal
construction. . '
SPIDER'S BITE MAY MAKE
AMPUTATION NECESSARY
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— While sleeping
last night Mrs, A. F. Smith of 370 Second
street was bitten" by a spider. She did not
realize that she had been" attacked by the
Insect -until she awoke this morning to
find that her ¦ right ; arm was paining her
badly and that it was swollen.
Mrs. Smith discovered a small red spot
on the back of. her hand, where she had
been bitten. She went to the Receiving
Hospital and 4. the: physicians in charge
gave her an antidote. The arm has swol
len greatly and may have to be ampu
tated to prevent the spread of the poison.
Mrs. Comstock Loses.
"OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— Mrs. Louisa Com
stock'lost In her suit to recover $3800 from
the defunct Equity Building and Loan As
sociation, which was tried to-day before
Judge . Ellsworth. : The Issue was as to
whether, when : Mrs. ; Comstock deposited
$2000 at 6 per cent Interest with the Equity
Association several years ago, the re
quired notice •of/8ixty days before with
drawal .had been waived by the associa
tion officials: -; No documentary.; evidence
was produced to > show; that } notice .¦ had
been waived, the only ¦; evidence on f that
point -be'ing the testimony of ;E.;R. : Por
ter,* a nephew of * Mrs. ¦ Comstock, \ .who
was present when , a : verbal agreement '. to
that effect Is alleged -: by ; the ; plaintiff- to
have • been i made/- : i Judge • Ellsworth de
cided that sufficiently strong evidence had
not been introduced and found for the de
fendant corporation.^ ;~
Thin will b«? tho first and only apoear
sm*» of 3>lme. Melba in public during her
engagement outside of the Grand Opera
houff\ She if a warm personal friend' of
thr- R*>v. Father Smith, the father supe
rior of the Paullst order in this city, and
willingly gave nor consent to sing at the
ma 5?. Shf will render the offertory piece,
an<j has selected Gounod> "Ave Maria"
:i5 lur hymn of praise. She will be ac
fompanicd on the violin by Professor N.
Frank*. Signor Cremonini will sing
ilercadante's "Salve Maria."
The attendance at St. Mary** Church.
the old cathedral, should be unusually
iarpe next Sunda> at the halt-past 10
o'clock mass, for Mme. Melba has con-
Ffnted to ping there. Slgnor Cremoninl
h»« also voluntefred his services, 'and will
5:r.g at the same service. • Walter Dam*
n : < h was to have led the orchestra, but
unfortunately he is Pick and will' be un
ni,\* In attend.
She Will Render Gounod's
Ave Maria at St. Mary's ¦
"Cathedral.
MME. MELBA WILL
SING TO-MORROW
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— Licenses to marry
wtro issued to-day to Thorwald. PeterFen,
95. and Maria Anderson, 24. Oakland;
Theodor Julius Oosllner, 2S. San Fran
cisco, and Lillie Cohen. 26, Oakland.
Licenses to Marry.
Owing to ill health she came here nearly
a year ago and taught music. About a
week ago she went to the hospital. She
leaves some diamonds, but only a very
small, amount of money. She was a na
tU'p of England, aged 43 years. Her fu
neral took place here to-day. .' ' .•
When 15 years old she met a man named
Clifford, and soon afterward they wero
married. A few days. after the ceremony
he died suddenly, and grief caused her
hair to turn white. Later she came to
this.country and married one Adams, who
was a member of a Massachusetts family.
When he died he left her a large estate,
which she claimed she was swindled out
of through her ignorance of the laws of
this country.- She located in St. Louis,
where she had a large music class.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 3O.-Mrs. Ada Clif
ford Adams, who died yesterday at the
County Hospital, claimed to be a daugh
ter of Sir Henry Vane of Kngland. Ac
cording to the story she told the nu&'O
who attended her, when two years old
Mrs. Adams was kidnaped by a man
named White in revenge for some wrong
he claimed Sir Henry had done his family.
White gave her a- good education and sent
her to Italy to complete her musical edu
cation.
Claims to Have Been the
Daughter of Sir. Henry''
ROMANTIC TALE
OF MRS. ADAMS
<v ,
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— In a bjittle with
masked robbers to-night J. T. Crosby, a
boat builder, was knocked senseless, tied
hand and foot and his home in a house
boat on the Alameda side of the estuary
near the California Yacht Club house
ransacked for plunder. The robbers se
cured $9.
The fight was as sensational as a dime
novel tragedy. Crosby was preparing to
retire for the night about 9 o'clock, when
two men waikea out the gangway to the
houseboat and were inside before the oc
cupant had a chance to »ay a word.
Crosby jumped to his feet as the Intruders
entered, only to face a tall, darkly clad
roan, whose features were hidden under
«i handkerchief that covered his face from
the eyes down. .
The unwelcome caller had a pistol aimed
straight at the boat builder's head and
with an oath ordered Crosby to throw up
his hands. Instead of obeying the com
mand Crosby leaped for the robber, and
with a dextrous sweep knocked the wea
pon out of the masked man's hand. Then
commenced a desperate struggle for the
ri5stol. Crosby was making good head-
Way when the second robber came to his
l-al's assistance and with an irou ban
Ptruck Crosby heavily on the head, knock-
Ing him senseless to the floor of his cabin.
Then" to make sure that he would cauae
no further trouble the robbers tied his
f«-et and hands securely with pieces of
rope they found on the boat. That done
the pair of desperadoes searched their
victim's clothe?, rinding the money. They
then turned the place upside down In
their hunt for more plunder.
Crosby lay unconscious for an hour or
more Gradually reason came back «nd
he quickly discovered his condition. He
wriggled over to a bed and managed to
saw the ropes that bound his hands
arain^t a spring until the thongs parted.
With his hands free. he soon released the
bondp about hjs feet. He then hurried
to the Oakland jmlice station and reported
the crime. Night Police Captain Petcr-
Fon ordered *out men to look for the rob
bers but referred the case to the Ala
meda police, in whose jurisdiction the dar
ing robbery occurred. Crosby could give
only a meager description of the men.
iff Is employed at J. C. Beetle s ship
vard at Alameda Point, a short distance
from when; his houseboat is moored.
J. F. Crosby Nearly Mur
dered by Two Masked
Desperadoes.
FIERCE BATTLE
WITH ROBBERS
It -was on account of what appeared to be
a, coolness between Snow* and Mr. Dow
that I thought the Councilmen were In
vited to that meeting at Mr. Taylor's
house. You see. I had 'an Idea we could
get together and bring about harmony.
Now, Mayor Snow started these meetings
by giving a dinner to the Councilmen.
Then Mr. Taylor followed by inviting
them to his house. Of course, there was
some talk there. I heard something about
removing Chief Ball and appointing Mur
dock, but I was never in favor of Mur
dock. I would rather have gone out of
the city and taken a man.
"I don't know anything about any print
ed list of appointments. All I saw was
Mr. Rowe hand some paper or letter or
something to the Mayor. There was talk
about removing Democrats to make room
for the Republicans. Some of the Coun
cllmen. said they believed in the doctrine
of 'to the victor belongs the spoils.' But
I do not remember all that took place at
that meeting. It seems to me that three
or four of the. Councilmen went into an-
I counted the city fortunate that it was pos
sible to put off the unfortunate request made
by the Councilmen. and hoped that they would
come to »«• that they were attempting to make
a political tool of the chief executive. It was
very evident .that there was strong Influence
outside the Council and that my refusal to
carry out the programme would call forth op
position to the administration. Had the de-
I tuproso that Mr. Dow. who was one of the
Police and Fire Commissioners, was In sym
pathy with the demand made upon me by Coun
cilman because he had offered a resolution In
the Board of Police and Fire Commissioners a
day or two before removing Chief Ball from the
Fire Department.
under the present charter, was also present.
Mr. Howe handed me a typewritten proposition
«n<l thfre was a very earnest discussion upon
It. It was bet down upon the paper that Chief
1?r1I of th«> Fire Department was to be re
moved and Fred Murdock elected in his place;
that Assistant Lawton was to .be . displaced by
Bert Swan, and the then Assistant Superintend
ent of StrtrHs, Ott, should be removed and Mr.
Ulxby appointed to nil that position. The paper
also contained the proposition to remove Chief
o( Police Fletcher and appoint William Mc-
Cloud Chief of Police, but this last had a Un
drawn through St. for a change had been ma-l.>
In the Police Department a day or two before.
COUNCILMAN GIRARD.
COUNCILMAN SCHAFFER.
COUNCILMAN BARSTOW.
- "Whatever was dona about any patron
age 1 was not interested in, because- !
had not asked for anything. There were
some of the Cour.cilmen wno were trying
to get some places, but I did not mix up
In any of ; that business. My idea was
that there ought to have bjtn harmony
between Dow and Snow."
Councilman Edwin Meese— Without go
ing Into any detail about names of parties
concerned or of times or places, I will say
that there was an effort made to jam
Mayor Snow upon matters of municipal
patronage. For many reasons I was op
posed to anything of that sort and I wouid
not countenance It. In the first, place, h
was new in the affairs of the city's busi
ness, and I had a full conviction that I
v.anted to know for myself before I de
cided to vote for the removal of any ofH
cer or employe of the city whether that
officer or employe was performing his
duty. I should not consent to the re
moval of any man ubon purely political
grounds. This trouble about patronage
was one of the causes, among manyf
others, which led to the unfortunate con
dition of affairs now existing in the mu
nicipal government.
Councilman Anson Barstow— All my
knowledge on the subject of which Mayor
Snow has. spoken comes to me second
hand. At the time of the Councilmen's
meeting at Mr. Taylor's house I was ab
sent from the city. I have always been
and am now the close friend of Mayor
Snow and have my opinion upon tha sub
ject firmly iixed. In view of the fact that
I did not take part In the proceedings I
am not at liberty, I feel, to say more
than, that my belief is strong that the
Mayor needs no corroboration at my
hands to sustain the position he has
taken. There have been many events dur
ing his administration which confirm me
in my opinions.
Councilman Louis Schaffer— I was one
member of the City Council who was not
invited to take part in those quiet ses
sions of the then solid six or seven whicli
combined to jam the Mayor into handing
over the city's patronage to them. Not
having been present at the meeting which
iras held at Councilman Taylor's rcsi
.lence I cannot s*y of my own knowledge
that anything was, done there. But there
is absolutely no question in my mind that
an attempt was made to jam the Mayor
hard. At the time this matter occurred
I had a talk with the Mayor and when
I learned what was iJie situation I toM
him to go ahead and use his own judg
ment. I believed that he was better able
to discriminate in matters pertaining to
the service of public servants than the
entire Council put together. The members
of the Council who were handling this pat
ronage scheme did not Invite me into
their confidences because they -thought
that they did not need me. But they
would like to have me npw if they could
get me. There is not any doubt that
the trouble about patronage and tlv?
Mayor's refusal to yield led to a com
bination against him In the City Council.
Kverybody knows that is so and tbat
there has been a constant effort to block
any measure which would tend to beneilt
the city or to throw any credit upon
Mayor Snow's administration.
other room and had a talk, but that
might have been before the Mayor ar
rived there.
Has Few Friends
Amoing City
Fathers,
All th-> Councllmen were present at the me?t
.ing at which the request to which I have re
ferred was made except three. Mr. Dow, City
Attorney, nnd a member of the Board of Pub
lic Works and Police and Fire Commissioner
The r**<|u^ft of tlie Councilman, me^tlngr in
formally at the home of Mr. Taylor, to which
I referred In my remarks, was at the time
Flmply astonishing. The tnure no because at a
banquet" not lonir before I had stated, and I
presumed the statement was acceptable, that
clearly the buftlneES of the legislative body was
to lrclsla'.e; that It was the plan of our char
ter and the purpose of the administration to
remove the Council from all the entanglement
of patronage. The local prees reported that I
Ftatcd further: "I believe we should Bo further
and remove not only the legislative body from
pll the entanglement of patronage, but alf>
the Board of Public Works, the executive arm
of the Council. This can only be dene by cre
ating an Independent Board of Commissioners
to control the Fire and Police departments."
wisdom of the proposed change In the makeup
of t!ie Board of 1'ollce ana Kire Commission
ers of this city was questioned, and I felt
obliged to give the reason why the adoption
of this amendment would benefit the city.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— Mayor R. \V.
I Snow, in his fDcech before the
I North Oakland Improvement
Club on Wednesday night, Openly
declared that ».r.e City Council hail
trifd to Ja:n him upon a question of pat
ronage and that because he would not
make appointments upon demand tried to
prevent legislation of benefit to the city.
The Mayor urged this as one reason why
the proposed amendments to the city
charter should be adopted so that the
Board of Public Works and the Police and
Fire Commissioners should be as far re
moved from the control of the legislative
body as possible.
But It was the charge that the City
Council had tried to control municipal
patronage and had made an effort to force
his hana that set the rolitlcal tongues lo
wagging. The Mayot referred specifical
ly to a meeting at which he declared this
demand was made, and this brought out
some of the unwritten history of the pres
ent city administration.
No municipal administration that whs
ever elected In Oakland started out with
brighter rrospocts and from no adminis
tration was more exacted. The people
were as willing to give- as they were to
receive. All that the administration has
accomplished has been to overcome a de
ficit of $60,000 which they found staring
them in the fare, submit the amendments
'which will be voted rpon on December
S, ard take some preliminary steps, whi«'h
have long been delayed, toward a bor.-i
issue which will not and can not be sub
mitted during the life of this administra
tion. That the present administration ha3
not accomplished anything substantial is
acknowledged by even the members ther'j
of.
Councilman Girard *»t a meeting of th-j
Council last Monday night broke forth
with one of his explosive sneeche*. In
which he declared that the people had lost
confidence In the City Council and that lie
had no confidence in the Board of Public
Works.
Mayor Snow follows this up with a pub
lic speech in which he says that the ad
ministration lias been handicapped and
the city injured because he refused to ap
point to office men who were wanted by
members of the City Council. The Mayor
went more into details than did the ex
plosive Councilman, for he stated di
rectly that he had been invited to a cau
cus of the City Council at the residence
of Feltcn Taylor, a member of that body,
and that while there a type-written list
of proposed city employes had been pre
sented to him. The list provided first for
the removal of N. A. Ball as Chief of the
Fire Department and the substitution of
Fred Murdock. The Mayor concluded
his remarks by stating that he had re
fused the request of the Council for these
appointments and that "the attitude of
the legislative body has since been one
of disapproval of this act of the Mayor,
finding expression often in the last eigh
teen months, to the disadvantage of me
city."
The members of the city government
and the politicians of Oakland were
greatly excited to-day over the speech of
the Mayor. The strained relations of the
Retaliataom as ,a
Means of Re- .
vemge.
members of the municipal government
have been the subject of no little com
ment, and when it finally found official
utterance the city became excited.
In regard to his startling speech in
North Oakland on Wednesday night and
the charges contained therein, Mayor R.
W. Snow to-day made the following state
ment:
I had decided not to crltlclie or dlecusr the
charter amendments. They have been deter
mined upon by the City Council, and It must
by this time be evident to the least observant
citizen that Elnce'my election in March of last
year I have avoided every opportunity for dif
ference with the legislative body. The Council
has given cause for offense, it is true. I have
not been blind to that. I regret exceedingly
that the Council should of itself or at the sug-
KWtlon of outglde Influence treat a Mayor's
niiRRPFtinns without reference to their value,
uut rather with reference to the fact that he
has not granted some political request. ¦ I re-
STPt. as every good citizen must, that so little
has been done by the Council, for the evident
reason that some other is pre
ferred by certain Individuals for this service.
As I fcave said, I had not intended to criticize
r>r discuss the work' of the Council as evi
denced in the proposed charter amendments. But
at the meeting of the North Oakland Improve
ment Club, which the papers have reported, 'the
mand been - less, involving consequences less
serious. than the substitution of experience and
competency for. men lesi competent and less
experienced,, the request would have be«n
granted for the sake of harmony and progress.
Such a situation should never be possible In
any city. Patronage which the chief, executive
has to dispose and the Council he is presumeO
to direct and through which body he must work
for the 'public good if at all. rfhould be as far
removed from each other us the poles. For this
reason, 1 at lensl, I am en advocate of the pro
posed amendment with reference to the Police
and Fire Commissioners.'-:; ;;
But few of the City Counctltnen could be
found to-day. Councllmen Rowe and
Lemmon were sick. Councllmen Upton,
Stetson and Cuvelller were In San Fran
cisco. , Councllmen Mott and Taylor could
not be found. The other members of the
Council, however, made" the following
statements In regard, to the Mayor's
startling speech: ,.*>>i-J.
Councilman F. R, Glrard— Well, I guess
some members of the City Council have
been trying to Jam the Mayor on patron
age, but I. never was in any of tfie deals.
Theresas nothing that I wanted in the
shape 'of spoils. The way things looked
when this administration went into of
fice, I thought there ought to be har
mony between the Mayor and the Council.
Executive Reiterates His Oedaratioin Tltoat Members of -the Miiinsilcljpal! Body
Tried to Force Him to Turn Over Patronage toTitoem.
Dar.trosch was in excellent form and re
ceived an Immense "ovation" — there- is no
other word— at the brilliantly successful
rnd of this biggest undertaking of the
season.
i >rts xn -find equal scope for his genius.
*:• has in admirable degree the certainty
;.!!.! s- ust ained .energy so necessary here,
ar<1 fills and warms the whole house with
•shut pi eat. rich, deep voice of his. Wuhl
rr.ann tang the Ounther part and fully
fiptained his worthy name here in the
conception;
M:fs F '•'-? was heard as Gutrune. and
from this and her other Wajrnerian work
!t is quite evident that here is another
Wagr.er slnjer, soon to be of perhaps first
importance in the German master's in
terpretation. Schumann-Heink was as
royally satisfactory as usual as Waltraute
anVi F!osshilde, and Miss Scheff and Miss
p.ridewell sang well the other Rhine maid
ens' parts.
The foenic irrangements— the fire, the
Rhir.e overflow and the rest of it— were
managed v.ith an amazing cleverness, and
rot the least credit of the "Ring" produc
jion is due to the clever artists who have
staged, lightel and managed the mechan
ical details of the performance, r
Dp Reszke's Hajren. the deep-browed
raitor. was another splendid picture by
•;;s versatile artist, who seems, in all
In hpr bowed and broken daughter of
th» gods, descended to a mere woman
hood. the was a most humanly pitiful fig
ure, and the sublime scene of her renim
< lotion was marked by an utmost satis
faction of rendering. She is gloriously
equal to *he vocal dtmands made and has
the Wapner rpirit and letter of the law
to ihe last essence.
He has the right Instinct, as Siegfried,
:he boy, he has a free, youthful touch;
a< the man he has a fairly virile grip of
:li part, but it is a hero in miniature, a
pocket edition of Siegfried, that the sing
er, by Fhcer lack of physical and vocal
wtight, is forced to give us. Placed, too.
es he is. apaiiiPt the full majesty of
like Nordica. and de Restke. the
discrepancy and inadequacy is even more
painfully; marked, and the inordinate de
irands inade by the composer upon the
:i::it--tp render the effort toward the even
ing's end a distinct discomfort to the
lirtcner.
Nordica even, last nicht showed, though
siiKhtly. the effect of the enormous strain,
l>-jt nothing finer or bigger has beeri done
•.han her Brunnhilde.
The chorus in the bridal scene is mag
nificently handled from every standpoint.
The composer has given noble material to
the KinRers. the orchestration aceompany
inp is or admirable beauty and the attack,
climax, coloring, beauty, volume and qual
ity of voices made one regret the unwrit
ten choruses of the rest of the "Ring."
The heroic "death of Siegfried." with its
solemn blare of brass, and the world's
grief In Its measures, touched the deepest
note of the trilogy, In Us massive, majes
tic movement, and it perhaps stands out
more prominently than any other of the
¦wonderful harmonies of. "Die Crotter
daemmerung."
The ptrforrrance began last evening at
half past 7. ending exactly four hours
later, but the audiruce listened with keen
est attention until the last note. New
York takes its "Gotterdaemmerung" un
abridged, fpom a quarter before 7 until
half past 11. almost five hours, and will
not have It otherwise. Next year we shall
probably take ours the same way. r.nd
also, it Is to be hoped, with the additional
advantage of another Siegfried. "Ham
letT* without Hamlet is no further ab
surdity than the "Ring" without n
worthy Siegfried, and Dippel in the part
is only a graceful apology for the luaty
biro.
;•: surely measure of the preceding "Sieg
fried" is maintained, does the tendency
ir^We itself felt, but in the later scenes,
beginning with the bridal of Siegfried and
Gutrune, the action becomes swifter and
the music more dramatically Interesting.
r-ftuatlons. from a dramatic standpoint,
arc stronger and more after the order of
the earlier gospel according to Wagner,
as illustrated in "Lohengrin" and "Tann
hauser." Not in the first act. where the
ncerted numbers, a trio or two, and the
"The Twilight of the Gods" appears to
.curae next In popular favor to "Die
"•Yalkuere," with its immortal "Valkyr
K:d<?" and chorus. In it Wagner returns
iu older forms. There are two or tliree
•D:e Ootterdaemmerung." last number
of the rnjossal cycle of the "Ring." was
IaFt night given at the Grand Opera
house before one of the largest and most
genuinely enthusiastic audiences of the
t-eason. ; ;*•;'.
By Blanche rPartington.
IJcrdica and De Reszke Carry OJf
the Honors, but Other Grau
Artists Are Well Be-
'Die Gotterdaemmerung" Is
Sung to an Appreciative
Audience-'
WAGNER CYCLE
IS COMPLETE
MAYOR SNOW'S SENSATIONAL CHARGE AGAINST
COUNCILMEN SETS POLITICAL T ONGUES WAGGING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER X, 1900.
MAYOR SNOW.
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.-Mrs. R.* p.
Thomas, who has been for several years
the legal guardian of Edgar L. Thomas,
an orphan, has legally adopted, him M car
son and heir. »
Adopts an Orphan.
again announced It as his belief' that hell
is.aTnyth and a 'theory very much out of
date."
Dr. Jacob Voorsanger, rabb! of the Con
gregation Emanu-El, spoke on "Priests of
the'Present Dav nnd of the Past." In tha
course of bis address Dr. Voorsanger said:
"I wish' to speak 'this evening about
priests and prophets. Jeremiah was a
great prophet, and because he said what
he thought it was his duty to express he
was unpopular and thrown Into Imprison
ment. It Is Just the same to-day; the av
erage person does not want to hear words
of. "warning or advice from their priest,
and when he tells them they are not ob
serving the laws l3ld down by Goa he is
Immediately voted a bore and a nuisance.
"In the old days the priest had more du
ties to .perforra than tie does now. Be
sides attending to the altar he had to bo
a musician. A priest was rarely called In
unless he w.a» wanted to perform some
ceremony, such ts at a wedding. d«?atn or
birth. A prophet" or priest can be im
mensely popular If he says everything
that pleases the world: but that Is n&t his
duty. When he observes a movement that
is vicious or wrong he must with the in
fluence he bears attempt to stamp it out."
"Religion Is a system by which a man
Is trained to do his duty to himaelf and
his fellow men." said Rabbi Jacob Nieto
at the usual Friday evening service of the
Congregation Sherith Israel. "All re
ligions attempt* to accomplish this. But
do they all succeed? I say no. The world
Is crying far & religion that will make
men love each other and prompt them to
do charitable acts. ; How can you teach
a man about fire and brimstone and ex
pect him to be merciful? The lower re
gion theory Is certainly very much but of
date. Do you want to have a man believe
in and to love a God that makes you trem
ble at the sound of his voice?
- "In our religion we do not serve God
with any hope of reward; we serve and
obey him for nis dear. sake. We do good
for the sake of good; we need not these
pictures of everlasting destruction. What
• I hope and pray for is that some day In
the near future the world shall be at
peace and that we shall all be united in
one sacred brotherhood."
Rabbi Voorsanger Lectures
.on Priests and Their
Right of Speech.
In Ws sermon last evening Rabbi Nleto
"NO HELL" AGAIN
SAYS RABBI NIETO
LONDON, Nov. 30.— The members of the
Royal Canadian Regiment, who have Just
returned from South Africa, were en
thusiastically received by the people of
Windsor this morning. The soldiers then
proceeded to the castle and were re
viewed by the Queen in the quadrangle.
Her Majesty, addressing the Canadians,
thanked them for the immense services
they had rendered to the empire. The
officers were then presented Individually,
after which the Queen summoned Private
Armstrong of New Brunswick, who lost
a leg during the campaign, but who Joined
in the march on crutches. After the sol
diers had been shown over the 8tate
apartments they were entertained at
luncheon in the Royal Riding School.
Royal Canadian Regiment Greeted by
"victoria.
RECEIVED BY TEfe QUEEN.
Statist will propose that the Government
should begin negotiations with Command
ant Botha and General Dewet to bring the
war to a close. As the Boer warriors
might misunderstand the motive of an
overture from the military authorities, ts
will suggest that the highest civil author
ity In Cape Town should begin the nego
tiations. If not Sir Alfred Mllner, then the
Chief Justice of Cape Colony, or even J.
H. Hofmelster.
This great financial Journal will lead up
to Its proposal by an analysis of the sit
uation In South Africa, and will say:
"We are losing In every way, losing m.
prestige and losing in life. "We are see
ing our South African possessions plunged
Into greater .distress and the opinion is
gaining ground abroad that we are Incap
able of bringing the struggle to a satis
factory termination." ©
Military Incompetency will be alleged
and the Statist will aver that military
harshness should be. avoided and the
Boers conciliated.
"If men like Botha and Dewet volun
tarily surrender and bind themselves not
to act against us In the future," the
Statist will say. "Is there any good reason
why a promise should not be given not to
send them out of the country? J. C
Robinson suggests that Botha and De
wet should be invited to take seats In the
legislative council that will be estab
lished. The suggestion is worthy of ap
proval. The Boers should not be ex
cluded, even from the beglprring. from
anything which can safely be given
them."
Statist Proposes Negotiations "With,
Botha and Dewet. . v
LONDON. Nov. 30.— To-morrow the
WOULD CLOSE THE "WAR.
LONDON. Dee. 1.— There 13 virtually nj
news from South Africa this morning, but
the retirement of Lord Wolseley, the re
turn of Lord Robert3 and the appoint
ment of Lord Kitchener to the suprema
command, occurring ?» they\do simulta
neously, are keenly discussed. Despita
some misgivings, hearty. anproval is ger.
erally expressed at Lord Kitchener's ap
pointment. It la felt mat If any one can
clear up matters in South Africa he is tha
man: and it Is readily admitted that thd
task before him. thoush of a different
kind, is almost as difficult as that whica
faced Lord Roberts ten months ago. an<l
is calculated to give the fullest scope ta
all of Kitchener's talents as an organ
izer.
The Morning Post hints broadly that tha
recent demand of Lord Roberts for re
inforcements has not been complied with
and insists that Lord Kitchener's hand*
must not be tied by any lack of men or
horses. It says:
"If reinforcements are withheld or de
layed Lord Kitchener may be paralyzed,
with what consequence. to the empire no
one can foresee. From 30,000 to 50,000 m%*7i
are required."
All the editorials dwell with consider
able emotion on the nation's debt of grat
itude to Lord Roberts, who has "success
fully piloted us through one of the dark
est hours of our history."
From Cape Town cume indications of
the uneasiness felt. All military p03ts
throughout Cape Colony are be«n^
strengthened. Bloemfontein la now pre
pared for any possible attack. Extra
scouts are out and guards watch throusrn
out th*» night. The garrisons at the Or
arge River drifts are being Increased. At
the fame time measures are being taken
to assist in the restoration of order and
prosperity. Tbe Pretoria correspondent
of the Daily Mail announces that "tha
British are distributing oats and- seed po
tatoes among; the surrendered Boer farm
era at nominal prices, without which th.9
farms would go untllled for another
year."
British Forces Distributing Oats and
Ssed Potatoes' Among the Sur
rendered Boer Farmers
at Nominal Prices.
Garrisons Being Strength
ened and Extra Scouts
Sent Out.
UNEASINESS IN
SOUTH AFRICA
Colonel H. C. Symonds.
I SAX 'JOSE, Nov. 30.— Colonel H. C.
Symonds of Los Gatos died this morning
of paralypls, aged 70 years. He was a
graduate of West Point and formerly a
professor la that academy. Among his
olas smates were Generals Sheridan, Scho
iieltf and McPherson. During the civil
war he was a commissary at Louisville
and handled over ES.OOO.OOO in furnishing
provisions and forage for the army In the
Merchants Form Association.
OAKLAND, Nov. '30.— J. T. Moran has
been elected president of an association'
of Oakland merchants who are organiz
ing for protection In various matters.
The association has already a large mem
bership. - _.
11
For a Cold in the He.idL
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
An indolent man is a dead-loss to him-
self.
fr^ ASK for the FULL NAME fl
UX v ¦ [ffl]
[ml '.'.:' C '*,: . '¦'¦'¦¦-- ...¦ ¦",'¦ '¦. ' . " iffis
im To Obtain the best and safest Natural Laxatire Water Known to tbe medical pro- M
<'$>/ fession, acevpr-f ailing remedy for all disorder! of tbe stomach and llrer, of iaral- <>*?;
|Wl n»bl© eervioe to peopls of «edent>rr habits and an absolute cure, for chronic jfljj
M) ' ' ¦ • : ¦ M
m v**UI lo Lipd L1UI 1* p
Ml For Dyspepsia, Biliousness, and for Hecdache arising from orerloadlug the stnm- M'
<$% . such, , no remedy in th« world haa been ao thoroughly indorsed by the medical prof e*-' <^v
|ffl| elon generally as this well-known Aperient Water. ¦ , jflYj
W I ARPI hw ROTTLF »• blub luj
«| LMD C L. \J IX D U I I L. C Wlth rej, centre Panel. >MTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER ¦"¦•_, 1900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
¦
BUS—CESS OFFICE of The Baa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street
ccrrer Clay; cpen until J:SO p. m.
ZOO Ha yea street; open until 9:39 p. m.
«* McAllister street; cpen until 9:S0 p. XB-
£15 Larkln street: open until S:S8 p. m.
Oil Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
IT£1 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
cr:ta 9 p. m.
10* Eleventh street; cpen until » p. — .
10S5 Valencia street: oprn until 9 p. m.
Norch'weet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M-. ¦
will m<vt THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- ~m\-
1NU. Pecemher 1. at 7:30 o'clock. P. TL^
M. ajid ;.:. _. M. .leerees. Vy crder of ~r. A
the H. P. ; FRANKLIN H. DAY. •_*_
EXCELSIOR L<*3«e No. 1«6. F. and ¦
A. M.-*r*?cial rr.eetinir THIS (SAT- «#%_
IRDAY) EVENING. I nc.ir.b-! i. at 7 T*LJ\
o'clock. Tfc'.rd degree. ' ~ r *
THEO. li. 5MITH. Secretary.
DOKIO Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.-Th« A
officers and mfrnWif are hereby .notl- M
fii ! to attend the funeral of <-ur df- jiZ
ceased t>r--.iher. XCGCtST DBCKE/i. '»'
in King Salomon's Haii. Masonic Temple.
THIS DAY; (SATURDAY), lifct-mber 1. W09.
t,t 1:30 p. m. Master Mas.;n«. are fraternally
invited to attend. By order of the Master.
X R- GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
VALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O.a /«
O. F.— The officers and the funeral yf ,
commiltee of the above named encamp- y\
rnent are !-.erM>y notified to assemble/ X
at Odd Feilowp' Hall, corner Market and
Seventh sts.. on SATURDAT. December 1.
1&00. at 1:15 o'clock r- m.. for the purpose of
, (.trending t!ie fun«" a ' of our late brother and
ratriarch AUG. DRUCKER. By order of the
Chief Patriarch. CHAS. QUAST.
Financial Scribe.
HARMONY I^'KJse Ko. IS. I. O. O. <_»-»_¦>•
IV— The officers and the fur.erai
corarr.ittee cf the above named
:o<!*e are hereby notified to as- 'v/i**-
Ferr.b> «t Odd Fellov.s' Hal!, corner Market
ari-J Seventh ets.. on SATURDAY. December
3. at 1:15 o'clock r- m .. for the purpose of
atter.Sirg the funeral of our late brother.
AUG. PRUCKER. P G. By order of tbV
S. G. • CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
T.UKRE will be a special meeting of the S. F.
Bricklayers' AswioiaTion held at B. B. Hall.
' 13 rjity Et.. THIS 'SATURDAY* EVENING.
Dee. 1, at £ o'clock sharp. Business of Im-
portance. By crier
E. J. BRANDON, President.
ANNUAL MEETING— Tf-e — -guiar annual
TneetinK of the stockholders v' the Paaunaa
Pupar Plantation Company will be held at
the cfSce of the company. No. S27 Market Bt..
Fan Francisco. Ca!.. en SATURDAY, the 1st
day cf Decetr.ber. 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of electing a
frotrd of directors to serve for the ensuing
year er.d the transaction cf rfuch other busi-
xnf- s* may come before the meetin*. Trans-
fer bocks will close on TUESDAY. November
to. 1*00. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H SHELDON'. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
$200 to I5C0 PER month: men or women: salary
nr con-.— iFsion. SC7 Martlet St.. room 315.
ASPHALTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
raired: xxsts!. 11S« Mission: tel. Folsora 1607.
A&TBULOGY.
DR. C. TOUSET TAYLOR, Scientific Astrolo"-
trer— Free copy "Tfr.e New Moon." 763 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
n. IT. KING. E*7 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
— Estates, damage?, attachments, bankruptcy,
collection*; all case*: fair fee*; no advance
ohfargct: ioang on ettatea. Tel. Howard 1337.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; prix-ate;
r.o lee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty at law. E50 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. EDW. JAHRETT. Hearst bldg. Third and
Market «s. : phone Red £262.
ADVICI: free; no charge unless successful. W. '¦
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. £. CLARK. Ernma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
let »; : oonyul:at;on free: no fees In advance.
OATli CABINETS.
EOBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and^othersTwi
f= BROUN CO., agency. 426 KUia St.. S. F.
DOAUDIXG FOB CHILDREN.
A LADY with a pleasant home In Eanta Rosa
would !ike 4 beys to board and go to school;
a ro<xi h'TOf; b<-ft of refs. Box 42S. Call.
BISIMJSS CHAACES.
tSOfr-COFFEE and lunch parlor do!ng~a"good
bus-lness In beyt part of city; a. bargaJn. R
O. WILKE. -jgs Kearny »t.
A-J300; OYSTER aad chop house; epp. R. R.
deixjt across the bay; daily receipts J30; rent
?::. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— JTOt: SALOON and lunch house; eurrounded
by wbolesaie houses and machine shops; es-
tabrished years; rer.t $30; splendid offer. Call
A-ITiO: ONE-HALF interest in good paying
reftaurant on Kearny st. : a first-class prop-
osition for ti-.e right party. R. a. WILKE,
J6>4 Keamy st.
Jjoo-C< "l-TEE and lunch parlor doing a rood
buflri>-?5 in best riart of city; a bargain. R.
G. V.ILKE. StU Kearny st:
A— £7i'»; SALOON near Chronicle building; es-
tablii-heJ yeirs and known as oa« cf the
Kadi.iE ulaces of the city. CaJl R. G.
*.VILK_, I'C'j Kearny el.
A-S12!*: COHNiTR grocerj- and bar; one block
south of McAllister su; rent J45; 4V4 years
lease; ov.ner hat two more places of bu?l-
r.ess and mat sell on«; stock will invoice
the rricf. Call It. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
A— JIGOO; SALOON with mercantile lunch, sur-
rounded by wholesale houses and factories:
business clearing !!„ j..er month easy: owner
ke-ejts place in Oakland and must sacrifice.
R. G. WILKE. '£6^8 Kearny st.
A' i:0WI: RESTAURANT and coflee parlor on
Kearny st., near Chronicle building; rent J125;
business clearing 1200 and above per month;*
owner engaged otherwise; compelled to sacri-
See. Call R. G. WILKK. KM Kearny Bt.
A— <S3W; CORNER liquor bar: established 40
veair; located near Chronicle building; S
}'<=—¦*' lease; dally receipts about $50; one of
rh* btn raying bars In this city. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny et.
A — CORNER butcher chop on Howard St.: do-
ing a first-class paj-lng cash business; must
r*U at once; owner going In cattle buying.
pn. -6. WILKE. 264 Keamy st.
A-S120C; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
estab. many y«ars; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels i«-r day; 5 living rooms, bath:
rent, ISO; 5 year*' lease; death of owner cause
cf ntle. R. G. WILKE. 26Vj Kearny tt.
A— BRANCH bakery and home kitchen, no-
tions, cigars; bargain. COWING — CO.. 71?
Market et. , .
A— RESTAURANT : heart city; money-maker;
•ocie quick. COWING & CO.. 713 Market.
A FIXE corner grocery: best location: come at
once. COWING _ CO.. 71» Market St.
A PLUMBING shop: (rood location; come at
once. COWING _ CO., 71S Market st. . .
A— PARTNER —anted 1 in good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 719 Market et.
A— GROCERY: best bargain ever offered; J125
ta-kf-s it. COWING _ CO.. 73» Market st.
A— SALOON; mater front; a snap this day.
COWING _ CO., 71* Market st.
BARGAIN— Bakery and branch; More trade of
f. barrels a day; f 1200. Arpl> at once to Mc-
LAl.GKLIN & COft 777H Market St.
F.ALOON: finest locality: fair stork and a good
run of custom; offer wanted to-day. DON-
XEJ.LY & CO.. G2 Market st. ?
J7C0— H int. in plumber business, established 10
years; splendid opportunity for a mechanic-
eicknesa cause cf sale. Lane gc Co.. 863 Mrkt.
CALL to-flay*at THE DONALD McRAE FUR-
NITURE CO.. £27 Mirslon St.; some good prop-
ositions in rooming-houses and restaurants.
JS'O-RESTAURANT: near Market: clearing $200
ma; party 3 years In place. BASILE, 2 Eddy.
EVERYBODY— Man. woman and child in San
Francisco and Pacific Coast, can afford to
buy oil tlock. 1 cent per share, in regular
corporation with proven oil lands; sure In-
vestment; dividends will be paid with first
w«H; ir.oney be used for development purposes
only; derrick and casing n6w on ground; will
give free 11000 Insurance, policy, good for one
yrar. with every thousand ehares sold; thou-
cand ehares, $10; 100 shares $1; only 100,000
fhare* to be sold. JUANITA OIL CO.. 500
Montgomery Bt.. San. Francisco.
FOR fjJe— On exceptional terms, a complete
printing riant, suitable for printing a seven,
•double-column paper; plenty cf type and other
accessories. For further particulars address
M. F. WALSH, Ca«trov1lle, Cal.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will furnish instructions for making
anything <5«!red. Chemist, box 646. CaJl.
A' LONG established eaJoon in wholesale dis-
trict ior sale chean. Address box £43, Call. ,
FOR FAI.E^ — Grocery and bar on account of
d*slh. 4_ Third et., corner Perry.
j.\r>o— FOR sale; saloon. 640 Commercial st., 1
door from Kearny. near New City. Hall.
WANTED— A partner In an established fruit
andveiretabl" business. Inquire at 212 Gough.
GROCERY and bar: 3 lt%ing rooms; very
cheap. M Rausch st, near Elrhtli.
BUSINESS CHAXCE5— CONTINUED.
DRUG store: short distance from San Fran-
cisco; good opportunity. Full particulars of
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.. 40 First Bt.
$S75— WHITE FRONT saloon; no agent;' call
and see. 139 Washington st.. ttr. Montgomery.
GROCERY and bar: good business; selling ac-
count Blcknesg. 1111 Howard St.. cor. Langton.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia tt. .
LODGIXG-UOUSES FOR SALE.
I JIONFT loaned on lodglng-housee, 1>4 p. o:
' arvthlng you want in lodsing-houses; s'mpls:
I £7 "rooms on Powell St.; rent $175; price. .$1900
i 15 rooms on Genry ft.; rer.t $65: price.... 1050
| 15 rooms on O'Farrell St.; rent $65; price.. 750
I 20 rooms on Mission St.; rent $60; price.. 11C0
| 16 room* on Howard it.; rent $25; price.. 750
For quick Bales list your houses with A- L.
I WILLEY, S16 Market St.; phone black 6215.
1 a— 22-ROOM house; central $100C
1 TO-room house; flrst-claes 1050
j 11-room house; J476; 6-room l flat 825
1 20-room hot— e-: Eddy; rent $75: only 900
j FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
¦ SNAP: 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
j only ;125. FISHER A CO.. 1032 Market Bt.
! BJ'YERS of lodring-houses will find large list;
| • nne bargains in lodcing-houses. Samples:
i 102 rooms; rent $64, price J1500.
I l! rwms; rent $34; price $400. : . -r
! We loan money to buyers at 14 per cent.
i SCHWEIXHARD & CO.. 917 Market ?t.. be-
t tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
I M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st., room L Free list
! New bargains every day— good paying houses.
: Over C-50: all fizes and prices; terms easy.
> FOR sale— The finely furnished rooming-house.
! 428 Fifth St., very cheap. -- A. -^
j 16-ROOM lodjrir.g-house; paying; will sell rea-
] ronable. Box 235. Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOSS.
¦ COLUMBUS BUGGY CO . clearance sale; "low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $S0; other
' styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
j X— ias presents. Markt. nr. 9th.. opp. St. Nlch.
I FOR sale— Cheap; fine Caffrey brougham, near-
| ly new. with new rubber tires and patent
i French brake. Inquire St. Lawrence Stable.
j 423 Post st.
• ALL kinds of wagons, buK»ries, carts, harness,
; etc.. cheap. FGAN & SON. 2117 Mission »t.
j AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
j camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
i NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
pw». work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
I MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-retiowned epirit-
! ua! medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
FUits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
I mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
j 513 Eddy gt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
'. MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test. business me-
i dlum and life reader; also medicar clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
eittinge, $1. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
MRS. DR. WEST returned: trance medium and
magnetic healer. 906 Market St.. room 22.
j MRS. PR. GILSON. 614 Jessie et.. near 7th;
circles Tues.. Thurs., gun.. 8 p. m.; elt. dally.
"CONSULT Watson." 15S1 Mkt. st.. nr. 12th;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.: 50c, 1L
' MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
: her dr. Tues. Thnrs.. Sun. S58 Mission st.
i MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
i returned: fee 2£c and 50c. 708 Ellis st.
! MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium.
I healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
! EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
j cor. Taylor; Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
j FRIKNDFHIP Hall. S35 McAllisters-Mrs. C J.
I IS^y^T*, sl£tlnfrs j convinolnu tests" to™"!!!? 1 !!! z XOc
CLAIRVOYANTS.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
: medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner of Golden Gate ave.. room 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
I guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
I let with special terms.
¦ MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil — second sight;
I diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies &Cc.
I E»r.ts »; palm, and clair. sit. U 60. 126 Turk.
¦ MME. BERNARD reads life fluently;" advice
; given In all affairs of lire; satisfaction guar-
anteed; I5c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
! ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
j palmist, permanently located 114S Market,opp.
; Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m i. to 5 p. m.
; REMOVED — The great Inspirational card read-
j er - price 25c and LOc: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
J m. MAPAME VAX BERGEN. 22S Fulton it.
; MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st.. near Geary
j — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
; ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Fri.. 8; clr. 25c
| MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
; presert, future. 25c. 148 Sixth Bt. room 14.
! MME. ZEREDA. the g-vpsy. is the great palm-
i 1st p.nd card j-cader. 25c. 7 Seventh st.
I MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
j d:um;23c up. £23 Mission St.. nr. 4th; ring bell
! MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
. ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
I MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader.
¦ sittings dally. 448H Jessie st.
j MRS! E. M. DUVAL. -clairvoyant and business
! medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms 8-10.
| MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
i palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
j CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
j WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
j send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
i Ing Works. SS3-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. South 49.
j STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
¦ kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
J Sc yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
I CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 5c.
! BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessla 944.
i J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
| vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
! STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
! —
i ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
j tel Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
• CONKLI.N-t: Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Oulden
Gate nve. : telephone. East 126.
\ CHIROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
( painless: consul'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
j T— ~^~*~^~"*T~*——~— S
COLLECTION . OF~iCES.
GEORGE TV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. P27 Market • st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
| TWENT^FIFTiL 3«J^Cottagei 3 rooms;
{ large, yard; rent ?8.
! JS— SUNNY cottace; 6 rooms; Roscoe St.. off
i Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St.. off Third.
SUNNY ««ottage. -5 rooms; bath. , cellar, nice
i yard; $12. Apply grocery, 23rd and Sanchez.
i $10— COTTAGE (rear). 4 rooms and attic; gar-
j den; water free. Apply 1121'^ Filbert st.
112— 9 FERINE st. ; 2-story house, 5 sunny
rooms and yard. Apply at 2326 California.
j ~ DENTISTS.
AT~th^ _L"_CTRO-DENTAL"ciTlNICri09"iIar-
I ket at., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
j have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
; without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
I S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
I fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. in. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
I p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
[ derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
I Lerlence; no students; advice free; prices
! cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
J DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
• A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and brldge-
I work; teeth without a -plate;- fillings, sue;
j crown", $3 50: plates, fall Ket. $5; all work
X-ainU-fcs end warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
j "MAIN Offlcc" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh;' consult
us on crowns : and bridges; teeth extracted
! positively and absolutely without pain.
< PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor., Bush—
j Full set of teeth.$4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
da-s. 1001 Market st'. corner Sixth. " .,
SET of teeth without plate. Bfc. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ' r
I LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless Extraction,
j r.nr. New York Dentists. W» Mission, cor. 6th.
! DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
I patterns cut; evening class. - 1019 Market st
{ ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
| ing, pinking. 121 Post over O'Connor — MoBatt.
j DRESSMAKING; reasonable ; rices: ; dresses
] made over; perfect fit 2S7 Geary st .
JDEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Ellis. '
V EDUCATIONAL.. !
uALLAGHER-MAIlSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkerplng; fall course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English - branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. -
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual Instruction, JS per
month; life scholarship, $60; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr. f20 Parrot bldg..
be would not: be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
Icseons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
KESS COLLKOK. 1236 Market st. , .
ENGINEERING, civil, el'ec. minlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide." arch.; da w . eve.; est. 1S£4.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 033 Market.
PIANO: history of music: German: French; $5
per month. Y. M. C. A. bids., fifth floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1838 Eddy St.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.- '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etf.. day or eve.: $R mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devisadero: tfl. Fell 138. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. : domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese _mploym ent Office—
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell st : tel. Ea.it 428.
EMPLOVMEftT WASTED F_MA_JC.
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 5 years old
wishes housework, private family: chamber
work In rooming house; references; no trlflers;
wages $10. 744 Howard st,
A YOUNG girl wishes position as nurse girl;
kind; willing to take whole charge. Call 19
\erona st., near Third, bet. Harrison and
Folsom.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to - do gen-
eral housework or keep house; good plain
cook; wages $15 a month; no objection to
country. 29 Minna st - » '
YOUNG lady, bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, wants position; office experience;
reference. Box 544, Call office.
A COMPETENT woman, middle-aged, good
cook and do washing: wages $12 to $15. Call
120 Fourth Bt., room 10.
AS nurse to surgeon or physician, by a lady
with 5 years' experience in European hospi-
tals; highest credentials. A. V., Windsor
Hotel.
¦vT ANTED by a young American lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper; references given and re-
quired. Box 431), Call office.
A LADY desires position as housekeeper. Call
at S?6 Larkln st.
A RELIABLE Swedish woman wants position
as cook In a restaurant or boarding-house.
Call at 235 Eighth et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with her girl of 12
years, place to work or more of home; small
wages. Box 540, Call office.
AN excellent laundress and house cleaner wants
work; postals answered. Call for one week,
87 Ivy ave. .
GIRL would like to take care of baby or do
light upstairs work. Call or address 273
Church st
SITUATION as housekeeper. Call or ' address
MRS. S. CLARK. " Fourth St.. room 2.
PERFECT fitter In tailor and evening suits
wants engagements; $1 25 per day. 244 Taylor.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper: light work: small wages;
good home. MRS. M. L1STON, Station M,
Richmond District.
CHAMBERMAID«for small hotel or lodging
house ; country preferred. Address box 527,
Call office. ' ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third fit., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to It
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggago to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2203 FHlmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
c ubf crlptlnns has been established at 1096
Valencia ?t. (
K3H'l.bY3IEKT WANTED MALIC.
TEMPERATE young man wants situation to
do chores mornings and evenings for board.
Box 53S. Call office. ,
SITUATION by coachman; first-class gardener
and driver; sober, reliable, trustworthy; city
or country; best references. Box 542, Call.
EXPERIENCED cigar clerk desires . situation,
either in retail or wholesale house: can fur-
nish first-class references. Box 63S, Call.
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; or
would no as second cook; wages moderate.
T. SMITH, 318 Minna St. ¦
ERIGHT young man wishes chance to learn
saloon business; references. Box 541, Call.
WANTED— Position by an experienced en-
. gineer and planing mill man. Box 537. Call.
BARBER, 25 years old and 12 years' of expe-
C rience In Europe and . America, would like
steady work In city or country; prefer union
shop. A. BIONDI. 623 Vallejo St., S. F.
COOK with long experience and best references
wants situation in lunch-house or restaurant
where is no Sunday work. Address -671B
Minna st. ' '¦ •
BARBER from Boston, young, wants steady
Job. Box 631. Call office.
• BY an Englishman, a position as Janitor or
housecleaner; 15 years' experience. 107 Berry
st.; near Third. ¦) ¦ -.-'-x- . "
A YOUNG stationary engineer wishes employ-
ment; strictly temperate. J. W., 140 Seventh.
WANTED— Young man understanding. mercan-
tile reporting and soliciting wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best of reference as to ability and character.
Box 481. Call office. ,
SITUATION wanted by a first-class dairyman
- on a private 'place as milker: and to make
butter; can furnish references.- Address box
¦ 61a. Call office. - , '
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California. 626 Mont-
gomery st. ' ¦ ;,
WANTED— Position by good bedmaker to take
full charge of lodging house from 6 a. m. to
6 p. m. Address box 492, Call office. - >,"*:.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position: Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H. G., San Rafael, P. O. box 377.
AN experienced mining man desires a position
• with mining company managing or exp^.rtlHif
' mines; best city references. Box B06,- Call.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants situation at
, housework in family; small wages. GEORGE.
¦ S07 Polk st. ; ;'¦:';"'"
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established ; at 1096
: Valencia st.' . "/-:¦'¦¦¦¦;. ¦- .¦.'¦-.:."" .. v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions.
• receive.* «t Call hmnrh office. 2200 FHlmore »t.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N.' Manasse.- oculist optician. 810 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET." ,,
ELEGANT flat, 5 rooms and bath; partly fur-
nlshed. 1206 Golden Gete ave. -..¦ • r
FLATS of 4 rooms; $12, $13, $14. 20 and 22 Sum-
ner et.. off Howard, near Eighth.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. . : 257 -' Dore ¦ »t., ' bet.'
. , Ninth and Tenth, off . Harrison; rent $10.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, Tl 4— Flat 4 rooms, yard and cellar;
¦ lent $10; no children.? v ".-•..-'."'.; .-'¦''. ;..¦
UPPER sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath: = 926 -Va-
lencia st. Inquire ; Morton Specjal .Delivery,
- 40R Taylor, st. : key ¦ at ¦ store." f 30 : Valencia. :- :
$_H BAY- WINDOW; newly renovated : • modern ;
7-room : bath. 1625 Clay < st., near Polk. ¦;
E SUNNY roo— ¦; cellar; yard. > 12GH Fern av*.,-
off Polk St.. between ; Sutter, and; Bush, v
$7— FLAT. of 3 rooms and yard on Linden are.
• Apply 624 Fell st., near Lacuna. •
' FLATS TO LET.
$9— S-room flat, sun all day. 1328 Jessie st..'nr.
Junction Market and Valencia. ...- -
$11 50— UPPER four sunny rooms; lower. $9 50.
135 Ivy ave.. near Van Ness. .
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
7th, and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941. Bryant.
FCRNITURE FOR SALE.
1 L"»OOMS furnished in oak $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market
FUH.NITUR— .WAXTED.-
NEW and second-hand furniture and clothing
bought and sold. 1182 Mlasloh St.. near 8th.
CHAS. ¦ LEVY buys your furniture. " carpets.'
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkln; tel. Polk 691.
furniture & ftirn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 MlB?lon: tel. Red 3353.
;, * HELP WASTED-FEMALE. -
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
V; HOTEL DEPARTMENT"
Head waitress, south. $30. fare paid; head
.waitress, near city, $25; 2 waitresses, south.
$i0; 4 waitresses, first-class city hotels. $20;
2 cha.mbermafds to wait dinner, $20; woman
cook, city, 535; woman cook for men. mintng
. timn. $20; woman cook for men on rancii. $25.
se5 party here. 1 „
••••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Scandinavian working housekeeper, Nevada:
housegirl, no wash, Sisklyou County, $20;
housegirl, no children, Antloch, $20; house-
Birl, San Rafael, $20. see party here; refined
nurseglrl. C. R: HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
TWO neat young girls for candy factory; t*
week to begin. C R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary st.
C^OKS with references;, wages $30 and $35.
CATTELL'S Employment Office. 625 Eighth
St., Oakland. _... ; \
BFA ?; ISH or Frer >ch lady from 18 to IS to assist
at light housework and care for child 6 years
old; excellent home for right party; call be-
tween 10 and 12. MRS. E. F. BURNS, 997
Golden Gate ave. .¦
WANTED— Operators on ladies' .wrappers ajid
waists to work in factory; also take work
nojne; food pay; steady work. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady; ladles' underwear
store. MARKS BROS.. 1213 Market St.
WANTED— Girls for bindery who understand
folding or sewing. THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First st. :
WANTED— A neat girl for general housework:
German or Danish. Call between 10 and 13 at
824 Lombard St., near Jones.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, understanding gen-
eral housework, plain cooking; no washing;
115. 1406 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG German girl to assist with small child.
Call 10 to 12 at 300S Jackson st.
YOUNG girl: light housework: German or
Swedish girt preferred. 1704 Fell at.
RKLIABLE elderly woman or girl to take care
of baby and mending. MRS. H., 230 Powell.
WOMAN to dry dishes over noon; 85c. !10
Townsend St.. between Third and Fourth.
GIRL for general housework. 13 Scott st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at 29 Fourth Bt.
GOOD waitress wanted at 48 Third st.
TWO experienced girls to operate sewing ma-
'chlnea; foot power. E. H. LEVY. 813 Market.
LADY barber for Wednesday and Saturday.
757A Howard st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 838
O'Farrell st.
NEAT respectable girl to wait on table and
second work. 806 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking.
2211 Sutter st.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency. 9 Geary; ph. Black 371S».
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookbindery. 636 Clay gt. \
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - !
HELP WA* TED-MALE. !
A— WOOfDCHOPPEItsTTnTrr?!" Tj?" Tlemakers
25 woodchoppers, for a large company, .to cut
4 ft. wood. SI 10. }1 25 and $1 50 cord, all
winter Job 1
60 woodchoppers, other places, $1 to $3 cord; 1
25 tlemakers. 9c to 12o, tools and provisions
furnished. ¦*->';
- MURRAY & READY. 634-«53« Clay St. !
A— CARPENTER, r. r. work, $2 50 day, free '
fare; 8 eight-mule teamsters, 530, see boss
here; farmer and wife, $55; man and wife,
private place, $30; 2 asphalt miners, $2 day.
Hotel department
Broiler. $50; second cook. $50; short order
cook, $60; 3 waiters, $S and $11 a week; night :
cashier restaurant, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary s __
AN errand boy for this office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 G«ary »t.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day..
bookkeeper for ranch, see boss here
5 teamsters, same ranch, $26 and found ; far-
mer and wife; chore man and boys; 15 ranch ;
. hands, milkers, etc; wagon maker...........
For hotels, etc
A cook and wife, mine boarding-house; plain
laundry man, country hotel; saloon cook, S3
week; 15 cooks, city and country; waiters,-
dishwashers, etc. ; ranch cook. ¦
MURRAY _ READY, 634-638 Clay st. j
A — CARPENTERS. 6 cabinetmakers, 2 bench
hands, 2 sash and door mon. Mechanics' Reg-
istration Bureau, 410 Kearny st., r. 8; non-
union mechanics, please register; no office
fees. Tel, main 6384. ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment bureau; the only recognized ,
union of barbers. 115 Turk. I. LESS, Sec.
BARBERS' Progress!** Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A first-class cake baker; good
wages; steady position. Call at 1161 Wash- ;
lngton st.. Oakland. -
MAN wanted with $75; permanent place that
. will Day $15 to $18 a week; no experience re-
quired. Apply 1016 Market St.. room 10.
GOOD barber for San Rafael, single man pre-
ferred. Inquire 225^ Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1G48 Mission st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1406%
Dupont at.
GOOD active boy 17 years old. S. N. WOOD
6 CO., Powell and Eddy sts. 1 ;
BOY to run errands and make himself gener-
ally useful. F. MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento. ;
WANTED— Boy to run errands. Apply • to
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. 23 First St. j
WANTED— A man to drive- delivery wagon. I
Apply 1928 Howard st. -\ ;. ••;;
OFFICE boy. with good ¦• references ; chances
for advancement. 597 Parrott building.
PAINTER; good ¦ stageworker. 24th St., bet.
Folsom and Harrison, before 8 o'clock.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 560 Howard gt.. V
WANTED— A first-class short-order cook at 804
JUason st.; wages $15 a week. ' ;
-**^ -~—— _—_—-— _________
¦WANTED— Dishwasher. Berkeley Hotel, Po-
; trero. ' • . ••'...
"WANTED— An elevator boy. 29 '. Stockton st.'
TO LET— 2-chair barber shop, furnished; es-
tablished 6 years;-: rent $12. ' Southeast cor-
ner Turk and Scott . sts. . -, ¦ ; w . .
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, | U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men I of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4, Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. , For further Information ap-
j ply at the -Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
street.' San Francisco. Cal. :..-'. ' ¦;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
• price. 662 Mission . St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter^ — This
can be found at the Adams House,: 519 Sacra-
mento »t. . ' near Montgomery : one of the few
I respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can. find nice," clean, cheap.". well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop."
WANTED — Laborers - and " mechanics - to - know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno H»use proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 ..Third st ; - 150 1 iarge
1 ' rooms: 25c per night; $1" to $2 per week.": -.
! MEN wanted to learn -barber trade ] only eight
i weeks required ; ' position " guaranteed ; special
- inducements; catalogue and map of city. free.
MOLER' S BARBER COLLEGE. ; 635 Clay , st.
PENSIONS— J.. H. ; Shepard _ Co. V: old. reliable
firm,' SOS : Market, room • 40, ; Phelan ¦ building:
; pension vouchers executed.", 25c; advice., free.
i STRONG ; young I man to : learri •¦- baker's \ trade;
• German . preferred. >. Apply, 326 Broadway.' '-_
, 2-CHAIR barber shop for. sale.** Corner Golden
) .> Gate ave. ; and ; Hyde ; st. ; ; good * location. -. ; .1 -. -, ;;
• s GET r your ' shoes "* half-soled : : while • waiting, 25c
' ' y :to U>c - " S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d »ts. •; .
COATMAKERS and pantsraakers . for country."
Apply REISS BROS... 24. Sutter st.
YOUNG " man Uo do Janitor i work i for his ' tul-
tlon at' S.;F., Barber. School/ 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c,M5c and
I 20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. •; f\
HELP WAKTED- JIAtB.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N.'Y. Tailoring Co.. 1U Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world, , HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
. "WINCHESTER Houee,' 44 Third St., near Mar-
- ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; frea
-j'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc- — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
. carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSE , and mare for sale cheap; /-ood for
: farm . work, mare ' good for breeding, at SE.
corner Taylor and Bay sts. ;' price $75.'
HORSE clippingby experienced men; bestwork;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FRESHcow: gentle.' 204 Congo st.; Sunnyslde/
?30— HANDSOME furnished cottage, 7 rooms;
stable. 1S45 Blake, cor. Grove, East Berkeley.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; sult-
abie for grocery. See 0— <ier. 156 Ninth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
! cular. G. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 14 Montgomery.
j BUSH, 1224— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
I rent fS7 50. water . free.
i HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; good order; fine
location. 1427 Post st. .
hyVxotismT
PROF. RAYMOND-Strlctly reliable •^teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market »t.
INVALID CHAIKS AMJ TKIC\CL_S.
SOLD and rented; ntanfr. of the Eames tricycle
i chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AND FOir.NU.
LOST— Going from football game to Golden
Gate Park- via Flllmore-street cars, purse
containing currency, gold and silver, diamond
necklace, gold nuggets and bank check. A
liberal reward will be paid for return or in-
formation leading to recovery. ' REDDY,
CAMPBELL & MET8ON, Crocker building.
LOST— Thursday afternoon, Haight-st. cars,
ferry or narrow gauge boat; small chamois
bag containing gold coin; liberal reward. 227
Pierce st.
j LOST— Gold locket, buckle attached; set with
I diamond, ruby and sapphire; liberal reward.
P. J. NEUMANN, care M. A. Gunst _ Co..
corner Bu»h and Montgomery sts. :
LOST — Pair rimless Bpectacles in case Thura-
day afternoon. Return to 307 Call building;
reward. • , ¦ . '
LOST — LJenlen setter dog, white / and - black
spots: license 483. Return to northwest cor-
ner Ninth and Howard and receive reward.
LOST— Black Chinese Chow dog; name "Nig-
ger"; very liberal reward. 837 Devisadero st.
LOST— St. Bernard bitch; orange and white.
\ Reward at S24 Bush st.
LOST— Fox terrier; black and tan ears, black
\ spot on hip. 15S7 Market St.; reward.
LOST — Bunch of keys on Mission st.. between
Third and Fourth. Return to 744 Mission st.
LOST— Black field spaniel. Return, to 610
Kearny st. ; reward. •
LOST— Pearl shirt stud. Suitable reward at
MULLBR & RAAS CO., 731 Market St.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, in the
name of MARY FREEMAN; No. 204-1526. The
finder will please return to Dank.
MEDICAL.
DR. A XD XH^ DAVIEsTl228" Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
i thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular. [
DR. G.W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. Sth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist: safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him,
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, JS; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5: positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free, MRS. PR. KOHL.
DR8. GOODWIN, 1007H Market, expert oh dls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
dallst; eafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fail consult free. .
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 ,Eddy st. ;
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for the
'cure "In his office at $5. 323 Kearny st.
DR. NG -TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento Bt.. near. Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALB.
BOILERS. Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back, bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, hew and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; 1
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made; j
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21C Spear st. .• - ¦ .
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
18 O'Farrell st.
5-HORSE • Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
. $150: can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate av«. .
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-driil
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
H. S. WHITE buys, sells and rents motors,
engines, mach'y. mining outfits. 516 Mission.
CHOPHOUSE for sale on account of sickness.
1612V4 Folsom st. ,. ;
GAS engine, one horsepower; can be teen
running at shirt store, 633 Valencia st.
SECOND hand gasoline engines; all sizes.
NEWELL. 66 Bluxome. •
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and ' magic I lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
i proof safe. 216 California st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
; suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn. .
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
.planers, lathes; 2d-hand. , J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC . lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK, 131 Post St.
SAFIS— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
• MlaCEIMSEOl) S .¦. WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand gas engine about 15
horsepower, In good condition. Address box
645. Call office, ,;
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
• » sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 169 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st. :¦;:
; . »1O.\ E V ? TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, - or : any other good security; payable
back . In Installments or . as a whole ; if you
'owe a balance on the purchase price we will
'pay It and carry -the loan as long as you de-
;-i sire; ; avoid - red tape :' and publicity; see .us
¦¦ first ; ' you - will * be - watted upon quietly and
.V quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
1".. Second Mortages ¦.."... ...... .;...
\ ........ .:...'... Interest in Estates
7 Undivided Interest In Real Estate.
Financial problems of all' sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. -630 Market.
A— MONEY, to loan at rates | which | people can
f afford • to pay on • furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
•, not ¦ borrow - of . your friends s or you will lose.
.their friendship; do business, with strangera
. and you wilt.be better satisfied; no delay; no
¦' publicity: ' Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 percent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
•' lay::gef my terms before doing business else-
V-, where. : - R. McCOLGAN.' 24 Montgomery.- r. 3.
ANY, proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
- second mortgages; estates in probate, -Interest
~ in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
- : -' mortgages. . life Insurance. Room 16. first floor,
' Chronicle building. ;¦ H ALLORAN _ OLSEN. .
A— $;00,000 on city and -country real estate and
* estates; chattel mortgages; notes | and | <;oUat-
' erals.vJ.'BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery at.
MOST t reliable i place .' to - borrow - on ' diamonds.
f watches. Jewelry.*, W.^J.' HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price * for, old gold, silver,' diamonds.
MONEY TO LOAN.''
H1GHLT respectable.- private place to obUia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
»C; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, ino commission; strictly conn-
dentlal. Rm. 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people V-.thout security.
HILL, rm. '44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtffs; city, country: 6% undl-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER: 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
tng; men can secure loans on fiersonai note.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Farrott bid.
$:oo,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. S3 Sansome. rm. -
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. S17 Market st, rocmt
' ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulldiny.
TO salaried people without collateral or tn-
dorser. S F. X>iscount Agency. 1«3 PheU»n bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE are on*eriiiB~thTirnest lines of good and de-
sirable Kultars, mandolins and banjos ever
fhown on the coast; they are of the cele-
brated "Regal" and "Ideal" brand and are
beauties; the prices are very reasonable and
you can buy on payments if you wish; noth-
ing finer for a holiday present. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market »t.
A GOOD article is the best "bargain" for any
one to buy; when you buy a Decker & Son.
or a Packard piano, you always set a "bar-
gain," as It will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
suit your convenience. If possible, and take
pleasure In showing you the goods, even If
you do not want to buy Just now. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. T69 Market st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay _ Co.'a with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from data of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for ft cash and
|6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sta., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. ¦ :
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano hours west of Chicago;
agent peerless Heine and Hallet A Davis.
Boston's oldest and most famous piano. ao4
ten other makes; pianos rented;" rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights $327
1 Mason _ Hamlin 303
2 Stelnways 195 j
1 dickering ;. 165 1
1 Marshall & Wendell 63 j
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st; open
evenings.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S. ZK.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing: poi-rible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE list of silently used pianos 5133 up: easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Fs/-
rell st.; Chickering agency; Symphonlon mu-
sic boxes; sheet music, etc.; open Saturday
evenings. ,
HIGH-GRADE S-pedal upright piano; must b»
sacrificed, leaving city. 419 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over _ others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
NEDMANv upright. 175; Sherwood. $83: Peek.
tlOO; other bargains. BRUENS, 208 Post at.
AT KEEFFE'6. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agenoy.
GREAT many bargains in Ind-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung. 213 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Spiel-,
mann and Hamilton pianos. 30S Post st.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ. £60 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap:
installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
FCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlh. Bank.
OFFICES A\D STOTIES TO LET.
PHYSICIAN'S office fixtures for sale; chair,
operating tables. Instrument case, batteries,
etc. 425 Kearny st.
A LARGE store and dry concrete basement:
elevator; Al for wholesale business. 303-11
Sacramento St. •-¦¦-*>¦•-.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ/ 330 Pine street. " j
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited. 1
IT costs nothing to ask how we select profit- !
able oil stocks. Box f.23. Call office. _^ j
OIL LASDS FOtt SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in 1
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil* Co.", for j
¦ale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil
(and: buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON,
CARMAN _ SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco; 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfield.
A FORTUNE for $500— The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market In JO-acre tracts; send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Market St.. S. F.
PERSONALS.
WILL the carties that were at the arrest at
Mason and Market Thursday morning, be-
tween 4:30 and S o'clock send or call at 8 1
Eddy? M. D. HERMAN. j
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from
falling immediately and restores gray hair to
Its natural color: ladies call and Investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st.
LEDERER makes a specialty of men's and
women's wigs; opera halrdressing up-to-date,
25c only; the very latest. 123 Stockton st.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887: reliable and con-
fidential lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 7C6 Ellis st.
DANICHEFF sells holiday glove orders, good
for gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant.
PRIVATE detective work ;• reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 337 Jessie St.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 11th St.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; TOO rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night: $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton. st., near Broadway..-
LEOERER'S Qulntonica, used as a hair tonic
by the best people: 35c a bottle*.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, » 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
Lederer*s Foamo Shampoo should be on every
dressing case; cleanses thoroughly; 5c pkg.
FIRST-CLASS upholstering done at your house
by day or job. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MI3S EATON. 1119 Sutter.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
. corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Ttilor-
t Ing Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R: JENKEL, S17 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores Jray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
'PALMISTRY.
H77ERo3aiTFdslEL_Sr^^
Taylor st.. bet.Geary and Post; tel. Black*561.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Posl:< tel.VHrde •93'-
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment!
PATENTS AND I'KNSIONS. "
A ?i7F?, f F?i.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
- rUYSICIAXS A.ND . SUKGEONS. •
D JL, C - , C " O> DONNELI— Of flcT^nTreTfd'encT.
1021',^ Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.-
. PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— 5 or; 10 acres partly improved good
land • In a place ' where I ' can " get - : work in
-Umbers, cutting logs, .wood chopping or any
other work In timber*. Address F. R. WIL-
LIAMS..S31 Greenwich st.. S.iF. ,
WANTED — Flats j or. any good , Income ! property
under $10,COO for spot cash. SPECK _ CO.".
. UC7 Market sC -'jMaHH_Hh_____6«*l&
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. II. CMBSEN i CO.". ' ' """
M MONTGOMERY STREET.
A U C T I O N
A V C T I O N
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our salesroom, Monday, December 10th. at
12 o'clock noon.
THE TWO FOLLOWING PROPERTISS
must r:n sold
By order of the own«?r. who is an absentee:
No. l
S. E. cor. Dupont ami Green sts.: Improve-
ments consist ot brick and frame buildinss
containing ti stores and ii tenoment3; rent3
$.07.50 per-mcnth. which can be improved with
little outlay. Lot 6S:u by S2:«.
No. 2
Marprarette Place, rear «3 Green St.; im-
provements consist of 2 tenements of 3 rooms
each: r>nts JS per nunth; this Includes alley-
.way 2M, feet wl.Je l»a<i!ng trim Green st.
CORXER NEAR KERRY DEPOT
S. E. cor. Drumm and Commercial ats.-. Im-
provements consist of • stores and dwelling:
rents low at JSG per month; one block from
Market et. and i>rrifs.» Terms cash abova
bank mortgage of >lj»;< a
HOWARD STREET BUSINESS
I PROPERTY
[ 1116-111S Howard st., X. Ji ne . near 7th St..
only one block from new pestofrtee: lmprove-
[ menls consist of store with .". rr.oms and lorix-
[ Ing house of 1-j rooms; rerjts J-13 per month.
Lot 25 by 30.
| M. B. STURGES KSTATE
j Executor's Sale.
1700 Fell st.. N. W. cor. Masonic are.; bay
I window residence of S rooms and bath: cement
| walk: t-oth streets bituminlzed and accepted-
I this desirable corner l» located In one of the
. choicest residence districts and overlooks the
i Park Panhandle. Let 2S by ICO. Subject to
confirmation by the court.
STOCKTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
J 807 Stockton »t.. W lin<-. between Sacramento
f and Clay *ts. : Improvements consist of 1-story
j frame building: rents $20 per month; this prop-
erty properly improved can be made to yield
handsomely. Lot 40 by 133 6. irregular, to
I Prospect Place.
FORECLOST.11E SALES. _
No. 1
Folsom it.. E. Une, near 21st; 2 choice bofid-
Ing Iot3. level and ready for building; street
bitumlnixed and accepted. Lots 23 by SS each.
No. 2 '
2457 Folsom at.. E. line, near 3lst «t.; im-
provements consist of stable, with flat above
of 6 rooms and bath; street bitaminized and
accepted. Lot 25 by 83.
CLEMENTINA STREET INVESTMENT
Partition Sale.
446-446?* Clementina. »t.. N. line, bet— een Sth
and 6th its.; Improvements cobbIbi of store and
3 rooms, with 2 tenements of 4 rooms each;
rents W4 per month. Lot 20 by 70.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Golden Gate ave.. N. line, near Central av«.;
choice
Executrix Sale.
270-272 Lexington ave., "W. line, near 20th st.;
I 2 bay window flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath
; each- r*nta $23 per month. Lot 23 by 80. Sub-
1613-1513^ Jones St., TV. line, near Pacifle; 2
flats of 7 and 5 rooms each; rents $31 per
month; lot SO by 52:4.
For further particulars apply to our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
RED HOT BARGAINS
AT— A. M. SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT! HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL. SURELY ADVANCE.
{2750.
5 small flats, all rented' for $31; near Markat
and Ninth sts.
S3S0O.
4 flata near Sixth st.. all rented for Ml: coat
J5BO0; must sell. - :'. ;¦»
J60C0.
Two nlcs flats. £14 Flllmors St.: business lo-
cality; offer wanted.
J75C0.
Do— n tow -a flats, all rented. *31; two front-
ages; Hayes Valley.
i * $7500.
Flats: brand new.- east of Van Ness are.;
rents J72.
S7250 INVESTED
On Van Neu ave. produces J10O -9. month ov»r
taxes; must sell; elegant new Improvements:
this is five times what you get in savings
bank;/ '« ¦
t * 4S050.
Rents $100: 100-ft. front; near Taylor at.; no
chance like it.
S10.500.
40-ft. corner on Second st.
$14,500.
Business property; rents JIM; near new City
Hall.
$20,000. •
Corner; 60-ft. front; vicinity Sutter, east of
Hyde; grand hotel, office cr rr>om!n-hou»j site;
rents $107.
$30,000.
Rents $2S5: elegant new improvements: 5S-ft.
front; honest value.
$30,000.
44-ft. front; vicinity of Tlvoll: old improve-
ments; rents $200: block from Market, will
double surely In 10 year*.
J75.OTO.
Gsand corner; 73-ft. front: within. Mock of
Market St.; old Improvements; rents $400; with-
in block of HaleV, worth $100,000.
S 5100.000.
i Here Is 10 per cert net: on a corner 70-ft.
! front; guaranteed lease 5 years: building better
[ than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time, for trlfJers. Cash talks In
our office." Try ns.
I Money to loan. 8 per cent. tncltirHn* taxes.
[ A. M. SPECK & CO.. 637 Market at.
• * .....
1 '"
THAT MUST BE SOLD.
A fifty vara on Scott st.. with good Tie—,
only $:oco.
INVESTMENT ON HOWARD ST..
Downtown: four-story and basement building.
BRINGING IN $125 A MONTH
PRICE— $16,000.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 5 Montgomery st
IF you have property north of the Park am* .
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 630 California St.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. S30 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
FOR sale or rent— House, of 8 rooms; also two
lots In Mission:, barpraln if sold immediately.
Particulars _24 Stockton st. .
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnisheu. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pace*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE— 6 acres rood land. 2% or 3 miles
southwest of Mountain View, SartttC Clara
County, for $325 cash. Address o'vwier. M. M..
"Winchester Hotel. 63 Third St.. room 1«3.
RCAL. ESTATE TO E.\CHA.\GE.
NEW "Ottare. 6 nr is., bath: lot 50x100; Mission;
rental terms: a.nd vacant lots. 413 Kearr»v *t.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HEIIKRI.RY REAL RSTATE.
$30— HANDSOME furnished cottase. 7 rooms:
stable. 1845 Blake st.. cor. Grove. E. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KRAI, ESTATE.
$3S00T~ "~^ ~"~IJSOoT~*~ $3i00.
SEW MODERX HOUSE.
Lot 30x134 feet. _f_5_
TELEGRAPH AVE.
For permission to Inspect premises arp'7
A. J. SNTDER & CO..
• 487 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKL.AXD HOUSKS TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. ~. AU3-
TIM & CO.. 1<W< nroadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND .Kt'HMTUIl- FO^_J^f; '
av in'rnductlon to you from H. Schellhaas. the.
deafer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
UOOMS KOIt aiUMKKEia'WB.
STtT4 _n^T"ne.wly furnished sunny rooms
»3 S>= "• >"» » I() -
GOLDEN GATE ave.. «2-Sunny suit" of S
nwras. clean: hot and cold water; yard, la.m-
dry. etc.
MARKET.- nr. Mason— Large room »aJ klt-
ch"n. folding bed, gas. $10. Call S4S Knmy st.
ovK 113— 1 sunny room; furnished for ho'Ae-
kee'ptn.sc: raaae; closet: running watgr: 13.
O'FARRELL. 7-»2— 2 nicely furnished reae? i
rooms, complete for housekeeping: gas. bath, I
phone: $14. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 220O FHlmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CaiJ.
. is oaxea. In wrapper, for malllnx. tt Mr ye*..CALL CALENDAR.
GRAND HOTEL.
O Woodward & wife.
Woodwards Island
T Jones, Horobrook
A L Smalley, Wash -
R Kembrough, Sacto
C W ¦• Rogers, Los Ang
8 J Kuqua, Kans City
A M McCullough, L A
N Eastman, Gold Hill
E t> Babbitt, 8 Jose
A Mlchelson, Sacto '
AM Stevenson A wf,
Vacavllle
M Cameron, Cal '
L Thomas, Cal
J , Rummelsburg, Wntr
B A Plant, Sta Crui
H H Blood. Bakersfld
G H Ballou, 8 Diego
J D McGllveny & wife,
Stanford :'¦ ¦ ¦ -
C L Weldler. Sacto
J M Royce & w, Stkn
G WBeecher.Kngman
Mrs J T Baynes.N Y
Mrs B W r ood, qta Rosa
Miss Wood. Sta- Rosa
Mies M Mathews. S Rs
Mrs D Snodgraes & sn,
•¦ Selma ¦ ¦ •' , ; ' : v "
H L . Morrison, Stanfrd
G W ¦ Johns, Stanford .
W E- Keith, San Jose
W C Daub,' Bakersfleld
A R Underwood. Mnty
Miss A Stoneman.Chgo
F A Work* , Pac Grre
A D Qraham. Chicago
C A Cantrell, Stanfrd
J M Eaton. Cal
F HufoBal, Minn
S Haalett, Alameda
G Pacheco &w.Igmacio
G I Pacheco. Ignaclo
V H »i)»nc«. Salt Lake
k^nce. 8alt Lake
Si 1 & w - Utal >
Miss E Clawson, 8 Lke
Master Connor, S Lke
Master E Connor.S Lk
HEDiggles, Palo Alto
D P Cameron. P Alto
Vr T Bray. Palo Alto
J Toung-, Stanford
LXDake. Stanford ¦
r V J 1 , Atki nson. Napa
L Hall, Stanford
°_ Barnberg. Stanford
W J Nelson. Cal*.
P J Pitner. Stanford
S P-pverson, SUnford
9 £ B ™wnlee & w.Npa
J W Woodalde. Oakdle
A^C Fancher & wife,
Merced '¦.¦- .: . . 1
fe R .# F £ ncher « Merced j
E McKaln. Merced
Mrs I Pearsoll. Tcma {
F T.Barnard. Mrysvle
G Simon,, Cal
c W Silver/Chicago
J , K watson *: ¦*? r-at
PALiACBJ " HOTEU
L J i Darrah, Anjels :
J Mackay.'Bacto
E Strain. Can Jose .; T ,
F Searaarf?. Kana
MIbs^H Holmes, Stnfd
W S Kelly. Mont •
E F Wright, Auburn
R s R Allen, San Jose -
C L Flack. : Stockton
H Loin, San - Jose , •':
W a Ebbs. N Y< - -
O W Lyndane * w. 111
J W Winston. Los Ang
C B Forward, Ohio;
H Laws & w, Stanford
V '¦ B Schmitt,' Spokane
H B "Wood & w, S Jose
Mrs F McLauBhlln/Cal
MiHS'McLAUghlln, Cal
E Wance, Oakland'
Mrs W S Taylor. Cal -
Miss Taylor. . Cal
C P Braalan,;San- Jo«ei
J C Branner. i- Stanford
C M Bake w»ll & w, Cal
Q M Bowman & w. Cal
MB Bowman, Cal
J H Sweetser & w. NT
W D Schultz 4 w|- o
S 5- Abadl * * w . Berk
? P helps & w, Minn
J O Prewett, Sacto
B C.de Sousa & w • m
Miss de Sousa, IH .
Miss M K Oilman. Cal
J^W Zelmer. N Y •
J-P-Overhout & w, Cai
O O Howard. Jrtal
F W, SaltzBleler. & w.
¦ New York ' .
J R Sprankle,' Ohio :
C Dobhleateln & w, Cal
D pepper Jr.' Phllas
R C Paxton. Edlnburg
J W Ledoux^Phila
BW Strouss.rChlcaso
M RosenWoom,- Chlcag
L, K-Boddwin. Stanfrd
E;J Matthews.N Y
L - M Hancock, N&v
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
City and County of San Francisco to Carl
L. Kern, Jot on N line of O'Ffrrell street. 123
W of Scott, W 27:6 by'N 137:6; .
G. J. Becht Company ia corporation) to Llz
zl« C. Becht. lot on N line of Clay street, 220
W of Scott, W 25 by N 127:SU; quitclaim. deed;
John C. Newlands to Thomas W. and Chris
topher C. Rivers, lot on B line of Tremont ave.
nue, 746 S of Frederick street. S 60 by. B 80;
$10. • ' ?.¦¦•-
Hilarlta Lyford (Reed) to Helena P. Scarps.
(widow), lot on S line of Sixteenth street,
168:6 E of Dolores, . E 65 by S 110, quitclaim
deed; $10. - ; .
Cerlo D. Blanchl to Pacific Surety Company,
lot on E line of Bartlett street. 40 S of Twen
ty-second, S 40 by E 126: $10. .
J H. W. F. Meyer to Daniel G. Meyer, lot
on N line of Day street, 230 E of Noey B 25
by'N 114; plft. . ,
J. J. . and Julia • Rauer to Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society, lot on NW, corner of Day
and Noe streets. W 205, N 114, E 75.N U4,:B
100. 8 114. E SO. S U4: T $390.- .,
George F. Lyon to Julia C. Lyon, lot on
W line of -Vermont street; 60 N of Twentieth
(Napa). N 25 by W 200; also lot on W line of
Vermont street; 125 N of Twentieth. ,- (Napa).
N?5 by W 100: also lot' on :W line of Ban
Bruno avenue (Nebraska- street), 62:2 '.Niot
Nineteenth (Butte)." N 25. by W 200; also. lot on
W. Una. Of Ninth avenue, . 125 ' N of:K street.
N 75 bv*W 120; also lot on W line of Ninth
avenue. 50 N of K street.;N 25 by W ; 100:,alsc
let on W line of Dolore« street. 83 S of Army,
8 25 by W 90; $10.
8am« to John A. Lyon, lot on B line of
Connecticut street, 250 8 of Twenty-fifth (Yolo).
8 ; 75 by El IOO.vJIO. ,-¦"- ¦'. -• .¦ ... •:•... .._-..¦.
Mary, Alexander. Robert, May. and - Leila
Bamllton to Solomon ¦ Getz, : lot •• on E line of
Seventh avenue, 125 N "of A street, N • 25 by E
120:erant. • .¦ "¦ •' ¦ . ¦_-.
-William J. and Emma . C. Gunn .to : Franeln
H. Jones. lot on. SE corner of > B street ? and
Eighteenth avenue, S 100 by E 120; $10.- _¦¦?,. >.
Helen J. and • Charles. G. Budd ; ', to T. John
Ftumpf , lot on BW : line of ¦". Paraguay >" street
(Fonrteenth avenue); 200 SE of ¦ Tazoo , (M),, SE
H. M. A. Miller (executor estate Albert Mil
ler to Pacific Gas Improvement ; Company, lot
on NW corner of Fillmore and Francisco
streets, W 100 by N 30; -. - , .
WUIianvH. and Georgina Buckler to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on N line of Lake
street, 240 E of Sixth avenue. E 70 by N 350
(to be used for street, being extension of Fifth
avenue from Lake street N); $1.
Georee F. Lyon to Orange H. Powell, lot
Ml, Holiday map A; $10.
Bertha Eggers to Louis Wagner, lot on S
corner of K street and Seventh avenue (south),
SE 140 by SW 100, block 142, Central Park
Homestead; $10. ¦ ' - :
Angclo RonsI to Lorenzo Gotelll, undivided
one-twelfth of let 11, block N. Silver Terrace;
$2i > • • ' " ¦ ¦• • '
Joseph B. Benway (administrator of the es
tate of FrarjclKca or Frances Frltsch) to Mary
Mariottt. lot 192 gift map 3; $290.
Ida Meyer to Margaret Brown, lot on W line
of Stanyan street. 75 S of Parnassus avenue
(Sullivan). S 25 by W 81:3. block C, Sunset
Heights; $10. •
Behrend Joost et al. to Victor L. O'Brien,
lets 1. !, 10 and 11, block 274, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad . Association;
also lots 1, 2, 1* and 12, block 469. Golden City
Homestead; also lot on E line of Elm'.ra (Utah)
street, 225 S of Helena, S 75 by E 100. lots 840.
S41 and 342, Silver Terrace Homestead; also lot
on W line of Elmlra street, 625 N of Helena,
W 100, N 117:6. NE 77(6, S 112:5. E 25.- S 25,
lots 21 to 24, same; also lot on NE corner of
Helena and Hampshire streets, E 100 by N 100,
lots 106 to 103, same; also lot on E line of MIAi
i?an street, 60 N of Army (Colusa). N 73 by
E 100; Also lot 7. block 138. CNetl & Haley
Tract: $5900.
J. Y. Burns to H. S. Greeley, lot on SW cor
ner of Thirty-ninth avenue and U street, S 600
by W 240; $10.
Samuel J., Lizzie and Patrick Hayes to Rob
ert Dalzlel, lot on NW line of Minna street, 300
SW of First, SW 24:2 by NW 80; $10.
l'.ernhart and Sarah Backer to Joseph W.
Lomelino, lot on N line of Pacific street 137:6
W of Hyde. N 71:6. W 2?4 Inches. S to a
point E OTi inches to beginning; $50.
Catherine Leavitt to Sanford Sachs, lot on N
line of Geary street, 229:2 E of Stockton, E
22:11 by N 60; $10.'
Pauline A. Epanggord (wife of S. L.) to
Chresten L. Spanggord, lot 285, Heyman Tract;
$10.
G. T. and Anna Knopf to Ellen Crelg-hton,
lot on S line of Twenty-first street, 23 E of
Florida, E 25 by S 83; $10. ;
Homeseekers Loan Association to Edward L.
and Jennie A.' Combs, lot on W line of Hart
ford street, 231 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by W
125; J2000.
Louis Weule to Anna J. Arnelunsr (wife cf
J. C), lot on W line of Capp. street, US N of
Eichteenth. N £% Inches by W 120; $400.
German Savings and Loan Society to Manuel
Breslaucr. lot on E line of Valencia street. 224
N of Twenty-first, N 24 by E 90; |10.
Louis T. Brown to Esther Brown, undivided
half Interest in lot on NE line of Juniper street,
137:6 NW of Harrison. NW 25 by NE 80; gift.
Albert R. and Charles J. Ahlborn to Theresa
Ahlborn, lot on E line of Johnston avenue,
275 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 50 by E 250,
block 1, Johnston Tract; clft.
. Jeremiah Keefe to Catherine M. Casaidy, lot
on KE corner of Johnston avenue and St.
Roses etreet, X* 2b by E 123, block 1, Johnston
Tract; Jl.
Charles Pollfka, to Karollne and Charlei W.
Rebmann, lot on N line of Thirteenth (Ridley)
street, Ul-.V.i XV of Scott. XV 25:lVi, N ll'MW.
K S5. S IIP MS; HO.
Charles W. Rebmann to Karollne Rcbbmann,
same; silt.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Frank
E. Sharon, lot on \V line of Broderlck street,
125 X of Grove. N 25 by W 100; $4000. ¦
Caroline Bowj to Joseph K. Bowes, lot on
S line of Jackson street, 125 E of Baker. E 25
b/ S 127:8>4; HO.,
Johanna and Julius . Adolph to Joseph . R.
and Antonio Delucchl, lot on W lino of Lyon
street. 25 B of Grove, S 25 by XV 112:6; W0.
E>ora H. Carroll to John J. Carroll, lot on
N line of Frederick street, 125 XV of Cole, \V
25 by N 100; rift. . . . >
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Morning Session. '
Board— SfeSHBcSygSB
4000 California-Standard 34
150C> California-Standard ;......... 33
500 Hanford-Fre*no-Kern River • 21
20C Home Oil;........... 4 45
•600 Independence 21
750 Independence 20
400 Lion Oil Co..../....:.. 31
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 48
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 45
600 Occidental of West Virginia.. 63
2S00 Petroleum Center 23
500 Petroleum Center 2J
100 Petroleum Center 24
200 Reed Crude Oil Co -¦¦¦ 60
100 San Joaquln Oil & Development...... 9 37^
100 Sterling O & D Co.. 2 60
100 Twenty-eight .........:... 2 45
;-. --©treet— : ¦: ' -¦: •: , ' .-
1277 Petroleum Center 22
400 Monte Crlsto 7. 1 40
500 Four Oil Co........ 41
• Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 Caribou > 89
200 caribou.;..;;.."..".....',."."..;.; 2%
: 20O Caribou ...~....> 80
son Caribou- . S3
200 Caribou ;............ 37
200 Caribou * ....- i%
300 Caribou 40
500 Four Oil Co.. ...« 42 .
? 255 Four Oil Co... ,... 40
200 Home Oil '...... ;.............. 4 4J .
1160 McKlttrlck .....; 40
.100 Monte Crlsto 1 40
300 Occidental of "West Virginia 63
70 Petroleum Center 23
2TO0 Petroleum Center ....:.......... 21
2S0O Petroleum Center ...................... 20
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co. b 80.... — .51
&£L* 9 street— ¦qj^MWMajaSEBiBCBHHMy**^
450 Shamrock .;...; 110 ¦
1000 California-Standard ................... 33
20G'AIonte Crlsto...... T.. .*."...'...'.......:..; 1 40
; 500 Petroleum Center "........'...¦...:....;..•. • 20
¦¦....' CLOSINO QUOTATJONS— »:30 P. M.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. j': Afternoon Session.
¦ ' >jz- Board — ¦¦¦.¦¦•
100 Honokaa Sugar Co.. 82 00
• 90 Hutchinson S P Co 2575
25 KUauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
100 Makawelt Sugar Co 41 60
15 Market Street Railway 70 50
$5000 Oakland Transit Co 6s m 50
¦= 55 Spring Valley Water 93 50
: ,*¦. : : Morning Session.
Board—. .. •¦ j
10 Equitable Gas 3 23
25 Hawaiian Com'l A Sugar, 86 CO
' 60 Honokaa Sugar Co 32 00 -
225 Honokaa Sugar Co. 31 75'
$2000 Los Angeles-Paciflc R R Bonds....l0J 50
100 Market Street Railway 70 25
25 Market Street Railway 70 50
25 Paauhau S P Co... 82 12^
170 S F Gas & Electrto Co.... 4< 50
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co, s 90.......... 48 50
55 Spring Valley Water S3 60
Btreet— .
116 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar...: 88 00
Al Pack As8n.l24tf — Pao A P A.... J* —
;al Fnut Asn. — 106 Pac C Bor Co. — 152
Mer Ex .Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. U^i —
Oceanic S Co.. 100 V*H4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Hana S P*Co. 7 7tf KUauea S Co.. 8OT4 21Vi
Haw C & S Co 86 — Makawell S Co 41% 41%
Honokaa S Co. 31% 32 Onotnea S Co. 2VW —
Hutch S P Co. 25H 25% Paauhau S Co. 33 32%
SUGAR STOCKS.
California .....— 180 Vigoxlt SH l»
Giant Con Co.. 84% 85'4
POWDER STOCKS.
- STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California' ....129 — 1O8LA H.... 3S 4«H
Geary-st — 50 Presidio — 22
Market-st ..... 70V, — '
Ger S & L..... — 1900 Sav A t. So... — 81
Hum S & L... — — Sac Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 60 — Union T Co.... — —
S F 8av Un...B» *;-
SAVINGS BANKS
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 — , First National. 233 80S
Bank of Cal... — — Lon P & A. ...142^145
Cal S D & T. — 105% Merchants' Ex lb u
BANK STOCKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.227H230 V
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4tf Pnc L Co...... — 44
Ecult Q L Co. • I 8H E O4R Co — 40
Mutual El Co.. — **k 8 F G & E.... 46U 4691
O G L & H.... 49% 50* San Francisco. — »
Pac Gas Imp.. — 49 Stktn G&E Co— 14
Contra Cbsta.. 69^ 71tf Spring- Valley. 9Stf 93%
Marln County. 51}* —
WATER STOCKS,
Bid. Ask.
4s- quar coup.llfi llfi%»
4s do reg......U5 U5*k
! Bid. Ask
Is do cp (new).13SHM9
is do coup. ...110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 105
Cal-st Cab Ss.lU —
C C Water &S.108K —
Ed L & F 83...131 —
F & a Ry «». -. -
Geary-st R 6s. — —
H C &.S 6%s.. — —
.Do 5» 101 —
L. A Ry 6s.... 110 HI
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103
Do jmtd 6s.. — —
L A gntd E«... — 103
L, A P R R Ss.103 .—
Mnrket-ot e«...12SK —
X>o 1st M 6S.120H —
NCSOHli.- 114
N R of Cal «s.H4H -
Do 6i.......;.U»& —
N P C R R- «s.l01 —
Do 6s 108 10SH
N Cal Ry 6S...113H —
Oak G L & H.110% —
Oak Tran «s.:lUtf —
Oak Water is.. 105 —
Oceanic SS 8s.U07»Ul
Om C Ry Cs...l2S 12914
Pac G Imp 49..102 —
P & Cl Ry 6s..W« -
P & O R R Js.lUH _
Powell-nt II 6s- —
Sac E GAR 5s. — lOOVi
S F- &. SJV 6s. 119% —
S K Of Cal 6a HI
8 P of A 6s... 113 113U
SFCb (1905)
(Series A) 109H —
Do<Serles B)110^4 —
. Do (1908K....112 —
Do (1914)..... 1204111%
S P R «s 131 _
S V Water «s.114«U4H
Do 4s 102% —
Do 3d mt ere. 102 4 —
Etktn Gas 6s.. 101 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
will be teen by the sales. There were sharp
fluctuations in Caribou.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT, Nov. 80-1:30 *. m.
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The prize was the privilege of attending
any matinee performance in San Fran
cisco. -The Orpheum was selected, and this
afternoon the visitors, accompanied by
two petty officers, will reap the reward
of their attention to drills and duties.
The second section of .the first division
of the apprentice crew of the United
States training ship Pensacola will attend
the Orpheum matinee performance this
afternoon.. Shore leave is a rare thine: at
the Tcrba Buena training station, and this
particular liberty was granted to this di
vision as the_prize for their, excellent
work in the Thanksgiving- day sports.
These sports were directly In line with the
•work for which the apprentices are being
trained, and there was not an event in
which the winning section was not first
or second.
Apprentices at the Orpheum.
Leary,* : with a. -number of . other men.
was employed to. dig a ditch across Mar
ket street, close to the car line. The ex
cavation was so close to the track that
the men had to leave their work every
time a car passed. As Mission-street car
No. 1172 hove In sight the men were warn
ed by a lookout, employed for that pur
pose, to get out of the ditch. Leary was
at the extreme end and while in the act of
stepping out of the ditch the front part of
the car caught him and he was dragged
several feet ahead of the car before it
could be brought to a standstill.
Leary has several broken rib*, a badly
bruised shoulder and probably Internal In
juries. '
Several railroad detectives were soon on
the scene and immediately they wanted to
take charge of the case. They suggested
a free ride in a hack to his home at 117
Natoma street and attention by Dr. Gar
diner, the company's physician, should he
desire it. Leary snowed considerable
sameness. He did not want any hack
that he could not pay for. and "besides,
he said, "It might scare the old woman.'
Last night Leary was resting easily, but
he will not be able to resume manual
labor for some time. . ; :•
John L«ary, a laborer, employed by the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Light
Company, miraculously escaped being
crushed to death by a south-bound Mis
sion-street electric car at Third and Mar
ket Btreets yesterday afternoon soon after
1 o'clock. Although the man escaped with
his life, h« is severely injured.
Railroad Detectives Very Anxious
to Givw Sim a Free Hack
:, -¦- Edde and Medical At- •
tendance. .
John Leary Escapes From a
Tragic Death Slight
• Injuries.
FALLS UNDER
AN ELECTRIC CAR
FRIDAT, Not. ao— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 04 Off
Alta — 02 Kentuck C2 03
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher _...... IS 17 Mexican 21 23
Best & Belcher 17 18 Occidental 04 06
Bullion ..-. 02 04 Ophlr T8 80
Caledonia '. 29 12 Overman 05 07
Chollar 07 08 Potosl IS 17
Challenge Con. 20 22 Savage 12 13
Confidence 58 '¦ 61 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 85 1 40 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. SI 33
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill .... 48 4S
Eureka Con .. 85 — St Louis ...... 10 —
Crown Point .. 12 13 Standard 100 —
Exchequer — -02lSyndtcate 18 20
Gould & Curry 60 621 Union Con .... 11 12
Hale ft Norcrs 18 20 Utah 07 08
Julia, 01 03 Yellow Jacket. 19 a
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. Afternoon Session.
209 Beat A Belcher 131 100 Mexican - 21
100 Con Cal ft Va.l 40 100 Ophlr 79
150 Gould A Curry «ol 800 Ophlr 7«
100 Gould ft Curry 63 200 Silver Hill .... 47
100 Gould ft Curry 81 200 Yellow Jacket, a
800 Belcher 18 400 Crown Point ..1&4
#800 Best & Belcher 17 300 Gould & Curry 80
100 Con Cal & Va.l 35 200 Gould £ Curry 70
100 Con Cal ft Va.l 40 100 Silver Hill 45
Morning Sesssion.
The following were the sales In the PadOo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session. ,
1000 Alpha .. 04 200 Gould & Curry M
600 Andes -03 200 Mexican 21
150 Belcher 1(5 100 Overman 08
600 Best & Belcher 17 100 Overman 05
600 Chollar .07 200 Sierra Nevada. S3
100 Con Cal & Va.l 41 100 Syndicate 1»
250 Crown Pt...... IS 1W Union Con .... 12
200 Gould & Curry 63 300 Utah 07
100 Gould ft Curry 61 100 Yellow Jacket. 20
Morning Sesssion.'
J0O Gould & Curry 76 100 Union Con ... 13
300 Savage 13 100 Yellow Jacket. 20
100 Silver Hill 44
The following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MIXING STOCKS
H. E. " Law (owner) with Fred C. C. Ander
son (contractor), architect Fred H. Meyer—Con
crete and brick work for three, two-story frame
buildings, on S line of Oreen street, 60 B of
Van Ness avenue, 8 29:6, E 69. N 65. B 25:5 N
25, W 94:5; $3200. . !
• W. R. Myers . (owner) with Robert Pleper
(contractor), architect E. W, Hyde— All work
for a one and a half story frame building, on
W line of First avenue, 217:6 S of Presidio res,
ervation, 8 25 by W 120: $2700. .
Same owner with W. W. Montague & Co.
(contractors), architects same— 'Heating and
ventilating plant for same on same: $2500.
Same owner -with William S. Snook & Son
(contractors), architects same— Plumbing, gas
fitting and sewering for same on same; $1400.
Same owner with David McWhlrter (con
tractor), architects same — Incandescent wiring,
electric belle and speaking tubes for same on
same; $2100.
Same owner with .1. H. McKay (contractor),
architects same— To take down present brick
church building, on NW corner of Powell and
Geary streets, to remove to N side of property
a two-tenement frame building. Including cer
tain work on same, also all brick. Iron, steel,
carpenter and mill work, glazing, stairs, plas
tering, galvanized iron and tin work, skylights,
roof lights, iron fencing, and painting work for
same on same; J66.848.
Calvary Presbyterian Church and Congrega
tion (corporation) with C. A. Warren (contrao
tor), architects McDougall Bros. — Grading, ex
cavating and cribbing for foundation walls,
piers and retaining . walls for basement and
areas for a two tenement frame building, also
for a concrete, brick, stone, iron and wood
church and chapel building, on NW corner of
KUlmore and Jackson streets, W 125, N 125, E
25. N SO, E 100, S 175; $1550.
Same owner with M. Keating and J. Leon
ard (contractors), architects same— Excavating
for trenches, boxing, concrete work and as
phaltum coating required for concrete founda
tions and basement and bank and area walls
for same on same: $10,200. •
Builders' Contracts.
Maria F. Cummlngs (widow) to John Hlnkel,
lot on- 8 line of Haute street. 150 W of Ells
worth, W 150 by S 133, being the N V, of lot 3,
block H. College Homestead Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
James W. ' Why te to Mary Rlenecker, ; re
record 648 D. 41, lot 8, block B, Kennedy Tract.
East Oakland; $2500. •-¦» ; -2T_ ¦¦_
J.'M. and Ada C. Shannon to Frank W. Ba
ker, lots 80 to S3, Map ;of Property of Capitol
Home«tead Association, East Oakland: $10.
Rebecca Wurts (wife of _M. 1.) to Ltllie A.
Snyder. lot 7, block J, Kltnknervllle Tract,
Oakland Township; • $10. • w J.
James T. and Cornelia A. Stratton to Henry
Root parcel of land bounded N by BE line' of
Nineteenth avenue extended 8W, 8 by tract of
land owned by the California Cotton Mills and
known as their IVi-acre- tract,' and also by the
N boundary line of said IVi-acre tract extended
W upon same line and course, E by E boundary
lines of eald patent and W by W boundary line
ol said patent. East Oakland; also parcel: of
land bounded N by 8 line of said lVl-acre tract
extended AV on same line and course, 8 by N
line of Shell Mound Tract extended W. NE by
B line of said patent and TV by boundary line
of said patent. East Oakland; $10. •- ¦ .
i Paclflo Improvement Company to Southern
Paclflo Company, lot at intersection of plat 88,
Eancho V. and D. Peralta, with the Sawyer .
line thence E WW line of Henry street, being
60 feet W from E line of said Henry street if
extended N. thence N to N point of Intersection
with t.he Sawyer line, thence SW to beginning,
portion of plat 88, Ranchp V. and ID. Peralta,
Oakland Township: also lot on SW .corner of
Hose street and Shattuck : ayenue^W 270. 8 120,
E 185 S 180 E 135. N 800 to beginning, being
lots 1 to 5 3 and 9 block 1, Graves and Taylor
Tract. Berkeley? aiso lot 10.. block 20 Berkeley
1^ iWbVoA la£e?
•*&££ ST^l-ffllbSSi C Hogan to
Charles G. and Henrietta . D. Yale, lot on W
line of Euclid avenue. 1110 N of Warwick ave
nue N 70 by W 140, being: the N 40 feet of lot
22 and B 30 feet of lot 83. block 3, on map of
Subdivision No. 1 of Adams Point property,
Oakland; $10.
Claus and Matilda Widell toFrank C. Howe
(trustee), lots 16 and 18. block 88. map of Fitch
burg- Homestead Lots, Brooklyn Township; $10.
H E and Catherine V. Harwood to W. B.
Bridget, lot on SB line of county road No. 809,
otherwise known as Redwood road, at most W
corner of 4416-acre tract of H. E. Harwood, by
deed of November 1. 1883. thence NE 120. 8X.
feet. SB 319.72 feet. SW 119.76 feet. NW 331.40/
feet to beginning-. Brooklyn TownBhlp; $1M.
John Howard- to Kate Howard, lot on E line
of Chestnut street, 237 N of West Third street,
N 28 by B 132. block 497. Boardman's Map, Oak-
John Howard to Jane Howard, lot on E line
of Chestnut street. 263 N of West Third street.
N-25 by E 1S2, block 437, Boardman'e Map, Oak
land; $10. ' ¦ '-'¦>%¦ :¦;
Realty Syndicate to George Sterling, lot on
S line of- Fortieth street. 260 W of Telegraph
avenue. W 43 by S 100. being lot 13. block 20S0,
map of Estate of John Evoy, ¦ Oakland; S10. • .
Nettle Doyle to Elizabeth L. Wharton, lot on
N line of Thirty-fifth or Wharton street. 116 E
of West street, E 40 by N 120, being a portion
of lot 26, block C, map of property of Central
Land Company. Oakland; J10.
Paul and Mary J- LohBe to Lucto P. and
Anita E. Lohse, lot on WW corner of Thir
teenth and Harrison streets, N 60 by W 100, be
ing lots 21 and -23 and S half of lot 23,. block
193, Kellersbergera . Map, subject to mortgage.
Oakland: X3000. , i'^
Julia A. Bray (widow) to T *Vank and Dora
Lelsen, lot on NW corner of Lincoln and Wil
low streets, W 95 by N 23:8, being the S 23:6
feet of lots 14 and 15, block B, Oakland Point
Homestead Tract. Oakland: J10. _j
Herman and Nore Volgt to John Brannan.
lot on SB line of Howe street, 400 SW of Ma
ther, SW 50 by SE 125. being the NE half of
lot 8. block 6, Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
D H Carroll to John J. Carroll, lot on SB
corner of Louisa street and College way, K
67.80 S 138.69. W 67.55, N 137.04 to beginning,
lot 6. block 3, Sea View Park, Berkeley; 'SI.
Charles L. and Annie S. Taylor to Pacific
Improvement Company, that portion of tract
24 lying W of center line of St. Charles street,
if extended N through said tract 24 on Map
of Alameda March Land as partitioned in suit
No 8923, Pacific Improvement Company vs.
James A. Waymlre et al., quitclaim deed, Ala
meda; $10.
William J. Dlngee and William O. Henshaw
to W. T Harris, lot 14, block O, Major Given
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Martha J. "Wlngett to Home Bulldinr Com
pany, lfit 14 and SE 10 feet of lot 13, Map
of Keller's Rose Park, Oakland; $10.
Joseph H. Wythe to Margaret Wythe. lot on
S line of Fourteenth street. 200 W of West,
W 80 by S 100, lot 8 and portion lots 5 to S,
block 183 Kellersberger'B Map, Oakland; gift.
Lorenzo and Sarah F. Welch to R. J. Mc-
Mullen." lot on N line of Twenty-eecond (or
Charter) street, 638:1 Eiof San Pablo avenue,
E 50 by N 129:4V4, lot 40, Tuttle Homestead
Tract. Oakland; J10. - -
LUzie H. and W. C Orcutt to James T.
Eccleeton lot on NW line of Eighth avenue,
100 NE of East Fifteenth street, NE 50 by NW
150, block 71, Clinton, East Oakland: $10.-
Edward and Sadie ¦ M. Schmidt to William
Bowe, lot 8, block- 63,- Tract- B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
William Bowe to Miry Bowe, lot S, block
63, Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, subject to life interest
to first party. Berkeley; gift.
Mary Hanson to William Hanson, lot. on S
line of Wilder street, 425 B of San Pablo ave
nue, E 100 by B 120. being lota 13 and 14. block
C. Carrlson Tract, Berkeley: gift. . : ¦ .
Alameda County.
25 by 8W 100, block 289. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association, quitclaim
deed; 110. . ' - ,
¦ Adolph Sutro to Nathan TV Whltcomb, lot 48.
block C. Park Lane Tract: t225.# -.n f .-_- ¦-_
Theodora and Minnie Klrmsa to Mary Gor
man/lot IS. block I. De Boom Tract; $10.; ¦¦>
John J. Mclnnis to Mary Mclnnls, lot on NW
line of Bernal avenue (California street), 28:8
W from - SE corner of Preclta Valley lot 107,
"W 26:8 by:N 180, Preclta Valley lot 107; sift.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
13
jallfornia Standard
Caribou
BI - Dorado.........:
Four ...;..
Hanford
EJanford, Fresno, Kern River..
Home
Independence
Dion Oil Co...
WcKlttrlck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona; ¦.."....„
Monte Cristo ...:..
Dccldental (of West Virginia)..
Petroleum Center
Shamrock
Sterling- O. & r>. Co
rwenty-eiffht
tV'eetlake
ifukon
89
US CO
21
4 45
29
SO
40
41
140
63
20
120
2 60
2 40
II
67
805
40
113 00
4 50
.23
35
41
150
21
1 23
3 65
1 45
S9
DECEMBER, 1900.
M.IT. IW.IT. IF. |S.
Moon's Phases.
ZPZZDZ
©Full Moon.
r>ec«mber «.
10
M_ _][__•_ >cf Last Quarter,
FIT 14 13 December 11
u 1
U'
16 IT
~K 31
18 19 t0 a 2J A NeW Moon>
December g.
i JL-i^.— Flnt Quarter.
I* December 2S.
DECEMBER, 1900.
M.IT. IW.IT. IF. |S.
Moon's Phases.
ZPZZDZ
©Full Moon.
r>ec«mber «.
10
M_ _][__•_ >cf Last Quarter,
FIT 14 13 December 11
u 1
U'
16 IT
~K 31
18 19 t0 a 2J A NeW Moon>
December g.
i JL-i^.— Flnt Quarter.
I* December 2S.
jallfornia Standard
Caribou
BI - Dorado.........:
Four ...;..
Hanford
EJanford, Fresno, Kern River..
Home
Independence
Dion Oil Co...
WcKlttrlck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona; ¦.."....„
Monte Cristo ...:..
Dccldental (of West Virginia)..
Petroleum Center
Shamrock
Sterling- O. & r>. Co
rwenty-eiffht
tV'eetlake
ifukon
89
US CO
21
4 45
29
SO
40
41
140
63
20
120
2 60
2 40
II
67
805
40
113 00
4 50
.23
35
41
150
21
1 23
3 65
1 45
S9
tlOOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25e
to 51 per nifrhl; Jl 25 to J5 tmm- week, and light
hfuwkerp'.ng; open all night.
AUSTIN ave.. IG2-KU* sunny front room to
let; cheap.
lU-RNETT. U26 Market (old No! 12G«>— Fui-
r.Sshed rtns.. suite*, tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, KO (The Elk)— Renovated; nicely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; rla.y. 2lc up: week. SI BJ
up. MRS. P. KANFT.
BUFH. riSS— Nice sunny room, with running
water; also i=mall room, ?4. "
CLAY, 1<>?3-L8.rge furnished rooms; without or
with board; bath and telephone.
CLIFFORD, 104 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunry rooms; prices reasonable.
fiEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly Turnlshed.
rn-.g; suites or single; traveler* accommodated.
GE1RT, £J>6 — Corner houye; front rooms; other
rooms; piary. phone; privilege li^ht hskpg.
GRAND FOUTHF.RN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
pinple : ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HYDE. «0S— Sunny front basement suite. 115;
also rfar suite; yard; laundry: ?12.
LARKIN, 8194— Sunny furnished room, suiU-
ble for gentleman: gag, bath: reas.: private, j
LAS TALMAS. ISTO Market St.— Suite of Z or S j
rrrts. ; prtvnte; bath; sin. rrcs: board optional, j
*— ~-~™— —— — — —^^— i
MARKET. 10SB, above ehoe rtop-Clean tunny
roomg. double and single; come and see them.
McCLELLASD. SO0 Turk et.— Changed" hands ;
newly renovated; all rooms lacing either
Turk or Jcnes ft.; rent reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market St.— Nlcejy
fumiFhed rooms. $2 a week up; SSc a day up.
OTARHELL, 20— Sunny fumiehed rooms and
offices; elevator ; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
TOPT. 412\l— Sunny newly furnished; hot and
cold water; bath; one or two eentlrmen.
KOYAX, House, 1C6 EUls St.— Incandescent llstt;
maing-rocra, tracking-room and ladles' par-
!t; rooms, per night, S5c to SI SO; week. C to
$*>; month, is to $30: elevator on ground floor;
r->oms *.lth hot and cold water; baths.
nOSEDALE House, 219 and 311 Ellis ft.— Rooms,
night 25c to U, week $1 25 to H; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2$ Eighth St..
near Ma rket— FurnlsheJ or unfurnished.
SIXTH. U9A— Sunny rooms, double and single;
cat, fireplaces, ruTmlng water,
SIXTH. 1SS— Furnished suite of rooms. 6u!tab!e
for business; privilege of light housekeeping.
TENTH. 2S2 — A front bay window room, fur-
riiEhed; rent $5. » »•
TURK, lib— Front, runny furnished room, eult-
able fcr one or two gentlemen.
Tt'RK. SZ3 — S Punny front rooms, suitable for
demist or dressmaker.
CLASSIFIED a<5v*rtis*ments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH crfice for Call advertisements and
".':? r:r'./r.s has been established at 10S6
Valencia et.
ROOMS AND D0ARD7
SELECT family hotel: new interior: three spe-
cial dinners weekly? rates to establisn. S07
Celifcrala et.
BOARD and rocrns at 415 First tt.. near Har-
rlron.
ROOMS WAXTED.
SINGLE gentleman desires comfortable room
in private family; state particulars. Box 520,
'.Til Offl-P.
SPECIAL. XOTICES.
DAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
*'.% XTnritiromerv Ft.. room« 9-10; tel. 55S0. -
KEttiXfi HACHIXES AM) SWI'LIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
: a-.r'.rc lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, cold, rented, repaired; needle* and
6hutt>s; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds boupht. sold and repairing guaran-
teod. Charles Plarnbeck. !515 Mission, nr. Uth.
SLOT .MACHINES.
BOUGHT and cold; new and second-hand; large
<!i*play: very chrap. 1157 Market. bet. 7th & 8th.
STORAGE: AM) WABEBOOSCK
UEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 3840; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BHOS.. storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 752.
PACIFIC fctcrare and Furniture Movlnjr Com-
pany, rssi Flllmor- ft.: phone Jackson 281.
1 V I»K W U 1 TEttS ANU StVl'LlES.
CiREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEwKiTERS^-We
ecJl bettt-r machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $5. The Typewriter
Exchange. £2S California: telephone Main Mi
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: nny make.
Write for rrlcea to L. J. il. ALE ZANDER.
liO Momrornery *t.
DIVIOK.VO KOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dl-rtdend. So. 2*, of seventy-
five cents (73c) per share on the issued capi-
tal Ftock of the company has been declared
i*yable at the office of the company, 450
California *t.. San Francisco, on December
10. 1S00. Transfer books clo«e December 3,
1300. fit noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. Ill (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Ccmijacy will be payable at the office of the
company. ST7 Market St., on and after Satur-
day. December 1, 190C. Transfer books will
clcte en Saturday, November 24, 1500, at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON*. Feoretary.
proposals.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
tealed proposals will be received by the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 220 Sansome St..
fan Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a m
SATURDAY. December 8. IKK), and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
<Vr*. for furnishing and delivering quarter-
rr.aft«-r and cemmissary supplies for the Vet-
era rig" Home, Napa County, Cal. <railroad sta-
tion Touctville), Tor six months commencing
Janury 1. MMJ and er.dlng June 30, 1901. Sched-
ules with Information and Instructions for
cubmittlng bids will be furnished upon appll-
c&*ion by the underFlpned. Bidders will care-
fu!'.i,* follow the conditions of the schedules,
and no bid will be considered unlees it is in
accordance with such schedules. Each bidder
rr.uFt accompany his bid with a certified check
upon fnnn well-known and responsible bank-
ir.£ house frr at least 10 per cent of the
emour.t of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will rater Into a eood and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance me required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount wecifiM.
Addrecs J. J. 6COVTLLR, Secretary Board
of Directors cf the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, roctn 13, 220 Bansome St., San Fran-
cisco, CaL By order of the Board of Direc-
tcrs. • J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
TVTATtRIAGE LICENSES.
The fellow. eg marriage Iloenses were Issued
yesterday:
Leroy Reed. 22, 47 Hoff avenue, aad Pearl
P.&&£}bush, 19, Tejteka, Kans.
Andrew V. Mondial. 28, 11* Trenton street.
ar.d Pcrciliana Arechlga, 12. 11< Trenton street.
v f 6.*T.es 6. Glbner. SO. K1S Powell street, and
Allc* G. Burrowes. i6. 2 Cordelt place.
William F. McM*nomey, 8L 117 Third street.
tr.3 Margaret M. fJreves, 17, Oakland.
rrank A. Steward, 23. Santa Itoca, and Caro-
line A. Lauber. 21. SO Shipley street.
Joeephlnt. Cunningham. 24, 82 Natoma street,
arid Loretta Powers* 19, ft Nntoma street. '
Clarence L. Feuerer, 29, 1027 Green street,
end Mart* D. Van der Zwiep. 21, ::••<& Leaven-
wrotib >treet.
Ou-i O. D*hmrt, 13, 4S7 Guerrero street, and
Kath»Mina Hanslng, r3. 457 Guerrero street.
Enrico Fornl. £0, Sonoma, and {Catherine
R.i*bli. 13. ecnoma. .
Harry Le^-enson. 23. 1717 Oeary street, and
Carrie Jensen. 18. 204 Ellis street.
Eufreslo Michelottl. 29. Court land, and Maria
Michelottl, 22, Oourtland.
William E. Ruffner. SSjStockton. and H«irl-
>tta M. Keitlnc. 26. 109 walnut street.
' EIBTHS—MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices aad be
indorsed with tfce name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the aamo published.
BORN.
GOrcOH— Ia this city. JCor«OJb«r ». 1900. to
the wife of William Cough, a son.
WILLIAMSON— In this city, November M. 1900.
to the wlf • of Fred W. Williamson, a daugh-
ter.
MAEEIED.
BRETNTICG— WIEEE— In this city, November
ii. 1S00, by th» Rev. F. X. Doane. Carl Breirv-
'.:.k and eophl* A. Wlett, both of San Fran-
DEED.
Artorr, Mary McXeill, John H.
Brough. John Meyn, Martin
Bryan. A. I* Mle-I. Lawrence F.
Burns. Olea A. Miller. Robert
Cusick. Edward Moore. Vi'ilHam
Drucker. August Monaco. Dante •
Eckfeldt, William H. Monahan. Chas. A.
r*.ure, Ambrose Murphy, Daniel Jr.
fla&avaa. Edgar 3. Newby. Vlrsril L.
jcarR ana « mom-nis.
CTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
coapfl of the Goi.U n Cate Undertaking Com-
nat.y, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRYAN— In Adams Springs. Lake County,
Cal., November 30. WOO, A. U Bryan, be-
loved husband of Ada L. Bryan, and father
of Huch C. and Miriam A. Bryan, a native
of Illinois, aged 53 years. (Boston. St. Ixmls
and Cincinnati papers please copy.)
CTThe fureral will b« held at Napa
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock.
BURNii— In this city, November 29. 1900, Olpa
Alice, beloved daughter of Mrs. Alice Burns,
ond sleter of Maud and Percy Burns, a na-
tive of Woodland. Cal.. aced 15 years 9
months and ly days. (Woodland papers please
copy.)
ICTFuneral services at the residence, 3122
Was-hington ctreet. this day (Saturday), at 1
o'clock. Interment private.
CUSICK— In this city. November 30. 1S00, Ed-
ward Cusick. a native of Philadelphia, aged
Zi years.
DliUCKER— In this city. November 28. 1900.
at his late residence. 14i6 Kulton street.
August I>rucker. dearly beloved husband of
Rosa Drucker. and father of Mrs. J. E. Mac-
Xichcl. Mrs. A. W. Wilson, Mrs. F. W. But-
ler and August E. and Dr. George I. Drucker,
a native or Germany, aged 73 years and 10
days. A member of Doric Lodge No. 216. F,
and A. M.. San Francisco Chapter No. 1. R.
A. M.. Harmony Lodge No.- 13, I. O. O. I ..
Wsihalla Encampment No. 7. I. O. O. F., and
Bohemian Council No. 261. American Legion
of Honor. ':' '
CyFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
where service* will be held under the ¦aus-
pices of Doric Lodse No. 216. F. and A. M.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ECKTELDT-Ia this city. November ». 1900,
William Henry, beloved eon of William H.
and Emma Eckfeldt, and brother of Ethel,
Rendy and May Eckfeldt, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 12 years and 4 months. (Phila-
delphia, papers please copy.) - ••
jE^Friends and ac<juaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funera! to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
. of his parents, 1S20 Howard street Interment
i Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FAURE-In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember SO. 1'jOO. Ambrose Faure, a native of
France, ased 34 years. '•:
FLAHAVAN— In this city, November 29. 1900,
Edgar J., beloved ton of William H. and
Mary J. Flahavan. brother of Norlne. Oliver,
Snita. Butrom and the late William Fla-
havan. and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. James
Kilday, a native of Oakland. Cal., ased 11
years. •'. •
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1&07 Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, where ser-
vices will be held, commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment jprtvate.
GREMMLER-ln this city, November 29, 1900.
Jakob, beloved husband of Louise Gremmler,
and rather • of Conrad Gremmler and Mrs.
Marguerite Busch, a native of Germany, aged
79 years 2 months and 9 days. (Grand Island,
Nebr., papers i>lease copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday) at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Pcjst. thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriages.
HAUSMANN— In this city, November 30. 1900,
Raymond H., beloved son of Adolph and Cai-
. rie Hausmann. and brother of Laurence A..
Mabel and Frances Hausmann. a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months and 19
HEPS-In this city. November 30, 1900, Sarah,
belovtd wife of Henry Hess, and mother of
Albert. Theres,a. Bennle, Marlon, Cyril, Edith
and Kmanuel Hess, a native of California.
aged 44 years 3 months and 21 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funera: to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence S13 Oak street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
Hl'N'T— In this city, November 29, 1900, Mary
Jane Hunt, beloved mother of Maria and
Kate Hunt, a native of New York City.
C7FrifndB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 434 Fulton Btreet, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated, commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
KEEGAN— In this city, November 23, 1900,
Thomas J. Keegan, dearly beloved Bon of W.
E. and Margaret Rlppon, and brother of
Zeta M., W. Frank and Homer V. Rlppon, a
native of Sacramento. Cal., aged 24 yeara
and 4 months.
rryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundav), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, "&75 Haight street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a solemn high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commenclni. at 9
o'clock eharp. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KIRK— Entered to rest, in Oakland. Novem-
ber 29 1800, Charles Owen, beloved husband
of Julia Kirk, and father of Henry S.. Jo-
seph A., Clement P., Edward L-. Julian M..
Loretto. Kathryn G. and Rose Kirk, a native
of Ireland, aged 61 years 6 months and IS
CTThe funeral will take place this day
{Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 9S1 Fifth avptiue. thence to St. An-
thony's Church, where a polemn requiem high
mess will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
KL.EINSCHMIDT— In Alameda. November 30,
1900 H F. C. Klelnschmidt, a native of Ger-
many, aged tS years 4 months and 27 days.
LEDERLE— In this city. November 29. 1900.
Henry E. Lederle. a native of Germany, aged
'rnrf-"ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F- Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
LOWE— In this city, November 30, 1900. Doug-
las S. Lowe, a native of Iowa, aged 40 years
8 months and 25 days. .
McMAHON— In this city, November 30, 1M0,
Cornelius beloved eon of Felix and Mary
McMahon and brother of Charlotte and John
McMahon. a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years and 4 months.
McNEILL— In this city. November 30. 1900,
John Hector, beloved son of Josle and the late
John H. McNelll. and brother of Leslie Mc-
Neill, a native of Texas, aged 14 years 2
months and 7 days.
fETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
thls day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from hi*
late residence. 762 Post street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEYV— In this city, November 29. 1900, Xlartln,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Meyn,
father of John, Martin Jr. and Arthur Meyn,
and brother of Mrs. "W^Melns. a native of
Oluckstadt. Germany, aged 43 years 5 months
and "days. A member of Norddeutscher
Verein and Schleewlg-Holsteln Vereln.
irrKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(E"nday). at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1753 Stockton street, between Filbert
and Greenwich. Interment L O. O. F. Ceme-
»»i1rTl_ln thin citr. November 80. 1900, Law-
M^FVankIln. beloved, son of Mrs Marlon
Miel and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. IX T.
eulivan of Berkeley. Cal.. a native of Call-
fornla. aired 9 years 1 month and 8 days. •
SrFrlwid* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
/Sunday)' at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
den"e 2530 T^-enty-thlrd street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
„.. , rR r n thli November 29, 1900, Rob-
ert^MUleJ. a native of 6an Francisoo, aged
U E~T Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
JHundav) at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierki.. 957 Mission etreet. - be-
?weetT nfth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ,\ „_
MONACO— In this city, November 80. 1900.
rwinte beloved son of Llberata Monaco, and
brothe'rVf Luie and Nena Monaco, a native
of Eureka. Nev., aged 16 years.,
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at « o'clock, from the mortuary
chaoel of th« Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
panyT *4» Mission street, near Twenty-flrst,
interment prlvate-
UOVAHAN- In this city, November 29, . 1900,
r-harfe* A— beloved husband of Catharine
ilor^baa. a native of Palo Alto. OU.. aged 31
years.
MAORE— In this city, November 80. 1900, Wil-
liam Moore! a natlv* of Ohio, aged. 61 years.
MURPHY— In this -city. November 29, 1900,
Daniel Jr., dearly beloved son of Daniel and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMERS,
20 Flftn St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. •
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
- 17 and 2S Fifth St." Tel. South 167. ;
rr/HESAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
'Finest Equipment at Moderate : Rates.
ABTORQ— In this city. November 29, 1900,
Mary Astorg, beloved sitter of Elizabeth
Flynn an#.the late Patrick Flynn, a native
of County Coik. Ireland, aged 55 years. (Bos-
ton. Mass.. and Oakland. Cal.. papers please
ccpy • )
C7"The funeral will take rla.ee this day
(Saturday), et 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of th« United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
' street, thence to BU Joseph's Church, where
a solemn reqtilem high mass will- be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROUGH-In this city, November 80, 1900.
John, beloved son of Herbert and Elizabeth
Brousrh. a native of New Jersey, aged 18
Gremmler. Jakob . Pallero. Becondlno
Hausmann, Raymond Reynolds, John E.
Hess, Sarah Robinson, - Mary I.
Hunt. Mary J. Sanders, Amelia
K«ega.n.Thomaa J. Schaetz. Susanna
Kirk. Charles O. Shaw. Mabel P.
Klelnschmldt. II. F. Stone. Marian H.
Lederte. Kenry E. Valencia. William
Ixjwe. Dous-las S. Wlrth. Herny
McMahon, Cornelius Wolf. Miriam
THE 0, R. & R. CO.
DIBPATCH rAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From 6pear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADC t'2 First Closi Includlnf Berth
lAilL $8 Second Class and Meals.
OEO W. ELDER sails Nov. 29
COLUMBIA sails -..Dec. 4
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
, 630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on 'day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU ;
Thursday, December *. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December I?. 1900
Via Honolulu.
89. HONGKONG MARU
,...;.. Thursday. January 24, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
in* YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0KO0M. PA3IS.
Stopping at 'Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis....... .Dec. 5 St. Louis. Deo. 28
New York.. Dee. 1? New York Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 13 #
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, II noon.
Noordland .. Dec 51 Westernland ...Dec 28
Frlesland Dec. 12 Kens'ngton Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 191
For freight Rnd passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. . Or any of its agents.
ISCCfillSll^ <).L{J. ZEALAND M0 SYDNEY,
V VVUMM V 47a<J> V V» OI8ECT use to Tahiti
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)........*..
• ....-..; (...Monday, December 8, > p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti :
Tuesday. December 4, 4 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New ;.:
Zealand and Australia...
1 ..;...... Wednesday, -December 13, 9~ p. m,
.. O.SPKCHIS & BESS. CO., General Agents. 327 Vartet St
Beo'l f «88B,»r Offica. 6*3 Harttt SI., Pitr la, 7, Pacfc St
C0HPAGNI5 GENERALS TRANSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - JjM .^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at >* liHIiW-
10. am. from * Pier 42, North Rlrer, foot of
Morton street. • Flrst-cla? s to Havre. |39 and
upward. Second-class to Havre, $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. J2 Broadway (Hudson
building). ¦ New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Paeifle Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue,
San Francisco. " .
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "M on tlcello."
MON. Tues.. .Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m.(ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 P. m. and 8:30; Sundays, ,10:30 a. m.; 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE .......r. ........50c
EAILEOAD TBAVEL.
Leaves Ban Frandsco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYU....I:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
'¦'¦ Far*. Saa Francisco to Summit and Rotura.
fl «•.-•'
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI8 NOW OFBN.
Ticket offices. 121 Market st. 8ausalito Jr«rr».
•ODTHKRM PACIVIU COXPAJTBV
(FACmO STSTMI.)
Trains !•*»«• »¦•* **« «•••• •• mrrttm •<
MAN ritJINCMt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LXAva — Faovr Df ckmbxs 1. 1900. — itun
•7:00* Beoicia. Salstta. Elmira. V»c*TiBe,
Ramsey and Baenmsnto. ......... *T«43r
•7.OO a Shasta Express— Davis, Willlama (for
BarUett Sprfczs). WClows, Bed
Bluff, PorUawT..- n«4»»
•7>S« A Marline*. 8»n U»mon.V*lieJo. Hap*.
CalUtoga mod Hants. Ro»» *•<!¦••
•»:0O a Da»U. Woodland. Kaig&ta L»n«1rn>.
.\t*rn»il!e, Orotille.. •7»«3r
••iOOa Atlantis Kxpresa— Ofien and Bait *ft*i3r
•8r««ANfles, LI»ermor8, Tracy. LathroR
Stockton - *7ilSr
•SsBOa S»>i Juic. liTermors. Stockton,
. lone, Sacramento. Plaonlll*.
M*rj«tllle, CWca, Ked Hlnff MtlSp
•¦{l»AO»kdal»,CWnese,Sonora. Carters... M«I8p
«'J:O(»a Hajwinlj, Nile* sad Way Stations. Ml 1 1*4
•»:0»A Los Angeles Express — Martinet
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. Mereed .
7reano and Loa Ang-ntea TilSp
•Oi»n* VaUeJo, Martine* aoU Way SUtion» *»jt3?
•IU:«<»a The OTerUndLliMited-Ogden, D«a. •• ¦
ret, Omana. Chlcaga # f»«r
•11 <0O a KUes, Stock WD, .liorimrnto. M«n-
dou, Fresno. Hanfoxd. TbaUa.
ror*er*Ul« „........-,... *i«l»*
•lIr«Oi.UTermore. BaDrar. Goehen Jiin*.
tlon. Biiersfl-sM. Los Angles
tlit«p8aorauieutoUlTerate»mers fSiOOA
•3.O»r HajwatcU. Nllts »nd Way BUUonJ. *9i49p
*-li««r Mwtlnez. 8a» Ramon. VallsK __
Napa. UaII«t«fta. Sauta Ro»a •»!»»*
•4i*«rBanieia, Winten. 8*erauB«n»a,
WooUiaud, KnlgltU Laodiag, -
M.rjitille, OrovUl* M^iSa
MiSOp Barwards. Nlles and San .Tone jSmSa
•SrO«r Xlles. LlTexmore aad StoektOB •10:43.*
fSsOOvSaoset Limited. El ' P*»o. K»w _-¦
Orleuia and East «1»i13a
•5 s 00 f The Owl United— Ttmt, Frewo,
Bakenaeld. Sangus (or Saata Bar-
but, Lei Angles. •ItillA
•3i«op New Orlean* £xD(ess— BakenHald.
Santa Barbara. Los Anfelea. Dem-
tne. Kl Paw. Now Orlaaaa and
JUut *7t4»A
•0:00? H»f wards, Kilos sad Sad Jom *7>* •"» ?
iditOpVAllsJo ......Ilr4»i
••¦••r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cbeyenna.
.Omaha. Chicago *«a«Sp
*«t«Or Orioutal Mail— Ogdea. DenTer.
Omaba, Chieaca. *4tl9p
.*7:0«p0r«gouaod Calif orafa Kxr>ress,R«a.
ramauto. MariitlUt, Rsddtaf,
rortlami. Puget Hom.d and Kssk *8i«3a
•»i«3f8«a Pmblo. Port Coata, MarUaes
and Way Statlooa *11i4Sa
t»iO3r Vallflo «11i4»a,
COAST DIVISION (.larron Uaage).
(Foot 0. Murkat Street.) •
•StiaAN«wark.O<mtarTilla.S«aJ(Me.r*ltoii.
ISoulder Creek. Sauta Oras aad Way - .
SteUous ••i«»p
tail Sr Jfe»»rk, Ceater»ill9, 8»a Joie, New
Alan-leu. Fslton, Kouldtr Creek,
8»aU Crus and PrineipAl Way
SUliOvl* tll»l.1»4
M:l.1p Kanrk, Haa Joae. Ixm Oatoa •Sta**
alli45r Hunter* ' Exonrslon, Bam Jo«o sad
Vsy Sttttons t7t*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rruiin nmciaco— r».t .r Mirk.t tirttt (su> i>—
t7:lS 900 11:00a.m. 1:03 I.C3 BtS3r.M.
rrtaOtlURO— f«»l «f BtniwiT.— !*:U0 t3;0O t3:03
10:COi.it. 11-C3 8:83 t:C3 *3:C3f.i».
COAST D1TISION (Broad (bags).
(Thlrcl and Townseiul SU.)
-tS.IO^ Ocean View. Sooth San rraadaoo.. f«ta«r
•7;0»A 8au Joit and Way SUUuna (New
Almaden Wednesdais onli) *liSOp
•OiOOa 8»ti Joi* Tres Finos, Hauta Ctm,
Paoiflo OroT«. Paso Itobles. 8aa
Luis Ohispo, Snrf. Lompoe au<t
rrtnolpal Way Statlona _ Hil9»
•lOitai Baa Joee aad Way StaUons. •»¦»¦»*
•IIiSOa 8«n Joia and Wa> Sutloiii *3i20r
¦ failSr 3»a Mateo, Kadwood, Mania Pwk,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. 8au Jot*.
Tras Plaos. Santa Cms. SaJlaas.
Mouieroj ami Paeifle (Iiots...... fl«HS«A.
*SiSa>p flan Jose and Way Stations TiSap
fltlSp San JoseAii.lPrindpAl W&yStatlons *»i-13a
f3iQ«FS*n Jose, Los Gatos and Prfndpa! .
WaySUUoos 4»:OAa
•3sSAr8anJoaa ami Principal Way Stations •a.SSa
•Si3Op San Jose and WayStatiooa tS<«*A
«m»«3r flan Joaeand Way Statlopa.. ....... *7»3Op
A for Moniin j. Pfoi Afternoon.
'Daily. t Mnndtf (xeeptad. I Sunday snly.
g Mondays, Wadnesd«ys, Vrldays.
• TaasdAT*. Tbursdajs. aondara.
a 8atnrvUyyhlj
CALIFORNIA NORTDf ESTEKH RI. CO.
SAM FRANCISCO^rNDTioRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBUBON FERRY-FOOT 07 MARKST ST.
• San Franciaco to 6aa Rarfael.
WEEK DAYS— 1:30. *:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:35, «:30.
6:10. «:30 p. m. Thursday 9— Extra trip at 11:34
p. m. Satardayt— Extra trip* at liM and
11:30 p. m. •
EUXDATS— 8:00. 9:*\ 1JUCO a. m. : I'M. 1:30. 1:0a.
«:20 v- m.
San Ra?ael to 6an Francisco.
WEEK DAT3-«:10. 7:S0, >::0. 11:10 a. m.; 11:43.
8M0, 5:10.p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:5*
and <:33 p. m.
B'JNDATS- 8:10. 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. «:0S.
8:25 p. m.
Betw»co Saa Fr&ncisco and Sobo«tzan Park,
aamo scb«dule as abovt.
L**ve J In Kffact 1 Arriv*
Ban Francisco, f tie*. 1, 1900. I Eton rranctoetv _
"Week J Ban- I 1 Bun- | Week
Days. I days.; f D4«tlaatlon. [ days. 1 Days.
7:S0»m 1:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am S:« am
«:S0 pm »:30am Pataluzna. 8:05 pm 10:28 am
»:10 pm SM> pm Bajta. Boaa. 7:36 pra| S Jl pm
Fulton. I
t:30 am Wlndior. U>05 aa
Ecaldaburr.
Lytton.
Geyserrllla.
1:83 pm 8:00 am CloverdaJe. Tr»S pm *:O pm
7:30 ami I Hopland j
( 1:00 am| and Uklah. j 7:» pmf t:M pm
7-30 ami [10:25 aja
8:00 am GoemarrlXl*. fJJpen
>:30pm «iapm
7:20 am « :00 am Stmoma »:15am l>40am
and
j:10 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. «^» pm «:t» pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am] Il0:40 ara|10:» am
3:30 pmf t:00 pmf SebaatopoL [ 7:»5 pm| »:H pa
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Pulton
for Mtrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservllle for Skaggs Sprints; at Clovardal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Dunoaa
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvlH*, Carts-
bad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at tJklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sprlnls. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak*. Witter
SDrlags, Upper Lake. Pomo. Pottsr Valley.
John Day's. Rivorsld*. Lierley's, Backnoll's.
Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullrllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Uendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Weatport. Usal.
Wlllets. Laytonvlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olaens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rojind-trlp tickets at r«-
"on Sundays, roand-trlp tloketa to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half ratea- _
Ticket offlce. SCO Market St.. Chroalcl* build-
|q« It. X. RYAX,
H. C. WH1T1XO. Gen. Pass. Art.
G«n. Manaeer.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September SO. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAULET
AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS-«:53. *:\S. 11:00 a. m.. -1:4$.
t:15. 4:00. 5:13, H:T3, «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallay and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at »:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OQ, "10:00, »H:30 a. m., 1:13,
S:15, *"«:45. «:S0, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCI3OO.
WEEK DAYS- «:20, •«:», 7:45. 9:30 a. ox..
•12S0 1:45 *3:30, 4:30. 5^0 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. -S:^ 10:00. «U:45 a. m..
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45, *«:S0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from 8an Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALXJ5Y TO SAN FRXNCISCOl,
WEEK DAYS-«:45. »:45. 7^5, 9:30 a. m..
13:35. 2:10. 3:S». 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SU>'DATS-8:08. 10:05 a. m.. 1J.-05; J:l^ XM>
5:00. «:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:K a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta>
tlons.
8:00. a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta>
tlons.
Santa Fe
1^1*3. 1 H S~ —^ a Wy
L«a.v« Markat-atrMt ftrry Depot.
!/»«„ Baa Fraadsco.t 1:00 a m 4U* p ml 8:00 p aa
Ast. B&kUxrZZ. U:» P m 704 P m 11K» p m
J Mareed ........ »:4l P m lfl« a ca
- yresno 4:»pm \M a za
** Vlsalla .....~. (:00 p m 4:50 a ca
•• Hanford ...... f :M P m T:fl« a n»
" Bakeraneld ... I:W p m T:30 a n»
•• Denv«r ~. 10:00 a m "
•• • Kansas City... J:M P a>
- •• • Gnlcago ....... T:aO a m
• a. m. train Is th« Overland Bxpcasa. Con—
rpondlnj train arrives at • p. m. daUy.
4:10 p. m. ia Stockton Local. Corrwpondlag
train arrlT««.U:06 a. m. daily. _
' 8:00 dl m. la Fresno and Bakarsfl»id Ttijimay
• with Sleeping- Cars for both cities. Correapon*.
Ing train arrive* at 8 a. m. daily
OFFICES-W Market st. and to Tmr De»o»*
AULTnaciaoo: Uli Bro*dway. OakUad,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEiB5T.ST. £stabl!sht4
In 1S54 for the treatment of Prtvate)
Diseases. Lo*t Manhood. Debility or
il.tease wearing: on body and mfaid and
skin Diseases. The Doctor cwaawhen
others fail. Try him, Chargw low.
(nrrtrnaranlffd. CAllotwriW.
Dr. JT. *'. tilBHOX. ban Frandsco, Cat.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\- . Steamers leave Broadway
¦•t - wharf, San Francisco:
IGnw- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
fMOTk Dec. 2, 7, 12. 17. 22. 27, Jan. 1.
BytySW^ Change to company's steamers
f2$frVj»l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
JajBfeggjSffli C), Port Townsecd, Seattle,
r^^VBBU Taooma ' Everett. Anacorte*
and ew Whatcom (Wash.)— 11
- a. m.. Dec. J. 7. 12. 17. E, 21.
Jan.^1, and every Afth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. By.; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m,, Dec.
4, «, 14. 19, 24, 29, Jan. «.• and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Dtetro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Ang-eles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)-.Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Ckyu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a, m. ; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Eneenada, Magdalena. Bay. Ban Jose, del
Cabo, Mnzatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
, The company reserves the right to char.*?
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing-
without previous notice. • *
TICKET OKFICE-4 yCew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at. San Francisco.
OCEAN "TBAVEIi.
Mary Murphy, a native , of San Francisco,
aped 16 years 5 months and 28 days.
E7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his ¦ parents, 321 Guerrero street, > between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to Mission 1
Dolores Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NKWBY— In this city. November 29. 1900. Virgil
L.. only eon of Benjamin F. and Belle F.
Newby, a native of Dlxon, Cal.; aged 15 year*
5 months and 2 days.
IDTrlends may view th« remains at the un-
dertaking: establishment of H. P. Peterten &
Co., 228 McAllister street, this day (Saturday),
from 9 a. m. until 1:30 p. m. Body will
be shipped to Dlxon on the 4:30 p. m. train
for interment. Funeral services will be held
at Dlxon Baptist Church to-morrow (Sunday),
at II o'clock.
PALIERO— In this city, November 30. 1900,
. Secondlno, beloved husband of the late An-
¦ netta Pallero, a native of Italy, aged 62 years.
REYNOLDS-In this city, November 29, WOO.
John"E., beloved son of Thomas and Emma
Reynolds, and brother of Mrs. R.' Whalte and
William, Llllle. Joseph and Gertrude. Rey-
nolds, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
I years.
ROBINSON— In this city. November SO, 1900,
Mary Irene, beloved daughter of the late John
and Mary Robinson, sister of Mrs. Maggie
- Griffin and John E., Charles and Georee W.
Robinson, and cousin of Mrs. Katie Coghlan.
a native -of -San Francisco, aged 27 years 9
months and 14 days. .
ETTtlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 166S Poet street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SANDERS— In this city. November 80. 1900,
Amelia, beloved wife of John Banders, and
mother of Henry, Solomon. David. Belle and
Rose Sanders, a native of Germany, aged 60
years and 3 months. (New York and Grass
Valley papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintance* are< respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1634 Ellis street, near Btelner, and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery for Interment.
SCHAETZ— In this city. November 80. lflOO. Bu-
sanna Schaetz (nee Raabe). dearly beloved
wife of John Schaetz, and mother of Lau-
rence Schaetz, a native of Hessen, Germany,
aged, 26 years 1 month and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Rothea Kreutz Unterstutaungs Vereln.
tn^Friends and acquaintances are ' respeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor* of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Intermerft Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
SHAW— In Los Gatos. November 28, 1900. Ma-
. bel . P., beloved wife of Charles H Shaw, a
native of California, aped S3 years. .-¦•¦¦¦
IE7" Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral this day (Saturday),
at 1 o'clock, at mortuary chapel, Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . . .
STONE— In this city. November 29. 1900,
Marian H. Stone, a native of San Francisco.
ared 40 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
narlors of Chas. H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Ma-
son ft., between Geary and O'Farreil. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
VALENCIA-In this city. November 29, 1900,
William Valencia, 3early beloved son of the
late Elizabeth Lemmon, brother of Laura,
Thomas and Fredle Lemmon, grandson of
Joseph ScheldeUr, and nephew of Joseph.
Echeldeler Jr. and • Mrs. "William Banks, a
. native of San Francisco, aged 17 years 11
months and 4 days. ....
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandfather, Joseph Scheldeler, 105 Carp
street, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
. en Gate avenue, near Jones street, for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
1 WIRTH— In South San Francisco, November
30, 1906, Herny Wirth, a native of Indianapo-
los, aged 35 years and 10 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking: Company.
1209 Mission street, between ElKhth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOLF— In this city, November 29. 1900, Miriam,
relict of the late Morris Wolf, and beloved
mother of Simon and Jake Wolf. Mrs. J.
Newman and Mrs. M. Samuel, a native of
Germany, aged S3 years.
•CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funsral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, at the residence of Mr. M.
Samuel, 1442 Fulton street. Interment Hills
of Kternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. - - .THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, 7 SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN PRONOUNCING FINAL ABSOLUTION.
of the- Rev. Aloysius .Varsi, a pioneer of
the Society of Jesus In this State, arrived
here on the 12:28 train .to-day. At the de
pot' the faculty of the Santa Clara' Col
lege, headed, by Rev. Father Robert E.
Kenna,' S.'J., 'president of the college, and
the entire student body, received the re-
THE last services in memory an-I
honor of the late Rev. Father
Aloysius Varsi. the priest wlu
was one of the pillars of St.
Ignatius, were held this morn
ing in that house of worship,
which he had been Instru
mental in building. Priests intoned the
mass for the dead; the. odor of incense
mingled with the perfume of flowers— last
tributes from sorrowing friends, 'the bier
¦whereon reposed the remains of the aged
Ft-rvant of the church was covered with
fragrant blossoms and the sanctuary was
crowded with mourners.
Many and beautiful were the floral of
ferings that literally covered the casket
oontaining the remains of the eminent
Jesuit.
Th«» churrh service was very simple,
but. nevertheless, most impressive, as the
entire parish attended to pay homage u>
the memory of their beloved priest. Th<>
low mas?, celebrated by Father J. P.
Triedon. superior of the Society of Jesus,
¦was ail the more affecting- through the
;I wish 1 to inform the public that the
Diamond Palace will be open. every even
ing during the month of December and
specially Illuminated. My stock of dia
monds, watches and Jewelry is complete
and the prices below any house on the
coast. All are invited to call. 221 Mont
gomery street;
Seven .were; examined yesterday morn
ing, as follows: J. M. Levison.J. F. Ford.
Henry Goldstone.G. O. Mattson, J. Dem
ing, M. A. Livingstone andC. A. Hawkins,
who .was accepted. 1 ; : The jufy who will try
the case' is. composed of:'v\V. J. Sherwood,
214:Markefstre»t;'R.S. Atkins. 123 Mont
gomery street: H. :e. Brodek. 223 Califor
nla^street; H. H.-Tracey, 1D1 •Fremont
street; *L. Thors, . Phelan- building; Ed
Cohn, ; R16 Market, street: James. A. Eve
leth.^422-Front street: D.-W. H. Lohsen.
1R12 Scottstreet; W. rj. Pattoslen. Mission
and Slxteenth->trcets; John Bouse. Mills
building; .Charles Zlnkand. 927 Market
street, and C. A. Hawkins, 300 Post street.
Aa soon agthe jury was sworn in Attor
ney^ schooler for the defendant moved for
fwdismlBHnl j on thrc technical ground that
x no ', defendant s wan not ' present when the
case was ( *et for trlnl, having been In San
Quenttn. Th« Judge denied the = motion,
remarking that It had been made too late
The twelfth juror for the second trial of
AlberfHonT 'on the. charge- of murdering
, Mrs.. Mary; A? Clute. was: secured yester
day morning,- and the Judge, counsel and
jattachesof the .court! breathed a sigh of
relief. ;• The .examination of t jurors began
on November,^ 21, and since " then 225 had
been examined out of 660 summoned.
cured Out of Seven
Examined.*--- ¦-
Tht: Twelfth Member Se-
JURY ACCEPTED
FOR HOFF TRIAL
The Francesca Relief Society of St. Ig
natius Church, San 'Francisco, was repre
sented by .a delegation of fifty ladles,
headed by Mrs. Andrew J. Welch. Among
these -were: Mrs. Dr.- -Luke -Robinson,
Mrs. Cyril Williams, Mrs. George "Knox,
Mrs. P. J. White, Mrs. Hurtel. Miss Julia
Gateley, Miss Laura Brenhain, Miss Nora
Sullivan,- Miss Harriet Skidmore, Miss Eu
genia Peyton; Miss L. Harvey. Mrs. Ber
gln and daughter. 'Miss May Tobln, Mrs.
R. O'Brien; Mrs. A. Whittle, Mrs. Wilson,
Miss L. McKlnnon. Mrs.". Brennan and
daughter.Mlss F.-Mayn, Miss Rlley. Miss
Donohue,' Miss Mellss • and. Miss N.
O'Brien. ' •
Among .the members of the Gentlemen's
Sodality : and others in attendance were:
Messrs.' /A. ' Yoel,' A. Brady, Dr. G. F.
Douglas. Joseph. H. Dignan, John Cooll
nan,- Michael Kelly, Francis Cleary, John
O'Garaiand wife,, John ;Devine, Edward
McLaughlln; John McGettlgan and Ed
ward Lent. ¦ '.• ». . '
• The following clergymen were. In attend
ance: ,Rev. F. P. Frieden; S. J., Rev. V.
Tesla, S. J., Rev. J. Sardi. S. J.. Rev.
Father Brown, Rev. Father Raphael, O.
S.- F.,< Rev. t D. J. Crowley of San Fran
cisco, <Rew J. ; Maguire\of San Jose, Rev.
D. Jacobl, Rev.' J.- Haven Richards of Los
Gatos, Rev.' Joseph Sasia. S. J., Rev. John
D. Wai she. Rev. William Melchers. Rev.
J. F. Collins. Rev. M. McKey nlid Rev. A.
Jacquet of San Jose. . V
mains." The funeral cortgge proceeded
from the station past the massive hall of
Santa Clara College, a triumph to the en
,ergy and untiring devotion of Father
Varsl to the Interests of church and col
lege work. At the Jesuits', plat in the
Catholic Cemetery ¦ impressive services
were. conducted by Rev. Father Frieden,
superior of. the Jesuit order in the State
of California. '.. • • •
Mr. Cannon was asked for an expression
of opinion on the recent political* fight.
"On, I don't know anything. about poll
tics now," he replied. "You see. I have
lost track of It since I left Congress. My
eon Is still quite a politician, though.'"
The son referred to is Joseph G. Cannon
of Illinois, who has for many years rep
resented his State in Congress. In re
gard to the new Salt Lake-Lou Angeles
railroad, which Senator Clark is promot
ing. Mr. Cannon "thought the line was
now assured, although up to a few weeks
a^o he doubted very strongly if the road
would #>ver be r built. :- - .
"I was interested a.t one time In Just
such a road as Clark. 1s going to build,"
said Cannon, "and if It had not been for
the death of my ; eon. Newton, " I think
there would be a road . between Lob An
geles and Salt Lake to-day. My son was
to have managed, the line. .In -fact.-, all
the plans were in his hands. When he
died I didn't feel able to; take hold of
such a big undertaking. alone, so the mat
ter was dropped." •
. Cannon was one of ttae first; emigrants
to Salt Uke. He was born In Liverpool,'.
England. At a constitutional convention;
held in Salt Lake City in JS72 he. was
elected a delegate to present the constitu
tion and memorial to Congress • for • th*
admission of Utah Territory Into the;
United States. He was a delegate from
Utah to; the. Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth
Congresses and in the Forty-seventh Con
gress hie election was declared illegal be
cause of his religious -beliefs.
George Q. Cannon; Mormon and former
Congressman, arrived In this city yester
day arternoon from Salt I-ake City. He
Is on his way to Honolulu in search of
rest and a change of climate. Cannon is
a very distinguished looking gentleman,
short . of stature, with almost silvery
white hair and goatee. He begged to* be
excused from an interview at the Palace
last, evening. . saying .that . his trip here
was purely one of pleasure. and rest.
CANNON, A NOTED
MORMON, IS HERE
H§ Arrives Prom Salt Lake
City on His Way to
Honolulu.
The funeral was under the direction of
the Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church, assisted by the Ladies' Sodality.
Me*nbers of both societies in carriages ac
companied the remains to the depot at
Third and Townsend streets, where the
casket was placed In a funeral car an-1
taken to Santa Clara for burial. The fu
neral train was made up of two coaches
and the car containing the remains, and
a large number of friends accompanied
the remains to their last resting place.
The pallbearers were chosen from ..the
absence of the ceremonials of the high I
mass. The full choir rendered in a touch
ing manner Mozart's Requiem and as the'
de^p tones .of the organ rolled forth and;
tdended with the sweet voices of the
singers many of the congregation shed
tears. . • .
- Archbishop Ricrdan- was- present- and ;
assisted Fathers Frieden, Kenna and
Rapgio In giving the absolution. The pas
tori? of all the parishes in San Francisco,
were attendants at the service, as were ,
also mourners from the various' colleges
and parochial schools presided over by,
the Christian Brothers, and priests from
both the Franciscan and Dominican or
ders came to pay honor to the memory of
the dead Jesuit. >¦••-..-- i
members of the Gentlemen's Sodality and
"were as follows: ¦ ¦¦¦...
.Captain A. J. Dunleavy, Richard'O'Drls
coll. John Welbank, Edward Haynes, Dr.
Stephen Cunningham, Frank Cleary;- M. ;
H. Kelly and Thomas .Klston. : ¦¦-* i •
-SANTA CLAHA, Nov. 30.— The -remains'
to be of any effect, as the proper time- to
make it should have been when the case
¦was set. Schooler took an exception,
which was noted. The case was then con
tinued till Monday morning, when the tak
ing of evidence will be commenced.
During the examination of jurors the
defendant peremptorily, challenged nine
and the prosecution five, leaving eleven
peremptory challanges for the defense
and five for the prosecution.
Holt has apparently lost his nervousness
and was as pleased as .anybody that the
jury had at last been secured. - He looked
almost cheerful when' Hawkins was ac
cepted. Captain Seymour has made every
preparation for the trial, and all the wit
nesses will be on hand Monday morning.
Mass Is Intoned by the Clergy/ WhdcUni^
Brother, While the Odor of Incense ; Mingles. With the Perfume of Many
Fragrant Flowers Sent by the Friends of the Dead Servant of 'the Ghureh"
IN THE CHURCH WHICH HE WAS INSTRUMENTAL IN BUILDING
FINAL FUNERAL SERVICES ARE HELD OVER THE REMAINS
OF THE LATE JESUIT PRIEST, REV. FATHER ALOYSIUS VARSI
14
I store open to-nigHt. |
ladies' and children's hosiery. m 'JJe' Hfoa*
our hosiery stock is a source of. pride, it was gathered carefully
—selected with rare good judgment and taste, qualities, styles and
prices are absolutely, right, a liberal icduction is allowed on hosiery
bought by the dozen.
200 dozen boys' extra heavy seamless
fast black cotton hose in the popular _^-3u*~bbt /^ •'
corduroy rib— Hale's celebrated iron -^\^k Sf/~}lj v'- V -
thread goods— made of hard twisted /^>/ \J?Jw \Vv •
elastic yarn— extra double knees— reeu- \J^ //f fe Lj^ & V)
lar 20c. value — now, per dozen $1.90 — >ii/lfi# /I* V^^mT
per pair -..17e *^vf#X [^ *^L -
600 pairs ladies" imported fancy polka Y*/X\^ i 5 *"^*^
dot hose— assorted slate grounds with , /w*Y\\?\^p\
large black polka dots — the verv latest Jfjil jj! V^*^
novelty — all sizes — 8j4, 9 and Q r A — resru- £&£} Jf r
lar 35c value — now, per dozen Jf 2.OO — r?jr * •*
per pair 25c
perfumes and articles for the toilet table.
many who, prompted only by curiosity, came into this department
the first time are now retoilar customers, no better proof of the ad-
vantages of buying here is necessary- Hudnut's 20th century toilet
hints free at the counter.
Myrka face powder— a splen- blue seal vaseline in four
did preparation for beautifying ounce bottles — each 8c
the complexion, per box... 25o Hudnut's famous white rose
Colgate's elder flower soap — perfume in bulk or by the bottle
three cakes for 25<; 50c
l^v Hudnut's extreme violet talcum pow-
(&jmgi\ der — per box 5Oc /^^S
t^& large bottles of florida water — each \?5' f i?y
|~E|j fancy baskets containing two bottles B^^9r
of perfume in assorted odors— each.OOt; UrTLVjj
fc^jfe^g?* Hudnut's violet sec toilet water — ner $f\ /j^
dressing combs with sterline silver 1 * 1
Wr^^XX^ backi: — eacn .. .45« 3ca&2ZL*{ '
fcM . Tappan's perfumes— assorted odors--
i&^^w^f P er ounce • • • • •• • V- • • • ... .-oft ¦j&irji.'L,
HgTS^^ : violet talcum powder — per box . . . . 5<* -." V* ™rm*
r^^fc^i^^ Hale's saponaceous tooth powder and V" I T* £m f
Xfair" j*w» tooth brush combined— only . . . . . . 1 *>c
store open to-nighti^^^Zf^oftoys and dolls
the immense display of new and improved toys and dolls and the
remarkably popular prices are the noticeable features at toy and doll
headquarters, that's here. • *
upholstered doll buKKies— -each : easel blackboards— each... .65c
.:. <:'.. ¦ . ..¦. : -. ; -V.\ ''¦;..- : i'W.;: ...-. -.¦;;. 91 •*•»». 7" dolls' willow reclining chairs —
toy carpet sweepers— ea. . 15c each . . ... ....*.. 25c
; doll : bureaus with: mirrors— steam engines with pile-
each . :.; . . ......:......; . . «9c j driver — ea^h OSc
upholstered shoo flies— each upright *team engines— each
. .... . . . ; . . . .;;. ;;¦¦: ::;. . . : . 05c : ......: . . .08c
7 '••'¦ : '^fc'. !"> 7r; dolls' upholstered go-carts— each. $2.S5
- ' gj \ ; ; ,.-;2i inch willow rocking-chairs — each ,.91«^O
JHi : buck and saw — only. . . ". 4J)c
iPslfef 1 24 inch sideboards— each .
«t*~**~*^£r »S 1 1 II j!?jIS "'a 1
S^|"if toy coffee mills — each..lOc dr^l^^T^V&SSr^
fancy willow doll cribs — y Wz&&j J W&I
each ....^....... -'*»c F^v^^jFH
»S!S^^>>S!/ doll swinsrs — made bv Iff- , -|'\ f ¦» .
Jjratf|fK < <^' dian? — each - 2."»e / \ 1 > J s
skin horse; with saddles — !*£/ -»<w-*
¦=..^38^-: e ach .......... ....$1.10
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Cate avenue.
Warner
the great composer- of "Der
Ring Des Xibeluntreii." which
j ..has just been sung hereby the
Grau Opera Company, shortly
before. his death wrote to Mr.
•Steinway of Steinwav & Sons
ss follows: HfiSSB
PATREUTH. 1S79.
My Dear Mr.. Steinway: Our
rreaut tone : masters, when writ-
ing' the grandest of their crea-
tions for the pianoforte, seem to
have had a presentiment of the
ideal erand ¦ ;r»ano, as now at-
tained .by yourselves. A Bee-
thoven Sonata., a Bach Chro-
.matic.s F^ntas»ie. . can only r>«
jTullv appreciated when rendered
urfo'n one 'of your pianofortes.*
Although I do.not.posseps.the
dlghtest devterity in pianoforte.
pla\'ing,/-I delisht in bHnp.abl"
to do Jufstice- to your assumption,
of my inborti and cultivated
Fcr.se of tone. For sounds of.
*uch beauty as- those" coming
froth my Strinway grand flatter .
end coax ..he most agreeable -
toiie-picture^ Irom my harmonic
rneJoalc ' sense?. - -->... :
In a word. -I find your grand
piano of wondrous beauty. It
is a noble work of art.
RICHARD WAGNER.
Since Wagner's time the
Steinway Piano has been
greatly improved, so that to-
day it is the embodiment of
absolute excellence in Diano-
making.
You are cordially invited to
visit the Steinwav salesrooms
of Sherman, Clav & Co.. who
arc the Pacific Coast dealers.
Steinways . are sold on
ea?y payments when "desired.
Sherman. Clay &Co.
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and gutter ate™ S. F.
KCor. T2th «n<l Broadway. OaJtland.
Cor. P«rk A Washington, Portlt.nd.'
Til fieoond a venue." Seattle.
FRENCH SARDINES in Oil. Vx
tins, good iresh fish, reeular
15c 1O«
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, larjre bot-
tle, regular 65c .55c
SUGAR CORN, silver sorav.
very small, sweet, reeular 15c. .10c
CALIFORNIA STRING
".? BEANS, new crop, recrular
15c can lOc
SCHEPPS' FRUIT PUD-
DING, all flavors, just in time'
for the '. holiday season,
regularly I2}4c .3 for 25c
SCHEPPS' COCOANUT. ilb
pkgs, regularly 30c each. .2 for 45c
CHINA SPICE SETS. blue
decorated, and lettered, for
1 kitchen use, 12 in set. resrular
$1.75 •«. ...91.40
CHINA CEREAL COFFEE
AND TEA JARS, blue dec-
orated and lettered, 8 in set.
regular $.1.75 $3.00
CHOICE ZINFANDEL in .
quart bottles,. 5 years old.
regular $3.00 ; . . . .$2.50
WHISKEY— O. K. BOUR-
">' 5ON, regular per bottle $1.00
3 bottles for 92.00
BENT'S WATER CRACKERS.
regular 65c per 2lb tin. ....... .45e
COAL HODS, black varnish,
gold rim —
No. 16. regular 33c 2."»c
No. 17, regular 40c i 3Oc
- No. 18. regular 50c .4Oc
DOOR' MATS, extra brush—
No. 2, regular $1.25 ftOc
No. -3. regular $1.50........ .gl.lO
No., 4. regular $1.7.=?.... '..?l—3
WASH BOILERS. Copper bot-
No. 7. regular $2.1*0. . . . . .9t«6O
No. 8, regular $2.40 #1.O(»
'' No. 9. regular $2.65 .".;.... $2. lo
Delivery free on boats or cars.
No extra charge for packing. Send for
Catalogue.
It takes a brave man to fight a battle
that he is reasonably sure of losing.
With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis-
key la a \-ery ponular drink.
The wisest man mixes a few grains of
folly with his wisdom.
tHcs Bt01l * Tt9 US*/ E3I0 \s&f 'BBUf
; SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 18 lbs $1.00
Spreckels* Beflnlcg.
Best Eastern Hams, lb 12c *
Sugar-cured. Regular 14c
Finest Creamery Batter, square. 40c
Fine Butter Is Our Motto. Recnlar 55c.
Choice Point Reyes Butter, square 35c
Regular 43c
Port and Snerry. 8 years old, bottle 25c
5 Botttea |1. CO. Regular 40c. Bot.
Mocha and Java, Our Best Coffee, lb 25c
Regular 33c lb.
Teas, New Arrival, lb : *0c
English Breakfast. Oolonr.
Uncolored Japan. Spider Leg.
Rezular 60c lb.
Duffy's Pure Malt WMsiy 75c
Best City Eggs, dozen We
From the Mission. Regular 45c.
Petaluma Ranch Eggs, dozen 25c
Macaroni, Vermicelli, Spaghetti, boi 20c
WhiteTherri^? 2Mb can 20c
Regular 25c.
I Eitra Choice Black Figs, lb. — .5c
Regular 10c lb.
Martin's Eastern Cheese, lb 15c
Regular 25c.
Bromangelon Dessert Jelly. 10c
Regular 15c Dkg.
J. H. FMenger Prunes, lb 5c
Finest of French Prunes—
25-lb. Box $1.25. Regular 19c Xb.
Old Kentucky Whisky, gallon. $2.50
. Rye and Bourbon. « years old.- Regular $3 50.
Sapolio, 4 cakes Z5c
Hnlle d'OHve, I gallon 95c
Imported from Marseilles.
France. Pure. Regular $1.15.
Scotch and Irish Whisky, quart bottle. .$1.00
Imported. Regular 11.23.
Cigars Cut— R«nown 7 for. .¦ 25c
Humboldt. Sanche* and Haya, Belmont and
all leading brands. 12Hc size for 10c.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS '
Can take advantage of these special sales.
We ship free of charge within 100 miles.
Ask for monthly price list. free.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 232. Xo Branch Stores.
The "DAM" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas j^Wjf
Easy and Comfortab'o. *s5f-"s£s£r
Price $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHFtOCK,
10 flew Montgomery Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
rrms well-known and rkliable old
I Speclallxteure* Blood Pnlson.GonorrbOM.GIfet,
fttrlrtur*. H*.mln»l Weakness, Impotrocoand their
allied Dlanrdsrs. Book on Di*ea<t<»i of Me-., free,
Over20year»>xp«r1«»nce.TernM reasonable. Hoar*.
9to3dally;«:.10tnS.33ev'(rs. fiqndayn.ioto 13. ConnuN
tatlonfreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. RO8COE McXTLTY, 31. D.
SO y x Kearny St., San FraacUcs, C«V
i t^i^n K'l&iwi X IJ*&' «*^V ** I^nP. m"<llum and short lergths: come In
*i 1 "fen 'r*Kri"*9l\'l 'flt^ fl3P ¦ "'" t!lff I1PW " coIorl! ' lncluOIng white and
M I flUi @^^ft •• Children's Cloaks.
~&531. f ( i f w8ts (A s l) S^^kI' if^Wl Made of all--arxil matprials; rorao In v:\
' WiS'tflilJ W'i K«S«J5f<^SK« and "new blue; Mzes 2 to S years: reffiilar
liis^llffi I \i Itrisxi. £1nKw\ rric< " ?4; l0 hc closed at ------ <CQ 7(1
i^ \ \>\ P » J 'Blffii I l**kdl?$ «3ifiSM * Among the cloaks on «alp to-day are
V^5 s s k " ft ¦ • Kllim • /reiCT^ W^«R about fifty- Automobile Children's Jackets,;
rtnc^/j^^^Jwfc^T^H^^^^^ Your lns '" >rtIon ° f th1s llttle lot wiu mean
\\/ „ ___ 9 _' A5k/<^T^»4-*-> • "Women's- Silk and Lisle FlnlBhed -Hose,
-.Women s Waists. ! ?f?.th;\^s^s&^25c!
Made of ail-wool French finished flannel: Women'e . : Cashmere ¦ Hose, '" full' flnlrtied;
all colors: -lined, throug-hout; Cr | - APZ' good ; 35c 'quality; on sale at (){>/->
worth *2. 2S; on sale, to-day ax tpIttO .....; ....!.... Pair Jm<9\*
V'.'. "-• ¦ :• CHILDREN'S , , KLts -WOOL.' ¦? FINE
1 ¦¦'•¦' imSli - : ' ' ninUKD HOSE; all Blzes; full finished;
.* regular 3 pairs for $1: on sale at QRq
Silk Waists. Women^s and i Children's
.e^^^^u^K^ed^^ GOWnS: .
day: price remains the same «JO OS -¦ "WTomen's .* Flannel c Gowns, cut ytfZr' ¦
to-day.::.:.....:...;....: <J>O»^itF , w i,j e and 'long;, on sale at.......; ."*.Oy '¦
These waista are' tucked i -all' over "and" ', .\Vcmen's ' • Best ' Flannelette -*7 f\f
made of beet taffeta. Gowns, neatly trimmed; on sale at . '* MV'
Flannel Wrappers.' -^-^ ; ' " . :, n ;
i Another flannel wrapper. eale.. We have ', "rW..--'-- vvrv.
on hand about £00 women's flannel. wrap-; accordlnc to size." •' x '
per*; . bretelleH,. collar ! and cuffa ¦ trimmed' - ¦ - • •
.'with. braid;, skirts .flounced or plain; -our • w\'-' ''.' •••-• ' ' : £> - - • • <
rrcular r-nce Is SI 25; we place QA r I IrACCI tit ft S^irnifOC '
them on sale to-day at..... oUC: mJl C^^Billj OOtl|UC3.
-SUes 32 to ; 44. ' " ¦ ' ¦-¦ ¦'-' -••¦^-- v-.'T-j , " ¦" ,
Jt>st received, another lot of pink and blue ¦
Also place on * alp a lot of better quality : eiderdown dressing 'sacques;' crocheted
flannel wrappers; among them are some edge; same that were: aold; out last- week-
worth as high as J2 25; on C] nguin on sale; this time at a still .A CS^
sale at ........ «J> I ttO lower price T"OC
7— One Big Special in Women's
> C IA A \f i s- Wool^yests.
VjOlU dnU VelVet- Come.ln pink and white;; long sleeves;
. all Blzes; regular $1 25 quality; on Off A
Rplf-Q / Mle at ' - w. -^vp
*JKsM*,&» _ - On exhibition in' our display windows are
,. ' ':'l},, -,', A ¦ . '• aboct*. ten "-different.- bargains.*. In.-. Women's
Velvet Pulley Belts,, trimmed with si* and Children's Winter". Underwear. ¦ Buy-
rowB gold braid; sold all over, at A fSf, . . ing to-dar'. will gave "you at least 20 cents
76c; our price to-day;.... ;-7OW| on every; dollar.: ;:
I2i2ri2i4 viarket Street, B tzz^ *,»„:
MAIL 'ORDERS RECEIVE? CAREFUL' ATTENTION.
Hale's.
Jgala'aL