SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 24, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 54.
WITH THE DISTRIBUTION OF MANY HANDSOME MEDALS AND PRIZES AND CORONATION
OF ADOLPH STRECKER, THE GREATEST OF ALL MARKSMEN, THE THIRD NATIONAL SHOOTING
FESTIVAL COMPLETES ITS COURSE OF TEN DAYS AND ENDS WITH MUSIC AND A DANCE
SHOOTERS WHO CARRIED OFF THE MOST VALUABLE ' PRIZES ' OF THE . THIRD . NATIONAL BUNDES > FEST,
WHICH WAS BROUGHT TO A SUCCESSFUL CLOSE LAST NIGHT AT SHELL MOUND PARK AFTER TEN ; "
DAYS< CONTINUOUS SHOOTING. ¦'"¦''/?.': : " • : . . L v . '
Continued on - Page Two,
;»i : Li^Continued on. Page Seyen. ; -
; A needless delayjof^ two -hours 'tired the
patient but , closely ; packed * crowd. 1 The
distribution should ¦ have been j In the ring
surrapnded • by the : grand stand. - Dollar,
their shells for a 5 long and well-earned
rest. .' ¦ ¦' ¦ " ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦- ¦¦-¦ ¦•'": ¦¦/".- . ¦ / . ¦/-
Distribution of Prizes. •-
?• The shoot over, the; next i event on the
programme was the distribution of prizes.
Crowded to; more than its -capacity, .the
gallery overlooking. the, ranges was choked
with spectators, ' who ' kept | an ; . anxious
watch on the; prizes set out before J them
on tables | in [ the 7 space immediately, back
of | the stalls.' t On f tables ., the gold
and silver and the "cups and 'trophies, or
naments .;and medals' had;.,' been . arranged.
The . temple ' of -gifts depleted and . bare of
Its shining and valuable" prizes 'was but' a
skeleton; of ;,its < former r. self.; "', The v . prize
wealth of .the, f est ;.was, ; spread • but j like a
dinner and ready ) for: disposition^ % ¦
THE Third National Bundes Shooting
Festival rounded its last lap at Shell
Mound Park yesterday and broke the
tape In a straggling finish. Precisely
at 12 o'clock the targets shot nether
ward and the \ ten days' shoot for
prizes amounting to thousands of
dollars and for the greatest national rifle
honors came to an end. When the closing
hour arrived there were a few irrepres
sible rifle fanatics at the butts. They
were cut short In their operations, and for
the first time since July 14, the date of the
opening of the festival. Shell ' Mound . at
mosphere enjoyed a rest from the;punc
turing rifles" as they 1 sputtered and dis
gorged their leaden missives: There will
be an epilogue to" the festival ¦ to-day, i a
banquet at Schuetzen Park. .Then the
visitors , will leave . for " their homes, arid
the local Schuetzens will' crawl <¦ within
Thousands of Dollars in Money, Silver Plate and Ornaments Are Packed
Away by the Sh ooters - Incidents Attending the Distribution of
Prizes and Lists of Winners on the Regular and Honorary Targets
after dollar was paid out to winners, and
then the . honorary, prizes were meted out
one by one.' ""Without cessation the shoot
ers made 'fa i slow ¦ but • unbroken line to
the tables and there received the rewards
of fine* shooting. Some packed their gifts
away.- single-handed ; others • needed help
to carry.; off the heavy chests of silver
ware, {colossal; punch; bowls or cups. The
prizes on the' regular targets were distrib
uted'first ?*and:, this was followed by the
long; line : of: honorary gifts.. Not until 10
o'clock last night were the. tables cleared.
Altogether '409 shooters tried for, prizes on
the i Eureka honor target. " «
'}¦< '¦>}. "Packing Off .the Be wards. "4 •
•Thirty-three ? waited/until the last: day
before- venturing . ¦ into "* the • "sweat - box.','-
The i highest | scores were made yesterday
by ¦ the : following :-."'¦ ' • . ,
. The Benders committed a series of the
most atrocious crimes ever recorded. They
lived on a small farm near. Galena and
for years, as it developed after their
flight, they had lured travelers and buried
their bodies In the' yard around their
home or under the house. All four mem
bers of the family were accused of aid
ing In the murders. The family consisted
of man, wife, daughter and son. The
parents would now be in the seventies and
the children about 60 years of age.
•..¦'.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 23.— Four persons
said to be members of the notorious Ben-*
der family, accused of committing a score
of murders at their home near Galena,
Kans., over a score years ago, have been
located near Fort Collins, Colo., and Gov
ernor Stanley has Issued requisition pa
pers on the Governor of Colorado for their
return to this State. The first steps to
ward bringing the suspects to Kansas
were taken upon the representations of
Frank Ayers of Fort Collins, who asserts
that one of the quartet, Kate Bender, was
once his wife. Governor Stanley issued
the requisition upon affidavits of four men
who went to Colorado especially to iden
tify the suspects.
The Notorious Quartet of
Assassins Located in
Colorado. "
BENDER FAMILY
MAY ANSWER FOR
MANY MURDERS
-Congressman Kahn of California*, here'
on a visit, states from his flrs.t ; Impres
sions, which have been^ . influenced by
army, reports, he believes conditions In the
Philippines r more -: satisfactory '-> than •; in'
Cuba and the situation more advanced. ,
A ¦-'¦• ¦¦-.-¦-."" v. .-¦--¦••..-¦•.-¦•¦ . : -¦ "--;¦;
The Libertad states to-day that Senor
Paterno will leyive the Federal party and
will organize the Nationalists on a plat
form resembling that of the inert Con
servatives, with Aguinaldo as president
and ex-Insurgent military,, officers and
former^ members of the Federal party a.»
leaders" The purpose of the . new party
will j be the ultimate independence of the
Philippines.; This coincides t .wlth . Senor
Paterno's recent policy, as he has : been
making; daily efforts to Induce Aguinaldo
to lend his name to the new. party.
MANILA, July 23,-^The Philippine Com
mission and General Chaffee have reached
a definite and satisfactory understanding
as to spheres of operation, whereby all
territory not organized and not formally
transferred to the civil authorities will re
main under military control until pacified.
The military authorities will admnlster
civil affairs at~ those places except at
points . of residence of the ¦ civil courts."
Has a Grand Scheme^ of
Organization of -the
Nationalists.
PATERND URGES
AGUINALDO FOR
THE PRESIDENCY
OSes has received the following dispatch
from Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria,
July 23:
"A train from Cape Town with 113 de
tails and stores was held up, captured and
burned at Scheeper"8, eight miles north of
Beaumont West, on the morning of July
2L Our casualties were three' killed
and eighteen wounded. An inquiry Is
proceeding.
"French reports that Crabbe. with 300
men. was attacked In the mountains near
Craddock by Kritzlnger at dawn July ZL
The horses stampeded. An all-day fight
followed. Crabbe fell back on Mortimer.
Our loss was slight." • . ( . S
"We hear rumors," says the -Dally
News, "that negotiations with a view to
peace In South Africa are proceeding In
London."
The presentation of the freedom of th«
city of London to Lord Milner of Cape
Town at the Guildhall to-day waa made
the occasion of another Jingo demonstra
tion in favor of tlie war in South Africa
and the policy of the Government. "
Lord Milner, In a speech, said the com
promising of the settlement of the South
African situation by injudicious conces
sions must not be thought of, nor should
the risk of a popular rising be run by
treating deliberate and crime-stained
treason as a venial offense. The speaker
eald there was an immense difference be
tween the stout old burghers of the late
republics and the "roving ruffians" har
rowing their fellow British subjects of
Cape Colony.- ¦ *
BOERS HOLD UP
AND DESTROY A
BRITISH TRAIN
Boldly Intercept and
Burn Supplies for
Troops in Field.
>
Lord Kitchener Reports En
gagements in Which His I
Forces Are Defeated.
»
LONDO2C. July 23.— The British War
It is stated to-night that the court the
Secretary will appoint will be entirely
satisfactory to the admiral, and should
he object ' to any one of the members,
undoubtedly a substitute would be desig
nated. ' From the preliminary consider
ation' already given . the matter. It Is
evident '.that the court will 'comprise:
Admiral George Dewey, president; Rear
"I believe that the first step should be
an investigation of all matters by a court
of inquiry and civil action afterward,"
he said In a telegram to a friend here. "I
am preparing to take this course."
CALL BUREAU, 140« G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 23.-A termlna
tlon of the national controversy which
arose with the smoke of the "battle o£
Santiago la at last assured. Rear Admiral
Wlnfleld Scott Schley has formally an
nounced to his friends that ho has
decided to ask the Secretary of the Xavy
to appoint a court of Inquiry to make a
thorough Investigation of his conduct
before and during the battle which re
sulted In . the destruction of Cervera's
fleet. Believing: himself to be the victim
of i Injustice ha has told them that ho
wants complete vindication and courts the
fullest . Investigation. After the court of
Inquiry, he will sue Historian Maclay for
libel. .- T -.,;V ••' • *
Special Dispatch to Tit OUT.
Secretary Long "Will Probably
Name Dewey, Ramsay
and Benham on Board.
First, However, the Ad
miral Desires Naval
Court Inquiry.
SCHLEY INTENDS
TO SUE MACLAY
FOR HIS ATTACK
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Callglemeyer, Horace E. Cutler, D. G. . Fisher, . B.
L. Maxfleld. E. C. Knlgrnt, F. L. Hayford, R.
F. .Smith. R, Stockton and wife, Herbert Get
chell, E. E. Corlett, J. E. Lough, Iver O.
Bakken, Emerson B. Christie, D. McL. Kirby,
Henry L* King, G. S. Medlar, E. E. Schneider,
J. XV. Cheeseborough, J. M. Taggy, W. J.
Scruton, Arnold H. Wagner, W. H. Leek, J.
Lv JoUnson, Mlsa A. B. Bacon,; Ferry L." Ser
geant and wife, Miss Minerva Udell, Miss
Daisy Usher. J. . B. Kilpatrick, Miss Lucy
Mount, "William G. Eaton, A.' M. Sanborn,
Fernald D. Sawyer, John W. Dolby, Clarence
B. Farrow, A..F. Eastman, Charles A. Me-
Clure. Carl M. Moore, P. A. Fillmore, B. E.
Icgersoll, Charles S. Banks, A. L. Griffeths
and mother, Walter Gllllam, Ralph C. Wells,
Rud Zuesteln, Holland - E. Bell and wife,
George Grlssler. ' Harry E. Guyer, George M.
Gordon, Verne E. Miller, G. W. Satterthwalte,
Robert J. Teall, Elmer E. Latson, William A.
Lewis, Gilbert Sellers, Nelson C. Smith, Ed
Williams H. A. Parkin and wife, C. S. Lor
entzen George ]tf. Brlggs, D. R. Perkins, V H.
H. McKee and wife. George W. Gannon, A. O.
Goodale, C. W. Franks, William A. Freeman,
W. D. Hobbs, Jesse F. StinnanM B. H. Doug
lass, B. K. Daniels and wife, P. H. Eley, Jo
seph Smith, S. P. R.- Thomas, William Hill..
¦William E. Morris.' J. L. McMillan, George E.
Walk, Edwin - M. Wllcox. Miss N. L.
Hill, Miss Mabel Spicer, Benjamin E. Neal,
Olin L. Neal, Miss Estelle E. • Murdock,
International Congress
Begins Session at
¦JDOiSQ.
J
Effort Will Be Made to Have
a New Government De
partment.
BOISE. Waho. July 23.— The fourth an
nual session of the International Alining
Congress convened this morning. Tho
meeting opened with an address of wel
come by Governor Hunt. He was followed
by Mayor Alexander, who tendered the
keys of the city to the visitors.
Judge J. H. Richards welcomed the ccn
gress on behalf of the citizens and deliv
ered an address that attracted much at
tention. Responses were made by E L
Shafner of Cleveland. Ohio; Professor W*
N. Tidballa of Salt Lake and Thomas Ew
ins of Los Angeles.
President L. Bradford Prince of New
Mexico then delivered hi3 annual address.
He reviewed the previous sessions and
spoke of the work to be done. Prince
stated that the principal object of the
congress was to secure the establishment
of a department of mines. He said it was
necessary, and that the great industry
ought to have such recognition in orde*
that it3 development might go forward
at a pace that would keep it abreast of
development along other lines. There
were many problems confronting the in
dustry;, he said, that could not be solved
satisfactorily without the direct aid that
could be given through a Government de
partment of mines.
Delegate Moore of Colorado offered the
following^ which was referred to the com
mittee on resolutions:
Resolved* That tha International Mining
Congress, assemble^ at Boise. Idaho, extends to
the president and directors of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition Its fraternal greeting ar.il
promises for it an aclive and continued interest
and support. We a.^so urge upon the Legisla
tures of the several States such a generous
financial recognition of the coming- exposition
as shall contribute materially to Its already
assured success.
There is a lively rivalry between Los
Angeles andTJtctte for the next session,
j of the congress. Both are claiming they
will win, and it is as yet Impossible to
form an opinion as to the result. Joseph
N. Hutehinson, ex-LJeutenant Governor
of Idaho, is much talked of for president
I 1 of the congress.
This evening the "delegates were ten
dered a reception at the City Hall by the
Governor, Chamber of Commerce and "Wo
man's Columbian Club.
MINERS WANT
FEDERAL AID
HUNT WILL BECOME GOVERNOR
OF THE ISLAND OF PORTO RICO
Charles^H. A^len, the Present Executive, Is to Re
tire r at Expiration of His Leave of Absence and
| the Insular Secretary Will Succeed to Position
JULIA A. CROCKER'S ESTATE— The In
veotory and appraisement o£ the estate ¦ of the
In t e Ju 1 1 a A. Crocker.. waa : filet} | yesterday. ( 'The
appraisers find the to be worth"'$307,
159 17.' ¦ .- . -,S«. • "... .
: Allvotera.' who : have moved since \ last
election must . register before August" 3,
1901, to 1 enable .them to vote atthft. pri
mary ¦ election, August 13,' 1001. *" .•
Attention, Cm£ens I
Admiral A^B. K. BenUam, retired;- Rear
Admiral F.- M. Raimay.i retired; Captain
B.'F.Lamberton,' judge advocate.
The court will be instructed by Secre
tary Long, in view of the purpose «f
Admiral Schley to ask for an. investiga
tion of all matters, to inquire especially
with- .- reference to these points-:-. Diil
Admiral Schley unnecessarily . d«lay his
departure from Cienfuegos for Santiago
da Cuba, where he waa advised that the
Spanish fleet had taken refuge? Was
Admiral Schley • g:uilty o£ . reprehensible
conduct In issuing orders for and starting
with the squadron under his command for
Key WeBt after having* arrived south of
Santiago de Cuba? If not guilty, of repre
hensible conduct, did he. not commit a
grave error of judgment? • Was Admiral
Schley justified in bombarding the harbor
of Santiago after heifinally reached that
point-at a range of more than five miles?
Was^the blockade he established before
he was superseded' in" command of the
squadron by Rear, Admiral * Sampson
effective? In the battle of Santiago de
Cuba; was the order for the celebrated
loop- made by the Brooklyn Issued - by
Admiral Schley or Captain Cook? Did
Admiral Schley actually command and
did.be give orders to other vessels of. the
squadron. * during the- battle* or 'was
Admiral Sampson actually in command?
It is evident from the list- of matters
which, the court will have- to investigate
that it will enter upon a most serioua and
lengthy inquiry.' Navy regulations ' pro
vide'that courts Qf.mjjnlry ; shall hayo
power to summon witnesses. If the court
finds Admiral Schley ginlty • of reprehen
sible^ conduct,, it , may. - recommend . his
court-martial, and this may lead to his
dismissal from the- service. ¦ ¦•¦- •¦ ¦ -. . •
If to -proposed by the- authorities ta. loso
no time In convening the court after the
application of Rear Admiral Schley f has
been- received. The court will, bo -directed
to assemble either in Washington or New
York probably next month. ... .f
IT looked as though the early days of
the war were back aj?ain at the army
transport wharf yesterday. When an
inspection of the steamship that drew
the crowd to the front was made,
however, all thought of war vanished. In
stead of men in khaki, the decks of the
Thomas were crowded with men and
women b^ind for the Philippines to act
cs teachers In the Government schools.
Not a soldier uniform was to be seen on
the transport a.e she steamed away, and,
all told, there were not a dozen men In
uniform on the wharf to see the vessel
away.
The relatives and friends of the pas
sengers made np for the lack of military
display/They came down in droves, and
the big wharf was crowded an hour be
fore sailing time. A great'disappointment
awaited them, however. . The teachers
were put aboard as soon as their trunks
were shipped, atd besifi«s them not a soul
was allowed up the gangway. Nearly all
the farewells, therefore, had to be safd at
long: distance.
Owing to the rush of Epworth Leaguers
many of the teachers did . not get their
trunks In time and had to sail without
them. They will be looked after by the
army officials and the trunks will be for
warded on the Kilpatrick next Thursday
week. There was one woman whose
trunks went away, 'and she got a much
desired trip to Manila in consequence. F.
Braucht and wife came out here from
the East with the Epworth League. He
was under contract to go to the Philip
pines for the Government, but transporta
tion was refused the wife and she was
going back home. When the trunks were
sent away from the hotel Braucht gave
instructions for hi£ wife's to be taken to
the ferry depot and his to the transport
wharf. . The expressman took all the
trunks to the transport wharf and they
were put down in the hold of the Thomas.
•When Mrs. Eraucht inquired for her
trunks at the ferries she was told they
had not arrived. Luckily she met the ex
pressman and he told her where they
w£re. When she reached the wharf the
Thomas ¦ had pulled out Into the stream.
She explained the case to Superintendent
of Dock Scott end he s£nt her out In the
launch. On tha -Thomas the freight clerk
said the trunks were aboard but could
not be got at. The matter was reported
to the quartermaster captain, but he re
fused to give the woman j, passage. Then
Mrs. Braucht explained to him that every
stitch of her rlothes. and all the money
she had to - get- back home with were In
her, trunks and valise. The captain re
lented and consented to take her along, so
owing to the lucky mistake of the ex
pressman Mrs. Braucht Is now accompa
nying her husband to Manila instead of
returning to her lonely home in Michigan.
Owing to the fact that no outsiders
were allowed rboard the Thomas for
hours before sailing -time only one stow
atray was found. * He was a well-dressed,
respectable looking man, who effered to
pay bis way as sdon as he was discov-
Mlsa Euphonia Paxton. Gay W. Fetton,. Frances
- E. Hemenway, Walter G. Chapman. E. C.
Wagoner, T; W. Gllkyson. Patrick F. King.
E. F. Elchenberg 1 .. G. W. Caulklns. Clarence
McDonald, . JIUss J. M. Newton and mother,
Howard C. White, J. E. Corley.; William A.
Schwindt. J. F. Connolly. Miss V. Louise Hex
rick, WiUiam W. Burt. C R. Bancroft. T. H.
Ken worthy. R. F. Freidel, B. L. Maxfield. Miss
Mabel E. Corll. Miss Myrtle E. Dever. J. W.
Osborn, William A. Buck. J. F. GMara, E. H.
Farrar Jr., C.-H. Goddard, Jere Turpin, E. F.-
Deacon. Theodore D. Laguna, T. Dennis. J. 'H.
Byerley, Austin. Branch. FV L. Berry Misa L.
R. Ropers,. Luther J. Abbott, Joel Hathaway,
William A. Austin, C. A. Feabody, Miss May
B. Curtis, George E. Palmer. Frank J. George,
James A. Falrchild/'Mlss- A. B. Pearson, John
Dimmer, John H» Jenkins, Paul M. Gravatt,
James D. Barry. Miss- Maud Flint, Thomas A.
Gamble, Miss Olive M.. Breens> F. , G. Behmer,.
Miss A. L. Clendenln, Miss MayFaurote, W.
H. McCall. Miss Rena M.- Oldfleld. Miss Ruth
Cooper.-^W alter R. Hubbard and wife, Mrs. J.
F. Luby. C. E. Conant, Miss Jessie E. Brown,
George P. Morrill, G. A. Bond, Harry A. Tash,
Miss Lettle E. Foley, George W. St. CTafr,. Wil
liam H. Badger, Mrs. William H. Badger and!
three children, Miss Daisy T. Day, Miss B. M.
Hull. Miss C. M. Bennett, Miss Bessie- Taylor,
Henry L \ Everett, H. L. Flnlay. Miss A. E.
Boe, Mrs'. - B. Shank, Burgess Shank. Arthur
W. Barnes, Miss Anna t C. Day, A. G. Harmon,
Miss G. P. Thomas, Herbert D. Brltan, Horatio
Smith, J. R. C. Brown, Mrs. J. R. C. Brown,
Miss Agnes Adams. F.' A. Pitcher, E. E. Web
ster. George- R. Ford and wife, C. Longest,
Miss Adeline Knapp. H. B. .Fernald, Miss Julia
Bosquet, ' Miss F. B. Bruestgruen, G. E. A.
Walton, N. J. Meager,' James H. . Armitage,
Miss J. M. Abbott, William K.' Spencer. Harry
J. Hawkins, Miss K. L. Bassett. J.-M. Shilling
and wife. Miss S. T. Glad,win, Miss L Bryan.
Miss E. G. Parker. Miss F. C Bufflngton,
Ralph R. Blackney. Mias N.' H. Paddock. John
W. Johnson. A. R. Eastman and wife. H. .. E.
Read. Miss G. Pfortner. Miss Julia Park, W.
C. Damon, T. H. Edwards. E. J. Albertson, R.
P. GJeason, Mrs. R. P. Gleason, Miss W. M.
Redfleld, C. H.- Maxon, wife and two children.
W. J. Cushman, D. O. McGovney, Bart. E.
Thomas, Ed C. Roberts. C. L. Cameron, Charles
B. Estler. Hugh B. Fleece, Miss R. C. Bennett,
Miss Sarah Anis, • Miss Cora - E. Fay. Miss
¦Laura L. Reed; Miss- D. ¦ Machado. C. C. Tar
box, William B. Kempthorne, ¦ • T. . J. Dono
van, Miss L. L. Donnelly. S. W ; Ford, J. B.
Hagg-eberg, H. I. Priestley | and wif e,\ Miss
E.' S. Parker, M. ¦ P... Fitzgerald. Miss
Mary B. Crane, W. I W. Rod.well I and wife.
Thomas . P. " Price. Horace Hi Shelton and
wife. G. H. Wright. Olney Bondurant, Minnie
RoaCh. J. A. McRe/nolds, Clarence E. Baker,
Ray HofelU- TMss If. Bowles, Miss Anna Dun
lap. Mi?s*G. McVAn. Will D. Potter. Mrs. J.
W. RylantJ, F: Abbott. A. J. Bailey, C B. Col
lino. Opna C. "Lewis. W. A. jGallup. E. F.
Gayle. R. E. MonaRTie. H. W. Roberts, A. K.
Hitchcock. P. F. LauKhrey, Elliott Parker,
Miss Maud Martin, J.H. Evana, R. E. Whit
ing 1 . Miss H. H. .Burris. W. Boudreux, A. L.
Burnell. T. C. Randall, ' H. L.- Noble," Miss B.
Lincoln, D. D. Spear, H. W. McCauley, E. E.
Baker,' Charles H. Ross. Thomas W. Dale. P.
F. Fobs. 'mother of Mlsa L. L. Donnelly, Mlsa
Helen Freeman, Charles ' A- Mize. Miss Anna
M. Donaldson, Ram A. Miller, * Miss Fannlo
Wadsworth, B.- N. Sullivan,. A. V. Dalrymple,
F. H. Stlnchfleld, Walter W. PetUt. Mtss LJla
G. Warwick. Mrs. E. G. Turner, Mrs. Will C.
Sparks.: Mrs. W. D. Hobbs. Mrs. \yJHiam A.
Austin. Mr*. Frank Clapper, child of Mrs. Ef n«
R. Dodds, Mrs. E. J. Donaldson and child. Mrs.
R. T>. Kpps, D. J. D. Myers, Charles N. Mullen,
J. M.' Krauss. Charles W. • Olsen, A: V. Smith.
H. G. Russell,* Mrs. H, G. Russell, Wayne G.
Mason. J. B. Lawson, ¦ John I. Harvey. E. " R.
Hay, Miss Eleanor L. Douglass,' Bailey Chaney,
Frank E. Force,- Mlss^EImlra Kelshaw, G. Van
S<r«lack, s Robert Vallle. Mlsa Alva L. Galpln.
Levl C. Hlglcy. W. W. Coon, .C. W.< Guerin.
William ' B. Freer, Miss Mary ¦ Krauss, • Mtua
Geneva Stevenson, ; James M. Graham, • Le/wls
P. Thomas, Mlns Lol* Wllklnflbn,- Miss Rachel
M. Hanson,\ Miss Lillian White, Misa Alice . M.
Mrs. W. H. Whltaker and child. John H.
"Whitaker, Aubrey Boyles, Thomas W. Bowler.
John V. Barrow. W. K. Batchelder, E. B.
Bryan. Miss Beth Brenizer, J. A. Corliss, Mrs.
Lavlna T. de Rackin, J. L. Davis. J. F.
Daniel, John D. de Huff, Joseph J. Eaton and
wife, John H. Gambia, Mrs. G. E. Garbutt
G. E. Garbutt, Clyde M. Candey and wife Gil
bert L. Hall. Waiter K. Hubbard, Roy L.
Heindel, Will S. Irey, J. E. Xtrtlend and wife,
J. Denis Lucey, W. R. Rosencrans. Florenes
Read, James F. Scouler, E. G. Turner J. L.
Thatcher and wife. Mrs. A. 1 B. Vaughn and
three children, James S. "Warren, Frank P.
Wagg, Wilson S. Dakln, Fresinlus Van Nuys,
Otho Atkin, John E. Parker. Charles H. Ma
gee. George W. Campbell. Lucile E. Keyes,
Robert E. Stalllnss, T. W. Thomas. B. L.
Stafford. Irving: Needham. Benjamin B. BIeat>
<Jale. Mrs. T. W: Thompson, S. K. Mltohell,
D. C. Montgomery and wife. Harriet G. Morse
L. D. Milliman, Miss A. Parsons, A. R. Hasrer,
Henry Hughes, "W. A: Kepifer, B. Carson, Mls3
E. A. Hoyles, C. H. Covell, E. Qulnn, A. J.
McKellow, P. . D. Netlson and wife W. S.
Davis, wife and five- children. Rex W. -Wells
and wife, G.-W. Moore, G. E. Steele and wife,
C. F. Garstons. O. H. Bollman, A. J. Bro&an,
I. R. Wellington, E. H. Buttles, H. Gannaway,
W. G. Sparks, J. 'P. Hayes. Carl M. Moore,
Thomas J. Taylor^ G. H. Helon, Mls» E. W.
MitcJwU, Caroline L. Pausland. Christian H.
Han^n. Carl D. Behrens, Arthur Powell L. C.
Guernsey, wife and two children; T. D. An-
Complete Passenger List.
Thirty-seven of the teachers who -went
away are. graduates of the University of
California a,nd a number of others are
from Stanford. The remainder come from
all over the United States. The Thomas
took away all told 394 men, 168 women and
26 children. The full list is as follows:
ered. The offer was refused and he was
bundled ashore. — ¦'--
SCENES AT THE SAILING OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY TRANS
PORT THOMAS FOR MANILA YESTERDAY. SHE TOOK AWAY
NEARLY 600 SCHOOL TEACHERS BOTJNI> FOR THE ISLANDS. -
NEAREST TREE
FOR A GALLOWS
Citizens of Oklahoma
Give Notice to the
Crooks.
FORT SILL, O. T.^ July 23.— A law and
order league has been formed to suppress
the dozens of crooks who \ have Infested
the country since the Kiowa-Comanche
registration began. The organization has.
decided to print and distribute 10,000 hand
bills bearing the following:
"Notice is hereby served on all confi
dence men, pickpockets, thieves and
crooks who are caught plying their voca
tion that they will be hanged to the near
est tree."
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Secretary
Hitchcock said .to-day, 'with Reference to
the effort to prevent tire opening of the
Oklahoma Indian lands to- settlement by
injnnction proceedings at El Reno, that
the preparations of the department for j
the opening would proceed as If no suit
had been begun.
"We shall not let the matter go by de
fault," he said, "but we apprehend no
obstacle from that proceeding. Any one
can bring a suit." • • ; » -
The Secretary to-day took cognizance
of reports coming from Oklahoma that
the men who are registering: at El Keno
and Fort Sill are doing so with the inten
tion of transferring their rights to others.
"The report," he said, "is to* the effect
that they can and will dispose of their
numbers at enormous profits. This Is ab
surd, because it is impossible under the
regulations for them to transfer their
rights. . I?or._ any., of them . to. attempt to
do, so would be a. jelear violation of the
law. They take an oath not to do such a
thing and to use their rights for their
own. exclusive- benefit. There can be no
speculation In these numbers."
The Secretary- also said that reports are
coming to the department for schemes of
disposing of numbers of town sites, the
promoters offering chances to the public.
( "The only town sites which have been
authorized," the Secretary said, "are
those of the three county seats. No others
have been- sanctioned* and no one knows
where others will be. Hence all except
those three are bogus and reports of their
establishment should t>e denounced as in
tended to deceive. the public" -
Will Examine library Sites*.
Mayor Phelan has appointed Supervis
ors d^Ancona, Brandenatein and Boxton.
a committee ta Investigate and report
upon ; available sites for the erection of
public library buildings made possible by
Carnegie's offer to give $750,000 for the
purpose. The committee wilt be asked to
examine, particularly, into the Mechanics'
Pavilion site. ' ¦-
Continued From Page One.
SCHLEY INTENDS TO SUE MACLAY
STOCKHOLM, Sweden , July 23.— An ex
plosion to-day of petroleum on board the
.American schooner Louise Adelaide, from
Philadelphia, in- the harbor this morning
resulted in the death of Captain Orr, ten
members of the schooner's crew and four
Swedish customs officials. . • •
Two of the Louise Adelaide's crew were
saved. The explosion set the schooner
afire and the blaztng petroleum enveloped
: the vessel and those on, board.
The barkentine Louise Adelaide, Cap
tain, Orr, left Philadelphia April 24 for
'¦ Stockholm. May 12 ~ she--- put into T>utchi
¦ Island harbor, Rhode Island, having 1 en
' countered a heavy gale on the edge of the
Gulf Stream. From Dutch .Island tfarbor
she was towed to Portland, Me., for re
pairs, where: she was refitted as a schoon
er \tnd resumed; ber voyage foe Stockholm
June 4.
The Louise Adelaide was built at Tar
mouth, Me., in 1882. She was ISA feet long,
34 feet beam and 12 feet deep, and^regis
tered. 672 tona. She was owned by Edgar
Orr of Portland, Me. -..-. ¦
Schooner.
Explosion Causes De
struction of American
SAILORS DIE
IN THE BLAZE
-r» tt»- -p ASHINGTOK; July 23.—TV11
\V /\-/' : Iiam T H -' Eta 111 , the present
Vr \V Secretarv of Porto Rico^ has
V V , . been selected to succeed Gov
ernor Charles H. Allen upon
the retirement of the latter from th.e insu
lar government. ¦;•; Governor Allen brought
with him '.to. Boston ali of his household
effects when he. came from San Juan, and
he -does- not expect .to return to Porto
Hico. ' ' The - formal announcement of the
selection-of: Governor Hunt is withheld
.until the regular appointment is made,
andr this 'cannot 'be before the expiration
of the. leave of Governor Allen, next Sep
tember.- • - - ¦ ' ¦• ¦
•- W. H. HTunt, who- has been selected to
succeed Charles H. Allen as Governor of
Porto Rico, wag born in New Orleans,
Magoon. J. C. Muerman, Harry S. Gray, David
P. Sullivan, J. H. Wallace, W. I. Savery, H. E.
S. Thomas, Susan Cblton, C. Romney McKee,
MJss Harriet Bowles, S. S. Dent, E. E. Tread
way, B. P. Ames, C. 'M. Luther, Jesse W. Mil
ler, E. R. Ryan, N. W. Cameron, H. S. Voor
hees and wife, E." A. Coddtngton, W. H.
Mllllngton. wife and two children. Miss Anna
Dunlap, Miss Gertrude ' Me Venn, A. B
Anderson, G. B. Pyle, James H. Tate, Miss
Mary H. Mitchell. Miss Lydla K. Wilkins - O.
S. Relmold. R. W. Taylor, E. E. Thompson,
Miss Clara H. Donaldson, Miss Sara L Mc-
Vey, Seben S. McVey. J. M. Reade W> R.
Matthews, Miss Marlon A. Lawton. Miss
Blanche Lurton. B. N. . Blakeslee, Frank Clap
per, J. G. Embree, B. K. Moore, C. H. Slmp-
Eon and mother, E. B. Saaford, V. E. Skiff C
Calhoun, Mrs. N. C.- Abbott.. Miss Elizabeth
LiddelK W. W. Adamson. T. H. • Wedge. ¦ R. ¦ B
Gurley. W D. Potter. Lloyd Cohle, Miss Mary
McClennarv, "W. M. Carruth, • H. L. - Khrk, Al
bert Keppert, F. Robertson, P. W. Cooper, H.
P. Rothermel. Arthur L. Small, C. W. O'Brien
Loren H. Rockwell, Mlsa* Mary B. Bynum,
Frank R. Adams. J. T. . Frelin. J. J. Solhaup,
Robert L. Moon, P. P. Farnham Jr., H. N.
Ciyle. Mrs. Mary S. Cole. J. C. Knudson, Clay
ton I.- Halsey.L,. G. McConachie, • Miss Mamie
Johnson,' Miss Ella Johnson. J. .H. Flnnpgan
Jesse E. Tarbell, Miss A. E. Hahn. Percy C
GlleB. Gould J. Little^ Roy Reger. Allen Gard
G. .H. Bohner. P.'T, Gilbert. L. A. Lynun, W.
A. Wfcdgeworth, H. H. Balch, A: N. Small " N.
H. Kenagy. E. A. Smith, C. E. Putnam. Miss
Pearl Gordon. Mlsn E. B. Wood, Miss E. Gray
Mica C. M. Gray, H. G. Giddings, L. H. Boneil!
B. A. Wye, C. B. Palmer. P. G. Jack. John
McKonzle, John Gemmill. Stella Price, T. I,.
Flske, MiM E. K. Vogel, Mlas. Daisy M. Vogel
Miss J. M. Tlbbltts. Hugh' S. Mead, Miss
Sara A. TIchenor, Mrs. . Ef fle R. Dodds, Robert
S. Gray. A. Crossman. E. H. Hammond, -R.
Hofell, MIpb K. M. -Young, H.T. Swain. Miss
O. ; O. Dlckenson. Mlsa K. Bolton, Miss A. H.
Carter, A. H. RWer. C. G. Anderson, Misii
Fannie Groat. W. ,H.' Hall. F. E. Braucht,
Miss E. McMulIen. Frank Glick. Miss C. A.
"Woods, E. J. Donaldjon. C. Derbyshire, G.-L..
Hasten, J. R. Mitchell, James Dudley, . Gasper
Edwards. Luther Parker, J.W. Evans. E. F.
Thompson, wisa Mary E. Tolly, Mrs. K. MAS.
Thomas. Miss Allie Br>-an. .
' The Thomas goes from here to Hono
lulu, where she will coal, and then direct
to Manila. . If all goes well she 'should
reach her distlnatlon about August 20."An
other detachment of 'teachers. 600 strong,
will sail on the Kilpatrick August 1. •
General Rodil Pat to* Death by Gen
eral Zapata for Political
Seasons.
Special cable to The Call and New Tork Her
*rd:'.~ Copyrigbt, 1901, by the Herald Pub
' liEhinE Company.
CIUDAD, Bolivia, July 23>-General
Rodil, Governor of Yuruari. a district
covering the region of gold mines (Caliao,
GuasqJati,. etc.) was assassinated; last
week for political ' reasons by General
Zapata, who took possession of the arms
of the garrison of Guasipatf. where the
assassination took place, and armed
about a hundred men, with whom he fled
These facts, the like of which have late
ly been taking place daily in Venezuela,
give some idea of the state of the country.
VENEZUELAN GOVERNOR
ASSASSINATED BY A RIVAL
to testify before a notary public. He had
been called to give a. deposition In. the ap
plication for a new trial In, the Minnie
Healey mining case, which he recently
decided in favor of F. Augustus • Heinze
and against Miles Finlen and the Boston
aod Montana Company. He denied the
jurisdiction of the notary.
Mrs. Ada Brackett, a stenographer in
the office of Heinze. and Deputy Sheriff J.
W. Rowe are also in .the Sheriffs custody
for the same offense.
District Judge Harney of Butte Is
Constructively Under
Arrest.
' BUTTE, Mont., July 23.— Judge E. "W.
Harney of the District Court is construc
tively under arrest to-night for refusing
REFUSES TO TESTIFY •
. BEFORE NOTARY PUBLIC
Government Of fleers Make Recom
mendations: for' Improvement
of Bays on the Coast- / v.
WASHINGTON, v July 23. r^Captain
James Meyler, In charge of river and' har
bor work in Los Angeles, Cal.. district, in
his annual report recommends. the follow
: ing appropriations- in excess of the appro
priation of the fiscal year ending June 30.
1903: San Diego, harbor, $237,850,. to ' com
plete improvement," Ssin Pedro, CaL;$409,
,000, to continue improvement. San Luis
:Obispo, Cal., $100,000 to continue improve
. ment. v.-..- -vs. , .' . ¦.--.. -.
¦Major John Miller In hts. report on riv
ers and harbors in "Washington makes the
'following statement: Grays Harbor,
; maintenance . of • improvement, • $156,775.
Puget Sound- and tributary waters, $30,
• 00O. Olympla harbor, $25,000. Everett har
bor, $117,000. Swlnomish Slough, $57,000.
ASK APPBOPaiATIONS^ ; 'v
FOR WESTERN"
November 5, 1857, and is the fourth son of [
the late William Henry Hunt of Louist- j
ana, who was Secretary of the Navy in j
the 'Cabinets of Presidents Garfield and
Arthur and Minister to- Russia. Judge
Hunt received his education at Yale Col
lege, but on account of ill health did not
finish his course. In 1S9S Yale conferred
upon him the honorary degree of master j
of arts. When he -was 27 years of age he I
was elected Attorney General of the Tfer- I
ritory of Montana. He subsequently
moved to Helena in 1888 and wals elected i
a member of the Legislature, where he |
served as chairman of the Judiciary Com
mittee. He was a member of the consti
tutional convention In 1S84, -which framed
the constitution of the State when 'it was
admitted to- the Uniop, and also held im
portant judiciary positions in Montana.
When Hunt went to Porto Rico he was
requested by President McKInley to be
come Secretary of the island and to assist
Governor Allen in organizing the new civil
government.
SECRETARY OF THE INSULAR j
" GOVERNMENT OF PORTO RICO, I
WHO "WILL Ba GOVERNOR, {
i
Famous Physician Talks
of Cure for Tuber
1 ' • culosis.
Disease in Human Beings
Different From That in
Animals. , :
LONDON, July 23.— A feature of to
day's session of the British Congress of
Tuberculosis was Professor Koch's paper,
which was listened to with the deepest in
terest by the big gathering In St. James
Hall. -.- • '
Lord Lister Introduced the noted Ger
man professor to the assembly with a few
complimentary— words. During- his ad
dress Dr. Koch said his experiments had
satisfied him that human tuberculosis and
bovine tuberculosis were radically differ
ent diseases and that he had amply dem
onstrated that cattle could not be Infect
ed with human tuberculosis. The coun
ter propositioA that human beings, were
not liable to infection from bovine tuber
culosis was hard to prove, the doctor said,
owtng to the difficulty of experimenting
upon human subjects, but,,; personally he
was satisfied .such was the case, and he
recited at- length' the post-mortem evi
dence supporting this Delief. Dr. Koch
said if this point ' were j conceded it ra» ;
mained to determine the chief satire© of
contagion. ""'¦- •'.'
Continuing, 'he said that human Im
munity to bovia* infection disposed of the
belief of infection through' dairy products
and he • considered this source of . danger '
so, slight- as to be unworthy of precaur
tlonary measures. • ¦' •¦>.''
Heredity wsts also an unimportant
factor In the transmission, of tuberculosis,
. though the! contrary had Ions been be
lieved. Dr. Koch said the chief danger of
contagion lay in. the sputum of consump
tive patients, and that a remedy was to
be found In a law ¦ preventing the con
sumptive from strewing contagion about:
him-._ Several methods to this end. were
available said the doctor, the surest j of
which la isolation in sanitariums.. This,
unfortunately, was impracticable, -but he
strongly • > urged the establishment of
special consumptive hospitals and the.
obligatory notification of the authorities
of the existence of the disease, the dis
infection of their quarters whenever con
sumptives changed their residence, and the
dissemination of Information to the peo
ple- concerning the true nature of con
sumption, to aid in avoiding and combat
ing it , ¦ . , . .-;:
Dr. Koch highly complimented Dr.
Herman M. Biggs, pathologist and' ;• di
rector of th-e bacteriological laboratoriea
of the New ,-York Health Department,
upon' the repressive .measures concerning
tuberculosis taken in . New York,
where, he. said, the mortality from tuber
culosis had -.been' reduced- 35 per centslnce
18S6. and recommended the system organ
ized by Dr. Biggs in New. York to the
B.tudy and imitation of all municipalities.
Dr.- Koch closed his remarks by "express-
Ing his- belief thatithe ultimate stamping
out of tuberculosis was. possible. ' . : -
KOCH ADVISES
MEDICAL MEN
THE SAN : FKANCISUO CALL, W^ilJXJGSDAY, JULY : 24, V1901.
Some of Them Are Graduates of Stanford and University of California, While
the Others Come From Over the Country—A Woman Who Was Refused
Passage Gets Away Because 1 Her Trunk Is Put Aboard in Mistake
SIX HUNDRED SCHOOL TEACHERS SAIL
ON THE THOMAS FOR THE PHILIPPINES
2
A^vEBiasEiaiajTS.
LUBRICATING O1L3. ENSIOM A McOUF-
FICK. ZS Spear »t.. 3. F, TeL Mala 53»>.
OILS. , .
HTBRICATINQ OIt.3. LEO.VARD tt ELLIS.
C8 Front it.. 9. F. Phon* Mitn xnx
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA> DUICSg CJ- day. TeL MalnlljJ
,^_/ COAUCOKE AN> PI3 1ROX
J T WIT * f ft "^ B »«t«y Street.
J- t- tt ILJUA U WU'» T?lephon« Main «M.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahte
& Co. (est'd. 1S52> 409 Market st. : upon la-
stallment or rented: also b«er apparatus.
DIREGTGRY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca LlsU Hatlaa
on Application, .i;
Pioneer Dry Goods Store,
LADIES* JERSET ItlUCKD BLUB VESTS
3 for 15c. S0u and 23a Linen Collars at S for -
Kc. Larce Linen Spools 2 for 5e. at US Fifth.
PR1NTINO.
Ec hushes, m^aya.,^
General Debility
Day in and oat there is tbat feeling of
wealmess that makes a burden of Itself. '
• Food does not strengthen.- :
Sleep doea not refresh.
It Is hard to dov bard to bear, what
should be easy,— vitality Is on the ebb, and .
the whole system suffers.
For this condition take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and tone
to all the organs and functions, and is
positively - unequalled, for all rtuvdown or
• debilitated conditions. • ¦ -\ '•¦„* '¦¦-' .. ; v :
. Hood's mtis cur» cunstlpatlon. 25 centa* ~
' : \ PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE, H1CKS-JUDD ' CO.,
¦Mrt n First Street. San Fmaclsc^
DR. MEYERS MO,
Specialist. Disease MSsSzSf "^
and weakness of 5c§S5w "-¦*
men. Established ra5»? .^^, v^«f
1SS1. Consultation ffVy <5^8? ifcV
and . private- book : \\^&^ ¦ . ';"*< ¦-¦ \ I
free, at office or by . XJs!r >^3yLl
mall. Cures guar- H,%'<Si^3>
anteed. 731 Mar- ' kji^^^S
ket street (eleva- A^^&^&^'ir »•
tor entrance), San /W^/Jj^§>^%
1 BKATSGHINSK1 1
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., I
I 10 THIRD SI, SAN F8MGISC0. I
I WeSellShoesCheap
I WHY?
1 BECAUSE WE BUY DIRECT FROM
I THE MANUFACTURER. |
I BECAUSE OUR RENTS ARE LOW.
| BECAUSE WE ARE SATISFIED
I WITH SMALL PROFITS.
I BECAUSE WE SELL MORE SHOES
I THAN ANY FIRM IN THIS CITY.
§ BECAUSE WE MARK OUR SHOES
I IN PLAIN FIGURES.
I BECAUSE WE HAVE BUT ONE
p PRICE TO ALL.
I "When we make the assertion
E that we give better values than
| can be bought elsewhere we prove
| it. Here is a sample: Ladles' finest
E patent leather lace shoes, black
f, cloth tops; plain coin toes, turned
! soles and French heels, and the
price $3.50; worth $5.00 arCy day. "We
¦ say worth more than $3.5Ck. for they
are nattier in style, are better made.
rtcher in Quality and make a better
appearance than shoes generally
offered at that price. ¥
Country orders solicited. \
Ef "We have no branch, stores nor
& traveling salesmen- fc:
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
'M 1O THIRD STREET, . |
H San Francisco.
On January i we will occupy as a music establishment the {D
entire premises at 931-933' Market street (opposite Mason). Until M
then, however, we are at 933 Market street, and we are offering for ' ¦.•
sale the most magnificent pianos on earth at "INTRODUC- H
TORY PRICES"— the Everett, Steck, ] Packard, Hardman, Lud- ' §1
wig, Conover, Harrington, Baldwin and others. Easy paying sys- n
I THE WiLEYJB. ALLEN CO, , l 8
% . 933 Market Street, San Francisco. ' V ' fir
% BTANCH— 851 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. JHWITH the demolition of the
various booths and the clos
ing of the Pavilion last night
the Epworth League conven
tion is now but a pleasant
memory to the thousands who were con
nected with that event. 4
It was San Francisco day at the Pavil
ion yesterday. Throughout the day the
Association building to-day, where the
final business will be concluded.-
The organ recital given by the Epworth
League executive committee to the pub
lic attracted fully 5000 people to the Pa
vilion last night. The announcement that
the entertainment would be free proved
irresistible to the thousands who. desired
to hear the famous Stanford organ, and
the result was most gratifying to the com
mittee.
'inousands of people were In the build
ing when Organist W. B. King struck the
fjrst note of a fantasia. Within a few
minutes the galleries, the space given up
to the chorus during the convention and
the auditorium chairs began to flil with
the admiring multitude. The applause
that greeted each number Was most gen
erous. A number of grand choruses were
included in the extempore programme and
all were received with fervor. Organist
King-was at nis best, and his manipula
tion of the instrument was all that could
be desired. It was after 10 o'clock when
the final note was struck and the audience
dispersed.' .
The finance committee has addressed an
appeal to Chinese Consul General Ho Tow
for a contribulion to the entertainment
fund, which was assured the committee
some time ago.' A substantial donation
was promised.
CCENES MARKING DEPARTURE
OF THE- EPWORTH LEAGUE
DELEGATES.
big building .was thronged by thousands,
who listened to the music of the grand
organ as they inspected the county and
other exhibits on the gallery floor. There
was much for the careful housewife to
see, and the critical tasting of prunes,
cooked in a dozen different ways, and the
munching of seedless Fresno raisins were
pleasures freely indulged in by the fem
inine contingent of San Franciscans' who
made the Pavilion their headquarters dur
ing the day.
There was little of interest to transpire
In the rooms of the general committee.
The place was practically deserted and
few of the white-capped aids were In evi
dence. Chairman Kingsbury of the reg
istration committee finally completed his
list during the afternoon, and it showed
that 19.047 leaguers had registered during
the last week. The total Christian En
deavor registration was 28,000. but as this
embraced members of all Protestant de
nominations, and the Epworth League is
composed of Methodists only, the latter,
comparatively, was by far the more suc
cessful."
Probably Small Surplus.
The Rev. Thomas Filben, chairman of'
the • general ' committee, left for Pacific
Grove yesterday to preside at the opening
session of the Chautauqua convention, of.
which he is chairman. He will return to
morrow, when a council of the sub-com
mittee chairmen will be held. The report
of the finance committee will then be of
fered. It is expected that there will be a
surplus, but It will doubtless be an insig
nificant one. Nearly $30,000 was raised by
the committee, and the expenses kept
pace with the rpceipts.
Two-thirds of the Leaguers have al
ready departedfor their homes, notwith
standing the fact that the heat through
out the East is terrifying at the present
OF INTEEEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted to Persons in Three
States and Number of Pat-
ents Issued.
WASHINGTON'. D. C. July 23.— The
'olio wing pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original — Henry Bottger,
Santa Barbara, SS;- David H. Jenkins, Los
Angeles, $6; Frank "Jordan, Los Angeles,
fS. Reissue and increase — Leander E.
Fish, Los Angeles, $S. Widows— Minors of
James C. Armstrong. Redlands. $12. War
with Spain— Original— Frank B. Adams.
San Francisro. $S; William Cadigan, San
Francisco, ?6.
Oregon— Increase— Warren Birdsell, La
Grande, $S.
Washington— Original— James B. Page.
Port Townsend, $6.
Rural free delivery: "Washington — Top
penis h, Yakima County.
Postoffice established: Washington—
Newland, Adams, David E. Newland,
postmaster.
The following patents were issued:
California— Charles F. Allen, San-Fran
cisco, ore washer; Andrew J. Bellah, Vi
salia, do-ice for perforating well tubes or
casings; John J. Betzold, Fresno, filter;
Jerome O. Boger. Redlands, plow; Benja
min F. Clarke, San Francisco, ventilator
and dust arrester; Eugene Estes, Los An
geles, extension table; Fred E. Fay. Los
Angeles, machine for ironing collars and
cuffs: Leune J. Johnston. Petaluma, ex
pansible pulley; Daniel Methven, Oakley,
snap hook; John J. Montgomery, Santa
Clara, concentrator: William E. Pedley,
Riverside, paper tube; Joseph E. Smith,
Pasadena, machine for gathering signa
tures; Joseph G. Sohn, Compton. washing
machine; Frederick W. Wood, San Fran
cisco, belt for oil concentrators.
Washington — Edward H. Fox, Olympia,
fastening device for trunks; Louis L.
Luce, Mount Vernon, bicycle handle bar;
William S. Macray. Cosmopolis, display
rack; Fred W. Prael. Fairhaven, can cut
ting machine; Marion D. Ryland, Spo
kane, hame tug: James L. Twyman, Fair
field, operating lever for hand cars; John
E. York. Lowell, vehicle running gear.
Oregon— Her.ry Garrett, Pendleton, lawn
mower.
Asylum Patient Hangs Herself.
SAN JOSE. July 23.— Miss Mabel Lock
ley, a patient at Agnews Asylum, com
mitted suicide last night by hanging her
self from the iron guard to the window
of her room. She had made a rope from
strips torn from a shawl she wore around
her neck and. standing on a chair, tied
the ropo to the top of the guard. She
then kicked the chair from under her.
Miss Lockley was 22 years old and was
committed to the asylum from Alameda
County two years ago.
SHOOTS AT A MAN WHO
THREATENED HER HOME
San Bernardino Woman Pluckily
Puts to Flight a Supposed
Incendiary.
SAX BERNARDINO. July 23.—Believ
ing that Jesus Moreno had come to burn
her home, Mrs. Manuel Quintana dis
charged the contents of a double-barreled
shotgun at his iftreating form shortly be
fore dark last evening, and thp. fact that
Moreno was not a subject for the Coroner
to-day was noc the fault of the -plucky
woman.
There was a serious stabbing affray at
Mrs. Quintana's home two weeks ago. in
which the participants were her liege lord
and Moreno. The latter was considerably
worsted in the fight and left the place
declaring he would return and set fire to
the house. He disappeared and was seen
no more until lact evening. •
When he eqtered the yard Mrs. Quin
tana saw him. and his threat of two
weeks ago quickly - flashed through her
mind. Supposing that Moreno had come
back to make good his vow she did not
wait for any :ormal greeting, but seized
a shotgun and blazed away. Moreno saw
that something was doing, and by the
time the woman was behind the gun he
was beating a retreat. It is not believed
that any shot took effect.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CASE
ARGUED AND SUBMITTED
Decision Is Awaited in the Action
Against the Nevada Board of
Assessors.
CARSON. July 23.— The case of the
Southern Pacific Railroad against the
State of Nevada for the adjustment of
taxes was argued before Judge Hawley
in the United States Circuit Court to-day.
The State Board of Assessors raised the
taxes from an average of $11,000 per mile
to $20,000. The company claims the Asses
sor acted without authority and fixed the
tax beyond the earnings of the road.
Judge Hawley took the case' under advise
ment.
S?.nta Clara County's "Wealth.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— The assessment
roll just completed by Assessor Spitzer
indicates the vast resources of Santa
Clara County. All property in the county
assessed foots up $50,643,985, against $50,
725,593 last year. This reduction is caused
by the tax being taken off church prop
erty and Stanford University. The as
sessment of church property was $177,915
and the Stanford University assessment
$200,185, making a total of $378,020.
Stolen Mail in His Pockets.
BAKER CITY, Or., July 23.— United
States Postofflce Inspectors Perkins and
Butler to-day arrested in the postofflce of
this city Henry J. Kinnison. a trusted
employe, on whose person were found
marked letters- containing money, stamps
and checks. Kinnison was released on
bail.
Warships at Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND, July 23.— The
United States war vessels Iowa. Wiscon
sin and Mohicaa arrived here at noon.
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
MEICDOCIXO. July 23.— Mendocino
County's lone highwayman, he who robbed
two stages neer Ukiah several days ago,
has transferred his operations to the coast
region. At least it is presumed that the
outlaw who to-day held up the coach that
runs between Mendocino and. Cazadero is
the same man who relieved about twenty
summer resorters from San Francisco and
vicinity of their wealth near the. county
seat. To-day he demonstrated that there
is something- of the "gentleman road
agent" in hi« make-up, for when he
learned that the passengers of the Men
docino-Cazadero stage were workingmen
he refused to take what coin they may
have had about them.
The stage was stopped at Dark Gulch,
five miles south of here, at 3 o'clock this
afternoon. It is evident that the high
wayman is a stranger in this vicinity, else
he would have known that for several
years this line has carried no Wells-Fargo
box. When the driver had obeyed the
command to stop the highwayman ordered
him to throw out the express box. He
was told that tnere was none aboard, but
declined to take the word of the driver,
making: a personal investigation of the
coach to satisfy himself that tne reins
man was telling the truth.
There were three passengers on the
stage. These were compelled to hold up
their hands wJiile the investigation was
proceeding. When he had satisfied him
self that there was no express on the
Etape the robber asked of the passengers:
"Are you fellows workingmen?"
"Do we look like millionaires?"' retorted
one of the tri-». while another, fearing to
arouse the highwayman, answered that
all three were toilers.
"You mar ko. I never rob a working
man," said the outlaw, ¦waving his hand
ahead as a command for the driver to
start his horses.
The robber was" armed with a single
barreled shotgun and masked with a
bandana handkerchief. He was of me
dium height and weighi. and the driver
pays his hair was short and curly. There
is only one detail that combats the belief
that he is the man who robbed the Ukiah
Fiage. That 5s that he appeared to be
somewhat nervous, while the Ukiah toll
- collector was the acme of good nature
and coolness, "»-ho seemed to regard the
levying of an enforced assessment against
well-to-do outing tourists as a matter of
course, and. something to be treated as
in the nature ct a joke.
Officers have gone to the scene of the
hold-up, but there is little likelihood that
they will effect the capture of the outlaw,
as the country fs> very wild and affords
pplendld cover, while in all probability he
is now far from the scene of his attempt
ed robbery. Stage owners are now wonder
ing where he will next appear. It is like
ly that shotgun messengers will soon be
riding on all at the coaches running in
this region.
Refuses to Take the Coin of
Workingmen Aboard
the Coach.
Lone Highwayman Acts
the Part of Philan
thropist.
HOLDS UP STAGE
NEAR MENDOCINO
General Public of San Francisco Is Permitted' to View County Exhibits, a
Privilege of Which Thousands Availed Themselves During the Day—Free
Grand Organ Recital Attracts an Immense Gathering of Music Lpvers
Scedal Dispatch to The Call.
¦ SACRAMENTO. July 23.— Superior Judge
E. C. Hart to-day sentenced Roy Fahey,
a footpad, to the Folsom State Prison for
life. In doing so Judge Hart served no
tice upon all criminals of Fahey's class
that they need expect no mercy at his
hands should they be brought before the
bar of his court. Fahey was convicted a
few days ago of having held up and
robbed A. L. Fortson. telegraph editor of
the Record Union, while the latter was
on his way home from his work. Enright,
a companion of Fahey In recent robberies,
has pleaded guilty, but it is expected that
small mercy v.-ill be shown him when he
comes up for sentence on Saturday.
In consigning Fahey to imprisonment
for the rest of his life Judge Hart said:'
You and Enrleht evidently were strangers
to this Jurisdiction. When you came here to
ply your unlawful vocation you were evidently
not familiar with the policy which has been
established and followed by this court, of
Inflicting the severest penalty for offenses such
as the one in which you are involved before
the court now. It has been the policy of the
court to show no leniency to. a man "who will
go out into the dark and conceal his identity,
stand in a corner with a weapon— a slungshot
or something of that sort— for the purpose of
striking and perhaps killing or shooting some
citizen of the community — some honest, honor
able citizen who works hard to accumulate*the
little that he has. It you had been familiar
with the policy of this court on these questions,
probably you would not nave come here.
Citizens of this community do not want your
kind of people, here. We are a civilized com
munity here in California; we have civilized
laws; we have civilized manners and civilized
ways; we want no outlaws here.. My Idea is,
and always has been, that there are no spe
cial circumstances which should appeal to a
court In a. case of highway robbery or mid
night burgrlary. and as long as I am on this
bench I do not propoee to exercise any degree
of leniency in cases of highway robbery or
midnight burglary. It has got to be stopped
In this community, if it can be done through
the instrumentality of this court.
Fahey' took his sentence without visible
emotion. lie and Enright have a hard
record in the Northwest.
It is. therefore, the Judgment of this court
that you be confined in the State prison at Fol
s=om for the term of your natural life.
"Warns Robbers What to Ex
pect When Convicted
in His Court.
LIFE SENTENCE
FOR A FOOTPAD
Judge Hart Gives Roy
Fahey the Extreme
Limit.
has since writhed unceasingly in unutter
able agony. .
An operation was performed upon Rev.
Mr. Sprinkle's knees on Monday and
he is now resting easier. His small
store of funds about exhausted, he was
loth to "make his condition known, but
when it was ascertained that he was a
Mason his case was immediately reported
to the officers of that organization by
Mr. Waste. It will be several weeks be
fore Rev. Mr. Sprinkle will be in a position
to return to his home. He bears his dis
appointment at not being able to attend
the convention with less equanimity than
he does the tortures his ailment inflicts.
His one great regret is that he, who trav
eled so far to attend the convention,
should have been the only one in the city
who was not privileged to attend.
The headquarters of the committee will
be removed to the Young Men's Christian
Although the idea is a new one, a great
deal of interest is shown In the movement,
which may result In solving the problem
surrounding the oil market. .
It is the determination to have the chief
feature of the new commercial enterprise
the acquirement by purchase of oU prop
erties, oil stocks, pipe lines, tanks, pump
ing plants, oil contracts and other prop
erty necessary for carrying on the oil
business, and to accomplish the manage
ment, operation and disposition of the
property and assets by one agency. The
capital stock will not be less than $75,000,
000 nor more than $100,000,000.
BAKERSFIELD, July 23.— There Is a
stupendous project on foot, having for
its object the consolidation into one pow
erful concern of all the oil interests of
Kern County, with a view of controlling
the output of the fields and so regulating
the price as to bring the producer a fair
compensation on his product. W. S. Por
ter of Los Angeles Is the ostensible pro
moter of the plan, though it is said that
a number of the stronsest companies in
this county are giving the movement
their cordial .support. Already articles
of agreement have been sent out tq the
operating companies, and these, it is re
ported, have been signed by many of the
leading concerns. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
$75,000,000.
Proposed Combine to Be Cap
italized at Not Less TJian
9
Big Concerns Take Up a
Project to Pool
Interests.
MAY UNITE ALL
OIL COMPANIES
EIGHT MEN LOST
IN YUKON WILDS
Crews of Two Barges od
the Northern Kiver
Disappear.
SEATTLE, July 23.— The steamship Hum*
boldt. with $100".COO in treasure, arrived to
day from Alaska. - She had eighty pas
sengers. The Humboldt brings the news
that two' river barges have been found
deserted and the eight men who were in
charge of them gone; that three ocean
barges belonging to Black Sullivan, laden
with 300 tons of merchandise, bound for
Dewson via Ft. Michael, have been
wrecked near Kodiak. The ocean barges
struck on a rocky Island Just east of Ko
diak Island.
Eight men started from "White Horse on
June 10 and 12 for Dawson In two scows,
which were later found • on -Freemans
Point, and the police believe the men aro
lost. They are now searching the river.
The missing are:
GEORGE McLEOD.
J. McGUIRE. i
D. O'CONNOR.
F. LiYNCH.
ANTONE TURRENE.
C. TYRRELL.
j. m. taylor,
t. McDonald.
Freemans Point is below big Salmon.
Coyote Claims Case Argued..
SACRAMENTO, July 23.— The case of
J. J. Rauer and the San Francisco Ix>an
and Collection Company against the
State, involving $50,000 in coyote scalp
claims, was heard before Judge Shields
to-day and argued by T. Carl Spelling and-
Grove L. Johnson for the plaintiffs. Dep
uty Attorney General Sturtevant appear
ing for the State. Nearly all of the ob
jections of defendant were overruled and
the case was taken under advisement.
' .' *
Steamer Kates Go Up.
PORTLAND. July 23.— The Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company to-day an
nounced an increase In rates on steamers
between Portland and San Francisco, ef
fective July 26. The new rates are as fol
lows: Cabin passage, including meals and
berth, $15; steerage passage, including
meals and berth, $10.
i - .
James J. Easly Takes for His Bride
. a Student of the Normal
School.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— James J. Easly. an
attorney of Seattle, Wash., was'married
here to-day to Miss Maude Warren, who
for the last two years has been' attending
the State Normal School here. The bride
is also of Seattle. " *
Miss Warren, who is a great favorite
here, guarded her secret well and but few
of her friends knew that she was to be
married. £ •
The wedding this morning was the se
quel to a love romance which began In
the northern State.' It was an elaborate
affair and took place in St. Joseph's
Church. A beautiful nuptial mass was
celebrated by Rev. Fathers Sasla and
O'Malley. Miss Mary Nolting was maid
of honor and William J. Leet was best
man.
Mr. and Mrs. Easly left on a tour of the
southern part of the State, 'after which
they will make their home in Seattle.
SEATTLE ATTOBNEY
. WEDS IN SAN JOSE
Trial of Agnew Begins.
SAN RAFAEL, July 23.— The trial of
Deputy Constable George Agne,w for hav
ing sturgeon lines in his possession was
commenced to-day before Judge Angel
lotti. A jury was sworn and several wit
nesses were examined thl3 afternoon. Ag
new is seeking to prove that he lent John
George money last March to buy a fishing
outfit. George bought sturgeon lines and
failed to return the loan. Agnew later
sent Charles Llngett to get the lines from
Marin Island, with the intention of sell
ing them to Dr. McNear, from whom
George had bought them. The case Is be
ing prosecuted by the Fish Commission.
PAVILION CLOSES AND EPWORTH
LEAGUE CONVENTION IS A MEMORY
Jenkins Wins at Wrestling.
[.'MILWAUKEE," July 23.— Tom Jenkins
defeated . Charles Moth of ' Milwaukee to
night . In; a. catch-as-catch-can • wrestling
match,. winning. two straight falls.
Snecial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, July 23.— The
United States revenue cutter McCulloch
sailed this morning for the Channel
Islands, to break up a gang of smugglers
that is believed to be making the islands
its rendezvous. *It is said that the oper
ations of the smugglers have assumed
large proportions, and j the Government
vessel' may be kept busy for a time in
ridding the channel of them. The ganqf
has been clever : in evading' the Govern
ment officials, and Is believed to have a
well regulated shore system to handle
contraband goods./. ••. >.• '.••;¦
¦ Revenue •Collector Greenwell of thl.s
place. has been cruising among the Islands
for some time. Stories of smuggling have
been reported here from time to time, and
a watch, has been kept, but so' far no
catches have, been made. Secret service
men have been working on the case and
there are several suspects in this city.
¦. ¦ ¦ ¦. • - . • ¦ . f • .. : - '
ready been made, the balance to be paid
$5000. each ,. year, -with interest at 4. per
cent. The unusual condition Is that if
Colonel Northam's death should occur at
any. time, prior to the completion of the
payment of $100,000, the .' sum then paid
shall be'> deemed full, settlement ¦ for the
ranch and a clear deed passed according
ly. In other words, if Colonel Northam
should ? die within - the present year the
purchasing corporation would secure the
ranch for $10,000, next year for $15,000 and
so, on. But as the colonel now appears
there seems little doubt of his living the
entire • eighteen yeara required for him to
receive -the full $100,000. :.
Cutter McCulloch' Sails
for the Channel
{' Islands.
"BOB" NORTHAM
TAKES A BRIDE
GOES IN QUEST
OP SMUGGLERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— Colonel Robert J.
Northam of Los Angeles was married here
to-day to Miss Leotia Keyll Stoney, a
pretty typewriter from the Angel City.
There is a -tinge of romance to the mar
riage, owing, to the fact that Northam is
53 years of age and his bride but 20. In
procuring the license the groom gave. as
nis native State Pennsylvania and hers
Kansas. y
Colonel Northam and Miss Stoney, ar
rived here at 8:30 o'clock this morning and
at once went to the residence of the Colo
nel's brother, E. P. Northam, on Willow
street. A license was procured and Dr.C.
H. Mockbridge of the Episcopal church
performed the ceremony in the presence
of immediate relatives. A short honey
moon will be spent in the central part of
the State. J *
LOS ANGELES, July 23.— The marriage
of Colonel Northam and Miss Stoney Is
the sequel to. a pretty romance. Miss
Stonev has been engaged in this city, for
some time as a stenographer. She lost her
position two or three months ago and
applied to Manager Wyatt of the Los An
geles Theater for a chance to go upon the
stage, Colonel Northam is Wyatt's part
ner in the theatrical business, and through
this connection he met Miss Stoney. He
at r on ce became an ". ardent suitor, f or. " her
hand, arid that success has rewarded him
is evidenced by the news that comes from
San Jose. ¦ Colonel \ Northam j lost his for
mer- wife some months ago," which ac
counts for the fact \ that his wedding to
Miss Stoney was : so quietly celebrated
away from their home city.
¦ Colonel ? Northam : is the capitalist who
recently sold the splendid Mesa ranch at
Bolsa Chico upon terms . which gave to
the deal the I nature of a life insurance
proposition. The Western • Coast Land
an<r, Water Company was ;¦• the , purchaser
and' the ultimate consideration Is to • b©
$100,000. Under, the contract a • cash.pay
ment 1 - of 110,000 is. required, which < has al
¦-y-.-n .;¦-'.:.- ¦¦¦•:¦ . '•. ¦• .' ¦•¦:¦• : '- '
Los Angeles Theatrical
Man Weds a Miss
of Twenty.
time. The superb weather • which pre
vailed here all of last week thoroughly
charmed the visitors, many of whom an
nounced their intention of taking up their
residence within the near future in "the
Italy of America." Of the Leaguers still
in the city many will go to Monterey to
day, thence East via the southern route.
Many are now in the Yosemite and not
a few have gone to Shasta County and
other counties in the northern part of the
State for brief visits prior to beginning
their homeward journey. . ¦
Pathetic Case of Rev. Mr. Sprinkle.
A pathetic case which was brought' to
the attention of Chairman W. H. Waste
of the reception committee is that of
Rev. "R. Li. Sprinkle, who is lying seri
ously ill in the Bellevue Sanitarium. Rev.
Mr. Sprinkle is a Methodist pastor of Fort
Ogden, Florida, and head of the Epworth
League of the De Soto district in the ex
treme southern part of Florida. He was
chosen as a delegate to the Epworth Con
vention and arrived here with pleasant
anticipations last Tuesday .morning.
While crossing: the Sierras he caught a
severe cold, which brought on an attack
of inflammatory rheumatism" in the knee
joints. Instead of attending the sessions
of the convention the reverend gentleman
was taken to the sanitarium, where he
:¦..'¦:_¦.. . ¦ ¦ : . . ¦ ¦¦ . . . . ¦ ' .;>
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 24, 1901.
3
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy;
kidney and bladder specialist, promptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nervous-
ness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating, sallow complexion, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, suppres-
sion of urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and night.
The mild end extraordinary effect of Dr
Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is soon realized. K
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists In fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes. Tou may have a sample bot-
tle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about It, Including
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers cured, both sent free by
mail. "Write Dr. Kilmer & Co., Btngham-
ton, N. Y., and please mention that you
read this generous offer In the San Fran-
cisco Dally Call.
SAMPLE EOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the eminent
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
MT r TP» tf - Hi
> la a - la iPi
KB A 11 (w B&
I reasons I
I are many
H There are a number of reasons ' r-'lm 8
S why our $10.00 made-to-order iffiB
fij clothes are of interest to you. iH
H We say of interest to you, be- |i
H cause we assume that when you ii
II order clothes you want a good, W
9 substantial suit for the least pos- KKKp^lliisH \^m
sible money. yS%Zd8Br^^fy JiiMin\ n
H Our regular $10.00 made-to-
9 order suits are splendid values wS^iS B
ii right along. -At present we are
El offering at the same price some 1
PI $12.50 and $15.00 goods which |7 B
B we reduced, as they were some • m
H light, summery patterns we • Ps
fif wanted to sell now. 0agJ8fllgjiHfafc — -H
Sa The reduced goods will be _JsKmB^9 If B
ra made up in the same careful yk_^^^^mL. 1^ J 1 m
|| manner as our regular $10.00
13 garments.
BBS " •" ' 17 H
ft! Suns 4/iO. • ' ;, ; .; '';¦„'•: A' B
H We guarantee* a fit and perfect /frj E&te^jj
HI satisfaction. The guarantee is €j@P*2 as. n
B good for a year. We repair suits jpru&pP 1 * .W/feaT
H for a year after purchase.
H We allow you the privilege of jjw
IH and getting your money back.
HI You don't run any risk bu\ ing j||
|1 Our samples! are free for the asking fcl
In Suits . for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made f|j
gS-v. through our self-measuring system— write for samples. 23
I 718 Market Street and |
¦ Cor. Po\yell arid Eddy .'-Streets. m
6#l\ l^H* *^^ tF*^K&<i!rrw^ ' thank you for the benefit I received from your advice and the Wine of Cardui 1 took. B&a
Kfffmii>vt **& Ja&Mn KK« ' n m y terr 'b' e con d ition m y I'fc v" no pleasure to me at all and I was of no use to /$|f
oi^lh^A "^2slte^S?*fl[ K ** anybody. After receiving your advice and medicine I commenced taking it and began |ga
fCill F«n?Kji%Mift^lmlia Immediately to improve. The pains left me and the menses, which came at the correct l| a
Hi2^'ffi^^"* -^pM$lcfim'ffl time, continued three days. I have gained strength and my weight has increased. My fjj>>2
P^flr^^L '^SSilllllBrw husband says the medicine has msde me better looking than ever before. Mja
f&gSpr* ' Mrj - LIZZIE MANNELL mk
|g f H Womanly health means bright eyes, rosy cheeks, clear complexion and Wj&
fl f elasticity of form. This is the youth unmeasured by years — the beauty of per- ||a
H.\ feet womanhood. Beautiful women are happier and .get more out of life than fa
|S\ \ a /~s^ e ' r $ls^ cr$ whose faces indicate suffering. Wine of Cardui made Mrs. Mannell mm
—^^Sw| "better looking" and infinitely happier because it cured her of those terrible J|f
is giving thousands of women health, beauty and freedom from the dragging pains which have made May
m& their lives so miserable. Wan faces, haggard eyes and emaciated forms arc the results of suffering. fig
£|| What suffering can compare with the torture of irregular menstruation, leucorrhoea and falling of the KgA
H|i womb ! Beauty flies quickly before the ravages of such disease. The sharp pains of falling of the kJR
1|| womb deepen the crow tracKs in the face. Menstrual irregularities rob the eye of its fire and the com-
gll plexion of its transparency. Leucorrhoea drains the body of its strength, but Wine of Cardui restores flga
§1,3 the natural beauty, brightens the eye, dears the complexion, rounds out the figure and brings back W&
i|| the vigor of health. Every druggist in thU city handles $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui. Eja
ffj For adrfce and literature, address, giving cymptoms, "Tho Lndioa* Advisory \ Btt
Jgjgl Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tonn. Bj; , " WEDNESDAY. JULY 24.*
Sun rises '. 5:03
Sun sets .' 7:27
Moon ,sets. .....:... .". ...... .0:00 a. to.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrenco as to time of
day; the third tlmo column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides. .as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are. In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
tho number given la subtracted from the "depth
given by,tha charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
"The Missouri Pacific "Limited.".
The only route having through sleeping
car service between" San Francisco and St.
Louis? daily. Stop-overs allowed -at Salt
Lake City. ; For^full -information ask -I*.
M. Fletcheri 126 California street. :» ; •
-.- Time: Ball.
Branch Hydrographic" Office, U. S.. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, ', San Francisco, Cal.,
July 23, 1901. •¦:'. ¦¦¦ ' • : - „• ¦ . ,'¦ - . .
The time ball on the tower of the .new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly I noon to-day—
l.~-e.', at noon of the. 120th .meridian. ¦ or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich ' time. »•¦ •¦
•' C. G! CALKINS, ;
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Ida McKay, hence July 14; schr Fortuna,
hence July 16. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ >
Sailed July 23— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. --.-:<• . . • •_ .. . " ¦'..¦¦ ; - ¦ ¦ •
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 23— Schr W H
Talliot, for Shanghai; schr Wm Olsen, for La
haina. . . - . » . .: :. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 23— Schr Defi
ance, for San Francisco. .. •¦ ¦¦ ~
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived, July 23— Ship C
F Sarscnt, from Honolulu. ¦ •
Arrived July 23— Schr King Cyrus, from
Honolulu. " ¦
Passed in July 23— Brig W G Irwin, from
Roche Harbor. ¦ . ¦¦ ¦=,;•. ••-. ,
ST MICHAKI^-Arrived July 3— Schr Falcon,
hence June 6.
Spoken by schr Falcon in Unimak Pass— Schr
Robert R Hind, from Seattle, #or St Michael.
SEATTLK— Sailed July 22— Stmr Cottage
City, for Skaguey; ¦_¦¦ ¦••--*•. ¦•> ;,-¦.- ¦ , •• .
Ai rived- Jubr*22— Stmr. Victorian, from Skag
uay; ship John A Briggs, frqm Tacoma. :July
23— Stmr Humboldt, from Skaguay. ¦ •:
Sailed July 23— Bktn Portland, for Nome;
Jap stmr Kaga Maru, for Hongkong. ,:•-.-
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed July i 22— Stmr Des
patch, for San" Francisco.. ¦•¦¦ .. ¦¦ ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed July 23-Ship Balclutha,
from Honolulu.
Passed out July 23— Schr. Commerce, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco. ¦'-.'••• . •
Passed lu July 23-Stmr Santa Ana, from
Nome.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 23— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
Arrived July 33— Schr Mary E Russ, hence
July 14.
ISLAND PORTS.
ELEELE— Arrived July : 9— Schr Forester,
from Newcastle, Aus.
KAHULUI— Arrived July 12— Bark W B
Flint, hence June 29. July 14— Stmr Hawaiian,
from Honolulu. . . •¦ •' ¦¦¦.-.
HANA— Arrived July 8-Schr H C Wright,
hence June 22. •;.-.- ¦. -. - ' :-
HILO— In port July 12— Bark Martha Davis
and schr Ottllle Pedersen, from Tacoma. . .,
HONOLULU— Sailed July 12— Schr Prosper,
for Pupet Sound. July 16— Br stmr Doric, for
Hongkong.
Arrived July 17— Stmr Ventura, hente July 11.
July 10— Bark Rufus E Wood, from Newcastle,
Aus. ' •„ * "• •
EASTERN PORT..
NEW YORK— Arrived July 22-Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon.- . • ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT NAT \L-Arrlved July 22-Chll bktn
Alta, from Port Ludlow. ; Mi: . v : •
NANAIMO— Arrived July 22— Stmr Mlneola.
hence July IS, to sail July 23, for Port Los
Angeles. >.; ... ¦ , . .• ::, : .r
PANAMA— Arrived July 10— Br stmr Colum
bia, hence June 18, and sailed July 11, for Val
paraiso. •- ¦ • ; ' ••Vi l
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 22— Br ship
Lord Cairns, hence March 13; Ger bark Marie
H.ickfeld, from Oregon; ; Br ship Comliebank,
from Orejon. . -. ¦¦ ¦¦ .¦¦< ¦ • ¦¦ ¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 19— Br stmr Hy
son, for Seattle. July 21— Br stmr Queen Ade
laide, for Tacoma. ..:,";.:; - :
MORORAN— Sailed July 21— Br stmr Imo
gen, for San Francisco. ¦• • ¦ ¦ ¦ • • ¦•• ¦
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to July 23— Br stmr
Mlowera, from Vancouver. ...... .. r .
In pert June 29— Bktn . Echo, for Honolulu.
MELBOURNE— Arrived June 20— Br j ship
Glocseaj>, from Tacoma.' ¦ . .. ¦
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Chartered June 29— Br
ship Cleomene, for Oregon; Br ship Drumbur
ton, for Honolulu: Br . ship Drumcraisr, for
Honolulu; Br ship Drummuir. for Honolulu;
Br bark Hinemoa. for San Francisco; bark
James Nesmlth, for Honolulu; Br ship Marion
Fraser, for San Francisco; Br ship Pleione,
for San Francisco; ship Reuce, for Honolulu;
bark Sonoma, for - Honolulu: Br ship Torrls
dale, for Oregon. : - •*>•¦ -
In oort loadinsr, June 23^-Nor ship Anglla,
for Panama: Fr bark EmDereur Menelik, for
San Francisco: «hin Kennebec, for Acapulco;
Br ship Marechal Suchet, for Acapulco;.' ship
Plelcne, for San Francisco.- ' \ ¦• <¦
Sailed June 14— Nor bark Olivia, for Pana
ma. \June 19— ShiD John ,-Ena, for San Fran
cisco. * . ¦ •'¦ i ¦
CORONEL— Sailed July 17— Stmr Oregonian,
for San Francisco. ¦ -
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived July 22— Bark Co
lonu, hence June 13. i :¦¦'::. •':;
Sailed July 21— Schr Joseph Russ, for Port
Townsend. ,. -: -..: ; . -. '«*
¦ MOLLENDO— Sailed July, 6— Br ship Samo
ena," for Oregon... • •.-.,. : : - .-.¦ :•.. -.¦ .
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 21— Br bark Auld
girth. hence March 13.;. .*....-;;-.; ::.:.
Passed July 21— Br ship Arranmore. hence
March 13, for United Kingdom; Br ship Aus
trasia, hence March 1, for United Kingdom.
CALETA • BUENA— Sailed July 7— Ger stmr
Denderah, for Hamburg.- July 1»— Br bark East
Indian, for Portland, Or. f-: • ¦. ¦ : ¦•¦'.;
In port June 13— Ger bark Placilla, for San
Francisco.-- •' ,....: ".:': 7
I CALLAO-Salled May, 30— Per bark Santa
Rosa, for Port ' Townsend. •¦'. June . 8— Br ship
Combermere, for Royal Roads. - '¦-¦¦¦
LIZ ARD— Passed July 21— Fr bark Bossuet,
from Oregon, for United Kingdom. : - ¦. . .
KINSALE— Passed July 22— Br ship Celtic
burn, hence March 13. for United Kingdom.;;
GUAYAQUIL-Sailed July 6— Br stmr Adato,
for Oregon. ..¦.:¦,.-¦ ••¦! — ¦. •.."•¦ ¦¦-•:-
MANILA— Sailed July 16— Br stmr Ping Suey,
f or . London. -;..: \ >¦ - -• ¦'¦ : : "...
SUVA— Arrived June 10— Schr C A Thayer.
from/ Grays Harbor and sailed about' July 1
for Grays Harbor. .¦ ; ;--:;¦ ; -¦¦•;• ;• ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Arrived : July '23— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelmder Grosse, from • Bremen, ; Southamp
ton . and Cherbourg; .-. stmr • Southwark, -,'f rom
Antwerp; stmr Ethiopia; ;,from , Glasgow. - and
Moville.-.- -:..-'< :.; : /..-.-- ..";; ... -• .;
'YOKOHAMA— Arrived' July 21— Stmr > Em
press - of ¦ China. - from •: Vancouver; .' stmr "¦ Vic
toria, from Tacoma, ¦ for Hongkong. '...... -¦ .
Sailed June, 21— Stmr, Queen Adelaide,- from
Honekonsr. from .Tacoma. -' "•¦ ••' '¦¦•~r.' '¦'¦$¦:¦
BOULOGNE— Arrived *. July 23— Stmr • . Pots
dam,*- from New ¦ York,- for -Rotterdam.; ".-%- .-:Z
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 23— Stmr Ivernla,
for i Queenstown and Bceton. : : - '.;.' '" ¦¦-¦. ¦ »»
. PLYMOUTH— Sailed; July. 23— Stmr . Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg, for New : Yprk. ¦ ; . •;
.! HAMBURG-^Sailed : July 23^-Stmr Belgravla,
•for New York.-. ; -V ; - ".,... •'-' '¦-¦ \ '-, , ¦• ••:,.• : ¦- .• '
¦ BOSTON — Arrived ! July . 23--Stmr Peruvian,
from - Glasgow. ..-¦ ¦ • ' -.,--..« . ;; • - x :¦<¦.. - *. ;'
PORTLAND, Me^-Arrlved ' July 23— Stmr Ot
toman,'from Liverpool." ••. H : '-" '¦ "-¦<¦¦¦¦ .-"•.•.;.;
SYDNEY,:. NSW— Arrived prior to 'July 23-r
Stmr ; Miowera, from ¦ Vancouver, } B C, via Bris-
MORORAN— Sailed July' 21— Stmr Imogene,
frcm Manila, for San Francisco or Portland.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
; Times, and Helen ts of : Hfgh and Low-
Waters . at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ..: Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent, f.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later, than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Miss Shaver's Body Pound.
TOSEMITE, July 23.— The body of Sadie
lhaver. the girl who was drowned in the
STILLWATER, Minn., July 23.—Cole
man and James Younger, after their
twenty-five years in the State prison, win
begin work as salesmen for a St. Paul
dealer in gravestones and monuments.
Warden "Wolfer to-day signed the con
tracts for their new work and they will
leave for St. Paul to begin their new
duties to-morrow. .
Youngers in Tombstone Business.
Merceu rapiad two weexs ago, wa^ found
to-day by a camper four miles from the
place where tho boat capsized.
made a motion before Judge Murasky
yesterday noon to dissolve the injunction
heretofore issued in accordance with the
petition of the Southern Pacific Company
restraining the "scalpers" from dealing
In Epworth League excursion tickets In
particular and all tickets in general. The
scalpers based their motion on the un
uisual ground that the Southern Pacific
Company was not entitled to. the equita
ble relief sought, "as a remedy to prevent
damage to the company through the op
eration of the 'scalpers' rests in the hands
of the agents and employes of the com
pany."
The "scalpers" contend that the com
pany may prevent the abuse it complains
of by refusing to recognize any tickets
that may have come through the hands
of the "scalpers" and may eject passen
gers riding on such tickets.' Such a rem
edy being in the hands of the railroad's
agents, the employes, the "scalpers" con
tend, closes the doors of a court of equity
to the company.
Attorney P. P. Dunne, representing the
Southern Pacific, had just completed his
statement of facts when an adjournment
until this morning was ordered.
SCALPERS SEEKING TO
DISSOLVE INJUNCTION
Say Railroad Is ; Not _ Entitled to
Equitable Relief, Having An
"¦• other Remedy.
A. Ottinger and other ticket "scalpers"
Prevention of Cruelty to Children re
ceived- information yesterday of the ar
rest of a man and woman named Farenna
in Jackson, Amador County, for allowing
a five-year-old" girl who was with them
to give public exhibition of snake charm
ing. Suspicion has also been aroused that
the child is one which has been kidnaped.
The little girl is compelled to handle and
twine about herself a score of reptiles,
while the man and the woman collect con
tributions from the spectators. As a cul
minating act she takes the head of a
huge copperhead in her mouth.
It is stated that she is weak mentally
and physically and entirely unfitted to do
the work to which she is driven. She
bears not the slightest resemblance to the
people who claim to be her parents, but
she is not competent to tell anything
about herself. A strong effort will, be
made to rescue her from her position and
place her with people who will take care
of her. -
CHILD COMPELLED TO
' ACT AS SNAKE CHARMER
Charitable Society Plans to Rescue a
• r Little Girl From Revolting
. Occupation.
Secretary "White of the Society for the
The owners of the schooner A. J. "West
are not feeling very happy over the pros
pect of paying $1000 fine for bringing Jap
anese stowaways to this country. The
"West left Manila March 28 for San Fran
cisco, but was caught In a typhoon and
had to put into Yokohama leaking. She
sailed from Japan for Grays Harbor June
1 and when three days out the captain
found fou-r. Japanese .women and three
men stowed away. On arriving at Grays
Harbor on the 10th Inst. the Japanese ran
away but were recaptured by the authori
ties. After _an examination It rwas found
that two -women -and one man could not
be lande"d so the owners of the schooner
have to pay all costs of court and also the
passage . "of the deported ¦¦ people I from
Grays Harbor back to Japan. - *--.- .-
Troubles of the A. J. "West.
Nearly Dro-wned Near Belvedere.
Alexander McCord of the firm of Scott
& McCord Aas ' nearly drowned Monday
As it. is, he owes his life to the presence
of mind of William O'Donnell. McCord
and a party of friends went on a" flshlne
trip on the launch C. A. McNeill When
off. Belvedere the launch rolled a little and
McCord lost his balance and fell overboard
He could not swim and was going down
for-the last- Hmewhen O'Donnell went- to
his assistance and got him ¦ back to t h«
launch.' It took all hands to get him
aboard, as he .weighs 265 pounds ¦•
Oil Question Comes TJp To-l>ay.
The Railroad Commissioners : held a
short session yesterday. To-day they meet
at 9:30 o'clock and: will .take* ud the mi
question. Oil down in the SanJaa
quln Valley claim that they are chared
excessive rates : for.; /switching ant the
transportation of petroleum to*thls°cltv
They ¦ protested to the Railroad ComSS.*
slonera. the railroad companies renlhM
and the matter will be broufht up to-day^
BALTIMORE.IW., July 23.— Archie Mc-
Ea'cbern, the Canadian bicycle rider, de
feated Albert Champion, the Frenchman,
In a twenty-mile motor-paced race' to
night at the Coliseum, finishing four and
a half lengths ahead, in 32:37%.-.' •
VISALJA, July 23.— Twenty-five thou
sand rainbow trout were received in Visa
lia to-day from the State Fish Commis
sion. These fish were liberated in the
streams at Three Rivers and Mineral
King. -.
Canadian Defeats a Frenchman.
Trout for Tulare Streams.
STOCKTON, July 23.— Nicholas Smith,
the former leas^e baseball player, was
committed to the asylum to-day. Smith
formerly played second base for the
Stockton team. His mind has been af
fected for some time and on Sunday he
became r very -violent, threatening to kill
several persons. He has a wife and child.
, . — «.
Veteran Baseball Player Insane.
CHICAGO, July 23.— Milwaukee of Mil
waukee crossed the line first to-day, .in
the third trial race for the Canada cup.
Her victory was complete, as she led the
Detroit over the finishing mark by over
two minutes and beat the Cadillac and
Illinois by about six minutes. The race
was. over a triangular course, twenty-one
miles in length, each leg of the course
being seven miles. The wind blew at
eight miles from the northeast, and dur
ing the latter part of the race increased to
twelve miles.
MH-waukee Wins a Trial Race.
Results of . the Playing in National
and American Leagues.
' ¦ . AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, July 23.-Captaln Clark of the
Washington team called his men off the field in
the ninth inning after O'Brien had crossed the
plat* with the tying run. He claimed O'Brien
cut third base, but Umpire Connelly forfeited
the came to Cleveland, 9 to 0. Attendance,
10M. The score:
¦ .;¦; R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 10 1
Washington 4 8 6
Catteries— Scott and Teiger; Carrick " and
Clark. : .
. CHICAGO. July 13.— Two bases on balls, four
hite and three errors in the second rave Chi
cago six runs, which proved too big' a lead for
Philadelphia to overcome., Attendance, .2000.
The score:
R. H. E.
Chic«ifo 1 10 9 5
Philadelphia 6 10 4
Batteries— Katoll. Griffin and Sugden; Wiltse,
Smith and Powers.
MILWAUKEE, July 23.— Milwaukee's pitch
ers again fared badly at the hands of their
associctes, Friel making three errors, which
lost the frame. Cuppy and Hustings were
knocked out of the box and were relieved by
Mitchell and . Garvin. Attendance, 1500. The
score:
R. H. E.
Milwaukee 7 . 11 5
Boston... » 5 2
Batteries— Hustings, Garvin and Maloney;
Cuppy. Mitchell and Shirock.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, July 23.— The home team
defeated Boston for the second time in the
prep«nt serios to-day in a game that abounded
•iv'th pretty plays. Both pitchers did good
work. Attendance, S1TL The score:
R. H. E.
Boston 19 1
Philadelphia 2 7 0
HatterieF— DIneen and Moran; Dugglesby and
McFarland. Umpire— Emflie.
PITTSBURG. JuTy 23.— Pittsburg had an easy
time with the Clncinnatis. Chesbro had the
visitor" »t his mercy and struck out eleven
men. Clark's one. two. three and four-baggers
were the features of the game. Attendance,
S80U. The E core: r -
PlUsburg ! -? S
Cincinnati 2 11 S
natteries— Chesbro and "O'Connor; Hahn and
Bercen. . Umpire— OlDay.
ST, LOUIS, July *3.— Loose playing by Chi
cago gave St. Louis three in the first and two
were added on hits in the eighth and ninth.
Consecutive wild throws by Padden and Ryan
started Harper's misfortunes and he was easy
for the next two innlncs. Attendance 1000.
The8COre: R. H. E.
St. -Loui 6 9 2
Chicago 6 7 3
Butteries— Harper, Sudhoff and Ryan; Taylor
and . Kahoe. Umpire— Xash.
NEW YORK, July 23.— Brooklyn won to-day
by bunching their hits. Hughes was steady
throughout. Attendance. 4300. The score:
R.^.H. E.
*N>w York 3 10 1
Brooklyn 8 IS 2
Batteries— Matthewson and Ward; Hughes
axd Farrell. Umpire— Dwjer.
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
MAIL STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA IN A STORM OFF THE COAST". OF NEW
ZEALAND. SHE WAS HOVE TO FOR TWO DAYS, BUT MADE UP
THE LOST TIME AND CAME IN YESTERDAY ON SCHEDULE TIME.
SUIT OVER A MINE
CAUSES MORE TROUBLE
John McGinnis Declares the Amalga
mated Company Has No
Right to Stock.
BUTTE, Mont., July 23.— John McGln
nis, vice president and general manager
of the Montana Ore Purchasing Company,
has brought another suit In the District
Court hero against the Boston and Mon
tana Company, its directors and officers,
the Amalgamated Company antf its presi
dent to have a receiver appointed for the
Boston and Montana. He asserts that the
Amalgamated has no right to any of the
shares of the Boston and Montana and
asks that the shares now held by it be
canceled and surrendered to the latter
company. ¦ - ¦ L.
The transfer of control in the Boston
and Montana was made to the Amalga
mated recently through the. decision of
the New Jersey court. McGinnl3 claims
the interests of the minority stockholders
in the Boston and Montana are being
prejudiced by the transfer of control. He
owns a hundred shares.
SHE TOOK HIS MONEY
THEN MARRIED ANOTHER
William Jennings Sues His Fickle
Fiancee to Whom He Made /
Many Presents.
William Jennings, a fireman on one of
the Panama steamers, told his troubles
yesterday to Justice of the Peace Dan
iels. Jennings Is suing Mrs. Eliza Tyson
and her husband. James B. Tyson, to re
cover-the sum of $130. alleged to have been
advanced to Mrs. Tyson by Jennings when
she was Miss Eliza Jones. Jennings
went away on his steamer and came back
expecting to be united to Miss Jones, but
was deeply, grieved to discover that he
had been supplanted in the lady's affec
tions by Tyson, who had courted and mar
ried her while Jennings was on the briny
deep.
Jennings was on the stand and tearfully
told how he had turned over his bank
book, containing a deposit of ¦ $350.
to Miss Jones. He had drawn arme of
the money to buy his supposed fiancee a
watch,a pair nf. diamond earrings, a dia
mond ring and a pair of opera-glasses.
When Jennings learned that his charmer
had married another he went to her resi
dence and made a demand .for the articles
he had given rrer. Tyson returned them
all with the exception cf the opera-gla»ses
but refused to surrender- the balance of
the money, amounting to H30. Tht jew
elry was returned on condition that Jen
nings keep away from, the house, which
he did. but brought suit to- recover the
money. Judge Daniels took the case un
der advisement.
, ~ . ¦•-¦¦. ;¦%¦¦.
p=Tg»rfHE Oceanic Steamship Company's
¦ - j^Mariposa, which arrived from Syd
1 ney, N. S. W., via Auckland, N. Z. ;
JJL Pago Pago,- Samoa, ; and Honolulu,
: •:: H: - 1., " yesterday morning, had -a
very roughtime of it between Sydney and
Auckland. The officers* state .that- in fif
teen years they never saw such a storm
on the New -Zealand coast, and had not
the mail boat' been stanch and well' found
there might have been trouble. As it was,
the staterooms and cabins were flooded,
the purser's, chief engineer's and mail
agent's rooms were stove In and two of the
lifeboats were lifted out of the chocks.
When the gale, was at its height the
steamship was hove to for forty-two
hours. At Auckland the passengers pre
sented Captain Rennie with a handsome
gold locket and the following testimonial:
.- : July 5, 1901.
To Ceptain James Rennie— Dear Sir: we,
the undersigned^ passengers on the steamship
Mariposa of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
which sailed from Sydney on the 29th of June,
1301, recognizing- and . appreciating your valu
able services and skillful seamanship, aided
by your officers -and crew, in bringing us
safely through a perilous voyage during the
gale lasting: from Sunday noon, June 30, to the
morning of July 2, desire to place on record
the evidence of our gratitude to you.
Chief Officer W. D. Watson was also
thanked and presented with a gold ring.
A committee has in charge the securing
of a suitable token for Chief Engineer A.
J. Younger. ... '
The cabin passengers who came up on
the Marlpoea were the following named:
A. Allander. E. Buffehdeau, M. T. Barney,
A. , J. Bondurant, D. H. Bayldon, A. Lacey
Clarke, C. H. B. Corbett, C. N. Candee, C.
Carter, W. E. Carlisle, Mr. Drum, Mr. and Mrs.
F. J. Donnal, Mr. and Mrs. H. Hudson and two
children, Walter Holdship, P. B. Hoadley, J.
Harris, George Harper, A. Klngsley, Mrs.
and Miss Lundy, Miss ' K. Lobbett. E. C.
Matthews, E. Mason, J. McClosltey, T. E.
Morehouse, A. MacNell, Rev. Mr. Medcalf,
Mls3 Mcrehead, Mr. and Mrs. George C. Pen
bot?s, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Plimmer, R. H.
Pershouse, A. P. Pershouse, V. Pritz Jr., A.
S. Peters, F. B. Purdle, A. .H. Pollard. Rev.
Byron J. Rees, Mrs. Reynall, J. Roberts, A.
E." Richard, J. M. Sinclair, Miss Silver, Mr.
Taylor, Mr. Terrace, Mr. von Heyder, R. V.
Webster and Dr. Weber and valet.
From Honolulu— Miss E. Gallagher, Miss J.
Gallagher. E. S. Gill and P. R. Wheeland.
The Mariposa will go back on the Hono
lulu routa. She will leave here for the
islands August 10, while the Sierra will
take ud the run to Australia on August i:
ST. PAUL ARRIVES FROM NOME
Brings Down Three Millions in Gold
and Many Passengers.
The Alaska Commercial -Company's
steamship St. Paul arrived from Nome
yesterday after a fair run of fourteen
days. She made two trips from St. Mi
chael to Nome while she has been away.
Owing to the closing of the gambling
houses -and dance halls at Dawson over
2000 people left th»e place for Nome, and
the St. Paul had to make two trips to
transport them.
The steamship"* brings down about six
tons of gold dust, valued at $2,359,y52. It
is consigned as follows: One box to AV. S.
Miller, -one box to Crown Distilleries, two
boxes to Alaska Exploration Company, one
box to'Roth, Blum & Co., twenty boxes to
Alaska Commercial Company, eight boxes
to Canadian Bank of Commerce and thir
teen boxes to Selby Smelting Company.
Mrs. E. Li. Purdy came down in charge of
the Canadian Bank of. Commerce consign
ment. : - . . .
Captain Hayes reports the following'ves
sels in port at St. Michael:
Steamers'— Hyadeiv Conemaugh, Buckingham;
schooners— Falcon, James Sennett; steam whal
ers, William Baylies,. Belvedere, Alexander*
Karluk and Jeanette; ' Government steamers —
Warren and Seward; brig, Courtney Ford, and
steamer Cnico. • .
At . Nome— Santa Ana with Ruth in tow,
Nome City and Newsboy.
At Dutch Harbor— Steam whaler Fearless.
She was to sail on the 15th inst for the north.
Near- Unalaska met" the . steamer ¦ Jeanie on
July 12. •
The St. Paul's passengers were; Governor
William Oprllvie, Mrs. E. L. Purdy, Mrs. Judge
Johnson, Mrs. E. L. McNahl, ..Mrs. Shaw,
Bishop Rowe, J. J. ShauRhnessy, C. " Beaton.
Mrs. Ybarra, Mrs. Woodruff, Miss Giger, E.
Hlckey, T. J. McGraw, Mrs. Lyatis, Mrs. At
kins, Mm. ¦ Campbell, Tony Roos, W. H. Nel-1
son, C. O. Johnson, J. Denny, M. Schultz, L.
H. Hansen, W.. Ashman. E. McGraw, G. Peck
ham. Mrs. McCaskle, C. Wise, F. Mulligan.
J. Humphries, L. Bradford, D. Buckley, C.
II. Belcher, J. R. Stevens, C. O. Brice, S. Jeno
and E. Hutchlngs.
Water Front Notes.
The ferry steamer Tamalpais is back in
commission. Her boilers were fixed ud at
the RiSdon, and the boat is now all right
again.
Captain Winn has taken command of
the ship Henry Failing, vice Captain
Matthews, who has gone East.
Two -lads named George McQuade and
Thomas ¦ McShane were locked up in. the.
Harbor Police Station yesterday on a
charge of petty larceny. They and half a
dozen other "boys broke into a Santa Fe
freight car on Main-street wharf and
stole- a lot of watermelons. Another boy
was arrested; but was rescued by his fath
er and a number of friends.
J. . Donovan of 783 Mission street was
slightly Injured on the front yesterday.
His friends recommended that carbolic
acid be applied to the wound.' Donovan
used the pure . extract and was slightly
burned. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Ariel will load lumber at Tacoma for
Honolulu; the British steamer Guernsey, lum
ber at Burrard Inlet for Taku; the Hilston,
wheat at Portland for Europe, 37s 6d, prior to
arrival.
Snipping Intelligence.
¦ ARRIVED.
. : : Tuesday, July -23.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, 24 days 11 ""hours 34
minutes from Sydney, via Auckland 18 days
8 hours 52 .minutes, via Honolulu 6 days 2
hours 9 minutes. . -. ' - ¦
Stmr San Bias, Cattarinlch, 27 days 3 hours
from Panama and way ports.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, 16 days from St Mich
ael, • via Nome 14 days, via Dutch Harbor 9
days. '- y
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 50 hours from San
Pedio. ¦..*:> v
Nor Rtmr Tellu», j Pedersen, 90 hours from
Ladysmith. ¦ ... .
Schr. Mary Etta, Nyman, 18 hours from
Bowens Landing:.
CLEARED.
' ' : . . Tuesday, July 23.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. . • ¦
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Thomas Pol
larcl. .•¦"•• - •¦• . • ¦ ' ¦ . . . .
Bktn Archer, Hardwick, Honolulu; "Welch
& - co. .. . .:¦ . . ¦ - ' ¦ . .• ¦ ¦ ¦ . . ¦
SAILED.
-¦ • • Tuesday, July 23.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, Fort Bragg. '
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, Newport.
Stmr Eupreka, Jessen, Eureka. :
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City..
Stmr Glosy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor. .
Stmr Greenwood, . Fagerlund, — — . . .
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.'
US stmr Thomas, Buford, Manila."
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell Bodega. ¦
Schr Abbie, Peterson, Caspar. .. ,• \
.. SPOKEN. •
July 19, oft Warnings Island— Stmr Allianca,
from New York, for- Colon. ... ....
June 28, lat 20 S, Ion 39 W— Br »hip Rajore,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco. -
;••:¦.• • '< TELEGRAPHIC. *,,
POINT LOBOS, July . 23, 10 p m— Weather
thick; - wind W, velocity 16 miles per hour.'.: T
DOMESTIC : PORTS. V'. - - ;
ST MICHAEL— In port July • 7— Stmr ¦ Haya
des,-from "Seattle; stmr Conemaugh, from Se
attle; Br stmr. Buckingham, ' from -Vancouver;
schr Falcon, schr James Sennett, whaling stmr
Wm Baylies, ¦ whaling: stmr Belvedere, US
stmr Seward; ,XJ S.stmr Warren,- from- Seattle;
whaling Etmr Alexander, ¦ stmr Chico, whaling
stmr Karluk," br!s. Courtney Ford and whaling
stmr Jeanetfe.- ¦ ¦-. ,, -m- ;¦ • ' .<¦ -\- : ::-,. ;
NOME— Iii • port -. July 9r-Stmr Santa . Ana,
with stnir , Ruth ; in tow, ; the latter disabled;
¦tmr Noyo,' stmr Newsboy.:.- ' ,'¦¦ . .:>: -
»¦ DUTCH HARBOR— In port July. 14— Whaling
stmr Fearless," • to sail July 15 . for the north.
Met stmr Jeanie on July 12 near Unalaska. '
PORTiGAMBLE-Sailed July. 23— Schr C.H
Merchant, . for San Francisco. r ¦':'¦.. -:-¦¦ v.
'EUREKA— Arrived July .23— US stmr. Ma
drone; Etmr Pasadena, from San Pedro; schr
CUP DEFENDER
AN EASY VICTOR
Constitution Defeats Co- ;
: lumbia by a Good
Margin.
¦ »
The Yacht Shows Marvelous
Speed in an Interesting
Race.
• ¦ .. *_
NEW HAVEN, Conn., July Again
to-day did the Constitution prove speedier
than the Columbia in light airs and fluky
weather. It was in the first squadron run
of the Xew York Yacht Club from Hunt
ington to Morris Cove, and the day was
remarkable for the wind, which boxed
the compass completely from east-north
east to west-southwest, from 9 o'clock in
Uro morning until 7 o'clock in the evening.
For the greater part of the run the
yachts had a etrong flood tide against
them, and at times they barely made
headway against it. The yachts started
out close-hauled. The wind grew free end
sheets were eased broad off and ballcoa
ers spread.
The Constitution crossed the starting
line first at 11:35:25. the Columbia follow
ing at 11:35:53. the Constitution having the
windward position and quickly overtaking
the large fleet which had got away
earlier. The wind was so gentle that It
barely filled the^ lower sailE of the big
f loops and they seemed to derive most of
their headway from the huge club top
sails which were full when the other
sails were flapping.
As the wind shifted canvas was trimmed
to meet it. At 1 o'clock, while the Consti
tution was becalmed, the Columbia got a
lucky streak of wind and ran past her
rival and secured a lead of a quarter of
a mile. Her advantage was short lived,
however, for at 1:35 the wind once again
lilled'the Constitution's sails and she,
glided to the front In a marvelous manner
and maintained her lead to the finish,
increasing it constantly. On elapsed time
she won by five minutes and sixteen
seconds, and by four minutes, six seconds
corrected time, the length of the course
being twenty-eight miles.
CLEVELAND, July 23.— To-day's strong
card at the .Grand Circuit races brought
out an immense crowd. The weather and
track conditions were perfect. In the first
race, the 2:14 trot, Dr. Book/ -went to' the
post a strong fayorite at even money. He
won the first heat with speed to spare. In
the second heat he fairly romped in, a
winner by three lengths, but the best he
could do in the third heat was third place.
The Judges did not like. the way Durfee
handled Dr. Book in the. third heat and
he was called before the stand, fined $100
and forced to give up the pole. In the
fourth heat Durfee was taken down and
Kenny substituted. The judges announced
that this punishment was enforced upon
Durfee foj improper driving. After the
third heat all non-winners were retired to
the barn. This left Janice, Dr. Book and
Palm Leaf to battle for the money. Palm
Leaf went out and won in straight heats.
On Friday afternoon Cresceus, the king
of stallions, holding the world's record of
2:04, will go an exhibition mile to beat his
own record. Summary:
First race, 2:14 class trot, purse $1500 — Palm
Leaf won the fourth, fifth and sixth heats in
2:11%, 2:13%, 2:1SU. Dr. Book won the first
and second heats in 2:10, 2:11%. Janice won the
third heat in 2:10fi. Grade Onward. Gunsaulus,
Axtello. Dot Miller, Senator K and Our Lucky
Second race, 2:07 class, pacing, purse $1500—
Rlley B won the second - and fourth heats in
2:0S«ii, 2:09%. Eyelet won. the third heat in
2:11*>4. - Charley' Hoyt won the first heat in
2:06V6. Darlel. Paul Revere, Kgozeu and Edith
Third race, 2:15 class, purse $2500, pacing —
Dan Patch won three straight heats in 2:10*4,
2:10%, 2:11%. Armorel, P J P, She Can, Barto
letta, Ferrum, Paul Dincboy, Lady All Right
and Fred the Kid also started.
Fourth race, 2:27 class trot,' purse $1200 — The
King won two straight heats in 2:13V*. Iva
Dee, Marque, Pat Swasey, Toledo Bee, Spring
dale. Nut Bearer, Meta, Arthur and John Hoop
er also started.
RACES ON EASTERN TRACKS.
One, Two, Thre,e Winners on Some of
the Big Courses.
ST. LOUIS, July 23. — Delmar Park summary:
First race, half a mile — Crimean won, W. L.
George second. Harry Shaffer third. Time, :50.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Sadie Levy won. Land Ho second, Burnells
Walkaway third. Time. l:47?i.
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Miss Dora
won Lillian M second, Taby Tosa third. Time,
1:03.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing— Beana won, Peter Duryea second. Miss
Patron third. Time. 1:49*4.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Bulgarian won, Lomond second, La Spara
third. Time, 1:47?4.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Nearest
won. Sue Johnson second, Ben Frost, third.
Time, 1:28.
NEW YORK. July, 23. — Brighton Beach sum
mary*
First race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling—
Inshot won. Eloim. second. Armor third. Time,
1:46 3-5.
• Second race, five and a half furlongs — Lom
bre won. Faranlass second, Dewey third. Time,
1:07 2-5.
Third race, one and a quarter miles—Water
cure won. King Bramble second. Maid of Har
lem thirdNTime, 2:05 1-5.
Fourth race, the Atlantic stakes, five fur
longs—Sombrero won. Oom Paul second. Lady
Holyrood third. Time, :39 2-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Margraviate won.
Brandy Smash second. Himself third. Time,
1:14 1-5.- »
,Slx,th race, one and an eighth miles— Barbetto
won, Seminole second. Balloon third. Time
1:54 4-5. . .. ~<
BUFFALO, July 23.— Fort Erie summary
DETROIT, July 23.— Windsor Summary:
First race, seven and a half furlongs — Blue
Victor won, Dominlck Becond, Tenario third.
Time, l:36»i.
Second race, five furlongs— Bronze Medal won,
Nellie Bawn second, Pride of Surry third. Time,
l:02>4.
Third race, one mile — Alfred Vargrave won,
Beguile second, All Saints third. Time. l:40V4.
Fourth race. *tx furlongs— Snark won, Spry
second. Lithuim third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs— Silent
Friend won, Lofter second, Infellce third.
Sixth race', handicap, one mile— Magnus Troll
(Dixon) won. Easter Lily (Baldwin) second,
Free Lance (Stover) third. Time, 1:45*£.
First race five furlongs— Sly Maid won. Judge
Durnell second. Dunsboro third. Time, 1:02%.
Second race, six furlongs— Ernest Parham
wen Senator Beverldge second. St. Sidney
third. Time. 1:16.
Third race. Ontario steeplechase, short course
—Lord Farandole won, Coley second, Jim Mc-
Gibben third. Time. 1:55. •.- ¦*>
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards— Miss
Soak won, Bentley B second, Ceylon third.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Bonnie Maid won,
Ed Roth second, Pollle Bixby third. Time,
1:28U ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Red Apple won.
Tea Gown second, Ben O'Faller third., Time,
1:29. - I-
BUTTE, Mont., July 23.— Results:
First race, trotting— Montanus. won in two
straight heats, Almax second, Frudition third-
Best time, 2:2414- '
. Second race, six furlongs— Bill Bohmansen
won Aurlffera second, Nlmrod ' third. Time,
1:16%. - • ¦- ' ¦•¦¦ i ¦ ¦
Third race, five furlongs— Waterscratch won,
Huachuca second. Yellowstone third. Time,
1*02%. '
'¦ Fourth race, seven furlongs— Adnoor won,
Barney F 6econd, The Buffoon third. Time,
1-30. • '¦• ' • - ¦•" •
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Jim
Hale won. Sylvan Lass second, Domsie third.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Phil
Archibald won. Limb of The Law Becond. Don
na Bella third. Time. 1:10. . ¦ '
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles — Rain
ier won. Ace second, Sam Green third. Time,
2:06. .-. ¦ •¦
CHICAGO, July 23.— Hawthorne summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling— McChesney
¦won. The Four Hundred second, Legral Maxim
Second race, one mile— Trinity Bell won. Fly
ing Torpedo second, Jim Winn third. Time,
1:41%. • • "
. Third race, five furlongs, selling— Lord Quex
¦won. Commissioner Forster second, Jane Oakes
third. Time,, 1:02.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap— Scotch
Plaid won. Maggie Davis second, Andes third.
Time, 1:25%." ¦ . ¦¦¦' v
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles— Odnof
won Nettie Regent second, Hermenia third.
Time. 1:48%. ¦ - -. ',
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Henry cf* Franstamar won. Max Bendix I sec
ond. If You Dare third. Time, 1:21.
Croker's Horse tlie Winner.
LONDON, July 23.— Richard Croker's
Viper (L. Reiff) won the regulation
plate at the first day's racing to-day, of
the Leicester . summer meeting. W. C.
Whitney's Shibboleth filly (L.. Reiff) won
the Wigstown maiden two-year-old plate;
C. S Newton's Varna (Maher) was sec
ond, and H. T. Birdseye's Magical Geld
ing (J. H. Martin) was third.
Immense Crowd- Witnesses
Excellent Grand Circuit
Race's.
Handling of Dr. Book at
Cleveland Not Satis-*
factory.
DRIVER ANGERS
TRACK JUDGES
Sheriff Charlebois Still Guard
ing Against Lynching
of Waxsmith.
¦ — '? v • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA PAULA, July 23.-C. H. Weekly
was to-day fined $300 for assault. George
Gregg was assessed $100, but will prob
ably serve out his time in the County
Jail. These are the first of the men who
participated in Saturday's riot to be sen
tenced for the part they took in events
leading up to the shooting 1 of Mayor
Hugh O'Hara. Weekly wanted to with
draw his plea of guilty and plead not
guilty, but Justice of the Peace J. B.
Titus would not permit it. v • •
The examination was held in Cleveland
Hall. District Attorney Ewlng con
ducted the prosecution. Sheriff Paul
Charlebols and Deputy Sheriff Henry
Arellanes were In charge of the prisoners
and a large crowd attended. Charles
"Waxsmith, the man who shot Mayor
O'Hara, was present. His examination
will be held to-morrow morning. ;
After the fine was imposed' Weekly, ac
companied by the Sheriff, 'went to the
shops of the Union Tool Company and
obtained the required sum. He is an ex
pert machinist and received ».a day. He
was recently brought from the East.
Groups • of men have been on the
streets all day, and feeling continues to
run high. Mayor O'Hara Is still in a pre
carious condition. His physicians this
afternoon held out little hope for his re
covery.
Waxsmith Is taken each night to Ven
tura, as the Sheriff is afraid to keep him
over night in the local .prison, fearing a
lynching. ¦ . . ¦
Heavy Fines For Two of
the Santa Paula
PAING PENALTY
FOR RUFFIANISM
OJL FDR FUEL
IN LOCOMOTIVES
the Beaumont
Product.
Southern Pacific Will Use
Tank Oars.
Railroad Company Boring
Wells and Preparing
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 23.-W. G. \an
Vleck, manager of the- Southern Pacific
transportation department, who was here
to-day, said that arrangements are belns
perfected as rapidly as possible for the
use of Beaumont oil for fuel In all the
locomotives of that system. It Is proposed
to first equip the locomotives operating
on the divisions between New Orleans
and Houston with the new fuel, and when
this has been done the locomotives run
ning between Houston and San Antonio
will be likewise equipped.
The company is also preparing to burn
oil In the locomotives on all the divisions
west of El Paso. Already oil Is being
used on about 900 miles of the system in
California. Two hundred thousand bar
rels of the Beaumont oil has just been
shipped to Phoenix. Ariz., where It was
placed In storage tanks, to be used by the
company. The company is boring its own
oil wells in the Beaumont fluid. It is esti
mated that these wells will furnish more
than enough oil for all the locomotives on
the whole Southern Pacific system.
The company Is also constructing four
large oil storage tanks, each with a ca
pacity of more than 1.200,000 gallons. These
tanks are located at Houston, Beaumont,
Lafayette and Algiers. Tanks will be
erected at San Antonio, El Paso and
points west of there.
Manager Van Vleck says that there is
no scarcity of tank cars with which Co
har.dle the Beaumont oil. There are
about 1000 tank cars available for mov
ing the Beaumont product. Each of tho
principal railway companies of the State
has placed large orders with car manu
facturers for several hundred additional
oil tank cars to be used in the Beaumont
oil trade. __
MAIL STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA CAUGHT
IN A TERRIFIC AUSTRALIAN STORM
Hpvq to; jtof - Nearly Two Days but Escape? Serious Darnages— passengers
Present Captain Rennie and Chief Offjcer Watson With Testimonials
and Souvenirs for the Skillful Manneij in Whiph the ShipWas Handlecl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 24, 1901.
4
Time Time Time I jTlmel
M ...
!5 ...
16 ...
!7 ...
!3 ...
!9 ..
to ...
'ate
-*— Ft. Ft. - Ft.
II W : L "W II W L W
L. W ' H W L W - H W
0:17 1.3.6:43 3.5 11:12 2.5 6:03
1:12 1.0 7:56 3,6 12:09 2.7 6:4S
1:58 fl.G 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:33
2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58 3.1 8:16
3:21 —0.1 10:31 4.4 2:50 2.9 9:00
3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36 2.8 9:43
4:37—0.5 11:45 4.S 4.24 2.6 10:291
Ft.
5.3
5.4
5.5
5.7
S.H
6.S
I 5. 'J
Steamer.
From.
! Due.
San Pedro
Conemaugh
Asuncion
Jlermonthls....
Arcata.
Coronado
G. "IV.. Elder..
Pomona
Del Norte.....
Robt. Dollar...
Santa Rosa....
Coos Bay
Alliancp
Washtenaw. . . .
Mackinaw
Progreso
Walla Walla...
Coptic
Point Arena...
Eureka
W.-H. Kruger.
.Newburg.... ...
Curacao
Acme....
Czarina
Bonita
State of Cal....
Australia
City of Sydney.
Columbia
Anubis
Humboldt IJuly 24
Nome & St. Michael. ..(July 24
Seattle •... 'lJuly 24
Seattle July 24
Coos Bay July 24
San Pedro July 24
Portland and Astoria.. July 24
Humboldt July 24
Crescent City July 25
Seattle and Hadlock.... July 25
San Diego & Way Ports July 25
Newport & Way. Ports. July 23
Portland & Cobs Bay... July 25
Tucoma ••••• July 25
Seattle j u j y 25
Tacoma July 'i
Puget Sound Ports July 28
China and Japan July 28
Point Arena July 28
Humboldt j u j y 26
Tillamook Bay.... j u i y og
Grays Harbor July 27
Mexican Ports July 27
San Pedro July 27
Seattle and Tacoma July 28
San Pedro & Way Ports July 2S
San Diego July 28
Tahiti July 29
Panama & Way Ports.. July 29
Portland & Astoria..... July 29
Hamburg & Way Ports July 29
Steamer.
Destination.
| Sails. I Pier.
J. S. Kimball
Coronado
Noyo..
State of Cal..
Mandalay . .
St. Paul.
Carlisle City.
Peru.....
City.Puebla..
G. Dollar....
Arcata
North Fork..
San Pedro....
W. H. Kruge
Pomona
July 2-4.
Nome via Seattle..
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
San Diego &.Way.
Coquille River
July 25. .
Nome. & St. Michael
China and Japan..
China & Japan
Puget Sound Ports.
3rays Harbor ....
Coos Bay
July 26.
Humboldt ... v....::
Humboldt ....'.
Tillamook Bay ..;.'.
Humboldt ..........
. July 27.
Portland & Coos B.
San Diego ..'. — ...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
..... .July 28.
San Diego & "Way..
July 29.
Sluslaw River
Panama &-.Way.'..
Point .Arena. tl
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier- 2
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier S
I 2 pm Pier 34
10 am Pier 27
1 pm PMSS
II am Pier 9
12 m Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
5 pm Pier 16
9 am Pier IX
....... Pier —
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 13
12 m Pier —
I 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance......
Corona..
Conemaugh..
G. W. Elder.
Santa Rosa..
Acme
San Bias
Pt. Arena
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. |July 24
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July* 25
Nome City Nome & Teller City.... July &
Humboldt....:. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 25
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael July 25
Dolphin. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 26
City ot Seattle. Skaguay. & Way Ports. July 29
Al-Kl... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Oregon Nome and Teller........ July 29
Dlrlgo. ......... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Sendtor. ........ Nome direct :........ July 30
Time Time Time I jTlmel
M ...
!5 ...
16 ...
!7 ...
!3 ...
!9 ..
to ...
'ate
-*— Ft. Ft. - Ft.
II W : L "W II W L W
L. W ' H W L W - H W
0:17 1.3.6:43 3.5 11:12 2.5 6:03
1:12 1.0 7:56 3,6 12:09 2.7 6:4S
1:58 fl.G 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:33
2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58 3.1 8:16
3:21 —0.1 10:31 4.4 2:50 2.9 9:00
3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36 2.8 9:43
4:37—0.5 11:45 4.S 4.24 2.6 10:291
Ft.
5.3
5.4
5.5
5.7
S.H
6.S
I 5. 'J
Steamer.
Destination.
| Sails. I Pier.
J. S. Kimball
Coronado
Noyo..
State of Cal..
Mandalay . .
St. Paul.
Carlisle City.
Peru.....
City.Puebla..
G. Dollar....
Arcata
North Fork..
San Pedro....
W. H. Kruge
Pomona
July 2-4.
Nome via Seattle..
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
San Diego &.Way.
Coquille River
July 25. .
Nome. & St. Michael
China and Japan..
China & Japan
Puget Sound Ports.
3rays Harbor ....
Coos Bay
July 26.
Humboldt ... v....::
Humboldt ....'.
Tillamook Bay ..;.'.
Humboldt ..........
. July 27.
Portland & Coos B.
San Diego ..'. — ...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
..... .July 28.
San Diego & "Way..
July 29.
Sluslaw River
Panama &-.Way.'..
Point .Arena. tl
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier- 2
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier S
I 2 pm Pier 34
10 am Pier 27
1 pm PMSS
II am Pier 9
12 m Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
5 pm Pier 16
9 am Pier IX
....... Pier —
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 13
12 m Pier —
I 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance......
Corona..
Conemaugh..
G. W. Elder.
Santa Rosa..
Acme
San Bias
Pt. Arena
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. |July 24
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July* 25
Nome City Nome & Teller City.... July &
Humboldt....:. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 25
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael July 25
Dolphin. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 26
City ot Seattle. Skaguay. & Way Ports. July 29
Al-Kl... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Oregon Nome and Teller........ July 29
Dlrlgo. ......... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Sendtor. ........ Nome direct :........ July 30
Steamer.
From.
! Due.
San Pedro
Conemaugh
Asuncion
Jlermonthls....
Arcata.
Coronado
G. "IV.. Elder..
Pomona
Del Norte.....
Robt. Dollar...
Santa Rosa....
Coos Bay
Alliancp
Washtenaw. . . .
Mackinaw
Progreso
Walla Walla...
Coptic
Point Arena...
Eureka
W.-H. Kruger.
.Newburg.... ...
Curacao
Acme....
Czarina
Bonita
State of Cal....
Australia
City of Sydney.
Columbia
Anubis
Humboldt IJuly 24
Nome & St. Michael. ..(July 24
Seattle •... 'lJuly 24
Seattle July 24
Coos Bay July 24
San Pedro July 24
Portland and Astoria.. July 24
Humboldt July 24
Crescent City July 25
Seattle and Hadlock.... July 25
San Diego & Way Ports July 25
Newport & Way. Ports. July 23
Portland & Cobs Bay... July 25
Tucoma ••••• July 25
Seattle j u j y 25
Tacoma July 'i
Puget Sound Ports July 28
China and Japan July 28
Point Arena July 28
Humboldt j u j y 26
Tillamook Bay.... j u i y og
Grays Harbor July 27
Mexican Ports July 27
San Pedro July 27
Seattle and Tacoma July 28
San Pedro & Way Ports July 2S
San Diego July 28
Tahiti July 29
Panama & Way Ports.. July 29
Portland & Astoria..... July 29
Hamburg & Way Ports July 29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L-jvj In the Schlitz brew- PH
K^3 cry cleanliness is car- pf£|j
P|l ricd to extremes. We [Kv|
p§§3 do more than is neces- Ej^
ChJ sary to be ; certain of Oj
The caldrons in WM
f&k which the beer is R?3
iffia • Drewec^ • are^ 1 scru " peJ
pulously clean and l&l
covered. The air in |sjg
piSe which the beer is Wffl
cooled is filtered. Lj^
The barrels in which ||!j
it is stored are cleaned &M
m with steam and soda, W}/\
then glazed with rosin ELj
|^^ on the inside, then bEvi
|^ cleaned again. The j|n|
pM bottles are cleaned |Rj
L/|^ with utmost precaution. fVj
P^ Still we filterthe beer, ||||
then sterilize every g|gj
p^J bottle, for the slightest Wn£
j£h| uncleanliness taints Oj
the whole product. It jjraj
is in these ways that fjjj&
pPa Schlitz beer hasgained
j/jy its reputation for pur- C J
ity, and made Milwau- W%S
Proa 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood &Sher- &**%
K»'«1 wood. 212 Market St..SanFrancisco Ktff-f
J i2!!ll>«^ INJECTION, f r |
P"A PERMANENT CURE I
? . of the most obstinate cases of Oononhcsa ?
' c "a Gleet, eHarante«*d In from 3. to 6 <
5 J no other treatment required. ¦.. . $
5^. . . - . Sold by all druggists. . . .' ¦ 2
W J%& Mil W * 11C - 1 w *-- outs^o°t any other shot fjun on the market
CljS3!Et?SA-"-=^ Shot Gun is now made in "Take Down" style in 12 and
|gg|?|=3|**"^lFl? 16 gauge. It combines rapidity, reliability and strong
Wjgz^^^szsiz^^l shooting qualities with a price within reach of every-
BSi5a^^^*L H5J~^"»i^^' FREE — Send name and address on postal card for 164-page catalogue.
WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO,, JlS^gcai- ' IRegistration for primary, closes August
3, 1901. Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5 p.
m.; 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. • x - "
Voters, Attention!
Very low season round trip tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oakland,
Alameda, Berkeley, Ban Jose, Stockton,
Sacramento, Marysville, . Napa, Santa
Rosa, Woodland/ Friday to . Tuesday,
round trip from San Francisco only $10.80.
Literature nearest agent or at 613 Mar
ket street.
Lake Tahoo and Return.
DENVER. July 23.— A special train of
Pullmans and buffet cars, containing, a
large party of newspaper men from cities
along its line, left to-night over the
Union Pacific road on a tour of Inspection.
The members of the party are gruests of
the road, and they will stop at points
along the Hue. including Cheyenne, Raw
lins. Salt Lake and Ogden. General Pas
senger Agent Lomax is acting as host In
behalf of the railroad company.
Newspapermen on a Journey.
BOSTON, July 23.-At ¦ Charles River
Park to-night William Stlnson broke the
world's bicycle record for two miles, mak
ing- the distance in 3:12 1-5, over a, second
faster than the record. , ,
World's Bicycle Record Broken.
LONDON, July 24.— "Russia demands of
the Porte two coalingr stations on the. Per
sian Gulf," says the correspondent of the
Daily Mail at Constantinople, wiring Sun
day, "and she Is using the strongest pres
sure to induce the Sultan to yield. One
or more stations have been demanded in
Asia Minor. Up to the present time the
Porte has not yielded, but it is doubtful
whether the Ottoman Government will be
able to hold out. These demands are re
garded as serious by the. British." .
Russia's Demands on the Forte.
SEATTLE, July 23. — The Congressional
party, including the Rivers and Harbors
ComirJssion, arrived. on the Victorian to
day from the Alaskan trip. The morning
and early afternoon were spent in final
visits about the city. In receiving cour
tesies from the members of the City
Council and County Commissioners and In
visiting the United States assay office. At
7 p. m. the members of the Rivers and
Harbors Committee left on a special train
over the Northern Pacific on the final
stage of their Western Journey, which, by
way of Spokane and the Columbia River,
will end in Portland. « '
Congressmen Back From Alaska.
The feature of th» social side of the big
gathering was the first big outdoor event,
the magnificent parade of military and
civic organizations which passed through
the principal streets this afternoon. The
pageant was witnessed by many thou
sands of people. This was followed* by
the dedication of an Elks' fountain in Ju
neau Park. Trains and steamers brought
the last of the thousands of visiting Elks
to-night. It is estimated that 50,000
stragers are in the city.
MILWAUKEE, July 23.— The Grand
Lodge of the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks completed the first day's
session late to-night, having elected offi
cera as follows: Grand exalted ruler,
Charles B. Pickett, Waterloo, Iowa; grand
esteemed leading knight, A. G. Field, Co
lumbus, Ohio; grand esteemed loyal
knight, William B. Brock, Lexington, Ky. ;
grand esteemed lecturing knight. Judge A.
H. Pickens, Denver; grand secretary,
George A. Reynolds, Saglnaw, Mich.;
grand treasurer, F. C. Orris, Meadville,
Pa.; grand trustee (three ' years), Henry
W. Mears, Baltimore; grand tyler, Joseph
Henning, Anderson, Ind.
Aside from the election of officers the
business of the first executive session con
sisted of the presentation, reading of the
reports and the transaction of other rou
tine businesB. The special order of busi
ness for to-morrow morning will be the se
lection of the next place of meeting. Salt
Lake has loomed up as a candidate
against Baltimore and Saratoga Springs,
but it is said to-night that an Eastern
city will likely get the honor, and St.
Louis and the South are quietly paving
the way to bring the 1903 convention to the
Missouri city during the Exposition. .
Grand Lodge of Order
Begins Session in
Milwaukee.
ELKS SELECT
NEW OFFICERS
The Amalgamated men say .that the
Mayor has no authority to forbid free
speech, and if he orders men not to talk
to non-unionists on- the street the order la
not to be obeyed.
"What I did say to the men was that
members of the association must not take
hold of any man's. coat and hold him
while talking to him. I told them it was
better to go to a man's house and talk to
him than to gather a crowd on the
street."
The Mayor said neither Manager Brook
man nor any one else had put him up to
advising the men not to talk, though
Brookman had telephoned him that Rum
baugh had interfered with a man - who
was on his way to work.
According to strike leaders the officials
of the Wellsville district are apparently
seeking to bring on an open conflict in
order to invoke the aid of the Sheriff's
deputies, and if possible the militia. Earn
est and renewed warnings have been sent
to the strikers to remain cool and keep
within the law.
There was much Indignation among the
strikers to-day over a report that Mayor
A. P. Dennis had called two strikers, Pat
rick O'Connor and Daniel Rumbaugh, be
fore him and had forbidden them to talk
to men on the way to the -mill in the ef
fort to keep them from going to work.
Vice President Chappelle of the Amalga
mated Association immediately sought
the Mayor and asked him what he meant
by trying to abridge the right of free
speech. Mayor Dennis denied that he had
forbidden the strikers to talk, and said:
The application for an injunction may
be made in the United States District
Court, and at first will apply only to
Wellsville, but it is believed the plan is
to pursue similar tactics at McKeesport
and other places where necessary.
• A rumor is In circulation that a carload
of men will run into Wellsville to-morrow
to supplement the force now at work.
This latter story has not been verified up
to midnight. Outside of these incidents
the actual strike status is unchanged. . . '
PITTSBURG, July 23.— The combine
forces have decided to carry the strike
into the courts. It is learned to-day that
former Judge Mills of Wellsville, Ohio,
has been retained by Percifer M. Smith,
district manager of the American Sheet
Steel Company, to prepare papers for pre
sentation within a few days to a Federal
court asking for a restraining order to
stop strikers from accosting' or molesting:
in any way non-union men on the high
ways. The move promises a crisis in the
strike, thus far one of watchfulness and
waiting.
Mayor of Wellsville Arouses
Wrath by Forbidding Strik
ers to Hold Up Workers. ,
Steel Men Take Steps to
Carry Strike" Into
the Courts.
COMBINE FORCES
MAKE NEW MOVE
Company Owning Mil
lions in Hands of Re
ceivers.
FORT WORTH, Tex.. July 23.— The Cap
itol Freehold Land and Investment Com
pany, better known as the "Capitol Syn
dicate Company," whose property is esti
mated to be valued at between $8,
000,000 and $10,000,000. has passed into the
hands of receivers. The petition was filed
In behalf of Margaret Ann Babcock and
Maurice B. Brown of Chicago, who t are
reported to be minority stockholders.
Judge Wallace to-day appointed J. V.
Goode of this city and W. H. Fuqua of
Amarillo receivers.
The petition alleged among other things
that J. V. Farwell, C. B. Farwell and Ab
ner Taylor of Chicago own a controlling 1
Interest In the company and th,at they
illegally leased to themselves the land and
cattle of the corporation, and that they
turned the ranch and cattle over to them
selves under what Is alleged to be a. per
manent lease.
The further allegation is made that they
ere selling the best portion of the ranch,
which is well watered, to the detriment of
the ranch property as a whole. In addi
tion to 3.000,000 acres of patented land, the
company owns about 140,000 head of Here
ford, Aberdeen, Angus, Shorthorn and
other cattle.
STOCKHOLDERS
MAKE CHARGES
Republican Primary League Club No. ,
2 has been organized in the Thirty-ninth
District, with James Cosgrave. president;
Ralph IC. Falke, secretary, and Phineas
A Barker as treasurer. A general meet
ing of the club will be held Friday even
ing, July 26. at 335 McAllister street, be
tween Larkin and Polk.
Candidate for Governor.
E. B. Edson of Siskiyou, president of
the Board of Railroad Commissioners. Is
In the city, but is not taking a hand in
the municipal contest. Mr. Edson has
many friends in Northern California, who
would like to see him in the race for the
Thirty-Ninth District.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Republican Primary League Club,
Thirty-sixth Assembly District, was held
Monday evening at the hall, corner Twen
tieth and Guerrero streets. The hall has
been secured as the permanent headquar
ters of the league club, and the roll will
be open every evening for signatures be
tween the hours of 8 and 10 o'clock. It
was resolved to have a general meeting
of the club Tuesday evening, July 30,
when good speakers will address the mem
bers and a varied entertainment will be
furnished. The following resolution was
adopted:
Resolved, That the combination of Kelly and
Crimmins with the boss and machine politicians
of the State and their interference in municipal
affairs Is detrimental to the best interests of
the Republican party. This club favors a clean
yet liberal, policy in municipal affairs, and
commends the strong- and independent stand of
the Republican Primary League for home rule
In politics.
Thirty-Sixth. District.
THE Kelly-Crimmlns-Gage alliance
is not enlisting the support of po
litical workers. It is pretty gener
ally known that Martin Kelly has
no patronage to plve out. Layer
after layer of promises have been given
for every position in sight. Hundreds if
not thousands who were promised places
during the prolonged Senatorial campaign
ore still waiting for the bosses to "make
pood." The workers will not be fooled
again by this kind of a confidence game.
Herrin can g^ve his "moral support" to
the boss alliance, but he cannot give
transportation or bestow railroad favors.
President Hays has cut off the political
supplies of the law department of the
Southern Pacific. The bosses would like
to make the party workers believe that
great rewards of patronage are to be
given to those who get in behind Kelly
nnd Crimmins, but the promises are only
hot air.
Republican. Primary League.
Ths anti-boss campaign under the aus
pices of the Republican Primary League,
headquarters 930 Market street, is gaining
favor and influence every day. The
league rooms are crowded every night
¦with earnest and energetic citizens, who
are determined to make a winning contest
for clean local government under Repub
lican auspices. Encouraging reports come
from all of the districts. The fact is
clearly understood that the allied bosses
by cunning and adroit tactics will en
deavor to win by giving help to independ
ent clubs where an open tight would be
hopeless. For example, in the Foriy-flrst
District overtures have been made to the
Central Republican Club, of which Horace
Davis is president. The propositions were
promptly rejected and the fight comes
down to a plain issue, with the good citi
zens on one s'de and the bosses on the
other. Burns has promised to deliver the
Forty-first delegation to the allied bosses.
Mass-meetings of anti-boss citizens of the
district will be called to rally all the
forces in favor of clean politics.
Forty-Second District.
The Republican club of the Forty-sec
ond District organized under the auspices
of the Primary League has established
permanent headquarters at 1206 Golden
Gate avenue, corner 1 of Market street.
The officers are R. B. Treat, president,
and J. E. Sllnkey, secretary. The club
will meet at Golden Gate Hall Friday
evening of this week. Eloquent speakers
will address the meeting.
Supervisor C. W. Reed, who was pres
ent, made an earnest speech fo» action by
the old time Democrats and urged the
needs of municipal ownership of public
utilities. The speaker paid his respects
to "the high priests of purity and the pro
fessional reformers" of the Democracy at
the last election. .
The club unanimously voted that a
ticket be prepared for the primary elec
tion and that a committee be appointed to
confer with the officers of the club in
Eelecting the delegates. President Egan
appointed as a committee the following
gentlemen: J. J. McCarthy, Thomas W.
Burke. Edward Franks, H. I. Mulcreavy
and Frank Skelly. The meeting adjourned
subject to the call of the president.
The members of the Valley DemocratU
Club of the Thirty-seventh District were
pronounced in expressing their opposition
to the Phelan political party at a meeting
held last evening at Mowry's Hall, Grove
and Laguna. streets.
President W. J. Egan called the meet
ing to order and desired to hear from
those present whether it was desirable to
place a ticket in the field for the forth
coming primary election, as opposed to
the machine Democratic ticket to be put
forward by the Phelanites.
Enthusiastic speeches were made by
Messrs. H. I. Mulcreavy, John McCann,
J. J. McCarthy, Fred Mack and George
Lacombe, all favoring Independent action
by the club and the nominating of a
ticket. T. W. Burke, for reasons not ex
plained, opposed a. ticket in opposition to
the Phelanites and called down the
wrath of the other speakers.
Forces in the Thirty-Ninth
Assembly District.
HAYES VALLEY DEMOCBATS
OPPOSED TO PHEIiANTSM
Campaign Opened by Anti-Phelan
Tlje largest and most enthusiastic
Democratic meeting of the campaign so
far was held at Saratoga Hall last night
by the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Club. In the absence of President Jain-s
F. Ford, Third Vice President W. I.
Bromley presided, and Jesse Galland whs
secretary.
The following: were named and approved
as the candidates of the Saratoga Hall
Democracy for delegates to the municipal
convention: Election Precinct 67— Thomas
Mansfield Edward Lydon. Ellis Powell;
Election fcrecinct 68— J. W. Shinkwln, J.
Harris. "W. L. Promlee; Election Precinct
6»— Charles I. Ford, Theodore Roche. A.
Jacobs; Election Precinct 70— H. Blaney,
E. T. Burke, W. Malloy; Election Precinct
71— Wiliiam J. Hennessy, John Kennedy.
Albert Rose; Election Precinct 72— Jesse
A. Galland, William P. Carter, Robert
Murray; Election Precinct 73— J. H. Yates,
Carl Westerfeld, M. Hendy.
On motion, Carl Westerfeld, Jesse A.
Galland and John Shinkwin were appoint
ed a committee to draft an address to be
issued in circular form to the voters of
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District.
It was resolved that the delegates
named, together with the president and
secretary of the club, be appointed a cam
paign committee on behalf of the club,
with power to make removals of delegates
and till vacancies.
It was decided to change the club s
headquarters to 508 Larkin street.
The president secretary and Treasurer
Carl Westerfeld were appointed a cam
paign finance committee, and then ths
club listened to speeches from several
well known local leaders.
the Field for the Primary ?
Election.
Will Place an Independent Ticket in
DEMOCRATS NAME
DISTRICT DELEGATES
Republican nomination for Governor. At
last accounts Mr. Edson was in the hands
of his friends.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles is in
San Francisco. He was recently appoint
ed to the Democratic State Central Com
mittee to succeed Stephen M. White.
Allied Bosses Resort to Old Scheme of Promising
Goods They Can Never Deliver to the Workers.
Anti-Phelan Democrats Display Marked Activity
CITIZENS RALLY TO STANDARD
OF REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
THE SAN JKAJN(J1»UU CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 24, 1901,
5
* Two-Clasp Kid Brihg,the children to see ihe Wonderful Australian Bird Show—^//r^?/^ /Y^//, School 5
| GlOVeS SSCa second floor- -half-hourly— io a.m. to 5 p.m. daily— Free. \ ; jpu_i-_Ir»_* Sf! *
$ Women', T.Ur, ' ' ' \ ____- B2QOB19 *
j£ Kid G!ov;s — " : <nu> mtM^i ' ¦ ' ' ' and 5
-¦ nT Tcwn-l jl^-Wifl Perfunt2d Talcum ffHBB ffl&S 1^101 i^ljl 111^1 Coke's Dandruff GiMnnHg*^ «
j^ medium ehades Full s'zc, good qua'.ity /J o §3 E$J8P** And ||W g| J an - ,-?¦ m or , f J|
« of tan and mode, <E^C§s£>^ Sprinklef Top Box— To-day £-. f»^ <J?OfktefTrlHEgafc» P^TTJ*-^"*- 1 " Regular $» ««• t°^e— ATQf- A Dig Special department g
J a'so whit:, in onl y - •••••.. && CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE On Wedno'ay only.. «#•*#!» r - ma i n floor for SchOOl 3
I re Xo«r 1/ • ¦ -¦¦:. rr- : - , — — Books and SchoM Sup- 3j
«f .ji.oo per par. \\\\\ • _¦ g£% *% g% #i *& m_ g tfft m A ' plies of all kind>. We x
|#?S5S[,^ Aly -*¦ $3*00 SGhOOl SUlt have all of the author z?d I
_? mrnt of co'orj, - \ij X.. " ' . _ajW. __ j _aj_^. " *J-Ja-Bp text hooks ,», . . .^ M
J, we offer them ' . ' /floral MKg Hf_P f^ 1 for prim- fft/UflrjU °5
$ L^i P t7d\&uniiiv'-Come Eirlv. -^fj^ B BILW B . -. ?*'£*? I
** W — iTl* : #f- The style shown in illustraiion— double-breasted jicket and knee pants / VW \ —ToTr c hiH I \^l% *
* n QS^i^ r? § «r — ;! ze> for bovs 8to n- years; all-wool materials in new coloring*/ Jy^ can tra d- hJe as ¦'\V >m w i
«f T ¦' "h Y ne ~* "ir** ?"* : , and pattern?. 1: is but one of the rranv <iyfeh included in ou' b\g\fy^ ° safy.y and as eco - S
,f- 10-oiy or.iy. (Wednesday;- purchase of 2000 school suits at little more than half price. Th^e.^rffe oty no rurally M if you J ws/xV |
* lake your choice of our particular suits are the same grade and finish as our 4ft_f QA I W came 7°""^— one . WTsJu *
g .en ,ire stock of white and ¦ regular 5300 two-pec- suits; our sa'e pr^ce 9****** T \ J . f^ " ta ¦ >A JP^ 5
I oSird^fthe^lar *£* $4.00 SeM Suits $2M-fine all-wool cheviots V / W^mB ( I
_ Dr ce^ ffgJ'dr anc j cas^irreres; s z »< lor 8 to 16 years: newest stripes and checks. V-t SuppUes: -. CVi-fc^^ S
I -^— — Boys' $5.00 School SuHs • *3.4«-ali-wool -'.p aids- and \U .^/'SSSrS'^Sf ~* i
h SsitFZbWf Mz&4<& stripes; nlain Th'bets ?nd seree^: for 8 ;o 16 year?. \ »nd key, containing penholder, cm pencil, .j
h "»•*» «WST *&<£**& . r -.- t» m . A '_ _»«_ -« . \A lead pencil, pea and pijee cf chalk— torn- 5
* One-Quarter Off Boys' $5.OO Three-Piece School Suits $3*48— sz?s _— J?^ p'«eout n t ; 30 $
5 #«^ - u^ciosingfmc tor io t o 1 1; year? ; trimmed and made up in best man-fashion. ; «_5S^-- j^^^^^Sl^|S
5f Satu d*y we offer — ; ; ; '¦ ¦ : 5°<>pige P«ndl Tablets '. 3O «
«f &§^tez*& . ... .- thc . baI . anc - . of °" r •"*;.¦¦ . . «»_f__-r. _F>_A« «_-.«-- K-6i-_r /-- ' Rulers, many .^I« 4C to 2SO *
I ,^^^- re c-^: m ¦ ;¦ :•-. ¦ half price sale §g i&5i5.^rr-.s?s5S ?
* tittffi* W FANCY TAILOR DRESSES. irairy So ui%% S
g **S3&mm&$ * at one'quan- Jm, . _ _ _ _ Knapsacks 45c, 75o, St.OU i
I P ric^ 'woif m «^ £m\ ! To-Day Only. p7^^^^^^ *
| pn Men'sstraws iat^e Fedora and st:ff Brim . SLI I A11 of our fine Colored and B ick ' Fancy Trimmed Tailor Dresses, at half liC ' n£8: . £ lns - e siates. t |
K $£50 Hat* ; . St 13 Jf7k original prices to-dav -onlv. They consist of the newest styles of this sea- w.h&'SlSlso 9o 5
J |i."coHat s .V.'.>J5c'iiV.85"HW.If '39 wlJ\ — light, medium and dirk gray — :an, brown, medium and navy 6x 9«ch es 70, »« a inches.... fio j
1 *'^"p?ffl|£?;fS^^ Tstink ' Wu;, rased, and .age green and black. . In BriUhnti.nes. Cheviots. sxjmtba .^to S^^....l* 3 S
» of brims and wzes, and stiff brims in either TliAA " 3mespuns and .broa oclo h All are t rim me:! — nostly fancy vest ef- 7x11 inches... . 130 $
t ;THa".;: gh /Sc S ! $x.oo Hat, 75c FvK W£M plain^ bIack?; W&MJl hilf price to-dav only; alterations extra. Sw^l^^^fS Ml $
J .35cHats 27c I $1. 25 Hats! Q4o I '/ I 'l\ I2 5° Tailor D - ess - s » to-day only . .$6.25 $30.00 Tailor Dressts, to-day only. $15.00 Ink Tablets, note or kttcr size....! 3o 5
K 50c Hus..... 33o \ $1 soHzt/. Isiml3 /# ; A iLj* $i5-o° Tai'or Dresses, to-day only. .$7. 5O $40.00 Tailor Dresses, to-day ony $20*00 Blac't Ink, per bo-tle 4o jl
S L 5 ° e Ha H t ' S7c I $2 -°° H *s~$t Si AC_j_K^ $20.00 Tailor Dresses, to day only. $1Q. OO S45.00 Tailor Dress:s, to-day only! $22, 5O *? f° i
I 1 I**" Tailor Dre MM . ,o-da, on ly .^/ g . gO S5 o.co Mor D raK s, ,o-da^ ojy.%25.00 j_.^_g»_BSiSJSS I
5 F^ncy Cra h:" (;oc Caps now 38c m "?c ! ~ Bank Stock N:te Books 5c*n4iOo J*
I ca P s now 37C! $,.oo ca P s now jsc. Cushion Top s 23c. 5Oc Hosiery 23c. 2Oa Linings tic. 1^^' 1^ i
j Dictionary $5.25. W^^^MW^BM^ \ xo^eSSSl w e P^ e ons^hi^forwdn^Yoniy Groceries To-day. %
* 50 ° Websers Unabridjed— Thj ck.ionary desi ens for Wedn-sday "only, ' -. /^\y^V\/<i\ Ladies 1 Imported Fan- 700 prds 34-inch Black Pirsian Taff-u Babbitt's Best Soap— At the special price. JT
tf that his tor many years b-en th: authority on n ce designs, ror weon.saay onij, foJ&-±VR$i'\ cv L : se and fine s .. !rf T ••„ - f . , nm , L ~ limit of |l.oo xvorth to a customer, _ -J
§ the EngUsh language; complete wiih „ ex- each v/M •-?-*» V^feVwA Cotton Hose, ex- Sk « with co.orci strlp 5 effict,, ¦ Q bars [ 25C J
J tra supp-ement of mo, than 5000 words, a -.- : V^j^Ay-J tracted figures and ™**J » the regular wav, Coffee-Large «« a S , 5
new pronouncing Gazett^r of the World, LStiUOrS TO-OaV. pfti'4lWt$2\ V " tkA 8trip " ° n - package,, to-day \...19 O 5
If with namei of 25,000 places, a new bio- O.BqUUW~& I U UtMy. 1* 1 3$?/ KyN black, blue and tan Pink Bean '— B*st qua'itv regularly 7 «
fc graphical dictionary containing nearly lo.ooa Hock White Wine— G 3 od tab'e qual- -__ Wi lUt Vstf grounds, ths larger j O«-, BS^S..— -.« -f*_^ lbs 2?c 'today IO lbs 25O X
J namssof noted persons of ancient an! mol- ity, special Wednesday only, gallon *OC V» 9 / VtfJ \/J part of them our *«•»€? T~tG¥UreS WdSC. Vulcan Matches— R-gu'ariy 6- "tV-day • _. *
g ern times, mustrited with colored p'ates and |#arp©r*S IVA#SiVoy-Ry 4 or bour- mW :N regular S oc-per-pair A really fine coUection of Carbonet Picture, in packaee fcr. ....'...... 4C 5
If 3000 text .Uustrations, bound in fuU law b n, regularly $1.00 bottle, to- __ *W fei/ Vi hose, none worth 7 « ion or wroonet nctnret, in P „ Graham Flour— The a «c «
jf sherp, with patent thumS ind=x. la , fact, day ........ 75O M M M less than 35c, are an «««"tment wh,ch includes many of the ™ b V ac S^ to^ayjS IBo'S-
y the genuine Webster's Unabridgid $10.00 Bavarian Mrlt Extract— The best of local "^V offered for Wedn:s- latest popular and religious subj :cts, mounted Rj c .—Best Carolina head, "4 ibV 25O **
K Dictionary, whie supply Ja«s product, re^uarly $1. 75 doz 5 n, to-day. .... N^» X^ 'day- .only, o^2- on brown mat 10x14 inches, regu'ar- Toa—Choicest Ojlong, English"' -, J
§ ° r 9O.^O $1.5O P« pa:r 4_\*4? l y 25= each, special Wednesday on y 1-TC Breakfast or Unco!o«d Japan, lb. <*UC %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
¦RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVESTISEMEITTS.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
Frankfort American
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1900 and for the year ending on that, day,
as made, to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAIj .
0 '..^.^ 1 ... 5^' .. P "! d ..^ • IW.00O 00
ASSETS. •
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $39 .,024 39
Cash in Banks 49,37128
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,923 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 37,332 22
* Total Assets $488.651 22
1 LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $ 1HI2 Ii
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 36,300 00
"Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 110,637 63
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ : — ; rein-
surance pro rata.. 16,969 03
Total Liabilities $179,077^50
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $228,799 95
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 9,900 00
Received from all other, sources 15,867 s6
Total Income $254,567 51
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ , losses of previous years) $89,075 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 53,545 76
Paid for- Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 6,420 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 4,452 40
All other payments and expenditures 54.519 66
Total Expenditures 1 $207,013 74
F. G. VOSS. Vice President"
i J. M. SMITH. Secretary. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January, 1901.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New York. .
VOSS; CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers,
204, 206, 208 SANSOME STREET,;
San Frnnciaco, Cal.
RAILWAY TKAVEL.
General 'Managers,
San Francisco, Cal.
204, 206 and 208 SANSOME STREET,
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
_ • CARL HOFF, Vice President. .
P. DUMCKE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 13th
day of April. 1901. - .
•RICHARD GUENTHER, Consul General.
Net amount paid for Losses $701,965 30
Dividends to Stockholders .81,250 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 3S5.674 07
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 84,900 02
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •'••' ¦--.' '6,285 26
All other payments and expenditures . 47,988 99
Total Expenditures $1,307,963 64
Total Liabilities $1,771,144 76
INCOME. ' . =
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums..... $1,451, 761 38
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 43,656 36
Received for transfer fees 214 50
Total Income $1,495, 632 22
EXPENDITURES. '
Total Assets $2,581,324 62
LIABILITIES. ~~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid ....'
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense \ I2S1.70S 8S
Losses resisted, Including ex- • . -
penses '• ,
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, % ; .
reinsurance 100 per cent 62,372 25
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 60 per
cent ''•••"'
Liability under other Branches 697.762 60
Pension fund 23.105 02
All other Liabilities 806,196 01
OF FRANKFORT-ON-THE-MAIN, GER-
many, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1900, and for the year ending: on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and , 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. •
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $312,500 00
ASSETS. ' . ,
Real Estate owned by Company $237,698 13
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 83S.3S9 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 651.155 78
Cash in Company's Office 8,126 19
Cash in Banks 272,088 91
Due from Agents and from other
Insurance Companies 667,553 76
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken . .
for Fire and Marine Risks 6,340 S3
INSURANCE 'COMPANY
Frankfort Marine
Accident
And Plate Glass
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STATEMENT
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
jm j — «b lamwai ntial •_¦¦#» «lii«t la _rrlt ¦
MAN ritAXCIMI).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LKATX — FltOM JOT.T 14. 1901. — AKKIT»
I ?:OOa Beiiida, Suiauu, Elmir* and Sacra-
mento. «:*1r
7 iOO a Vac»Tille, Wlntw, Bnmsey 7 MS t
7 «3O a Martinez, .Sau IUdioii, Vallejo. N«p^
UaUstnpi and Santa Rosa MtSSp
S:OOa DkTis, Woodland. KnigtiU Landinf.
MixysTilJe, Orofiile. 7:S3p
8:OO* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdeu and Itit lS:SSp
SsUOa NUes, Lithrop, Stockton 7<34r
StWOAMles. MondoU, Hanford. YisaUa,
PorterrUle 4:33?
St 3 Va Shasta, Express— Dsvis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), WUlows. KeU
Bluff, Portland. 7t99r
S18OA San Joae, Liiermore, Htockton,
lone, tiaaiameiito. PlaesiYllle,
M.rysfllle. Chico, l:s<l MI11IT 4tS3p
StSOA Oakdaie. Chinese (YosemlSe), 80-
nora. Cartera 4US.1r
•:OOa Hayward. Miles and Way SUUoas.. II<»3a
9>«Oa Vallejo l.t»3r
UiOO A Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrnp. .Stock tou. Merced
Frouiio Bud Los Ansoles 7t-3-
OiSOa Vallejo. Martinez auil Yfmj Stations 7iSftr
1 OiOOA Ths OTerlaud Limited— Ogden. Dan-
ver, Omaha. Chicago CiSSr
fl:OOr Sacramento ltifer Ste«tner« f S: **A
S:SOr Hayward. Nil<-« aod W.y BUtlont .. 7tS5r
4i«Or ltenleia, Winten. Uacraiuanto,
Woodland, Kiiifthta landing,
M»rj»»lllr, OroTllla IVsSSa
4iOOp Martiiie«, Hau ltainon. Vallejo,
Napa. <!alliitOK«. Mmika Itois »it5\
4 iOOp Nilea, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodi. . . 1 *^3p
4>a»p Hayward. Niles, Han Ju«, LiTtrmoro t»>ASA
4i3Op Port Cosia. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton H»:*5*
3:U0p Tho Owl Limited— Fre»uo, Talare.
BakenOeld. Saujui for SauU Bar-
bara, Los Anceles.... 8:53a
8:00p Mirtlnf z, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 1*:S3-
BtO»r Tosemlta l-sSSr
»t3Or Kow Orleans Exprws Mendotat,
Fresno, Bakersfleld, Los Angeles,
Doming, £1 ruo, Ken Orleans
and Etst 71.1.1*
¦iOOp Hayward. NUes aod Ban Jo«« 7s5Sa
t«iO«r Vallejo II iSSt
• iO»r Oriental Mall— Ogtlen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago I2:25r
•iOOp Oriental Mail-OgdeD, Denter,
St. Lonis, Chicago. 4:*ir
7i00r Oregon aud California ISxpreas.Ha«> -
raiiiento. M»rya?llte. Keilillni. ' ' -
Portlsn.1. I'nget Mound ami Kuk S:33*
•'••¦»» 8m Pablo, Fort Costa, Maxtlnex
and Way BtaUoui 1 1:25a
tgiO8r Villein 7»S*P
COAST LINE (Narrow <i«n«e).
(root of Mitr ket Street.) ¦ ¦
~ 17t43A Santa Cruz Excnnlon to tttnU Cro-
and Principal Way Stations JSiOSy
¦1 1 5 a Nawark.Oen ter? iile t a»n Joce, Pel ton,
• Boulder Creok.SauU Orux aod Way
SUUuna .T. »«3»»
t«il 9r Newark, CenterTllie. Sail Jcae, TSew
Almadan, Felton, lionMor Vreak,
8anta Cruz and Trinolpal Way
Stations l«i.1«A
4>ISp Newark, 8an Joae, I^s Gatos t^'-^^A
« 4 1 1 5 r Qlenwood.Bonlder Creek. Banta Cro* « * «34»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from Sil mxCISCO-Fw; of Itxlit Street (Slip 8V-
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:33 lillr.u.
rumOilUlO— 7nl«r3ti«iw«j.— frt:00 )8:0O t3.-0l
10:00a.m. 12:C3 8:03 t:S8r.M. ___
COAST LINE (Hroa.l a*age).
(Third and Towusend Sts.)
6: 1 « a San Joce and Wsy Stations. «>aa)A
t7s«Oa Han Jobs »¦•<! \7ay Stations... IsBop
/7i*«A New Alinaden.. / 4>1OV
(7tSOA Sunday Excursion for 8»a Jet*.
Pant* Cms. Pactfio GroTO and
Principal Way Stations. JS:30f
•itOAHan Jo«9. HoUlater. Hauta Cnn,
Paeilie Uroto, Sallaa*. San Lull
Obispo, Bante B ar bar* ami Prin-
dpsl Intermediate T>S«—
IOiHOa San Jose and Way Stations.. ' «iS«f
I Ii3Oa 8an Jos* ami Way .HUttnns SiStty
tScl5r Sati Mateo, Kodwood, Mcnlo Park, .•
P»lo Alto, Banta Clara, HknJosa. >
'¦. Eolilster. SauU Crux. Salinaa,
» • Monterey and l"»clHe fSroTo |l«rlSA
»i»Or Stn Joar, Trea Finos. 3a.nt» Cruz.
- radfio Grora ami Way. Htatluns ' 4tl«r
. MliBr San Jo.ean.1 Principal Way Stations IH-Mi
tStOOp 8»n Jose, Los Gatos aod Principal ••¦-'••
» " W»y8tatioot !¦»••»
BtSflp9anJo«e»mJPHnoip»l Way Buttons »|3«A
¦iOOp Redwood, Han Joae, Gllroy. Halliw. ¦ »
SsmiW Barbara. Lo« Angeles 1«J»»*
B:«f»p San Joan ami Way .Station* *"<•»*
«llt45f Saw Jose mid Way Stations 7t3»y
? for Moraine. . P for Afternoon,
t Sunday ezceptad. t Sunday oaly.
• Saturday only. . • Monday.,.
' « Batarday an! 8onday ; / Tneadays and THdtym.
'ennyroyal pills
,^,-v OrlsiBal ud Only Ccauio«.
Alw.Tireliablo. l.^Io, a«M »nitr1:t
frS\ V>-*ftL ** CHICHESTEK'S ENGLISH
&'-**>¦&$£)> in UVft »n« Gold meiMlllc bex«. »nl«a
T^ —Ot»f2 with bine rtbUm. Takado other. HcTa*m
"fn **"«' T_» !>>«--—>¦¦ habatll utlotf i> ond lmlt».
I / flf tloo*. Kuy of yonr Z>ra~tm. or and 4c. la
I *— iS »t»m[.i lor PnrUmlarm, TotlmonUlfl
V^v r? u <"RellerfarL<<ull(«,"<nlefter,b/r«.
JK if taraMalL lA.OOOTatlmonl-i. 80IH7
„ >—"¦* «nr>rii«rl«fc Chlckcater <:hemtcal C-,
KeotloB ttn pap«r. _la~MB (»a<_~, fliiLA- Jr*A-
WseMy Ci $1.00 Mo_.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6—9 HEAKSY ST. JEstablished
iii 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
flispnsp wearlngron body and nrnd and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre»Knaranleed. Call or writ*
Dr. J. I 1 . GIBBON, sail Francisco, Cal.
tii ¦¦¦¦inw Tin j r -Tf*— T-nt
1%±Z\ WEBK DAYS.....} ff J*
8*0 A. X.1 fl2:15 r. _.
9:00 a. m. ¦ • .¦-:"¦" 1:15 F. M.
10*0 A. M. I HTTXDATS ' " < 8:30 *'. *•
130P.M. . • '. tJOT.U.
2Jtor. M.J I 7:10p.m.
Tm«. S«a rrmMUw «• 8— urit _a Mari. C— .-
Ticket Offices, 821 Market St.. 8c 9-nsaHto Perry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
S~\ DR. NG TOY KEE,
&L_? 1 21 ° STOCKTON ST.,
i£t VN £ Ban Franc!*eo, Cal.
P" <fi ¦ Has recently established
l^y- J the Tea and Herb Ranlta-
ytSt /¦& "• rlum In this city. All man-
/^&r\ ~\ v* ner of diseases, both exter-
—m'.l — ijM— . r>a ' an<^ internal, and -all
j£fff ~~J*t4&?Slt manner of local diseases are
V^A ';&&§&?/ skillfully treated without
*Sni &*&*'£?*¦ /W' p^rformins any kind of
~*»-HHflg_g w operation whatever.'
-~-- : - VIM, VIGOR, VITALITYJorMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
JBteJlLfc M have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
— Bnt'T tr.tMJ Mormon Church and their fol-
¦Mgawf^M lowers. Positively cure tho
HwSwyiiHii worst cases In old and yountr
wfcV iaAVB—F arising from effects of self-
WMM^fi®* abuse, dissipation, excesses or
T»— jftMra— F cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Uhfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, £¦»_— k Tarlcocele or Conl
stipation. Stop Ne •"• %J rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects 2?weiuvm a r • ' immediate.
Impart i vigor and *-=¦•• ' ~ potency -jto | every
function. . Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped .organs.
Stimulate; the brain and nerve centers; -50c a
box: 6 for $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. ; Cir-
culars free. • Address BISHOP , REMEDY CO .
40 Ellis St., San Francisco,- Cal. -GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st. mfe&£Bm®d.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
12:45, "1:45, 8:15. 4:15, 6:15, *6:15. 6:45 p. m.- • •¦•
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS^7:00. S:tt. *3:00, *10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:43. *l:30, '4j30, - *3:45. 6:00, 6:00. 7:30
p.m. 11:00 a. m. doe* not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦ - . . •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS - «5:25. • 6:27. 7:47, 8:33, 10:15
a. jn.. »12:25, 1:15. 2:20, •3:35. 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:16, 9:45, »ll:00 a. m., It
m., 1:00, 2:15, »3:30, .4:30, »y.i3. 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. ' . "* '
Trains marked (»1 start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:31
a. m., 12:35, 1:45.. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 6:20 p. m.
-EXTRA TRIPS* on Mondays. Wednesdays
an<l Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS-6:35, 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15,
1:20. 2:30. 3:45, 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
-, THROUGH TRAINS.
i 6:55 a. m. 'week days — Cazadero and way sta.
tlons. ¦"¦¦"¦¦. ¦ . •¦ "• ¦.-¦"¦¦ .<"- ' . :"¦--'.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and. way sta-
tions. . - ; ¦ . . ~- • ¦ ¦: ' . ¦¦' ¦
¦5:15 d. m. week-days (Saturdays excepted)-
Tomales and' way stations. '•-
B a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
]0 a. m. Sundays— Point ¦ Reyea and* waj
stations . ¦ - ¦ . • .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
j Local I Lim'd I OvrI'd I Local
I Dally I * I Dally | Dally .
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:08 a
•• Viealla .. 8:40 p 4:43 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy J:40a 7:30a
" Chicago jt:15p 9:00 p| ,,
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
• tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.- , \ • .
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining J Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace - Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding 1 train arrives at
6:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakers field Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— *41 Market street and in .Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
CALIFOMti RORTHWESTEBI RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Markets*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:80, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; _:».
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. fit. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and '11:30 p. m. '•
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
. San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
1:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 6:23 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. . ¦ . ¦
Leave I In' Effect j AitItb
Ban Franclaco. lAprll 23. 1901.1 Ban Francisco.
Week I Eun- I i I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
Fulton. ' I s -
7:30 am Windsor. ° 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
- Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverda)e | 7:35 pm 6:30 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml .Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:M pm
7:30 ami ' J ' 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
. 8 :30 pm I 6:00 pm . : 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and * ¦
6:10 pml 5:00 pm 1 Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm (:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm! Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and .White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
(or Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for -Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls.
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, I Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell 1 Lake. - 'Witter
Springs,. Upper- Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley"s, Buclcnell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, 'Hullvllle. Orr's x Hot
eprlngs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port; ¦ Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell' 3 Sorlnes. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . . >
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . - •
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
. ; Building. . . ,
H. C WHITINO, ~i~T"- R- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Act.
(Your grocer likes to money-
back anything* safe as well as
your merchant. V \ -
Fels-Naptha Soap.
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia. ;
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE .EMPORIUM.A vigorous growth and the original color gtv«a
to the fcalr by Parker's Hair Balsam.
¦ Hinderconu. the best cure for coma. 15 cta./«
¦ :- 1 "
CORONADO TENT CITY. - Coronado Beach.
Cal.. will be the popular summer resort this
season. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and health,' Ita splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexecelled.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thenwj
via Merced Falls. Coolterville, Hazel Green,
Merced Big Trees, .Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 tha
next" afternoon. This is the most popular rout a
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 841 liar
ket st for particulars and folder.
Best "Way to the Yosemite.
" Republicans will take'notice that if they surrender
their party to the bosses they might as well, give j up
all hooe cf carryinc the "city. %'<-••• „ 'J ¦„ ,;
There is a story that, during the hot wave in Bos
ton • the mercury exploded, ' and that j the sound of
bursting thermometers along the principal thorough-'
fares was like firecrackers on the Fourth of July. ¦*•¦¦
We believe that America leads ttieworlcTin energy,
but the New Yorkers are now lamenting that since
they began their talk of an underground railway Paris
has constructed one and is talking of another,' while
the finish of the New York project is not yet in sight.
Everything pertaining to the New Worttl
may b« easily and cheaply seen at th« Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get. to Buffalo is . by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Read, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, in which are served Amer
ican Club roeala from 35c to fl each. Book
free.' showing pictures of exposition building*.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W,
ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. S7 Crocker buUdiaj,
San Francisco. Cal. - .
Are You "Of the Old World"?
HER LAST NOBLEMAN.
Norway, it appears, has just lost the
only nobleman in her possession. Baron
Wedel- Jarlsberg is dead, and with him
passes away the last vestige of hereditary
institutions in that democratic country.
There is always the King, of course; but
he must be beginning to feel a bit lonely.
Baron Wedel- Jarlsbergr was born in the
year of Waterloo, and' served with the
Norwegian navy, for sixty-nine years.
In 1849, during the first Schleswig war
the Baron had an exciting experience. He
had y commission on the great battleship
Christian VIII. At the crowning moment
of the good battleship's fate yo*ing Wedel-
Jarlsberg, like the Maclean at the flood,
happened to be in a boat of his own He
was not killed, therefore, when the Chris,
tian VIII 'was blown sky hlg-h' • by the
Prussians, though he ; lost his boat and
had to swim ashore and be captured^. That
incident must have lit for him many dull
years, for the history of the Norwegian
navy has not : been a very exciting one
But what a> queer people the Norwegians
are. As democrats- they an$ . certainly
tnomntrn. . BENEV ¦
The "West Virginia Supreme Court of
Appeals decides that neither a professor
in a State university nor, a teacher in
the public schools is a . public officer.
Each is an employe.
"Accepting : the theory ¦ as plausible,"
said the manufacturer, "it would' logically
follow , that women are burdened with
more than their share of secrets, for fully
two-thirds of these combination desks are
intended for female customers. Why they
- are going to take the pains ' of locking up
incriminating, documents 'while their
tongues are still at liberty, is another puz
fcle, r but then the fad savors of 'the myste
rious j all the way,. through, and \ the femi
nine, phase of ' the . situation . is J in" keeping
wUk tha rest' of the circumstances: V v
As to the cause for. this new demand for
hidden nooks and crannies in desks he lg
able' to give no satisfactory explanation.
It would seem, . however, that the man of
affairs finds himself the possessor - of se
crets so grave that not even the stenogra
pher is allowed to share them , and ifhat
thecommon roll- top desk is forced to give
way to : the intricate, many-paneled con
trivance which alone is able. -to hide Im
portant papers from the prying' eyes of
clerks and office boy9. -i
A desk manufacturer says that in the
last year he has received more orders for
desks with hidden springs and secret com
partments than in the ten preceding years
put together. Some of them j have intri
cate mechanism, and by pushing secret
buttons the walls are made to fly open
and narrow crevices are revealed. '
DESKS' HIDING 1 PLACES.
Special information supplied dally- to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
iroroery street. . Telephone Main 1042. ; «
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsen<Vs, Palace. Hotel*
The idea that a mail driver may safely violate and
defy local law, hedged about by the divinity that doth
belong to mail in transit, has no foundation in law.
Interference with the mail, to be punishable by the
Federal statute, must be for a purpose lawless per se.
The immunity of the mail is not intended to cover and
protect the violation of law. If the animals which
pull the mail wagons are in such condition that to use
them is a violation of the laws of California, those
laws may be enforced, and the contractor under his
bond cannot plead that enforcement of law as a rea
son for failure to deliver the .mail.- He can get out
and pull -the wagon himself, or take the mail on his
back.
There is no Federal statute. of cruelty _ to animals,"
but that is no reason why he should be cruel to his
beasts. The postmaster states thai the mail con
tractor took his contract at so low a figure that he
cannot afford to use wf!ole horses, as .that would ab
sorb all of his profits. * Surely it is an abnormal situ
ation' that a Fedf:r?.l contractor is justified in making
his profits out of the raw withers, shoulders and backs
of suffering horses. "*f
Suppose that this contractor while driving mail on
the streets of Oakland should proceed to murder
some one. in the mail wagon, would the police-stand
off and see the crime finished because to stop it would^
interfere with the mails?
THE Society for the Prevention^ of Cruelty to
Animals in Oakland is studying a problem that
so far has resisted solution. It is
alleged that the horses used by the contractor for
carrying mails between the trains and the postoffi.ee
are afflicted with raw shoulders and backs, and are
otherwise in a condition unfit for service, their use
constituting a legal offense. The contractor, how
ever, defies' any attempt to interfere with his use of:
these horses, because he carries the mail, and Federal
law forbids interference with the United States mail.
' LAWLESS MAIL DRIVERS.
dergone ' a good many changes since a 'Rex A"n
glorum' was crowned at Westminster in 1066. The
first Edward was called 'Rex Angliae,. Dominus Hi
berniae.et Dux, s Aquitaniae,' leaving out 'Dux Nor
maniae,' which had been added. by Henry II. The
third Edward made a further change to 'Dei Gratia,
Rex Angliae et Frar.ciae ' et . . Dominus Hiberniae.'
Queen Elizabeth was the first monarch to adopt an
English description, 'Queen of England, France and
Ireland, Defender of the Faith,' and James I of course
added Scotland. The title of King of France was dis
continued by George III, just a hundred years ago,
and no further alteration was made in the royal title
until Queen Victoria added 'Empress of India/' in
1876." \ '. - .;¦ /
One of the chief objects of curiosity concerning the
new title is about the part that Canada and Aus
tralia will play in it _ 'Is Edward to be crowned "Em
peror of Canada and of Australia" as well asof India,
while remaining King of Great Britain, or is he to be
given some general\title covering the whole wide
spread empire? -There seems to be no doubt that
Edward desires to be known as'Emperorrather than
as King.' At the present time all the rulers of ereat
At present the King is officially known as "Ed
ward, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom
and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Emperor
of- India." That title is a comparatively new one for
British sovereigns, so that in changing it, or in add
ing to it, no great historic continuity will be broken.
In commenting. upon the subject the London Chron
icle says:;. "The style ofthe British sovereign has un-
MR. CHAMBERLAIN has announced that
Parliament will be asked to confer a new
title upon the sovereign of the British.em
pire. As he did not intimate what the new title would
be, the tBritish people are busily engaged in speculat
ing upon it. It is recognized that it will not be an
easy task to find a title that will suit the whole of an
empire so widely scattered, and consequently a good
deal_of ingenuity is being exercised to frame an ap
propriate one.
EDWARD'S NEW TITLE.
Blue Lake Advocate.
Ttie Call in several recent articles has
directed the attention of the people to the
proposed constitutional amendment to be
submitted to a vote at the next election.
The amendment provides for a commis
sion of five pultons clothed with authority
to regulate telegraph, telephone, light,
power, transportation, sleeping cars, ex
press companies aha other corporations.
The State is to be divided into five dis
tricts, each of which shall choose a mem
ber of the "commission, except that the
Governor shall appoint the first lot; of
commissioners. These are to be appointed
one to hold office for two years, one for
four years, one . for six years, one for
eight years and one for ten years." After
that each one will be elected for the full
term of ten years, with a salary of $6000
per year. The Call is strongly opposed to
the scheme and justly so for many rea
sons Which we will not /urge now. It is a
long time to the election when the people
will be required to vote on the measure.
Whatever might be said now will prob
ably be forgotten, so -the arguments pro
and con will be deferred until later. It Is
well, however, to' let the people- know that
such a proposition is pending. /
DEFEAT THE AMENDMENT
To follow his course all day would be
wearisome. But .when evening- comes h«
seeks relaxation at the latest American
musical comedy and finishes up with a
couple of "little liver pills" "made in
America."
He rushes out, catches the electric
tram (New York) to Shepherd's Bush,
where he gets in a Yankee elevator to
take him on to the American-fitted elec
tric railway to the city. In his office
everything, of course. Is American. At
lunch time he hastily swallows some cold
roast beef that comes from a cqw in
Iowa, and flavors it' with the latest New
England , pickles, follows with 'a few
Florida .tinned peaches and then soothes
his mind with a couple of Virginia cigar
ettes. ,¦ . ". . ' . . .
. We have got to this, says the London
Mail: The average man rises in the
morning from his New England folding
bed, shaves with "Williams" soap and a
Yankee safety razor, pulls on his Boston
boots over his socks from North Carolina,
fastens his Connecticut braces, slips his
Waltham or Waterbury watch In ! his
pocket and sits down to breakfast. There
he congratulates his wife on the tray her
Illinois straight front corset sets off her
Massachusetts blouse,- and he tackles his
breakfast, where he eats bread from
prairie flour (possibly doctored at the spe
cial establishments on the lakes), tinned
oysters from the Pacific Coast, and a
slice of Kansas City bacon, while his
wife plays with a slice ot Chicago ox
tongue. The children are given "Puritan"
oats. At the same time he reads his
morning paper printed by American ma
chines and possibly on American paper.
WHAT TIRES ENGLAND.
There have been many good stories told of the
hot spell in New York, but one of the best is to the
effect that two children fell from a third story window
of a tenement house and in falling struck a woman
who was leaning out of a second story window and
knocked her off her perch', and all three landed safely
and unhurt on the ground. Possibly their bones were
rendered "so limp by the heat they couldn't break.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The follow
ing San Franciscans have arrived at the
hotels: Shoreham, Edward G. Sweeney;
Raleigh, G. W. Dickie; National, R. O.
Lincoln. \ . . ,
Calif ornians in Washington..
very good dark horse. He has been lucky in politics
and in business; and is young enough to undertake^
xampaign. ; In the past,, however, he has been always
regarded as. a mere subordinate to Cleveland. It re
mains to be seen how big a man he will look when
he stands aloner '._ ... ...
Public attention was first directed to him by the
facfthat David Bennett Hill has of late been making
frequent visits to Lamont's country home, and the
visits' have been long as well as frequent. To the
acute eyes of New York politicians it Js 'evident that
"something j is doing." It will be remembered that
HiTl^was the, most able and one of the most bitter
opponents of Cleveland in New York politics, while
Lamont was always 1 Cleveland's personal as well as
political friend. The consultations now going on be
tween the two are therefore regarded as evidence that
all the old crowd are going to drop past quarrels and
unite for the purpose of getting rid of Bryan and also
of Croker. It is believed in New York that Hill
knows he cannot make a winning fight as a candidate,
and is therefore quite willing to combine with the
Cleveland crowd and support Lamont. \
Such is the latest development of midsummer poli
tics in the far East. Dan Lamont would indeed be a
Ever since the- close of the Cleveland regime at
Washington Lamont has been busy making money,
and is now reported to be a very rich man. So long
as Bryan was in the saddle he had little care to show
himself in politics, but now that Bryan has passed
like a pirate ship in the night Lamont emerges. He
comes forth this time as a possible candidate for the
Presidency," and as a consequence something of na
tional interest attaches to his reappearance. ' - ,
SINCE the Democrats of Ohio boldly made a
new departure in politics by throwing Bryan
overfeoard -there has been 'renewed activity
among Democrats all over the country. Nat
urally the new movement has been most vigorous
and, most notable in New York, and in the course of
its moving it has brought to light once, more, Daniel
S. Lamont, who was once private secretary to Cleve
land and afterward Secretary of War.
THE REVIVAL OP LAMONT.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— A. Himmelrhan, "W. A.
Ristenpart, at the Imperial; "Miss Mc-
Gowan, at the Bartholdi.
Los Angeles— Mrs. !». Morton, at the Im
perial; L. B. "White, at the Astor.
Calif ornians in New York.
' M. Santos-Dumont, whose flying machine recently
made what is reported to have been a successful trip
around Paris, is not a Frenchman, but a Brazilian,
so if Ee make the thing go th*e triumph will belong
to America after all. * ¦
We are simply asking that the Republican party, a
vast majority of whose members are dean and decent
people, shall take counsel of its cleanness and decency,
and not of the filth and political dust which may be
found in all parties. *,
The Call does not care a bean for any personal con
sideration involved. We are not asking that any men
have place on tickets because we like them person
ally, or that any be excluded because we dislike them
personally.
The Republican party is not responsible for what
is now in this city. It may be bad, in some respects
very bad, but the party cannot be charged with it.
If local control be given to bosses whose administra
tion of affairs would be so bad that it already is a
stench before it pips the shell, Republicans who value
the good name of their party will apply the remedy
by snubbing the polls, or by plumping ballots against
party disgrace.
We are not aware of any existing condition, how
ever bad, which the people are apt to run away from
in such a panic as to fetch up in the arms of Kelly
and Crimmins.
San Francisco needs a more enlightened adminis
tration than it is getting, but those are mistaken who
think it possible that the people will be willing to
exchange a bad administration for a worse one.
To turn the party over to 6 pair of bosses, with the
result of giving them the city to loot as they please,
is to be disloyal to the party, and secure its defeat.
SAVE SAN FBAN0IS0O POLITICS.
WE do not believe it possible for the Repub
lican party to carry San Francisco upon any
other than the principles laid down by Post
master General Smith in bis letter to the Philadelphia
Mrs. Styles^-Are you going out on your
wheel to-day, Bridget?
Bridget— Indade, I'm not, mum; I'd not
break the Sabbath day, mum.
"I'm glad there's something you're not
going to break, Bridget."— Yonkers
Statesman.
At a certain function presided ovep^fty
a very short-sighted Bishop a youngPman
arrived very late and explained that he
had been detained in attendance on his
mother.
"Quite right," said the Bishop, "no need
to apologize. A man's first duty is to his
parents. I hope the dear old lady is very
well ? Remember me very kindly to her
and tell her I shall drop in to tea next
Sunday If I can manage it."
When the young man had passed on the
Bishop turned to a bystander and said:
"That was young Jack Seymour, was It
not?"
"No, my Lord, was the reply. "That
gentleman was the Duke of Connaught "
— Tid-Bits. ..
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
"Oh, where is my new. collarette?"
Said Mary Ann Man one;
"I've searched the house both high and
low— . '
"Wherever has it, gone?"
Her father said: "Go find the goat.
And do no longer fret;
I saw him chewing, and I think
He has your collarette."
— Yonkers Statesman.
A circus paid a flying visit to a small
northern town noflong ago ami the price
of admission was sixpence, children under
10 years of age half price. It was Edith's
tenth birthday and her brother Tom, aged
13, took her in the afternoon to see the
show. /
Arrived at the door he put down nine
pence and asked for two front seats.
"How old is the little girl?" asked the
money-taker doubtfully. ,
" "Well." replied Master To$n, "thla Is
her tenth birthday, but she was not bom
until rather late in the afternoon."
The money-taker accepted the statement
and. handed: him the tickets, but it was a
close shave.— Tid Bits.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Harry E. Corbett left; yesterday for
Bartlett Springs.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, Is a
guest at the Palace. ;
A. P. Fraser, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is at. the Occidental.
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels returned from
Paris yesterday and Is at the Palace.
W. F. Knox, the well-known attorney
of Sacramento, is a guest at the Grand.
J. C. Campbell, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is spending a few days at the
Grand.
F. H. Call, a merchant of Los Angeles,
is here on business. He is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. Brown, a prominent physician of
Martinez, is staying at the Grand with
his wife.
Special Treasury Agent Linck of Seat
tle is visiting the Custom-house on official
business.
William Johnson, an extensive fruit
grower of Courtland, Is spending a few
days at the Lick., \ ... , '
Julius C. Lang, a member of the firm of
Lang & Co., wholesale grocers of Port
land, Or., is staying at the Palace.
O. .0. ."Webber, District Attorney of
Santa Rosa, returned from an ¦ extended
tour of the East yesterday. He is stay-
Ing at the Lick.
Samuel F. NIxoir; a prominent theatri
cal manager, of Philadelphia, arrived here
yesterday with his wife. They are stay
ing at the Palace.
Clarence" D. Sprigg, Chief Deputy Col
lector of Customs at San Diego, who has
been on an official visit to the local Cus
tom-house and Appraiser's store, returns
to San Dieeo to-day.
STREET cars without tracks, cable, trolley or horses and, most of all, -without
franchises, Boon will be running regularly on the streets of Chicago, says the
Tribune of that city. The first one of the omnibus automobiles has arrived In
the city and next week will start pn.its regular route, between Jackson boule
vard and Lincoln Park. It will be the first automobile in Chicago to carry
forty or more people. 1?he fare will be*5 cents.
The passenger on the "Imperial" may take his choice between two decks. No
matter where he goes, the promoters of the omnibus line declare, he will be pro
vided with a seat. The sample omnibus Is thirty feet long. It is equipped with
four driving wheels with motor hubs, the tires being of solid rubber.
! From a beginning with one vehicle and one route the company promises to ex- -
tend its service to carry "passengers on a number of routes into the heart of the
city. From the moment every seat in an omnibus is taken the vehicle will become
ah "express car,"say the promoters, and will make no stop on the route until the
first passenger reaches his destination. --
rFares will be placed in" slots frem either deck. The guard will stand on ths
stairway leading to'the upper.- deck, where he can make change for passengers on
either level. Passengers will be allowed to talk to the motorman if they choose,
inasmuch as the motorman in his glass-inclosed space at the front of the vehicle
will be unable to hear them.
The cabs are to be lighted and heated by electricity, and electric push-buttons
are provided at every scat. The strength of The driving wheels is expected to en
able each omnibus to carry a trailer. Each wheel is a driving tmit, the two front
wheels being steering wheels as well. The storage battery system will be used .^
and the rahtales will be charged, at the end of each run, which will not average
more than tavc/oe 2w miles.
It is not worth while to go over again all the argu
ments which led up to the unanimous passage of the
ordinance closing the cemeteries more than a year
ago. The one thing now is to direct the attention
of the court to the importance of the issue. While
the suit attacking the validity of the ordinance re
mains unsettled the injunction will stand and the or
dinance be of no effect. Surely it is time to bring it
to a trial and make way for the enforcement of a law
which is designed to rid the community, of a grave
evil and materially benefit all classes of people.
The importance of the issue is- sufficient to justify
the courts in advancing the suit upon the calendar and
thus bringing it to. prompt settlement. The welfare
of the community requires the closing of burying
grounds within the city limits. The cemeteries oc
cupy some of the most picturesque parts of the pen
insula, and one of them, Laurel Hill, holds such a com
manding site that it 'overlooks the city, the bay and
the Golden Gate. Having such positions and covering
large areas, they retard the growth of the city in
some of its most important sections. Furthermore,
they constitute a menace to public health, for there is
always danger that diseases may arise from decaying
bodies deposited in sites from which the drainage
passes through thickly settled localities.
Of the beneficial nature of the ordinance there can
be.no doubt. The q-aestion of the effect of the ceme
teries upon the city was discussed among the people,
in the press and before the Supervisors for a long
time before action was taken. There is nothing in the
ordinance in the nature of hasty legislation. • After
the fullest investigation of every phase of the subject
it was passed unanimously, and as it was provided that
it should not go into effect for much more than a
year after its passage, ample time was given for con
testing its validity, or for preparing for its operation.
Still the ordinance is to be held up. The cemeteries
are able even after all this time to come into court
and postpone the enforcement of the ordinance # by
getting out injunctions.
Here, then, is another illustration of that long
delay in court proceedings that scTseriously interferes
with progress and justice. A suit brought more than
a year ago, involving a matter of public concern and
importance, ought certainly to have been heard be
fore this. As it stands now the untried suit has all
the effect of a victory for the antagonists of the or
dinance. The injunction stops the effect of the. law
and nothing will be gained until the case has been
heard and adjudicated, __
The suit; in question was brought by one of the ceme
teries over a year ago. It remains to this day untried
and stands as a bar tc the enforcement of the ordi
nance, whose operation will be beneficial to the whole
community.
MORE than a year ago — or, to be exact, March
26, 19007-the Board of Supervisors passed
an ordinance closing the cemeteries within
the city limits. The ordinance was to go into effect
on August' 1 of this year, but it has been suspended
kfy an injunction granted by Judge Hebbard which
will hold good until a suit attacking the validity of
the ordinance shall have been tried and determined.
THE LAW'S LONG DELAY.
There is now talk about the organization of a trust
among the makers of letter-boxes used by farmers on
the free delivery routes, and it seems that If the Gov
ernment do not interfere the free delivery will be a
cinch for the trust and the farmer will have to pay,
all 'the traffic will bear.
AUTOMOBILE STREET
CARS FOR CHICAGO
not directly or indirectly made, and will not
make, any agreement or contract, in any way
or manner, with any person, or persons, cor
poration or syndicate whatsoever, by which th»
title which he or she might • acquire from th»
Government of the United States should mure,
in whole or In part, to the benefit of any per
son, except himself or herself; and upon
filing such affidavit -with the Resrtster or Re
ceiver,* on payment of $3 when the entry !¦ of
not more than eighty acres and on payment
of $10 when the Tn try is for more than eighty
acres. , he or she shall thereupon be permitted
to enter the amount of land specified.
A man may cut and sell timber when,
clearing the land for cultivation, provid
ing ho does cultivate the land after clear-
Ing. Land taken up as a homestead under,
the United States laws is Itself exempt
from State or county taxation until it is
finally entered, but the improvements ara
subject to taxation.
speculation, but in «ood' faith to obtain a hom»
for himself or herself, and that he or she has
RAFFLB-A Subscriber. Salinas. Cal. A
person in the State of California cannot
dispose of a piece of real estafc >*»«•
without infringing' on the State law
against lotteries, etc.
POLISH LIBRART-G. A. C., Hay
wards. Cal. Ignatz Kolasa is the secre
tary of the Polish Society of San Fran-
Cisco. The library of that society Is at
3 Polk street, San Francisco.
CH1X.BI.AINS-C., City. Whether the
inflammation following chilblains can b»
reduced may depend upon conditions and
that is & matter that can be decided only
by a competent physician.
POPULATION OF CITTKS— G. K.. Sac
ramento, Cal. The census of 1900 sets
forth that the population of Greater New
York is 3,437,202; Philadelphia. 1.293,Sarr;
Chicago, 1,698,573; Boston, 560.S32. and St.
Louis, 575,233.
PATENTED LAND— C. H. J.. Fresno.
Cal. After a patent to a piece Qf land has
been obtained from the United States
Government whatever mineral may be
discovered in the land vests in the owner.
No one would have a right to locate a
mineral claim on such land.
PLATING PARTNERS—M. F. L., City.
If four men engage In a game of cards,
forming two sets of partners, and "play
several games as such partners and no
account is kept of individual tricks tak
en," none of the players can say that h©
won any game individually.
PATENT LAWS— Old Reader, City. Any
dealer in law books will procure for you
books that treat on patent laws. If you
simply want to learn the mode of pro
cedure in the matter of applying for and
Obtaining a patent, you can find such,
books in the Free Public Library.
N
CITIZENSHIP— Subscriber, City. The
fact that a man who was born to ths
United States was the son of a man who
was an alien and never became a citizen
of the United States does not deprive him
of the right to vote. He is a citteen by
birth and entitled to all the privileges of
a citizen of the United States.
LANDLORD AND TENANT-J. R..
City. You can see the codes of Califor
nia at the Free Public Library, reference
room, In which you will find all the law
that there is as to the rights of landlord
and tenant: also what course is to be
taken when a notice to quit Is to be served
on a tenant.
SOCIALISTIC PARTY— G. L. H., Oak
land. What the Socialistic Labor party
wants is expressed in Its last issued platt
form. You can find the same in the
World's Almanac for the current year.
The aggregate vote for the candidate ot
the Socialistic Labor party at the Presi
dential election in 1900 was 39,759.
TO DRAMATIZE A BOOK— W. H. E..
City. If a book Is copyrighted and bears
the Imprint "All rights reserved" no on»
would have the right to dramatize such
book without the author's consent. To
obtain the consent of the author is gen
erally a matter of dollars and cents, to
be agreed upon by the author and th©
would-be dramatist.
HOMESTEAD ENTRY— A. S., Colum
bia, Cal. The taking up of Government
land In California Is governed.by the fol
lowing sections of the Revised Statutes of
the United States:
Section '2289— Every person who Is th9 head
of a family, or who has arrived at the age of
21 years, and 13 a citizen of the United States,
dr who has ftled his declaration of Intention tt»
become such, a3 required by the naturaliza
tion laws, shall be entitled to enter one quar-.
ter section, or a less quantity, of unappro
priated public lands, to be located in a body
In conformity to the legal subdivisions of th»
public lands r but no person who Is the pro
prietor of more than 160 acres of land In a*y
State or Territory shall acquire any right Tra
der the homestead law. And every person
owning and residing on land may, under th.9
provisions of this section, enter other Ian<$
lying contiguous to his land, •which shall not,
with the land so already owned and occupied,
exceed In the aggregate 160 acres.
Section 2290— That any person applying to en
ter land under the preceding section shall first
make and tubscribe before the proper office*
and file in the proper land office an affidavit
that he or she la the head of a family or is
over 21 years of age. and that such applica
tion Is honestly and In good faith made for th«
purpose of actual settlement and cultivation,
and not for the benefit of any other person,
persons or corporations, and that he or sha
will faithfully and honestly endeavor to com
ply with all the requirements of law as tc»
settlement, residence and cultivation neces
sary to acquire title to the land applied for;
that he or she Is not acting as agent of any
person, corporation or syndicate fn making
such entry, nor In collusion with any person,
corporation or syndicate to srtve them th»
benefit of th* land entered, or any part there
of, or the timber thereon; that he or sh« does
not apply to enter the same for the purpose of,
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
first-class powers in Europe arc known as Emperors.
Kings are confined to small states. There will prob
ably be something of opposition made to the change
in Parliament, but it will not amount to much, and
it is possible that with the coronation the old title
of King of Great Britain and Ireland may pass out of
history.
As a county of California Hawaii would be toler
able. As a State it would be intolerable. 'As for
Harper's Weekly, we may safely challenge it to give
reasons for intimating that to- be a county of Cali
fornia is to be in intolerable bondage. The late Fer
nando Wood, not long after having been Mayor of
New York City, advised that it secede from the
Union, becoming a free city after the fashion of the
Hanse towns. The cities ot California may have had
Mayors whose secession and absence would have
been agreeable "to the people, but so far no California
Mayor has professed to find the relation to the State
so undesirable as to suggest secession as a remedy.
Where people have to be expatriated in their in
fancy, to be reared abroad to adult age, there are not
the proper conditions for a desirable population.
Adult whites will resort to Hawaii for acquisitive or
inquisitive purposes, and when financially able to do
so I will oscillate between the islands and the conti
nent, but such people do not make a State. They
are. not the propagators of institutions and the con
scientious keepers of that faith which must be the
cementing principle of stable government.
The white population of Hawaii is about that of a
ward in San Francisco, and the whole motley mass of
her people is exceeded in number by several counties
of California. There is every prospect that the white
population of the islands will decrease, rather than
increase. White children cannot be safely reared
there, and population never v flourishes greatly where
it is composed of sojourning adults and is not built
up from the cradle.
We have no doubt that Harper's Weekly would see
policy and propriety in Porto Rico County, 'New
York, while it sees neither in Hawaii County, Cali
fornia! Yet the interest of California in Hawaii is
much greater than that of New York in Porto Rico.
We are concerned in having a rival State lying out
side of us in the Pacific, with two probably antago
nistic Senators and a Representative. Our interests
are to be first considered rather than those of a peo
ple who from selfish and*discreditable motives made
such frantic efforts to break into the United States.
As far as they are concerned California prefers them
as citizens of one of her counties rather than as her
masters in the National Government.
That paper talks about the danger of incorporating
the islands into California, and intimates that to do so
will in some way endanger the Union and our insti
tutions. It also contends that such incorporation will
disappoint the just expectations of the people .of Ha
waii that they are to be a sovereign and independent
State. We are not aware of the parsing of any prom
ise that justifies any such expectation, nor of any
obligation on the part of the United States to satisfy
such aspiration, if it exist. We do not believe that the
people of this country will ever consent to the exist
ence of non-continental States, non-contiguous and
isolated. Such States can never I be homogeneous
with the rest of the country. Their wide sep
aration, their difference in physical conditions,
production, social life and in everything which
makes up the character and motive of a peo
ple, will continually increase the interests that
are not common to them and. the rest of the Union.
In the National Government, as States, they would
be the cause of constant discord. The inequalities of
law demanded by their position and condition would
insidiously sap our system, which is intended to make
of the Federal Government the dispenser of exact
equality. In close contests we don't want the balance
of power in our politics to be held by such States, as
it easily would be. There is no point of- view from
which such States are desirable, not even from that
of their own interests. We are aware that the ques
tion will be asked, What difference between admitting
them as States, or making them parts of already exist
ing States? We admit that both are evil. Each is
part of the problem we took upon us with the other
consequences of the Spanish war. As parts of ex
isting States, such possessions as Hawaii and Porto
Rico can do less harm to themselves and to us than
as States, .-though no one need anticipate the perfec
tion of civic and social felicity from that policy.
HAWAII COUNTY, CAL.
WHILE neither the press nor the people of
this State may be regarded as in any way
committed* to the proposition to ' 'make
Hawaii a county of California, both resent such dis
cussion of that proposition as Harper's Weekly in
dulges in.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY; JULY 24, 1901.
WED t NESDAY~...... JULY 24, iQoi;
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addmi All ComtesuortloM to W. S..LEAKE, Kwagtr.
JIASAGER'S OFFICE Telephone P^^^J.
j^rinACATIOjrOFPlCK...SJarUet and Third, S. F. ,
Telephone Pres« SOI.
EDITORIAL WOOSIS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I'ress 202.
Delivered *r Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
«Jner1o Co---tem. 5 Cents.
Terms \tr Matl. I«<*ln€lln*r I'ostns:*'
PA.ILT CALT, rineluains Suniay). cne year *••"
r»AILY CAIX. {Including Punday). « months...*...., S.OO
DAILT CAXXi flnelndins: Furday). S menths I- 59
PA.ILT CAX,Ir-By Slns> Month 65 °
FUNDAT CALL. One Tear 1 - 5 '
WEEKLY CALI* One Tear 1M
All postmaster- nre anthorlted to receive
•nhHcrl ptiona.
Cajjjpis copies -srlll be forwarded when requested. ,
Mad enbucrlbem In ordering chanire of address should be
Wtlcular to rive both NXW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to larcre a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.VXD OFFICE. 77777777!.... HIS Broadway
C. GKORGE KB.OGKESS.
Ktctgcr Foreign Advertising. H»rqiwtte Bnilding. CMe*g».
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KETV YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARX/TOIJ Herald S«nare
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEJT B. SMITH 30 Trlhnne Building
HRATfCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, eornet- of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. «33
MeAIllster. open until 9:S0 o'clock. 815 t<arkln, open until
t:39 o'clock. 1341 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
rorser Bixteenth, open until » o'clock. V4* Valencia, open
untfl » o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
KM Finmore. open tintll 9 p. m.
6
.OITJSEMENTS.
Colombia— "Garrett O'Maeh." ¦ ' . J
Alcazar— "The Country Girl." i
Grand Opera-house— "Paul" Kauvar." ¦
Central— "Trilby." - ¦ .
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker." -
California— "The Cae« of Rebellious Susan," Monday, July 29
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Olyinpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tbe*ter— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Ffsch er* s— Vau 4e vllle.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
AUCTION SALES.
j> r trnicin St-T^kyartSs Comoany- Monday. July 29. at 10
r-Vinck. Packing -hmas* Machinery, at Rod pp. Cal.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEiYISG TOW FOR THE SUMMER.
Call i>ml»serU»«*» cofttemplatiiig n cfa^ngre of
resldeace Aurtne **>« «nn»m«r months can Im»t«
their paper forvrarded by mall to their new
addressee by »oti«j-i»sr The Call BMlneii Office.
Tbis paper ¦wfll also be oa sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a lpeal scent la
all town* on the coast.Tax Collector Scott yesterday appointed
James A- Code. John "White and Edward
C. Harrirgton from the civil service iist
to experienced clerkships in his office.
Parker Janes resigned his position as
Clerk. The first man on the list; Charles
A. Bread, was rejected by Scott because
he was on former T.ix Collector Sheehan's
side when ScoU attempted to take office
last year. Broad is said to have thrown
an ink bottle at Abe Ruef. Scott's attor
ney, during- the rumpus. Scott has made
requisition for nfty-ni^e ordinary clerks
to make out the tax bi!ls.
Appointed Experienced Clerks.
Adopting: It.
The Mttle waif left on the doorstep of
Mrs. Grace Richardson at 3622 Seven
teenth street on Sunday night has been
restored to its mother. As published yes
terday. Mrs. Lizzie Chapton saw the
child being taken to the station house by
a policeman Her heart went out to the
forsaken one and she asked leave to care
for it. Permission being granted her,
Mrs. Chapton took the waif to her home
with the intention of adopting- it.
Yesterday the mother of the babe made
her way, half fainting from illness, to
Mrs. Chapton's home- and demanded her
child. She "incoherently told a story of
her brother-in-law having taken the babe
from her end leaving- it to die on a door
step. The Chaptons reluctantly surren
dered possession of the Infant, and last
night Mr. Chapton reported the matter to
the steward of the Emergency Hospital.
He could not give the name of the woman
The police are investigating the strange
case.
EOMA1TCE OP A WAIP
LEFT ON A DOOBSTEP
Unknown Mother Claims the Child
From People Who Intended
Edwin S. Gill, managing editor of the
Honolulu Republican, arrived here yester
day from the Hawaiian Islands and Is
staying at the Palace. He made some
very Interesting statements last evening
In reference to the present government of
the islandfi.
"The Hawaiian government is most ex
pensively conducted," said he. "The cost
of running the government. In rouni
figures, was. In 1900. $360,000. The per
capita tax was $23 26, while California,
whic"n Is one of the most expensively con
ducted States in the Union, was only
$5 06. This will give you an idea of what
work is going on in Hawaii at the present
time.
"Governor Dole at the last meeting of
the Legislature estimated the expenses of
salaries alone at $2,100,000 and $2,600,000 for
various other expenses. The treasurer
estimated that the expenses would be
54.700,000 and that the income would be
J4.100.000. No provision was made by the
Legislature for this deficiency of $600,000.
That will give you an idea how they
manage finances in the islands.
"There ar© only 154.000 residents In the
islands, yet a whole army of police ls> In
command. The policemen perform custom
and internal revenue duty and make their
salaries the best way they can. We have
no municipal, or state government al
thoug-h people are clamoring- for it. I will
give one illustration of misrule under
Governor Dole. The Island of Maui is
only 600 square miles and it costs for
policing alone $27,000 a year. Do you
understand family compact? No! It
simply means a man noidlng office puts
in all his relatives. Governor Dole has his
nephew in as Attorney General at a
salary of $4500 a year and his brother-in
law was until the 1st- of July assistant
superintendent of th© Board of Publ?c
Works."
Police Force Is a Standing
Army and Performs
Little Duty.
Administration of Affairs
in Hawaii .Proves
Very Costly.
GILL CRITICIZES
GOVERNOR DOLE
¦jy w. Teager, Colorado, 66; F. A. Kuhls,
Ban 'Francisco. 66; Otto . Burmelster, San Fran
cisco M: C. J. Barnes, Colorado, 65; G. M.
Barley Ban Francisco. 65; A. Bergerow, New
York, 65' H. R. Brown, San Francisco, 65; A.
Hohmann. San Francisco, 65; A. Hintej-mann,
San Francisco, 65; W. R. Hayett. Sacramento,
65- C A. Schafer. Colorado, 65; Max Schmidt,
San Jose 65; Dr. I». O. Rodgers, San Francisco,
«• Dr. A. M. Barker, San Jose. 65; W. F.
Bl'aaae San Francisco, 64; Homer Elliott,. Colo
rado, 64* W. G. Hoffmann, San Francisco, 64;
Dr. F. Schumacher of San Jose carried
off the honors on the Eureka horrorary
target. His score of 70 entitled him to the
first prize, the Hearst vase. F. E. Mason
of this city won the John D. Spreckels
trophy by making 69 points. Dr. M. E.
Taber of Los Angeles shot 68 and was
given the $500 presented to the bund by
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
The James G. Phelan cup was won by
E Schmid of Sacramento. The fifth prize.
a set of silver table ware, the gift of
Claus Spreckels,' was won by Chris
Meyer of San Francisco on a score of 68.
L P. Ittel of Alleghany, Pa., scored C7,
which entitled him to the N. Ahrens
punch bowl, e
F. Pape of this city won the silver ser
vice offered as . seventh prize by Charles
Zlnkand- Hia score, was 67. $300 of 51503
given by the San Francisco Brewers'
Protective Association to the festival wbs
presented to A. Haynke of Sacramento as
eighth prize, he having scored 67.
Bushnell'B gold watch, the ninth prize,
was won by J. D. East of Colorado on a
score of. 67, and Captain Seibe's $200 cash
prize was won by L. N.' RItzau of San
Francisco, who also made 67 points. -
The other •winners on the Eureka and
their scores are: ',;•;-
Scores on Eureka Target.
The officers and directors of the Bundes
fest are greatly pleased with the financial
success attending- the ten days' festival.
It is now an assured fact that the National
Bund will be enriched some $5000 through
the festival. The receipts from the gate,
the sale of tickets to contestants and the
percentage of bar receipts are more than
$25,000. The expenses will hardly reach
$20,000, thus resulting in a profit of a sum
approximated at $5000.
The crowning of King Adolph Stre*cker
wound up the shooting duties of the fes
tival. The hour for this ceremony was set
at 7 p. m. f but did not take place until
four hours later. It was simple in design
and execution. ' Led by a band, the. new
shooting king of America marched from
the ranges to the pavilion, scores of
marksmen following In line. In the pa
vilion President Kuhls pinned the na
tional king medal on Strccker's chest,
while the band played "Hail! Hall! to the
Chief." Strecker also received the State
prize, the silver and goid leaflet crown.
To the few words of introduction by Pres
ident Kuhls the holder of the new world's
record on the king target responded some
what at length. Then the ceremony was
brought to an end and the dance recom
menced. The revelry continued until -2
o'clock this morning, when the special
train left the grounds for the mole. When
the last sounds died in the pavilion the
prize committee was still distributing
medals and prizes.
Festival Financial Success.
Fred H. Bushnell 64, Fred D. Smith 64,
Captain Emil Berckmann, Hoboken, 60; E.
L.. Riemenschneider 60, Edward Neff, Los
Angeles. 60; F. O. Young 58, S.H. Ness 57,
George W. Hoadley 55, C. H. Letcher, San
Jose, 54; A. G. Stroh 54, A. Ackermann,
Sacramento 63.
As each shooter received his prize his
friends in "the back would give vent to
cheers. Some displayed their medals or
their cups to the curious crowd, others
walked off. eager to get away with the
spoils of shooting. The winner of the $500
prize donated by the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein found little time in pick
ing the gold out of the frame which also
contained a picture of the verein mem
bers. Frame and picture found a cold
resting place against the temple of fame.
The money was packed away. In many
cases the choice of prizes was wide, al
lowing the shooter an opportunity to dis
play taste. Judgment and selection.
L. Haake, G. Quitmeyer, J. McMillan. • San
Jose'; Charles Zinkand, J. E. Gorman, G. W.
Goetze, G. Orsl. W. -W. Yeager, Colorado;
Captain ; John Thode, O. ' M. Barnes, ; Colorado ;
F. Fay, Glen Ellen; LT .Vogel, New York; D.
W. ' : Knight Jr..= J. Straub, O. Imdorf . F. , M.
Ferguson. Ev H. 1 Ladd, C. A. Shafer, Colorado;
O. Bremer, \ J.* B. I Cavanaugh, \ A. Marquis, Los
Angeles: Frank Mathie, Wisconsin; H. Enge,'
G. Rlschmuller. H. ¦" Huber, .¦ A. ¦ Bertelsen, . F.
D.'East, Colorado; G. Mannell. Smith Car, F.
N. Scofleld, Ean "Diego; J.^Geftken, ¦ O. Schlue
ter. ¦ '¦ '.¦¦:¦*:>:"¦ ¦. :';'•..,-.••
F E. Mason\ M. Gindele, Ohio; W. H.
French Colorado: F. Kuhnle, Petaluma: E. 1 H.
Goetze George Alpers, A. Bergerow, New York;
W Hasenzahl, Ohio: E. Schmld, Sacramento;
j 'd Heise, A. Gehret, A. B. Dorrell. Oakland;
e' D Neff, Los Angeles: E. A. Leighton, Los
Angeles: E. A. Schafer, Colorado; Alfred Gfel
ler St. Louis, Mo.; F. Ruhstaller, Sacramento;
*W.' Glindemann, J. G. -Dillon, Pennsylvania; N.
Ahrens. - ' . /'
The following received $3 each on scores
of from 70 to 68: , ¦ ,
L. Vogel. New York: D. B^ (Faktor. M. C.
Ramsey. Cblorado; M. E. Taber, L<53 Angeles:
E Maxey. San Joee; Dr. F. H. Bangs, San
Jose; J. Gruehler, Sacramento; J. C Hudel
son, Colorado: J- . Schuler, L. Bendel, A.
Mocker -Dr. F. . Schumacher, San Jose; • F.
Speth, Ohio; H. Strecker, Stockton: R. Gute,
New York; Max Schmidt. San Jose; , F. J.
Carroll, L. Barrere. W. -Doell, F. Attinger,
K. Wertheimer. F. N. Scofleld, San Diego;
George Keffel, San Jose; L. N. RItzau, C. J.
Barnes, Colorado.
"The following received $2 each oh scores
of from 67 to 58: v
A Strecker, F. P. Schuster. F. C. Ross, New
York- LO P. Ittel, Pennsylvania; Edward
Payne' Ohio; W. Hayes, New York; A. Breuss,
F W 'Belknap, Los Angeles; W. A. Frick, Los
Angeles; T. J. Malana, Chicago; A. ,Burgi, E.
Ben:. Iowa.' " -
The following received $5 each on scores
of from 73 to 71:
First prize. C. M. Henderson. San Francisco,
score 79. J200; H. M. Pope, Massachusetts, 78,
two- C Meyer. San Francisco, 77. $90: E.- Berck
mann 'New York. 77, $80; D. W. McLaugV.in.
San Franc lpco, 77, $7<1: J. UtschlK. San Fran
rlsoo 77 $60: C. Thierbach. 77, $50: Otto
Lemcke '77. $45: Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 76. $35; A.
Jungblut, 76. $30; 'A. H. Pape, 76, $25: F. Baum
e-nrtner 75 $20; JI Hauerwnas, Los Angetes. 75,
MS- J 'Singer, Ixjs Angeles, 75. $15: William
Ehi-enpfort, 75, $15; T. R. Gelsel, Pennsylvania,
74, $15.
The following received $8 each on scores
of 71:
Scores on Man Target.
W Glindemann: L. P. Ittel, Pennsylvania;
Dr. J. P- Twist, F. Fay, P. J. Carroll; W. ft.
Hyatt Sacramento; J. A. Dlerson; Max
Schmidt. San Jose: .T. Gruehler, Sacramento:
J Furrsr; Joseph Maler. Los Ansreles; Captain
L. Slebe- L. VoRel, New York; H. M. Hender-
Eo'n H Schroeder. G. J. White. S. Helno; J. n.
Delehanty. New York: W. Hatje, John Beut
tler B. Wlrtner; G. R. Vaught. Denver: F.
Horstmann; C. J. Barnes, Colorado; J. E.
Klein. '
The following received $2 each:
A H. Pape; M. Gindele, Cincinnati; Frank
Mathie "Wisconsin; L Thierbach, J.-.A. .Fetz
Jr.; J. W. King Jr., Denver; Otto Lemcks; E.
F "Richter. Wisconsin: John Utschlg: W. W.
Yeager, Colorado; H. Kcster. J. McMillen. San
Tose- F Ruhstaller. Sacramento: J. Schumann.
New York: H. Huppert. C. H. Ladd. E. Moen
nlng H. Tietjen, E. Hovey, H. L. Soehlmann,
J C. Walker, D. B. Faktor, Joseph Straub:
J H Dean, Colorado: John Zahn, M. H. At
kins, H. A. Wicker, R. Meyerhofer. W. Plath.
The following received $3 each:
' Albert "Winker was granted a divorce
frbm Josephine Winker yesterday on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
Suits fo*r divorce have been filed by
John Hunt against Mrs. L. Hunt for de
sertion, Louisa Antoni against Samuel
Antoni for cruelty, Helen G. Hassett
against William A. Hassett for desertion
and Grace B. Clements against Daniel L.
Clements for cruelty.
onel S. Barrere; George Quitmeyer, Cincinnati;
E. Woenne, A. Hohman, C. M. Dalss, Phllo
Ja^oby, H, Koster; L. P. Hanserf. New York;
W. Hayes.NNew York; H. Huber; F. Dlttling.
Sacramento; Dr. F. Schumacher, San Jose: F.
A. Kuhls; G. N. Hoadley, Colorado; A. Mar
quis, Los Angeles: E. Berg, Davenport. Iowa;
C. Weggenmann; H. M. Pope, Massachusetts;
W H. French. Colorado: Louis Haake,. A.
Mocker: J. F. Peck. A. Hintermann, E. Ipsen.
In the Divorce Court.
L. P. Ittel, Pa., first prize Ol), $250; W. F.
Belknap, Los Angeles (74), $175; Dr. I* O.
Rodgers (74), $115; F. P. Schuster (73), $100;
W. Glindemann, (73), $80; E. Schmld, Sacra
mento (73). $73; N. Ahrens (73). $70; E. Berck
tnann, Hoboken (73), $65;. A. Gehret (72), $60;,
H. M. Pope, Massachusetts (72), $55; T. R.
Oetsel. Springfield. Mass. (72), $50; A. H. Pape
(72). $40; W. Hasenzahl. Cincinnati (72), $30;
J. Hauerwaas. Los -Angeles (72), $25; L. Brehm,
Pennsylvania (72), $18. J. Meyer of Sacra
mento, W. . Hayes of New York, , D. . B. Fak
tor and C. J. Barnes of Colorado each scored
71 and received Jlo. J. Busfleld of Haverhill,
Mass.. W. H. French of Colorado, O.' Bremer
and F. C. Ross of New York each scored 71 and
received $10. ,
The following received $5, making. 71
points: ,
E. Berg of Iowa. L. N. RItzau, W. Hyatt, -A,
Mocker, F. D. Smith. , . ¦ . ¦
¦ Making 70 points— C. A. Lelghton of Los An-'
geles, John Utschlg. Frank Mathie of Milwau
kee, F. E. Mason, E.- Bridge of Massachusetts,
R. Gute of New York, A. B. Dorrell of Oak
land, J. McMIllen of San Jose, A., Strecker,'
J. E. Gorman. ..-.,•...- . ¦¦-
Making 69 points — M.' Gindele of Cincinnati,
W. W. Yeager of Colorado, Charles Thierbach,'
EING TARGET SCORES.
Making 53— A. Ackermann, Sacramento; J. G.
McMillan. San Jose; George -J. -White, H. F.
Muller. Sacramento: George Alpers.
Making 54— J. H. Wicker. J. L. TJtschig Jr.,
L. Thlerb&eh, J. Zahn, H. T. Schumacher, New
York; Rudolph Scherp, San Jose; E. Woenne,
A. G. Stroh, J. B. Cavanaugh, A. H: Letcher,
San Jo«e: J. W. Goetze..
Making 57 points — O. H. Westcott, Los Ange
les: L. Lacroix. L. N. Ness: H. Thode, A. F.
Lllkenday, E. D. Payne, Cincinnati; W. A.'
Frick, Los Angeles; H. Enge, Herman Huber,
George H. Bahrs, T. A'. Atchison, P. A. Becker,
George Dahlbender, W. H. French, Colorado;
George Tammeyer, G. F. Cavalli.
Making 56 points— L. C. Bablri, T. J. Malna,
Chicago; L. Schmidt, R. Meyerhofer, Captain
Ludwlg Slebe, F. Ruhstaller, Sacramento; F.
S. Speth. Cincinnati; J. Hauerwaas, Los Ange
les: A. Utschlg, H. Pflrmann, Los Angeles; J.
A. Rickerd, Denver; J. G. Dillon, Pensylvania;
W. Woenne. , • .....
Malting 55 points— A. Huguenln, John Eng
isch, T. R. Geisel, Springfield, Mass.; Frank
Carroll, T. Medici, San Jose;;F. N. Scofleld,
San Diego: W. E. Maxey, San Jose; Herman
Streoker, Stockton: L. J. Reubold, George W.
Hoadley. C M. Henderson, Kaufman Werthei
mer. E. Bridge, Massachusetts.
Making 58 points— D. Salfleld, D. J. F." Twist,
J. Lehmann, Captain John Thode, John Brug
ger Julius Rlechers, San Jose; J. F. Peck, A.
Monotti, J. Scheible, F. Washburn, Dr. F.
Cranz, George Krueckel, M. Gindele, Cincin
nati; M. Bedell. Pennsylvania; H. H. Christen
sen. F. O. Young.
C. A. Leighton, Los Angeles: W. Glindemann,
D. B. Faktor, C. Peach, A. Marquis, Los An
geles; F. Mathie, Wisconsin; Frank Fay, Fred
Brandt, W. Hasenzahl, Cincinnati; A. .Breuss;
F. C. Ross, New York; Edward H. Goetze, A.
G«hret. ¦ .
The following have scores of 59 each:
F. Baumgartner, O. M. Barnes, Colorado:
George Keffel, San Jose; S. Bninottl, E. D.
Neff. LOs Angeles; R. G. Wight, San Jose; W.
Dressier, J. Kullmann, G. Tiedemann, J. Stru
ven, E. Berg, Iowa; Ernst Bergmann, New
Tofk; C. M. Daiss, A. Studer, D. Russo, G. F.
Kommer, N. Ahrens, M. Hatklns, E. L. Rle
menschneider. . *
Joe Fetz Jr., James Busfleld, Massachusetts;
A. Lamaire. W. C. Morken, A. Hampel, John
Young, A. B. Dorrell, Oakland; O. A. Bremer,
Henry Huppert. Alfred Gfeller. St. Louis, Mo. ;
J. Dornbier, Dr. H. W. Hunsaker, R. Gute,
New York. *
The following had GO each:
The following have 61 points each:
Louls Haake, San Francisco, 64; F. H. Bush
nell, San Francisco, 64; Louis Brehm, Pitts
burg, 64; D. W. McLaughlln, San Francisco,
64; B. Jonas, San Francisco, 64: G. L. Vought,
Denver, 64; Jacob- Gruehler, Sacramento, 64;
L. P. Hansen, Jersey City, 64; F. D. Smith,
San Francisco, 64; C. Thierbach, San Francisco,
64; A. Mocker, San Francisco, 63; W. C. Zink
and, San Francisco, 63; Louis Bendel, San
Francisco, 63; M. C. Ramsey, Colorado. 63; H.
M. Pope, Massachusetts, 63; F. W. Belknap,
Los Angeles, 63; L. Barrens, San Francisco, 63;
F. P. Schuster, San Francisco, 63; F. H. Bangs,
San Jose, 63; Smith Carr, San Francisco, 63;
J. H. Dean, Colorado, 63; J. F. Bridges, Oak
land, 62; J. Woebcke, San Francisco, 62; J. E.
Gorman, San Francisco, 62; John Utschlg, San
Francisco, 62; A. L. Ott, San Francisco. 62;
J. Meyer, Sacramento, 62; Captain Fred Kuhnle,
Petaluma. 62; F. E. Croce. San Francisco. 62;
E. H. Ladd, San Francisco. 62: M. Reubold,
San Francisco, 62; J. Singer, Los Angeles, 62;
W. Hayes, New York, 62; A. Strecker, San
Francisco, 62; J. Jones, San Francisco, 62.
F. Gehret. score 275. $200: F. E. Mason, 315,
<125: Dr. M. E. Taber. Los Aneeles. 323, S100;
P. R: Schumacher. New York. 332, $75; J. Bau
mann, Sacramento. 335. $65; F. C Ross. New
York. 440, $55; W. C. Zlnkand. 453. $45; L. Reu
bold . 495. $40: R.- Stettin. , 495. , $30; A. - Brehn.
497, $25: Sylvaln Trounstlne/ Cincinnati. 507, $25-
J. F. Bridges, 517. $20; C. Lelghton. Los An
geles, 538, $20; J. Medici. /San Jose, 660, $15.
I Each of the following received 515:'
¦¦ J/ Bachmann, Edward H. I Goetze, G. Hisch
muller, J. Young, A. B. Dorrell, J. Leemann,
Otto Bremer, F. Hensel and L. H. Frosts
The following, received $10 each:
¦¦R. Gute. New ''York: Dr. F. H. Bangs, San
Jose; D. Rusub, A. Haynke; Sacramento: A.
Bertelsen, J. M. Hartmann, B. Kestner. Penn
sylvania; W. Morcken, J. L. Utschlg, F.
Kuhnle, Petaluma; A. Ackerman. Sacramento;
H. Thode, A. ¦¦ Streeker. E. H. Payne, Cincin
nati ; Luclen , Lacroix. .
The following received $5 each: V
<;¦ A. ; Stpder, . J. Tiedemahn, Fred Brandt, . Coi-
Winners on Target Gennania.
¦ First prize, Adolph Strecker, S94, king medal
and $50; L. P. Ittel, Alleghany, Pa. 392 $50-
F. C. Ross. New York, 375 $40; F. -E. Mason'
San Francisco. 371. $30: A. H. Pape. 368-" $25*
F. W. Belknap. LO3 Angeles, 360, < $20; F P
Schuster. 357, $15; Kmil Berg, ¦ fia venport la'
356. $12; John TJtschig. 355. $10: M. Gindele Ciii-'
cinnatl, 352,- $S; A: Gehret. 352. $7; A. Mocker
350, $6; E. F. Richter, Milwaukee. 343 $5; T
R. Gelsel. Springfield, Mass.. 342. $5: J." Grueh
ler, Sacramento. 341, $4; D. XV! McLAujrhlln
329, $4; H. M. Pone. Haverhill. Mass., 339 $3 :
T. N. Scofleld. San Diego. 337. $3;- W H
French, Leadville, Colo.. 337, $2; M. C. Ram
sey, Colorado, S33, $2. Z — - ¦ /.
High Men on Ring Target.
T. R. Gelsel. Massachusetts. 49 $150- H
Pape. 49. $100; A. Strecker. 49. *80; E>. W ' Me-
Laughlin. 48. $70; F. P. Schuster, 48 $60- D B
Faktor, 48, $50; Dr. L. O. Rodgers," 48, $40; L'.
Bendel. 48, $35; F. W. Belknap, Los Angeles
48, $30; E. Berg, Iowa. 48. $25; C. J. Banes,
Colorado, 47. $20; H. M. Pope, Massachusetts,
47,' $15; Joseph Singer, Los Angeles, 47, $15;
L. P. Ittel, ' Pennsylvania. 47, $15; A. Gehret'
47, $15; A. B. Dorrell, Oakland, 47, $15- f'
Mathie. Wisconsin, 47, $10; W.- W. Yeager
Colorado, 46. $10; L. P. Hansen, New York 48*
$10; John Utschlg, 46. $10; W. Hayes. New York
4«, $10; C. Thierbach. 46. $5:. C. A. Schafer'
Colorado, 46, $5; F. Kuhnle. Petaluma 46 $5-
W. Hasenzahl. Cincinnati, 46.'$5; F. N. Scofleld'
San Diego. 46. $5; F. E. Mason. 46. $5; M. c!
Ramsey, Colorado, 46, $5; L. N. RItzau 46
$5; A. Mocker, 45, $5.
The following received . $3 each* on 45
points: !
J. Hauerwaas, LosAngeles; F. C. Ross New
.York; F Speth, ¦ W. H. French, Colorado; C.
A. Leighton, Los Angeles; H. Enge.E. Maxey,
San Jose; J. Gruehler. Sacramento; X. Brehm
M. Grlndele, Cincinnati. '
The following received $2 each on scores
of from 44 to 40:
E. D. Payne. Cincinnati ; O. Bremer. T J.
Malana, Chicago; E. Schmidt. Sacramento: o!
M. Barnes. Colorado; F. H. Bushnell, O" Man
nell, Kaufman Wertheimer, E. H. Ladd A
Barnes, A. Breuss. G. Keffel, San Jose* f' h'
Bangs. W. Doell. L. Haake. Alfred Gfeller' St'
Louis; "E. H. Goetze, R. Gute, New York; j!
W. Goetze, L. Vogel, New York. • . i
American Standard Target Scores,
F. Kuhnle of Petaluma, J. Singer of Los An
geles.
The following received $3 each:
Making 69 points— J. Fetz Jr., M. E. Taber,
Los Angeles, L. P. Hansen, New Jersey: A.
Jungblut. .
Making 68 points— F. A. Kuhls D. "W Mc-
Laughlin, J. D. Heise, J. Gruehler,. Sacra
mento; It, Bendel, F. Attlnper. F. N Scofleld
San Diego; J. Malana, Chicago; M. C. Ram
sey, Colorado: E. F. Richter, Chicago; H A
Mohr, E. D. Payne. Cincinnati; H. J. Wicker,
S. F. Trounstlne, Cincinnati; Ed Suter H
Pflrman.
The following received $2 each:
Making 67— E. Maxey, San Jose; A. Marquis
Los Angeles. T. Speth, C. Meyer, W A Frick
E. D. Ladd, F. Beck. Nevada; H. L Soehl
mann, L. Haake, A. Gfellcr. G Qulttttieyer
Making 66— L. Barrere, D. Russo C. M Hen
derson, L. Brehm, Pennsylvania; W. Ehrenn
fcrt, G. Rlschmiller, K. Wertheimer H. Huber
E. H. Gpetze.
Making 65— O. M. Barnes, Colorado; E F
Richer, Milwaukee: A. Hintermann. h'.
St reciter. G. Mannell, A. M. Barker. San Jose;
Dr. F. H. Bangs, San Jose; George Keffel, San
Jose.
Making 64— H. Studer, G. Ossi, Joseph Straub
P. J. Carroll, H. Enge. ¦ • '
Making 63— A. Breuss, William Doell C A
<Sehaefer. E. D. NeST. Los Angeles; S.'Troun
stlne, Ohio; J. Young, F. Ruhstaller Sacra
mento. ¦ ¦ ,
WITH DISTRIBUTION OF PHIZES AND COBOMITION OF STRECKER THE UTIOIM SHOOTING FESTIVAL ENDS
* Continued From Page One.
. Local Branch No. 74 of ¦ the Interna
tional Tobacco Workers' Union has de
cided to fine each member of the 'union
found purchasing goods not bearing the
union label when such can be procured $2
for each offense. Two members w«re ini
tiated, and it -was decided to. affiliate with
thfc Sar. Francisco Labor Council. A dele
gate will be selected to represent the
union, which was organized about a
month ago.
Tobacco Workers to Affiliate.
close student of street railway affairs, the
general manager has not been able to
make friends. It has been easier for him
to rub the public the wrong way than to
stroke its back the way the hair lies.
Whenever his dealings have been with
men and not with facts and figures of
railway operation embarrassing compli
cations have arisen — -whether those con
cerned were dissatisfied employes, individ
uals asWng for just reparation for dam
ages Inflicted or public servants seeking
proper adjustment of the street railway's
relations as a common carrier. It has al
ways been the same story. Vining has
lacked* the address, the suavity, the di
plomacy to carry that side of his official
duty to successful issue.
The directorate has felt this deficiency
In the general manager most seriously
when Vining has had occasion to deal
¦with the Assessor and the Supervisors
if oDffABD P. VINING, general
__^ manager of the Market-street
**^ railway system, is to be retired.
\ lt *4 The scramble for younger men of
a high grade of ability to 'take
the positions of trust and responsibility
with the great railway systems of the
country has had its influence upon the
directorate of the local corporation and a
successor for Vining is being sought.
The date of the proposed retirement Is
still an open question, but that Vining
must go has been settled. -¦ In fact, it is
known that at least two men have been
approached with offers from the Market
street people. The choice of a new gen
eral manager Is the only thing that delays
the public announcement of the "resglna
tion" of the man who for so many years
has had the active management of the
affairs of the local street railway monop
oly.
Railroad men ¦who are in close touch
with " the directors and principal stock
holders of the Market-street Railway
Company have known that for a long
time there has been much dissatisfaction
with Vining and his management. This is
shared by both the directors and the
stockholders.
VIning's personal unpopularity has had
most to do with his undoing. While a
H. E. Huntingdon has ' lately placed
Epea Randolph In charge of his Los An
geles street railway interests, and .the
next important bit of shaking _up will
probably be the retirement of Vining.
"When Huntington and his associates have
found the man who tills the bill for the
San Francisco position as well as the for
mer division superintendent from Tucson
does for the Los Angeles management the
ax will fall and Vining will be sent to jo'n
the rapidly increasing colony of railway
veterans ¦whose services are no longer de-
Sired in the offices.
his recent appearance before the Super
visors sitting as a Board of Equalization
to show cause why the arbitrary assess-,
ment of $2000 on his own personal prop
erty should not be Increased. He made a
plea of poverty, saying that, he possessed
no personal property but the furniture of
his house, which would be ¦well sold if it
brought $1000 under the auctioneer's ham
mer: $9 OS in the bank and $18 45 In cash
in his purse. Vining swore to his pov
erty-stricken condition with so dejected
an air that no additional burden of taxes
was placed upon him,- and the jocular re
marks made about him by the Super
visors after his departure would not have
increased the street railway directorate's
confidence In the man to whom their
great interests were Intrusted. It was an
other illustration of his lack of the per
sonal qualities that put one easily and
naturally on a proper footing with those
whose good will is desired. •
Judge, Conlan.
George Pierce, an employe of George
Swltzer, a horse dealer, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
cruelty to animals. He was arrested by
Officer McCurrle of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The
case was dismissed.
The evidence showed that Switzer and
McCurrie were not good friends, and the
other day, when a lame horse was shipped
from Stockton to Switzer, Pierce was sent
to the wharf to get the animal. Neither
Switzer nor Pierce knew anything about
the horse being lame. McCurrie arrested
Pierce and charged him with cruelty to
animals and gave out that Switzer was
arrested instead of Pierce. Judge Conlan,
in dismissing the case, criticized McCur
rie for his haste in making th« arrest and
exonerated both Pierce and Switzer from
all blame.
McCurrie had also given out a statement
that Switzer was in the habit of buying
and selling sick horses to be killed and
fed to chickens, which Switzer denied ab
solutely. ¦ .
McCurrie's Conduct in Arresting
George Pierce Criticized by '
CHABGE OF CRUELTY TO
ANIMA1S NOT SUSTAINED
sitting as a Board of Equalization. His
lack of address, of self-command and oi
mastery of the situation has invariablj
been painfully evident, and the men be
fore whom he has appeared have not beer
Impressed with either his presentation oi
facts or his personal sagacity.
In fact, Vinlng's most successful plef
in the matter of assessments was that ol
Faculty for Making Friends Will Be Chosen for the Responsible Position
Present General Manager of the System Will Be Sent to Join the Ranks
f of Retired Railroad Veterans and a Mian of Diplomacy and Witlva
"While East I visited the Pan-American
Exposition and discovered nothing Call
fornian there. This State is practically
unrepresented. The only sight that re
minded me of home was the presence of a
theatrical man. who was broke. It was
extremely warm and I suffered greatly
from the heat.
"I engag-ed a number of people for the
Alcazar and Central theaters. M. I* Al
pop, who for many years was with
Gillette and who played all Gillette's parts
in Europe, wlU soon be here as leading
man at the Alcazar. Miss Alberta Con
verse, a clever and versatile actress, -will
play leads at the same theater. She has
been starring and Is extremely popular
with play-goers. I also engaged a half
dozen minor people. I secured several of
Frohman'G successes for the Alcazar and
a dozen nn.«4moiodrama3 for the Central.
"I have seen Mr. Erlanger and Mr.
Hayir.an, who are said to compose the
theatrical trust, and found them very
friendly towar-llstock companies.
"Ernest Hastings is doing well and -will
be at the Alcazar next xear. ,'Floradora.
is the reigning success oi the East. It is
being managed by John Fisher of San
Diego and will continue another season in
the metropolis: The opera will be pro
duced In this city within the next year.
All of William A. Brady's successes will
be produced at our playhouses. Dave Be
lasco's latest play, 'Th© Auctioneer, in
which David Worfleld of this city Is star
ring, is a big success.
"Our plan to have a chain of theaters
on this coast is meeting with the greatest
success, and within the year we wili be in
a position to give the play-goers excellent
productions of the latest plays now be
fore the public."
* Mark Thall, the well-known theatrical
manner, returned from the East yester
day and received a joyoiir welcome from
his friends. His trip was taken in the in
terest of the Central and Alcazar thea
ters. Ho has engaged new talent and se
cured new plays. In speaking of his trip
Thai! said: .
Well Known Manager
Returns Home With
Good Tidings.
•— — — ¦
Discusses Latest Eastern Pro-"
ductions and Other
Topics.
THALL SECURES
MANY NEW PLAYS
MARKET-STREET RAILWAY DIRECTORS
LOOKING FOR A SUCCESSOR TO VINING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 24, 1901.
GENERAL MANAGER WHOM MAR
KET-STREET RAILWAY DIREC
TORS WILL RETIRE.
7
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). JULY 2«
Parquet, any seat. 23c; balcony. 10c; children.
Me. any part except reserved.
LATEST NOVELTIES IN VAUDEVILLE.
STANTOSr AND iffODENA; AMETA;
WILL H. MTJBPHY & BLANCHE
"' NTCHOIiliS; 3 BBOOKL"5TNS; ETJ
F. BEYNABD; CHEVALIER EH-
RICO MARIO SCOGNAMILLOj
DAMM BROTHERS; CHATtLEg
LEONARD FLETCHER, and the
BIOGRAPH.
NXW ADVERTISEMENTS.
S STRICTLY RELIABLE.
-M E N
ONLY!
|>Y-PAR THB
D greater number of
patients seeking relief
. for so-called weakness
1 are strong, robust men in
' every other respect. Our
. theory that Loss of Vital-
ity Prematureness, etc,
s, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes In the Prostate . Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation, is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged and
swollen Prostate, immediate results, as Indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of
the organs, which we send free on application.
Is interesting to any one wishing to study th«
anatomy of the male.
DR. lALCOtt & CO., 997 Market St.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexica'n remedy; gives health and
Ktrength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEXT MONDAY EVENING/
• WELCOME RETURN. . -
MRi JA/VHiS \. AND THE
I W WmmJ M Mam* Em*4 COMPANY.
Presenting the Comic Society Problem Play,
The Case of Rebellions Susan
"' - : By Henry Arthur Jones. u .•
CpCflAT BARGAIN MATINB^S Every
jrEWlAL, Thu'«day, 25c ni OOc reserved
¦ Regular ' subscribers are kindly requested to
notify . the box Office . to-morrow (Thursday)
if they desire their names booked for seats.
EVE ..25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1
. SAT. MAT 25c. 50c, 75o
, SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
CHUTES ANOZ00
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE. THE MAID OF THE AIR.
' 'TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE A MA TEURS
And a LADIES' HIGH-KICKING CONTEST.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
15 SUTRO BATHS.
. OREIN NIGHTS.
. .OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m* to 11 p. m. • J
... Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathlnr. including admission, 25c. Children, 2Cc
*TI¥PL1*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at L '
THIS WEEK BT PUBLIC DEMAND.
The Toy Maker.
TOT SOUVENIR MATINEE SATORDAT.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c.
Grand Opera Season
MONDAY - - - July 29.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
First Week— "AIDA" and "RIGOLETTO."
* Telephone Bush. 9.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
Steele Mackaye's Greatest Play,
"PAUL KAIIVAR,"
A high-class Imperial photograph of E. J.
Morgan will be given each lady present Friday
evening.
Prices— 10c. 13c, 23c, 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "THE SENATOR."
BEJLASCOA» 0 THAlCS* t .j k T$&
¦ ™ ms&arriuu
TO-NIGHT— EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Gorgeous Revival of the Famous Flay.
TRILBY
An All-Star Cast of Popular Favorites.
JAMES M. BROPHY as Svengall.
Reappearance of Miss Juliet Crosby and Rob-
ert Cummlngs. First appearance at this theater
of Edwin T. Emery.
PDirES Evenings 10c. 13c, 23c. 33c. 50c
I iUWLJ> Matinees 10c, 15c. 23c
Next Week— "THB ENSIGN."
bULURraiBIA leading theatre
. EVERT NIOHT— INCLUDING SUNDAY
Matinee Saturday.
IVATfiUO Big New Tork .Production!
ANvlllEfi crowd Attracting Magnet!
The Distinguished Irish Comedian.
MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE,"
In the New Irish Comedy.
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
v . Hear OLCOTT S NEW SONGS. - ¦ .; : ,.
Shhatre ?a>
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In a Notable Revival of Augustin Daly's
Comedy,
THE COUNTRY
PTPT
Only Matinee Saturday. - Seats on Sale Str
Days in Advance.
Next-'THE ADVENTURES OF NELL
GWYNNE." '
FISCHER'S SSSSi? IT
Matinee Sunday. Charity Martin. Pletro
Buzzl. Murray and Appel. Mabel Ruthorford.
mezzo-soprano-. Karl and Bayle. the Graville
and Grahams. Babe Rath. James T. Marky.
Admission, 10c: reserved seats, 25c. Telephone
Main 231. TUESDAY. July 30— Benefit AU-
GUST HINR1CHS.
PALACE
These hotels possess
AND tne attributes that tour-
x **" # lsts and travelers ap-
fD A Ml\ predate— central loca-
btvATlli tlon. liberal manage-
HnT r; T « merit, modern appolnt-
illlillL.). ments and perfect cui-
sine.
San American and Euro-
*^ . pean plans.
Prancisco.
fl 1 rr nnilll Corner Fourth and
CAFE .ROYALss^a^-flK
wtll ta tlUIIlfc-jc, orercoats and
rallses checked free.
%
W. T. HBSS.
K0TART KTBLIO AKD ATTOKKET-AT-LiW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckeli Bldg.
_ Telephone Brown S21. \
Restflenc*. 821 California et.. below Powell.
Can Francisco. _^
KEARICT AKD WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
y CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day;
*5 to f8 week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths: hot
anil cola water every room ; fire crates in every
room: elevator run* *H nigrfct. <
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
• BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DDTTCU17C fob barbers, bak-
OflLl «*™. bootblacks, bath-
**¦**'**"*'*'• "^ bouse*, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*,
dyers, fiourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hang:er«. printers, painters, shoe factories,
et&bletnen. tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gfe :::: zlzzzz si. t*t. c±t?-±, z.r.cn. ,
hf The Largest Acatomical Museum ia the
—£$&*,. V.«ld. Weakncstet or any contracted ,
VIS •¦!**** PO«i I S »'r I , «¦« rr d by thr Oldtst
I JgM| Jspeeialzst on the Co««. EsL36yurt. I
f fl^Sf 0 Dp - J2FDAH-DISEASES CF MEN ,
i Ft54jAC ConsuUation free »nd strictly prlvite.
I I OTjj Treatment personally or by letter. A 1
r g y r» H tout! Curtm e-rerj- case undertaken. '
i F '( lift u 'rite for Book. PaiLOIiUPny.r,
" H II 1 * KABBIACK. MAILED FREE. ( A I
1 y, nluable book for mm)
* I»K JOUDA5&CO.. 1051 -Vr.rkPtSL.S. F. I
'^SS£8K?r WEAK
¦^^^^mi MEN and
WOMEN
W^-^i^^^i^*- C8n obtain renewed
. strength and vigor
* •*¦ ¦ »-'l?s2^S5-v *-~i S ky the use cf "Or
.> /J^«jr2T?V"i\> Pierce' a (latest im-
€/* rt»Ki *\ _N Proved) Et.EC-
™" " TRIC BELT" and
appliances. Drue*
Ao not cure. Electricity la the remedy ¦
Buy n© Belt until you see "Dr Pierce" s "'
lor It Is the BEST and the lowest In pri^e
CT'Call «t oMce or e*nd a J-cent eUidd
lor new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. SO« Port rt., San Fran-
deco. New York office— 11« Broadway.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasite germs.
The Importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg. Germany, cannot be overesti-
mated. It explains why ordinary hair
preparations. <?ven of the most expensive
character, fall to cure dandruff— because
they do not an 3 they cannot kill the dan-
druff germ. The only hair preparation in
the world that positively destroys the
dandrufT parasites that burrow up the
scalp into scales, called scurf or dan-
druff. Is Newbro's Herplcide. In addition
to its destroying the dandruff grerm Herp-
lcide i« also a delightful hair dressing,
makinr the ha'r glossy and soft as silk.
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
Send for a £ree sample of Mellin's Food and onr book, " Mellin's Pood Babies.** Tba
, sample contains sufficient Mellin's Food to give your baby several meals.
The book will show you what Mellin's Food has doss for other children.
MELLIN'S IfOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS-
MelHn's Food and fresh milk is, phys-
iologically, a proper infants' food;
it contains the correct amount of
necessary Inutritive elements, and
combines them in the right propor-
tion, and does not introduce insoluble,
indigestible and non-nutritious con-
stituents. Mellin's Food is a food
* # - . ¦
that feeds.
FOOD
MELLIN'S
lfe?V^t,f Solid oak .
M ! %^%llj bookcase,
Si . \ ¦! 26 inches
Hi'ii^uM wide, 56
D 5 liigli, hay
||i©^8i adjustable
Only $7.50.
* Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment. ¦
Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six, ex-
cept on Saturday.
I. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
' Opposite Union Square.
fliun SI
|j . * This Great Train if
m Ann m
I *"U ru ns but twica |
M par week during 3
lira? >— I
¦ tuc • Leaving at 9 am, f
I HE It arrives in 1
I Cfillf QBN1A -uri
B ¦¦¦BITffV ¦ B
1 Lillll I E.U its hlflil standard §
B «f service is B
1 ON fuiiy maintained. I
I Bill -K j
AP'P'PH-TTft'rc'fr 1 h:im'it4-WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm at 88s 9d,
usual options, though ' there is little doing on
the spot. • The chartered wheat fleet In port
has. a "registered tonnage of 37,220. against 31.
827 tons on the same date last year;. disengaged,
4325 tons, against 12,660; on- the way to this
port. 191,800 tons, against 181,560.
WHEAT— The foreign markets ruled firm and
futures at Paris and Liverpool ! were both
higher. ,
Chicago dropped from 72%c to 70%c on ac
count of scattering light showers in Iowa, Kan
sas and Nebraska, ' and there was a rush to
realize. Trading was Immense. The feeling
was nervous and unsettled. There was a gen
eral unloading of the coarse grains, and Wheat
sympathized. A crop expert in the Northwest
wired • from Aberdeen that from . that place to
Ortonville the damage to the crop from the hot
weather was 40 per .cent, and that the de
structive • hot winds 'still continued. Private
cables confirmed serious damage in France and
Russia, where . the : output will be below ex
pectations. Receipts at Kansas City and St.
Louis were 244,000 -bushels, against 418,000 last
year: New. Orleans bid the equivalent of . 71c
at St. Louis for Wheat in Southern Illinois.
There . was . good buying at the break in Chi
cago.
This market fell back on call in sympathy
with ' Chicago, >but- the shipping market showed
no change. . : .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, . 98%c@$l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.- • ¦••••.
CALL BOARD SALES. ¦ —
; Informal Session— 9:15 i o'clock— December-^
14,000 ctls, $103%; 8000, $103%. ,.
. Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 03%. !
Regular Morning • ¦ Session— December— 2000
ctls, $1 02%; 32,000. $1 02%:
Afternoon Sccsion — December— 8000 ¦ ctls.
$1 02%. . ¦ .-. v , •.,
¦ BARLEY— Wheat jroes up and down and Oat*
and Corn are excited and strong almost every
where, but this market shows no movement
one way or the- other, and quotations have not
changed for days. Buslnesn In this city is light.
Feed, 73%c for choice bright, 71U@72%c for
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 S9%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York. Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — -68%
Mexlcal Dollars, nominal ' 47 © 47%
Exchangc and Bullion.
BOSTON, July 23.— The Boston wool trade is
outside of speculative hands at the present
time, and, while the : principal' demand comes
from manufacturers who ' are in : need of raw
material to fill standing contracts, the market
shows a firmer tone.- The goods trade has im
proved and the result is that sales of. . wool
here are Increasing. . Manufacturers in most
cases are forced to pay more money for sup
plies, as was the case a week ago. The West
shows .strength , all along the . line and
the new clip in many sections is quite well
cleared up. Mill men who have not been in
the market -for some time for supplies are
surprised . at the cost • of wool . compared with
thetr. last purchases. Several months ago the
manufacturer could nearly name his price and
he would get the wool, as the seller did not
dare to let him get away. Now he will pay
the price asked or will not get supplied, there
being, no soft spots to depress the market, and
If he attempts to, buy out West, . the wools
cost more than is asked at the seaport. Quo
tations: . . ¦ ¦¦¦•..¦»••
Territory scoured basis— Montana, fine, ¦ 14@
15c; -scoured, 44@46c: fine medium, .14@luc;
scoured, 42@43c; staple, 15@16c; scoured, 46®
49c; .Utah, 'Wyoming and Idaho, fine, 13@14c;
ccoured, 44©45c. • v ¦ • ¦ . '
Oregon woolp— Eastern choice greasy, . 13%@
14c; average, 12@13c; staple. 14@15c; scoured,
fine medium and fine. 40®>43c: valley. 16@lSc;
scoured, 85@38c; scoured staple; 45@46c.
: Australian scoured basis— Spot s priojs ; comb-
Boston Wool Market.
NEW, YORK, July 23.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
from the last account: .
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase 450,000 bushels; afloat for and
in Europe. Increase 200,000 bushels. Total supply
increase, 6o6,0C0 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 792,000 bushelst
• Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 1,147,000 bushels. .
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— • * Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9% 6 11
Closing 5 9U 5 10tf
PARIS.
Wheat— July: Sept.-Dec.
Opening '....22 00 22 85
Closing :. 22 00 22 70
Openhir 27 60 28 70
Sng .::.:::.:::.. =? w . 2355
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. /
Shares . ¦ . - ¦ Closing
Sold. Stocks— . .-,,'. ' , Bid
83,600 Atchison ...» 73%'
15,800 Atehlson prefd 84U
600 Baltimore & Ohio ..95'
NEW YORK. July 23.— The subservience of
the stock speculation to the varying crop 'Con
ditions and to the dally weather map was again
strikingly demonstrated to-day. But the
activity of speculation In stocks was somewhat
curtailed as an outgrowth of the confused
sentiment engendered In the grain market by
the conflicting price movements growing out
of the technical conditions in the grain specu
lation. The uneasiness of the short interest in
stocks was easily perceptible by the forced
opening bulge In,, prices. There were indica
tions that a tactful move against the shorts
was being made and the London market was
used before the opening here to influence New
York by a much higher range of prices there.
London not only had reports of copious rains
in the corn belt, but of an imminent settle
ment of the steel strike. There was a conse
quent rush to buy on the part ,of the shorts
at the opening here, but the high prices melted
away within a few minutes under the eager
offerings to realize on the part of Interests
remaining long of the market. Apparently
there was much skepticism regarding the re
ports of rain, but when the grain . market
opened with a drop in corn almost equal to
yesterday's bulge, the belief in relief for the
crops was strengthened. The reassuring ex
pressions by the Secretary of Agriculture as
to the* present Flatus of the corn crop were
also an influence. The course of affairs subse
quent to the heavy damage to last year's
spring wheat crop in tTie Northwest vras cited
rs a precedent which gave hope of mainten
ance of earnings by railroads in the Southwest.
The publication of the plan for additional
issue of American Sugar Refining stock lifted
that specialty and helped the market. The
second rise carried eome stocks higher than
the opening. But the subsequent uncertainty
of the price movement reflected the hesitation
of the traders about repeating last week's
attempt to revive a bull movement, with , the
crop situation still a factor. The market was
allowed to He fallow during the midday period*
with the exception of a momentary upward
rush In the United States Steel stocks of nearly
2 points each on an unconfirmed rumor that
the strike wa6 about to be settled. The late
advance in prices to the top level of the day
teemed to be based on the general consider
ation that the damage to the crops had been
discounted and important liquidation had been
effected. leaving the way open for an advance
The character of some of the buying encourages
following from the professional contingent The
money market was easier in spite of gains by
the sub-treasury from the market and the
growing demand from the Interior for funds
AX the best prices, which were made in the
last hour. St. Paul was 6% above last night
Union Pacific. VA; Atchison, 4; Southern
Pacific and St. Louis Southwestern preferred
3V4. and Missouri Pacific, 3%. The last prices
showed only fractional concessions and the
closing was fairly steady. ¦ - ¦ /
Business in railroad bonds was fairly, active
and the price movement Irregular. Total sales
par value, $2,406,000. '
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. -«, «•: - <
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
San Jose— North wind, foggy this morning;
good weather for drying and ripening fruit.
Hollister — Clear weather; apricots drying
nicely; other fruits doing well. • *
Palermo — South wind; warm weather ripen
ing peaches.
Ventura— Walnuts, heavy crop; beans and
corn doing well.
Santa Maria— Windier, foggy mornings favor
able for beans; six threshers harvesting grain;
yield good except wheat.
Na pa— Southwest, clear; high fog in morning;
conditions unchanged.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Cash quotations were . as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66(JT69V4e; No. 2 red,
71»4@71Hc; No. 2 corn, 54%c; No. 2 yellow,
Si^c; No. 2 oats. 3S%ffT?9c: No. 2 white, 3914®
4O',ic; No. 3 white. 39%®40c: No. 2 rye, 5S'.4c;
fair to choice malting. 4S<ft50c: prime timothy
fr.nl, $3 25; mess pork, per bbl, $14 3T>@14 40;
lard, per 100 lbs, $8 67'4<i?S 70; short ribs sides
(loose), $7 S5(&'8; dry snlted shoulders (boxed).
7%<ff7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 35@S 45;
whisky, baxls of high wines, %1 27; clover, con
tract grale, $9 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 19.000 10,000
Wheat, bu 341.000 293,000
Corn, bu 224. WO 97,000
Oats, bu 171.000 164,000
Rye. bu S-OOO
Barley,, bu 17.003 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wns strong; creameries. 14%@20c; dai
ries. 13©17c. Cheese. 9Vi@10V4c . Eggs, steady;
fresh, 12@12%c.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 95 8 02V4 7 95 7 97V-i
October 7 97V4 8 O7V6 7 97<£ 8 00
January 7 85 7 90 7 77% 7 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 65 8 75 8 65 8 72'A
October 8 72'£ 8 77^ 8 72% 8 72>£
January ;... 8 62^ 8 70 8 GO 8 62Vi
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 69% 70H 69 69'4
September 72 72V6 70% 70%
December 74 74>£ 72H 72%
Corn No. 2—
July 55y 4 57% 52% 53T4
September 5D 59 54 55"^,
December 55'/i 5SU 55 55^i
Oats No. 2 —
July 36^4 37 35V6 35%
September 38 38 35 35 7 &
May 39V4 39^ 3S% 3SH
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 14 40 14 60 14 40 14 47%
January 14 95 15 07& 14 90" 14 90
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
CHICAGO, July 23.— In corn speculative inter
est centered as usual. Before the opening Kan
sas City reported scarcely more than a trace of
rain. Feeling, however, was at such a nervous
tension that it threw that portion of the long
Interest dealing on small margins into semi
panic at. the tap of the opening gong Septem
ber was for sale at from 59c to 55c, the latter
figure being 4%c under yesterday's close. This
slump uncovered stop-loss orders, which "pyra
mid builders" had put back of their purchases
and the decline did not stop until September
was quoted, at 54' / 4c It had taken but. a few
minutes in the runaway market to send the
price down and a recovery to 57%c followed
almost as quickly on the weather map, which
came out as dry aa heretofore, and promised no
relief. Liquidation, however, continued, as
there were not wanting reports claiming that
when the excitement was over it would- be
found that from one-third to one-half the crops
said to have been wiped out had been saved.
Even these optimists, however, were compelled
to admit that their hopes were based on im
mediate rains. September during the afternoon
declined to 55% c and closed weak, 4^c lower,
at 58^6'58%c.
¦ For the wheat decline there was more rea
son In a' statistical way than in corn. Cables
were disappointing, receipts heavy and a vastly
more favorable prospect from the spring wheat
country. For the Dakotas and Minnesota there
were indications of rain. Reports claimed dam
ages in some Instances running from 5 to 15
per cent, while one wire was to the effect that
the spring wheat crop might turn out to be a
"bumper." Aided to the influence of this kind
ef advice was the corn decline. September
opened %@l%c lower, at 72c to 71c, longs ex
citedly selling. The decline continued to 70%c;
where local support caused a sharp rally to 72c.
Later this support ceased and under continued
liquidation September worked down to 70V4c and
closed weak..2<§2Vsc under yesterday, at 70%c.
Oats were active and declined in sympathy
with corn. County buying, from which source
most of the recent support has come, was the
feature. There was, however, considerable local
support and after the opening decline prices re
acted. Later, however, the tone became easier.
September closed 2%c lower at 35%@35%c.
Provisions were dull, but fairly steady, con
sidering the declines in the grain markets. Sep
tember pork closed 10c lower, lard a shade
higher and ribs 2Hc down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 23—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60; Red Bluff, 100; Independence, 92;
Fresno. 10S; Los Angeles, 84; Sacramento, 88;
San Luis Obispo. 78; San Diego. 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 50; mean, 53.
Wedtticr Report.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday,
with fog in the morning; fresh westerly winds,
Nevada— Cloudy unsettled weather Wednes
day, probably thunderstorms In southern por
tion; fresh' southwest winds.
High northeast winds are reported at El
Paso. . -
Repor*s are missing from all the Northern
stations.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 24. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds on the coast with fog.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday, with
fog along the coast; fresh westerly winds.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the northern
half of the Pacific slope and has risen slowly
over the Valley of the Colorado. Unsettled
weather continues throughout Nevada, Utah
and Arizona, Thunderstorms are reported at
Independence and Modcna. Heavy showers
have occurred in Southern Utah and Northern
Arizona.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Foreign import* »t this port during the first
rlx ninths of the *rear were J20.036.750, against
;;4,1C5,COO during the eam« time last year, the
leruV.ng Items being as follows: From Japan,
tl.62G.440; China, $i.2«6,r>70; Central America.
:3.*73.!S7O; British Columbia, JL30S.450; East
ltid!«-£, H.S34.SC0; Great Britain. J94i.M0: Ger
many. $e59.4S0; France. $671,830; Australia,
J324.210; Mfxicc. JI22,K!0: South America, $354,
«0; Philippine Islands, J2«,315. •
Foreign Imports.
" "The eituatlon.' t;aid a broker tbday, 'Is
•jnufvtl. There appears to be no disposition
jn the trade here to take hold of future apri
cots at the present prices. U looks an though
the jarge buyers are waiting: to see how the
crop turns out, probably feeling sure that they
will be able to buy goods as they need them
nt even cr Jess money. The way things are
working on the Coast. It looks as though the
v.hole crop will be gathered In by speculators
beforo the trade wakes up to the fact.' "
"Touching on the fcituation In new crop
apricots, private mail advices from the Coast
eay: 'OespCte the almost absolute lack of buy
ins interest from the East, and the slow trade
lor export account, the position here is
unusually firm. "A great deal of speculative
buying irom growers has been done by packers
and other*;, and in some sections the crop is
j.'i-actlcaily out of first hards. There seems to
be ;:o disposition among holder*; to lower their
views materially, and it is hard to see how it
it poing to work out. The outlook favors a
much iarecr cure, for the reason that canners
liave not taken hold freely.'
"Trpdf en the spot is quiet In practically all
lir.es. lots soing out in almost every case being
for immediate requirements. Prunes continue
in very fair request, stocks in this market
becoming Hslit. Prices are firmer and on
rorje fizrs higher. Nineties are particularly
coatee ar.rt cannot r.ow be bought, it is believed,
r.t Ices than S'ic in 25-n> and 34c in .'O-Hj
bo&CS. Spot stocks of tiiis size are understood
to be virtually in the hards of a single holder,
viio Is. taut to be the largest holder of other
rizes r.s well. Pric33 have been advanced by
f.t'.r holder frnnj He to ',{.c on all efzes from
4O-."0f to 100-12Cs. except S0-90s. Raisins are
<S'jll. ' California. unbleached Sultanas are
uncharged en the fpot, the lightness of local
EUpr-'.ies preventing o.r.y decline owing to the
recent beatrj business In goods to come from
the Coart. Bleached are very scarce. Some
inquiry was noted for currants in round lots
tt slightly under holders' views, but no busi
ness of importance was reported. Apricots
wtre very quiet on sjtot, and no buying of
futures was heard cf. Evaporated apples were
steady but quiet. Future prime apples were
offered by cne holder at S'.jc and a bid of 8»»c
was reported turned down.
Mail reports from TCew York say
Primes and Apricots in New York.
Southern California— Hot dayp and cool,
fogpy nights during the week have been bene
ficial to l>eans and beets, but walnuts have
been slightly injured by the heat. Oranges
are in 'excellent condition and will probably
ylt-ld a h»avy crop. Walnuts will be nearly
up to the average. The bean crop will be far
bflow average in th* vicinity of Los Angeles.
Apricot*, peaches Bn j ether deciduous fruits
are very Ilsht. and tomatoes are below average.
firai'fs are In good condition. Harvesting and
thui-.hlr.^ are progressing. Grain and hay ar»
y!< idlnc v« ry light crops in most sections.
Kur^ka fii'mmary— Warm and dry weather
continue*, ripening (Train rapidly. Oat haying
is '.veil ndvancid. Vegetables and grain on
Mcr. land need rain badly.
Lou Hast leu Summary— Warm weather . It
riptnlriK fruit lapldly. yielding better than
rxpectfil in some places. Almond hulls show
ri/rns '¦[ craning. Corn and crop* on irrigated
l«r.d Ri» I'Kiklng well. Orange* are setting
lrrepulaily.
Sacramento Valley— The weather has con
tinued favorable for growing crops and for
harve.n-ng:. Wheat is yielding fully up to
expectations, and the quality is excellent.
Barley. . ats and rye will also yield good crops.
Grain fcarv<cet is nearly completed in some sec
tions. K^[* arc doing weil and give indications
et a large crop of good quality. Grapes, wal
nuts ar.ii citrus' fruits are in gocd condition
end a:e exacted to yield fully average crops.
Oiives kritl be light in some places. Theie is
Bume complaint of Io«s to shippers of perish
able oec duous fruit6 through delays in trans
portati. n. Fruit drying and canning are pro
gnxeing rapidly. Tokay srapes will be ready
lor : h:i rr.er.t in a few dfiys.
Kan J< aijcln Valley — Clear and warm
v.-eathrr. which was favorable for the ripening
ar.d l.ai-itt.ns of all crops, prevailed during
the Vfe k. The grain harvest is progressing
rapidly, and probably two-thirds of the crop
has be-on gathered. The yield and quality are
go;&. Very little grain is being shipped, most
of it be. Tig stored in the warehouses. Deciduous
fruits cr.-» rit>eriing rapidly, and in most sec
tions the crops are good and the quality excel
lent. Pears, plums and peaches are being
puilip»c! in large ijuantltleR, and canneries and
drytrs are in full operation. Heavy shipments
of green fruit are being made to Eastern
markets. Large quantities of melons are being
rhipred. A good crop of figs is reported from
the vlcir.ity of Cutler. Table grapes are being
marketed. The present indications are favor
able for a large grape crop. The almond crop
will be light. Water for irrigation continues
1'lentlful. and stock of all kinds are in good
condition. **
Coast and Bay Sections— Nearly normal tem
perature has prevailed during the week. In
most sections the weather has been favorable
for fruit and harvesting, but in Humboldt
County the continued dry weather and drying
winds have damaged root crops and grass.
Grain harvest is and in most
sections wheat and barley are yielding excel
lent crops. Hops, sugar beets and corn are
doing well, and good crops are predicted.
Apples are reported excellent in quality, but
the yield in some places will be below average.
Deciducus fruits in Lake County were seriously
damaged by the late spring frosts; it is
reported that in one 200 acre orchard of pears
and prunes there is not a pound of fruit.
Citrus {ruits end rraj>es are in good condition.
Th«.Te will be a large yield of pear^. in Alameda
County.
Fniit canning and drying are progressing,
and large quantities of fresh fruit are being
shipped East. Deciduous fruits are generally
of good quality, but the yield is below average
In nearly all sections. Grapes are in good con
dition, with indications of at least an average
crop. Some varieties of table grapes are in
the market. Oranges continue thrifty, and an
unusually heavy crop !s predicted. Olives and
walnuts are doing well and will yield nearly
average crops.
Grain harvest continues, and thrashing Is
progressing. Wheat and barley are yielding
excellent cropa in nearly all sections except
Southern California, and in some places the
yield is reported considerably above average.
The greater part of the crop will be stored fn
»nr*houses, although some shipments are
beJne made. The grain is of excellent quality.
The second cutting of alfalfa Is yielding a fair
crop. Prospects continue good for large crops
cf eusar beets, corn, hops and beans in most
sections. Irrigation water is still plentiful, but
In some parts of Southern California the wells
«re said to be falling rapidly. Pasturage is
becoming scarce.
The temperature has continued nearly normal
throughout the State during the week, and
conditions have been generally favorable for
til crops. Fogs along the coast have been bene
ficial to beans and beets.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle. section
fllrector of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, Bays:
The Weather and Crops.
LONDON, July 23.— Consols, 92 9-16; silver,
27d; French rentes, lOCf 55c; cargoes on pas
sage, sellers at advance; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, July 23.— Wheat, firm; No.' 1
standard California, 6s®6s %d; wheat In Paris,
strong; flour In Paris, strong; French country
markets, firmer; weather in England, over-
CP.St.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., July 23.— Clearings, $276,
612; balances, $37,883. , ' . •
Tjcoma's "Business.
TACOMA. Wash., July 23.-Clearings, $199,5S4;
balances, $29,496.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 55®56c.
WASHINGTON. „
TACOMA. July 23.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; blue stem, 57c; club, 56c.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 23.-CATTLE-Receipts, 5023.
Best steady: others slow: closed lower. Good
to prime steers. $5 43@6 20; poor to medium.
$4 35@5 55; stockers and feeders. $2 40@4 25;
cows, $2 90® 4 65; heifers, • $2 50@4 90; canners',
$1 65®2 35; bulls, $2 50@4 50; calves, 00c lower,
$3 'Wo 75: Texas steers, $3@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18,000; tomorrow,
25.000; left over, 4438. Market steady to 5c
higher. Mixed and butchers', $5 75@6 10: good
to choice heavy, ?6 05®6 22%: rough heavy,
$5 6n@5 85; light, $5 S0@5 95; bulk of sales, $5 85
@5 95. . .
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000. Sheep, 10@15c
lower: Iambs, 10®15c higher for best. Good to
choice wethers, $3 80<go 40; fair ," to choice
mixed, ?3 35<5f3 SO; Western sheep, $3 30® 4;
yearlings, $4@4 50: native lambs, $3@5 60; West
ern lambs, $4 40@5 EO. '
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. July 23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3055. Market mostly 5@10c lower. Na
tives, $3 90@5 SO; cows and heifers, $1 25@'» 80;
bulls and stags, $2 25®4 80; stockers and feed
ers, $2 15®4 15; veals, ?2@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 14,400. Market generally 5c
higher. Light and light mixed. $5 6065)5 80; me
dium and heavy, $5 7506 10; pigs. $3 25@4 85:
bulk. *3 75®5 95.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6152. Steady to 10c lower.
Lambs, lower at steady prices; top, $4 90.
Eastern /livestock Market.
NEW YORK. 1 July 23.— COTTON— Futures
closed quiet, unchanged.
Ncxv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The local market for
pig tin was unsettled, with' the spot price
nominal. at 27.50c without buyers. August sold
at 26.25c, with, that price asked at the close
and 26c bid. Other deliveries closed as follows:
July, 26.S5c bid and 26.90c asked; September,
25.75c asked; 'October, 23.50c asked: November.
25.85c asked. The London tin market declined
£4 again-to-day, thus making a decline of £11
on spot within three days. This heavy break
was said to be -due to the collapse of the
attempt to squeeze the shorts. Spot closed in
London at £122. Futures declined £1 10s, clos
ing at £114. . ' • '
Copper ruled dull and nominal here with Lake
quoted at 17c and electrolytic and casting at
15%c. London closed 2s 6d lower at £68 Is 3d
for spot' and at £68 8s 9d for futures.
Lead ruled dull tare at 4%c, at' London un
changed at £12 Is 3d. ¦ • .'
Spelter was unchanged at home and abroad,
with spot closing here at 3.90c to 3.95c. London
closed at £16 15s. . . ;
Iron was slow of sale ; here with prices
nominally unchanged and quoted as follows:
Pig Iron warrants. $D 50 to $10; No. 1 foundry,
northern. $15@15 50; No. 2 foundry, northern,
$14<S$14 50; No. 1 foundry, southern, $14 7o@
15 25; No. 1 foundry, soft, $14 75@15 25.
The foreign markets ruled quiet with Glas
gow, quoted 53s 9d and Mlddlesboro 44s lOd.
Nexv York Metal Market.
1 . ; V..: „».-.*.• > ;
• NEW YORK, July 23.— Porter Broa. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears — Bart
letts, $2 15®2 95. Plums— Bradshaw, average
$1 75; Purple Duane, %\ 80@l 85; Abundance,
$1 55@1 80: Washington. $1 30©l 80: Japan, $1 55
@1 75; Columbia, average $2 15; Jefferson, $1 80
@2 20. Nectarines— White, average $1 95 single
crates. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 55@2 40; German,
$1 75@2.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Pears— Bart-
Ietts, $1 70®2 65 box. Nine cars fruit sold
to-day.
CHICAGO, July 23. — Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Peaches— Early-
Crawfords, 60c@$l 10 box; Fosters, 60c@$l 05.
Pears— Bartletts. $1 90®2 30 box, 90c@$l 15 half
box. . Plums — Diamonds, average $2 16 single
crate;. Satsuma. average $178: Kelsey Japans.
$1 90<g>2 05; Burbanks, $1 75@1 80; Purple
Duanes, average $1 75; Wlcksons. $1 75@2 20.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Peaches—
Crawfords, 70®S0c: Strawberry Cling, average
70c; Fosters. 70c® $1 20 box. Pears— Bartletts,
$1 90@2 05. Prunes— Tragedy, average $2 15 sin
gle crates; German, average $1 90. Plums —
Diamond; average $2 10: Wickson, $1 90®2, 10;
Dukes, average $2 10;. Yellow . Egg, average
$1 70; Purple Duane, average $1 75. Grapes —
Fontainebleau, $1 35®2 15. Twelve c.ars fruit
sold to-day.
BOSTON. Mass.. July 23.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, *2 55®2 90. average $2 75;
Clapp's Favorite, boxes, average $2 30. Peaches
—Early Crawfords, boxes, $1 30®2 05. average
$1 78; Deckers, boxes. 65c@$l 80, average $1 71:
Fosters, boxes. 65c<§$2, average $1 98. Plums—
Eurekas. single crates, $2 25@2 50. average $2 35;
Wicksona, single crates, $2 60®2 90, average
$2 61. • Eight cars sold to-day. Favorable
weather.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. July 23.— The Earl
Fruit' Company sold California fruit at auction
to-day at the following prices: Plums—Brad
shaw, single crates, average $2 30: Burbanks,
single crates, $1 65@1 95. average $170; Jeffer
sons. single crates. $1 S5@l 93, average $1 92:
Purple Duanes. single crates, $1 20@2 10. aver
age $1 89; Satsumas. single crates. $1 50@l 90.
average $1 67; Washlngtons, single crates, $1 50
®2 10, average \\ 97. German Prunes, single
crates. $2 15@2 25. average ?2 20. One car sold
to-day. Hot weather.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
¦ ' ' ' '
Business continues to suffer from the strike.
Xkv York Exchange lower. Silver higher. j
Wheat declines in sympathy with Chicago.
Barley quiet at unchanged prices.
Com and Oats lower and Chicago Rye dull.
Flay less depressed, but sHll weak. Bran- higher.
Pink Beans continue to rise under the shipping demand.
Potatoes less in demand for shipment. Onions firm.
Vegetables weak and in good supply.
Eggs lower. Butter and Cheese quoted firm.
Fruit trade all, tied up by the teamsters' strike. . .
Dried Fruit doing better in New York.
Provisions still firm, but affected by the strike.
All grades of -Wool, cleaning up well. •
Meat market as prrjiously quoted.
Grain Bags easy, but no lower.
Coal Oil firm at the advance. I •
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet. . '
NEW YORK, ' July . 23.— Bears' had their I turn
in the grain | market to-day. They hammered
down the price of wheat 2c and corn anywhere
Wheat in New York.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the . $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $169,054,536; gold, $97,401,013.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Money on call,
steady, at 2@3 per cent; last loan,. 2% per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 2%®5 per cent. Sterl-;
ing exchange Is firm, I with actual business : In
bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand ¦ and - at
$4 84%®4 85 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 86<g>
4 8S%: commercial bills, $4 84@4 84%. Bar sil
ver, 58%c; Mexican dollars, 46UC Government
bonds, steady; railroad bonds, irregular; State
bonds, irresular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. July 23.— Anaconda, 8%; Atchi
son, 73%: Atchison - preferred. . 95%; Cana
dian Pacific, 104%; Denver and Rio Grande,
41%; Denver and Rio Grande preferred,
92%; Northern Pacific preferred, 99; Southern
Pacific, 66%: Union Pacific, 100%: Union Paci
fic preferred. £9%. Bar silver, 27d per ounce:
money, 1%@2% per cent. - . ', .. . *
CLOSING
The markets were lower at the opening.
Americans opened hesitatingly, dealers being
alarmed by the crop report, but spurted on
news that rain had fallen in the corn belt.
Later they became stagnant, awaiting devel
opments from New York. The opening there
caused a reaction of 2 points, which was fol
lowed by feverish fluctuations and inactivity,
but the close was very near the top.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: ,,
London Market.
Adams Con 30 Leadvllle Con .... 05
Alice 43 Little Chief XI
Breece 1 43 Ontario 9 00
Brunswick Con.... 12 Ophlr 64
Comstock Tunnel.. 00 Phoenix 09
Con Cal & Va 1 !)0 Potosl 05
Dcadwood Terra... 55 Sierra Nevada 14
Horn Sliver 1 40 Small Hopes ' 60
Iron Silver bS Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3
Call loans 4®3 West End 95%
Time loans . . 4®4% Westingh Elec 67
Stocks — Bonds —
Atchison 73% Atchison 4s 101%
do prefd 94*, N E G & Coke 5s. 55'a
Am Sugar 143^ Mining shares— '
do prefd 128 Adventure 25
Am Telephone 160% Hingham Mln Co.. 21
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amalg Copper 112%
Boston Elevated. ,.185 Atlantic 36
Boston & Maine. ..133 Calumet St. Helca..77O
Dom Coal 37 Centennial 27>,4
do prefd 115 Franklin 17
U S Steel 40 Humboldt 25
do prefd &!4vi'Osce61a 92%
Fitchburg prefd .. 142%! Parrot 50%
Gen Electric .......254 JQulncy 171
Mex Cent 23V4 j Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E G & Coke.... 6 Tamarack 343
Old Colony 20S% Utah Mining 29-
Old Dominion 29 Wlnona 2%
Union Pacific 99% Wolverines 69%
do S F deb 5s 122%iSouth Railway 5s. .116
Chicago Term 4s... 93 |S Rope & T 6s 60 '
Colo South 4s 88%,Tex & Pac lsts 119
D & R G 4s 101%! do 2ds 99
Erie gen 4s 86V4' Union Pac 2ds ....103%
Ft W & D C lsts. 104' iWabash lsts US
Gen Elec 53 "00 I do 2ds 112
Iowa Cent lsts ...113% West Shore 4s 112V.
L & Nash unt 4s..lOlVi Wis Cent lsts 87%
M K & T 2ds 83 iVa Centuries 94
do 4s 97%'
MINING STOCKS.
CLOSING BONDS,
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 104S
regular 1O7',J N J Cent gen 5s... 129%
do coup 107% North Pac 3s ~2%
do 3s reg 1O8V4 do 4s 103%
do coup 100 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7»i
do new 4s reg. ..137% Norf & W con 4s. .102^
do coup 138% Or Nav lsts 107%
do old 4s reg 113 do 4s 102%
do old coup 113 Or S Line .6s 127%
do us reg 10794 do con 5s 116%
co coup 109 Reading gen 4s ... 93
Dlfit of Col 3.65s. .124 R G W lsts 101%
Atchison gen 4s...lO3%'St L & I M con 5s. 116%
do adj 4s 96% St L & S F gen 6s. 132
Can South 2ds 109%'bt Paul cons 173
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l0tS',tjSt P C & Pac lsts. 120
do 5s 120 do 5s 117
C & N W con 7s.. 137%" ' South Pac 4s 91%
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
803 Canadian Pacific : 102%
Canada Southern 66^
200 Chesapeake & Ohio 44%
. 2,500 Chicago & Alton 36%
100 Chicago & Alton prefd 75
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 32
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd. 68
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123
1,800 Chicago & Great Western 23^
Chicago & Great Western A prefd. 80%
Chicago & Great Western B prefd. 47%
Chicago & Northwestern 192
7,100 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 140%
800 Chicago Terminal & Trans 20>i
1,400 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 38%
200 C C C & St Louis 88%
800 Colorado Southern 13*
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
300 Delaware & Hudson 167%
200 Delaware Lackawanna & West.... 223
600 Denver & Rio Grande 40
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91%
23.500 Erie 36%
6,000 Erie 1st prefd 65%
700 Erie 2d prefd 49
1,900 Great Northern prefd 173»4
100 Hocking Valley 48%
200 Hocking Valley prefd 73%
4.100 Illinois Central 147H
300 Iowa Central 37
Iowa Central prefd 72
200 Lake Brie & Western 54
Lake Erie & Western prefd 117
6.009 Louisville & Nashville 102%
S.200 Manhattan L 118%
400 Metropolitan Street Railway 161%
300 Mexican Central 23%
100 Mexican National •••• 9
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 107%
23.800 Missouri Pacific 99%
1.400 Missouri Kansas & Texas 2«>»
2.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 54Vi
SOO New Jersey Central 157
5.200 New York Central 150
2,100 Norfolk & Western 46%
Norfolk & Western prefd 87%
4,100 Ontario & Western 32V4
800 Pennsylvania 143%
8.200 Reading 39H
4,900 Reading 1st prefd ;... '»U
3,000 Reading 2d prefd 50li
700 St Louis & San Francisco 41%
St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 76%
200 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 6S%
200 St Louis Southwestern 28
2,400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 60
60,500 St Paul ..» \f'» !
St Paul profd 184 !
89.300 Southern Pacific &W»
7,900 Southern Railway 29!4 .
3,200 Southern Railway prefd S3',i
4,900 Texas & Pacific 40%
Toledo St Louis & West ZO'i
100 Toledo St Louis & West prefd.... 33%
120,100 Union Pacific lOOVi
400 Union Pacific prefd SSVt
1.500 Wabash \ 20%
5,100 Wabash prefd 39
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28
1,200 Wisconsin Central 2U4
100 Wisconsin Central prefd 40V*
P C C & St LouIb 78
Express Companies —
Adams 170
American .; 190
United States S6
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
14/500 Amalgamated Copper 112%
2,600 American Car & Foundry 29%
200 American Car & Foundry prefd S3
600 American Linseed Oil 28»4
100 American Linseed Oil prefd 60%
2.600 American Smelting & Ref 54%
2.T0O American Smelting & Ref prefd 100%
1,600 American Tobacco •......'. 129
200 Anaconda Mining Co 44',i
11.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77%
2,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron :. 97W,
300 Consolidated Gas 214%
400 Continental Tobacco 64%
Continental Tobacco prefd 115 1
100 General Electric 250 J
100 Glucose Sugar 54 !
4C0 Hocklntr Coal 20V4
300 International Paper 20%
100 International Paper prefd 75
1,100 International Power 95
Laclede Gas 90
SOO National Biscuit 4Hi
National Lead 19%
400 National Salt 43
200 National Salt prefd 76
200 North American 99
Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Mail 37% !
7,300 People's Gas 113%
1.400 Pressed Steel Car 42%
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 84
Pullman Palace Car .202
1,200 Republic Steel 19%
300 Republic Steel prefd 73%
17,700 Sugar 143ft
3,200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 61
100 Union Bag & Paper Co 15
.; Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 70
800 United* States Leather 12V*
200 United States Leather prefd 77%
10Q United States Rubber 1S%
United States Rubber prefd 59%
59.000 United States Steel 40%
19.500 United States Steel prefd ".. 89
4,900 » Western Union .92 \
669,000 Shares sold.
DRIED FRUITS
Trade in dried fruits was quiet much of the
day with the market showing no specially new
features. Evaporated apples. State common
to good, 3Vi@5c; prime. 5'/4@5%c; choice, C@6V*c;
fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits were steady, but quiet.
PRUNES-2%@2%c. - . ,"
APRICOTS- Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark, 7^® 12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 11® 12c; unpeeled, 6® 10c.
from 3c to 5c - per bushel. The official map
showed very little rain In the Western grain
belt and predictions were for a continued, nol
period. But this the speculative . contingent
cared little for. Every man in the' grain
crowd and a good part of the speculative public
was loaded with grain, having bought on yes
terday's big -advance and dry weather talk.
Pit brokers did their ' best to find buyers but
could only sell at big concessions. One operator
offered corn all the way down from 62 ! ,4c- to
6S^4c before he could make a trade. It was a
speculative craze to sell and lasted until, the
orders gave out, when a breathing spell and a
slight rally occurred. " It was brief, however,
for. more .rain news In the afternoon brought
on another attack and a deluge of selling
orders, which weakened September corn here
to 58c. Wheat broke from 77»4c to 75%c, with
the decline in . corn 1 and under reports of
showers in the Northwest. -
NEW YORK. July 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
36,017 barrels; exports, 17,936 barrels; quiet,
but firmly held in spite of the wheat break.
Minnesota patents, $3 70@4 10; winter straights,
$3 25©3 50.
WHEAT- Receipts, 212,630 bushels; exports,
112,912 bushels. Spot, easier; No. 2 red, 78%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75?gC elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 78&c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened with great activity and a sharp de
cline on better crops news and with the sen-
Eational break in corn. They later rallied on
cables and covering, but again yielded to heavy
unloading and closed weak at 1V4@1%C net de
cline. July 76%@77Uc, closed 76%c: Septem
ber. 75%@77c. closed 76%c; October. 76%@76%c,
closed 76Hc; December, 77%<S>78 l-16c, closed
77%c; ',
' HOPS— Easy. .
: HIDES-Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
. SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c; refined, ¦ steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
6 ll-16c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, -Stt@12Hc Fu
tures closed about unchanged from yesterday.
Total sales were 24,250 bags, including: Au
gust. 4.75c; September, 4.80c; October, 4.90c;
December, 6@5.05c; January, 5.05c. <
BUTTER— Receipts, 15.200 packages; strong.
State dairy, 14@14%c; creamery, 15@194c; fac
tory. 13@15Hc; imitation creamery, 14® 17c.
EGGS — Receipts. 10,500 packages: firm. West
ern candled. 14@15c; do uncandled, 8<gl2e.
LONDON, July 23.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 12,054 bales were offered, consisting of a
good selection of New South Wales, which was
spiritedly competed for. Merinos sold . freely.
Crossbreds were in good demand by the home
trade, some being taken by American buyers.
Lambs were in improved demand.
London Wool Sales.
ing superfine, 71@72c; good, 68®70c; average,
65@67c; clothing superfine, 72@75c; good, 67®70c.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 83c®$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35®75c for ordinary.
APRICOTS— 15®30c per box, 23@40c per crate:
in bulk, $10@12 50 per ton for small and $15®
17 50 for large.
CRABAPPLES— 35@73c per box. according to
package.
PLUMS— 30@50c per box and 2O@30c per bas
ket; Prunes, 40®60c per crate and 20®30c per
basket; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton.
PEACHES— 25®35c per. box and 10@30c per
basket for common and 25®35c per aox and 10
@30c-j)er basket for Crawfords and $20®22 60 per
ton ror Frees and $23@35 for Cllrgs in the
country.' Sawyer's Seedlings, 25@40c per bas
ket on the wharf.
NECTARINES— White. 40®50c per box; Red.
40@60c. - ' •¦ .
PEARS-rBartletts. $1®1 25 per bat for No. 1
40®'75c for No. 2 and $30®40 per ton in the coun
try.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest for
Longworths and $3®4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4®5 per chest.
; ; HUCKLEBERRIES— S<g>10c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 50@75c per box for single and
$l(f<l 50 for double layers; White, noniinaC
MELONS— Nutmegs. $1@1 75. per box; Canta
loupes, . $1 23 per half-crate and $2®3 50 . -per
large crate; "Watermelons, from Fresno, $1 23@3
per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona.
73c per crate; Fontalnebleau and Black
from Vacavllle, $1@1 25 per box; Tokay, $1 23
per crate. ; . "
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean . Sweets
Valendas and St. Michaels, 75c@$3 2'.; Lemons
EOc®$l 50 for common and $2@3 25 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c®$l 50; Mexican Limes
$5®5 50; Bananas, $1 25®2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, t Nuts and Raisins.
Though this market remains dull, the New
York market for fruits is improving, as will be
seen -In the first ' column. Prunes being in es
pecial demand, with an advanclnn tendency.
The same report says that although Apricots
are dull In New. York they are being bought up
by speculators on this coast, i The dried fruit
market is. looking up all over the. East, owing
to the long heated spell, which la cutting down
the yield all over the country.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7©10c for new Royals and
This market is all tied up by the strike.
The canners cannot get their supplies, many
dealers cannot get their consignments up from
the" wharves, and if they do cannot deliver
them for shipment. Hence large lota of
Peaches, Plums, Pears, etc., are rotting and
have to be sold for what they will bring.
Peaches in 50-lb boxes were offered at 10c per
box to clean them up, but the buyer refused to
give over 5c, and walked off. Quotations for
fruit are largely nominal under the circum
stances, and the commission merchants are
notifying the growers to cease shipping to this
city until the strike is over. At present the
wharves are full and getting fuller every day.
The Hawaiian 8teamer« brought up 1800
bunches of Bananas.
Oranges and Lemons are lower and quieter.
Arrival of 612 boxes Mexican Limes.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c;<seconds, 15c;
store. 12(<n4c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice. 8^c;
common, nominal: Young Americas. 10c; East
ern, full cream. 13@13c per lb.
EGGS —
California Ranch— Selected white, 17c; mixed
colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, loc; standard.
13c: seconds.. .
Eastern— Standard. 13c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
PUTTER—
Creamery — Extra, 20c: firsts, 19c: seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery. 21®21^c per lb for
fancy and 19® 20c for seconds; dairy, 14® 19c
per lb.
CHEESE — New. 9@10c: old. nominal; Young
Americas. 10<iSllc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 17®19c for good to fancy;
store, 13S15c r>er dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Butter was . quoted fairly firm, with light
stocks. Prices remained unchanged. Cheese
also ruled firm.' and the shelves are thinly fur
nished. Eggs were still quoted weak, and deal
ers wpre quoting at ISfjlOe brands of ranch
that they have been getting 20c for. Stocks
are ample for all needs. . •
Receipts were 32,600 pounds and 24 tubs of
Butter. S'.'O cases of Eggs. 385 cases . Eastern
Eggs. 3400 pounds of California Cheese. —
pounds Oregon Cheese and 5000 pounds East
ern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two, cars of Eastern came in. making four
thus far this week. The market continues over
supplied and extremely dull and no reasonable
offer is refused.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 8@9c for Gobblers
and. ?@9c for Hens; Geeese, per pair, J11J1 23;
Goslings, $1@1 25: Ducks, $2 50®3 for old and
$3<g4 for young; Hens. ?3 50(35; young Roosters,
$5(fi6: old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers. $4@4 50:
Broilers. $2 50®3 50 for large and $1 3O@2 25 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 50i?i2 for Squabs. - ¦
GAME— Hare, $l<f?l 30: Rabbits, . $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
.The demand for Potatoes for shipment has
fallen off," owing to the high prices, which the
Texans cannot stand. Commission merchants
are filling their shipping orders from interior
points, as the teamsters' strike has put a stop
to shipping from this city. Prices are accord
ingly weaker again. Onions continue firm.
• Vegetables continue weak and the Ktrike con
tinues to affect the market Supplies are large,
particularly of Tomatoes and Summer. Squash.
Some Pickles are ccmlng in. but they are said
to be soft this year and not desired by the fac
tories on this account.
,. POTATOES— New Potatoes, 90c@$l 25 in sacks
and $1@1 50 in boxes .for Burbanks, 90c@$l for
Garnet Chiles and 90c@$l 10 for Early Rose;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 50.
ONIONS — Red. 30<&50c per sack; Yellow, 93c
<g$l 10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $1 73@2 25 for
large. $1 25(51 50 per box for No. 1 and 50c@$l
for No. 2: Green Peas, WzQlVic: String Beans,
l(&2^c; Limas. : Cabbage.- 35®4Cc per ctl;
Tomatoes, from Winters, lOrjJlac; Rivers, in
large boxes, 23<350c; Dried Peppers. 12@lSc;
Green Okra, 8@12%c; Carrots, 25j?35c per sack;
Winter Cucumbers, 15<@25c; Bay, 35@50c;
Pickles. l%c per lb for small and lc for large:
Garlic, 2^3c: Green Peppers, 73c@$l per box for
Chile and $1 50® 1 75 for Bell: Egg Plant. 75c@
$1 25 per box; Green Corn. 50c<g*l per sack;
Alameda, $1@1 50 per crate; Berkeley. 75@S5c;
Summer Squash, large boxes. 20(§25c; New
Marrowfat Squash, l%@2c per lb.
Pink Beans have moved up another notch and
are firm at the advance, as the demand for
shipment keeps up. The other kinds show no
change whatever and are quoted quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25@2 50: Small White.
%\ 75@4 90; Large White, 53 50@3 85; Pink, $1 50
@1 75; Red. $3ifif3 25; Blackeye, $3; Limaa, $S 15
@6 35; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 75@3: Canary. 3Vi@
3«/4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Kape, 1%@>
2Vic; Hemp, 3M;C per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 63 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran has again advanced. Middlings are
unchanged. The other Feedstuffs are firm and
unchanged. _
The feeling was less demoralized in Hay.
though the market continued weak." The strike
\3 interfering with business, as it stops much
of the hauling. Were it not for the strike the
market would have been steadier yesterday.
Prices show no changes worthy of remark.
BRAN— $1S»5>18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $15 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18: Corn Meal,
$28 5C@29 50; Cracked Corn, $2»®30; Mixed Feed,
.117018. ¦ •
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat.
$7@9 50: choice. $10: Wheat and Oat. $S 50@3;
Oat. $6@8 50; Barley and Oat, | $6®8: Alfalfa,
$7@9: Clover. $5 SO^; Volunteer, $4 50>36 50. m
STRAW— 23#42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-California Family extras, $3 25#
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras $0 lo@3 to.
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers , *-. 10
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: grahain
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour *2'7o. -Bye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal $3. ex
tra cream do. $3 73; Oat Groats. $4 7o; Hominy.
$3 73O4; Buckwneat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole ™heat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), I 1 ' 35 ® 7 *>*•
in sacks, $6@7 50: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
; CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular ' Morning . Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS-Llght showers in the West weakened
the, Chicago market from 88«c . to 35%c. but
this market remained firm and unchanged at
97%c@$l 17% for red, with a fair demand. r»o
Ot CORN- CMcago fell from 59%c to KHc, owing
to light showers in the West, and there was a
general unloading. But private wires to this
city from Chicago salS: "Corn will remain
dear No amount of rain now can make over
a 1.600.000.000 bushel crop. 'V This shows quite
a drop from the 2.400,000,000 bushels expected
"Thtamwkrt iX firm at the extremely high
prices, which, however, check trade, so there
is nothing going on. Small round Yellow
$175; Eastern Yellow. $150: White. $1 62» /2 ,
M RYE- $ Ve 4 ry P duIl C at 721i@I7^c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
No 1 and 67V6@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
Continued on Page Eleven.
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 23.
Flour, qr sks 18,864 Middlings, sks... 145
Wheat, ctls 59.670 Hay. tons..*. ¦ 70^
Barley, ctls 1.920 Straw, tons 5
Oats, ctls >- 1.«1C .Wool, bales .v 7.9CO
Corn. East. ctls.. 600 Leather, rolls.... 104 '
Tallow, ctls 213 Quicksilver, flsks BO*s
Sugar, ctls 1,755 Raisins, boxes.... 2 430 4
Beans, sks 204 Pelts,' bdls... l»)
Onions, sks....... 778'Hldes. No 433
Bran, sks 7831
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary siz»s. $18@19; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $1S@19: Lath. 4 feet. $3 90®4; Pickets.
$20: Shingles. $2 for common and $2 73 for
fancy;- Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn;
Rustic. $23329.
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $21 per ton In
large sacks and $22 In 50' s. Liverpool Is quoted
at $19 25^20 for the best and $16@13 50 for lower
grades. Higgins*. $27 50<g30 per ton. .
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@43 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In lOo-lb-bags:
Cubes crushed and fine crushed, 5.75c; Pow
dered. 5.35c; Candy Granulated. 5.35c; Drr
Granulated. 5.25c; Confectioners' A, 5.25c; Fruit
Granulated, 5.25c; Beet Granulated. 5.13c: Mac
rolia, 4.83c; Extra C. 4.73c; Golden C, 4.63c: bar*
rels 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; boxes.
50c more: 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
nos. half-barrels. 6c; boxes. 6.23c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7%®Sc
per lb; White Lead, 7?4@8c, according to quan
tity.
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 13c •„ Astral. 19c: Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c: in,
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
8S-de<ree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c: In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
E2c in drums or iron barrels. " • ¦
OILS— California Cavtor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
94c; raw. 92c; cases, 60 more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases, 85c: China
Nut. 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c: cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 85c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37\i342Uc per gallon; Fish
Oil, in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 28®32c per lt>; Sol«
Leather, medium. 26®30c: 8ole Leather, light.
25<R2j<c ; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@23c; Rough
Leather, light. 25® 28c; Harness Leather, heavy.
33@39c for No. 1 and 30>@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, .medium. 30@37c: Harness Leather,
light. 29@35c; Skirting. 86®40c; Collar Leather.
lE@16c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40® t 50c per lb;
Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14£lGc; Rough Splits. SSlOc' per lb.
TANBAilK— Ground, $26®2S per ton; Stick.
$1S@2O per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— li%tfU%c for prime
to fancy washed; 10@10*ic for strictly good
washed: 9%®9^ie for good washed; T^S^c for
fair washed; 7@7%c for medium; 5%®7c for in
ferior to ordinary; 10%©12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8%©9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry: 7%@8c for good to superior
unwashed.
Salvador— 12<£}13%c for strictly prime washed:
9<fj'll4c for good to prime washed; 8i38%c for
fair washed: 10ViS12c for good to prime washed
peaberry; Sffs^c tor good to prime semi
washed; SQSUc for superior unwashed; 7%??;v
for good green unwashed; 8%©9c for good ti>
superior unwashed peaberry: 5%@7Vic for com
mon to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll©14c for prime to fancy washed:
8%®10%e for fair to strictly good washed: 7V<0
7\c for good to superior unwashed: S>-;9S-v
for food to prims unwashed peaberry.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13%@14e for strictly
prime' to fancy washed: 11%@12%c for prima
washed: 10%@llc for good washed; ll@12Hc for
good to prims washed pea berry; 9Vs®10i 3 c for
fair to prime peaberry; 9%@10%e for good to
prime; 7%@8Hc for fair; 6®7Uc for common to
ordinary.
"White Seal." 8c; 5-lb boxes Fancy. Boneless.
9c; 2-lb boxes Fancy, Boneless. 7H<tNc; Desic
cated, per dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod. barrel*,
each. $7 50; Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each.
|4 5a
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 5c:
cases, regular, 5Hc; cases, extra large. 551c;
cases. Eastern style. 6%c; Boneless, 6%c; "Nor
way," 6%c; "Narrow Gauge," 7c: "Silver
King," 7%c; Blocks. "Seabright," 7%c; Tab
lets. 8c; Middles "Golden State." 7%c; Middles
CORDAGE— The j local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12%c per lb;
Sisal size. 9%c; Bale Rope, 9c; Duplex, 8%c.
Terms. 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.0CO lbs. lc less.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallaend. $9;
Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, IH; Canne), $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 43 per
200O lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS — As previously mentioned, tha
feeling in Grain Bags is easier, and the demand
is less keen. There Is no further change In quo
tations, however. Calcutta Grain Bags, 8@S%c;
local make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7H@3c; Fruit
Bags. 5%@6c for cotton and 8H@3%c for jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tln3: Apples,
$1 15@1 55; Apricots, $1@1 50; Cherries, black,
$1 50@2; do, white. $1 50® 2; do. Royal Anne.
$1 60@2 15: Peaches, yellow, $1 20@l 63; do.
Lemon Cling. $1 30@l 75; Bartlett Pears, SI 23i»
1 75: Plums, SiOcgJl 25; Nectarines, $1@1 50;
Muscat Grapes, 95c@$l 35; Quinces, $1 10@l 55;
Strawberries. $1 30@l 75; Raspberries, fl 55@2;
Blackberries. $1 30@l 60.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%®
6%c; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. : sows. 20 per
cent off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9%c.
LAMB— Spring, S^SSc per pound,
VEAL- Large. 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
Prices for all descriptions remain about as
before. Hogs are ¦ coming forward slowly and
prices are Arm. The supply of Beef. Mutton
and Veal about balances the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF-€@6?ic for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL- Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c; do. Lambs', He per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c; defective, 9@llc; Middle
County, free, 10@llc; do. defective. 8@10c:
Southern, 12 -months. 8@3c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; do. defective, 7 months. 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 1 If! 15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, ll!?13c;
do, fair to good. 9<§llc; Nevada. 10@llHc Fall-
San Joaquin Lambs', 7%@9c.
HOPS— 15@20c cer lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy saKed
Steers, 10%@llc; medium, 9<&10c; light, 8%!f9c;
Cow Hides, 8V«<g9%c for heavy and 8%@9c for
light; Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c: Salted Veal.
9%@10c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. l&@18' 2 c;
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c: Dry f Jalf. 17®17^»c;
Culls and Brands. 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each: short Wool. 30tj?50c each: me
dium, 50@75c: long Wool, 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 5C(S2 75 for large and $2©2 25 for
medium. $1 50@l 73 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $1 73 for large. $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; choice.
5c; No. 2. 3V&@4c; grease. 2%®3c.
Hops are nominal.
Hides are quieter, and the strike Is affecting:
the market. Prices are weak but not generally
lower. .
The demand for Wool has been so good of
late that almost all grades. . even the medium
and coarse, are cleaning up. Buyers are now
taking the coarse Wools freely. Dealears expect
the demand to fall off. however, as buyers will
not purchase goods that they cannot move on
account of the strike.
COTTOLEJIE-One half-barrel. 9T»c; three
half-barrels, 9Uc: one tierce, 9Uc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and- Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13%@14c; California Hams.
13c: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family, $13 50; prime Mesa Pork. $15* extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13%®Uc
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 737%e; per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10«ic: 10-lb tins, llttc; 5-lb tins, ll?ic.
HONEY- Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber: water white extracted, 5@5^sc;
light amber extracted. 4@4Vjc; dark, 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
The market continues firm, but the .strike Is
seriously retarding trade. Price* show, no
chanre.
Provisions.
PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50s. 6»4c; 5O-6Os, 4%c; .
60-708. 3%c: 70-80a, 3'zic; 8O-9Os. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2^c;
100-120s. l%c.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices- Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lOUc per lb;
choice. 9%c: standard. 8%c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6Hc; 4-cro-wn, 7c; 3-crown. • 6>£c ; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. 5\4c. and
4-crown. 5»*c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5'ic; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $150 per. box: 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50: impe
rials. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12ttc: No.
2. 8<38%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. J, 6%<&>
7%c; Almonds, 13@llc for paper-shell. 10@Uc for
softshell and ?#6c for hardshell; Peanuts. Z®
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12V»c: Filberts.
12-a]2Hc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5.
7%c to 14c for standard to fancy -Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4@6c; sun-dried. l%@2Hc:
new Evaporated Apples. 5@7c; Peaches. 3%@4c
for standard, 4%@5%c for choice and 8@«%c for
fancy: new Peaches, 6c for July and 5%c for
August. delivery: Pears. 4@Sc; Plumsu pitted.
3®4c;- unpltted. *i@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4%c for
red 'and 4@5c for white.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ JULY 24, 1901.
THE COAST RECORD.
New York Grain and Produce.
California Fruit Sales.
8
STATIONS.
ht si *S
ilf.pl
: 3 : 3 p. 3
if
a
: ?
Fanta Maria 70 50 .*.
Hollister 81 54 Clear
Ventura 71 58 Clear
Napa 76 56 S\V Clear
Hanford 103 72 N Clear
San Jose 82 59 X Clear
Palermo 99 62 S Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
STATIONS.
3
2-
a
sis!
I! If
if
j&i
DO
fv
Astoria 30.10 64 54 NW Clear 0
Baker 29.78 88 58 NW Pt Cldy 0
Carson 29.94 88 58 S\V Cloudy 0
Eureka 30.02 60 56 NW Cloudy 0
Fresno 29.72 102 70 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.94 80 52 NW Pt Cldy .06
Pocatello, Idaho. .29.74 92 70 NW Pt Cldy 0
Independence 29.70 92 66 S Pt Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29.78 84 60 W Clear 0
Phoenix ...., 29.64 104 8D SW Pt Cldy .C6
Portland 29.98 76 60 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff 29.74 100 72 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 29.93 74 62 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.7S 90 60 SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 23.72 92 74 NW Cloudy T.
San Francisco 29.92 56 58 SW Cloudy 0
San Luis Obispo.. 29.88 78 52 W Clear 0
gan Diego 29.89 70 64 W Clear 0
Seattle .30.06 74 54 N'W Clear 0
Spokane 29.80 92 60 AV Clear 0
Neah Bay 30.12 60 50 NW Clear . 0
Walla Walla 29.80 92 66 NE Clear 0
Winnemucca 29.64 96 60 W Pt Cldy 0
Tuma 29.64 108 80 SW Clear 0
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 51.
Temperature at
7 a
STATIONS.
3
2-
a
sis!
I! If
if
j&i
DO
fv
Astoria 30.10 64 54 NW Clear 0
Baker 29.78 88 58 NW Pt Cldy 0
Carson 29.94 88 58 S\V Cloudy 0
Eureka 30.02 60 56 NW Cloudy 0
Fresno 29.72 102 70 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.94 80 52 NW Pt Cldy .06
Pocatello, Idaho. .29.74 92 70 NW Pt Cldy 0
Independence 29.70 92 66 S Pt Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29.78 84 60 W Clear 0
Phoenix ...., 29.64 104 8D SW Pt Cldy .C6
Portland 29.98 76 60 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff 29.74 100 72 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 29.93 74 62 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.7S 90 60 SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 23.72 92 74 NW Cloudy T.
San Francisco 29.92 56 58 SW Cloudy 0
San Luis Obispo.. 29.88 78 52 W Clear 0
gan Diego 29.89 70 64 W Clear 0
Seattle .30.06 74 54 N'W Clear 0
Spokane 29.80 92 60 AV Clear 0
Neah Bay 30.12 60 50 NW Clear . 0
Walla Walla 29.80 92 66 NE Clear 0
Winnemucca 29.64 96 60 W Pt Cldy 0
Tuma 29.64 108 80 SW Clear 0
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 51.
Temperature at
7 a
STATIONS.
ht si *S
ilf.pl
: 3 : 3 p. 3
if
a
: ?
Fanta Maria 70 50 .*.
Hollister 81 54 Clear
Ventura 71 58 Clear
Napa 76 56 S\V Clear
Hanford 103 72 N Clear
San Jose 82 59 X Clear
Palermo 99 62 S Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0mounted the seats and assisted in hauling
the fruit. For the most part the can
neries and wholesale houses were the ones
that suffered the greatest loss. A great
portion of the surplus fruit, for which
there was no conveyance, was shipped to
the cities around the bay. The Caroline
carried 1400 cases to Tiburon, . whence
they will be shipped to the Santa Rosa
cannery. Another load of 500 boxes was
conveyed on the steamer San Jose to the
Garden City, while the steamer Dauntless
carried a cargo of 1000 boxes to Oakland.
By night the surplus fruit on the wharf
had been materially decreased.
During the morning hours the Overland
Transfer Company succeeded in. trans
porting from the Pacific Mail dock thi%e
loads of bonded goods. In order to do so,
however, the company was forced to em
ploy non-union men and to have them
sworn in as United States custom inspect
ors. : If the strikers should attempt to in
terfere with the Overland Transfer Com
pany's teamsters, after they, have taken
the oath as custom inspectors, the United
States would take a hand in the matter.
'Secretary McLaughlin.of the Draymen's
and Brotherhood . of Team
sters, • in speaking of the : trouble last
night, stated that as yet no attempt would
be made to call out any more men and
that the merchants who were acting fair
toward- the teamsters ne^d. have no fear
He said, however, that there were some
who were acting- in a very underhanded
manner, -professing to, be • neutral • while
in i. reality they were doing all in their
power to injure the. cause of the strikers.
Such merchants," h& declared. . would be
summarily dealt with by the brotherhood.
Teamsters Are in Good Spirits.
In reviewing the developments of the
difficulties and the teamsters* possibility
of- winning, he said: "Tire teamsters are
all in : good " spirits and the prospects of
an early and favorable termination, could
not be more encouraging. I estimate that
there are in the : neighborhood ¦ of 1200
teamsters now out.".... ....... TV . : .._:•
Owing to a personal grievance ten team
sters who were employed by A. Mi Bar
rett, a lumberman at Fourth and I Berry
streets, went on a strike yesterday. Their
strike .was. not authorized •• by the '.union,'
and it in no. way affects v the great: body
of lumber haulers.- - -r ;- ¦
Secretary George Renner of 4 the pray-
Thus far r.o attempt has been made to
call upon other affiliated unions for as
sistance. The fact that the teamsters
were locked .out has practically tiea up
many ether branches of trade, and the
result has been far reaching. The fruit
industry of the State has been the great
est sufferer. But the teamsters have ex
pressed a willingness to handle all the
perishable freight that comes in, provided
they are not asked to handle any freight
for the Morton Drayage and Warehouse
Company. Around this firm and I'*
branch, the Morton Special Delivery Com
pany, the wbole fight centers. •
"We have told tne Draymen's Associa
tion," said Business Agent Michael Casey,
'"that we were perfectly willing to go back
to work under the old conditions and do
straight hauling, but 'under no circum- .
stances would we haul directly or Indi
rectly for the Morton Drayage and Ware
house Company. We do not want to see
the orchardings of the State suffer, be
cause they are innocent parties to this
controversy. We have said time and
again that we were willing to haul all
perishable freight, such as fruit, either to
tne commission houses or the canneries,
or any other freight that is offered, with
the sole exception that it must in no way
be connected with the Morton companies.
About 4'X) men are still at work out of the
JWX» members of our union. We can call
them out at a moment's notice, but have
hesitated to do so. We do not want to
tie up the business of the city and State
entirely, but -will do so finally If we are
compelled." • . :, "
Casey savs the outlook for an early set
tlement is promising, tut declined to state
y.pon what ground he based this hypothe-
Extraordinary Police Precautions.
A larpe number of locked-out men. con
j?r*&at«d at headquarters. 672 .: Fourth
Bireet. where the executive committee
'•as in session throughout the day and
P}LICE OFFICERS looking uncom
fortable In the high seats of ex
press wagons and mounted offi
cers drawn from the Mission and
Golden Gate Park acted as es
corts to nearly every load of freight that
teas moved yesterday In this city. Sun
Francisco has not witnessed a similar
Eight for many a year. Although these
precautions -were deemed necessary, the
Eecond day of the controversy between,
the Draymen's Association passed with
out any serious breach of the peace.
Bet-ween the two organizations, despite
th« strained relations at present existing,
the best of feeling prevails. The bosses
call at the teamsters' headquarters, have
a talk with the men and sometimes invite
them to "take a smile." No 111 feeling is
manifested on either side, but woe betide
the non-union man that attempts to haul
a load of freight. Out of the vo
cabulary of the teamster, gathered from
years of experience in handling a balky
team, the choicest epithets are hurled,
and' the result is generally a get-off-the
box policy on the part of the driver. Lads
who have been employed in the offices of
the draymen have in many instances been,
impressed into service as draymen, but
none seemed to relish the awkward con
dition in which they were placed.
-Secretary Ed Rosenberg of the San
Francisco Labor Council had a conference
during the day with the executive com
mittee of the teamsters. He declined to
give anv expression of views regarding
the situation or Its outcome. Upon the de
velopments of the next few days will de
pend whether affiliated . unions . will be
called upon to go out In sympathy with
the teamsters. The executive - committee
of the Labor Council will meet to-night
and action may be taken at that time if
the situation so warrants. ¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦
.Customs Collector Stratton swore In two
non-union drivers yesterday as customs
inspectors. The men are engaged In haul-
Ing bonded goods from -the wharves to
the bonded warehouses and the Apprais
er's .store, and the, badge - of authority
was bestowed upon them for protection
and to distinguish them: from' non-union
drivers working for private parties. \
The only steamers from foreign ports
that are now due- are the Ban Bias from
Panama and way -ports and ¦ the Coptic
from China an-1 Japan. This will add to
the trouble on the front, but the freight
will be moved hy the United States Gov
ernment at any cost. Extra, men will be
sworn In as the occasion demands.
~"N. AH : PaluncoTTane of the striking team
sters who >was . employed by McNab &
Smith, swore to a complaint in Judge Mo-
Extraordinary precautions were taken
by Chief of Police Sullivan to preserve
the peace, but there was scarcely any
necessity for the presence of officers. The
men of the morning watch were held in
reserve, but were, not called upon for ac
tive service. Seventeen mounted men pa
trolled the downtown district, while extra
men were detailed in other directions.
Chief Sullivan and Captain Wittman drove
through the wholesale district and found
everything quiet and orderly. The men
will, however, be held In reserve for the
next three or four days, or until the trou
ble is adjusted. At" midnight the v patrol-,
men going off duty were ordered to report
this morning at 7 a. m., instead" of at
noon. '
night As teams loaded with freight drove
past the headquarters "to the freight de
pots on Townsend street, between Fourth
and Fifth streets, the men lined up on
both sides of the street and each driver
who was not recognized as a member of
the union had to run the gamut of sallies,
witty and otherwise. . • . • •¦ .:
SOME INCIDENTS OF THE SECOND DAY OF THE STRIKE BETWEEN
THE DRAYMEN AND THEIR FORMER EMPLOYES, WITH POLICE
MEN READY TO ACT AS REFEREES IF NECESSARY.
Salisbury in Pessimistic
Mood at Lords'
Session.
? /.
LONDON, July 23.— In- the House of
Lords to-night the Marquis of Salisbury
made a pessimistic speech in support of
the finance bill. The Premier said:
"The' tendency to. extravagance Is in
creasing. We ' have had ¦ no choice. We
have had to protect ourselves, and must
pay the cost. For years public opinion
was in ; favor of a pacific policy; but now
that -state of -opinion : has passed away.
The tide has turned, and- who am I and
who are we that we should attempt to
stem the tide? If the tide has turned we
shall have to go with it. We are In the
presence of forces far larger than we can
wield:." : ¦:':¦:. ¦ : »t ¦"'.."
"The noble Lord (referring to Baron
Welby) has alluded to the celebrated pass
age inr which Sydney Smith warned the
American .¦public against the dangers and
discomforts attaching to the pursuit of
glory. No doubt it was thought' at the
time to be a* very wise lecture. But luis
it been successful?' Has he' Induced /he
American people to adopt his. view?- On
the - contrary, we know that one: of the
most powerful engines of the state con
sists in. appeals to that national and im
perial sentiment to which we have been
so:' much- exposed and which we arc ,«o
much bound to abide by." - : -
Kansas to-day have been as high as 110,
and in no case are figures less than 100
reported- It -has : been, fuily as oppressive
as yesterday which ,was the hottest day
of the year. . A death - from heat; occurred
in Abilene and prostrations -resulted: in
Leavenworth, Emporia, : Atchison, -= Osage
City^-Topeka and some of r .the . smaller
towns.*-: ': *>•.¦; '- ¦ ' 7: . ' "•:... :;.:'...
The State is overcast with clouds, and
the air is humid. Thundershowers of
various degrees of Intensity came durinar
the ; afternoon.- Leavenworth • had two
showers of twenty, minutes- each, -and all
the others were smaller. .No relief other
than a slight cooling of the atmosphere
resulted. .The indications, seem favorable
to-night for, more showers, - but - no one
attempts to say iwhen. general: rains may
be-expected. if-*; ¦:- . -:-r-.r >*-••¦ „:.. : .
.-The situation throughout the State has
become ; very, uncomfortable: S Everything
is stifled with dust, and .water is becoming
very .scarce.: Over a month of ieo degree
temperature with . hardly a drop of -rain
is the story reported to-night from many
Kansas counties. • - ' ,' . -
PREMIER TALKS
OF EXTRAVAGANCE
WASHINGTON. July 23.— With the ex
ception of scattered thunder-storms, the
most important of which, so far at least
as reports to the weather bureau show,
was that at North Platte, Nebr., where
eight one-hundredths of an inch of rain
fell, the drought and intense heat continued
all day throughout the States of the corn
belt. Temperatures to-day again aver
aged over 100 degrees in that area, making
the thirty-sixth consecutive' day in which
the thermometer has risen to 90 degrees
and higner. • . /
Aside from North Platte.a trace of rain
was- officially reported at Des Moines, two
one-hundredths of an Inch at Kansas Qity,
some rainfall in North Central - Texas,
some In Arkansas, some in. South Texas
and also- in Northern. Minnesota. In other
sections Official Forecaster Frankenfield
says there may have been thunder show
ers as reported in the press . dispatches,
though the bureau has received no advices
other than those heretofore stated from
its observers. These storms, he said,
brought only temporary relief and afford
little sustenance to the: over-parched
ground, which, after the greatly protract
ed period of the drought, needs a general
According to present indications, theile
seems to be no prospect of such a down
pour for the next two days at least. Be
yond that time the officials will not make
any predictions. Generally speaking, . the
temperatures" in the superheated : area
were not so: high as yesterday, but such
falls as may have occurred have been due
¦ entirely to local changes, and not to any
general differences in atmospheric condl-
The* hot 'weather also continued in the
Northwest, Bismarck (N. D.) reporting, a,
record-breaking' temperature^ of 106 de
grees. There is no prospect of any. relief
from prevailing conditions in the central
valleys and the Middle West, and Fore
caster Frankenfield to-night repeats his
forecast- of | continued ; warm weather with
light and scattered thunderstorms for that
section. ! The only rains indicated are local
thunder showers in the Southern: States
and the Rocky Mountain section; ".". ; —
Some of the maximum temperatures re
ported^ to-day < are: *' Atlanta, 86:. -Buff alp,
84:rCincinnati, 94: Davenport, 104: Denver,
90; DesMolne?.: 100: Indianapolis; 96; Jack
sonville. 99; ¦ Kansas City," 102: Memphis.
102; New York. ,90: Omaha. 102; Pittsburg,
88: St.-L.ouis. 106; St. Paul, 100: Springfield,
1M: "Washington, 98; Springfield, Mo. r- 106. :
•TOPEKA;-: July V 23.— Temperatures" ; in
Slight Moisture Favors
Withering Eastern
Fields.
SHOWERS WET
PARCHED LANDS
The preliminary- examination of Emmet
F. Pettlgrew. on the charge of, murder
for fatally stabbing Lafayette A. Walsh
outside the Chutes Sunday night. July 14.
was commenced before Judge Conlan yes
terday afternoon. The witnesses exam
ined were Corporal George Russell, who
made a diagram of the scene; Dr. Gian
nini. who made the autopsy on Walsh's
body, and Woodford Dennis, a soldier,
who saw Pettlgrew run across the street
after "Walsh and plunge the knife Into
his abdomen. • The examination will be
continued this morning.
The Harder at the Chutes.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Marriage licenses
were Issued at the County Clerk's office
to-day to the following named: David M.
Collyer of Oakland, aged 40, to marry
Ada R. Ross of Oakland, aged 30; William
D. Brown of San Francisco, aged 24. to
rnarry Kittle Sullivan of San Francisco,
aged 20; William J. Templeton of Oak
land, aged 34. to marry Agnes Connors of
Oakland, aged 36.
* . Licensed to Harry.
Alexander was committed to Stockton
this afternoon by Judge Greene on com
plaint of Mrs. Alexander, against the pro
test of the daughter, who openly rebelled
against the effort made by her mother to
have her father confined in an insane .isy
lum. The girl was not present at the ex
amination, but shortly before her father
was to be taken away by the deputy
sheriff she arrived at the hospital. In the
absence of Warden Page Steward B.or
chert was in charge of the Insane ward.
Miss Alexander asked Borchert to get
her mother's telephone addressvand ring
her up, as she must talk to her at once.
The telephone is in the waiting room, well
removed from the wing of the • building
where the insane patients are confined.
While Borchert was studying the tele
phone directory the girl closed the door
of the waiting room, stepped noiselessly
to the insane ward and' threw open the
window at the end of the corridor. Then
she opened the door of her father's cell
and helped him through the window. As
soon as he had disappeared around the
corner of the building she took his place
in the cell and shut the door. When th«
unsuspecting . steward returned she was.
reading aloud from the testament left be
hind by the preacher.
- Steward Waits Outside.
Hesitating to disturb these pious minis
trations, the steward waited outside while
Miss Alexander read on in reverential
tones — and his erstwhile patient made his
way up Franklin street to the narrow
gauge station, as the officers now suppose
from the traces found later. Meanwhile
Deputy District Attorney Harris, whom
Mr. Alexander' had requested to come to
the hcspital to advise him with regard to
his legal rights, arrived and asked 10 be
admitted to the cell. It was then that
Steward Borchert found that he had been
duped. When the full extent of the
treachery of which. he had been made the
victim burst upon him he upbraided the
fair conspirator for the betrayal of his
confidence. • "I trusted you, and this is the
way you pay "me back. What shall I do
with her, Mr. Harris? She ought to go
to the penitentiary for this."
Harris • said he couldn't see what au
thority Borchert had to confine Miss Alex
ander in the insane ward, so she walked
"out, bidding the steward a very cordial
good-sifternoon,- while that official rushed
to the telephone to summon the Sheriff
and his deputies. In a few minutes all
the men available were detailed on- the
case. . After they had searched the
grounds about the hospital, the steward
meanwhile looking under, all the beds In
the insane ward, they discovered- that
their man had half an hour's start on
them. They then made inquiries about
the railroad stations and found that a
man answering Alexander's description
had passed up Franklin ¦ street half an
hour before, going toward the narrow
gauge station, where there was a train
nearly due for the city.
Up to a late hour to-night no f urthar
trace of the fugitive had been found. The
Sheiiff's office has notified the officers
throughout the county to be on the'look
out fi*r him. ; \
"I- cannot comprehend this dreadful
thing yet," she : said. "I have gone
Mrs. Alexander was prostrated with ter
ror when she learned of her husband's es
cape. • . " : ¦ -.'" :-\ -.' ! -i -¦¦¦¦
through a terrible ordeal to accomplish
the commitment and I would never have
forced it had I not been driven by the
awful peril that has haunted me these
last months. My daughter regarded his
confinement in an asylum as a disgrace
which she would do anything to avert.
Still I cannot think that she connived at
her father's escape. She was here for a
few minutes after this happened, but said
nothing to me. She knew it would nearly
kill me. She has gone away now again.
She is not afraid of her father and is sel
dom at home."
Broke Promise to Be Good.
This is the second time M/. Alexander
has been examined for commitment, hav
ing been discharged by Judge Ellsworth
a month ago, after promising never to
molest/his wife again. At that trial he
defended himself eloquently, claiming that
while he had threatened his wife's life
he did so from excess of love and because
she said she was going to get a divorce.
When he went from the hospital on that
occasion his wife refused to bid -him good
by, but Miss Lillie, who is tall and strik
ingly handsome, embraced him again and
again and left a $5 gold piece in his hand
as she shook it at parting. • /
At the hearing before Judge Greerie to
day Alexander said he did. not wish to
say anything in answer to the court's
questions, as it was a law of evidence that
a man could not be compelled to testify
against himself.
"Then you admit the truth of tha
charge?" asked Judge Greene.
Alexander said he had nothing to con
ceal and spoke fluently in his own de
fense. He said that his only crime was In
loving his wife too well. His impulsive
temper, he said, was to blame for all the
rest.
Mrs. Alexander said that her husband
laid all his actions to divine direction, in
cluding hi3 threats to kill herself.' She
said he appeared at the windows at all
hours of the night, shaking his fist and
using abusive language. ' • "
Miss Alexander denied having assisted
her father to escape. She says she la
glad he got away, and admits that when
she saw he had escaped, while she i and
Borchert were at the telephone, she did
what she could to conceal the fact and
allow him time to get beyond pursuit.
DEMENTED MINISTER'S DAUGHTER AND HER FATHER. WHOSE ES
CAPE FROM A DETENTION CELL AT THE OAKLAND RECEIVING
HOSPITAL SHE EFFECTED WITH OFFICIALS NEAR.
EEATHS IN TBDEJ ARMY
OF THE PHILIPPINES
General MacArthur Sends the War
Department a List of Recent
Casualties.
WASHINGTON, July 23.-Under date of
June 28, General MacArthur reports the
following deaths in the Philippines:
Harry ¦ Robinson, corporal. Forty-ninth In
fantry; Thomas B. Phillips. Second Infantry;
William A. Miller, Sixteenth Infantry; Frank
Cahill, John J. Menzer, • Twelfth Infantry;
Clifford Chambers, corporal, Forty-ninth In
fantry; Oscar L. Littleton, Sixteenth Infantrv;
Walter L. Griffin, Hospital Corps; "William J.
Crine, Klerhteenth Infantry; Louis Brown, cor
poral. Forty-ninth Infantry; John W. Lauway,
Twentieth Infantry; John W. Smeltzer, Fif
teenth Infantry; William M. Miller, sergeant,
Sixth Infantiy; Jacob Barnwell. Forty-eighth
Infantry; William J. Pooler. Forty-third In
fantry; Alfred J. Hutchlns, Nineteenth In
fantry; "Walter A. Kohler, Tenth Infantry;
Alexander McCook, ! Twenty-second Infantry;
C. J. Bobb, Fortieth Infantry; William B. Col
vin. Thirty-eighth Infantry; John A. Gosllne,
Charle3 E. Strayer, Eighth Infantry; Jesse D.
Bnyder, Hospital Corps; W. M. "Walker, cor
poral. Nineteenth Infantry., .
f General MacArthur reports the follow
ing casualties in the Philippines not pre
viously reported: '
In engagement at Pasaco, Camarlnes, May
17 — John Tague, private, Twenty-sixth Infan
try neck, slight; Theodore Hanson, private,
Twenty-sixth Infantry, leg, slight.
In engagement at San Augustine, Leyte,
April 4— Cressett Wlllard, private, Forty-third
Infantry, thigh, severe.
In engagement at Mabaslcal. Luzon, May 22—
Levl Ouster, private. Ninth Cavalry,/ side,
moderate. . . .
In engagement at Pagbllac, Luzon, May 26—
Patrick . McAleer, private, / First Cavalry,
shoulder, moderate. : '
In engagement at Jagna, Bohul, April 30—
Charles Daly, corporal. Eighteenth Infantry,
killed In action.
Baring Is Made an Earl.
LONDON, July 23.— King Edward has
raised- Evelyn Baring, First Viscount
Cromer, to an earldom.
men's Association is a firm believer in the
ultimate victory of the merchants and the
association. He is of the opinion that the
end of the difficulties is but a few days
distant. Yesterday he issued the follow
ing statement: "There are now about 1500
teamsters out, but the merchants are not
experiencing much difficulty in having
their draying done. To-day we expect to
have at least 300 more teamsters at work.
The merchants and draymen are stand
ing hand in hand, and they cannot pos
sibly be prevented from winning out.'-
At the instance of the Employers' Asso
ciation the Board of Police Commissioners
appointed fifty-four special policemen to
do strike service and protect the stables
in which non-union teams are quartered.
The officers will be furnished by Curtln's
Detective Agency.
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE HAS
MANY GOOI> SUGGESTIONS
Committee Appointed to Wait on the
Mayor and Have Special Meet
ing Called.
A committee appointed by President N.
B. Greensfelder of the Executive Council
of the ' Municipal"". League will Walt on
the Mayor to-day and request him to call
a conference of the presidents and secre
taries of the various municipal organiza
tions of this city, with a view to deter
mining whether something can not be
done' to relieve the situation before the.
entire commerce of this city is paralysed.
The committee is composed of the follow
ing members: Henry Kahn, A. Roberts.
S.- Bare, Rev. J. Nieto. W. M. Wiel, A. J.
Vining, Dr. A. Fisk, W. A. Desborough,
C. Alpers and Livingston Jenks.
This committee will meet in room 70,
Flood building,; at 2 o'clock to-day and
later visit the city's chief executive and
the Executive Committee of the Iron
Trades Council.
The meeting of the Municipal League
last night was a highly interesting one.
N. A. Greensfelder presided and Joseph
S. Jordan made an efficient secretary. Tho
league effected permanent organization.
The report of the nominating committee
was received and adopted.
At a meeting of the executive committee
held on July 16 Secretary Jordan was
instructed to communicate with the Metal
Trades Association and Iron Trades Coun
cil with a view, of securing from them
an' expression of their willingness to sub
mit the question at issue in its entirety
to a joint committee of an equal number
from both sides; and in the event of a dis
agreement of the joint committee, the
entire question to be submitted to a board
of arbitration. The following reply was
received from the Metal Trades Associ
ation:
"Owning your valued favor of July 17
we beg to say that we . are now, as we
always have been, willing to confer indi
vidually with our own employes." '
The following reply was sent by the
Iron Trades Council under date July 22:
"Yours of the 16th to hand and contents
• noted.: In answer would say that the Iron
Trades Council has a committee of five
with full power to act in regard to settle
ment of all questions in dispute, barring
the nine hour day* which is not open for
discussion." ¦ - '. i ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.- . . j
The committee in its report embodied
the foregoing replies and suggested that a
committee wait upon the Iron. Trades
Council. The suggestion was acted upon.
The following resolution, was submitted
and adopted: ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ • .. ¦¦.
"Whereas, the present industrial troubles in
San Francisco. prove the necessity of an arbi
tration law; and. ;:¦. _¦ ,-:.. :¦/¦•
Whereas, the Municipal League has been sin
cerely endeavoring to act as a Non-Partlsan
Industrial S Conciliation Council, but,-.- beinnr
without legal authority, - cannot secure the
requisite Information to arrive at the truth and
Eolution of the differences between the con
tending parties: therefore: be. it
Resolved, That a committee on legislation be
appointed, consisting of not less than 1 three
members, to prepare an. act, similar to the one
now in force in the State of Colorado, which act
is to be submitted to the San Francisco munici
pal conventions . for adoption and
tion to the Legislature-, and copy? of same to be
sent' to municipal organizations in every city
on the coast- with a view of having- effective
arbitration legislation recommended, tending
toward the prevention of a repetition of . the
present strikes • and lockouts that ¦ are of such
great injury to the Industrial welfare of, our
city * and State. \ : • : . ¦ ¦ • . :
tBarbers' meeting.
The Master Barbers* Association held a
meeting at 102 "O'Farreli; street las.t night
and decided to hold' a joint-meeting of^the
boss and journeymen barbers on Monday
evening; next: . 'This meeting .will be held
at 32 O'Farreli Ftreet and is called for the
purpose I of discussing sanitary conditions
and ¦ to" keep up • the present ¦ prices. .-The
Board of Health and Board of Examiners
will attend the meeting: : :: :r • :;=: v-
HAVANA, July 23.— General Maximo
Gomez in the course of an* open letter sets
forth the objects of his recent trip to the
United States and asserts that he. went to
New York with a view of impressing upon
T. Estrada Palma the necessity of com
ing to Cuba to be the first President of
the republic. He says: .
"Taking Into consideration the fortuit
ous relations which the Cuban republic
will bear to the United States, Senor
Palma is the most available and is the
only candidate. As real Cubans we ought
to make him accept. I shall turn all my
energy toward this end, and when it has
been accomplished I shall keep apart from
politics." ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦¦ ¦
The fiscal of the Audiencia asserts v that
he has sufficient evidence to convict C. F.
W. Neely, charged with embezzling postal
funds, without the interrogatories for
warded to witnesses in the United States,
and that the only reason for the delay in
the proceedings is that he has been -wait
ing to see how the United States authori
ties would act upon the Inquisitorial. let
ters. They have not yet been returned to
Havana, • i
Cuban General Explains
Why HeYistied
This Country.
¦' "". " t — — ;*. ' :
Mass of Evidence Against
Neely for Alleged
Postal Theft.
GOMEZ FAVORS
SENOR PALMA
BOTH DRAYMEN AND EMPLOYES CLAIM
GAINS IN THE LABOR CONTROVERSY
Merchants Continue to Discharge Men While Business Along Water Front
and in Wholesale District Remains in Extremely Congested Condition---
Policemen Mount Guard on Express Wagons for Protection of Goods
THE SAtf FRANCISCP CApp, )yEDNE^DAY, JULY 24, 1901.
The Rev. Thomas W. Alexander, Gprririiitted to State Hospital for Demented
fpr Threatening to Kill Hjs Wife, and Held Pending Departure, Gains
- His Freedom Through the Connivance of His Beautiful Daughter Lillie.
AIDS HER INSANE FATHER TO ESCAPE
FROM CELL IN WHICH HE IS CONFINED
0AKLAND, July 23.— "I am your
only prisoner." These were the
words -with' which Miss " Lillie
Alexander greeted ; the atonlshed
warden of the' insane department
of, the Receiving Hospital when he opened
the door of the room in which he had left
the Rev. Thomas W. Alexander, the father
of the young 'lady, . who- had-, Just been
committed to an insane- asylum. The girl
by a clever ruse had tricked him into
leaving her alone with her father for a
few minutes,' and while the warden
stepped out of the insane ward to leave
thern^ together she released ! him through
a back door. ¦" ' ¦ - • ' •¦
. gan's court j-esterday for the arrest of
Charles Wilson, a driver for the G. W.
Gibbs Iron Works, on the charge of ex
hibiting a deadly weapon in a. rude and
threatening manner. Wilson was stand-
Ing at Mission and Main streets Monday
¦when Palunco approached him with" the
intention of asking him whether he was a
union or non-union man. Wilson pulled a
revolver out of his pocket and shoved it
into Palunco's face. ' . ! .
Quiet Along 1 tlie Front.
All was quiet along the water front. Al
though &• large number of the strikers
congregated at the various wharves, es
pecially at Jackson-street wharf, there
was not the least disturbance. The
strikers confined themselves to peacefully
' persuading- the teamsters who had taken
their places to desert their jobs. In many
cases their effort were successful/ and the
drivers were induced to turn ' back with
their loads of merchandise after they -had
reached tho dock. Policemen were on de
tail all day along the front, .but in no in
stance waB their services required furth
er than to keep back the crowds.
The threatened accumulation of fruit at
the Jackson-street wharf was almost en
tirely provided for, and it is safe to say
; that exceedingly little fruit will be de
stroyed. The merchants impressed into
service express and delivery wagons and
in some Instances members of the firms
9
ADVERTISED TINTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
. to Men. •
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
A Free Trial Package Sei.t by Mall
* : to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are Being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distrilrnte free
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature- loan
cf strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciatfon of parts can now
cure themselves at home. .. -
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, .giving . strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It -cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
ill cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 323 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire ona
cf their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute la de-
slrou* of reaching that great class of men
who ere unable to leave home to be treat-,
ed. and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy it -is to be cured of : sex-
ual * -weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The -Institute makes no
rsstrictlons. . Any man who writes will ba
asnt- a free sample, carefully sealed ma
plain package.- so that Its recipient need
have no fear of | embarrassment I or pub-
licity. - Readers are requested : to ¦ writ*
without delay.THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, WEDNESDAY, JITIiY 24,1901.
10
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Continned.
SHOEMAKERS, attention!!!— For sale cheap.
In Pope Valley, 12 miles from St. Helena, a
complete outfit of tools and stock of leather;
also house 16xlS with all utensils for house-
keeping; cause of selling, old age and sick-
ness, luqulre of L. GOTTLIEB. 715 Bush St..
. city. _; .
WANTED— An honest. ana sober partner with
?3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.; cash receipts about *15«» *°
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE 1IAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071U Mar-
ket Et.. San l-'ranclsco. '
BARBERS— Best 2-chalr fihop in Ban Jose; all
new furniture; must be koU before August 1;
investigate. Address A. F. NOFTZ. 12 East
. San Fernando st.. San Jose.. Cal. t
BRANCH bakery and notion business In a fine
location; all cash trade; very low rent; liv-
ing-rooms: very cheap If taken this month.
| Apply 1727 Market St.. restaurant.
A BARGAIN— Fine location, lodging house or
. transient with saloon, dancing hall and
bowling alley. Box 37S6, Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; 4 well
furnished rooms In rear; no agents. Inqulro
1118 Market st. ?
$400 PARTNER wanted to start laundry busi-
ness. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
CANDY store for sale cheap; proprietor sick.
Box 3S10. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER V.V'"-"'
1C20 Market St.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint i9u.
26 Years in Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms.. $30 to $25.0Co
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20.00U
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms. $S0 to "50
i 50 private homes, 6 to 23 rooms, $90 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to S.OOU
40 grocery stores, $400 to 6,000
CO candy stores. $300 to 1.200
40 saloons. $400 to 6.000
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1.000
f,00 other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8.00&
75 houses and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. 50,000
11 chicken ranches. $400 to l,7l)0
10 ranches everywhere, $300 to 14.000
. To Buv, 'Sell or Exchange Anything Call., j
1 can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, j
I A. CAMERON & CO.. j
: S50 Market ' st. and S Stockton st. j
! Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S. |
I If you have hctel. rocming-house or business i
I to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
I €3 r. ; downtown apartment house $3500
] 50 r. : corner: rent $125: perm.; trans, rmrs. 1800
I 24 r. ; rent $110: good fur. and carp: Al locj 1900
I Ii'oney loaned on deferred payments; 1% p. c.
20 r.; rent $75; new carp.; part hskpg 1200
15 r. : rent $57 50; fur.. loc. good; bargain. POO
12 r.: rent $40: good house: sickness: rede'd 425
6 rms.; rent $25: new hardwood fur 375
! Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, money to loan.
719 Market St.. by Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
! 9 rooms: rent $25; income $125 $700
41 rooms; 2 blocks N of Mkt.; rent $100.. 1700
I SO rooms: rent $170; fine apartments 2500
I 14 rooms: J i cash; rent $40 450
j Call at office for list:, above are only samples.
I ATTENTION, BUYERS!
i You may buy any rooming-house In
! the city and pay for It
in monthly payments
! from the profits
of the house.
i Vacant houses furnished.
I DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
i MORTGAGED HOUSE MUST SELL.
j 14 rooms; central: paying $650
! 16 rooms: cheap rent: part cash fiOO
20 rooms; near Market st 1200
35 rooms; reduced to 650
42 rooms: clears $100 1700
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
• FISHER & CO.. 935 Market; phone Folsom 1312.
j 75 rooms; price $5000 42 rooms; price $3300
j 26 rooms; price 1900 30 rooms: price 2250
| H rooms; handsome: rent only $60; price.. $750
I 22 rooms; elegant: rent only $60; price — $1500
; We have over 300 more, any location, kind
! oi price, at bargains and hurried sales.
• M J. McBRIDE & CO.
1016 Market st.. opp. Fifth st.
56-room house * 25 5?
! 25-room house JJjJ
j 7-room house; rent $25 -*I ]
. Private house, 6 rooms 203
1 THE largest and best list of lodging-houses |
I and hotels can be found at office of
i G W SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
! No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
• SELKCT your house from the. largest list in
I town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
! to $50,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
! LIST your lodging-houses, saloons, groceries,
restaurants, etc., with us. We have buyers
everywhere. Cal. Business Asn.. S65& Market.
I A— 9-ROOM Iodginp-house for sale: central
location. Address box 447S. Call office.
! C3-W— LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
| E64t£ Mission Et.
SPIRITUALISM.
i COME^anTseTcTv. Miller's wonderful seances;
! Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
; to your cpirit friends face to face and recog-
| nlre them; clve names; has received medals
1 from many countries: taken last world's
; record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
! 2275 Larkin st.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY—
Trance business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
' treats cures sick: cancer removed without
! use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis-
; ft. car: sit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
i RF.SCMED busln«ss— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
' the world-rencwned spiritual medium: advice
in all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces.
i deaths; unites the Eenarated: mining a spe-
I cialty: circles Pun.. Wed:. Frl. eve.; letters ,
i answered. Residence fno signs). 33 McAllister.
! LAST circle to-night. 10c; last week here; read-
i Ings and spirit photos. ARNOLD DICKSON,
! 118 Sixth st.
J CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sunday and
; Thursday. 8 p. m. : every one gets a test: pri-
1 vate readings dally. 299 Hyde st.. cor. Eddy.
j JOHN SLATER will hold circle, 25c, to-day 2:45
, sharp. 1SC9 Stcckton st.. near Greenwich .
| JOHN SLATETt— Circles. 25c; Sun.. Mon. Frl.
I eves.. S:15; Wert. aft.. 2:45: sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. & Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
' MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual meeting 8:15 p.
' m.. 10c:brlngsealedquestIcns.305Larkln;take el.
FDWARD EARLE, 3?8 Ellts— Readings dally;
' seance Srn.. Tue5. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601. -
i FRIENDSHIP HpII. '323 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
! j Mever: tMttlnsr" rtallv: te«t to nil to-night. 10c
<nTviRYOYAXTS.
' MME.< V. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS.
' Clairvoyant and buslnera medium, permanently
: l-)cat!d'at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
i reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
: scription of the past, rpve.als the present hap-
penings p.nd portrays everts to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
1 ! happy or not satisfied in life.' or have domes-
1 tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
1 ; medium and you will be told how to overcome
! them. Valuable advice in all affairs of . life;
' ! 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
i A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
j HIGH PSYCIIIST
I He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes.
• j' etc.. without asking a single question: cures
" I disease* without medicine; shows you how lo
• > avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
• I lucky: reunites the separated: makes harmony
1 In your home: gives accurate- ad vice on al!
business affairs: Investments, mining, oil; read-
Ings by mail, send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
! ' KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
" i Mme. Montague, clairvoyant nnd palmist,
gives advice In all affairs of life: gives
! 1 names, facts, figures, with full predictions in
'i all love affairs: not cni> failure; letters ans-
2 j wered. 116 Turk st.. flat 1.
\ MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
| rEedium. Is permanently located at IMC Mir-
, ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
" 16: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
l I anteed by mall: semi stamp for pamphlet
1 with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
s MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
? and future; r«»er fan>: has the greatest Eg».
1 tlan secret: ehows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215Vi Sixth st.
- i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
" I reader, born with double veil— second sight;
s diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 00c;
°S gents $1: palm, and rtalr. Kit.. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
n | ¦
M. W1LLE, crystal se#r. clairvoyant, medium;
- sitttnss dally. S a.m. to 8 p.m.: 50c: English,
''.I German and French spoken. 213 Leavenworth.
f MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium; teacher
palmistry and mind telegraphy: advice on all
business; 4 questions by mall, SI; hr's. 12 to 8.
>. A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst: horo-
,- scopes cast; lessons given, r,0c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth st.. room 22.
>. VP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never falls;
- 25c nnd 50c. 1203 Mission St., cor. Sth.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
- test medium; ".'ic up. 472 Stevenson et.. cor.6th.
MRS. MELVlLL.well-known clairvoyant, watei
reader. 11, Cth;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46
g , — . —
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader
- ladles 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
-1 . ,
Mre.Mallory.elairvoyant card reader; when oth-
- era fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard,
¦e 1
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana,
- only 10c. 262 Minna" st.. near Fourth.
i- MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader an<
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission
r; MME. 6CHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S<4 Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
IME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future, 25c. 10S Sixth St.,
second floor. . -
IME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ad >rtce; names given: 25c up. . 5 Foqrtfr et.
JARPET KEATING AND CLEANING.
VHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
{EATING. 3c; laying. 3c: renovatiife, 5c up; i
work guaranteed. T. R. Co..; phone Scott 1310. |
tUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission Z63.
:ONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave, ; telephone East 126.
iDVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Gutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
:ITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
IARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
NGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
bla'.ns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 41> Suttrr.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
5EORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
I»es successful. Room 310. 927 .Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.'
IICKORY ave., 240, bet. Octavla and Laguna
sts. — Fine cottage, .6 roomi, and stable, 4
stalls; rent $18. £,.?:*. . '_
17— COTTAGE a rooms, bath. Key 711 Treat
avenue. ' j
HETVTISTS.
t— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling 5150;
artihclal teeth,, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, i5 up; a good metal plate $l->;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. j
VT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar- |
kct St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can j
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty ; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; elates, extractions i'ree. $4 50 up; ofr
flee hours, fl a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager
SIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
V— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 ."0: fillings.
50c; plates, $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
*.T Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates^ I
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third flooi. Ex- I
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. j
'ARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. l«ush— |
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
OR. R.L.WALSH.815% Gearv.nr.Larkin— T>a«n-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonepo!kll3"i.
L.OWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlngrs and Sun- |
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. ;
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detecelve Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refrsed. Emma Spreckels building,
rocms 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaklnc & Millinery School—
Clars rates: natterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; courtry orders prompt
attention. 121 Pest, over O'Connor & Moffatt..
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers; new
typewriters; politlons secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.meeh., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. ! Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the'
.Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market St.
High School students— The Weekly Geomptry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of I^lpsic Conserva-
tory; lessons. 75o and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wilting,
etc. ; day or eve. ; S3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 31 Fifth st.
HEALD'S P.uslness College. 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
founded 1RC3: new SO-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both fexes: chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 6, 141 Powell.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC
Electrlc-Chemle medication cures faulty nutri-
tion nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot Mx
130; street work all done; electric cars pass
the. property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance of new Hlirh
School and university. Apply to FRED II.
CLARK, rO3 California St.. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
J APA NESeT and"chlnese"" heTpTf alf ITindT;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Hush 135.
ORPHEtTM Employment Orflce— Japanese. Chl-
neso help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black f,072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42C.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all lcinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WAS'I'HI) KEMALK.
AN Intelligent lady of business • capacity de-
sires position as cashier, bookkeeper In hotel
or as housekeeper; tirst-class reference. Box
3768. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED widow desires position as
housekeeper In family; would like to have boy
• of 10 years with her; references. Box 3S40.
Call.
WANTED — Situation by a middle-aged woman
to do housework; good cook; city or country.
843 Franklin st, Oakland. Red 2433.
WANTED— Situation by a young girl to do sec-
I ond work, sewinu and can teach children
! Spanish and French. 8i3 Franklin st.. Oak-
i land. Red 2433.
A RESPECTABLE young'woman wishes worfc
Saturdays or any other day. Address bo>
3£3t>. Call. - - ¦ ' .
RELIABLE girl wishes situation at genera:
housework and French nnd German cooking
city references. C. L., box 37C5, CalK
TWO Eastern girls desire second or genera
housework. Call at -3142 Howard st.
A COMPETENT waitress and parlor maid oi
second work; wages $23. Call *j'J Mission st.
A WOMAN wishes chamberworfc or genera
housework; wages $20. UV& Minna st.
A CAPABLE young teacher. desires position a;
governess, companion or private instructor ii
good family. Address 1320 Seventh ave., E
Oakland. Cal. _ :
A NORWEGIAN- girl wishes situation as cook
can furnish best of references;, $30 to $35 pe
month. 91CH Bryant st. .
RELIABLE and responsible German womai
desires position fi-i chamber work; no Wa'-h
, ing; no cards. 575 Twenty-second si., OaklO
AN experienced nurse wishes position to car.
for an insane person. Box 3835. Call office.
RELIABLE, competent woman wishes work o
any kind by the day. Call at 937 Mission sc
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 t<
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu;
and baggage to and from ferry. . ¦¦¦.;•-¦ .': '.,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements am
i subscriptions has' been, established at ;'; 109'
Valencia »t. "¦¦•¦:':.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.:
'OSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable
Scandinavian on city or country place as
coachman, gardener and general utility man:
can milk and understands his business thor-
oughly: references. Box 3767, Call.
K. RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place In
the country or stock ranch: good references.
Address T. P., 1519 Howard st.
.VANTED' by an assistant bookkeeper, position
as business manager or manager of an estate:
very best of references furnished. Address
C. J., box 3S37, Call. _ 1 __
fOUNG man, 21 years of age, with good city
references, and understands bookkeeping and
typewriting, would like a position. Address
box-3837. Call. ' '
JENTLEMAN at present employed by large
firm wishes position In small house to do
bookkeeping and general office work; com-
jpetent. J. FOX, 720 Golden Gate ave.
rOUNG married man wishes steady situation,
porter In "Wholesale house, night watchman
or teamster; 9 years In last place; best refer-
ences. . H. M., box 3762. Call. '
.VANTED— Situation by. man and wife; fine
cooks; will take charge of kitchen In. small
hotel, boarding house, or will do. cooking and
choring. Address L. LEWIS, San Pablo, Cal.
3ARBER wanted— Position by man with some
experience; salary not so much an object as
opportunity to improve. Box 3771, Call.
WANTED— !A situation as bill or shipping
clerk; is a good flgurer: can give good refer-
ences. Address box 37C6, Call office.
3OQD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave. .
WANTED— Position; all-round packer. CHAS.
EVANS. 30 Golden Gate ¦ ave. ¦
A. YOUNG man wishes a situation as bartender
In city or country. 305% Mission st.. room 9.
WANTED— Work by plumber's helper; 1 year
experience. Call or address 30 Minna st.
POSITION by young man understanding sten- ;
ography and familiar with the iron and steel
business, both architectural and structural.
_BoxjU7'J, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; is strictly sober and reliable and
can* furnish the best of references. Please
address Gardener, 711 California St., room 10.
SITUATION > wanted in country: has had ex- ?
pe.rience; understands fermenting tanks or j
oil tanks; also mason and cement worker. •
Box 3S52, Call office. ' I
MIDDLE-AGED German with good reference J
wishes-, a position to accompany and take
care of an old gentleman. Address box 3b33,
Call office.
1'OUNG Frenchman wants situation In family
to teach French, German, Dutch and violin;
good treatment preferred to high wages;
country preferred. Address box 24, Call ofllce.
WANTED— By a young man. position as
shipping or billing clerk; 7 years in freight
department of rallrcad. Box . 3S34, Call.
A STRONG young man wishes work of any
kind; willing to work; ex-sailor. Address or
call 2S04 Twenty-first street.
MIDDLE-AGED man, familiar with city, 1
wants to drive and care for 1 or 2 horses.
Box 3779. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by single German gar-
dener; flowers, vegetables and fruit; good j
references. Address 636 Commercial st.. city, j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call, advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
% Vnlenoln st. ¦
FEATHERS HEXOVATED. .
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,1393 Valencla;tel.Capp 26S2.
FLATS TO LET.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st.
A — WANTED at once: tenants for 8 new flats;
now ready. A. M. SPECK. & CO.. 6C7 Market.
A— SUNNY new marine view 8 rooms and
bath. 2414 Van Ness ave., near Union st.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms and bath, yard and
basement. 134 Page st.
LOWER flat, 3 rooms; large yard, stables,
wagon shed. 2 Hayward st., off Harrison.
O'FARRELL, 1929-1935— Modern flats; 3 and 6
rooms, bat'i, yard, basement; reasonable.
FLAT, 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard. 21 De Long
ave.. near Waller st.
MODERN bay-window flat, 8 rooms, 2 kitchens.
Key 417*4 Third st. . ¦
FLAtS TO LET FURNISHED.
$25— CORNER Hat, 7 room*, oath, piano. 2342
McAllister. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FCnVITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S SO. with No. 7
range. Kincr Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WAXTKI).
CAL. Auction Co.. 14C2 Market— Buys, furniture,
merchandise, etc. : phone Jessie 2071.
W. P. BEAUCHAMP, pays best price for furn.
nnd stores. 2 Golden Gate avp.; tel, Jessie 126.
TEL. Jessie- 761 before selling furniture., car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 113.1 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture se?
Golden Gate Auctibn Co., 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLPRRT. 773 Mission Rt., pays highest
price, for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, ISO-". Larkin; tel. Polk 694:
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLtTVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
lllSI.P WANTED — FE3IAL.E!
AT^oTrT H "XnSKx" & CO/ s"!\ .Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses. Southern California. M rate. $25
1 waitress, Los Angeles, free fare $25
2 fancy ironers. one-half rate $'$5
Waitress, St. Helena, fare paid $20
Waitress. Berkeley $20
2 waitresses, Sacramento jj.»
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz ..' $20
Chambermaid, city $17 50
Pantry woman, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress, Auburn, tare paid $20
Waitress, llarin County $20
Waitress, Alameda $2;»
Waitress. Redwood City $20
2 waitresses, Bakersfield, fare paid $2">
2 waitresses, springs $20
Waitress, Sonoma $20
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
. Chambermaid to wait. Niles $20
Plain Ironer, Santa Rosa $10
A launilrpfs, institution $20
Ircners, Pacific Grove, union wages
i Cooks, country hotels, fare paid. .$30, $1 day
Chambermaid to wait. San Rafael $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, Southern California, fare paid. .$25
Ranch cook, rare paid $30
Ilouseglrls. second girls, nurae girls, city and
country, best of wagres.
C. H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. B. DAY..... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, commercial hotel $25
2 waitresses, mountain resort, fare both wavs,
$2u ...;
3 waitresses, different springs $20
12 waitresses, city and country hotels..
$20 and $23
¦ 2 restaurant waitresses $s
Middle-aged chambermaid to wait, country,
$20
5 ehamberamlds to wait SUC
,. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many very choice places,' best wages: first-
I 1 class cook, 2 lri family.ineor city. $25 see
I .i 8^!! 1 !^' MRS - M - E - DAY, 335 Geary st.
I COMPETENT stenographer: one who can got
out 100 form letters ner dav; hours 8 till 6
salary $20 per month. Box 3772, Call office.
GIRL to do plain sewing on' power machine.
Mercantile .Towel Co., . 251. Jessie st.,. neai
Fourth.
GIRL with references as cook; family of !
adults and 3 children. Cell bet. 10 a. m. am
3 p. yi. 2201 Broderlck St., cor. Washingtor
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles tennis gowns
skirts, etc., to take work home. H. -FRIED
LANDER, 23S Fell .st.
GOOD tailoress wanted on custom coats. 931
Market* St., room 16.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply af Chute;
; at 6 o'clock this evening. • . ¦ ."
SMALL girl for light housework; wages $7. 26-
San Carlos ate., near Twentieth, off Mission
WANTED— Bright woman to travel; willing t(
be directed. Box 3777, Call office.
WANTED- Young' girl to assist In genera
houaework. Apply 1632 Post st.
WANTED— A pood finisher on pants; good pav
435 Tehnma st. j
APPRENTICE wanted on vests at 528 Steven
son St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; top floor.
A YOUNG girl to assist in housework. ; Appl:
1G14 Broderlck st.
APPRENTICE on vests; S3 a week to start
7G6 Geary st. .'. . ¦. - v '
A NEAT girl for general housework. 2706 Sac
.. ramento st. ;. before 12 noon. . \ ¦/.'¦_
GIRL' for ¦ cooking ' and ; housework; smal
family; S20.J25. 2520 Green, st. » , ¦;
HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Con. M
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing: $20: call between 8 and 12 a. m. 213 Brod-
erlck st. ¦ '
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
¦ wages $20. 1404 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 2460
• Mission st. ; '
A NEAT German girl for bakery; experienced
preferred. IPS Ninth st. .
GOOD steady finisher on coats. 251 Eighth St..
Oakland.
WANTED— A neat girl for second work; refer-
ences required. Call, bet. 9 and 12, 1724 Bush.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. 347 Bart-
lett St.. bet. 24th and 25th.
YOUNG girl to assist with baby during day. 6
A very St., off Geary, near Fillmore.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
housework. Apply bet. 9 and 12 at 2422 Clay.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at, good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH. California Fruit Canners
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— Middle-aged married woman for
housework and serve at table ; sleep home :
wages $20; references. . Call .between 2:30 and
3:30 p. m. at 517 Buena Vista ave.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted to work on
coats. Apply MIKKELSEN & BERRY'S.
2124 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
SHOEFITTERS— Wanted. experienced table
hands and apprentices. Shoe Factory, 103
i Mission st. " ¦
2 YOUNG ladies, good appearance, good talk-
ers; salary and commission. 24 Montgomery
st. , room S, 9-11 a. in.
! FIRST-CLASS operators, button-hole makers,
finishers on vests. £30 > / 2 Ninth st.
FINISHER on coats; also apprentice: steady
work. Call after 9 a. m. at 354 Geary st.
I GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay St..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
} received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1098
I Valencia st. ¦
i : — —
J *• HELP WA.VTEU-MALK.
j A— MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main 5S4S
I Leading employment and labor agents....
WANT 7 a. m. TO-DAY..
UKIAH '. UKIAH
FREE— FARE —FREE
Cal N. W. Ry : Santa Fe R. R.
FREE- FARE —FREE
WE SHIP DAILY
50 teamsters Ukiah— $2 day
150 laborers and right of way men Uklah I
50 laborers all Dlv. Santa Fe R. R. ..$1 75 day
FREE FARE $1 OFFICE FEE!
MECHANICAL HELP
Rough carpenter for Institution. ..$32 50 & fd
Carpenter, rough work, country $75
Woodworker $2 50 day, gang edgerman
Blacksmith, shop EOc fare $.1 day
2 blacksmith helpers, ranch $35
15 blacksmiths shops, camps and ranches j
Can solderer I
| LABORERS. TEAMSTERS, LUMBER MEN.
j 23 laborers. Electric Power Co.'s Work.. $67 50
10 more laborers, 8 hours work $2 day
10 laborers to cut brush for a large company
$37 CO and found, $125 fare; long Job
5C0 laborers, city and country
j, $175 to $2 50 day
' 10 laborers, dig sewers; long Job. $2 day
25 teamsters, new work $2 and $2 25 day
10 teamsters, 90c fare 12 day
10 lumber pilers, sawmill company.. $35 and fd
20 men pile lumber in yards $60
Crosscut sawyers, bark peelers, drillers
J2 5d day
AGRICULTURAL MISCELLANEOUS
15 farmers, steady jobs $25 and $30
67 hay press men and harvest hands
j $1 50 to $2 50 day
I 5 teamsters, large ranch.. 6 choremen and boys
I 2 milkers, north, $S3; 17 milkers, different
dairies. $30 to $40; stableman and drive, $50:
stableman, small place ..$25 and found
Bakery wagon driver, country.. $33 and found
Boys for factories, $4 and $5 week; middle-
aged man drive cars, country
Butchers and drive wagons near city
$25 and $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC
15 cooks, city and country, chef and second
cook, same place, $100 and found; tamale
maker: second bakers, country, $25 and $30;
3 ranch cook?; $20 and $23; 2 camp waiters;
cltrk for bakery; 7 waiters, country; milk
wagon -driver, city; cabin boy, $25 and found;
colored second cook for a boat, $30 and found.
SPECIAL TO-DAY FARE PAID
23 men to cut 4-foot, wood for a mine — $130
cord, tools and provisions .furnished
nee boss here to-uay
4-horse teamster, same company
$45 ar.d found; fare paid
MURRAY & READY U34-636 Clay st.
A— MAN and wife for a small orchard near
city $43 and found; easy Job.
Working foreman, small farm; see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C3G Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work Railroad work
TtFor new railroad work, Bakersfield
30 four-horse teamsters $2 23
20 two-horse teamsters $2
20 trackmen and laborers $2 25 and $2
For Nevada
100 teamsters and laborers $2
For Truckee ..:.
1 50 teamsters and laborers Free fare
For Uklah
100 teamsters and laborers $2
• For Chatsworth Park
j 100 drillers, muckers and laborers $2, $2 50
j For Santa Fe System
: 20 laborers, section work ...$175
i Free fare Free fare
! 10 lumber pliers, country sawmills, $35; 20
I sawmill laborers. $2C; planerman. country,
j $50; blacksmith for summer resort. $13 and
j fare paid; 6 blacksmiths, country, $2 50 to $S;
| 2 carriage painters, $40 to $50; farmers, milk-
ers, choren^en and others. •
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Broiler, hotel. $45; second ccoks, broilers and
fryers. $."0 to $60; dlsliwftshers. pot washers
and vegetablemen, $30 and $25; 6 porters, $20
and $25; German clerk for lodging-house, $35.
• Shirt polisher, hotel laundry, country, $40
and found; 2 lroners, country, $40.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
THIRD cook, country hotel, fare paid. $35.
\ C, R. IIANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
' AN experienced railroad conductor, private
1 j boat, see party here, regular wages; a nioun-
' i tain teamster. $90 a month.
; j C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
1 ! 2 HOTEL cooks. ?30 and !40: second cook. $35;
I hotel waiter for country, $30; waiter for cot-
! fee saloon, $10: waiter, $10 week, and many
[ others. J. F. CROPETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
, memo st.
[ YOUNG stenographer, and typewriter, $23; 4
milkers, $30; farmers. $25 and $30; laundry-
man and wife. $30; woodchoppers. $1 75 cord.
6 teamsters, $2 25 day; 2 teamsters, $3 to
J $3 50 day: 2 men about place, $20 and $30 and
found; sheephenler. $25 to $30; milk wagon
driver, $C0; choremen anil others. J. F.
, CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
' AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
¦ £9 Third St., nr. Call bldp. ; phone Bush 403.
! 50 railroad laborers for Uklah, free fare.
FREE FARE
6 harvest hands. $2 a day and board.
5 lumber pliers. $35 a month and board.
3 men to feed hay press. $3 to $4 a day.
j '20 laborers, f 2 a day. 8 hours, i
5 teamsters. $1 25 per day ond board.
• 2 milkers, $30 per 'month, 25 cows.
3 rough carpenters. $2 CO per day.
2 men for surface work, mine, $2 per day.
y 3 miners, compressed air drills. $3 23 per .day.
. 10 sawmill men. $2 per day.
:, :...Half fare advanced
, — , .
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.
I 50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
0 free fare; 50 laborers, lumber mill, ship Fri-
day: 20 laborers. 20 teamsters, $2 25. fare
1 $120; floor man for horseshoe shop, $2 50.
e BOY to drive butcher wagon, $15, room, board
1 and washing: young choreman for country,
t light' place, $15, see lady here.
; MRS. M. E. DAY :...335 Geary st.
. "A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Yardman, country. $30; 2 colored waiters. $30.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman.' second and third bread
3 bakers: also Confectioners; good pay; perma-
I nent positions. 127 Mason st.
- JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unlon-
'. I Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
- WANTED — Driver, for bakery wagon: must be
5 sober, reliable man and ' know the city. Call
between 9-11 o. hi. and 2-1 p. m. at stationery
" store, 13S Ninth st. ' •
BOY for composing r"oom. morning paper; onf
T. with experience preferred. Apply betweer
j* 2:30 and 4 p. in., 217 Stevenson st. ¦
A PERSON of average business tact to keer
0 books and attend to an office business whi:
_ »., will invest about $600. Address box 3761, Call.
WANTED — Restaurant chef cook, .cooks, wait-
_ . ers. -waitresses and dishwashers; . register at
f, -once: no fee. 127 Mason st. .
WANTED— Experienced coal miners. Appl)
,. DR. C. C. : O'DONNELL. 1021»4 Market St.",
between Sixth and Seventh. .
y GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. &27 Suttei
street. : "
Z A CUTTER wanted; has to be a tailor; call ai
once. Box 3946. Call, of flee. •
:- MEN' to distribute, circulars. Apply HALL &
•-' . GRIM,; 14 McAllister St., 7 a. m. , . .
II WANTED— Good barber for Wednesday, Satur-
day ar.d Sunday., 504 Valc-ncla St.," near 16th
WAXTEp~3IALE--Con.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions nt $60
monthly secured after sight weeks' practice:
two years' ' apprenticeship saved; examina-
tions and diplomas- given free; complete out-
fit of tools donated; wages while learning;
more calls for our graduates than can be sup-
plied: call or write at once for free catalogue
and special offer. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Ciav st. -^
AMBITIOUS man to collect industrial insur-
ance route. Apply J. REINDERS, bet. 8 and
9 am. or 3 and 6 p. m.. rms. 17-20, Donahue
bldk-
BOY about 16 or 17 years old to assist In bar-
room at 2340 Magon st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 535 Post st.
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman for city or
country; must give bonds. Box 3S38, Call. -
BOY wanted, 17 years old. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st
WANTED— A waiter ' and man to work in
kitchen. IS Eddy st. •
WANTED— First-class chef cook. Box 3775.
Call office. ,
COOK, an all-around man. 29 Fourth »t.
UNION barber wanted for Wednesday. Satur-
day and Sunday. 626 Fourth st. •
GOOD barber for Wednesday afternoon, Satur-
day and Sunday. 514&- Third st.
WANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay st.
PRESSMAN. BUSH. Call 565 Geary «t.
DISHWASHER wanted;. $15. 163 First St.
FOR sale-2-chalr barber shop. 122& East 8t.
UNDERPREFSER on pants wanted by S. N.
¦ WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary at.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563" Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
ATTENTION— Wanted men at once to learn
the baiber trade; in 8 weeks we make you a
journeyman barber: we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 1C0 applications for help we offer tul-_
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege. 741 Howard Et.
.WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
' S. navy: ablebodied. unmarried men of'good
character, between the ages of 21 and So; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BARBERS, attention— The proprietor of the
shop at 105 Fourth st. having failed to keep
regulation hours journeymen who accept em-
ployment there are hereby notified that they
will be barred from working in all 10c shops
conducted by members of the Pacific Coast
.Barbers' Association. L. M. G1LLETT, Pres.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo. Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9223.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 13f) large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Sober, steady German as driver for
bakery wagon: must have experience; good
wages;" state former employment. Box 3875,
. Call office. .
SHOEMAKERS wanted; experienced stock fit-
ter; also man to run rounder. Apply fore-
noon shoe factory, 103 Mission st.
WANTED — A young university graduate who
understands stenography. Apply MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay s*.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. EULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
- *
GOOD carpenter wanted. 556-33 Brannan st
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59
Columbian building.
QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery s=t.
CARRIAGE painter 'wanted. Railroad and
Fifth aves., South San Francisco.
SNAP — 2-chalr barber shop for sale for $30 on
account of sickness. 6S8 Fourth st.
BARBER for every Saturday evening and Sun-
day. 1203 Fillmore st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap. 713
Mission st.
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to SOc. SG3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2c! sts.
LOO MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per j
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis at. }
GOOD strong boy wanted for publishing house.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay &t.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 211 Third st.
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438. Call office.
SAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. t HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTEDVoCO men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms. 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office. 22CO Fillmore st. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
j subscriptions has been established at 1096 ]
} Valencia st.
! HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
case* will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarlum.- 230 Douglas St.. San Franclsw.
HOUSES TO LET.
j A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
j cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
i HORSES AM> AVA«O.\S.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
I HORSE. J20; horse. $.10; large horse, $60; buggy,
$30; cart. $10. SI City Hall ave.
i 40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
i pacers. 721 Howard st.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Week".}- Call.
| 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
nORSKS WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper job: four
or Hve months' work. Apply at 2S Montgom- I
ery i-t.. room 25.
. LOST AXU FOUXD. '
LOST— Gentleman's gold watch; suitable re-
ward. 2200 California St.
LOST— Pair eyeglasses in morocco case; re-
ward. Return to 802 Ellis «t.
LOST— Lady's diamond-studded gold watch
marked MINNIE HOWELL. Liberal reward
for Its return to Hughes House. 214 Third St.,
this city, or Rushvllle, Illinois.
LOST— White English setter bitch with lemon
ears; liberal reward. 1319 Masonic ave.
FOUND — Purse In telephone office at ferry.
Owner can have same by applying at 1918
Jackson st.
FOUND — Small sum of money. Apply 216!i
Dorland st.
Wanted — Old gold (or manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IB pages, sent to any address In th»
United States cr Canada one year for $L
MEDICAL.
A—RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results, promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; ;.U clasr« s of le*-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
help3 the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific method* guar-
a nteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
Etant relief for all female complaints; tho
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers 'helped; no
delay: consult free. MRS. DR." KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS DR. WYETH has removed from Post »t.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladies' specialist; 24
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office: any ailment: private home for patients
before and during confinement: low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned: my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. HIS Market, nr. Mason.
Dr and Mrs. Davles, 122S Market: our regulator
Is a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
' HINDOHERB AND MRs! DE~ DA VIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
Ekln diseases. NW cor. G. G.ave. & Fillmore.
SAN VRA.y CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Tall, corner of Market and Third streets: epen
vr'.'.l :2 o'clock every nlcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m-
f» McAllister street; open until 3:30 p. m.
f!3 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3S« Mission street: open until 10 p. m-
rr« Market street, corner Sixteenth: op«n
tntll 9 p. m.
10C Eleventh ftrret: open until 8 P- »•
1CS6 Valencia Ktreet: open until » P- ™- ~
Northwest corner Twenty-second ana *en
trrky rtrects: open until 9 p. m.
2200 rnirr.ore ftreet: open until » P- m -
MEETIXG XOTICES.
CROCKETT Lod>«"xo." 139. F. and A. M. ¦
D. 2d. THIS EVENING. July 24 at 7.30^*^
o'clock. By order of the W. M. 7'^N
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec'r- /^ r
EXCELSIOR I^odRe No. 166. F. and A. ¦
M. Called meetinp THIS (WEDNES- J\^
DAY) EVENING. July 24, at 7 o'clock Jt^
fharp. Third degree. By order of the ' "^ J
VP. M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MIPSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'c'.ork. Third de- TLX
grec. R. E. ALLAN, Sec'y. '^r A
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O.
F. will initiate THIS < WEDXES- 4£dZZ53fe:
DAY) EVENING four candidates.
Vifitir.R brothers are cordially in-
vited to attend. L. A. O. HOFFMAN,
Recordi ng Secretary.
MORSE I>?dpe No: 257. I. O. O. F. <M£iiHi^fc
—Initiation THIS 'WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. July 24. All members -^JHW^
are requested to be present. Vis- '**¦*
uors cordially invited.
J. H. BRAMSTEDT. X. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
NATIONAL L'NION. Call- >i^CCTTgp?*v
fnrnia Council, meets v^ggg2£S- : &»>
TO-NIGHT *t Pioneer
Hall. Fourth strpet. at
S o'clock <in its new hal!>. Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEX. Secretary. ¦
PACKERS. Porters nnd Warehousemen's Pro-
tective T'nlon No. S5S5. Members are hereby
notified that a summons meettn* will be held
at 117 Turk Ftreet. WEDNESDAY. July 24.
st J o'clock. P.rinc vour due cards. By order
of THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — Th<«
r .l,ove association will hold its reirular annual
vicnic en SUNDAY. August 4. 1901, at Shell
Moun<" Park Berkeley. Very valuable sate
I rizrs are to be given, including a Domestic
e<-wins machine.
ANNUAL meeting— Tho Risdon Iron and Loco-
mr-tfve Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the e'ectton of trustees for th*
ensuing year ard the transaction of euch
other businoeff. as may be brought before the
rneetinp -nil! be hel.1 at the office of the com-
j-any. eovlheaft corner of Beale and Howard
sts., San Francis-i. on MONDAY, the 5th
day cf August. 1301. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
»h» stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at the office of the company. 327
Market ft.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
r?*h day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for
ihe purpose of electing a board of directors
to «*rve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action c.f such other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will
close on Friday. .Tuiv Jfi. ijni. at 3. p. m.
W H. HANXAM. Secretary.
i l
AGENTS WANTED.
PERMANENT position awaits a pood sales-
man: nuEt cam more than $100 per month:
an er-school teacher, insurance, typewriter
or book salesman preferred. Pacific News- :
paper Union. 927 Market et.. F>. F. j
ADOPTION. j
INFANTS adopted Into good homes. MRS. i
DR. FfNKE 141« Eighth St.. Alameda. J
ASI'HALTUM KOOKIXG. j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- j
paired: postal. 1135 Mission: tel. Folscm 1607. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces prl\-ate bankruptcy; col- j
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; .
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn;fees low;ooen '
eve's. THUH6TON. 100S4 Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th. j
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; !
no fee without success; collections. G. W. |
HOWE, auy at law. S30 Market. cor.Stockton. j
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. S.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., rooms 28-29.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. P27 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAP.K. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Marl j
ket Ft.: consultation fr^e: no fees in advance, j
n0AItm\O POIt CHILDREN.
TWO or three children to board; good home
and mother"* care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 !
California it.
CHILD to board: age from 3 to S: can give j
iffere:i. c Hoy 2277. Call office. Oakland. i
BOOKS NEW A3TS OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeV Red~aSs.
HOLMTCS nOOK CO.. 704-7WS-70S Mission st.
1 ' I
niSIXESS CHAXCES. ;
A— $60P; SALOON, established many year^Ta j
<*holcwt business part of this city; low rent; !
investigate at once and you will find a first- i
rla«s levins business. Call R. G. WILKE. j
2fi't Keamy st.
A— flOCO; GEXEBAL merchandise store, with i
coal and h»y yard, across the bay: estab- '
lished many years and doing a splendid busl- !
ness. Call H. G. WILKE. 2G»,i Kearny r,t.
A— S?fiO: SAIXX1N*. with 4 furnished rooms. 4th !
ari'l Market sts.; net rent $22: rare chp.nce: 1
bargain. Call It. G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny st. |
A-$2SC0: STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee 1
notions, w.th laundry route and route of all J
P. F. dRllles. across the bay. or will sell
paper an<l iHundrv routes for $1500. Particu- ¦
lars R. G. WILKE. 2»i'j Kearny Ft. j
A— $1100; HALF Interest, saloon on Kearny. St.. i
clearing t',r*i iwr month; lease: rare chance. •
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— Sir.OO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one >
block south ol Market St.: daily receipts from
$:*) up: clcarirc al>out $400 per month; a rare
ohancg. Ca!l It. G. WILKK. 26i* Kearny et.
A— tl2.V>; OOIUClSn transfer saloon In the very
liest location: established 10 years; rent $10;
death In tarcily cause of sale and a great sac-
rlfice. See R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $1500; KIRST-CLASP in prices and first-class
paying restaurant rlose to Chronicle building;
fome. investigate and you will find a splen-
did investment. Ca!! R. G. WILKE. 26'.i
Kecrny st. .
CANDY Ftore; «. rooms; rent $15 $100
Candy store ; J400
Saloon $550
Saloon and grocery store
Restaurant and chonhouse $200
To buy. sell, exchange anything we can
suit you.
M. J. McBRIDE & CO..
1016 Market St.. opposit* Fifth.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 candy Here*. 300 grocer-
ies ar.d liars. 4r>0 saloons. ">C0 bakeries. 600
rtores cf all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose front: <-nI! in ar.d see wnat we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. £38 Market.
A— $350 SALOON; transfer cor.; otd established;
receipts $]:, day; 4 rooms: rent $39.- sacrifice
account oth<r l-usines*. STRAND & CO.. 209
1-Ieamy st.
J2.-.0— CORNER saloon: good paying business-
trial given. MCLAUGHLIN' & CO.. 777U
Market rt;
CORNER erocery business for sale in San
of i"sih of owner and to close 'he estate
wiUTjell at a bargain; a snap for ai*y one de-
sirinc- to co Into the grocery business; late
owner accumulated quite a nice estate In
present location: jiremi«es can be had for as
lnngr »s desired and cottage f Or dwelling
pionpslde belongs to estate, all of whl-h can
be leased for period of -years at low rent
For further particulars inquire of J R
CHACE. Zi N. 1st st.. San Jow?. Cat.
$300— A CHANCE he very seldom offers; acu~-
. ratessen and lur^ii rooms: rent $12; living
rooms rncluded; daily receipts about $15- no
opposition. Particulars U'J) Folsom st. in
cigar factory.
$400— PARTNER with reynectable lady In well
paying restaurant; advertlxer Is practical -
prefers iwrtner to hired help. 323 Kearnv
rt., rcotn 4.
HOTEL— 30 rooms; newly furnished; prosperous
interior city: oommen-lal patronage; rent $145
Further particulars of the Railway Hand-
Book Publishing- Co.. 20 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Half interest In blacksmith shOD
4400 Mission st. •
tdiO— RESTAURANT for pale: good patronage*
low rent. Box 3770, Call office.
SMALL photogTaplj gallery for sale; reason-
able. Box S773. Cill office.
FOR sale— Branch bakery cheap; good, paying
place. S2S Hayes st.
SHOOTING gallery with flat of 4 furnished
roomg for sale. Box 3778. Call office. -. -.,•-.
SALOON for sale opposite the ferry; rare
chance. Ill East St., north of Market.
NOTE— A corner saloon in a f~ood location for
sale at a bargain. Including- building: and fix-
tures. 400 Townsend st. : no agents.
DELICACY store; must be sold or tjlven away;
• I livin.' roome; rent |18. 135 VaJencla^t}.
MATHIMOXIAL.
UE.NT1.EMES wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send 10c for latent list. MBS.HF.RTZ. 7CS Kill*
MATTRESSES A.M» PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. *¦
M1A^A>I) MIXING.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
EXCURSION PARTY RETURNING.
We are notified by wire that our California
shareholders and others are returning from
their visit of inspection to the copper and
coal mines of the Montezuma Mining Com- .
pany near Fairfax. 'Washington, where they
have been for the past two weeks.
THEY ARE UNITED in expressions of ap-
proval as to mines, progress of development
and management.
The excursion to Montezuma mines was a
success In every particular and another Is
being planned. Property and management
that bear the tests, as Montezuma has been
submitted, to. have the confidence of a
thoughtful and Investing public. The forth-
coming report of the president will be an in-
teresting: and conservative document.
PRICES' UNTIL AUGUST 1ST.
Cash price. 13c per share.
Installment price, 17c per share.
INSTALLMENT TERMS.
! - 500 Shares, $10 00 down and $3 00 monthly.
10CO Shares, $10 CO down and $3 00 monthly.
20CO Shares. $20 00 down and $15 00 monthly.
30CO Shares. $30 00 down and $20 CO monthly.
f.000 Shares, $40 00 down and $23 CO monthly.
Larger lots at proportionate rates.
Ask for prospectus and learn what these
shares offer as an investment.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Selling Agents.
310 Safe Deposit bldg.. San Francisco. Cal.
EXCEPTIONAL MINING OPPORTUNITY.
Capita) is needed to work ore In a group of
thoroughly developed gold mines of large ex-
tent and undoubted value; tunnels, shafts
and drifts already completed expose, vast
. bodl^B of valuable ore on the mother lode:
no hoisting or pumping: free water rights;
cash required, $20,C00, for which a liberal In-
terest in the mines will be given: Immense
incomes are derived from neighboring mines
on the same lode. 321 Phelan bldg. -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States* or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 102L 1C23
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED Great Danes and St. Ber-
nards, setters, cockers, dachshunds, fox,
Scotch, skye, Yorkshire, silver and bull ter-
riers. Remember the College Kennels ha*
dogs on hand of all kinds; my stock is guar-
anteed. 115 Haight at.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$150: 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes. 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators: 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material. lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co., 1611 Market st.
A— $3 30 DEREY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Three black and tan dogs. 713 Mis-
j slon st. ¦
I MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
KIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
F«»R sale— Fine collection minerals and coin.*.
1U6G>4 Howard «t.
B-VR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
i 'D-HAXD machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
I rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
i SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
i WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
' ENGINES and boilers: second-hand mat-hln-
j ery. J. BURKE. 129 Beale st.
I FAIRBANKS" 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 36 Bluxome.
MA.GIC lahterns. new and 2d-hantl moving pic-
tures. BL'LLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address In the
ITnite.l States or Canada one year for il.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WA>TS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MOJIBY TO LOAX.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market. St..
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
Interests in estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranch«s: if your property is
! mortgaged anil you need more money, don't
I fail to see me; lowest rates; quickest setUe-
' ments; financial problems of all sorts an-l
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY. <v»
Market st.
AA-MANIIATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$3GO,coo at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City &
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & ser-uritiea. Loan-
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests lit
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT..
First, second end third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; dr>
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
! ANY proposition, any amount; < per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and m.n'n*
interests: corporation loans. R. 16. 1st fioor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
; $25 000 IN" trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhero.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
' LOWEST ratss on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party no removal: no commission; conflden-
; tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
: ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
' quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
: age: reliable party. 1170 Market »t.. room M.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
[ watche- Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
• highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
> I ONE per cent on furnltnre: $5 a month on each
' I J10CO: any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. L
1 MONEY loaned salaried people withouc security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct'; furniture, pianos: no removal:
i low rate: 6trictly private. Lick, 11$ McAllister.
: Z% on furniture and pinnos: J:J up: no removal:
no commission: private. Room SI. S Eddy st.
" ! ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. 5.
: ; F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan bulldins.
' LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
JlCP.r.co TO loan on real estate or for building;
T , low rate. 122 Sansome »t.. room 2.
; THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
. ! 321 Parrott bulldfng. . ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
• ' Indorser. MORRELL. 009 Examiner building.
'. CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
[ , Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th-j
United States or Canada one year for II.
VTTENTION.'¦Mary *A.;NicoI .(widow) .to Isabelle NIcol, lot
on SE corner of and" Adeline
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. C. Toudy (by James XJHleran. Superintend
ent of Streets) to C. A. Meade, lot on N line
of Bush "street, 95 W of Franklin, W 25 by
N 60; $8.
C. A. Meade to J. C. , Toudy, same; $200.
Lydla E. Lockyear (Trumbo) (or Emma
Trumbo) to Howard • Trumbo. lot on SE cor
ner of Sutter and Octavia streets," E 25 by S
110, to*confirm deed dated. April i, 1883, quit
claim deed; $10.
G. B. Finocchio to Edward Deleani. lot on
W line of Octavia street, 75 S of Union, S
31 by W 72; $10.
Francis X., John -P., Alphonsus L., Annie
L., William A., Margaret E. and Charles V,,
Morris to Otto F. Grundel, lot on N line of
O'Farrell street, SO W of Devisadero, W 43
by N SO;, also all interest in estate of Mary
Morris, No. -20,0«l; |276O.
Margaret Torpey to Michael Torpey, lot pii
E line of Lyon .street, ICO N of Grove, N <25
by. E-121:10M.; gift.- • . ; . .' . . •. ,.:-
John L. Harrison to Paul Shidlo. lot on ¦ E
line of Cole street, 57:6 Sof Frederick, S 30
by E -80; J10.
Christopher Specht to Margaretha E. Specht,
lot on N line -of Camp street, 110:6 E of Guer
rero, W 26 by N 99:4; gift.
George L. .Carroll (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to HIbernia Savings and .Loan
lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 130 E of
Noe, E 130 by S ,230; lot on NW corner of Noe
and Valley streets, W &60 by N 228;. also lot
on SW corner of Nee and Valley streets, W
560. S 228. E «5, N 61:6. E 105, N 176:6; $45,000.
¦Frederick P. and Lovilla H. Stone to Joseph
ine S. Railton (wife of H. E. A.), lot on E line
of Dolores street, 150 : S of Twenty-fourth, S 50
by E 125; .gift.
Alliance Building and .Loan Association to
Mary C. Fltzpatrick, lot on N ;line of Twenty
ninth street, 1E0 E of Church, E 23 by N 114;
51SC0.
D. Maclean to Jane G. Maclean, undivided }£
of -lot on W line of Dolores street, 160 N of
Twenty-third, N 35 by W 117:6; gift. ¦
Annie A. and Michael J. Lynch, Dennis J.
and Mary E. Dailey and Catherine A. Garvln
to Moritz Bilv<erman and M. Siminoff, lot on SE
corner of Pacific and Powell streets. E 22:8
by S 67:6; -$10.
Minna Cline to Martin .S. Cline. lot on N line
of Sacramento street, 91:6 W qf Powell, W 23
by N 137:6; gift. .
Rebecca Irwin to William Meinberg. lot on
N line of Vallejo street, 162:6 E of Hyde. E 43:3
by N 137:6; $10.
Frank P. Mannix'to ; John Mannlx, lot on SE
line of Mission street. 503:4^4 SW of Fourth,
SW;34s>H'2.by SE 160: ?10. ¦ -.. : -. .
John and. John K. Mannlx and Mary L. Jones
to Bertha A. Behlqw, same; $10.
Lena H. LQlor to Alfred I. Coffey, lot on SE
corner of Bryant street, 27:6 NE of Langton,
NE 25 by SE 90:6: 510. .
San Francisco Land Company (corporation)
to John Morchio Jr.. lot on W line of Tenth
.avenue. 225 ;S of .California street, S 25 by W
J.20; UO. .- ' ¦• :
Solomon. and Dora Getz to Thomas and Har
riet. M. Lynch, lot 12, .block B, Getz Addition to
Lakeview; J150. '¦ '/
Reinhard Schumacher to Sophia Wigand, lots
3S2 to 884, Silver Terrace Homestead; $10.
Annie and William E. .Dean to John Wyllie.
lot on SE-line of-Chenery street, 443:3Vs NE of
Miguel. NE 1S:11%, NE -6:0%. SE 89:11. SW
46:1%, NW. 84:5,. Block 16, Fairmount ; : ?10.
Alameda County.
H. B. and L. Belden. ind E. .P. and
¦Elizabeth Cook to Ar.dy L. : Stojie, lot 9, block
F Map Clinton Mound Tract, Oakland; $10.
Andy L. Stone (married) to E. B. & A y L.
Stone Co. (a corporation), all interest In same;
$10. ' ' '
' Llllie F. and D.'jF. Oliver to J. C. . Petersen,
all interest in lot on :SW line of East Twenty
second street. -443:9% feet:SE.of Twenty-second
avenue,. SE 40'by SW 150 feet, being apportion
of block, G, Map Fifty Associates Tract, Oak
land; $10.
>B. iKelsey-to -Mrs. C. -Kilkeary (wife of
Michael ,F.),^S 12:6 feet of lot .10 and N one
half of lot 11," block 26, : Beaudry- & -Pelade.au
Tract, -plat 41, Kellersberger's IVIap, Oakland;
J5. " r'-s "" ' ' '¦-!"¦ '¦ •
' Agnea E. Gardner (widow) and Minnie and
Clarence H. Vaughan to "H.» J.' and "W."E.
Bqulres. all interest In lot on the S line ofVina
street. 149:7 :feetW of 'Walnut. "W 20 by S 100
feet, being a portion of block 5, subdivision of
block 5, Antisell Tract, Berkeley; $10. i .
Judson and Catherine Wheeler to George M.
.Robertson, -lot 9, -block 3, Map Wheeler .Tract,
' Berkeley;, $650. ' - ¦ \ '¦"¦('•
Earll H.' and Sadie C.Webb to George M.
Robertson, beginning at the - NW corner of lot
8, block ;3, "E 133.44, S 15, W i parallel with N
line of lot 8 to E line of Hawthorne .Terrace,'
N along said line to beginning, being "N- portion
of lot 8, -block -3, Map ¦ Wheeler -Tract, Berkeley,
$203. • ¦¦ ':."•. -....'-..
Amy Hammond to Fannie Weber, all Interest
in lots 14 to 16,.and :W:25;feet of Iotsl7.and 18,
Jjlock 149, Oakland; $10.
Julia ¦ L. Taylor (Moore) to j Cora F. Kosclal
owskl (wlfe'of P. -L.), lots . 82 ¦ and : 83/ map'
Academy : Homestead," except -the., lot -formerly
given > to -vFlora M. Hildebrand . — d — and per
sonal property,'. Oakland; gift. ¦ . . ¦" ". , ;
.TUESDAY, July 23—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask 4 .BId.Ask.
Alpha .04 C£ rustice 08 C9
Alta" ...'. 05 Of Me'ntuck ". 01 03
Andes .:........ C3 W Lady : Wash..... 01 —
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 15 ,1&
Best .&. Belcher 13 19 Occidental 03 Go
— 02 Ophir 68 69
Caledonia 38 41 Overman :15 16
Challenge Con.. 39 41;Potosl ..07 09
Chollar -08 09 Savage OS 09
Confidence 1 50 1.55 Scorpion ....... — .04
Con Cal <fc Va..2 00.2 05 Seg Belcher...'. 02 03
Con Imperial... -01 02 SJerra Nevada. 16 17
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill.".....' 30 32
Crown Point... 10 list Louis •.."'08 —
Eureka .Con.... OS —Standard.. 3 35 3 65
Exchequer..... — 02 Syndicate ...... , 05 07
Gould & Curry. 13 .14 Union Con...... 13 14
Hale. & Nor -21 :22,TJtah 02 04
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. < 27 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
500 Belcher 11 50 Confidence 1 35
500 Belcher 10 500 Crown Point... 10
200 Best & Belcher 19 .200 Crown Point... 11
5uo liest & Belcher 18 200 Gould & Curry. 13
700 Challenge Con.. 34 2C0 Hale & Nor 22
100 Challenge Con.. 33 200-Mexican W
1200 Challenge Con.. 32 '50 Ophir -68
SCO C C-.& Va....2 02% .800 Yellow Jacket.. 23
50 Confidence 1 4tt 1200 Yellow.Jacket.. 24
¦ • / Afternoon Session. •
300 Andes 03 50 Confidence 150
300 Best & .Belcher 19 SCO Con Imperial... 02
200 Challenge. Con.. 34 200 Gould & Curry. 12
1000 Challenge Con.. : 35 300 Hale & Nor.... 22
200 Challenge Con.. ,38 600 Justice OS
600 Challenge Con.. 39 ,200 Ophir 69
600 Choltar ...'.. : 08 300.Potosl :... 08
200 CC & -Va:...2 02% 200 Sierra. I Nevada. ' 17
100 Confidence 130 500 Yellow Jacket.. 27
300 Confidence — J-45
Mornins: Session,
The -following were .the .sales .in Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
200 Best & Belcher 19' 300 Confidence 1 40
200 Challenge Con.. 34- 100 Hale & Nor 22
1000 Challenge Con.. 3d : 600 Justice 07
300 Chollar x 08 300 Occidental 04
300 Con Cal & Va..2 UOi • I- .-•
Afternoon Session.
, ¦ Mornins Session.
300 Belcher 10! 100 Confidence 1 30
1Q00 Challenge Con.. 34 ;1GOO Justice ......... 07
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock. and Exchange Board yesterday:
Heroins seasion-r-No sales.
Afternoon Session.
Board — " ' " '
1 Hanford 98 00 •
500 Lion • • • '•" • 10
200 Oil City , 27
100 Four Oil • 37
2C0 Four Oil 38
1000 Junction : 09
100 Sterling 1 22'i
. MINING STOCKS.
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
Board— . -
100 Monarch of Arizona ¦ -22
Street— . ... . :
,25 Kern ¦¦¦•'¦ ¦ B 2a
Afternoon Session. .
Board—
200 Four .37
50 Home :..: 3 10
1000 Independence 11
600 Junction ....... — .¦.....¦-.• 10
750 Occidental of West Virginia 35
700 Petroleum Center ; 02
"•'113 San Joaquin" Oil & Dev 7 50
1 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 00
TUESDAY, July 23— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. BId.Ask.
4s quar coup. ..113 113V4 4s qr c (new).138V4133
4s quar reg 113 11314 3s quar coup.. 109 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Cp P C 53.106 108 Oceanic SS 5s. 101% —
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 6s.l25 —
C C Water os.107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100 I
Ed L & P 6s.l2SV_133% Pk & C H 6s.l06 —
Fer & Cl R 6i.H7^ — Pk & O R 63.117 —
Geary-st 5s. .7. — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5&S.106U — Sac EGRSs.-. —
Do 5s... — 102% S-F & SJV as.120 —
Los Ang R 5s. 115% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — — ¦
L A Light 6a. — 102 . S P of C 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 111% —
Do gntd 5s..lO3 — (1910) 112% —
L A & Pac 5s.lOO%102V2 S P of C 6s .
Do 1 c m 5s.l02% — (1905), Ser A. — 10«i
Mkt-st Cab as.125% — (1S05) Ser B.109%110%
Do 1 c m 5s. 123^124% (1906) 112%1U
Nev C N G 7s. 105 114 (1912) ........120% —
Nor R Cal 6s.ll2 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — cp gntd 5S...107 —
Nor Pac C 6c. 100% — S P Br Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s — 106 S V Water 6s. 113% —
NorRCaloc.llO 113 Do 4s 103 104
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do -4s 3d m.. 101 103
Do Trans 6s.ll7 118 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. — 103 ' '
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 78 [Spring Valley. 86Vi .87
Marin County. 50 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC. "
Cent L & P... 4 — |Pac Light .... 45. 47%
Equitable ....:. 4% 5% Sacramento .: — —
Mutual 4% - S F G & E 44% 45
Oakland ' 50% 50% i San Francisco. . 4& -4%
Pac Gas Imp. 43% 44 I Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.335 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77%— 1L P & A. .....150 —
California 404— Mer Ex (Uq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National. 127% — •
First Nationl.,305 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1310 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 575 —
Mutual Sav ..50 — Union Trust. J.60O . —
San Francisco.520 525
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 OSL4 H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio" 3o —
Market 74U 74%
POWDER. ,
Giant 76%— (Vigorlt » 3%
- , SUGAR. '
Hana 6U 7 Kilauea 16% 17
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell — 33
! Honokaa 16%— Onomea. ....... 22 -•
Hutchinson ... 17% 17% Faauhau 22% 23%
¦ MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. .. 13O%132% Oceanic S Co.. — 65
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 Pac Aux FA. 2- —
Cal Wine Asn. 99%101 Pac C Borax..lfo —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
Mornlnr Session. • . . .
Board— '¦ „„ „_
85 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 ia
50 Makaweli 32 50
10 Market-street Railway 74 2»
100 Paauhau S P Co, s SO 23 00
23 Paauhau S P Co, s 90 23 CO
10 Spring Valley Water .' 87 00 .
Afternoon Session.
' Board—
20 Centra Costa Water 77 60
,515 Giant Powder Con t .....77 00
SO Hutchinson S P Co 17 25
70 Makawell ••>••— 32 50
35 Market-street Railway i* 2a
100 Paauhau S P Co , 23 e«
i S F Gas & Electric Co 44 75
95 Spring Valley Water J 86.50
?20 U S 3s bonds (coup) 1Q9 00
$5000 Los Angeles Lighting' 5s ...103 25
100 Makawell - y 32 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Trading In local stocks and -bonds 'continued
quiet and the only changes were an advance
in Giant Powder "to $77 and a. decline in Spring
Valley; Water to $86 50. The oil stacks were
dull, as usual.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H M Elmer, Chicago
J P Elmer, Chicago
H G Brown. Pa
M Meyerfeld & w. Cal
Miss Meyerfeld, Cal
W L Brown. NY
M W Miller & w, Ind
Mrs R J Greene, Ind
Mrs J L Miller, Ind
W H Fieldhouse & w.
Chicago
F E Theberath & w,
Alarysville
P J . Sayre, Ala .
O H Llpman. Cal
C B Brown, Stockton
0 M Gale. Chicago
H Kohlberg & w. Ger
many - . • /
E W Sutcllffe, Butte
F A Hunt. Boston
Mrs W F Fitzgerald.
Lesi Angeles
Mrs L ¦ P. Saunders,
. Butte
WA Hamilton & w,
Seattle
H -M Andrews. Chgo
A E Mendelson, La
R G Hope, Pa
J J Eastley & w. Seatl
J C Lane:. Portland |
W fi Barney, Aucklndl
D H Bayldon, Aucklndl
Capt Mason, - Auckland
J Harris, Auckland
A L Clark, Auckland
1 Holdshlp. Auckland
Mrs N Bailey. Cal
W A Doyle. Cal
E S Gill. Honolulu
E W Kingsley, London
Miss E E Phllllp3,
London
C S Ryan. NY
C L Horsey. Marylnd
J Vanlins. Cal
F Tobias. Germany
F E Morehouse, Engld
E M Carter, N Y
R V Webster. Ceylon
A J'Bondasant, Va
F B Purdie. N Y
J Terrace, tondon
F Harman, London
C M Candee. Toronto
C F Medcalf, England
H I Taylor. N Y
K C Mathews, Va
JT~I> MacNeill, Englnd
Rev Mr McCabe. Cal
M»s B M McGlff. L An
C O Krogness, Chicago
F E Kramer. St Louis
J Bslnes. Amsterdam
Prof \O Schroeder,
Switzerland
M Mickede.* Chicago
T J FMd. Monterey
N W •Williams & w.
Chicago
W ORilvJe. Dawson
H Gage. V S N
G Daws «% w, Mo
Dr S L \talton, S Joae
W E Blauor, S Jose
L L. Lewif, Sacto
Mrs C A, Spreckels.
Paris
Miss L Spreckels, Part*
F Rlcharc^oo. London
L M Bally, Suit Lake
D C Stelnmetv. Carters
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Scott & • w. Iowa
J M Jones & w, Berkly
F Eiwards. San Jose
F L Carter, San Jose
M F Bell, Chicago
J Fen ne more, S Lake
J Doster. Pa
W Lubln.* Jerome
W C Price & w. Cal
C W Inslee. N Y
J R Cohen. D Moines
"W A Cooper, San Jose
A T Keyser. N Y
M Day. Los Angeles
Miss F Jones. S L O
T O Toland & w. Cal
G K Ryder & w, Sacto
G H Naylor. S Lake
J H Carpenter, N Ctfy
E L Holly & w, Colo
J WRobertson. Hanfd
C T Robinson & w, Cal
G C Gaylprd, Nev City
G T Willis & w.Fresno
D Brown & w. Martins
D McKellip & w. Iowa
L Magulre. Iowa
H J Bltterham, S Mat
W A Clapp & w, N Y
I Solomon. Nev
W F Knox.- Sacto
I K Salsbury. rVapa
Mrs I Cara. Los Ang
Mr Wichecle. Cfclcago
Miss Ducker, Ma-'fleia
Miss E Ducker, 1 lay
field
L G Smith. Gonzale*
J J Shaughnessy. Cal
A Beaton. Ala
Maude McKoske, Ali
J Hall. Conn
A L Jones. Napa
S Bemloff. Los Ansr |
F J Kerridge, Sonoma
Miss Buck. San Jo#e I
G Comegys. Portlar;!
Dr J Elsenstadt, Coia
J Herron. Denver
W C McClure. N Y
M F Oelken & w, Cal
F B Abbe. San Jose
C F Hicks & w, Ohio
E S St Claire, Bksfleid
F C St Claire, Bksfield
W Ash & w, Berlin
Ellen A Lynch, Cot
tonwood
L P Arker, San Miguel
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs L Ware & d, LA.
L rtly. Riverside |
J A Johnson & ch, . !
Los Angeles j
E Lamb. St Louis' :
C W Lawrence-Tacorna
A J Jones. Fresno >
H Reynolds, ' Denver
P I'arnes, Denver
Mrs. C W Sackett, Nev
E S Amidon & w, Mich.!
A Larson, w & d. Nebr i
T Reddy. Seattle
T A Wells. Oakland
J Johnson, Sacto
J J Cronkllte. Fresno
Mrs D L Karche. Mo
Mrs E J Longnecker.
Kansas City
E Field, Healdsburg •
G Houck & w, Chicago
E E Yowell, Salt Lake
M Cordoba. S Rosa \
L Ratte, Bakersfield
Katherine Steffens (owner) with Moller &
Sass (contractors), architects same as above-
All alterations and additions for a two-story
frame building, on S line of Sutter street, be
tween Lyon and Central avenue, 2711 Sutter;
51395. /
W. M. Liggett (owner) with Petterson &
Persson (contractors), architect Copela-id &
Plerce-^All work except mantels and gas fix
tures for a two-story frame building-, on lot
commencing at a point 53 NE from N corner ef
Stevenson and Thirteenth streets, NE 25, NW
131. SW 4:6, SE 23, SW 20. SE 85; $3837.
Builders' Contracts.
George E. and Celestine A. Knight to Ernest
F. Verwiebke, lot 3, block A. map Allendale
Annex, Brooklyn Township; ?1O.
Adolph G. and Annie M. Grazer to Vincent
Pontaqq, all Interest in lot 18, block O, map of
Huntingdon Tract, -. subject to trust 'deed to R.
J. McMullen et al., February 25, 1901, Brooklyn
Township;- $10.
Andrew and Jane C. ..Jones to James H.
Hicks, lot 25. block H, map Andrew Jones sub
division in Township of Brooklyn; Brooklyn
Township; grant.
' William J. . Whitney to Edward P. Jleald. lot
on NE corner of Thirteenth avenue and East
Seventeenth street, NE V by NW 125,' portion
of block 92, map of Clinton; East Oakland; also
lot on NEJ line of East ' Twenty- first street.
384:8% SE of Twenty-fourth avenue, SE 100 by
NE 150, portion of block N, map of subdivision
of Fifty Associates Tract, East Oakland; also
lot on S line .of Thirty-ninth -street. 155.80 E
of West street, E 100 by S 123, portion of block
D, map of Apgar Tract, portion of plat 37, East
Oakland; $10.
streets, E 40 by S 100, portion of block 676, Map
No.. t,< Watts Tract. Oakland; gift.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUJiY 34, 190J.
11
fice, sltr 2. UlfCloft-lt, (Joel*. .HATCIJ BR03.
¦9:45 a. m.. 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. ' Sunday, »:45 a. m.. S:30 p.m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a.m.. 12:30 . noon. 8 -p. __.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far*W
rents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
BAY AND RIVER REAMERS,
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALiEIO.
-Steamers GEN. tfRISBIE.orMONTICELLO
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPiyG~-Co-..
NEW modern apartment house;. suites 2. 8 and
6 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights; gas
ranges; baths. The. Malar Flats, 531 Turk at.
NICE front sunny rooms, furnished I complete
for housekeeping; rent $8 to $9 per month.
Apply at shoe store, 663 Mission st. ,
OAK, 119— Two front basement r«ras fur-
nished for housekeeping; yard; running
water; $10. : -. - . "¦• .
OCTAVIA, .1403— Sunny • bay-window room and
kitchen; gas Btove; rooms partly furnished;
cheap. .. - . . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' " ¦ -¦
POLK, 1002—3 and % room " suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping. J15 up; reference.
POWELL, 415%— Two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; In the rear.
SEVENTH, 304— Sunny bay-window parlor,
small kitchen; gas stove: for couple; $10.
SHIPLEY, 260—3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent $8 60. - -¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been • established at . 1096
Valencia st. -. . ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— -Furn. and Until rn.
X^BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to *1 per night; $1 25 to ?5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 221' Grant ave.— Best Jl a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up.; meals, 25c; free coach.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms,- newly-
renovated; 25c to U night; phone Black 491S.
BRODERICK, 1311. bet. Geary and O'Farrell—
Three unfurnished room« suitable . for light
housekeeping-. \
BURNETT. 1426 Market* (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; al3o unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantlyi
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. .
EDDY. 210 — Parlor suite for doctor or profes-
sional man; also single and double rooms.
FOLSOU 820. near Fourth— Nicely furnished
'rooms to rent, $1 per. week.
¦ ; . .
FOLSOM, S34— Jl 50 a week; sunny housekeep-
irig room, stove, closets; private; bath". ". ! •
GEARY, 1012— One sunny furnished room with
use of telei>hone. . •
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
. St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the <;lty; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st. :
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny*
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LAGUNA, 1131, opposite Jefferson -square— Nice
elegantly furnished large rooms. • T • - ¦
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, ti a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window .room, Jl per week; transient. ' |jj •
MISSION. 1275 — 4 furnished rooms, parlor, . 2
front, 2 rear; can arrange for housekeeping.
Is* ATOM A. tU. near Fourth— 4 rooms, %lth .sep-
arate yard and water; rent ?9. .
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of0ct-s; elevator; elec. »ights; daj;,-week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading -room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Sc to 11 60; week, $2 to
?8: month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. " ¦
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms. ;: run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE Bachelor. 18 Mason st.— 100 furnished
rooms, 50c up; elevator: electric lights in
evtry room; return call bells; first-class;
newly furnhshed and renovated; central;
quiet; gentlemen only.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptisns has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland ; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1103H Broadway, cor Twelfth at.,
third flat. Oakland. __^
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management;' modern; sunny rooms: ta-
ble tK>ard; uhfrxoelled." Tel. Church 1181.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansioji; select
- family .hotel ;exceptional table attractive rms.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
¦front rooms, en sulte.single;excellent cuisine.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine— New jmanagement: thor-
oughly renovated: sunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms.single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
* WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wranpfr. for mailing. 11 per year.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WANTED.
A YOUNG lady desires breakfast, dinner and
room with a private family residing on or
within one block of a car line; references
given and required if location Is satisfactory.
Box 3774. Call office. ' '..
BOARD and rooms wanted for family % of
•four adults near Park Panhandle. Address,
• giving terms and location. Box 4457. Call.
WANTED — By a single man, room and board
in private family. Address box 3776, Call.
WANTED— In Oakland. 1 or 2 furnished housr-
• keeping rms in private family. 3148 16th. city.
. SrECIAI. XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., -415 Montgomery St., rooms 3-10. tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ajlments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American D'epeneary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
AliL 'kinds bought, . sold, rented, exchanged; re-
, pairing; lowest rates. Phone Black 1124; ,205
Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
HERCE-RUDOLPH and Movlng~Co!7
-office Post and Powell : sts. ; tel. Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st.: tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUBS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
AND SUPPLIES.
GRE AT^DARGAIXS TYPE WRITE !RS— \V>
sell beUer machines for less money than any
house in. the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
¦ Exchange, 53G California; telephone .Main 2C6.
.RENT a new Franklin typewriter -for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. .Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; Tiew, $C0; ;antl-trust;
all makes; u?ed machines $10 up.._09 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to creditors— In the matter of the
estate of WILLIAM H. AYERS, deceased:
Notice Is hereby given to the creditors of, and
all persons 'having claims .against, the above
named deceased, , to present them -.within four
¦'months after' the dato of this notice to 'the
County Clerk of the City and -.County of San
Francisco, Sta'te of California, .at his office in
the City and County of San Francisco.
- Dated July 16. 1901.
. WM. A. DEANE. Clerk,
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk. .
PROPOSALS.'
PROPOSALS will be received at the BureaiPof
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington, D. C.,. until :12 o'clock noon'
August .13, 1901, and publicly op»ned immedi-
ately thereafter, to. furnish -at the navy-yard
Mare Island. "Cal.. a quantity of nuts, bolts' :
.lumber, mahogany, sheet brass, sheet copper':
Ingot copper, steel, sheet zinc, slab zinc'
white lead, brown zinc, oil, .varnish,. pipe sta-
tionery, air compressors, freight ¦ elevators
cement, broken .stone, sand, gravel, brick'
hardware, steel shapes and plates, rivet steei
and boiler tubes. Blank, proposals .will -be
furnished upon application to the Bureau or
to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco Cal
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General. U. S. -n!
TREASURY Department, office . Supervising
Architect,' Washington, D. C, July 9, 1901.—
Sealed proposals will be received at this office
until 2 o'clock p. m... on the 3d day of Sep-
tember. 1901, and then opened, for 'the com-
plete mechanical equipment, Including plumb-
ing, boiler?, engines and generators, switch-
board, electric wiring and conduits, .heating,'
and ventilating, and elevators for the United
States Postofflce. Courthouse, etc., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., In accordance with drawings and
,the specification, copies of which may be ob-
tained at this office or at the office 'of :the
Superintendent of Construction at San Fran-
cisco, Cal., at the discretion of the Super vis-,
ins Architect, upon deposit of :'a certified
check payable to the Treasurer of the -United
-States for J230,- which' upon return; of ( the
complete ' set of drawings and ; specification
•will be returned. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect. •
C0MPAGNIE GENERALS \ TSAH3AT_AKTIQU_
DIRECT -LINE -TO -HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, i.istead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from; oier 42. •aauCBdft
North River, foot of Morton ¦, street; La Cham-
piigne, August 1; La Gassogne. August 8;
•IjAqultalne, August 15; La , XormanUie. Aq-
E'j3t 22. _ ... ., \ M ¦
¦ First class to Havre, *70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOU UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson "building). New
York. , J. F. FUGAZI . & CO..\ Paclnc Coast
Agents, 5 MohtEomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tic&et Agent*.
: *Twf» Screw Expresi Steamers ,. ' .
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And C1A.SUD"AMKRICA?»A DH VAPOSES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m. i
ACONCAGUA... July 6tGUATEMALA...AU{T. 22
PERti August — [PALENA Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral" ' and South American passenger service.
(JJo change at Acapulco.or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE.*: CO.. Gen. Agents.
m MUSICAL DESTIICMEXTS,
AXZj pianos purchased cf SHERMAN, CLAY
«c CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 yoars from date cf purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright jiiaaos. SS per
month; tome good pianoe sold for $Z, 54 and
*» per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et.. Oakland. . j
_¦ SURPRISE awaits all who «re interested In
tVie self -playing piano; the Cecilian ts the lat-
est and best; sou are invited- to our dally
concerts. BYRON' MAUZY. 308 Post st,
Vnlon square, sole agents Sohmer & Co..
Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lwster. Hamilton and
tpielman pianos.
A TX5W price for a piano is what makes quick
Tales; what d» you want better than 575 or
*1OD or $150? That's -what we are offering.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ked st.
A PIANO can be rented from «• amd the rent
applied on Its purchase; you. can rent a
Decker if you want to; we pt\l on payments
that will pnon make the piano yours. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. let Market et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 833 Market. S. F.
(Branch 9S1 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianoe or tbe day— Steck.
Everett. Packard, Conover. Hardman. Ludwl B ,
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith A Barnes. Har-
rington, KlEgsbury, Jewett and Straube.
You oanr.ot, afford to buy a plaso until you
gee THE WTLEY B. ALLEN CO.
ANY vle.no sold by us takes back any time
within .> years and full purchase price al-
lowed on. a new peerless Kjtiabe at regular
Trice; oosts you only 20c a day to buy i
piano tr-ora us. KOHLEK & CHASE, 30
OrrarreJi Et. ; «rtat>Hfshea 1S50.
A LIST oJ fine «=eoond-hand bargains — 1 Etner-
¦fen, j Halltt _ Davis. 1 Coaover. 1 Curtat. 1
Pterrng, tih. J125. tll5. etc.; e*SF payments.
BEf.J. CURTAZ & SON, 16 OTarrell st.
Chi .-kering. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Afoilo. king of *elf-players.
"AI.L mckes; great bargain; 150 up; rents ?J
*ap allowed: w« v.-ant ager.ts; pianos furnished
free: you cet first monev when you cell.
HEINE PLAN'Q CO.. 217 Geary St.
JAS. KSEKFE'S piano — -arerooms now per-
rraiier.tiy located at 22 Turk Et.. near Junc-
tias Mason. licrket &. Turk: largest la city.
ASOTHEK cleanius-o— t s»le of etorage pianos
at ;.-our own price: ¦$<> installments : no re-
fprve, WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market Et.
7MANOS rn< up; Hart man J100: Chickerlng »150;
Nleuman P30. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
BANJO — Bf-st P. P. PteMtTtrt for sale cheap.
Apply PR. SMITH. 11 Stockton et. -
J2tn P.ENTS a fine upright piano: a few left.
BOOTT-CPRTAZ TIANO CO.. J60 Hayes st.
rUG barpam in elfgant ftandartl -upright
piano: party leaving- .M3 Eddy. nr. Larkin.
TWO urr:sri:t ;>ianos left on »ale; Fisher. 435;
Cntck^rtn*. Jl l .r.. Room 2S. 217 Geary
GOOD r-ernnd-hand upright for male cheap.
SCHMITZ. 1C MeAHiEtCT st.
A EPLEX'JID ?t«inti-ay: unrichts. S100; pianos
rerte.1 J2 upward. r.nUES-'N'. 20S Post st.
A LARGE lot of seeotn1-h»ti<i upright pianos
for sale r-*ieap. HORXUNGS. 216 McAllister.
A FTNT; vrright piano for sale cheap. S3" Mc-
Allister M..
SUPERIOR violins*, zithers, old and new. HT
MULI.ER. maker, repairer. 2. Latham place.
A WEKK'S r.pws for 5 -cents— The Weekly" Call,
1^ racs, in wrapper, -for mailing. Tl per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. S28— Han^nme large store, reduced
to S22: rJso ?l« Sansotn». store, rent }6.
LIGHT. <-he<>rrul ofSceF: JT3 and 320. Emma
<:r'flr<-'t l>t ¦¦Mire, tgt V»'V»t «t.
OIL.
' -CALISTOGA Cil and Development Company,
operating 'on 1120 ncrcs of or. land Jn nin«
districts. Office. V2 nr.rt ?4 Merchants" Ex.
FOR rale— A lease on prbven territory adjoin-
ing the gan Joaquin Co. 474 Parrott bldg.
OIL tanks, second lian<3. in nou.-t order: all
5ize<=: ohesn. IT. <5. WHTTFT. f.l« Mi«n!frp «t.
PAIXTERS A\D DECORATOUS.
ROOMS ;;apered from 'SS 50 ui>; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 219 3d St.; tcl. Red 3S21.
PAPER-HANGING, hou*e painting; good, reli-
aV.lp wrrk. Clark's. SC8 Larkin: tel.Larkln 1060.
_^^ r.itMisTHV. ;
ilKS. LAMIi. Edenunc palmist; head and face j
reading: iessors- given. 6J7 Jones st j
i
MME GERMA1NE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to S. VX Market Pt. !
H. JHHC*1IE FOSELLI, scientific palmist. T.15
Teylor ?t.. bet Gean' and Pest: tel. Black 5CL
FERSOXALS.
—THE EPWOKTH LEAGUE—
LADIEP and GENTLEMEN— YOU are in-
Vited to the parlor? ot the ifQHEMIAX DER-
3VIATOLOGY. 121 Post. R. 3, tor your sham-
poo. :.-«¦; GRAY hair restored. HAIR grown
•en bald heads. PIMPLES. freckles. facial
blemishes removed; figures trained; IM-
PORTED French preparation* used exclu'ly.
A— EPWOr.TH Leaguers' downtown meeting
S>lace at the Bon -Ton at 524 Post St.. near
Powell. Luxurious raarJing-rooia; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairdressi&g .or
baths, £0c. Ail visitors welcome.
VLCITRS CUUKD— Ulcerine <a new discovery),
a product of the Philippine Inlands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers of the lee; no detention
from business: conf-ultetion free at our office
ULCEK1NE CO., 40 Ellis st.. rooms 18 and 13;
telfj elevator.
A- IF your hair is f^llins or you are bald, call
*on T31K. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St., Aid you '
, will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posl- !
tlvoly cutranteed: preparation «ent to all
parts of the world: call or eeud for circular.
£17 SO— POL1I) oek bedroom set; plate mirror.
SI — Solid oak chair; factory price.
*- — Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Foleom 1326.
SfatvVi, Credit House. 142S ilission. nr. 10th.
ELECT-EIC light in every room— Winchester j
IiutH. 41 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
•j-9 to Jl 50 i.er night; !1 So to K f>er week; i
fE-=e bus end haggase to and from the ferry, j
${ WEEKLY— Suits to order from -genuine
Scotch, ttf up; fire dreg" suits, J20 up; ele-
•rant overcoats. J15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Alfarket t-t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enair.cl iron beds, single, three-quarter
or dot. hie. $2 S. EASTERN OUTFITTING
¦CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton et. near Eroad~ay.
PRIVATE detfsnive work: reasonable rates- 10
years' J. B. RAY, S36 Mission et.
JEX'RE cure for asthma: instant reliet and posi-
tive cure, liox Z'M'. Call office.
SPANISH l«scns given by a native Spanish
¦teacher. f,I3 McAllister st.
ALFEEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* gray
ha:r tc its T-.atural color; $1; at all druggist*.
CUPERFLTJOUS hair -end moles destroyed with
«lectrlc needle. _MJSS EATON, 111S Butter st
TAILOR made ruits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD cold, fllver, diatr innds and precious stones
bought. J. tt. JEN'KEL. S17 Market ft.
MASQUDUDE costumes, play books, wies-
countrj- «jrder»i. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
r>R. LAIIOTTE'S Trench Corn Paint, the best
<wn cure: ?3c: all druscists.
I'lIYSICIAXS AND SURCEOXS.
X>P-. C. C. O'DONXELL— Offlce and residence.
1021 Market -et., toetween £txth and Seventh.
Z>n. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats nil disease* of the human 'body: see
•testimonials at office. 113-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WOXG WOO herb doctor: sanitarium. !
mom Clay «t. : <?ee testimonials at office. :
PILES.
IN E A I SLY 1000 permanent cures -here in your
midst; many who Iiave stiffened 20 to 30 years;
over £G names of prominent business men
*er<t as -reference; no chloroform. .6urgery or
delay from business and no ea!ves for «ale.
Particularts address Physiciac bos 1950 Call
ofPff* F. F.. OI. ¦ ¦ • ¦
REAL ESTATE — COl',\TBV«- For Sale
— for^Xle rcEAR~i an Vbakcisco -—
Srmal! tracts. JCO to JSO per acre, on Rancho
4. otati. SScaotna Co. : luiurr value assured, as f
Kan Francisco is Krowiajr rapidly: location
be^t for poultry and cenerai farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 Calif orpl» ft, for pam-
<.r information.
320 ACIiHS. inland, with vnxtd _»d creek, for
sale. Address lx>x Zhoi. Call. V :
POULTRY and <\ A ny ranches for sale; write tor
Tre KM. p. r \i T INFJELD. Petatuma. CaL
K«SS *ALLKY KEAI. 15STATB.
KOSS Valley— J_irKe~ne\PinoSertr<iweilTnTnear
« nation; k acn-s with trees and earden; for
vale or lease. Jacies Tunstead. gan Anselmo.
' i i. ¦ . i ¦
_J KEAL ESTATE TO KX CHANGE. '
23 MOUSES end lots from J100 to «20.00oTToo
v.inches. all ei:a!s. from J100 to $10,000; 23
» lores and businesB places, $50 to $6000.- To*
, "'HV'..^ 1 ' or ««hanpe anything see II. C.
itHCKER. 3C20 Market et. «
*"-" AL~EyfAf_~\VA.\TEUl
"WAXTEI>— By responsible parties, ranch on
cij2rf> CiiU ** &(idress m Thlrty-cightfa st..
REAt ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON,- ELDRIDGE & "CO.,- ¦ " ~~-
638 Market Street
.,„ JPOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER.
J10.000— A prominent corner on Battery St.; a
* chort distance Irom Market; frontage
45:10 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
T11.000— T— o stores 6 rooms and bath; 2 nats;
3 frontages; present low rents 11140 per
¦ annum; old established business; lot
37:6_S7:6 feet
"WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
_ „.. ¦ At a Bargain.
17.000—42:4x137:6 feet, on best bituminlzed
block on Pine et.; north side; elegant
residence 11 rooms and bath; stable;
rents low at $600 per annum; ground .
alone worth the money; {5000 mortgage
can remain.
PATS BIG INTEREST.
Near Third and Folsom Streets.
$5,000 — Fine investment; 3 "well-built fiats of
€, 5. S rooms and bath each; always
rented; pays over 1 per cent per month;
lot 25x112:6 feet.
r *
MISSION HOME.
$3,500 — A well-built 2-story house of 7 rooms I
and bath in the best part of the Mis- ,
tf.on warm belt; a quick sale desired.
FOLSOM-ETREET BARGAIN.
$3,200— Store and 2 rooms, also flat of 7 rooms j
end a rear house; on Folsom st, east
of Fourth; rents J360 per annum. . •
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2,230 — A cozy cottage of S rooms and bath;
on Twenty-fourth St., near Noe; lot
24:11x114 feet.
MUST BE SOLD.
J2.000— Two-story house on Norfolk st, near
Folscm and Eleventh; well-built and In
good condition. ¦ ¦
. ON YOUR OWN TERMS.
We will build you a home or flats in
any part of the city on small monthly
payments; same as rent; good terms
to the right people.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
'•'.':¦ 4' ' ¦¦• '.'¦ 638 Market Street.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
"26 Montgomery st.... Room 11.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property.
I I16.50C— 75 ft. on Mission Et. and impts. for
j factory; rents 1112; bargain.
44S30— Stylish new flats,. 4 and 5 rooms; very
sunny; rents $40; Twenty-third st.
Jli.OOC— Stylish new flats; Hayes St.; fine lo-
i cation; rents $115.
13750— 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms; Baker st; rent!
««•
$3000 — Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
Et. and Eighth ave. ; rents $30.
$2150- Snap: Clay-et. lot. 23x100; north side;
fine residence location. . •
$6000 — Bargain; Howard, nr. 8th; bus. prop.
SUNSET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS.
$500 TO $SSO, ON EASY TERMS.
$823— Eleventh ave., between H and I sts.,
near Park music stand; cars pass block.
$3250 — Houses — easy terms — above block, 6 and
7 rooniE, bath. etc. ; plans at office.
¦ A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montzomery St..
-room 11; branch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
CORNER LOT AT REDUCED PRICE.
$1800— Corner Pt. Lobos and 22d aves.. 53x
190: ready to build on: a fine investment; on
widest thoroughfare in San Francisco; one
block from Sutro cars.
H. E. JOEHLltAX, 304 Montgomery St.
$6S0C— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day work; every possible latest im-
provement: heaters, registers, 6 basins, plate
i ¦ and art gla^s windows; marine & park view;
; -the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
-1-6:6x100; Fulton st, nr. Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister st. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
CONSULTATION FREE.
i We v.-lll *>dvise you how to buy and advise
you how to sell, how to put bad tenants out
of your property without expense and collect
your rents. HEALY & GILLESPIE, 630
Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
SIX. seven and eight-room cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th, ISth, Castro
and Xoe sts. ; \' t cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder.
JCOOO— MAKE offer; nice home of 6 rooms and
bath in best portion of Pacific Heights; lot 25x
127:SVi; no agents. Address box 3SS3, Call.
BAY-WINDOW cottage. 5 rooms; bath; $1400
casn or terms. W. MILLER1CK, ' 527 • Gates
St., off Cortland ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for Invest-
ors and house-seekers on -easy terms or ex-
chayge for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
rooms. 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak. blrdseye -maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
near Eta ion; S1S0O.
A. R. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
JMKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS ;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
homesTn~5erkeley.
for sale .from JS50 upward.
Lots for sale Irom J250 upward.
Many fine -bargains with easy terms. '
We have houses and lots that will suit you
,a« to :r>rlce and location.
A very .large list of property to choose from.
.If you intend to live In Berkeley while your
bovs and girls go through the university you
had better apply your rent money on the pur-
chase of a home; it will be better than rent re-
ceiptB.
Good residence property in West Berkeley,
where the big furniture factory is going up. -
SATOEF & WILKINS,
.2121 Center street,
Berkeley, Cal.
ONLY $2750 — New 7-room houses, complete -In
every particular, containing window shade
combination fixtures aad the Sunlight water
heater, enabling you to get hot -water at any
titr.e during :the day or night' without fire;
on the sunny side of street and near ths
car*. Atmly to JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Eftate. Berkeley station. '-
OAKLAND IBYERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$775 HILL' buy a -4-room cottage with base-
nurnt: jccorl Jot; convenient to cars and train;
terms to suit. Address at once box 22S3, Call
office. Oakland.
OAIvLAXU KOO3IS AXD HOARD.
TJENTH. S72 — Beautiful sunny rooms; .for cou-
ples; home cooking; $20 upward; references.
OAKLAND FUlt.MTl'RB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you -from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. 'Oakland, i
KOO.YkS FOH HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms In locality; single and-
. housekeeping; rents reasonable; tirat-class at-
tention.
BUEN A -VISTA rave., 449, near Frederick st—
S fur, or untur.. rooms or more; stable; tel.
CHATTANOOGA, 110— Furnished rooms; light
housekeeping if desired. • j .
EDDY, 939— Floor of 4 nicely furnished house-
keeping roorns; private residency no children.
EDDY, 933 — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
all conveniences; private residence; no chil-
dren. ¦• '•--.-—¦¦
FIFTH,: 353— 3 furnished housekeeping, • 2 double
beds, $20; also single rooms from $5 up.
FOURTH. 225— Nice front room, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife; with kitchen.
HAIGHT, 222-^Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for couple; telephone; refs.
HOWARD, 761%— Sunny suite neatly furnished;
man and -wife; kitchen; other rooms.
HYDE. 412— Sunny unfurnished parlors and al-
cove; also .basement suite of '2 or 3 rooms.
MARTHA place, 5, off Geary, bet Mason and
Taylor— 2 housekeeping rooms with bath;
every convenience.
MCALLISTER, lOOO. corner Central ave — 2 sun-
ny rooms furnished for /housekeeping; sink;
J10; also 2 housekeeping rooms. 57 per mo.
MINNA. 434— Large housekeeping room; nicely
furnished; J6. ¦ . .
MISSION. 1125Vi— One housekeeping room; $1 W.
MORRIS ave., 113, near Bryant— 2 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $5. ,V
UlaVAAnf A £ <r4»A H*WAH, SAMOA, HEW
{jceanies.sao. g^pgs
g. S. SIERRA, for •Sionoiulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Aus Thurs.. Aug. 1, 10 a. m.
S. r S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. August 8, 10 a. m.
5. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday, August 10, 2 p. ra.
J. 9. SP2EGXELS & BROS. CO., Baneral Aganls. 327 Hartet S!
fcn'l Paaangap Office, 643 ilarkst St:, Per Ho. 7. Pacific St
TO NEW YORK VIA ' PANAMA. 'DIREST.
Cabin, $103; Steerage. ?40;~MeaIs Free.
6. S. Argyll sails iMon ' ty. Aut*. 12
S. S. Leelaiaw «alls Monday, Ang. 26
S. S. Argyll . «f»l s Tuesday. Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p.m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C TEAMERS WILL LEAVE -WHARF. COR-
C ner First and Brennan streets, at I p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling»at
Kobe (Hlogp), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers .for
India, etc. No cargo received on board ! on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARI7.
"Wednesday, September 4. 1901
£S. NIPPON MARTT.. Friday. September 27. 1901
Kound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
•freight and passage apply at company's ofllce,
!<£1 Market 'street, corner First.
. . W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
New York an'd Antwerp.
From New "York Wednesdays at 12 noon. . *
Southwark ......July 31 *Zeeland August 21
?Vaderland ..August 7 Friesland ....August 25
Kensington ..August II Southwark ....Sept. 4
"•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Ajzent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
I^rom New York W«dnesdays at 10 a. m. .
St. Paul .August 7] St. Louis... Sept. . 4
St. "Louis.."... "August 14 PhlladelphU ..'.Sept U
PhlladeIph.la~Vu«T_it 21 St. Paul.. .......Sept. IS
St. -Paul. August 28!St. Louis 7.. .Sept. 23
AMERICAN LINE.
hew T03S. aonTH*MPTO«i. losecs. p__:a.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship XjXxk« *o
PORTLAND, Or.,
.And Short Roil Lino from Portland to nil
' pclnts East. Through ticket*- to -»1 1
points. »U rmi or ntenn i»Hio aid pall, at
XiCW^iST ~%-_. a X'__S.''
STSAMEB TICKETS INCLCD3 BERTH ud 3ISAL1
SS. COLUMBIA..... ..'......:
..........Salla Jcly 12. 22. August 1, lL 21. a
SS. GEO. W. ELDER... :...
., Sails July 7. 17. 27. August 8. 18. 2«
D.'W.HrrCHCOCK.Gen. Afrt-.l MontBam'y. S.y.
meda, Louise %.llce, daughter of the late
Captain M. and the late Mary • L. Littleton,
and sister of Edwin W., Walter D. and Min-
nie M. Littleton. (Sacramento papers please
copy.) • e /
" ET'Interment at Sacramento." Funeral- ser-
vices and interment private.
MacDONALD— In Berkeley, July 22, 1901. Alice
H.. beloved wife of D. F. MacDonald, and
mother of Hershel H., Evelyn L... Laura A.
.and George. D. MacDonald. a native st Hol-
comb Hill. England, aged « years i months
and 12 days.
' (C~Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-moirow (Thursday), at 2:30 o'oloek. at her
late residence. Grand View Hotel, corner of
Vine street and Shattuck avenue. North
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland. ¦ .
METZGER— In this -city.- July 23, 1901.. John,,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Metzger, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany^ aged 35 years
4 mopths and 21 days.
RICHARDS-rln this city, July 22. 1901, Sam-
uel N., beloved son of Elizabeth and the late
-Joseph Richards, a- native of Forestville, -So«
noma County, Cal., aged 23 years 2 months
and 15 days. . • • - • • .
ETFriends and acfluah'tances are respect-
fu)ly 4 invlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clocK. from 'his late
residence, 1414 Hyde street; thence to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a nsqulem musi will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mejwttrg at 9 o'clock. Interment .Holy Cross
CCmetery. ¦
ROSENGARTEN— In this city, July 22, .1901,
Emll Albert, dearly beloved and only son of
Marie and the late Emil G. Rosensarten, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 3
months and 2 days. ¦ A member of ' Precita
Parjor No. 187. N. S. G. W., and Court Golden
Era No. 36, F- of A.
E?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday)," at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.; 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and - Eighth. Interment. Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighth and Harrison streets.
PRECITA Parlor No. 1S7, N. S. G. W.— To the
Officers and Members of Precita Parlor No.
187, N. S. G. W.: You are hereby notified to
assemble at the parlors .of -H. F.. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, Jjetween Seventh EJid
Eighth, for the purpose of attending the fu-
. neral of our Jate brother, Emil Albert Rosen-
jrarte.n. By order
W. C. MILLER, President.
. J. M- HICKEY, Secretary.
COURT Golden Era No. 36, F. of A.— Officers
and members are* notified to .attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, E. A. Rosengar-
ten, to-morrow (Thursday)," from 1137 Mission
stieat, at 1:15 o'clock. By order of
H. C. ANGELIS, Chief Ranger.
M. LEVY, Financial Secretary.
SCHMIDT-^In this city, July ?3. 1901, Chris
J. F. Schmidt, beloved husband of Mathilda
Schmidt, father of Hugo and Clara Schmidt,
and brother of Mrs. P. Hendricks, Mrs. J.
Roth, Mrs. J. Struve, Mrs. J. Fitter, Mrs.
T. Nicholson and Henry Schmidt, a native of
Holatein. Germany, aged 59 years 1 month
and 4 days. • . .- .-• .*
(CFrlen'ls and acquaintances and members
of Burns Lodge No. $S, A- O. U. W., are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 630 Castro street, between
'Nineteenth and Twentieth. Interment Mount
. Olivet Ce.metery, by carriage.
SCHNAITTACHER-rln this city, July 23, 1901,
•Pauline Sehnaittacher, relict of the late Carl
' J. Schnaittacher, beloved mother of Sylvain
and Edith Schnaittacher, daughter of Mrs.
Caroline Metzger, and sister of Louis, Morris
and Edward Mfttzger, a native of New York,
aged 45 years S months and 19 days.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1913 Van Ness avenue. Interment
at Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
.'leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:40
-o'clock. ' ¦ .
-SEFTON— In this city. July 23. 1901. Stephen
Sefton, a native of England, aged 68 years.
SEREX— In Alameda, July 23, 1901. John Serax,
-beloved husband ef May E. Hopps Sersx,
and father of John F. Serex, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 36 years ' 8 ' months and
18 clays. , . • . . .• ?
SPECHT— In this city, July 23. 1901, at his
residence, 20 Camp street, ! Christopher, be-
loved husband of Margaret • E.', father of
Bertha M. and Richard C. Specht, and uncle
of F. • W. Geiger. a native of Germany, aged
64 years 1 .month and 2S days.
STECHER--In Aberdeen, Wash., July 23, 1901,
Edward T., beloved husband of the late Ella
Stecher, son of Eleanor ap<l the late Phillip
Stecher, and -brother of Fred J. and Otto
-Stecher, a native of San Francisco, asred 36
years 2 months, and 6 days. -* •'
VIVIER— In this city, July 23, 1901, Arthur
Vi\ler, brother of Mrs. K. Lavlgne, Mrs. H.
Donohue and Mrs. H. C. Farquharson, a na-
tive of San Francisco,' aged 44 years 4 months
and 12 days. . . • ,
g^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence qf his sister, 938 Jackson street, .thence
to the . French Churoh of Notre ' Dame des
Vlctoires, where services will be held,, thence
to Native Sons' Hall, where services will be
held" under "the auspices of California -Par-
lor No. 1. N. S. G. W.
ZGRAGGEN— In this city. July 23, 1901, Sebas-
j tian, beloved brother of Joseph Zgrraggen and
Mrs. Marie . Jauch, a native of Switzerland,
a^ed 48 years.
ZILVITIS-In this city, July 23, 1901J Amelia,
•beloved daughter of Joseph and Veronica
Zilvitis, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and S days. . . ,
¦m. Steamers leave Broadway
sifc Wharf, San Francisco:
v?>^r For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
MW^k Julv 15 > 20 > 25> 30> Au K ust 4 -
kc^K_3**_k Change to company's steam-
! E^'bSSVSH ers at Seattle.
' C^SySffia'isw * F04 Victoria, Vancouver (B.
' l2^^^<^\1 C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
i £^*^Bs«li_\ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
Of- "^^Hjsgi and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 15, 20. 23. 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. IS. 21, 26. 31. Aug. 5. and every «th
day thereafter. £ • _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Ke l,» s )_Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a, m.;
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a *For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, "Hueneme. East San Peflro. San Pe-
dro and *Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer
Corona, Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays, 9' a." m.' ' • ' _ _.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
/Cabo. Ma7Atlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guavmas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. - . ,
For further information obtain company a
foM-ers.
The corooany reserves the right to change
"steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without nrevious notice.
TICKET QFFIGE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agentfl.
lfl Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'"".. > MARRIAGE LICENSES,'
The following marriage licenses were, issued
yesterday: • m . . .
Stewart Carter, 30, Nome, Alaska, ana Ade-
laide Hromada, 23, city. ¦' " . "
- Augustusx-A. Sawyer. 21, Oakland, and Hat-
tie B. MeUrhan. 21, city.-
Fred R. Burge, 22, Fort Mason, and Mary A.
Navarret, J 22, San Jose, f ¦ _¦
John T. 'McKeon, 21. 160 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Frances A. Preece, 2,1/ 114B Eleventh.
Carl H. Osgood, 25, Oakland, and Edna E.
Tolford, ! 24, city.
Martin E. Tew, 32, "WlUmar, \ Mlnn.^ • and
Ethel E. Ibbo'tgcn, 18, 1794 Larkin street.
C. W. Albert Heyer, 31, 1521 Lombard street,
and Clara E. Brown, 29, 1531A Lombard street.
John" Barry, 21. 256 Tehama street, and Tina
Newman, 18, lafi Teharaa street.
' J.. Frank Adams. 29, 1311 Polk Btreet, and
Nydla Metropolsky, 25, 1207 Union street.
Carlton G. Dawson. 24, 246 Third street, a,nd
Matilda M. Ebner, 30, 624 Taylor street. '
Lou! Wursh, 39. 24 Cuvler street, and Cacttia
Christen. 43, 24 Cuvier street.
Robert Dannenberg, 28, Palo Alto, and Mar-
tha E. Stetler, 25, Palo Alto
Charles E. Noyes, 26, 915 Greenwich atreet,
and Lizzie Kruse, 23, 13C6 Folsom street.
- Wong Gee. 29. Minneapolis, and Choie Que,
IS. 820 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ¦
Birth, marriage* and death notices sent by
maii will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication . of flees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per--
sons authorlred to have the same published.
BORN. .
COTTRELL— In this city, July 23, 1901, to the
¦¦¦wlfe'of \V. G. Cottrell. a daughter.
FOSEN— In Oakland, July 23, 1901, to the wife
'-of C: "J." Fosen. a- son. '
LANDIS— In this city, July 22, 190L to the
| wife of E. C. Land^is, a son.
O'CONNOR— In South San Francisco, to the
wife of John O'Connor, a son.
— DIED. ~
. Aaron, Hannah MacDonald; Alice H.
Arata, Frank Metzzer, John
¦- Austermuhle. Charles Richards, Samuel N.
j Brennan, Rev. John Rosengarten, Emll A. "
Bristol, Mrs. Jane K: Schmidt, Chris J. F.
' Carroll, James H- Schnaittacher, Pau- ;
: Cleary, Hannah ¦ line --
Connelly, Martin . Sefton, Stephen
Connolly, /William Serex, John
• Daley, Eu~ene Specht, Christopher
Daws, Mary A. Stecher, Edward T.
Dorgan, Thomas J. Vlvier, Arthur
Evans, Dr. Adolphus Zgraggen, Sebastian
Kellogg, Mary E. JJllvltis. Amelia
Littleton, Louise A;
AARON— In this city, July 22, 1901. Hannah,
beloved daughter of Joseph and Rebecca
Aaron, and sister of Frances, pscar, Alfred,
Robert and Gustav Aaron, Mrs. Carrie'
' Adams and Mrs. Rosie Bockman, a native
of San Francisco, aged 21 years 4 months
and 1 day.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
• (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence! 2B6 Laussat avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
ARATA— In this city, July .21, 1901, Frank, be-
loved husband of Maria Arata, lather of
Mrs. Charles F. Grondona, brother of James
Arata of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Louis and Jo-
seph Afata -of Antioch, Cal., and father-in-
law of Charles F. Grondona, a native of
Orero, Italy, aged 65 years. - - <\*
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery
Interment Italian Cemetery. Please omit'
flowers.
AUSTERMUHLE— In this city. July 21, 1901, ;
Charles Austermuhle, husband : of Sophia,
and father of Emllie and Gertrude Auster-.
n:uhle, a member of Verein Eintracht. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 55 years 6 months and
29 <?ays. . . '
. ITS'" Remains "at the funeral parlors of H. F.-
Maass. 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
BRENNAN— There -will be- a solemn requiem;
mass for the soul of the Rev. John Brennan
in St. Patrick's Chureh this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock.
BRISTOL— In this city, July 22. 1901, Mrs. Jane
Knox Bristol, beloved mother of Helen G.,
' Maud K. and Robert D. Bristol, a native of
Epsom, N. H. (Concord, N. ,H., papers
•-please copy-) \
[CTFuneral this day (Wednesday), from
her late residence, 724 Turk street, at .2:30
o'clock. • i
CARROLL-In this city, July 22, 1901, James
H. Carroll, a native of Baloit, Wls., aged 50
. years 4 months and 29 days. v ,
ETNotlce of .-funeral hereafter. •, Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 319
O'Farrell street.
;CLEARY-ln this city, July 22, 1901, -Hannah
Cleary, beloved mother of John F. Cleary,
Mrs. Mary McArdle and Mrs. Alice Carmody,
'i a native of Tallow, County Watertord,. Ire-
land, aged 82-years and- 2 months. - ¦
CF'Friehds'ard acouaintances are respects
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at ,8:^0 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of >her daughter, Mrs. Alice Carmody,
62S Jessie street, thence to St. Joseph's,
Church, where a solemn requjem mass will
be celebrated for the repose oi her soul, com-
mencing -at ..9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
CONNELLY— In this city, July 23, 1901, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Sabina Connelly,
and Iatw»r of -Thomas F. and "Sarah Con-
nelly, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 75 years S months and 13 days,
CONNOLLY— In this' city. July 22, 1901, Wil-
liam, brother of Patrick and' John and the
late Maurice Connolly and Mrs. Thomas
Dower, a. native of Prospect Hall, County
Watcrforil, Jreland, aged 52 years and 2
months.
E?°The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DALEY— In this, city, July 22. 1901, Eugene,
beloved husband of Norah Daley, father of
Nellie, Jeremiah and Honorah Daley, and
brother of Mrs. Patrick :Hagerty and Jere-
miah Daley, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 39 years. A member of Court
Garfield of Foresters. . ,
IcyFrleT.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the rfuneral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of "J." C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street;
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a mass
will be cftlsbrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
„ Cross Cemetery. . . . ¦ .
DAWS— In this city, July 23, 1901, Mary Ann.
beloved, wife of John .Daws, and mother of
Mrs. J. Reid, Mrs. J. Smith, Mrs. A. Dable.
Mrs. A. Reynolds, Mrs. F. Stormfleld and
William Daws, ajnative of England, aged 74
years 11 months and 11 days. -'
" tCTFriends and acciuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),' at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, ,2126 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
DORGAN- In ' this city, July 23, 1S01, Thomas
J... beloved son of the late William. ana Han-
nah DorpSin, and .brother of George P. Dor-
gan and Mrs. W. F. Laumelster, a native of
Sr.n Francisco, aged 35 years.
nry.Remalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. . . •
EVANS-In this city, July 22, 1901, Dr.
Adolphus M. Evans, beloved husband of Ella
M. Evans, «_d father of Clyde Evans, a na-
tive of Jowar aged 45 years 7 months- and 4
days.
CyFriends and .accuaintanres <are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 'o'clock, from ihis late
residence. 135 Beulah street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Btanyan and Waller streets. -
KELLOGG— tin this city, July 23, 1901, Mary
E. KellogS:, sister of Sarah E. Murry, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 60 years and 17 days.
(Trinity .and Shasta County papers please
copy.) t ¦ ' ,
l_7"The funeral services, will take place
this' day (Wednesday), at 1:45' o'clock, Rt>
Hotel Baltimore. 1013 Van Ness avenue, near
Geary street. Interment private.
LITTLETON— Entered 'Into life eternal, July'
22, 1901, >at the residence of her sister in Ala-
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
• (Successor to Flannagan _ Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mjjr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND , EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite .Lincoln School.
. .. ..Telephone .South SO. - :
McAVOV 4 CO,,: J
'. FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.1
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. 'I
Telephone South 247. • J
- Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
-Funeral Directors and ¦ Embalmers, ¦
'. ¦ - ; 31 EDDY STREET. .' -.'¦',
Telephone South 252. -' -San Francisco."'
No ¦ Connection With Any Other^Hpuse.__
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point. Lbbos ave., S. F., Cal. V I
The ordinance. .prohibiting .burials in 'San
Francisco . after the first day of August, 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
,it affect. the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is'
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes ;of their dead.
" Permits ' to cremate will be Issued «by the
Board of 'Health the; same as heretofore. -"
' ' - GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
SAit FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t.iat 'CHARLES :H. JACOB of the firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO., funeral direc-
, tors :, and ¦ embalmfcrs, 318 Mason . street, ; has,' •
by order of court, had his name changed to
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by reason . of
•which- ] - the.i name ...of / I his ..firm; becomes I
CHARLES H.VJ. TRUMAN ";& - CO. .Under
this name he continues to do business at tha
came jplac^-i Telephone Main 5213.
J ' J ¦ v - ' . ...Further inquiry to determine the finan
cial condition of Bertram Samuel Joseph
Finnistone O'Neill Murphy, who is alleged
to be engaged In an effort to avoid pay
ment of an alimony judgment in favor of
his former wife, will be before Judge
Graham. The" matter was to have been
taken up by Judge Murasky in chambers
yesterday, but upon request of counsel the
matter was reassigned to Judge' Graham
who last March renewed the Judgment
upon which stilt was brought to compel
Murphy. to pay.
Murphy Case Goes Over.
Oil Expert Christopher Dies.
W. W. Christopher, an old expert, who
was found in an unconscious condition at
630 Sacramento street Monday, died last
evening In the Emergency Hospital. An
autopsy will be held to determine the
cause of death.
Registration closes August 3, 1901. All
citizens -who have moved since the last
election must register in order to be able
to vote at the coming primary. Office open
from 8:30 a. m. to 5 p. m.; 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.»
Voters, Attention!*
Mrs. Timothy Murphy of 37 West Mis
sion street, accompanied by her 14-year
old son, Leo Murphy, called . at the
Morgue yesterday afternoon and Identi
fied the body of the man who committed
suicide at the Seattle House last Satur
day night as that of her husband. Tim
othy Murphy, .a locomotive engineer.
Murphy left a note notifying the Coroner
that he had taken carbolic acid and signed
his name as "Meyers." Mrs. Murphy
said that whenever her husband went on
a spree he went by the name of Meyers.
He had been working for a firm in Ukiah
and came down to this city a few days
before the Fourth of July. Since that
time he had been drinking heavily.
Suicide Identified.
While the detectives were examining
Waiting's clothing he was observed to
throw his hat on the bed. As he did so
the two diamonds, having been removed
from the ring and wrapped in a paper,
fell to the floor. Walling had concealed
the stones up his sleeve and attempted to
discard them with his hat. The paper
used In wrapping them was a leaf from a
notebook in his possession and furnished
further evidence.
Since Walling has been In the house
Mrs. Dodge has missed other Jewelry and
valuables, but was never able to locate
the thief. On one occasion she discharged
a Japanese servant, though she had no
evidence against him. ; >'_v-
James Walling, a son of ex-Judge Wall
ing of Nevada County, and said to be a
nephew of an ex-Chief of Police of New
York City, was arrested last night by De
tectives Dinan and Wren on a charge of
having stolen a diamond ring valued at
$600 from Mrs. Annie M. Dodge of 719 Tay
lor street. The prisoner was a roomer In
the house where the theft occurred. He
has occupied prominent positions In the
city and his good reputation was never
questioned until the police found . the
stolen property in- his possession. Now it
is believed that he was responsible for
several other crimes. He lost his last po
sition with an oil and land company for
alleged discrepancies in his accounts.
Testerday morning Mrs. Dodge placed
two rings in the drawer of a. dresser In
her room and left her house to call on
friends. When she returned she discov
ered that' one of them, set with two dia
monds of high value, was missing. She
immediately reported the matter to Cap
tain Seymour, and detectives were sent
to her home. A Japanese engaged in
cleaning rooms was first questioned, but
his statements satisfied the police of his
innocence. It was than learned that Wall
ing, who rents a room in the - same fiat,
had been seen in Mrs. Dodge's apart
ment during her absence. He denied his
guilt when accused and became indignant
when he was told he would be searched.
Son of Ex- Judge Walling
Under Arrest for
Larceny.
STEALS JEWELS
FROM LANDLADY
Ladies' Auxiliary of Ancient Order
of Hibernians Arranging for
\ Great Entertainment.
'.The lad'Ies of the auxiliary to the An
cier.t Order of Hibernians will celebrate
their anniversary on Thursday evening at
Golden Gate Hall. The celebration will
! be under the auspices of Martha Wash
ington Circle, and a very interesting pro
gramme has been arranged. The officers
of Martha Washington Circle having the
affair in charge are: Miss' J. Dillon, pres
ident; Mrs. J. H. Maginis. vice president;
Mrs, J. Toorriey. recording secretary; Miss
Egan, financial secretary, Mrs. J. J. Don
ovan, treasurer.
• After the overture by the orchestra the
president will deliver the j opening ad
dress. The Rev. Father Crowley, the
chaplain, will deliver a short addiess. The
rest of the performance includes a sopra
no solo by Madge Vaughn, accompanied
by M'ss Agnes Donovan; tenor solo, Har
ry S. Coleman; soprano solo. Miss Agnes
Maloney; quartet, Emmett Glee Club;
monologue, Harry Auerbach; vocal solo,
Miss Daisy Keane; Gaelic song, Jeremiah
Deasy; selection. Gaelic Mandolin Club;
soprano solo, Miss Rosie Hicks: violin
solo. Master C. L. Leonard. Following
the entertainment there will be dancing.
It Is expected that there will be a large
attendance and that the Irish societies
will be well represented. v
PREPARING TO FITTINGLY
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY
These will receive in their new positions
$600 for the first year, $£-00 for the second
and $1000 for the third year and after.
Substitutes receive no regular salary, but
are awarded the same pay pro rata as the
men for whom they are substituted. Their
average earnings are from $25 to $30 per
month with a little added for delivering
special delivery . letters at 8 cents each.
The oldest appointed, substitute of those
promoted is Booth,' who was appointed
in January, 1899, and the most recent Is
Mr. Hemenway, who was appointed in
February, 1900. Some substitutes have
had to wait as long as five years to be
appointed on the regular force, but once
in, their position is good for life under
civil service rules, the Postmaster being
powerless to remove them except for neg
lect of duty or violation of the rules of
the department and upon being authorized
to do so by the Postmaster General.
In accordance with permission received
from the Postmaster General to add six
teen third-class letter carriers to the
present force in this city, Postmaster
Montague yesterday appointed the fol
lowing named from the substitute list to
take their new positions on August 1:
William J. Booth, Isador Simon, George
Schpepple, Duncan Mclntyre, Joseph F.
Code, John E. Lower, George W. Moore,
Charles O. Toy, Theodore McCarthy, Ed
ward H. Ziska, Charles Bevan, Charles
B. Kehoe, Thomas L. Dardis, Francis W.
Kehoe, Charles A. Brittan and C. E.
Hemenway.
to Salaries.
Head of the List, Promoted
SIXTEEN" MORE LETTER
CARRIERS APPOINTED
Lucky Substitutes, Taken From the
Butterfield also sold at auction the Wal
dorf Hotel, at 317 Powell street, and owes
more than $200 balance on this transac
tion. The missing man's relatives are not
anxious to make a settlement, and some
racy developments are to be expected.
Charles Ehn of 47 Post street also is
loser to the amount of $700 which he ad
vanced to Butterfleld. Among the other
creditors are an attache of the Railroad
saloon, who Is a victim of the "rush act"
for $40, and a poor woman on California
street, whose furniture Butterfield sold for
$200 and for which he has made no return.
Among the creditors that mourn But
terfleld's departure is R. H. Winston of
1026 Market street. Winston claims that
he has a clear case of embezzlement
against Butterfield. He claims he ad
vanced the auctioneer $500 with which to
buy the furniture for a flat, and that he
received no returns.
Butterfield, it is alleged, owes a large
amount of money. It is said by his
friends that the city became too tropical
for him. He formerly occupied offices in
the headquarters of Bovee, Toy & Sonn
tag, but when a Call reporter visited the
offices of that firm yesterday it was stated
that Butterfield had been absent for two
weeks and that it was not known where
he was.
The many creditors of Frank W. Butter
fleld, the auctioneer, of 624 Market street,
are anxious to meet him. Butterfield dis
appeared about two weeks ago,. and since
his exit there has been wailing and gnash
ing of teeth. .
Office Is Deserted and His
Whereabouts Is
Unknown.
BUTTERFIELD
LEWES TOWN
Creditors ? Mourning the
Vanishing of the
Auctioneer.
Best Eoutes to the Yosemite Vallev
Are via the Southern Paciflc.
Choice of three 'old-established stage
routes, with largest and best equipment.
Big tree groves en route. Rates low as
any, with or without- hotel or camp ac
commodations en route and in valley. Full
Information and literature ' 613 Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion. - . .~
Lectures on Socialism.
Odd Fellows' Hall was filled last night
to hear the Rev. 1 Charles H. .Vail , of New
Jersey, national organizer of the Social
Democratic party. expound"tho principles
of that political organization as opposed
to the competitive system. Vail's address
was upon the lines of the creation of the
co-operative commonwealth as opposed to
the civilization, of the. present day. He
was listened to with irarked interest, and
his audience seeme3 be in entire sym
pathy with hln* '
.¦.". Verus cures piles or $50 re\rj»i\l. All' up-,
to-date aruficists sell ar»d ciHrantee it. •¦•
-'.'-¦ • t . \ _ ¦
Do Not Miss This.
..All this week— ladies', shoes- and ties
that are worth ?2 50. for only 50c a pair
at the factory sale of shoes, 717 Market
street, near Third. • ¦¦ •
Philip Butler and Joseph Brown, while
fishing off a cliff north of the Cliff House
yesterday, were washed into the bay by a
breaker. Word was sent to the life-sav
ing station and the men on duty launched
a boat and rescued the imperiled fisher
men. The men were hurried ashore, and
Butler, who received injuries about the
spine, was sent to the Emergency Hospi
tal. Brown; who escaped with a wetting,
went to his home on Chestnut street. -He
is a' son of the late D. B. Brown, who was
drowned some years ago. Butler lives on
Fourth avenue," in Oakland, with his wife
and family.
Rescue* by Life Savers.
Mr.- and Mrs. M.. P. Mendelsohn an
nounce the bar mltzvah of their son Isa
dore July 27, at the Geary-street Temple.
They will receive their friends July 28
from 2 to 5 at their residence, 1333 Laguna
street. «
Mrs. Frank I. Kendall of Oakland is
spending the summer at Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino County.
Mrs. Lucy Long of Santa Barbara is
visiting in this city and Is located at the
International Hotel. ¦'¦¦¦
Mrs. J. Hilzinski and daughter Grace
of V'salia have, taken apartments at the
Hotel Miramar.
J. Edlin of this city has left for New
York on a business trip.
Mrs. Clara Bylngton has sent out cards
announcing the marriage of her daughter
Mary Clara Bylngton to Fred Charles
Boeckmann on Saturday, July 20
Miss Marion W. Kirby is visiting rela
tives at Fowler, Fresno County
The Alhambra Club at its last meeting
held Tuesday evening, July 16, at the I.
M. I. building, installed the following
newly elected officers: President, Frank
Walcott; vice president, Thomas J.
Lamey; recording secretary, James A.
Lamey; financial secretary, E. Parnow.
The club has decided to hold its second
annual picnic August 4 at Sunset Park, j
Mr. and Mrs. W. Creger announce ,the
confirmation of their son Henry, to take
place on Saturday, July 27, at -10 o'clock
a. m. at the Congregation Sherith Israel,
corner of Post and Taylor streets.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Rosie Mann and Max Rothstein. They
will receive at the home of- Mrs. David
Cohen, 1128& Turk street, Sunday, August
4, from. 2 to 5 o'clock.
William . R, Chambers and Miss Ida E.
Bickmore, a popular young lady of the
Mission, were united in marriage July 10
by Rev. Father Griffen at the home of
the bride's parents, 3677 Twenty-third
street. It was a quiet wedding, only the
relatives and a few intimate friends be
ing present. The house was prettily deco
rated with flowers. The bride wore a
white organdie gown, with white ribbon
and lace trimming. George Bickmore,
brother of the bride, acted as best man,
while Miss Lilly Reddy was bridesmaid.
The election of the officers of the Syn
thla Social and Literary Society, held at
their regular meeting at Wells Hall, Sun
day, July 21, resulted in the election of
the following officers: Jerom© M. Breyer,
president; Miss Sadie Meyer, vice presi
dent; Alfred Uhlman, secretary; Milvllle
Newfleld, treasurer.
A quiet wedding was solemnized last
Saturday afternoon, July 20, at the How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
the contracting parties being Dr. Robert
A. Peers of Colfax, Cal., and Miss Lula F.
Stewart of Toronto, Canada. The offici
ating clergyman was Rev. T. E. E.' Shore
of Toronto, Canada, and one of our-Ep
worth League visitors. After a wedding
trip through Southern . California the
newly wedded pair will make their home
in Colfax, Placer County, where Dr.
Peers holds the position of resident sur
geon of the Southern Paciflc.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
tic, Gulf and Pacific Co., Cahlll & Hall, Wyck
off, Seamans & Benedict, Occidental Rubber
Co., S. & G. Gump Co., Triest & Co., . D.
McCloud & Co., Paciflc Metal Works.. Joseph
Fredericks & Co. , L.. P. Degen and Lewis E.
Spear.
The writ of prohibition is made return
able on August 5. The court in bank will
then . decide the justice of the claim of
the Fire Commissioners that Judge Cook
is biased and Is therefore disqualified" from
passing Judgment in the case. — -
George Maxwell, former secretary of the
board, was also secretary of the benevo
lent association. When J. W. McCarthy
was appointed to succeed him he refused
to give over the books and funds of the
association. Action was brought to com
pel him to do so, and the matter has been
a source of considerable litigation. On
July 15 the Fire Commissioners petitioned
Judge Cook for a transfer on the: ground
that he was prejudiced in favor of Max
well. Three days later the petition was
denied and the case' set for trial on July
29. The board then sought the assistance
of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court yesterday granted
the petition of the Board of Fire Com
missioners that Judge Carroll Cook be en
joined from trying the case relating to
the trusteeship of property belonging to
the San Francisco Firemen's Benevolent
Association, which he had set for trial on
July. 29. The petition consists of a re
sume of the case and affidavits by each
member of the commission alleging that
Judge Cook cannot give the fair and Im
partial trial -to which they are legally en
titled. : - ' /
Fire Commission Gains
a Point Against
Maxwell.
SUPREME COURT
FORBIDS TRIAL
Must Remove Brick "Wall.
The City Attorney advised the Board
of Public "Works yesterday to order the
removal of a brick wall which extends
over eighteen inches upon the sidewalk on
eddy street, i.ear Franklin. The wall
was built by Harry and Charles Bush
under the claim that such privilege was
granted by the Supervisors by special res
olution granting a license to erect steps
extending eighteen inches upon the slde
7y?J^k n If . tl V e obstruction is hot removed
the Board of Works may cause the arrest
of the offending owners for maintaining
a public nuisance.
F\ S. Spaw is searching anxiously for
his wife, who left Oklahoma City May 14,
expecting to meet her husband here.
Spaw went from Fort "Worth, Tex., to Los
Angeles instead of securing work there
with the Southern Pacific He wrote to
his wife here, telling her of his change
In plans and arranging for her to Join
him in Los Angeles. Spaw received no
answer. Then he was taken sick and was
In bed four weeks. As soon as he had
recovered sufficiently he came to San
Fr?jiclsco, but has not been able to find
any trace of his wife.
Spaw fears that some misfortune has
overtaken Mrs. Spaw. He says they
parted on the best of terms and that she
could have no object in not answering
his letters. Spaw's San Francisco ad
dress -is 776 Fulton street
Searching for Missing Wife.
Poor Children.
The Board of Education yesterday ac
cepted the resignations of Miss Tillie Mc-
Carthy of the Lincoln School, Miss C. A.
Glidden of the Agasslz School and Miss
E. L. Morton, formerly of the Rincon
School, who has been on a two years'
leave of absence. Miss E. Cleary was
appointed to succeed Miss Glidden and
Miss E. Foley was transferred from the
Fairmount School to the place vacated by
Miss McCarthy.
The board adopted a resolution provid
ing that free vaccination of school chil
dren will hereafter be confined to the chil
dren of poor parents, and it will be neces
sary for these to obtain from the princi
pals of the schools they attend certificates
entitling them to such vaccination.
Board of Education Making Arrange
ments for the Vaccination of
BESIGNATIONS OF THREE
TEACHERS ABE ACCEPTED
For several years "Jeff" Chandler rep
resented a Missouri district in Congress,
and was prominent in the prosecution of
the star route cases. More recently he
has been a corporation lawyer and lobby
ist in and around Congress and the de
partments. He has been Identified more
or less with Pacific., railroad legal mat
ters, although he has never been regular
ly in their employment. He is 65 years of
age.
tee, sent out the famous message, "Hayes
has 186 votes and is elected." _*
No other prospective change in the or
ganization of the Southern Pacific as a
part of the Harriman system could create
as much consternation and uneasiness lo
cally as the transfer of the headship of
the law department to New York. Aside
from the direct effect of the change upon
Thurston would have an eye to it him
self, and his lieutenants would probably
be some of the lesser lights of the South
ern Pacific staff— men who are hand-in
glove with the Colonel Bradys, the Lon
Henrys and the Eddie Wolfes of politics.
GOING TO MARE
ISLAND TO-DAY
"When the change takes place "W. F.
Herrin will no doubt be given the choice
between "resignation" and relegation to
obscurity as local counsel for the South
ern Paciflc. Those who know Herrin best
say he will never submit to the humilia
tion of such reduction in rank, and they
assert that the appointment of Thurston
will mean the retirement of Herrin. How-
Senator Thurston was in San Francisco
at the time of the Presidential visit, but
the significance of his visit was not then
understood. Recent consolidations of of
fices, where possible, of the Harriman rail
roads, however, have set the "wise ones"
thinking, and the reports from New York
leave little doubt that their guess of a
shake-up coming in the Southern Paciflc
law department is correct.
Ex-Senator Thurston was a railroad at
torney long before he became a Senator.
"While he still lived at Omaha he was as
sistant attorney for the Union Pacific
Railway, which position he held from
1877 to 18S8. In 1888 he was made chief
counsel for the Union Pacific. Thurston
was elected Senator in 1S95, and his term
expired March 3 of this year. Since his
retirement from the Senate Thurston has
been preparing to devote most of his en
ergies to the Interests of the greatest of
railway syndicates, and he and Harriman
have been frequently in consultation in
New York.
Associated with Thurston will be Jeffer
son Chandler of "Washington, D. C.
Chandler and Thurston have offices to
gether in Washington and will open of
fices in New York, from which they will
take care of the legal interests of the
Harriman railway syndicate. 1
LOCAL railroad men received pri
vate information from New York
yesterday that a reorganization
of the staff of attorneys of the
Southern Pacific is to take place
in the near future. The law departments
of the Union Paciflc and the Southern
Pacific will be combined, it is said, with
former United States Seriator John M.
Thurston as chief counsel.
Wholesalers Will Pay
Visit to the Navy
Yard in Force.
The wholesalers " of San Francisco will
make a trip to Mare Island to-day for the
purpose of ascertaining the condition of
affairs at the island, and also to inquire
Into the reasons why ..ne navy yard does
not get more construction and repair
work. This is preliminary to forming a
plan of action tending to restore work to
be done en the coast to the island. About
200 business men will probably be in the
party. The steamer General Frisbie has
been engaged. It will leave Mission-street
dock, pier 2, at 10 a. m. The following are
some of the business firms that will be
represented:
W. W. Montague & Co., John A. Boebllng's
Sons Co., W. T. Garratt & Co., Payne's Bolt
¦\Vork«, American Steel and Wire Company,
I. Wlllard Beam. Pacific Saw Manufacturing
Company, Joshua Hendy Machine Works, Fred
Ward & Son, Brown & Adams, S. J. Clouger,
Judson Manufacturing Company, M. Green
berg's Sons, Bowers Rubber Company, Gutta
Percha Rubber Company, Hooper & Jennings,
Roth, Blum & Co., Holbrook. Merrill & Stet
eon, George W. Gibbs Co., Henshaw, Bulkley
& Co., Baker & Hamilton, George H. Tay Co.,
H. N. Cook Belting Co., George E. Dow Pump-
Ing Engine Co., John Breuner Co., Bass-
Hueter Paint Co.. C. G. Clinch & Co., Cun
ning-ham. Curtlss & Welch, H. 8. Crocker Co.,
Mack & Co., Charles C. Moore & Co., Tillmann
& Bendel, Wybro-Hendy Company, C. B. Kauf
man Railway Supply Co., Abner Doble Co.,
Electric Railway and Manufacturing Supply
Co.. L». Lebenbaum & Co., Underwood Type
writer ¦ Co., S. Dannenbaum & Son, Lake &
Co.. Healy, Tibbitts & Co., Will & Finck Co.,
Bannan's Typewriter Exchange, M. Ehrman
& Co.. P. Centemerl & Co.. Grant & Co.,
George H. Kahn, Pacific Tool and Supply Co.,
Paciflc Coast Rubber Co.. W. P. Fuller & Co.,
Howe Scale Co., Dalzlel & Moller, California
Saw 'Works. John Finn Metal Works C. W.
Marwedel, R. N. Naeon & Co., Murphy, Grant
& Co., Crane Company, Boesch Lamp Co.,
Meese & Gottfried Co., Goodyear Rubber Co.,
Whittier-Coburn Co., Boston Woven Hose and
Rubber <Co., Blum, Morris . & Co., Dunham,
Carrlgan & Hayden Co.. Tatum & Bowen,
Yates & Co., California Electrical Works, Mil
ler, Sloss & Scott, Gorham Rubber Co., Wag
ner Electric Manufacturing Co., Sanborn, Vail
& Co., Haas Bros., Patrick & Co., L. Dinkel
ffpiel & Sons. H. Lev! & Co., Parke & Lacy
'Co.. Fairbanks, Morse & Co.. Chicago Pneu
matic Tool Co., J. C. Wlnans, Bay City Manu
facturing and Rubber Co., Madison, Bruce &
Sellers, Union Lumber Co., Bernhard Mattress
Co.. Le\'enson & Co., California Powder Works,
The A. Lietz Co., Eaton Rubber Co. A S
Carman. Payot, Upham & Co., Le. Count Bros*
Co., California Wire Cloth Co.. King Keystone
Oil Co., N. Clark & Son, Waterhouse & Price
Standard Oil Co., W. & J. Sloane & Co., The
Harry Unna Co., West Coast Wire ' & Iron
Works. McDearmon & Co., The Garlock Pack
ing Co., Angl*-Amerlcan Crockery and Glass
Co., Sachs Bros. & Co., Dearborn Drug and
Chemical Works, Tracy Engineering Co De
Solla-Dcusslng Co.. Ensign & McGufflck, Louis
Weule, Brooks-Follis Electric Co.. Rinaldo
Bros. & Co., B. Relss & Son, Cahn. 1 Nichels
burg & Co., California Wire Cloth Co. Utica
Cleansing Compound Co.. Taylor & Prltchard
California Hydraulic Eng. and Supply Co '
Thomas Day Co., D. N. & E. Walters & Co!,'
Richard H. Grey. Hlrsch & Kaiser, Leonard
& Ellis. Gets Broe. & Co., General Supply Co
Hoffman. Rothchild & Co.. Greenebaum Weil!
& Michaels. Dibert Manufacturing Co. The
Compressed Air and Machinery Co. , . Atlan
• • v ¦'..' '¦¦","¦..;¦ .
There Is also the possibility of the two
ranking next the four successful sergeants
being promoted eoon. It Is no secret that
Captain Glllen, who got a three months'
reprieve at the last meeting of the Pen
sion Commissioners, is not improving in
health, and his retirement at the next
Quarterly meeting on a pension Is almost
a foregone conclusion. It is also reported
that Captain Eplllane will never be fit for
active duty again and he will also be re
tired on a pension. That will leave two
promotions for lieutenants within the next
three months.
Chief fjullivan called upon the Civil Ser
xice Commissioners yesterday and was as
sured that the examination would be held
soon ?Jid that all they were waiting for
was a list of the sergeants who were pre
pared to undergo the test. The list will
be furnished as soon as possible and the
date will be fixed. There are four lieu
tenants to be appointed. At* present there
are six, but the charter says unequivocal
ly that there shall be ten, or two for each
captain.
In speaking of the matter yesterday the
Chief said: "Although there is no amount
net apart for ten lieutenants in the ap
propriation, the charter is specific that
there shall be that number. I propose
that the charter shall be obeyed and there
•will be no difficulty, as enough money can
be saved to pay the difference between
the pay of four sergeants and four lieu
tenants. In the examinations merit and
Jong service will, of course, be a factor
In deciding upon the successful applicants
in accordance with the terms of the char
ter. It is possible that the examination
of corporals to fill the vacancies caused
by the promotion of the four sergeants
will be held at the same time."
The examination by the Civil Service
Commissioners of sergeants who aspire to
be lieutenants in the Police Department,
which has been expected for some months,
will be held in a few days, and there Js
already much speculation as to who will
be the lucky ones.
List of Aspirants to Be Fur
nished by Chief Sulli
van Soon.
Civil Service Examina
tion for New Lieu-,
tenants.
POLICE WAITING
FOR PROMOTION
THE SAN FRAJTOISCO CALIi, .WEDNESDAY, JULY 24; 1901.
ever that may be, the change will mean
the tumbling about Herrin's ears of the
beautiful political structure which v he has
erected and at the portals of which* he
still stands guard In spite of President
Hays' dictum that the fascinating game
must be played no more. Even ..should
Herrin swallow his chagrin and remain
with the railroad to settle with farmers
for cows killed within his bailiwick he
will not be a power in politics under the
new regime.
John M. Thurston is recognized as one
of the most astute politicians of the coun
try. Should the interests of the Harri
man syndicate require the giving of at
tention to politics in California doubtless
the fortunes of Herrin and his associates,
every politician, local boss and country
editor who has done politics with the rail
road as a chief means of his support will
feel the ground crumbling: "¦ beneath his
feet when an Eastern attorney with New
York headquarters is given Herrin's pres
ent prerogatives to add to his authority
in other portions of the Harriman syndi
cate.
Jefferson Chandler's name Is well known
all over the United States. For many
years Chandler was a prominent figure in
politics. He was a leading politician, in
1876 when Hayes was nominated for the
Presidency, and it was he who, as chair
man of the Republican National Commit-
Jefferson Chandler of Washington, D.C.,to Be His Associate, With Headquarters
in New York-W. F. Herrin Will Probably Be Given Choice of Resignation
From Southern Pacific Law Department or Employment in Minor Capacity
EX-SENATOR THURSTON TO BE CHIEF
COUNSEL FOR HARRIMAN SYNDICATE
EX-SENATOR JOHN M. THURSTON, WHO, ACCORDING TO INFORMA
TION, WILL, BECOME CHIEF COUNSEL FOR HARRIMAN RAILWAY
SYNDICATE, INCLUDING THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PHONE HOWARD IQZL
119 TAYLOR STREET.
THE BEST FOR THE LEAST MONEY.
FLOUR S°2S?..^.^...^...f?69B
i luuii SaJe on aU bran<Ja thl3 UuU
week.
CORN MEAL »IS 0^: 25c
Kiln-dried; sterilized. Regular *S5c.**
CnpO Very best ranch, dozen ftf|«
0LIVE0ILSf ; ie-ii95c
MASON JAHStS|3S75if
free. Ask other's price.
COFFEE ?fb^. an . d . J . a : a .. B . r . ok . en 50c
uui i ll Full strength aad fla .OUU
vor. Can't be beat.
flPO White or Black. 10 lbs OC»
r |W SKttSiS!" chance - Clos -^OC
WINES sr/a r n^. en ?:. fl . ve .. ye . ar3 65c
St. Lawrence Vineyard. UOU
Regular $L0O.
Extra List of Specials Issued at Stcre.
values/
During the balance of this month, and prior to
our Semi-Annual Stock-Taking Julu 31st, we
will offer large guantities of HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS at VERY LOW PRICES,
275 FINE IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2, 2y* ana 3
Bards long fig 2 uards wide, at $2.00, $2.75
and S3.OO each. NAPKINS, 24 lncnes snuare,
to match, $3.00 dozen, all good designs.
300 Dozen 24 and 26 INCH BLEACHED DAMASK NAP-
KINS, Yern handsome designs, from Irish, German
and Scotch factories. These Napkins have not ann
cloths to match.
Price S3.5O Dozen.
300 Dozen Extra Size BLEACHED AND LOOM HUCK
TOWELS, hoth hemmed and hemstitched. These
Towels are from one of the lest makers In Ireland.
Price S3.5O Dozen.
•30 Pieces SATIN DAMASk TABLE LINEN, 70 Inches
wide, vern handsome designs. These Damasks are
from the celehrated house of Wm. Ewart & Sons,
Belfast, Ireland.
Price Sl.OO Yard.
DINNER NAPKINS to matGh eYern pattern, \
S3.5O Dozen.
300 Pieces IRISH TOWELING AND GLASS LINENS, purg
< linen and full 18 inches wide. These are from tb.8
factories In Ireland of Richardson and Llddell.
Price 12' s c Yard.
3 Cases EXTRA HEAVY WHITE TURKISH BATH
TOWELS, 50 Inches long and 23 Inches wide. These
Towels are pure finish and free from anij sizing.
Price &3.OO Dozen,
OR 23c EACH.
III, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. I
I DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. §
(?) Emma Spreekeli Bui' ling, K*«as 413-413. ©
(S> Offics Houm 10 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P. M. %
® Sundays, 18 A. M. to 2 P. M. <•>
TWO 50-VARAS
FToctlne on Stockton street, between 2Tortn
Potnt and Bewh streets. 137:6x275.
" For further particulars apply
G. H, UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery it.
REFEREE SALE.
By Order of O. H. TJMBSEN. Sola Referee.
At auction at our salesroom, MC^IDAT, July
», 1301, 12 o'clock noon, the
I a^ FAVOR STE
& FOBjyEASi WQftgER(,
A retrarfl o£ flOO will be paid for such Infor-
mation as wnl lead to the arrest and convic-
tion of the pfirty that assaulted ERIC G. ROB-
ERTS at tjie corner of First and Howard
etreets on Tuesday, July 16. 1801. f ¦
j UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
$100 REWARD !
DR. GROSSMAN'S v
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
F °£* 1 - h< l Cni *' ol Gonorrhoea. Gleots.
Stricture. «nd analoHou. complaint*
o* ths Organs ofi Generation.
Price U a bctUe. For kala by 4r&«ttt»,
. :^^^^fe Semiannual .', \
:'.M|Z'iClE Clearance Sale!
J^MlMi'iiw,, (SS$f/%^ " Special Bargains
¦¦¦mUfmSWt : ' '"^V Department.
. y^SS^'f^^n^^^^S^ -Handsome Bedroom Suits— Brass
£jfe53I<£§^f £ eds - Separate Bureaus. Chiffoniers,
*$B^z~?f$&£ ~ ww ****%'^v~^^gj~: , Fancy Rockers, Folding Beds an.i
w^^YT^J/'-Sa^^^^^^^^ other household goods which you
«ci^ ; 7^^^** "ss?=" can secure at prices never. before of-
' 3^8^2^T^ Don't Miss This Opportunity.
. Special Discounts from io to 40 per cent for cash.
¦ THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE.
. Cash or Credit. ,
M&PT* U niRMSTISS^PII ¦-¦¦.f0!5:!0i7Ma-ketSt
lUlBlHftljJl.*^ B UlllV S'- > Unil J#Oit CpP«»iteTav»-r Street.
¦ ¦¦!¦ 11 .¦»»¦»»» -^ • ¦ *— T * *— 1 »¦ . TjI. South 37>.
LOWEST PBIGEf
EV g R WADE
WALL "PAPER.
FIGURED paper. 3e per rol!
GILT " /..... 5c ••
EMBOSSED "/ 10c "
G. W. CL/ARK&CO.
653 Market Street.
Do IV!
attending
to your
your sight iwilS
is in the
least defective, or if jfefj
ycu are not fitted with f/fP'i
the right lenses. Ee- *W
cause improper lenses
or a continual straining of
the eyes for want of glasses
is often attended with seri-
ous consequences. We are
able to fit ycu perfectly with
the best glasses that money
can buy.
1 I pay $25 a month rent My
I competitor pays J250. That is
J ¦why I can Save you ;
33J PER CENT ;
I 0» EYEGLASSES OS SPE0T.1CLE3
E. MAXWELL. Expert Optician.
I FS° m **> st3 «n floor. Academy
KET C ST Ces BuIMlns - 8I9 PAR-
TAKE* THE ELEVATOR.
ADVERTISEMENTS.