r Continued on Pags Threa.
I Continued on Page Two.
Khedive of Egypt Visits Paris.
PARIS. Sept. 1.— Abbas Pasha. Khedive
of Egypt,' has arrived In Paris from Di
vonne.
- •
Wife Finds Him Dying on the Floor
With a Bullet Hole in His
Breast.
ROME. N. Y., Sept. 1.— Robert Wilson,
formerly owner of the R. M. Wilson bath
tub works in this city, was shot and
almost instantly killed by a revolver in
his own hand at his summer home at Syl
van Beach last evening. "Wilson had been
sitting on the porch with his wife and
three children. He had»been gone a few
minutes -when Mrs. Wilson was startled
by the discharse of. a firearm, and she
went Into the house and there on the floor
lay her husband breathing his last, with
a bullet hole in his breast. Rumors of |
suicide are denied. It is said that Wilson
VttJd a friend recently that he carried
£50,000 on his life.
KYSTESY STJKROTJNDS DEATH
OF RETIRED BUSINESS MAN
There is much doubt In Washington
among ¦ naval officers who know Samp
son's ' condition whether » he will i even be
able. to make a deposition whenthe court
meets; It. is feared he may. not live until
the' day fixed for its assembly. His death
would not make any difference in the 'pro'-'
Another of Schley's intimate friends
and advisers r declared that they would
have Sampson in the courtroom if he 3:ad
to' be carried in on a stretcher. Y.
As a matter of fact, aside from the de
sire of Schley's counsel to cross-examine
him in public, 'there 'is little reason why
Sampson would be summoned before the
court. It is -not understoqd that his tes
timony will be a matter of vital import
ance. All' of his orders and correspond
ence are matters of record in the Navy
Department and will be before the court/
In addition to this the court will have"
the testimony of Captain Chadwlck, who
commanded the New York; and was
Sampson's' chief of staff, -and of other
officers" of his: staff.
REAR ADMIRAL WHOSE' ILL
NESS SUPPLIES PROBLEM
FOR NAVAL COURT. ,
' \ "He has not. made-up his mind when he
will "return to the'Boston. yard. , When he
left lU.was" his .Intention to"- stay'
-in 'th*e; mountains about .three weeks." ,
. : : : :¦¦¦¦: .... .- .':.- : •
ceedings,' except to eliminate his personal
testimony. His death would advance Rear
'Admiral Frederick 1 Rodgers into the class
of rear admirals, whose sea 'pay is $7500
per year, and would [ promote , Captain
Frank Wildes, captain of the navy yard
at New York, to the grade of rear .ad
miral/.', ¦ ; : . /Vi __^j___ v v '-. ' >
. SAMPSON . MAY. BE . FEIGNING.
Friend of theEear Admiral. Declares
• ; : , Hs is Not 111. ':'['
LAKE 'STJNAFEE, . N. H.. Sept." 1.—
Admiral- William T: Sampson, who. .with
Mrs. .Sampson,; has been staying here at
Burke Haven Head Hotel for the last ten
days,. is' said by his "friends to be in as
good condition physically; as he. has been
at "any time since, he 'took command of
Charlestowri; navy-rvard. ' ; \
"In fact," said'a friend,' who talked with
him a'day.or^two ago.. ."he seemed to
have 'improved noticeably since" leaving
Boston,' and all this talk-about him being
a- sick man 1 has no 'more foundation than
it had six month's' ago\ s - Admiral Sampson
is spending most, of his time in the open
air, taking •jwalks and sailing on the lake.
When I saw him'he( was thinking" of tak
ing a hand'at-golf the following day. The
admiral has'.; had a good appetite •" three
times J a 'day since; he; arrived at the lake,
and-\follows 'the .'routine! life tof other
guests, at. "the: 'hotel.. 1 After dinner ¦- he
enjoys ' a cigar on; the^ ¦; verar.da . ' and a
chat -with acquaintances on. the news of
,the-day.-V v?;«v* .'¦-..•;.¦.-' .¦¦'' ; /
' There has been some difference of opin
ion among lawyers engaged in the case
as to whether it would be not possible to
take his testimony by deposition. Law
officers of the Navy Department do not
believe that this can be done, except by
unanimous consent. Depositions are not
admissible before a naval court-martial,
and, .although courts of inquiry have more
latitude, they follow In a .general way the
rules for- courts-martial. In view of the
great importance. of the Schley court of
inquiry, it is believed that the rules will
be adhered to very! strictly, and that if
counsel for either* side should object to
the receipt of a deposition it would not
be admitted by the court. It is possible
that an agreement may be .reached be
tween both sides i to have Rear Admiral
Sampson's testimony taken by deposition!
but Schley's counsel have shown a'deter
mination to get Rear Admiral • Sampson
into the courtroom, -one of them intimat
ing, that if he -was sick now, he- would
be .a . great deal sicker when they tot
through with him.
-,.-... ' ¦: -
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., "WASHINGTON, Sept. 1.—
Acting Secretary of the Navy
Hackett has received no recent
information as to the state of
Rear Admiral Sampson's health. It is
known at the Navy Department, however,
\hat he is very ill, and there is very little
hope that he will be able to appear as a
witness before the court of Inquiry. In the
event that he is not able to appear It is
probable that the court will adjourn, and
will go in a body to Burke Haven, N. H.,
to take his testimony.
light Thousand Liberals Make Not
able Demonstration in Front of
Amalienborg Palace.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 1.— At noon to
day King Christian, witnessed from
Amalienborg- Palace, a notable demon
stration by the Liberals in his honor.
Eight thousand persons passed in review.
The King, in the presence of Queen Alex
andra, King George, the Dowager Czarina
and other royal personages, received a
special deputation, who thanked him for
reposing confidence in the people and ap
pointing a* Liberal Ministry.
1 In the course of a gracious speech of re
ply. King Christian said the Ministry
might rest assured of every support on
his part and he trusted the majority of
the people would support them in a much
more difficult task as responsible Gov
ernment leaders.
Amid great enthusiasm his Majesty
"then proceeded to one of the balconies and
proposed a cheer for "Our beloved father
land." .
JZLNOr CHRISTIAN EAKXS
THANKS OF THE PEOPLE
"When some of the officers of the Phae
ton were going over the field of action
next day and the Government patrols
were carrying away the dead to the fune
ral trenches and the wounded to the pris
ons, already filled with the unfortunates,
the naval officers saw many sights that
proclaimed' that the field had been 'one
on which a bloody affray had taken place.
The first sight that caught their eyes as
they drove along a roadway across the
plain was a blood-covered stretcher lying
where, it had been tossed into the ditch
by the roadside. A little further along
the road they overtook a carriage which
bore a wounded man, evidently an officer,
and Bitting beside him were other officers
of the Government forces supporting hini,
while behind the carriage in which the
groaning officer was stretched came a
disorderly looking lot of soldiers*.
There were few engagements between
Government and rebel forces while the
Phaeton lay off Panama, but one of these
that did occur was a most sanguinary af
fair. It took place after nightfall on the
field just without the city, and although
none of the ship's company of the war
ship saw the action the sounds of the fir
ing proved that a stirring action was tak
ing place, and next morning when the
patrols were marching over the, field from
which the rebels had fled the many
wounded left groaning In pain and the
dead lying here and there on ,the grass
and amidst the shrubbery showed that a
fierce fight had taken place.
VICTORIA, Sept. 1.-H. M. S. Phaeton
returned to-day from her cruise in south
ern waters, where part of the time sjie
was anchored off Panama to protect the
interests of the Britishers during the
revolutionary struggle there. Her officers
state that Panama, while not in an
actual state of siege, was little different,
for the rebel force3 were in the field Just
beyond the city and there were barricades
on the streets, and on the bridge under
which the railway runs which connects
Colon with Panama, the Atlantic with the
Pacific, there was a masked battery in a
barricade of logs which stretched across
the bridge.
Struggles' in Panama.
Officers of the Phaeton Tell of the
BRITISH ON A BATTLEFIELD.
Norfolk Island -will be one of the most
Important stations of this cable route, as
ell messages to Australia and New Zea
land will converge there to be repeated.
Steamship Taking Soundings Discov
ers a Range of Submarine Moun
tains Off Australia.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. L— An Interesting
•work on the British trans-Pacific cable,
which Is to be the longest one ever laid,
has been received at the State Depart
ment from Consular Agent Robinson at
Norfolk Island, under date of June 20.
The report states that on the passage
across to Norfolk Inland from Brisbane,
Australia, soundings were taken every
ten miles by the British cable steamer
Britannia, which is being used to mark
out a track for the cable. About a hun
dred miles from the coast an obstruction
¦was met in the shape of a range of sub
marine mountains lying directly in the
track, and a deviation to the south had to
be made in order to clear it. The greatest
depth obtained was 2S00 fathoms, and the
? most shallow 237 fathoms, the latter being
the depth recorded -when the ship was
right above the tops of the mountains. It
has been decided to land the cable at
Anson Bay, on the west side of Norfolk
Island. Anson Bay Is six miles from
Kingston Settlement, and a cable house is
to be built clos3 in to the shore.
TRAITS-PACIFIC CABLE TO
BE XONGEST EVEB LAID
CARACAS. Sept. L— The - Venezuelan
Government has published a memoran
dum remitted to all foreign governments
in explanation of the attitude it has
adopted in connection with the Venezue
lan-Colombian controversy. In diplomatic
circles here the question is considered
very serious. ;. * V v'
COLON. Colombia, Sept. L— Government
reinforcements numbering sixty left Colon
last evening for Bocas del Toro. ¦ •
There is no disposition to recall any of
the vessels sent to the Isthmus. The Ma
chias may be reinforced at Colombia by
one or more of vessels on the North At
lantic squadron. The battleship Iowa,
which has been coaling at Acapulco, sailed
from there last night ror Panama, and,
with the Ranger, will be all the force that
will be required on that side of the Isth
mus.
I It is probable that official reports will
be received- to-morrow.*" If they bear out
the press dispatches they will Indicate
that the situation has become much worse
instead of better.
Colombia does not want war, and Minis
ter Silva and Secretary of Legation Her
ran are confident that the people of Ven
ezuela do not want It. They hold only
one man responsible for the present
strained relations between the two re
publics—President Castro. They believe
he realizes that the movement against
him in his own country Is gaining strength
daily and that he hopes to counteract
this and unite Venezuelans by plunging
them into a foreign war which would ap
peal to their patriotism.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
TV., "WASHINGTON, Sept. L-It is feared
here that it may be impossible to prevent
hostilities between Venezuela and Colom
bia. The action of President Castro in
withdrawing the exequaturs of all Co
lombian consuls in Venezuela can be in
terpreted in only one way: that he is de
termined to force the two countries into
war. At the Colombian legation, no ofll
cial information confirming the press
dispatches has yet been received, and
it is hoped that President Castro has
not taken the step which will almost in
evitably lead to war. Minister Silva sent
a cablegram to his government to-night
asking for Information as to the present
situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The train service on all roads was
blocked from two to six hours 'by tho
ctorm and flood. Every road entering the
city was handicapped by sand ~and dirt
which was swept over the tracks. Sev
eral washouts occurred, the worst being
on the Lake Shore near Gordon Park,
The Superior-street trestle of the Lit
tle Consolidated is practically" ruined, and
this, with other serious damage on the
lines of the company, extending on the
West Side, will run its less away into the
thousands.
Train Service.
Tho torrent surged with great force for
hours in Deering street, from Fairmount
to the boulevard, and more than a dozen
families were penned in, with water five
and six feet deep surrounding their
homes. At this point the life-saving crew
worked valiantly, and, assisted by squads
of firemen and' policemen, finally suc
ceeded in landing the terror-stricken peo
ple in places of safety. The fear was
greatly, enhanced by the momentary ex
pectation that the great Shaker Heights
dam would break. -•'*•'
Shortly before noon the torrent under
mined a score of graves In the . St. Jo
seph Cemetery, at the corner of. East
Madison and "Woodland streets, and the
bodies were soon • being 1 tossed about hi
the waters. Fully a dozen corpses were
washed into the gutters and had not been
recovered late to-night.'
. The flood broke over the banks of Doase
Brook all along the boulevard and caused
damage that It will take months to re
pair. ; Great Jagged holes are torn In the
beautiful driveway.
Gordon and :Wade parks, on the east
side, and Brookside " Park, on the south
side, where the water also did great dam
age as it leaped over the banks of 'Big
Creek, sustained J10O.0OO damage.
Through Glenyille the . overflow was
very, destructive. Many houses were
swamped, culverts torn out and several
streets turned Into quagmires. The loss
in the villiage is estimated at $100,000.
The street railways will suffer heavy
loss,. extending in varying degrees over
every portion of the city. The Big Con
solidated will. have to rebuild tracks over
different parts of the inundated East End
district and the loss Is placed at $50,000.
Life' Savers Rescue Residents.
Hundreds of residents who were im
prisoned in their beautiful homes like
stranded Islanders were almost panic
stricken, expecting to be called upon to
wade out into the swirling waters- at any
minute. Danger signals were flashed about
the, city as speedily as the disabled tele
phone system would allow and the work
of rescue commenced. Rowboats plied
back and forth assisting families from
perilous positions, but these boats proved
inadequate and it was soon found necessa
ry to go to the extraordinary precaution
of calling 'on the life saving crew from the
river, a distance of seven miles. The life
boats were quickly loaded on wagons and
hurried to the scene of destruction.
'The waters spread over an area In the
eastern part of the city nearly eight miles
long and a mile and a half wide. This
extended from "Woodlands Hills avenue
to East Cleveland and back to East Mad
ison avenue.
""Houses Are Undermined.
Great volumes of water poured over
from Doane and Giddings brooks down
Quincy street, swamped Vienna, street,
rushed over Cedar avenue, back over East
Prospect street, ' raced like a mill race
jiown. Lincoln avenue / to Euclid avenuo.
and then "on to. Glen ParK-place, witero
houses were undermined as though built
of straw, and great damage was done to
streets and property.
Over a lase share of this exclusive resi
dence territory the water rushed with ter
rific force, varying in depth from one to
six feet. Culverts, trestles and bridges
were torn down and for hours nothins
seemed capable of stemming the tide.
The overflow was caused by a heavy
rain that commenced to fall shortly after
2 o;clock, turning into a genuine cloud
burst between the hours of 3 and 5, and
then continued with great force until near
ly 10 o'clock. The storm, according to the
weather officials, was the heaviest that
has swept Cleveland since the establish
ing of the Government bureau In this cjty.
more than forty years ago. There was
no loss of life. .'.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 1.— With the break
ing of dawn this morning the citizens of
Cleveland awoke to look upon a scene of
devastation and destruction caused by a
raging flood. "While the entire city was
more or Ies3 affected, the great volume
of water vented its anger over miles of
the eastern portion and caused damage
estimated at $1,000,000.
The Manila Times declares that the
traffic is more base than that formerly
existing in the United States, Mozambique
or Zanzibar, since in those countries the
chief object was cheap labor. In Manila
the slave trade has depravity and immor
ality for Its basis.
Tempted by this opportunity to gain
riches, their Inhuman and poverty-strick
en parents openly sell them to rich Chi
nese arid Filipinos. Many girls prefer to
be sold to living in poveriy at home.
manner In which the bargaining Is con
ducted. Shapely Filipino girls bring sev
eral hundred dollars each in Mexican
money.
The places where slaves are sold axe
pclnteo out by the Times, and details are
given both of recent sales and of the
This Is the substance of the sensational
allegations made by the Manila Times,
which seeks to have the American offi
cers investigate the matter and stop the
Infamous traffic In human flesh.
MANTLA. Aug. 4 (via Tacoma, Sept 1).
— Filipino girls from 10 to 16 years old are
being sold into slavery by their parents
in the regular slave markets In Manila
¦under the very eyes of the police and
civil authorities.
Epedtf Dispatch to The Call.
"This was the most .reasonable propo
sition which has ever been made to the
assocaltkm, and it was clearly the. duty
of : President ; Shaffer '. to have . accepted it
then, and there. But instead of doing
this, he turned it down flatly' in a speech
in which he declared that all must be
Sha£E«r Rejects the OfTer.
"I obtained these facts from a man
high in office in the -East," said Mr.
Hickey, "who was present at the con
ference, and I afterward confirmed the
statements 'from members of the exec
utive board. Judge Gary, former presi
dent of the Federal Steel Company, was
present at the conference, and x he is
now a high official- of the United States
Steer Corporation. He, I am informed,
'was in -favor of signing the scale for all
the -.mills in the combine, but this did
not meet the approval of Mr. Schwab,
who thought it too radical a move. -Mr.
Morgan then offered Shaffer four addi
: tional mills for which he was willing to
sign the • scale as an experiment,- and
then he told Mr. Shaffer that if the or
ganization kept faith in thes'e four mills
and lived up to the agreement he would
: pledge his word 'that In two years every
mill. in the combine would be included in
the contract; with the 'Amalgamated As
sociation. : , .
Hickey reported that 72 per cent of the
mills were now working and that in his
opinion the strike was practically lost.
Hickey opened his remarks with a re
view ef the conferences with the repre
sentatives of the United States Corpora
tion preceding the strike, in which he de
clared that. Messrs. Morgan and Schwab
outlined their policy toward organized'
labor. Hickey went into these details
to show that Secretary Tighe and Presi
dent Shaffer had misrepresented the facts
when they appealed to the members of
the association' to 'strike* on' the ground
that the steel corporation was .determined
to crush organized labor and ruin the
Amalgamated Association. He main
tained'that the. proposition- offered by
Morgan had fceen r falr.
Hickey Denounces Shaffer.
"The object of the meeting," said Presi
dent Redfern, "was not to vote upon the
question of returning to work, but to
listen to the report of Messrs. Hickey and
Cooper, who have been fn the East to see
what Is the real situation. The strike has
now -been : on here for two' weeks, and
during that time "the members of the
lodge here have heard absolutely nothing
about the! real situation from the national
officers. All that we have known we have
seen in the papers, and last week a num
ber of the members had a meeting and
decided to send Cooper and Hickey back
East to find out these " things". Their re
port was absolutely satisfactory and was
well received, but I have no idea what the
action of the lodge will be or whether
there will be any action taken."
¦Hickey had little to' say of the confer
ence in Pittsburg with President. Shaffer
and other national officers. The address
was mainly of a personal nature, in which
President Shaffer was charged with hav
ing violated the constitution in ordering
the strike. Many other matters dealing
with the history of the association came
up for discussion. ¦
¦~ Nearly all the members of the lodge
were present when the meeting was called
to- order: President Joseph Redfern of
the local lodge presided. After the meet
ing he said there had been no vote taken,
although no one had questioned the accu
racy of any of Hickey's statements His
remarks will be - reported in full to the '
general officers of 'the organization and
may result, in bringing Assistant* Secre
tary Tighe here again, or some other "rep
resentative of the; v Grand Ledge. ;
' v Men Will Await Orders.
era , said., that ; so- far -It
appears ii> be'tlie" opinion of themajority
that, the men should not return to work
until they. had been ordered back by the
national officers.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 1.— Charges that
the national officers of the Amalgamated
Association had misrepresented the atti
tude of the United States Steel Corpora
tion toward organized labor in order to
get the members of- the association out on
strike were made by former Vice Presi
dent J. D. Hickey at the meeting of the
Bay View Lodge, to-night. Mr. Hickey
gave the members the result of his trip
to Pittsburg, whither he went to investi
gate the situation in regard. to the steel
strike. He said the strike appeared to be
lost and it may take years to repair the
damage already done to the association.
Hickey made no recommendation to the
lodge as to Its future action, but it Is be
lieved his speech may cause a change in
sentiment, not -only in Bay View, but in
other olace3 in the fourth district.
Torrent Invades a Cemetery, Where
Bodies Are .Washed Out and Swept*
Away; in Gutters Lining the '
Withdrawal of the Exequaturs of Co
lombian Consuls in Venezuela
Practically Means a Call
to Anns.
Extraordinary Charges Are Made by
a Newspaper in Luzon
Against the New Civil
Officials.
Union Agent Sent East to Invesfigate
Attacks President. Shaffer f or ,
Having Ordered' the*
Walk-Out. t2 - !
United States ( Authorities
Said to Permit the
Business.
Residents Are Driven From
Their Homes by Angry -vX^
i • Waters, i
Washington Regards News
Prom the Republics as
Alarming.
Admits That Seventy-Two
Per Cent of the Mills Are
i Operating.
President Castro Seems
Determined to Go
to War.
Damage in Ohio City.
Reaches a Million
Dollars.
Parents of Filipino Girls
Besume Abominable
Traffic.
¦
Hickey -Makes Report to
| Bay View Lodge in
• . Milwaukee.
SELL SLAVES
IN MARKETS
OF MANILA
LIFE-SAVING
CREW WORKS
ON STREETS
IMPOSSIBLE
TO PREVENT
HOSTILITIES
LEADER SAYS
STEEL STRIKE
HAS FAILED
SCORES OF CLEVELAND RESIDENCES ARE SWEPT AWAY
BY FLOOD THAT FOLLOWS TERRIFIC DOWNPOUR OF RAIN
PRICE FIVE CEN TS.
SAN MONDAY^ SEPTEMBER 2, " 19011
VOLUME XC- NO. 94.
COURT OF INQUIRY MAY TAKE
TESTIMONY AT THE BEDSIDE
OF REAR ADMIRAL SAMPSON
Counsel for Schley Is Determined: to Bring His Rival Before the
Investigating Body, but the Naval Officer -s Condition Is So
Serious That Death May vlntervene Before" ,:the 'Hearing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.The Rev. Krank Harmon, an English
Baptist missionary at Chouping. has just
traversed Northern and .Eastern Shan
tung>*He says the Christians -are openly
threatened with extermination. Families
whose homes were destroyed last year by
Boxers and -who have since found, refuge
with friends are in a serious flredica
ment. fearing to endanger their kind
friends by remaining longer with them.
Throughout Shantung the Boxers are or
ganizing- and. drilling at night time has
commenced.
-TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. L— Mail Orien
tal advices indicate that the Boxer move
ment will be soon again -in full swing in
Shantung province. Missionaries through
out that province are alarmed at the
growing hostility of the natives toward
both the mUs'cnaries and native converts.
ing Hay Occur in China.
Banger That Another Serious Upris-
BOXERS ABE "DRTLUJSG.
BERLIN. Sept. L— It is riow_very doubt
ful, according: -to a dispatch to the Lokal
Anxelger from Basle. Switzerland,
whether Prince Chun wiil come to Berlin
to make formal apology for the murder
of Baron Kettler. Members of the ex
piatory mission say: »
"Under present conditions we can never
go to Berlin. We would rather die than
accept them."
It appears that they object particularly
to Prince Chun's attendants prostrating
themselves before Emperor "William, in
asmuch as this is a special honor reserved
for the Emperor of China, and would in
volve a recognition of the Kaiser's equal
ity.
The following- information Is given re
garding Prince Chun's speech to the
Kaiser. Prince Chun intended to say:
"The Chinese Government regrets that
Baron von Ketteler was killed;" but the
German Government dictated the follow
ing form: "The Chinese Government begs
pardon for the murder of the German
Minister. Baron von Ketteler." ' ¦
The Chinese in Basle are trying to give
the case international prominence by em
phasizing the fact that one ot the digni
taries selected for prostration .was made a
baronet by Queen Victoria, while another
has the criss of the Legion -of Honor.
It is alleged that Emperor William is
determined that the protocol shall be
signed before he receives Prince Chun
and that he will insist upon an apology
for the murder of Baron von Ketteler.
Beyond that, however, the ceremony of
reception will be deprived of everything
cf a humillatlnsr character, full honors
being awarded to Prince Chun, as a
brother of Emperor Kwang Su, on his
way to the palace.
LONDON, Sept. 2— "The delay in the
promulgation of the edicts necessary to
complete the protocol is due to the Chun
difficulty," says a dispatch to the Times
from Peking. "The Chinese version Is
tlxat Emperor- William insisted upon
Prince Chun kotowing-, and when this was
refused wanted his suite to kotow. For
a century past all envoys of Peking have
refused to i>erf orm this barbaric cere
mony and there Is great - astonishment
here that Germany has raised the ques
tion, as the German Minister Is so anxi
ous to get the protocol signed that he has
to-day, for the second - time, ' urged the
Ministers not to wait for the edict, but to
get the protocol signed and to trust the
Chinese envoys for securing he edicts
afterward."
V William.
Prince Chun May Refuse
to Bend the Knee to
REGARDS KAISER
AS AN INFERIOR
«- In your business and work. If you let Chris
tianity stop when you leave the church door,
there Is not much righteousness in you. The
man who carries Christianity Into his everyday
work Ftands a better chance of making a suc
cess cf life than one who does not.
One of the moet abhorrent traits of character
a man can possess, in my estimation. Is hy
pocrisy. We all have met men who po
about "Wothlng themselves in scriptural teach
ings, yet whose conduct toward their fellow
raen shows that they do not live up to the
teaching's. "Love thy neighbor as thyself." The
great thing in this world for us, is to be doers.
Of course, to be doers we must be hearers.
That is. we must go t» >hurch and study the
Bible, but our duty does not end there. We
should give a helping hand to others by spread
ing the word of Christ. It is well enough to
tell a man what he ought to do, but this must
be supplemented by some demonstration of
application. - .;. ' .. : ! ¦ ¦'>•''.*
Every-Day Christianity.
CHICAGO, Sept 1.— Two lay ser
mons, a luncheon with several
Illinois politicians and a visit to
Hull House were the events that
occupied Vice President Roose
velt in Chicago to-day. He left to-night
for Minneapolis, where he will deliver a
Labor day address to-morrow. ~ , :
After breakfasting at the Chicago Club
with Paul Morton of the Santa Fe road,
the Vice President was driven to the
Trinity Dutch Reformed Church on
Marshfleld avenue. This is the church
Mr. Roosevelt usually attends when : in
Chicago, and he Is known personally to
many members of the congregation.
After the sermon the paster invited him
to the platform and the Vice President,
as has been his custom when visiting this
church, mads & short informal address.
Said he:
I Bball not attempt to preach dpetrfne. This
is to be simply a lay sermon. For my text I
have taken a passage that always impressed
me forcibly. It is "Be ye doers of the word,
not hearers only."
tionthere. /: j '
- A number of politicians, among whom
was ex-Congressman "William Lorimer,
were waiting for the Vice President when
he returned to his hoiel,. and, the party
took luncheon together. As the affair
was private, if 'is not known whether, poli
tics was discussed or not. When the
party dispersed. Colonel Roosevelt. walked
over to the. Hull House, where he had a
private talk with Miss- Jane Adams until
train time, when he left at 6:30 o'clock for
Minneapolis. t • . . .
At' the conclusion of the service Colonel
Roosevelt held an informal reception and
spent a half hour ' shaking hands with
members of the congregation and writing
his autograph in hymn books arid Bibles,
after which he drove to the First Metho
dist.Church and addressed the-eongrega-
Delivers a- Second Sermon.
Every man should strive to do justice to him
self, but in doing 60 he should not forget the
rights of his neighbor. He should be sure that
he U in the right, and then stand squarely in
the path. If there is any moving to be done,
let the other fellow do it. This applies to na
tions as well as to individuals.
We have all seen Ihe type of man who is spo
ken of as his own worst enemy. I have no pa
tience with him. Often he is a worse enemy
to others. A manly man — and that is whit we
all ought 'to be— must have strength and power
and perseverance. It is the trials of life that
test the stuff a man or woman is made of.
and the one who is strong, fearless and coura
geous to db- right Is the Ideal. '
On this question of our duty to our neigh
bor let me say that no one ought to submit
to being Imposed upon, but before you act al
ways stop to consider the rights of others be
fore standing up for your own. The only true
vay to help a man is to aid him in helping nlm.
self. All of us stumble many times during a
lifetime and the fluty. of man to his neighbor
Is to help him to his feet that he may help him
self. You can help a man successfully, but 1
you can't carry him successfully. If you rob
a man of his self-respect, take away his sturdy,
relf-reliant manhood, no good you can : do will
make, amends. .*? . . ' ; .
Vice President, Speaking From Chicago Pulpit, Rebukes Those
Who Cloak Hypocrisy With Garb of Religion, and Says the
Man Who Is "His Own Worst Enemy"; Is a Nuisance
ROOSEVELT GIVES VIEWS
ON TRUE CHRISTIANITY
Low Rates East' via Southern Pacific.
On sale September '6 "and -6; Cleveland
and return, ; ?82 50; Buffalo and -, return!^
$87. Southern Pacific is many miles
shortest,, many 'hours -fastest;; finest
scenery; choice of routes. Personally con
ducted - excursions. I Information . bureau
and ticket' office, 613 Market street. ~
NICARAGUA, Nicaragua, ', Sept.\ l.^The
Nlcaraguan Congress to-day approved the
Merry-Sanson' commercial treaty with the
United States , and ' adjourned. It prob
ably., will reassemble In .the latter, part of
January next.
Nicaraguan Congress Adjourns.
' . NEW YORK, Sept. 1.— The law com
pelling butcher shops to. remain closed on
Sunday went Into effect to-day, and ' a
fight to have the enactment' declared
Invalid will be commenced. To - see that
the measure was properly enforced 'the
Benchmen' s ' | 'Association, which ." . Is .the
organization of the journeymen' butchers,"
had been patrolling , the streets and
watching butcner shops in every part of
the city. . There were hundreds of pickets
out ai'd as a result about -a dozen arrests
were made. ."' • • '¦:,'_•
In some Instances the • prisoners < were
fined from $3 to $5, in one or two cases
they- were discharged and- In two In
stances held to special sessions. .' '
The boss butchers, who are opposed to
of the Sunday Clos
ing Measure.
Attack Constitutionality
, CHICAGO, Sept. 1.— A dispatch to the
Tribune from Kankakee, 111.- says that
Walter, W.<Cobb and G.W.: Shields, well
known", young men of > Kankakee, <[ who
have Just returned from a forty-five days'
trip ¦ through the Hudson Bay region,
bring back a story o told by Indians of
the. far north .that may relate to the miss
ing explorer TAridree i and. one' of his two
companions." ¦ . . ; ;.. •- . _ -_ ;
: At Moose Factory." a Hudson i BaV trad
ing post at the, mouth, of Moosc r River
the seven men 'stationed there reported
that- a. party; of .Indians who came down
from the far north -last, spring .; told of
the : finding . of the -bodies ; of two white
men aUa point about 900 miles north of
Moose Factory. : The story of the Indians
Say They Found Bodies
of Two Men in the y
Frozen '.-NorthJ&f:
COMMERCIAL TREATIES
GREATLY INTEREST ITALY
Said to Have Renewed the Dreibund
in Order to" Secure One With
Germany.
BERLIN. Sept. 1.— An article in 'the
Deutsche P.evue, signed "Italian Diplo
mat," attracts much attention, as show
ing from eecret inside information that
Italy only renewed the Dreibund In 1892
for the advantage of a commercial treaty
with Germany, and that she has now but
slight interest in the Dreibund as com
pared with her Interest in good" commer
cial treaties. The author of the article
asserts that the Italian Cabinet holds the
same, position.
was that the : bodies were found In a
broken basket, their description of which
would indicate a basket of a balloon and
that the bodies had been burled by the
Indians. . Tho Indians brought nothing In
support^of their story, but the men at
Moose Factory. Cobb- and Shields say
were inclined to believe them.
OPPOSE, THE III
INDUS TELL:
, STRANGE STORY
.The employing butchers who oppose the
law assert that it is a most arbitrary and
unreasonable one, in that up to 10 o'clock
In the morning people can buy cold meats
and other. edibles at delicatessen stores.
They Bay that Governor Odell signed' it
under a misapprehension, thinking that it
was favored by the butcher shop pro
prietors, as-well ¦ as the journeymen's
union: The former declares that ¦¦ 75 : per
cent of the men running me*at establish
ments - are opposed to it. t It is also as
serted that people of little -means will
suffer by it. for they cannot afford to buy
ice boxes and keep their meats In them
over -Saturday night. • .
the law, have retained counsel. Their at
torney announces that he will attack the
constitutionality of the measure when the
matter comes up in the Court of Special
Sessions., . • ; • '
The Chilean protected cruiser Ministro
Zenteno, now anchored here, has been
well received, j Her officers have been
entertained • by the Government. To-day
Governor Luis A. Dillon took them on an
excursion up the River Guayas, which
proved a pleasant experience and is de
scribed as "helping to cement the friend
ship existing between Ecuador and Chile."
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador, Sept. 1.— In ac
cordance with the constitution of Ecua
dor, President Alfaro-at 12 o'clock last
night gave over the Presidential office to
his successor. General Leonidas Plaza.
The former President is expected to ar
rive here within a few days. Order and
good feeling prevail throughout the
country. ¦ •
Ministro Zenteno.
of the Chilean Protected Cruiser
Government Entertains the Officers
NEWLY ELECTED PRESIDENT N
OF. ECUADOR TAKES OFFICE
- The= families of Mrs.V. E. .Newton and
P. A. Warren of Willamette court had a
•serious- experience with the' flood.' -For
three hours the women signaled for help
from their house, which is situated ina :
little valley and .was at the mercy of<the
waters. The barn . sheds were swept
from their foundations and this added to
the terror of the two women, - who were
alone with their children. As the water
reached a depth of six feet and com
menced to pour into the first floor they
became almost frantic. No - boats . were
at hand, and 'as wad»ng was out of the
question neighbors called to the fright
ened -women . to remain where they • were
until other means of rescuing them could
be obtained. A rude raft was hastily put
together and the families rescued. -
• Deering- street, which run» parallel to
Euclid avenue, was a scene of indescriba
ole excitement. The lower end of the
street was completely, flooded. The-upper
windows of the houses were filled with
frightened men: and women. Two police
men carried a boat on their shoulders
from Wado Park to. the scene of the
hood. With this -they at once began the
work of carrying out of danger those who
were penned in 'their homes. -
• To-day's rainfall was the greatest in the
history of local weather statistics. From
about 5 o'clock this morning until 7 in the
evening there was a precipitation of 4.2S
inches.
• ' ' ¦ •
Residents along East Prospect street,'
near Lincoln avenue, on -Lincoln avenue
and Glen Park place, were aroused be
tween 4 and 5 o'clock in the morning by
the sound of the booming waters. The
water continued to rise -steadily' until it
was eight feet deep. By 6 o'clock the
residents along Lincoln avenue com
menced to move furniture and valuables
to the second story,- as the rushing tor
rent reached the level i of the front
porches, and in a- number of houses swept
into the first floors. The waters rushed
back from Lincoln avenue until • the big
space just east' of the avenue and be
tween East Prospect street and Euclid
avenue was one great lake. from four to
ten- feet in depth. Barns and huge pieces
of lumber were swirled • about like light
corks and hurled into many . Lincoln
avenue houses.
Awakened by Booming of Waters.
But A the vast amount of damage will
fall upon the householders In the flooded
districts. The water reached a depth of
one foot on the firBt floors of scores of
East End homes, boiling up from the sew
ers and pouring in from the streets. The
damage to houses and their effects can
not be estimated accurately perhaps for
days,, but It jyill reach close to the half
miJllohi mark. ;.,..' : ¦ - . .¦
The city will lose" heavily on damage to
streets, --culverts, ; bridges' and pavements
over the district covered by. the water. .
The damage to the railways cannot be
even estimated until the large force of
track handlers sent out on emergency
calls can be heard from. . The mall . ser
vice from the East was completely tied
up from 10 o'clock in the morning until 8
O'clock to-night,'when a train got through
on the Lake Shore. ¦••*.* ¦•. ; .••
where the " trestle was rendered ' almost
worthless. '
None of the officials of the New York
Yacht Club would talk about Mr. Law
son's offer. If challenges should be issued
in behalf of the Independence they would
properly be made to managers of ¦ tne
boats named, and would be dealt with by
Sir Thomas had not seen the statement,
however, and was not prepared to-dis
cuss it. It has-been generally understood
that the owner of Shamrock II considered
that his boat was brought to this country
to. race for the America's cup, and that
he could not participate in other races,
the mission of his. yacht being to meet the
defender of the cup and win the coveted
trophy if possible. - * :
Sir Thomas was told of the announce
ment of Thomas W. Lawson, owner of the
Independence, that he would be glad to
race his boat against all three or any one
of the 90-foot sloops— Shamrock II, Col
umbia or ; Constitution — with the under
standing that if he failed to win two out
of three of the contests he would donate
$100,000 to any worthy charity.
Learns of Lawson's Challenge.
which he had not heard. In speaking of
yesterday's performance of the Shamrock
at Sandy Hook, he said: .
"It was a fine spin Indeed. A good slx
teen-knot wind was blowing and it was
by far the best try-out the boat has had
since she came over. We would be very
much pleased, and 3 we ask no better
weather conditions in the cup races, than
those of yesterday." -
Sir Thomas Lipton was much interested
in the details of yesterday's trial races,
The Erin will go over the " course to
morrow and the British yachtsmen will
have another opportunity to see tho
American boats out for a race. Mean
while Captain Sycamore and Mr. Jameson
of the Shamrock will get a ,: line
on the *' sea jockeying of the men
who will contend against them In
the cup contests at Sandy Hook. After
the race to-morrow, Sir Thomas and his
party will be the guests of Commodore
Lewis Casa Ledyard at his residence.
Then they will board ; the Erin and start
at once for Sandy Hook, to be on hand
for the Shamrock's spin Tuesday.
NEWPORT. R> I.;. Sept. 1.— Flying"
the British ensign and with tho
American flag at the fore and
the Shamrock - signal at the
main, the Erin steamed Into
Newport harbor to-day and anchored just
outside of Goat Island. She brought Sir
Thomas Upton and his party. to witness
the second of the trial races between the
Columbia and the Constitution, which will
take place to-morrow. Besides the owner
of the Shamrock there were on board De
signer Watson, William Jameson, Captain
Sycamore, Sailmaker Ratsey , David^ Bar- ,
rie and'Dr. Mackay.
each separately. It would not come with
in- the province of the New York Yacht
Club to . pass upon the matter In any
way. •..,-,'
Independence Is Out of It.
Although no statement has ever I been
made officially on the subject, it is gen
erally understood here that neither the
Columbia nor the Constitution would un
der any circumstances race the Independ
ence again, and that she was dropped out
of consideration some time ago.
It was a dull and rainy day for the
yachtsmen in the harbor. Absolutely
nothing was done on either the Columbia
or the Constitution, and both officers and
crewyhad a rest. In answer to an in
quiry as to the report that the crews on
the two boats might be changed, Mr.
Duncan of the Constitution said it was
entirely without foundation, so far as he
knew. \ •' ¦.:-,-. . -. . • . .
To-morrow's race is ¦ looked forward to
with the deepest interest.. The challenge
committee of the New York Yacht Club
has a problem to solve and it is watching
the present series with more or less anx
iety. It is puzzled by the behavior of 4 he
Constitution and at a loss to account for
her successive defeats in light- weather,
when she did so well in these conditions
at the outset. It is said here to-night that
if the Columbia wins to-morrow's contest
the committee may extend 'the trials and
make the series five Instead of three, but
no announcement has been madVto this
eff ect ; by -• one in ¦¦ authority.
Continued From Page One. i
BRITISH YACHTSMAN WHO WILL AGAIN ATTEMPT TO "LIFT" THE AMERICA'S CUP, AND THE BOSTON
MAN WHO STANDS READY TO GIVE $100,000 TO CHARITY IF THE INDEPENDENCE FAILS 'TO BEAT
ANY ONE OF HER RIVALS. . . >-'
Explosion on Naphtha launch Brings
- Sad Ending to a Family
Outing. -
ALBANY, N. Y., Sept 1.— A frightful
fate befell the family of "Wilbur Alex
ander, a contractor of this city, to-night.
A naphtha launch exploded on the Hud
son Elver at the Abbey, a mile and a half
below this city, killing Mrs. Alexander
and her little daughter and burning Wil
bur Alexander and his son, Wilbur Jr., in
a horrible manner. ' •
The accident was the termination of a
day's outing on the river. Mr. Alex
ander took his wife, son and daughter for
a trio south from this city. On the Jour
ney home Mr. Alexander was taken sick..
He- ran the launch into a side cut near the
Abbey. . a.
The launch was tied near the shore.
The son, 12 year old, went to give his
father some medicine. The boy carried a
lantern and as he passed the tank con
taining the naphtha an explosion oc
curred, scattering the blazing fluid in
every direction and setting fire to the
launch. iMrs. Alexander, and her daugh
ter were .near the tank and their bodies
were completely covered by the burning
oil. The son jumped into the water when
the explosion took place.
Mr Alexander rushed to the assistance
of his wife and daughter, but they were
burned to death before his eyes. He was
at length compelled to jump into the river
to save himself. The bodies of the wife
and daughter -were chaired to a crip and
the launch was entirely consumed. It is
believed Mr. Alexander will die. The boy
will recover. ¦
SEES HIS WIFE AND
CHILD PERISH IN" FIRE
SCORESOF RESIDENCES SWEPT AWAY
Within a few months electric traction
will replace horse power on the street
railroads in Manila. ._ ; . ...
The commission is considering the ad
visability of abolishing the income lax
and of making other changes in regard
to the revenue.
Two new political parties are in process
of -formation, Senor Paterno heading one
and Senor Pubad the other. Both favor
the independence of the Philippines.
Senor Paterno proposes that the-mem
bers . of the Congressional party who
came on the transport McCIellan to ex
amine Into the general administration of
affairs in the Philippines be awarded med
als bearing on one side the features of the
Goddess of Liberty and on the other the
inscription, "Home. Rule for the Philip
pines."
To-morrow Dr. Pardo Tavera, Benlto
Legardo and Jose Luzuriaga will take the
oath of office as members of the Philip
pine Commission. The American Com
missioners, with their secretaries, have
been assigned the following administrative
departments: Mr. Worcester, department
of interior; Mr. Wright, department of
commerce and police; Mr. Ide, department
of finance and justice; Mr. Moses, depart
ment of public instruction. . .
Each day shows an increasing number
of surrenders and captures in all the
disaffected districts. Later accounts of
the recent engagement in Balangas' prov
ince between Captain H f C. Hale, with a
detachment of the Twentieth Infantry,
and the insurgent leader Gonzales, show
that it was more Important than it ¦was
at first considered. Many deserters and
renegades were seen and heard giving
commands in English.
It Is in the plans of the military author
ities as a first step toward • reducing the
force, to make two departments instead
of four, which would result in a consider
able saving. The headquarters of one de
partment would be Manila and of the
other Iloilo.
' MANILA, 'Sept. l.-£Every thing points to
the early capture or surrender of Miguel
Malvar, the Insurgent leader. When either
event occurs, everything will be favorable
to the establishment of permanent peace.
There is no conclusive evidence that the
man whom the posse wassafter last_ night
near Strasburg and Pleasant Hill* was
Francis. The only persons who saw him
were some section employes, and to-day
they told Deputy Sheriff Temple of John
son County that they saw a man running
.from the railroad tracks to the woods,
but x could not tell whether he was a
negro or a white man. A negro was taken
off a freight train at Harrisonvllle late
last night, but he was not the man
wanted.
Sheriff Koch, at "Warrensburg to-day,
was notified that a negro was arrested
early this morning in Clinton, Mo., and a
photograph of the prisoner will be sent to
the Sheriff for identification.
No effort was made to find Francis in
Johnson County to-day. He is believed
to be in Cass or Henry County, and a few
armed men are searching for him in those
counties.
Posses left Pleasant Hill and Lees Sum
mit this afternoon to prosecute the bunt
between those towns, as they had heard
that a negro answering the description of
Francis had been seen in that neighbor
hood to-day. Every rumor is being in
vestigated, but as all clews thus far have
led to false trails, new reports do not
inspire much confidence. *
Information against Charles and Frank
Brisco and Emmett Davenport, charging
them with being accessories after the
fact in the murder of Miss Henderson,
have been filed at Warrensburg. Their
preliminary hearing will be held on
Wednesday at Warrensburg.
KANSAS CITT, Mo.. Sept. 1.— Bossle
Francis, the murderer of Miss Mary Hen
derson, at Columbus, Mo., last Tuesday,
has not yet been apprehended, and many
persons believe that he Is no longer near
the vicinity of Johnson County.
His Capture Will Open
the Way to Peace in
Philippines.
Murderer of Mary Hen
derson Eludes His
Pursuers.-
MALVAR LIKELY
TO YIELD SOON
MURDERS TWO
CLUB SERVANTS
Assassin Kills Steward
and Waiter of Golf
Society.
NEW YORK. Sept. L— Jhe bodies of
David Scott and John Stevens, one the
steward and the other the head -waiter
of the Siwanoy Golf Club, were found to
day in a room which the men occupied In
the attic of the clubhouse, which is
located on the outskirts of Tonkera. They
had been murdered with a butcher knife,
which was found on the floor of the room.
The knife had been repeatedly plunged
into them, as many as a dozen cuts being
found by the physicians who were sum
moned. The men were negroes, and
Warner SImms, a colored waiter, is held
on suspicion of knowing something of tho
murder. Frank Eunnlngton, another
negro, who called at the club yesterday
looking for work, is under detention.
The police found in the room a putteft
It had on it blood and hair, and this, tha
police say, belonged to Simms. The handle
was found downstairs, and this handle
had the name "Simms" on it. The cash
box, which was in the keeping of Scott,
cannot be found. The box contained
about $150.
Simms says he believes that burglars
entered the house, and, after searching
below stairs, ascended to the attic and
tried to rob Scott and Stevens; that one
of them was awakened, and that the
burglar used the knife.
Scott came from Baltimore, . Md.:
Stevens from this city and Simms from
Petersburg, Va.
HEAVY PINE IMPOSED
BY COLLECTOR OP PORT
to Assist Passengers of a Sinic
ln Ferry-Boat.
Steamer Captain Mulcted for Failing
DULUTH. Minn.. Sept. L-Colleetor of
Port TVUlcuts to-day fined the, steamer
Alexander HcDougrall $1000 for not stop
ping to assist the passengers of the ferry
boat Steuber, which was recently sunk at
Fort Gratiot. Captain Kilby explains that
he got his boat, out of the way quickly to
give the small craft near by an oppor
tunity to perform that service. The law
does not recognize action of that kind.
The fine may be remitted by the Treasury
Department.
Mangled but Escapes the Flames.
SPOKANE, "Wash., Sept. 1.— The re
mains of Superintendent P. 1i Downs,
who was killed in the Great Northern
wreck at Nyack, Mont., arrived here to
day. Mrs. Downs telegraphed from the
East that she would arrive Thursday andV
the funeral will probably take place on
that date. The body is terribly mangled,
but escaped the flames. No trace of Mr.
son could be found. The superin
tendent's watch, by which the body was
identified, stopped at 8:27 o'clock. The
damage caused to telephone and tele
graph, property In the city Is large.
Scouts Will Preserve Order.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 1— The- mili
tary authorities In the Philippines are
taking steps to police every province
thoroughly as soon as the present In
surrection ends. They have retained
5500 native scouts for a period of six
months, and they are being carefully
trained and drilled. At the end of six
months they are to be mustered into the
service as regular troops and placed on
patrol duty In various provinces to pre
serve the peace and aid In keeping down
discontent. - •
NEGRO FRANCIS
STILL AT LARGE
They will be met at Dunkirk by a spe
cial committee. On arriving here a Presi
dential salute of ,twenty-one guns will,be
fired by a squad of the United States sol
diers from Fort Porter; bells will ring and
whistles will blow. Escorted by a 1
platoon of mounted police, the President
will be driven to the residence of John G.
Milburn, where, with his party, he will
b© entertained during his stay in Buffalo.
On Thursday, President's day. President
McKinley will leave Milburn's house for
the exposition at 10 o'clock. He will ride
in a carriage with Mrs. McKinley. Fol
lowing him, also In carriages, will come
I the •members of the Presidential party,
1 the representatives of the diplomatic
corps at Washington, the members of the
Cabinet and such other high officials at
Washington, in addition to United States
Senators and Representatives, as come to
participate in the ceremonies. A squad
ron of mounted police and the Fourth
Signal Corps, also mounted, will act as
the escort at the \ Lincoln Parkway en
trance to the exposition grounds; the
United States troops stationed at Fort
Porter and at the grounds, together with
the Sixty-fifth and Seventy-fourth Regi
ments of the National Guard of this city,
will be formed on either side of the road-
American Exposition have been
finally, arranged by the committee on re
ception. President McKinley and party
will arrive at the station of the New York
Central Railroad from Canton about 6
o'clock on the evening of September 4.
BUFFALO, N. T., Sept. L— The
ceremonies and other formal func-.
tions which will mark President
McKlnley's visit to tho Pan-
way. and the President and party
pass through these columns to a stana
which will be erected at the northwest
pylon and where th« entire party, yrtta
the United States Marine Band, will do
sealed. fc
The President will make a short speecn
from a stand on the triumphal bridge,
after which he will, with the other dis
tinguished guests, be escorted to the -New
York State building and t»'the buildings
of the various foreign countries erected
on the grounds and to the agricultural
building to view the exhibits or
foreign countries not represented by
buildings and to meet the commissioners
to the exposition from South and Central
America. At 1 o'clock the New YorK
board of managers will entertain the
Presidential party at luncheon in the New
York State building. Later the President
will visit the Government building", which
will be closed while he i3 there. * From
the Government building he will go to
Milburn's house for dinner. At 7:30
o'clock the President will again so to the
exposition grounds to witness the Illumi
nation from the triumphal causeway. He
will later see the fireworks display from
the Government life-saving station, re
turning to Milburn's for the night.
On Friday morning: the President will t>e
taken for a drive through the grounds
and to Niagara Falls by special train. He
will return at 4 o'clock and head a public
receotion in the Temple of Music, r
In" the President's party will be Mrs.-
McKinley. the Misses-Barber. Captain and
Mrs Lafayette McWilliams of Chicago.
Miss Sarah Duncan, Dr. and Mrs. P. M.
Rixey, William S. Hawk and the Misses
Hawk and the President's private secre
tary, Cortelyou. ¦
Elaborate Preparations Made by the Citizens of Buffalo
to Make His Visit to the Pan-American Exposition
Niagara Falls and the Other Points of Interest Pleasan
GRAND \VELGOME AWAITS
PRESIDENT ON ARRIVAL
THE S A'N'- 'FR . A-XClSCp CAL-W MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2^ 1901.
Sir Thomas and His Party of British Yachtsmen Arrive on the
Erin in Newport; Harbor to AVitness the Second of the Trial
Speed .Contests Between the Constitution and the Columbia
LIPTON REFUSES TO DISCUSS
THE CHALLENGE FROM LAWSON
NOGALES. Ariz.. Sept. L Another
chapter in the United States Collector
Hoey Investigation is about to be enacted.
The deputy customs officials who kid
naped the two Chinese In Mexico, forcing
them across the international line, will be
arrested on a charge of kidnaping and
false imprisonment, in violation of Terri
toiral laws and introducing Chines© into
the United States In violation of the Chi
nese exclusion act. : : ; .
These Chinese were enticed to the line,
"When near or on the line they 'were forced
across at the point of a pistol ''and as soon
as they crossed were arrested by deputies
on this side of the line and thrown into
prison and held to be used as witnesses
for the Government in the Hoey case.
These same Chinamen are now under ar
rest and held for being unlawfully in the
TTnited States and -will be deported.
Deputy Customs Officers at the Mex-
ican Border Are to Be
Arrested.
SENSATIONS DEVELOP l
r-^ IN" THE EOET CASE
2
ADVEBTISIZttENTS.
No other soap is a welcome
gift, with Fels-Naptha^at your
grocer's. ¦ ; ; L
Fel3 & Co., makers, Philadelphia. .
db.meyebsTgo, jggilt^
Specialist. Disease* jfe|^^' > t;
and weakness ' of ggsir ' }
man. Established fsEgf -^— ». <*•
lSSL Consultation YfS« »?
and private book y^jR - \
free, at office or by *W«t / r J>Jk.
maiL Cures guar- • {%$?+£&£&*
anteed. 7I»1 Mar- Nrs3**5*P»^ii?
ket street (eleva- J^t&& f '*P
tor entrance). Ban /ffl^T^^^S**
EADWAY'3 READY IIKtlEP haa »too4
unrivaled before the public for 60 years a» •
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and qulcilyy
cures airColda, Sor« Throats. Influenza, Broar^f
cnltls, -Pneumonia, ReaumatiBm, Neuralgia. *
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internal*?
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drujsUti.
i CALIFORNIA, j
wL CHUTNEY" .
y SAUCE* 1
a 9&me,/uh e»t. m M All grocersCHINA TRANSFERS
MINISTER WU TO
POST IN LONDON
Small mills then began to quote reduced
prices in order to clear out their stocks.
Prices have now gone below the cost of
production, making united action neces
sary to raise the prices to the former
basis.
TACOMA, "Wash., Sept. L— Three thou
sand weavers and other workmen in shin
gle mills will be thrown out of employ
ment for an indefinite period by a decision
of the Shingle Manufacturers' Association
reached last night to close their mills
this week. A secret meeting was held in
order that the action taken might be car
ried into effect before it became known
to the Eastern shingle dealers who have
been endeavoring to secure control over
the production and consequent low prices.
During the spring and early summer
the shingle mills were busier than ever
before. Orders came pouring in and
shingles were going East by hundreds of
carloads. This movement was suddenly
checked by the falling off of orders caused
by the drought and partial crops falling in
Iowa, Missouri, Kansas and Nebraska,
all of these States being heavy shingle
users. i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Reduction of Prices Causes
the Suspension of
Business.
Thousands of Men in the
Northwest Will Lose
Employment.
SHINGLE MILLS
TO BE CLOSED
; PITTSBURG; Sept. 1.— The strikers stole
a march on* the manager of the Star tin
plate mills at about midnight to-night.and
took from ''him nine of a party: of twelve
non-union men being taken to; the -mill.
The men-arrived over the Pennsylvania
V Imported ¦ to Take Their Places.
Strikers Carry r Off Nine Workmen
KIDNAP- NON-UNION MEN.
NEWARK, N. V.. Sept. L— The list of
dead in the Northern Central Railroad
wreck last Thursday evening is now fif
teen, the last victim being Mrs. E. H.
Hare of Greenfield, Mass., whose death
occurred to-day.
Dies From Her Injuries.
NAP A, Sept. 1.— Napa Parlor No. 62, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, will cele
brate Admission day here by giving a
picnic and a grand ball at night in this
city. The parlors of Vallejo, Callstoga
and St Helena have been invited and
large delegations are expected. Many
League of the Cross Cadets are also com
ing from San Francisco.
Napa Natives in the Line.
"If Armour and Swift give us what we
ask," said President Donnelly to-day,
"all the other houses will fall in line. I
feel very '¦ hopeful. that the request will be
granted. I It is too early to say what
action we will take. if we meet with a
refusal." -¦ . .. ¦ ¦¦' ' : ¦ .. «
KANSAS CITY.. Sept. 1.— President
Donnelly of the Amalgamated Meat Cut
ters' and Butchers* Association is waiting
on the answer that will be made by Ar
mour & Co. and Swift & Co. of Chicago
on the effort to secure an ¦ increase r of . 10
per cent in wages of. the beef butchers of
the country, before he decides what action
shall bo taken by that organization.
for an Increase of Wages.
Make a Demand on Two Large Firms
BEEF BUTCHERS MAY STRIKE.
CHICAGO, September l.-Not ov'er fifty
men attended the meeting to-night call
ed by the steel workers of South - Chi
cago to explain to the other labor unions
the reasons why they refused to obey
the orders of President Shaffer. The
Iron Molders' and Horseshoers' ' unions
were the only outside organizations that
sent representatives to the meeting, al->
though all the labor unions in Chicago
had received invitations. The meeting
lasted .for several hours, and President
Shaffer came in for criticism by a num
ber, of the speakers. The arguments of
the non-strikers centered . about their
contract, with the Illinois Steel Com
pany — its sacredness and inviolability.
No provision has been made for the
South Chicago steel workers In to-mor
row's labor parade, • and the steel com
pany has arranged a picnic to take the
men away from the scene of their in
tended humiliation.
Did ITot Quit Work.
IEW ATTEND THE MEETING.
Chicago Non-Strikers Tell N Why They
by special train to go to work In the
sheet , plant. The management asserts
that four mills will be running one turn
to-morrov/ morning, and that the' bal
ance will be in operation in the near
future. . ¦*'
Between twenty and- thirty non-union
workmen arrived in Canal Dover to-day
Amalgamated headquarters will be de
serted most - of to-morrow. President
Shaffer; will be occupied with the parade
and his address in Ross Grove. All of
the -other officers ; of the organization
usually about Pittsburg will be engaged
in -working up enthusiasm for the or
ganization movement . and the cause of
the Amalgamated Association. With all
the benefit entertainments and , excur
sions that will be held during. to-morrow
the strikers expect their cause to be
materially aided. ; , ,
the strike lasts. He declares there will
be plenty of money to care for all the
striking members, and in case's where
the $4 is not enough for the care of a
member and his family more will be
given. The statement of the actual con
dition of the Amalgamated treasury has
never been given out, but from: the way
contributions have come into the or
ganization and the normal sum of money
there it is believed that the present bal
ance to the credit of the organization is
quite large. Mr. "Williams says, ¦ how
ever, that the organization has re
sources not known to the general pub
lic that wjn enable/ It to continue its
strike for an almost/ indefinite period.
President- Shaffer, who Is to take a
very important part in the Labor day.
festivities to-morrov^, • was not at home
to reporters to-day. ¦
President Simon Burns, whose reputed
interview with President Schwab in New
York over the long-distance telephone
is generally believed, • said to-day that
he had .not heard anything new from
New York. He remained absolutely non
committal regarding his plans for bring
ing aboilt peace, but he is hopeful, and
evidently believes that some solution of
the present serious predicament of the
Amalgamated Association will ultimate
ly be found. Most of the mills in Pitts
burg were deserted during the day.
Nothing was attempted in the way of
picket duty about the Painter Mills dur
ing the day. The strikers spent a por
tion of the day making personal calls
at the homes of the men working in the
mills and who: live in the West End.
Reports from other plants show an un
changed condition. It la given out that
the officials of the strikers will not per
mit anv relaxation of picket duty.^to
morrow, in spite of the special ceremon
ies goins on in the iterest of organized
labor. The force of pickets will ; be
maintained in every vicinity,, and all
mills will be kept continually under the
eyes of the strikers, who will be able
to act 'promptly should non-union men
arrive at any hour of the day or night.
It has been generally believed that- the
corporation would take advantage of
Labor day to. rush- in a large force .of
non-unionists, but this has '.been pro
vided for..
PITTSBURG. Sept. 1.— The principal
interest in strike matters to-day was
centered in the Duquesne plant, where
It was expected the strikers would make
a decided, move toward closing the en
tire works. The report from there to
night says the situation is critical. The
two, boss melters and all of the shapers
went to work as usual this morning,
and twelve furnaces were changed. Only
one second helper went, in, and all the
ladlemeri stayed out. The strikers made
a thorough house-to-hq'use , canvass of
open-hearth men all day. At 4 o'clock,
the time for helpers and ladlemen to go
on, pickets were on duty on the streets
and turned back . three ladlemen. The
night turn is badly crippled, but men
were brought from the Bessemer depart
ment to help out, and the mill is run
ning full. Sixty of the day-turn men
were off, and the strikers say not a man
will report to-morrow.
If the open hearth be shut down the
forty-inch mill must also shut . down.
This mill supplies Monessen, Vander
grift and the tin mills, hence the move
ment is important to the strikers.
Mill officials admit to-day that a strike
is /on, but say that no" serious ; results
will follow. Thirty coal and iron po
lice were brought from Braddock, and
the night and day borough police are on
duty. Everything so ! far j has been con
ducted in a Quiet manner.
A conservative estimate places the
amount of the strike benefits that are
to be paid by the Amalgamated Associa
tion to its members, now idle, at $40,000
every week. This bases the number of
beneficiaries at 10,000 and the average
payment' of a member at $4. a week. J
- Secretary Williams of the association
said the payments would be . made I ev
ery two weeks, commencing September
14, and would be continued so long as
quesne Plant to Close.
Strikers Attempt to Force the Du-
SITUATION IS CRITICAL.
signed or none. . He apparently wished
to impress steer officials with the belief
that the association would compel them
to sign for all whether they wished to or
not. The representatives of the corpora
tion, however, would not be forced or dic
tated to in this manner and they broke
off the conference. Since that time there
has been no conference or offer of a com
promise, and the nearest any one repre
senting the association has been ¦ able to
get to Mr. Morgan or Mr. Schwab was
by long distance telephone to their pri
vate secretaries."
Continued From Page One.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 1.— Mrs. Hilma John
son, while driving in from Alum Rock
Park with her sister-in-law. Miss Ida H.
Johnson, this afternoon, met with a se
vere accident The ladies -were near the
Alum Rock motor track, and though
warned of an approaching train, they
k«=pt right on and struck the motor. The
carriage was upset and Mrs. Johnson was
thrown under the pilot. Her right foot
was crushed and amputation will be nec
essary.
Woman Injured by a Train.
CUMBERLAND, Md.. Sept. 1.— A series
of heavy ra5^storms last night and to-day
caused rr.iKin damage to farm property
and roads in this section. Traffic has been
impeded on the West Virginia Railroad
by a big washout near Rawllns. and on
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad by a
heavy landslide near Magnolia.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 1.— Deputy Game
"Warden Pritchard made a raid on duck
shooters at False Bay to-day and arrested
six young men. all well known in business
circles. They are charged with killing
ducks out of season. {
Killed Ducks Out of Ssason.
TACOMA. Sept. 1.— A. M. Sargar, aged
25 years, whose home is supposed to be
at Cherryvale, Kans., was stabbed to
death to-night by Riley Smallwood, aged
19 years. The affray occurred in a saloon
on Jefferson avenue and was the result of
a ouarrel between the two men. Small
wood fied and has not yet been captured.
and One Is Stabbed to
Death.
Two Young Men Engage in a Quarrel
TRAGEDY ENDS FIGHT
IN A TACOMA SALOON
NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF SAN JOSE PARLORS WHO ARE MEMBERS
OP THE JOINT COMMITTEE TO RECEIVE VISITORS DURING THE
BIG CELEBRATION OF ADMISSION DAT.
LEADER SAYS STEEL STRIKE HAS FAILED.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 1.— The members
of Vendome and San Jose parlors,]
Native Daughters, are . uniting
with the Native Sons in the cele
bration of Admission day, and
they will look after the Daughters who
attend. The entertainment of the visit
ing ladies is to be made more of a special
feature this year than usual and the
greatest of pleasure is assured them.
A joint reception committee has been
appointed by the two parlors of
Daughters here, with Mrs. Elenore P.
Anderson as chairman. Others, on the
committee are: San Jose . Parlor— Mrs.
Mattie King, Miss Allie Verser. Mrs. H.
Stone; Vendome Parlor — Miss Tillie Bro
haska, Mrs. Virginia Gruell, Miss Winnie
Tully, Mrs. Mary Twaits.
This committee will meet the visitors
and with the members of the parlors will
hold a reception Saturday evening at Na-
tive Sons' Hall. An orchestra will be !n
attendance and there will be dancing and
refreshments. Sunday morning there is a
special event planned for the Daughters
in the shape of an outing at Alum Rock
Park. While the Sons are enjoying tho
and bear flags.' Bunting will also be used
in profusion. The business men are no
less interested than the Native Sons, and
they have contributed liberally and are
determined to see that hospitality will not
be lacking.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 1.— The bodies
of four more victims of the steamboat
explosion on the Delaware River last
Wednesday were found, making a total
of twenty-five bodies thus far recovered.
Three of them were identified as Clara
Wield aged 13; Nellie Ballentine, 23, and
Elizabeth Ellison, 23. Three persons are
still missing and six lie at the Morgue;
awaiting identification. It is probable
that the missing niay be .among the un
identified, as several of the bodies were
burned beyond recognition.
fied at Morgue.
Three Persons Still Missing, but They
May Be Among the Unidenti-
STILL RECOVERING BODIES
OF EXPLOSION VICTIMS
MADRID. Sept. 1.— El Correo de Guizu
coa, a Carllst Journal published In San
Sebastian, the summer residence of the
Spanish court, recently printed an article
which the officers of the Spanish squadron
stationed off San Sebastian considered in
sulting'. A score of the officers went last
evening: to the office of the paper and at
tacked the manager and two editors with
sticks. A free fight followed, in which a
lieutenant was severely hurt and two
other officers -were slightly injured. The
manager of the paper and one editor were
roughly handled, receiving considerable
Injury. Several of the officers were ar
rested, but they were liberated on giving
their word of honor to keep the peace.
of the Combatants Are Severely
Injured.
Free Fight Follows in Which. Several
NEWSPAPER MEN ASSAULTED
BY SPANISH OFFICERS
The strikers say they will either obtain
work ¦ for the men . or buy them return
tickets to their homes.
Railroad from Philadelphia about 11:30 p.
m. and were met by a large force of po
licemen, who had orders to see that they
were safely landed in an omnibus to be
driven to the mill at Twelfth street. The
policemen at the Union station performed
' their duty successfully, but after the
vehicle left the station it was surrounded
by a crowd of 350 strikers. Stones were
hurled at the newcomers and in spite of
i the efforts of the driver of the bus to
I speed his team the strikers reached the
mill ahead of the non-unionists, com
pletely overpowered the two lone police
men stationed there and carried off nine
of the men and lodged them in a hotel
; on Liberty avenue, the other three being
pulled into the mill yard by the company
! people. ¦».
i The trio from the station to the mill
was an exciting one. The strikers who
had gathered at the station were mad
dened by the policemen ordering them not
to speak or molest the- newcomers in any
•way, and as soon as th<* omnibus got
fairly started on its journey stone3 and
dirt were thrown at it. A large bowlder
crushed In the rear window of the vehicle
and its occupants became thoroughly
frightened and . crouched on the floor.
"When the mill was reached the strikers
crowded the two policemen back and had
possession of their men before assistance
could be summoned.
MEXICO CITY, Sept. 1.— M. de Blowitz,
advance colonization agent for the Rou
manian emigrants, says that 2000 Rou
manians are now en route for Mexico.
Boomania on Way to Mexico.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 1.— Mrs. E. M.
Rhodes of this city believes that she
has more trouble than most mothers who
are given custody of their children upon
the granting of divorces. Five years ago
she was divorced in Seattle, and the
court awarded her possession of her san
and daughter, aged 10 and 12 years. Sne
worked to support them, but one day
about a vear ago her. former husband
took them away without warning.
After a sensational hunt, lasting near
ly a year. Mrs. Rhodes found her chil
dren in New Mexico and brought them
home. Her daughter was left with
friends in Seattle, and she took the boy
with her to Steilacoom. Rhodes follow
ed her here, traced her to Steilacoom.
and is alleged to have kidnaped the boy
again last week. Mrs. Rhodes Is nearly
distracted. She has asked the police and
the Sheriff's office to aid her In relocat
ing her son. She thinks he has been
taken East, and intends going after him.
Police and the Sheriff for
Assistance.
Washington Woman Appeals to the
SAYS THAT HER SON
HAS BEEN KIDNAPED
The imports from the United State3
diminished 6.4 per cent., and that of
another North American country 15.6 per
cent, while Cuba shipped to the United
States during the same period 11.1 per
cent more goods than the preceding year,
and to the other North American coun
tries 148.8 j>er cent more.
Heavy Increase in Value of Goods
Exported From the Island Dur
ing 1 the Past Year.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 1.— Some figures
relating to the export and import trade
of Cuba for the first seven months of this
year, as compared with a similar period
last year, just published by the division
of insular affairs. War Department, indi
cate that radical changes are going on
in that trade and that the United States
and other North American countries are
the sufferers in this turn of trade. Thus,
it Is shown that the exports from Cuba
for the period mentioned this year were
vahjed at $38,033,930. as against $43,403,055
for the same period last year, while the
imports for the same period were worth
$26.997,S17. as against $19,955,492 for the cor
responding period in 1900.
CUBAN TRADE GROWS
AT AMERICAN EXPENSE
CITY OF MEXICO, Sept. L— The Aus
trian Emperer has conferred the title of
honorary baron, free from taxes, on Dr.
Kaska of this city. Dr. Kaska, who came
to Mexico in the entourage of Maximilian,
has since remained here in business and
won universal esteem. When Austria de
sired to erect a memorial chapel on the
spot where Maximilian and his generals
were executed Dr. Kaska was the inter
mediary through whom permission was
asked and obtained.
Honored by Austrian Emperor.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 1.— While no
official action has yet been taken it is
probable that the white fishermen of the
Kraser River will refuse to take ajiy
part in the reception to the Duke ' of
Cornwall and York.
• The reception committee in Vancouver
had partially arranged for a monster il
luminated procession of 3dOO fishing boats
on the Inlet on the night of the royal
visit here. Last week, however, some
cf the fishermen complained against the
arrangement inasmuch as i^ was the im
perial Government that had caused to be
disallowed provincial legislation against
the Japanese, who are the great rivals of
the British citizens in the local fishery
labor markets. The fishermen object to
taking any official part in the reception
to even royal representatives of the im
perial Government who had treated them
in that way.
to Participating in Demon
stration.
"Workers on the Fraser River Object
FISHERMEN" MAY NOT
GEEET EDWASD'S SON
Finally a man in the crowd rushed into
the water, and, after diving, brought the
girl's body to the surface. She was re
vived, but when her father's body was
recovered life was extinct.
NEW YORK, Sept. 1.— George Belcher
of Brooklyn, well known as an expert and
fancy swimmer, was drowned at Broad
Channel, Rockaway Beacnr to-rday.. He
was giving an exhibition In. deep" water of
how a swimmer could carry a person on
his back, and his daughter. Eva, 18 years
old, was the one he carried.
I Hundreds of spectators were intently
watching the two, when Belcher and his
daughter began to flounder In the water.
The crowd believed this was part of the
exhibition, and no one made a move to
help them until Belcher's wife, who was
among the spectators, began to scream
that something must be wrong. Both
swimmers sank.
an Exhibition.
Before Hundreds "WTiile Giving
Swimmer George Belcher 'Perishes
CEOWD VIEWS DBOW-NJ-HGt
AND DEEMS IT COMEDY
It is still hoped that the Czar will
come to Paris on the morning of Sep
tember 20, but it ¦ is more probable that
he will merely visit the environs of
Compeigne and leave the following morn
ing.
PARIS, Sept. 1.— M. Waldeck-Rousseau,
the Premier, was in conference to-day
with the Minister of Foreign Affairs, M.
Delcasse, and the forthcoming visit of
the Russian Emperor was discussed. As
a result of the conference it was defi
nitely decided that President Loubet, ac
companied by the members of the Cab
inet, would proceed to Dunkirk on Sep
tember 17 and embark the following day
on the torpedo-beat* destroyer Cassini to
meet the Czar. After the landing and
the luncheon in the hall of the Chamber
of Commerce M. Loubet and their Im
perial Majesties will start Immediately for
Compeigne. September 19 will be de
voted to the reviev.- at Bethany and to
the visit to Rheims. Nothing has been
arranged definitely for September 20 ex
cept the . state banquet at . Compeigne
and the gala performance in the Castle
Theater.
Skaguay steamers, the Danube and the
Hating, with the Tees from Northern
British- 'Columbian ports immediately be
hind, arrived this evening. News was
brought of dangers from icebergs in chan
nels and also of another rate war among
steamers on the' Upper Yukon River,
making a cut of half the fare between
Dawson and White Horse. The White
Pass Railway steamers are, of course, in
the majority and they are endeavoring to
maintain rates, making excursion sched
ules on days when the opposition boats
leave for up the river. But business gen
erally is bad and the White Pass Com
pany Is advertising for sale the Ogilvie,
one of Its best river boats.
A few days ago the Prospector, the first
steamer to run up the Pelly River, went
as far as the mouth of the McMillan.
The trip was a most dangerous one, but
was accomplished without accident. On
the way down both the Danube and the
Hating saw a great deal of ice. There
were some bergs, as Captain McLeod de
scribed, large enough to build a town
upon. Thev were live bergs, too, con
stantly giving off smaller pieces of Ice
which nil the navigable channel. Cap
tain Collister, hull inspector, returned
by the Hating, having visited the scene of
the Islander wreck. Neither he nor Cap
tain Goes were able to locate the wreck,
which they believe has no chance of ever
being pulled to the surface.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept L— Two
Rate War on the Upper
Yukon Is Continuing
Fiercely.
»-7 —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Loubet and Cabinet
"Will Goto Dunkirk to
Welcome Him. >:.v
barbecue and bullshead breakfast at
Agricultural Park, the ladles are to be the
guests of the San Jose Native Daughters.
A . Bsecial train will convey them to the
resort. Music and all kinds of refresh
ments are to be served and the event will
be the most enjoyable of the celebration.
Vendome and San Jose parlors will be in
the parade in full force. Both parlors are
vielng to outdo . each other.
' Monday night the grand ball will be
held and this the visiting ladles will all
attend. Genevleve W. Baker, their grand
president, with Grand President Coombs,
- will lead the grand march. AH' the grand
officers of the Daughters are expected to
- be present.
Already twenty-six parlors of Native
have secured headquarters here for
Admission day, and it is believed that at
least forty parlors will maintain open
house here during the celebration. Inter
est is -greater this year in the Admission
- day festivities than for some time, and
nearly every parlor in Central California
will be represented. At least 20,000 visit
ors are expected in the city. The enter
tainment arranged for the three days is
such as will hold the crowd.
To-morrow the work of decorating the
streets will be taken up and by next Sat
i ' urday morning the whole business section
will be brilliant with fluttering American
gantic Bergs.
Alaskan Steamers in
Danger Among Gfi-
Will Endeavor to Have
Him Extend His Visit
to Capital.
PARISIANS
TO MEET CZAR
ICE MOUNTAINS
IN CHANNELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, .1901.
Elaborate Preparations Being Made in San Jose for Entertainment
of the Ladies and Brilliant Features Will Enliven Their Stay
During the,. Celebration: of California's : Admission Day
_. : '' * - : — i. . >¦ \ > ...
PLEASURE TO BE THE RULER
AT NATIVE DAUGHTERS' FETES
LONDON, Sept 2. —"Li
Ching Fang-, the adopted son
of Li Sung Chang, having
declined the St. Petersburg
legation," says a dispatch to
the Times from. Peking,
"China has assigned Sir Chih-
Chen Lo-Feng-Luh (Chinese
Minister in London) to St.
Petersburg, transferring Wu
Ting Fang from Washington
to London."
3
ne mater^ a^ s anc * the
time to properly ma-
Jlg&&vSF ture — called "being
on lager." No beer
V^ leaves the vaults of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A. ,
that is less than four months old. The
Great Budweiser and all beers used for
bottling purposes are five to six months old,
which makes them the most healthful brews.
. - . Famous the world over for its tonic qualities,
>^A-./IA2 • recommended by physicians everywhere, is
4^//^£/^r/^//^ prepared by this association.
'¦*'•£¦'¦ ' Orders promptlT filled l»y
E. G. LYONS COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers, SAN FEANCISC0.
NEW . ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAKE HAIB PREPARATIONS
T>o Hair No Good, but Often Cause It
to Tall Out.
Many hair preparations are "fake" be-
cause they are merely scalp Irritants.
They often caus<> a dryness. making the
hair brittle, and finally lifeless. Dan-
druff is the cause of all trouble with hair.
It is a germ disease.. The germ makes
cuticle scales as it digs to the root of the
-hair, where it destroys the/ hair's ivitallty,
causing the hair to fall out. -To cure
dandruff, the germ must be killed. "De-
stroy the'-scause. you remove the effect."
Newbro's Herpicide. is the only hair
preparation that kills the dandruff germ,
thereby leaving the hair to gro.w luxuri-
antly. ¦ . -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
grent Mexican remedy, gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ll&rflSilC^ S.Ctlr ZEALAND.no SYDNEY
V WVWIM V <*•<? »%r Ve s , R E CrL1! , E T0 TA H|TI.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu only.... —
Sunday. "Sept. 1, at 10 a. m.
S s'. AUSTRALIA, tor Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11.-10 a. m.
S S VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealan'd and Australia —
.....";¦. Thursday, September 12. 10 a. m.
J, 0. SPHECKELS k BEOS. CO., Bsnerai Agents. 327 Karfcst St
Ren'l Passsngir Offlct, 643 Market St., t-'hr Ko. 1. ftafiz St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
AndCIASUD AMERICANA i>£ VAPO^tf-.
To Valparaiso.' stopping' at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard X Pier 10. 12 m.
'ALENA.......Aug. 31 |COLOMBIA....Sept. U
GUATEMALA. .Sept. *|TUCAPEL Sept. 28
These, steamers are built expressly for Cen T
tral and South American passenger "servlco.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SIS California street. i ¦
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. AgenU. -
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS."
for: u. s. navy yard- and vallejo.
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIS or MONTICELLO
[(US a. m.. 3:15 ,ahd 1:30 p. m.. except Son-
day, "bunday. 8 Mi a. m.. K:30 p. m. Leares'
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:3t> noon. « p. rn.. except.
' Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. in.. 4:15 p. rn. Fare id
rents. Telephone Main IBM. I-andlng and of--
Cce. pier S. Mlision-st. dock. HATCH BRO3.
# ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPKO?iE -*-g&4 S^UlU^
222-224 SUITER ST.
The large quantity of
4oods ?o!d here enables us
to cut profits" and hence
these "special sales."
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MOHDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
COFFEE, "Kona." Reg. 25c Ib. 20c
Pure— roasted and ground fresh here.
OLIVE OIL, S 1 ;^*' bot. 5Cc
From Lucca— the pressing of the finest
olives. -^
BR0M.4NGEL0N. Reg. 12 2 'c. pkg.lOc
Ready In two minutes.
GIN, Holland. Reg. 92c feot. 75c
Our own importaMon.
CHEESE SANDWICH CRACKERS.
Reg. 25c. pkg. 20c
A dainty wafer with a cheese fllllng.
COCOA, SUCHARD.
Regrular 50c %-Ib tins. 4Oe.
Regular 90c 1-R> tins, 8Oc.
Best in the world :' sol-
uble.
BLACKBERRY BRANDY.
Regular 85c auart bottle, «5c.
Regular 50c Dint bottle, 35c.
For medicinal purposes— it is pure.
FARINA, "HeckerV pk?. Be
Wholesome and nutritions— for invalids
and children.
ROYAHS A LA VATEL. {&• tin 12 : 'c
Sardines in oil. with pickles and truffles.
SWEET WINES. "^ 3 tots. $1.(0
California's best— 5 years old— Port.
Sherry. Angelica. Tokay, Malaga and
Madeira.
GALL; SOAP. £ Reg. 25c: ; : cake 20c
Haa the 1 merit of restoring the colors of
faded silks or fine woolens— unsurpassed
in removing spots from the most delicate
materials— directions with each cake.
TALCUM POWDER. Re £. 1Oc 3 tins 25c
A pure j and healthful antiseptic — de-
lightful after shaving'.
BRILLIANTINE, mt %££ bot. 25c
Imparts a beautiful luster to the hair.
"The Little Wonder," S* each 45c
Combined egg boiler, poacher and sauce-
pan. Nickel plated.
EXTENSION DUSTER or '§
BROOM HANDLE. Reg. 25c.^ach I5c
The latest.
SMOKERS— It will be to your in-
terest to try our Velasquez Cigars.
All sizes and prices. i
Fresh APPLE CIDEB by the gal-
lon.
BUTTER SALE Thursday and
Friday. j
See Our Window. j
We close Labor Day at n a. m. J
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
ji^ Wharf. San Francisco:
VS»*s^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
K5*£?&ta. Sept. V 4. 3. 13, 1«. 23, Z*. Oct.
r'SS'lSSfcr** 3 - Change to company's
li& KJStKa steamers at Seattle.
K»5bH'«M For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
1 EESSSfSJbI c ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
' Tacoma. Evprett and N>w
**¦ Whatcom (Wash.>— 11 a. m.
" *** Sept. 4, 8. 13. 13. 23. 28. Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for tbl=i
company's steamers for Alaska ard G. N. Ry-:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m. Sept.
4, 9. 14. 19, 34. 23, Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays. 9
a. m. ¦ ""*"*-
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harforii
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ("Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. : steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»t
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves th« right to Chang*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without nrevion« notice.
TICKET OKFICE— « New Montgomery
street CPalace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Hen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. /?- & Af.CO.
Only Stonmnhip Iils»» *«»,
PORTLAND, Op.,
And ffTiort Rntl Une from Partln-i-J trt »TI
rrfnts Fmrt. Thronfth ticket-* ?:> all
pcint*. nil rail "- «team*M!> trrTrmSM, aS
LOWEST HATS3.
STEAMER TICZET3 IHCLUDS BERTH sni IIEALX
SS. COLUMBIA i ...
. Sails Aug. a. a, Sept. 10, 20. M
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
....Sails Aug. 28. Sept. 5, 15, H
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEX.Agt..l Montgm'y. S-F.
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW TOOK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ¦
From New. York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Sept. 11 St.' Louis Sept. 25
St Paul Sept. 18 Philadelphia ....Oct. 3
Haverford Sept. 21 Pt. Paul... Oct. 9
RED STAR, LINE.
New York and Antwerp
From Xcw York- "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Sept. llFriesland Oct. t
Kensington Sept. 13 Southwark Oct. 9
•Zeeland Sept. I5*Vaderland Oct. 18
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General* Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ
Wednesday. September.*, 190t
SS. NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 23. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlco.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVZRY. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, J1C5; Steerage. $*>: Meals Free.
S. S.'Leelnnaw ».->!• « , Kept.
S- S. Argyll sails ¦ , Oct.
S. S. Lecl»naw s«!m . Oct. ,."
From — — at S p. m- v t
Freight and Passenger Office. 33» Ma'rkef st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPA85IS 6BHEBALS TBASSATLAlfTIQIIS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -.V^*-.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of -^SEaS
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. "^ *!P*
North River, foot of Morton street: La Cham-
pagne September 5: *La Savole. September 12;
•L'Aq'uitalne, September 19: La Bretagne, Sep-
Flrst class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class- to Havre, $45 and upward.- GENERAL
A.GENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New York.
J F FUGAZI& CO.,- Pacific Coast Agents. 3
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. TlclteV
sold- by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamer*.SUMMER RATES r at Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado Beadh, Cal.. effective after April 13;
$60 for round trip. Including 13 days' at hotel.
Pacific Coaat S. S. Co., 4 New Montgomery at
! LATIN PALINDROME— C. H. J. , t Fort
Bragg, Cal. The translation of the Latin
palindrome, , "Roma tibl subito, motibus
amor," is, "Rome, upon thee suddenly,
love with its commotion shall/come." This
is a specimen of the palindrome or stadoic
verse, a trfllng composition which reads
the same beginning from either , end of
the line. This line has been attributed to
Aldhelm. ' ; :
It is stated that since the Supreme Court of Mis
souri has declared unconstitutional the law imposing
a tax upon mortgages the rate of interest on real es
tate loans has fallen from 8 percent to 5 per cent. It
will be seen that while the law stood the borrower
had to pay the tax in the form of interest and some
thing over besides.
LICENSE AND WEDDING—Subscriber.
City. In California a marriage license is
valid only In the county in which It is
issued. "Whether "the officiating clergy
man should be invited to the. wedding
supper at which there are to be only the
groom, bride and immediate relatives of
each," is a matter of taste. There is no
law of ¦ society governing such matter.
You can apply this . law to the scheme
you have In mind and determine if it
comes within' the law.
"Any scheme for the disposal or distri
bution of property by chance among per
sons . who have . paid or promised to pay
any valuable consideration - for the pur
pose of obtaining any portion of it, or for
any share or interest in such property,
upon any : agreement, understanding . or
expectation that it Is to be distributed by
lot or chance, whether called a lottery,
raffle or gift enterprise or by whatever
name the same may be known."
-LOTTERY— A., City. "A lottery is de
fined by the law of California to be: ~
COIN QUESTIONS— Subscriber, Tibu
ron; Mrs. M. S., Oakland, and H. B.,
City. The piece described in communica
tion is a dos reales of the time of Charles
III of Spain. ' It has no numismatic value,
but is worth about 22 cents.
• A half-dollar of 1853, if it is without ar
rows at the date and without rays around
the eagle, commands a premium of from
$20 to $30, but -with rays and arrows it
does not command a premium. A half
dime of 1855 does not command a pre
mium.
There is no premium for a quarter of
1853 that has rays around the eagle.
- ELECTRIC LIGHT— A. C. S., City. Ap
paratus for producing electric light was
devised in 1846 and shown by Staite and
Petrie in 1848 and by Focault soon, there
after. Jules Dubosq's electric lamp, the
most perfect of the kind, was shown at
the Paris Exposition of 1855.
PENSIONS— Mrs. F. M. S., Alameda,
Cal. The United States grants pensions
to those who were injured, or wounded in
actual service or who become Incapaci
ated by reason of sickness contracted
while in the service.
MINING LAND LAWS— B. B. D., Bal
lards, Cal. You can procure the mining
laws', national and that of the different
States, in book form through any first
class bookseller.
THE CIVIL WAR— Mrs. F. M. S., Ala
meda, Cal. There are no figures which
show the living survivors of the Civil
War. * ,4
EDTSON— A. C. S., City. Thomas Edi
son was. born in Milan, Ohio, February
11, 1847.
Maud— Ha3 Mr. Goodketch come to call
on you yet?
Mabel— No. He asked me several weeks
ago if he might call, too.
Maud— What did you say In reply?
Mabel— I told him mamma would be glad
to see him.
Maud— Well, that's where you swallowed
your gum.— Chicago Tribune.
Choice candies. To-w^s-nd's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend*s.»
¦ ? ¦
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
| gomery street. Telephone Mala 1M2. •
"Josiar," said Mrs. Corntossel, "what Is
these neglljay shirts I see advertised In
the bargain sales?."
"Well, they ain't quite so prim an*
scratchy as a b'iled shirt— that is to say
a reg'lar hard-b'iled shirt. I reckon a
neglijay is what you might call a soft
b'iled shirt."— Washington Star.
Louise (In surprise)— You don't mean to
say Grace Pretty married a millionaire old
enough to be her father? Good gracious!
Why did she do such a thing?
Muriel— Why, she couldn't catch one ofa
enough to be her grandfather.— Brooklyn
Life. ' ¦- ;• . !
De "Witt— Tes, my son follows the med
ical profession. -.:¦?.
Gabbil— With his black clothes and
white lawn tie he looks more like a min
ister than a doctor.
De .Witt— I didn't say he was a doctor.
He's an undertaker.— Philadelphia Press.
"I see that the cup defender Constitu
tion takes trial trips on Sunday. Is it right
to indulge in sport on the day of rest?"
"Trips in a cup defender don't come un
der the head of sport. They are classed
as dangerous scientific experiments "—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mrs. Snaggs — I could never understand
why the Russians call their ruler tha
White Czar. ._.''•
Mr. Snaggs— I suppose that the numer
ous plots against hia life keep him pala
all the time.— Pittsburg Chronicle
,"} r rs. "Wabash looks like such a lovable
wo;^an.".
"Lovable! I should say she was lovable!
That's her long suit. She's had five hus
bands in seven years!"— Cleveland Plain
Dealer. •
DIME OF 1845— "W. J. G., Monterey, Cal.
No premium is offered for a dime of 1845.
of the exclusive right to make, use and
vend the invention or discovery through
out the United States and the Territories,
referring to the specification for the par
ticulars thereof.
Samuel M. Shortridge, accompanied By
his wife, returned from Sausallto Satur
day,* where they have been residing: for
the summer months. They have taken
permanent quarters at the Palace.
"W. M. Muller, adjutant general of the
Fifth Brigade of the National Guard of
California, is staying at the California.
R. P. Quinn, one of the leading orchard
ists of the State, is spending a few days
at the Grand. .
J. H. Morton, an extensive fruit-grower
of Tulare, is spending a few days at the
California.
, Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock of
Ventura is at the Grand.
M. P. Stein, a prominent merchant of
Stockton, is a guest at the California.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Very little profit then will Sampson .and Schley
obtain from the controversy while they yet live, and
nothing at all after they are dead. The great majority
of the American people honor both the pld heroes
for their long years of service in the cause of the re
public and v watch with regret the progress of the
strife fictween them. For the foolish partisans who
stirred it up the public has nothing but the contempt
which is ever visited upon strife-makers and tale-
Alas for the vanity of human wishes. The two old
men will get out of this strife nothing but bitter feel
ings, for their future fame will show but slightly in
American history. As the years roll on and the an
nals of our country, already crowded with illustrious
names, become more crowded still, the space which
even the most voluminous historian can afford for an
account of the battle of Santiago will grow smaller
and smaller, until it will almost vanish, and there will
be neither space nor inclination for appraising the
comparative merits or demerits of the commander of
the fleet who was absent from the fight and of his
second in command who actually conducted it to
success. . v
The foolish partisans who by their prejudices and
passions have forced on this controversy between the
two old heroes have doubtless believed they were
serving the cause of their favorite. Probably Maclay
deemed he was giving honor and satisfaction to his
hero, Sampson, when he declared Schley to have been
a coward at Santiago; and it is equally probable
Schley's friends and supporters thought they were
acting in behalf of his future fame and his present
gratification when they urged him to demand an in
vestigation, and began to assail Sampson and to hold
him up to ridicule as a tea-party idler — a dangler at
the apron strings of silly women. . .
REPORTS of the failing health of Rear Ad
miral Sampson, taken in connection with the
struggle now going on between his partisans
and those. of Schley, afford another illustration of the
folly and the vanity oi human strife. Schley's career
in the navy is about over, for he is to retire in Octo
ber, .while, according to the reports, Sampson is an
utterly .broken man, physically unable to appear be
fore the court to give testimony. What reward can
any outcome of the controversy" offer to either of
these old men sufficient to compensate them for the
vexation and ill feeling engendered to fret and em
bitter their declining years?
THE VANITY OF STRIFE.
Ethelbert Stewart, secretary of the Economical
Food Bureau of Chicago, is reported to have said
recently: "The poor are facing a crisis which may
alter their mode of life and force them to adopt sub
stitutes for such vegetables as cabbage and beans."
That is certainly a hard outlook for Chicago, but
what is to prevent the people from coming to Cali
fornia and living on peaches, and cream?
It is believed the Department of Agriculture might
accomplish something by publishing the names of
manufacturers whose goods are found to be adulter
ated. In that way the public would be at least put
on guard against certain brands of goods, and
thereby enabled to avoid them. As it is there is
comparatively little benefit gained by the exhibit at
Buffalo. The display is a warning to the people that
dangerous adulterations are in use, but it does not
afford any man a means of easily identifying which
are dangerous. when they are offered to him in the
market. The Government has authority to expose
and to punish a counterfeiter of money; why should
it not have power to expose^ the counterfeiter of
foods? -?•'¦;
With the sensation caused by the display there has
come a renewed demand for an effective law to pro
tect the public against the frauds, and probably some
thing in that direction will be attempted by legisla
tion at the coming session of Congress.. There are
of course many difficulties in the way of devising
adequate laws on the subject and having them en
forced strictly and impartially. The people of the
country naturally revolt at the thought of placing
industry and commerce under the control of a po
lice censorship, and yet if the evil augment in the
future as rapidly as it has in the past quarter of a
century it would seem that something will have to
be done to protect the producer of honest goods from
the ruinous competition of fraudulent manufacturers,
and the public from the effects of the untrammeled
sale of deleterious substances masquerading in the
form of foods.
OF all the exhibits made at the Buffalo expo
sition it is said none attracts more attention
from thoughtful visitors than the display
made by the Agricultural Department of pure and of
adulterated food products. The exhibit reveals to the
public the extent to which the evil of food adultera
tion and sophistication has gone, by showing speci
mens of dyes, impurities, 'chemical preservatives and
even poisons which arc offered for sale in alimentary
articles purchased in the open markets of the country.
FOOD COUNTERFEITS.
According to recently compiled statistics the aver
age length of life in this country in 1880 was but little
over 33 years, but in 1000 it was more than 35 years,
so perhaps by the end of the century the average
man will live long enough to make it worth while
being born.
Conditions in California remain as before. Our
farm and orchard products are still enjoying an un
precedented demand, and prices for almost everything
that the farmer and fruit-grower produce, except grain
and hay, are higher than the normal and tending still
higher. Were it not for the strike in this city and
around the bay. the State would be enjoying a pro
nounced productive boom. Even as it is we are do
ing a very large business.
The above showing is flattering. It exhibits a fine
condition of business all over the country. Evidently
the wave of prosperity which followed the election of
McKinley five years sgo, and which the '.Republican
party promised the voters of the country, has not yet
spent its force. It has lasted longer than the most
sanguine ones expected. The promise of the Repub
lican party has been more than kept Never before
has &£. -United States done such an immense busi
ness, both domestic and foreign, nor for such a long
time.
Cereali and iron were the only halting lines during
the week. Large available supplies and good crop
prospects, with indications of a decrease in the ex
ports, softened the wheat market slightly, though
foreign shipments from Atlantic ports were still very
large, amounting to 6,307,000 bushels, against
2,804,000 for the same week last year. Corn also open
ed the week with some depression, but stiffened
toward the close, with the stalwart bulls again in the
Chicago market as buyers. The iron and steel trades
were, oi course, more or less affected by the strike,
though it is estimated that not more than 20 per cent
of the country's capacity has thus far been affected,
and the indications are that even this is being gradu
ally decreased. The railroads report a gain in earn
ings in August of 12.1 per cent over August, 1900, and
this in the face of a scarcity of freight cars, which has
kept back a good deal of tonnage which otherwise
would have swelled this increase.
But there is no complication in the domestic busi
ness of the country, mid it Js here where the current
improvement lies. From air sources last week com
mercial reports pointed to a marked increase in the
volume of business. Chicago reported very heavy
purchasing of general stores, dry goods and clothing;
Omaha a larger August business than in 1900; Kan
sas City, which is one of the leading distributing
points to the great area lately parched by the heated
term, all the jobbing business that its merchants can
handle; and St. Louis an unusual demand among job
bers and an August diy goods trade beyond expecta
tions. All Western markets report a large call for
hardware, and the East reports. increasing shipments
of boots and shoes, & marked improvement in the
demand for cotton goods and the woolen mills crowd
ed with orders, even the small concerns having all
they can attend to. In the Middle West there is a
very active hide market, with a tendency toward
higher prices. Thus it will be seen that all over
the country there is ?. pronounced expansion: in the
jobbing trade. The bank clearings affirm this in a
gain for the week of 54.1 per cent,. every important
city in the country _¦; showing "an 'rincrease over last
year except Milwaukee, the loss in that cjty^ivas
merely nominal, being .6. per cent. 'The failures were
202, against 175 for the same week last year. ¦ -
JUDGING from the condition of trade last week,
the country is entering upon another business
expansion. It may be the beginning of another
commercial boom, though this is hardly probable, as
the Outgoing Atlantic steamers report less call for
freight room, and some have lately sailed with par
tial cargoes, which would indicate a falling off in the
country's export trade. In contradiction to this,
however, ocean freights on the other coast have lately
hardened sufficiently to check a budding advance in
wheat. So the situation in regard to the foreign
trade of the country seems a little complicated.
IS IT ANOTHER EXPANSION?
• * ' *
• The Italian naval expedition to China Is estimated to In
volve an expenditure of $5,000,000, of which $1,930,000 is charged;
by the War Department.
A school for practical and theoretical work for engine-room
mechanics has been established at the French dockyard at
I/Orient, and there were 2000 applicants for the 300 places to
te lilied.
The steam trial of the new Russian torpedo-boat ship
Jenissei has proved unsatisfactory. The average measured
mile speed was only 16.64 knots, and the horsepower fell short
500 on the contract for 4700 horsepower. The failure is laid
to the alleged poor quality of coal.
The new shipbuilding programme of the British navy em
braces three battleships of 16,500 tons each and 1S& knots speed,
to cost $6,500,000 and to be completed in 1904. They have been
named King Edward "VII, Dominion and Commonwealth. Six
armored cruisers of 10,000 tons and 23 knots speed, to -cost
$3,500,000 each, will also be laid down, besides ten Improved de
stroyers with large coal capacity.
Three Russian torpedo-boat destroyers. Kit. Delphln and
Som, have at last arrived at Port Arthur after a lengthy
passage from St. Petersburg. They arrived in good condi
tion. Twelve additional boats of 247 tons displacement ar*
building at St. Petersburg and will be shipped out in sections
to Port Arthur, where a Chinese contractor, under Russian
naval supervision, will put up, launch and complete the boats.
The Armstrong Company at Elswlck la to build a cruiser
for the Turkish navy. The vessel is to be of 3230 tons dis
placement, 320 feet in length, 42 feet beam, 12,000 horse
power and 22 knots speed. The armament will consist of two
6-Inch, eight 4.72-lnch and six 6-pounders. There is no doubt
about Elswick being able to fulfill its part of the contract, but
the Turk's promise to pay must have some reputable indorser.
A Siamese warship is to be built In Japan. A first request
to the latter Government was refused, owing to certain regula
tions governing such matters, but the request having been
repeated the order will probably be placed with the Bishl
Ship-building Company. The Siamese navy consists of about
ten vessels of 500 to 600 tons each, and the new ship, intended
for the defense of the Menam River, will equal the tonnage
of the other vessels collectively. • .
delivery, namely: Blechynden, 2, in 1S94, aboard torpedo-boat
destroyer Sturgeon; Nonnand, 1. 1S94, aboard the Shark; Bab
cock and Wilcox, 1, 1894, experimental on shore, and Belleville.
1, 1898, on board the cruiser Argonaut." The mishap to a Tar
row boiler on the Hornet In 1895 took place before acceptance.
Three accidents to the Belleville boiler occurred on the Ter
rible, Mutine and Hyacinth, and those to the Thornycroft were
on the Aerial and Darinjc.
Eleven accidents to water-tube boilers have occurred in the
British navy, involving loss of life and injuries since Septem
ber, 1894, enumerated and classified as follows: . t .
Belleville boilers— Four accidents; two killed; seven Injured.
Thornycroft boilers— Two accidents; three 'killed; five Injured.
Babcock and Wllcox boilers— One accident; one killed; five Injured.
Yarrow boilers— One accident ; one Injured.
1 Blechynden boilers— Two accidents; two killed; several Injured.
Norjnand boilers— One accident; several injured.
• * . •
Five of the accidents occurred at contractors' works before
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The "United - States naval coaling station in Japan is at
Nagasaki, and is one of several parcels of land ceded to the
principal naval powers in 1866. No actual title is vested, but
a "permanent lease" is given at nominal yearly rental amount
ing to $60 for the two parcels occupied by the United States.
As our navy had no use for the site it was turned- over to the
Pacific Mall Company and was occupied by the latter until the
close of the late Spanish-American war, when the Navy De
partment again took possession, and construction of store
houses for 18,000 tons of coal is being proceeded with.
A naval expert, Arnold 'White, writes in the London Chron
icle about the necessity for fast and efficient cruisers, and pro
tests against continuing in service a fleet of 113 vessels more
or less obsolete and valueless. Few coast defenders are in
cluded as worthless, namely:' Glatton, Gorgon, Hecate, Cyclops,
Magdala/ Abyssinia. Wivern, Rupert, Hotspur and Orion. ¦ All
four of the torpedo-boats of the Hazard class are useless; six
sloops, two gunboats, two second-class gunboats, thirty-four
torpedo gunboats, and all of the Goldfinch and Partridge gun
boat class are claimed to be useless. The writer does not exag
gerate the bad condition of the navy, but rather underrates; for
there are a number of cruisers built prior to 1890 which during
recent naval maneuvers have demonstrated /their inability to
maintain a decent sea speed and otherwise proved their ln
eiMciency
: Some quick work was recently done on board the British
cruiser Hermione. at Hongkong. The incident is told in the
Naval and Military Record, relating that the Hermlone re
ceived orders at 10 o'clock in the evening to have steam up
for full speed by 6 o'clock the following morning. Two of the
bciler3 were empty and open; the fire bars were out of four
of the furnaces; one boiler was in use for auxiliary purposes;
five boilers were completely full of water; no fires were laid;
the main condensers were empty and the important portions of
the gear were In the yard-shop for repairs. By a quarter past
10 the full steaming watch for eight boilers had mustered be
low, the missing gear was brought from the shop and fitted,
and by midnight the center fires were lighted in all the boilers.
At 5:15 a. m. the engines were moved with steam from all
eight boilers, and thirty-five minutes later the ship was un
der way. An hour later she was making about 16% knots,
and she covered 448 miles in twenty-five hours. The Her
mione's boilers are of the Scotch type, or box-boilers, so called.
In Addition to These • Powerful Naval Engines of War, There Will Be Constructed Six
Armored Cruisers of Ten Thousand Tons Each and Ten Improved Destroyers.
One satisfactory feature of the situation is that Lip
ton, the owner of the challenger, is a true sportsman
and has conducted the whole affair from first to last
in a manner that has won the favor of the American
people. If we are to be beaten it will be pleasing to
know that the man who succeeded is one to whom
we can yield without. ill feeling. Still, it is always
better to defeat a good opponent than to surrender
to him. and it is to be hoped the defending yacht will
make in the races a much' better showing than she
has ever made in her trials. ' ''.
The famous trophy, which has now become the
greatest sporting prize in ,the world; was won by the
America in 1851. It has been in our possession for
fifty years without intermission. Never once has a
challenger succeeded in winning it away. Possibly a
greater interest might be given to the contest if we
should lose it, but we do not like to .have the interest
augmented in- that way. The struggle is exciting
enough as it is. ;
The uncertainty of the situation gives new interest
to the contention of T. W. Lawson that the New
England yacht, Independence, should have a" chance
to enter the contest. He says':' "There is really no
reason why the Independence should not be entered
as a competitor in the cup races. It is an interna
tional, not a yacht club, race. Anybody having a
yacht coming up to the requirements should be al
lowed to enter it. It should; make no difference
whether the boat hailed from Boston or San Fran
cisco."
It appears from the trials that while Shamrock II
is decidedly a better b'oat than Shamrock I, it is by
no means certain the Constitution is better than the
Columbia, or at least but very, little better. All ex
perts agree that Lipton has brought over this time
the most dangerous challenger that ever came after
the cup, but they do not by any means agree that the
new defender is superior to her immediate predeces
sor. Accepting the statements of the experts as ap
proximately correct, it is evident that no matter what
rate of odds New York money is able to put on the
betting the outlook is by nomeass satisfactory.
WHILE the American people have so often
beaten British challengers of the America's
cup that there has grown up among us a
confident. feeling that we can always win, there is none
the less evident in the reports from New York a
growing feeling of uncertainty as to the outcome this
time. It is true' that an English syndicate th^ raised
the sum of $150,000 to bet on Shamrock II had no
difficulty. in finding New Yorkers to put up $250,000
against it, but the rate of betting is not a sure sign of
the real odds in the co'ntest.- New York is full of rich
men who are willing to bet on anything, and when
their patriotism is aroused, 'as in this case, they would
meet any bluff the British could put up and give
odds at that.
THE AMERICA'S CUP.
MONDAY .SEPTEMBER 2, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Commcaicatioas to W. S. LEAEE, Kantger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 201
PUBLICATION OFFICE.'. .-Blarket and Third. SJ F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL* ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. O Cent*.
Terms by Mall, Including; Postaeei
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year .. ...$«.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL. Oncludln*- Sunday). 3 months .'. 1.60
I>AILT CALL— By Single Mosth , 65c
BUKDAY CALL One Tear ; 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Fample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Brondvray
C. GEORGE KBOGM3SS.
ITirtffr foreign Acrn-titinp. ZCar^oette Bcilfing. Chiea£>.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX .' Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnliillng
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TValdOT-f-Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Mcrmy Hill HoteL
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, ooen
until 11:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAHlirter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. cpen until
»:«0 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, cpen
until 3 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, epen until 9 o'clock. XW.
•corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Mllmore. open until 9. a. m.
to the track the Prince had taken charge of all the arrange
"How is this?" said the maior.
"You are too late," said the Prince.
¦ And then Major Rathbone'got huffy, packed his trunk ana
left. - •'•5-/'. : -' ";-¦•
There was not even any gossip to keep us interested. Some
body in greatest secrecy went around telling how Frank Caro
lan took grand baths. But we all suspected as much, and are
trying it ourselves. If it makes our sallow cheeks as pink as
Cardan's there won't be any complaint.
• • *
The only real fun I did have was when I went to the beach
to watch the merry bathers. I will have to confess, however,
that the way Mrs. Henry Scott clutched the ropes while prac
ticing a step that on dry land would be calculated to damage
the chandelier did make me hold any breath. I must not for
get to ask Greenway the very first opportunity I get whether
that embroidered smoking cap he wore while swimming was
the some Joe Tobin wore when playing polo. However, now
that 1 think of it, I am convinced that it cannot be. Tobin's
cap was fastened with an elastic, which was twisted around hia
ears and under his chin. Greenway's cap Just stayed on
naturally Besides, with the polo cap Tobin always carried
a brobdlngnagain toothpick, which he called his stick- I never
saw Greenway bring a stick Into the water.
Wasn't it a surprise when Mrs. R. Gllman Brown was defeat
ed? I for one, could hardly realize it. You should have seen
her the morning of the famous game as she came on the
links. She walked with an easy stride, and had a look that
said "It's hardly worth while playing for the championship,
for, of course, I shall be the winner."
And after-oh! oh! oh!
But she Is enthusiastic about golf. She came back to town
with Dr. McMonagle. and during the entire trip, from 11:30
to 4;10, she never ceased talking golf.
' I considered It a real blessing when we got news that
Princess Hatzfeldt had settled with the Huntlngtons for six
millions. There was something to gossip about. Some out
siders at Del Monte were saying that in elite circles they never
talk They must, not have been around when we were dis
cussing the affalfe of the Hatzfeldts. I heard so much that
really I cannot remember half of what I was told. I recall
a very sad part, though, of how fondly it was hoped that tha
stork would call upon the Princess and help her keep the mil
lion that, should she die without issue, was to return to tha
Huntington estate.
Then there was another thrilling tale of the Prince snub
bing Mrs H. K. Huntington and thereby causing the nephew
to hate the adopted daughter with an undying hatred
But everything is all patched now. The six millions have
no conditions attached to them. I would not be astonished if
the Prince actually did snub Mrs. H. E.
ONE OF THE THREE NEW BATTLESHIPS TO BE BUILT
FOR GREAT BRITAIN TO BE NAMED KING ED WARD VII
I ..HAVE just got back from Del Monte, knowing more about
gentlemen's calves and ankles and hosiery than I ever be
; lieved it possible for "one woman to learn in the course
..of a well spent life. Since my return I have been rack
ing my brains to learn the cause of this generous exposure,
and the only satisfactory conclusion that I have been able
to arrive at is that the trend, of -the times demands that the
word "leg" become once again a part of a well-bred lady's vo
cabulary. .
Certainly no girl whose mother was a lady could calmly
look on that wonderful display of underpinnings and then re
tire to her boudoir and discuss with her nearest and dearest
"his lovely limbs." The girls told me that the fashionable
knee breeches that our beaus affect have given them a keen
insight Into man's life. For instance, they claim that they
can understand just how a bald man feels when he occupies
a front row seat at avcomic opera show and just why he wants
to be there. -<«^ V : -¦.. .
.Of course, , every girl had a favorite pair of legs. The
Prince's dainty and well-turned 'ankles 1 made many a maid's
heart beat a tattoo, while again some preferred the robust Will
Crocker calf, or, again, the chunky, bulgtng knee that goes
with the Downey Harvey figure. As for myself, I must con
fess that'if Mayor Phelan would join the ballet I would spend
all my pin money for front row seats. There is something so
aristocratic about the Mayor's legs. His ankles, I will admit,
are a bit— knotty, his knees— knotty, but his firm, shapely calves
plainly show to me that he is of a poetic temperament.
. But in this matter of legs there is no accounting for taste.
I have seen girls stretch their necks .way out of. their high
collars to watch. Greenway -as he tripped along the 'links. I
should consider.' that the line from his ! knee ' to his ankle is
too short for beauty, but many girls maintain that it Is all In
splendid proportion. I will have to admit, however, that I did
not give my undivided attention to Greenway's legs. I was al
ways too busy watching him draw in the sturdy strap that
enriched his " manly waist— an arrangement he always pre
ceded by the preliminary movements of a sailor about to dance
a hornpipe.
I really felt sorry for Dick Tobin. I do not believe that he
had one solitary sincere admirer. It was so , hard for us girls
to make up our minds concerning him. His right one was not
half bad, but the left one— well, no one was courageous enough
to risk her arstitlc reputation by' speaking one word in its
favor.
That week of sports was about- the dullest thing I ever
expect to be iw*on. We all got bored to such an extent that
we confided our tale of woe to one another. Over- at the club
they said no one was spending any money. I heard continual
bewailings because Peter Martin and Clarence Pollis were not
among those present. They, I was told, livened things up last
year considerably. No matter what they said, however, I
know some money was spent, because Major Rathbone could
not get up in time to attend the pony races. When he did get
For a' long time the fury of the public against a'
baseball umpire' who decided against a favorite has
been the subject of jesting, but at a recent game Jn
Indiana an umpire was actually killed bya mob that
objected to his decisions. Perhaps in a year or so
more an umpire will be deemed fortunate if he isn't
burned at the stake.
BY SALLY SHARP.
Such is the record of progress made in the chief
industries of the South under the protective system,
and the minor industries have kept pace with them,
yet the political leaders of the white people of that
section are again talking of assailing the fiscal system
under which all that progress has been made. Could
political folly go further without becoming outright
madness?
To no other part of the Union has the Dingley
tariff carried a greater benefit than to the South. Un
der its influence the -manufacturing enterprises of
that section have gone forward by leaps and bounds.
South Carolina has now more cotton mills in opera
tion than any other State in the Union, with the ex
ception of Massachusetts. 1 Official -figures issued by
the Government show that in the Southern States the
capital invested in cotton mills has increased from
$21,976,000 to $150,000,000; the cotton manufactured
from 188,744 bales to 1,597,000 bales. The cottonseed
oil industry was in its infancy twenty years ago, only
$3,500,000 being invested in the business. Now the
cottonseed oil capitalization is $50,000,000. The yearly
output of Southern pig iron in 1880 was 397,300 tons.
Last year it was 2.604,671 tons. The Southern coal
mined in that year was 6,049,471 tons. In 1900 the coal
output had increased eightfold, amounting to 48, 192,
053 tons. The railway mileage increased during the
twenty years from 20,612 to 53,000.
Since drowning men clutch at straws, it is not sur
prising that Democratic leaders should grasp at any
thing that even promises a means of escape from
Bryan, but of all the follies committed in the name
df party politics, none could exceed that of the people
of the Southern States 'if they should now undertake
to destroy the tariff under which they have attained
a degree of prosperity they have never before known
and which, a few years ago, it seemed improbable
they would ever attain.
Following along the same line the Atlanta Consti
tution recently said: "When the tariff schedule has
been diverted from encouragement to American trade
at large, to the special enrichment of a few favored
individuals, it is time to have a revision in favor of
the people. As well allow a party of bandits to decide
uppxi the. restoration of booty as expect the Repub-
Jic^n; party to free itself from the tariff looters of the
TOBiitry/r: -Only through a political upheaval driving
out the party in power can reform be brought about."
Several of the leading Democratic papers in Demo
cratic States have already declared in favor of bring
ing the old issue to the front. Thus the St. Louis
Republic says: "The perpetuation of the high pro
tective tariff threatens now to precipitate a trade war,
waged against this country by a European trade alli
ance, which 'would be of infinite costliness to Ameri
can trade. The high protective tariff now only fur
ther enriches the American trusts. It taxes the Amer
ican consumer for this sole purpose. It is time to
abolish the high protective tariff." ¦
Such leaders have been prompt to take advantage
of every rumor of the time that can be used for the
purpose of fanning discontent with the tariff as it
stands. They not only make use of the rumors, but
they sometimes resort to an abuse of them by exag
gerating them or placing wrong constructions upon
them. Thus it seems not improbable that the elimi
nation from politics of Bryan and his free-silver craze
will mean a renewal of the assaults upon the tariff,
and the country will be involved once more in a con
test over its fiscal policy, resulting in disturbances
that will seriously interfere with business.
AMONG the many Democrats searching around
after an issue, upon which to make campaigns
in the immediate future it is not strange that
some of them should deem it possible to find one in
the tariff. They remember that under the leadership
of Cleveland they won a national victory on that
question, but they have forgotten what happened
next. Recalling that a free-trade agitation put the
Government in their hands and ignoring the fact that
it also took work and wages from the hands of labor,
they are ready again to revive the old contention in
the hope that once more the offices will be theirs.
ANKLES AND HOSIERY OF THE MEN
PART OF THE SHOW AT DEL MONTE
ATTACKING THE TARIFF.
bearers. The truest' and firmest friends of Schley
will read .with regret of the breaking down of Samp
son's health, and the true friends of Sampson can
have nothing but condemnation ; for the fool 'who
deemed he could write into American history that
Schley is a coward.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, g SEPTEMBER ' 2, 1 901.
PATENTED . ARTICLES-C. H. v-« J.,'
Fresno, Cal. A person may "make for his
own use" an article . that has been pat
ented, but In : doing so he j takes the
chances of being prosecuted for •Infringe
ment of patent.. Every 'patent Issued from
the United- States Patent Office* contains
a grant to. the patentee, | his heirs or, as
signs for ., the period of seventeen years,
¦r The . daughter of Picrpont Morgan has been visit
ing Colorado on a hunting expedition, but instead of
sending out accounts of her riding and rifle shooting
the natives have started a story that she cannot make
flapjacks, and it never seems to ; have occurred to
them that she can buy the things. ' -
A college, of heraldry has been incorporated. at Al
bany,. New York, and pretty soon it will be as easy
in the East to buy a coat of arms as a degree, of LL.D.
4
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watklns— Tuesday, at 11 a. m.. Horses, Wagons. Bug-
Sies. etc.. at 1110 Folsom street.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWFOR THE SUIHEBl-
C«.ll (Bbicriben contemplating • changt ef
W &$• t rt <P*S2 O<f* rtnyl ti g* the SUUXnCP th OH t XI ft CftB *1 ttVH
their paper lonrarded , by mall to their new
addre«se« by notifying: The Call Business Ofilco.
Thin paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resort* md is represented, by a. local afxemt im
towns ob the coast.' '¦ ¦_'
AMUSEMENTS.
"Tlvoli — "Xonna."
California— "An Ideal Husband."
Orpheun^- Vaudeville.
Columbls»VA Royal Family."
AIcazftr^-r'IngGmar.**— '-i*/ i«i^ .-* : "-? ''7-'.-
Grand Ofsera-Tiouse— "Roseflale.*", _,';' .
Olytupia, corner !las=ca and Eddjr Etreets— Specialties.-
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. ;Central Pennsylvania, Is the First Delegate to Arrive— -He Will
Fill the Pulpit of Grace Episcopal Church on Next Sunday
The Right Reverend EthelbertT Talbot, Bishop Jof the Diocese of
EPI5C0PAL CONVENTION WILL
BE VERY LARGELY ATTENDED
"Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret it. - . — _ •
The new bill presented at the Orpheum
should pack the house every night this
week. • Every, number pleased the large
audience present last night and in a
number of cases the performers had to re
spond to an encore.- The show was
opened by Miss Lucille Saunders, where-*
tribute to Amusement of Public.
Attractive Programmes That Con-
The lecture and concert to be given at
Metropolitan Temple to-night under the
auspices of the Holy. Name Society prom
ises to be a rare treat. The lecture on
"Savonarola' and Alexander < the Sixth,"
by | Rev. J. L. O'Neil, O_ P. , /is alone well
¦worth' the price of admission, and in ad
dition Rev. Robert F. Sesnon, the "Sing-
Ing Priest," .. ; heads .the concert pro
examine. ¦ , ¦ . - "'.-¦¦ -.. ,
The new bill at the Chutes this week
includes two new acts— Oscar P. Sisson and
the Esther Wallace, company in a comedy
satire, "My Wife's Presents," and the
Standard quartet of colored warblers.
The holdoyers are the Esmonds, Ameta,
Ina Allen, Robert Nome and a series of
new moving pictures. :
An excellent programme has been pre
pared for this week at Fischer's Concert
House. Among the entertainers are the
Paloma quartet: June Mathis, a clever
child performer; Sam Holdsworth, the
popular descriptive tenor; W. W. Durant,
the "Musical. Chinaman"; the Coopers in
their delightful sketch. "The Midnight
Visitor"; Coleman and Mexls, sharpshoot
ers, • and Amos Davis and Mabelle de
Heard, colored fun makers.
Colonel W. P. Hepburn, a distinguished
member of the Iowa delegation in Con
gress, was the chief guest at a breakfast
given by Colonel A. G. Hawes-at the Bo
hemian Club . yesterday. Other guests
were A. H. Martin, George T. Bromley,
Dr. Benjamin R. Swan and Hugh M.
Burke. Colonel Hepburn and Colonel
Hawes were campaigning in Northern
Mississippi when Phil Sheridan was com
missioned colonel of the Second Michi
gan Cavalry and placed in command of a
brigade of troops. The first' battle In
which General Sheridan directed the
Union forces took place In this campaign,
and Colonels Hepburn and Hawes partici
pated in the engagement.
gentle Parthenla and White Whittlesey
as the noble barbarian; It is nearlng the
end of Miss Roberts' engagement at the
Alcazar, and some of her best plays,
among them "Ingomar," have been re
served for "the latter part of her season.
It is also one of Whittlesey's best parts,
he having played it for two seasons with
Julia Arthur. "The Taming of the
Shrew" is in active preparation.
Breakfast to Colonel Hepburn.
Mr. Nelll had the part of Lord Goring
that Herbert Kelcey introduced to us
some six -years ago at the Baldwin, and
Mr. Neill did some very good work in the
part. It is a pleasant role to play, this
of the gentle aristocrat, who hides his vir
tues and flaunts his amiable vices, and
Mr. Nelll neared lovableness In the part.
His slight native drawl is a useful prop
erty, and comes in conveniently for Lord
Goring. Frank MacVicars was a manly
Lord Chiltern, not always quite convinc
ing: on the emotional side, perhaps, but
his work keyed always to a clean, re
strained, gentlemanly pitch. The Earl of
Caversham gave John \V. Burton a good
opportunity as one of his excellent testy
old gentlemen, in this case Lord Goring's
papa, who is "one of those parents who
have the inevitable knack of turning up
at the wrong time," as Lord Goring
pathetically puts it.
But perhaps to Miss Chapman belong
the honors of the evening, for her de
lightfully clever portrayal of Mrs. Cheve
ley, the adventuress de luxe of the play.
She gave this refined and artistic adven
turess "a grenlus by day and a beauty by
night"— with a charming and even bril
liant touch, and looked her very hand
somest in some stunning gowns. In the
third, act, ', where the dramatic interest
surges, she does some quite unexception
able work, and Mr. Neill is also at his
best here. Julia Dean has Wilde's epi
grammatic ingenue's part, and is fit and
pretty in it, the epigram leaving her pret
ty mouth with quaint ease and sparkle.
If only the whole thing- could move some
thing more swiftly, something more light
ly, there would be. little to cavil at in the
whole performance, but assuredly one
feels at times — In the waits — as if it were
one's sheer duty to get out and push
behind. But it's a play that will surely
draw, and was hugely enjoyed by a good
house, when it "began to begin" last
night, i . ¦ GUISARD.
AT TH K OTHER THEATEKS.
It was a very creditable performance
the Neill company gave at the California
last night of "An Ideal Husband," bar
ring the interminable intervals between
acts. The first two acts are by no means
swift in themselves, being deficient in
action and relying almost wholly upon
the deftness and ease of the dialogue, and
when to this inherent leisureliness is add
ed the long waits It is not easy to keep
up the Interest. ; • '
"An Ideal Husband" Is
Well Received at
the California.
Mrs. Hannah Wald^rsteln, who resides
at -633 Golden Gate avenue, was thrown
from a McAllister-street car yesterday
afternoon and sustained a fractured rib
and internal injuries which may prove
fatal. Mrs. "Walderstein was 59 years of
age yesterday and intended to celebrate
her birthday by a visit to the theater In
company with her daughter. The two
ladles boarded a McAllister-street car and
rode as- far as Third street. When the
car stopped the daughter got off safely
but her mother was thrown to the ground
by a sudden starting of the car. P. S.
Anthony, the conductor of the car, claims
that Mrs. Waltersteln attempted to get
off the car before it came to a full stop.
Eyewitnesses, however, say that after the
young lady had alighted the car moved
on while her mother was In the act of
stepping off. Mrs. Walderstein's Injuries
were treated at the Receiving Hospital
by Dr. Morrison, after which she was re
moved to her home. .' •
Aged "Woman Thrown From a Car. »
G—neral committee of arrangements— P. H.
McCarthy; chairman; O. A. Tveltmoe, secre
tary: Henry Thieler. assistant secretary; John
E McDougald. treasurer: John Allen. George
Hammell. John P. Horgan, J. M Burke Jr.,
J Salanave, W. C. French. Louis Chester, \V.
H. Hollowpeter, Thomas E. Hunter, Daniel
O'Neil, D. McDougald, C. Webber, John Spar
eo. Charles W. Springsteen, M. Norton. H.
Hogan, George D. Keely. C. L. Parsons. Wil
liam J. X. Robinson, Charles Chllds, J. A.
Breen, E. Clancy, J. II. Mullen, D. C. Craw T
ford J. P. Burke, J." E. Lewie, J. Scott, W.
J Backus, G. E. Ayres. A. J. Summers. H.
M. Saunders, William Danielson. J. Scully.
Committee on cames— William Danielson.
chairman; H. M. Saunders, Judge; J. Sajanave,
E. Clancy, J. H. Mullen, A. J. Summers, G.
"'committee on finance— O. A. Tveltmoe. chair
man: H. Thieler, John Spargo. Charles Web
ber. Louis Chester, W. C. French, J. T.
Committee on talcnt-J. P. Horgan. chair
man- ¦ Louia Chester, G. D. Keely, .\\. J. X.
Robinson. M. Norton. J. P. Burke.
Committee on prizes— H. Thieler, chairman;
J 6aianave, W. H. Hollowpeter, Thomas A.
Hunter. D. McDonald, C. L. Parsons, J. E.
Lewis. J. Scott. W. J. Backus.
Committee on printing and official pro-
E-ramme O. A. Tveltmoe, chairman: J. E. Mc-
Dougald, Charles Kellar. W. C. French. W.
H HollowDeter, H. Thieler, D. C. Crawford.
Floor committee— R. J. Alexander, floor man
ager- J E. Lewis, assistant floor manager;
E F Bailey, J. Swanson, W. H. Bemlss, E.
Parsonf Georee Robinson. B. E. Powers, B.
M Philpot. Henry Ostoff. John Twyford, J.
U McGrath, Thomas Parkinson, Walter Reed,
To'hn Dhue, P. Lauray, George M. Miller, E.
J Collins L. Gramvell, J. J. Joell. Dan Dani
niene D. McDonald. Walter Hamilton. G. J.
McLa'uKhlin. Harry Zltech. Charles Morrison.
T O'Brien. J. Holland. .T. Hammersley. A.
Ilahr C. O. Jacobs, Richard Hamb, J. T*
l£earns W. J. Backus. E. Mercer. John
K^ntt. William J. Brltton, William Dunlap,
Thomas Craig. R. P. Pornan. J. O. Arnett
Reception committee— Louis Chester, chair
man- F P. Nicholas. George Baron, H. Cos
ten W.' A. Cole, A. Henningrs. M. J Kelly, J.
B Pene J. B. McCann. John Weldlein, D.
O'Neil. William Nichols, F. C. Russell. M.
Hughes. William Mays. John Beatty. E. D.
BeUr J Bagley. Thomas Brady. G. W. Baltic.
P H Farley, Eugene A. Clancy, A. B. Moon,
\V Kolan, George Crowley, William Evans. C.
M* Stein. William F. Stockman. W. H. Hol
lowpeter. George Bridges, H. D. Jackson.
George Douglas. J. Tucker. J. Falkner, S. A.
Miller F C. Rounds. George Smith, A. J.
Lynn. John Carroll, Richard Feely, J. E.
Ayres, James MpKeown. John Stlnjen, David
Simpson, D. Crawford. Thomas Courtney.
The literary exercises include an address
by P. H. McCarthy, president of the day,
addresses by John E. McDougald and J.
T. Kearns tl coon songs by the Waterman
sisters and' solos by K. Gilchrist and C.
Collins. Following the exercises • there
will be athletic sports, races and danc
ing. Many useful prizes will be given to
the victors in the games. Hundreds of
dollars will be difcbursed in cash prizes.
The committeeat having charge of the
celebration are composed of the follow
ing:
• Sailors, First Company.
Band.
Sailors. Second Company.
Marine Cooks and Stewards.
POB, THE CAUSE OE LABOR.
Celebration of Building Trades Coun
cil at Shell Mound. '
The celebration of Labor day by : the
Building Trades Councils of California at
Shell Mound Park to-day promises to be
a notable event. Arrangements for the
affair have been completed and they are
on a grand scale. The members of the
various committees having the celebra
tion in charge express the opinion that
the celebration will eclipse any other of
Its kind heretofore held in the State.
peated her success of last week. The
famous Craggr family of acrobats intro
duced several remarkable new feats and
held the audience spellbound the entire
time they occupied the stage. Powell,
the magician, who looks not unlike the
famous Hermann, is very clever and
mystified the audience for half an hour.
His box trick is one of the cleverest ever
seen here. The La Vallee trio, two of
whom are harpists of great skill, while
the other is a talented violinist, met with
a warm reception and are sure to please
music lovers. James Aldrlch Libby,
Katheryn Trayer and John D. Gilbert
presented a musical skit entitled "The
Debutante." The skit gave Libby an op
portunity to introduce several songs,
which he rendered most artistically. Miss
Trayer is clever and Gilbert is a "whole
show." The reappearance of Mile. Lotty
in new "poses plastique". was greeted
heartily. She is as shapely as ever and
with the aid of the calcium man makes a
vision that would satisfy a lotus eater.
The Five Sunbeams are lively misses who
present a sort of rough and tumble act
and the biograph is up to its usual stand
ard. *
• • •
Miss Annie Russell in "A Royal Fam
ily" ,wlll begin an engagement at tho
Columbia Theater thisi evening. The play
in which Charles Frohman presents. his
star was written by Captain R. Marshall,
who also wrote "His Excellency the Gov
ernor." It is styled a romantic comedy.
In the company supporting Miss Russell
is Mrs. G. H. Gilbert, the favorite actress
who was so long with Augustin Daly's
company. The other members of the or
ganization are Orrin Johnson, "W. R
Thompson, Lawrence d'Orsay, Richard
Bennett, Robert Hickman, Donald Galla
her. Harry Rose, Charles W. Butler,
George Forbes, Allan Murname, Harris
L. Forbes, Eleanor Sanford and Mabel
Morrison. , -¦;¦«¦ \i
- r . > • . •
Joseph Haworth will make his first ap
pearance at the Grand Opera-house at a
Labor day matinee this afternoon, in con-
Junction with the new stock company
that also makes its first appearance. The
initial play of Mr. Haworth's six weeks'
engagement is Lester Wallack's "Rose
dale," in which the actor does some of
his best work. Next week he will ap
pear as Vinicius in "Quo Vadls." "Rose
dale", offers grateful opportunities to
others in the cast besides the star, and
Mr. Haworth wll^be well supported. The
scene painter has also a good chance
with "Rosedale," and the play will be
staged with the completeness and artis
tic excellence for which the house in
justly famed. The company includes
such people as Charles Waldron, Harry
J. Plimmer, Gilbert Gardner, H.'D. By
ers, William Bernard, F. J. Butler, Elmer
Narrey, Franklin Ford, Laura Nelson
Hall, Lillian Buckingham, Agnes May
nard, Josephine Thynne, Roselle Kenyon
and Maud Hollis.
. * • . •
To-morrow evening at the ' Central
Theater, Belasco & Thall's big production
of "A Voice in the Wilderness" will
be first seen. The play has created * a
large , curiosity in the theatrical world,
and is one of the most Important ventures
in local dramatic history. The play,- as
every one now knows, is .Edward Eis
ner's, and is written about 'John the Bap
tist: There are five acts and six, scenes,
offering splendid spectacular opportunity,
and' no expense has been spared in the
mounting. There are fifty speaking parts
in the play, after John the Baptist (to; be
played by Robert Downing), the" chief
roles bemg Herod Antlpas (Robert Cum
mings), Pontius Pilate (Lawrence Lowell)
Herodias (Annette Marshall), and Salome
(Oza Waldrop). • To-night will, be given
over to a final grand dress rehearsal, and
to-morrow evening the play begins.
- ' • ;. • it • ¦¦
The Alcazar has "Ingomar" this week as
its programme, with Miss Roberts as the
JAMES NEILL
GOOD AS USUAL
PRELATE OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH WHO REACHED THIS CITT
YESTERDAY AND IS THE FIRST DELEGATE FOR THE COMING
CONVENTION TO ARRIVE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Yesterday afternoon Holmes recognized
one of his assailants on Kearny street,
and calling Policeman Prowse. he pointed
him out to him. Prowse immediately
placed the fellow under arrest. He gave
his name as Edward James and his occu
pation as that of a machinist. He will
be charged with an attempt to commit
robbery to-day.
Holmes offered resistance and was se
verely clubbed about the head. While the
robbers were searching- him fdr valuables
a special officer appeared and the gang
took to its heels.
George Holmes, who hails from Ukiah,
had an unpleasant experience with five
robbers on Clay street, near Kearny, late
Saturday night.
Holmes had been to the theater and
while walking along Kearny street he
noticed two men following hlmi. Suspect
ing ¦ that they were bent on robbing him
he walked into a drug 1 store, hoping to
elude them. Shortly afterward he started
for the Adams House on Clay street. As
he reached the entrance to the hotel he
was suddenly set upon by five men, two
of whom he recognized as being the fol
lowers who had followed him from the
theater.
Police Station.
by Five Robbers Near
George Holmes of TXkiah Is Beaten
STRANGER ATTACKED BY
A QANO OF FOOTPADS
p-r— a HE RIGHT REVEREND ETH
II ELBERT TALBOT, Episcopal
I Bishop of the Diocese of Central
\\ Pennsylvania, arrived here yes
terday, accompanied by his wife
and daughter, and is staying at the
Occidental. He is the first bishop
to arrive for the Episcopal con
vention \ that takes place in this
city next month. In an interview he
stated yesterday that he expects that this
will be the most largely attended conven
tion of its kind ever held in the history
of the church. Every diocese, he says,
will send four laymen and: four clerical
delegates. There will be eighty dioceses
represented, making a total of 640 dele
gates entitled to seats in the convention.
Bishop Talbot expects that many of these_
delegates will be accompanied by their
friends to this city, who will remain dur
ing the entire convention.
Bishop Talbot formerly had charge of
the Diocese of Wyoming and Idaho. Be
fore he left to take charge in the East he
arranged to build a cathedral at Laramie,
Wyo. He was called East, however, be
fore the work was completed. Last week
he had the pleasure of seeing the cathe
dral formally dedicated. The edifice cost
JT5.000.
The noted cleric spent yesterday sight
seeing and receiving calls. His first pub
lic appearance will be next Sunday, when
he will preach at Grace Episcopal Church.
Memorial services will probably be held
in the Lutheran churches of Oakland and
Alameda next Sunday.
In his. congregation the late pastor took
the Interest of a father in his family.
His influence was by no means conftnod
to his own flock, however. He was known
and loved all over the State. There was
not a Lutheran clergyman in California,
the preacher said, who had "not at
one time or another received help and in
spiration from the late pastor of St.
Paul's, .and in many a humble home in
remote corners of the State the place of
honor is given to christening, confirma
tion or marriage certificate signed by Ja
x;ob M. Buehler.
He spoke of the beautiful home life of
the deceased, of his merciful death and
the .rest in the great beyond which he
had so Justly earned. Speaking of the
funeral he called attention to the fact
that of the hundreds who had attended
the majority had been baptized, confirmed
or married by Pastor Buehler, some of
them all three. He was a man. Rev.
Nelander said, to whom they f«ll felt able
to go to in times of trouble or doubt. And
they went, he continued, in the full as
surance of having 1 their troubles light
ened, their doubts dispelled. -- '.
Memorial services were held last even
ing at th German Lutheran Church and
the First English Lutheran Church. Rev.
E. Nelander preached the sermon at the
latter place of worship. He referred feel
ingly to the great loss the Lutheran
church had sustained. He spoke of the
lato pa'stor aa the father of the church.
Love, he said, was the dominating trait
In the life and character of the man who
had gone. This love was the result of his
firm faith in Christ, to the strength of
which his whole life testified.
The pall-bearera, all members of St.
Paul's vestry, were H. Wunder, H. Fred
ericks, F. Boese, J. Hencken. C. Foertcli,
I* Schmidt, Jacob Schwerdt and William
Ohm. They carried the remains of their
pastor from the home on Eddy street to
the church, and later from the hearse to
the. graveside. The following named cler
gymen acted as honorary pall-bearers:
Revs. Runkel, Jacobson, J. H. Theiss, H.
Hagist, B." Lange, J. H. Schroeder, O.
Groensberg- and Stensrud.
The Rev. J. H. Theiss of Oakland
preached a funeral sermon in German,
and the Rev. J. H. Witte oi Alameda told
in English of what the passing away of
their "father" and familiar friend meant
to the Lutheran churches of California.
The mortal remains of the late Rev.
Jacob M. Buehler, pastor at the time of
his death of St. Paul's Lutheran Church,
were yesterday, laid to .rest at Mount Oli
vet Cemetery, The coffin was carried on
its last journey by the vestrymen of the
church and escorted by a guard of fellow
clergymen. The funeral services were
held In the church for which the deceased
had done so much. They were attended
to the limit of the building's capacity
by the men, women and children who,
through intimate association and familiar
acquaintance had learned to call him
father.
Following the parade, literary exercises
will be held in Mechanics' Pavilion, at
probably 1:39 or 2 o'clock. The principal
address will be by Walter Macarthur,
president of the day. The oration will be
by James G. Magulre, and Andrew
Furuseth, secretary of the Sailors' Union,
will also deliver an address. In addition
there will be selections by the Berlin
sisters, solos by "Will C. Carleton and Wil
liam McDonald, late of the Bostonians.
A grand ball at the Pavilion in the even
ing will complete the day's celebration.
The chief event of the day will be the
parade. Grand Marshal Michael Casey
met his aids yesterday and completed the
details, Everj' union band in the city
will be in line, so that there will be no
dearth of music. The hackmen to the
number of SOO will be in line with their
vehicles, each carrying its quota of
women who are members of the various
unions. A feature of the procession will
be the glass blowers, who are to carry
glass canes made for the occasion and
which will be auctioned off at the Pa
vilion in the evening for the benefit of the
cause of labor.
The line of march of the procession is
from East and ilarket streets, along
i Market to Montgomery, thence to Cali
* fornia. to Kearny, to Market, to Van Xess
avenue, to Bush street. The line then
countermarches to Larkin street and then
to the Pavilion, where the parade dis
bands in time for the literary exercises.
The procession will move at 11 o'clock in
the following order:
First Division.
East Etreet. south side, rirht resting on Mar
ket street.
Captain.
Platoon of sailors, uniformed.
Band.
Grand marshal. M. Casey.
Aids— Phil J. Dlez. Gub Hardls.
President of the day. W. Macarthur.
Officers ot the San Francisco Labor Council.
Iron Trade* Council.
Marshal. William McCabe.
Aide— W. R. Butler. -J. A. Kelly.
Delegate* to Iron Trades Council.
Machinists.
Machinists" Helpers.
Band.
Boiler-makers.
Boiler-makers" HelperB.
Coremakers.
Ship Drillers.
Steam Fitters and Helpers.
Pattern -makers.
Machine Hands.
Iron-molders.
Blacksmiths.
Blacksmiths' Helpers.
Amalgamated Society of Engineers.
Second Division.
Steuart street, right resting on Market street.
Allied Printing Trades.
Marshal, H. L. White.
Ald»— H. A. Barber, Ed Smith. A. J. Gallagher,
W. Denahy, J. P. Fitz6lmmons and
E. L. Gamble.
Band.
Typograhpical Union Xo. 21.
Printing Pressmen No. 24.
Web Pressmen Xo. 4.
Newspaper Mailers No. 18.
. : Photo Engravers No. 8.
Stereotypers No. 29.
Bookbinders.
Third Division.
Epear street, right resting on Market street
Retail Trades Council.
' ' Marshal, Frank Miele.
T Aids— G. F. Aubertlne, Charles Goetz, J. C.
Lane.
Band.
Brewers.
Bottlers.
Drivers.
Butchers. /
Cooks and Walters. '
Barbers.
Band.
Bakers and Confectioners.
Laundry Workers.
Boot and Shoe Workers.
Broom Makers.
Retail Clerks.
Shoe Clerks.
Garment Workers.
French Laundry Workers.
Fourth Division.
Drumxn street, right resting on Market.
Miscellaneous Trades.
Marshal, Charles Slskron.
Aids. TT. Storey, S. J. Cooke, Fred Zimmer
man, George Barry and John Grace.
Band.
Horeeshoers* Union and Float.
Stationary Engineers.
Metal Polishers, Buffers and Platers.
Brass Finishers.
Drum Corps.
Carriage Blacksmiths.
Carriage Painters.
Carriage Woodworkers.
Brass Moldera.
Boxmakers and Sawyers.
Shipwrights and Calkers.
Picture Frame Workers.
Drum Corps.
Glass Workers.
CIparmakers.
Pavers.
Rammermen's Union.
~4 Laborers.
\ Band.
Tanners.
Leather Workers.
Boot and Shoe Repairers.
Upholsterers.
Band.
Tailors.
Electrical Linemen.
Wool Sorters and Graders.
Stablemen.
Tobacco Workers.
Fifth Division.
CITY FROXT FEDERATION*— FIRST SEC
TIOX.
Main street, right resting on Market.
Marshal, Ed Andersen.
Aidn 3. McLaughlln. Charles Halloway.
Band.
Longshoremen Xo. 230.
Longshoremen No. 222.
Longshoremen No. 224.
Longshoremen No. 228.
Ship Joiners.
Shipwrights.
Calkem.
Riggers.
Hoisting Engineers.
Marine Painters.
Pile Drivers and Trestle Builders.
Coalyard and Trestlemen. ¦¦Jjffjjjj
Coal Cart Driver*.
BECTTON TWO.
BesJe etreet, right 'resting on Market.
Drum Corpe.
Brotherhood of Teamsters.
Sand Teamsters.
Betall Delivery Drivers.
Band.
Hackmen.
BECTIOX THREE.
Fremont street, right resting on Market.
Band.
Mcrlne Firemen.
,.<?r Band.
Finance committee— W. J. Raymond. Michael
Casey. I. Less, June* Fitzsimmons. J. Fo
g-arty. W. H. «off. Ed Rosenberg. M. Wille.
Literary comir.ittVe — "Walter Macarthur, A.
R. Andre. Ed Rosenberg, A. Dijeau, Thomas
"Wright.
Parade committee— Michael Casey. C. 8.
Ptraub, L». Berg, James Fitzslmmons, M. \V.
Coffey, B. Roberts.
The chairman of the committee is W. H.
Goff. president of the Labor Council, and
the secretary Is Ed Rosenberg. The vari
ous committees are as follows:
Hall committee— Ed Rosenberg:, A. J. Ray
mond. \V. II. Goff.
I*rint'.r& committee — Thomas Wright. A. Dl-
Jeau. Ed Ros^ntwrg.
Music committee— A, DIJeau, J. Fogarty, L*
J. Adams.
Nearly all of the unions affiliated with
the Labor Council will be represented In
the parade. At the meeting of the general
parade committee yesterday the informa
tion was received that the turn-out of
laboring men will exceed expectations.
l-Vora every quarter have comes assur
ances of co-operation by the unions, so
that the general committee believe their
work during the past week will be
crowned with success.
In labor union circles of San Francisco
this promises to be the day of days. The
arrangements for the great demonstra
tion at 11 o'clock this morning have been
completed and promptlj' at that hour 20,
(m tneru it is expected, will start along
their line of inarch through the principal
streets of the city.
Great Street Pageant to Be
Followed by Literary
Exercises.
Rev. Mr. Nelander Tells of
Life of the Lutheran
Preacher.
Labor Day Demonstra
tion Planned on Mam
moth Scale.
Remains of Pastor Bueh
ler Are at Rest in
Mount Olivet.
MANY TRIBUTES
TO HIS MEMORY
UNION MEN WILL
JOIN IN PARADE
THE SAN FEANGISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER y; 1 901i
5
... o! i ADVEETISEMENTS.
MELLIN'S
Mellin's Food and fresh milk is, phys-
iologically, a proper infants' food;
it contains the correct amount of
necessary nutritive elements, and
combines them in the right propor-
tion, and does not introduce insoluble,
indigestible and non-nutritious con-
stituents. Mellin's Food is a food
that feeds.
:' Send for a free sample ofMelUn'B Food and our booV, " Mellin's Pood Babies." Tht
sample contains sufficient Mellin's Food to jive your baby several meals.
,'. The book will show you what Mellin's Food has done for other children.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FULL SET OF TEETH
$5.00.
Comfortable, Natural-looking Plates
that you can chew with, made of best
material. by experienced workmen. .
Payment by Installments.
Chalmers Dental Co.
183 Powell St., S. F.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sell treasury stock for SOe
per share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock la all sold and
Issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
.., . -. . . 1. 7 North Market «t.. San Josa.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny St., San Francisco.
F. DB FREITAS. Agent.
@ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP' 3 PILLS
have been in use over fifty
year3 by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
¦worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cur* Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous. Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mmr Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner*^ WM vous Twitching ot
Eyelida, Effects areiC ArLlmmedlate, Im-
part vigor and pote CBBTS M y to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stlmulat*
the brain and nerve centers; 60o a box; 8 for
12 BO by mail. A •written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
ArtdrMS BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st.
Ban' Francisco, CaL GRANT DRUQ CO.. U
and 40 Third st
b visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
9 Q) W51KASIIXST.'bet.«hh*?A,S.r.Cil.i
\ ,Ef The Larrest Anatomical Museum In the \
m a "iB- ¦ World. Weaknesses or any contracted a
7 sSSTBn ****** j««ltlMly carsrf by the oldest V
0 #J5j31 Specialist on the Coast EiL 36 yens. 0
A flftf J OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f flEsSdl Consultation free and strictly "private \
U a UWH Treatment personally or by letter. A M
V a yr tjl Ej Potitive Cur« in erery case undertaken. ?
MFU \\m w rite for Book, PUILOXOPHY mt A
""II n nARniAGE, mailed freb. (at
\ (J (J, valuable book for men) ¦ : ' \
f DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
>1 *V^fc «^»
f\ 1 Pi" 1 ft fill If Corner Fourth and
CAFE BQ¥lL^«s
VIII h IIW I IIUi gc . Overcoats and
valises checked free.
AMTTSEMENrrS. ¦
EVERY NIGTHT THIS VTEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by 'WHITE "WHITTLESEY, -¦ •
In a superb production of
INGOMAR !
WITH ALL NEW SCENERY. .
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50o and 75c.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS,
"THE TAMING OP THE SHREW."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A GRA2TD ABBAY OF VATJBB-
VTLLE STJJRS.
INCLUDING •
Oscar F. Sisson, Ester Wallace & Co.,
The Standard Quartet, The Es-
monds, Anieta, Ina Allen, Robert
Nome and New Moving Pictures.
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS.
-. IN A NEW NOVELTY.; '^:: ; . : ? v
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
;^i OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 6c
Eatblng, Including admission, 25c; children. 20c.
LABOR DAT MATINEE TO-DAY.
EVERT EVENING^ DURING THE ,TVEEK."
USUAL. MATINEES B ATCRD AT AND ¦ SUN-
DAY.
JOSEF»H HAWORTH
America's Foremost Romantic Actor, .
Supported by
Th« Grand Opera-House Stock Company,
IX
Lester Wall&ck's Great Romantic Drama,
ROSEDALE.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 23a
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY. MONDAY. SEPT. I
Parquet, any seat, ffic; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE'S
BRIGHTEST PHASES!
LJBBT. TRATER AND GILBERT, THE BTVB
SUNBEAMS, THE LA .VALLEE TRIO.
MLLE. LOTTT. TALKATIVE MIS3 NOR-
TON. LUCILLE SAUNDERS. THE GREAT
POWELL AND HIS COMPANT, THBJ
CRAGG FAMILT, AND THE BIOGRAPH.
*TI VOt-l*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. -
- MATINEE SATURDAT AT 2 SHAKP. :
To-night, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, i
Great Opera NOR MA
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Night and Sat-
urday Matinee.
MIGNON_ Th k ° H ™rwo p rr
"CARMEN" Next Week "FATJST"
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c £ - (1
Telephone Bash 9 .
UUsLUlWlOllA LEADING THEAT3S
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAT. j
CHARLES FROHMAN » *
Presents "t
ANNIE RUSSELL
In the Comedy ot Romance,
AROYALFAMILY
By R. Marshall.
Exactly as Seen for Over Six Months Last Sea-
son at the Lyceum Theater, New Tork.
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION AND CAST.
WEEK™ 8 ! LA ® T BUT °NEi :
MR. JAMBS ". AND THE
NF?IL L ne'll
1 W m - J M JLmjJLmmf COMPANY.
Presenting Oscar Wilde's Brilliant Society
Drama,
AN IDEAL HUSBAND.
Evening 25c, 85c. SOo. 75c, $1.00
- BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
25c and SOe */-V
SEPTEMBER 8,
FAREWELL WEEK OF MR. JAMES NEILLJ
AND COMPANY IN REPERTORT.
SEATS THURSDAT.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW (TUES.) EVG.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT. J
First Production on Any Stage of Edward Eis-
ner's Spectacular Biblical Drama,
A Voice From the Wilderness
Special Engagement of the Eminent American
" Actor,
ROBERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
This theater will be closed to-night In conse-
quence of the enormous preparations necessary
for this production.
MtMfkC Evenings 10c 15c,. 25c. 35c, 30c
iJHtLj Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
FTSCHFR'S concert house.
r lOViIlCiD. O Admission lOc.
The Paloma Quartet, the . Coopers, Juna
Mathlas, Sam Holdsworth w. w. Durant.
Amos Davis. Maybelle de Heard, Coleman and
Mexls and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE
¦___ " These hotels possess
AND - the attributes tbat tovr-
tats and travelers ap-
CRAtm predate— central loca-
UlVfUlli don. liberal mana^
unTtn c ment. modern appolnt-
nUlCLj, merits and perfect cul*
line.
Sa n . American and Euro-
"^ pean plan*.
Francisco.
A' ~ *SUNDAY SPORTS ON DIAMOND, RANGE, FIELD, WAVE AND COURT
INCIDENTS' OF . THE BASE
BALL* GAME AS INTERPRET
ED BY. A CALL ARTIST.
Sacramento \Wins.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. l.-The game to
day between Los Angeles and Sacramento
The t most populous country In -propor
tion to its area Is said to be Holland; the
country having the greatest population is
China.
Swedish-American Club Picnic.
The Swedish-American Social, Club Lln
nea held Its second annual picnic at Har
bor View Park yesterday. More than
1000 guests were present during the after
noon and evening and all voted the oc
casion a most enjoyable one. The com
mittee 01 arrangements consisted of Mrs
A. Anderson. S. Anderson, H. Larsen
Mss Jennie Nelson and Miss Hulda John
son. . •: ¦ .-. . . ¦•¦' —¦; ¦¦
McFarland Wins.
NEW YORK. Sept. L— There was only
one professional contest, a two mile
handicap, at Vailsburg. New Jersey, to
day. It was a struggle from the flash of
the pistol, and up to the time the riders
entered the home stretch for the last time
It was anybody's race. F. A. McFarland
of San Jose, Cal., had the speed of the
party when they straightened out for
home, and received the major end of the
purse by half a length In 4:16 1-5.
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
yesterday the following games were
played: .
T. Serres and J. Glynn........ 21 21 18 19 21
R. Regll and J. Broyer < 18-20.21 21 s 16
H. J. Rogers and W. Fisher 75 aces
P. Ryan and W. Hughes 60 aces
J. Lawless and W. Walsh.....'... 21 19 21
W. Fisher and Ed White 16*21 13
Ed White and Eugene White...... 21 21 19 21
W. Johnson and J. Foley 17 15 21 15
P. Farrell and T. Finn 21 11 21^21
J. Madden and D. Sweeney 13 21 14 18
M. Dillon and G. Hutchlnson.....; 21' 17 21- 21
P. Kelly and W. Kelly 14 21 16 13
W. Walsh ".. 61 "aces
W. Williams 30 aces
J. Collins and E. Curley. ..". 61 aces
J. White and W. Maguire.: 47 aces
y The handball games played In the Oc
cidental Athletic Club court by the mem
bers were as follows:'
G.B. Hay ward and "W. Collins beat J
Condon and H. Cory,, 21— 16, 18-r21, 21—13 •
G. Cunningham' and J. Mahoney ' beat
"W. Jacobs and I. Kenny,* 21 — 13, 21 18
21—10; H. Cory beat W. . Collins, 21—16,'
17—21, 21—12; v E. Antron beat F. Mul
inux, 21—13, 18-21, 21-16; G. Cunningham
beat J. D> Mahoney, 21— 13, 21—17, 10— ">i
18—21, 21-11. -
National Parlor Rifle Experts Pepper
the Targets at Harbor
View.
National Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, held Its initial monthly med
al shoot at Harbor View range yesterday.
A large number of marksmen were pres
ent and the contests were close and tx
citing. National Parlor already has whist
and bowling teams, and as many of its
members are crack shots, it was felt that
a shooting club could be organized which
¦would prove creditable. ¦ /
- The shooting j-esterday was in charge
of John Dispaix. secretary of the rifle
committee, and W. S. Grattan, who is a
lieutenant of the new battalion of artil
lery of the National Guard and an excel
lent shot- The scores of the leaders are
as follows: .
W. Proll 47. F. L. McXally 41. W. s/ Grat
tan 41. R. H. Palm 37. J. T. Dispaix 36 F
C. Schade 23. J. S. Fennell 23. W. M Brown
19. M. Fennell 18. J. OIcGoug-h 33.
NATIVE SONS ORGANIZE
A NEW SHOOTING CliUB
GOOD CARD AT SACRAMENTO
Occident Stake will Be^the Feature
of the State Fair.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 1.— The town Is
rapidly filling up with horsemen, .and
everything points to a big opening day
at Agricultural Park. The card is an
excellent one, with the historical Occi
dent stake for the three-year-old trot
ters as the feature. - The entries are 'as
follows:
Occident stake— Charles H, Commander
Muckle, Italia, Delia McCarthy
2:12 pace— Margaretta. El Diablo, Edna R,
Floracita, Queen K, Wild Nutllng John A,
Dictatress.
Running, seven and a half furlongs— Decoy
112, Ringmaster 112, Rinaldo 112, Canejo 109,
Mifford 107.- Pongo 107, McFarlane 107. Galan
thus 106. -
- Five and a half furlongs — Good Hope 114, Kit
ty Kelly 114, Vantine 109, Phlegon 105, Katie
Walcott 102, Narra • G 101, Cavanaugh , £9,
Achilles 86. Evea G 81.
Five-eighths at a mile— Ruhina 113, Quiet 113,
Halnault 112, Sol 113, Gypsy Boy 113. Porous
113, Flo Culver 11<K Colonel Smith 108, Redan
108, Flattered 105. Quadra 105. ..¦¦•¦ .
Six furlongs— Whaleback 112," Heraldoll2. Ar
tilla 1C9. Lo-t Girl 109, Prince Leif 106, ' Mount
ain Dew J ¦«• TJob. Palmer 101, Mamie Hlldreth
98. Rouno' ~tf. ¦<¦ ... . : '.. .
1 While <_ . galloped at- the track this
morning it« sprinter Ralston threw his
exercise bey, and. ' bolting inside the
fence, was almost . impaled on a huge
splinter. In the horse's mad antics the
piece of board was driven through his
body, killing him instantly.
San Francisco 2, Oakland 1.
By losing the ball over the left field
fence of the Oakland grounds yesterday
morning Schwartz won the game for San
Francisco. Wilson, who went to the first
sack on four bad ones, cantered round the
bases with the home run hitter.
Johnson was on the slab for Oakland,
Krug for San Francisco. . Neither pitcher
was hit often, and at no times were the
hits bunched. In the fifth inning- Lohman
crossed the plate for the Dudes, giving
them their only run. Score:.
'j. SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, lb ...4 0 0 0 7 0. 0
Wilson, c 3 l o 0 6 1 '0
Schwartz, 2b 4 1 ' 2 1 3 SO
Pabst, rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Brockhoff, cf. 4 0 0 0 4 0 1
Hildebrand. If. 4 0 1 0 2 '• 0
Shay, s. s 3 0 0 1 8 < S O
Krug, p. ....3 0.10 0 1 0
Reilly, Sb. .......... 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Total* 31 2 4 -2 '27 11- 1
OAKLAND.
AB/.R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Babbitt, 3b & s. s.. 4 0 11 1 3 0
Moskiman, rf. i 2 00 .0 3 '0' 0
Eagan, lb,- 3b........ 4 0 0 II 3 1 2
Drennan, cf 4 0-005 00
Lohman. c. 3 ¦ 1 0 04 0 ¦ ¦ - C
Dunleavy, If ; 3 0 0 0 1 0*0
Francks, s. a., lb.. 3 0 1 0 6.30
Arrellanes, 2b 2 0 0 0 3 6 0
Johnson, p.-. 3. 0 1. . 0 - 1 4. 0
Totals .28 1 3 1 27 17 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. -
San Francisco .......... 0 0 2 00 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits ....'. ...01100 01-1 0—4
Oakland '........'.. O'O 0 01 0 0 0 0 — 1
. Base hits ..:-. ....00101 00 10 3
-.:-'« , : SUMMARY, \ I '•>,;'
Runs responsible for— Johnson 2. Home run-
Schwartz. Two-base- hit— Hildebrand. Sacri
fice hit— Dunleavy. First base on errors— San
Francisco 2, Oakland 1. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 2, Oakland 3. Left on
bases— San Francisco 4, Oakland 5. Struck out
—By Krug 6. by Johnson 1. Hit by*pitcher—
Moskiman. Double play— Shay to Nordyke.
Time o? game— 1:40. . Umpire— Rube Levy. Of
ficial scorer— H. S. McFarlin
MORNING GAME.
I»ast-Named Swimmer Is Going East
Fun at Chutes, Park and Beach.
Scott Leary and H. Widemann did not
Fwim their championship race at Sutro's
Baths yesterday as scheduled. Wide
mann is going Hast and for that reason
the contest was indefinitely postponed.
The many admirers of aquatic sports
who assembled at the baths in hopes that
the race would come off were not greatly
disappointed, however, as they found en
tertainment in the regular contests. Fol
lowing are the results:
Fifty-yard race— W. Carroll, first; D. Miller,
recond. Diving for plate— J. Erasmy. first
prize; A. Sunberg, eecond prize. Hundred-yard
rece— T. Sur.berg. first; J. Sunberg, second.
Tub race— C Augustus, first; T. Sunberg, sec
ond; J. Sunbers. third. Springboard diving— W.
Carroll, first nrize; T. Sunberg, second prize.
Hfrh diving— T. Sunberg-, first prize; W. Car
roll, second prize.
The crowds at the park and beach were
unusually large yesterday and all passed
an enjoyable day. no accidents being re
ported. G. Smith, barber, and H. Smith,
an Iron worker, were arrested in the
morning by Policeman Haley for hunting
in the park. The young men had bagged
several cotton tails before being appre
hended. They were charged with violat
ing a park ordinance.
t-EABY-WTDEMANir CONTEST
INDEFINITELY POSTPONED
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein prize shoot —
August Pape 71, D. B. Faktor 69, F. P. Schus
ter 68, F. Koch 68. F. Rust 67, J. D. Heise 65,
A. Bertelsen 64, H. Hellberg 62, L. Bendel 61.
A. Marker 61, S. Heino 60. W. Plath 59, ' T.
Brandt 59, T. Attinger 59, J. Gefken 59.
On San Rafael Ranges.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 1.— There was a
large attendance of marksmen at Schuet
zen P#rk to-day. The scores of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club section were as fol
lows:
Second champion class — C. ¦ Meyer, 212, 209.
First class— A. Gehret, 221, 213. Second class—
G. Tammeyer, 2CS; A. Hampel, 202, 187; W.
Blasse. 199. 177: A. von Wyl, 192, 169; M.
Blasse. 185; O. Ludewlg, 165. 154; J. Kullmann,
165; F. A. Schrumpf. 172. 165; C. Zimmermann.
154. 340. Third class— G. Ritschmuller Sr., 205,
185; W, Nolden, W9, 171; G. Ritschmuller Jr.,
19*. 185; R. Lange. 174; F. C. Hagerup, 178, 170;
Joe Straub. 163, 173; C. A. Sagehorn. 157, 14S;
M. Reu bold. 163. 120: O. Ohrtlandt, 138, 124; F.
Reid. -154. 1E0. Fourth class— Dr. M. H. Atkins.
209. 197; G. Dahlbender. 173, 154; F. Suter, 139;
S. Simon, 82, 58; C. M. Rousseau, 166, 142; E.
Englander. 124, 110; M. Hartter, 176, 124." Cadets
— F. Carrol. 198. 179; H. Becker. 188. 159;. R.
Meyerhofer, 181. 177.' . »
In the Eintracht shooting section the
winners in the different classes 'were as
follows: Champion class. I. Zahn 364; first
class,- A. Stroh 335; second class, H.
Schweiger 316; third class, . Louis Scheib
278; first best shot, C. F. Ouer 20; last best
shot, A. Stroh 22.
The conditions were unfavorable for
record-breaking scores, but some fine
average work was done by A- J. Branna
gan with the revolver. He was followed
closely by Hoffman and Young, * while
Darrell and Dr. Twist pressed Young
closely for first honors with the rifle. In
a filty-shot return match with the rifle
Dorrell beat Dr. Twist to-day. Young
led with the pistol.
Scores on Columbia target, offhand shooting,
rifle, 200 yards— F. O. Young 50, 51, 54. 65, A.
B. Dorrell 51. 61, 61, 66. 6S, 66, 63, Dr. J. F.
Twist 56. 73. W. 98. 126, G. Mannel 64, 72, 75, G.
W. Hoadley 74, 76, S6. 96. Three shots, A. B.
Dorrell 13. 15.
Military and repeating rifles, Creedmoor
count— E. A. Allen 43, 43, 42, 4L
Revolver, 50 yards— A. J. Brannagan 42. 43,
45 45. 49. 50. W. G. Hoffmann 47, 48. 51. 60. 61.
62. 62, F. O. Young 47. 52. 56, 57. P. Becker 54.
60. 61. 63, Dr. J. F. Twist 65, 66, 75. 80, St, C.
M. Daiss 70, Allen 109.
Pistol-F. O. Young. 4, 2, 1, 3, 3. 4, 3, 9, 3, 5,
37; G. W. Hoadley. 48. 50. 57, 5S; Mrs. G.
Mannel 61, 63. 75, 78, SO: G. Mannel. 65. 71, 73,
81. 86; A. Baker 82. S3. S».
22-Rifle— E. Stephens 56.
• ? ¦
BOHEMIANS TOO MUCH
FOB THE FOBESTEBS
Easily Win the Baseball Game on
the Grounds at Golden'
Gate.
OAKLAND, Sept. L— The first of a ser
ies of games between local lodges and
clubs was played at the Golden Gate
grounds this afternoon between teams
from the Foresters and the Bohemians.
These games are attracting a great deal
of attention among the lodges and clubs
of Oakland on account of the baseball
enthusiasm displayed by these organiza
tions. Charlie Kohl was the manager of
the victorious Bohemians, and to his work
Is due the formation of such an excellent
team. Fiege, the pitcher of the Bohemi
ans, made the best single showing in the
game. He allowed the Foresters but
seven hits, and made three hits and two
runs himself. The best play made by
the Foresters was a double by Choynski
from left field to McKernan at second
base.
Next Sunday the Bohemians will play
the Dewey Theater team, and the Sun
day following will play the team from the
Elks.
The score of the game by innings:
Bohemians 3 0 2 2 2 0 0 0 10—19
Base hits 0 0 12 2 0 10 5—11
Foresters « 21 10010*— 5
Base hits 0 1120120*—"
San Francisco 7, Oakland!:
For six Innings of the game at Recre
ation grounds yesterday afternoon
E wing's eccentric bah players acted as if
they had come in contact some time in
their lives with the real diamond "article.
Then they gave an exhibition of a reck
less daring in error making that brought
bad words to the lips of the pplitician
manager, who has lost more cigars bet
ting on his team than can be found in a
tobacco emporium.
The score stood even, each team having
a unit in the run column. Then Moski
man, who had been pitching splendid ball,
lost his unsolvable- ways and the Wasps
began stinging. Three hits, coupled with
four errors, gave the local team five runs.
In the following inning Moskiman was
bunched on the anvil for a couple from
which another run resulted.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Lmtil the fateful seventh inning it
looked as if the Dudes and the Wasps
would continue their deadlock throughout
the regularly allotfe&-hime innings and
possibly for a few more, but the fans
were doomed to disappointment.
Whalen was seldom .hit by the Dudes
but he gave out eight free transportation
privileges. Moskiman failed to walk any
of the local men, but hits were disastrous
ly bunched- on him on two occasions.
Score:
„ .¦• ' ,! A B. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, lb 5 1 1 0 10 1 1
Wilson, c 4 0 10 3 1 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Brockhoff, a f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hildebrand.-l. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Shay. 6. s 4 3 2 13 4 0
Kru f. 2b. 4 1 2 0 5 5 1
Reilly. 3b 4 1 1 10 10
Whalen, p 4.1.0 0 2 1 0
Total* ...37 7 8 2 27 13 "3
OAKLAND.
C2] ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
Mosklman, p 5 0 -1 1 2 4 0
Eagan, 3b 3 0 0 0 1-2 0
Drennan, c. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Lohman, c 4 11 0 2 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 5 0 1 <1 1 0 0
Francks, lb 4 0 1 1 14 2 " 2
Arrellanes, 2b 3 0 1 1 0 6 2
Hansen, r. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 1
Totals 34 1 ~4 ~4 Ti 17 ~5
RUNS AXD IiyS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 10 5 1 ?— 7
Base hits 00012032 • 8
Oakland 0 0 0 1-0 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits..... 0 10 2 0 10 0 1—5
. ' SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 2. Two-base
hits— Lohman, Nordyke. Mosklman, Krug. First
base. on. errors— San Francisco 4, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Oakland 8.. Left on
bases— San Francisco 6, Oakland 14. Struck
out— By Moskiman 2. • by Whalen 2. Time of
pame— 2:05. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
McFarlin.
Errors and; Bunched Hits Give
Locals Four Out of
Five Games.
Plays Good Baseball Un
til the Seventh Is
Reached.
OAKLAND BAEAKS
AT THE FINISH
Tralee Boy, T. J. Cronin's fast grey
hound puppy, ran through the open stake
yesterday at Union Park and wound up
his great work by beating Eugene Geary's
seasoned qourser America for final honors.
The sensational running of the young
dog caused no end of favorable comment,
and the nominators in the Futurity stake
showed that they appreciated the fact .that
Tralee Boy's name was inadvertently kept
from the list of entries in that event. The
youngster opened by beating Naughty
Girl pointless. In the second round he
won a close course from Spiteful, a favor
ite at slight odds, and in the next out
pointed Liberator. Mayflower was the
next to fall, the Boy retiring her without
a point, after an undecided.
The talent went wrong on the young
black dog In the semi-final. Holding
Wedgewood as choice they gave 5 to 2
that he would get the decision from the
puppy. When Tralee Boy had three good
points to his credit Wedge wood secured
the kill and put himself out. America
and Harlean Gladys followed this course
and stared after a hard hare. America
showed ro the better advantage because
of Gladys' willingness to lay back and
let him do the work. As she dashed in
at the kill the speed she displayed told
plainly that she had not done /her best.
America's hard go forced him down in
the betting, though he had considerable
backing at 3 to 5 for the final. From
the slips Tralee Boy led by a good mar
gin, and won out by a score of 4 to 2.
The general opinion at the close of the
day's sport was that in Tralee Boy his
owner had the best young greyhound of
the season. That a match between the
Boy and the Futurity winner will be run
is now almost a certainty.
Dewdrop, a stake favorite, was beaten
in the run-down by Onward, a 20 to 1
shot. Spiteful beat Tyrone Prince: Aga
memnon beat Homer Boy at 5 to 1;
Crockett Hill beat Bonnie Pasha at 5 to 2;
Olita beat Floodgate at 5 to 3; Governor
Mac beat Controller; Frisco Lad beat
John Doe; Liberator beat First Foot at
2 to 1; Castaway beat Frisco Lad at 3 to 1.
Considerable play , was made on 'the
chances of Futurity candidates in the
long odds book at the park yesterday.
Aeolus, Freeze Out and Cold Shivers were
held- at top prices at 6 to 1. Tame Tralee,
Sir Pitt and Emin Bey at 25; Pasha Ken
nels' at 20; Red Rock at 20; Jones' ken
nels, Cronin's kennels at 50 and'Lynch's
kennels at 100 were given a bet or two.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round— J. Kelley's Governor
Mac beat H. Perigo's Controller, 4-2; F Cox's
Crockett Hill beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha,
5-3; Ed Heave's Talk to Me beat- Pasha Ken
nel's Rollicking Airs, 4-3; Star Kennels' May
flower beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple, 5-1- T.
J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat A. Vanderberg's
Naughty Girl. 5-0; Ed Neave's Spiteful beat
G. Graham's Tyrone Prince. 4-3; P. Doyle'a
Liberator beat Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt,
8-0; Ed Neave's First Foot beat R. Strahl's
Three Cheers. 12-4; Ed Neave's Castaway beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Regina R, 12-7; E. M. Kel
logg's Frisco Lad beat J. R. McCarthy's John
Doe, 3-2; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat T. J.
Cronin's Thornhill. 6-2; Aeneid Kennels' Aga
memnon beat O. Zalil's Homer Boy, 8-6; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory beat O. Zahl's MlS3 AVilson,
6-0; G. Sharman's Bowery Boy beat J. Quinn's
Royal Tick, 16-1; Pasha Kennels'. Roman Ath
lete beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist. 12-5;
P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat J. M. Halton's
May Hempstead, 5-3; George Nethercott's
Floodgate beat T. Kenney's May Boy, 10-6; E.
M. Kellogg' s Crawford Belle beat J. Willis'
Half Moon, 32-6; Sterl & Knowles' Olita beat
L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain,- 5-0; George Shar
man's St. Ives beat M. Nealon's Aeneas 5-4-
Chiarinl Brothers' White Hat beat Pasha Ken
nels' Snapshot, 10-4; J. P. Sweeney's Cottage
Lass ' beat . W. Murray's Well Known, 6-2; E.
Geary's America beat Star Kennels' Black
Head. 6-2; E. Geary's Ireland beat W. C
Collier's Lady Marion, 1S-1; W. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurlick beat T. J. Mclnerney's Annie
Hall. 5-3; George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat
Chlarlni- Brothers' Master' Workman, 5-4; T.
J. Mclnerney's Norah beat H. Lynch's Game
Cook, 7-1; T. J. Cronin's Vandal -beat Pasha
Kennels' For- Freedom, 10-0: Pasha Kennels'
Lawrence beat W. O. Buckle's Average, 4-2;
W. Creamer's Onward beat Chiarini Brothers'
Dewdrop, 10-5; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
Star Kennels' Pickpocket, 6-0; - M. Nealon's
Achilles beat Ed Neave's Strayaway, 9-7.
Second round— Crockett Hill beat Governor
Mac, 10-2; Mayflower beat Talk to Me, 4-2;
Tralee -Boy beat Spiteful, 5-4; Liberator' beat
First Foot, 3-0; Castaway beat Frisco Lad, 8-3;
Wedgewood beat Aeamemnon. 5-0; For Glory
beat Bowery, Boy, 6-1; Honor Bright beat Ro
man Athlete, 5-0; Floodgate a bye; Oleta beat
St. Ives, 4-0; White Hat beat Cottage Lass,
10-3; America beat Tom Hurlick,. 5-0; Ireland
beat Chicago Boy. 8-4; Nora beat Lawrence,
12-7; Vandal a bye; Harlean Gladys beat
Achilles. 8-3.
Third round— Mayflower beat Crockett Hill..
5-0; Tralee Boy beat Liberator, 6-2; Wedgewood
beat Castaway, 5-4; For Glory beat Honor
Bright. 4-0; Oleta beat Floodgate. 8-3; America
beat White Hat, 7-1; iFeland beat Norah, 4-0;
Harlean Gladys beat Vandal, 6-2.
Fourth round— Tralee Boy beat Mayflower, 4-0;
Wedgewood beat For Glory. 9-8; America beat
Oleta.. 5-0; Harlean Gladys beat Ireland, 6-4.
Fifth round— Tralee Boy beat Wedgewood,
3-2; America .beat Harlean Gladys. 14-4.
Deciding course— Tralee Boy beat America,
4-2.- -*i • .¦
In the telegraphic revolver match be
tweeir^Jattery A of Boston and the Co
lumbia Pistol and Rifle Club of this city
reports of the scores received here show
the Boston team to be the winner by 145
points. The tearms were six men each,
and the distance fifty yards. -
At the Harbor View ranges yesterday
the California Pistol and Rifle Club held
it? regular shoot. The Xative Sons of
the Golden West Rifle Club also held Its
initial shoot.
T. J. Oronin's Flyer, Annexes
Open Stake at Union .
. Park.
Ranges.'
Regular Monthly Shoot Held
on Harbor View
Columbia Revolver Shots
Defeated in a Tele
graphic Match.
P u PPy Greyhound Beats
Seasoned ' Dogs for
Honors.
BATTERY A TEAM
WINS THE MATCH
FAST COURSER
PS TRALEE BOY
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
Naval Reserve Holds Its
State Shoot for Two
Months.
San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein Celebrates an
Anniversary.
The fine weather drew a large crowd of
marksmen fo the Shell Mound ranges yes
terday, and the targets were well pepered
by rifle and pistol during the entire day.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein cel
ebrated the forty-third anniversary of its
organization with a picnic at the park,
at which several hundred pleasure seek
ers gathered. The memt>ers of the verein
were in uniform and held a public pri^e
shoot. The Naval Reserve held its State
shoot for August and September. The
scores of the day follow:
Company D, First Regiment Infantry, N. G.
C, in regular monthly shoot— Sergeant Russell
25. Sergeant Varney 38, Sergeant Staples 26, P.
Xewhouse 21. A. Hintz 5, C. Matthewson 23,
S. Tllson 26, L. Letts 11, M. Splllman 17, S.
Boyle 16, D. Dagnin 22, P. Jenkins 16.
Company G, First Regiment Infantry, N.
G. C, monthly company 6hoot, 200 yards—Cap
tain W. L. Wall 32, Lieutenant F. Newbert
20, Sergeant Noyes 3S, Sergeant F. -Owens 38,
Sergeant W. Phillips 36, K. Stroth 40, J. Mil
ler 32, W. Dasman 22, A. McPherson 22, L.
Ayhens 41, F. Buckley 27, J. Daley 30, J.
Schoth 22. G. Ghiselll 15.- A. Lage 23. J. Dolan
33. J. Reilly 7.H. SpiUman 37. M. S. Bradley
27. H. Lage 33, R. Steadman 40.
Independent Rifles' monthly medal shoot —
Sergeant G. Mitchell S3, Corporal P. Schonig
38, Corporal H. Frederlckson 23, J. H. Kuhlke
35. R. B. Blther 35, H. Gaotjen Jr. 32. J. Don
ovan 20, C. F. Schaffer 35, C. H. Kornbeck
36. H. Marzolf 40, C. Hering 32.
Naval Reserve, double State shoot for August
and September:
Naval Militia headquarters and staff, pistol
shoot, fifty yards— Dr. T. 1 .eland 50. Ensign
Murphy 49. Lieutenant Smith 44. Captain Nerny
42, Bandmaster Walton 42, Lieutenant Kam
mcrer 41, Yeoman Towers 41/ M. A. Brophy
40, Gunner Schnalle 39. Pharmacist McMillan
38, Apothecary McMahon 40, Lieutenant Har
loe 37, Boatswain Foley 37, Gunner's ' Mate
O'Hearn 32, Quartermaster Buckley 22.
Southern Pacific Low Rates East.
September 5 and C and October 3 and 4
to Buffalo. $S7 round trip. September 5
and 6, to Cleveland, 5S2.50 round trio
Many hours quickest. Many miles short
est. Best scenery. Choice of routp*
Dally limited train service to Chicago*
To " r 4?t «» r excursions to both Cleveland
and Buffalo. 613 Market street. >B ""«*
Boy Has a Narrow Escape.
James Lyons, aged .13 years, was
knocked down by car £61 of the Ken
tucky-Street line Saturday night and that
he was not killed was due to the fact that
he was wearing an old pair of shoes. He
was thrown to the ground in such a man
ner that the forward wheels of the car
just caught the shoe on his left foot. He
would have "been dragged under the car
had not the rotten leather given Way. The
only injuries . he received were minor
biuises about, the head and face.
Make Motor Tandem Record.
/.MONTREAL, Sept. L— Kent and Daly
of Boston, on a motor tandem, established
a record here to-day for five miles, going
the distance in 7:01 1-5. The race was
two ¦ motor tandems ' against - Cham
pion's motor cycle. Champion's machine
broke down.
"Carl Westerfeld. R. H. Morrow, Werner
Stauf and F. McWilliams have returned
to the city after a pleasant cruise to Cat
alina in W. N. McCarthy's schooner Ra
mona. Carl Westerfeld was out? yesterday
in the yawl Kittiwake.
was very yellow, in complexion and drag
ged Its weary length for over two hours,
owing to the inability of the umpire to
handle either the players or the audience,
who, in the shape of the small boy, in
vaded.the diamond over 100 strong and did
efficient coaching on the side lines." Score!
LOS ANGELES.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Rettz, 2b 4 1 0 0 0 1 0
Hutchlnson, lb 5 2 3 0 12 0 0
Householder cf .... 5 0 1 6-1 0 0
Atherton, rf 2 1 0 0 0 0 0
Reilly, 3b 4 11 0.1 4 0
Bowman, If 3 1 2 0 4 0 0
Kelly, ss 5 1 1 6 3 4 1
Spies,- c '. 5 0 2 0 3 0 0
Hale, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals ....37 7 10 0 24 12 ~1
, . SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A; E
Devereaux, es 3 1 1 0 5 5 1
Courtney, 2b 4 .0 l 0' 0 2 2
McLaughlin, If 4 13 0 1 0 0
Doyle, rf 4 1 1 0 2 0 1
Sheehan, 3b 4 110 12 0
Stanley, c 3 2 1 0 5 10
Hanlon, lb ....:.... 3 1 2 1 10 0 0
Ashenback, cf 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Stricklett. p ........ 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Totals ...33 8 12 1 27 12 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ........... 0 1 0 3 1 2 00 0—7
Base hits 0 10 2 1 2 2 1 1—10
Sacramento 11 0 0 0 0 0 6 *— 8
Base Jilts ' 2 11 0 0 0 1 7 »-i-12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 8; Stricklett 3.
Three-base hits— McLaughlin, Spies, House
holder. Ashenback. Two-base hit — Ashenback.
Sacrifice- hits — Courtney, Hanlon. Bowman.
First base on errors— Los Angeles 3, 'Sacra
mento 1. First' base on called balls— Off Hale
4. off Stricklett 6. Left on bases— Los Angeles
10, Sacramento 6. Struck out— By Hale' 2' by
Stricklett 3. Wild pitch— Hale. Time of game
— Two hours and ten minutes. Umpire — Hardie.
Game To-Day.
At the Recreation Grounds to-day at 3
p. . ffi.,- Oakland and San Francisco will
play off one of the postponed games.
Eastern. Baseball.
CHICAGO, Sept. 1.— Baltimore and Chicago
put up a great flght to-day. The visitors' mis
plays and an occasional hit won the game for
the locals. Both Callahan and Howell did ex
cellent work in the pitchers' box. _ Attendance
14,000. Score: ¦- \ -
•<\; ; . ¦ . * r: h. e.
Chicago .". ...6 5 1
Baltimorej ...¦.'..." 3 ,. , 4 -4
Batteries— Callahan and Sullivan; Nops,- How
ell ¦ and Bresnahan.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. " 1.— Milwaukee won the
last game of the series from. Philadelphia by
the brilliant pitching of Hustlrig and the great
fielding done by his supporters. The feature
was a wonderful running catch by Hallman in
the fifth. ..Attendance. 3500. Score: '¦
¦ ¦''.- ¦ v -. . '' ¦ ',>-,& R H - - •¦ E -
Milwaukee 2 8. /2
Philadelphia ...:........:.. 1 ,7^ 1
Batteries— Husting and Maloney; PJank and
Powers. :'.*¦¦.¦ . ; •¦_¦>' ->
S DETROIT. Sept. 1.— Carrack's splendid pitch
ing was responsible for Detroit's defeat. Seiver
was easy for the' Washington team after the
fourth Inning. Detroit's three runs In the
ninth were; the result of three consecutive "er
rors. . Attendance, 4000. Score:
- -¦ : :\ R. H. E.
Washington ......' 9 14 4
Detroit ..:......:............ .....4 8. " 2
. Batteries— Carrick and Clarke; Slever and
Shaw. . . ' ..',.. ...
Swiss Society Picnic.
The Swiss Relief Society of San Fran
cisco held its annual basket picnic at
Schuetzen Park yesterday. A large crowd
was in attendance and enjoyed the differ
ent amusements that the following com
mittees had provided for the occasion:
Floor committee— TTlrlch Gingc;. manager-
John H. Ginger, assistant manager: G. Bazzinl*
John Guscletti. E. L. Rea. Adolf Blum Amer
lco Rlapini, T. Tognazzinl. A. F. Tomasinl
Dante Muslco. Hermann Heim. L Britschiri'
G. Detrcher. Carl Gut. O. Imdorf, AttlMo Dado'
Joe Merkt. Alf Hobl. Arnold Wehrill. r
Games committee— D. de Bernardl* director -
A. J. Rianda, P. Martlnoni. *
Bowling committee— J. H. Fritschl, director*
P. Segesser, A. Gysln. Thad Slmmen.
Shooting committee— Rob Hauser dlrector-
A. Studer, Ed Sutter. - ...-»¦ . *
Orator of the day— Dr. T. A. Rottanzl
Treasurer of the day— John Leutenegger
Gate committee-G. E. Porta, chairman: M
G. Tonini. Dr. H. J. Sartori. H. Hauser J H*
Glnggr. E. Ceresa. C. Caronti, A. Mordaaini o"
Sartori. S. Maestrettl. -A» Baur. F. Cascloni
Coast Baseball Games.
The Dan P. Carters of San Francisco
defeated Suisun for the second time this
season by a score of 5 to 2. Batteries:
Carters— Williams and Burns; Suisuns —
Ward, Brqnson and Smith.
The Henry Hilps defeated the Quinn &
Broder team of Crockett on the Crock
ett diamond by a score of 10 to 3.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 1.— Santa Cruz won
the baseball game with the Heesemans
by a score of 13. to 8. The locals secured
sixteen hits oft Perrine, while the Heese
mans got ten off Daubenblss. ¦.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 1.— Marysville de
feated Colusa in the baseball game to
day by a score" of 12 to 6. Batteries-
Thomas and Eager, Beckwith and Win
ters. . S _
PETALUMA, Sept. 1.— The Reliance
team of Oakland was defeated by the
Petaluma baseball team to-day, 9 to 3.
At Santa Rosa the locals defeated Gey
serville 5 to • 3. ¦
HOLLISTER, Sept. 1.— Hollister 10, Del
'Monte 0. ' Batteries— Mills and Griffin,
Zamloch and Fairbanks.
ANTIOCH, Sept. 1.— The undefeated
Maccabees of Antioch in a hotly contest
ed same won from the Amigos. Score, 6
to 8 in favor of Antioch.
Declines to Commit Himself on th«
Subject of the Mayoralty
Nomination.
Colonel John C. KIrkpatrick. Harbor
Commissioner and manager of the Palace
Hotel, returned yesterday from a seven
weeks' tour of the East. His arrival has
been anxiously awaited by many who are
Interested in knowing whether he would
accept the nomination for Mayor should
it be tendered him by the Republican
party.
Colonel Kllpatrlck was questioned on
the subject last night and cautiously re
plied "that he had not considered the
matter."
"I have not been approached on the
subject of the Mayoralty." he said, "and
should the nomination be tendered toe
before I could think of accepting It I
would consider my business interests. I
have been connected with the Sharon
estate for the last fifteen years and be
fore entering politics should consult my
business associates.
During Colonel Kirkpatrick's visit East
he attended the Pan-American exposi
tion. He also made extended stays In
New York. Boston. Columbus and Cleve-'
land. He said that he had paid close at- ,
tention to all new Innovations In hotel
management in the East, and would
adopt such new plans in the management
of the place as he considered practical.
William C. Whitney, Jack Follansbee
and A. Featherstone Will Send
Their Horses. \
CINCINNATI, ; Sept. .1. — Manager
Charles F. Price of the California Jock
ey Club passed through here to-night re
turning from a trip to New York in the
interests of his club. He said that W.
C. Whitney. Jack Follansbee and A.
Featherstone 'had arranged with him -to
send stables to the California' race meet
ings this winter. This will be the first
appearance of these stables on the Pa
cific Coast.
COLONEL KIRKATRICK
RETURNS FROM THE EAST
BEST OF STABLES FOR
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OCCIDENTAL CLUB MEN
IN CROSS COUNTRY RXTN
Clements Leads on the Return Trip,
Closely Followed by W. C.
Beilly.
Under the leadership of Captain Al
Collins the Occidental Club members
crossed the Marin County foothills yes
terday from Mill "Valley to Willow Camp.
On the return^ Tom Clements led the
way, closely followed by W. C. Reilly
and Frank P. Haynes.
The 100-yard special swimming match
between William Glidden and Miley
Dolan was won by the former, although
closely contested.
Among those who took part in the run
were: A. Woelfel, G. Kelly, F. Over
ton, W. Winthrop, F. J. Lydon, J. Sul
livan, T. Clements, V. Holland, Dr. N.
Wachhorst, L. Hoff, J. H. Kennealy, M.
Dolan, T. Holland, James Howard, W.
Glidden, J. Walsh, W. Rancell. W. C.
Reilly, W. Gainey, A. Quatman. E. De
vine, J. Ennis, A. Collins. Dr. F. Stapff,
F. P. Haynes, J. Flynn, W.^McClain, C.
Barry and B. Clark. ' -
Special Officer Jennings Has a Pecn-
lar Notion of His Privileges.
Thomas A. Jennings and David Clark,
special officers employed by McNab &
Smith, entered the lodging house at 1CC5
Stockton street yesterday and were amus
ing themselves by looking into the rooms
when the proprietor, John Dellamonica.
asked them what they wanted. Jennings
pulled a special's star from his pocket
and said they were special' officers. Del
lamonica requested them to go away, and
after some persuasion they left.
About an hour later they returned and
Jennings walked into a room after two
ladies who had called to see the oc
cupants. He was asked to go away, and
to their surprise pulled a revolver out of
his pocket and pointing it at the male
occupant said he would shoot if he made
any demonstration. The women screamed
and Dellamonica ran to see what was the
matter. As soon as he appeared on the
scene Jennings pointed the revolver at
him and the proprietor grappled with
him, forcing him out to the street.
Dellamonica called at police headquar
ters and made a complaint against the
two men. who were arrested in a saloon
at Pacific and Dupont streets by Police
men Gould and Holmes and Special
Officer Daggett. When searched each had
a revolver and a star m his pocket. On
the complaint of Dellamonica a charge of
exhibiting a deadly weapon in a rude and
threatening manner was preferred
against Jennings, and Clark was "booked
for intoxication. They alleged that they
belonged to Morse's patrol, but Morse,
who was advised of their allegation,
denied knowing them and they admitted
they were employed by McNab & Smith.
THREATENS TO SHOOT "
IX>DGING-HOUSE KEEPER
The final blue rock shooting of the
Union Gun Club for this season was held
at the Ingleside grounds yesterday after
noon. The medals for highest socres
made during the season were awarded,
and the match between the Empire Gun
Club and the Union Club was shot off and
won by the latter.
After the club shoot of twenty-five tar
gets had concluded, the medals were
given out. Fred Feudner took the sold
medal and O. Fisher the silver one. F.
Knick stood in line for the Lewis medal
and F. J. Iverson and A. N. Shields tied
for the ability medal. The traps were
sprung to place the. honors and Iverson
won. .
The -final of three shoots between the
Union and the Empire clubs decided the
championship between the two clubs. The
Union. Club won the first match, the sec
ond was a tie and the Unions were on top
yesterday, the score standing 183 to 177.
The individual shoots were:
Union Club— Walpert, 16; Sylvester, 18;
Shields. 14; Javette. 15; W. Wilson. :*.5; Bur
nell, 17; F. Feudner, 18; Iverson, 16; Gordon,
16; Fisher, 11; Knick, 16, and Pisani, 11.
Empire Club— Hauer. 12: La Motte, 17; W*bb.
19; Debenham, 18; Reed 17; Si vales. 18; Ireland,
16; Houpt, 11; Gregg, S; Baird, 12; Cullen 15,
and Allen, 14.
The Union Club score was as follows.
Twenty-five tragets were thrown:
"Walpert, 21: Iverson, 22; Herring. 16; Thomas.
17; Janson. 10; Mitchell, 11; Knick, 20; Dresch
mann, 10; Gordon. 19; Lewis, S; Fisher. 16;
Burnell. 19; Shields, 17: F. Feudner. 20; Javette,
22; Sylvester. 18; Francis, 16; Walerman. 11.
and Pisani. 13.
Iverson and Javette took first .money.
Gordon and Burnell second, Pisanl-third
and Walerman and Mitchell fourth.
The following scores were made in the
added money 1 race:
Iverson, 21 out of 23; F. Feudner, 20 out of
21; A. N. Shields, 20 out of 25: O. Fisher, 22 out
of 2S; Javette, 23 out of 28; Walpert. 17 out of
25; Gordon. 23 out of 28; Burnell. 21 out of 23;
tW. Wilson. 19 out of 21. and 'Sylvester. 19 out
of 25. t
The last live bird shoot of the Union
Club will be held on the third Sunday
of this month.
The Corinthian fleet, with Commodore
H. D. Hawks on the flagship May in com
mand, cruised up to Petaluma drawbridge
on Saturday night, and yesterday con
tinued-on up to Lakeville. To-day the
yachts will return to their moorings at
Tlburon. •
The San Franciscos, having called their
cruise to Crakes Bay off until next Sat
urday, had no / event on, their schedule,
but the sloop Cygnus and the yawl Phyl
lis^cruised on Saturday afternoon to the
upper bay and will return to their moor
ings to-day. Yesterday the sloops Mis
chief, Anita. Nixie and Thetis were under
way, the last named sailing up to Mc-
Nears ¦ Landing and anchoring there.
While 'at anchor the yawl Spray, with
Frank and Mrs. Bartlett on board, sailed
by on the return from a two weeks'
cruise up the river. The Corinthian sloop
Cupid, the catboat Caprice, the yawl Kit
tiwake and other yachts also cruised in
the upper bay. There was a good breeze
throughout the day, which freahened con
siderably off El Campo.and Sausalito, but
was accompanied by little sea.-.
The proposed crujse of the San Fran
cisco and California Yacht Clubs to
Drakes Bay during the Admission day
holidays promises to be highly successful,
it being expected that about a dozen
boats will make it. Among them will be
the flagship Ramona, which is on her way
up from the Santa Barbara channel, the
schooner Chispa, the yawl Tramontana,
.the sloops Thetis and Cygnus, with four
or five California yachts. The yawl Royal
is at present on the ways at South San
Francisco, but will be at her Sausalito
mooorings before the end of the week,
and will probably take part in the cruise.
Some of the yachtsmen at least will try
to leave in good time next Saturday morn
ing, so as to take advantage of as much
of the ebb tide as possible. ""^
Entries for the annual regatta of the
Pacific Inter-Club Yacht Association close
at 6 p. m. on Wednesday with Orlo East
wood, secretary. The yachts will be di
vided into the usual six classes, and will
be sent off to a one-gun start. As the
San Franciscos and Californias will be
returning from Drakes Bay on Admis
sion day, not many entries are to be"- ex
pected from those two clubs. The Val
lejo Yacht Club will be represented by
Commodore A. E. Chapman's sloop Helen,
which her owner believes can beat Frank
Stone's Presto. A large proportion of. the
entries will come from the Corinthian
Yacht Club, as the Encinals.have pretty
well gone out of business as a yachting
club, and' the South Bays will probably
not send up any boats. The most inter
esting racing will be in the thirty-foot,
thirty-six-foot and yawl classes.."
It was all bustle and life yesterday on
the tennis courts in both San Francisco
and San Rafael. In the latter place the
Suttons and the Seymours were the cen
ter of attraction, and many spectators
watched the play.
In a mixed doubles match Miss Florence
Sutton and Grant Smith beat Miss Violet
Sutton and Ogden Hoffman, the score be
ing 6-2. Smith and Hoffman then joined
forces and beat the sisters 7-3. Mrs. Sey
mour and Miss Ethel Sutton beat Miss
Seymour and Miss Florence Sutton 7-5
4-6, 6-4.
Two of the strongest teams entered In
the men's doubles tournament played a
practice match in the morning. The con
testants were Collier and Crowell and
Smith and MacGavin. The latter won
two sets out of three, the score in their
favor being 6-4, 6-2. 3-6.
In singles "W. B. Collier defeated Drum
mond MacGavin 6-4, 6-3. Collier and H
\V. Crowell broke even, the score beins
8-6. 2-6.
The best match played on the local
courts was between George Whitney and
Harry "Wiehe. The latter won the first
set\S-6, but Whitney took the next three
at 6-1.
The men's. doubles tournament for the
championship of tfle coast will begin to
morrow morning and be completed on
"Wednesday. The drawing will be held to
night at San Rafael. Two crack teams
composed of Bell and Braley and Hen
dricks and Sinsabaugh of Southern Cali
fornia have entered.
he Ramona Is Beating Up
From Santa Barbara
Channel.
Individual and Team Scores
of Both' Shooting
Clubs.
The Misses Sutton Play at
San Rafael and Win
More Honors.
A Dozen Boats Are Ex
pected to Join Cruise
to Drakes Bay.
Fred Feudner Gets Gold
Medal for Season's
"Work.
Preparing for the Coast
Championship
Contests.
ANNUAL YACHT
RACES AT HAND
EMPIRE FALLS
BEFORE UNION
TENNIS MATCHES
ON TWO COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, 2, 190 1.
6
I* AMU 200 Yds. 300- Yds. 500 Yds.
J. Foley 12-17 22-12 8-6
A. Burgess 23-19 12-11 15-17
P. Skaggs 20-19 1S-22 18-16
B. Bach 2-3 4-9 0-9
Lieutenant S. Flahaven 7-3 2-3 11-2
S. Leonard 0-0 .... 0-0
L. Kammerer 21-20 12-6 0-8
H. Harloe 2-4 8-2 13-14
Dr. T. Leland 19-23 16-6 0-0
P. Murphy^ 20-22 . 4-0 3-15
C. Bode 19-14 6-4
S. Schnalle 17-15 ... 5-4
M. Mehlot 7-12 ... 0-4
S. Ka-ufner 11-16 6-8 7-6
J. Beattie 19-17 13-4 13-10
George Green 16-10 .... 14-12
Ensign Kuhls 17-0 3-9
J. F. Pinkham 0-5 ....
Musician AValzen 16-15 ....
J. A. Garratt 0-0
Steward McMahon .... 13-14 ....
S. Syz 11-18
Mast, at Arms Brophy 17-0 ....
A. G. Swinton 14-14 ....
A. Norton 15-16 ....
S. Spear 3-0 ....
Capt. T. A. Nerney... 18-23
Lieutenant Smith 18-0 ....
Ensign J. Corcoran.... 17-15 .... '.....
C. M. McGowan 10-7
O. Olson 15-19 ....
I* AMU 200 Yds. 300- Yds. 500 Yds.
J. Foley 12-17 22-12 8-6
A. Burgess 23-19 12-11 15-17
P. Skaggs 20-19 1S-22 18-16
B. Bach 2-3 4-9 0-9
Lieutenant S. Flahaven 7-3 2-3 11-2
S. Leonard 0-0 .... 0-0
L. Kammerer 21-20 12-6 0-8
H. Harloe 2-4 8-2 13-14
Dr. T. Leland 19-23 16-6 0-0
P. Murphy^ 20-22 . 4-0 3-15
C. Bode 19-14 6-4
S. Schnalle 17-15 ... 5-4
M. Mehlot 7-12 ... 0-4
S. Ka-ufner 11-16 6-8 7-6
J. Beattie 19-17 13-4 13-10
George Green 16-10 .... 14-12
Ensign Kuhls 17-0 3-9
J. F. Pinkham 0-5 ....
Musician AValzen 16-15 ....
J. A. Garratt 0-0
Steward McMahon .... 13-14 ....
S. Syz 11-18
Mast, at Arms Brophy 17-0 ....
A. G. Swinton 14-14 ....
A. Norton 15-16 ....
S. Spear 3-0 ....
Capt. T. A. Nerney... 18-23
Lieutenant Smith 18-0 ....
Ensign J. Corcoran.... 17-15 .... '.....
C. M. McGowan 10-7
O. Olson 15-19 ....More people squint . with their brains
than with their eyes. • •
It has been decided to acquire, at the
cost of the- State, for the Luxembourg
Museum -original, sketches of the Jewish
painter, M; Alphonso Levy. 1 .
Italian Warships Will Remain Away
PARIS, Sept. 1.— The Eclaire says that
It is not likely a squadron of Italian war
ships will go to Dunkirk during the visit
of the Czar.
Charles D. Clarke.
PEORIA. 111., Sept. 1.— Charles D.
.Clarke, head of the great distilling house
H'i Clarke Bros. &. Co., died to-day, aged
U yca.r£.
An organization has been formed among
the Jewish people of Oklahoma City for
the purpose of purchasing a site for a
cemetery. A charter, has been applied for
to the Territorial. Secretary, and as eoon
as it is received the roganlzatlon will, be
perfected and the cemetery purchased.
SAX DIEGO. Sept. 1.— W. A. Begole. a
pioneer, who crossed the plains to Cali
fornia in 1849. died here to-day, aged 74
years. The deceased was a prominent
Mason and had resided in San Diego for
thirty-three years. ; ?,• .-
W. A- Begole.
Origin of Gibraltar.
The Rock of Gibraltar has long been
known to all the civilized world. The an
cients called It Calpe, and with Abyla.
now Ceuta. the northern point of Africa,
about fifteen miles across the strait, it
formed ,the "Pillars of Hercules," long be
lieved to be the western end of the world.
It was first fortified in 711, when the Sara
cens invaded Spain under the command of
Tarik Ibn-Zeyad, after whom the rock
was called Gebel-Tarik, or Hill of Tarik,
later corrupted into Gibraltar. It was the
scene of many sieges and battles. In 1704
the combined Dutch and English fleets
captured it from the Spanish. -England's
right being confirmed by treaty nine years
later.— Chicago Tribune.
To Fix Tax Rate.
BERKELEY. Sept. 1.— The Town Trus
tees will meet as a Board of Equalization
to-morrow night and Tuesday night to fix
the tax rate for the coming year. A pro
vision in the town charter makes It neces
sary for the board to levy the rate of tax
ation on the first Monday in September
but, as to-morrow will be a holiday, a
second meeting will be held Tuesday
night to make the tax rate ordinance
legal. The j board has virtually agreed
upon the rate of taxation It will levy. The
75 cent tax limit for municipal purposes
will be levied. This will he increased by
about 35 cents through bonded indebted
ness tax and special tax. making the total
levy dn each $100 of property valuation
about {1 10.
It is loyally, explained by the London
papers that King Edward sold .off the
greater, part of the Windsor Castle sher
ries because modern • taste rejects this
strongly alcoholized I wine, and that
enough sherry had been laid down at the
castle to last a century at the present
rate of use. The money obtained will be
used to buy lighter wines, and more ac
cording to the modern taste. It is curi
ous that here In the tropics sherry, a
strong liquor, is still in prime favor. It
is • one of the great wines of the world.
Old-time Britons liked their "sack,"
which was their way of expressing a pre
ference for "Xerez seco.'.'. Anciently in
Spain the "x'.' was pronounced "sh,"
hence "sherry" from "Xerez."— Mexican
Herald. \ ,
The King's Wine Sales.
SALT LAKE CITT, Utah. Sept. L—
Judge J. B. Tlmmony of this city died
suddenly of apoplexy this afternoon.
Judge Timmony was widely known in the
West. He was born in Pittsburg fifty
four vears ago and wae a graduate of the
Philadelphia Law School. Previous to his
arrival in this city, ten years ago, he was
a railroad contractor in Kansas and
Nebraska. .:.••,.»
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Sept. 1.— The
pold production of this district during
August was J2.55S.000, the greatest single
month's record in the history of Cripple
Cripple Creek Gold Output.
Dr. Wheeler will make a thorough study
of the hospitals ot all the large cities of
the East and will then make a renort to
his fellow trustees aa to the best general
plans to be adopted. This will be fol
lowed by the drawing of the plans and Jt
is expected that by the first of the coming
year the Merritt Hospital will have aa
sumed some kind of tangible shape.
OAKLAND, Sept^ 1.— The trustees of
the Merritt Hospital, having had their
money finally set aside to them by tha
courts, are preparing to begin the con
struction of the long talked about hos
pital. Dr. P. S. Wheeler, who is one of
the trustees of the hospital money, win
go East in about two weeks for the pur
pose of studying the latest and most ap
proved methods of construction and equip
ment of such buildings.
PREPARING TO BT7ZLD
THE MEERITT HOSPITAL
Wreak Vengeance on Tax Collectors.
MADRID. Sept. 1.— The Inhabitants of
* Setinel near Cadiz, have risen against
the tax collectors. It is rumored that a
FeriouB conflict has taken place, several
persons being killed or injured.
Max Gossler of 247 Minna street was at
tacked by a crowd on Minna -street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth, shortly after 1
o'clock this morning. He was struck on
the head several times with a club, but
managed to break away and run up Third
street, where he was met by Officer John
Mullen, who, attracted by the noise, wag
hurrying to the scene of the row. Offi
cer Mullen summoned the ambulance and
had Gossler- removed to the Emergency
Hospital, where a severe scalp wound wa3
dresged. • .
William Clinton,, who arrived 1 here re
cently from Stockton, was taken for a
non-union man last night by a gang of
strikers at the corner of Fourth and Silvtr
streets and badly beaten. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital and his wound3,
which consisted of lacerations and con
tusions of : the ¦ head and face, wuro
dressed. . ' , .
Strikers Make More Assaults.
Grand president. T. F. Antonio: vlco presi
dent A M. Amaral; secretary, P. G. Leonarvo;
treasurer M F. Sllva: grand directors, A. M.
Martins. M. D. Sllva, M. 8. Pelnote, M. Henas,
J. C. Mendonca. , ' , . -
SAN LEANDRO, Sept. 1.— The Irman
dade do DIvino Esplritu Santo, which Is
otherwise known as the Holy Ghost So
ciety, this being a free translation of the
name, will hold its annual session In this
city during the coming week. The people
of San Leandro are making special ef
forts to entertain the delegates, who will
come from all over the State.
The session will begin to-morrow, when
the delegates will assemble at Portuguese
Hall and march to the Church of St.
Leander, where mass will be celebrated at
9-30 o'clock. The business session will
begin at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. Tues
day * will be a business day and on
Wednesday there will be the election of
officers, 1 ' followed by a banquet at the
Estudillo House. _ .
The present grand officers are as fol
lows:. ' . - . , :
gates to This; Religious
* . Organization.
San Leandro Will Welcome the Dele-
ANNUAL SESSION OF . THE
HOLY GHOST SOCIETY
BERLIN, Sept. 1. The central commit
tee of German shoe dealers has presented
a petition against the increase of duties
in shoes proposed in the new tariff bill.
The hat makers' organizations will send
a deputation to Herr Moeller. Prussian
Minister cf Commerce, against the pro
posed duty on felt hats.
Object to Tariff Schedule.
KANSAS CITV. Sept 1.— William J.
Bryan is acknowledged to be the feature
of the Labor day celebration to-morrow
t;t Electric Park and will, it is said, de
liver a speech of especial interest to work
infrmen. Preparations for a. big parade
.-md a demonstration beyond that usually
hrld here on Labor day have been made.
Bryan Will Address Workingmen.
Gymnasium work for the freshman men
students will commence Tuesday at 4
p. m. in Harmon Gymnasium. Sophomore
work wlir begin Wednesday. at the same
hour.
Gymnasium work for the women of tha
freshman class will begin Tuesday after
noon In Hearst Gymnasium. ' There -will
be two sections, one at 3 o'clock and the
other at, 4 o'clock. All of the freshman
co-eds are compelled to take the exercise
five days out of the week during the en
tire year. This is the first time in the his
tory of the university that physical cul
ture has been prescribed for women.
Mrs. Genevra Magee, assistant In physi
cal culture, will have charge of the
classes. ...-.»•
The Associated Women Students •will
meet Wednesday at 11 o'clock in room 1?.
North Hall. Committee reports will be
beard and there will be a general discus
sion of women student athletics. ;Mr3.
Genevra Magee." assistant in physical
culture. Miss Alma Stockwelland others
will speak. ">" ;
The Sports and Pa3times Club, the
young women's athletic organization, will
meet some time during the week to elect
officers.
BERKELEY, Sept. 1.— University exer
cises will be suspended Monday in ob
servance of Labor day. The library will
remain open to students and visitors dur
ing the day and In the evening. ' *
to a Week of Unusual
Activity.
Monday Will Be Holiday Preparatory
Dr. Frank Simpson, the graduate coach,
and Assistant Coach James Hopper will
have direct charge of the players. The
men will be divided Into squads for prac
tice at falling on the ball and 'other light
"limbering up" exercises. Several of the
old 'varsity players, who will be out again
for another season's work, will be on
hand to give the new men pointers, as
well as to get their share of practice. A
number of graduates who fought for the
Blue and Gold during their college days
are expected to be present on the opening
day. The' Berkeley gridiron for the next
two months will be an attractive place
for them.*
Light work will be done this week, and
then gradually the men will settle down
to heavy practice. The season is short
and will require full effort on the part of
the players.
A large crowd Is expected out to watch
the opening 'practice, which will begin at
about . 4 o'clock. . The rooters . will be
present in a bunch to cheer. In the even
ing at. 8 o'clock the entire student body
will assemble at a bonfire rally on the
baseball diamond. Faculty and student
speakers will encourage the players in the
work before them.
BERKELEY, Sept. 1.— The season's
football practice will begin at the Univer
sity of California on Tuesday. The men
will assemble on the gridiron in the after
noon as soon after college exercises close
as possible and will commence the task
of putting themselves into shape for the
coming contests.
wards Opera-house from October 22 to
November 1, are being very, rapidly made.
There will be the usual booths for the
sale of ornamental. and useful articles and
a special programme for each- evening.
Father Lally has consented to give a lec
ture upon his recent trip to the South Sea
Islands on one evening, the date to be an
nounced later. ' - :. .'... ¦¦¦¦ i :¦ .'
The ladles who will -be' in' charge of
booths, as far as announced,, will be- the
following: ' r .
Fancy • goods — Mrs. F. 'Winton," assisted by
Misses N. Stanton and A. Cahill. ' . . - .
Fancy booth — Mrs. Garwood, assisted., by
Mesdames P. Hoare, S. Lavallee, C. Cooper and
J. Obermuller.
Fancy booth — Miss Mary McKeever, assisted
by the Misses McKeever, M. M. Brown, A.
Garcia, C. Munyon and the Nugent sisters.'
Fish pond— Misses Lawrence Miss ¦ Soares.
Candy stand— Misses Colte, Miss Bernard.
Portuguese fancy table— Mesdames Lemoa, J.
Gomes. F. Catan.
Refreshments— Mesdames C. Hoosen, E-.
Welsh M Mulverhill, L. Lavln, N. Barres and
J. Martin.
Father Lally Will Deliver Lecture
Upon HisJTrip to South Sea
- Islands. - ,:•.-..-, *t.-
HAYWARDS, Sept. 1.— Plans for the
Catholic Fair, to be given at the ' Hay-
Colonel Reed, who is president of . the
Hidalgo Club, is indignant at the asper
sions cast upon his character by Con
sul Coney. Reed particularly takes ex
ceptions to the 'charge .made by one
Frank Rodegus that he (R&ed) "was a
waiter- in a restaurant in the City of
Mexico. Reed denies the charge em
phatically, and says that Rodegus is a
myth who has been created in the fer
tile Imagination of Consul Coney. Reed
and his fellow members df the Hidalgo
Club assert that malice alone prompts
Consul Coney to belittle the president of
the organization.
"It Is only with the desire to disrupt
the Hidalgo Club," said Reed last night,
"that Consul Coney has seen fit to make
disparaging remarks about my reputa
tion. The celebration of Mexican inde
pendence has all along been given under
the auspices of the club, and. over. a
month ago we made official announce
ment that the celebration would be held.
Long after that it dawned upon Coney
to give a counter celebration, at which
he intended to shine as the main factor.
"We question the good taste of Coney
in seeking subscriptions from wholesale
dealers to pay the expenses of his cele
bration. We represent the masses of
the Mexican colony, and we pay for our
celebration out of our own pocket. Coney
gives no account of his stewardship.
He is answerable to no one, as he con
stitutes himself supreme, dictator of the
whole affair.
"I regret that Mr. Coney should so far
forget the dignity of his high office as
to cast slurs upon me. It is small busi
ness for him ; to . be engaged in. -. I can
produce my credentials showing that I
am in fact a colonel in the Mexican
army, and they 1 are at his disposal
whenever he- wishes to see them. His
undignified utterances , do. not .worry tho
Hidalgo Club, which- 6 will • make | due
preparations, as in the past, • to cele
brate fittingly the anniversary *of Mexi
can Independence and .the birthday of
President Porflrio Diaz. i- .' ./
The war in the Mexican colony waxes
warmer and warmer, and Colonel Juan
Guillermo Reed, the president of the
Hidalgo Club, still holds the center of
the stage. Mexican Consul Coney ' re
iterates his statements that the gallant
colonel is no man to act as president of
the day when the Mexicans celebrate
their Independence day in this city, and
now comes James Baumberger, presi
dent of the Commercial Salt Company,
with the announcement that there are
"breakers ahead" for Colonel Reed.
Baumberger has had some business deal
ings with Reed which were not alto
gether satisfactory, and he proposes to
seek satisfaction in the courts. Baum-/
berger says that he has already placed
the matter in the hands of his attor
ney and that shortly both a criminal and
a civil suit will be iileq* in which Colonel
¦Reed will appear as defendant.
BERLIN, Sept. 1.— Last week's Boerse
was very dull, but the undertone - was
somewhat firm. The public, which recently
showed a disposition, to resume Boerse
business, has again- wholly withdrawn.
Transactions were accordingly confined
exclusively to professional dealers. A
favorable symptom, however, was that
'the week's untoward political events did
not produce any marked effect.
Canadian and Northern Pacific had an
active week, the former advancing to
109.10, while Northern Pacific preferred
went to 98.10. ¦ Both showed renewed
activity yesterday, under London's lead.
Altogether, barring accidents and the
Inevitable Government borrowing, ! the
Stock* Exchange seems to be looking in
the direction of more prosperous times.
Mining shares in a modest way showed
the general feeling of encouragement. The'
deposition of Whlttaker Wright at the
meeting of the Le Roi Mining Company
(limited) added decidedly to the joyous
ness of the. situation. The Rand now
boasts 365 stamps, and one new permit to
resume was Issued during the week. West
Australians .were decidedly stronger, out
side buyers .venturing in, although
timidly.
There seems small doubt that an aval
anche of criticism will accompany the
new loan, which will inevitably be a-n
nounced, and this will operate as a
serious setback for the present more
hopeful tone of the Stock Exchange. In
the meantime the small, but steady,
absorption of tilt-edged securities which
has been noted for the last fortnight con
tinues.
Business in home railroad stocks was
slightly better throughout the week, al
though the statements of twelve leading
roads, while showing an increase of £192,
000 sterling in passenger earnings during
the last nine weeks, showed a decrease of
£308,000 in freight earnings, as against the
corresponding period of last year.
The American department of the Stock
Exchange continues- very active, coal
shares leading on further talk of com
munity of interest coupled with the
aspect of the steel strike, which is re
garded here as only indicating an ulti
mate breakdown. The substantial ad
vance in Erie took bargain hunters rather
oft their guard, but there was consider
able speculative demand even at the rise,
on the, rumor that Erie common would go
to 60. -
Other features which seem to be per
sistently ignored by optimistic financial
critics is the fact that the Government
has never professed that the last consol
issue would provide for active operations
in South Africa beyond October 15.
Easy money continues to be a feature.
With its present reserve the Bank of
England views with apparent equanimity
prospective withdrawals for New York.
There seems to be little likelihood of a
severe autumnal stringency. At the same
time continental exchanges are weaken
ing all around, and It Is evident that Lon
don may be called upon to supply other
demands than New York's.
thing doing.
LONDON. Sept. 1.— The Stock Exchange
situation may now be fairly described as
more hopeful than at any time since the
vacation season began. As yet, however,
there Is no great buoyancy in any depart
ment. A number of the leaders are cut
ting their holidays shorter than usual,
apparently in the hope of being on the
spot whenever there begins to be some-
FACULTY. ,AND STUDENT
EVENTS AT UNIVERSITY
¦ » —
Orders Electric Motors Put On.
NE\V YORK. Sept. 1.— President J. J.
Hill of the Great Northern Railroad, it
is raid, has ordored that steam locomo
tives be superseded by electric motors on
the Cascade division of the Great North
ern. It is understood that if this change
•works out satisfactorily electric motors
will be introduced on other divisions of
the road.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 1. — Colonel
Pacger. the Assistant Secretary of War,
who returned to the city yesterday, left
he city again for his country home in
New York State, where his family Js
staying. General Gillespie. chief of engi
neer*, will act as Secretary of War 4uring
the absence of Secretary Root and Colo
nel Sanger.
Will Act as Secretary of War.
HA YWABDS LADIES TO V "
GIVE CATHOLIC PAIE
Berkeley Football Squad
to Start Practice on
Tuesday.
Steady Absorption of All
Gilt-Edged Securities
Continues.
Mexicans Cannot Agree
Over Independence
* Festivities.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 1.— Two hundred let
ter carriers, clerks and postal officials,
who are on their way to attend the an
i,ua! convention of the National Associa
tion of Letter Carriers at Chattanooga,
Tenn., stopped here to-day and were en
tertained by the St. Louis branch of the
association. Among: the visitors were the
Denver and San Francisco delegates.
Postal Employes Entertained.
BOTH FACTIONS
STILL AT WAR
Aetna Insurance Company, Sun Insurance
Company, Insurance Company of North Amer
ica National Standard Insurance Company,
London and I^ancashire Fire Insurance Com
pany, Netherlands Fire Insurance Company.
Greenwich Fire Insurance Company, Pennsyl
vania Fire Insurance Company, Home Fire and
Marine Insurance Company, Manchester As
surance Company. Caledonian Insurance Com
pany, American Fire Insurance Company • of
New York. Delaware Insurance Company,
American Fire . Insurance Company of Phila
delphia. Commercial Union Assurance Com
pany (Limited). American Insurance Com
pany of Newark. Mercantile Fire and Marine
Insurance Company. American Insurance Com
pany of Boston. Northern Assurance Company.
The said Insurance companies claim that It
was entirely due to the act or neglect of tho
San Lorenzo Water Company that the fire of
April 12 at Haywards assumed its. serious pro
portions, and claim that with a' proper and
adequate water supply said fire could readily,
have been extinguished in its incipiency; and
c!alm that absence of said proper and adequate
water supply was entirely due to the act or
neglect of said San Lorenzo Water Company.
The following companies, through their
San Francisco agents, have signed the
agreement:
The agreement which the interested in
surance companies have signed recites
the following:
A month after the fire, Superintendent
Darling of the water works committed
Fuicide at his home in Haywards, having
become despondent through brooding over
the destruction of the cannery and the
circumstances surrounding the fire.
Insurance Companies' Points.
Tho pipe main that had been run down
B street at Haywards was "deaa-ended"
at a point about opposite the Southern
Pacific Company's depot. Arrangement*
had been made to place a hydrant there
and to run a lateral connecting main to
the cannery several hundred feet east of
the depot. There had been some delay
because of correspondence between the
cannery owners and the water company
concerning the payment for that connec
tion, but this was adjusted a month be
fore the fire. Frequent demand was
thereafter made for the service, as the
cannery was shortly to open for the sea
son's work, but the night : of the fire
arrived and- there were no hydrants with
in a mile of the scene. The firemen and
townspeople were compelled to stand
helpless and see the acres of buildings
licked up by the roaring flames.
It is upon thl.-s statement that the insur
ance companies have decided to proceed
against the San Lorenzo Water Company
to recover the amount they paid to Hunt
Bros. The total insurance money received
by the cannery people was $91,500. Their
loss was thus reduced to J10.000 or $15,000.
The claim is made by the insurance
companies that the water company was
directed to complete these extensions
nearly a month before the fire occurred
and. that their failure to do so left the
cannery without the protection against
fire to which it was entitled and for which
seasonable demand had been made.
Hose Falls Far Short.
The Haywards Fire Department re
sponded, but found its nearest hydrant
was so far from the cannery buildings
that the hose was short from 1200 to 1500
feet. The water company had laid a main
to within 200 feet of the cannery grounds,
but had not completed the pipe-line to the
cannery, where hydrants were to be
erected.
The Immense buildings, the valuable
machinery therein contained and all of
the structures, cannery, warehouses and
can plant, including many thousand dol
lars' worth of tin plate, manufactured
cans, machinery and other paraphernalia
were burned to a worthless mass, only fit
for the scrap pile of a Junk-yard. The
fire occurred on the night of April 12.
Papers in the forthcoming litigation
have been under preparation by the law
firm of Van Ness & Redman of San
Francisco, and the documents are now
about ready to file.
The insurance .world is interested In this
prospective legal battle, for the questions
involved are of vast importance, not only
to the companies but to water supplying
corporations. The fight is to be made
upon the theory that tho San Lorenzo
Water Company, which supplies Hay
wards, neglected to furnish adequate ser
vice and that the immense losses could
have been prevented if there had been a
sufficient supply of water at hand for use
when the fire was in its inciplency.
Thirty insurance companies of San
Francisco have combined to prosecute a
$100.00-3 suit against the San Lorenzo
Water Company to recover the money
they were compelled to pay upon the total
loss caused by the burning of the Hunt
Bros.' cannery and can plant last spring
at Kaywards.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Sept. 1.
Swain put his man under arrest in short
order after. that and landed him in jail
handcuffed.
Reed took shots at several people In the
neighborhood, including Henry Shaker.
It was late last night when the central
police station was notified that Reed was
shooting around in a reckless manner and
terrorizing the quiet people who were
anxious to sleep without the danger of a
stray bullet finding its way Into their
window. Policeman Swain went down
with the patrol wagon and put Reed
under arrest. The negro started to go 'with
the policeman but suddenly whipped out
his revolver and placed it squarely
against the policeman's head and pulled
the trigger. The revolver missed fire,
which was the only thing that prevented
Swain from having his brains blown out.
G. H. Reed, a negro with murder In his
eye and a revolver in his hand, kept the
people in the neighborhood of Center and
Fifteenth streets in terror last night and
would have killed Policeman Swain If the
revolver had not missed fire. Reed is
now in the City Prison .with a charge pf
assault to murder against him, "Swain
landing his man in jail after he had ex
perienced the narrowest escape from
death that he ever had in his life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 1.— The Secretary
of War has decided that veterinarians are
not competent to sit as members of courts
n:artial or to perform any of the duties
which are expressly requlr«*d by law to be
performed by commissioned officers. As
Their status is assimilated to that of
commissioned officers, they arc eligible
for detail as members of boards of survey
or counsels of administration and may,
when no commissioned officers are avail
able, serve as exchange officer or post
treasurer and may witness payment to
enlisted men. >
Defines Duties of Veterinarians.
I/ord Kitchener Reports the Casual-
Near Winterval.
LONDON. Sept. 1.— Lord Kitchener re
ports to the War Office that nine persons
were killed and seventeen others wounded
in the blowing up and derailing of the
train which the Boers destroyed yesterday
between Wjnterval and Hammen's Kraal.
ties in Saturday's Disaster
NINE KILLED ON TRAIN
BLOWN UP BY BOERS
Battle to Recover Loss
by Haywards' Can
nery Destruction.
Negro Terrorizes People
at Center and Fif
teenth Streets.
Fiddler McMahon struck up an Irish
reel, and in a moment a dozen or more
couples, spurred to enthusiasm, were toe
ing and stepping to tne- rplllcking airs.
The afternoon, under the direction of
Professor Kelleher, was devoted to a re
hearsal of the quadrilles, reels and jigs
which will form a part of the day's pro
gramme. One of the dances introduced
"It- is the aim and object of the Irish
people in California to perpetuate
the memory of the 'old sod.' To
do this we ask your hearty co
operation. Indications already point
to a great demonstration on that
day, and the committee in charge
feels that after the celebration, is conclud
ed and the accounts settled there will be
a handsome balance for the hall we pro
pose to build."
Memory of the Old Sod.
State into this Unicn. While the Irish
people cannot under present circumstances
hope for such a happy alliance, still the
spirit can actuate us and bring its sons
and daughters into closer and happier al
liances.
The Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, minister
of the First Unitarian Church, will preach
a series of three discourses, commercing
next Sunday, on the topic. "Three Re
cent Religions." The first sermon' will
be devoted to "Modern Spiritualism." Ths
following Sunday "Christian Science" will
be discussed. "Theosophy" will be the
subject for September 22.
The Rev. E. E. Baker, pastor of tha
First Presbyterian Church, resumed his
church duties to-day after a month's va
cation.
Miss E. A- -Churchill, a missionary en
route to China, delivered an address this
evening at the Union. Street Presbyterian
Church.
Mrs. Charles M1113 sang the offertory
solo this evening at the Church of tha
Advent, the music for the day's service*
being under the direction of James Pollitt,
the new choirmaster. .
John Berger of the Occidental College,
Los Angeles, conducted services to-day at
the Centennial Presbyterian Church.
¦ Willis C. Haynes, a former Oaklander
who ha3 recently ,completed his musical
studies in Italy, sang to-day at the First
Free Baptist Church and this evening at
the Second Congregational Church.
The Rev. H. J. Vosburgh began his pas
torate to-day at the First Baptist Church.
His discourses were on the subjects,
"Praying and Preaching" and "A Com
prehensive View of Life."
The Rev. L. M. Walters of Fresno, edi
tor of the State Sunday School Register,
occupied the pulpit this morning at Ply
mouth Congregational Church.
OAKLAND, Sept. 1.— The Rev. Charles
R. Brown, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, has commenced a series of
Sunday evening . discourses, the general
theme of which Is "A Young Man's
Choice." The first sermon was delivered
this evening, the topic being "The Choice
of a Master." Following, on the first
Sunday of October. November, December
and January, will be given the remainder
of the series, the subjects being: "The
Choice of Friends." "The Choice of a Vo
cation," "The Choice of Books" and "Tho
Choice of a Wife."
Presented for Consideration of
Congregations.
Many Phases of Religious Thought
SABBATH SERVICES IN
CHTJE.CHES OF OAKLAND
WILL TAKE PART IN REVIV
. AL OF ANCIENT- CELTIC
GAMES AND DANCES.
INSURANCE MEN
CHARGE NEGLECT
LONDON, Sept. 1.— Crown Prince Fred
erick William of Germany arrived last
night at Blenheim Palace on a visit to
the Duke and Duchess of Marlborough.
Royalty Visits the Marlborough.
WORK OF SEASON
ABOUT TO BEGIN
A final meeting of the executive comnvt
tee will be held next Friday night at the
office of President Thomas F. Barry, in
the Parrott building. The final rehearsal
will be 'held next Sunday afternoon at a
place yet to be selected.
Great interest centers in the literary
contest, as there are many students of
the Gaelic language in the city. Two
medals arc offered. One is for the best
essay on "The Utility of the Revival of
the Gaelic Language" and the other is
lor a poem on the vSiege of Limerick."
Grammars and lexicons are being care
fully conned, and so earnest are the in
tending competitors that the judges yet
to be selected fear they will have a hard
task on their hands to decide upon the
winners.
While the main portion of the after
noon was devoted to dancing, there were
other things on hand for the various com
mittees. The committees on games and
prizes had a long meeting, and announce*!
its schedule. All kinds of Gaelic games
are on the list, and prizes of considerable
value are ready to be delivered to the suc
cessful competitors. Judges, referees,
timekeepers and other officials were
named, so that this part of the programme
is complete.
Ancient Irish Games.
Then there ,was jig and reel dancing
by amateurs and professionals. Little
Claire McGinney and Miles Searey, whose
ages combined would not exceed the num
ber of fingers on both hands, danced an
Irish minuet. Prosper Forrest and Bessie
Allen, a juvenile team who are about to
enter a professional career, gave an ex
hibition of fancy dancing, and Professors
O'Connor and Kelleher also made the
floor resound with the lively patteringa
of their feet. Miss Julia Malloy and M. J.
Hession. Miss May Leddy, and Maud ami
Helen McNamara also contributed to the
pleasure of the guests.
was the "High Call Cap," a dance that
gave the ladies a chance to delicately dis
play in its intricate mazes just, a glimpse
of the latest style in hosiery. This dance
will in all likelihood prove to be a striking
feature of the entertainment. ' .
LONDON MARKET
GROWS STRONGER
"We are trying," said he, "to bring
greater unity among the people .of th-j
Irish race. The object of the Celtic
Union is unity. Under its banner we
propose to unite all the people of ..our
race; to instill into their minds the prin
ciples of liberty and independence incul
cated in our breasts from time immemo
rial.. California, on the day we have
chosen, celebrates her admission as a
Colonel Thomas F. Barry,, president of
the Celtic Union, enthused his hearers
with a stirring address.
"Rince, ceol, agus, seamachus" —
"Dancing, music and oratory"— continued
Chairman Deasy, translating his Gaelic
speech, "are the aims of our celebration.
We are reviving the ancient games of Ire
land, her song, her literature and her
spirit. We are -here to perfect the plans
of our great celebration, and give to the
sons and daughters of the Green Isle a
modern revival of the ancient games of
the Emerald Isle."
That was the keynote of the meeting to
complete arrangements for the big cele
bration at Glen Park that is be
ing prepared for Admission Day,,
a week from to-day, under the
auspices of the Celtic Union to raise addi
tional funds for the erection of the Celtic
Union Hall. There is 57000 now in the
treasury, and it is hoped that enough
will be realized out of the proceeds of the
coming celebration to make the procure
ment of a site a possibility.
CLANNA na nGael le quatlv a
chiel." -
When Chairman Deasy said
that at the meeting of the
executive committee of the
Celtic Union held at K. R. B.
Hall. 1133 Mission street, yesterday
afternoon a group of devoted pa
triots who have been studying the an
cient Gaelic language strenuously ap
plauded. Reduced to English, what Chair
man Deasy said was:
"The children of the Gael are with
shoulders to the wheel."
McGOVEBlTS SISTER LANDS
ON JAW OF A MASHER
Besents a Stranger's Familiarity an«l
Gets Into the Coney Island
Police Station.
NEW YORK. Sept. l.-The fighting in
stincts of the McGovern family are ap
parently not confined to the male side.
Katie McGovern, a sister of Terry, twice
swung on a man's jaw to-night in the
Bowery at Coney Island as deftly as her
brother could have done. Instead of re
ceiving a purse for her cleverness. sh»
was locked up in the Coney Island polfce
station for disorderly conduct.
Katie went to Corsey Island to-day with
Charles Sehoop. While in the Bowery.
Schoop went a few yards ahead of his
companion, when a stranger, thinking her
alone, rpoke to her. She did not wait to
ask him his busings, but punched him
twice. Swinging first with her left, she
taught him a heavv blow behind the ear
and then drove her right flush on the
point of the jaw.
The man went down, and while he was
struggling to his feet a crowd gathered.
In the confusion tlie mnn disappeared. Ltit
Katie was arrested. The police said she
had evidently been dinine over well.
"Everything i? now ready for my next
ascent." said Dumont to the Journal cor
respondent to-day.
Weeks of prodigious labor since the
wreck of his ;ast balloon has created
another, and to-day, for the first time,
the aeronaut took things a bit leisurely.
PARIS. Sept. 1.— Santos Dumont. the
daring Brazilian aeronaut, has been
working day and night to complete a new
flying machine, his sixth, in which he
hopes to circle the Eiffel Tower and win
the Deutsch prize. The question of ex
pense never bothers him. Like Lipton, he
seeks the prize, no matter what it costs.
Carry Off the Deutsch
Prize.
Hopes »to Circle the Eiffel Tower and
DTTOONT CONTLETING. ,
NEW FLYING MACHINE
Dilating upon what he called "the col
lapse of the Parliamentary system dur
ing: the recent stssion." he said it proved
that with a little pressure the united
Irish party crulJ get anything it wanted.
The Conservative papers to-day com
ment upon Redmond's speech as justify
ing the Government in taking "practical
measures to mitipate the nuisance of
Irish obstruction."
LONDON. Sept. 2.— John Redmond, M.
P.. spiking yesterday in Westport. Ire
land, tc-ok up the Conservative challenge
and characterized the policy of reducing
Ireland's representation in Parliament,
as hinted at by Balfour. and Chair.beniiln
during the recent Unionist demonstration
at Blerneim Palace, as absurd. He de
clared that the Irish people "can abso
lutely disregard such threats and rely
upon -.he provisions of (he act of union,
which settled the question of representa
tion."
NEW YORK, Sept. ;.-There has been a
rumor for the last few days that Richard
broker cf Ner.- York and Wantage was
negotiating for the purchase of the A. B.
Darling property near Ramsey's in Ber
gen County, New Jersey.
Inquiry shows that the person who. is
negotiating for the purchase Is not the
Tammany chieftain, but the millionaire,
George Crocker of California and New
York, and that the chances are he will
soon be a resident of Bergen County. The
property was formerly owned by A. B.
Darling, who made a fortune of several
Trillions by. investments in real estate in
New York.
When Darling died he left the Bergen
County property to his nephew, but his
wiaow has be«>n its occupant most of the
time since. Mrs. Darling: made use of
the place to give fresh air to the poor
children of New York, who go to Darling
ton every summer for several weeks in
squads of. fifteen or twenty. Young Darl
ing has no desire to retain the property,
but he does not wish to act contrary to
his aunt s wishes, and the transfer of the
property now depends wholly upon what
rurs. Darling rays. Crocker has visited
the place several times and has ati-
Tiounced his intention, in the event of
£ u F, c J? asin8r ll - of taking down all the
fh v S a erecting a mansion on top
TRIES TO KILL
A POLICEMAN
NEW YORK, Sept. l.-Mrs. Carrie
Nation, the Kansas smasher, appeared
in New York this morning, and man
aged to get arrested by 5 o'clock in the
afternoon. She escaped from- her pre
dicament in time to lecture at Carnegie
Music Hall this evening and to distrib
ute songs and hatchets. Mrs. Nation
longed above all else to make the ac
quaintarce of the. women of- the tender
loin that she might administer words of
reproof and counsel. "
She spied a. marine at a Sixth-avenue
bar. "The idea," she said, v "Men wear
ing the uniform of, the United .=. States,
navy in here drinking poison! Isn't it
awful? Mr.' Barkeeper, why do you
keep open on Sunday like this? Isn't
there any law to stop you?".
"These are soft drinks," replied the
barkeeper. .
"Young man, don't ycfl try to deceive
me," rejoined Mrs. Nation.
She lifted a stein which was sitting in
front of one of the sailors and took a
sip of the nectar of Gambrlntas.
"Don't you try to fool me,-*' she con
tinued. ' "Tha^s beer, that is, and I
know beer when I taste it.** Y .
The crowd was meanwhile crying aloud
ntHioP"j ot '< ><-v)f ' »irs. Vv-iioti, Kiss
ing, her hand- to the multitude, was
finally placed on a car and taken down
to Twenty-third street after some diffi
culty, for she persisted in ¦¦ talking to
everybody whom she met.
Five hundred persons heard i Mrs. Na
tion this evening at .Carnegie -^ Music
Hall. She was of the .opinion that .the
man who ' smoked was a "rum-soaked,
whisky-tainted, tobacco-smeared, satyr
faced, red-eyed devil." She clinched
these remarks by reciting poetry of a
home-made variety. Mrs. Nation told of
how she had rebuked a deacon . in a
Baptist church whom she had followed
into the smoking room of a parlor car
on which she had traveled to the? city.
She also spoke with bitterness of a,fel
low passenger who persisted in smok
ing in his own stateroom.
Then she rebuked women for wearing
corsets.
In the Event of Securing It
He Will Tear Down the
Old Houses.
Claims the Act of Union Has
Settled That Important
Question.
Secures Her Release in Time
to Deliver Lecture at
Carnegie Hall.
The Santa Catalina Band will head the
procession and there will be several other
bands in line. The day will wind up by
everybody visiting the races in the after
noon and the pavilion at night. .
Another special day of unusual Interest
will be Knights of Pythias day, on Sep
tember 11. Prizes are to be offered to the
outside lodges sending the largest delega
tions and it is expected that there will
be crowds from all parts of the State.
The Rathbone Sisters will also take part
in large numbers.
Second division— The Allied Printing Trades,
bakers, leather workers, cigarmakers. horae
shoers. musicians, retail clerks and stage hands.
• Third division — Iran molders. blacksmiths,
brewery workers, bottlers, boot and shoe work
ers, barbers, carriage-makers, machinists.-laun
dry workers, bartenders, milkers, engineers,
oilers and firemen. . . . . _ ... I •-."',.
First • division— Building Trades Council,
palntera, plasterers, plumbers, bricklayers.
sheet and metal workers, carpenters, wood
workers. Federal Labor Union, lathers, cement
finishers, granite cutters and house raisers and
movers. ...
There will be a dance, at which Lee
Gorman of the Retail Clerks' Union will
be floor director. The parade, which will
traverse the principal streets, will be
formed in the following order:
At 1 o'clock in the afternoon, after the
parade, there will be a barbecue at Agri
cultural Park. An expert in handling
barbecues has been brought from San
Francisco to have charge of the feast.
Among the delicacies will be forty baked
bullsheads. The meat, which will be beef,
mutton and pork, will be cooked in great
trenches. This afternoon the festal fires
were -lighted.
The local labor unions have entered
heartily into the matter of the first cele
bration of . the fair and there is promise
of a great demonstration.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 1.— The State Fair
will open to-morrow with a special Labor
day celebration. In which all of the or
ganized trades of the city will take part.
The great railroad shops, employing 3000
men. will shut down at noon. The city
offices and most of the important mercan
tile establishments 'will close and a gen
eral holiday will be experienced ,in all
lines. .- ¦¦ ' •
Take Part in the
• Festivities.
Unions at the Capital Will
Manages to Get Arrested
Soon After Reaching
New York City.
George Crocker Negoti
ating for Purchase of
Darling Property. :
Labor Celebration in
Sacramento to Open
State. Fair.
Says Parlianient Cannot
Reduce Ireland's Rep
resentation.
Perfecting the Plans for >a Grand Celebration on Admission Day,
.Several Addresses Are Made in the Ancient Tongue and Nimble
Feet Merrily Illustrate Poetry of Motion as Seen on the Old Sod
REDMOND TALLKS
OF IRISH PARTY
CARRIE NATION
MAKES TROUBLE
TOILERS WILL
BE ON PARADE
PLANS BUILDING
A MEW MANSION
CHILDREN OF THE GAELIC RACE
PREPARE TO REVIVE OLD GAMES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1901.
7
THE DAY'S DEAD,THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, 7 SEPTEMBER 2, 1901.
8
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
,639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m*
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
_61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street ; open until 9 p. m. .
1C96 Valencia street; or*n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open* until 9 p. m.
_00 Fii;more street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal -_CT_-
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. }52P
Business and R. A. derree. • f^T A
OCCIDENTAL Ledge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at 8 _/\_
c'clock, stated meeting. )S..3f
WALTER ii. ANDERSON. Sec. / V>
HCRMANX Lodge No. 117, F. and A. _
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAT( MOX- A
I>AY). September I. 19C1. at S o'clock jSzf
p. m. By order of the W. M. r^r >
l. Schumacher; Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204, I.
O. O. F.— Officers and member?:
You are hereby notified to a.«sem- rzZSOZss*
Me at our lodgeroom MONDAY, fi*$>.
September 2, at 1:30 p. m.. to attend the fu-
neral t>r our late brother, R. O. DAVIS.
F. C. EVANS. N. G. '
WOODMEN of the World, fl_~
Golden Gate Camp No. - 13
64 — Members are hereby j
notified to attend the C^^-Wi_Sy^'^3
funeral of our late neigh- fe^piBgWl'iaP'*^
fcor. CHARLES A.
HEINEMAN. from his late residence, 25
Eeleher ft., between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth. Fillmore and Steiner, MONDAY, Sep-
tember 2, at 2 o'clock p. m. By order
THOS. J. BARRY. Consul - Commander.
D. OLIVEB JR., Clerk.
MYRTLE Lodge Xo. 42, A. O. U. W.— VJWB>
First meeting in new hall TO-NIGHT, W§fe
fourth floor. Pioneer building. 24BSJK;
Frurtfc st. All Workmen invited. ByMSR^
order Master Workman.
mriSICN No. 2. A. O. H.— The resru- ©«jsfl» «
lar monthly meeting of this division \W'"*
will be h?!d at Hibernia Hall. 120 "BWtf
Ninth st.. rn TUESDAY. September 3,CCVfi5
1901. at 7:SCi p. m. Business of lmpor- sf^«
tance will com* ut> at th's meeting.
JOHN KENNY, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary-
PACIFIC Parlor No. 10. N. S. G. W.— Th« offl-
oer* and members of above parlor • will as-
F»nih> p.t K. S. G. W. Hall. 414 Mason Ft.
TO-MOPROW rrt'EFPAY) at 9:30 o'clock
* m. . for th<? rurpc*!? of Rtt»ndin* the fu-
npral of our late brother, F. W. CORBETT.
By order, of ¦ •..'..
EDWARD J. BANNING, President
.T. C. MILLER. Rpc. Sec.
ADOPTION.
GIRL find boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUXKK. 141fi Eighth St. Alameda.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Splendid chance to make money. Our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
ftate In the I'nicn. every country in world.
A'fo 1900 census complete. Over 400 pages of
maps nr.d descriptive matter. Sells at Bight
Pond *"c for sample and terms to agents.
Tt K--n. MrV/LL^ & CO.. Chicaeo. 111.
AgPHA_TUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ralred: ro*tRi. H3S Ml?flon: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick;
<j'jict; no charge without success; collections.
v.-i:is. deeds, etc.. prepared: chanre low: estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, S50 Market st
ADVICE free;divorces private: bankruptcy ;col-
l»>ctions;attachnients: mortgages -.bills of sale:
rartner«hlv>s:d«>«»<js: wills <5rawn;fees low;open
*ve's. THURSTOX. lOCfu* _lct., r. 4, op 5th. ¦
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bide.— Bank- i
rurtcy. rotates, general practice; mod. fees. !
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAMDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bids:.. 9!7 Mar-
Vet *t.: '•onF-'ltaMoTi f"-p»t no f»ps In advance.
BOOKS SEW AXD OLD.
BOOK? o«- every kind boueht. Tel. R~ed~_n«.
HOT.MEP TOOK CO.. 714-7nr.-70S Mission i=t
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX.
BOARD wanted In *he country, within 60 miles |
of city, for boy 12 year?; within reasonable j
distance of good public school; Ftate terms i
and particulars. Address bo_ 45, Cal! office. j
: O't t «h:ldrm t« bofrd: good home & moth-
T 1 * '•*•¦<=: tio vn: «Tjnnv varrt. 1607 California.
HU^KAU TRrXlvS.
APK tn *«» LuT;(lt>w_'s improved drawer
ti-iTrk: of all d°«>rs or factory. S3? Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES. \
XEWTOX & HARTEH. 759 Market *t. ; bakery j
and delicacy store. $325; 2 houses and lot; ;
fnap; centra!; Oakland; $2500. Almond orch- j
rrd. 5* acres, cheap; Livcrmcre; cash, pxchge.
FIXE paying delicacy store and restaurant;
_J400. XEWTOX & HARTER. 759 Market f-t
J330— PARTNERSHIP established business:
cood opportunity for steady man. CAL. |
BUSINESS ASSN.. SGTU Market st j
JS3O— CIGAR stanrt. stock and fixtures; down- !
town; snap- RETJLOFF, 906 Market St.. r.ll.
t5. T 'J-PARTNER war.t»d: treat chance in a j
paving office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market. !
RCO— RESTAURANT on 4th St.: rent. $27 £0- 44 I
chairs. MCLAUGHLIN &CO.. 777^ Market {
FOR rale— A good-paying candy/ ice-cream and I
notion business In a lively interior town; !
S50W. Inquire of H. METER & CO., 420 Froni.
WAXTED — An honest end sober partner with
J3CC1 in an cptical business; muet either be
nv. optician or be able to attend to ccrre-
Hcsding. «>tc: casn receipt* about $1500 tc
flOCO per month. Address GEORGE MAY- j
ERL^. German Expert Optician.- 1071% Mar-
ket «.. Ean Francisco. " j
FOR eale— At Invo'.c* price, the merchandise !
*tore cf CKOPirS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
•its two branches, cne at Sebastopol and one
«t Healdrburjr. as a whole cr eacn store sep-
erste: disagreement etnong partners the cause
cf felling. Fcr particulars address CXOPIUS !
¦ * «~o.. Fnnta-Rot-.
RARE ohance-$20(tO vi\\ buy an interest in a
rew patented smelter which wUlemelt any
kind of base ores much cheaper than any I
other smelter. . Boar 29, Call office. ]
HOTKL rartner wantci in a good country i
h<-t«>,l; owner has 2 hotels; also one hotel for :
salr; reasonable • price. Hotel men address'
Hotel, bcx ."7, Call office. j
IF you want to invest in any good, safe rellabl- 1
bupiness th3t rtrik- doesn't affect that pars !
$1W to *2ffl ¦ month call Business Board of ' 1
Trade. ?26 Pine st _. . \
S175-FOR RALR-Hcme bakerv and notion ! 1
stock:: splendid location; disposing of on ac- i
count of ill-health. 534 Valencia st \
JKO-PHOTO raUory in country town: pcpula- j
t'on 2000; no opposition; doins first-class I
bt:£lr.<v«s. Box 43. Call ofSw.
MFAN'S wanted to An* rich, free-niililni? quartz '
- l£^^_^^ r f^f_£'all_a!?ency. San Jose. Cal. j
FOR rale— <5ood business: departure caure of I
ff-.a. Inquire at 13C2 Derlgadero Et. ''.
FOR SALE— A small steam laundry] Apply *
213T Mission st. j
G ?LAGlMAVxlc6?y n - ArPly>tSIECE - J
flPO CAFH win 1*jy cigar stand; southeast cor-
net Poik and Pacific sts; transfer point. j
TO LET-New. well-fitt<»<; clgrar store: corner '
Twenty-second and Mission sts.; transfer cor.
A BltAXCH ornce for Call advertisements and I
rubscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st. j
cr./.cpiFIKD f""v«=rtly«>ment* and Subscriptions i
r-cr-ive* at Call t-.ranrh offlr— .. 2200 Fnire-v-e gt.
lodging-houses for sale. j
ATTENTIOX~BUYERS! ~"~" '
OCR MOTTO IS SQUARE DEALING !
"TOU MAY BUT ANY ROOMING-HOU'E !
ON 'OUR LIST "« u -*< j
And pay for it in monthly payments from the '
profits of the house. '.
MOXEY LOAXED AT LOWEST RATES
10 rooms; rent t20; on Sixth jt75
20 rooms; modern; cost J3oflO jgoi)
6 rocmr; on Van Ness; modern ~ "400
40 rooms; on Third 1SO0
21 rooms; $300 rash, balance payments.... 1230
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $100 6CO0
7 rooms: on Geary 200
17 rooms; on Market; central 1050
8 rooms; on Ellis: «Iears $33 650
26 rooms: on Mission *0i>
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms; rent f_5 23*>0
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. U.
BOSTON Business Agency. 1016 Market st. opp. •
Fifth — Must be sold, at a great bargain, lodg-
ing-house, fine paying, price $800, half cash,
balance to enit . buyer, house 22 rooms, rent
535, guaranteed profit J1C0 per month; house
on Eddy Et.. 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market st.
opp. Fifth. ...
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
end hotels can be found at office of ¦¦
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD. phone Mint _U.
No. S17 Market st (near Fifth st) 2
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
i 9 ROOMS on Post st; worth $1000; price.. $450
16 rooms;, sunny corner; clears $100 '. 1000
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit. 6000
60 rooms; $1200 cash 3200
40 rooms; clears $200; only $600 cash 1500
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room-flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market sti...: 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears JSO 600
9 rooms; gocd piano; must sell 525
16 rooms; offices; clears $80 1400
14 rooms; $100 cash, balance payments... 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 900
24 rooms; on Market: clears $150 1000
' 18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason at; new 750
32 rooms: offices: clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
I 6Cll and exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
___________________ '
£5C Market st and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
¦^H you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
100 r. : rent $475; cor.; best-paying in city. $7000
85 r.; r?nt $200: Al loc.; good house 3600
60 r. ; rent $300; cor.; elegant hotel 7000
4S r. ; rent $110; cor.; Oakland 2500
26 r. ; rent $90; cor.; fine fur. and loc 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 p. c.
14 r.; rent $55; good trans, and loc 550
10 r.; rent $28; fine fur.; piano .-.. -650
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
FISHER & CO., S35 Market; phone Folsom 1592
—10-room house, handsomely furnished in oak
and cherry; all new and elegant carpets; fine
bed linen; licht and sunny: clearing $45 over
expenses; sell regardless of price; worth $900.
FISHER & CO.. S35 Market; phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10.0001 37 R $55001 24 R J1S00
60. R 3,CC0l 37 R lSCOl 13 R 1400
30 R...... 1.000 IS R 5501 12 R 450
10 R SCO! 9 R 30O| 6 R 300
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
JS50 — 14 rooms; O'Jarrell; rent $45; bargain.
8500 — 6-room fiat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1JOD — 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
JG50— 8 room?; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan menfv on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market St.
WINSTON & WOLF\
102? Market st. Telephone J>««=!e 2211.
22 rooms: best location south of Market.. $1000
20 rooms*: beautifully furnished: onlv.... ]5(v>
SO rooms; best street In city; rent $45 12fln
23 rooms; snap: rent only $i5 1400
SO rooms: rent $05: sunny corner 2000
600 ether houses. Many bargains to select from.
HOUSES HOURFR HOUSES
IF VOU WANTv
TO BUT AM ROOM1VG-HOITSE
........IN ANY PART OF THE CITY........
......COME AND SEE ME ABOUT. IT
...r EITHER HAv-E OH CAN SECURE...
...". .TOUR IDEAL
916 Market st. M. K. B. WALLACE; room 73
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near the Call building. Tel. Black 1803.
Can at my office for bfp free list.
I will .give you a square deal and good title.
L'*t your house with me— no charge.
Money to loan, payable monthly or- yearly.
All kinds of businesses for sale,
24-RCOM house: rent SU5; well furnished: house
earning; must be sold: sacrifice at $1900. Ad-
dress A. L., box 58, Call office.
FURNITURE of a 6-room house for sale; sult-
able for roomers: no dealers.- 214 Minna st.
SPIRITUALISM. *~
COME & Eee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. ra.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1084 Bush st.; tel. 2275 Larkln st.
FREE— Ladies who want to know whether they
possess mediumlstic talents: if they develop
with me and cannot get full names In 90
days, no charges; 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoonsi. FRANKLIN, 724 Post st
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialtv; clr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sun., Tuea.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test;
private readings daily. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'F.irrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. M. A. BRYANT: correct facts; readings
daily; by letter %1. - 110 Sixth St.. room 8.
MOL'STAFA. materializing seance, benefit for
the poor, S p. m.. 25c. 1610 Bush, nr. Franklin.
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting. 8 p. m.,
10c: readings dally. 14S Sixth Ft., room 12.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test tn all to-night. 10c.
clairvoyants.
mme. m. Bernard]
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Thir<1 at., next Examiner.bldg. She
leads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great.
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket ft., corner Gold«-:i Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with Fpeciai terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. th» great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never foils: has the greatest Egyptian
secret: ehaws pitcure future Ijusband or wife;
fre 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to S p. -m. 215% Sixth st
A— LINCON. CLAIRVOYANT. ~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 123 Turk st. ; readings by mall. * <
MME. MONTAGUE. . ~
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; glv°s
names, facts, figures: gives lucU; honest pre-
dictions in love >:fCairs; reunites separated, i
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER. wond»rful clairvoyant & caiJ
reader, born with double veil— second sirht;
diagnoses di^easf with life readlne; ladies 50«:
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market. oj>.
6th; private rondlnps dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m ,
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol- j
oirtral nalmift rrader humrn destiny: neye-
•fa!ls;'25c and oflc; by mall. 50c. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROSE. best clalrvovant. card reader;
G<TTT>ttn spoken: 25c up. 777V4 Market st, room IS. 1
MME. KAXEEN— Card reader and palmist*
past, present, future. 1C8 Sixth Et.. 2d floor.
2011!, WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 9.*1 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays. ¦
Mrs>. Mel lory, rlairvoyant «-ard reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; 1. 25c. g. 50c. 917 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
enly 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 2£2 Minna, nr. 4th.
CAUD reading 25c: hoi: r^ from 1 to 8 p. m. 835
Howard rt, r.r. Fourth.
FREE test readings: ladies morning: open 10 to
6; clos-ed Sundays. FRANKLIN. 724 Post st
MRS.MELVILL.. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 €th:Gerroan spoken:tel. Howard 1846.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c. pent; 53c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst. 148
Sixth St., room 23.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;pahnlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
M. WILLE. crystal f»er. clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant." card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie Ft. bet. 5th and 6th.
MMT3 RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET. BEATING AXD~C_E TaniXg!
WHEN' you become disgusted with poor work
£<>nd to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. S53-357 Tehama st. ; tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c; renovating. 5c up:
work guaranteed.- T. R. Co.: phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511H Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanlns Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main S94. GKOAWALCOM _ CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
1702 Harrison; tel. Mission, 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
233 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G_ H.
STEVENS. Met.. 38-49 8th st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCI^pi.L, Carpet-beatin* and P.eno-
vatlng Co.. 2l>) Fourteenth Ft. : tf 1. Mission 74.
CIimOPODISTS.^
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails. \warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Stra»sburjrer fromN.T.. specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
' COLLECTION OFFICES?
GEORGE W. KElXY^S^gracy^^o^cTsargTun^
less guccessful. Room 310. 927 Market St.- \
~COTTA G E.S~TO~I,_T~
COTTAGE of 4 rooms. 132 Ro»T~_ve~ bet
Gough and Octavia. 1V4 blocks from Market.
DENTISTS.'.
A— DB..~T. S. HIGGINS, 927~Market^street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
.artificial teeth, on plate, look natural . and
guaranteed. $fi up; a- good 'metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: . gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful Eecret. painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest, and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. SO O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose \ Pearlj
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted." Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Stxth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced .dentist;
specialties, crown and . bridge work and the
preservation of natural r»eth. UP Phelan bldg.
', PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates. ¦'
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VPOOM— "Painless": eveninpa and Sun-
davw. 1(W1 Market st. corner Sixth.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLi:61?S~Tiai7^d^ol^r^ermanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SChS6T"f<5r~MEnT
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.; opening night. TueEdaj\ Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; decartments— Art. business, civ 1 ! servic?,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
(ruarres. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Marke\-
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business- education; .shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Sapnish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions .secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A NEW class in character reading, palmistry
and diagnosing opens Sept. -2. Chirologieal
College. 451 Parrott big.. A. V. SEGNO. Pres.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett- School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
M ERRILL-MILLER Colleee— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeepine. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech, sur-
vey, R~ay, cyanide: day, eve. : est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children, in primary, grammar and high
school studies; references. Box 69, Call. .
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who psr-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
I Gregg shorthand costs only $G0. San Fran-
j Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Rend to Grand Opera-house for cir-
I cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
1 ¦
I/Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.. $6 mo,
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandOiin. guitar
lessons. 50c: piano for "practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacTier: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTIXGTON'R DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nfjrht class.. 424 Pine st.
HKALD'S Business Colleee. 24 Post pt^ S. F. ;
founded 1?63: new SO-pafje catalogue free..
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHKAPPST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 Datres. sent to any address in the
United PtPtos nr Cannon niK" year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese h°lrT~o?~alT~klndi':
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI fc CO.. m Post st: tel. Bush 135.
SAM KEE & CO.. employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California st. ; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st: teL Bush 516.
ORPHEUM F.mnloyment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fire; al! kinds h»lr>.. 315 Ftopktnn: Main MS8.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
.A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires~situa^
tion: best city references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 525 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation; best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS infant nurse desires . situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutler.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes second or house-
work. MRS. LAMBERT," 41S Powell St.
j FIRST-CLASS dressmaker finishes dresses, also
does tailoring by the day; 75c. 417 Turk st,
in store.
WOMAN about 30. honest and reliable, would
like work from 8 to 5. AddreE3 L. B., box
75, Call office.
YOUNG French woman desires situation to do
* housework; good plain cook. Call 212 Oc-
tavia st. • . *
FRENCH woman, good cook, wishes a situa-
tion where there is no lady to interfere; ref-
erences. Call between 9 ana 5, 212 Octavia st.
NURSE,' thoroughly competent, would care
for invalid: good references. Address Nurse,
1834 Howard St.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady desires house-
keeper's place; city or country. 418 Powell.
WANTKD-By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper in hotel, first-class
lodRlns-house or private home; will assist
. with sewing or take charge of doctor's . of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box M874, Call.
AN experienced law stenographer (Remington
operator) would like a position in a law or
mercantile bouse; worked, on Mrs. Craven vs.
Fair case; reference?. Box 64, Call office.
AMERICAN lady would like position as lady's
maid cr companion; is. musical and willing
to be generally useful. - Box 53, Call office.
GOOD dressmaker desires a few more engage-
ments. $1 50 per d3y. Address box 28. Call.'-"
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to-do chain.
berwork or work In kitchen: sleep at home
Call or address E. M., 344 Third st.
YOUNG couple r.-ish positions: man first-class
about place: wife as plain cook or first-class
waitress. Address B. S.. 537 Ellis St.. ,
A YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper.
Call at 827A Howard St., room 15. ¦ j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to
JG week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from- ferry.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisements and
"¦•"subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia gt. . ; .,- '¦, ,.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recplved at Oal.1 branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, . thoroughly experi-
enced In landscape,. propagation and green-
house work, desires a situation; city or coun-
try; references; can take care of 1 horse and
buggy and milk 1 cow if so required. [ Address
P. S. GARDENER, 315V4 Jessie St. '
YOUNG man wants position; 9 years' experi-
ence in general office work; references from
former employers as "to business ability and
character. .^ Box 74, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as • winemaker or cellar
boss; 20 years' experience in sweet- and dry
wine cellars; furnish ample evidence regard 3
ability, character and sobriety. Box 11, : Call.
MAN and wife want positions In hotel or min-
ting carap; state wages. Box 76, Call office. "
Al M.#:RIED man wants charge orchard ;
stock or private place; first-class -references.
Box 6, San Mateo. " .. .- . . ;• • ,
;.-¦ EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE^
YOUNG man,; well educated In German and
1 English, trained medical and surgical house,
understands the drug business, best of refer-
ences and recommendations, desires position.
Box 46. Call office. -
HANDY man wants, work; understands the
care of horse, cow, garden and chickens;
handy, with tools; references. Address
Handy, box 61. . Call office. . -{¦
PRUNER wants work; experienced reliable
workman for deciduous fruit trees and grapu
vines; capable to work alone; no short. job.
Box 26, Call* office. ¦- ; * ¦¦
A POSITION wanted by experienced gardener;
can take care of horse, cow and buggy; best
of references. .Address Gardener, box 4851,
Call. • . .
GENTLEMAN wishes a position as nurse to
take care of man day or night; city refer-
ences Address 359 Grove st'
: JAPANESE boy, gentle and- honest, wishes po-
sition as h?lp; cooking and housework. Ad-
dress box 4S33, Call.
A BRANCH olfice for Call advertisements and
' Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ . ¦
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦ 16 papres. in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.l3S3 Valencia ;tel.Capp 26S2.
_^_^^ FINANCIAL. "
'PACIFIC Coast^Jn^erw^ttnT~C^T~0lnc?)^Wo
have 43 offices in operation; new method of
placlnp stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET~
A NEW7^r«y^eTh^Te~^T^o"utrTiever* been
occupied: modern, sun and bay-window In
every room; looking out on the park. 411 Cole
-st, corner Oak; call bet. 10-4 o'clock.
COLE. 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick st».-
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. ,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975. opposite Jefferson
square — New upper sunny modern flat; 5
rooms and ;bath.
FLAT of 4 room?, bay window and" bath: rent
$12. 716 Natoma.stj bet. Eighth and Ninth.
O'FAKKELL. 1833-Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
TO Let— 4 sunny unfurnished rooms and bath;
rent $16. 502 Franklin st.
3-ROOM flat/ corner of McAllister and Polk
_sts. Inquire at butcher shop. '
8 LARGE room flat: attic, cellar: all modern
Improvements. NW. cor. Page and Shrader.
ALPINE. 175— New flat of 8 rooms with all
modern Improvements; rent $25. Key at 171.
N ATOM A. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; largo
yard and cellar; rent $10;. no children.
TO N let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937
Mason st;,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Pfptes or Canada one year for $1.
'flats wanted. •
A furnished upper flat of five or six
rooms; adults. Box 34. Call office.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLErTi28-130 Hayes, nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects; High-grade work: Lowest prices.
. FPUMTCRE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Marke*.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone -Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave. ; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
.HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 head waitresses, city and country $W
Waitresses, south, fare advanced $25
2 waitresses, Sacramento $25
25 waitresses, city and commercial hotels
- * $20. $23
Ironer, country $30 and found
Woman for children's dining-room, 1 institution
Cook, few boarders, country $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Lady's maid and assist second work $25
¦Waitress, small family ly. .,! ; .VY. '. *25
. Housegirls. nice place, country. '. fare paid. .$20
Housegirls, second girls, riursegirls, cooks..
-'/...: $10, $30
A cook and second for new house, country,
every convenience, for the 6th of September:
small American family, $35 and $25; call and
investigate
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & COI... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; 14 waitresses, first-class
commercial find city hotels, $20 and $25; 2 res-
taurant waitresses, $7 and $3; arm waitress,
country. $6 and room, fare paid; 2 chamber- j
~ maids to "wait. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT 1
3 cooks, city and country, $30; second girl, ;
country, . $25, see lady here; waitress, private
family, $25; chambermaid, same place, $20; '
many choice places, beat wages ...#» !
MRS. M. E.DAY & CO 335 Geary st. \
IRISH Catholic woman about 35 to 40 years of i
age to work for 2 priests; country; $25; see
party here. . MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st.
• : i . — : —
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay.--
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
541 Market st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Anoly Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.
WANTED— An expert bookkeeper and stenog-
rapher; address In own handwriting; all com-'
niuntoations confidential; state present em- 1
pleyment and salary Paxton Gold I
Bond Oil Company, 318 Kearny st
{ AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell St., help of
all nationalities to fill various positions; city
j and country.
A— HOTEL, GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Waitresses, country hotels. ¦ $25.
WANTED— In country town, a reliable girl for
upstairs work and taking care of chiMren:
German preferred. Call between 10 and 12 at
I 1451 Franklin st - . ¦
GERMAN girl for general housework; flat;
small family. 3503 Twenty-third 3t, corner
San Jose ave., near Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants; steady
work. 41H£ Kearny at., top floor. . . "
WANTED— Girl for cooking ¦ and downstairs
work; wages $25| Call forenoon 2397 Howard.
WANTED— A youlg girl for dressmaking. 1236
Market St.. room 93. ,
WANTED— Dressmaker and apprentice. 764
Howard st. , . • ; ¦ _^
WANTED— Girl- to do housework; wages $13.
I E24',4 Harrison st.*; call to-day. ¦ ¦ . __
ELDERLY lady for assisting in general house-
work. Call 217 Grant ave, in saloon.
NEAT young girl or middle-aped woman: light
housework ; good home: $8. 1527 Fifteenth st
WANTED— Vest finishers; good pay; steady
work. Apply Tuesday morning, factory S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary ?t
WANTED- Experienced maker for millinery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.' between
S and 11 a. m. .
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers^
steady work: electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.^
APPRENTICES to learn tailorintr: paid white
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. •
PROBATIONER'S nurses; references. Apply
superintendent, FRENCH HOSPITAL.
EXPERIENCED sewing-machine operators at
Greenebaum. Weil & Michels', 531 Mission st.
WANTED- Refined woman past 30 for respon-
. Bible position. Box. 102, Call office. • .
WOMEN ' operators on skirts. 48 Ellis st:
WANTED— Printer and toner at TONKIN'S.
¦ ¦ 1227 Market st. . .- , " -
"NEAT girl to assist in general housework. 666
Castro st. • . .
TAILORESS; a _pant3 finisher wanted. 5%
. Kearny st. room 18. .' top floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st. -
'WANTED— Women for light work on f rulf
1731 Fnlmm ft.- ¦ . • . ¦ > ¦ . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'-¦¦,. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call' advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been % established at , 1036
, - HELP .WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY~&~READY. . . . . . . . . .Phone~Maln 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
634-636 Clay street.
.OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY
¦Ship R.' R. men lo-day '.
-- '.... Ukiah.... ........
150 teamsters... '..... Ukiah Free
230 laborers.. ........ Ukiah .........Free
60 men to cut right of way $2 to $2 50 day
¦ 75 laborers for ballast and steel ganga
..:.......;... Ship Free • '••
: .' „ To-day to Ukiah
:... SANTA FE R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK....
' * A" carload of laborers, no experience re-
quired, to work on section, steel, ballast and
other gangs; this is company work at Stock-
ton, Fresno, Bakersfleld and Merced divisions.
Free Fare : Ship Daily
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT ,.
3 stonemasons, rough work, near city
$3 50 day
Ranch carpenters, $40 and found; carpenter
for a factory........ $35 and found
Blacksmith. R, R. camp... Free fare
Band sawyer, lumber company.. $85 and found
Circular sawyer, sawmill company.. $75 and fd
Carriage painter; men for machine and boiler
shops
..LABORERS, MINES, (fuARRIES, ETC..
6 single hand miners, $75; 5 miners, $60; d_ri£
ers, $2 50; tunnelmen, $3; laborers, $2 25; ~B
muckers, quartz mine, $60 and found; 10 labor-
ers for mine, $75J 25 laborers for surface work;
smelter, $45 and found; 12 laborers, gold mine,
fare ?2 60, $60; 179 men for different quarries.
$2 to $2 50 day; 3 carmen for mine _••••'
10 laborers for bridge company, near cfty....
...... $40 and found
15 laborers, no experience needed, brickyard..
; $30 and found
5 laborers to work on gentleman's grounds....
v ...„ •¦•• 12 day
6 laborers, Santa Clara County..$34 and found
..SAWMILL. WOODYARDS, ETC. ......
6 men handy with an ax, San Mateo County
...$30 and found
15 laborers for new mill ,.$35 and found
10 lumber pliers, circular sawyer, band saw-
yer, 150 laborers, for other mills •••
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
' 50 farmers, steady Jobs
$20, $30, $35 and found
27 teamsters, ranch; 18 orchard hands; 12
milkers and dairymen
5 men to -work on a large ranch, drive teams.
Irrigate, etc $26 and found
27 choremen^and choreboys....$15, $20, $25, $30
' FRUIT PICKERS
FRUIT PICKERS
25 men or strong boys to pick fruit; work in
- packing-house, ' dry yards; no experience re-
quired; anybody will suit; $30 and found; this
is a large fruiffarm; long job
.MISCELLANEOUS
Choreman for an institution $20 and found
Boy for country store, near city
10 stablemen, $30 to $60; 3 buggy v/ashers; gar-
dener; 100 teamsters, city and country...
Farmer and wife, Sonoma County, see boss
here $40 and found
5 laborers, factory, city..' No strike
hotel; bakery and other bept s.
Cook for officers of mining company
$50 and found
Second cook, mine, fare paid $40 and found
4 cooks, hotels, county. 8 restaurant cooks
¦ 18 kitchen hands 4 ranch cooks
14 waiters,, city and country hotels and res-
taurants $25 to $40
18 porters, pantrymen, vegetablemen, etc.:.;
Baker, country shop, day work $11 week
Second baker, same shop $9 week
Second baker, country shop, fare $1. .$40 and fd
10 bakers' helpers 3 bellboys
Clerk for general merchandise store, coun-
try r $50
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary s_
Railroad work Railroad work
Free fare... Free fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers •• ' $2 a day
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters $2 a day
—100 laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
50 mason's helpers $175 to $2
100 laborers $175
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 50
300 muckers and laborers $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work $175
Free fare Ship daily Free fare
20 laborers, city. $2 a day; 20 laborers for
. sawmills and woods, $2 a day; blacksmith,
country • shop, $3 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel butcher, good carver, $70 to $80; roast
cook, hotel. $70; meat cook. $50; baker. $40;
kitchen hand, $30, for an institution, country;
second cook. $60; broiler, $45, hotel, city; sec-
and hand baker, country shop, $35 and fare;
cook, country hotel. $45; vegetableman. In-
stitution, country. $30; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $30 and $25; 4 porters, country
hotels, $30 and $25; nurse for an institution,
country. $30 —
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
69 Third St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! UKIAH:
FREE FARE!
50 R. R. laborer?, Ukiah...." $2 per day
SO R. R. teamsters, Ukiah. .$2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen. Ukiaa $2 per day
Free fare to Fresfto, Merced and Bakers-
flgld.
JO shovelers for Santa Fe R. R. : 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R. ; railroad camp
cook...f $50 per month
Candy-maker, country $12 \o $15 per week
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Porter. $20; bellboys, $15. S
BARBERS, attention — The members of the
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148, are
. hereby requested to assemble at 927 Market
ft. MONDAY. September 2, 1901. at 10:30 a.
m.. to participate in the Labor day celebra-
tion. I., LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS, attention — Monday, i September 2,
1901. being a lesal holiday all shops will close
at 12 m. on said date. . I. LESS,
Secretary Journeymen Barbers' Union.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night, S:*0, 32 O'Farrell. I LESS. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st. room 207,
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED — 100 able-bodied men: wages 50 cents
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply, ready to go to work. Monday
or Tuesday, September 2 ami 3. from 6:30 to
7:30 a. m., to WILLIAM THOMAS, 50G Bat-
tery st, rooms* 12 and 14. . i
10CO MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building.
v •'; ¦ • ,'=:
500 TEAMSTERS; steady employment: good
wapes. Apply Lumber Dealers' Association,
209 Examiner building. • ; -
WANTED— A steady, sober man-wlth $100 for
a plain, every day business: will pay. $15 to
$18 per week: experience not required: place
permanent. Apply 763 Market st, rooiTt*^.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; no fee. 127 Mason st.
YOUNG man with some experience to work in
fruit store. 930 Fillmore st. __ -" ,
WANTED— Twenty men supers. Apply this
(Monday) morning at 10:30. Alcazar. Theater.
WANTED — Young man to wash dishes and
learn cookinr. 126 Ninth "st.
BOY wanted. 31 Market st.
BOY to drive butcher cart; Western Addition
preferred. 1612 Post st. / r : ;',*
WA NTRD— A good boy and an oysterman at
113 Ellis st. ' V t ¦ ' ¦
WANTED — Basters on coats; bushelman; press-
¦ man and under pressman on pants. Apply
; Tuesday morning, factory of S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary Et. ,
MAN of good habits wanted to help In a pleas-
ant buslnerit from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.: will
pay. $15 to $18, per week; must have $75 and
be ready to go to work at once. California
Business . Exchange, 78 Third st, room 2.
BRIGHT, honest boy of proper age to leain
watchmaking and kindred trades; a Kcod
opportunity fnr right boy; must- give good
, references. 707 Murket st.
COACHMAN« wanted for city: must be not over
30 years of age. .Apply by letter, stating age.
last emnloyment and salary required without
board. Box. 70, Call; office. , • •
WANTED— 200 honorably discharged U. S. sol-
diers or marines. Apply ' at room 10. 325
Montgomery : st. r . bring discharge papers;
wages $3 per day with bonus.
BARBERS— A bargain; two-chair shpp.wlth
'. three living ; rooms, furnished- compTete; for
' sale cheap:- good business: satisfactory rea-
." son for selling.. Call 316 Third st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced. traveler in laces, hand-
kerchiefs, curtains, -etc, side line; Al refer-
: t-nces required. -.Address box S3, Call office.
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver: must be
• honest; and soivr;- wages J45 end found; ref-
/ erericea. 1307 Broderick 5t.
- HELP WAXTRD »* AT.FS C«"».
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to -work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st..,room 2o, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. ¦• . - - **¦¦ •'-'- '
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
5 navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 3d: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
¦ further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN to lear* barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $C0 monthly;
special inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to ' know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Dress goods, domestic and gents'
furnishing goods salesmen. Apply at HALE
BROS.' between S and 11 a. m.
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestic
department: state age. experience, salary ex-
pected. Address. box 4970, Call office.
YOUNG man to attend gents' furnishing store
and make himself generally useful; state ex-
perience, salary desired. Box 4So3. Call office.
200 MEN to buy suits made to- order, $1 pei
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st
MAN for ranch; $10 and found. Box 16, Call
office. -¦
WANTED— Crockery packer; only thoroughly
experienced man need apply. Box 42. Call.
BOY wanted for Jewelry store; state references.
Box 62, Call office. ¦
BARBERS, attention— To let, 953 Howard st.,
near Sixth; central location.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FOR SALE— First-class' hotel barber shop in
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoesfors^lej_5^c_jipj__2jU^jrhl£d_rt^
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st ,
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on woo* man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard St.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. nsar Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements arid
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE — A very stylish and spirited car-
riage team; light dapple gray, 15V4 hands, of
fine breed. Address box 68. Call office.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
6 CO., 35 Pore St.. S. F. __^
. FOR sale — Nearly new business; also leather
top light buggy. 1453 Devisadero st.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap.. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart3. harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap S32 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
• . HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO .LET.
A^P^n^ElT^lsriiou^eT~to^ieTr^eTd^fo
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— House of 5 rooms; large yard. 23C7
Polk st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
FOR rent— Furnished house of 8 rooms or will
sell . furniture cheap. 415 Harrison st
LOST AXD FOliXD.
GRAND Hotel grip taken by mistake Sunday.
Return to office; receive reward.
LOST— St. Bernard dog, sable and white mark-
ings; name, Emperor. 16 Third st. ; reward.
FOUND — Gordon setter dog. Owner can have
same by paying expenses. 1SS9 Eddy st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old.
gold and silver to make new watch cases^,
MATRIMONIAL.. ___
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
3IATTR.ESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
antee'!. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. _^
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many, years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped r relief in
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments; fre»
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of fema'e complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.
RETURNED ,.
MRS. DAVIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will bn pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES* original
method or treatment; maternity home: borne
in- confinement. 1126 Market st. S. *F.
DR. TALCQTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market nt. corner Sixth: entire upper floor. %
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees/
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st. to
410 O'Farrell St.. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrpli st.. near Taylor.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOEH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tattles, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an-1
second hand; we always have a large stock o?
salt on outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can *hip everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1013. 1021, 102J
• Uissim st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 to
$U0; easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary
A — BUYS, Fell3 or rents gear, machinery,' en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW V 253-255 Spear st.
REMEMBER." the College Kennels has thor-
oughbred dogs and pups of all descriptions.
115 Haight st.
1301 COLUMBIA, Orient and other second-hand
bicycles cheap; send for list. LEAVITT _
BILL. 303 Larkln st.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold. exch. ; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
FINE counter. 60 feet, in four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. _ M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery . st.
A— T3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats.. $1 75. . Pop-
ular Price Hatters, o30 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE N Bults. J10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 43? Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Planing mill; doing good business.
Box 63. Call office. •
' ALLIGATOR leather lined grip3. $2 30. Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton st
FULL dres* suits, $10. Misfit Clothing Parlors
(upstairs).' 23 Stockton st. (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made uncalled-for pants. $2 50. Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). . 23 Stockton st.
15-HORSEPOWER engine and boiler; good as
new. . 316 Railroad ave.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes.
•- cheap TI. S. *A r HITE. 516 Mission st
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors fupstairs), 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all eizes. new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
MOVING nicture attachments for magic laa-
teins, $12 f.0. 153 Montgomery st
MISCEL-AX—OCS FOK »f -E—Cwi.
SAFES— New and' second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines an.l
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all length— and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
2D-HAKD machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand rnachin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS" 10-ton hay .scale: Jeweler's st?el.
lined safe, perfect order. 21S California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pi c .
tures. Bt7LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post gt.
aiISCE__AXEOUS WAXTS.
ALL stamped .checks bought: also documen-
tary and proprietary stamps. Room 100*.
Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Folsom 2T.22.
SlOXEY TO LOAx!
AX^MA^LVT^AlfToATrcOMPAXTr " ~"~"
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests la
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
¦ Undivided Interest in real estate la probate
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....!.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building-
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loan*
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bid*.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OL3EN. *
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. MS Market
Et ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third si.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, Jew t!ry.
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: teL Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave_, near
Geary St.; phone Red 1SC3.
$300— CERTIFICATE Realty Syndicate 10 per
cent discount. For particulars address P. O
box 47. Berkeley.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos -without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank tooki
in liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by prtvata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jonei.
¦ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 88.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before coins elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate: lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
MOXEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
OX salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 223 Sansome st. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indor?er. MORRELL. 609 Examlnir h'lWInr.
MOXEY WASTED.
PARTY would like to borrow money on dla-
monds. Bos 4852. Call office. _^^
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
THE ZENO~MAUVAIS~ MUSIC~CO^ '"
"S3 Market st,
San Francisco, CaL
' We are going to celebrate our twenty-fifth
anniversary in a short time, and e are go-
ing to present to tha public the finest line
of piano? that have ever been shown here.
We have on our floors a great many fine in-
struments that we are going to clear oS so
as to make room for the goods that are to
arrive shortly.
Come in and let us show you these fino
pianos and also let us tell you the price.
We won't put prices in here because we are
selling these specials so close, but don't miss
your chance; come and take advantage of this
sacrifice.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 good upright. $55; 1 better. $85.
2 good grands. $173, $195.
5 uprights. $135. $155, $180, $190. $198.
Also Conover, Steinway, Weber, "Vose. Curtas,
Decker Bros., Pease. Standard, little used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. $33; 1 7-stop. $44.
1 7-stop. $48: 1 fine like new, $64. -
1 2-manual. $73; 1 16-stop, Liszt style.
Mason & Hamlin, very fine. $150.
Easy payments. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chickerlng Agency.
14.000 sq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL plane* purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY _
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and havs full
price allowed. New upright oianos. $6 per
month: some sood pianos sold for $3, 14 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., SAn Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great- bar-
gain list. $50 up; Steinway, $1S3 up; Fischer.
$10C: Chlckering. $165; 20 others, rents 8 up;
great Inducements to q_antni T17 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t!m9
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
, price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER £ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1SS0.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett, Hardman, Packard.
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. (opp. Mason):
branch store. 951 Broadway, Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and Suleiman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY' S. 303. 310. 312 Post.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market si.
WANTED— Four good square pianos. BYRON
MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $130 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano:
owner must leave city. S04 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
- make: a sacrifice. Hornung's 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward — Fin* uprights. PIERCE" 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale. $93 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPKCTIAL. for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
B». PCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hay»».
STTPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
MliLLKR, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD «*>;v>nd-hand upright for sale cheap.
. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
A ~I>n? upright piano for sals cheap- S37
McAllister »t. J
A WEF.K'S new h for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi Terr". In wrnnn". for matttne- $1 rwr T»ar.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— New cigar store. Inquire 52$
Broadway, barber shop.
„> OIL.
OIL tsnks, second-band. In good order: all
•siren* rhoan. TT. 3. WTTTTP!. m» Mlw»|nn «».
PALMISTRY/ I'*; .
Chirologieal College— Character reading, _iag-
nosing, palmistry, chirology and graphology
taught: diplomas issued. Suite 451. Parrott big.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and fac«
readlnr- les— n« slvpo. «T7 Znr\*% st.
PIIYSICIAAS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce~ana r residence.
1021% Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; s_nltart__^
754-7S6 Ciay st. ; see testimonials at offlca.TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and .Heights of High and Low
Waters at , Fort . Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. 7 . . - U:
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the teity front (Mission-street i wharf) about
twenty-five minutest • later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both. places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 1—5 p. m.
The following ' maximum temperatures were
¦reported from' -stations in' California . to-day:
Eureka, 60; Mount . Tamalpais. 64; Independ
ence, 84; Red Bluff. 82; Fresno, 84; Los An
geles, 80; Sacramento, 82; San Luis Oblspo,
74; San Diego, 68. -<
San Francisco data: Maximum ¦ temperature,
64; minimum, 54; mean, 59.
Weather Report.
Sun rises 5:40
Sun sets ." «.... .¦....-,-.6:39
Moon rises 8:49 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ls the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE COAST RECORD.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily in Charge.
The pressure has risen' rapidly "over the
northwestern portion of the country and fallen
over Utah and Arizona. An area of abnormally
high pressure Is central off the Washington and
Oregon coast moving rapidly eastward.
. The : temperature has fallen' decidedly.- over
the northern half of the Pacific slope and risen
over -Central California. .-¦-.' 3S</KAU ;.'-.¦
¦ Light rain has fallen-.in^ Oregon -and 'Wash
ington. ' A 'thunderstorm is . reported -from.
Baker City. . • '"/- ; ' •¦- .':¦'.
• Forecast made at ¦ San Franciseo for thirty
hours ending midnight September, 2:.. -. . -.
' Northern California — Fair. Monday; warmer;
fresh northwest ¦wind. . .
Southern - California— Fair, warmer Monday;
light northwest wind... ¦;..--,'
Nevada — Fair Monday; fresh northwest wind.
San' ¦ Francisco ; and vicinity— Fair Monday,
warmer; fresh northwest wind.-' 1 . m < • .'
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS . AND. GENERAL
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from Havre; stmr 'Patria, from Oporto,
Lisbon and Azores;' stmr Tauric. ' from Liver
pool; 1 stmr City of Rome, from Glasgow. -
, QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr .' Saxo
nia I from Boston for Liverpool, and proceeded.
- BREMEN— Sailed r Sept 1— Stmr . Koenigsen
Lulse. for New York via Cherbourg.'.-^"
NEW .YORK— Arrived . Sept 1— Stmr ' Vader
land." from Antwerp., _ \ ¦ . . " ¦ •: . .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 31— Br stmr Manau
ense, from sea, . with broken shaft; stmr De
spatch, from San Pedro. .- " - - :
. Sailed Sept 1 — Stmr Lakme, for Eureka. - :
.PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sept" 1— Br
ship Godiva, from Callao: stmr Santa Ana, fm
Nome. • Arrived Sept 1 — Ship Hecla, f m Hono
lulu; Chil bark Otello, from Iqulque. ~ .
TACOMA — Arrived Sept. 1— Schr Expansion,
from Honolulu. ' .' • - sJ.
, SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Umatllla, for
Ban Francisco, v ¦
PORT LOS? ANGEX.ES— Arrived .Aujj 81—
Stmr San ' Mateo, . from Nanalmo. • - . - ' ¦
-EUREKA— SalledJ Sept 1—Stmrs North Fork
and Pomona, for San Francisco. f
ASTORIA— Arrived! Sept 1— Stmr Alliance, fm
Eureka; Ger ship Mabel Rickmers, from Hl
ogo; Br ship Falls of Halladale, from Valpa
'VoRT, BLAKELST— Arrived i ' Sept 1— Chil
bark Ema Louisa, Vrom Iqulque; schr Excel
sior, from San. Pedro; «chr Meteor, from San
Pedro. ¦¦ *•*-• : . .
•"• Sailed "Sept 1 — Schr Jas Rolph, for "Noumea;
echf RfE Godfrey, for San* Pedro. , : / ¦ >
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Aug 17—25- N, 130 W, Fr bark Col de Ville
bois Mareuil, from Swansea for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— September 1, 10 p m—Weath
er foggy;' wind w; .velocity 12 miles per hour.
. . • ¦' - • . ' ' • Sunday, September 1.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed.
Stmr Eureka, Jesen, Eureka.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennle,'- Honolulu. A ;'*2S8S1«
Stmr Oresronian, "Williams, Honolulu.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, Coos Bay. •¦','. ¦ ¦
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux. . • ?
Stmr Scotia, Walvlsr, Crescent City.
Nor ' stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Schr Ootatna, Semsen, , Coos Bay.-
Schr Dora Bluhm, Seymour,' Port Townsend.
SAILED.
Sunday, September 1.
* Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 18 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 11' days 4 hours fm
Pribilof Islands, via Dutch Harbor 10 days 6
hours. ¦ • " ¦ ¦ ' •* - ¦-¦
Stmr SeQUola, Wlnkel, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. *
Stmr Glnsy, Leland. 24 hours from Moss
Landing. .• ¦ • •
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 14 hours from Bear
Harbor. Up river direct. - ¦...•¦
Br stmr Bristol, Smith, 89 hours fm Comox.
Br ship Clan Mackenzie, MacMahon, 132 days
from Liverpool.
Br ship Cambrian Hills, Evans, 71 days from
Hull, via Newcastle, England, 129 days. .
Schr Jennie Griffln, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes. .
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours fm Bodega.
Shipping Intelligence.
-' ARRIVED.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ven
tura will be due from Australian," New
Zealand, Samoan and Hawaiian ports
to-day. :. •
The Spreckels tug > Defiance sailed for
Coquille River Saturday- night. She goes
north to assist in salving the British bark
Baroda that went- on the beach last
Thursday. , ¦
There were nine arrivals and seven de
partures up to 5 p. m. yesterday. Among
the latter were the Mariposa for Hono
lulu, colliers South Portland and Titanla
for Puget Sound, ' Oregonian for New
York, via Honolulu, and the Rosa
for southern ports. ~ f i
The British ship County of Haddington
is the only overdue quoted here.: She is
now out 211 days from New York for
Shanghai, and 90 per cent is being paid' on
her. The Cambrian King, a sister, ship
to the Cambrian Hills, which arrived
of August 17 at" 25 per cent." She is. 102
days out from Newcastle-on-Tyne for
Table Bay.
"Water Front Notes.
One of the smartest pieces of work ever
done on the front, considering the circum
stances, was the loading of the Mariposa
with 2000 tons of general merchandise in
a little more than thirty-six hours. The
vessel came down from the sugar, re
flnery,"coaled Friday morning, but it was
not until about noon that the work: of
loading actually began. The work went on
night and day, and by about 11 p. m.
Saturday the last ton was put aboard. To
Captain Howard, superintendent of the
company, belongs • the credit, for It was
he- that had brought order out) of the
chaos caused by the strike. .'
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa sailed for Honolulu on time yes
terday morninsr. Every ounce of her 2000
tons of cargo was stowed and .every
passenger aboard at 10 a. m., and Captain
Howard at once ordered . the gangway
taken in. Twenty-five minutes later the
mail boat was passing Me'iggs wharf and
by 11 a. m. had said good bye to the pilot
and was headed full speed for Honolulu.
The full list cf the Mariposa's cabin
passengers was given in yesterday morn
ing's Call. V „ - . .
Departure of the Mariposa.
The steamship Homer arrived early yes
terday morning unexpectedly from the
Pribilof Islands. {She is under" charter
to the North American Commercial Com
pany and went north to bring home the
season's take of sealskins. Judging from
the number brought home by the Homer
the weather must-have been very bad on
St. George Island and the catch • was
small. Only 5572 skins were .taken there,
while on St. Paul Island 17,100 were taken.
Beside these the Homer brought down
twenty-five bundles of whalebone, a box
of fox and other skins,, thirteen bundles
of furs and fifteen barrels of fox skins.
Captain Donaldson called at Dutch Har
bor on the way home and made the run
from t there in ten days six hours. r : A
number of employes of the company came
home on the steamship.
Back From Seal Islands.
-.-¦ FROMSEATTLE. ........ -
The: French bark Anjou sailed from
Newcastle-on-Tyne five days, the British
ship Armlda twenty-five days and the
Italian ship Francisco Ciampa forty-eight
days before the Cambrian Hills, and are
etill on the way. The Ciampa sprang a
leak, however, and on March '25 last had
to put Into Gibraltar. The leak was slight
and was easily stopped. On April 18 she
made another start, having been detained
twenty-four days. ) ~
Took the- pilot on Saturday, August 81, to
the eastward of Point Reyes. Anchored at 9:30
p. m. off the north head in a thick' fog. Spoka
the- new French bark Colonel.de VHlebois
Mareull'- August 17 in latitude "25 north, longi
tude 130 west} ¦/
Captain. McMahon In his report says:
Sighted the ship Clan MacKenzie August 26
and daily thereafter to port. Sighted the Far
allones August 31 and anchored inside the bar
In a thick fog. .Towed to port September 1.
The Cambrian Hills had thus recovered
her lost ( ground, but light and j variable
winds were now the order of the day. .In
these the latter must be the better boat,
for in Captain Evans' reports appears the
following: ¦. . •. - -¦. . V. '
The Clan MacKenzie sailed from Liver
pool for San Francisco on April 22 with a
general cargo and the Cambrian Hills
from Newcastle-on-Tyne April 25, with a
cargo of coal, coke, pig Iron and flre
bricks. . The former crossed the equator
in the Atlantic on May 22 and the Cam
brian Hills followed ' her six days later.
The Clan MacKenzie thus gained three
days on the. first leg. Both vessels were
two "days In a very heavy gale off the
Straits of Magellan, and on July 6 the
Cambrian Hills rode out a storm in which
the barometer went down to 28.50. Heavy
gales, accompanied by snow, -was the lot
of the crews' of the two vessels rounding
the Horn, and then on July 31 the Mac-
Kenzie crossed the equator in the Pacific
and three days later was followed by the
Cambrian Hills. -\ • / s '
Two British ships made port yesterday
morning after passages that were almost
identical. Ona . sailed from England threa
days ahead of ihe other, and it was a nip
and tuck race all the way. until August 25,
when both met off the coast. After that
they spoke each other . every day until
they cast anchor si^e by side in' the bay.
British^ Ships Clan MacKenzie and Cambrian Hills Have
Nearly Identical Voyages From England and Arrive Al
most at SameTime inSan Francisco Bay, Latter Winning
SPEAK EACH OTHER DAILY
DURING CLOSE OF RACE
GRAND HOTEL.
C S'Hili. Colo _ A. Palmer. Raymond' .
Mrs Dana & c,~ Mass Daisy, Curtz, Loope
5 W Crystal, Vacaville L A Chalmers. LoopV"
E J Stanton. L Ang H W Curtz, Loope .
M J Newburg,- Stanfrd FlCox. Berkeley ...'.'¦
C P LilUs, Stanford ft McMillan, Berkeley
J S King, Stanford Mrs Slmms, Chlco -
Dr L A Noyse, Vt Pr'Basford.fe wife .
W H Proctor N Y H Demmlck, Vallejo
9 Man, Wash :.- . D Clouse, Vallejo '
ff H Katt. Visalla iW O* Moor. Chicago
H M Oeden, i Portland d Donohue, Iowa
,P E Biggs. Gridley ff" J McCarthy. L Ang
!W O Spear, Phila* . S R Park,; Salt Lake
H C Clark, U S A Bertha Booth, Utah
B Thomas, Delano ¦•¦'" H F Walter, • Fresno '
J Mathena. Sac to - L Thrasher & w.'-Wls
J White. Benlcla . L F Clinton
Misa White, Benlcla A Supplee. TJ S A.
R P Qulnn, Watsonvlll A J Kuster.'Mlnn
Dr N M Babod, L Ang W- Gilkestrom.'-* Seattle
A W Baldwin & w. Cal G E ShlHig. Marysville
L Lee, Henean . A Bang, Fresno
P Walker, Watsonville E W Curtis, Woodland
J Lauretzen, Salinas H F Dent, .Cal ,
I M ' Shaffer, ; Kern ,^ ¦
PALACE HOTEL.
M Ginsberg; ', Cinn ¦¦.•.'" F " G ' Waterman Cal ¦'
M Mess & w, Yokoham J Ray & w 8 L Oblsp
Miss Neville, Tokoham J G French, St Louis
J G Wagner, Berkeley P P Chase, • Boston •
W H Reynolds. U S N A B Chase. Boston '
M HerzoK, New York J B Walker Jr N T '-¦
A B McCutchen. L An Dr J V H Baker NT
Mrs C M Wood, L An Dr L A Cort, N T
J Chapman & w, L An Mrs L A Culnet, N T
Miss A Chapman. LAn Mrs' SB Ostander ' NT
Miss M Chapman. -LAn Mrs E B Havens # N T
F R Cunningham, 'LAn Mrs A Burns NT
H. P Anderson, L Ang Mr & Mrs Ball Engld
D C Wallace Jr, L An J Franklin, NY
M C • Manchester, ¦ Neb J P; Kurtz & w N T
F C Lusk, Chico B Oppenhelmer. Chica*
MaJ J G Warren, USA A -Marcus ~&^ w ' . M eiUo
J H Smith, Milwaukee E A Godding. N T '
F W Ehrhart & w.NY W Brenner & w • N T-
C L Ehrhart,"N Y -•" RE Jack. S L Obispo
Miss T A Ehrhart. NT C W Hunt. Iowa
G W Everett; DC, W A • Gulland, ' London
W C Mann, Ecuador W P Pritchard, Seattle
H O Spear, Phlla . -
NEW ¦ WESTERN HOTEL.
H Partington. Cal ••¦£> A' Anderson. Oakland '¦
B F Weale, Cal s : H Morelindx San Jose
L L Banntie, Denver J McGeagle, - Portland
T W Rante, Los An? J Mulroy, Ingleside -• :
J N: Stephens, Texas ., R L Humeston. Rialto
A Rehmeyer.'VLosAng H'Freeland, Tacoma
F R - Flynn, = Portland • J Byrne, Chicago •• .- T
J Peterson. El' Paso;' J R Smith, Boston
CMurdock.-GlIroy • ' H McFarland." St Cru*
Serg Cassidy. • Presidio PJ Kennedy, Ls Ang'
F,J Martin. Alcatraa .- ._. ¦ -. , ;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1901.
9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
North Fork."..'.
Curacao....:*...
Corona.........
Pomona....'....
.Ventura..,.,...
Humboldt ........ .V..'... Sept. -8
Mexican - Ports . ....¦.;.. Sept x .2
Redondo "* Way Ports Sept. ' 2
Humboldt ...:...:...... Sept. 2
Sydney & "Way. . Ports. Sept, %
Australia Tahiti Sept. S
China China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Mackinaw..;... Seattle Sept. 3
Horda Oyster Harbor .' Sept. 3
XJmatlUa Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 4
Eureka Humboldt .". .'. Sept. 4
Milton Nanalmo Sept. 4
Crescent. City.. Crescent'City 3ept. 3
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & "Way Pts. Sept. 5
"Washtenaw.... Tacoma Sept. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 6
Pcmoi-a ., Humboldt Sept. 7
Ccrona.......... Redondo & "Way Ports. Sept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 9
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 11
:eamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mandalay....
Arcata..
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
Robt. Dollar.
Walla Walla.
Rainier
Coronado
North Fork...
Pomona
Guatemala...
Corona
H'k'g Maru..
- September 2. - ¦ .
Coquille River .... 10 am;
Coos Bay 13 m
Humboldt 10 am
Point Arena 2 pm
September 3.
Seattle & Hadlock 5 pm
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Puget Sound Ports .......
Grays Harbor
September 4.
Humboldt 9 am
Humboldt - 1:30 p
Valparaiso & Way 12 m
Redondo & "Way... 9 am
China & Japan.... 1 pm
September O. ..
Humboldt '. 9 am
Nome & St Michael 2 pm
September 7. .
Mexican Ports ..'..10 am
Panama & Way.. 12 m
HambMrg & Way.. 12 m
Septembers.
San Diego & Way. 9 am
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Pwllst
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 1
Pier —
Pier a
Pier 2
Pier i
I
Pier a
Pier .' 0
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
Eureka.......
St. Paul
Pier 13
Pier —
Curacao......
San Jose
fcerapis
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 21
Santa Rosa...
Umatllla
Pier 11
Pier 9
Inai
Ion.
*lty of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. :
Senator Nome direct Sept. :
lumbpldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. :
Cottage City... Skaguay & "Way Ports: Sept. •
farallon ; SUaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. I
Jhas. Nelson.. Skaguay &TVay Ports. Sept. I
Jolphln Skaguay A Way Ports. Sept. I
Jueen.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. '
'ortland.w Nome & St. -.rMfnbael.-. Sept. II
iertha Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. H
Tim* Time Time - Time
Date Ft. ". 4 Ft. Ft.- Ft.
h tv ¦ ¦-. . z,\\r . h w i: t. yr
Y7.. 1:56 6.0 7:30 1.5 1:52 6.7-8:16 0.3
3... 2:59 4.7 8:11 2.0 2:38 5.7 % »:20 0.2
4 ... 4:11 4.4 9:06 2.5 3:28 5.7 10:30 0.2
5 ... 6:29 4.2 10:09 2.8 4:26 5.6 11:41 0.1
6... 6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6
'¦ LI* "W ¦ H TV L. W H TV
7 ...] 0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 5.5
8... 1:49— 0.1 8:51 4.7 1:48 2.7 7:54 5.5
STATIONS.
•ft
2
a
fiftfiii
: 3 : 3 &a,
m
I*
IS-
A
1
3
Astoria. 30.24 64 56 W Clear .00
Baker 29.98 70 60 N"W Cloudy .02
Carson.... 29.96 68 68 SW Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 30.20 60 54 NW Clear .00
Fresno... 29.94 88 54 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 80.02 80 42 " SW aear .00
Focatello, Idaho...29.74 84 56 W Clear .00
Independence 29.70 '84. E6 "W Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.92 80 60 W Clear '.00
Phoenix 29.72 104 72-NW Clear .00
Portland.... 30.12 68 60 E .Cloudy .13
Red Bluff........ ...30.00 82 64 . NE Ft Cldy T.
Roseburg.. 30.20 66 56 W Pt Cldy .74
Sacramento...- 80.00 ..82. 58. SE : Clear - ¦• ¦ .00
Salt Lake ...... .29.72 «84 62 SE Clear ¦ .00
San Francisco.. ....3Q.06 64 54 W Clear •- T.
San Luis Oblspp...30.02 74 52 W Clear- .00
San Diego 29.94 68 60 . NW Clear -.00
Seattle.... .-.\30;16 62 58 W Rain " T.
Spokane.. .....29.9S 74 64 S "" Cloudy • .00
NeahBay ..30.18 60 52' NW Oear •" '.20
Walla Walla.. ....;30.02 68'64'S "Rain .16
Wlnnemucca 29.84 72 68 W '. Cloudy .00
Tuma ....29.72 104 68 W. Clear .00
Tim* Time Time - Time
Date Ft. ". 4 Ft. Ft.- Ft.
h tv ¦ ¦-. . z,\\r . h w i: t. yr
Y7.. 1:56 6.0 7:30 1.5 1:52 6.7-8:16 0.3
3... 2:59 4.7 8:11 2.0 2:38 5.7 % »:20 0.2
4 ... 4:11 4.4 9:06 2.5 3:28 5.7 10:30 0.2
5 ... 6:29 4.2 10:09 2.8 4:26 5.6 11:41 0.1
6... 6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6
'¦ LI* "W ¦ H TV L. W H TV
7 ...] 0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 5.5
8... 1:49— 0.1 8:51 4.7 1:48 2.7 7:54 5.5
STATIONS.
•ft
2
a
fiftfiii
: 3 : 3 &a,
m
I*
IS-
A
1
3
Astoria. 30.24 64 56 W Clear .00
Baker 29.98 70 60 N"W Cloudy .02
Carson.... 29.96 68 68 SW Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 30.20 60 54 NW Clear .00
Fresno... 29.94 88 54 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 80.02 80 42 " SW aear .00
Focatello, Idaho...29.74 84 56 W Clear .00
Independence 29.70 '84. E6 "W Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.92 80 60 W Clear '.00
Phoenix 29.72 104 72-NW Clear .00
Portland.... 30.12 68 60 E .Cloudy .13
Red Bluff........ ...30.00 82 64 . NE Ft Cldy T.
Roseburg.. 30.20 66 56 W Pt Cldy .74
Sacramento...- 80.00 ..82. 58. SE : Clear - ¦• ¦ .00
Salt Lake ...... .29.72 «84 62 SE Clear ¦ .00
San Francisco.. ....3Q.06 64 54 W Clear •- T.
San Luis Oblspp...30.02 74 52 W Clear- .00
San Diego 29.94 68 60 . NW Clear -.00
Seattle.... .-.\30;16 62 58 W Rain " T.
Spokane.. .....29.9S 74 64 S "" Cloudy • .00
NeahBay ..30.18 60 52' NW Oear •" '.20
Walla Walla.. ....;30.02 68'64'S "Rain .16
Wlnnemucca 29.84 72 68 W '. Cloudy .00
Tuma ....29.72 104 68 W. Clear .00
:eamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mandalay....
Arcata..
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
Robt. Dollar.
Walla Walla.
Rainier
Coronado
North Fork...
Pomona
Guatemala...
Corona
H'k'g Maru..
- September 2. - ¦ .
Coquille River .... 10 am;
Coos Bay 13 m
Humboldt 10 am
Point Arena 2 pm
September 3.
Seattle & Hadlock 5 pm
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Puget Sound Ports .......
Grays Harbor
September 4.
Humboldt 9 am
Humboldt - 1:30 p
Valparaiso & Way 12 m
Redondo & "Way... 9 am
China & Japan.... 1 pm
September O. ..
Humboldt '. 9 am
Nome & St Michael 2 pm
September 7. .
Mexican Ports ..'..10 am
Panama & Way.. 12 m
HambMrg & Way.. 12 m
Septembers.
San Diego & Way. 9 am
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Pwllst
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 1
Pier —
Pier a
Pier 2
Pier i
I
Pier a
Pier .' 0
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
Eureka.......
St. Paul
Pier 13
Pier —
Curacao......
San Jose
fcerapis
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 21
Santa Rosa...
Umatllla
Pier 11
Pier 9
Inai
Ion.
*lty of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. :
Senator Nome direct Sept. :
lumbpldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. :
Cottage City... Skaguay & "Way Ports: Sept. •
farallon ; SUaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. I
Jhas. Nelson.. Skaguay &TVay Ports. Sept. I
Jolphln Skaguay A Way Ports. Sept. I
Jueen.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. '
'ortland.w Nome & St. -.rMfnbael.-. Sept. II
iertha Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. H
Australia Tahiti Sept. S
China China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Mackinaw..;... Seattle Sept. 3
Horda Oyster Harbor .' Sept. 3
XJmatlUa Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 4
Eureka Humboldt .". .'. Sept. 4
Milton Nanalmo Sept. 4
Crescent. City.. Crescent'City 3ept. 3
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & "Way Pts. Sept. 5
"Washtenaw.... Tacoma Sept. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 6
Pcmoi-a ., Humboldt Sept. 7
Ccrona.......... Redondo & "Way Ports. Sept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 9
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
North Fork."..'.
Curacao....:*...
Corona.........
Pomona....'....
.Ventura..,.,...
Humboldt ........ .V..'... Sept. -8
Mexican - Ports . ....¦.;.. Sept x .2
Redondo "* Way Ports Sept. ' 2
Humboldt ...:...:...... Sept. 2
Sydney & "Way. . Ports. Sept, %
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st,;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ¦ -' ¦¦
PACIFIC Storage and- Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore nt.: phone Jackson 281. #
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for f«ss money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. C36 California; telephone Main,266.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes.' at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, " No.' 33, of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 433 Califor-
nia st., San Francisco, on September 10, 1901.
Transfer books close September 3, 1901, at
noon. JULIAN SONNTAG, Secretary pro
tern.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION of protest— Captain M. C. Holdt.
master of the Hamburg ship- "Vasco da
Gama" (It. I. Q. S.), will.. extend his protest
on Wednesday. September 4, 1901, at 10:30
o clock a. m., at the office of the Imperial
German Consulate in this city, 318 Sacramento
street. ROSENTHAL. .
jf Imperial German Consul General."
San -Francisco. August 30, 190L
rERSO.VALS.
IF ycur hair is falliuc or you are bald, call
en DR. U. S. JIOORl-:. 832 OFsrrell et., and
you will not be disappointed: this remedy ls
poF.tu-ely guaranteed: preparation sent to all
rarta of the world; call or send for circular.
117 00— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror
$1— Soim oak chair; factory price.
*-— Enamel beds, all eizes. Tel. Folsom 1228
Carey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th!
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms-
E5C to $1 SO nor night; $1 50 to $6 per week'
tree bus and bag-gage to and from the ferry!
$1 V.EEKLY-Suits to order " from genuine
Scotch. $la up; fine dress suits, $20 up- ele-
pant overcoats. fl5 up. LEON . LEMOS* 1117
gt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— THE Electric' Needle Specialist. MPK T
BARRETT-WILSON. 1023 Market! k ? r*rmal
nrntly removes superfluous hair; free demon-
stration.
MAN of pood, steady, sober habits, good posi-
tion wishes to correspond with widow with
capital; object, matrimony. Box 73, Call.
HONEST man wishes acquaintance with nice
rirl or widow of means with view to early
marriage. A. C. HANSEN. box .77, Call office.
* WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
m*n^i?^ EASTERN OUTFrTT»XG
CO.. Lil0-Ul2 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
LADIES-<3et free trial Dlxon's Hair Remover-
S35 Market; sample mailed 25c. '
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years experience. J. B. Ray. 836 Mission st.
°? E Tr^T !%£*?£?¦? dietln ?:no weakening. THE
A \ IDA CO.. 736 A alencla st.. bet. ISth and ISth.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c ; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
_halr_to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS iiir and mwra ursiroyea with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TA r IL P R " MADE Eultfs . f> 55; dress pants. $2 50.
aiteflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J.,R. JKNKEL,. K17 Market st. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. OOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 M*t.
PLAXHC AND Tt'HXIXC MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing; Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st,
REAL ESTATE— CITY—POR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ~ ™™
667 Market St.,
Opposite Kearny St.,
Real Estate Agents.
5175,000— Market St.. near Sixth: 50-foot front-
age; fine b»ick building; rents $755.
$100,000— Corner; 275x137:6: splendid improve-
ments; Market Et. ; rents $"61; fine building.
J51.0C0— Sixth Et. corner; Hi blocks from
Market Et.; rents ?3:5; fine building.
J55.0C0— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodg-lr.g-houses; rent $2G0 net.
$42,000 — Sutier-st. corner, east of Jones St.;
8 frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; 80 feet
front. .
J40.000— Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130 feet;
rents about $C50: want offer.
J40.000 — Devisadero-st. business corner; two
stores and seven flats; rents $305.
S37.S00— Ellis St., close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about J280C.
SS5.000 — Mission St., near Fourth; fine brick
building-; one tenant; rent $250.
124,000— Cash invested in real estate vicinity -
Alhambra Theater; will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $230: one tenant.
J17.5C0 — Main St.. near Mission; cheapest buy
in this choice district.
$15,000 — New Pacific-ave. flats; unobstructed
marine view; 30 ft. frontage; rents $145.
$15,000 — Sansome-fct. corner; wholesale dis-
trict: 25 feet frontage; rents $110.
J7500 — Four new Cats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence within 130 feet Just sold for
$5800— Comer; S."W. cor. Vallejo and Pierce
ets. ; 43x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights.
$1950 — Two fiats, only one-half . block from
Market «. ; rents $40; cost $7500.
5350C— A rare buy; 8-room house and lot, one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market Et.
TWO choice tunny corners; Just the location
for Cats that never will be vacant; will pay
big Interest; surrounded with nice homes and
very desirable: Union and Pierce sts., north-
west corner, 27:6x110: street work done; ba-
Falt blocks; etone pavement; suitable for 6
fiats; JC750.
Pierce and Filbert sts.. north of Union; 36x
f2:€: street work done: Filbert is bitumenized;
4 flats can be built; J2C50.
Both these corners are easy of access by the
TTnion-st. cable cars and any one wanting to
Increase their income will buy these lots.
W. J. GUXX. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde a* far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
TV. J. GUNN. E30 California et.. S. F. Sav-
ings Union bulldinz.
OWNERS cf , property on Valencia. Guerrero
or Mission Fts. who ¦wish to sell call on W.
J. GUNN, E30 California st.
£IX, eeven and eight room cottages; also two
flat bouses in block between 17th. ISth. Castro
end Noe sts.: hi. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st, cars. F. XEL-
EON. builder.
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
country, brine it to
THE PHELPS-LEVTIS CO..
. 702 Market gt.. S. F.
HOUSE No. 2tP9 Mission St., near 20th, for sale;
to be removed. Apply 128 Chattanooga Et.
BUSH, 1225— Nice large residence: could be turned
into flat*: very sunny; 30x137:6; call and see.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — ForSnle
SPECIAL bargain— ICO acres land, near Tuba
City. Sutter County, ehort distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; pood buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold in whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rick valley land; ' good
buildings; well . fenced : short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be eold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are eituated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and Fhould
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers w!Il address box 4S80, Call office,
for Information a bargain will be given.
• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — Z
Small tracts. ?60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Francisco ls growing: rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 202 California et., for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WIICFIKLP. Petalnma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAJfJEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— New cottage of 6 rooms, now" build-
Ing; 13S1 VTeber et. J. H. TOUNG, 1243 Park
et., Alameda.
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2500 — A FINE new two-etory house of S rooms,
large lot; etreet work all done; near the new
high EChooL
$2000— New house of 5 rooms; lot EOxlSO;
fine barn, near high school.
$1400— House of S rooms; lot 60x130: near
schoolhcuse.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley.
13000 — DO you want a bargain? Just look at
this; fine bouse and lot, house In perfect
order, containing € rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100; etreet work all done;
only one block from Ftatlon. and within 6
clnutes of university grounds.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
1*300 — NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with 'window shades, combination
fixtures, pas and electric lighting; corner lot;
etreet work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only $1400— 5-room house, large lot. within
walking distance of university.
JOS. J. MASON, .
« Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
EPECIAL BARGAINS
REAL SNAPS.
Call aad See These Fine New Houses.
$3250— New borne of 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
just completed; close in town.
$4000— New bouse of 8 rooms and bath; must be
cold: fine location.
$C00— New house. S rooms and bath; en a fine
residence street.
jUeo a number of new homes In course of con-
struction.
A. J. ENTDER.
'^'f.':''' r : «CT Ninth gt.. Oakland.
FOR Bale — Modern well built 7-room : 2-story
house. Just completed; lot 50x150; fine loca-
tion on Tenth ave., EaEt Oakland; one block
from car line; i 15 minute service to ' Broad-
way; ehort distance to grammar, school; rea-
sonable walking distance from 4 churches;
rood neighborhood; elevated, ground; 'price
and tens* reasonable. Inquire of B. H.
WELCH. Owner, Fifth ave. and Eighteenth «L
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — — ! .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
REDUCED to $5500 for a quick sale; elegant
modern home: sunny corner, only one block
from station: 10 rooms; elegant view; finely
finishe-d basement: 5-foot brick foundation;
eteam furnace. 2 bathe: house newly paint-
ed: convenient and prominent location for a
local physician or business man; lot 50x100;
lawn front and back; shade trees, flowers and
shrubbery: cost $11,000; a fine investment, j
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
J ; - ¦*.*¦: v j . loos Broadway, Oakland:
$1SOO— In Piedmont: modern Eastlake cottagi!
of 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, high basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny
ride; elevated ground ; choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold on- monthly pay-
ments if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for this Property,
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of 6 fine, large, sunny rooms; porcelain
bath and sink; elevated :ot; 40x150 (note tho
size) near Grove Et; street work all done; a
pretty cosy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
$1600—1100 DOWN, balance small monthly pay-
ments; two-story, 8-roomed /house, with bath,
hall, bay window, basement, etc., all newly
painted, papered and tinted; In flrst-class
condition; north or sunny side; 3 blocks from
local station: street work all • done; stone
walks In front and about the house; Insured
for $1200: bank loan now $1100; can be in-
Vreased; good neighborhood; clcss to schools,
churches and train; chance to get a big bar-
gain if taken at once; title perfect: rent
value $15 per «month; only $1600 on monthly
payments-; liberal discount for quick cash
sale; house not occupied and can be seen at
any time; investigate at once; keys at the
office of • «
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for this Property,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— NEARING completion, cozy G-roomed
cottasre, with high basement; brick founda-
tion and every modern convenience; will fin-
ish the house to suit the buyer; lot 35x100
feet: sunny side; street work all done; easy
terms if desired; can have more land to the
extent of 100 feet adjoining at a moderate
Trice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FURNITURE FORJsALB^
AN introduction to you from Hi Schellhaas. tho
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOJIS^O^HOJ^EKEJEPIXG.^^
CASTRO, 429, near Seventeenth— 2 private
housekeeping; furnished complete; lawn;
flowers; no children.
ESSEX, 12 (Rlncon Hill)— Large sunny room
for 2 gentlemen; also housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM, 620— Reopened, large rooms on first
floor for families with children; large ground.
GEARY, 5C9— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Alcove and kitchen
complete; furnished; adults only.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny handsome parlor; modern;
mantel; grate; gas range; phone; bath; $13.
LEAVENWORTH. 207— Nicely furnished sunny
light housekeeping rooms, $8 to $12.
MINNA, 2S— 3 sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms and single rooms.
OAK. 119— Two sunny parlors, furnished for
housekeeping: yard, range, gas. 2 beds.
O'FARRELL. 917— Three nice unfurnished
housekeeping rooms and bath and use of
laundry. - - i
PACIFIC ave., 1618. near Polk— Beautiful large
sunny room, furnished or unfurnished, for
married couple pr ladies, and use of kitchen
if desired. -
POWELL, 1401—2 or 3 large sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath; sink.
SOLAR FLATS, 525 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
ROOMS TO LET- — Furn. and Gnfnrn,
AIi£60RN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, DOc up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nlshed rooms, ?1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central. . . ...
BURNETT. 1426 Market Cold No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 826 — House Just being furnished; ele-
gant apartments and rooms, $8 to $20.
EIGHTH, 126B— 2 pleasant . front rooms, $6
each; top floor.
ELLIS. S25 — Single and double room; furnished;
bath ; gas ; reasonable.
FELL, 26— Three rooms, partly furnished;
running water; near Market.
FOLSOM, 776% — Neatly furnished bay-window
room; every convenience; reasonable.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 818A— Nice front bay-window room
¦with bath, suitable for two gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1130, lower flat— Fur-
nished back parlor; also another room.
HARRISON. 7S4%, near Fourth— Finely fur^
nlshed rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up. :: - - . ¦ •
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
5Cc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD, 922— One sunny bay-window room
with or without board; private house; rates
reasonable; reference wanted.
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4. $5 per month; housekeeping, $9.
JESSIE, 433— Nice sunny furnished front rooms
to let.
LAGUNA. 1123, facing Jefferson square — 2 sun-
ny rooms and board; gentlemen; private.
LEAVENWORTH. 219— Nicely furnished sunny
parlor; running 1 water; grate; other rooms;
no children. .
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient; for travelers; baths. |
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MASON, 107— Nicely furnished rooms, en suite
or single; $1 SO per week up. •
MINXA 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per "week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms .and
offices; elevator; dec, lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 8S2 — Elegantly, furnished ' sunny
rooms, en eulte and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suites
and elngle rooms, $3 week up; transient. .
ROYAL House, 126 Elite— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 85c, to $150; week, $2 to
SJ; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. •
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth et.,
near Market — Furnished or .unfurnished. .
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
elngle rms.: run. ¦water; baths; phone; cheap.
EUMNER. 10, off Howard, near Eighth— 4
rooms to let; rent $9. Apply 430 Vallejo st.
SUTTER, 309— Changed hands; 'rooms from
$1 50 up per week. «
TAYLOR, 23S— Elegantly furnished rooms;
houee Just opened; fine suite, $25; everything
new.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
$1 10 WEEK— Largo sunny furnished room;
closet; bath. Call by 8 p. m. at 834 Folsom st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.' "~
SUNNY, well furnished rooms; grate and sta-
. tionary wasbstand; refined home; excellent
table; use of parlor, piano, phone; references
exchanged; eend for fuller particulars. Home,
box 24. Call office. __v .
BEAUTIFUL sunny parlor and flrst-class
board for two; $55 per mo. 938 Geary st. .
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
lly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists, v ¦
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors.
-all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
THE3 Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
roomi. Rlngle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 206 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold/ rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates;phone Mint 45. 115 Sixth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.: tel. Howard 941. F,»W. ZEHFUSS. ¦
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office PoEt and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. .
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage, depot
quartermaster's office, 38 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, Cal., August 31, 1901—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
at this office until 10 o'clock a, m., Tuesday,
September 17, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing D. B. cloth, rus-
set calfskin shoes, hat cords, white muslin
shirts, linen collars, Berlla-gloves,- brown cot-
ton stockings, waist belts and trumpet cords.
Quantities to be subject to 20 per cent Increase
if desired by this department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of 'the same articles
. at either the Sap Francisco, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the articles
to be furnished bidders will carefully examine
the standard samples and specifications, so
that proposals may ' be submitted by them
with a full knowledge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
standards and specifications will be insisted
upon in the inspection of the goods. Unguar-
anteed bids and bids upon samples differing
from standards and specifications will under
no- circumstances be entertained. Proposals
for less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for delivery or inspection
at other points than those named above will
not be considered. Early deliveries are essen-
tial. Bidders must state In their proposals
the rate and time of delivery should contract
be awarded to them. The articles advertised
for are the same for which bids will be open-
ed at the other depots. Preference will be
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, -conditions of price and quality
being equal (Including in the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will be given to arti-
cles of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of the consumption required by the public
service there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposals No. 7998," and addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS.
BORN. %
ALLEN— In this city, September 1, 1900, to the
wife of Robert Allen, a daughter. ,-
CAIN— In this city, . September 1, 1901, to the
wife of George H. Cain, a son. ?
MEAKIN— In this city. August 23, 1901, to the
wife of Edgar Thomas Meakln. a daughter.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
WATERS— CHAMPLIN— At the home of the
groom s mother, in Oakland, September 1
1901. by the Rev. Mr. Slaughter. Flavlus G
Waters of San Francisco and Miss Dora M.
Champlin of Hanford, Cal.
MARRIED.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from N. S. G. W.
Hall,- 414 Mason street, where the services
will be held under the auspices of Pacific
Parlor No.' 10, N. S. G. W. Remains at the
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission tstreet.
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. . . . , -
CUMMINGS— In this city, August. 31, 1901, in-
fant daughter of Bryan and Mary Cummings'
a native of San Francisco.
DAVIS— In this city, August 31, 1901.. at his res-
idence; 19 Oak Grove avenue, Rees'O. Davis
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth M. Da-
vis, and beloved father of Charles, William,
Louis, Margaret, Robert and Emma Davis)
and brother of John and Charles Davis, a na-
| tlve of Janesville, Wisconsin, aged 48 years
and 18 days. A member of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 204. I. O. O. F.. and Golden West Lodge
No. 2G4, A. O. U. W. "Ju S e
IC7 Friends and acquaintances ' ate respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 19 Oak Grove avenue, off Harrison
street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence ' to.
Odd' Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh . an#
Market streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
204, I. O. O. F. Cremation I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ., .
DANIELS— In thls^.city. September 1,' 1901.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1036 Howard street, between Sixth and
Seventh. Interment New Salem Cemetery by
3:30 o'clock train.
CORBETT— In this city, September 1, 1901.
Fred W. Corbett. dearly beloved son of Ella
and the late William Corbett. a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years.
CONNELL— In this city, August 30, 1901, Ellen
Connell, a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aired
63 years. " v
(C7Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), frcm the parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish, 29 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, .Hayes street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Santa Clara, Cal.
CREAMER— In this city, August 81, 1901,
James Henry Creamer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years 5 months and 29 days.
¦ E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence to 3:40 p. m. train. Southern Pacific
station, corner of Twenty-flfth and Valencia
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COHN— In this city, August 31, 1901, Nathan,
beloved husband of Pauline Cohn, a native
of Germany, aged 70 years.
DIED. % '
Connell, Ellen McRae, Catherine
Creamer. James H. Montgomery, John J.
Cohn. Xathan Nelson, Annie
Corbett. Fred W. ' Potts, Thomas
Curnmings. Infant Revington, Ida F.
Davis, Rees O. k Remington, Edwd. C.
Daniels, Louise > Rosenthal, David
Dunham, Herriett A. Reldt. Minna
Erickson, C. O, Reagh. Annie M.
Heath, William R. x Schmidt, Edward B.
Heineman, Chas. A. \ Snoek, Abe
Henderson, Sarah Smith, Francis C
Hall. Charlotte Talbot, Mrs. Mary
Kirchner, Anna M. Thornton, Patrick J.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ' a
DANIEL" P. DONOVAN, M(?r.
.FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 .Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. ¦
Telephone South 80. v v
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
Ean Mateo County.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET.
Samuel. McFaddcn, 18 years . manager for
the • United . Undertakers' Association:" M.
J. McBrearty, with the same company for
30 years; P. F. Green, late with jr. C.
O Connor & Co., have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 44.",
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
AUCTION SALES
jfv-^ At auction I will sell 1 car of choice
A-* ¦ all-purposed Horses, 1 handsome spotted
saddle horse. 1 span fine mules, also large. as-
sortment of wagons, buggies and harness, at
1140 Folsom st.. Tuesday, September 3. 11 a. m.
S. WATKINS.. Auctioneer.
R ATT, WAT TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
¦Srmtum loitt* »n<l urn <luo l« wrrlv* m£\
-. MAN ntANClM<:«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
uat» — From Jcxt 14. 190L — Aitarra •
7<4Oa Benidm, Sulann. Kdmlra and Sacra-
mento... 6:S3*
?»0©a V»ca»ille, Winters. Ramsey ?*M*
<tSOA Mutiucz. San lUaion, Vallejo, Ntpa.
Callstoga. and Santa. Rosa 0s2Sr
8:OOa Da-. la. Woodland, Knlgnts Landing.
Maijsfille. Orotllla.. 7ia.1»
' 8i«O* AUantio Kzpresi— Ogden and But I2:23r
»'"«* Hue*. Lathrop. Stockton ?i23r
•iOOa NUea, Maodota, Hanford, ViMlU.
Porturrule 4s33»
j StS*A Shasta Express— Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett SprlcgsX WiUowg. Red
Blufl. P«ttl»ni 7i»3»
. MIlBiu Joi«, Uvermore, Stockton,
- j , lone, Haeraineoto, FlaceiTilloL
M«rjm»IU«. Cbico. Red WnfZ 4.S5r
•<rOA Oakdale, Chinese (Ycsemite). Ho-
" nor*. Carter.! 4i23p
t»«© a Hay wsrd, NUti and Way Buttons.. 1 1 sMa
•i«*a Vallejo I3s23r
»it«i Los Angeles Express — Msjrtines.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
FrMDO nod Los Ajjgules 7:23*
i«I»* Vsllejo. Martines aud W*jr Btatloai 7>33r
I OiOHa The Overland Limited— Osdso, Dea- '
¦¦<' -.- ?«. Ouiafaa. Chicago •tSSr
TliOOr Saerameoto Ki>er Uteamera ISiOOa
SiSOr Harvard. NUea and Way buttons.. ' 7i33#
••«•* Beulda. Winters, ijaoranieuto, •:'.-•
Woodland. KuighU Landlm,
ManrsjMe, Orovllla 1«sS3a
«i««F Martinex, 8au lUmoii, Vallejo.
Napa. Oalistot-a. Santa Ron »i33\
<l:OOp Nlles, Ltvexmore, Stockton, Lodl... la.aSp
4i8«)r Harward. Ml«s,i)aa Jose, LWcrmore ?S^'VSa
AiSOr Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton '1«i83a
SiOUrTbe Owl Llmlted-rresuo, Tular*
Bakenflflld. Sangna (or Sauta Bai.
baia, Los Angeles *i33a
•<o*p Martin**. AnUocb. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno IS:S3t>
5i0op Yoaemito 13.*J#
¦iSOf New Orleans Eipren— Meadota,
„• Fresno, Bakennafd. Los Angeles,
Darning. El Paso. New Orleans ¦-'-.-/--
: ' and East : T«S3a
•t«*r Ha/ward. NUea and San Jose. ...... 7«S3a
PlQOr ValJaJo.. lliS34
••« Of Oriental M*U-O»J«n. Cbejenne,
I Omaha. Chicago...... _.. IStSS*
•tOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Dearer. ' ' .
Bk. Louis. Chicago.. .IT «<&S»
Ti«Or Oregou and California, - ICx press. H »o- .-
rameiito, Mtryaiille. ltediilug, -
Portland, Fugs t Hound and Kaat ii33A
l'M»8»o Pablo, Fort. Costa, Maxtlaea
a - and Wa» Stations 1 1 :13»
_ t»fgr Vallejo 7ia3F
COAST LINE (X.trrorr tUnga).
(Foot ot Market Street.) ¦
X7»45a Santa Cnix Excursion to danta Cuts
and Principal War Station* 1S'«3»
••ISA Hewark.Centerrille.8an Jose. Feltoo.
Boulder Creek.flanta Gnu and Way
Stations ....; .^ 8iat)f I
!*•¦•• Mawark, Center»ill». San Josa, Nsv
AlmaJau, Felton. lionlder Creek.
Santa Crui and Principal Way
Stations IViOe*.
wildp Newark, Han Joaa. Los Gatos fSs»*A
««i!8r- Glen wood,Bonlder Creek, SantaCnu t 8:3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR .FERRY.
fttai til faJJHSOO— Pool of kUrkit Strut (Slij 8)—
fl:l» 9:00 ll:00i.H. 1:03 1:00 9;lSr.tt.
rtuOtlUIB— h«l if Smd wit.— t»:CO J8;OO t3:M
lOiOOt.si. 13:03 3:03 iMrjt. .
.COAST LjIN'E (Broait Usage). .
..... (Third and Townsend 8t».) . .'--
' CiIOa San Jom and Way HUtlon*.. ........ «ia«A
t7:Q0A Ran Jose ami W»j SUUuua......... li3»P
/7i"ua New Ahnadeii /«<!•»
t7<S«A ftmflar . Excursion for Baa Jet*.
Santa Citu, Psdflo Gror* and
Principal Way Stations. }3i3*v
•itvAgan Jo«. Holllster. B«ut» Cms,
Pacillo Qtof*, Saiinaa. 8aa Luis \,
Obiapo, Santa Barbara and Frlo.
olpal lutermedlAte Htatlcma........ TtSO*
1«iS«a Ban Jcae and War Stations.......... «iSO»
IIiSOa Ban Jose and Way .Stations SiSOV
t»i43» 8»n Mateo, KedwocxJ. M?nlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Jom,
Eolllster. Sauta Crux. H»l|n.^
Monterey and Paolflo OrtiTs t!*t43A
liWf Ban Jose, Tree Ptnoa. Santa Cms. . '
Paolflo Grore and Way Stations 4:Mr
MtlSrBuJgse and Principal War Stations «M3»
iSiOOr 8an Join. Los Gatos and Priodpal
WaySUtlona 10iAO»
Bi3Or Qan Joae and Principal Way .Stations S:38a
•i«Op Bedwood. San Jose, GDroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:O3a
6«S0p 8an Jose ami Way .stations f»!«»>A
¦«lll43f San Jcseand Way SUtious.. 7;3f»
A for Morning. P lor Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. I Monday only.
• Batnrday only. < MoncUy.
JLtataxday and Ennday, J Tuesdajs »nd Tii&xxx.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CG.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc.
San Francisco to Sua jSnaww
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:83.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extrat trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips At 1:30
and 11:30 .{>¦ m. •
SUNDATS^-S:00, 9:SO, 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. ra.
San Rafasl to San Francisco.
.WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:«.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at V.iS
and 6:33 p. m.
EUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 3:10.
5:03, 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I April 23. 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J \. Sun- | Week "
Days. I daya. \ Destination. ; days. \ Daya.
. 7:30 am) 8:00 ami- Novato. 13:40 am 8.40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am] Petaluma. 8:06 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pmj 5:00 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 820 pm
v Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. ' 10:25 ara
6:00 pm Bealdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
' • Geyservllle,
3:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm l:20pra
7:30am[5:0»pTnl Hopland 110:40 amllO.25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am) and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| (:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
>:30pm 5:00 pm : : i- 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and It
E:10 pmf 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm (:20 pm
7:30 am} 8:00 ami t~ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:*0 pm( 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:33 pm} 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for "Mark West
Eprlacrs and White Sulnhur • Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton 'for' Lytton Sprlnss: at
Geyserville for Skag-fc-s ¦ Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprlnes, KelseyTWle. Carls-
bad Sprlnss, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs : at TJkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga*
Spring*, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. . Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Vailey.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'8 Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. 'West-
port. TJsal. VWIllits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs.! Harris, Olsen." s. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldinff.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYA3*.
Gen. Manuaser. Gen. Pass. A art.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. 1:4a. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »S:13. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00, *10:00; 11:00. Jl:39
a. m.. 12:45. «l:30. 2:30. »3:43. 5:03, «:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafaal
Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— K:K. 8:27. 7:47, 1:35. 10:13
a. m.. •12:2S. 1:15. 2:». *3:33. 4:40; 5:30 p. m. —
EXTRA TRIPS on * Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:«. »8:00. 9:45. »ll:0O a. m.. *13
m.. lrfK), 2:15. «3:30. 4.-30. »S:43. 6:45. 7:30. 10:l»
P. m. ¦¦• ¦
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO-
WEEK DAYS?— 6:45. 8:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:39
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:3S. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15,
1:20. 2:30. 8:45. 6:00. «:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. -'
6:53 a. m. week Jays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' ¦ y
¦¦ 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days I Saturdays except ed)—
Tomales and way stations. - >
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
10 a. ra. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlonw.'-- ¦- - ... - v ¦¦:¦¦..¦- -_¦
a -Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 It E A EX Y ST., Established
In 1S94 for the treatment of l'rivato
Diseases. Lr»t Manhood. Debility or '
disease ureariagon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cores wliea
others fail. .Try him. Charges low.-
jCurea araaranteed. Cnllorwxitah
Dr. J. W. «!B"iO?i.s»n Francisco. Cal.
\jTeekly CaD,$1.00 per Year
(C?*KrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. . Interment
Salem Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Sfownsend streets.
SMITH— August 30, 1901, Francis C. son of
' Stephen S. and J. C. Smith, a native of Buf-
falo, aged 48 years 3 months and 16 days.
(CTInterredat Oakland August 31.\ . '
TALBOT— An anniversary requiem mass will
• be said for the repose . of the soul of Mrs.
Mary Talbot. to-morrow (Tuesday), at 3
o'clock, at -St. Dominic's Church. Friends
and members of the, Third Order are invited.
THORNTON— In this city, August 29, 1901,
Patrick J., beloved son of Frank and Hannah
Thornton, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 7 months and 21 ¦ days. - , ~
(CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the; funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence, 215 Second street,. between Howard and
Folsom. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SNOEK— In this city, August 31, 1901, Abe, be-
loved son of S. Snoek, and 'brother of Millie,
David and Jacob Snoek, a native of Holland,
aged 15 years 2 months and 20 days. .
|E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at First
Baptist Church, corner of Fourteenth and
Bcush streets. Oakland. 'Interment private.
SCHMIDT— In this city, .August 30, 1901, Ed-
ward B., dearly beloved husband of Hulda
Schmidt,- and father of Helene, Edward, Dora,
Herrman, Carl and Julia Schmidt, and broth-
_ pr-ln-law of Max Burkhardt, a native of
Germany, aged 46 years 5 months and 19 days.
(n7"Funeral private from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Cypress Lawn 'Cemetery. i
REAGH-In Oakland, September 1, .1901, Annie
M. Reagh, mother of Edward M. and Corlne
Reagh, daughter of Andrew Mitchell, and
sister of John W. A. and Belle Mitchell and
Mrs. E. J. Parker, a native of Canada, aged
45 years.- • ¦ -. . .
tt^Frlends and acquaintances' are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., U239 Market street, between
Eighth and. Ninth' Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. ,, L'^rif' '
ROSENTHAL— In tnls city, September 1, 1901.
David . Rosentbajjyjbeloved husband. of Augus-
ta Rosenthal, -*»]/}; father . of Aaron, Samuel,
Benjamin and Katie Rosenthal, a native of
Poland, aged 70, years. .
REIDT— In this city. August 31, 1901. Minna
Reidt. beloved mother of- Etta and Lena
Reidt and Mrs. W. J. Kenealey, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 64 years 9 months
and 21 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday afternoon. SeDtember 4, at 2
o'clock, at. his late residence, 6C59 San Pablo
: avenue, . Golden Gate. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
REVINGTON— In this city. August 31, 1901,
Ida F. - Revington. beloved wife of J. W.
Itevington, a native of Stockholm, Sweden,
aged 32 years 10 months and 13 days.
REMINGTON— In thin city, August 30, 1901.
Edward C. Remington,". &¦. native -."Of. Massa-
chusetts, aged 62. years. '- < ;¦ . • ¦ ,
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2. o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1629 Tonquin street, i between Broder-
iek and Baker, Harbor View, i Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POTTS— In. Oakland, September 1, 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of Mary Potts, and
father of James A.' Potts, a native of County
Monaghan, Ireland, aged- 75 years.
Cf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Monday), - at '8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, J where a requiem
'mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
MONTGOMERY— In this city, September 1,
• 1901, John J., beloved husband, of the late
Margaret Montgomery, : and beloved father of
Mrs. J. J. Keefe of St. Louis, Mrs. J. J.
Phelan and Mrs. Kate Warde Hutchison/ a
native of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
. 80 years. 2 months and 1 day. y._. 7 ._
, ¦ E5*Fricnds., and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
-' of his daughter, Mrs. J. J. Phelan, 337 Clem-
entina street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1:30 o'clock. , Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, September 1, 1901, An-
nie, beloved wife of George Nelson, and
¦ mother of - Carrie, George, Annie, Henry,
Pauline and Lawrence Nelson, a native o?
Germany, aged 42 years 7 months and 21
days. : ¦ , '
0T7" Notice of funeral hereafter;
KIRCHNER— In this city, September 1, 1901,
An»a M., dearly beloved and only child of
Friedrich and Maria . Kirchner, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3. years 2 months and
14 days. ¦ : .
.. [n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, /from the residence
of her parents, 83 Converse street, corner of
Bryant, between Eighth . and Ninth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage. •
McRAE— In Millwood, Marin County, Cal., Au-
gust 29,-1901, Miss Catherine McRae, a native
of Prince Edward Island, aged 48 years.
GENEVA H. ASHWORTH. N. G.
LOTTIE R. CARSON, Rec. Sec.
HALL— In thi3 city, 'September 1, 1901, Char-
lotte, beloved mother of James, Sidney, Wil-
liam and Charles Hall. Thomas and Samuel
Hall of Visalia, Mrs. O. I. Bradley of Santa
Cruz and the late Mrs. Jennie Transue of
Alameda, a native of '¦ Manchester, England,
aged SI years 10 months and 14 days.
ETFriends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend Ithe funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 25 -Belcher street, off Thirteenth. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by train,
leaving Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets at
3:40 o'clock.
HENDERSON— In this city, August 31. 1901,
Sarah, .beloved .wife of Duncan Henderson,
¦and mother-of Emma -A.- P; Hathaway of
Seattle, Wash:, a native of Prince Edward
Island,- aged -70 years 6 months and' 15 days.
. (Prince Edward Island, Seattle, Wash., and
San_Dlego papers please copy.) ;. . ¦; • -.<•¦.
IC^Frlends. and ; acaualntances . are respect-,
fully invlt&d' to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), -flt',S-jQ' clock, from Grace Methodist
Episcopal Chffrcft, corner of Twenty-first and
Capp streets. -^Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TEMPLAR Rebckah Lodge No. 19, I. O. O. F.
—Officers and members are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late sister, S. Hen-
derson, from , Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church,' Twenty-first and Capp streets, to-
day at 2 o'clock. • : '
fe (ETTriends are respectfully : Invited ; to at-
tend the funeral * to-morrow (Tuesday), ' at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. . Suhr
&. Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.. Pleas* omit flowers. - ;.
ERICKSON— C O. Erickson. a native of Swe-
den, aged 52 « years 7 months and. 24 days. :
HEATH— In this city, August"30, 1901, at his
residence, William Ralston.' dearly beloved
and youngest son of the. late Richard W. and
Mary Elizabeth Heath, aged 34 years and 11
months: I (Richmond, Val, and New Bedford,
Mass., papers' please cop&\)
|E7 Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, at St.
Luke's ChUrch, corner Van Ness avenue and
Clay street. -Interment private ¦••¦>• ¦¦• .
HEINEMAN— In this city, August 80, 1901,'
Charles, A., beloved husband of Ella Heine-
man and father of Charles, Florine and Min-
nie Heineman, a native of New York, aged
35 years \10 months and 27 days. A- member of
Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the
World. ¦ ' ¦ ¦-¦ •-.' \
• Louise, ¦' beloved daughter of Richard E. and
. Bertha Daniels, a native of San Francisco,
¦.aged 5 months and 28 days. .*; " .
DUNHAM— In this . city, i September 1/-1M1.
Herriett Amanda Dunham, .dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Jenny : F. Hill and Melvina
and Orley-Wyatt Dunham, a native of . Ver-
mont, aged 74 years and 27 days. " . : -.-
Eugene McGinn. • J McGINN BROS.-
Funeral Directors and Embalmers : •-
. 31 EDDY STREET. ;-
Telephone South 252. . .; - San : Francisco
No Connection With Any Other House.
SarftaFe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. -
I Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Dally -
.Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton, 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno..;. 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" -Visalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a .t
"Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kan City. 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•3 a. ¦ m. train - ls tho - California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers.' No second-class
tickets honored on this train.' Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. _ -
• 4:20 p.m. is Stockton and Frewa local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. . . ' .¦ • .-
8:00 p.. m. ls the Overland Express with
through Palace ' and Tourtst Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m
dally. ¦ ' : * i . .
7:20 a. m. ls Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a.'m. dally.-
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
-Depot. San Francisco f" 1112 Broadway Oak-
lanfl^^_ ¦•¦•¦ ¦¦ -¦-. .-¦¦
Mount tamalpais railway
, . TU boMUt* rarry— Tom »r UuUt St. - -
?S££^— WEB* -DATS..... \g?Z
¦ 8:00 a. it.) f 12:15 P. It
,»«0*. *. lilir.u.
10:00 a.m. - amtmAva .{jOml
1:30*. M. SjOr.K.
2:80 r. m.J , - -7dO».«t
,^F«rt. tarrurfiM to graft SD41*tmrn,tl-W
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SansaUto Ferry,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS | & EMBALMERS.' I
,1239 Market St., between 1 8th and 9th. ,' I
Telephone South 247. • :'.. |
BAD tenants . ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC : COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-lfl, tel. 55S0.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DISEASES aid ailments of men' -treated ;. con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. ' 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th; other machines. '
SLOT BIACHINES.United States Will Investigate.
LONDON, Sept. 2.— "The United States
Government has replied In a sympathetic
and friendly tone," says a dispatch to the
Times from ,Tokio,. dated, Saturday,- "to
Japan's remonstrance - regarding medical
inspection of Japanese in Hawaii, promis
ing that : Investigation . shall * be -¦ followed
by measures.": •
Slashed With a Bazor.
Joseph Callahan, a glass-blower,; who
resides on Langton street, was attacked
by a crowd last night on Sixth street,
near Gilbert,, and In the melee some one
slashed him . on the head > with : a razor.
The wound was dressed at the i Central
Emergency Hospital. ,- • ¦ •'.
Third-Street Burglar Arrested;
Edward Bartell was arrested yesterday
morn Ing : on Third street by. Officer John
Mullen, who caught him. abstracting a
number -.of articles from a showcase in
front of the store at $57 Third street. , The
police -think that Bartell is the man: who
has been committing the burglaries ¦ that
have been reported from' that neighbor
hood lately. . , j .
Mrs. Militz Talks of the Strike.
Mrs. Annie Rix Militz, vice president of
the Metaphysical Society of . Chicago,. and
a noted lecturer on advanced Christianity,
addressed a large audience at Golden Gate
Hall yesterday on the subject of "Strikes,
and Their Cure.". , ." • < : r -
Specials Dismissed From Custody.
Percy Ashcrof t and Frank Pedler, the
two Curtin- special officers who were at
tacked by a number of strikers in a res
taurant at 20 Taylor street Saturday
night, and who fired several shots to in
timidate their assailants, were discharged
from custody by order ot- Chief of Pollco
Sullivan yesterday morning. They had
been kept in the "tanks" all night. They
claimed that they acted in self-defense,
and as no one was injured the Chief per
mitted them to go. . ' . . ¦ ... ' r
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. *
cessful Season in San Francisco
and Moves On.
Mammoth Show Finishes Most: Suc-
Ringlingr Bros.' Circus bade farewell for
the season to San Francisco last night
and went away with the assurance that
the people had fully appreciated rthe
splendid performance which this great
aggregation of tent artists has given.
People have come to realize from experi
ence of several seasons that the Ring
ling promise is something substantial,
something that is meant to be carried out
and is abundantly carried out. The
weather man has been good to the show,
and at each performance the entire seat
ing capacity of the tremendous tent has
been taxed to its utmost. Each year's
visit but adds to the popularity of the
Ringling Circus, and the next time it
comes to San Francisco it will find Its
hosts of friends Increased by other hosts
to whom the excellence of the entertain
ment has been described. ,'
i The last performance, given last night,
attracted a huge crowd, one that filled all
the seats and every inch of the bleachers.
It was foggy and chill'- and overcoat col
lars were kept up, but the liveliness of
the show caused as much laughter as
though It were moonlight and warm.
The performers were given closing
rounds of applause, and each act was
carried through with, if possible, even
more vim and snap than' at any other
time during the week. There was genuine
enthusiasm In the big ring, tent which
lasted until the last events, the races
round the track, had been decided.
Preparations tor moving the big outfit
were begun as soon as the last comers
had entered the r.ng tent. Then the
animal wagons were covered over, four
horses were attached to each and they
were drawn aside. The outside flap of the
tent was let down and rolled up. When
the spectators came out the animal tent
had disappeared.
As soon as the bleachers were empty,
gangs of men took them quickly to pieces
and piled them on big drays, ready for
use. Then the. orchestra chairs were at
tacked and the stands were demolished in
quick order. Bit by bit t .e fittings of the
ring came down and the apparatus used
d- v.he performers was hauled to the
ground and packed carefully away.
In the meantime the crowds had
gathered outside and watched with Inter
est the preparations for departure. Soon
after : 11 o'clock' the procession - of canvas
covered wagons and drays piled high with
planking and chairs,' tent coverings and
other circus necessities was started down
Sixteenth street. The cars were loaded
on the tracks, where a big row of electric
lights had been set up and the yard ap
peared as bright as day. Rapidly and
without confusion the animals were
placed aboard their respective cars and
made ready. for the journey to San Jose,
eachj-.beingyzealously.' watched by the
keepers. -. , : ,'.,> / '- :• <
At" the railroad yard the busy scene con
tinued' until late in* the morning, and it
was daylight before j the last piece of
paraphernalia- had been 'placed In position
and started off. The RInglings open in
San Jose to-day. • ¦>
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
FOE '.THE. /ALASKAN. LINE
Pro jectors ; of 'the Siage ' Service to
Nome Will Expend an Im
mense Sum.
TACOMA. Sept. 1.— W. M. Rank of San
Francisco and Norman R. Smith of Daw
son, who are the prime movers in the
establishment of a 690-mile stage line be
tween Iliamna Bay. Cooks Inlet, on the
Western Alaskan coast, and St. Michael
and Nome, say their enterprise. Involves
an investment of $2i».C00. To carry it out
the Trans-Alaskan Company will be in
corporated. The first shipment of, sup
plies nnd material was made last week.
Investigation shows the route outlined to
be the shortest possible overland winter
route to Nome. Both. mails and passen
gers will be carried. -Horses are to be
used and more than a hundred head will
be needed.
P.INGLINGS' BIG CIRCUS
I CLOSES ITS WEEK HERE
An extra detail of police wis placed on
guard last night and will probably be
continued for Fome time. ; "-
"We. are constantly exposed to sniping
tactics both in the frontand the rear,"
said 'Watchman Hebbard. '. "It is. almost
worth a man's life at night to poke his
head out of *.hat door," pointing to a
little aperture in the big gate. "Almost
as soon as It is opened, blng! comes a
bullet flying near. . These come from the
opposite side of the street, but we have
not as yet been able to locate the men
who do the shooting." • .• '
Shortly . after the shooting. Secretary
McLaughlin of the Brotherhood of Team
sters and: other officers were on the
scene, but denied that any one connected
with the brotherhood was concerned in
the shooting.
"We -have notified all • our members,"
said' Mr. McLaughlin, "to keep free from
all this turmoil, and we do not believe
that any of them were concerned in this
shooting to-nlcrht. I think these people
In the barns are trying to get up a. scare
and were shooting at shadows." ¦
About fifty men are on duty in the yards
and stables all night and are well pro-
Tided with means of defense.- !
News of the affray -. promptly reached
the police, and a large squad of officers
under the command of Sergeant Conboy
¦were soon on the scene. While the officers
were dispersing the gathering crowds,
Haisway walked toward Fourth street.
He apparently, was under the Influence of
liquor and was abusive to the police. He
was first arrested on the simple charge of
being drunk, but before being put into the
patrol wagon was searched and the pistol
was found on him, and then it was de
cided to press the more serious charges.
'According to Charles Hebbard, a special
watchman employed by the transfer com
pany, two messenger boys left the place
shortly before 9 o'clock. No sooner had
the gate been closed upon them than two
shots were fired from the' lumber pile
across the street, followed by another
volley in the rear, "apparently fired from
tome one of the houses on Perry street.
'1 ne men in ?.he barn rushed to the
windows, both on Bryant street and Perry
street, and returned the fire.
Diagonally across the street from the
entrance to the yard of the Overland
Freight Transfer Company is a low pile
of lumber which affords sufficient , con
cealment to any one watching the stables.
After 7 o'clock at night the street is
deserted except for a passing street car.
A couple of street lamps about fifty yards
on either- side of the stable yard gate
afford but scant light. The place is.. an
ideal one for an ambuscade, and although
the -men" employed about the transfer
stables are constantly on the alert, in the
semi-darkness they have not always been
able to discern those who for the past
three nights have apparently been lying
in wait for the men within.
One .man,-" giving ,his - name '>as L. F.
Halswayf 19. years of age, who claims to
have recently,) arriyed .from' Mexico, was
arrested shortly after the shooting by.
Detectives Tom Gibson and Hamill and
charged" at -the -Hall of Justice with as
sault with intent to commit murder^and
carrying a concealed weapon. A pistol
with two chambers empty was. found on
him. s , • . --,' ;•¦:¦ ,-,<, ¦ •
ANOTHER of shots be
tween -'strikers on the opposite
side I of • the street .and 'the em
ployes in the stables of the Over
. . land TFreight'Tflfirefer Company,
on Bryant - 6 ( treet; between; Fourth and
Fifth, occurred last 'nighl: shortly before
9 o'clock. A lively fusillade'took place for
a few minutes. .'It^ is claimed by those in
charge of the stables that -a number of
shots were also fired from Perry street,
in • the rear. No-.' one .' was injured, j and
wljen the police arriyed all that they were
called upon to ;do was. to- disperse the
crowd that- had .gathered in expectation
of seeing some bloodshed. . ¦' . ¦ :
BOSTON, Sept. 1.— In a drizzling rain
and a strong northeasterly wind which
made the water choppy, Peter McNally,
the well known swimmer, started from
Charleston bridge at 2:16 this afternoon
on his attempt to swim to New York In
thirty days. There were about 2000 people
on the pier. When he came to the sur
face he was cheered, j McNally kept close
to the wharves until after he had passed
the ferries, then struck across to the com
monwealth dock. McNally was making
good time when last seen in the distance.
Having the tide with- him it • is probable
that he reached Tovells Island, nine miles
below. Two friends in a boat kept near
him.
a Drizzling: Rain and Strong
Northeasterly Wind.
Peter McNally Not Discouraged by
STARTS TO SWIM FROM : ,
BOSTON, TO NEW YORK
CONSTANTINOPLE, \ Sept. 1.— The Ot
toman Government is said to be sounding
Germany with a view to inducing her to
arbitrate upon * the 6 Franco-Turkish con
troversy. It is not likely, however, that
Germany will accede to the proposal or
that France would accept arbitration.
Favor Germany as Arbitrator.
TREBIZONDE, Asiatic Turkey, Sept.
1.'— The Belgian steamer Noranmore,.
bound from Batoum for Bombay, sank
near Athina. With the exception of one
man the entire crew, numbering forty,
were drowned. " • . y
Crew Go Down With Steamer.
Arrival of the Yacht Standart.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. < 1.— The Russian
imperial yachf Standart, bearing Em
peror Nicholas and Empress Alexand
rovna, dropped anchor in Kjoge Bay to
night. . I
Petersburg says:
"A train was derailed 280 miles from St
Petersburg, at a place where the Warsaw
line was being repaired, a rail having
been temporarily removed. As the in
valid Grand Duchess Alexandra Joseph
ovna and several court officials were on
.board, although uninjured, a rumor
spread that the incident was a nihilist at
tempt. A stoker was killed."
Train Delayed and the Passengers,
Including Several Court Offi- ¦ {
cials, Are SHaken Up.
LONDON, Sept. 2.-A dispatch from St.
RTJSSIAN NOBIX-ITY IN
A BAILKOAD ACCIDENT
STRIKERS and non-union men took
a rest yesterday , on the water
front, and as a result there was
little to show that a mighty strug-
gle between capital and labor was
on along the wharves. Hundreds of people
walked along East street and vainly
sought for something to point out as due
to the struggle that has been In existence
for the last five weeks. /
, There was nothing to be seen, however,
except idle vessels, and -they were idle
only because of its being the Sabbath. The
ships that were tied up at thV wharves
had progressed so far in the -loading and
unloading that the owners felt that there
was no necessity for. working the men on
the weekly rest' day. . ; :
The usual, number of. pickets were on
duty and the police officers were all at
their posts, but they \ had little to do.
There were no nori-union men" on the
wharves for the pickets to work on and
the idle men -kept away from the front
and allowed the police officers to spend a
peaceful day.
The ships that cleared at the Customs
House Saturday sailed yesterday after
noon. The first vessel to leave the harbor
was the Mariposa, which left for Hono
lulu. The big liner was heavily loaded
with freight and carried a large number
of passengers. The collier South Port
land, which completed discharging Sat
urday night, got away for Tacoma, where
sne will take on another cargo of fuel.
The Oregonian, heavily laden with freight
for the Eastern coast, pulled up anchor
yesterday morning and started on her
long voyage. The collier Titania, which
has been discharging at Rosenfeld's bunk
ers if or the last two weeks, left the harbor
at 5 o'clock for the northern coast for
another cargo of coal. The Santa Rosa
got away on time on her trip to southern
ports. She carried a full cargo and a
large passenger list.
There were only a few cases treated at
the Harbor Hospital. William Gallagher
and John Williams, both of whom are
members of the Sailors' Union, were
brought in from a saloon at the corner of
Folsom and First' streets, suffering from
lacerations and contusions j inflicted by
members of the union who were under
the impression that they were showing
signs of a desire to become "scabs."
¦Thomas Golden, a non-union man who
had been working, on the collier Titania,
was severely beaten by a number of union
coal handlers and was treated at the hos
pital for a lacerated scalp. The assault
occured at the corner of Second and Fol
som. streets. .
A. Sbmbra, a striker, was brought into
the hospital from the corner of
and Kearnv streets in a badly battered
up condition. He tried to persuade a num
ber of non-union men that they should
not "scab." They thought differently and
before they got through with Sombra he
came to the conclusion that there was
little opportunity for a missionary, single
handed, to make converts to the cause of
unionism.
fe|BaHEBE was an exciting battle at
SI Second and Brannan streets yes-
I s terday afternoon between a po
ll • liceman and about ten j strikers.
As the result Julius Carr, alias
"Punk" Carr, who has been arrested on
a number of occasions for various of
fenses, is lying in ' the Harbor Hospital
with a bullet in his leg.
Police Officer Callahan learned shortly
after 4 o'clock that a crowd of strikers
were creating a disturbance at Second and
Brannan streets.
He at once repaired to the scene and
started to disperse the crowd. One. of its
members, whose name is said. to be Mc-
Keever, j refused to move on and was
placed under arrest. Scarcely had the of
ficer started •: with the prisoner to the
nearest patrol box when the crowd sud
denly attacked him. Callahan 'drew his
club and struck at Carr, who seemed to
be the ringleader. John Hogan and Thom
as Brady, who were with the disturbers,
seeing the officer use his club, drew their
revolvers and tired at Callahan. The latter
promptly returned the fire, hitting Can
in the leg.- Altogether about fifteen shots
were' exchanged.
After emptying their revolvers at the
policeman, Hogan and Brady took to their
heels and soon disappeared. •Callahan
seized Carr as he was limping away and
took him to the Harbor Hospital, where
the wound in the leg was dressed.- As
Brady was seen to fall after he had gone
a short distance, Callahan, who is one of
the most trusted men in the department,
believes that he was also struck by a
bullet.
Carr will be formally charged with an
assault to commit murder to-day. ¦ ¦ ,
The men who attacked the officer are
well known to the police. Brady and Carr
were only recently arrested, according to
Captain Seymour, for sealing a lot ' of
copper. As the evidence against them
was deemed insufficient they were subse
quently released.
Callahan says thi_t a man named Con
nell, who has a criminal record, was one
of the attacking party. He became fright
ened after the ohicer commenced shooting
and ouickly disappeared.
As soon as the snooting was reported to
Captain Seymour he detailed several of
his men to round up the assailants: They
visited their haunts south of Market
street, but failed to get any trace of them.
Officer Callahan's story' of the battle is
as follows: • » .
"I was patrolling my beat on Second
street when I was told that a gang of
men was creating a disturbance on Bran
nan street. I hurried to the. place and
ordered the gang to disperse. After I had
placed McKeever under arrest, Carr, who
is supposed to be a bad man, attempced
to interfere. I promptly drew my club,
and as I did so Carr struck me in the
face with his clenched fist. I struck at him
with my club, whereupon Brady and Ho
gan drew revolvers and proceeded to make
a target of me. I lost no time in getting
out my pistol and returning the fire. Carr
fell, hit by my first shot. \
"I then turned my attention to Brady'
and Hogan, firing five shots at them. Both
Hogan and Brady emptied their revolvers
at me, but strange enough I was not-hit.
McKeever escaped during the- excite
ment." - • -
Callahan was warmly congratulated by
Captain Wittman for his bravery.
Many. Acts of Violence.
J. Clements, who came here from Sac
ramento yesterday, was treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital last night for
lacerations of the face. : Clements was
walking near the corner of Sixth and Har
rison streets about 10 o'clock when he
was set upon by a number of men who
were hanging about the corner.
John Foran. who resides at j 15 Ritch
street, had a bullet extracted jfrom his
left hand last night at the Central Hos
pital. He, claims that the wound was
caused by the accidental discharge of a
revolver which he was cleaning. After
the wound was dressed he was taken to
the City Prison where a charge of carry
ing concealed weapons was placed against
him. Foran is a striker.
James Tracey, a striker, was arrested
last night at the corner of Third and
Market streets on a charge of disturb
ing the peace. He attacked a man named
E. Squires, who arrived here recently
from Paso Robles. Squires was also ar
rested. Both men were taken to the
Emergency - Hospital to have numerous
contusions dressed before being locked
up.
William Schuell was treated at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital early yesterday
morning for several lacerated -and con
tused wounds of the head and body. He
claimed that he had also been robbed of a
purse containing $66. Schuell says that
he was ¦ walking along Harrison street
when he was approached by five men
who ' told him they were teamsters and
volunteered to show him the location of
the Teamsters' headquarters. He went
with them to , the corner of Rltch and
Harrison streets, and there they attacked
him. They struck him with a club and
knocked him down and then rifled hiB
pockets.
W. H.'Rlley, a non-union teamster, was
assaulted by a number of strikers last
night at the corner of Steuart and Mis*
sion streets and beaten .so badly that at
the Harbor Hospital it was found neces
sary to put a half dozen stitches in his
scalp. Riley resides in Oakland and was
on his way to the ferry when the assault
occurred.
SMALL outbreak* and two rather serldnii conflicts disturbed tlie serenity of yesterday in the
"danflree' district," but othervrlse the day, passed by with as little ' in the way of excitement as
if industrial . peace were being - enjoyed. : Employers made little effort to have work done,,con
tent to. let tlie usual Sunday inactivity "relgfii an tlie water, front a» well «s In tlie wholesale
district. A small-sized fleet of vessels put to sea, well loaded with freight.
The greatest labor demonstration in the city's history will be made to-day, and the labor leaders
have devoted much time and thoui?li.t7to .planning 'carefully "its details and guarding: against . any
possible conflict between strikers and the police anthorttieo or non-union men. The parade, starting
at 11 o'clock, will be followed by literary exercises in the afternoon at Mechanic's' Pavilion and a
errand ball ut night. . r - - . ¦ .' • ; . .
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1901.
Police Officer Is- Attacked by 'Rioters and in Defending Himself
Wounds Assailant in the, Leg— Second Outbreak and Ex
change of Shots at the Overland Freight Company's Stable
SERENITY OF DAY OF REST
BROKEN BY TWO CONFLICTS
IN CITY'S DANGER DISTRICT
10
McCOY i NfSBlTT'S
3 DAYS' SPECIAL Q
CASH BARGAINS O
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY
RUTTED Fane y Humbaldt Creamery. IL ftf"-
DUl Itn Cutin.qu.re* ID ZOC
Nothing finer.' Reg. ' 30c.
EGGS r§^;B doz 30c
! All large and white. Reg. 35c.
j EGGS Good for baking purpaie.. ¦ , (JQ^ 20C
j Free from bad ones. Reg. 25c.
j MACARONI %*2&r box 20c
j Regular 25c. ] ¦¦
I GRAPE HUTS Kr 2 for 25c
j Tbe gTeat brain -food. Reg. 15c |
COFFEE Best Mccha sr.d J.vt lb25C
A great trad«» winner. Reg. 35c.
TEAS N« w c f «P of »•' v«rietie». • |fa 40C
See our window on special offer. Ree/ 60e
; and 75c.
| TOMATOES or CORN Sf. 6 cans 45c
¦ We i guarantee every can.' Reg. 10c.
SAND SOAP v^^ei^e 7 for 25c
Weil and favorably known. Reg. 5 for 25c.
iSnider's Tomato Catsup |i» ge bot 20c
Best catsup made. ( Reg. 25c.
GooA goods, courteous treatment and promDt
delivery always our aim.
3002-3001 Sixteenth, St., Cor. Mission.
TcL Mission Zii. '•
OOLDBERg. SOWEN & C0'8 8PECIAL 3A7IN9 BALI
BQWEN
We close Monday Labor
day at ii o'clock — one de-
livery only at (8:30 A m) —
Special sale prices extended
to Thursday night
Tuesday 'Wednesday Thursday
Butter
Very fancy creamery — Anc
reg'ly 50c square t wv -
K o na coffee
5 year's old— exceptionally high one
grade— reg'ly 25c lb •
N e w tea
"Bee" Ceylon— Mandarin nectar-
basket fired-Japan-reg'ly 60c Ib— r OC
try them all . D
a 1 m - \j 1 a s
stuffeFwith pVppers 3 bottles 50c
Oyst e r s
Our choice —
extra selected IS-15C 2S-25C
A A n c h o v ies
Teyssonneau — in olive oil — o - - __
reg>ly 40C-65C bottle 35~55 C
B ir d-p ate
Franco-American— popular one
sandwich paste— reg'ly 25c can
/ Salmon
C as til e soap
French No. 1 quality— white— Aoc
rog'ly 50c large bar
C r y s t o 1 a
Quick scouring soap — ¦ dozen 45c
Pure • h one y.
Flavored with mountain dew
and wild flowers— reg'ly 25c 20C
pint bottle— strained
California Manzanilla—reg'Iy 40c *qq
H. gallon— jars returnable , J
Sard el 1 e s
brabrant— appetizing— ' , r f. Cc
.reg'ly 40C-75C can . Ji""3 ( -
G h e r r i e s
French bigarreaux in marasquin- c re
reg'ly doc quart J f
V e r m o u t h
French white wine— slightly r re
bitter— aromatic— reg'ly 6oc quart V •>
• W. hii s k y
Gibson rye— reg'ly $140— $i 15
full quart— $5 gallon '^4^MSi
BOLDBERO. BO WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL 3171X3 3AU
Malt whisky
Wm Penn— reg'ly $i bottle— n rr
Duffy— reg'ly 85c bottle 7 5 c
Root beer
; Hires' sparkling— healthful <» T
drink— reg'ly $1 15 doz v 1
Lis terine
Lambert— disinfectant— 65c
Crown salts
Lavender— refreshing - Pt%
reg'ly 30c bottle
Sink strainer
Vrooman's— reg'ly 20c— sanitary kc
Oilcloth
For shelves— 12 yards in roll —
12 in wide— scalloped— assorted r CC
patterns— reg'ly 75c
Some new recipes in September cata-
logue—free for a postal
4)2 Pine 331 Sotter 1800 California San FnaadM
-¦ Thirteenth and Clay stre«U Oakland
EXPERT
EYE-CLASS
....WORK.
Ocu'ists* Prescription Glasses
made to order in one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
PHONE MAIN 10.
OPTIOANS%S6»5««J«a,
642 Market 5t. iNstRUMtNts
imozr* cmromiclc buiuoinc. CATALOGUE Fr'C-
\A/. X. HESS,
H0TAK7 PUBLIC AKD ATT0S5ET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claus Spreckela Bide.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell. ,.
Residence Telephone Jamea 1501.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc9 Llste fflalla*
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Btlliar* Co.. lats Jacob Strahl*
* Co. fesfd. lS52t 409 Market at.: tipoa ln-
ttallment or rented: alao beer apparatus.
/ COAU COKE AJO PIO IROX
J f WIT <JON R Pfl **> Battery Street.
J. I/- ITlIOUn S UU-. Telephone Main 138^
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAC FflYF^^fiT K >»«PPln« Butcher*, m
JA7- DUIC3 S tiJ- ciay. TeL M>tn
OILS. ~
LCBRirATINO OILS. LKOMARO A KU.I9.
«1« Front at.. B. F. Phon» Mam 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSION tk McOUP-
~ FICK. 73 Sp>ar at.. S. F. TeL Main 13*0.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles', and Children's Hose 5c a pair*
Ladlea' Linen Sklrta, Joe; Men's Flna' Dreaa
Shirts, worth $1, for 40o. at 106 Fifth afreet.
¦ • . J . ¦ PRINTINO, .-: - :
E. C HUSHES, mXZSSS:,.*
¦ PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
TBS HICKS- JUDD CO.,
'-.-- - ..... « y>m Stoaat^ ftao rnmciK^.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
... ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ . - • . i
• ' ' ; ¦•'¦ •-- •'¦¦¦^ J
On Monday, September 2d, we will
have on display complete lines of
NEW GOODS.
Black Silks, <
. Black'Brocaded Silks and Satins, the newest
dress and skirt materials for autumn) also
Black Striped Satin and Faille.
Velvet Depf.
CcmDlete assortment of all the latest shades
in i:rench and German Hand Loom Velvets,
All Silk Panne Velvets and Millinery Vel-
vets) also English Cordurous and Velveteens.
Black Goods Dept
New Black French Satin Finish Venetians,
. 50, 52 and 54 inches wide— so much in de-
mand for tailor-made costumes.
Colored Cloths,
Elegant line of New Broadcloths, Venetians
and Covert Cloths, 50 to 56 inches wide, in
all the latest shades for autumn,
Dress Goods Dept
New importation Unfinished Worsteds, 50
to 56 inches wide, all solid colors and newest
sjiades for Fall, 1901,
OUR SPECIAL SALE WHiTE BLANKEFS WILL
CONTINUE ALL THIS WEEK.
HI, 113, 115, 117. 119. J2I POST STREET.
*£ & 4* ?4m|? 4t>j? & tt» *& d* & *$? *to&tiit&*kiifliki i k i &
%
4* 219 Grant Avenue. *$r
{GRAND OPENING, MONDAY, SEPT. 2 f
{ cy(yrJVlillinery-t
"& AMERICAN and
-S £^^^& -aL ¦ ¦¦IMPORTED.
{ <jpQiqirin IS^ Fur %
I Gnus m torats §
4* of Every lfll%Mk of Every &•
4* Description.- fjjl^SH Description. %r
, SUITS, . %
WAISTS *
; * SKIRTS t *
Handsomest line of Misses* Garments Jf
% ever shown in San Francisco.
ApVERTISEMENTS.
Better lose? all his
cstker property- than Kis
Gibson
>!§ Itsl i y *t
\-y$££s?P^ I
He need not be inconsolable
in that case, however, for we j
have lots more, and the last
we received are the best We
are getting more admirable
, designs every day. The fit can-
not _ be improved.
\JOHNT GIBSON
f£ his shtrf", your bosom friend
1204. Marker Strreef
Pleasant I
Hours 1
\ Swiftly Flying*-- ;. |
Those spent on the i
California Limited I
as it rushes and races h
across the country from I
\ San Francisco to Chicago P
I in 75 hours.. • • , .- |j
Leaves San Francisco at B
3 > 9 a. m. every Monday ¦
and Thursday on the «
Santa Fe , I
EJR.PIERCE5
MEDICAL *
.-*. FOR THE
1 BLQGP.a.iVER.LUraGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
= * 5> j&|^?4^^Sy repeat. They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
|jj|r "^^y7^»r%Pi wor d» th e y are only reliable repeaters. Winchester
Bsjr rifles arc made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
gHfnVT 1^. '/ t*£$KxtA styles ; and are plain; partially*or , elaborately orna-
k||M /,fflKB$fMa!i mented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
C^^^^^P Ammunition /
lA^aM^SS'^WrSr *C^n * s ma(^ e f° r a^ kinds of shooting 1 in all kinds of guns.
m^&'&C&lfe FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 164-paga catalogue,
UilMPUEOTED DCDCflTIKIP flDAXO Pfl 418-420 Markst St..
j^^^S^^^^^ WINbntoltK KtHtAIINU AnlVlO ID., San Francisco, Cal.
'.'"'¦J i° your house. Would you like to cover them with ; ". ;•:'-•
' ¦'"' Jf\ the finest 1 quality of wall paper in the newest de- . (; ->^
r^^' 1 '] ' s ' Rns and just the tints you need? AVe are now con- F r>-<< 7k
r r ductinK a SPECIAL; SALE OF \WAIiL; PAPER, )^ri
- S^.' •-,}¦. a during •• which, we are selling, our finest stock at the- :• : '
¦%;i'^iy '. same prices that have prevailed everywhere on the ' L vV jj
'p-rrrr^\ cheapest kinds. You have here ; the largest and best : . "/T^^J
.¦, y :'.['r/;iy .assortment ever seen in San Francisco * to choose • v • '. /