VOLUME XCI.— NO 18.
NOTABLE REPRESENTATIVES OF CAPITAL
AND LABOR ARE FOR INDUSTRIAL PEACE
OSCAR STRAUSS, CHAIRMAN
OF THE LABOR AND CAPI
TAL CONFERENCE.
COMPLETING
PLANS FOR
THE CANAL
2*ew Treaties to Be Made
With Nicaragua and
Costa Rica.
Secretary Hay Anxious to
Submit Terms to Congress
at This Session.
Oae British Newspaper Declares Eng
land Hands Over National Prop
erty for Friendship of
Uncle Sam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
TV.. WASHINGTON; I>ec. 17.—Negotia
tion for treaties ■with Nicaragua and Cos
ta Rica for the construction by the United
States of the Xicaragruan canal has been
zna.de possible by the ratification of the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
Lord Pauncefote, the British Embassa
£or, called at the State Department after
the meeting of the Cabinet to-day and
discussed with Secretary Hay the details
of the ceremony in connection with the
exchange of ratifications of the canal
treaty. Lord Pauncefote expects that the
ceremony will occur within a -month.
In anticipation of the ratification. Sec
retary Hay had directed Minister Merry
to Eign protocols with the Xicaraguan
and Costa Ric&n governments embodying
the terms upon which they would permit
the United States to build the canal.
It Is the purpose of the Secretary to in
corporate the provisions of these proto
cols In the treaties, which will be sub
mitted to the Senate probably befqre the
close of the present session of Congress.
Whfen these treaties have been ratified,
the authorities say. there will be no fur
ther diplomatic obstacles in the way of
the construction of the canal.
While the Senate was in executive ses
sion to-day Morgan of Alabama made an
effort to have the Senate make his bill
authorizing the acquisition of a right of
Tray for the propped isthmian canal
across Costa Rica and Nicaragua the spe
cial order for 2 o'clock to-morrow, but
the Senate declined to make the order.
It was suggested ' that Morgan might
move to take up the bill to-morrow. » H»
Indicated a purpose to pursue this course.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— With the exception
of the Globe, the newepapers to-day com
ment approvingly on the ratification of
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty by the United
States Senate. The Globe sees - In the
overwhelming majority for the ratifica
tion proof that the compact is regarded
by the Eenate as one-sided and calculated
to adversely aitect British political and
commercial interests.
"Senator Teller's offensive phrase, 'in
her present mood,' clearly signifies," the
paper says, "the conviction that England
fh as become too submissive to stand up
for her rights against the great republic."
The Globe concludes: "It is a surren
der, not a bargain. We hand over nation
al property as purchase money for Ameri
can friendship."
ALBAN SCOBES CASTEOa
COLON, Dec. 17. — The correspondent
here of the Associated Press requested
General Carlos Alban, Governor of Pan
ama, and military commander of this dis
trict, to explain Colombia's refusal to ac
cept the conditions of arbitration de
manded by Venezuela. General Alban has
replied to this request in the following
terms:
' "General Castro, Prcside;it»of Venezuela.
is The principal factor in the Colombian
revolution. Since ' the beginning of the
v.-ar he has furnished the revolutionists
with arms jind ammunition. Castro can
celed the exequaturs of several Colom
bian Consuls !n Venezuela and insulting
ly treated Sonor Rico, the .Colombian
Minister at Caracas. Castro now pretends
Vjo demand satisfaction from Colombia,
Tasking her to accept Chile's offer of medi
ation. For the above expressed reasons
Colombia severed diplomatic . relations
•with Venezuela."
The San Francisco Call.
jM I EW YORK, Dec. 17. — The conference between the leaders of labor and cap-\
• ™ ital closed to-day with a decision to give the plan to harmonise their divergent
interests a practical test. It was unanimously agreed that' the working details of the
scheme shall be perfected by an executive committee of thirty-six, to be chosen, in
equal numbers from the ranks of organised labor, the great industrial and financial
leaders and the public not identified with either of the two interests. After several
hours of consultation Chairman Strauss ' announced the following- names:
To represent the employers and capitalists — Senator Hanna; James A. Cham
bei's, president American Glass Company, Piitsburg; William H : Pfahler, president
National Association of Stove Manufacturers; S. A. Callbway, president American
Locomotive Works; Lewis Nixon, president and owner of . the Crescent Ship
yard, Elisabeth port, N. J.; Charles M. Schzvab, president United States Steel Corpor
ation; H. H. Vrccland, president Metropolitan Street Raihvay Company, New
York; Charles A. Moore, president of the Machine Manufacturing Company; John
D. Rockefeller Jr.; E. D. Ripley, president of the Atchison, Tbpeka and Santa Fe
Railroad; Marcus M. Marks, president National Association of Clothing Manu
facturers; Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager Southern Pacific Railroad.
COLOMBIA
READY FOR
VENEZUELA
Receipt of Arms May Be
Followed by Active
Hostilities.
Bogota Government Anxious
to Punish Castro for
Aiding Invaders.
Squadron of United States Battle
ships Ordered to Cruise in the
Vicinity of the Ex
pected Warfare. , V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. H06 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.—Semi-offi
cial advices received here indicate that
active hostilities are about to begin be
tween Colombia and Venezuela. The de
lay in proceeding to extremes has been
largely caused by the lack of a suitable
stock of arms and ammunition by the
Colombian Government. This is about to
be remedied.
News that comes to-day is to the effect
that the British steamship Bamreagh,
which recently excited suspicion by, load-
Ing a large cargo of arms in European
waters, supposedly intended for the Boer*
in South Africa, really was chartered by
the Colombian Government. She is now
very near Colon.
Under orders by the Navy Department
to-day the battleship Indiana will be
added to the North Atlantic squadron dur
ing Its winter cruise in the Caribbean
Sea. According to the department this
Increase of the squadron has no connec
tion whatever with the demonstration
which Germany contemplates making
against Venezuela. The Indiana is In the
West Indies training her crew of lands
men. She will merely abandon the itin
erary which she would have followed had
she remained in the training service and
followed that adopted upon the recom
mendation of Rear Admiral Higginson.
This means that a squadron consisting of
the battleships Kearsarge, Alabama, Mas
sachusetts and Indiana will cruise in the
vicinity of Venezuela throughout the win
ter. :
COLON, Dec. 17.— A woman colonel,
Senora Ramona Mendoza, fought bravely
with the insurgent force in the conflicts
between the Colombian Government and
rebel troops at Nombre de Dlos last week.
Her husband and brother were killed last
Thursday. When the Government troops
drove the insurgents from, the trenches
on Friday Senora Mendoza escaped to San
Bias in a Email boat with the Indians.
Senora Mendoza has been an intrepid
fighter during the last two insurrections
on the Isthmus. She displayed gallantry
In the recent battle at Buena Vi6ta.
According to the latest advices the
rebels are still offering resistance to the
Government near Nombre de Dlos.
Employes of the Caribbean Manganese
Mining Company at Nombre de Dios have
arrived in Colon. They feared that their
lives would be endangered by remaining
at the former place.
When ' the Government reinforcements
arrived in two sloops at Nombre de Dios
last week a rebel force In small vessels
endeavored to get near enough to throw
dynamite bombs on the Government
boats, but did not succeed owing to the
superiority of the latter craft In sailing.
The Government wounded are still at
Nombre de Dios. About twenty soldiers
who are ill have returned to Colon.
Among the rebels killed during the fight
ing was their leader. Colonel Sosa. He
was one of the revolutionists who sur
rendered when Colon was recaptured by
the Government. No revolutionists were
taken prisoners.
The Colombian warship General Pirizon
has gone to Nombre de Dios, where Col
onel Duque is" In command of the Govern
ment forces. Colonel Duque has been
praised for hl3 leadership.
It is reported that Rio Hacha has been
captured by the revolutionists. The
French cruiser D'Estrees has arrived at
this port. ' ,'., -
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
OFFICIALS OF NEWFOUNDLAND PAY
VISIT TO MARCONI'S SIGNAL STATION
ALL NATIONS BOW TO THE G5NIUS OF MARCONI.
Governor and Members of the Executive Council Recognize the Inventor
of Wireless Telegraphy and Encourage His Efforts.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 17.-In the
face of the protest by the Anglo-
American Telegraph Company,
Governor Sir j Cavendish Boyle,
Premier Bond and members of
the executive council went to -Signal Hiil
to-day to witness the proposed experi
ments by Marconi in receiving communi
cations from England. The weather 'was
fine and most favorable for tests, but
Marconi was forced to announce that; in
consequence of the hostile attitude of the
Anglo-American Telegraph Company ] he
thought It advisable not to conduct any
further tests. ' ■/.>•-;'
In order that his visitors might not ■'be*
To represent organized labor— Samuel Gompers, president American Federa
tion of Labor; John Mitchell, president United Mine Workers; Frank P. Sar
gent, grand master Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen; Theodore J. Shaffer, presi
dent Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers; James Duncan,
secretary Granite Cutters* Union; Daniel J: Keefe, president International Associ
tion of Longshoremen; Martin Fox, president of the Ironmolders' National Union;
James E. Lynch, president International Typographical Union; Edzvard E. Clarke,
grand master , Order of Railway Conductors; Henry White, secretary of the Gar
ment Workers of America; James O'Connell, president International Association
of Machinists; Walter Macarthur, editor Coast Seamen's Journal, San Francisco.
To represent the public — Ex-President Grover Cleveland; Archbishop John Ire
land, Bishop Henry C. Potter, Charles Francis Adams; Cornelius N. Bliss, ex-
Secretary of the Interior; Charles W. Eliot, president of Harvard University;
Franklin Mac Veagh, Chicago; ex-Comptroller of the Currency James H. Eckels;
John McCook of this city; John.G. Milburn of Buffalo; Charles A. Bonaparte, Balti
more. "" \ ,
Chairman of the conference, Oscar C. Strauss, and Secretary Ralph M. Ellery
are ex-oMcio members of the committee. i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
altogether disappointed, he exhibited the
balloon, kites, batteries and other appar
atus, explaining the uses of each.".V : He;
afterward Informed those present that the
experiments here were now : concluded.
The balloon and. other equipments, will
be packed for early shipment, probably'
to Halifax. : - '
When seen to-night Marconi said:
. "The Anglo-American Company's action
necessitates a further change of plans.
It .was my intention : to sail for England
Friday, to perfect arrangements for. a sta
tion there,' similar to that /on The Lizard,'
with probably '.'smaller •' stations ; at "Cape
Race and Cape Bay. - 1 have now practi-
cally decided to proceed to Canada, prob
ably on Sunday. I will .examine sites on
the -Cape Breton coast and then go to
Halifax' for experiments in that vicinity.'
It have \ communicated ' with my. company
in London, which will enter, Into'negotia
tions with the Anglo-American headquar
ters to see if it is possible to obtain.per
mission! to erect the contemplated station
at St., Johns. .
"I came to Newfoundland . in the first
place because it is the nearest land to
England, and consequently valuable for
experimental purposes; also because the
Continued ' on Pago Three.
LABOR PARTY
IS TORN BY
DISSENSIONS
Extremely Stormy Meet
ing of the Executive
Committee.
Mayor- Elect Schmitz and the
Police Tak3 a Hand in
tha Trouble.
After Once Being Deposed J. S. Parry
Is Re-elected Chairman and
G. W. Aubertin Is Again
Chosen Secretary, . . .
All kinds of troubles are besetting the
executive committee of the Union Labor
party. Democratic politicians are en
deavoring to secure control of the new or
ganization, it is said, and in an endeavor
to effect their purpose demands have been
made upon Mayor-elect Schmitz . for two
of the most important positions in his
gift. Schmitz says he is unpledged, will
not promise anything and proposes to run
the municipality according to his own
ideas. He took a hand in a stormy meet-
Ing held last night, carried the meeting
and finally invoked the aid of the police in
the Interests of harmony. ,
The meeting was 'originally called at 113
O'Farrell street, In the rooms of the The
atrical Employes' Association. There were
twenty-flve members present. As soon as
the members got together they agreed to
"disagree. A week ago J. S. Parry and G.
W. Aubertln were deposed from t\\e posi
tion respectively of chairman and secre
tary. This action was reversed last night,
and Parry Is back in his old position.
William Delaney presided for a time last
night. He had as active supporters Ryan,
Stanton, Powers and a few others. They
carried things with a high hand, and al
though vociferously outvoted Delaney,
who was wielding the gavel, declared
everything carried. Then It was that
Parry's adherents ■ and Mayor-elect
Schmitz declared themselves. The meet
ing was adjourned, another hall secured
and a new organization effected.
Delaney's partisans were confronted
with a serious difficulty at the outset.
There were no minutes of the previous
meeting, neither was there a roll call.
When It became necessary to call the roll
no one was in a position to do so.
Police Clear the Hall.
Between the Mayor-elect and the police
the harmony so much desired waa re
stored. The hall -was cleared and seven
teen members of the executive commit
tee went to another hall, effected an or
ganlzatlon and Introduced resolutions.
The second meeting was held in Unity
Hall, across the street. At the old hall
even the Mayor-elect was a persona non
grata.
As soon as the committee had reorgan
ized a permanent organization -was effect
ed by the election of J. P. Parry as chair
man; J. J. Dowllng of the Hackmen's
Union, vice-chairman; S. T>. Simmons of
the Theatrical Employes* j Union, treas
urer; and C. M. Holloway'of the Coal
ShovelersV and Trestle Workers' Union,
sergeant-at-arms.
. Captain Krimpoft of the Laundry
Drivers* Union introduced a resolution
calling for harmony In the party, declar
ing that the meeting place should be
changed and denouncing the tactics of the
minority. This was unanimously carried.
A. H. Ewell of the Stationary Engineers'
Union moved to adopt a constitution and
by-laws. This was seconded by Roxburg
of the Printing - Pressmen's Union and
was unanimously carried.
Before the meeting adjourned It was
Unanimously decided to ask for a recount
of ballots In all cases -where such a re
count might prove advantageous to the
Labor Union candidate at the recent elec
tion. The unions were called upon to fur
nish the financial means necessary to de
fray the expenses of these recounts.
Chairman' Delaney continued the meet-
Continued on Page Five*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, WHO
IS TAKING AN ACTIVE IN
TEREST IN PEACE PLANS.
CONFERENCE
INAUGURATES
GREAT WORK
Further Labor3 Are Left
to an Executive Com
mittee.
Noted Leaders in Movement
Make Pleas for Union of
all Interests.
Archbishop Ireland Hopes That tha
Twentieth Century Will See Em-
Employer and Employe Act
as Brothers.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The second ses
sion of the peace conference between
labor and capital was held to-day at tha
rooms of the Board of Trade and Trans
portation- When Chairman Oscar Strausa
called the meeting to order Samuel Gomp
ers, Theodore Shaffer. John Mitchell and
the other leaders of the American Fed
eration of Labor, who were detained at
Scranton. Pa., had not reached the hall.
Frank Sargent, grand master of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Firemen, waa
present and Senator Hanna and Arch
bishop Ireland were again in attendance.
Others present were the Rev. Frank W.
Merry of Boston, chairman of the labor
committee of the National Council of the
Congregational Church; Thomas H. Ken
ney of the Knights of Labor of Boston.
George E. McNeiil of the American Fed
eration of Labor of Boston. E. B. Durand
of the Industrial commission and S. R.
Calloway.' Durand was the first speaker.
Sargent Replies to Schwab.
Sargent, replying to \ the criticism of
Charles M. Schwab as to organized labor,
said that unionism was not a menace but
an instrument of peace and good, was
within the law and was a strong influence
toward the maintenance of the republic
"We are taking down the barriers," h«
said, "that have seemed to separate us.
"We are privileged to touch elbows here
and exchange ideas, and I feel sure that
good will come of it. The trouble hr the
past has been that we have not under
stood one another. " There can be no cap
ital without labor and the man who does
the work and the man who manipulates
the capital should realize their dependence
on one another. The great leader of cap
ital who spoke yesterday would. have lit
tle capital to manipulate buffor;'the work
of the men In the furnaces and the mines.
That is the fact that I ask capital to re
member." ■ ' • - -
Sargent said the, firemen had long sine*
adopted the policy of reasoning with their
employers and educating their own men
to a point of Intelligence as fi> the lights
of both- themselves and their employers.
They, made no sacrifice of their rights or
manhood.
"But," he added, "they reserved th«
right to resist oppression, to crush wrong
where reason did not prevail." He said
that when labor and capital would fairly
and reasonably 'meet one another Indus
trial disorder would be greatly reduced.
Clearing House for Disputes.
Lewis Nixon, ship builder, who followed
Sargent, said that he hoped the confer
ence would effect the organization of a
sort of industrial clearing house wher«
disputes could be settled. He favored or
ganized labor, and in criticism of It had
only to say that he thought It needed a
greater, spirit of Americanism, for he be
lieved certain objectionable things which
had grown up In other countries had been
imported here. - .
" In a telegram to the conference, Carroll
D. Wright, United States Commissldner ol
Labor, urged the adoption of the Joini
committee plan for the settlement of laboi
troubles.
The officers of the American Federation
of Labor reached the meeting at noon,
and Samuel Gomperj was presented to th«
conference at once. He was given a warm
welcome. Prefacing his speech with th«
declaration, "the whole struggle of th«
X Continued on Page Thxtt,2
WOULD IMPEACH
SUPERIOR JUDGE
John E. Sexton Files
Charges With the
Governor.
Man Who Bunkoed Ex-Presi
dent Cleveland Ccmes
Again to the Fore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— A petition
•was filed with Governor Gage to-day call
ing upon him to transmit to the Legisla
ture in regular or extra session charges
cf forgery against Superior Judge M. P.
Bennett of El Dorado County. The peti
tioner and accuser is John E. Sexton of
Placerville. He asks for the impeachment
of the Magistrate on the ground, as al
leged, that about midnight of February
— , liwi. Judge Bennett caused to be re
moved and altered a judgment of record
in the case of Sexton at a time when Sex
ton was seeking release on a writ of
habeas corpus on the alleged insufficiency
of the original certified judgment.
Sexton was convicted, with S. H.
Briggs, of extortion committed upon a
Placerville cigar dealer named C. Green
wald, and was sentenced to two years' im
prisonment. It was charged that he and
Briggs had induced the cigar dealer to
■ sell them cigars from a box which had
been refilled, contrary to the internal rev
enue laws, and then had "shaken him
down' 1 for J3O on pain of informing the
Federal authorities. Sexton has fought
his case to the United States Supreme
Court, where it is now pending.
Sexton has had a checKered -n:story and
his deeds have formed the subject of
many a special newspaper story. After
having served a term in San Quentin he
went to Washington during tne second
Cleveland administration, and was not
there long before he had worked himself
into White House society and the confi
dence of the President himself, who
eought his advice relative to Pacific Coast
patronage. Cleveland was so taken with
him that" he agreed to make him a fish
eries inspector in Alaska, and the appoint
ment was about to be made out when
Max Popper of San Francisco arrived on
ihe scene and revealed Sexton's record.
Sexton left Washington and returned to
San Francisco, where he was accused of
having passed worthless checks for large
sums on George Haas, the Market-street
candy manufacturer, and Lawyer Robert
A. Friedrich. Governor Budd afterward
became interested in him and made him
a delegate to a Salt Lake mining conven
t.'-n.
Sexton makes a good impression by his
manner and is regarded as extremely
shrewd. He gives Governor Gage the
names of Sheriff Bosquit, Deputy Sheriff
Houx, County Clerk Fisher, Constable
Davey and Attorney Fred Irwin of Pla
cerville as witnesses in support of his ac
cusations against Judge Bennett.
LOCOMOBILES TO BJTN •
TO THE GRAND CANYOII
unver .Lippincott Will Make Trial
Trip to Test the Feasibility
of the Project.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— A company
organized .among the citizens of Flagstaff
has under consideration the establishment
of a line of steam locomobiles to run be
tween Flagstaff and Grand Canyon, a dis
tance of seventy-two miles. In order to
test the practicability of this scheme and
oemonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt
its feasibility the company has arranged
with Oliver Lippincott of this city to
make the trial trip on a machine especial
ly adapted to the road and grades of the
country about Flagstaff.
This machine is to be a steam locomo
bile, capable of burning either coal oil or
gasoline, and, with its trailer, will weigh
2200 pounds. The trailer will carry 110 gal
lons of water and fuel, and 1000 pounds of
paraphernalia. The run from Flagstaff to
the Grand Canyon is to be a race against
time over roads which are by no means of
the best. Mr. Lippincott expects to make
the trip in three hours and a half. W. E.
Chapman will accompany Mr. Lippincott
Mr. Lippincott holds the present road
record between Los Angeles and Pomona.
His best achievement, however, was that
of last year while in the losemite Valley
He entered the Yosemite, ran ninety-two
miles and climbed 9400 feet in the actual
running time of eight hours and fourteen
minutes.
The trial trip probaoly will be made
from Flagstaff about December 28.
vri.N SWITCH CAUSES
WBECK IN KEBN CITY
Santa Fe Passenger Train Collides
With, a Southern Pacific
Engine. '
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 17.— An open
switch in the Southern Pacific Qompany's
yards at Kern City this evening resulted
In a collision between Santa Fe passenger
train No. 2 and a switch engine of the
Southern Pacific. The train was under
control and a serious wreck was averted.
Fortunately the train crew and passen
gers escaped injury, with the exception
or Fireman A. Miles, who was bruised
cbout the legs, and Second Cook C. E
Clark of the dining-car, who was pain
fully scalded by hot water from an over
turned kettle.
Westbound Santa Fe trains run over
the Southern Pacific tracks into Kern
City from Mojave. Train No. 2 was pull
ing into Kern, and when near the stock
corrals the engine suddenly turned into
an open switch on which was standing a
light engine.
The injured were attended by the rail
road physician at this point, and as they
reside in this city were sent to their
homes after treatment. There was small
dajnape to the engines and little delay
to traffic. ■ , -,-:•■
MIMESS STAMPEDE FSOM
DAWSON TO MAYO GREEK
Evidences of Secret Development
Work by Prospectors Start
a Bush.
SEATTLE. Dec. 17.— Dawson advices of
November 26 tell of a great stampede to
Mayo Creek, in, the Stewart River dis
trict. Prospectors wandering in the coun
try late in the summer discovered evi
dences of several years' quiet development
on Aiayo. #The operators, whoever they
■were had evidently gone out for the win
ter. Cabins well stocked with provisions
and tools were found.
The news started a stampede and now
the creek is staked from end to end The
original locators, having failed to record
their claims, will return to find they have
no holdings in the district. It is not
known in Dawson how rich the pay dirt
is. the sole reason for the rush being the
mysterious development.
/ The Opening of Our New
' Piano House 1
a nine V.'.' ,",'! faring for sale OVER 100 PI-
"*ll on u» jum now you will
I The I LEY B.ALLEN CO. I
l\ BTECK ' Bv "™ i EL V,"",'"^' jsa wi °- PA<*AM>, II
«tid other Irnttlim pl«noi III 1 1
N^983 MARKET STRBBT, San Francisco. M :
MINER'S CACHE
CHEATS DEATH
Starving Men Find ' a
. Hidden . Supply of
Spend Seven Days in Wilder
ness Without a Morsel
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, D"cc. 17.— Martini O'Connor,
formerly of Seattle, and two comrades
have Just reached Dawson after a nerve
racking experience In the Tanana coun
try. For seven days 'the three men were
lost In the wilderness, and their only
food during that entire time was a few
mouthfuls of dry flour, without even salt
to flavor it. When dying of starvation,
they chanced upon a supply of food cached
by some prospector, and were saved.
Eventually they reached Eagle and tlnally
Dawson.
O'Connor and his companions spent the
summer prospecting on Chenoa river, at
the head of tne Tanana. The burning of
their cabin one day while they were at
work threw them into the predicament of
having to subsist for a week. on a small
bucket of flour, the only thing saved from
the flames.
The three set out for Eagle City over
the, Tanana divide. After three days' hard
travel they found they had lost tne trail.
For three more days they retraced their
steps, until they came to the point from
which they had started. They were al
most famished. The nex.t morning they
started due" east by their compass. They
were then on some creek whose name
they did not know, and they followed It
for four hours, and came to a cabin. They
searched this thoroughly for food, but did
not find a morsel. O'Connor's two com
panions lay down, almost dead from star
vation. O'Connor continued his search
about the place and was rewarded by
finding a cache near by. In It were canrel
fruits, beef extract and vegetables. He
summoned the others and they soon were
satisfying their hunger. :
The party remained at the cache three
days and nights, eating and resting after
their extraordinary toils and trials. They
then continued toward Eagle. After leav
ing the cache they saw no one on the
stream. The creek for its entire length
was deserted, and O'Connor and his part
ners do not know yet whose food it was
that saved their lives.
Leaving this creek the party came to
another, and ten hours later came upon a
prospector in a tent. This man told them
he was on Slate Creek, three days' travel
from Eagle. The party pushed on to Eagle
reaching that camp in three days.
AUGUST E. COOLOT TO
WED REBECCA ELLIOTT
Sacramento Tobacco Manufacturer
Wins the Heart of a Charm- .
ing Miss.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— Mr. and Mrs.
A. Elliott announce the engagement of
their daughter. Miss Rebecca Elliott, to
August E. Coolot. The wedding will take
place at the Cathedral of the Blessed
Sacrament at 9 o'clock on the morning of
January 8, and will be celebrated with
a nuptial high mass by Right Rev. Bishop
Grace. Mr. and Mrs. Coolot will leave
at 1 o'clock on the same day for New
York, where they will permanently reside.
Miss Elliott is an extremely pretty girl
and was one of the prime favorites in the
May Queen contest of 1900. The groom
is the only son of the late A. Coolot, who
for a quarter of a century had enjoyed the
distinction of being the wealthiest mer
chant of Sacramento. Mr. Coolot lent
money to the projectors of the Central
Pacific Railroad and for many years heia
stock in that road. He built up a vast
business/with foreign connections, in the
cigar and tobacco trade, and this is being
carried on by August Coolot and his
brother-in-law, M. Dlepenbroch. The
firm is about to establish a factory in New
York City, and Mr. Coolot goes to take
charge of it, taking with him his bride.
OREGON FARMERS FLAK
GREAT COYOTE HUNT
Hope to Drive Thousands of the Ma
rauders Into a Pen and
Kill Them.
TACOMA, Dec. 17— Farmers of Walla
Walla and Umatllla counties, in Oregon,
are getting ready for the greatest coyote
hunt ever held in the Northwest. It will
start about Christmas time and last a
week. Coyotes have multiplied rapidly of
late and are causing .immense trouble to
sheep men and ranchers who keep small
stock and poultry. It is proposed to build
a "pen" at Echo, a small station on the
line of the Oregon Railway and Naviga r
tion Company, and then organize bands
of men to traverse the country in one
long line and drive the prairie wolves to
gether near this inclosure. With a .large
body of men the coyotes can be forced
into the pen and easily slaughtered.
The coyote drive has been a familiar
sport during recent years, a number hav
ing been held with varying results. Wal
la Walla will supply 100 men to Join next
week's hunt, Pendleton will send 100 and
smaller towns will be represented in pro
portio.n. Some estimate that not less than
10.000 ' coyotes can .be rounded up and
killed. . .
» .
LAST TRIBUTE PAID
TO CHILDREN'S FRIEND
Funeral of George M. Murphy, For
mer Manager of Golden Gate
Park Playground.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 17.— The funeral of
George M. Murphy, late proprietor of the
St. James Hotel, who died suddenly of
apoplexy on Sunday, was held this after
noon and was attended by a large num
ber of friends, both of this city and San
Francisco. Rev. Dr. Kummer of the
Methodist church officiated. There were
many beautiful floral offerings. The re
mains were put in a receiving vault at
Oak Hill Cemetery.
Murphy was a native of New York and'
56 years old. . No man in San Francisco
probably was better known to children.
For fifteen years he was manager of the
children's playground 'at* Golden Gate
Park. He removed to San Jose last
March. .......
The will of Murphy was filed for pro
bate to-day. An estate of $11,000 Is left to
his widow. _
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— Alfred \ barls,
while walking on a trestle last night near Elk*
Grove, waa killed by a train. In his coat .pocket
was a letter from his wife, dated at San Fran
cisco, but her street, and number con Id not be
learned. Darls was about 35 yean old.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
SCULPTOR AITKEN CREATES LIFE-LIKE
STATUE OF THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT
Design Submitted jn Competition for the Santa Clara County Memorial
Shows the Late William McKinley in a Characteristic Attitude and Is
Praised for Its Delicate Accuracy of Feature, Pose and Expression
-^-^ AN. JOSE. Dec. 17.— Robert I. Ait
ft^^ ken,; the San' Francisco sculptor,
N^^% has submitted a design, in com
iV_j/ petition, for the monument to be
' erected in St. James Park by_the
citizens of Santa Clara County in niern-'
ory of William McKinley. The" young
artist's work has created a favorable im
pression with all who have seen the model.
i Mr. Altken prepared three pieces for
submission to the committee, and at the
sculptor's suggestion tfie works were hot
sent to San Jose, as tHelr size and deli
neate workmanship "made, transportation
dangerous. The committee, . therefore,
deemed a visit to the sculptor's studio ad
visable, and last week went to San Fran
cisco. It found, besides the design for the
monument and surroundings, a life-size
portrait bust •of . the , President, and a
miniature full -figure. The portrait bust
Is so excellent that upon its elimination
one of the committee gave an order to
Mr. Aitken for a bronze on the buyer's
personal account.*- • . ■" ' i
i This portrait bust is a wonderfully life
like production. The well remembered
features of the President are molded in
the clay with a faithfulness rarely seen
in portrait. work of this character. In the
model for the statue the same life and
expression are found.'. The face, while full
of the quiet dignity so characteristic of
the man, bears a smile, or at least a well
defined suspicion' of one, which lights it
up and supplies that undefinable quality
known, for want of a better word, as
vitality. ■ '. /
Desire for the Monument.
The Altken design provides for a terrace
of about three feet height, . on top of
which is to be laid a flooring: of mosaic
"YOU SIT DOWN!"
SAYS THE COURT
■ .
Daily Disciplining of Law
yers Continues in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTUBAS, Dec. 17.— Any one drifting
into' the Superior Court of Modoc County
these' days might" be at a. loss -to deter
mine whether a murder trial or a brawl
were in' progress. • So bitter has the en
mity between prosecution and defense be
come that there is an almostV constant
exchange of personalities. Attorney Ra
ker, whose repartee occasionally lacks ele
ments of refinement, referred to Assist
ant Attorney General Post this after
noon as a skunk:, or, to be more ac
curate, he declared that in his opinion the
State's representative "is no better than
a skunk." i
: This remark was , occasioned by inci
dents during the examination of Domingo
Simas, a Portuguese rancher, who Is a
witness for the prosecution. Simas testi
fied that he was in Lookout two flays
while aged Calvin Hall and the four other
alleged thieves were in Jail. At that time
Justice of the Peace Myers told him that
he was afraid the prisoners would be
lynched. Once, before answering a ques
tion, Simas looked toward Post Interro
gatively. To this the defense entered an
objection. Lawyer Raker attempted to
show that the witness had talked with
representatives of the prosecution as to
the nature of his testimony, and to this
end put a series of confusing and mis
leading questions. Judge Harrington fin
ally declared that Raker was misrepre
senting matters. Raker attempted to talk.
"You sit down," ordered Judge Harring
ton, "Or I shall send you to Jail."
. Post questioned the veracity of Raker
on some point, and it was here that the
lawyer for the defense began drawing in
vidious comparisons.
When some measure of calm had been
restored, the examination of Simas was
continued. He said he had heard Isom
Eades say "they ought to be hung." This
occurred in Morris' store and Eades was
talking with Morris about .the five men
then under arrest. Eades said they had
'done enough to be hung."
Robert Cortwright was recalled. to tes
tify regarding some minor point. After
Ccrtwright had been examined at some
length. Raker offered to prove that Cort
wright's reputation for- truth, honesty
and integrity was bad, and that he had
been Impeached In a case at Lookout some
time ago. Raker then asked the witness
if it were not a fact that he had been im
peached? To this Cortwright replied thai
"a long, hungry thing tried it, but he
failed, just like you • will." The witness
referred to Attorney John Brown, an un
cle of the defendant.
Attorney- Harris said that Cortwright
was old 'enough to have quit lying by
this time. Cortwright excitedly exclaimed
that were he out of the courtroom' there
would be trouble .between him and Harris.
BILL FOR EXCLUSION
IS NOW IN GOOD FORM
Pacific Coast Congressmen Discuss
the Provisions of the Be vised
Measure Proposed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The sub-cam
mttteQ of the committee appointed by th«
Pacific Coast delegation* In Conscreaa to
determine upon a Chinese exclusion bill
to submit to the consideration of Con
gress, met to-day and discussed in da
tall the provisions of the measure with
Coombs' amendments, which hud already
practically been agreed upon.
Assistant Attorney General Hoyt gavo
hla 'Views upon t ho itdmlutatriitlvo fea<
turea of themll. No further dehntte ac>
tlon will be taken In th» matter until
after the holiday recess of Con^re^s,
when' the- perfected bill will b«. brought
forward and early action upon It urged.
Stops flio Cough
Ana work* on tno cola, Leiatjv* Dram*
Quinine Tablet* cure a (.old In on* day. Na
Cur*. No ray. Prlc* 2S cent*. •
having the national coat of arms and sim
ilar figures worked out in the colored mar
bles. Surrounding the statue a granite
seat , or ' Grecian bench will rise about
thirty inches high. This circular bench
is broken in front and rear, which open
ings are approached by flights of four
steps with scroll buttresses. At the en
trance the ; stone bench is to be . finished
with bronze eagles "displayed," the her
aldic term signifying "with; extended
wings."
In the center is to stand the pedestal
and bronze statue. The pedestal, four feet
by three, is to be seven feet in height. The
sides, slightly concave, will have beveled
corners and will be lettered with' suitable
Inscriptions.' The granite of the bench,
pedestal and* steps will be rough finished
and cut 'in severely classic lines.
• In . Lifelike Attitude.
) Standing on the graceful- pedestal, the
bronze, heroic-sized figure of President
RAILROAD MEN
COME TO TERMS
The Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Now in.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— A1l doubt regarding
tho attitude of the Southern Pacific to
ward the Rock Island on account- of the
latter's El Paso extension was removed
to-day when traffic relations of the friend
liest' character were entered Into by the
traffic men representing both companies. ■
To the Rock Island officials, at least, the
solution of the problem Is highly gratify
ing and to it may largely be ascribed the
emphatic declaration made by Chairman
Cable, who said:
"We have no intention of building from
El Paso to the coast, and unless . condi
tions greatly, change I see no reason for
our changing our position In the matter."
The future relations between the South
ern Pacific and the Rock Island were; set
tled at a conference held between J. G.
Stubbs, traffic director for the Harriman
lines, and J. M. Johnson, third vice-presi
dent and -freight traffic manager- for the
Rock Island. These officials were not long
in arriving at an agreement which, put
simply, is to the effect that the Southern
Pacific will place the Rock Island on a
parity with the Southern Pacific's connec
tions as soon as the El Paso extension is
opened for traffic.
This arrangement is of a reciprocal
character. The Rock Island will deliver
all Its Southern California traffic to the
Southern Pacific at El Paso, and the
Southern Pacific agrees to treat the Rock
Island exactly, the same as It treats its
other connections. This can mean nothing
else than a fair division of traffic in re
turn. !
Mnn and' Horse Frozen.
DENVER, Dec. 17.— A special to the
News from Alma, Colo., says a. . man
named Whalte, aged 60 years, living near
Greens Lake, was frozen to death on the
road between Alma and Falrplay Sunday
evening. The body was found to-day.
His horse was so badly frozen that It was
necessary to kill the animal.
■ , ■ •— >■ - ■
Transports at Nagasaki.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The transport
Kllpatrick has arrived at Nagasaki on
her way to San Francisco with short
term soldiers, a&d the transport Egbert
has- left Nagasaki for Manila.
ALONG THE COAST
SAN DIEOO. Dec. 17.— The United States
training: ship Alert arrived here at noon from
Masdalena Bay. She. will remain here ten days
and then proceed to San Francisco.
rr,S?h LL^ TERI Dec - ".—A. Leonard's general
merchandise store In Hernandez, this county
was destroyed by fire at an. early hour this
morning. The- loss la ifo'OOO. with no Insurance!
BALKM. Or., Dec. 17.— The steamer Ruth of
the Ortpon Railroad and Navigation line struck
°"»'1 a « and sank In ten feet of water near
Corvallls at U o'clock this morning. She haa a
cargo of prunes, oat»s and hay,
REDWOOD CITY. Deo. 17 The trial of th"
action Inntltuted by the Souther* l PacUlo Rail
road Company acalnst A, J\ Johnson to "on.
demn a strip of land at Belmont for double
t™d«y. PUrP ° Be ' c ? ramenced betor« Judea. Buck
BPOKANE, Dee. U— The pollee ifave neni-ed
notice on all »Aloon<keepeni to remove within
fortye R ht hour; all ,\gna wadln* "Family en'
trance or "ladles' entrance," ami to put up
yUnn »tntln« that mlnon aw not al lowed on
BACRAMKNTO, Dee. IT.— Ju*lm Huaheg.Jn
the Muntrtor Court te-tlay, deelrte.Mn h\ar of
the State a suit drought though Controller Col-
Mum* of otnetnl Imllot \m\^r sunjtlleii the Cltv
and County of San FranelKeo by aecrotary of
Blttlo, l>\!fry. v
*$£?&' 1VH!l '?'"" Tha «»nllctttlon of Hen
rietta Moore, an Inmate er Nairn State ■itPupl
till, to be rnlea«ed from that fnitltutlon on «
writ of hab«an.soi:n(« was hennl by Judge
Ham yesterday and the petitioner was granted
her freedom, Judge Ham based his decision on
the recent rultn* made by the Buureme Court
that. the new insanity law la invalid.
McKintey is to rise- eight feet in height.
The model shows the President standing
erect with silk hat carried at his side,
his Prince Albert buttoned and overcoat
unbuttoned and hanging in natural folds.
His right hand rests at his side. The pose
is characteristic- and the drawing tech
nically correct, the expression winning
"and; gentle, Just as the great - original's
was in life. There is an entire absence of
trickery in the composition, nothing in the
direction of striving after effects at the
expense of truthfulness.
After the committee had viewed th% de
signs in San Francisco, it was decided
to have Aitken. send his model to this
city, which was done. ■ • ;
,<*The people of Santa Clara County have
raised upward of $15,000 for the proposed
memorials, and it is the intention to pro
ceed rapidly with the work.
MODEL. OF SCULPTOR R. I.
■ AITKEN'S McKINLEY MEMO
RIAL, MONUMENT. ' ...
BOHN IS GIVEN
HIS CHILDREN
Point Loma Theosophists
Are Defeated in
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— Judge Shaw
to-day decided in favor of the father the
contest between John J. Bohn, a news
paper publisher of Chicago, and his wife
for the custody of their two children. The
case came to the Los Angeles court from
San Diego on a writ of habeas corpus,
sworn out by Bohn, and has attracted
considerable interest owing to the fact
that Mrs. Bohn has been attended at all
the sessions of the court by Madame Ttag
ley, head of the Point Loma home of the
Universal Brotherhood, and other officials
in that branch of theTheosophical Soci
ety. The taking of testimony occupied
four days.
Madame Tingley was on the witness
stand this forenoon and part of the after
noon and her testimony was all in favor
of Mrs.. Bohn. She told of the several
visits of Bohn to tho Point Loma home
and asserted that his real purpose was to
kidnap his children. The witness recount
ed the details of her first meeting with the
Bohn family and told why she would not
admit the children to the school in her
Institution. Continuing, she said that she
believed that Bohn and Mrs. Green, his
wife's mother, exercised a diabolical in
fluence over .the two Bohn children and
their mother. She talked nervously and"
was warned repeatedly by the court for
talking back and scolding the opposing
counsel. -^7
When the testimony was concluded
Judge Shaw gave the custody of the two
boys to Bonn and required him to supply
a bond in the sum of $500 for their safe
presentation in ■ Chicago by Thursday
next, < in compliance with an order of a
Chicago court wherein divorce proceed
ings between the Bohns are pending.
Druggist Will Be Released.
PEORIA, 111.. Dec. 17.— Edward L. Here
ford, a druggist, who came here from San
Francisco and began divorce proceedings
against his wife, and who was convicted
of perjury about two weeks ago and sen
tenced to the penitentiary, will be released
on. bail and his case carried to the Su
preme Court. Cora Strubel, the woman
Hereford wished to marry, is still in the
city awaiting the outcome of the case.
Temblor Alarms the Slavonians.
VIENNA, Dec. 17.— A sharp earthquake
shock was felt In Agram and in several
other Croatian towns Tuesday afternoon.
Much property was damaged. The peo
ple were panic stricken, but no lives wero
lost.
Salt Rheum
You may call It eewma, tetter or mil*
crust, . •
But no matter what you call It, this akin
dlseai* win. comes in patches that burn.
Itch, discharge a watery matter. , dry and
scale, owes Its existence to the presence of
humors in the lystcm.
It will continue to exist, annoy, and per-
haps agonise, as long m these humors
remain. ,
. It is always radically and permanently
cured by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which expels all humors, and is positively
Unequalled for aiV cutaneous eruptions. •
GOLD AT SUMMIT
OF FRENCH HILL
Calaveras County Miner
Strikes Rich Quartz
Prospect.
.> * ■
Rock Jutting Out at Surface
Yields Thousand Dollars
to the Ton.
MOKELUMNE HILL, Dec. 17.— M. A.
Kiser to-day discovered a rich quartz
prospect on the summit of. French Hill,
in the eastern suburbs of town. The for
mation is of porphyry and pieces of rock
taken practically at the surface and put
through' hand-crushing show ~a prospect
that would at a conservative estimate
yield $1000 to the ton. The rock crops oui
prominently on the surface, and was prob
ably walked over unnoticed by thou
sands of miners, because of its peculiar
character and close resemblance to
country rock. The gold is extremely fine.
Just below this J. B. Maguire, while
ground sluicing during the last heavy
rain, found a quartz nugget valued at $S.
This prospect is within a few hundred
yards of the old French Hill placer i
diggings, which were in early days the i
richest in the State.
"Bogie" O'Donnell Injured.
. SUISUN, Dec. 17.— W. T. O'Donnell of
San Francisco, I better known as "Bogle"
O'Donnell, met a serious accident here to
day and lies In a precarious condition
this evening in the Arlington Hotel.
O'Donnell accepted an Invitation from
Lewis Pierce to accompany him and one
of his drivers on a horseback ride to one
of the Pierce ranches near town to drive
in a band of sheep. O'Donnell mounted
his horse on Main street and, as he held
the reins too tightly, the animal reared
and fell backward on top of him, the horn
of the saddle striking him In the groin.
Dr. Downing expressed the opinion that
O'Donnell's injuries are of a serious na
ture, as there is danger of internal com
plications.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— Judge Darling of
Vermont formally assumed the duties of As
sistant Secretary of. the Navy to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Good Medicine.
'-|:Jmach troubles are so common and In
most cases so obstinate to cure that people
are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acuteness in never being humbugged,
especially in medicines.
This fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far, so far, in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines, for
the reason that they are not a secret pat-
ent medicine. No secret is made of their
ingredients, although they are sold by all
druggists under protection of trade mark,
but analysis shows them to contain the
natural, digestive ferments, pure aseptic
pepsin, the digestive acids, Golden Seal,
bismuth, hydrastls and nux. They are
not cathartic, neither do they act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure indiges-
tion on the common sense plan of digest-
ing the food eaten thoroughly before it
has time to ferment, sour and cause the
mischief. This is the only secret of their
success. •..-'
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure indigestion and stomach troubles, be-
cause they act entirely on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble is really In the
stomach. ?
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken , after
meals digest the food. T,hat is all there is
to it. Food not digested or half-digested
is poison, as it creates gas, acidity, head-
aches, palpitation of the heart, loss of
,1esh and many other troubles which are
often called by some other name.
Announcement
m «»*l T0 THE
\»> PUBLIC
ST I V&7 I ' " |~|WINO TO THE FA-
VI \ \ JTVf // " vorable criticism and
1\ I \J' Jl // many inquiries received
by us from the medical profession and others
Interested regarding: our statement that the so-
called weakness of men is not a weakness, but
symptoms of inflammation of the Prostate
Gland (neck of bladder), caused by contracted
disorders and I early dissipation, and that Loss
of Vitality, Prematureness, etc., are Invariably
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
this inflammation, we wish to state to these
many Inquiries, In the columns of the press,
that it takes approximately ten weeks to cur«
these disorders of the male. The treatment is
entirely a local one. as no drugging the stomach,
is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at nome under our direction. We will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one interested In the subject, will '
be found a great advantage in "Home Diagno-
sis," as well as a study for all Interested la
their anatomy. Verjr respectfully,
DR. TALCOn & CO., 997 Market SU
California
Limited...
KSsjjis&^^r s^*3k5&v!??rS
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
nigh-class accommodations have made
It ths most popular with travelers.
From S«n Frincbco. daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office — 641 Marks: Street.
\A/. T. HESS, ,
NOTART FCBUO AND ATTORMBT-AT-LAW.
Tenth floor. Room HHJ, ciaus SprecktU Bid*.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence Ml California St., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1301.
, r • •
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDS~
: I regard my COLD CURE as morb
' valuable than a life insurance policy.
• It not only cures colds in the head,
• colds in the lungs, colds is the bones,
¦ but it wards off dangerous disease* #
; such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
• nia, and consumption.—
1 Manyon's Rheumatism Care seldom fails t<*reii:w
in one to three hcurs, and cures in a few days.
! Manyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all
' forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
allays soreness and speedily heals the lungs.
' j Manyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains in the
I back, loins or groins, and all f ormsof kidney disease.
i Manyon's restores lost powersto weak men!
I All toe cures are 35 cents, at any drug store.
IHunyon r i Guide to Health should be in tht
hands of every mother. It will help them to know
the symptoms of every disease ana tell them the
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
HUSTON'S IXHALEB CUBES CATARRH.
United States Branch.
/STATEMENT
I OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
"¦'-OF THE ™" ¦
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON TH» j
31st day of December. A. D. 19001 aodM
for the year ending on that day, as made tvW
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Cod*, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS. .
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $712, 877 99
Cash In Company's Office 189 14
> Cash In Banks 63,808 ST
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.291
Premiums in due Course of Collection 87,770 47
Total Assets ...." 1807.687 87
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,690 29
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense • 17.083 2]
Losses resisted. including expenses. 5,280 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $372,732 02;
reinsurance 50 per cent 180,370 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $137,-
903 90; reinsurance pro rata 73.900 13
All other liabilities O2J298 4*
Total Liabilities $838,510 13
INCOME.-
Net cash actually received for Fire
* premiums $438,312 M
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 21,303 68
Total Income .*....'. $400,379 83
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $69,922 28. losses of pre- •
vious years) $371,790 01
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120.813 23
Paid for Salaries. Fees and otfter .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,000 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 12.400 69
All other payments and expenditures 19.738 36
Total Expenditures $527. 98
« Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $320,740 60
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $33,162,147 $616,603 83
Net amount of Risks •
expired during the
year 08,364, 740 694,633 01
Net amount In force
December 81, 1900. 42,437.319 510.703 93
SAML. R. WEED
(Of Weed A Kennedy). Managers. '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this TtJa
day of February. 1001,
T. FISHBECX. Notary Public
SYZ <& CO.. General Agents,
San Francisco. Cat
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
BALOISE FIRE
I INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BASLE, SWITZERLAND. ON TH»
31st day of December, A. D. 1900. and for
the year ending on that day as mad* to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
RIO and fill of the Political Cede, condensed
as per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $000,829 00
Cash in Company's Office 809 40
Cash In Banks 117.373 99
Interest - due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.100 01
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ; 66.139 21
Total Assets ... $830,280 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........ 810.397 88
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17,003 71
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 8,983 08
Groas premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $.107.023 20;
reinsurance 60 per cent 133,813 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $130,-
134 17; reinsurance pro rata 68,784 19
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
•tc 904 80
All other liabilities 81.121 40
Total Liabilities $290,829 0*
INCOME. tVT
Net cash actually received for Or* .
premiums $300,391 71
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from ' 9B3B
all other sources 38.997 U
Total Income $404,378 si
BJXPKNDlTtTRSS.
Net Amount paid for Fire Leases
(including $33,111 73. losses of pre-
vious years) $278,901 01
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .,, 139.900 71
Paid for Salaries. Fees. and other
charges for officers, clerks, a to. . 1 999 00
Paid (or State. National aad Local
taxes ........... 3.089 71
All other payments *nd expend! -
««*•• 1.101 90
Total expenditure* . . $407,409 13
Los«»s Incurred >lurlnjr the y tax.... $534.833 38
Risk and Pr+mlutnZ yH»W099)|riiilOOM
Net amount of Ul*«»
written during tit*
»•- M3.W»T,n» 9803.37* IU
Net amount ¦•; "tea*
»*r'r«"l <lurlr* the
„)"»' ••¦ «.«<3T.<M 47ft,IUi 91
N«t am-.. In f«re»
D«c«iab«f »i, JftQO.... »,aaa t To»< 437,139 4,1
KAMU R. WHIP tof W—4 » K«OB*ty),
8ub«crib*il tnrt •w*tn to b#tori» mTSEi a*fi*"
day nt .Itnti«rr. IPOl. r. riSHPECK.
n»»'k /« « N-jtary Public
BTZ > COy O»ni»r»»» Aeenf,
« Ban rrnneiwctx. Cal.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year!WAVES HANDS
FOR THE MONEY
The Complainant Against
Dowie Tells of Some
Mysteries.
"Witness In Chicago Court
Describes the "Healer's"
Practice.
CHICAGO, Deo. 17.— Testimony -was of
fered before Judge Tuley to-day In the suit
for the appointment of a reoetver for John
Alexander Dowle'a Zion lace Industries to
show that Dowle possessed some myste
rious power over his disciples, and that
bj^neans of it he induced them to obey
hi* commands Implicitly.
Samuel Stevenson, the plaintiff, who
charges Dowle with having defrauded
mm or $155,000 by his power, went on the
witness stand again at the opening session
and swore that Dowle waved his hands
and exerted this Influence by pressing him
closely to his body.
The attorney for the defense tried to
nave this power appear In the records as
magnetism, but the court would not per
mit It. Stevenson testified that three
times he had felt an indescribable awe
when Dowie pressed him to his body, and
that from this influence he and other per
sons felt that Dowle could call down a
curse upon him effectually. He related
how Dowle Is said to havo declared that
If Dwisrht L. Moody did not cease his
fight against Zion he would not say that
Moody might not die. and that later
Dowie told how Moody had taken sick
and died. Stevenson told how three times
he had tried to get out from under
Dcwie's influence, but had failed until
now.
During the testimony a dramatic recital
was made how Dowle had declared him
self to be Elijah the Restorer, how at the
"last day" he would be caught up In the
clouds, and of the dark days to come for
all outside Zion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COUGHING
MQHT
LQ\G
THOUSANDS PREPARING THE LUN6S FOR
PNEUMONIA AND CONSUMPTION
IN THIS WAY. '
HOW TO PREVENT IT.
"I coughed all night long ," Is an ex-
pression you hear dally at this season of
the year, and these same people are the
very ones who later on will sicken and
die of pneumonia or consumption.
It is the strangest thing In the world
j^iat people having a slight pain ¦ In the
e tomach will rush to the doctors' or drug-
gists' for medicine, but do nothing for a
cough that Is irritating the bronchial
tubes and lungs and making them ready
to receive and nourish the germs of pneu-
monia and consumption, which are In-
haled daily by every living person.
Formerly there might have been some
excuse for this, but now that the United
States Health Reports and Government
Statistics have pointed out a remedy by
•which coughs, catarrh and consumption
can be cured, there is none.
Hyomei, the new dry air germicide, is
the only remedy ever endorsed by such
an authority, and during the past year
has. reduced the death rate from consump-
tion 35 per cent.
Coughs, Colds, Croup, Catarrh and Con-
sumption cannot exist where Hyomei Is
breathed daily. There are no teaspoonful
doses, nothing but a little Inhaler charged
v.-ith Hyomel. A few inhalations at any
time during the day or night will allay all
Irritation, stop the cough and destroy all
disease germs breathed into the head,
throat and lungs.
Hyomel costs but 51.00 either at your
ciuggist's or sent by mail and will last
one month if used twenty times daily.
Send for a trial treatment and our book
en respiratory diseases. Both are free.
The B. T. Booth. Co., Ithaca, N. Y.
*— ;
Oriental
Rug
Sale • • .
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 % Discount
from regular prices.
Chas. M. Pium & Go.
1301-1307 MARKET ST.
VIM, VIGOR, > H ALi 1 Y tor MtN
X &8^r\> MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
•SVtf E\ have been In use over Ilrty
f-A'&ifi&fX vears by the leaders of tlie
/-J*f *X iJ!i?3a Mormon Church and their
®> V., VIGOR, Positively lor MtN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In u»« over flrty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively care tho
D'jSS/'SisSSa worst cases In old and young
r l!wiV »j55 arifing from effects of seif-
y?^T>.\>£gy ttuse. dissipation, excesses or
V^* 1 S.&-''2f cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
v5fi«.2Sfir Manhood. Impotency, Lost
\:a2Fj*/ Power. Night Losses, Insom
n!a. Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
rr Loss of 6emen. mmm ~. Varlcocele or Con-
Etipatlon. Stop Ner K|J vous Twitching of
Eyelids. EfTectisare *<^>rL Immediate, Im-
part vigor lpot« CENTS ncy to every func-
tion Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore Email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box: 6 for
12 E0 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address UIEHOP REMKDY CO., 40 Ellis St.,
fian Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
and 40 Third st.
2gtjLJ)jBSr INJECTION. |
A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of th« most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i [
? and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 V> 6 <
2 <Uy« ; no other treatment required. >
5 Sold by all druggists. ?
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
1/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.—
*» modeled and renovated. KING. WARD St
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50o to $1 60 day;
SB to ft week; $S to $20 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
«T«t7 room; elevator runs all night.
SENATORS NAME
THE COMMITTEES
The Republicans Meet in
Caucus and Submit
Their Report
Platt of Connecticut An
nounces Those Who Will
Be Members.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 17.— The Republi
can Senators met in caucus to-day to
bear the report of committees which had
completed the Republican assignments.
The report was made by Senator Platt of
Connecticut, chairman of the committee.
The report of the committee was adopted
and the Republican membership of the
Senate committees will b« as follows:
Appropriations — Alllion. Hale, Cullom, Per
kins. Sewell. Warren, Wetmore and Quay.
Finance— Aldrich. Allison, Platt (Conn.),
Burrows. Platt (N. V.), Haasbrough. Bpooner,
Jones (Nev.).
Foreigm Relations— Cullom, Frye, Lodge,
Clark (Wyo.). Foraker, Spooner, Fairbanks,
Kean.
Commerce — Frye, McMillan. Elkins, Nelson.
Callinser, Penrose, Hanna, Mason, Depew,
Jones (Nev.). Perkins.
Judiciary— Hoar, Platt (Conn.), Clark (Wyo.),
Fairbanks, Simon, Nelson. McComas, Depew.
Interstate Commerce — Elkina, Cullom, Al
drlch. Kean, DolUver. Foraker, Clapp. Mlllard.
Interoceanlo Canals— Hawley, Platt (N. V.),
Hanna. Pritchard. Mitchell, Millard, Klttredge.
Naval Affairs — Hale, Perkins, McMillan,
Platt (N. V.), Hanna, Perrose, Galllnger.
Philippines — Lodge, Aliison, Hale, Proctor,
Beveridge, Burrows, McCcmas, Dietrich.
Military Affairs — Hawley, Proctor. Sewell,
Warren, Burrows, Quarles, Scott.
Postofflces and Poet Reads — Mason; Penrose,
Elklns. Dolllver, Lodge, JJeboe, Beverldge, Dll
lingham. Mitchell.
Privileges and Elections — Burrows. Hoar,
PritcharS, McComas, Foraker. Depew, Bever
idge DilUnghcpn.
Relations with Cuba — Platt (Conn.), Aldrich,
Cullom. JicMUliJi, Spooner, Deboe. Burnham.
Pacific Islands and Porto Rico — Foraker, De
pew, Wetmore, Foster (Wash.), Mitchell,
Kearns, Burton.
Publlo Lands — Hansbrough. Nelson. Clark
(Wyo.), Bard, Kearns, Gamble, Burton. Diet
rich.
Indian Affairs — Stewart, Platt (Conn.),
Quarles McCumber, Bard, Quay, Clapp,
Gamble, McLaurin (S. C).
Agriculture and Forestry — Proctor, Hanu
brough. Warren, Foster (Wash.), Dolllver,
Quarles, Quay.
District of Columbia — McMillan, Galllnger,
Hansbrough, Prltchard. Stewart. Dllllngham,
Foster (Wash.). Wellington.
Publio Buildings and Grounds — Fairbanks,
Warren, Simon, Scott; Quarles, McCumber,
Wellington.
Territories — Beveridge, Sewell, Dllllngham,
Nelson. Bard, Quay. Burnham.
Rules — Spooner, Aldrich, Hoar, Elklns.
Census— Quarles, Hale, Platt (N. V.), Mc-
Cumber, McComas. Burton, Gamble.
Claims — Warren. Mason, Stewart, McCum
ber, Kean, Clapp. Burnham. Klttredge. Mc-
Laurin (S., C).
Printing— Platt (N. V.). Elklns.
Immigration — Penrose, Fairbanks. Lodge.
Mason, Sewell. Proctor.
Coast and Insular Survey — Foster (Wash.),
Hawley. McMillan. Fairbanks. Wellington.
' Audit and Control of Contingent Expenses
of Senate — Jones (Nev.). Gallinger, Kean.
Civil Service and Retrenchment — Perkins,
Lodge. Elkins. Platt fN. V.), Millard.
Coast Defenses — Mitchell. Hawley, Burrows,
Fenrose. Dietrich. Wellington.
Corporations Organized in the District of Co
lumbia—Aldrich. McMillan, Wellington.
Education and Labor — UcComas, Penrose,
Dolliver, Clapp, Burnham.
Engrossed Bills — Hoar and Clapp.
Enrolled Bills — Sewell and Hanna.
Establish the University of the United States
— Deboe, Frye, Foraker, Wetmore, Burnham,
Kittredge. Wellington.
Examine the Several Branches of the Civil
Service — Clapp. Foraker. Hoar and Deboe.
Fisheries— Bard. Proctor, Dillirgham, Foster.
Forest Reservations and the Protection of
Game — Burton. Depew, Perkins. Clark (Wyo.),
Pritchard. Kearns, Kittredge.
Geological Survey — Kean, Elklns, Allison,
Fairbanks.
Improvement of Mississippi River and Its
Tributaries — Nelson, Dolliver, Millard and Mc-
Laurin (S. C).
Indian Depredations — Gamble, Deboe, Bever
idpe. Dillingham. Kearns, Dietrich.
Irrigation and Reclamation of Arid Lands —
Simon, Warren, Stewart. Quarles. Bard, Quay,
Kearns. Dietrich.
Library — Wetmore and Hansbrough.
Manufactures — McCumber, Mason, Foster
(Wash.). McLaurin (S. C).
Mines and Mmmg — Scott, Stewart, Hanna,
Clark (Wyo.), Kearns.
Organization, Conduct and Expenditures of
the Executive Departments — Quay, Wetmore,
Mason. Beveridge. McLaurin (S. C).
Pacific Railroads — Dolliver, Frye, Foraker,
Stewart. Millard.
Patents — Pritchard, Platt (Conn.), McComas,
Kittredge. *
Pensions — Gallinger. Pritchard. Deboe, Mc-
Cumber. Scott, Foster, Burton, Simon.
Private Land Claims — Hale, Kean, Gamble,
Burton.
Public Health and National Quarantine —
Jones (Nev.), Gallinger, Spooner, Deboe. De
pew.
Railroads — Clark (Wyo.). Nelson, Lodge,
Hawley, Wetmore, Scott, Bard.
Relations with Canada — Hanna, Hoar, Hale,
Fairbanks, Cullom.
Revision of the Laws of the United States —
Depew, Burrows. Pritchard, -Mitchell, Burn
ham.
Revolutionary Claims — Simon, Galllnger, Mil
lard.
Transportation Routes to the Seaboard — Dll
llngham, Clark (Wyo.), Perkins, Gamble, Mc-
Laurin.
Select Committees — Investigate the condition
of the/Potomac River front at Washington —
Millard. Frye, Scott, Beveridge.
Woman Suffrage — Wetmore, Bard, Mitchell.
Additional Accommodations for the Library
of Congress — Cullom. Allison, Mitchell.
Five Civilized Tribes of Indians — Burton,
Dietrich, Kittredge.
Transportation and Sale of Meat Products —
McCumber, McComas, Clapp.-
Industrtal Expositions — Burnham. Hawley,
Hansbrough, Lodge, Scott, Wellington, Mc-
Laurin.
National Banks — Kearns, Burrows Penrose.
Investigate Trespassers Upon Indian Manila
— Dietrich and Simon.
etanaai£«. Weights and Measures — Klt
tredge, Simon and Dolllver.
CAUPOBNTANS ABE HONOBED.
Senators From. This State Secure Im
portant Places on Committees.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— Senators Per
■ kins and Bard secure remarkably good
'committee positions • under the re-ar
rangement of the Senate committees an
nounced to-day. Perkins retains his for
mer desirable and Influential places on
I tiio Appropriations and Naval Affairs
committees, and gets in addition a place
on the Important Committee on Com
merce, which has charge of the river and
harbor legislation in the Senate. He ex
changes his former chairmanship of the
Fisheries Committee, which now goes to
Senator Bard, for that of the Civil Ser
vice Committee, and also becomes a
member of the Committee of Forest Res
ervations and Transportation Routes to
the Seaboard, giving up his former posi
tion on Education and Labor, Pacific Isl
ands and Porto Rico, and Coast and Insu
lar Survey.
Bard, for a comparatively new mem
ber of the Senate, is fortunate In his
committee assignments. He is placed on
the following committees: Fisheries
(chairman). Public Lands, Indian Affairs,
Territories, Irrigation and Reclamation
of Arid Lands, Railroads, Woman Suf
frage. - - .
Veteran Freezes and Dies.
LAFAYETTE, Ind.,,Dec. 17.— Benjamin
Atkins, a civil war veteran, aged seventy
years, was found at his home in West
Lafayette to-day frozen to death.
• •
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— The House Com
mittee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce to
day fixed January 11 for taking up the Pacific
cable question.
THE PURE V J
GRAIN COFFEE
Grain-0 is not a stimulant, like
coffee. It is a tonic and its effects
are permanent.
A successful substitute for coffee,
because it has the coffee flavor that
everybody likes. ''...'
Lots of coffee substitutes In the
market, but only one food drink—
firain-O.
AH grocer*; 15c and 28c.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
JURY WILL PASS TO-DAY ON GUILT
OR INNOCENCE OF STANTON'S SLAYER
Several Prominent Citizens of Vallejo Testify to the Good Reputation Borne
by the Defendant, Who Claims That He Shot in Defense of His Own
Life When He Slew the Man Who Boasted of Having Deceived His Sister
MRS. STANTON, "WIDOW OF THE VICTIM OF DUNPHY'S VENGEANCE, TESTIFYING ON THE WITNESS
STAND THAT HER HUSBAND NEVER CARRIED A REVOLVER, THREE MEMBERS OF THE DEFENDANT'S
FAMILY AND THE MEN WHO WILL DECIDE HIS FATE. -
P-JTS HE trial of James Dunphy of Val-
I lejo for the killing of Edward
I Stanton on the evening of Septem-
Ji ber 27, came to a close In Judge
Cook's court yesterday. The jury
will be charged this morning by the court
and the case submitted for a verdict.
"William Collins, who was ordered into
court to explain why he failed to remem
ber whether he was ever convicted of the
crime of kidnaping two girls, took the
stand yesterday and admitted that he was
convicted of the offanse charged. He tes
tllied that he disliked to make the admis
sion last Friday because he was loth to
have his past paraded before the public
view. On his examination in behalf of the
defendant he swore that he saw a pistol
in Stanton's possession. The prosecution
sought to impeach Collins by showing
NOTABLE REPRESENTATIVES OF CAPITAL AND LABOR ARE FOR INDUSTRIAL PEACE.
Continued From Page One.
human family has been for a better condi
tion of those who work," Gompera traced
the history of the toller from captivity In
the hands of the conqueror, through
slavery and serfdom, down to modern
times.
Must Merge Interests.
"It is as Idle to think that the indlvid
ua. worker can secure justice as to think
that the rudderless ship can escape the
tempest," said Gompers. "It is necessary
for him to merge his interests with his
fellows and thus obtain his rights. I have
not and I will not now join In the hue
and cry against combinations of cabital.
I may say, parenthetically, that I do ob
ject to the trusts Interfering with. the po
llu;al affairs of the country, and partic
ularly with the judiciary. Dealing with
them Industrially, I welcome them. I
also wish to see organization of the work
ers, and I believe the best interests of
the two will prevail when their repre
sentatives meet and fairly and honestly
adjust their differences. They are jointly
elements in the production and distribu
tion of wealth. The employer has no
right to say to the laborer that there is
nothing between them to arbitrate. That
declaration has all the vlciousness of the
old relation of the .master and slave."
Gompers expressed objection to the
OFFICIALS OF NEWFOUNDLAND.
Continued From Page One.
Government desired to consult me regard
ing life saVing stations. For many rea
sons Nova Scotia would be as desirable
for the site of a large North American
station as Newfoundland, if not prefera
ble. Halifax has the advantage of being
on the mainland and closer than St. Johns
to the business centers of the continent.
I must confess, however, that my hope
is that the station will be near St. Johns.
This is largely a matter of sentiment, as
both the Government and the people have
shown me every kindness.
"If I can receive electric signals here
from Cornwall, I ought to be able to re
ceive them from Canada- At any rate I
am going to. try. I hear .that Tesla ad
mits the success of my experiments here,
but I understand that Sir William Preeco
has stated in- London that our system can
never compete with • cables. i-Well, I much
prefer to have my own opinion about
that." ' •'•-•':
Asked why he did not remain until ne
gotiations with the Anglo-American Com-
that he was convicted of a felony.
A number of witnesses were Introduced
to show that Dunphy's reputation In and
about Vallejo for years past was good.
These who testified In his behalf were
Frank R. Devlin. District Attorney of So
lano county, D. G. Halliday, County
Clerk, W. T. Kelly, President of the Board
of City Trustees, and John A. Brown, Jus
tice of the Peace.
Testimony was then offered tending 1 to
show that Stanton had made a boast of
the fact that he had deceived Kittle Dun
phy. R. D. Dunphy, father of the defend
ant, testified that he told his son of the
trouble that had come upon the family,
at*J that he had expressed the opinion that
Stanton was a scoundrel. Other testimony
tended to show that Stanton expected
trouble and that he was preparing for the
storm.
Mrs. Eva Stanton, widow of deceased,
Continued From Pago One.
plan of holding labor unions responsible)
for damages in action arising from their
relations with their employers, and ex
pressed the opinion that they have suf
fered enough for the errors they made
in such cases. Continuing, Gompers said:
"Labor need have no fear for the
future. Absolute assurance for it lies In
the Justice of Its cause, the humane prin
ciples upon which it works, and in the
grit and courage which make up the
American people."
Should -Reason Together.
John Mitchell, president of 'the United
Mine Workers of America, strongly advo
cated peace. .
"I think," he said, "the solution ofltho
labor problem Is not a difficult one. It
needs no introduction of Utopian ideas.
Men should reason together, and when
they are met they should be honest with
one another. I have never seen a strike
that could not have been .averted if -the
two interests had met fairly in advance
If the great plan outlined before this con
ference is carried out It will do more
good than any other movement in our
country. As one who knows the effect
of industrial war. no one will welcome
more than I Industrial peace. I have al
ways been for peace, only insisting that
the peace be honorable peace." ■. -
Ben Tlllet of London, one of the Eng
lish representatives at the meeting of the
American Federation of Labor, and James
pany were concluded, he said that they
would take some time and, besides might
ci.me to nothing.
Marconi declines to say anything about
the Cape Cod station, except that it is
already established and being completed
and will be ready soon, when he will at
tempt direct communication with Eng
land.
There is a widespread and growing feel
ing of indignation here over the Anglo-
American Telegraph Company's attitude
toward Marconi. The view taken by thq
public is that the company, seeing that
only two years of its monopoly remain
should not prevent the colony from en-
Joying the benefits of the new Invention
especially as it: may take that period to
perfect the Marconi system.
Postage on Christinas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con-
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic t . .5 cents
Foreign 9 cents
robed In mourning, took the stand and
testified positively that her husband never
carried a revolver. She told of a conver
sation with Witness Collins, in which he
informed her that he had said to Attor
ney J. J. Barrett, counsel for Dunphy,
that he had never seen Stanton with a
pistol. The evidence was important, In
that it flatly contradicted Collins' state
ment regarding Stanton's alleged habit of
carrying weapons.
The testimony in rebuttal was offered
with a view to showing that Stanton never
carried a revolver. The question of bring
ing Kittle Dunphy into court was consid
ered. • She is at St. Mary's Hospital, and
as it would be necessary to bring her
into court upon a stretcher. Prosecuting
Attorney Alford admitted all that she
might testify to. The case was then ar
gued,-and Judge Cook announced that he
wou?d charge the jury this morning.
Duncan, first vice president of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor,, also spoke.
. -Ireland's Eloquent Plea. .
Archbishop Ireland made the closing ad
dress of the conference. He said In part:
"May the winds carry the news over the
continent and around the world that such
a" meeting as this has taken place In the
great city of New York. The hope of the
twentieth century is that the great prin
ciples of brotherhood, charity and justice
announced by the holy one of Palestine
shall become wider and deeper at this
time than at any other. Let us have In
dustrial peace. Let employer and em
ploye know that they are brothers. Let
charity and justice, and justice more
than charity, be the prevailing light of
this great nation."
Sargent then moved that a general ex
ecutive committee, composed of ten rep
resentatives of labor, ten of capital and
ten from the general public, be appointed
to take up the movement fostered by the
conference. The resolution was adopted
and Chairman Strauss soon after an
nounced the committee.
A sub-committee of three to consider
plans, scope and' procedure was appoint
ed.
The executive committee will meet to
morrow for organization, the election of
offlcenrand the drafting of a plan upon
which to work. • ■ "
CARTER'S ATTORNEY
WANTS EXAMINATION
Effort Being Made to Determine tlio
Ownership of Much Valuable '
Property. :."'
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— 8y turning over
about $50,000 more in stock belonging to
the estate of . Captain" Oberlin M. Carter
Attorney Horace G. Stone says he has
complied with the terms of agreement
with the Government representatives and
is now ready to submit to an examination
of his client's transactions . to determine
the real ownership ■of the property' that
Is being held in trust by Receiver Max
Whitney. ■ .
The property now In the hands of
the receiver Is valued at nearly $500,000
and is said to be all the . convicted can
tain lays claim to.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 17.— A telegram
from Baku says the meeting of naphtha firms
summoned to deal with' the export question re
sulted In the withdrawal from the union of
the firms :of Nobel and Mantaachef. .Other
houses, headed by the Rothschilds, are said to
have formed a combination which 'ls expected
to Increase export prices.
SMITH LEAVES
THE CABINET
The Postmaster-General
His High
Position.
President Roosevelt Selects a
Wisconsin Man for
Office.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17. — Charles
Emory Smith of Philadelphia has ten
dered to the President his formal resigna
tion as Postmaster-General, to take effect
early next month, and Henry C. Payne of
Wisconsin, vice-chairman of the Repub
lican National Committee, has accepted
the tender of the ofltce, to which he will
be nominated immediately after the holi
day recess. Smith has agreed to remain
until January 10, if necessary, but will
return immediately thereafter to Philadel
phia to resume the editorship of the Phil
adelphia Press.
This change was formally announced at
to-day's session of the Cabinet. ' All the
members of the Cabinet expressed their
regret and the President paid a tribute to
the services and personality of the retir
ing: member of his official family. He said
that he- had sought to persuade Smith to
alter his determination and to remain in
the Cabinet, but without success, and he
had finally accepted Smith's reasons as
decisive* -
Smith first announced to the President
i the latter part of last month that he had
decided to return to his editorial duties.
The President at that time urged him to
remain. Smith, however, had been fre
quently reminded by his business associ
ates of the duties devolving upon him, and
was anxious to return to them. He had
several talks with President Roosevelt on
the subject, and nnaliy on Saturday after
noon last formally tendered to .the Presi
dent the following' letter of resignation:
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec 14, 1901.
My Dear Mr. President: Following, my ver
bal communication uf some time ago, {I beg to
tender my resignation of the office of Post
master General, to take effect at your ■ early
convenience on the appointment and qualifica
tion of my successor. This step is taken In
fulfillment of a plan long since formed for
purely personal reasons, the execution of
which has been delayed until it could be car
ried out without embarrassing your declared
policy and . until department measures In
which I am' deeply interested could be satis
factorily advanced and assured.
In laying down the trust committed to my
hands I want' to thank you most sincerely for
the confidence you have reposed in me, and lor
the great pleasure I have found in an asso
ciation which has deepened my esteem for you
personally and my admiration for- the spirit and
aims of your administration. With my beat
wishes that you may have the largest measure
of Buccess, I remain faithfully yours,
CHARLES EMORY SMITH.
Smith delayed the formal tender until
the President had chosen his successor.
Payne is now at his home in .Wisconsin.
His name will go into the Senate for con
firmation the first week of January. H» is
expected to be ready to take charge of the
office by the middle of next month at the
latest. It is stated that no other changes
in the Cabinet are at present contem
plated. ' •
Smith has been Postmaster-General
since April 21, 1898, succeeding James A.
Gary of Maryland, virtually at the outset
of the Spanish war. Gary had been one
of President McKlnley's original Cabinet
appointees, but felt himself physically un
able to bear the strain of Cabinet duties
during the war.
MARINE. REWARDED FOB
HIS VALOR IN PEKING
Government Presents Medal and Casii
Prize to Private Erwin J. -
Boydston. '
VALISE JO. Dec. 17.— Private Erwln J.
Boydston was honored yesterday with the
presentation of a handsome bronze medal,
appropriately Inscribed, for valorous con
duct while under heavy fire during the
siege of the Peking legations. Colonel
Harrington made the speech of presenta
tion, but detailed the honor of pinning
the medal upon Boydston to Captain
"Jack" Meyers, because Meyers was com
manding officer of the company of ma
rines of which Boydston was a member
at the time of his heroic conduct. Accom
panying the medal was a money prize of
5100.
I Friedman g Furniture |
I, /T -^ V / r^ % % Ask "Him" If hi saw this * 1
I €41 lpnf* I InP* ad. It will be a good hint M
| xJfK^Cxi. V-/11V^. that you would like a nice £j
« Dressing Table for Christ- g
I mas. In the mean time come In and select one. We '11 put it aside for you. g
H *yb Some one In every home would Ilka B
i Vnmm rlln)lliMnr< *'* I and a PP rec!ate a Parlor Desl < as a H
i f^^^^SI iiiit^lPlP I - present. Beautiful woods, superb fin- g
H $H$JW 119 V JlP^ fit ishes, novel designs; prices up to $50. |j
H 1*7 " 5 I Sf l """ 1 i-jjm^ One in mahogany finish with handy |i
I tMMM* MM V '' : jl| shelf and locked writing leaf $3.25 H
I ijiig»yEx e est " 1 ' nss I " or e a y 3 a
m ft !!• ¦ 1 h| nHiH^Rfl are t^ 105e at are S°°d all the year $1
H I] 11' ] I- uBss W^^^^P\Ufk round. Hundreds of new and odd f{
n liM-ii j > J|J |u^|B designs in Parlor Tables that have g
1 K3E"ffifiifi—^ £= ILuJJaaWl all-the-year attractiveness. »
Hipi At home I
""l Vj[| I "••• i "" **» m^^ Every one gets pleasure and profit out H
"'^^r'r^JL""--"---^ i^^ of a Bookcase combined with a writing 9
£-, tD^" " —^^k desk. This one has glass door, roomy y
O* T O £L f\ \ If w^j desk; capacity for a family's books, H
' lV«tJv/ LJILf*" Plate mirror. Golden oak $13.50 j]
I "The Credit House." Six Stories High.
235-235-237 g ft^\\ Goods Mariced in Plain T'<gg^ Prtr«t 9 Ex°<*lnct 1
{BBl " iiWTBiri'*ri#nyfY v fnBMfarfM7iTiiW,yiWifttfli''Thrl^B J i^BM^^igl^^^SgMgr
DB. KELMEB 3 SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TO FIND OUfi
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let It stand twenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling Indicates an un-
healthy jndition of the kidneys; If it
stains .e linen it la evidence of kidney
trouble; too frequent desire to pass It, or
pain In the back, is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are aut of
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There la comfort In the knowledge w
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every wish in curing rheuma-
tism, Dain In the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding pain in passing It, or
bad effects following use of liquor, win*
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists In flfty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottls of
Swamp-Root and a book that tells more
about it, both sent absolutely free by
mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-
hamton, N, T. "When writing mention
that you read this generous offer in thm
San Francisco Daily Call.
BRISK DEBATE
ON NEW COLONY
Philippine Islands * Rev
enue Bill Enlivens
Congress.
WASHINGTON". Dec. 17.— The bill to
provide temporary revenues for the Phil
ippine Islands was debated In the House
to-day and will be voted on to-morrow
at 4 o'clock. It was the first debate of
the session and was conducted without
display of. temper. Several lively ex
changes and an impassioned speech by
De Armond of Missouri, who has just re
turned from a trip to the Philippines, In
opposition to the retention of the Islands
were the features.
Payne, the floor leader of th© majority,
opened the debate. Owing to the indispo
sition of Richardson, the duty of opening
tor the minority devolved . upon Swanson
of "Virginia. The other speakers were
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio and Robertson (!>.>■
of Louisiana, for the bill, and Shafroth
(Silverite) of Colorado, De Armond (D.>
of Missouri, Thayer CD.) of Massachu
setts and Patterson (D.) of Tennessee,
against it.
To-morrow McCall. a Republican mem
ber of the Ways and Means Committee,
from Massachusetts, will oppose the bill,
time having been granted him by the
Democrats.
Payne aroused enthusiasm as he de
scribed the great work of civilization
which was going on along the line of edu
cation.
"Our friends on the other side," said
he, "howl about our imperialistic govern
ment over the natives. "We are trying to
lift them uo to the standard of American
citizenship." •
"Are you trying to fit them for citizen
ship In the United States or citizenship
In the Philippine Islands?" asked Games
of Tennessee.
"We will cross that bridge when wo
come to It," replied Payne. "But If you,
on the other side, will co-operate with u«
we will fit them for citizenship In the
Philippine Islands, the United States or
any other country." (Republican ap
plause.) •••••. ....
"We will co-operate with you, replied
Games, "when you carry the constitution
and the flag to the Philippines."
"I am surprised," observed Payne, "to
hear the gentleman from Tennessee make
that statement. He has just returned
from the islands. Is it possible he did
not carry the constitution and flag with
him?" ;,
34
FAVORITES' HARD LUCK CYCLE STILL CONTINUES AT THE RACECOURSE ACROSS THE BAY
CONGRESS MAY
MAKE INQUIRY
Schley Controversy Has
a Start in the
House.
Committee on Naval Affairs
Likely to Consider the
Matter.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.—Representa
tive Wheeler of Kentucky, a member of
the House Committee on Naval Affairs,
to-day introduced a. resolution for an in
vestigation of the Schley case. The reso
lution recites the results of the recent
court of inquiry and adds:
Wherea-«, Admiral George Dewey. recognized
us the foremost naval officer of the republic,
entirely disagrees and dippents from the opin
ion of his colleagues on said board of inquiry.
Whereas, The Americsn people desire that
the conduct of liear Admiral Schley should
be investigated and passed upon by citizens of
the republic in nowise connected or identified
■with the Navy Department, therefore, be it
Unsolved That the Committee on Naval Af
fairs of the House of Representatives foe direct
ed to inquire Into the conduct of Rear Ad
miral Schley from the time he assumed con
trol of the 'flying pquadron up to and includ
ing the engarement with the Spanish fleet off
the coast xjf Cuba.
Provi&ion is made for a report to the
House of Representatives, and authority
is given to send for persons and papers.
Senator MoComas of Maryland to-mor
row v.ill introduce in the Senate the fol
lowing resolution:
• Whereas. Commodore Schley was the senior
oflicer of our squadron off Santiago when the
Spanish squadron attempted to escape on the
morning of July 3, 180H, and.
Whereas, lie was in absolute command and
is entitled to the credit due to euch command
ing officer for the glorious victory -which re
suited in the total destruction of the Spanish
chips, be it enacted, etc.. that Rear Admiral
Winfleld Scott Fchley. of the United States
navy, retired, be hereafter paid out of any
money In the Treasury not otherwise appro
priated, the same pay and allowance he re
ceived as rear admiral from the active list of
said navy at the date of bis retirement by
reason of age.
Representative Griffith of Indiana in
troduced a resolution for an investigation
of the Navy Department and of the
Schley ca*. The preamble expresses
confidence in Admiral Schley, recites the
allegation of the Maclay history, and re
fers to reports that Captain Crownin
shield and other naval officers were
furnished proofs of this history. The large
amounts of prize money received by Ad
miral Sampson and Captain Ghadwick,
and the small amounts received by Ad
miral Schley and the captains of the ships
participating in the Santiago battle are
set forth as among the subjects to be in
vestigated.
l^idor Rayner and Mr. Teagne,. counsel
and assistant counsel, respectively, for
Admiral Schley, during the court of in
quiry, have gone to Baltimore and are
busily engaged In Uiat city to-day with
the preparation of the statement of the
objections to the court's findings which
Admiral Schley has been granted permis
sion to file with the reviewing authority.
Secretary Long this afternoon informed
Senator MoComas that he would grant
Admiral Schley's attorneys an extension
of twenty-four hours of the time origi
nally allowed them for the submission of
their statement. This will make the time
expire Thursday at 4 o'clock.
Stayton and "Moore, who appeared be
fore the court of inquiry as attorneys for
Admiral Sampson, have applied to Sec
retary Long for permission to be heard
in protest ugainst the approval by the
Secretary of the minority report written
by Admiral Dewey and appended to the
majority report of the court of Inquiry.
The Secretary has consented to receive
any papers they mav care to submit.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Hade in the Postal Servic»
and Pensions and Patents
Granted. ......
WASHINGTON'. D. C, Dec. 17.— The
Pwstoffice Department to-day announced
the following: Postmasters commissioned:
California— Matt Johnston, Jacksonville.
■Washington— Joseph P. Lemm, Tyee. Ru
lal free delivery will toe tstablished Feb
ruary 1, 3902, at Garrield, Whitman Coun
ty; Mount Vernon, Ska git County; Pa
louse, Whitman County. Washington.
These pensions wore granted: California
— Original— Joseph Rainey. San Jose, $8;
Peter Wells. San Francisco, $S; Frederick
Tagtmeir, Placerville. 58; Pius Albitz,
Boulder Creek, $6: Lucien B. Jewell, Elm
htirst. $10; Frederick D. Fraley, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $G; William P. Huklll, Be
nicla, $6; Barney McCourt, San Rafael, $6.
Increase— War with Spain— Oscar H. Hein
roth, Elmhurst, $17. Mexican war—Wil
liam Ealdridge, Veterans' Home. Napa,
$1.2. Widows— Helen B. Campbell, Hollis
ter, $8.
Oregon— Original— George P. Rich, Ori
ent, $S; John Stleger, Malheur, $6; Rogers
O. Woodward, Oregon City, $6. Increase-
Daniel H. Clough -dead). Hood River. $13.
Widows — Jane A. Clough. Hood River, $3.
Washington — Original — Bernard Do
laney. Soldiers' Home, Orting, $12.
These patents were granted to-day: Cal
ifornia—Bertram Hunt, San Francisco,
precipitating and recovering precious
metals from their solutions; Benjamin H.
Otis, assignor one-half to C. A. Slgafus,
Perris, miter box; Allsert Seidell, Arcata,
cartridge capping or decapping imple
ment; Henry Wendt, assignor to National
Faucet Company, San Francisco, tapping
bung.
Washington— William H. Bates, Dixie.
automatic brake, mechanism for railway
cars; John E. Coleman, Spokane, mining
apparatus, same, mining; Albert Seek,
Pullman, brace for buggy tops.
"WASHINGTON", Dec. 17.— Delegate Wilcox
of Hawaii to-day introduced a bill making the
leper colony of Hawaii a United States Govern
ment reservation and providing 1 that the colony
ehall be under the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREpOUMENL
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write: to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has -decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any lorm 'of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly," premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
f fleet of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
••til cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. .328 Elektron building, Fort
"Wayne, lad., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with- promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
Rexual ■weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a«free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. , r7 ;
CLEVER YOUNG BOXERS TO MEET
BEFORE BAY CITY ATHLETIC CLUB
Eddie Hanlon, the Conqueror of Frank Neal and
Jockey Bennett, Will Defend His Laurels in the
Bantam Class From Joe Hill, a Hard Hitter
WHAT promises td be one of
the best cards Of boxing pre
sented by any of the minor
clubs this year is offered to
night by the Bay City Ath
letic Club. "The bouts will be held In Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex.
Chief interest centers about the meet
ing of Eddie Hanlon and Joe Hill,, a pair
of clever bantam-weights. Hanlon de
feated Frank Neal in a sensational fight
and some two weeks ago he gained the
decision over Jockev Bennett. This was
one of the fastest fights of the season..
HU1 has a record as a knockout fighter
and has built up quite a reputation
around the minor clubs.
Jockey Bennett will meet Jack McFad
den at 110 pounds.
Charley Rochette is to make his reap
pearance in the ring, meeting Frank
George.
Bobbie Johnson, one of the best of the
105-pound class, will' meet Kid Ryan, a
San Francisco Athletic Club product.
Jack Coyne and Toddy Everitt will fight
at 125 pounds and Joe Angeli and Dan Sul
livan at 120 pounds.
James McDevitt will referee all bouts
and James Griffin will act as Judge.
BRITT MAY BOX SIMMS.
Efforts Being Hade to Induce Him to
Turn Professional.
"Billy" Lavigne, matchmaker of the
Acme Athletic Club, Oakland, is striving
to match Art Simms, the clever Akron,
Ohio, boxer, and Jimmy Britt, amateur
champion lightweight of the Pacific Coast.
If proper inducements are made, Brilt
will forsake, the amateur ranks and try
to win fame in the pugilistic world. It is
thought the directors of the Olympic Club
will try and dissuade the boxer from turn
ing professional as they want him to rep
resent the club next year in the amateur
championship contests in New York. •
Simms is conceded to be one of the best
lightweights in the country. His record
is a brilliant one. Britt has proven In his
contests at the Olympic Club and par
ticularly in his private "go" with Terry
McGovern that he is made of the right
stuff* He has also boxed with Simms and
feels confident that he can take Art's
SHAKING EARTH
DAMAGES TOWNS
Provinces in the Philip
pines Suffer Severe
Loss.
MANILA, Dec. 17.— The United States
Commission has finally decided to not
again interfere with the importation or
exportation of gold or silver, unless abso
lutely compelled to do so by force of cir
cumstances; but beginning with the year
1902 the commission will alter the two-to
one rate, in accordance with the existing
ratio in the hope of preventing the fur
ther export of gold and Atftrlcan bills.'
which are at present being shipped daily.
The reports from the provinces of tho
earthquake Sunday last show that yiey
suffered more severely than Manila. At
Batangas a eoldier was killed by falling
masonry. Ships felt the shock several
miles at sea.
Seven hundred bolomen have surren
dered In the Island of Samar, owing to
the lack of food. The son of the Gover
nor of the island of Negros was killed in
an engagement with ladrones. Four
cases of the plague have occurred here,
the flrst since October.
New Orleans Haces.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 17.— Results
First race, eeven furlongs — The Hoydon won,
Circus second, Goldaga third. Time, 1:30%.
Second race, selling, nix furlongs — Siren Son?
won, Sim W second, Kondellee third. Time,
1:1B.
Third race, Bellinc six furlongs — Lord Queux
won, O'llasan second. Serpent third. Time,
1:15.
Fourth race, mile — Frank M won, Kva Rice
second. Donna Seay third. Time, 1:42'4.
Firtli race, mile and an eighth, selling —
Peldrich won. Farmer Bennett second, Mr.
Phinizy third. Time. 1:W.
Sixth race, six furlonps— Boomerack won.
Master Mariner second, John GriKsby third.
Time. 1:1S%-
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— Colonel Tully Me-
Crea, Artillery Corps, has been assigned to
command the artillery of Puget Sound. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
measure. About two weeks ago both men
entered the ring: at the Olympic Club and
fought two fast rounds. Both tried for a
knockout and neither succeeded. The bout
was the best seen at the club in years.
Brltt has a peculiar style of boxing. He
crouches and has a knockout punch in
either hand. Should the match be made
CLEVER BOXERS WHO MEET*
TO-NIGHT IN MECHANICS:
PAVILION ANNEX.
the men will fight before the Acme Club
on the evening of January 10.
O'CONNOK IN THE BING.
Clever Jockey Is Matched to Box
Johnny Crowell.
Jockey Winnie O'Connor will have a
long cherished ambition fulfilled Friday
night. He has been matched to box four
rounds with Johnny Crowell at 106 pounds
on the night Gardner and Carter meet for
their second fight. Crowell is a product of
the San Francisco Athletic Club and is
expected to make Winnie think the race
track an easier place to earn money than
the prize ring. . '
The fight between Gardner and Carter is
expected to prove a whirlwind affair.
Gardner is anxious to wipe out his defeat
by Walcott, while Carter has unpleasant
memories of the beating he received at
the hands of Gardner at their first meet
ing. Since then Carter has increased in
weight and improved noticeably in health.
His opponent ha3 also improved espe
cially in his boxing. He is quick to learn
and Alex Greggains has taught him a
number of useful blows. Both men are
known to be game and aggressive and the
fight can hardly go the full twenty
rounds.
The preliminaries are promising. In ad
dition to the O'Connor bout Billy Snail
ham, who has not been seen in the ring
in some months, will fight Tommy Gil
feather, ten rounds; Toby Irwin and Ar
thur Granfield are also matched for ten
rounds. Jim McDonald will referee the
big fight.
BRITISH HOLD
A BUSY BOER
Kitchener Reports Cap
ture of Commandant
Kritsinger.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— A dispatch ' from
Lord Kitchener dated from Belfast (about
half way between Pretoria and the,fron
tier of Portuguese East Africa), received
here to-day announced that Commandant
Kritsinger, the famous Boer commander
who has figured so prominently in connec
tion with the invasion of Cape Colony, has
been captured, .badly wounded, by Gen
eral French. Kritsinger was trying to
break the blockhouse cordon at Hanover
road. . , . .-. • :
The capture of Commandant Kritsinger,
who has been styled the "Dewet of Cape
Colony," is regarded as very important.
He has been a troublesome invader of
Cape Colony, and is credited with -more
barbarities than any other commandant
except Scheipers. In a recent proclama
tion he called himself the chief command
ant of Cape Colony. . • ., .
During the last few days most persist
ent reports emanating both from South
Africa and from Boer headquarters In Eu
rope of an approaching crisis In South
African affairs have been current. Mt is
alleged that Kruger will abandon his de
mand for independence, and that the Boer
leaders in the field are inclined to cease
fighting and seek the best terms obtain
able, j
In a speech yesterday at Cape Town. Sir
J. Gordon Sprigg, the Premier of Cape
Colony, declared that the outlook F had
never been brighter than at the present
time. ■ •
BERNE, Dec. 17.— The Bundesrath has
declined to approach Great Britain on.- the
subject of the concentration camps • in
South Africa, taking the ground that it
might be interpreted as unwarrantable in
terference in the affairs of a foreign coun
try.
STOCKTON. Dec. 17.— Augustus Ruf, a sad
dler in the employ of John Oldham for many
years, committed suicide last night. ,.,■. ' ■,..-.
FOOTBALL MEN
AT PASADENA
Michigan and Stanford
Teams Due There'
Shortly.
Will Practice Daily for the
New Year's Day
Oontest.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 11-
The athletic committee of the Associated
Students, at their meeting this afternoon,
adopted a rule that hereafter all captains
of the varsity teams shall be elected by
the members of the various teams*dur
ing the semester in which the teams meet
in intercollegiate contest.
The result of this ruling will be that
hereafter the captain of the football team
must be elected the first semester of the
college year and the track and baseball
captains during the second. One immedi
ate effect of the action of the committee
is that the football captain for next sea
son must be elected before next Friday
noon, when the first semester closes.
Captain -Fisher has called a meeting
for to-morrow of all the football men who
played against California for the purpose
of electing his successor. There are no
definite announcements of candidates for
the position, but it ,is understood both
Traeger and Slaker covet the honor.
NEW FOOTBALL CAPTAIN.
Stanford Eleven Must Elect One Be-
fore Friday Noon.
PASADENA, Dec.i 17.-The Michigan
and Stanford football teams which are to
play on the afternoon of New Tear's day
will arrive here soon, twenty men coming
from Stanford, and eighteen men from
Michigan. They will be cared for at Hotel
Green, all their expenses being paid. They
will practice daily. The coming of the
teams is looked forward to with much
pleasure by society here.
The Tournament of Roses Association,
under whose auspices the game is to bt,
given, has purchased fourteen acres of
land two miles from the city which is be
ing fenced and prepared for football. A
grand stand that will seat 2,000. people is
being rapidly constructed. General ad
mission will be 51, seats on the grancl
stand 50 cents to $1 extra; private boxes
seating six people, $20. Stanford Univer
sity students .have purchased 100 tickets
and San Francisco will send down about
200 people so far as known, that number of
seats having been already reserved. The
Michigan Society of Southern California
will be present in force. The Association
expects to have 5,000 spectators Inside, the
grounds.
The new park will be presented to the
city for a permanent place for athletics
after the carnival.
Rotchford Loses on a Foul.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 17.— Kid Sayres*. of
Milwaukee, gained the decision over Billy
Rotchford, of Chicago, on a foul in the
second round of a scheduled six-round go
before the Badger A. C to-night. Rotch
ford hit Sayres in a clinch.
LOUISVILLE, Dec. 17.-"Wild Bill"
Hanrahan, of New York, defeated Marvin
Hart, of this city in the first round to
night at the Auditorium. The knockout
blow was a hard right hook on the juw,
following a left to the stomach.
Sport ."VTasco. Tournament.
To-m6rrow_an extra attraction will be
offered~at* the Eder Jai, Central Park, in
the form of a tournament in which the
six leading members of the corps of Sport
Vasco players will participate. The game
is attracting attention and a number of
■well-known men are taking lessons from
the players at the amphitheater. Between
Christmas and New Year's an extra
schedule has been arranged. The games
will be played on Christmas day and also
on the 2Cth, 2Sth, 29th and on New Year's
day.
Valuable Thoroughbred Dies.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Dec. 17.— Imp. Esh
er, sire of a number of grea^ stake win
ner?, died to-day after a short illness, of
pneumonia, aged 18 years. He was owned
by J. N. Camden and was valued at $25,
ooo.-
YOUNG WOMAN SWINDLER
IN WESTERN ADDITION
Gathers in Many Dollars Selling
Cheap Laces by Representing Them
as the Hand-Made Article.
Many ladies residing in the Western
Addition have been victimized during th«r'
past few weeks by a young woman who
has been selling them what she declares
to be hand-made lace, but which upon
closer examination after the departure of
the vender is found to be nothing more
than" the machine-made article, and is
worth therefore considerably less than
the ladies have paid for it. The young
woman, whose name is unknown, is in
the habit of making house to house, calls
and asking for the lady of • the house. To
the latter she displays her stock of laces,
which are carried in a satchel. She is
well dressed, glib of tongue and has been
generally successful in converting her al
leged hand-made laces into cash.
As an inducement to intending purchas
ers the young woman offers to Instruct
them at her home in the art of making
the pretty laces if they will buy more
than one dollar's worth. Then she gives
an address in the neighborhood of the
entrance to Golden Gate Park, which) has
in every instance proved to be fictitious.
Undue Influence Is Charged.
Laura Cunningham, Martha Brown,
Mary Brown Marr, Isabel Brown- Case,
Bettie Brown Gibson, Lucy J. McClure.
,Isaac N. Brown. Thomas G. Brown and
\V. H. White, who claim to be the heirs
'at Jaw of James F. Brown, who died in
this c|ty December 7, LKW, leaving an es
tate worth $66,200, have petitioned the Su
perior Court for a revocation of the pro
bate of the deceased capitalist's will.
They allege that at the time the will was
made Brown was not of sound mind and
that he was unduly influenced by Polly
Brown, a sister-in-law of the deceased;
Vina and Ella Brown, her daughters, and
John H; Brown, his brother. The peti
tioners are nephews and nieces of- the de
ceased.. • \ ■ I .
Wanted in Kansas City.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
from Chief John Hayes of Kansas City
yesterday morning that Detective McAn
amy would leave to-morrow with the nec
essary papers for the extradition, of H.
H. Hansen, alias Hurlbert, alias Barrin
ger, who is charged with forgery. The
cases against the prisoner for passing fic
titious checks on business men here wero
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
and continued till next Tuesday. ■
Had Hams in His Possession.
Thomas Nash waa arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning at Fourth and
Stevenson streets by Policeman Beach.
He had three hams in his possession, and
when Beach asked him where he got them
lie replied, "It's your business to find
out." He was locked up in jail pending
Beach's efforts to "find out." ■
Walsh Murder Case.
1 The case of E. . F. Pettigrew. charged
with the murder of Lafayette A". Walsh
outside the Chutes on the morning of July
15 last, was called in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday. The Judge set the case for
January 6 next.. ,. ■■■•■ -
Mail a copy of i the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands.. .. f ,.......["
AURIFFERA WINS THE HURDLE EVENT
FROM HER STABLE MATE FAVORITO
Bullman . Lands Goldone First, a Head Before Jim Hale in the Mile Dash
at Oakland-Waterscratch at 15 to 1 Downs Jarretierre d'Or-Byron
Rose Fortunate to Beat Princess Titania— Position Again in Front
NOW . * that the "jumping horse
game," which for ever so many j
moons has been tabooed at the
track across the bay. has been
restored to favor, there ought to
be no end of good things in sight. The
first under the new order of things was
decided yesterday, it being a hurdle af
fair over one and a quarter miles, with
ten obstacles to clear. Mazo, the entry or
Andy Blakeley, with "Fighting Jockey"
Bennett in charge of the deck, ruled fa
yorite, and though cleared and stripped
for action never took a hand in the af
fray. Odd Eyes, another highly touted
one and second choice, ran and jumped
as if her eyes were mated well enough,
but did not earn enough to pay jockey
hire. Auriffera, coupled with Favorito
in the betting, stood tne brunt of the bat
tle, and. ridden out, beat her stable mate
a length. Phil Archibald, with "Stew"
Peters up, was third. There, were no
spills'" or accidents, and there is no rea
son why this branch of the -.sport should
not be popular as it is in" Australia and
Europe. The ring laid 4 to 1 against the
winning stable.
Perfect racing weather drew another
large, crowd, and while but two choices
drew down purses, there was little com
plaint about "reversals." Johnny Bull
man placed First Shot and Goldone over
the line first at lengthy odds, and Owen
Mounce distinguished himself by two
clever rides on Waterscratch, a 15 to 1
chance, and" later on with Position, a 7 to
5 favorite. *
Unfortunately the seven-furlong free
handicap was marred by a ragged start,
through no fault of Dick Dwyer. There
were only five starters, and RosonrVonde
in swerving prevented nearly all thefclth
ers from getting away with tire exception
of Byron Rose, the mild favorite. The
latter gelding led all the way and won
easily from Princess _T,itartia arid Rosor
monde.
First Shot, at 12 to 1, piloted by Bull
man, escaped most of the crowding- and
jostling in the opening sprint, beating Pat
Morrissey two lengths. - The latter would
have won beyond question. had Spencer
not been unfortunate enough to break a
stirrup. Midnight Chimes finished third.
Winnie O'Connor on Bedeck, favorite
for the mile selling run, suffered most in
a bumping match at the first turn, which
eventually cost him the race. Jim Hale,
a o\' 3 to 1 chance, looked to have every
thing his own way, when Bullman on
Goldone came on the second time, win
ning by a head in l-AO 1 /*. Bedeck ran a
close third. .
On his previous fine run 6 to 5 looked a
very fair price against .Jarretierre d'Or in
the netting on the five and a half furlong
sprint. . Buchanan, who had. the mount,
was last away, however, and lost some
what handily to Waterscratch, a 15 to 1
shot. Huachuca, at 40 to 1, showed a re
turn of form, running into the show a
length before Rosewar..
Last to be decided *aa a mile, and a
furlong selling number, which fell to Po
aition, the favorite. Coming from back in
the bunch the Racine horse turned up an
almost easy winner over Artilla and Com
mon wealth Attorney.
Track' Notes.
Bullman put up two excellent rides on
First Shot and Goldone.. . • ' ;':' }'J
The .rich stakes of.' the new- iiemplris
Jockey Club close January»4. 'vi2| -'■■--
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows?: .
First -race— Six furlongs, selling; two-year
olds :
2970 Bendara US 2771 St. Philliplna.ll>
2050 Jim Roberts.. 118 2771 Baldo 107
2981 Tlmberlake ..115 2!>7O Prestene ..:..115
(2914)Senator Bruce.llS!
Becond race — Four and a half furlongs,
purse; two-year-old colts and geldings:
2951 John Peters. ..Ill (2981)Old England.. 10S
2981 San Nicholas. .111 2070 Arthur Ray... Ill
Bob Crawford.103 29S1 Kl Chlhuahua.lll
•_»t).?4 San Lutlon...l08 2071! Dean Swift... Ill
Geo. Whitney. Ill tiDCt. Wand'r'g Boy.108
2520 Cl Oil Johnny. Ill 20U3 Montoya- 111
Third race — Six furlongs, selling; three-year
old and upward:
25)90 Duckoy 107i20S6 Captivate 100
Gawaine 100 j 21*80 Our Lizzie. . . .105
29(54 Gusto 1081 Mercer, 105
21)74 Pencil Me 100 0>yti7)Tizona 105
297!) IVng'r's Mald.107 20S2 Kitty Kelly... 105
Cuban Girl 100
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward.
(2982)Lizella 112 2991 Rushflelds ...112
2993 Capt Gaines. .115 29S2 Herculean 112
.... Bohul 115 2083 Rio Shannon.. 115
2991 Wyoming 112 2057 Floronso 112
Fifth race— One mile, purse; three-year-olds
CHILE DELAYS;
WAR IMPENDS
Diplomats Busy to Pre
vent South Ameri
can Strife.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 17.— The Chilean
answer to Argentina's reply to Chile's
last note has not yet been received. Hope
that the matter will be amicably ad
justed still prevails here. Senor Concha
Subercaseaux, the Chilean Minister to
Argentina, is doing his utmost to. this
end.
According to the Tlempo, no arrange
ment of the existing difficulties Is possi
ble If Chile refuses to accept the modi
fications suggested by Argentina to the
two important paragraphs in the origi
nal Chilean note.
The railroads of the country have placed
95,000 tons of coal at the disposal of the
Government. » They have also offered to
provide transportation facilities for 40,-
OOO men as soon as desired.
The Diarlo publishes a telegram from.
I,ondon to the effect" that the British
Government has addressed a telegraphic
communication to the Chilean and the
Argentine Governments offering its good
offices to bring aboht a settlement of all
existing difficulties between the two
countries. The British Government adds
that it takes this step at the instance of
Chile. ■■-.-, • • ■
Telegrams received here from Santiago
de Chile affirm that a great majority of
the members of the Chilean Congress are
In favor of a prompt and peaceful set
tlement. The money markets here are
quiet. . ,
A decree just issued invites officers of
the National Guard to join the army re
serves, which have been mobilized.* The
work of arming the Argentine- troops for
war service has begun.
Dispatches received here from Santiago
say a prominent official there has de
clared to his friends that the basis for
a pacific and honorable arrangement be
tween Chile, and Argentina will be ar
rived at shortly, leaving the details to be
settled' later.
Claims His Reputation Suffered.
C. H. Scanlan Is suing B. E. Ldomis to
recover $10,050 damages. Scanlan alleges
that Loomls falsely and maliciously
caused his arrest' on a charge of disturb
ing the peace. He was acquitted of the
charge by a jury In Judge Cabanias'
court, and now claims that on account of
the arrest his business has suffered anil
that his reputation has been seriously
damaged.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBACK-Tuesday, Dec. n.-Weattwr flne. Track fast.
2S»9K. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first. $3.^
¦ 1 — r : ~ I ' ' ( BetUag.-V
Index Hor,e. Age. Weight. St. tt %¦ Str. Fin, j Owa.r and , Jockey. | Op. Cl.
•2UKK Put Mnrritwv a 11-1 »i 4 1) 4 h ¦ i 1 21 DT.H.B.KW1I <K CO.opncr ,i -I
*«s Midtirt cm™ 4 114 J 8h IMS " Joseph" Maiden.. Jackson 7-2 !
"* to4 ' h 8 y/ 4 1 4 2 McDnld & Dunlap.Rnch 10 13
2U5U Torsina^' ¦" 114 fi 7 "i 5 h « 1 5 1 G. Summers & Co.Mnce 6 S
Sg&/;^i:a! , ; 1 7i 7 1 6 2 G. W. Scott.... O'Connor 5 S
2MB Af£d y c"4 117 'I 1 V 3 ih BH »3 F. Phillips J. Woods 8. 5
TOftnmS 112 10 10 10 10 0 ** J. Bothert. See 15 40
S;2 B F Alison '4: :. lit I 0 3 !>3 »1 10 MV O. Mrtrf-^Mttwt ?. 13 iO
the rtreT, h. A Tf?ert C%u"t Censor almo»t leg Xcratchod-I^st Girl 114, McNamara 1U
2»»;i. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling;. three-year-olds and upward; value to flrat. $325.
I j — , ~ ~ ' ~ i~~ i Betting.
Indpxlllor.e. Age, Weight. St. %. *>• " Stf. Fin, [ Owner »nd Jockey. Op. CL
2077"'rnI I 1nne I 108 3 • 1 h 1 ! 3 2 V, lh J. Coffey Bullman 4 9-2
m) ?m Haie V: :::S8 1 2 1 *h a . 1. 1 2 6 Stanfleld & Ellia.Euchan 4 11-2
rTn Bedeck a I 101 B 1 1 42 35 J.Gardner..... O'Connor 1 4-5
'i CaDt Galnes 4 108 I 5 5 52 4 8 4 10' W. G. Mathws.J. Mthw3 7 13
Time— V 4 :25: V. m . %. 1:15; mile, 1:40^ Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner jVoff^y's'b h. by Goldfinch- Abllone. Ooldone showed just slight Improvement. Bu
chanan took matters too easy with Jim Hale or he would have won. Bedeck "badly
bumped at first turn, losing several lengths. Captain Gaines can do better. Miss Mae way
¦ looks lisht in flesh. . ,_.._.._^_,.^_r^ ,_,-^-^-,.-..
i»»4".~"^TM?RI) RACK -Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olfls; value to first. lo-'J.
f, 1 1 ~ ~ T Betting.
Index! Horse and Weight. St. hi. K. 8tr. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
•Htsi Waterscratch ....115 2 .2*% 8 % 2 1 11 G. Summers & Co. .Mnce 10 12
(29IKJ) Jarretlete dOr...H5 7 lh 11 1 '4 2 2 J. P Atkln Bucnanan 6-8 a\
•><\i(> HiiHi-huoa. 118 1 8 1 41 3 % 81 G. W. Baldwin. . .irfigue 13 4I» —
•")"> Rosewar 115 4 4 >i 7 1 6141 Burns & Waterhse.Spncr 4 l/
»5l D?.sTtarif. ¦::".: III! 8 :«h 2 2 5 2 5 1 J.W.O'Xeall & CV Mthws 10 Vf
2fl76 I Shell Mount 115 6 X 5 % 4 h 6 2 D. Cameron. .. .J. Woods' 3 9-1
(2MMS>|E1 Bano 115 B B M til V I 2 ,\V. B. Jen gs & i o.O ton ; ig »
Time— a 16 -is*i- '4 "°4U- *4 :4Sii: •**! 1-OT'«. Good start. AVon handily. Second
and third .'irivirlr Winner. O. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by Watercress- Helen Scratch.
. Winner received a nice ride and was bet on. Favorite flat-footed when barrier went up.
Huacl.uca showed improvement. Rosewar ran an odd race. Dr. Scharff rated to splendid
advantage. Shell Mount can improve greatly on this effort. Rubus out or her class.
Scratched Montoya 118. Arigato 115. The Giver 118. _ : _^_^_ _^ _-^-^-,.-,_-^-,.^_^-.
~ KOCRTH RACE — One mile and a quarter; hurdle; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $323.
1 I | " j ~ | » Betting.
Index Hbrsc. Age. Weight. St. Std. U. Str. Fin, [ Owner and Jockey. OP- C3.
•;»28" VurlfTera, a ..'..-MM :i 1 V 3 13 11 11 Klunder & Burns. ..Arm 4 4
2J75" FavorltO 4. 13^ •'• 4 2 :! % 2 1 2.8. Klunder & Burns. Matter • ... •
i»3 Wiil \rch-M.i B 1-r. 4 ¦ .-..'. 5-53JJ33 J. M. Crane . Peters ? *
(2t!0S) Odd Eyes 5...... 140 1 || 2 4 4 4 4.-. lira. E. J. Schwartz. L,yd 2 11-3
"'H!H Mazo "5 ' 140 •_' :\ 0 4 1 5 20 5 5 A. G. Blakeley. .Bennett 2 2
28S9 Sam Green, 4 140 5 0 i; „ •- ' ; Krank Duffy.. Evans 10 15
Time 2:19',i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Klunder & Burns' b. m. by
Iron-Eiiaa. *Coupled Aurlfrera_^^_^_^_ .^^^^^^ t.-w-u-^-jwv^.-wj7jv>
-'!>!><>. FJFTII RACE— Seven furlongs; free handicap; all ages: value to first, $400.
— "H j I Betting. "
IndexlHorse. Age. Weight. St. V4- Vj. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. | Op. Cl
wr«*!Rvron Rose 3 Toe 1 12 12 12 12 (Ray Wilson Ransch 1 5-2
Prtn^e«s Titan 92 4 4 10 4 20 2 2 2 2 Caesar Young... R*dfern' 2 5-2
4>S3 Rbsormonde B...1(H>:5 SO II 3 2 3 8 Pueblo Stable.. ..McGinn 3 4
2958 Sir Lewi" 2 .... 90 2 2 e r , 4 10 4 23 M.Daly J.Daly 12 20
29^3 Varro! :.\.T;!!"!l0O 5 5 _- '__ ____ 3 Geo. W. Miller. -Jackson 5-2 18-B
Tlme _ii l".- ] ,i. :24',i: '». ---*9U: : 'i. l:>4%; V 1:27. Bad start Won easily. Second
1 and third driving. Winner, R. Wilson's ch. g. by Ducat-Rose of Magenta. Byron Rose
: away sailing. Away on equal terms Princess might have won. Kosormonde spoiled start
by swerving, '.i
a}>»7. .SIXTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling: 3-year-olds and up: to first. $325.
~~ ~l~~ ~ ~ ' " j Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.^ *. Vt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. | Op. Cl.
1^75) Position 4 113 6 6^ 4>i In 12 D. S. Fountain. .Mounce. 2 7-5
Z*> Art ilia 4 ...100 5 Sn 3% 21 2 2 C. W. Carroll. J. Mthews 2 4
r »s-, Cm.^ Attorney 4.. 113 1 12 12 3 5 3 10 P. Corrlgan Spencer 4 7
•- £- F "V lam" a.T 114 2 4 * 5 ft 5 1 4 1 W. H. Ketchemn.J. Wds 4 10
«»fs TVnvSne3 1OS 3 !>72 4^51 Xewman & Kagan.O-Nll 10 15
" m'. Gold BaTon 5. . 109 4 2 2 3 1 6 1 HI H. L. Haskell..Winslett 100 300
StiO iHa a • .109 : 7 si 81 7^7 V* P. Moore Bullman 6 9-2
«983 Expedient "¦*!... '.Ill 8 7% I 88 SB P. E. Smith.. ..A. Kelly 10 20
. , La Sons'.' a.i:...10Q 9 5 ',(, 6 1 9 9 E.M.Janes ¦ McGinn 80 150
.1* ' * i" 15|f H :25^4; »i. :50Vi; %. l:15 ; it. 1:41^4; 114 m, 1:53 Good start.
Won~easliv. Second and third driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain's br.g. by Racine- Pottery.
Winner much the best. Others ran to form. Scratched— Graylette 100.
and uiward :
29M Dunblane ....112 2990 MIthridates ..103
(2f)fW)Lou Clieveden.100 2S15 Icicle 100
1>9S-J Doublet .109 2978 Fitzkanet 103
Sixth race — One mile, selling: three-year-olds
and upward:
295" Darlene 100 2091 San Venado. . .112
<2902)AfKhan ..109 2980 David. S. . 100
2971 Rollick .......100 £980 Redwald 109
2971 Bab 100 2070 Ned Dennis. ..100
2991 Merops 109 (2985)Dlomed 109
Selections for To-Day.
First race— St. Phlllipina. Bendara, Baldo.
Second race — San Nicholas. John Peters, Old
England.
SEAS STORM
THE LIFEBOATS
French Steamer Kleber
Goes Ashore Near
the Rhone.
PARIS, Dec. 17.— Dispatches received
from Marseilles announce that the French
steamer Kleber, from Cette, France, ia
ashore east of the mouth of the River
Rhone. The Kleber mistook the entrance
of the river during a heavy fog last Mon
day night.
During all of Tuesday lifeboats attempt
ed to assist the Kleber, but the heavy
seas prevented them from reaching her.
The customs boat from St. Louis du
Rhone succeeded in getting near the Kle
ber this morning and learned that the
captain of the ship was 111 and that the
mate had disappeared. It is supposed the
latter was swept overboard.
The Kleber lies 300 yards off shore. It
is feared she will become a wreck If the
weather does not moderate. The Kleber
carried a crew*! fifty-two men. Her
rudder and steriFposts have been carried
away. The latest dispatches from Mar
seilles say the wind ia now changing, and
hopes are entertained that the vessel may
be floated to-morrow.
OCEAN CITY. N. J.. Dec. 17.— The Brit
ish bark Syndia, which went ashore in
the northeaster on Sunday morning, will
prove a total loss. This afternoon ohe
broke in two and has been abandoned by
the wreckers. The vessel and cargo are
valued at nearly $500,000.
BOSTON. Dec. 17.— The British steam
ship Isle of Kent of Newcastle. England,
from Savannah for. Bremen, put In here
to-day with her bows crushed in and her
stem battered. She brought the entire
crew of the Spanish steamer Amestl
bound from Bilbao, Spain, for Philadel
phia, the latter vessel having sunk In a.
half-hour after a collision with the Isle
of Kent on Saturday last when about 328
miles east of Cape Cod. The collision oc
curred early In the morning. Each of the
lookouts sighted the other vessel, but too
late to prevent the accident. The Isle of
Kent cut half-way through the Amestl so
that she began to ftll immediately.
Government Is Awarded Damages.
i no jury in the case of the Government
against Alfred H. Hiatt. against whom
an action was brought bv th« tt»,i»«J
States District Attorney torerover dam
ages for timber cut by him on fwfJr!
ment land in Tuolumne* Comty? returned
a verdict in tha United States District
Fh U £ £ e 3 te «R !ay a'ternoon in favor o
the United States for $1017 50 damages
Third race — Dangerous Maid. Our XjIzzIs,
Duckoy.
Fourth race — Ldzella, Wyoming, Herculean.
Fifth race — Fitzkanet, Dunblane. Doublet.
Sixth race^ — Bab. Redwald, Rollick.
AD VEHTISEaiEUTS. .
BICYCLES
For Boys and Girls;
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
Cor. Pine and Market Sis.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con- .
suitatlon and private boofc
free at office or by xamiL
Cures Guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
fiAN FRANCISCO. CA»».
'J-l^Z ~
jOfe B ■ B ■ jMl Ammunition. Pistols. QUrl
li y»M C* ler >'- Carvinjr Seta, Football."
I — I 8 III Baseball. Athletic and Out-
fill llHoi itl£r Oooda for Holiday Trad*.
«J fcj B H feJ Se!u1 fnr Catalogue.
SHREVE * BA&B2X CO..
739 Xarktt St u4 »U 1«MBJ C%FOR FORTY-EIGHT YEARS PROGRESS
ATTENDS UPON GOLDEN GATE LODGE
Masonic Organization, Instituted in the Fifties and Bearing Upon Its Roster
the Names of Many of San Francisco's Most Prominent Citizens,
Installs Its'Officers, a Banquet Being Enjoyed After the Ceremonies
Q OLDEN GATE LODGE No. SO.
which was Instituted as a subor
dinate of the fraternity of Free
and Accepted Masons forty-eight
years ago, had its officers for
current Masonic year privately ln
ctalled last night. The ceremony took
place In the lodgeroom in the Masonic
Temple. The Installing officer was Charles
A. Wegener, the retiring master, ■who had
for marshal of ceremonies James H. Skel
ley, P. M.
The officers "who entered upon the dis
charge of their duties last evening are:
Samuel A. Clarke, worshipful master; Wil
liam A- T. Agard, senior warden; Asa H.
Phelpa, Junior warden; Charles A. Wegener,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
30*60 inches
<£-x We 1^^^ a f u u li^g o f L a -
' dies' Desks in birdseye maple,
oak and mahogany, from
| . $5.00 up. -^
.. Open evenings during the
;-r- holidays.
Free delivery in Oakland, }
Alameda and Berkeley.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,.-
S38-342 POST STREET.
Opposite Union Square.
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
SaUSEUi OF ftRfiTOHYJ
A CJ) ISn 1U2HT SI. t:t. 6&t7&, S.r.Ctl. d
iJ W^ The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the \
A 'jL World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
• HijjSJIV •stase p»»ltl»c-l7c«red by the oldest Y
O rC5 gt Specialist on the Coast. Esl 36 years. O
4 U^S&l DP " JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ i&?3bu Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A I yVWn Treatment persorjlijr m by letter. A ff
VI ffsH PetiUvt Cure in every case undertaken. Y
A mil Write for Book. »»HII-©«©i*HV«r Q
wTu 11 'i stA.KniA.cn. mailss free, (at
v II II valuable book for mm) \
9 DB.iOBDAX*««-.I051««rtrt8t,S.r. Y
& FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DDTTCUI7C FOB BARBERS. BAK-
K K 11 Oil .Q^ «rs bootblack*, batfa-
***.lWWAA*rf ** houBee, billiard tables,
brewer*, bookbinder.. «2 d y-«*lS?U M 2£S?:
<ij-er«, flourmllU. foundries, te1 »*^&J£rlS
hlnseV.. printer., painters. • h ° e fl J£- ct °r* ea '
etablemen. tar-roofer* tanners, tailor*, etc
* BUCHANAN BROS.,
i»)K;sh Manufacturers. 008 Sacramanto 6t,
CAMP OCEAN SOAR- Bay; rood aceommo-.
<ULtlon» for camplnr. hunting flshln* *nd Iboat-
Jn*. Cotte«e» and tent*. Cottage, «2 50 p«r
week* board $6 60 per we«k. Boat* 50o a 0*y.
WM- ARCHEE, P. O. Tomiiei, CaL
THE PRINCIPAL- OFFICERS WHO HAVE BEEN CHOSEN TO DIRECT
THE DESTINIES OF GOLDEN GATE LODGE OF FREE AND AC
CEPTED MASONS FOR THE CURRENT YEAR.*
P. M., treasurer; Edwin L. Meyer, secretary;
William H. Hindle, senior deacon; William G.
Wright, Junior deacon; John P. Cosgrave, mar
shal; Robert J. Airey. steward; Frederick G.
Baird. eteward; John d'Arcy. tyler.
Music incidental to the ceremony was
rendered by a sextet composed of Clarence
T. Wendell, T. K. Wittich, Joseph Flem
ing, Dr. R. W. Smith, A. A. Batkin and
E. G. McBaln. ;
After- the proclamtion of installation
Senior Past Master William S Moses in
a pleasing speech presented to retiring
Master Wegener a magnificent jewel of
his rank in the order.
After the lodge closed there was an ad
journment to the California Hotel, where
a sumptuous supper was served, 150 sit
ting at the table. The new master pre
sided as toastmaster. and called upon
Rev. Jacob NIeto, past master of King
Solomon Lodge; Chief George W. Witt
man, Past Master Wegener and others to
respond to toasts.
During the supper there was a surprise
for the retiring master in the nature of a
set of silver presented to him by the lodge
as an additional token of appreciation of
his services, the presentation being made
by Past Master Moses. Between responses
to toasts select vocal music was rendered
by the California Quartet and solos by Jo
seph Fleming and Clarence T. Wendell.
There were present at the banquet be
sides the officers:
T. H. Freese, Niels Iversen, Aaron Cook.
Arthur I* Wilson, John W. Aspe, A. F. Thorn
berg. N. M. Kinman, R, T. Cockard, C. O.
Johnson, H. F. Tower, H. R. Woodruff, N. C.
Toft M. G. Bollo, S. B. Peterson, B. Ban-
MOTOR CYCLIST MEETS
WITH SEBIOXJS ACCIDENT
G. H. "Woodwortli Is Thrown From
His Wheel, Sustaining Injuries
Which May Prove Fatal.
G. H. Woodworth, a recent arrival from
Los Angeles, and in the employ of KInney
& Co. of this city, was thrown from a
motor bicycle last night on the corner of
Fell and Market streets. The ground was
wet and the tire slipped. Woodworth fell
on his head, suffering a concussion of the
brain. His nose was fractured also. At
the Emergency Hospital little hope was
given for Woodworth's recovery.
Thank The Call.
At a meeting of the Altar Society of the
Church of St. Mary the Virgin a vote of
thanks was tendered to The Call for the
valuable assistance It gave on the occa
sion of the society's recent bazaar, also
to the following, whose - help assisted
greatly to the success of the affair: Wein-
Btock & Lubin, Emporium, Hale Broa.,
California Notion and Toy Company.
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohmari, O'Connor
& Moffatt, Golder Bros., Lowensteln
Bros.. Philadelphia Shoe Store, Vlckery
& Co., Herman Cohen, Kaiser's, Goldberg,
Bowen & Co., Ceylon Tea Company, John
son Bros., RIverdale Creamery, Jersey
Farm Dairy, California-street Railroad
Company, Union-street Railroad Com
pany and many friends.
MEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
WAS BALD SIX YE ABS.
Three Months of the New Scientific
Treatment Bestored His Hair.
Baldness Is caused by dandruff, which
Is caused by a germ. Kill the germ and
there 1b almost certainty that hair will
grow again,. If the follicle has not been
totally destroyed. Nels Peterson of Lime
Spur, Mont., Bays: "I had been bald six
years and had tried all kinds of 'cures,'
but without any benefit whatever, | until
I tried Herplclde. November 16, 1899, 1 be-
gan using Herplclde, and In three months
a fine arowth of hair covered my head
completely." A«k your druggist for Her-
plclde. Everybody can have luxuriant,
glossy hair, If Herplclde Is used thorough-
ly. Take no substitute. .
THE SAK FKANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
desen, William J. Spear, C. L. Le Gal, George
Davis, R. F. de Lialc, W. D. Thomas. John C.
Hagrue, James Patterson, AVllliam - M. Smith,
John Paul Cosgrave, G. Witmer. S. Lund. \V.
E. Bluhm, VT. Ia Holman. John T. Grey, A. H.
Merrill, J. 0. Barnes. Robert J. Alrey. Gllson
McConnell. C. H. Howell, William Wells, J.
1* Baxr. C. C. McMillan, B. P. Hillings, George
Otzen, A. L. Mengel, D. A. Damkroeser, H. P.
Williams, William Thomas, John Q. Doanc.
C. Jorgensen, T. Trebell, J. Mearns, David
Stark. George H. Goddard. J. II. Skelly, Wll
ljam B. Moses, James Zuther, D. S. Hutching
John Trebell, William Lange, J. Kind, W. M.
Kitchen, Ad Bergman, Andrew F. Leslie, Ham
ilton S. Elliott. C. Holm, ' G. Petersen, F. G.
JBalrd, F. A. Phelps, T. P. H. Whltelaw, A.
TX Pratt, C F. Larsen. E. G. Kluge. W. W.
■ t ■■•.'■
Collins. A. F. Burnbroolc, C. H. Ackerman. W.
D. Squires. W. J. Garrick, Charles Knutson,
Major Jack Stratman, George L.. Darling, A.
F. Finbuth, J. F. Fleming. W. R. Knight,
William McFaul. J. B. Mitchell. W. M. Pearce,
Clarence T. Wendell, A. A. Batkin. E. S. Clp
rico. J. Goodman, A. McLaughlin. L. G. Kra
mer, W. McDonald. Henry Knush, R. W.
Smith, E. McMuIlan. W. P. Filmer, H. W.
Witham, James Reid, P. Jacobads, B. L. Stone.
Max Goldman. Rev. Jacob Neito, Harrv As
croft, Thomas! O'Connor and George W. Witt
man.
This lodge was organized by Benjamin
D. Hyman, Grand Master of the State
John Damon having been designated as
master, John F. Damon as senior warden
and Archibald C. Brower as junior war
den, but the master and junior warden
being suddenly called away from the city
the grand master on November 8, 1855,
named William S. Moses as master and
John Hunter as junior warden, and eight
days later the lodge was duly organized.
William S. Moses, a charter member and
who is No. 1 on the roll of membership,
served the lodge as its master for three
consecutive years, being the only one who
has ever had that, honor. There are oth
ers who have served three terms in the
lodge, but the service was not consecu
tive. The membership roll, which now
contains 231 names, shows those of many
of the prominent and well-known citizens
of the community, while the roster from
early . days shows the names of many
who were among the leading citizens of
the '50's. Among those Installed last night
was John d'Arcy, the tyler, who entera
upon the sixteenth year of continuous ser
vice in that office.
LABOR PARTY TORN BY DISSENSIONS
Continued From Page One.
Ing at 113 O'Farrell street, but he was not I
allowed to remain long. The members of;
the Theatrical Employes' Union, who '■
were favorable to Parry's cause, secured
the assistance of -the police and ejected 1
Delaney's committeemen from the hall.
Parry Blames Chris Buckley.
Speaking of the result J. S. Parry, the
again elected chairman of the Union La
bor party's executive committee, said:
Ryan, Powers, Stan ton and --Delaney are
Buckley men. Ryan owned up yesterday that
he had been consulting with Buckley every
day. Buckley wanted to control the commit
tee and sell It out. All the proceedings relat
ing to the previous meeting have been ordered
expunced. Buckley wants a member on the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the Board of
Public Works, but Schmitz says that he haa
made no promises and has not as yet more
than tentatively considered any appointments.
While the difficulties of the Union Labor
party have been partially fixed up more
trouble is looked for.
Royal Arch Masons.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, on Monday
night, at which there were more than 150
members present, the annual reports of
officers were presented, after which the
following named were elected for the en
suing, term: - " .'.• >
Bralnard N. Rowley, high priest; C. C.
McDougall, king; James E. Gordon,
scribe; Benjamin Harris, treasurer, and
Henry G. Prince, secretary.
The Installation of the elected and ap
pointed officers will take ' place on Janu
ary 13 next. The event will be followed
by a banquet. .
California Chapter, Royal Arch Masons,
elected officers last night as follows:
John ■ Bennett, high priest: George
Knight White, king; Michael J. Savage,
scribe; "William -Smith, treasurer, and
Franklin H. Day, secretary.
"The, installation will take place on Janu
ary 7.'
Pined for Conducting a Lottery.
Max Salomon alias Otto Nathan, who
wan convicted by Judge Mogan on the
chareo of conducting a lottery in hla of
fices, Academy of Sciences b.uildlnff, was
sentenced yesterday to pay a fine of • 150
with the alternative of eervinff : fifty days
In Jail, His attorney gave notice of ap
peal,.- . ■'.. v-V-.v'KX-'' ■■':• r • • ■ '
ROOT REPLIES
IN SHARP WORDS
Secretary of War Will
Not Delay the Cuban
Election.
Politicians of the Island ( Are
Told to Observe the
Laws, a V .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— Secretary of
War Root has addressed a letter to Sli
dele A. Plerra, the representative of the
Maso party In Cuba,- "who is at present
in this city, denying his request for a
postponement of the Cuban elections. Sec
retary Root's letter, which is dated De
cember 16, is as follows: ,
Sir: The application for postponement of
the Cuban election presented by you on Sat
urday December 14, in behalf of the supporters
of General Maso, as a candidate for President
of Cuba has been careiully considered. The
effect o£ granting; the application would be to
prolong American occupation and postpone the
independence of Cuba and the control of the
island by the government of her own people.
This ought not to be done in the interest of
any candidate or without the most weighty and
substantial reasons. The substance of reasons
which you present is that the central board of
scrutiny as now constituted. Is composed of
gentlemen none of whom is in favor of Gen
eral Maso. and all of whom are In favor of
General Palma*. and you | declare that that
board is unfair and will be unfair in the per
formance of its duties. .'
The board to which you refer was consti
tuted without ' reference to any candidate and
before any candidates had been named. It
consisted of the president and four of the dis
tinguished members of the Constitutional Con
vention elected by the people of Cuba to pro
vide for the establishment of the new govern
ment. It had the approval of the convention
and of the people whom the convention rep
resented. Since the board was thus constituted
candidates for the Presidency have been nom
inated and it happens that you' and your
friends have nominated a candidate- who has
no adherent on the board. That furnishes no
ground for turning the board out of office or
for postponing the election and overturning the
election machinery carefully provided by the
representatives of the Cuban people in conven
tion assembled, and establishing new machinery
for the purpose of putting adherents of your
candidate into office. If such a course were
adopted new nominations would require n«w
postponements and rearrangements and an elec
tion might be indefinitely postponed. It Is a
false theory of official responsibility which as
sumes that gentlemen placed in conspicuous
positions of public trust. will be guilty of of
ficial malfeasance because they may personally
prefer one candidate rather than another.
As to the assertion that the central board of
scrutiny has in fact proved to be unfair, some
thing beslde» mere assertion is necessary. No
facts are stated by you to sustain thl3 assertion
except that you allege that an illegal selection
of delegates to a provincial board of canvassers
has been approved, but you state that there was
a failure to post a list of taxpayers, which the-
Clty Council of Havana ought to have posted
on the 29th of October. This was not the busi
ness of the central board of scrutiny. I am
informed, moreover, by cable from Havana that
the list in question was posted ,on the 30th of
October The single day's delay could not have
occasioned you or your associates the slightest
Injury or Inconvenience, and an objection based
upon it is in the highest degree technical. While
I do not for a moment suppose that you intend
any such result, I cannot avoid the conviction
that your request calls upon the United States
for the very interference with the Cuban elec-'
tion which your associates have deprecated and
which it is cur duty and purpose to avoid. Tour
application must, accordingly, be denied.
CHARGED WITH ABUSE OF
FEEBLE-MINDKD CHILD
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children states
that a case of exceptional brutality was
reported to him yesterday as existing at
the home of G. W.- Nlelson, 1121 Fell
street. It was alleged that a feeble-mind
ed son was kept tied up in the cellar,and
was brutally beaten by his parents.
Officer McMurray visited the Nielsan
home and found the little fellow in the
back yard with his hands tied tight be
hind him. s Whether the boy was kept in
the cellar he could not learn from the
parents, although he states that the
neighbor's substantiate the charge. He
released the child and ordered that he be
treated humanely in the future.
Secretary White says that he shall at
tempt to have' the boy placed in the asy
lum at Eldrldge, although the institution
is now overcrowded and the greatest dif
ficulty is experienced in having new
charges admitted.
News Letter a "Work of Art.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco News Letter is an artistic gem.
Typographically it is a marvel. It Is
printed on heavy glossed paper • and
bound in rough green material, embossed
In colors.,. The coyer design is most at
tractive. 'From a' literary standpoint it
is one of the best holiday editions ever
Issued in this city. It is filled with poems
by prominent writers, short . stories,
beautifully illustrated, from the pens of
clever litteratures, and pages of matter
descriptive of San Francisco and vicin
ity. The halftone work in the weekly
is perfect. The cuts are reproductions of
famous paintings and photographic views
of scenes along the water front in var
ious parts of the city and around the
bay. -
Christmas Entertainment.
The Washington Dramatic Society will
hold a Christmas entertainment and
dance on. the evening of December 23 at
Union Square Hall. An excellent musl-'
cal and literary programme will be ren
dered and two lively one-act. farces, en
titled "Dr. Sawbones' Assistant" and
"My Turn Next" will be presented. Danc
ing will begin. at 10 o'clock, ,-r--
Copies of the great Christmas edi
tion can be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers, newsboys and at tiia
Business Office of this paper.
Charged With Burglary.
A man who gave his name as John Foo
was arrested last- night - by Policeman
O'Brien and booked at the City Prison, on
a charge of burglary. Rose Reubens,
who keeps a Pacific. street resort, claims
that Foo entered her room and stole a
gold •, watch. -
I j|ll!i& 1 One Qi 1 eiv 1 ho\is8aYd. i
§9 fSB I am glad to add my testimony to that of many who have been benefited by the use of Wine of Cardul §9
P| h^'llli wa derangements. My symptoms were severe lancinating pains in the side, neuralgia, pains in the back, loins 2a
||3 A (IK \\\\ HI and thighs. Each month I suffered from an increased pain in the head, neck and shoulders. I had several 18
pf ' - / ul Y Ma ■' a^acks of nervous fever and irritation of the stomach* Three years ago Wine of Cardui was trcomrnend'ed KB
Jpf /^^^^''-^^yv - W YU J f$& *° zne by * school teacher .who had suffered in a like manner. I purchased a bottle and was greatly relieved. |> |
H lljSu I'_l/H ■' Ayeaf^ atef ' "^ a^ aiid am wlUmg to state tlut Wine of Cardoi and Thedford's Black- M
H| Jg -^v^^*S^^ la Prcmgk* '**c wonderful medicines and deserve great praise. No one need stiff ef from female disorden if they K|j
HI JS^y*— % j l^V i L_^jf\ IS £* vc these grand medicines a trial. • Hoping this testimonial will induce some suffering woman to try Wine «»'
m SJdiS^PTL- 11^ of Cardui, r I remam to" gratitude, ANNA L. STUBBS. l|
| J 7^L-^s&5gS^S^ fella this letter Is only one of ten thousand on file In our office representing R
1 1 c^J^w^^^o • ra the testimony of 1,000,000 American women who have been cured of ill
,ii Mr M female diseases by taking Wine of Cardui In the privacy of their homes. £§
1 1 J^^p^iS^-p-^ \J***+flff Iff Wine of Cardui cures disordered menstruation, falling of the womb, Ieu« II
1 1 Hg^yysl *\^^^' = Tf ff coThcea, prevents miscarriage, and la the best medicine in the world for ||i
W X^^^^y^^^vlj^l / ft us ® during "change of life." AH druggists have $I.OO bottles. Ilk'
EH *f%<\»*\ _fc~" T f^y l3 For advice and literature, address, rlrlny symptom., "The Ladles' Advisory P|)
W^k!** — .K-..A- Hgi .■ : : Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Teaa.
$ • Open Every Evening Until Christmas. 8
r^ .Christmas Gifts for AH A\ankind. |
Jf -.'■■ I"** [ Gloves make an "all right" gift for anybody. When ** r «***""«^ *a¥MM *9U[SjJMa&9 J||
' \ t % ' y ou ave 1 an<^ thought and thought, and can- Kodaks and Camera Supplies make J(
* i* T not make up your mind what to buy, decide on >8S5Rb Chiistmas presents of the fint.
>U Gloves. It you don't know her size or the colors f$v£*s3? class. r^(
K . ; V ". **"■* she likes » buY a Glove Order foT the number tfVrSjQ fh'||iiiiii^T|'..,._ Brownie Cameras — For boys and %
«C of pairs that you wish to give. The Glove Order will make a hit. E^ girls, a useful and instructive gift "J
I ' Merchanttese Of tiers. - /§>* ■W 1 ' ■„ • •••••• • • • • aoo |
it Then, again/if you don't wish tc iVect the present yoursrlf, buy a Mer- / . %w^Srrt V ' VC v£\^T *
» ' ° . *v, V^O/JK^M » pictures 1%^% wcnis . . . . Ji
\.&Do:YoU.;SmkBOwis?-?fy™.^* ll T* Bulise'ye' N,.' 4 Camera^iSes |
£• V the best known and best liked 5c cigars that are sold in '\ pictures 4x5 inches . . $Q.6D jH
*£ th : s city. To-day and during balance of the week, we No. I Panoram— Makes pictures *X X 7 inches $8 m 0O G
5? offer a limited quantity of these cigars at Vft £?^* No. 2 Panoram— Makes pictures 2^x12 bches $16.00 f t
X o * jS&ZvlM&S Stereoscopic Kodak — Makes pictures either 3^x6 bches or 3K X 3K ft
S r S , fO ?A' ; •' " '/ •>••••, *^«^ i^ rice ............/ $12.00 J|
* Limit— 16 OgifS to a Single Customer. Fold:n< Pocket Kodaks ......... . J 8.00, I9.60, f 14.00 {|
jfx~ — ~ — — — — — ; ; — Cartridge Kodaks . ......... . $16.00, $20.00, $28.00 i{
5 £&B*5g*g* M§M&^ Fr S m T^l#« Soldat EnIar S'"S Cameras $7.50 it
E *•* **^*^ UmMUM*9 the - B %Mjf O» Albums— Paper coven, each, 8c and lie; cloth covers, 13c to $1.35; 3{
t? -a. . 1 — 1 /■ n ' . ,. leather covers, ?oc to J4.00; burnt leather coven, 15c, 45c, 90c to %J
*I rfl HAA r^llllJ „.. * J M tr^\r\P\V\ T iF'tT il'lil' $*- 3 S»Dt Luxe coven, $1.35, $2.50, J3.50. }f
S»° 0 ' Eg> 4'^rt«4^l TTxIfr^^^ Jll IriacA 5.1'a^r^ (H • ta **' > ,!t-l rim m mm* m 4 M V
f JjmL$0g^7& . Hand-PmintBd ]j
6 Iron I^iilroad Trains— Consisting of locomotive, tender and cars. '. ** B H£IIT~~. "**
ff--- ... ... . . • 25c, 50c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.0<\ $2.50, $3 50 BfBJSBi Vu&PQa £
% Freight Trains . . . ... . . . 25c, 50c to $3.50 . ■ «
tt Mechanical Tin Train— Without track . . . . . 25c, 5Cc to $2.00 The Chinaware Department is now displaying hundreds Jj
a? With circular track . ./.... . . . . . . 50c, 7r c to $5.00 of beautiful Holiday Articles in Cameo Bisque, Bo- SsSgg^ ••
K Velocipedes— Black enameled, plab tire . $1.75, $2, $2.50, $3, $3.50 : hemian Glass, Bisque Figures, Bronze Statues, Haviland t Jj
Jff With rubber tires. ........... .$3.25, $?J5, $4.50 China, Carlsbad Chba, Terra Cotta I «8fcWll '«
*? B!ac< boards— Wall boards .'.... . . 50c, $1.00, $2.50, $5.00 Ware, Iridescent Glassware, Cut^l<'2jfev J _ r?M?Ua " v
Easel boards • • •„/. 1 . . •,. '• .... • • - 50c to $2.50 Glass, etc. Some very charming r^^^^^^JjLJ^^ •'
Tricyc'es — Adjustable to different sizes of little folks; seat upholstered in gifts can be se!ected from the Hand- iEw^^^^&v^T^I^jS^ •■*
Si bright plush; plain tire3 . .-<• . . . . . ?>; . . . $4-00 to $8.50 Painted Opal Ware, of which we * %
»£ Rubber Tires . ' '. . . . . . . . . . . $6.00 to $13.00 make a large display. *
X Magic : Lanteri«— Each packed in box, f\ Collar or Ccff Boxes-Like picture, X
K with handsome picture shde; a very - ;^ pbk fl owers pink ccn or blue edge, with gold 'tracing, *
* - large assortment, 50c, $1.00,' $1.50,' 1 I - , O nlv ... R n '
2 $2.00 $3.00 to $20.00. -- H e^^=i^?^b Hand-Pain'ted Opal # GFov4 Box-Lik'e picture; green, pink or 'blue, b Jf
g. Stoves and Rangcs-Tm: ranges, com : >^1_J^J g^p gold edge, with roses or pansy decorations . 65o £
h ?\ eti ™* f™™ er "f^* zhen iXZ: S®nlBHAr Hard" e-ehief Fox to match above Ss" £
irMM . 'r ' 75 % $2<50 $$$ "and-Peinted Oca! Plaques-Each ...... 25O to $2.0O %
tS Children s Boxing ■■ Gloves-Set : of Rose Bcwls— Each, 35c; Card Holders, 2*e; Card Boxes, £
* gloves . . .-. ... $1.Ob >TL11 1 ' " " "^ 20o: Puff Boxes, 2Dc; Bon Bon Boxes, 20 o; Comb and !*
£ Balking Donkey— Latest novelty in me- if .. f ■ ' Brash Trays. «*7o- «
jf chanical toys; life like motionj a funny clown driver; only . . 5OO Burrau Sets— Two large botties, comb and brush tray, powder box, jewel «
g Velocipede Wsgon-Can be used as an ordinary pull 'wagon or prope.led b(j b & n handsomd decoratcd . \\ , ■ $2.10 3c
J? with the feet; body 14x31 bches long, $3-75; with rubber Ores $5.00 - - r **.*** JJ
lAihums^eatherGooeis Groceries and Liquors |
tf Thotograph Alburrs— Celluloid front, beauti- -; /^N. Ask for one of our Holiday Price Lists of the best of things 5
* I Sue i eCOrated ' Silk . pluSh back> - J-^2 iW^lW^n ' tO Cat and - the choicest of li 5 u '' ds to drink - We »^te a X
S iioother 'styles or Mums f.om /g M/Fffi/i co ™?* rUo \ ot P ric « f ° r " m ? ar \ ualidc9 ' '** and «
* ■ Q '<-/• tn * r o /10 ' '■/£& m vLJLJ u whfn you have noted the saving that vou can make in -g
ft Musical Albums-Full celluloid, with very OgT^~^ this departmsnt, we believe that you will become our It
*>° artistic decorations; "when open plays two f 1) q«Sftl^*-i- permanent customer, if yon are not one already. •;
J» p'easingairs. . . . . . . . $4.OO \WW^^^' fff M"s. J2c v son's Hcm?-Made Plum Pudding — i-lb'. 30c; 2-lb. . 5Oq Jr
tf PoshI Card Albums— Bock to hold 50 if'/ %**&§/ J/ LlbbyN '• Ncnisuch" Condemed Mir.cemzat— 3 packages . . 25o « s
|£ cards, 25a; ioo cards, 5Dc; 200 fflffiMiljy Rest Enfflhh Walnuts — a lbs. for 25c %
*• cards, 85CJ 5 CO card s .-. .$1.25 m\P tir$&f/ Gfrd^n'& Dill worth's Plum Pudding — z-Ib. size, 40CJ i-ll» . . 22o !«
at Traveling Rcl! — Grain Uf ' *rf/ Paw Peanuts — Best quality, lb Wo &
*£ '. leather soft folding case, *^ Ba S/ Date' — Stu°ed with assorted nuts; package. ....... . 35? '*
J : - j^l ' containing 8 pretty toilet, fittings; a very good Recleaned Currants — z lbs.. ............ . 25o "%
* 3 //^ quality .v. 1 . . . . .$3 m 5O Seedei Raisins — Best quality; lb. package ......... f*O r*
S " ff\' Other styles Traveling Rolls, $1.25, Best A«ort^d Nuts-AU new and 1 choke-, a. . . ..... .150 %
N ienn • Best G acj Orange, Lem«n or Citrm Peels— lb 15c %
2 *. . , u. ' V ' Th.-* ■• , , r ,.' R ; bban-Tied Dem'johns of best Harper Whiskey or Brandy, each.. 75o^
X (affiSdMl MenS " Ca j"- A "'S ator S r t0 . ck ' L "'L nCd> Wh-skey— Good Kentucky Bourbon, full quarts 75 G M
K Jw&Z&Pk alligator flap, beauuful calf hn:sh.^^.S^ Sherry or Pert Wine— Good quality, 4 bottles $1~OO *
*° (V^^^^^vl Ladies' Finger Purses— Genuine seal or Boiled Cidir— Best Eastern, bottle . . . 30© \%
\* \|^^^^^^^CX alligator, leather gusset, fine finish, with Imonrted Champagne — Mumm's, Roederer, White Seal, or Red Top "%
%' -■ initial •■• • • $1.5O Monopole; quirts, f 2. 75; pints . . . . $1.45 "J
K Hand-Czrved Mexican Leather — Belts, Champagne — Best California production; a pure, natural, sparkling '§
* \^^^^^^ 75cj Letter Cases, $4.C0s Chatelaine wine; "pints, dozen, J4.C0; singl: bottle 4Do J*
ft • Bag, $5.0Cj Combination Purses, $1.00; Saut?rne— Extra table quality; 3 quart bottles $1.00 "*
Music Rons . . .• . ... . . . . . •-• • • • •• $2a5O Claret — Extra table quality; 4 quart bottles . $1.OO {|
I Holiday Sale Men's ana Boys' Clothing. %
at ■ . One-quartet* to one-third otf on up-to-date Stylish Garments. *
SANITARIUM CASE MAY
CONTINUE TWO MONTHS
Trial of Mrs.. Reeves Atkinson.
Charged With Maintaining
Nuisance, Is Begun.
The trial of Mrs. Reeves Atkinson,
charged with maintaining, a unisance in
the shape of a private sanitarium at 1815
Sutter ■- street, was commenced before
Judge Fritz yesterday. All the witnesses
were ordered out of. court and they went
to Judge Conlan's' courtroom to" wait till
called.. There were about, 100 women,
young and old, v and a few of the sterner
sex. It 'will take nearly two months be
fore the case is concluded.. ,( ,' »
The witnesses examined yesterday were
John - H. Bohlig, the complaining wit
ness, who lives on Post street at the rear
of the sanitarium; Miss L. Guggenheim,
Miss N. C. Stallman, Mrs. L. Denpler and
Ludwig Beck, all residents of the neigh
borhood. They all testified that the sani
tarium was a nuisance and that there
were loud and unearthly noises coming
from it at all hours of the night. Scenes
occurred that shocked the witnesses, they
said. Patrol wagons and ambulances
were driven up to the place at all hours
of the day and night. The case will go on
this afternoon/ : -
Lapique Must Serve" Sentence.
The Supreme Court . yesterday affirmed
the judgment of the lower court, which
declared that John; Lapique of this city,
who forged a promissory note for $800,
should have nine years in State prison
in which to repent of his crime. It was
held by the defense that the evidence ad
duced at' the former trial' was insufficient
for conviction. " . . ...... .
WANT ASSISTANCE FOR
PACIFIC COD FISHERIES
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
- elation Enlists Services of Coast
. Delegates to Washington.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation recently sent a petition to the
Coast delegation at Washington, asking
that efforts be made to secure an appro
priation for propagating codfish in Pa
cific waters. The following communica
tion, which Is said to be similar to several
others received from Senators and Repre
sentatives from Western States, was sent
by Senator Perkins to A. Sbarboro yes
terday:
I am in receipt of yours of the 5th lnst. rela
tive to the Pacific codflsheries, and will givo
the matter my consideration. As soon as yau
secure the necessary data, if you will send it
to me with a draft of a bill I will submit it
to the Commissioner of Fisheries, without
■whose advice in the matter Congress will prob
ably not act. .
I will rail the attention of the State Depart
ment to the Okhotsk fisheries.
. ' In relation to the pure food bill I would kay
that I shall give it my most careful attention.
I shall also give my attention to the bill rela
tive to convict made goods, and thank you for
the resolution forwarded. ■ • .
Commercial Men Disappointed.
The commercial men of the coast have
been hoping that the Treasury. Depart
ment, in view of the recent decision ren
dered by - the United States Supreme
Court. '■ would regard commerce [with the
Philippines as coast trade. W. M.~ Bun
ker, the Chamber of Commerce repre
sentative at Washington, telegraphed G.
W - Newhall yesterday that no such ruling
would be given, but that Congressional
ac.tion must be awaited.
QUIET WEDDING CEREMONY
AT HOME OF THE BRIDE
Miss Mary McCloud and Harry B.
Severns of St. Louis Married by
-Father Hannigkn.
A pretty afternoon wedding was cele
brated yesterday at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. Alexander McCloud, 1531 Post
street, when their daughter, Miss Mary
McCloud, was married to Harry B. Sev
ern of St. Louis.
The nuptial knot was tied by the Rev.
Father Hannlgan of St. Mary's Cathedral.
■ The maid of honor was Miss Margaret
McCloud, a sister of the bride. The groom
had for his best man Dr. A. McVean, U.
S. A. There were no other attendants.
Only the immediate relatives of the
bride were present at the ceremony. The
guests sat down to an elaborate supper,
at which the health and prosperity of the
newly made husband and wlfa were toast
ed in speech and song.
Mr. and Mrs. Severn on their return
from their honeymoon trip will take up
housekeeping at 2858 Steiner street. Mr.
Severn will engage in mercantile pursuits
in this city.
Civil Service Examination.
The civil service examination for chief
assistant engineer, bureau' of engineer
ing, Department of Public Works, will
be held in six session as follows r
December 18: 9 a. m. to 1 p. m., mater
ials of construction, etc.; 2 p. m. to 5 p. re.,
materials of construction, etc.; 7:30 p. m.
to 10:30 p. m., engineering. December 19:
9 a. m. to 12:30 p. m., engineering; 2 p. to.
to 5:15 p. m.. mathematics-: 7:30 p. m. to
10:45 p. m., mathematics.
56
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 18,1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.
liittn All foxatiiieatisci to XT. S. LEAK. Ktt*z»r-
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . ..... .Telephone Pres* 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and TUtrd. S.F.
Telephone Press 3O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prc»f» 202. - .
Delivered by Carriers, IB Cent* Per Week.
Slntrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms l»r M»ll, IncUCinpr rostajpei • <
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year l«00
PAILT CALL (Including Sui.day). 6 i.onths 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAIL.T CALL— By Single Month ••■•• 63C
STICDAY CALL. One Year.... 1 - D0
WEEKLY CALL. One Year....... I' 00
All postmasters «re anthrfrlred to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be lorwarded when requested.
Mill subscriber* In orderir* changre of addrem . should be
particular to rive both NEW A!CD OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKX.AJTD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kisvit rcrtim A£v* rtisicr. Karqcttte Enildln*. Chlc»r».
CSjonz Distance Telephone "Central" I61S-")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: . .
C C CARLTOJT Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: . '
STEPHETf Bl SMITH SO Tribune BnildlnST
.;. a" ; KFW TORK NEWS STANDS: -
"Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel. .> '• >'
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sfcennao House: P. O. News Cc.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
TTASirrjrGTOK a>. o office. . . .i-*o« a St.. jr. w.
MOBTO\ E. CRA5E, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opep
until >:S8 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:J0 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open ■until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open untlt
»:39 o'clock. 19<l Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22€1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9, o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,* open until 9 o'clock.
OM FUlmor*. open until 9 p. m.
AMTTSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "The Gay Mr. lAghttoot,"
Columbia— "A Royal Rogue."
Orpfceuin — Vaudeville;
Grand Opera-house — "Diplomacy.**-
California — "Rip Van Winkle."
Tlvoll — "Uttle Red Riding Hood.**
Central — "Muldoon'« Picnic"
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rrenlns.
Fiecher* •— Vaudeville.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
~ AUCTION SALES.
By "Win. G. Layng— Saturday. December 21. at 11 o'clock.
Trotting Stock, at 721 Howard street-
THE MERCHANT MARINE.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that the merchant marine bill introduced by
Senator Frye is not wholly satisfacSfcy even
to those who are most eager to provide for the up
building of American shipping. The correspondent
of the Boston Transcript says that Senator Frye him
self "has made no? secret of his dislike, relatively
speaking, of the " present bill, or of the fact that
his aim in drafting it was to secure something
which would quiet the opposition of Western Repub
licans in the House and Senate, and so make a start
upon subsidy legislation."
While such reports are somewhat discouraging,
they are by no means so bad as they sound. The
proposed legislation is something like a new depar
ture in American politics. It is natural, therefore,
that differences of opinion exist as to what are the
best means of providing for an increase of our ocean
going merchant marine, and also as to what would
be the effects of adopting any particular measure.
Those differences can be harmonized only by experi
ment in the practical operation of the shipping law.
Experience soon shows wherein any legislation is
effective and wherein it is deficient," In this, as in
everything else, we must learn' to do by doing. We
can never build up our merchant fleets and fit them
for competition with the subsidized lines of Europe
if we follow the policy of "hanging our^clothes on" a
hickory limb and never going near the water." The
only way by which we can get a perfected system of
legislation on the subject is to enact the best we can
devise to start with, and then amend it from time to
time as occasion demands and experience proves
best. rV' £'';':•:"•
The delay of Congress in dealing with this feature
of our commercial needs has reached the point of
dilly dally. Year after year, in Congress after* Con
gress, we have had nothing but delay. In the mean
time our foreign commerce has expanded to a mag
nitude which compels us to pay an enormous tribute
to the foreign ship-owners who carry it. In his re
cent address at the banquet of* the Massachusetts
Association Senator Hanna estimated that trib
ute at $200,000,000 a year.
The evil of depending upon foreign ships for carry
ing our exports and imports was pointed out by
Senator Hanna in the statement: "England has
taken her ships' from us and used them in carrying
troops and munitions of war to South Africa, while
the ore is lying on our docks awaiting transporta
tion, with no ships to send it in.- From October 1,
1899, to June 30, 1900, 173 steamers cleared Boston
for Europe with 639,555 tons. The total exports on
all were valued at $79,000,090. During the correspond
ing period in the previous year the clearings for
England were 258 steamers of 958,677 tons. The
total valuation of the exports was $101,000,000. The
loss to Boston was the difference between these
amounts. If that was true of Boston it was true of
TCew York and of every seaport in the United
If the transfer of British shipping to meet the
emergency of a comparatively small war like that in
the Transvaal has caused so great a loss to our com
merce as that specified by the Senator, it is easy to
foresee that if Great Britain became involved iri a
war with some great nation like Germany the loss to
ourselves would be enormous. Our industries are
becoming more and more dependent upon our for
eign trade, and if that trade were interfered with the
home market would "j be glutted with . surplus
products' and the whole country would suffer.
We need an American marine adequate to the re
quirements of our commerce. We cannot obtain such
a marine unless we are willing to pay for it. Ship
building in the United States is 25 per cent higher
than in Europe, the operation of ships at American
wages is 22 per cent higher than European ships,
and, moreover. Europe pays $28,000,000 annually in
subsidies. That is the situation. The Republican
party is pledged to promote our merchant .marine.
It is high time the pledge were kept.
THE *SAN FRANCISCO GAiL,:WEDNESDAY v DECEMBER 18,31901.
THE AFFAIR CUBAN
IT is announced that General Wood has returned to his, post in Cuba, declaring that
£ the island is to have the tariff abatement ami abolition which its planters and cap-,
italists demand of this country. This demand is free admission of sugar and a 50
per cent abatement on the tobacco rate. Free sugar means the closing of most of
the beet sugar mills and crippling of the rest, in this country and obsoletion of the cane
plantations of Louisiana and on the Brazos in Texas.
Americans have investments in sugar and* tobacco plantations in Cuba, but Amer
icans also have about $40,000,000 invested in beet sugar plants in this country ..* and as
much more in tobacco. They may not be as compactly organized as the Cuban capital
ists, but they will be heard from if it prove that General Wood's prophecy have any
foundation. \ The present and future prosperity of the American people- has its chief value
in its diffusion, inMts generality, inits prevalence, in every. interest having a share in it.
The economic philosophy of Mr. McKinley was deeper than that of Clay's American
system. Mr. Clay's analysis never achieved the detail and never traced the policy of pro
tection to the store in every pocket, the fire on every hearth and the food on every table,
as did that of McKinley. •
The McKinley policy contemplated the domestication here, of every form of pro
duction, manual, mechanical and agricultural,' that »was; not barred by physical condi
tions. He believed in the variety and the vigor of American capacity, and proposed that
its exercise should be invited by a variety of occupations commensurate with its diver
sified powers. With, that capacity in full exercise and addressed to all occupations, and
engaged in all productions that can supply the complex wants of man, he looked upon
the total result as evidence of general prosperity. He also believed that to put any part
of the complex operation out of action meant injury to the whole. Obsoleting any one
form of production by destroying its profit meant so much dead matter in the indus
trial body. ■ ■ ,' .'— ,
In pursuance of this theory and policy he domesticated here the manufacture of
tin, of plate glass, pearl buttons, beet sugar and a score of other industries. The Agricul
tural Department under his organization and impulse proceeded at, once to explore the
world for useful trees, plants and vines, with which to diversify the field, fiber and fruit
crops of the country to make the'profits of the farmer more secure by making him more
independent of accident to a single crop. Therefore, we have the Smyrna fig product
firmly planted jn California, and also the date about to occupy thousands of acres in our
deserts, and new legumes and forage plants introduced to fertilize the soil and add to its
profits. \ '*'■'
What Americans need is to comprehend the wholeness, the unity, the oneness of
this remarkable system which gives to every hand gainful occupation according to its
training and to every man opportunity according to his genius.
But the integrity of the system depends upon^the presence of each of its parts. It'
is a beautiful arch, impressing us with its. benefits, and, by its strength and power, inspir
ing the awe of the world. But take out its keystone, or a single stone anywhere, and its
curve is spoiled and its strength gone. The removal of a single unit which enters into
the structure should be resisted. We make no : partisan issue. There is no middle
ground between this system of perfect protection and that of free trade. A frank free
trader like Cleveland or Carlisle commands respect. He is understood. He has a phil
osophy, and, carrying out the reasoning of Cobden, he is for free trade because in his
philosophy, though it be false, and by his reasoning, though it be illogical, free trade is for
the benefit of his own countrymen. At the other extreme is the protection advocated by
McKinley, for the benefit of Americans. Each system pleading the same motive, and
free trade therefore deserving of respect, albeit not justified by experience.
Between these two extremes of economic philosophy lie the policies innominata,
with no relation to either, originating in the passing purpose of some class or group of
individuals who put their personal profit against general prosperity. They want -to re
move a stone here and there from the arch, for their own gain, and the spoiled curve does
not impress them. They always come with some specious plea: Just now they are trying
to impress American sympathy by crying out that when we declared' war against Spain
we promised stable prosperity to Cuba, and it is our duty to injure ourselves now by free
trade with that island in order that it may not have a panic! '
.• This plea is false. We assumed no such obligation.. The claim is fantastic. The
economic structure built by McKinley must stand. It has but one logical opponent and
that is the free trader. When it falls let him build his Utopia on its ruins. But mean
time let the innominata, the mongrel, the anonymous, welter in the greed that
begets them.
OUR TRADE WITH CHINA
f^PECIAL COMMISSIONER ROCKHILL'S
report of the 'results of the negotiations at Pe-
king has just been submitted to Congress.
From the summary which has been telegraphed, jit
appears the report makes an excellent showing for
American diplomacy. By reason of our action in op
posing and eventually mitigating the severity of the
extreme demands originally made by several of the
European powers we have gained the friendship of
Chinese officials and may expect that friendship to
manifest itself in favorable concessions to American
trade".
It happens that the submission of this report to
Congress coincides with the publication of the Treas
ury Bureau of Statistics showing that American com
merce with China suffered more during the disturb
ances of the past year than that of any other country.
Just why it should be so in view of the earnestness
with which American officials were protecting China
from her enemies is not clear, but the facts are un
mistakable. They appear in the official figures of the
Chinese Government, and it would seem, therefore,
that trade does not follow the lines of national grati
tude. .
The report of the Bureau of Statistics says: "Im
ports into China from Great Britain in 1900 exceeded
those of 1899 by more than five million Haikwan taels,
those from Russia increased a million Haikwan "taels,
those from Turkey in Asia, Persia, Egypt, Algiers,
etc., showed "a considerable increase, and those from
Continental Europe, a slight increase; while from the
United States the imports fell from 22,288,745 Haik
wan taels in 1899 to 16,724,493 in This was a re
duction in imports from the United . States of about
25 per cent, while the United Kingdom showed an
increase of more than 10 per cent, Russia more than
25 per" cent, the Asiatic countries above mentioned 40
The United States condemned Spain for ill-treat
ing Cuba, Germany condemns the United States for
grabbing the Philippines, France . condemns Ger
many for oppressing the Poles, Great Britain con
demns France for invading Tonquin, .while . Spain
pops up^to join in the condemnation of Great Britain
for the war in South Africa; and thus do the people
of- each of the great powers prove themselves
champions of liberty and friends of the oppressed.
It has been stated that the German tariff bill now
under consideration was drawn up as a hit at the
United States, but now it is reported that: Russia
threatens Germany with reprisals if the bill passed,
so it appears the bill has a back action movement and
menaces the fellow, behind Germany much more than
the one in front.
,- A coterie of girls in the Harvard annex intend to
don trousers in a* play in which they are to take part.
Perhaps they want to secure an amateur experience
in a role in which some day they hope to-win pro
fessional success. ' , '■ :i'- : *
Miss Stone's' stay- with the Bulgarian bandits prom
ises to be long enough to enable her to convert them
or else to grow up with the country and be a bandit
inaid herself.
per cent, and Continental Europe a slight increase."
An examination of the details of. the import trade
of China during 1900 as compared with previous
years makes the showing for us even worse than ap
pears in the general statement. The largest imports
into China from the United States consist of cotton
goods and kerosene. These come into competition
with British, Dutch and Japanese cotton fabrics and
with Russian and Sumatran kerosene. The 'figures
received by the bureau show that in cotton drills the
imports of English goods fell from 78,887 pieces in
1899 to 69,047 in 1900, a reduction of less than 10,000
pieces; that the imports of Dutch drills increased
from 40,170 pieces in 1899 to 44,624 in 1900; but that
those of American drills fell from 1,626,107 pieces in
1899 to 805,892 in 1900, a reduction of more than one
half in American goods; while those from England
showed a reduction of less than 15 per cent, and those
from the Netherlands an actual gain of more than
10 percent. Kerosene oil importations 'of the Ameri
can product fell from 40,724,989 gallons to 34,447,112
gallons, a decrease of more than six million gallons;
that from Russia fell from 35,695,116 to 32,708,757
gallons, a decrease of about 3,000,000 gallons; while
that from Sumatra showed an increase of over 4,006,
000 gallons, the figures for, Sumatran oil being, for
1899 11,993,202 gallons, and for 1900 16,424,155.
It will be seen from these figures that the diplo
matic work done by Commissioner Rockhill has been
more beneficial to China than to us. We have made
friends among Chinese officials, while Europe has
made customers mong the merchants- It is possible,
of course, :that the effects of our diplomacy will be
more fully felt in the years to come and that we will
from this time on gain instead of lose in the Chinese
trade. At any rate there is large room for improve
ment/ :-, : .-.. • . - ;
.The new register of Federal office-holders is said to
include 222,000 names exclusive of enlisted men in the
army and navy. If is noted that there -has been a
large increase in the number, of office-holders since
the Spanish war, and it would seem that if we could
only have a series of wars the time would come, when
there would be Offices enough to furnish one for
every citizen who voted right.. • • '
The Supreme Court of- New 'York has made an
other encroachment upon the acquired rights of
woman. This august tribunal has decided that mar
ried men - under certain conditions . are not ■ respon
sible for the debts of their wives, even when these
debts are for necessities of life. And brutal man re
joices. -.{•";-*../ '
A few days ago General'Dewet, with two thousand
troops, almost surrounded kitchener's forces. The
gallant British general has not, it is almost needless
to^say, sent to.his home office one of his "I regret. to
report",communications.- '"
Democratic Senators are wondering -what - to "do
with McLaurin of South Carolina, and Republican
Senators are wondering what to do ■ with Weliington
of Maryland,, and the chances are an effort will.be
made to swap' troubles . ,'"
MRS. LOWEN BERG GIVES A BREAKFAST
IN COMPLIMENT TO PHILOMATH CLUB
IN the maple-room of the Palace Hotel
:' yesterday. Mrs. I: Lowenbergj .was
hostess at one of the largest break
fasts San Francisco ha3 seen . for
many a day. The banquet was given
in compliment. to the -ladies of the Philo
math Club, of which Mrs. Lowenberg 1 is
president. The invitations included the
members of the Laurel Hall, of which
she was: formerly, president. Mrs. Low
enberg also invited the officers of the
California Club, Century, Forura, Sorosis,
Corona, Contemporary, Ebell, Town and
Gown, Adelphian and Mills clubs. Covers
were laid for - 240 guests. ; Five tables the
length of the room were prettily deco
rated with scarlet polnsetta grouped with
foliage and red and silver candelabra. The
menu was elaborate. The scene t~p.a a
brilliant one. The ladies were faultlessly
attired, most of the gowns . being as ar
tistic as their wearers are clever— and
that is saying a good deal,' for these San
Francisco clubs, are composed principally
of t bright, progressive women, working
along some particular line to the best of
their ability. After the luncheon came
the following toasts, Mrs. George "W.
Haight being toastmistress:
"Greeting-," Mrs. I. Lowenbersr; "Tele
pathy," j Mrs. J. Brandt: "Undercurrents,"
Mrs. E. G. Denniston: "Houses of Glass,"
Mrs. Lovell White; "The Worst in Man," Mrs.
Herman Heyneman; "Domestic Tyranny," Mrs.
W. B. Harrington; "The Wane of Tradition,"
Mrs. Julius JCahn; "Literary Indigestion,"
Mrs. Ella M. Sexton; "Modern Miracles," Mrs.
John F. Swift: "Nothinn for NothinK," Mrs.
A. L. Brown; "The Best in Man," Mrs. Louis
"Weinmann: "Lapsus LinBuea," Mrs. M. C.
Sloss; "Shadows," Mrs. John F. Merrill;
"Wire Pulline," Miss Mabel C. Craft; "The
Nation," Mrs. L. L. Dunbar.
'■ The toasts were received with warm ap
plause and proved particularly entertain
ing. ■
After the final toast, "The Nation," the
programme closed with "America," by
the orchestra.
A short reception followed in an adjoin
ing room, and Mrs. Lowenberg was con
gratulated upon the success of the af
fair.
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Mrs. A. L. Brown, Mrs. Sylvain Weill, Mrs.
I. Hecht, Mrs. M. Heller, Mrs. J. J. Jacobi,
Mrs. Benjamin' Arnhold, Mrs. Henry Sahleln,
Mrs! ■ J. Sultan, Mrs. J. O. Hirschfelder, Mrs.
Irving Weill,. Miss Eva Wineburgh, Mrs. Wil
liam Frank, Mrs. Charles Ackerman, Mrs. M,
J. Brandenstein and Mrs. A. Brown.
The residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Baldwin, 975 Golden Gate avenue, was the
scene of a brilliant assemblage of rela
tives and friends of their daughter, Miss
Vlra A. Baldwin, "last Sunday afternoon,
as Miss Vira was to depart on the follow
ing day to become the bride of Lorenz J.
Stubenranch of Houston, Tex.
The parlors were prettily decorated with
smilax, Christmas berries and lilies. There
were presents from her many friends.
Dainty refreshments were served. Among
those present were:
G. Feris Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs. O. C. Bald
win] Miss Edna Baldwin, Miss Alice Vice, Miss
Bowen, Fred Ross, James Armstrong, Mrs.
Ellen Ross, Miss Gail Van Kirk, Miss Louise
Van Kirk, Thomas Bockenvogen, M. E. Rafael,
James Rafael, Miss Emily Peterson, Miss
Daisy Peterson, ' Miss Jennie Gay, Miss Alice
Murray, Miss Essie . Nosberg, Miss Eunice
Blythe, Charles McKaron, Fabian Finch, Pro
fessor and Mrs. Widder, Frank Hall, Howard
Van Kirk, Miss' Ella Delano, ; Mr. Cowen and
Miss Geary.
The California Club's department of
PERSONAL MENTION.
H. T. Marsh is among the arrivals -at
the California. ■*
Dr. T. A. Keables of the Veterans' Home
is at the Grand.
W. H. x Wilbur, a rancher of Tulare,
is a guest at the Russ.
*C. C. Crow, a cattleman of Crows
Landing, is at the Lick.
. W. E. Guber, a fruit grower of Sacra
mento, is "at the Palace.
Dr. T. P. Tooley of Willows Is among
the arrivals at the Lick.
Charles G.^ Lamberson of Visalia is
spending a few days at the Lick.
James McCudden, a naval- contractor
of Vallejo, is a guest at the Grand.
C. A. Gerst, a " wine manufacturer of
Livermore, is a guest "at the California.
' G. W. Crystal, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville; Is spending a few days at the
Grand." Irj- - v
C. T. Rogers, a milk condenser , paten
tee of Detroit, Mich., is spending a few
days at the California.
j. G. Hamilton, a merchant of Holllster,
is up here on -a short business trip and
has made the Russ his headquarters. •
W. E. Woolsey, one of the most exten
sive fruit growers of the State, is down
from Santa Rosa and is at the Occiden
tal. / ■ •"^.^:' : : '' . • ■
George A. Batchelder is up from Menlo
Park with his wife and family to spend
the holiday season In town. He is at the
Occidental. : y ; *•* U -\ S-.
Deputy United States Marshal A. L.
Farish leaves this city this morning for
his fruit ranch near Rumsey, Capay Val
ley, to spend the holidays.
- Chief Clerk E/B. Jerome was not at his'
desk inMhe Custom-house . yesterday, his
physician having ordered "him | to refrain
from office work for several days. 1 Jerome
has' a severe attack of neuralgia in the
chest] .■ ■'". ; . •
Calif ornians in. New.York.
NEW , YORK, Dec. 17.— The . following
Calif ornians are in New York; From
San Francisco-^Miss Baldwin, J. Birm
ingham; at Murray Hill; P. R.; Bradley at
Imperial; S." Russell , and wife at Grand
Union ; . Mrs. W. ; Morris, Miss B. Morris
at Manhattan.' :]
. From San -'Jose— W. Osterman, Mrs. W.
Osterman at Manhattan."
.From' Los Angeles— N.' Cole Jr., at Park
Avenue. :
: From Oakland— F. Rosenberg ,at Im
perial.'fffllBBgSBStfiHHUBUHB
HOTEL. iDEL CORON ADO,' choicest Wlntei
Resort in the. world,' offers best living, climate,
boating. ' bathing, flshlns and '.' most \ amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock.' manager, Coronado, Cal.
BRILLIANT SCENE AT BREAK
PAST TO WOMEN'S- CLUBS
AND THE HOSTESS.
education entertained all -the members of
mothers' clubs In the city at the Y. M. C.
A. Auditorium yesterday afternoon. The
programme was a lecture on Japanese art
by Henry Payot. The lecture was Illus
trated with stereoptlcon views. The en
tertainment offered was of a very high
grade arid thoroughly enjoyed by the large
audience. <>,#*'
* r * *
Las Lomas Parlor No. 72 will eive a
Christmas party on Friday evening, De
cember 20. Besides the Christmas tree
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SETH LOW— J. H. S., City. Seth Low.
recently elected Mayor of New Tork City,
was Mayor of Brooklyn, N. T., 1SS1-5.
PIERPONT MORGAN-A., Santa Cruz,
Cal. The residence of J. Plerpont Morgan
is 219 Madison avenue, New York City.
HARRY . HILL— Sport, City. Harry
Hill, the veteran sportsman, died in Cor
ona, L. I., August 27, 1896, at the age of 77.
ST. JOHN'S PARISH— W. C. R.. City.
Catholic - service In St. John's parish is
held in Mission street, opposite St. Mary'a
avenue. Rev. Peter D. Brady, rector.
TWO PARKS— C. E. F., City. The area
of i Central Park in , New York City was
originally 776 acres, but it has since been
increased ■ by the addition of sixty-eight
acres and of Manhattan Square, eighteen
acres, making a totaj of .862 acres. • The
area of Golden Gate Park, San Francisco,
is 1400 acres. . :
FROM THE ORIENT— Mrs. M. E. R.,
Palermo, Cal." Communicate with ' the
Merchants' Exchange, .this city, . about
making arrangements to notify you by
telegraph when a, certain steamer from
the Orient is sighted. A steamer general
ly makes port in three hours after being
sighted. Passengers from such vessels
are not allowed to land before daylight.'
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's. »
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap baa
&£ ts *V A nice * nresen t lor Eastern friends'
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building?*
Special ' Information supplied dally . to
business ; houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone. Main 1042. •
Two-pound handsome flre-etched box of
California Glace Fruits, express charges'
prepaid to Chicago, 'New York and &.,»■
ern points, $1 35. Time to send now Thou
sands of packages ready. 639 Market st •
It is now an estabUahed fact that date*
of a -good quality and in commercial
quantities can be produced in the warmer
parts of Arizona, Mexico and CaUfomia
"The Overland Limited." | via Cnion Pacific
K. B.. U the only: train making connection In
Chicago with the fast Express Trains leaving
Chicago x in the morning for New York Br
this Route you can remain In San Francisco
until 10 a. m.. reaching Chicago six hours
quicker. than on any other Limited Train This
train runs Every Day in the Tear D W
Hitchcock. Gen. , Ast.. No. 1 Montgomery «t.-
a short programme will be in order, danc
ing closing the evening-.
- Mrs. Edward Eyres gave a luncheon
yesterday in honor of Mrs. Henry Page
and her daughter. Miss Ruby Page of
Valparaiso. Mrs. Page has come up from
Chile to spend the winter in San Fran
cisco and visit relatives. She ha3 taken
apartments at the Plymouth with her
daughter. - .-«. ■
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
I 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRAHCISC3.
1 iio You. Intend to
I Make Any Presents? I
|| The holidays are drawing near I
|j and if you intend making any
l\ gifts you must decide on them
H pretty soon. Why not give a
H sensible present, something; use-
M fill as well as ornamental? We
a have a complete stock of fancy
H slippers for men, women and
B children, and this week offer
l] some strong "novelties. Ladies'
H Black, Green or Red Velvet
p Puritan Juliets with buckles on
p the vamps, warm flannel lined
H and fur trimmed, and THE
I PRICE ONLY $1.43. Sizes 3
I MR. B. KATSCHINSK! I
& Will be 20 years in business on H
H Friday, December 20, 1901, on fj
H which occasion a handsome pic- II
g ture of ex-President McKinleytJJ,
H will be given as a souvenir. • *H
IS O M E T HINO NEW — LadW «
Green, Red or Black Velvet Pur a
Trimmed Juliets with fancy colored U
-French heels and flarnel lined, m
THE PRICE FOR THIS WEEK t\
S1.45- Sizes 3 to 8. H
OUR STORE has. been enlarged and n
seating capacity increased. Eg
v.WE WILL. BE OPEN EVKNING3 If
• during the month of December. " J 4
NEVER MIND THE SIZE. Jast buy P
a shoe order. No present more accept-'>i j
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD STREET. U
San Francisco. [jUntil January 1st the great home furnishing mart of
the Pattosien Company, cor. 1 6th and Mission Streets,
will be open evenings till the early bed-time hour of
IO o clock. Under this arrangement vast numbers of
people unable to get away from work or business or
household duties during the day will b? enabled to take advantage of
me grand bargains now being offered and at ths same time to enjoy an
evening of recreation. They will be able to pass an evening of that
wholesome kind of excitement that consists of pleasant and instructive
sight-seeing. While leisurely selecting the new carpet or the new brass
J>ea» the new curtains and rugs, the new sideboard of bookcase, new
x table or new chair, the new range for the kitchen, the new pictures for
the parlor, they will also have the sprightly entertainment there is. in an
interesting, many-sided, gorgeously attractive spectacle. Sparkling
over wide acres of floorage, they will enjoy the millionfold splendors
and attractions o, the largest and most brilliant exposition of modern
home furniture and furnishings ever presented under brie great roof. It
means an evening of enjoyment not less than a magnificent economic
opportunity to all.
Open Evenings Till 10 O'clock Until Christmas.
SELLING RECIPE
TO MAKE WHISKY
E. Rockman, or Rock
well, Offers Induce
ments to Investors.
Selling a "recipe for making whisky"
is the latest scheme to be worked in San
Francisco, and dupes willing to part with
$50 for a list of the ingredients have held
long consultations with E. Rockman or
Rockwell, J. W. Moore and a man named
Constantine. " .
Rockman or Rockwell ' is the chief
"grafter." He arrived in this city on the
9th inst. He was preceded by Constan
tine on the 7th. and lioore arrived on the
10th.
The following advertisements were in
serted in a morning paper as the bait to
lure the unwary:
WANTED- Two active men to handle entirely
new proposition; no canvassing; $50 per week
guaranteed. Apply room 106. Leepalmer Ho
tel, from 10 a. m_ to R p. m.
BEST opportunity ever offered ; requiring from
$1XX> to $1000 for purchase of profitable busi
ness located in Pacific Coast States. Philip
pines. China, Japan, Hawaiian Islands, Alas
ka; guaranteed expenses to point of location.
Apply 20 O'Farrell St., room — , between 10
a, m. and 5 p. m.
At the lodging-house where Rockman
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o- o
At Cut Rates.
J:\We have a large as-
. sortment for selection
Albvms from .$L50
Perlvms Atomizers from 25c
Ladies' Pocket Books from ..... 25c
Pcrlvmes in fancy boxes from. .25c
Celluloid Toilet Sets from 52.00
B»3ny Toilet Szts Irom ...:.. $250
Roger & Gallet's Perfumes from . : 75c
Collar and Cull Boxes from. . . .75c
Necktie Boxes from 75c
Opera Glesses and Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free br an Expert Optician.
THE BEST POLICY
BY .'-<■
THE BEST COMPANY,
THE PACIFIC MUTUAL LIFE INSUR-
ANCE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA an-
nounces that on and after January 1. 1002. it
will be prepared to contract with agents for
the representation of its
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
throughout the United States. _
Its new policies are the best and most liberal.
T-nliroited territory and the best contracts.
Address T. L. MILLER. Assistant Secretary.
Room 2, Pacific Mutual Building. .
.... San Francisco, Calif.
A,- ■ . ■ "- - . _ ~* '
■ h B ■ Rw RS91 9H9 BSm D9 B DBS
gsx CMICMC«TER*8 CNGUSH
PEHNYROYAL, f
B^UCT^ <M«d»J«»lO«lT.«e«rfik
V, rt^ST*t CHldHESTEB'S I5NGUSH
JtE» "4 Cold meuill* boxei. Male*
*w -»T* ',*£ »«J> bloe rtbbon. T»ke n» other. Ilrfaw
-W *% »^1 De«rcrom« BuVrtlt»U<m« «»d Iralto-
I' 2g hum for Partlcnlmr*, T«t1monUU
In O «cd "Relief fur I.»<H«*,"in Utttr, bf re.
AT^ k -tT tmrmSSlL 1 0.O«K» Ti«J»»Uta. M*bj
-I «a I)r •»(■-•"- Ckl«k«rter Ch emleal Ofc,
lUBUaa OlIMpa. ff^^«~' fr«tt*re, mi 1.4, VAm •
MISCEL1LANEOUS.
or Rockwell and Constantine held forth a
steady stream of men has appeared daily
since the advertisement was started, and
at the office at 20 O'Farrell street dozens
of applicants have been seen by the
schemers.
•To those who called at the lodgins
nouse the information was given by Con
stantine that Rockman was in the "inner
office," after a bellboy had told the callers
to go to rooms 19 and 20, instead of room
106.
In the inner office" Rockman explained
nis plan of work. He claimed to have a
compound to make whisky with the aid
of alcohol and water.
He asked each applicant for $50 for a
copy of the recipe, and to those who in
vestigated Rockman said:
The Government officials never think of in-
Epecting the contents of bottles in saloons.
This compound costs $1 50 a quart. A little
of.lt added to a half pint of alcohol and three
pints or water .will make a fine whisky..
The schemers would try to sell the
recipe, saying the purchaser would make
money by doing business with saloon men.
At the office at 20 O'Farrell street Rock
man has. tried to sell his "recipe" for use
in the Hawaiian Islands and the Philip
pines. He was In the office yesterday, and
Moore was in charge during the evening.
aloore when questioned told an -evasive
story as to his dealings with Rockman,
and claimed to be in the oil business, but
admitted that he was "dickering" for the
purchase of Rockman's "business."
The internal revenue agents and the lo
cal detective officers are likely to take a
hand in the affairs of the schemers if the
latter remain in San Francisco.
CAVAGNAHO'S WINE VAULTS
ENTEBED BY BUBGLARS
Front Door Forced Open With a Jim
my and Liquor and Money-
Stolen.
The police were notified yesterday that
the premises of F. Cavagnaro, wine mer
chant,- 608 Montgomery street, were en
tered by burglars Sunday morning. En
trance was effected by forcing open a
door leading from Montgomery street
with a "jimmy," wjiich the burglars left
on the bar.' It is marked with the letter
"M."
The burglars helped themselves to the
drinks and took with them six bottles of
whisky and a bottle of wine. It is sup
posed that they knew where Cavagnaro
kept his money, as they found $147 U5
which he had hidden on the drain board
under the bar.
Movements of Transports.
The Warren left Manila on the 15th
inst. and should reach here the middle
of next month. She has aboard Generals
Funston and Hughes and a. number of
time-expired men.
The Thomas should have been here yes
terday, but as the Coptic brought news
that she was to call to Kobe and Yoko
hama on the way the chances are that it
will be Thursday before she gets in.
The Sheridan is to sail December 31, so
while the crew will have Christmas day
ashore they . will spend New Year's day
at sea. Anyhow, Uncle Sam has made
ample provisions for the new year, so
nobody aboard the Sheridan will suffer.
Work on the Sherman and Logan is
progressing and both vessels will proba
bly be ready for service In January.
The Inveramsay Arrives.
The British ship Inveramsay made port
yesterday. She had an ordinary passage
until the latitude of Pitcairn was
reached. There a storm raged and the
ship was hove to. Finally the gale sub
elded and the islanders came off with
fruit and vegetables. Everybody was well
on the island and the descendants of the
mutineers of the Bounty seemed happy
and contented. Off the Karallones the
Inveramsay met with baffling winds which
delayed her arrival several days.
The Inveramsay carries 2S00 tons of coal
and is consigned to Balfour, Guthrie &
Co.
Hogmanay in Eoyal Style.
For same years past the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club has celebrated Hog
manay In its own rooms,. conflnlnE, it to
members and their families. This year It
ha8 been decided to commemorate the
quaint old customs incidental to Hog
manay by giving a grand public supper
and ball at Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday
evening, December 31. -.
Piano Purchasers;
ATTENTION!
28 Grand and Upright
Used by Artists of /the GRAU OPERA
COMPANY Will Be Offered for Sale at
Largely Reduced Prices.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBER 9.
Old Instruments Taken in Exchange.
Among all the Instruments of re-
nowned makers here and abroad I to-
day prefer the Weber.
. EMMA CALVE.
CLAIMSE & CO.,
41 GEARY STREET, ,
Ccr. Grani Avo.
OPEN EVENINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ; DECEMBER 18,, 1901.
TEACHER'S GOLD
PREVENTS TRIAL
Professor Knowlton Un
able to Talk When
on the Stand.
Owing to a severe throat cold which is
afflicting Professor Ebenezer Knowlton
the investigation of the charges of incom
petency made against him by Albert Ly
ser, principal of the John Swett Grammar
School, was abruptly terminated yester
day, morning after being under, way for
fifteen minutes. Knowlton's voice gave
out, and despite the ministration of lozen
ges offered by School Director Mrs. Kin
caid and the expressed sympathy of
friend and foe he could not make himself
; heard without great effort.
School Director Denman was put upon
the stand when the session began, and
Attorney McPike opened the defense for
Knowlton by his examination of Denman.
The latter testified that he had lived In
"San Francisco for fifty years and that for
thirty-five years he was connected with
the school department, during which time
he knew Professor Knowlton. Soon after
this McPike struck a snag.
"What is your opinion of Professor
Knowlton as an educator?" asked Mc-
Pike.
Denman pondered over the question, fin
ally* resolving that it was not a fair one,
as he was sitting as a judge during the
investigation. Director Casserly could see
no reason why the question should not be
answered, but Mrs. Kincaid did. She said
that while Professor Knowlton might
have been a Tery good teacher in his day
he might also be very inefficient at the
present time. Denman was not pressed
to answer.
The case will reopen on Thursday, when
it is expected that Judges Sloss and
Dunne, Albert Scott, Alfred Roncovieri
and Abe Ruef will testify in favor' of
Knowlton.
Knowlton testified as to the length of
time he has been a teacher. Then he was
seized by a fit of whispers.
STORM ON COAST PASSES.
Belated Vessels Now Have Chance t>
Reach Port.
Captains of steamships now arriving
say the storm off the Oregon coast has
passed. Captain Hall of the collier Edith
and Captain Seaman of the Czarina both
say they had a most enjoyable trip from
the Sqund. On no occasion were the ves
sels in danger, and the seas on! Flattery
and the Columbia River were no more
heavy than usual. Captain Hall said:
I don't think there is any doubt that the
Matteawan and all hands are gone. One of her
boats, some of her fire buckets and the medi
cine chest were washed ashore. -I Investigated
the matter and know what I am talking about.
The ■wreckage was most assuredly from the
Matteawan and 1 think she went ashore and
did not go down. All colliers carry 200 tons
less in winter than they do In summer. This
doeB not seem very much to a landsman, but it
elves the vessel eight inches more freeboard
and every sailor knowa what that means.
Now the Matteawan was eight Inches more
out of the water when she struck the gale than
when she left the Sound last November. There
fore I think she was perfectly seaworthy. Some
thing must have happened to her steering gear
and the was driven ashore. Had she gone down
there would never have been anything hear<3
Irom her.
* Water Front Notes.
Trees for Christmas decorations are
coming in by -ie carload. All the for
ests of Marin County are suffering and
yesterday eighteen carloads of pine and
redwood came down and were brought
across the bay on the Sausalito. This ia
the first large shipment that has come
down since the holidays began.
William O'Brien, driver of a coal cart,
was injured at the corner of Main and
Mission streets yesterday. He. was en
deavoring to back his cart out of danger
when he lost his seat and fell to the
ground. One of the wagons dn the crush
drove over him and hia ankle was
crushed. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital. : '
Walter A. Scott, formerly with the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Company,
but latterly of the transport service, has
once more returned to shore life. Wal
ter Is now with Baker & Hamilton and
should prove a valuable assistant to that
concern. He Is known all along the front
and has a host of friends.
New steamers are being built . for the
Pollard Steamship Company and J. R
Hanify & Co. , •
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
' Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco- December 18, Los Angeles
December 19, reaching Mexico In time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco. J80: Los Angeles. $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining . car. Pullman
sleeper^.' Limit GO days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations €13 Market street, San Francisco,
2C1 South Soring street. Los Angeles.
Injured Miner Gets' Damages.
William Bone, a miner, who sued' the
Ophlr Silver Mining Company and the
Mexican Gold Mining " Company for\ $50,
000 damages for injuries received while
working in a mine r of the companies at
Virginia City, Nev., December 30, 1900, was
awarded J25.000 yesterday by a Jury in
Judge Hunt's court. The jury -was? out
only eighteen minutes. Bone lost his
sight and was severely injured otherwise
by the explosion of a dynamite ■' cart
ridge, which he struck with his pick. Ho
had not been notified that the cartridge
was Imbedded in the rock at' which- h«
was picking. , .
Roanoke . Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story.' " •■
FISH COMMISSION PATROL VESSEL
ALBATROSS LOSES FELINE MASCOT
CREW OF THE UNITED STATES FISH COMMISSIONER'S" STEAMSHIP ALBATROSS LEAVING THE VESSEL
WITH THE REMAINS OF "JERRY," THE MASCOT, FOR INTERMENT IN THE SAILORS' PLAT ON MA
RIN'S SHORE. A BRASS BAND ACCOMPANIED THE PROCESSION.
THE mascot of the Fish Commis
sioners'steamer Albatross is dead.
"Jerry" was known from one end
of the Alaskan coast to the other.
and many a choice piece of salmon
did ho eat in his day. For seventeen
years the cat was the favorite of the
crew, and when he died of old age Mon
day the men decided to bury him among
the Bailors of the fleet. ,
Yesterday the crew, to the number of
twenty-eight, received leave of absence,
and at once went ashore and secured a
brass band. Then they went back to the
ship and asked for the use of the long-.
boat. The body of "Jerry," suitably
draped and in a regulation shaped coffin,
was passed down, and : there was not a
"jack" in the boat who did not drop a
tear over the coffin.
When the shore was reached the crowd
disembarked and the cortege headed for
the cemetery. The band played the dead
march from "Saul," and when the sailor's
grave was reached the boatswain 1 pro
nounced a eulogy over the cat and the in
terment was over.
Of all the cats that ever served under
Uncle Sam's llag "Jerry" was perhaps the
most famous. Once his dismal catcalls
drew attention to the fact that the ship
was in danger. A hail to the lookout
showed that an iceberg was on the port
quarter. During a southeaster a sailor
fell overboard and the cat by Its frantic
actions drew the attention of the officer
on duty and a life buoy was thrown,
which proved the salvation of the jack
tar. ,
Whenever there was a festal occasion,
either ashore -or afloat, "Jerry" was al
ways there, and whether in the officers'
mess or in the sailors' quarters he was
equally at home. His death came as a
surprise, as Sunday last he was in good
health, but old age was telling on him.
Monday "Jerry" was taken sick, and in
spite of the skill of a veterinary he died.
Over his grave the Albatross men have
placed a tablet on which is inscribed:
JERRY,
Who is Reincarnated.
An Humble Friend and Wise Counselor,
Who Never Forsook a Friend Nor
Mistook an Enemy.
Requiescat in Pace.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
! - Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Ilala Js chartered for wheat
at Portland for Europe.
The- British shin Falklandbank is chartered
prior to arrival foa wheat at Portland for
Europe, 38s Od. .
The barkentlne James Tuft will load lum
ber ar Port Ludlow (or Cape Town; the bark
entine Addenda, lumber at Portland for Val
paraiso, for orders, 47s 6d. . ,
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Clan Buchanan was cleared
yesterday for Cork, for orders, with- 71,5-40 ctls
wheat, valued at $71,540, and 20,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at £300.
Exports to British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for' Victoria with merchandise for British Co
lumbian ports values at $9052. The principal
shipments were as follows: j
• C3« ffals wine, 1320 lbs raslns, 1630 lb«
coffee, 6203 lbs nuts, 1125 lbs dried fruit. 3531
lbH butter, 1425 lbs glucose, 375 lbs table meals,
81 pkK3 electrical fixtures, 640 pkgs fruit, 2tl
pkgs vceetables, 720 lbs leaf tobacco, 205 lbs
ham; 10 cs axle grease, 33 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 388 lbs cheese, 4 pkgs hardware;
100 pkgs paste, 2 bales rubber hose, 17 pkgs
paints and oils, 8 cs hats, 4 bales twine. 10 cs
drugSi 135 cs canned goods, . 12 pkgs ammuni
tion, 300 lbs chocolate, 70 cs whisky, 87 pkgs
wagon material, 2 pksrs machinery, 1 cs dry
goods, 1 cs rubber goods.
In addition to the. above the veessl carried
550 cs cannsd salmon for Buffalo. N. Y., val
ued at $2200, and GSO cs for Bloomington, 111.,
vnlued at ?2320. /
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, ' December 10.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 14 hours from
Fort Bragft; Vallejo direct.
Tuesday, December 17.'*
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, oa hours from Ta
corr.a. I ' " -
Stmr Edith. Hall, 08 hours from Seattle.
Stmr John 8 Kimball, Thwlng, 3 days from
Seattle. ■ ■ ■
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 20 hours from
Eureka.
Ship America, Harding, 8 days from Comox.
Br bark Inveramsay, Cromble, CO days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Free Trade. Masrnesen, 6 days from
Coos Coy; Oakland direct.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor. •■•
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 3^ days from
Coos Bay. • /
Schr Queen, Nielsen, 0' days from Grays
Harbor. • • ■ i
• Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevljj, 3 days from
Eureka. • '
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 6 days from
Grays Harbor: up river direct. t
CLEARED.
. Tuesday, December 17.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of. California, Thomas, San
Diego; Goodall, Perkins & Co. ,t
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. Ladysmith; R
Dunsmuir's Son3 Co.
Br shin Clan Buchanan, Rankine, Queene
town; L Kauffman. .
Bark Martha DavlB, McAlman, HIlo; "Welch
& Co. . . •
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu; Welch
& Co. - •
' Fr bark Edouard Detaillo, Lucas, Queens
town; G W McNear. .
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 17.
Stmr Walla V» f alia, Hall, Victoria and Puge't
Sound iK>rts. .
Stmr Mandalay, Reid. iCoqullle River. '
a Stmr Gualala, Genereaux. Bowens Landing:.
■ Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort BraKR. .
Stmr Grace Dollar,' Fosen, Grays Harbor.
• Stmr G1P3V, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmith.
Br bark Kllmeny, Jones, Queenstown. ■ -
Schr Laura ■ Pike, Johnson, Eureka. ' .
Schr Eva, Bjornstrom. Eureka..
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Coquille N River.
. . '.' , : MISCELLANEOUS.
Whalinr bark Andrew Hicks ' was sold at
auction to-day to Captain James H Bruce for
$3050. •-• ■ .- '■■■ ,
Br ship Glenerlcht, from Valparaiso for Port
Townsend, upon.whtch 30 per cent reinsurance
wan beinc paid, passed in at Neah Bay De
cember 17. ' <■'-'■ •
MEMORANDUM.
. Per Br. bark Inveramsay, from- Newcastle,
Aus, Dec 17 — Sailed Oct 12. Had light to fresh
breezes of variable winds to the Three Kings,
then had a more favorable run to lat 38 S, Ion
160 W; 1 then had', easterly winds ,for.a few
days; thence to Pitcairn Island had moderate
breezes of variable winds, where- we got SK
trades, which were very unsteady .'and. squally
till 10 S, after which they were , more steady
and carried them to 8 N 131 W. The equator
was crossed on Nov V2, in Ion 135 W. Entered
NE trades in 9 N, which -tfere fresh for four
days, then moderate till they were lost in 27
N, 135 30 W: thence to port had NE . to N
light, moderate baffliny winds, which took us
10 days to the Faralloncs, making the passage
in <iG days.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 17. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. PORT TO WKSEND— Passed In Dec 17— Br
stmr ClaverlnK, from Yokohama, for Seattle;
stmr Aztec, hence Dec Vi, for Tacoma.
■ SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Rainier,
hence Dec 13. • . , .
Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for
Valdsz. '■■ ■ ...
Sa'lcl Deo 17 — Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way;> at 2 p m, stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed Dec 17 — Br ship Dende
rath Captlq, for Queenstown.
Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Aztec, hence Dec 12;
Br stmr Claverlng, from Hongkong..
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr
Scotia, hence Dec 13.
' Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Scotia, for San Fran-
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 17— Bante Santa
Paula, hence Dec IS, and sailed for San Fran
cisco, in tow tUK Rescue. ■
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 17— Schr J B Leeds,
for San Francleco; bktn Amelia, for Honolulu.
Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr Wes»tr>brt, hence De
cember ll ! .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Samoa,
hence Dec 14; stmr W-H Kruger, from Tilla
mook; gchr Annie Larsen, from Tacoma.
Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco. ■ ■ • - •
NEAH BAY — Passed in Dec 17 — Stmr Santa
Ana, hence Dec 14, lor Seattle; Br ship Glen
ericht, from ValDaraiso, from eft San Fran-
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr 'Chico.
from Seattle: stmr Fulton, from Fort Bragg;
Br stmi Pembrokeshire, from Yokohama.
Sailed Dec 17— Fr bark Belen, for Queens
town.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr
San Mateo, for Nanalmo.'
COOS BAY — Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Dec 14. - ■
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 17 — Schr Car
rier Dove, for Callao.
' PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 17— Bark Tidal
Wave, for San .Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Dec 17— Br 'stmr
Strathgyle, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dee 17— .U S ■ stmr . Alert, from
cruli-.e; stmr Samoa, from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 17— Stnfr Rival,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec . 17— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Pedro ;.stmr Arctic, for
San Pedro.
PORTLAND — Sailed Dec 17 — Shb Riverside,
for Queenstown.
Arrived Dec 17— Bark Asie, from Hobart:
ship Falkenbank. from Santa Rosalia; stmr
Lakme. from Humboldt.
TILLAMOOK — Arrived Dec 16— Schr Ante
lope, hence Nov 6.
• ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Sailed Dec 6 — Bark Roderick Dhu,
for San Francisco. Nov 29r-Schr Esther
Buhne, for Puset Sound.
KIHEI — Arrived Dec 7— Bark Edward May,
from Oyster Harbor.
KAANAPALI — Sailed Dec 10 — Bark Dia
mond Head, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 0— Schr John G
North, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed Dec » — Stmr TamDloca, for Island
ports. '
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 20 — Br stmr Len
nox, hence Sept 7.
I "FLUSHING— Passed Dec 14— Br ship Talus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Dec 15— Br bark
Routenburn, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosa
lia. : -■ ' . ■
■ ADELAIDE — Sailed Dec 17 — Shis St Fran
eis, for Newcastle, Aus. '
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Dec 17— Ger stmr
benderah, for San Francisco. ,
HAIPHONG — Arrived Dec 15 — Schr John D
Tenant, from Port Gamble.
" LONDON — Sailed Dec 17 — Ger stmr Hermon
this, for San Francisco.' '••• ■ •
CALLAO— Sailed Dec 16— Nor bark Allsa.
for Etfreka. , ,
CARDIFF— Sailed Dec ' 17— Br ship Iiadakh,
for Esquimau. . • .
MOLLENDO — Sailed ', Dec 13 — Schr Wlnslow,
for Puget Sound. Dec 17 — Schr Kric. Tor Pu
get Bound. ■■ . . M -
TAKU— Sailed Dec 13— Schr Gamble, for
PU::et S ° Und bCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-^Sa!lcd Dec 17 — Stmr Georglc,
for Liverpool. ■ " ' .
PORTLAND. Me — Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr Ro
sa Man. from Glasffow. '.__,» „
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Sax
onia, from Boston.
LONDON— .Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Minneapo
lis; from New York. . . ■
PLYMOUTH — Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr, Patricia,
ifrorn Hftmburgr, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Kron
Prinz Wilhelm. from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New Yj>rk, for Liverpool.*.
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of ., High and Low
. Waters at Fort - Point, • entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of. the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur r.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER IS. 1
Sun rises '.:. ........7:20
Sun sets 4:63
Moon sets (first quarter) ■■■:. 0:00 a. m.
4)' Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. ~ — Ft. Ft. Ft.
Q H W L,W H W L. W .
18~ 6:00 0.3 11:11 2.0 5:08 4.0 10:52 ' 1.4
19 5:41 5.5 12:14 1.3 6:30 '.3.9 11:49 1.8
20 6:28 5.8 1:18 0.0 7:53 4.0
L, W • H W L W H W '■:' -.
21 0:44 2.1 T:10 CO 2:14—0.1 »:O7 4.1
22 1:40 2.4 .8:02 0.3 :{:07 — 0.7 10:10 4.5
23 2:35 2.0,8:50 B.C 4:00—1.111:02 4.7
2i 3:28 2.7 0:40 6.7 4:40— 1.4 11:50 4.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides' of .the
day in. the order of occurrence as to time;: the
fourth time column gives the : last tide of- the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. "The plane of reference Is the mean of
the, lower -low. waters./- ■• •
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Strathgyle... Hongkong v. San'*Dlego|Dec." 18
.Uinatllla.". ... Puget •■ Sound Ports... .. Dec* 18
Czarina..-.'.. Seattle fk . Tacoma Dec. 18
Sequoia..'..'.'. Grays Harbor .'......".. Dec. 18
Eureka .....'. Humboldt • . ............ Dec. IS
Titanta....."., Nanaimo ..;... ......V. . Dec. IS
Tellus. ....*:. Oyster 'Harbor ......... Dec. 18
Son Juan.'... Panama &.' Way . Porte.. Dec. IS
Arcata.'. .'-■"... Coqs Bay & r Pt. Orford. i)ec.' 19
Hyades. . . .". . Seattle ■,.'.:.". -. . . Dec. 1!>
Rival...:'.... WUlapa ■ Harbor ...:..-. Dec. 19
Santa Rosa.." San Diego & Way. Pts. Dec. 10
.Corona::::;'. Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 10
Point Arena.: Points Arena' '...... Dec in
t Empire .v:r. ." Coos Bay '.:;.... Dec. 10
Washtenaw.: Tacoma :......... Dec 19
Tucapel...... Valparaiso & "Way PortH Dec 10
Aztec Tacoma ...Dec. 20
Progreso Seattle Dec. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 21
Asuncion Tacoma Dec. 21
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Dec. 21
\V. Kruger... San Pedro Dec. 21
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 21
Chas. Nelson. Seattle Dec. 21
State of Cai.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 22
City ot Puebl l-"ug«?t Sound Ports Dec. 23
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 23
Ahiance..... Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec 23
S-tntaAna... Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 25
Hetnier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Nicaria Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec 25
Herodot Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 2tt
North Fork. . Humboldt Dec. 26
Curacao..... Mexican Ports Dec. 27'
Australia.... Tahiti Dec. 27
Amer. Mam.. China & Japan <..|Dec-27
TO SAIL.
' Steamer. Destination. Sails. Piei.
December 18. |
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor. ...... 6 pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt | 4 pm Pier 28
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier V
State of Cal San Diego & .Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
December 10. -
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Petu China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 20. | .■ •
Empire.... Coos Bay...; 9 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 13
Nortli Fork Humboldt . A 9 am Pier 2
December 21.
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma... 5 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way .... 9 am Pier 1 1
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier '£
■ December 22.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Rival WUlapa Harbor ..... 3 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 23.
Leelanaw.. n. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24
December 2G.
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 10am Pier' 7
< i December 27.
City Puebla Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
. December. 2S.
Alliance-.... Portland & Way Pts ...... Pier 10
San Juan.. I Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic... IChlna & Japan...:.. 1 pm PMSS
. FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 18
City of Topek Skagrway & Way Ports. Dec. 21
Dirlgo 'jSkarway & Way Ports. Dec 22
Excelsior Cooks Inl»t * Way Pts.lDac 28
Cottage City. • Skaguay & Way Ports. (Dec 31
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cat.,
December 17. 1901. --^.j ..•
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to--fay.
I.e., at noon of the;I20th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
| Lieutenant TJ. S. Navy. In Charge.
AJ VEBTISEMENTS.
* will satisfy a hungry-
wants. Send postal fe
for a free sample, gl
MELON'S FOOD COMPANY, -"
BOSTON, MASS. _
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING
S~gSV5»ffi'^ l *ir^ Every Week Day— -
yar Rain or Shine. . '
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
' Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. -
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:80, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved -for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking-. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All ' trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue ears at Four-
teenth ; and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars eo direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES AN^ZOO 1 27 E *KST
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT-^THE AMATEURS
IN AN ALL-STAR SHOW.
SATURDAY NIGHT— CAKE-WALK.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
;" SATURDAY, DEC. 2!, 3 P. M.
togelus -^ Recital
ADMISSION FREE, but to Prevent Over- ;
crowding of i ths Hall Tickets Should Be Pro-'
cured at Sherman, ' Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
Kearny and Sutter Streets. .
MATINEE TO-DAY. Wednesday. Dec. 18.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE AT HIGH TIDE!
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Mr. and
Mrs. "Walter E. Deaves' Merry
Manikins, Rose and Jeannettc,
Norwood Brothers, Sherrie Mat-
" thews, Nonna "Whalley, Sam Mar-
ion and William McCart, Flo Irwin *
and Walter Hawley, Dumond's
Parisian Minstrels, The Biograpli.
NEXT WEEK— THE GREAT
OREHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Special Matinee Thursday. Dec. 2C*
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATTNEB SAT.
EVERY NIGHT (INCLtTDINO StTNpAY).
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian.
JEFFERSON DE AN6ELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty.
A Royal Rogue.
By Chas. Klein and Wm. T. FranctJ.
TWO WEEKS. BEGINNING
NEXT MONDAY. December 23.
mary mannering
janice Meredith.
SEATS GO ON SALE TO-MORROW.
Prices— $1 60. <1. 75c. 50c. 25a,
Evenings at S Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
AN OVATION ACCORDED TO THE
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY
In Ferris Hartman's Merry Ertravasaoza,
Little Red
Riding Hood
"It's Funny — It's Smjirt — It's Pretty."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 1Z<i.
. Telephone Bush 9. ■
i _ ■ a
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale
RIP VAN WINKLE.
Assisted by a Carefully Selected .Company.
— —NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION
Matinees Christmas Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Woek.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress.
In Vlctorlen Sardou's Powerful Flay,
"OIFLOMAGIT,"
The Biggest Hit of Last Season at Charles
Frohman's Empire Theater. New York. ■
POPULAR PRICES — 10c, 15c. 25c 50e» 75c
Good Orchestra. Seat All Matinees 23c
Next Week— MINNIE SELIGMAN to "CAR- .
MEN." . - ' : ■
TO-NIGHT — ALL ,TTTT3 WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
HERE'S WHERE YOU LAUGH.
The Funniest Farce on Earth,
MULDOON'S
PICNIC,
Songs Medleys, Dances,: Eccentric Acts and
All Kinds of Wholesome Amusement.
DDIfTC Evenings 10c to 60c
rKiWtj Matinees 10c. lie. 23o
Next Week— "SILVER KLNO." /
in^T H SAT RE r \r
Belasco £ Thai!. Managers.
A WINNER ALLi THIS WEEK.
The Sparkling Farce-Comedy,;' /
"THE GAY MR.
LIGHTFOOT."
First Time in This City.
Seats on sale six flays In advance
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 15c. 25c. SSc. 30c and 75c.
NEXT — Christmas Week, Don't Do Axytaln*
Till YOU See
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."
j :' '
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
EVERT THURSDAY. SATURDAY AMI) SUN-
DAY.
MORE BXCITINO THAN BXTLL FiairrniO.
THE GREATEST GAME OB" THE AaH. '
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c
FISCHPR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN: G. 9. "ViTanmll'
Mullaly Sisters; Paloma Quartette; Stanley
and Walton: Deminx and Carroll: Ivim Tre-
poka, and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserreii Seats
25c. Matinee Sunday. ■;
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Oo one sldo of thes» magnlflceni
.betels -Is the wholesale and rasinu-
. facturers' district— on the other re-
tall , stores, duba, railroad . and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts o£
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tiio entrance.
American and European pl&os.
Weekly Call. $1 Der Year
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Sterling Exchange a fraction higher.
Wheat futures advanced. Shipping grades unchanged.
Barley and Rye quiet. Corn dull and easy. .
Oats very firm, with a brisk demand jor red.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay steady. .
Beans and Seeds inactive and unchanged.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady.
Butter and Eggs firni and selling well. Cheese unchanged.
Raisins, Prunes and Dried Fruits very firm and active.
Provisions moving fairly at steady prices.
Wool in good demand. Heps selling fairly.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb advanced again. Hogs very firm.
Turkeys weak. Other Poultry higher. Game steady.
No more Berries coming in.
Citrus Fruits as previously quoted.
Local stocks and bonds featureless.
Lard Oil marked up.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York say:
"£&isi*ta continue very unsettled, crices for
loose Muscatels and seeded still being' with
held by the Eeeding combine on the coast. The
new Quotations are exaected any hour, how
ever, end pending their announcement the
cpot market is very quiet, dealers all asking
high prices. The raisin situation on the coast
is etill gaining etrength steadily, and the opin
ion now appears generally held that the
"High Five" packers have virtual possession
of the 6tocks of all sorts of raisins in Califor
nia. This belief and the expectation of a coast
jjrice of around 7®7%c for fancy seeded has
led to a very strong teeling among local hold
ers, and it was difficult to buy any quantity
of loose or seaded yesterday in any quarter of
the market. Bids of 5%c for 3-crown loose
were made to a number of dealers and de
clined. A Email lot sold at 5%c, but at the
close most holders were very firm at 6c. Coast
6«eded are hard to quote, but nominally are
from 7?i@Sc.
• •Purchases of all the remaining stocks of
Sultanas and seedless Muscatel raisins on the
< oast by Association packers have resulted In
\erv much higher prices for both varieties,
both in California and on the epot. Unbleached
Sultanas have advanced from 5c to 5%c. f. o.
I)., coast, while the local market is now firm
at a rise to 0%c. A number of offers of
i^j.5«4cT coast, for Sultanas in car lots were
turned down yesterday, but one car was re
portel confirmed by an outside packer at 5%c.
Tfce total quantity of Sultanas included In the
coast deal is stated to be anywhere from 30
to 60 cars. The seedless Muscatels, according
to reecrts. were about 200 tons. Seedless are
not in very large supply here. The market is
tiacidedly higher, but hard to quote.
"Currants continue very strong on spot. The
Greek market Is still advancing, due, it is re
ported, to good buying by England and the
Continent. Sales for prompt 6hipment from
Greece per Manin have been made in this
market at 16s 3d. and one report says as high
as 16s 6d has already been paid. Amelias to
r.rrive in three or four days are offered at
fcvtc whlle soods idue about Christmas per
direct steamer are' selling In a fair way at
•'Date* are higher. Prunes are firm on the
cr,ast for lanre size Santa Claras at 3%c A
verv few 40-50s can still be bought at %c
less. The four sizes are held from a 3%@3%c
basis. Outside nrunes are at a 3c basis and
Oregcns mostly at a 2c price."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAfiie. section
director of the climate and crop service of the
■\Veather Bureau, says:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Abnormally low temperatures have prevailed
throughout the State during the week, with
tenerally clear weather. Minimum tempera
tures cf 20, 22 and up to 30 and 32 degrees
are reported in the interior and portions of
Southern California. Killing frosts have oc
curred In all sections. Light showers have
fallen In the south.
Northerly winds and sunshine have dried out
the soil in those northern counties where the
late rains were heavy, enabling farmers to re- :
tame work in the fields. Plowing and seeding
continue in most sections, but rain is needed
In the southern districts before the work can
toe finished The growth of grain has been
somewhat retarded by cool weather, but no
damage has been done by frost, and prospects
ere good for an increased acreage and large
crops. Green feed Is plentiful and has not
L^en seriously damaged by frost.
Ample warnings were given the Trait-grow
ers, and in orchards where fire baskets and
rmudging were resorted to there was probably
but little damage to citrus fruits. Toung
orange and lemon trees were Injured In some
sections, and tender vines and plants killed.
The cold weather has been beneficial to decidu
ous trees and vineyards. Pruning is pro
gressing.
Bacramento Valley. — Cool weather has pre
vailed during the week, and killing frosts have
occurred in all sections. No rain has fallen.
Northerly winds and sunshine have dried out
the ground In places where the late rainfall
■was heavy, and farmers have resumed plow-
Ing and seeding. Grain is in excellent condi
tion, and is too far advanced to be damaged
by frost. Green feed is still abundant and
etock are in good condition. Tender vegetables
tvfre damaged by frost in some places. The
cool weather has been beneficial In checking:
T-remature budding of fruit trees, and orchards
and vineyards are In good condition. The
rainfall at this date is eomewhat less than
the average, and more rain is needed soon in
some sections.
Coast and Bay Sections. — Unusually cold
weather has prevailed during the week, and
killing frosts nave been frequent in nearly all
sections. Minimum temperatures are reported
as follows: Healdsburg, 28 degrees; Hollister,
22 degrees; Peachland. 26 degrees; Upper Lake,
26 degrees. Garden vegetables were killed In
eorne place?, and In the vicinity of San Luis
Obispo nranfres and lemons in exposed places
■were damaged. Grain and green feed were
not Injured and are in good condition. Plow
ing and seeding are progressing, but more
rain is needed in the southern counties before
this work can be completed. The cold weather
has been beneficial to orchards and vineyards.
Tre» and vine pruning are In progress.
San Joaquin Valley. — The weathrr during the
tveek has been generally clear and cold, and
eoveral killing frosts have occurred in all
ecctions. At Bakerpflefld on the 11th there was
b. trace of rain, followed by a light fall of hall
and snow. The minimum temperature for four
days at Visalia was 22 degrees, and many
places through the valley report minimum
temperatures of from 24 to 30 degrees. Ample
warnings had been given, and citrus fruits and
young orange trees were not seriously injured
In orchards where smudging was reported to.
Grain and feed continue In good condition an-1
rave not been damaged by frost, although
prowth has been somewhat retarded. In 6ome
ft the southern districts the rainfall has been
insufficient, and plowing and seeding are pro
pressing slowly, but in other sections this
work is being done as rapidly as possible.
C'rchardists and vlneyardlsts are pruning.
Southern California.— Clear, cold weather has
prevailed during the werk. and killing frosts
have occurred in many places. Temperatures
e* low as 20 degrees are reported In some
ructions. Oranges have undoubtedly been
damaged, but to what extent is not yet known.
.Ample warnings were given and emudglng and
Tire baskets did excellent sen-ice. The orange
<rop is reported as ripening rapidly and pick-
Ing and shipping are in progress. Young citrus
tree* and tender vines and vegetables were in
jured by the frost. I/.«?ht rain fell In some sec
tion* on the 11th. Grain and feed are In good
condition, but need rain. Plowing and seeding
Ere progressing elowly. owing to lack of rain
Eureka Summary. — Cold weather somewhat
retarded the growth of grans and grain If it
<*<»>* not rain plowing will be resumed this
v**k. There have been no reports of material
<Jamage by frost.
Los Angeles Summary. — CoM, dry week
heavy to killing frort in the latter part'
vegetable crops were badly Injured or killed'
Som« oranges on low ground damaged also
lemons: It Ik thought citrus fruits escaped se
rious iniury. Ample warnings were plven*
fmudsrlnr Reneral. Frost was favorable for
«WiduouR trees, which were blooming nrc
raaturely. %
Weather Report.
O2Pth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 17. 5 p. m.
Th» following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<ate a-3 compared with those of same date last
reason, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
• Last Thl« La?t
Stations — 24 hours, ceas-m. eeaaon
Kurekfl O.OO 1B.01 lR.ro
r*ed Bluff O.OO ».«« ' R..M5
Sai-ramento 0.00 !5.ft8 7 M
Pan Francl«eo 0.00 fi.RO 7 09
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.42
Ind'nenden'v" 0.00 1.34 2.31
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 -4.5« 10.20
Tyo«= .Ar.jreles O.OO 3.4B «.7f»
Fan Difgo 0.00 0.77. - 1.73
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum, 44; mean, 51.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 20-10 Omaha 14 to — 2
Cincinnati 14-10 Duluth 6 to —6
Washington 24-10 Salt Lake City... 34-20
Jacksonville 40-28 Chicago 8- 4
Kansas City 24-22 St. Louis 20-16
New Tork 24-20 Philadelphia 26-20
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION. 3 pjp| || I* I .
Astoria 30.40 40 38 NE Cloudy 0.00
Baker 30.60 30 14 NW Cloudy 0.00
£a«son 30.48 54 16 NE Clear O.CO
tureka 30.34 50 40 NW Clear 0.00
*resno 30.28 56 30 W Clear 0.00
Flagstaff 30.40 54 20 E Clear 0.00
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 40 34 20 SE Cloudy 0.00
Independence..S0.26 68 32 S Clear- 0.00
Los Angeles.. .30. 12 &2 40 "W Clear 0.00
Phoenix 30.18 68 30 W Clear 0.00
Portland 30.44 36 32 W Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 30. 2S BS 32 NE Clear 0.00
Rosebuig..*. ...30.40 34 30 NE Foggy 0.00
Sacramento... 30. 30 52 32 N Clear 0.00
Salt Lake 30.50 34 20 W Clear 0.00
San Francisco.30.26 OS 44 N Clear 0.00
S. L. Obispo... 30. 20 76 32 N Clear 0.00
San Diego 30.10 72 4« NW Clear 0.00
Seattle 30.40 36 32 SE Cloudy 0.00
Spokane 30.36 28 26 SW Cloudy T.
NeahBay 50.32 42 38 NE Rain 0.06
Walla Walla. .30.38 28 24 S Cloudy 0.00
Wlnnemucca. .30.46 44 12 S Pt.Cldy 0.00
Yuma 30.14 74 32 N Clear 0.00
7 a. m. temperature, 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The r-ressure has fallen slowly along the
coast of California and rapidly over Northern
Washington and Idaho. There are several In
dications of the approach of a disturbance,
now supposed to be 300 miles out at sea.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
in Southern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 18, 1901:
Northern California^ — Fair Wednesday, cloudy
at nlirht: fresh northeast winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday: light
easterly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy; warmer Wednesday: light
southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day, becoming cloudy at nlpht; fresh easterly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The undertone of the
stock market was decidedly firmer to-day,
'growing in strength as the day progressed, and
the closing was fairly strong, with notable net
gains In a number of prominent stocks. The
speculation was almost entirely professional
and was repressed in its nature with a disposi
tion to caution about encroaching on the lim
ited money supply. Amalgamated Copper
maintained its dominant Influence on the mar
ket, and its Incessant fluctuations bad some
sympathetic influence, but the Influence was
more marked on the upward range of prices
and the gains established in the general mar
ket were yielded stubbornly when Amalga
mated Copper reacted. That stock touched 60 %
soon after the opening, a decline from yes
terday's closing and record low level of 1%.
The raw copper market in London was report
ed weak and shares of copper companies eveiy
where were depressed. Some violent declines
were reported from the best on Stock Ex
change. Opinion as to the next dividend con
tinued pessimistic, most favorable forecast of
Thursday's action naming a 1 per cent divi
dend. The recovery in the stock was appar
ently based on the rally in the raw copper mar
ket In London. This rally extended further in
futures, which were also more largely dealt
In than in spot, thus Increasing the premium
on futures deliveries of copper, which devel
oped yesterday for the first time in almost
three months. Amalgamated touched 64%, and
after numerous fluctuations below that point
closed at 63%. a net gain of 1%. The money
market was very quiet, .reflecting the cautious
tone of the speculation. Call loans ruled at 6
per cent untii late In the day, when the placing
of a residue carried the rate lower. Sterling
exchange was called strong, but foreign bank
ers express the opinion that there is no likeli
hood of further gold going out before January
1. The transcontinental stocks were prominent
for strength, and apparently thrived on the
passage of the isthmian canal treaty. The ar
gument for a permanent injunction in a suit
to restrain the retirement of Northern Pacific
preferred had no effect on them, and they rose
in the face of somewhat alarming reports of
rate-cutting among Western railroads Included
In the "community of interest," which were
apparently intended for other than Wall-street
consumption. Cuts In the price of petroleum,
sugar.lead and linseed oil had a depressing ef
fect on securities of companies in those trades.
The Pressed Steel Car stocks were heavy on
reports of an opposition company to be or
ganized. A very active demand for tie South
ern Railway stocks developed late -n Jie day
and helped to make the close strong. A re
covery of 4 points in Rubber Goods preferred
and a further rise of 3 points In Long Island
were features.
The bond market was moderately actlve'anJ
irregular. Total sales (par value), $2,630,000.
United States coupon threes advanced % and
the refunding twos % per cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — • Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18,200^ 77% ,76% 77%
Atchison prefd 4,600 99% 98% 99
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,000 101% 101 101%
Bait & O prefd... .. 35
Canadian Pacific. . v 2,400 112% 112% 112%
Canada So / SO0 86 85% 85%
. Ches & Ohio 800 45% 46% 45%
Chi & Alton 100 33% 33% 34
Chi & Alton prefd 100 77% 77% ' 77%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 600 47% 47 47^
Chi Ind & L prefd ... 73%
Chi & East 111.. .. 134%
Chi & O W 2.300 24% 23% 24%
Chi & G W A prefd 600 87 86 ; 87
Chi & G W B prefd 1,700 47% 45% 46%
Chi & NW 500 201 199% 201
Chi R I & P. 1.800 150% 149% 150%
Chi T & T 2.300 15* 15% 15%
Chi T & T prefd... 2,300 29% 29% 29
C C C & St L ii ;. 07
Colo So 200 13% 13% 13%
Colo So 1st prefd.. ........ ..• 66
Colo So 2d prefd .. 25%
Del & Hudson 800 172 171 172%
Del L & W 200 246 246 245
D&RG 200 42% .42% 42%
D & R G prefd 200 93%. 93% 93
Erie {.... J5.300 39% 38% 39%
Erie let prefd?.... l.»00 71% 70 71
Erie 2d prefd 300 CO 65% 5o%
Gt Northern prefd. 400 182% 182% 1S2
Hocking Valley ... 800 03% 62% 62%
Hock Val prefd 200 81% 81% 81
111 Central. 200 137% 137 137%
Iowa Central ..... ..... .. :. 36
Iowa Cent prefd .. .. 70%
L E & West 200 07 6C% «6%
L E & W prefd ..' '..- 125'
Louis & Nash 11,000 106% 104% 106
Manhattan L ..... 22,800 135% 133% 134%
MetStJly 1,000. J61 159% 160%
Mex Central ...... 1.100 .22% 22% 22%
Mex National ..... 400 13% 13% 13%
Minn & «t L :.... 100%
Mo Pacific 8,900 103% 102% 103%
Mo Kans & Tex... ..... .. .. 25
M K & T prefd.... 100 60% 50% 50
N J Central .. ..... .. , .. 181
N Y Central 9.700 165% 164 165%
Nor & West : 2,000 55% 54% 65
Nor &. West prefd. .. .. V1V.
Nor Pacific prefd.. 300 99% 99% 90%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 18, 1901.
Ontario & West... 2,700 33% 32% > 33«
H« n f vlVanla «.100 147^ 140&.l,i£
*^ adln «? 108,eOO 47% 47 47%
R t ea I d 2d c prefd 4,100 67% 5ti% 57%
| L &SFlstprefd 2.600 72% 71 Vi SO
it L L & sw p .^.^ ;:::• •• : •• • g»
St L s\V prefd $00 6S?i 6S% 67
It Paul Pr ;f d ::::: «-«° 1U1 * »« \§i
ps Wfl c c - P f d : 4 » fsss »i M
\\ abash 7.yoo 22% I>2{i 22%
« heel & Lake Erie is
w & l e 2d P fd .::: :; »l
JVlsconsln Central. 400 20% 20^ 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 40% 40% 40U
Express Comi>anles—
A dams ..... 190
American 105
United States ." »9
Wells Fargo ....'.... ISO
Miscellaneoua—
Amalg- Copper 132,300 64% 60% C3%
Am Car & Fdry... 1,100 29% 29% 29%
Am Car &F pfd.. 200 85$ 86 85$
Am Linseed Oil 100 17% 17% 17
Am Linseed OU pfd .... Je
Am Smelt & Kef.. 2,700 44 42% 43%
Am Smtl & R pfd.. 1.600 97 95% «6%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 6,000 30% 28% 30%
Brooklyn Rao Tran 7,100 63% 02% 62%
Colo Fuel &'Iron.. 1,000 87% 86% 87
Consolidated Gas.. 500 215% 214% 215%
Cont Tcbacco pfd 114%
General Electric... 100 281 281 280
Glucose Sugar '. 39
Hocking Coal. 1 200 15% 15% 15
International Paper 200 20% 20 20
Inter Paper pfd 800 75% 75% 75%
Internatl Power.... 100 8S% 88% 88%.
Laclede Ga« .... 92%
National Biscuit... - 43Vi
National Lead." 200 17 16% 16%
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd 61
North American 92%
Pacific Coast ~. 73
Pacific Mail 900 44 43%- 44?4
People's Gas 2,700 '99% 98% 90
Pressed Steel Car.. 2,500 38% 37% 37%
Pressed Steel C pfd 3,200 80% 79 79%
Pullman Pal Car..* 210
Republic Steel 300 15% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 67 66% 66
Sugar 9,200 120?i 119% 120%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,500 61% 60% 61 V4
Union Bag & P Co. S00 14% 14 14%
Union B & P Co pf 73
U S Leather 700 11% 11U' 11%
U S Leather pfd... 200 SOVi 80Vi SO
U S Rubber 300 14 14 13%
IT S Rubber pfd 100 491& 40% 50
U S Steel 2G.000 41% 40% 41%
U S Steel pfd 9,100 01% 90% 91%
Western Union 000 91% 91 91
Am Locomotive.... 1,500 30% SOU 30%
Am Locom pfd 1.000 87% 87% 87%
Total sales 531.300
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S refdg 2s reg. .108' 91! L & N unl 4s. . . .103
. U S refdg 2s coup.l09%< Mexican Cent 4s. 82%
U S 3s reg 10?l'< Mex Cent 1st inc. 29%
U S 3s coup 1CS1< Minn & St L 4s.. 103*4
U S new 4s reg. -.139% M K & T 4s 9<T%
U S new 4s coup.l39<K, M K & T 2nds.. 81%
U S old 4s reg.... 111% N Y Central lsts.100%
U 8 old 4s coup. .112% NYC gen 3V.S...110
U S 5s reg 107V4 N J Cent gen" 5s. .131%
U S 5s coup 107»4 Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison. gen 4s.. 103 Nor Pacific 3s 72V4
Atchison adj 4s.. 93% N & W con 4s 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 98%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 97 St L&I M con 5s. 117
B & O conv 4s. . .104 St L & S F 4s 97%
Canada So 2nds..lO8 St L S W lsts 90%
Central of Ga 5s. 105% St L S W 2nds... 79
Cent of Ga 1st lnc 75 S A & A P 4s 89y.
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6V4 South Pacific 4s.. 92 "
Chic & Alton 3%s 88 Southern Ry 5s..l22^
C B & Q new 4s. 98 Texas & Pac lsts. 119
C M & StP gn 4s. Ill T St L & W 4s. . . 82
C & N W con 7s. 138% Union Pacific 4s. 105%
: C R I & P 4s 106 Union Pac cnv 4s.lO5%
■ C C C&StLgen 4s.lO1 Wabash lsts 117V.
Chicago Ter 4s.. 89 Wabash 2nds.....il3%
Colo So 4s 89% Wabash deb B... 05
Denver i-RG 4s.lO3V4 West Shore 4s... 113%
Erie prior lien 4s.lOOi4 W & L Erie 4s... 91
Erie gen 4s SOUIWis Central 4s.,. 90 >£
F W & D C lsts. 10«4 Con Tob 4s 63^
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%l
is'EW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con $ 20 Little Chief • 12
Alice 4." Ontario 8 50
Breece 75 Ophir 68
Brunswick Con... 16 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel. Oti Potosi : 01
Con Cal & Va 1 65 Savage 01
Dead wood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada... 15
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 45
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghouse com 73
Call loans 4%®5 Mining—
Time loans.... 4%®6 Adventure 17%
Bonds — Allouez 3%
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ... 63%
Gas lsts SO Baltic 33%
Mexican Cent 4s. 80 Bingham 24^4
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Calumet & Hecla.600
Railroads — Centennial 12
Atchison 77% Copper Range '46%
Atchison pfd 99 Dominion Coal... 97%
Boston & Maine. 189 Franklin 12Ms
Boston Elevated.. 1S7 Isle Royale 19
NY, NH&H..2I0 Mohawk ....29%
Fltchburg pfd.... 144 Old Dominion.... 21
Union Pacific 10u% Osceola 80%
Mexican Central. 22 Parrot 28%
Miscellaneous — Qulncy, 135
American • Sugar. .120% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Am Tel & Tel 161 Tamarack 235
Dominion Iron&S. 25 rrlmountaln ..... 29
General Electric . . 280 rrinlty 13 %
Mass Electric 32 United States 13%
N E Gas & Coke. 6 Utah V 18%
United Fruit 90% Victoria 4%
U S Steel 41 V4 Wlnona IV,
U S Steel pfd.... 91% Wolverine 48
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17. — The Commercial Ad-,
vrrtiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market "was slacker after yesterday's
spurt, but the public is still nibbling about
South African mining stocks.
American stocks were dull and idle until the
afternoon, when there was a smart rally with
some desultory bidding for Union Pacific,
Southern Pacific, Atchison and Louisville &
Nashville In response to better prices in New
York, accompanied by a report of a , rally in
Amalgamated Copper. The clo*e was cheerful.
Rio Tintos touched 39% and closed at 41% on
a rally in copper. The fortnightly statistics
phow an increase In stocks of 172 tons and In
rvrplics of 322 tons.
Gold to the amount of £225,000 has arrived
from Australia, consigned to Paris.
CLOSING. : : v "
LONDON. Dec. 17. — Anaconda, 6; Atchison,
78%; Atchison prefd, 101%; Canadian Pacific,
115%; D. & R. G.. 43%; D. & R. G. prefd.
91%; Southern Pacific, 59%; Northern Pacific
prefd, 102; Union Pacific, 191%; Union Pacific
prefd, 90%. Bar silver, steady; 25%d -per
ounce. Money, 3%@5 per -cent.
New York Money Market.
-NEW YORK,' Dec. 17. — Money ' on call ' was
steady at 4@0 per cent; closing bid and asked,
3%@4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5@5%
per cent; sterling exchange was strong, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86% for
demand and $4 83% for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 84@4 87%; commercial bills, $4 82Vs@
4 S3; bar silver. 55V4c; Mexican dollars, 43%c;
bonds — Governments, irregular; States, inact
ive; railroads, Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
Washington, Dec. 17.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows : Avail
able cash balance, $170,245,023; gold, $115,°
260,508. ' - ■
New York Grain and Produce:
* ■ ■ k
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— Flour— Receipts, 26.
455 barrels; exports, 11,500 barrels; dull and
featureless; winter straights, $3 45*3-3 60; Min
nesota, patents, $3 80® 4 10. '
" Wheat— Receipts, 11,400 bushels; spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 86%c f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 2 red, 833ic
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 85%c f. o. b.,'
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 92%c f. o. b.. afloat.
Options were generally firm all day, - but ■ quite
featureless as to trade. Adverse crop reports
from Kansas caught the crowd short and pro
moted covering.; Small Northwest 1 , receipts and
foreign buying also had an Influence. Closed
firm at %@3ic net advance. March, 85%©
85%c, ■ closed 85%c: May. 84%@85c, closed
84%c; July. 84@84%c, closed 84 %c; .December,
82 l.'S-16@83%c. closed 83%c.
Coffee — Spot Rio, steady; No. 1. Invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. . '. ' .
Coffee futures closed steady in tone and net
unchanged to 5 points lower. ,. Total sales, 30,
250 bags. Including: January, 6.70@6.80c;
March, 6.90@7.00c; May. 7.10@7. 15c; June,
7.15c; July, 7.30®7.35c; August, , 7.45c; . Sep
tember, 7.45@7.55c.-!"r " ' .
'Sugar — Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3 0-32c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 1-32C. Refined was unsettled. • -..
Butter— Receipts, 6500 packages; firm. State
dairy, "15@22%c; creamery, 16@24%c; Junei
creamery, 15@21%c; factory, 13@15%c. . _^' -v
I , Eggs — Receipts, 6700 packages ; firm. West
ern, at mark, 22@28c. ,
DRIED FRUITS.
. Evaporated apples were steady. State, com
mon to good. 6@8%c; prime, 0@9%c; choice,
9y J @O%c; fancy, lollO^c. .
Calirornla dried fruits were dull. "■ Prunes,
S9i@7c. . . :
Apricots — Royal. 10@14<i; Moorpark, 9%6>
13C. ■ , ._«. . ■ ■ ; ,
•Peaches — Peeled, : 12@y>c; unpeeled,t7@10%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
, CHICAGO. Dec. 17.— Early conditions In the
wheat pit were bearish, the cable list was
lower, outside, markets weak and there was
still a marked influence from yesterday's vls
lblt Increase report. Local and Northwestern
receipts were small and there was a fear that
.the cbld weather \ and continued scarcity of
cars would work against the movement, but
there was little" influence from this factor at
the opening. On these influences and, a very
dull show for business May opened %®V4c to
a shade lower at 7l)@79%c. There was lit
tle to be had at this dip, however, and on
a smull outside ■* demand and some short cov
ering prices gradually advanced.' On a report
that the - Kansas crop would be damaged by
the cold weather unprotected by snow, there"
was a good show of late activity. St. Louts
began to buy and May sold up to SO©SO%c,
closing firm, %c up, at 79%®S0c.
Corn was dull and narrow early. When
wheat began to develop corn also had quite a
bull market. May com closed %o up at 67%
©«7%c.
Oats reflected the tone of the other markets.
May closed firm, Vic up, at 45%@45%c.
Provisions were quiet, though rairly firm on
better prices for hogs. May pork closed un
changed; lard and ribs 2%o higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 75% 76 ■ 75% 76
May .' 79% 80% 79 80
July •... 7oy 4 80% 79% so
Corn No. 2— .
December 63% 64^4 63% 64
May 66% 67% 66V4 67%
July 60% 07% 06% 66%
Oats No. 2 —
December 44% 44% -44 44%
May, 44% 45% 44% . 45ii
July ........... ,38% 39 38% 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 16 35
May ....16 80 10 02% 16 SO 16 80%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 9 82% 0 95 9 82% 9 87%
May 0 87% .9 95 9 87% 9 00
) Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 8 42% S 45 8 42% 8 42%
May 8 00 8 67% 8 60 8 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy: No. 3 spring wheat, 72%@76c; No. 2 red,
80%@82c;No. 2 yellow corn, 60%c; No. 2 oats,
46%c; No. 2 white, 38@38V4c; No. 3 white, 47©
48%c: No. 2 rye, 64»4c; fair to choice malting
barley 58@61c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 50@l 51; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 52%; prime timothy seed,
$6 40@6 50; mess pork, per bbl.. $15 40@15 50;
lard, per 100 lbs.. $9 S7%@9 00; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 40@8 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 7%©7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 80@8 90; whisky, basis high wines, $1 32;
clover, contract grade, $9 30.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 55,000 43,000
Wheat, bushels 69,000 48,000
Corn, bushels 94.000 75.000
Oats, bushels .244,000 295.000
Rye, bushels 24,000 3.000
Barley, bushels 113,000 23,000
On the Produce Exchange the butter market
was steady: creams. 21@24c; dairies, 14©20c;
cheese firmer, 9}i@10%c; eggs, strong,' fresh
28%c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 1g 6 2J4
Clcslne • 6 1% C25i
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 22 10 22 05
Closing 22 20 23 00
Flour —
Opening ..27 65 29 00
Closing 27 85 29 05
Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, .Dec. 17. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes In available sup
plies from the last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increased 3.420,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decreased 1,500,000 bushels;
total supply Increased 1,026,000 bushels.
f Corn — United States- and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 92,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 423.000 bushels.
New York Cotton Market!
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— The cotton market
closed quiet. 5 points lower.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— For the first time in
many months there occurred a change In lead
values, and at the close the market was - weak
and %c lower. This decline was caused by the
continued dullness in the market and was
made In order to bring out some business. The
price Is now $4. At London lead was dull and
unchanged and quoted at £10 10s.
Copper at London finished the day 2s 6d lower
and unchanged for futures, after having at one
time shown a loss of 10s. Trade was quiet.
Spot was quoted at £50 7s lid and futures at
£50 12s 6d. Here the market was dull, but
had a weak undertone, with values In buyers'
favor on the basis of 16%@15%c for lake and
15c for casting. The 3 production of copper- In
the United State3 during November was 2JL 728
t jus, making a total for the past eleven months
of 245,456 tons, as compared with 246,603 tons
for the same period U.n year. " • ■ ■ ■'. ,
At London tin was quiet and closed easy and
30a cfT, with spot at flOtf 10s and futures at
£104 2s 6d. Locally the market was without
feature and closjd dull at $24 50@25.
Spelter was a shada higher at London and
closed at £17, while the local market for that
metal was dull at $1 45.
Pig iron warrants were steady at $10 50®
11 50; No. 1 Northern, foundry, $10 50@16; No.
a foundry. Southern, $14 60@15 50; No. 1 foun
dry, Southern, $15 50® 10; No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft, $15@17. " •
Glasgow Iron warrants closed at 56s and
Mlddlesboro closed at 43s l%d.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000; steady at Monday's advance; good to
prime, $6 25@7 50; poor to medium, $3 80@6;
Etockers and feeders, ?2@4 25; cows, |1@4 50;
heifers, $1 50@5 15; canners, $1@2; bulls. $1 70
@4 50: calves, |2 60@6 75; Texas fed steers.
$4 30«f5 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 80,000: strong to
higher; mixed and butchers, $5 85@6 65; good
to choice heavy, $6 30@6 67%; rough heavy,
$5 90@0 15; light, $5 25fiC 90; bulk of sales.
$5 90@6 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000; sheep and lambs,
steady to lower; good to choice, $3 75@4 40;
fair to choice mixed, $2 8003 60; Western
sheep. $3@4; native lambs, $2 50® 5 75; West
ern lambs, $2@4 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Dec. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1800; steady: natives, $3 25<3>7 25; cows
and heifers. $1@5 60; veals. $2 50<S>5 25; stock
ers and feeders. $2@4 25. ■
HOGS^-Receipts, 8900; steady; light and light
mixed, $5 75@6 50; medium and heavy,' $6 20®
6 80; pigs, $2 7504 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1700; steady.
• Boston Wool_ Market.
BOSTON, Dec 17.— Ths wool . market here
maintains a strong tone and the outlook Is
favorable. There is a steady demand for sup
plies and while no large lots "are being cleaned
up, there is enough call to keep prices strong.
The call for territory wools continues steady
and tales are making at full prices. Good lots
of .fine medium are selling on the scoured basis
of 42@43c, with fine at 45c. Oregon wools con
tinue steady on the basis of 41<3>.44c for fine me
dium, and fine at 35@38c and staple at 45@48c.
The market for quarter-blood Australian wool
here Is quoted at 38c; merinos • at 70@72e ;
super-combing good at 67@6Sc and average at
C2@65c. - . .
Portland's Business. ■■'
PORTLAND, Dec. 17.— Clearings, $428,982;
balances. $89,267. ; , . . '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
. PORTLAND. Dec. 17.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 59@60c; valley, 60c. - "- ' ' : " . ". . :
Cleared — Ship Riverside/for Queenstowh
with 92,018 bushels of wheat; bark Eugenie
Fautril. Queenstown, . with 111,001 bushels of
wheat. > . • , . : . . . ■
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec: 17.— WHEAT— Unchanged , •
bluestem, COc; club, 59c. '■
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec 17.— Consols, fl3%@93%; sil
ver, 25%d; French rentes. . 100f 57 %c; cargoes
on- passage, .quiet and steady ;; cargoes No. . 1
standard California,' SOs 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29a 3d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, DecrlT.— Wheat." 1 > quiet: No. 1
standard California. 6s 3%d@«s 4d: wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, dull; weather in England, frost.
. COTTON— Uplands; 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
• Exchange^ and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange and Silver are a fraction
firmer.
Sterling Exchange, GO days — I-J §4
Sterling Exchange, sight — * 87 J*
Sterling Cables ..." — 4 SS \ %
New York Exchange. Fight — «*>
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — OJH
Silver, per ounce -— »5j(i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% © 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-^-Ar« steady at about
36s 85d as an average figure for spot business,
with no disengaged vessels In port to work
upon. On this date last year the disengaged
tonnage amounted to 2853 tons, represented by
one ship only. The chartered Wheat fleet In
pert has a registered tonnage of 51,675, against
67,600 tons on the same date last year, and the
tonnage on the way to this port Is 106,397 tons,
against 118,0)3. ..
WHEAT— The foreign markets were weak
and Liverpool futures lower..
Chicago opened steady but Inactive, the mar*
ket having a holiday character. Receipts were
reported decreasing, the bulls were all out and
the bears were oversold. Winter Wheat sec
tions . again entered the market as buyers and
sent very bullish reports of scarcity and hog
feeding. Some of tho Northwestern people
claim ■ that farmer* have sold 75 per cent of
their crops. There was no pressure to sell, and
there has been heavy covering by shorts during
the past several days. Some Minneapolis mills
are. going to close on account of scarcity of
cars. - Minneapolis stocks are expected to de
crease slightly for the week. '
The status of stocks is thus given by Brad
street's: East of the Rockies, an Increase of
3,426,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, decrease
of 1.500,000; total Increase, 1,926,000 bushels.
There was good buying at Chicago for the
Southwest and New York houses with foreign
connections.
This market was firm on call, in sympathy
with Chicago. Shipping grades remained the
same. y • > '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02%; milling,
SI 03%@l 06% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 2000
ctls. 81 O614. -
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 0G%; 6000, $1 06%.'
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 06%.-.
BARLEY — The market continues dull and
unchanged, with moderate offerings In the local
market. ■ ' 1 .
Feed, 78%©80c for choice bright, 77%c por
No. 1 and 72%@75c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 82&@85c; Chevalier. 80c@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
' Second Session — No sales.
'Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Red are in active demand for seed at
higher prices. The other descriptions continue
firmly held, but prices show no advance.
'Grays, $1 12%<g)l 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25
for seed; whites, $1 15@1 30; Surprise, $1 30®
1 S5; black, $1©1 12% for feed and $1 15®
1 22% for seed; red, $1 12y.@l 20 per ctl for
feed and $1 25@1 37% for seed.
CORN — The market continues very dull and
offerings meet with little attention. The crop
of the State is reported large and of superior
quality. The Eastern markets show no further
change. Large . Yellow, $1 35@1 37%: small
round do, $1 35@1 45; white, $1 35®1 42% per
cental. '
RYE— Quiet and unchanged at 75@80c per
cental.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3-25®
3 CO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15S3 25;
Oregon, $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'.
$2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4: Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $0 50 per. 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings are quoted firm, but no
higher, though dealers seem to expect an ad
vance before long. Hay is in moderate, re
ceipt and steady at the old familiar prices.
BRAN— $10ig>16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Job
bing. $28 6O®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20©21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 60®32;
Mixed Feed, ?16@17.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11; fancy, $11 50@12;
Wheat and Oat. $8@11; Oat. $7@10; Barley
and Oat. ?7@9; Alfalfa. $S@0 50; Clover. ?G@7;
Volunteer, $5 50®8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Everything under this head is quiet and un
changed. There' is no demand for Beans
worthy of note, but dealers are. not pressing
the market to sell. ' ■ ■ . ,
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30@2 40; Small "White,
$2 7503 15; Large White, |2 S0@3; Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink. $1 8002 10; Red. $2 50@3; Black
eye. $3 60@3 60; Llmas. $4 23@4 50; Red Kid
neys. $3 60@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 60®2 60; Ca
nary, 3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape, l%@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. The Potato market Is reported firm and In
good shape for sellers, with diminished - re
ceipts.
Onions are steady at previous prices.
There is nothing new in Vegetables.
POTATOES— 80c@$l 05 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 15@1 60: River Reds, $1 50®
1 60; Sweets, 90c<S$l for Merced. *■
ONIONS — $1 65#2 per ctl: Oregons, $1 75@2.
VEGETABLES — Green • Peas from Los An
geles, 6@«c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
OSlOc; Cabbage, 40<3>50c per ctl; Tomatoes. 25
@75c; Los Angeles Tomatoes. ; Dried Pep
pers. 9@17%c per lb; Dried Okra. 12%@15c per
lb; Carrots, 2o@35c per sack; Cucumbers, 25®
50c; Garlic. 1%@2%c; Green Peppers. 35@60c
per box for Chili and 35@50c for Bell ; Egg
Plant from the bay, SSgSOc; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, ; Marrowfat Squash, $8
@10 per ton: Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mush
rooms, 6®12%o per pound. .
• Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern went on, making four
thus far this week. The market was in very
good shape and everything except Turkeys and
Pigeons advanced, receipts being light. Young
was especially wanted, and there were
sales over the quotations.' Receipts of dressed
Turkeys were 37 cases, and there was no de
mand for them. . 1 '.. ■ ■
Game was steady and unchanged. Receipts
were 160 sacks. :
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, ,12@15c; Live
Turkeys, 12@14c for ; Gobblers and 13@15o for
Hens; Geese, per pair 1 $175(3)2; Goslings,
$2@2 25; Ducks, $4@4 60 for old and $5@6 50
for young; Hens, ?4@5; young Roosters, $4 60
@5 50; old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $4 60®
6; Broilers. $4@4 50 for large and $3 50@4; for
email; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs. . v .
GAME^ — Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard $2@2 50; . Canvasback, $2®3; Sprig,
$1 50@2; Teal, $1: Widgeon, $1@1 25; Small
Ducks,. $1@1 25; Black Jack, $l@l 25; Eng
lish- Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 60; Gray Geese.
$3 50; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 60®2 per
dozen; Honkers, i $3@4 50. :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. :
The cold weather " continues to. help Butter
and Eggs, and both are quoted In light supply
and firm for the best grades, though there Is
some , weakness visible in store Eggs and the
lower grades of Butter. Receipts of Eggs were
larger yesterday. There Is no change Ii? Cheese
■: Receipts were. 35,100 pounds of. Butter, '
pounds of Eastern! Butter, 4 545 cases of Eggs,
• cases, of Eastern. Eggs,- 3400 ; pounds of
California Cheese. and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. • ' : / V; '.■'.'■:■,'■ ■ ,,' ..•■-.•. ■
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@25c per lb for fancy
and 20@22c' for. seconds; dairy, 17% 021c; store
Butter. ■ 14@17c per \= lb : . Creamery Tub 20c •
Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb '
CHEESEJ — New,. 12c ; old. 10%@ll % C ; Young
America,'. 13c per lb; Eastern, 13"@15c. -
EGGS— Ranch. 32%@33c for selected large
30@32c for good < to choice and. 27%@29c for
fair; store. 24@27%c per dozen; ' cold storaee
20@25c; Eastern,. 20@26c. . . ■ ■ • '
Deciduous. and}, Citrus Fruits.
Berries have about disappeared for the sea
son and the quotations are dropped. •
.'.. Apples • and Pears j are j as ; previously quoted.
Most of the Pears are from cojd storage.':, Fine
sound Apples and ' Pears are firm, but all' lower
grade : goods are ; weak and slow. t
c The > Orange market continues heavily '■■up-
plied and quiet. There* is very little shipping
demand for i the ' north, as that region Is now
getting Us goods direct from the south.
Lemons and Limes are In ample supply and
unchanged.
. Another orange auction will be held to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50®2 per box for extra, 75c©
$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1@1 25.
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c©$2 50 per box.
QUINCES — 10@50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 20@50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $10®ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges 75c©$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 60@2
for fancy; Seedlings. 75c@$l 25; Tangerines.
75c(g$l 25: Japanese Mandarins. 75ci$$l 25;
Lemons, COcigSl for common ' and ' $1 50@2 for
good to choice, and $2 60®3 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1@2 50; Mexican Limes. $3 5004; Ban
anas, $1 75© 2 75 per bunch for New Orleans
and 75c©$l 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3(04
per dozen. ■ ■
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Dealers report the best demand for the gen
eral run of fruits ever known In December.
Prunes are especially active and are going out
of San Jose with noteworthy rapidity. Raisins
are also moving briskly eastward. Prices for
both these descriptions are strong, with a
rising tendency. In fact, both have advanced
Ho during the past week or two. Honey and
Nuts remain as before, and are quoted steady,
with fair stocks. Beeswax is higher. Briefly,
there is not a dull or weak article In the whole
list below.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7©8%o for Royals and 8
©13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7®8%c; sun-dried. 3%©4%c:
Peaches, 5®7%c; Pears. 4©8c; Plums, pitted,
4%©6c: unpltted. l©-c; Nectarines. 6®5%c for
red and 5%®«%o for white; Figs, 3©4o for
black and 3®3%c for white.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
80-40's. 6%©5%c; 40-50's, 4%©5%c; 60-60*8.
4%©4%c: 60-70's. 3%@-4%c; 70-SO's, 3%©3%c;
80-90's, 2%@3%c; 90-100's. 2%©2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters —
Imperial, $3; TJehesa, $2 60; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London , Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard, loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown 6%c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 6%c; Thompson
Seertless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, S%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, -7c:
choice seeded." «%c; do In bulk, fancy. 6%c;
choice, 6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell.
9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell:
Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12®
12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10©
ll%<r*for light amber; water white extracted,
6@6c: light amber, extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c j
BEESWAX— 27% @29c per lb.
Provisions:
Prices In the local market remain un- ,
changed. The packers report the demand
light, while some of the^ Jobbing firms report
an active movement. The Chicago market was
steady yesterday.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: California.
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. fl2@12 60;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 60®23;
Mess, $18 CO® 19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14e per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for. pure; .half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins, 1274c;
3-1 b tins, 12%c. ■«
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. i
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool Is In active demand, with fast de-
I creasing stocks. Everything good sells with- i
out difficulty. There is a good deal of heavy
defective here, but otherwise stocks are light. ,
Hops are moving oft fairly. Buyers want
concessions, but are paying 10@10%c for good
Hops In the country.
Hides ar.e in fair shape for sellers at un- :
changed prices. Stocks are not very heavy.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides 9%c for heavy and 9©9%e for light;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip, 0%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
i Dry Kip. 15c: Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool 40@60c each; medium. 60@S5c; long
Wool! 80c@$l 10 each; Horse. Hides, salt,
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium.
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25® 1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c ; s large and
smooth. 50c; 'medium, S5c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6o per lb; No. 2,
4%<if."c: grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 to 1901 — Southern, de
fective. 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
13@15%c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon Eastern choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good.
9® lie; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall — San Joaquln. C@8c; San Joaquln
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 0@lQc; do. defective, 8@Uc
per lb.
HOPS — S@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
1 good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Everything Is stiff. Beef and Mutton have
again advanced %c and Lamb Is also higher.
Hogs are very strong, and a further advance
is not unlikely, as arrivals are small and
diminishing. "
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ■
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6%©7c per lb
°VEAL^-Larfre. 7®8%c: small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers. 8®S%c; Ewes, 7%«8c
per lb.
LAMB— O(gO%c per lb.
PORK— Live hogs from 150 to 250 lbs, 5?*c;
under 150 lbs, 5%®5%c; sows. 20 per cent off;
boars, 30 per cent oft, and stags 40 per cent
oft from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7@8%c f
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, Tc: lo
cal make, %c less than' Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
82@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
CANNED TOMATOES— The total pack of
canned tomatoes in the United States this year
is placed at approximately 4,000.000 cases, as
compared with 7,000,000 last year.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, In 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples. $1 05®l 45; Apricots. $1@1 50; reaches,
yellow $1 20@l 65; do. Lemon Cling. $1 30®
1 75; Bartlett Pears. $1 25@1 75; Plums. 90c©
$1- 25- Nectarines. $1@1 50; Muscat Grapes,
95c@Sl 35; Quinces, $1 10@l 65; Strawberries.
$1 30@l 75; Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50: Coos
Bay $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; co-operative Walls
end $8 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 16c per lb;
Sisal size, ll%c; Bale Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex,
10%. Terms, «0 days, or XVt per cent cash dis
count. Lots of 10,000 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb, 4c:
cases. Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large. 4%c;
cases. Eastern Style. 6c; Boneless, B^c;- "Nor
way," 5%c;- "Narrow Gauge," 6c; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, "Oriental," 6c; Blocks.
"Seabright." Ctfc; Tablets, 7c; Middles, 6%@
7%c; 6-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c; 2-lb
boxes, fancy boneless, 7%@8c: Desiccated, per
dozen 75c: Pickled Cod, barrels, each-. $7;
Pickled Cod, half -barrels, each, $4.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13%@14c nominal for
strictly prime fancy washed; 11%@12%c nom
inal for prime washed; 10%@llc nominal for
good washed; 10%@12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%@10%c for fair to prime
peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime; 8%@9^4c
for fair; 7@7%c for common to ordinary. 1 '
• Salvador — 12%@13c nominal for strictly prime
washed; 10%@12c nominal for good to prime
washed; '9@10c nominal for fair washed; 10%@
11%C nominal, for good to prime washed pea
berry; 9%@10%o nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; 9V4@9%c nominal for superior
unwashed; 9c for good green unwashed; 9@9?ic
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6@7c
for common to ordinary. •
Nicaragua — 12@15c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9%@llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; • 8%®9V»c nominal for
good to superior unwashed: 9@9%c nominal for
good to superior, unwashed peaberry.
...Guatemala and Mexican — 12%®15%c for
prime to fancy washed: 11®11%o for strictly
good washed; 10%@1094c for good washed; 0V,
enOc for fair washed: 8®9c for medium; 6®
7%c for inferior ,to ordinary; 10%@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry: 9%®10c nominal for
pood to prime unwashed peaberry; 9<@9%c nom
inal for rood to superior unwashed.
--LEATHER — Sole, heavy, : 29@32e; extra
heavy, 30®40c per lb; medium. 27@29c: light
24@20c; Rough Leather. 26@2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@30c for No. 1 and 30033c
for No. 2; medium, 30@37c; light, 29@35c-
Skirting. No. 1. 4O@42c; No. 2. 36@38c; Col
lar Leather, ; 15@16c per foot : Trace Leather
4C@-Uc; Kip. unfinished. 40@50c per lb- Veal'
finished, . 16@17c .per. foot; Belt Knife Splits*
14@16c: Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb. '
TANB ARK— Ground. $26@28 per ton; Stick
$16@1S r>er:cord. -
OILS— Lard Oil is higher, y California Castor
Oil.; in 1 cases. No. 1. 70c: pure, $1 20; Linseed
Oil, In barrels, boiled, 65c; raw, 63c;: cases 5c
more: Lucol,-66c for boiled* and 54c for raw In
barrels; Lard Oll,~ extra winter strained, bar
rels, 90c: cases, 95c: China Nut, 55®72c per
gallon; pure Neatsfoot, In barrels,; 70c; cases.
f5c; Sperm, pure. 63c: Whale Oil. natural
white. 40@15c per gallon: Fish Oil. barrels,
37%c: cases, 42%c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels. t£JV,c
for Ceylon and 58 %c for Australian.
CO^OIL--Water White "Coal Oil. «n bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c* in
cases, 21 %e: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: in cases.
20%c; Sfi-desrree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c: In
cases. 26V*:.
TURPENTINE— 5S%c per gallon in cases
and 52: in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7f9
7Vic-D«r 1b; White Lead. 6%©7%c. according
to quantity.
SALT-H R. H.. £24 75 pw ton in larsr*
sacks and $25 50 in 60s. Liverpool. $21 23®2J
for thi best and $17 50@20 fcr lower grades.
HltfKlns*. $30<$%! 50 wr ton.
QUICKSILVER— «47<R4S rer flask for local
use and $44<ft45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany nuotes. per lb. in 10<i-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered, 5.15c; Candy Grinulated. 5.1.V
Dry Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A 3 0.V-
Fruit Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated U(XK
lb bags only), 4.05c: Magnolia A. 4.H5c- Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.43c:. D. 4.:«c; barrels. lOo
more; half-barrels. 23c mor«: toxes. .W mor«*
&0-lb bags. 10c more. ITo orders taken for less;
than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos
half-barrels. 3.53c: boxes. 5.S0c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follow*:
i Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S@1O T.0: extra, sizes.
| higher: Redwood. $10(1120; Lath. 4 feet. $"5 VHM?
4; Pickets. $!!>: Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 73
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for sjlit and $14 tot
■awn; Rustic, $22(031.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 17.
Flour, qr sks.. 4.100| Tallow, ctls.... El
Whemt. ctls.... 71,6801 Wine, fa'.s .133.000
Barley, ctls.... 4.1701 Leather, rolls.. 7a
Beans, sks l.l'OjLlme. tbls 27.1
Potatoes, sks... 2.870 Quicksilver, flks 289
Bran, sks KAO Raisins, bxs.... t.400
Middlings, sks.. » 873 Hides. No R8t
Hay. tons 411 Perts. bdls 63.1
Hops, bales.... 14rtiWool. cks 10
Sugar, ctls 5.076'
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls ; . 2,700(
STOCK MARKET.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was very dull. Contra Costa Water
was lower at $73 60, and Gas and Electric at
$44 50, these being the only fluctuations of
note. The oil stocks were Inactive.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers' sold off to
$162. and there were sales of Pacific Gas Im
provement at $39 6O@38 87^.
The Empire Quicksilver Mining Company has
declared a dividend of 2 per cent, payable
January 2. This company was recently incor
porated with a capital stock of $5,000,000. It
has two or three quicksilver claims in the
northern part of the State. Including the Sul
phur Bank mine.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared the usual monthly dividend of 60
cents per share, payable on the 20th.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm's regular
quarterly dividend, 5 cents per share, and ex
tra of 10 cents per share, amounting to $3750,
were paid December 16. * (
The Bear Flag Oil assessment No. 3 of 2;
cents per share will become delinquent on th»
Producers' Oil Exchange December 27, and at
the office of the company, Fresno. January 10:
salesday January 3O.
The Wellington Oil salesday of delinquent
stock has been postponed to December 30.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dec. 17—2 p. m.
UN'ITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
4s qnar cp. .112%113H 4g qr c (new)139m40
4 a quar reg.111%112% ?s quar coup.lOSVi —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Bay CPC Cs. — 108% Ombus C 6s.l30 —
Cal-st 5s.... 119 — Pac G Im 4s. — 96
C C Wat 5s. Ill — Pk&C H 6s. — 113
Ed 1. & P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 121 —
FerAC H 6s.l20 — Powl-st R 6S.11ST&120
G-eary-st 6s.. — 100 Sac EGR 6s. 93% —
H CAS 5%s. — — SF & SJVCs. — 124
Do 5s .... — 100 Sierra Cal 6a — —
L Ang R 6s. 119 120% 3 P of Ar 6s
L A Lght 6s. 101 K — (1909) 11394 —
Do gtd 6s. 100 — (1910) — —
Do gtd 5s. — 105 S P of Cal 6s
L, A & P 5s. 00 — (1905)Sr A.10S 109
Do lem Bs.101 103 (1905)Sr B.108% —
Mkt-st C 6s.l27»i — (1906) ....110 111
Do lcm 5s. 121% 123 (1912) 120 —
N R Cal 6s. — 118 S P Cal 1st
• Do 5» 121<S122% c gntd Ba.110 —
N Pac C 6s.l07%108 3 P BrCal6s.l3B —
N Cal R 6s. 112%, - SV Wat (Ja.111%113
Oak Gas 5S.113 — Do 4s ....102^103
Oak Tran 6s. — 123% Do 4s cp m — 101%
Do 1st cSs.110% — Stkn Gas 6s.lO2 —
Oak W g 5S.104 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 7394 — IPort Costa.. 63% «J
Marln Co 6S — ISpringr Vally. — 88
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 4 Sacramentc . — 35
Mutual — 5% S F G & B. 44% 44%
O G L & H. 51 — San Fran 5Vl 6
Pac Gas Imp 39% 40 Stktn O & E 8 — 1
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.240 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — ,L P & A 162%170
California ..415 — Her Ex (lie). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.110 — S F Natlonl.135 —
First Natnl.325 350
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1025 2000 Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav. 66 — lUnion Trst.lSOO —
B F Sav U.. 625 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..147 150 Market 88 88
Geary — 50% Presidio .... 85 —
POWDER.
Giant — 84%/Vlgorlt — ;8 ■>.
SUGAR.
Hana 8% — Kllauea .... — 11%
Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell .. 24% 23
Honokaa ... 10% 10% Onomea 22 — -
Hutchlnson . 14 Vk — Paauhau ... 10*£ 10«i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161%163 Oceanic S C. 40 45
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As! 879, 90 Pac C Borax.165 166%
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Anglo-Cal Bank 80 00
10 Contra Costa "Water 73 60
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 5s ...Ill 00
30 Pacific Gas Improvement —^... .. 89 50
75 S F Gas and Electric 44 50
Street —
$15,000 Oakland Transit Co 5s ...Ill 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
65 Contra Costa Water 73 50
5 Contra Costa Water 73 37%
25 Honokaa Su?ar Co 10 23
23 Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co. 14 25
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 5s 110 75
25 Pacific Gas Improvement........ 89 75
15 Pacific Gas Improvement 39 87%
100 S F Gas and Electric Co........ 44 50
Street—
30 Pacific Gas Improvement 39 SO
$1000 Spring Valley Water 6s 112 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1000 Cala-Standard If
1000 Lion Of
100 Peerless, b 90 5 23
100 Wolverine. 50
. ;. . Afternoon Session.
1 Hanford. b 10 92 00
4 Hanford 9\ 00
1000 Reed Crude 33
10O Sovereign 19
60 Sovereign 19
200 Wolverine (0
. MINING STOCKS.
The following: were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ,/.*
Morning Session.
200 Chollar 03 800 Mexican 24
200 Con Cal & V.I 60 700 Ophir 64
900 Mexican ..... 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta .05 100 Ophir 64
10<) Belcher 12 200 Sierra Nev... 15
200 Con Cal & V.I 63 300 Union Con... 10
800 Mexican 23 200 Yellow .racket 07
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
•300 Belcher 12 500 Mexican 24
1200 Best & Belch. 12 200 Scorpion 03
100 Con C & V,l 62% 1500 Sierra Nev... 15
300 Gould & Cur. 05 200 Yellow Jacket (MS
200 Kentuck 01
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ...... 13 300 Mexican ..... 2*
500 Best & Belch. 12 200 Ophir .; b4
200 Caledonia. . ... 19 300 Overman .... 02
100 Con C & V.I 62% 500 Savage 04
: 100 Confidence ... 54 300 Sierra Nsv... 13^
850 Hale & Norc. 14 BOO Union Con... 10
200 Mexican *5
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Dec. 17—4 p. in.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask. ,
Alpha — 02'Justlce 07 08
Alta \. 05 OU Kentuck — 02
Andes 02 Lady Wash.. 01-
Belcher ...... 11 13 Mexican ....." 23 24
Best & Belch. 11 12'Oceidontal ... 03 05
Bullion — 02 Ophir 63 64
Caledonia IS 2O Overman .... 02 03 '
Challenge Con 09 10 Potosi 03 04
Chollar ...... 03 01 Savage 02 04
Confidence... 50 52 Scorpion ..... • 01
Con Cal & V.I 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.. — oi
Con Imperial, — 02 Sierra Nev... 14 i«
Con New Yk. 01 —I Sliver H!U.;. 29 "JO
Crown Point.. 01 02 [St Louis ..... _. ,•<£
Eureka Con.. 14 — |Standard .... 375
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ; 00
Gould & Cur. 04 05 Union Con... 00 11
Hale & Norc. 15 17 Utah .... : ©S 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket QT 08BOUNTIES MAY
BE ABOLISHED
International Sugar Con
ference Does Impor
tant Work.
Attitude of the United States
Fuzzles the Dele
gates.
BRUSSELS, Dec. IT.— A communication
to the press announces that the interna
tional sugar conference, at its meeting to
day, discussed the effects of high^eustoms
surtaxes on sugar. The indications are
i hat the delegates, who represent all the
countries of Europe excen.t Russia, favor
jvo total abolition of sugar bounties in
¦ ¦ co , u » trl es represented. The delegates
nad pledged themselves to abstain from
making any communication to the press
but this much was given out in connection
with to-day's sitting.
The main point of to-day's debate was
the imposition of countervailing duties
and a discussion of the effect which the
imposition of such duties by the United
States might have in diverting the export
of bounty-fed sugar to fresh markets, and
thus generally upsetting the general sys
tem of bounty-paying duties.
The conference is doubtful of the effi
ciency of any action which it may take
in view of the fact that the United States
;i!id Russia are not bound by the dictum
of the conference. The result may be to
i-all another conference, to include the
countries which are not at present repre
sented.
CLAIMS HIS ARREST
IS CAUSED BY SPITE
X. F. Alexander Charged With Lar
ceny by Man. to Whom He
Sold Ranch.
M. F. Alexander, one of the pioneer cit
izens of this city, was arrested last night
at his home. 320 Pixley • avenue, on a
charge of grand larceny. He was taken
into custody on a warrant issued in Con
tra Costa County.
Alexander, who has always borne a
good reputation, is believed to be the vic
tim of petty spite, and the circumstances
surrounding the case seem to bear out
fhls belief.
I Some months ago Alexander sold a
ranch near Mount Diablo to a man named
A bell, the latter paying $3000 on the prop
erty and giving Alexander a mortgage on
the ranch for $2000. The purchaser and
his wife moved to the place during the
month of September and lived there with
Alexander and his wife until recently,
when Alexander moved to this city.
In packing up two old jumpers, a few
towels and several other minor personal
effects became mixed with Alexander's
belongings, and for taking these away
A bell swore to a complaint charging Alex
ander with grand larceny.
Several of the attaches of the prison,
including: Turnkey Coogan and Prison
keeper Dick Bidwell. know Alexander's
reputation for honesty, and they inter
ested themselves in his behalf. Warrant
Clerk T. I. Fitzpatrick took the responsi
bility of releasing Alexander on $100 cash
bail. Alexander claims that Abell is try
ing; to get him into trouble so he can get
out of i raying the mortgage on the ranch.
MANY PEOPLE IN DANGER
FROM LIVE ELECTRIC WIRE
Trolley Line Parts on Eddy Street.
Near Powell, Causing Several
Slight Accidents.
An accident thai fortunately was not
attended with loss of life occurred on
Eddy street, near Powell, yesterday aft
ernoon, when a trolley line burned
feet of live wire fell into
-nter of the street. As the line fell
: the City Transfer wagons driven
. Sumerseu was crossing the car
track. The wire struck between Somei
nd his team, cutting the lines from
ands and burning into the wagon
tocgue. The driver was thrown back
ward by the force of the shock and the
I dashed up Eddy street, overturn
ing and smashing three other vehicles
their way. William Good
win, who was driving one of the buggl<=?
which the runaway team overturned, was
m to the pavement, but escaped with
• ere sprain of the hand and arm.
while the trouble continued where
the line had broken. The wire hung just
above the heads of a stream of people
that was turning from Market street into
Powell. The women nearest the accident,
-' the writhing wire and the streaks
me where it touched the car tracks,
turned away screaming and struggled to
nek on Market street. The people
; them, seeing and hearing the tur
iroil and noise, rushed forward and forced
ghtened ones back toward the wire.
Thus creating almost a panic. It was
wire time before the wire lost its appar
• nt force.
Repairs to Schoolhouses.
The building bureau of the Board of
Public Works is completing extensive
repairs to the public schools. Four addi
tional rooms in the Buena Vista school
will be ready for occupancy January i,
;. as «rfll ateo two laboratories in the
Higi. school. The Fremont school
on b<- enlarged from eight to twelve
Besides these additions four
t-ehools have been repaired inside and
,d new sanitary appliances in
s-taller] Thr^e schools have been painted
i.nd tinted and thr> roofs of two build
ing? including the Mission High, have
:;,udo safe. Plans for a new school
in Nw Valley to contain sixteen
r<-om? have been prepared and a lot pur
ler the game.
Work of Consolidation Completed.
Thr consolidation of the firms of George
W. Gibbs & Co. and Miller, Sloss & Scott,
to be known henceforth as the Pacific
Hardware and Steel Company, is now an
insured fact. The articles of incorpora-
Tion are speeding across the continent to
led In the State of New. Jersey. The
<"all is also in a position to announce the
election of UK following officers of the
Pacific Hardware and Steel Company:
Charif'i- V- Miller, president; H. J. Morton,
ri^st vir. president : A. I>. Scott, second
resident: A. w. MilUgan. third vice
lent; Joseph Blops, treasurer, and D.
l Kan< Becretary. The company is cap
italized at fit) ¦<*»'¦<*.>".
California Conservatory Recital.
A very interesting programme was
given last night at Sherman & Clay Hal!
by piano pupils of the California Conserv
atory under the direction of Otto Bendix.
The work of the student* was marked
ihroughout by strong intelligence and sin-
F-eritv, as well as by a considerable tech
nical* achievement and pood taste. Those
taking part were: Mips Amy Peterson,
Ml.*s Lydia Roinstein. Mis=s Josle Coonan.
Mi*s Edna Drynan. Mrs. Aylwin. Miss
LtJv Hansen, Mis« Alice. Toklas and Miss
Rose Woolf, all pupils of Otto Bendix,
who must be congratulated on their good
work^ ¦
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cent errvcri
_M Glove
pF^Ordcrs
cUuivty sachets
: ¦will bo hor\or«dm
over 1.5 AtoraA'irv
tK© United Stale*
Salesroom: 20££o»tst
CLAIM CARMEN
STRANDED THEM
Passengers Bring Suits
to Enforce Transfer
Privilege.
Say They Were Left in the
Suburbs to Face Mud
and Storm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
To enforce the right of street car pas
sengers to be carried to the destination
Cor which a transfer coupon might be is
sued ie the purpose of two suits which
wore hied to-day in Justice Quinn's court
by Attorney George Edgar Jackson, who
represents Henry Spencer, the famous
jockey who rode for the Prince of Wales,
and Al W. White, a former Deputy Sher
iff of this county and a weil known man
about town.
The suits are lodged against the Oak
land Transit Company and the complaint
is based upon the alleged refusal of a
CAT new to carry White and Spencer from
Golden Gate to West Berkeley one stormy
night last December. The complainants
declare that they were given the alterna
tive of plowing their way two miles
through mud and rain or of stopping at
a hotel in Golden Gate at their own ex
pense. The carmen, say White and Spen
<.¦< r. refused to recognize their right u>
ride the remainder of the way, although
they had transfers from the San Pablo
K\t;iue electric line. The reason assigned
by the conductor was that he had made
his last trip for the night.
"But," expostulated White, "transfers
were issued to us. and here they are. We
want to go to West Berkeley."
"Can't help it," was the reply. "This
car is going to turn in for the night."
"Guess we are stranded," commented
Spencer.
And they were, for the car did turn in.
The formal recital of the complaints is
that White and Spencer boarded a San
Pablo avenue car at Twelfth street ani
Broadway at 11 p. rrr. December 18, 1900.
They reached Golden Gate twenty min
utes later, where transfers to the West
Berkeley extension were issued. After
waiting twenty minutes the car from
West Berkeley rolled into the terminus.
Instead of making another trip out, it
continued downtown, after the two belated
passengers had their unfruitful colloquy
with the carmen.
Spencer and White ask judgment for
$200 damages.
CHOIR OF ST. DOMINIC'S
WILL PRODUCE AN OPERA
Young Ladies Will Be Heard in "Bo
hemian Girl" for Benefit of
Sunday-School.
The annual entertainment for the bene
fit of St. Dominic's Sunday school and
Christmas-tree festival will be given to
morrow evening at Franklin Hall by tho
St. Dominic's Junior Choir and Choral
Union. The young ladies have been busy
for weeks preparing for a grand produc
tion of the lyric and romantic opera,
Balfe's "Bohemian Girl," under the direc
tion of Rev. Father Jones. The scenery
has been specially painted, and the char
acters will be correctly costumed.
The scenes will show the interior of the
Hall of Justice at Presburg. a room in
the castle of the Count Arnheim. street*
in Presburtr and a grand fair in the pub
lic place. The cast of characters fol
lows:
Count Arnheim, Governor of Presburg. Miss
Margaret Olsen; Thaddeus. a proscribed Pole.
Miss Kathryn Barry; Florestein, nephev.- 01 the
Count Miss Kathleen Roche; Devilshoof.
chief of the gypsies. Miss Dolly Roche; captain
of the guard, Miss Frances Crowe; officer of
the guard, Miss Birdie McKeon; Arline.
daughter of the Count, Miss Edna Walsh;
queen of the gypsies, Miss May Bird; Fay
Sprite Miss Albertina Meyerhoffer.
Chorus, gypsies, ladies of the court, peas
antry- etc.— Nellie Crowe, Charlotte McKeon.
Christine Classen, Lizzie Meagles, May
Mcagles, Ella Olsen, Hattie O'Neill, Valentine
Hastings, Mary Eagan. Margarite O'Connor,
Grade O'Connor, Genovieve White. Irene
White, Loretta Gavin. Charlotte McMahon.
Jubilee Concert Loring Club.
The Loring Club's second concert of the
twenty-fifth season, its silver jubilee con
cert, was given at Native Sons' Hall last
night before the usual large audience at
tracted by the club affairs. An unusually
interesting programme was offered by the
club. It included the following:
Max Bruch's "Roman Song of Triumph."
whl h T« given with spirit and freedom:
Gade'e "Gondola Song": "King Olaf's Christ
mas" by Buck, repeated by request, and one
of the Lorin Club's best efforts; the ¦Pil
grim-e Chorus" of AVagner; "The Rockaby
Lady " by Osgood: the ca*hy "Rose and
Bird*' of Schindmeyer, and "Oedipus at
Colonos," by Mendelssohn.
The chorus was In unusually good form,
and its efforts were generously applauded
by the audience.
Mrs J. E. Bermingham, contralto, as
sisted the club and gave the following
numbers:
"Kennst Dv das Land." "Es Liegt,'' "A
Folk Son*" of Kremser; "The Water Lily,
by Aldrich; "LHeure Exqulse," Hahn, and a
Straus3 serenade.
Miss Ruth Coring accompanied with her
customary discretion, and the accompani
ments were further strengthened by a
quintet of strings, a flute and an organ.
Stole Nine Pairs of Shoes.
Louis Cruazarati and Emanuel Rios
were arrested last night and taken to the
North End Station on a charge of bur
glary. They were accused of having
broken into a sho% store at 217 Broadway
and stolen nine pairs of shoes. The shoes
were found in their possession when they
were arrested by Officer Skans. They ef
fected an entrance to the store through a
window in the front of the building.
Election of Hungarian Aid Society. ]
The First Hungarian Mutual • Aid So
ciety elected the following-named officers
at a recent meeting:
Anton Erdely, president: Gus Cllne, vice
president; 8. Szegedy. treasurer; W. Rosen
berg record Ing secretary; 8. Grossman, finan
cial ' secretary: John Hizdos, librarian; J.
Fried M. Propper and 1... Gutter, directors;
Dr. .7. Soboslay. physician. •-%¦-.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
' CUSTOMS INSPECTOR ACCUSED. — Cus
toms Inspector H. C. Curtis has been missing
from his popt for several days and his lapse
from duty has been laid before Collector Strat
ton. , . ' -
MORSE KEPOHTS HAMAGKF. — United
States Commissioner George. K. Mono fllerl >>•=•
terday In the United States District Court his
report as referee in the case of Prentout L**
blond v*. «'.eorße W. McNear and reports the
damages to be awarded to Hie plaintiff to bo
$0951 02. . , , :
PETITIONERS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions
in Insolvency Wet* filed in the United States
District Court yesterday, as follows: '¦ Ebi>n I*'.
Larrabee farmer. Yuba County, liabilities
$3200. no assets; Mrs. Minnie E. Flick, lodging
houso keeper. San Francisco, liabilities $618, no
assets: Dr. Seeley F. Long, San Francisco, lia
bilities $:<:;. IKi7 31. no assets: and H. E. Long,
housewife. «an Francisco, liabilities $5900, no
H?*ei<=.
•SLANDERED HORSE SHOT.— Chief Sani
tary inspector Hauler yesterday ordered Officer
C-ottle to Fhoot a horse afflicted with glanders. |
Dr. Hassler, in his report" to the Board of i
Health. i«t>jte!= that a man named Doyle of "27
Sixth street, had attempted to chip the horse to
Petaluma, but shipment wan refused. Doyle
then tried to make Sam Habler, the owner, take
the horse back, and Habler in turn endeavored
to force M. Stein of the AB C Stables to take
the animal, claiming: that Stein had knowledge
that It was diseased when he sold it. '
CANTON. 0.. Dec. 17.^— Two slptrrs of the
late President. Mrs. a. .1. Duncan . and Miss
Helen McKlnloy of Cleveland, are here to visit
Mrs. McKlnley. .' Mrs. MeKinley does not re
quire medical attention. • although Die. Phillip.
and Portmann see her once or twice a week. ,
." *»?¦'' '
BERLIN, Dec. 17. — The correspondent in St.
Petersburg of the Cologne' Gazette telegraphs
that a. number of experts representing big
1 American firms have arrived at' Vladivostok
en route for Siberia, where they .will build fac-
II tn route for Siberia, where they will build
turien and exploit the agricultural and minera!
wealth of the country. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
CELEBRATED BATTLE OF ELMHURST
FORMS SUBJECT FOR INVESTIGATION
First of the Seventeen Cases Growing Out of Disturbance Is Tried and Re
suits in Acquittal of Edward Hansen of Battery Charge— Mrs. Susan
Gray Gives Details on Witness Stand of the Sunday Clash of Neighbors
SOME OF THE SEVENTEEN OR MORE MEN AND WOMEN WHO WITNESSED OR PARTICIPATED IN THE
MEMORABLE NEIGHBORHOOD BATTLE FOUGHT AT ELMBURST ON DECEMBER. 1. THE JUDGE, COUN
SEL AND A FEW MEMBERS OF THE JURY.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The famous
battle of Elmhurst, fought on the
afternoon of Sunday, December 1,
has ended in smoke. "What will
probably be the last chapter but
one of the history of the war was closed
this afternoon in Justice Larue's court,
when a jury of seven good men and truo
acquitted Edward Hansen Of the charge
of battery. There are fifteen other com
plaints that receive their origin from
this neighborhood meeting, but, as the
result of to-day's trial, Judge Larue will
to-morrow wipe clean his calendar by dis
missing the remaining cases.
Hansen was acquitted but judge, jury
and counsel are yet in the dark as to
what took place. Deputy District At
torney George Samuels !s dazed and re
plies "to all queries with: "Who struck
Billy Patterson?"
Judge Larue says he is glad he docs
not live within the firing line.
The jurors shake their heads and mut
ter in chorus: "Them women!"
The trouble occurred about the time of
day when, in most rural districts, the
cows come home. Cows are different In
Elmhurst. They are brought home.
Everybody was out after his or her cow
and that is how it happened that every
body was on hand for the tangle that
Judg« Larue has vainly tried to
straighten out.
There were seventeen witnesses in the
DEATH RESULTS
FROM WOUND
Mr 3. Racine Passes
Away at Receiving
Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
Mrs. Bertha Maud Racine, who shot
herself in the presence of her husband
last night while in a fit of jealous anger,
died this morning at the Receiving Hos
pital. The doctors discovered that the bul
let had penetrated the brain tissues,
which made the wound necessarily fata).
When they probed for the bullet they
found it at the base of the skull in a po
sition where it could not bo extracted.
Coroner Mebrmann held an inquest to
night, when Joseph J. Racine, the hus
band, was the principal witness. He testi
fied that with his wife he dined at a down
town restaurant Monday evening, and
then wont home to prepare for initiation
In the Knights of Pythias. She objected,
and he agreed to remain at home with
her. Later he went out to k^ep a busi
ness engagement, returning about .10:15
o'clock. The quarrel was renewed as soon
as be pot into the house.
"Suddenly she went into the bedroom."
said Racine, "and in a moment came back
with a pistol In her hand. I said, 'My
God, Maud, what are you going to dor
She- said. Til not bother you any more.'
and pointing thi- pistol at her head fired.
She foil at my feet and ] thought she was
dead. She expressed her sorrow at the
Receiving Hospital."
Mrs. Harriett Clark, wife of Police Of
ficer Clerk, testified that she found the
pintol within a few inches of Mrs. Ra
cine's left hand, while she lay face down
ward on the floor.
The jury rendered a verdict that de
ceased had committed suicide while tem
porarily insane.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued Dece/nber 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign 9 cents
Hansen case. They all testified and rho
story of the mixup as told from seven
teen points of view was too strenuous a
problem for human assimilation."
Hit Giandma in the Glasses.
Mrs. Susan Gray was one of the seven
teen. She told the story substantially as
follows:
I saw Mrs. Alvin catch Mrs. Delhi by the
arm and slap her in the face. Mrs. Deihl said,
"Slap me again and I'll tear every spear of
hair out of your head." Then Mr. Alvin took
Mrs. Delhi by the throat and choked her. Mr.
Hansen came up and said to Mr. Alvin: "No
fighting with the ladies'." Mr. Alvin then hit
Mr. Hansen and Mr. Hansen knocked him
down. Did it twice. ' Mr. Alvin then went
home, washed away the blood and mud and
returned. Then Mr. Meyers struck Mrs. Han
sen and Mr. Alvin hit Mrs. Hansen'a grand
mother right in the spectacles.
After this Mrs. Alvin, Mrs. Nicholson and
another lady were standing all bunched up,
calling each other liars. I believe, Judge, that
I'm the blackest liar in Elmhurst.
"Who said that?" asked Deputy District
Attorney Samuels.
Mrs. Gray answered: "Mrs. Meyers did.
She said it after the right, when we was
all telling each other who was liars and
who wasn't."
In the course of her testimony Mrs.
Gray referred to the unpleasantness as "a
regular Muldoon's picnic."
Asked by Attorney Samuels for an ex
planation of the simile she said:
I was once at a theater where they had a
play by that name and in It was a character
BIDS FAREWELL
TO JAIL LIFE
Dudley C. Dubose Takes
Leave of Officials
and Prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. IT.
Dudley C. Dubose, who was successful
In invoking . the , law of credits so that
his six months 1 term in the County,- Jail
was reduced by thirty days,' bade farewell
to jail life at 11 o'clock this morning. By
that time the promised letter from United
States District Attorney ' Marshall B.
Woodworth authorizing the Nome attor
ney's release had' arrived and it was but
a few minutes afterward when Dubose
was walking the streets once more a free
man. The communication that- gave him
liberty, contained the following message: ¦
I Oscar Li. Itodfcors, Sheriff, Alameda' County — <
Dear Sir: . I have been advised officially by
the. Honorable Attorney General that lip con
siders persons imprisoned in the ¦ County Jail
in contempt of court entitled to .credits al
lowed by the commutation law.- Respectfully.'
MARSHALL B. WOODWORTH.
• United States .District Attorney. -
Dubose's leave • taking : was quite in
formal. His trunks and the comforts with
which he surrounded himself while a pris
oner he ordered expressed to the" Palace
Hotel in San Francisco, where he proposes
to remain for two or three weeks. • --
When he has concluded certain business
transactions in I San Francisco he will re
turn to his old home in Helena,, Montana,
to remain until the weather moderates so
that he can return to Nome to resume his
law practice. >He ¦ calls , Helena his home
because he lived there many years though
he Is unmarried and all his relatives live
in the South. 4 ¦'-: - ¦
.SPRINGFIELD, 0., Dec. 37.— Miss Eleanor
Ludlowv niece of ex-Governor Bushnell, said to
day:: "There la ¦positively no truth in the re
port: of. the engagement of Captain' Richmond
P.Hobson and myself.-. ; You will do me a favor
to denyi it and you cannot make the statement
too. emphatic." ; ' ¦¦."- | ¦ ' •¦• • :
¦ ¦^¦'¦~ ¦;..;¦' ; »? ¦ ¦ ¦ • ..
p CHICAGO. Dec. 17.— The < sensation .if the
day In the trial of Alexander Sullivan for al
leged ¦¦• conspiracy and ; jury-bribing was the af
firmation of W. A. Lynch, brother of ex-Bailiff
James . J. - Lynch. ¦ the , prosecuting > witness and
confessed • jury-briber, that he • "would not be
lieve his brother on oath." \ . '" ; ; ',.,;•.. v .¦. , .
very like somebody I know, only her hair was
red.
The story told by Mrs. Hansen, wife of
the defendant, was also interesting. She
said:
I saw Mr. Deihl cutting milkweed for his
son's rabbits. Mr. Alvin came up and said:
"Get off that grass."
Mr. Deihl said, "Show me your written right
to order me and I'll go." Then Mrs. Meyers
came up to me and said I better not hit her
like I hit her aunt last Friday. Mr. Meyers
walked up, put his flst in my face and said
lie would hit me if I hit his wife. Then he hit
at me. I ducked, but felt the wind or the
blow. I got a switch and hit him. Then
Mrs. Meyers and Mrs. Alvln tore laths from
Krandma's chicken coop and chased me Into
grandma's back yard, where Mr. Meyers Joined
them. Grandma said:
"Mr. Meyers!"
Mr. Meyers then hit grandma on the glasses.
I told him he was no man to hit an old la3y,
and he said, "It is good for her."
The case was submitted without argu
ment and in about five minutes the jury
brought in a verdict of not guilty.
Harsen was defended by Attorney Clin
ton Dodge. Attorney Samuels, for the
people, was assisted by Attorney Fred E.
Whitney.
The witnesses were: A. Nicholson, Mrs.
Nicholson, Mrs. George Deribfus, D. Al
vin, Annie Alvin, H. Meyers, Annie Mey
ers, Mrs. Casey, Peter Deihl. John Ham
ilton, Delia Deihl. William Allison, Wil
liam Olsen, Grace Hansen, Mrs. S. P.
Kelly and Susan Gray.
THEIR ROMANCE
ABRUPTLY ENDS
Pratts Separate After
Six Months of
Married Life.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 17.— Bert A. Pratt, of
3721 Railroad avenue, whose romantic
marriage to Miss Myrtle Upton at Elk
Grove on the 13th day of last June sur
prised his friends here, has given them
a second topic for gossip by publishing
a notice in which he says he will no
longer bo responsible for debts contracted
by his bride of six months, as they have
separated.
Aftor the wedding Fratt and his wife
made their home at. lSO'i Eagle avenue in
a cottage owned by him. Last night
Pratt called on Chief of Police John
Conrad and requested the officer to go
to the cottage and prevent Mrs. David
Upton, I'ratfs mother-in-law, from pack
ing up and hauling away some of tho
house furnishings, which Pratt claims as
his personal property. Conrad went to the
cottage but took no action and made no
arrests.
Pratt asserts that his mother-in-law
has destroyed his marital bliss and that
ho. will begin legal proceedings to oust
her and recover possession of his prem
ises. He further states that he will sue
for a divorce.
Pratt first met Miss Upton while tak
ing a ptroll in Pacific Grpvu one moon
iight night last June. She Was accom
panied by a mutual friend, and although
Pratt could not distinguish her features
in the gloaming, he was smitten by her
conversational accomplishments. He se
cured permission to correspond with her
and in record-breaking time the engage
ment of the couple was announced. The
wedding took place a few clays later.
Pratt has been engaged in the grocery
business with his father. J. M. Pratt, at
Grand street station. To-day father and
son dissolved partnership, the young man
retiring from the business.
Licensed to Marry.
• OAKLAND.; Dec. 17.— Licenses ; to marry
were issued* to-day, to Thomas' H. Cum
ming, ! aged 38 years, • Stockton, and l Mary
F. Kearney. 31, . Los r Angeles; .< Charles 12
Paige. 21, Shasta, and Annie • W. A - Fox, 18,
Oakland. "• .' ' : ' ¦¦'¦¦: ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ , v
¦= ' '¦: '¦'• . '¦" rr—, — ¦ » ¦„... — - — ~ ¦ .' > ¦ i-.-..¦i -.-..¦. ¦-
, Many an •; old bachelor ' proposes— to : re
main ; slngle,"SaK®|ffl^Si^^^^^gc»|Sg
WILL CONFER
WITH BRIGANDS
Officials Start to Meet
the Captors of
Miss Stone.
All Available Ransom Money
to Be Offered to
Outlaws.
PARIS, Dec. 17.— The Temps to-day pub
lished a dispatch from Constantinople
which says: "The first dragoman of the
United States legation and the secretary
of the Missionary Society will leave here
to-night with full powers to negotiate
with the brigands for the release of Miss
Ellen M. Stone, on the payment of £14,000
ransom. The meeting will occur in Turk
ish territory."
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. IT.— W. W.
Peet, treasurer of the Turkish mission in
Constantinople, accompanied by Gargiu
olo, dragoman of the United States lega
tion here, started to-night to meet the
brigands who hold Miss Stone captive. In
accordance with instructions received
from Washington they will attempt to se
cure the release of the prisoner in ex
change for the ransom money now avail
able.
It is reported that Mme. Tsllka's baby
is still alive and well.
GAMBLERS DEFENDANTS
IN PECULIAR LAWSUITS;
Firms Robbed by Employes Demand
Return of Money From Gam
ing Houses.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 17.— A series
of peculiar lawsuits arising out of the
conduct of gambling games has been be
gun in Vancouver. The Hinton Electric
Company, the largest concern of its kinci
in the province, has entered suit against
the proprietors of the Balmoral and Mint
gambling-houses for the return of $2000.
This is money alleged to have been stolen
by clerks in the employ of the Hinton
Company and by them gambled away in
the houses mentioned. The largest part
of this amount was embezzled by the late
local manager, George F. Cutler, who is
now in Portland. Cutler spent much
money and left the city when he could
not make good his shortage.
The gambling-houses claim that Cutler,
instead of being a loser, frequently won
large sums at roulette and blackjack.
They have refused to pay the claim of his
former employers, and the cases will now
be taken into the courts. Sir Hibbert
Tupper has been retained as counsel for
the plaintiff.
HERRERA BROTHERS
WIN RING BATTLES
Aurelia Gets Decision From George
Baker and Mauro Knocks Out
Billy Crawford.
FRESNO, Dec. 17.— Aurelia Herrera of
Bakersfield was given the decision at the
conclusion of the twentieth round of his
fight with George Baker, of San Jose, to
night. The contest in many respects re
sembled a foot race, Baker doing his ut
most to avoid Herrera's blows. Notwith
standing Baker's clever ducking and run
ning, he was knocked down several times,
remaining on the floor, almost the limit
of the count.
Mauro Herrera, a brother of Aurelia,
knocked out Billy Crawford of Madera
in the third round. Both contestants
showed a lack of ring science.
Decides Against Dow Heirs.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 17.— Judge Buck
of the Superior Court to-day handed down
a decision which affects property in the
center of the city of San Mateo valued at
$100,000. By the decision the title of P. P.
Chamberlain to a portion of this property
is quieted as against James Crowe, admin
istrator, and James J. Dow and Alfred W.
Dow, the latter two being son and grand
son, respectively, of William Dow, de
ceased. The decision affects fourteen oth
ers to whose lands the Dows laid claim.
Two Men Are Missing.
REDWOOD CITY. Dec. 17.— Coroner
Crowe will hold an inquest to-morrow to
determine the cause of the death of Louie
Decrouix, the young man whose body was
found in a boat at Millbrae last Friday.
As yet no clew has been received as to
the whereabouts of Decroulx's brother,
but it is supposed that he was drowned.
It is now known that a man named Meyer
accompanied the Decrouix brothers on
their clamming expedition, and it is
feared that he, too, is lost.
Children.; Room Fund Grows.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The Ebell Society
has secured $3024 75 of the $5000 which will
be necessary to furnish the children's
room in the new public library building,
according to the plans that have been
adopted.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— The death Is an
nounced of Major General (retired) Sir
Francis de Winton. He was born in 1835.
Fred Mason.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— Fred Mason. !
a well known merchant and proprietor. of
Mason's Laundry, died here this after
noon. He had recently been operated up
on in San Francisco for internal trouble.
He leaves a wife.
Domingo Zanone.
EUREKA, Dec. 17.— Domingo Zanone.
one of the wealthiest citizens of this
county, died last night in this city. He
was a native of Italy and 73 years of age.
His estate, it is believed, will aggregate
$1,000,000 in value.
Colonel Rockwell M. Thompson.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— Injuries sus
tained by falling off an electric car on the
evening of November 30, resulted in the
death to-day in this city of Colonel Rock
well M. Thompson, a veteran of the
Civil War, well known in several States.
Thomas Kelly.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 17.— Thomas
Kelly, well known from the Mississippi
River to the Pacific Ocean in stage route
days, is dead at Liberty, Mo., aged
years. In 1837, with General Thomas L.
Price, he established stage lines covering
long routes in Missouri and Arkansas.
In 1543 the firm of Price & Kelly secured
a contract from the Government for a
weekly mail delivery between Independ
ence, Mo., and Salt Lake City, and a line
of stages was put on. This firm also
owned and operated the great Santa Fe
stage line between Independence and
Santa Fe. N. M. The civil war ruined the
stage business and Kelly went to Cali
fornia and engaged in staging until the
railroads came, when he returned to Mis
souri. Several of his children live in Cali
fornia.
¦ ? ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
W S Perry Phoenix |P Wheeler, Eureka
J II Thomas & w. Cal Mrs S A Woodcock. Cal
L D Dewey, Pine Flat J T Wilkinson, Cal
T P Ryan. St Louis R Scott. St Louis
W X Keller. Denver E Keyser. Nevada
C McGhe, Gilroy L It Twede, Fresno
Mrs A MeGhe, Gilroy E S Twede. Cal
E B Ketchner. S L Ob F S Hamilton, Hollistr
R X Daniels & w. Mo W N Newport & w. 11l
< ) Jacobson, Duluth M S Newbower, Illinois
W W Morgan & w, R Harrison & w, fa I
Suginaw, Mich Mrs E Harrison, Nev
<i Buck Sulphur Crk C Hunwald. Chicago
C B Buticr. Vallejo H II Wilson. Chicago
G S Webb. Berkeley J H Bancroft. Chicago
G W young. Campb»>l Gll Mullen, Cal
W H Wilbur, Tulare A E Manual, w & son
J E Kelly, Nevada Cleveland
J C Relmers, Nebraska E (' Newton, #1 Roaa
N H Schoethamer. Cal .T Ellison, Santa Rosa
8 X Eddy. N Orleans S T Shaw. Wisconsin
J C Higby. N Orleans O C B«ther, Wiaconaia
F Kernandcz, N Orlean
TWO COUPLES
DIE TOGETHER
Quadruple Suicide Oc
curs in a Columbus
Boarding-House.
Four Young People, Three of
Whom Were Cooks, End
Life by Chloroform.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Dec. 17.— Two youn*
women and two young men were found
dead in rooms in a boarding-house at 52
East Russell street, and evidence points to
v quadruple suicide, deliberately planned.
The dead are:
PEARL WARNER, aged 28. second cook
at the Manhattan restaurant.
LOU KLINE, aged IS, third cook «t the
same restaurant.
SHERMAN LOTHOUSE, a cab driver.
JOHN JACOBS, chief cook at the Man
hattan.
The four persons went to the boardlnK
house Sunday and .secured adjoining
rooms. To-day nothing was of them,
and though the rooms remained locked
and no response could be secured to re
peated calls suspicion was not aroused
until to-night. Finally the doors to the
rooms were forced and the occupants
were discovered lying on the beds, dead.
The keyholes and cracks around the doors
had been closed with rags and the fumes
of chloroform filled the rooms, disclosing
the cause of death. It was evident that
both couples had planned suicide, but th«
motive is not known.
PEASANTS BESIEGE
A COUNT S CASTLE
Building and a Valuable Collection
of Painting Destroyed
by a Mob.
LONDON, Dec. IT.— A dispatch from St.
Petersburg says that a remarkable revolt,
alleged to be due to harsh treatment of
the peasantry, has taken place on the es
tate of Count Palen. near Mitau, twenty
live miles from Riga.
The peasantry rose in a body, besieged
the castle, set fire to it and d:uic«d
around the blazing building. The police
were powerless against the mob and
troops were summoned. The latter, how
ever, were too late to be of any service.
Everything was destroyed. Including the
valuable gallery of paintings. Count Palen
i.s a member of the Council of the Em
pire.
Former Administrator Arrested.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 17.— Thomas O.
Young, former Coroner and Public Ad
ministrator, was arrested at his home in
Healdsburg to-day upon a charge of em
bezzlement and brought to this city. It
is thought that he will have no trouble in
giving bail. Young, as administrator (t£
the estate of the late James Porter was
recently found to b£ short £2300 in his ac
counts.
UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR
SWEARS HIS ALLEGIANCE
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— Professor Frede
rick Slate, presiding instructor in physics
at the University of California, bees.me a
citizen of the United States to-day. He
successfully passed the examination to
which he was subjected by Judge Hail
and took the oath of allegiance. P-ofea
sor William Cary Jones. Instructor in the
department of physics, and Professor Pe
ter Lewis, instructor in the department
of mechanics, were his sponsors.
Professor Slate has been an instructor
at the State University for nearly twenty
live years and succeeded to the head of
his department upon the death of the late
Professor Joseph- Le Conte. He is a na
tive of England.
Leaves Entire Estate to His Wife.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The will of the
late Edward T. Henshaw, a brother of
Supreme Justice Frederick W. Hei'shaw
and of 'William G. Henshaw, president of
the Union Savings Bank, was filed for
probate this afternoon. It is olognphic.
bearing the date of May 9, 1901, and reads
as follows:
"I hereby give, will and bequeath to my
beloved wife. May R. Henshaw. all the
property, both real and personal, of which
I may die possessed. ;
"EDWARD T. HEN3HAW. '
The petition of the widow, who flies the
will, states that the estate will exceed
$10,000 in value. This is mostly represent
ed by 150 shares of the capital "stock of
the Henshaw-Bulkeley Company of San
Francisco. There are two minor children.
John Cory Henshaw. aged IS years;, and
Thomas Dale Henshaw, aged 10 years.
LONDON, Dec. .17. — The demand for the ex
tradition of H. St. John Dlx. charged with lar
¦ oeny committed In the United States and who
is accused of wrecking the Scandinavian-
American Bank "• at Whatcom, "Wash., was
granted at the Bow-street Police Court to-day .'-
NEW YORK. Dec. IT. — Announcement ! was •
ma.l* to-day that further hearing in the case
of Albert T. Patrick, who is tinder indictment
for the alleged murder of William Marsh Rice,
has been adjourned until January 3.
* KNOXVILLE. Term.. Dec. IT. — ILowell
Spence. a Pinkerton detective, to-day positively
Identified the man under arrest here as Harvey
Logan, one of the alleged Great Northern ex
cress robbers. ;
¦ ? ¦ < '.
CHICAGO, Dec. — Representatives of*
"Western I Association, roads met here to-day.
The notice of withdrawal of the Southern Pa
cific military traffic was discussed in an ."en
deavor^toi^achsomesettlement :: __ I _^i__"';
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hundreds Are Talking
ABOUT.
M alt Breakfast Food
Because It Has the Qualities of
~? a Perfect Health Food.
No other ¦ subject concerning ' home
health and economy is receiving such at-
tention as the subject of breakfast foods.
The advent of Malt Breakfast FocnI (th»
perfect health, food) has brought health,
into thousands of homes. It is the most
talked-about food in the land. It 13 spoken
of on the street, in our stores, in th&'best
hotels and restaurants . and on the great
railway lines. . Malt Breakfast Food, on
account of its exquisite dellciousness and
health producing • virtues.' stands • far
above all competing. breakfast foods. It is,
relished by old and young; even the ba-
bies love It. and thrive on. it. One pack-
age will serve thirty breakfasts. Alt gro-
cers. . I-; • . ; ,
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trad«» at reduced rate*. ' ¦',-"¦<.- "r . :
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
II A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IX VIGORA- '
tor and Nervine. -*"-•'
The : most .wonderful <tphrod>eiac and £p«cial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both aux«*. ,-.
The Mexican Remedy for .Diseases of U>» Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sella on its own merits. -
NABER, ALFS & BRl'XE. Agents.
i 123 Market at. S. T.— (Send lor Clrculirft) ;*;
910
SAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Third streets: open
t!*fil It c" clock every night in the year.
BRANCH omCES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
tCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C9 McAllU'er street; open until 8:S0 p. m.
85 Lerkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1H1 M1&&1OD ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
SCI Msrkf street, corner Sixteenth; open
criil • p. in.
lf« Eleventh etr*»t open until $ p. m..-. .'■
1CW Valencia street . open until 9 p. m.
Northwest oorner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
aoo Flllmore street; open until » p. m. -*
MEETING SOTICES. .
SCOTTISH RiteDrllf Corps rf* r*.
will meet THIS EVENING /6\MPL^K
at the Mechanics' Pavilion at
S o'clock. AJ1 Scottish Kite . fV£k4^W4SH|
Masons are Invited to at- £jT ft if ■? -~W
tend. By order \j _*£&&_,-_.
GEO FILMEPs Captain.
r. v. KF.mn.TSG. Acting **$2*5k
Adjutant. - -
ORDER Eastern Star^ — Members of Gold- W#
en Gate Chapter No. 1 are requested to^qg^
attend the funers-lof our late 6lster, W
JENNIE A. DALEY, from Chapter
Hall. 629 Sutter St., WEDNESDAY, Decem-
ber IS. at 1 :30 p. m. By order of the Worthy
Matron. KATHERINE JOHNSON.
Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. F. o *dW^J>
—A full attendance desired THIS sSl^afe
December IS. In-
itiatlon and other very important w/«\v>
business. Visitors cordially Invited.
J. H. BRAMSTEDT, N. O.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. L ,^-i%I~
O. O F. — Initiation THURSDAY •^2sSa»Si
EVENING. December 19. 1801. of
&t least ten candidates. Visitors • *«»«♦
and members are cordially invited.
T. C. MARTIN. N. Q.
J. J. DE HAVEN, Recording Secretary.
ALEMANIA Lodge No. 8. K. P., Pyth^ 2>C
ian Castle. 909 Market st. — Page and J*A
K_nigiit ranlts WED. EV r E.\'DCG, 2£?6-**>
Dec 18, 8 o'clock. All knlchts in- M_£»&
vlted. A. N. COLTER. C. C.
NATIONAL UNION, Call- aA&S&**—«>.
fornia. Council, meets TO- '
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. '
Fourth Et., at S o'clock (In ™*
Us new hall). Visiting friends cordially In-
vited. By order
W A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN I~ _.>_.
and B. Society — All officers JvfTn
and members of the above so- TgpF iii
dety are hereby notified to at- vpSSC?'*
tend their «"Ti"»J and regular i%v«W<£
meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) W-WSjfcS
EVENING, December 18. at Kv/Sn£k.Q
7:30 o'clock sharp, at 909 Mar- 'fe&SlaBffi'
ket Bt.. to elect new officers for xj-ggsi^
the ensuing year (1902). New
amendment to the constitution
and by-laws will be read before the eociety
for the third and last time, and other Im-
portant business will be transacted at the-
e&me time. Fine for non-attendance will be
strictly enforced. By order of
S. T. GEEUNOVICH. President.
BPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society — Offl- . . .».
cers and members, attend your next K*£Ka
regular m*etlnc WTDXESDAY *?Sw>ja?
EVENECG. Dec. 18. 1901. at 7:30 JWggS
Eharp. Donations and appropria-
tions. Eleotion of officers for the ensuing
year and other important business. Each
and every brother is expected to be pres-
ent. By order of
M. SCANATICH. President.
DE "WITT W- TOLL. Rec. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house. 801
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
- for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business es may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary. '
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
AGEXTS WAyTED.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1067 Market st.. room 1.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. C32 Market et.— Roofs,
eifiewalks. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2331.
ATTORNEYS AT LATW
ADVICE free;divorceE a specialty; quick. «ruiet;
no charge without (success ; established IS yrs.
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 31SL
G. W. HOWE. toO Market gt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private ; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments ; mortgages; bills of sale:
partners!) 1 ps : deeds ; wills drawn ;f ees !{>w ; open
cve'e. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 6th.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ct.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sule or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
AN experienced woman wants 1 or 2 children
to board. 612 Treat ave.. nr. Nineteenth Bt.
BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 295«.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 1427 Market gt.. S. F.
BIREAP TRCXK.S.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
price*. Factory and salesroom. E26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A^tioooT BALOON. about 20 fectfrom Call
building: rent $125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^j Kearny Bt. ,
A — $1000; PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen Etore close to Market St.; good busi-
ness: only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26}£ Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
Et.; rent $25; place establ. many years and
doing a good business; value in eight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest locatloin In the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S»4 Kearny.
A — $800; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab-
llEbed years; first- class paying; located close
to Chronicle bldg; bargain; call soon. R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a.
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A— $300; SALOON including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business ; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2G% Kearny Bt.
A— $000; SALOON, Sansome St.; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
Tor particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; CORNER ealoon on Sixth st.; rent $60
net; good- paying business; no better location
on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearry et.
STENBERG CO.. 759 Market et. —
Phone Black 5491.
• Buys and tWls real estate, furniture, lodging
houses, restaurants, business chances. Phone
calls promptly answered. -.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS. .
$1100 — CONFECTIONERY and candy factory,'
Rearing $300 monthly; sickness compels sale.
,^!~ Cigar 8tore - est - 30 *»•: living rms.
•■™°r~ Candy Slore « E »'s st.: central location.
STEXBERG CO.. 759 Market st.
$2000— DRUG store; invoice $1800; doctor will
pay rent; lease 1% years; clears $200 per
month; near Market st.; on a busy street;
fine location. DECKER. 921 Market Et. !
CIGAR stand $75; rent $10; can make a good
ilTiJif ' rartner wanted in a good chophouse.
DECKER, »21 Market Ft.
$•"•50 — BARBER Ehop. Sixth st. near Market- 4
chairs; 3 runnings DECKER. 821 Market st.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to
each partner. Call 935 Market ft., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price $450- call and
investigate. 935 Market st.. room 14.
HEALT & HENDERSON, phone James 277L
6 Eddy 6t., rooms 18 and 19
Hotels, restaurants, ' lodging-houses, grocery
r tores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases
Money to loan on any of the , above. " ;
PARTNER wanted with small capital in sa
loon; clears $80 to S»0 each; low rent and
long lease. Miles & Co.. 927 Market, rm. 208.
$550— RESTAURANT, Market .st.; ifs a little
mint; clears $100 month; big snap; must sell
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg.
PARTNER— Real estate, brokerage and lnsur-
ance; eetab. Cal. Buf. Assn. SC5% Market Et.
$1500— WANTED— Partner in retail mamT-
facturlng business; will clear $150 each per
month; previous experience unnecessary
Cox 2144. Call. *'
CANDY etore and factory, with living room
for cale; account Illness. 2474 Mission' st. '
GROCERY and bar; a choice corner to-day at
a bargain. Box 2147. Call. . -
FOR Bale — A Call newspaper route of 600
names. Inquire telephone Kate 2047.
BrSINRSS CHAXCES--rn''t»wn>a. 1 ._ j
A CLOSE corporation, doing a wholesale and j
manufacturing business and well rated in, j
Dun's and Bradstreet's. requires a few thou- j
sand dollars additional capital;/ guarantees
8 per cent; will probably earn 20 per cent;
investments of $100 or over received. Box
2145. Call. -
BEST opportunity ever offered — Requiring from
$100 to $1000 for purchase of profitable busi-
ness located l» Pacific Coast States, Philip-
pines, China,, vapan, Hawaiian Islands, Alas-
ka,' guaranteed expenses to point of location.
Apply 20 O'Farrell St., room -, between 10
a. m. and 5 p. m.
15 WON $32 last week — Expert system ;■ safest
and best devised; advisory bulletin issued
dally. Particulars National Turf Agency,
105 Ellls fit .
FOR sale — A flrst-class candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of sickness.
Apply 304 O'Farrell, bet. Taylor'and Mason.
ESTABLISHED fruit etore, doing cash busl-
ness; two teams; selling on account of ill
health. Box 2788, Call office.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER, 124 Myrtle St.,
Santa Crur, Cal. ' ■
FOR sale— A good planing' mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg, Cal .
$200 — TAILOR ehop: must be sold at once ac-
count departure. Box 2800, Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
(250 — FOR sale; good will and fixtures of sa-
loon: a bargain. Apply 107 Minna st.
$700— HALF Interest In manufacturing busi-
ness; wholesale and retail. 257 Fourth st.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth st. '
LODGING-HOUSES F.OR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
86 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
33 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 2000
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
30 rooms; elegant; owner sick 2200
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
44 rooms; fine yard 3000
£0 rooms ; on . Kearny 1400
IS rooms; rent- $50; sickness 1250
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
10 rooms ; downtown 700
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
26 rooms; on Kearny 1400
23 rooms; clears $100 : 050
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
60 rooms; clears $350 S600
54-room corner house 4000 I
10 rooms; on Eddy st... " S50
18 rooms; on Third st 950
24 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
33 rooms; best in the city 2000
60 rooms ; sure to clear $300 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A— Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
9 r. : resr>ec table; Installments; central. .. .$250
10 r.; installments; respectable; house full. 300
28 r.; Installments; permanent and .tran-
sient; rent $60; clears $90 mo.; bargain.. 600
14 r. ; boarding-house; income $159 over rent;
brand new; part cash, part in payments. 1300
15 r.;one floor;sunny;swell location; strictly
lst-class; splendid surroundings ; porcelain
baths; marble steps; steady roomers;
clears $58 per mo. ;leavlng city ;part cash. 1300
38 r.: a central, fashionable family hotel;
elegant furnishings; full; clears $175.
46 r. ; Sutter St.; fine; clears $217 a month.
20 r. ; installments; clears $30 mo. over rent.1000
24 r.; rent $40; Installments; clears $63.... 900
80 r. ; fine, sunny corner house; bargain... .2600
A CHRISTMAS PRESENT A
FOR YOU FOR YOU FOR YOU
60 rooms; central; transient; rent $200.. $4300
30 rooms; hew house; running water
every room; rent $80 1600
15 rooms; bonton; only $300 cash 900
20 rooms; rent $40; business street.... 800
14 rooms; a snap; rent $45.'. '900
40 rooms; new house; new fur.; rent $75.
10 rooms; fine new sunny flat 1200
25 rooms; sunny corner; rent $90 2200
17 rooms; a money-maker; rent $60.... 900
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
We'll loan you all money needed to buy these
or. any house in city. .
DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market st Telephone Davis 281.
DO YOU WANT A LODGING-HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r. ; brand new; G. G. ave.; part cash. $550
11 r. ; corner; offices; part cash; §10 monthly.
15 r. ; corner; near Powell st $900
17 r. ;rent $30; reduced to 450
20 r. ; brand new furniture; modern bldg.
20 r.; must sell; make offer;- see thisl
28 r. ; apartment house; corner $2500
18 r. ; rent only $50; payments 850
65 r.; finest corner in city; we have It.
A FEW SAMPLER OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; S50 cash, bal. paymts.$150
8 rooms; well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
2S rooms: clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner: clears $600 S500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO.. '
650 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list cf bargains.
C2 r.; low rent; best house in city; never
changed hands; income $600; Investigate.
53 r. : total expenses $175; apartments. ...$3250
36 r. ; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
33 r.; rent 5150; part offices; good house.. 1800
26 r.; rent $90; clears $100; good fur 1800
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 850
11 r.: Jones residence; nice home C50
7 r. ; rent $J5; modern flat; reduced 375
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market St., rooms 1 and
2— Workingmen's houses, 32 rooms $400, 100
rooms $1500, . 120 rooms $2000. all full and
money-makers: transient. 23 rooms, all light,
near Market, $1550; must sell, 22 front rooms,
Kearny et., $1800; good houses; 50 more
houses. Call and Investigate and If suited
make an offer.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Lodging-houses. Lodging-houses.
CLEAR TITLE.
Money to loan at lowest Interest.
SEE LIST 200 HOUSES.
BRANDON BROS.. 993 Market, rooms 1-2.
$2000 — 44-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished: situated on very busy corner; 10 bay-
. windows: reason, owner is sick; we have also
PO others: kpp us before you buy. MILES &
CO.,. 927 Market st., room 208.
A — NOTICE^ — We . have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms: all rented;
rent $35; good location. DECKER, 921 Markt.
$650 — 16 ROOMS: nicely furnished housekeep-
ing: rented: payments. fiGS'^ Market, r. I. '
/ SPIRITUALISM,
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue'., Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m., 60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. }1;
letter. *2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellls car.
AHENDO — Materializing seance to-night; full j
. light;. 8 p. m.; 50c. .1304 Post, nr. Franklin. J
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance, this ;
evening; 50c. 325 Ellis st.
BROCKWAY'S seance to-night. 25c. 1052 Ellis
St., between Franklin and Gough. i
A— PROF. GEE,' 10S Sixth Et. ; satisfactory j
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c. '
MME. THYES. removed 993 Market; all receive i
tests Sun., Tues., Thurs., 8 p. m. ; prlv. read. ;
Mrs. Valeen. automatic writing; palmist, clalr.; '
succeeds when others fail. 1C83 Mrkt, nr. 12th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, ?35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
< • CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and ;
Jcnow thy future and prospects for lftO2.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers'- quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will. mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
■ how to control or influence any one you love'
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms, 13, 14, first floor. ■ / '
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's. ;
MME M. BERNARD, ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
1 love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
2Sc up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
.- ket et.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
,26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
- anteed by mall; : send - stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
CLAIR VO YAXTS— Continned.
A— LINCOLN. CLAJRVOYANt! ~*
HIGH PSYCHIST.
' The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS,
just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have been to, wo convince all. 607
Kearny st., parlors 1. 2, 3. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
' diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 60c,
gent? $1; palm, and clalr. sit. II 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Bills; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 60c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS, 1206 Market— Suite ' 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
lngs. (I & S2; readings by mail; satlsfac. guar.
MME. LAROSE, 777% Market St., room 21;
gifted clairvoyant; card reader; 25c; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Loulslanai
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., near 4th.
MME. WINZOLA, medium, palmist and mag-
netlc treater; read, dally. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c; gents 60c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MISS LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c, 50c. 168 Tehama St., off 3d.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles,
. 25c; gents, 50c; no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $L 519% Leavenworth st., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
' has removed from 222 Eddy to 407- O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; lay ins* ;
.cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301 ; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlns "Works — Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st.;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works : prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating . Works. G. H.
STEVENS Mgr., 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.'
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
; chiropodists] ~~
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
ropodist, indorsed by med.prof'n. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; 6th
floor; 916 Market st. ; advics free. TeL Bush
19«; able body of attorneys. ■
DENTISTS^ \\
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINs7^2T^8JkeTst?, Enuna.
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other all-
Ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience ; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up;plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., den-
tlst, room 24. 14 McAllister st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. \t
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set. of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. . • DR. H. o!
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
DR.R.L.WALSH,815% Geary.nr.Larkin^— Paln-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. - 1019 Market St.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
_______
SECOND term night school for men,' Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
- course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course $4; classes in algebra, Anglo-Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
merclaj law, electricity, elocution, English,
iree-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOT, Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration,- construe-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S..F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $00 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
. lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. .
MEKRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand,' typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec:, mlning.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beglnners.college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
. associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping 'and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor, and voice
builder; Italian method. Concert and ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st.
A — Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st.; board;
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo. ;coach.
VIOLIN, mandolin, -guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
. teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-.
. pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, '814 Geary st.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
! ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. 8. F.;
1 founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free..
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waltrs furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA.1233 Page. cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of , all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,' Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
AN experienced dressmaker will accept a 'few
more engagements In families, $1 25 per day;
competent in cutting and fitting ladles and
chlldren'g clothes. 1237 Webster, near Ellis.
WANTED— Position to do general housework
by a young Swedish girl In a Email Ameri-
can family; wages $15 a month. Address
2141. Call office.
COMPETENT young woman wishes a position
. to do' cooking- or second work In a small
family; wages $20 to $25; best references.
Address E. F:, 1532 Willow St., Alameda.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation doing general
housework and cooking. Please call at 24
'Moss st., j between Folsom and Howard. i
COMPETENT young woman wants work by
the day, washing and house-cleaning; refer-
ences. Box A, 300 Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
general housework; good cook. Apply 617
Ninth st., Oakland. ■
MIDDLE-AGED woman with good references
wishes position as cook; wages $25 to $30.
1022 Larkin st. -
LADY composMfcr wants a^ situation; perma-
• nent or temporary. Address, box 2142, Call.
YOUNG woman for general housework. 16
Verona place, between Folsom and Harrison.
WOMAN can do German or American cooking;
flrst-class references. Box B. 300 Hayes st.
RELIABLE woman wishes place in a small
• family; references; no cards. Call 28 Capp.
WANTED — A situation by an elderly lady to
do housework in a private family (Ameri-
can). Apply 620 Folsom Bt. • ■
.A YOUNG lady would like a place to do up-
stairs work and wait at table. Address 418
Valencia st.
TOUNG lady art student would like orders for
menu tally, name cards or anything in tnat
line. Box 2117. Call. ■ '
COLORED woman: flrst-claes cook; flrst-class
reference; city. Address 253 Jessie st.
DRESSMAKING — A perfect fitter on ladies'
tailoring and evening suits wants engage-
ments; $1 50 per day. 244 Taylor Bt
NURSES— 2 young women between 20 and 30
years of age. of good health and morals. For
particulars apply 1051 Market Et., Oakland.
WETNURSE — A healthy woman of 30, having
a healthy baby 1 month old, wishes position
as wetnurse. Apply 1051 Market St.", Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Marr
ket— 200 rooms; 25-: to $1 50 peT night; $1 50
to $6 week: convenient and respectable: free
' bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SOBER young man of 25 wants work of any
kind or would work in packing-house or
machine shop; 8 years" experience In dried
fruit; good referencea. Box 2106, Call.
A YOUNG man of good habits, aged 24,
stranger in the city, wants a position in a
shoe store; references; willing to work for
reasonable wages. Box 2134, Call. _'
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Box 2633, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS character impersonator and
singer would like few engagements . for clubs
or entertainments; elegant costumes. Box
2143. Call.
GERMAN young man, honest, can speak, read
and write German and English, wishes a po-
sition in a grocery store or drive delivery
, wagon. Call 413 .Minna Bt. .
WANTED— A position by a sober young man
of good appearance ; can drive and make him •
self generally useful. Box 2133, Call.
YOUNG man would like to keep the books and
finances of some establishment that needs a
hustler; will furnish bond. Box 2132. Call.
POSITION wanted by young man in grocery
store; 6 years' experience; best of references.
Box 2131. Call. »__
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
dishwasher. Address WILL WALL, 247
Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED and educated man wishes to
take care of sick persons or act as companion
to' Invalid; references. Box 2153, Call.
A NAVY graduate would like to run stationary
engine or shoe machine. Address B., 1941
Mission st.
A. — GERMAN middle-aged barkeeper or waiter.
Box 2135, Call.
BARBER, experienced, . wants Job; anything.
See McJACK, 212V& Clara st.
BAKER, steady man on bread, wants place as
first or second. ' JEF, 1529 Washington at.
COACHMAN— Young man, thoroughly under-
stands care of carriages, harness and horses
and their proper treatment and a reliable
driver; best of references from most reliable
■ families. Address box 2121. Call.
COACHMA'N desires situation in private fam-
. Uy; experienced, steady man; uses no tobac-
co, city and country references. Box 2119,Call.
WANTED — Position by steady, active, capable
man, not afraid of work. In office or other-
wlse; good references. Box 2126, Call.
YOUNG German wants a position; willing to
do any kind of work. 315% Jessie st. '
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 2541. Call.
BARBER (first class) wants steady Job. Ad-
dress box 2118, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
references; reasonable wages. T. D., 21%
Harrison ave., off Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
FACTORY FOR RENT.
FOR rent for a term ot years — 2-story factory;
657-659 Bryant St., bet. Fourth and Fifth;
with power and machinery; suitable for any
. kind of woodworking plant. Apply to en-
gineer on premises. • -
FINANCIAL.
P^VclF!c~C^a&r~U™nrwrit^^
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
. porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted ■ and ' financed, stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted: gold |
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post St. '
FLATS TO LET. *
1909 OAK st. is a large, commodious flat of 7 j
rooms, facing Golden Gate Park; rent $37 50;
■ all modern Improvements, decorated walls
and frescoed ceilings; this flat Is tastefully,
; furnished and the furniture Is for sale. Please ]
■ call between 12 and 3 o'clock only. ' j
MODERN flat; 6 rooms; marine view. 28
i Pleasant st., nr. Sacramento, above Taylor.
O'FARRELL, 1035— Modern flat" (5 sunny I
rooms, bath, yard and basement; reasonable. I
VALLEJO, 1220, bet. Hyde & Leavenworth —
Cottage, fiat 4 rms.; yard; marine view; $12.
$S— UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27
Pearl St.. off Market, near Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds o7Tiousehold~BOodsT
1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A.. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellls St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market*.
" GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS . present — Danicheff glove order;
factory prifw guar.: k<»r>t in repair. 121 Grant. !
WAMED— FEMALE.
A— MRsTm] E. DAY" &~ CO. . Phone MaVn 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $35; 6 waitresses, city and
country, $20, $25; restaurant waitress, very
choice ; place, country, $6 and room; 2 cham-
bermaids, country, $25 and $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, ■ $20; Scandinavian woman
• cook, few boarders, $40 to $50 '.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German or Swedish cook, $30, see lady here;
second girl, 2 in family, $20; housegirl, Napa,
$30; housegirl, Alameda, good home, $25;
many other choice places
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ...335 Geary st.
WANTED— Working girls and women; the S.
F. Hairdresslng College teaches you in 3
hairdreBslng, manicuring, facial mas-
•sage, dyeing, bleaching; eve. classes; positions
secured; more calls for help than we can fill;
. entire course $5. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
EXPERIENCED hands on children's caps,
hacs and sun bonnets; steady work; good
wages. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome.
' GERMAN girl or lady for housework and take
care of 2 children; no cooking or dishwash-
ing; $15. 311% Montgomery ave.
JIELP^ WANTEp-—FEMA^^--^onu^
WANTED — i Cooks, small wash, $25, $30 ; .4
second girls, $20, $25; chamberwork and sew-
ing, $20; 0 hotel and restaurant waitresses,
$0, $8 week; housework, 2 In family, $30;
nurseglrl, (15; housework, Alameda. 4 in
family, $25; housework of all descriptions in
Oakland. Alameda. San Rafael and city;
- places to numerous to mention. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
______ ' • _
EMPLOYES Standard Shirt Faotory— Work
- has been resumed in all departments.
V ■:,'■■■ E= ' ' • '■
ATTENTION!
ATTENTION!
ATTENTION!
200 experienced operators and a number of
- young girls to learn at Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, corner Gough and Grove sts., at once.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GIRL to mind 2 children; wages $12;. sleep
home. The "Waldemar, 300 Baker St.
WANTED— Salesladies for retail store; give
experience. . Box 2146, Call office.
GIRL to take care of baby. 1134 Ellis st.
WANTED — Finishers and apprentices on cus-
tom coats. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
GENERAL housework; small family: $20. Ap-
ply mornings or after 4 p. m.. 2967 Howard.
A VACANCY to be filled at once by woman cf
ability; permanent position. Box 2152, Call.
WAITRESS wanted. 1191 Market st.
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
Apply Immediately at 1143 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED waitresses, arm work; also
girls to learn. 725 Market st.
WANTED — Good sewer; also apprentice for
dressmaking. 120Vi Hayes St..
GIRLS wanted— Bookbindery, 530 Clay st.
25 HANDSOME young girls wanted for con-
cert hall, 5251^ Pacific Bt.; none under 13
need apply; 7:30 p. m.
YOUNG girl to assist with housekeeping. 547
Jessie Bt.. .
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 3 BrooS-'st.,
over 738 Market st., room 5.
WANTED — A neat girl for second work; must
know how to sew. 1180 O'Farrell st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at 1095
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE. .
AT C. R. HANSKN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work Free fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
20 header and cornermen $2 Z>0 a. day
20 drillers • $2 25 a day
20 muckers $2 a day
SHIP TO-DAY .....
Free fare » . . Free fare
4 farmers for orchard • work, $20, see boss
here; 0 farmers, same ranch, $20
Blacksmith for a ranch, $2 a day and board;
blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day......
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, hotel. $40 to $50; neat young
v German barkeeper, country, $40 and board;
butcher, country shop, $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
ED FARRAR, the hotel clerk, please call or
communicate with C. R. HANSEN & CO..
- 104 Geary st. ■
A — MURRAY & READY... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
NEW R. R. WORK
10 teamsters. R. R. work... $2 and $2 25 day
3 machinists, 9 hours a day..
2 men to clear land, see bo"ss here
Catholic choreman, institution. . .$20 and M
Choreman, private place $20 and found
Slack cooper; 5 block makers; tunnel man,
$2 foot, see boss here; farmer, $35, see boss
here; 10 farm hands and plow teamsters. $20
and $30; 3 nrunera ,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT „
German waiter, country hotel, $30; mess boy,
$18; cook and wife, S60; pantryman, $25;
cake baker, $35; 5 cooks, waiters, etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A. J. HUBBARD, choreman, please report.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener; colored stableman
and driver; farmer and wife, $35; creamery
man and wife, $45; 10 block makers, $2 50
day; bootblack for country, $10 week; 8 tie-
makers, 10c to 14c; wood choppers, $1 25
cord; carriage' blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day;
3 men for grubbing, $20 and found; cooks,
waiters and others. ' J. F. CROSETT &
CO. , C2S Sacramento st. ■ .
AT W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
Man about place and wife for private fam-
ily, country, $40,' see party at office; house
porter, country hotel, $20; house servant for
family, country, ?25, see boss here; driver
for milk wagon $30; working ranch fore-
man, $35; mess boy. Government Job, $20.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Kitchen hand and wash dishes for delicates-
sen department, $6 a week, no Sunday work;
vegetableman. $15 and found; choreman, pri-
vate place; man and wife for roadhouse, min-
ing county, $50; German to help In a res-
taurant, $5 a week; butler, $50, etc.
WANTED — Ship Draftsman-ln-charge. A com-
petitive examination will be held at the Navy
Yard, Mare Island. Cal.. January 2, 1902. for
ship draftsman-in-charge at $7 04 per diem.
For application -and further information ap-
ply to Commandant, Nay/ Yard, Mare Island,
Cal. .
WANTED — Associate In established paying
business; no previous experience necessary to
the right man; rare opportunity. Box 2154,
Call office.
WANTED — Carriage woodworker and all-round
man. 265 Stevenson st., or Bay View Car-
riage Factory, San Rafael.
WANTED — Steady, clean waiter for every
night, theater watch, and Sunday all day; $5
per week. Ill Larkin st. ...
A FIRST-CLASS ' proofreader; also a copy
! holder; experience necessary for both.
BRUNT. Linotype dept., 537 Clay st.
AN experienced wrapper 'wanted for fancy
■ goods store. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Mark.it.
TO tailors — A good bushelman wanted; steady
work. J. GORDAN, 1124 Market st.
COOK wanted at 330 -Main st.
BUSHELMAN wanted at HENRY HILP'S,
1C6 Battery st ; call early. '
WANTED — Partner In barber shop with small
capital; downtown location. Apply Call ofilce.
A TAILOR wanted on custom coats ; r.teadz
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
BOY about 16, run errands, deliver packages;
■ wholesale house. Box 2151, Call.
BOY for plumbing shop. Call between 7:30
and 8:30, 623 Davis st.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $73
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St., room 1.
YOUNG man to make himself useful In oyster
house. Call 0 a. m., S.E. cor, 24th & Folsom.
LUNCH waiter. 17 Washington st.
1 A GOOD washer wanted. Call early. 611 Mc-
' Alllster, basement.
WANTED — A man who understands pruning;
near the city.,- Palace of Art, 16 Post st.
FOR SALE — 1-chalr barber shop; cheap. Box
2787. Call. . ,-
WANTED — Men of good appearance to solicit
. and collect. Apply bet. 12 and 1, . WM. W.
LYON, 405 Montgomery st.
WANTED — 10 basalt block makers. Applyvto
C. S. HARNEY, room 215, Clunie building;
. hours 1 to 3 d. m. -; .
WANTED — Smart young man who understands
Gordon press and type cases. MOISE, 320
Sansome st. . ; ' J'-- '—.
WANTED — Good cooper on sugar j barrels;
steady .work. Inquire 847 Florida st
MAN, general house and kitchen work, $10 mo.,
board and room. Villa Mlramar, Ocean blvrd.
WANTED — Tailor on .coats. .3 Brook St., over
*j38 Market st., room 5.
WANTED — A' young butcher. People's Market
2590 Market st. . ,
1 ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop In- country ;■ fine place for man
and wife. Inquire at WILL & FINCK'S.
ABLE solicitors can earn J100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
, the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st.
HELP WANTED— -MALE— Con.^
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet i inches and' not over 6 feet 1
Jnch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House 217 Third St.; 15O largs
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Carriage woodworker and all-round
man. 265 Stevenson St., or Bay View. Car-
rlage Factory. San Rafael.
TOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogrua
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION*atty., E. A. BulHs, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Fast com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting: 2So
to 50c. 663 Mission St.. bet. ■ 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25a night; reading rooms;
freo 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103«
Valencia st.
HORSES AND • WAGOXS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sals
Wednesday. Dec. 18. at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
• cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. •<•
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAK-
VILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth St.
FOR SALE — $300; gentle, sound, stylish saddle
horse; five gaits; very fast single-footer.
GABLE, 2 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— One horse 7 years old; $25; black
mare. 1S03 Halght st.
A GOOD horse; $25. 8O4 Vallejo St.. near
Powell, m
FULL line German Government horses always
n hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
SOME tine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard at. ■ .
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEK & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — 2 pass books with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In tha
names of IDA \V. ANKELE and JOHN H.
ANKELE; Nos. 194-807, 210-903. The finder
will please return to bank. ■;
GOLD watch; monogram A. S. Return to 643
Market St., care Eastman Kodak Company;
reward. _^_____
LOST — Leather memorandum pocket-book, 12th)
lnst. Please return io er notify J. J. SMITH,
Stockton. Cal.
LOST— A small brown water spajsiel: bitch;
license on. Reward if returned to H. MUR-
RAY, cor. Powell and California aves., city.
LOST — St. Bernard pup; black collar: scar
front left leg. 24S9 Jackson st.; reward.
LOST — 2 male fox terrier pups. Reward if
returned to 844 Alvarado at.
LOST — Large fox terrier, with red collar, an-
swers to name "Jack," nr. Corona, Sonoma
Co., Cal Notify A. VON HADELN, 1601
Powell St., city; suitable reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 41S% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
et. ; tel. Bush 421. ,
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialise My
- medicines have been used for -many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell st.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, In midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement. $15; room and board, $5; infants
■ adopted; will take two to work at my private
residence, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st., near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
NURSE — Confinement cases a specialty; Al
references; $15; calls answered at once. Ad-
dress MRS. E. M. GEE, 508% Fifteenth St..
St. Elmo, Oakland.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25 yrs.'
successful experience In S. F. Maternity
Home. 906 Market, opp. 4th. , _. M
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposlta
Union pquare: all diseases cured bv herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE^
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
A TRIUMPH of art Is the 18-karat gold, stem-
wlndlng. diamond jeweled, fly-back, split-
second, stop watch, striking the hours and
minutes; perfectly new; the finest made; cost
$800; offered for 3 days for $340. At M AN-
NIE'S, 32 Stockton st.
AUCTION sale, Dec. 18, 10 a. m. — About 200
Government wagons, pumps, boilers, en-
gines, elevators, machine shop tools, etc.;
write for list. J. C. BAKER, 410 Third st..
Oakland.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Sets.
• UYEDA CO.. 422 nnd 42t Gearr at.
FOR sale — A fine oak office with bevel plate
glass and grill work; also a lot of fine shelv-
ing; offers solicited; closing out sale. San
Francisco Shoe House. 931 Market st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
WATER and lead pipes, faucets and zinc bath
tubs, 300 gallon redwood tank and heatef;
all In good order: cheap. 50 Steuart st.
TWO dogs for sale; genuine Llewellyn setters
4 months old, at P. H. HINK'S 17 City
Hall ave.
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch
dog or for boy and cart, $25. 110 Twenty-
ninth st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. - Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St., upstairs.
A-*3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. \\ 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
Al FRESH young cow; calf 1 day; halfbreed
. Jersey and Holstein; gentle. ' 83 Shotwell st.
A 14-KARAT solid gold Howard watch worth
$150. for $60. .M ANNIE'S, 32 Stockton st.
BULL terrier pups cheap. 217 Tehama st.
THE Dumond violin collectionT rarest specl"-
men, -on sale 2 to 0 dally. Rm. 4, 126 Ellis.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815, worth $250 only
$90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton' st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50 Port"
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. '
2 Vr^ CH J Ul } d «sa s uU case> lea ther lined $5
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanrlne etn"
MERIGAN,. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson ' 1321]
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all m^es. at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg-y!
NEW and 2nd boilers, engines, puraos
pipe end supplies. , H. S. White, 518 Mission.'
0^ 13 carrled la ' tock -
E rBURKE? d 13^°Bea 8 le 8 / t . C0nd - hand nxacblnery.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR »/ -.IB— Cm*.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 21* California t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern eni;ines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. » Btevenaon.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone*
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kenrny »t.. rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWEKDT, 821 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOBtt
Valencia st.
WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good pricsa for old seal-
skins. Address at once box 1205. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tsl. Folsom 2523.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1191.
BIO prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MOJSEYjrq i
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
S4.500.0C»> at lowest rates ........
...... on first and s«cond mortgage* .......
Life Interests in estates
Property being held ta trurt
Undivided interests In real estate .....
..Life insurance policies, estates In probat*..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
.. If You Need lion jy ............
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6% & 6 per cent In sum* to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurar.ee and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undlTld««l la.
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red G024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgage*. .........
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN «
24 Montgomery st., room 3
AXY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE B. OLSKN*.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia. Loan
Of gee. 9 Grant ave., nr. Mkt.; toL Black B471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortsrages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount; lowest rates; open ev«nin«"s 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market ct. room 618.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant **•.. sew
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtalX/
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low,
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stom, 840 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianoa, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, ate. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby, 28 Montgomery et.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Rxanv.nsr building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldjr., S01 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy t ernes: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
3% OX furniture and pianos; $13 up; no re-
moval; open evenings. Room SL, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commis.; confidential. Whlteheail, 1710 Mrkt.
OX salaries, X. 1 Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. S02 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. 'Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
musical ixstucme:ws.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co. ; solo
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments; big allowance for old
pianos; rents $2 up allowed.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
Our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1. We are* now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods. Amon;j them art)
the following Immense bargains:
1 small upright, mahogany $39
1 smalt upright, walnut ?:>.:
1 small upright, black case $145
6 Chickering upright3 from !?125 to $325
4 Stelnway uprights from S185 to $o00
2 Hallet & Davis uprights $.325 and $6.10
5 Conovers. uprights $150, $225 and $325
2 Sohmer uprights $165 and $105
2 Webers $35 and $175
And many others; you name the terms.
Open evenings during this sale.
Bright, aggressive and competent men to
learn to sell our pianos In every town of th»
Pacific Coast.
nEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ORGANS from $35 to $1000. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post St.
FREE concert at BYRON MAUITTS every
afternoon and evening. Cecllian Piano Player.
308 Post st.
HALLETT & DAVIS.. $35
Raven & Bacon 60
Weber ioo
Chickering 125
Dunham 15O
Fleischer 175
Arlon 200
BYRON MAUZY, SOS Post st.
CHRISTMAS bargains: slightly used high-
grade pianos:
Stelnway $350
Lester ; 350
Byron Mauzy 850
Sohmer 400
Sohmer Baby Grand e5O
BYRON MAUZY. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
A GOOD thing to recollect Is this: We do not
reckon a sale complete unless the customer
gets all he Is entitled to. We give a perfect.
sound and undamaged new piano for les«
money than is often asked for patched up
and made over Instruments, worked off under
all sorts of disguises. It is much better to
get a reliable new piano that Is known, than
a "bargain" that ia good only for the time
being. Our pianoa or customers are not
"wrecked." Ask about our new plan of
$1 50 per week. We sell Wlssnur, Decker
6 Son. Baumelster. Steger and Singer pianoa.
Call and see us — open evenings. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Markut st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock
, both new and second-hand. Is the largest went
of Chicago and includes the moat rellabl»
makers to choffse from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 pei- month: nome gooj
pianos for J3,»J4 and $3 per month. SHEA-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter rta., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 op.
Second-hand square pianos from iZO up.
Second-hand organs from I2S up; new upright
pianos from *175 up. BENJ. CtrRTAZ A
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
A Hamlln. Vote. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85; slx-octav»
Mason & Hamlln organ. $35; Stelnway
square. $100; elegant burl walnut Camsron
upright, used only few months. $275: Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price ai-^
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 185a
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new hlgh-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (tn-
stallmenta): open evenlnsrs until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st. -
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. S33 MARKET.
PLVNOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
OUR pianos, the leadins makers: price $100
upward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th ft Church.
UNEEDA piano for the holidays; rent one;
total cost $5. 560 Hayes st.
A STEINWAY upright; must be soil: no rea-
sonable offer refused. Box 2150. Call.
FOR SALE — Weber, nearly new; party must
have some cash. Box 2149, Call.
PARTY going away will rent or sell upright
piano very cheap. Box 214S. Call.
COMPELLED to sell account departure, new
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
$123— SCHLEIP uprlsht. excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 21S McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. n.'
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham placa.
GOOD second-hand upright for »a.« cheap.
SCHMITZ. II McAllister St.
AT KEEFFKS, 21 Turtt *t, nea* Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Stslcway bargains.TO LET, j
R^^ S v 1 ' SP r C Bro <Jerlck— Stort suitable j
grocery and bar. Apply 2303 Geary Et . {
PALMISTRY. \
MISS LEMPP, palmist; hours 10 a. m to 8 D
m.; bundays by app't. 2247 Mission, nr. 19th.
H Tf^S. 0ME^ 0S o ELLI - -dentine Palmist, 515
Ta>lor Bt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 66L
K £F? GAARD ' President St, Germain College.
reads from 1 to 4. 7(10 Post; phone Hyde' 203S.
__j*AIXTERS AKD PECORATOR!^^
KOOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
PEKEION advice free;" general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PHVSICIAJWS " AXD SIBGEOKS.
BR. C. CT^DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market ct.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, eucceesfully
treats all diseases cf the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7G4-7C6 Clay st. ; see testimonials at ofnee.
_ PEHSOXALS.
AJirfsTIC halrdressing 25c, manicuring 25c,
gms' maclcuring 50c. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city, 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage ; Pattl Beauty Cream
jOc; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
deJnty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON, 324 Post St.
WILL any of the passengers who Baw the gen-
tleman thrown off car on corner Mission and
?c ets - oa the « ve ning of Monday. Nov.
lh. 1901. please send their address to 1217
Market t>t., or room 40. sixth floor. Mllla bldg.
A «*i^ le f3 nt line of remnants for suits to order.
510; with these suits we make an extra, pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, 51 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
■CTTIY Guess? Tou can be certain of style and
a rXn? 5^ Sta^dard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS
Domestic office. 1021 Market Bt.. near Sixth.'
FA £ E -. massaee ' complexion beautifying:; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
~uous-hair, moles, etc., removed by electric
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Market; 700 rooms;
-5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to *6 per week;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments. • tailor-made suits, skirts, on
installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
FORthe best hair at cheapest prices go to
LEDERER. Switches, $L $1 50. $2; hair-
dresslng. 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton,
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st., NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
W*TE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
3T fl ° u £Je. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
T?U.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
Sing Cheng & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 56S Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedy; tes-
tlraonlals. MOOSER CO.. 112$ Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair aad moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. S32O'Farrell ; send for circular.
LADIES — I will si Ye you valuable Information
tree. Ad. M3JE. DeHAVEN. box 2130, Call.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 3CS Sutter; tel. Larkln 317L
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 28 OTarrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 00; dress pants, $2 50.
Mis&t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFRF.DUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
XEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny et.
PLAXIXG AXD TfRMXG MILLS.
>WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
► and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont. [
REAL. ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE. |
EASTON. ELD RIDGE & CX>.. ! j
63S Market Bt.
Modern Western Addition Flats.
$14,000 — Just finished; three modern flats. 7
rooms and bath; rents $112 50 per !
month; best part of Western Addition; '
15 minutes' walk from Kearny and !
Market ets.; lot 27:6x100 feet.
Near First and Mission Streets.
$3,000 — Five flats, 4, 7 rooms each; rents $50
per month; Is the center of the manu-
facturing district; large lot. 39x80
feet.
Mission Investment.
$8,000— Two etore* with 3 rooms each and 2
flats- of S rooms and bath; also stable
of 6 stalls; on Mission Bt.; two front-
ages; large lot, 35x115 feet; rents $552
per "' T "" n
Western Addition Residence.
$3,500 — A substantial well built house, 10
rooms and b&th, with an 8-foot base-
ment; marine view; on Green St., near
Lagusa.; lot 25x100 feet.
Modern Cottage.
$3,200 — On Jackson et., near Leavenworth;
nice cottage. 4 rooms, porcelain bath,
and 3 rooms In basement; patent
toilet; cement sidewalk; street bitu-
xainized.
Mission Warm Belt Flats.
$3,800— Pays $720 per annum; four nice ap-
pearing bay window flats, 4 rooms and
. bath each; large lot 82:6x115 feet;
v near 24th and Mission ets.
* Cozy Cottage.
$2,000 — A sunny cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
oa one of tbe best streets In tbe Mis-
sion; cars pasm tbe door; large lot,
25:11x114 feet.
Bargains In Lots.
SC 000— Page et., near Ashbury; elegant site
for flats; large lot, 50x137 ;6 feet; will
subdivide,
94,000— Laguna et.. near Fine; 22:6x80 feet.
$2,100 Green et.. near Laguna; marint view;
22x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRDDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
Jl. M. BPECK & CO., 667 Market, opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
♦70,000 — Reduced from $80,000; corner, 75x75
feet, within one-third block of Market
et. and dose to Hibernla Bank; stores
and lodging-house; best Investment off
Market st. ; must be sold.
$00,000 — Corner 4*sxS2:6; first corner facing
Market st. north; cold for $42,500 20
years ago; want offer.
$60,000 — Gore corner; brick building; 8 stores
and 106 rooms; bank mortgage $50,-
O00: rents $4<X>; can easily be increased
to $500.
5^5 ( 0O0 — Half block from Orpheum; one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house.
$40,000 — Geary-st. corner: lot 87:0x137:6; very
substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 Der cent net.
$35,000 — Turk fit., one block from Market St.;
etore and 16 rooms above; this Is a
splendid buy. •
$30,000 — Eddy et., near Jones: 48 ft. frontage;
frame improvements; this Is a quick
seller.
{3f500 — Business corner; best location in TVest-
• ern Addition; store and flats; rents
$200.
$23,000 — McAllister et. bargain; 82:6x120; only
partly improved: rents 9134.
?16,5O0 — Panhandle corner; two new build-
ing*: rents $142; lot 37x115.
$13,000 — Leavenworth st. investment; C7 feet
front; rents $105; always rented.
512,750 — New Van Ness ave. fiat*; rents $125; a
safe buy.
$11,500 — Ellis st. corner; stores and flats; 3
frontages; lot 37:6xh7:C feet; rents $05
$0500— Rents $103; lot 6CxS0; downtown In-
vestment.
<*050 — Two modern flats; only one-half block
from Market St.; rents $40; coit near-
ly ?75O0.
$:>G00— -Flats vicinity Third and Howard sts.;
rent* $40 50; mortgage $1700 can re-
A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market et.
THE undersigned calls the attention of those
who have proj»erty to dispose of In the dis-
trict l>ctween Htb and 26th sts., and on
Streets between Hancbez and Howard, to sub-
xr>it prepositions to cell. W. J. GUNN, 530
* California *t.
IF you have any property to Bell on Vallejo,
Green, Union, Filbert or Lombard, west of
Vcn Ness aver.ue. then call on the under-
signed. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
FOR rent or sale — At Ocean View In city llm-
lts, thirty-two fine lots, with house of six
rooms: will sell or rent very low. Address
•Lix 27CS. Call office. -
4/jTAUGAIN— Three lots in the Mission, $1000
each; situated on San Jose ave. and 27th ct.
Address box 2774. Call office.
A. WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.-
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
| REAL ESTATE — COUKTRY~For Sale
j -—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
I Email tracts. $60 to J90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, a*
Ban FranclEco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Applr
to The CoUU Co., 802 California et.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
PROFITABLE orange. lemon, peach & prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson. 6 Eddy st.
1 POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage of 7 rooms, near Park at.
station; large lot}- $1S5O; easy terms.
Cottage of 6 rooms, high basement, gas,
bath, etc.; near Park st. 6tation; easy terms;
$2000.
i Modern cottage of 10 rooms, all on one floor;
larpe lot; every convenience; near Grand 8t.
station; easy terms; $5500.
• Fine home on Central ave.: 11 rooms; lot
54x157: choice location: $7500.
Two cottages of 6 and 4 rooms each, on Pa-
cific ave.; in nice order and near station; lot
50x150: rent $20.
Lots on all the principal streets from $350
to $3000; ereat bargains. .
Lot on Park St., near station: 50x150; $9000.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st., Alameda.
j BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; y, cash. Bank of Ala.
I BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1Z HOMES, ranging in prices from $2000 to
$3000 on terms ol from $50 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roa-1.
giving the same service afed time as the Oak-
land local from. Seventh, and Broadway to
Saa Francisco. Further Information apply
A. J. SNYDEK.
(67 Klnth st.. Oakland. Cal.
Or Branch Office
A. J. BNTDER,
Adeline Statloc. Berkeley.
GIVE your family a Christmas present and bs
your own landlord. New cottage of 5 rooms*,
bath, pantry; bay window; folding doors;
brick foundation: stationary tubs; hot and
cold water; barn; chicken house; large lot;
also good deep -well of water; price $1<J5O;
terms $100 cash, balance $13 per month;
this property is but one block from station
and is a snap; also other bargains on 6ame
terms. HOME REALTY CO., Lorin.
Open Sundays.
FOR rent — 3 acres land; small cqw barn; good
house; fruit trees; rent $11 a month; for sale
on same place; 6 dozen chickens, chicken
houses, fences, water pipes and other uten-
Bils. 1624 Hopkins st.. North Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4300— A BRAND NEW HOUSE, ii ™"™~™
Location, 30th and Webster Bts.; lot 43 feet
frontage; house of 7 rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest in every detail
and finish; this property originally belonged
I to an estate and it now must be gold; only
] a lew blocks to 14th and Broadway, local
i trains and business center and Postoffice; this
J property can be rented for $15 per month;
house a good investment if purchaser did not
I desire to occupy it.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.'
$6500— RESIDENCE IN LINDA VISTA. ~
i The very nob hill of Oakland; lot 75 feet
frontage; large house of 9 rooms, barn; all
m first-class condition: almost new; thit prop-
| erty should sell for $10,000; an ideal ham* and
a first-class location.
J. S. MYERS & CO .
' 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Gal.
?C600— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new 6-room house; note, lot 50x140:
*ucny exposure; street work all complete- iu
firet-clas& condition: near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and c«r
instructions are to sell without reserve to the
I highest and beEt bidder; terms only $5oO cssh,
j balance can remain on raortgage; purchaser
can pay ctsh if he so desires.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
J 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
j $3750 — FINE corner residence on mam . thor-
j oughfare; close In; 7 rooms; elegantly fin-
ished in hardwood; ttalrway of white cedar; !
up to date plumbing; cemented Basement,
lawn front and rear; mu«-t be fold; owner
going away; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$1750 — ORIGINAL COST ?3500. "
Store, 3 living rooms and a large corner lot;
an elegant place for a grocery, bakery or
laundry; death of the owner cause for selling;
the late owner of the property conducted a
very successful grocery business and left con-
siderable money as a result of his success in
business, the estate must be closed at once,
hence tts sacrifice; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
' 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
E. M. DODGE & SON]
U60 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250 — Something extra nice In the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50xl2£>: 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for 6ale
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 1118
Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers: lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth Etc.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FUHMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN. introduction to you from H. Schcllhaas the
tcmlture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
, FIFTH 353 — 3 connecting furnished house-
keeping, $12; also single. $4 to $7. *
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary «t., bet. Mason
and Taylor — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas range; sunny back yard; rent $9 per mo.
MCALLISTER, 538 — Nicely furnished suite
complete for housekeeping; $12.
MINK A. 237, bet. Third and Fourth, New York
House — 2 nice housekeeping rooms; $2 50 per
week.
OAK. 125 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms;
; $io. • -
| RAUSCH, 85, near Folsom — Furnished rooms,
single and housekeeping; Cheap.
SHIPLEY. 253-261—5" nice rooms, $8; house
new; good class people wanted only.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been - established at 199*
Valencia, rt.
RObMS~~TO LET^Farn. and Unfarn.
AROYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant.
funny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14R Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
: BTTRNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 13<W) — Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH. J26A — Nicely furnished front room;
also elngle room. ' -.
ELLIS, 321 (Mczart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1 50 night; $1 50, $G wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 413 — Newly furnished rooms; en suite
and single; running water; ga»; phone.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
$1 per w^k. ' .
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
| transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1527— Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water; gas; bath; phone; references.
JONES, Ml* — Newly furnished room, bath,
»unny, central, private family.
MINNA, C67. cor. 'Eighth— Kewly furnished
bay-window room^ $1 per week; transient. ,
MISSION, 1720%, near Thirteenth — 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry; $8. .' ■ '
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy st.— Hlgh-claes hotel;
furnished rooms, en suite or single. „.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'KARBELL, 20^ — Sunny furnished rooms -and
offices; elevator; elec lights; 'day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth • St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
. STOCKTON. 332^ — A eunny suite and singles;
neat and clean; bath: phone; prices low. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 1 8, 1901.
ROOMS TO .LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
SUTTER. 320^4 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. ; $2 to $5 per week; transient.
THIRD, 131— Large furnished room with lire
place. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1006
Valencia at. .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FTJLTON. 446 — Sunny room with or -without
I board; gas; batb; block from McAllister-st
-cars.
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts—
In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvtagdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, {60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont, 418 Ellis— Everything: new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room. ' . ■
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. "
KIARA, 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable."
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1090
Valencia gt. . '
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
- RITJM. 1208 Market Bt. ; treatment free; only
Invention .In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. "'. , .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 0-10; tel. .5580.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Cal!.
16 pages. In wrapper fw mailing. $1 per year.
SEWM'G MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
• pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing: lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th:
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co,,
office Post and Powell f tg. ; tel. Main 0713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, S40 Mis-
sion gt.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHPUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ■ •
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.'
GREAT BARGA^sn^TYPmv^TER"s^We'
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone. Main 260,
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;ostimate free. 200 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVEKTISKSIiiATS.
••BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go Into oouii.
Room 611. Examiner hldg. : phone Black 3604.
BIDS Wanted-Notlce is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome Et
Ean Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a m"
bATURDAT, December 21. 1901, and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence ol bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering . quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months eomm<»nelnir
.January 1. 1902, and ending June 3o" 190*
/ Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with euch schedules. Each bld-
• der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responslblo
banking- house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount cf his bid. payable to C. Mabon
Kinr.e, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
tbe amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
deco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
■ ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
a
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yestcracy:
Francenco Blagiotti, 31, Six-Mile House, and
Maria Faganini, 19, 431 Union street.
Joseph W. Flynn. 23, 352 San Carlos ave-
nue, and May B. Cordova, 19, 501 Florida st.
Henry J. Hacker, 28, 20 Sheridan street, and
Lillian M. Matthlson, 21, 13 Oak Grove ave.
Nathan J. Sargent, 26, Tientsin. China, and
Jennie M. Morse, 22, 335 Eleventh avenue.
Edwin R. -Engelman, 27, 119A Sixth street,
and M&ude I. Delamatre. 22, 682 Clementina.
Gustav J. Paull, 42, 755 Laguna street, and
Josephine Knaus, 27, 812 Laguna street.
Fred W. Kettelman, 23, Stockton, and L.
Fern Smith. 24, Washington, D. C.
Joseph S. Barnes, 36, 110 Ninth street, and
Carrie Meyer, 23, 110 Ninth street.
George E. Miller. 27, Oakland, and Emily
M. Armstrong, 19, 30-14 Twenty-sixth street.
Charles E. Moser, 74, Elmhurst, and Blanche
Neumann, 30, Elmhurst.
Gemarln J. Chapman, 29, 620 Baker street,
and A£da Baker, 22, 427 Lyon street.
Daniel Hagerty, 32, 410 Post street, and
Bertha Korn, 30, 1S05 Fillmore street.
Nazaret Hagopian. 33, 711 Jones street, and
Ziazan Gary, 17, 230 Powell street.
BIRTHS— MABRI&GES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
/ BORN.
LYONS— In this city. December 17, 1901, to
the wife of J. A. Lyons (nee Torbrlner), a
con. ■ • .
~ HARRIED.
FA'RRIER— TACKABERRY— In this city, De-
cember 10, 1901, by the Rev. Frank K.
Baker, Frank Robert Farrier and Christie
Adeline Tackaberry, i both of Lakenort, Cal.
STRAUB — JONAS — In this city, December 4,
1901, at the home of the bride, by the Rev.
E. J. Lion, William Straub and Emily R.
Jonas, both of San Francisco. ■ •
DIED.
Bird. Elice M- ~ . Lynch, May E.
Broadwell. Bernard Mclntyre, Hannah
Crowley, Hannah Meyers, Minerva
Daley, Jennie A. Morgan. Charles
Emerson. Elizabeth Mock. Lizzie
Ganey, John Murphy, Matthew
Heigmann, Christian Sheehan. Daniel .
Jancovich, Luca C. Shlels, Joseoh J.
Lang, Frederick W. Sullivan. Edward J.
Lillenberg, Sven Warren, Charles II.
Lowenberg, William
BIRD — In Alameda. December 17, 1901, EHcj
Mabel Bird, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
Martha Bird, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
■ aged 15 years 9 months and 4 days.
C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1130 o'clock, from her late
home, «O3 Haiffht avenue, corner Sixth
Ftreet. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
BROADWELL — Passed into another life, from
brain fever. Bernard M., dearly beloved son
of El<*nor Gregory Broadwell, and nephew of
Dr Charles and Louisa Ball, a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 31 years.
CROWLEY — In this city, December 17. 1901,
Hannah, beloved wife of Patrick Crowley,
and mother of William, Charles and the late
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flar.nagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
'Telephone South 80. . . -
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
,SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFF.CE 916 M* RKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
1 UNITED'uNSERmKERSJ
\ 27 siui 29 Fifth St. Tcl.Southwr J
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AMD EMWLMERSf
: Finest Equipment at Moderate R&te«kJ
, JAMBS McGINN, v
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
NEW FIRM OH UNDERTAKERS.
Eamuel McFadden, - IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ; M. J,
McBrearty, with the same company for 18
year*: P. F. Green, late v/lth J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street. . between Seventh
and Kiebth. Telephone South 44. . ". : . ,:■■ -
Michael Crowley, : a native of . County Cork,
Ireland, aged 51 years. • ,. . . •
(tyjPriends and acquaimtances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy &. Co., 1230' Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. .Theresa's
Ciurch, i where a solemn \ requiem mass will
■he celebrated for the repose of her soul,.com-
'- mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .. . ' ' : ' .
OALBY — In this city, December ,15, 1001,
Jennie A. Daley, widow of the late Charles
A. Daley, & native of Maine.
ID^Frlends and ■ acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to ' attend ' the funeral to-day
< Wednesday), at. 1 :30 o'clock,' from Golden
Gate Hall, 629 Sutter street. Funeral under;
the ausdees of Golden Gate Chanter No. 1,
O. E.' S. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EMERSON— In Oakland, at 130 Seventh street,
December 17. 1901, Elizabeth K., daughter
of George T. and the late Katie Emerson, a
native of Oakland. Cal.: aged 2 years 1
- month and 10 days. . ' . :
GANEY— In Alameda, December 12, 1901, John
Ganey, brother of Mrs. John McCarty ; and
Annie, Joseph and James Ganey, . aged 22
. years. ; , • - ...
HEIGMANN— In Mendoclno State -Hospital.
December 17. 1901, Christian Helsrmann, a
native of Germany, aged 46 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from- the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. , . . •
JANCOVICH — In this city, December IT, 1901,
Luca C. Jancovich, husband of Ellen Janco-
vich, father of Maeco and Costo Jancovich,
and brother of George and Annie Bacacoylch,
a native of Austria, aged 77 years.
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 22, at 11:30 o'clock, 'from his late
residence, 1525 Leavenworth street.
LANG— In this city, December 17, 1901, Fred-
erick W., beloved «Dn Of John F. and the
late Annie Lang, brother of Albert D. and
Josephine , Lane and Mrs." Lena Stan?, and
cousin of Mrs. F. Gantert and John Henne.
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 31 years and
7 months. *
LILIENBERG— In the City and County Hos-
pital, December 17, 1001, Sven Lllienterg, a
native of Sweden, aged 74 years. :.
LOWENBERG — In Fruitvale. December 16,
1901, William, beloved husband of Alice
. Lowenberr, father of Dollle Emma and
Charles Lowenberc, and brother of Edmund
• and George and the late Robert Lowenberg,
a native of Brooklyn. N. Y., aired 60 years.
ItyThe funeral will start from the ferry,
foot of Market street, to-day (Wednes-
day), at 12 o'clock, u.ence by electric car to*
Homo of Peace Cemetery, where services will
be held at the chapel. . ,
LYNCH— In this city. December 10. 1901, May
Ethel, beloved wife of the late Eugene Jud-
son Lynch, . daushter of John and the late
Mary C Burke, and sister of Arthur Burkj
aril Mrs. J. E. Thompson, a native of -San
Francisco. ■•
ICS'The funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Thursday), at 9:30 -o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue. Friends
are invited to attend. '. ■ . ■ .
McINTYRE—In this city, December 16, 1901,
Hannah, beloved, wife of the late Michael
Mclntyre, and devoted mother of John' C,
Nellie G. and Henry J. Mclntyre, a native
of County Limerick, Ireland. .
tEyThe funeral will take place ' to-day
(Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 237 Laussat avenue, between Flll-
more and Steiner, Waller and Haight streets,
thence . to ■ Sacred Heart Church, Fell and
Flllmore streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
■ Cro?s Cemetery. »
MEYERS— In this city. December 16, 1901,
Minerva, beloved wife of Captain Louis
Meyers, daughter of Thomas Lyons, and sis-.
ter of J. D. Lyons and Mrs. L. J. Gates, a
native of New York City. ' : -'■-*
(ETThe' funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday),' from the residence of her sister,
i Mrs. L. J. Gates. 3919 California street, at
2:30 o'clock. Interment private.
MORGAN— In "this city. December 17, 1901,
Charles Morgan, a native of California, aged
18 years 5 months and 17 days.
tC7" Remains at the parlors of Charlei J.
B.Metzler, GSG Washington street.
MOCK — In this cltv, December 17, 1901, Liz-
zie, beloved daughter of Eleisa and the late
George Mock, and sister of George and An-
nie Mock, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years 5 months and 2 days.
MURPHY— In this city, December 16. 1001,
Matthew, beloved husband cf Catherine Mur-
phy, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
IC5*Frlends and acc v -'.cintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the, funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
ie'sidence, 1807 Mission street, thence to St.
Charles Church for services at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In this city. December 17, 1001.
Daniel Shaehan, a native of County. Cork,
-Ireland, aged. 90 years. ■ •
IC7*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:43 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemeterv, by
11:30 o'clock train- from Third and Town-
send streets. S
SHIELS— In this city, December 10, 1001. Jo-
seph J., beloved husband of Marj r Shlels
and father of Helen Shiels. a native of
Queens County, Ireland, aged 30 years 10
months and 2i> days.
E7"Friend« nnd acquaintances are rpspect-
•' fully invited to attend the.funeial to-day
(Wedrieedav),* at 12:30 '6'clock," from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, .1171
Mission street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
' for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 14, 1901,
Edward J., beloved son of Jeremiah J. and
Marcaret Sullivan, and brother of Michael,
William I.; Mary. JoUn, Margaret C, Jore-
mlah, Charles and Kittle Sullivan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years;
£7The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 10ft Morris avenue, oft Bryant
Ftreet, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
St. Rese's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celtbnited for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private, ' in Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARREN — In Half moon. Bay. December 16,
1901, Charles H.. beloved husband of Freda
Warren, loving son of Margaret, and Charles
Warren, and brother of William Warren and
Mrs. F. W. Hinsdale, a native of California,
acred 82 years 0 months and 11 days.
ICTFrlendw and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
Of Edw. Castasnetto & Co.. 043-45 Vallejo
street, between Montsomery .avenue ■ and
Stockton street. '•
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Cardall. also
Mies Shoenwald, take this means of express-
ing their grateful appreciation of the kind-
ness of all who sent flowers on the occasion
of the funeral of their beloved stepson, Gus-
tav "H. Ral;der3. ;
KILLS WOMEN
IN HER ROOM
Burglar Ends the Life of
a Notable Church
Member.
PITSBURG, Pa:, Dec. 17.— Harriet P.
Murphy, prominent In church and social
circles and treasurer of . the Kingslay
House fund, was -murdered at her home,
6221 Howe street, East End, by a burglar
this morning.- The murderer escaped.
Miss Murpny was the only sister of Se
lect Councilman John A. Murphy from
the Twentieth ."Ward and . was thirty
years old. She, with her brother and two
servants, women, lived alone in the house.
Miss Murphy was sleeping on the second
floor. She was an expert with the revol
ver, having practiced many years for the
purpose of protecting herself in the event
of just such an attack as happened this
morning,? and she always had ! a- pistol
either under her pillow or within easy,
reach.. -"
About 3 o'clock this morning her brother
was awakened by two shots, and hasten
ing to his sister's room found her dying
on the floor. There was a bullet wound
in the head. . '/The burglar had scaled the
porch posts and entered the window' of
Miss> Murphy's room by breaking the
glass. It is . supposed that ' the noise of
the crashing glass awakened her, and" as
she jumped from the bed with her re
volver in her hand the man fired. Marks
in the ■ snow-, on the porch roof indicate
that only one man entered the room.
.Miss Murphy usually kept the collec
tions for the Kingsley House fund in. her
room untiK they : reached a sum i large
enough to be placed in the bank, and It
is thought the burglar -was after this
money. ' : ■ , .
When the police raised Miss j Murphy
they •: found , the revolver within a few
inches of her right hand' under, the folds
of her nlgrht dress. .The falling: •• of Miss
Murphy's body is thought to have scared
the thief away -before he had time to
think about stealing anything." A careful
investigation was made of the room ■ and
not a thing of any value was missing.
Describes His Travels in Japan.
; Henry Payot \ delivered an -"entertalnlag
lecture yesterday .'afternoon -.before :the
members -''of the California" Club," under
the auspices of the Department * of Edu
cation, on his" travels in Japan. The
speaker gave a very-ylvld and interest-
Ing description of the customs, manners
and personal appearance of : the Mikado's
subjects. During the afternoon the Cali
fornia Club entertained representatives of
the various' mothers' clubs * throughout
the city. ; ' - . . ,
DEGREES READY
FOR STUDENTS
Undergraduates of Uni
versity Number Forty
i Pour This Term. •
Three Graduates Compose
Theses for Higher
Degrees.
BERKELEY, Dec. Degrees this
term .will be conferred upon three' gradu
ate .and forty-four undergraduate ;stu
dents of the University of California. The
Regents will meet here Saturday morn
ing to confer ', the titles of SQholarshlp.
Higher degrees will be received by grad
uate students as follows:
M.A.. College* of Letters— Miss Florence
Bartllng, A.B., /Berkeley; thesis, "Words
worth's'Prose." ■ ' '• '
M.L.. - College of : Social Sciences— C. / E.
Fryer, Ph.B., Berkeley; thesis, "Introduction
to the Conquest of Saxony." Hattie L. Les
zynsky, Ph.B., r San Francisco; thesis, "A
Comparative Study of Secondary Education in
Europe and America." '
The undergraduates are candidates for
degrees as follows: .
•A.B. . College of Letters— Rene Cullen, Sain
Francisco; Edna Gearhart, Pasadena; Benjamin
Putnam Kurtz, Oakland; Frank Lamberson,
Vi6alla; Florence Miller, Loa Angeles; Louise
Marie Peters, ■ Marne, Iowa; Gertrude Viola
Reid, Ioamosa; Harold Stanley Shaffer, Berke
ley; GraCe Ruth Southwick, Santa Barbara;
Edgar Thomas Zook. San Rafael.
B.L., College of Social Sciences— Mary Ingle
Bentley, Berkeley; PhlllD Tuggle Clay, Fruit
vale; Ada Maud Cornwall, Berkeley; Myrtle
Gable, Woodland; Cecilia Celeste Granice,.
Sonoma; Mary Sophie Hall, Berkeley; Geor
giana Gladys Hawkins, San Francisco; Kath
arine Frances Keyes. Berkeley; Jane Seymour
Kllnk,' San Francisco; Lillian Mabel Lowell,
Sonoma; i Motoynkl Negoro, San Francisco;
Frances Newham, San Luis Rey; Kleanor Mary.
Russell. Los Angeles; William - Albert Shuey,
Berkeley; James Bennett Southard, Berkeley;
Shirley Cyrus Walker, San Francisco; Elsie
Mabel Wilkinson, Berkeley. -. • ' . '
Ph.B., College of Social Sciences — Frank For
est Bunker, Berkeley; Louise Narjot Howard,
Berkeley. . ■ . ■ :
B.S., College of Natural Sciences — Edgar
Baruch, Los Angeles; Elmer Blainey HaTris,
Oakland; Lulu Rued, Oakland; Vera White,
Berkeley.
B.S.. College of Agriculture — Lewis Eugene
Carpenter, Vallejo; John Markley JrJ, Geyser
vjlle; Allan Raymond Powers. San Francisco.
B.S.. College of Mining — Ernest Roy Childs,
San Diego; George Robert Lehman, Santa Bar
bara; Curtis Byron Locklln, Nevada City; Les
lie Simson. Seminary Park; Elwyn Wilfred
Stebbins, Woodside. • •
B.S.. College of Chemistry — Robert' Patek,
San Francisco :' Jackson Andrew Pearce, Sun
Bernardino; Albert Marion Walsh, Sau Fran
cisco, i . . . . ■ . ■■ '
SANTA CLATTS GIVES AWAY
MANY TJSEFXTL PRESENTS*
Sisters of the Holy Family Hold
Their Annual Christmas Tree
Festival.
Santa Claus played a star engagement
at the Alhambra Theater yesterday after
noon. His 'audience, which was com
posed of nearly a thousand children, ap
plauded his every movement and accepted
the gifts from his generous hands with
fervent thanks.
The occasion was the annual Christmas
tree festival for the children of the Day
Homes and Sewing Schools, conducted by
the Sisters of the Holy Family. The the
ater was never filled with a more content
ed and happy gathering, and every child
who attends the schools conducted by the
Sisters was present. They ranged from
3 to 6 years of age, and all were neatly
and comfortably dressed. The brightest
among them took part in the lengthy pro
gramme-presented, and their efforts were
heartily applauded by parents and friends.
The programme opened with the singing
of the "Adeste Fldells" by the children.
This was followed by a pretty addres3 by
Marguerite Gorman. A song of welcome
followed, and then the Daisies made their
bow. Twenty little tots dressed In pink,
with head coverings that resembled the
flower they represented, sang a carol. The
kindergarten boys made a sturdy appear
ance as carpenters. They wore aprons,
and every little fellow handled his ham
mer with the force of an honest work
man. Other songs and recitations were
given by the various classes, and the
audience showed its appreciation by
hearty applause. Mrs. A. B. Collins act
ed as the accompanist. The work of the
children redounds to the credit of the Sis
ters of the Holy Family, who teach their
young charges many useful things.
MAUD CHEYNEY SAYS- SHE
CANNOT IDENTIFY LETi'ERS
Alleged Wife of Mining Man Befuses
to Acknowledge She Wrote
.Certain Missives.
The Cheyney s,uit for maintenance occu
pied the attention of Judge Sioss yester
day. Mrs. Maud Cheyney positively re
fused to identify any of the letters shown
and read to her by the attorneys repre
senting the defendant, who she claims
wedded her according to the rites of the
Quakers. More than thirty-five letters
were shown to her yesterday, and after
scanning them closely 'she would look up
and say: . -
"There isn't anything in this letter that
I recognize. I will not swear that I wrote
it, nor will I swear that I did not."
There are enough letters In the posses
sion of Cheyney to occupy the attention
of thfe court for several days more. The
case will go on again to-day. - : - •
Divorces were granted yesterday to Nel
lie A. ,Green from Nathaniel Green for
failure to provide. Annie E. Morris from
Jeff D. Morris for cruelty. Charles H.
Blosfeldt from Katie Blosfeldt for deser
tion, Laura A. Field from Fred S. Field
for cruelty and Abbie W. Call from Ben
jamin G. Call for, desertion. ■
Suits for divorce were filed by Elizabeth
Daigger against Benedict Daigger for fail
ure to provide, Mae . S. Thomas against
Matthew J. Thomas for failure to provide,
.Frances C. Preston against A. D. Preston
for cruelty and A. A. Mantke against
Adolph Mantke for cruelty.
TRYING TO FHSTD A WAY
5 TO CLOSE BACON PLACE
Judge' Morrow to Be Asked to Set
• Aside an Injunction Directed
Against the Police.
On the opening of tp-day's session of
the United States Circuit Court, District
Attorney Lewis F. Byington will move
for the setting aside of the injunction of
January 13, 1900, in the suit of. Marie
Paris vs. W. J. Biggy and others. The
injunctibn restrains the Chief of Police
from blockading Bacon place, the object
of the police being, to prevent persons
visiting . the resorts in that blind
alley./ Chief of Police Wittman inaugu
rated a similar blockade a few days ago
but withdrew it when informed by Roth
child & Ach of the existence of Judsre
Morrow's injunction." v . ,
The injunction was issued on the propo
sition that the police have no legal right
to blockade a public street for such a
purpose. v.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued. December 15, 1901, con
tains "70 .pages and will weigh If
ounces. The rates of , postage on this
edition will be as follows : *
Domestic. . . .......... . .5 cents
.Foreign.. ';'.:./• • • • • • • . . . .9 cents
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
'> ■ Tuesday, December 17 '"'
■ Norstmr Tellus, Pedersen, '• 84 hours from
Ladysmith. .
Sr.~.~. *,■"-, i'l - BAILED.
~/VnV; . Tuesday, December 17."
Stm^Cella, Adler, / .
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, — -.
- Stmr'Del Norte, Green,. Crescent City. •
R Stmr Newburg, Petersen,' Grays Harbor.
. ; ■ DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec IT— Stmr. Harrison,
from Tillamook; stmr Elmore. from ' Tllla
mook. ' '■ ■ "■ ■■•■'■ •..-'--'■. ~, '
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr Santa
Rosa, from . San ' Francisco. '
galled Dec. 17 — Stmr Santa Kcsa. for San
Francisco. .
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING-OUT SALE
Yendome Stock Farm
Trotting Stock
(Property of James W. Rea, San Jose),
Including Magnificent Mares by
IRAN ALTO. 2:12%: BOODLE3, 2:12^; GUY
WILKES, 2:1514; DIRECTOR. 2:17; NUT-
WOOD, 2:18; ANTINOUS. 2:2S!$; Etc.
In Foal to > ' ■ ' " - '
McKINNEY, 2:11% and IRAN ALTO, 2:12%.
Geldings and mares with trotting records, and
all in all It is the finest collection ever offered
by auction in this city.
Sale Takes Place Next .
SATURDAY, Dec. 21st,
Commencing at 11 A. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard street, near Third.
WM. G. LATNG, Live Stock Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready. Horses at Exchange.
OCEAir TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(L Steamers leave Broad w»T
. i 9^. . .. - • | Wharf. San Francisco:
vft&aBfcgy For Alcskan ports — 11 a. »-.
HfiSlp§S^_^ Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
jSriJWieSl Change to company's «team-
iaJaSi^Bi era at Seattle.
. SEarO-dal For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
#^BS8ira«&$ C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
if- xacoma. Everett and New
w *^^ Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. n>-«
Dee * 7 12 17 22 27. Jan. I. Change *t am-
ittle fo?' this company's steamers for Ala,*.
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
Vor "an^D&oVoPPineonlT at S«t» Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los An-
geles-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays 8 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. VTrtMS&nys.ll*. n-
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. F°« Ha !*» rd iS,"
Louis, Oblspo). Oaviota. Sant* Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, f a ° .^• dr *
find Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 3
a 'For" Knsenada. Magdaltna Fay. San Josj &«\
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th of each
for further Information obtain the company* •
The companv metres the right to chanx»
Ftearoers. railing days and hours of. eaillnr
without previous notice. "- • -•
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street • fPalnce Hot«>l>. ■
aOODALL. PKRKINS * CO.. Hen. Agents.
t ■ 10 Market nt.. San Francisco.
C>:'R*-£t /¥. CO,
Only SB«e r.-nxm 1»I^» Iilne *«»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
po'nts East. Through Tickets to aH
' point"*. nV p«m1 or steamshinana rail, at
LOTVEST RATES.
STSAMES TICSETJ INCLUD3 BEBTHiai MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 3 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER ..'. '
Sails Dec. 19. 29. Jan. S. IS
Steamer gaHs from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y, g.F.
TOYO KISJ.N KAISflA.
STEAMERS WTIX LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONG. calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
coniectins at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailins. •
SS. AMERICA MARU/ :'•'■.'«£
\ Saturday. January 4th, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU •/••.«^»
.Thursday, January 30th, 1902
SS. klPPON MARU^. .. .^j^fWg, . 1902
ttound-trip tirkets at reduced rates. For
frelpht and passage apply at company s office,
421 Market p*re<"t. corner First.
W. H. AYERY. General Agent.
""AMERICAN LINE.
zrr tor*. eooTiuirPTOs. losdo*. p»ht\
Stopping at Cherboursr. westbound.
From New York W-'no-tflays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia . .V*ec. ITf't. Louis Jan. In
St Paul Tan. i "hlladelphia .. .Jan. 22
ZeVlanS ...Ta-^. R'?f. PaxU Jan. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp*.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
♦Vaderland Dec. 25 Frlesland Jan. IS
Haverrord Jan. 1 South wark ....Jan. 22°
Zeeland Jan. R Vaderlar.d Jan. 20
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gi.i if! Americana d8 Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL Dec. 23ILOA
AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4IPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aoapulco or Panama). - Freight
and passenger office. 31« California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R, ! S ?
TO NEW YORK VH TANAM4 OIBEQf.
Cabin, $103: Steerage. 140; Meals Free.
5. S. Lcclanaw toil , /Vpndav, i Tec. 23
6. S. Arftyil *nil* Thursday, Jan. 23
i». t>. Lee'anaw sail* Monday. . Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. "m.
Freight and Passensrer Office. 330 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
ieeigcSMO^jagg
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, S.imca. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 28 10 a. m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
•*•• Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
. Saturday, Jan. 4, '02. 2 p. m
J. D. SPstCUfcLS k BKfls. 60 , nmm Agents, 327 Kartn St
ten' I Passongsr CfScs, 643 tferbt St., Plsr Ko. 7. PaciSe St
0OMPA6N13 CENSE AM IBAHSATLAMTIQCJ
1/lKECT. LIXK IO HAVniE-PAlUA Lt£tt
Calling every Thursday, instead o£ ■<2 i \<JX3rt4
bciurcay, at 10 a. in., lrom pier 42, ad.lz£v93
North Klver, foot of Morton street. ■
, First class to Havr_\ $70 and upward. Second
c!as.« to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOB UNITKD STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, & Moutgoraer/ svenue. Ean Francisco.
Tickets Hold by all Rall<-oa<: Ticket Agent*.
eAy and biver steamebs.
fiTuTirNAV^^
Steamari GES. FRI3BI S or MONTICBLLO
9:43. a. •m.. *:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:15 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 8 p. ra.. ezctp(
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 51
cents. Telephone Main 13CS. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mls*ion-«treet dock. HATCH
BKOS. -
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
liMH PACIFIC COAST RAilROAa
Via Sausallt* Ftrry.
Commencing September to>, 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
- AND SAN RAFAEL. WAXjL> *X
WEEK DAYS— «:55, S:30. »i>:M>, 11:00 a. tn
•1:45 3:10. t:15. 5:15, »«:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For ■ Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at D:3u and 11:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— »S:00, •10:00, •11:30 a.m. U-15
3:15, ••4:43. "■■0:30. 9:30 'p. m. '
"Trains marked (•) run to rian Quentin.
a. m. '12:25, 2:15, *J:33. 4:40. 5:30 p.' m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdaia
and Saturdays at G:4j and 0:55 p. ra. - -
a -SUNDAYS-«:15, ♦S:0O. 'lO:^ ni:45 a .
•1-40 - »3:15, ."4:45, ■*«:30 p. m. • '
Trains marked (•) start from»San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
AVEEK DAYS-5:45. 0:45. 7:55, 8:56. 10 m
am. 12:25. 2:43. 3:50, 5:10 p. m. - **°
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at '7:10 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:13.
3::!0 6:00, '6:45 "p. m. ,•
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ■ .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. rh. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday t!m». ■- - " . ■ -.- .
Weekly Gaii,.$l per Year
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TralM lenve mid i»r« tin* to ttrrlv* m
MAN riCAN<:iM<:o. 4
J (Mainline. Foot of Market Street) ■<*
ijcAvc — .' From Diccxbkb 6. 1301. — arrits
7:09a Benlcia, Suisua, Elmira and Sacra-
mento o<33r
7i00a VacMille, Wloteri,'Rumsey 7:33»
4i3OA Martinez, Sau Uamou, Vallejo. Napa,
I Callabiga ami Santa Kosa «l;23?
" 8:0 A a Darin. Woodland. Knigtita Landing.
Marrsiille. <lro»llle. 7:31f
8iOO* A tlantio KxpreM— OgiJeu aud Eaat 8:3*3*
8<0Ua Nilec Lathrop, Stockton <:23p
8>00a NUea. Mendota, Hanford. Visilia,
PorterrUle 4:M»
SiSOa Shasta Cxpreaa— Daria, Williams (for
■ Bartlett Springs). Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. * 7i»S»
■ i30a Ran .Jose, Uvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. I'laeervllle.
Murjivllle. Chleo. Ke<1 Muff 4i23f
Mi3Oa Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Tuolusnna 4iS3p
W:O»A Hay ward. Niles&ud Way Stations.. > I>»3a
9sOOa Vallejo I3l:23r
UiOOa Ijos Angela* Express — Martinex,
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton, Mtnrcril
Fresno and Lot Angalea 7i53a,
ViSOa Vullrjo, Martinez ami Way Stations ?:.13r
IO:O»A The O»erlaii«UJmited— Ogden. I>en-
Ter, Omaha. Chicagn SiSSP
tliOOr Sacramento ltl»er 3l«amnra |ll)Otr
SiMr Reuieia. Winters. .S.etamenlo.
- Woodland. KnUliU Landing.
M«ry»fllle. Orotille 10:33*
•iSOr Hajward. Nilei and Way Stations.. 7:33r
4)OWp Martinez. Man llaiiinu. Vallajo.
Napa. t.'allnhiica. Maiitw Kosa »i»5p
4 «OO* Nflea, LJiermore. Stockton. Lodl... 12'SI3r
4 • Hop Haywurd. Nile*. Sa:> Jixe. Llvrrmore {8:33*
4:307 Thu Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulnre,
Biikersflelil, .Saugus for Santa Uar-
bara. Lot Angelos StSS*
BtOOr- Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton lit :33 a
OiOOp Martinez. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno ..... lSiSSp
(tOttr Ha/naid, Nlles and Sau Jose 7:»» a
tOiOOr Vallejo 11:23%
• i OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denrer,
Omalia, St. Louis. Cblcago 4:23a
7iOUr Oregon and California li«i>ri.M.«ae-
rainautw. Mar}s*III«, Itmlillug.
I'ortlumt. I'MRst Homiil mill Itaak 8:33a
■i«5rBan Pablo, Fort Conta, Martinez
and Way .Stations 11:23a
t»:O*r Vallrjt 7:S3y
COAST LINE (Narrow Uaiw).
(root of Mwrket Street.)
■ iIBa NeTOrk.OiitnnUlo.Hari.lose.Frlton. •
VoiilderCrrek,.SaiitaOriizand Way
Station.; 3i30#
fttlftp Newark. CenterTllle, &an Jose, Now
Alinaileu, Fulton, Moulder Creek.
Santa Ciuz and l'ruieipal Way
Stations I«».1»A
4 1 1 •"» r Newark. Han Jose. Los Oa ton 1 S;50 A
a9.3op Hunters' Train— San Joae and Way *
stations .; n.aoy
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SA3 mtCISCO— Fool of JUrkst Street (Slip 8)—
tJ:l& U:OO II-.OOa.u. 1:09 3;33 B:15r.w.
Frw 01 IU KB— tn\*t Swimtj.— t«;OQ »3;00 13:08
10:00*. m. ' 12:63 2.00 i:OJr.u. :ixk
COAST LINE MiriMii <:««■;•).
(Third and Townseml Sta.) -
tti l» a San Jose and Way stations Ai4»a
7:00a Hail Jose ami \V«r .Station* fSiffttr
/7:««A New Aluiaden / 4:10»
SiOOa Coast Line limited — flan Jose.
Gilrcy. Salioa.i. San Lois Obispo,
Santa Barbara. I.<m Angeles and
principal intermediate stations .... 1 0:t3#
0:00a Sun Josn, Ties I'luos. HhiiU l.'rns,
FmM« <>mre, t-alinas. Sau Lni3
Obfspo ami Principal intermediate
•Stations 4:IOy
I0::I0a SsnJcse and W»y Stations. MiH8a
IIiSOa Han Ja» uml Way Stations !»:-»«A
tUt-t ftp San Matrn, Kedwnotl, Mt-nlo Park.
1'c.In Alto. .Santa Clara, Man .lose.
Tres Plnos, KanU Crux, Salinas.
Mould ey a>"' 1'aoitie (iroTu tlOr49&
8::t<>i. y»r> Jose ami Way .Stations. l«:i»p
♦4sl.1i- fla» Joimaml rrtj.otpal Way Stations 3i3Ol>
4>30rSnnset Limited — Mondays, Wednes- -\.' ■
days, Friday", for Lo* Angeles, El
Paso New Orleans and New York.
Airires Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
fSiOOpSan Jom, Loa Gate* and rrineipal
Way Stations f!>:0OA
SiSOp San.lnsa aud Principal Way .Stations O:.1«p
StUnr Sin.Iosvanil W*y Stations 7; it ft*
7:0«r New Orleans Eii>re»» — Sf»n LitJs
Obispo. Santa fUrtara, Los An- 1
trales. D miag. El raso, New Or-
leans and K*s» Ts3Aa.
«Hi<5rfla».l<.se:n»l Way Stations 7»aOy
A for Morning ■ . I* for Afternoon,
t Similar rxceuted. } t Sunday only.
_oSaairdsy on!y\ /^Tuesdays aud Friday!^
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:COa 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
" Vlsalia.. 3:39 p 6:00a .......
" Bakerafld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
- a /or morning-, p for afternoon.
0 :00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace " Sleeping ' Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
- 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11 :30 P. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3<X
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extr*
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am| Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am[ Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:0Opm|Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am - Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:.'i0pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40amL10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40ara
! and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:U0am| |10:40am[10:25ara
3:30pm| 5:00pm[ Scbastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20prc
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skasga Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at ■ HoplancR for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lalteport ajid Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*«, BuckneU'a.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr'« Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, Utal. Wllllts, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and ' Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip, tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday? round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. IIYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. .
1:45 r. 10:00 a. ._«,i-. (.axutiimi 3:00 T. 3:40 t.
4:15 l>. 11:30a. -^tJ^T 4:25 p - &35 »•
1:15 p. *• "- w r* Sv< ""* 5^55 r.
F»r», S*a rra»«l«ro to Sunmtt «nd lUtum, Jl 90.
- Ock«t Office*, t2i XAKUTiTun ud SAC&Luro izxxr
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1534 for the treatment e>t Private
Discises, LoKt Manhood. Debility or .
(11a*hsp wearlngon hoAj and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doc torcures when
others fall. Try him. Charge" low.
Cn res fnaraa teed. Call or writ*,
Dr. J. **. ttlBSOX. San Francisco. CaJ.
1112
ADVEB^EMENTS^ _^ j 1; _
ROYAL
Baking
Powder
Hot-breads, biscuit, cake, rolls,
muffins, crusts, puddings, and the
various pastries requiring a leaven-
ing or raising agent.
Risen with Royal Baking Pow-
der, all these foods are light, de-
\icious and wholesome.
• - . «
The "Royal Baker and Pastry There are cheap baking pow-
Cook" — over 8po practical ders, made from alum, but
and valuable cooking re- their astringent and cauter-
ceipts — free to every izing qualities add a
patron. Send full address. dangerous element to food.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
ANOTHER WILL
NOW OFFERED
Document Executed by
Kershow Filed by
Contestants.
The will made by Max Kershow in Phil
adelphia in July, 1893, was offered in evi
dence yesterday in Department 9 of the
Superior Court, where the trial of the con
test of the will purported to have been
made in this city is being held. The
Philadelphia document, when first exe
cuted, bequeathed to an aunt of Max Ker
ehow $5000 and the rest and residue of the
estate in trust" for Carleton Kershow, a
brother, and Edward and J. Henry Ker
ehow, uncles of the deceased. The Phila
delphia Trust, Safe and Deposit Company
was named as trustee. A codicil made in
February, 189S, revoked the paragraph in
the body of the will and placed the trust
fund in the hands of J. Henry Kershow,
one of the uncles.
Attorney Rix spent the entire day in
probing into the characters of the wit
nesses to the contested will and men
who associated with the Yale man while
he lived In this city. Detectives Bain
bridge and Dillon testified that A. J.
Meadows, one of the subscribing wit
nesses, was not noted for his probity or
integrity, and Judge Fritz, who was asked
concerning the reputation of Jules Gam
age, said:
"He is a friend of -mine, but I do not
think he bears a good reputation."
One of the features of the proceedings
yesterday was the regularity with which
Attorneys Rix and Tauszky called each
other names. Invitations "to come oui
eide" and such expressions as "you are
bluffing" and "you can't bluff me" occur
red with such frequency that the bailiff
of the court removed the padlock placed
by the orders of Judge Coffey on the gate
which affords Ingress to the clerk's desk
and behind which the bailiffs sit. The at
torneys, however, did not come to blows.
The case will be on trial again to-day.
Angelus
Piano Player
Recital
SATURDAY NEXT. 3 P. M., AT
BHEttMAN-CLAY HALL. \
THE ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER has
created 6uch interest that Sherman Clay
& Co. find their exhibition room in the store
too small for accommodating the public.
That everybody may tee and hear this
wonderful instrument a recital will be held
In Sherman-Clay Hall on next Saturday
afternoon. A classical end popular pro-
gramme will be rendered. You are cor-
dially invited. Admission Is free, but to
prevent overcrowding: of the hall tickets
should be procured at Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s music etore, Kearny ana gutter tits.
J. H u E AI £ GELI ' S ** a small instrument
which enable* anybody to play the piano
with all the expression of a person who has
studied the piano for years. Strictly speak-
ing the Anpelus Is not a mechanical piano
player, &■ the expression and eoul of the.
xnueic is controlled by the performer. The
Angelu* does the fingering of the piano and
the performer plays the music. This affords
a eplendid opportunity for hearing a unique
and interesting recital. ..-^i
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stcinway Piano Dealers
Ccr. Kearny and Sutter St., S. F.
Cor. 13tb and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second are., Seattle.
DRUMMERS ENJOY
NIGHT AT TRIVOLI
Fifth. Annual Benefit of
Association Proves a
Great Success.
It was a gala night at the Tivoli last
night, the occasion being the fifth an
nual benefit of the San Francisco Com
mercial Travelers' Association. The
suave gentlemen of the road were out in
force, as the packed house testified.
Every drummer had his lady and alto
gether the audience was one of the moat
Interesting that has gathered In that fa
vorite temple of song in many a day.
Preparatory to the reception of the as
sociation's guests of the evening the dec
orators took charge of the interior, and
their skillful handiwork was evidenced in
a beautiful grouping of -flags, bannerettes,
festoons and association devices on the
balcony rails, boxes and proscenium arch.
The draping of the decorations was artis
tic and the coloring resembled the glow
of a summer's sunset. The insignia of
the association was conspicuously, dis
played, and during the presentation of
"Ked Riding Hood," the evening's bill,
the device was cheered.
It is the custom of the association to
give an entertainment annually, the pur
pose being not only to enrich the coffers
of the organization in aid of its charita
ble and beneficial work but to bring the
membership into closer fraternal relation
ship with one anoti.er. The entertain
ments have uniformly been highly suc
cessful, as is indeed most everything the
commercial men attempt. The affair of
last night lacked in no respect, the fea
tures of the events of former years— good
fellowship, bonhomie and warm enthusi
asm.'
The opera was hugely enjoyed by the
audience, as the hearty applause testified.
The local hits, and particularly the jokes
rung in on leading members of the asso
ciation, were enthusiastically received.
The principals of the cast entered into
the spirit of the occasion, the result be
ing a very enjoyable performance. Praise
is due Florence Chapman, Annie Myers,
Olive Ulrich. Ferris Hartinjin, Edward
Webb and Arthur Cunningham for their
artistic work. The subordinates filled the
bill acceptably.
The officers of the association are: B.
H. Fredericks, president; George W.
Moorehouse. vice president: Charles E.
Tarrant. recording secretary; L. L. Dobbs,
financial secretary; John H. Horstmann,
treasurer; Charles L. Adams and P. T.
Mepham, sergeants at arms.
The entertainment was in charge of a
committee consisting of Emmett Dunn,
chairman; H. H. Becker. Nick Marisch,
Sam Seymour, W. T. Holling, ' A. D.
Whitehead, J. H. Horstmann. Charles E.
Tarrant and B. H. Fredericks.
The executive committee consists of C.
C. Miller, S. H. Susskind. Otto Seevers.
L. L. Remy and S. T. Blake. The mem
bership committee is composed of Nick
Marisch, K. M. Borman and Henry Heinz.
FOOTPADS ABE CLEVERLY
OUTWITTED BY EX-SOLDIER
Henry Harke Leaves His Money ia
Hotel Safe Before Viewing At
tractions of City.
Henry Harke, an ex-soldier, -who recent
ly returned from the Philippines, cleverly
outwitted a couple of footpads who held
him up Monday night near the corner of
Third and Market streets. Jn the early
part of the evening Harke started ou.t to
take in the attractions of the city, pre
vious to his departure for the Bast. When
he commenced his trip about town, he
had $640 and a ticket for the East in
his pockets. The thugs • learned of the
fact that the ex-soldler was carryng a
large sum of money with him and planned
to hold him up. Harke noticed that he
was being followed and becoming sus
picious went to the Winchester Ho.tel and
deposted his cash in the hotel safe.
The footpads still continued to shadow
the ex-soldier, not knowing 1 that he had
left his money in safe keeping. When they
held him up' later in the evening all they
secured was his ticket for the East and
the receipt for the money which he had
deposited at the hotel.
Will Hold Benefit.
The members of Excelsior Degree
Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F. f will hold their
annual benefit performance at the Tivoli
to-night. The . affair will be under the
auspices . of the Samaritan Social Club,
and the proceeds will be devoted to the
beneficial fund of the lodge. A large
house Is assured.
Copies of the great Christmas .edi
tion can be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers," 1 rfewsboys and at tht
[Business Office of this paper.
THE SA1ST FBANCISCO ; Ci^LL,, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1901.
OREGON UPHOLDS
A PRIMARY LAW
Supreme Court of That
State Sustains
une jl es u cy.
Act in Question the Same in
Principle as California
Statute.
.The decision of the Oregon Supreme
Court sustaining the Lockwood primary
election law enacted by the Legislature
of that State is recognized as a victory
for the cause of clean polities and good
government. The Oregon law, which is de
clared-constitutional, is the same in prin
ciple as the California law adopted at the
last session of the Legislature. One of
the essential points at issue before the
Oregon court was. the test, or . the pro
vision of the law requiring a voter to de
clare his political sentiment. Following is
the provision of the Oregon law on, this
point:
Any person desiring to vote shall state to the
first of the election clerks (which clerk shall
not be of the same political party as the chair
man) his name and his residence and shall de
mand an official ballot of the political party
or association he desires to use in voting, and
the said clerk shall' thereupon announce the
name and ' residence and party or association
distinctly and write in the poll book of ; the
political party or association the name and
residence of the elector with pen and ink.
The test prescribed for participating in a
party primary is that the elector "voted
for a majority of the candidates of such
party at the last election or intends to
do so at the next election." •
Regarding the Test.
The court in sustaining the test says:
Is the test a reasonable regulation by which
to ascertain party affiliations? Mr. Bryce says
the usual test adopted by parties Is, "Did the
claimant vote the party ticket at the last im
portant election or that for the State Governor
ship?" The Wisconsin acts of 1805 and 1807
prescribe in effect that precise test. The Cali
fornia act of 1897 provides that If a person
challenged make oath that it was his bona fide
present intention to support' the nominees of the
convention to which delegates are to be elect
ed for such political party or organization, he
should be entitled to vote. The act was de
clared unconstitutional, but not upon that
ground. And the Legislature evidently so un
derstood it, as at its session in 1901 it passed
another act containing precisely the same test
to be applied at a party primary- election. By
the New Tork act the elector must declare
that he is in general sympathy with the princi
ples of the party at whose primary he desires
to vote, that it is his intention to support gen
erally at the next general election, State or
National, the nominees of such party for State
or National offices, and that he has not en
rolled with or participated in any primary elec
tion or convention of any other party since the
first day of the preceding year. This is as far
as we have been able to»flnd precedent, and we
are impressed that the New York provisions are
better calculated to serve the purpose for
which they are Intended than the others, and
yet it Is concededly impossible to provide any
test "by which all fraud and illegal voting may
be detected and prevented. Much must be left
to the Legislature to determine, and so long, as
It cannot be said that the test adopted, is inapt
and unreasonable it ought to be permitted to
stand: hence we are constrained to hold that
the present law is' valid, as 4t respects that
specific objection.
Should Stand in California.
If the test stands in Oregon, where the
constitution of the State does not In dis
tinct terms authorize the Legislature to
pass a lav/ applying it to primary elec
tions, it should certainly stand in Califor
nia, as the constitution of this State ex
pressly grants the Legislature power to
prescribe a test. Constitutional amend
ment No. 4, adopted by the California
Legislature March, 1859, and ratified by
the people in 1900, gives the Legislature
power to apply party tests to primary
elections. v
The pregon law, held to be valid by the
Supreme Court of that State, goes further
than a mere party test. In providing for
primary-elective ballots it requires:
The official ballots of each party or associa
tion participating in the election shall be dif
ferent In tint or color from those of the other
parties or associations, so as to be readily" dis
tinguishable therefrom. Duplicate Impressions
of the same shall be printed upon cheaper col
ored paper so as to' be readily distinguishable
from the official ballots. These, sample bal
lots shall be uniform In color for all political
parties and associations and shall be used sole
ly as sample ballots for the information and
convenience of voters, and shall not be voted,
and if voted shall not be counted.
In Oregon a blanket ballot Is used and
the names of the candidates for the nom
inating convention are printed thereon.
In this State the ballot Is blank and the
names are written thereon, or attached
thereto by pasters.
Able lawyers who have carefully studied
the Oregon decision and compared the
primary law of that State with the law
of California are firmly convinced that
our present primary election act is con
stitutional. ■-, ■ ••
'Great reduction in price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwitz & Cohn's, 1716 Market, phone South
684. Straight whiskies, $2,* $2 50, $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c. $1, $1 25 gal. Purity guaranteed. •
United States Civil Service.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on January 21-22.
1902, examinations will be held for the po
sitions of irrigation assistant and Irriga
tion engineer in the office of experiment
stations, Department of Agriculture, at a
salary of $1500 pejr annum each. • Persons
who desire to compete should at once
apply either to the secretary of the local
board of examiners at the postofflce or
to the -United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington. D. C, for applica
tion-forms 304 and 375, which should be
properly executed and filed with the com
mission prior to the hour of closing busi
ness on January 11.
this, season Wi^
When your shopping nccessi- J^^^^^^
i&S/jp^^ tates much tramping from
fftfT store to store, you should be particular that \yp
Wm your shoes are damp proof as well as com- J/IF
A v\ fortablc — two very essential features that iWiS
3§||i|\l 'The perfected American Shoe for Women," lUffij
2J7J7 There's no shoe like Sorosis lor boys and girls. \\E
l|| OPEN EVENINGS DURING DECEMBER. |||
SIl Sorosis shoes arc only to be had at Ml
f|m||^ SO Third SfL
A\rt\* J t^iJ^J Rj ?A. fecond Shoe itcrc r m Ma ke.. " '^\j|^tjjj )^j fi| f j:
ARMY OFFICERS
ARE CENSURED
Stir • in Military Circles
Over Department ,
Order.
Court - Martial at Presidio
Fails to Dispense
Justice.
-A general court-martial now in session
at the Presidio and supposedly / meting
out justice to wrongdoers in the ranks
received yesterday at the hands of Colonel
Rawles the most severe reprimand, -it is
said, that ever emanated from the head
quarters of the Department of Calif ornia.
The membership of the court includes sev
eral officers of high rank and distinguish
ed bervice. . Consequently there was some
little* stir in military circles yesterday
when the order was made public _
On the fourth floor of the Phelan build-
Ing, and at the Presidio, the officers were
discussing the matter* unofficially and
many were thanking their lucky stars
that they had not been detailed for the
court-martial which has so suddenly be
come prominent. It is said that the mem
bers of the court cannot but feel injured
at the tone of the order, but In the army
the only recourse that inferiors have in
such cases is to keep as quiet as possible
and confine the expression of their opin
ions to their immediate friends.
Private Evans Causes Trouble.
Private Samuel H. Evans, Troop G,
Sixth Cavalry, was tried and found guilty
of a charge of desertion. He was sen
tenced to imprisonment at hard labor on
Alcatraz Island for one and one-half
years. The court decided that errors had
been made in the proceedings, and the
man was tried again.' After ISvans had
been disposed of the second time,- it was
found necessary to give him a third trial.
It is quite certain that the soldier did
something wrong, but nobody seems to
know just what it was, and in spit© of
the plethora of trials he must' now be al
lowed to go free.
Colonel Rawles' criticism which has
caused all the disturbance is as follows:
In the foregoing case the record is full of
mistakes, and the proceedings are a discredit
to the service. The accused was charged with
desertion, and when brought to trial pleaded
not guilty of desertion, but absence without
leave; the judge advocate then rested, and the
court without any evidence whatever proceeded
to find the accused guilty as charged.
The record being returned to the court for
reconsideration of its findings, and the illegal
ity of its action pointed out, the court properly
reconsidered its action and found the accused
guilty of absence without leave. At this re
vision one member of the court was absent at
a wedding and did. not attend the session,
while another who had been sick at the trial
of the case took his seat at the revision, com
pletely vitiating the action taken. At the
second revision one member was absent be
cause he had not been notified of the meeting
of the court, and the court adhered to- Us
first findings and sentence. '
Tho necessity for members to attend to the
duties of general courts-martial has been so
often mentioned in orders that it seems in
credible that officers would be so negligent of
them No officer can excuse himself from at
tending the sessions of a court-martial, and
the department commander will In the future
hold officers to a strict accountability for
their absences.
The action of the court in finding the ac
cused ' guilty as charged, without the intro
duction of any evidence looking to his rrullt,
cannot be sustained by any process of reason
ing known to the reviewing authority.
Proceedings Are Disapproved.
It is the duty of the Government before it
can inflict any punishment on a plea of not
guilty to overcome the . presumption of inno
cence which surrounds even the greatest crim
inal by evidence of guilt, and until this is
done, the findings must be not guilty. It was
the further duty of the court to modify • Us
findings In accordance with the law and facts
as explained to them, instead of foolishly ad
hering - to its mistake. Had the court taken
the plea of the accused, and found him guilty
of absence without leave, he could have been
legally punished by being dishonorably dis
charged and confined at - hard labor for six
months; but he now escapes all merited pun
ishment which the court evidently considered
preferable than to admit that it had committed
an error.
The proceedings, finding and sentence, are
disapproved, and the accused will be released
from confinement and restored to duty.
While all the members of the court are
censured and all are to some degree re
sponsible for the proceedings according- to
military regulations, the fault In similar
cases is usually laid at the doors of the
president of the court and the judge ad
vocate.
The court is composed of the following
named officers.
Lieutenant Colonel • George "S. Grimes, ar
tillery corps, president; First Lieutenant Stan
ley D. Embrlck, artillery corpa, Judge advo
cate; Major Charles \V. Hobbs, artillery corps;
Captain John V. White, artillery corps; Cap
tain Charles A. Bennett, artillery corps; Cap
tain John It. Hayden, artillery corps; Captain
Lawrence S. Miller, artillery corps; First Lieu
tenant George T. Perkins, artillery corps; First
Lieutenant John B. Murphy, artillery • corpi:
Second Lieutenaut William R. Bettlson, artil
lery corps; Second Lieutenant James L. Long,
artillery corps.
Angelus Piano Player Recital.
■ Angelus Piano Player recital ori. next
Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock at-Sher
man-Clay Hall, 223 Sutter, street. Admis
sion free, but to prevent overcrowding of
the hall tickets should be procured at
Sherman, Clay & Co's music store, Kear
ny and Sutter streets. . •
Complaint Against Sea Captain.
Complaint has been lodged by the cus
toms authorities against Captain Cork
hill, master of the British bark Sierra
Blanca. for having conveyed to. this city
from San Diego two female passengers
in alleged violation of the coastwise ship
ping laws.
BOOTBLACK ROBS
MANY SOLDIERS
Masquerades . in the Uni
form of a Caval- .
ryman.
Charles Roy zen Sentenced to
Six Months in the
County Jail.
Charles Royzen, who has been masquer
ading as a cavalryman, appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday on the charge of
petty larceny. He pleaded guilty and said
he would waive time for sentence. The
Judge promptly sentenced* him to serve
six months in the County Jail, a .
Royzen is a bootblack from Chicago.
He came here recently by "beating" his
way on freight trains. He made acquain
tances in the dance halls and saloons on
Pacific street and hit upon the scheme
of masquerading in a cavalry uniform and
enticing soldiers to : the resorts on the
Barbary Coast,, where if they did not lose
all their money and valuables he would
take them to' a lodging house and do the
job himself. - . •
Complaints were soon made by duped
soldiers at police headquarters and De
tective T. B. Gibson was detailed on the
case. Robert O. Parker, who had two
watches stolen from him by Royzen in a
lodging house on Kearny street, was one
of . the complainants and when Royzen
heard of it he had the audacity to make
a charge at the Presidio that Parker was
in the habit of stealing shirts from the
stores and Parker was thrown into the
guard house till an investigation could be
made.
Gibson, accompanied by a policeman,
went to a dance hall on Pacific street
Saturday night and lound Royzen in the
midst of a , group of soldiers. He was
taken to the City Prison and booked on
the charge of petty larceny for stealing
Parker's watches which were worth less
than $50.
John Hoffman, another soldier, claims
that Royzen robbed him of a diamond
ring and other articles in a Kearny street
lodging house and there are many others
who make complaints. Royzen may yet
be prosecuted on the charge made by Hoff
man if the police can find the diamond
ring.
Great Weather Calendar.
The Chattanooga Medicine Co., the manu
facturers of McElree's Wine of Cardul and
Thedford's Black-Draught, have Just issued the
1902 edition of the Cardul Weather Chart and
Calendar. This calendar has sprung into uni
versal prominence by accurately foretelling the
Galveston flood and predicting the droughts and
floods of the past summer, a year ahead of each
occurrence. This office has Just received one
of these calendars, which consists of twelve
sheets of paper, 13x20 inches in size, all fas
tened together with a gilt tin strip and a brass
loop hanger. Each sheet contains the calen
dar for one month In large figures that can be
read across the room. Under the figures pat
ent weather signals Indicating Prof. De Voe-'s
weather forecasts for every day in the year
appear. We understand a few copies of it can
be secured by sending 10 cents apiece in post
age stamps to The Chattanooga Medicine Co.,
Chattanooga, Tenn. , ■
Shooting Gallery Tragedy.
Coroner Leland began an inquest yes
terday upon the body of -Adolph Oppen
heim, the shooting gallery proprietor who
was found lying dead on the floor of his
gallery on Dupont street last Thursday
night. Nothing was developed in the evi
dence that has not already been pub
lished in The Call. The only thing new
was the fact that the i wife of Oppen
helm was not on good terms with her
neighbors. The inquest will be resumed
this morning. .
Hold Rummage Sale for Charity.
The Catholic . Ladies* Aid Society,
Branch No. 20, opened a rummage sale
last evening at 538 Sixth street to raise
funds for the purpose of providing
Christmas baskets for the poor. The salo
will continue during this week, and the
charitable are asked by the ladies to do
nate clothing, provisions and furniture.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'[ ladies J>ear I
j— | -figjininind i
/"^^^N make suits
' I niifll! t0 measure I
I / II J/J for the same I
I'Ni! ff\ money that j
; \ vS l\\ you nave t0 ' *
Vi^?O P a y for 1
/ iv^sSJvO? 1 ready * ma(3e
! n$T&Mf ones. "We
it \^ make all our
y | I garme nts
y I I I right to be-
/ \ I V gin -with — put
/L 4-s£! \\ the very
<•■ / rA -V\ • ' best stock,
/ " \ "^S&n \ into them,
/ \ \ \ tailor them-
■ /• \ . \. \ t h oroughly, .
/ \ \ \ ' j and finish
' J \ \ \3^ th< *na with '
v J-\ W— Xi » the utmost
N - — f-[ — ' ' care, so that
they never
lose their
shape, as . do ready - made
ones. They fit the figure per-
fectly and give it good form.
Our fabrics are made specially
for us, thus affording you ex-
clusive designs that never be-
. come "common."
• . -i '
914» Market? Jt. • 5an Francisco
A suit that represents, JfiBp)
the best there is in ; the/^i((fflW
tailor's art— that has
quality in the goods tfitrSfeSs—/
! and the workmanship — . pM\\WM'
; that means the very la- . iM\vH\
test cut and I fabric— ffififiiP
\ that, in short,'- distin- l||liilf
guishes the wearer, as a . TOUMmM
" man of taste and refine- ■ • ; '\i|l\\vil|\\\\
ment— is'the sort you A|l\\| |l\l\|
get here.. ! . w|\ 1 IMi •
Terms, , v| ' \M
(d^< - 4"|jTk • 1 if
a week. . • <gji
Be sure of our name and number.
. ' ■" ■ . ■ i
12® ElliS St. AboyeSWt
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY
SUITABLE FOR
Ladles 3 Noyeltu Ruffs In Liberty, Chiffon and^
Net, Black, White and Black, and Black and
White,- Ladies 1 Fine Feather Scarfs, White,
Black, Graus, Natural, and Black and.Whitei
Ladies 1 and Men's Best Brands Fine Kid
Gloves and Silk Umbrellas, 1 Ladies' Noyeltu
Belts in Elastic, Jet, Velvet and Satin Studded?
Ladies' Real Duchesse Handkerchiefs, Real
Duchesse and Point Yenise Collars and Band
Collars,, Ladies' and Men's Handkerchiefs,
hemstitched and- initialed^ in both silk and
linen \ Ladies' Fine Purses in Morocco, Walrus,
Alligator, Seal and Sea Lion, 1 Men's Silk
Reefers, Mufflers and a large Importation of
Gents' New Neckwear? Men's Fine Underwear,
Half Hose, White Shirts, Night Robes, Sus-
Denders and Collars and Cuffs? Ladies' Cash-
mere,- Silk and Merino Underwear, 1 Silk,
Cotton, Merino and Lisle Hose.
"Iri ■
OUR CLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
HOLIDAY GIFTS.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
SHORT WATCHES
FOR POLICEMEN
Commissioners Consider
New Scheme in Ex
ecutive Session.
- The Police Commissioners met In execu
tive session with Mayor Phelan last night
after the transaction of the usual business
of the board..
The important proposition of devising a
new system of policing the town was dis
cussed. After' a lengthy conference Chief
Wittmann was directed to plan a scheme
by which the patrolmen will have an
eight-hour watch and sixteen hours off
Instead of the alternate six-hour watches
now in vogue. This will necessitate two
day and two night platoons and a large
increase in the force. Chief Wittman will
report at the next meeting.
James F. Erazel is no longer a member
of the police force of this city. He sent
in his resignation and it was promptly
accepted. The resignation was presented
by Brazel because he feared that he would
be brought up before the Commissioners
and disciplined for conduct unbecoming a
member of the department.
On Sunday last Brazel reported for duty
after an absence of nearly a month. He
had been injured in the late strike and
was on sick leave. When notified to re
port for duty he was in good bodily
health, but through an accident, unavoid
able or otherwise, Brazel's face bore evi
dence of having been in a collision when
he reported for duty at the station. Cap
tain Spillane saw that Brazel was not
presentable and Inquired the cause of the
swellings. Brazel informed him that he
had fallen on the sidewalk. The captain
was of the opinion that Brazel had been
struck by three sidewalks. It developed
subsequently that Brazel had been en
gaged in a disgraceful brawl, and he was
told that he would have to appear before
the Police Commissioners. Rather than
face the ordeal Brazel resigned his posi
tion. Frederick C. Knobman, a printer by
trade, v.-as sworn In to succeed him.
The Commissioners transacted consider
able routine business. Permits for carry
ing deadly weapons were granted to a
number of citizens, and the granting of
liquor licenses occupied the attention of
the board nearly all the evening. Many
applications for the renewal of saloon li
censes were denied, and fully 300 were
granted.
Policeman Charles F. Cassldy was be
fore the board for being fifty ' minutes
late in reporting for duty. His explana
tion was satisfactory, and on the recom
mendations of Chief of Police" Wittman
and Captain Spillane he was excused.
Chief of Police "Wittman was instructed
to watch the Cafe Royal and the Baldwin
Annex and stop percentage poker games
If they were being conducted there.
Policeman John F. O'Shea was repri
manded for leaning on a cigar counter
while on duty. He claimed to be inquir
ing about ?lot machines.'
The Lamp .Hit Him.
Alice Fitzpatrick and her husband, "Wil
liam, fell into a conversational war last
night at their room at the Llndell House,
Sixth and Howard streets, and wound ur>
their affair in the police station. Alice
demonstrated her lack of spousal affec
tion by throwing a lamp at "William
"William went to the hospital and had
stitches put in his scalp. Alice was taken
to jail. and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon. -
Rionhart's Flaxseed . Balsam
"Will cure your cousrh. 150 cents at all druggist a.
DIED.
PBESTON— In this city, Charles William
Preston, beloved father of Harry Walter Sid
Mrs. F\ C. Jaeger, and brother of Mm D
Mf Stall and Samuel Preston, a native of
Ohio, aeed 68 years and 5 months
_ CTFuneral Private from the residence of
his dauKhter, MrR. F. C. Jaeger. 22 Merrltt
. street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
Hattie and Danvers. Notice of funeral here
after;
>viV • v Phone Howard IQ2L ; k,^
HI !?».__. w v9 1 BhS ». vKs^b M
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Entire store spectacular with Holiday,
offerings! Christmas Cheer! What Is «
without good things to eat and drink?
Our stock is tempting: at prices that fore*
business. ...
OPEN EVENINGS-EXTRA. SPECIALS
AT STORE. COME EARLY.
MIXED NUTS £u^^P.*?^. 3 : 40c
New, sound, best eating. Usually 50c
WALNUTS, POUND IOC
p AV CO Xmas mixed, fancy 2-pound OEn
American Biscuit Co's Best.
BEST TABLE RAISINS. LB. 12c
MINCE MEAT fflrffif* *ffi 40c
Makes pies to the king's taste:
CALIFORNIA RANCH EGGS, SOC-
MAPLE SYRUP S£V£?£ 25b
Why pay double?
COGNAC BRANDY. PINT 40c
CVTRA <JAIC Plum pudding; seeded
LA 1 1 In OnLL raisins, currants, citron,
Fard dates, stuffed dates, sugar corn,
shelled almonds, boiled cider, sweet cider,
cranberries, olives, jelly and Jam. plnea^W
pies, at cut prices.
CURRANT JELLY, GLASS lOc "
PORT or SHERRY ;?£,.*£: $1.15
Exceptionally rich, 10-year-old; cut from
$1.75. Two gallons limit.
SEEDED RAISINS. 3 PKGS. 25c.
SPECIAL RESERVE 55&. £1. 88c
"Eisen" vintage 1S94; mellow type; cut
from $1-25- "i.*-v
GOOD TABLE BUTTER, SQUARE 35c.
ZlNFANDELi^.^..^ 6 ....^: 65c
"Asti" Vineyard; 7-year-old; quality will
be appreciated. Well worth $1.00.
THREE TINS MAINE CORN, 25c-
HOLIDAY WHISKEY $2J?£& 78c
Monogram— O. P. S. Hermitage— Old Crow
—Old Government. 1 Why pay $1.15 else-
where?
COOKING BRANDY. QT. 55c.
PI ADCTSonoma's best. Gallon AR<*
A taste is a test "and'a* taste' of'this wine
will convince you that it is the finest
grade of Table Claret. Usually 70c.
Saturday night— GREATEST BUTTER
SALE ON RECORD— FABBR'S BEST
Table Butter will be on sale from 6 to 11
o'clock Saturday night at 20c a square less
than you are now paying. All brands on
sale. All Saturday night orders delivered
Monday.
NEXT "WEEK'S I>TST WILL APPEAR
TUESDAY.
NOTICE.^
GEORGE MAYERLE, the Graduata German
Expert Optician, at 1071% Market street, near
Seventh, does not travel or make professional
calls outside of San Francisco, neither does he
employ any opticians to represent him.
INo-uv Sight for
rt^fffigfr^ Make a present that will be
flJ**s ije -^^«^ highly appreciated for
**Ew^L MANY YEARS TO COME.
\HT"*>5^S. . "Mayerle'B Superior Quality
(yij~r^ Eyeglasses are the only ones
\ft indorsed by the highest U. 9.
Army. Navy and Government
officials. Will be sent by express, with privi-
lege of trying them before paying any charges.
Prices $5 $10 and $15. When ordering state
age, occupation, also whether glasses are want-
ed for reading .or to see off. GEORGE
MATERLE. Graduate German Expert Opti-
cian. 1071 Market, near Seventh. San Fran-
cisco. Tel. South S72. German Eyewater. OOc.
Send money for an Order, wnlch Is good for
five years, for Mayerle^s Superior Quality Eye
Glasses.
DR.MCNULTY.
THI9WEUrKSOWS AND KKLtABLE OLD -
Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
stricture, semlnul Weakness, Impotence and fb^.-
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of ltt\€.d'o
OverMyears'experlence. Terms reasonable. HjCt*.
9to3dally;8:30toS.30ev'(ts. Snndarn, loto 12. Consul-
tation freeaadsacredly confidential. Call oraddreaa
P. ftOSCOE MeXCUT, 91. D.
86^ Kearny St, Ban Frnnclsco, CaU