SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 113.
Morphine and Mistaken Identity Cause an Ex-Student to
Fire Five Shots in a Crowded New York Resort— A. W.
Dingwall and John D. Leffingwell Are Wounded
BULLETS AIMED AT MAY BUCKLEY
MISS THE CALIFORNIA ACTRESS
AND STRIKE TWO THEATRICAL MEN
United States Inspectors Render Their Decision in Which They
Blame Herlihy for Neglect of Duty in Not Calling His White
Grew on Deck to Man the Boats and Save Lives of Passengers
CAPTAIN WARD, PILOT JORDAN
AND CHIEF ENGINEER HERLIHY
ARE CENSURED FOR RIO WRECK.
After Moulton had been locked up De
tective Traynor sa.d that he had been
looking for Moulton since February 8.
On that date, he said, Moulton called
upon Dr. James E. Newcomb of this city
and had him cash a check for $30. Dr.
Newcomb, Detectivo Traynor said,' haa
received a number of letters from Chl
cago, Sing Sing, Elmlra, Boston and Buf
falo saying that Moulton had engaged in
swindling operations in the cities named,
where he had secured sums ranging from
$50 to $173. The detective said Jie would
arrest Moulton on these charges Jf he
should free himself cf his present trouble.
It Is said that Mouiton had supported
a few days.
hospital to-night said his condition was
not Eerlous and that he would 'be out in
Woman Upsets \ a Lamp and for.' a
Time the; Entire Town Is
Threatened.
TULARE, March • 22.— At \ Goshen, about
eight miles . north - of here, .the . wife; of > R.
W. Woods/assistant agentof the South- ;
ern'Pacinc, while taking a bath knocked
over a : lamp. It exploded • and set flre to
the house. : For a short time ' the ' entire
town, including the railroad's large 'oil
tanks and ~ coal'docks, -; was threatened,
but after a few hours' work the fire- was
srot^ under control and the town saved.
GOSHEN ' BABEL Y* ESCAPES
DESTRUCTION BY FIBE
¦whether Murray Hamilton Hall, who in
life was known 'as a man but after death
'was found to be a woman, was wife or
husband. This odd character was always
looked upon as a widower after the death
cf the woman she married a quarter of a
century ago.
Surrogate in New York Must Now
Determine Whether She Was
Wife or Husband.
NEW YORK, March 22.— It is virtuall>
left for Surrogate Fitzgerald to decide
MUEBAY HALL'S ESTATE
PUZZLE TOR A COUBT
Miss Hall says that she lived in the fam
ily of the deceased for more than fifteen
years prior to her ' death, andi frequently
talked with her and with other persons In
her presence. ' Murray Hall frequently,
said that all members of her family were
dead and that she had no relatives of any
kind living. This petition will be submit
ted «to Surrogate Fitzgerald for his con
sideration. *4taflBBS&BMgBHGBttMRm|9Sra
The will signed by Hall leaves her estate
to her adopted daughter, Imelia A. Hall.
It is not worth more than $200. This
adopted daughter in her petition for pro
bate of the will speaks of Hall through
out as a woman, and says she died 1 with
out any heirs at law.
CAPE TOWN, .March 22.— The Prime
Minister reports that, Colonel Scobell en
gaged . Commandants : Fouche , arid Molan
nearl Blaauwkrantz last Wednesday. The
enemy .: broke and scatteredto the north
east: The 'British casualties were three
killed and. four 'wounded.: The Boers lost
four •killed* and twenty-eight, captured.
They also lost 143 horses, 'which, were cap
tured. '}'' '-V ; ¦_••'.;
; • Commandant Kritzlnger crossed the
railway at* Henning ' station yesterday
morning to* tho northeast ' Tha 1 British
BLOEMFONTEIN, March 22.— The re
sult ; of .the combined . movement against
General Fourie, near, Thaba,'N*Chu, -was
the capture of 200 Boers, 120,000 sheep, 6000
horses and . a host of . cattle. The Boers
broke southward to the risht and left
columns are in vigorous pursuit Boers in
eastern and midland districts are appar
ently " making for Orange River Colony,
being steadily pursued v by the British.
Small parties remaining in the south In
the vicinity , of Adelaide and Fort Beau
fort are being energetically dealt with.
There are apparently no organized bodies
of Invaders acalnst which the troops can
operate. ' A small commando appears to
be still in the nelghborhood-.\>f Kallamas,
Namaqualand. The Boers watching .
the town of Fella. It Is evident, despite
the constant rumors of the presence of
commandos, there is no coherence among
the Boers in Orance River Colony. . None
of the forces there are strong enough to
withstand the British advance.
There was one death from plague at the
hospital here yesterday.
Signor Marconi -In 1 - his. answer -not only
makes sweeping .of these allega
tions but declares that /the Dolbear pat- [
ents-: are -.valueless -and -Invalid. ;Charl33 !
R. Cross -professor of physics in the Mas
sachusetts Institute of .Technology in Bos-^
ton, -and Dr. John . "Ambrose ; Fleming,,
professor of electrical \ engineering: ; ; at"
the • University \ College * in f London, testl-.
fled. in [support! of »Marconl'a; claims, .
I No evidence' was '. heard y on the ; side ' of
the*; plaintiff/" The" suit: was ("dismissed* by*
Judge ' Coxe-' after ;the decision of Leonard
to offer no [ testimony.
B. Dolbear of Boston. Leonard asserts
that Dolbear was the original Inventor of
a mode of electric communication without
wires, , for ' which patent '¦_ No. .350,209 had
been issued inlSS6 to the Dolbear Electric
Telephone Company of New Jersey.
The nature of the decree proves- a signal
victory^! or Signor Marconi in" his conteri-;
tion . that he Is the sole Inventor of wire
less telegraphy and is based on communi- .
cations from counsel! forWmplalnant which
virtually "admit : the" superiority of /the
Marconi system and his right to us© such
system. .The action ] was ¦ brought against
Sigrior Marconi when he first came to this
country, :. in , t October, 1839. by i Lyman -: C.I
.Leonard, assignee of the patents^bf Amoa
NEW YORK," March 22.— Gugllelmo Mar
coni, inventor of wireless telegraphy, has
won the suit brought against him for $100,
000 damages and to restrain him from fur
ther use, of his invention by the assignee
of . A. . E. * Dolbear. United States . Judgo
Alfred C. Coxe, for the Southern New"
York ; District, , dismissed 'the suit .with
costs . to . the defendant V
BRITISH CAPTURE BOERS,
SHEEP, HORSES AND CATTLE
MARCONI SOLE INVE NTOR
OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
"Mr. Lefflngwell was an advance agent
for Mr. Lltt and at various times has act
ed in that capacity for Mme. Modjeska
and for Otis Skinner. I. understand that
he was wealthy -In' former years, enjoy
ing an annual income of $70,000. He spent
his money with the greatest freedom and
was , very , fond of yachting. He floated
about the Mediterranean one season in his
own crafti ~Af one point In his life he
owned a newsp'aper i 1 in I Hartford, I Conn.
He was known - in ' ovecy : important city
In the country."
CHICAGO, March [ 22.— George Warren,
treasurer of ..McVkker's Theater, said,
when told of the shooting of Dingwall and
Lefflngwell: |
himself for the past two years by. swind
ling. '
Wanted for Swindling.
Dlngwall's friends who saw him at the
Moulton said . that his home was in
Springfield, Tenn., and that he had been
• for three years a student of architecture
special at Columbia College. He said that
he remembered going to the theater, but
recalled nothing af tbr the curtain rose on
the second act. He denied knowing Miss
Seligman. He was held In $5000 ball and
his examination was set for Monday.
tie partly filled with half-grain sulphate
of morphine tablets and a bottle nearly
full of a liquid solution of morphine were
found in his pocket While waiting to be
arraigned in the West Side Court he
stated that he , had partaken freely of
these drugs and gave this as an excuse
for his conduct.
MISS MAY BUCKLEY, THE CLEVER CALIFORNIA ACTRESS, AT WHOM
A DRUG-CRAZED YOUNG MAN FIRED FIVE SHOTS, ONE OF WHICH
PASSED THROUGH HER DRESS.
would be contrary, to good discipline . for i
Captain Ward to have given the order al-
leged by Mr., Herlihy, 1 aind the flatter, as
chief engineer, Ibeing master of . his own
department,'could neither have accepted
nor obeyed it; as the rules of the Pacific
Mail' Steamship Company are posted in
the engine-rooms "of Its steamships, and
require that all the engineers shall be at
their posts of.duty when entering and
leaving port. "We will add that It is an un-
written law:"that the chief engineer, of a
steam vessel, like the steamship City of
Rio de Janeiro «be on, duty on leaving or
entering port. Moreover the testimony In
this case shows that on the morning of ¦,'
the disaster Captain Ward gave an order
to call the chief engineer. \ ' r'-LC\'-
"Upon being asked what steam the
gauge registered on the morning of the
22d Mr.' Herlihy, answered: "I do not know
by;personal observation; I was not In the
engine-room -.until! the ship struck.' Tet
he testified previously^ that he had looked
into the engine-room and saw a full crew
on duty." Healso testified that on the
morning that the:steamship was entering
port^he! could distinctly hear the Lime
Point whistle arid .could plainly dlstin
guish it from the North Head whistle,
both of which were blowing at the time!
He should then have got up and attended
to his'duties." Mr.. Herlihy testified that
at full speed coming over from Yokohama
this trip theenglnes. averaged 71.6 revolu
tions per ¦ minute,: which gave a speed of
12.24 knots-per-hour, and that at half
speed the steamer,made as high as nine
and sometimes ten knots per.hour on an
average of, sixty revolutions per l minute.
Censure of Herlihy.
"In this connection we must say that it
"P. H. ' Herlihy, chief engineer of the
steamship City of Rio de Janeiro, the only
survivor of her engine-room officers, testi
fied that he had been in the employ of the
Pacific Mall Steamship Company since
1S73, and that he was on this steamer
when she was lost on February 22 last. He
testified that there were no orders given
to bank the fires on the night of February
21, when the steamer came to an anchor,
but it was so considered. "When nskifl if
the City of Rio de Janeiro had a full head
of steam in her- boilers on the morning of
the 22d, before she started to enter, the *
harbor, Mr.- Herlihy stated that the limit
was 160 pounds, but they had 145. pounds,
and that, although he did not see it,' he
knew It was there, as that was his order
and what they generally had at anchor
age. We must here remark that there
should have been between 155 • and 160
pounds pressure on this occasion before
entering port, but there is no one living
who actually knows what the steam
gauge then registered, Mr. Herlihy, chief I
engineer, the one who should know, hav
ing been absent from his post of duty,
and Mr. Brady, the engineer on watch,
having been drowned.
"Mr. Herlihy further testified that he.
was not called on the morning of the 22d,
but was awakened by the' engines being
moved, and that he got up and looked in
the engine-room, saw a full crew and then
returned to his room and remained there
until the ship struck, and his reason for
so doing, he stated, was that the assistant
engineers were competent men.
"When asked what were his duties as
chief engineer, Mr. Herlihy replied that
they were to supervise everything In his
department: but he 'testified that he did
not supervise anything on the morning of
the 22d,: and he further stated that Cap
tain Ward came to his room on the night
of the 21st and said to him: 'Mr. Herlihy,
I will give my Instructions to the engine-'
room without' calling you.' .
Case of the Chief Engineer.
by saloons. When he was arrested a bot-
nesses could be secured, it became ap
parent that Moulton was Buffering so
badly from drugs or alcoholic stimulants,
or both, that he had no fixed idea In
firing the shots.
Moulton at the Theater.
On Thursday night Moulton occupied a
box at the Broadway Theater, purchasing
elx tickets, only one of which he used.
His actions at the theater attracted at
tention both in the audience and on the
stage.
After leaving the theater Moulton was
seen to take a number of drinks in near-
fatuation and jealousy, either for Miss
Buckley or for Miss Jennie Seligman. of
the eame company, and that he mistook
Miss Buckley for Miss Sellgman when he
eaw her In the Rathskeller. Subsequent
ly, when the testimony of numerous wit-
left Elfie, e» he rose from his chair. The
fourth passed through Miss Buckley's
dress. b«lng deflected from its course by
a blow from Leffingwell In an effort to
knock the revolver from the would-be
essaesin's hand. The last shot went wild.
The motive for the shooting is not very
clear. It was believed at first that Moul
ton was suffering from a bad case of in-
wall in the fleshy part of the back, on the
by Moulton. the first penetrated the sleeve
«f Mr. Leffir.gweH's coat. Just gTazlng his
lor^ariru The skin -was not broken- • The
second shot passed along the front of
DingwaU's vest, cutting the cloth for an
inch or two. The third shot struck Ding-
The cellar was in an uproar. Guests and
"waiters ran toward Moulton, women
•creamed and the manager and the de
tective of the hotel soon overpowered the
infuriated* man.~ Of the five shots fired
Bullet Hits Miss Buckley's Dress.
know to the frequenters of the cellar as
"the officers' quarters," when Moulton.
mho had been drinking or partaking of
morphine, or both, appeared before 'them
iur.d began to abuse the party and to use
profane language, .his insults being di
rected largely toward the actress. His
words were resented, and he drew a 32
caliber revolver and began to discharge Jt.
He fired five shots in all, only four of
¦which took effect, in any quarter. Only
one Aid any damage, the shot which
pierced Dlngwall's back.
Dingwall, John D. IvefSr.gwtll and Miss
Buckley's aunt were sitting in a booth
ry yEW YORK. March 22.— A highly
r^k I sensational shooting took place
' early to-day in the Rathskeller
of the P&bst Hotel, corner of
Brcadway and Forty-second
6tr*et. Robert H. Moulton. a. young- ex-
Etudent nf architecture, and more recent
jv a men .about town, .wanted., by the,
rxjlice for" the "passing "of bogus checks,
was the assailant; a. young woman now
playing in the melodrama, "The Prince
of Peace."' at the Broadway Theater, was
The target at which he shot, and Alex
ander W. Dingwall. manager of that the
ater, was the victim. Dingwall is now in
the Roosevelt Hospital with a bullet In
his back. His wound is not a. dangerous
The accounts cf the affair vary to a
©orisideraWe degree. The most accredited
version was that Miss May Buckley, Mr.
United States District Judge 'de Haven
Issued an order yesterday authorizing
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse to take testimony for the purpose
of appraising the value of the Rio de Ja
neiro and also the value of the freight.
Will Appraise Wreck of Rio.
"The evidence given by Mr. Herlihy, chief
engineer of the steamship City of Rio da
Janeiro, is conclusive that he was Inatten
tive to the duties of his position on the
morning of February. 22 last, and for such
neglect of duty on his part we have thU
day, under section 4450. "United States Re
vised Statutes, revoked his license as
chief engineer of ocean steamers. Very
respectfully, - **O. F. BOiLL.ES.
"JOHN K.BCLGER.'
"Local Inspectors.'*
"Had Mr. Herlihy been at his post
and fully dressed, as lie should have
been on this occasion, it is reasonable
to suppose that he would have heard
the signal -which -was given from the
bridge ' to'/'xnan the boats. He coul'l
then have called the officers and the
balance of the crew in his department
to the upper deck to their boat sta
tions, which action, we believe, would
have resulted in saving more lives.
"He said he was the only offender; he
did not get anv orders to man the boats.
and said that that accounted for the rea
son that so many of those men went
down. .'¦'•'.-:¦
It was arranged . between himself and
Captain Ward as to the speed under cer
tain bells. "When he wanted to go very
slow he rang two bells.
Herlihy's License Revoked. __
"When the ship struck he ran down into
the engine-room, the engines were stopped
and. the. water, was -coming through tha
alleyway to the platform, but he had all
the injections closed, the bilge pumps put
on the biiges and then gave orders to the
men on watch to leave the engine-room.
When asked If he ordered his men to
stand by the boats he said he had received
no orders to do so, but would not swear
that the signal was not given. He left all
the men in his department at the donkey
boiler, on the main deck, to await orders,
and then went to his room to dress him
self, notwithstanding that during all this
time the lights had all gone out, and four
minutes after he entered his room the
ship sank." When asked if It was not his
place to order the men to stand by the
boats when nothing more could be done
with the pumps, he said that that was
the custom. He testified that the chief
engineer was supposed to be at his post
and to order and see his men at their sta
tions when leaving or entering port, but
on this occasion the men were not called.
ENGIIs-EER OF THE RIO ANT> PI
LOT CENSURED BY THE UNITED
STATES INSPECTORS.
THE first official decision fixing re
sponsibility for the wreck of the
Rio de Janeiro and the fearful loss
of' life attendant thereon was
handed down yesterday by Cap
tains O. F.I Bolles and John K. . Bulger,
United States Inspectors , of Hulls and
Boilers. This ; decision places the blame
for the -wreck upon the late Captain
"Ward and Pilot Jordan. The pilot, being a
State officer, Is not under the Jurisdiction
of the United States inspectors, and they
have no power to punish him. The State
Board of Pilot Commissioners, that, has
the power, la at present inquiring into
his culpability or innocence.
The inspectors blame the chief, engineer
for inattention to his duty and revoke his
license as chief engineer. He had ten
white men In his charge, consisting of
three engineers, three water tenders,
three oilers and a storekeeper, and the
Inspectors are of the 'opinion that if Chief
Engineer Herlihy had called this force on
deck to man the boats many more lives
would have been saved.
The first few pages of thj decision deal
with the evidence in a condensed his
torical way. and after this come the opin
ion and findings of the inspectors, as fol
low: ;.':¦;. ;:^ AoT, . •
"After careful consideration of this mat
ter' we are of the ¦. opinion that Captain
"Ward" is to blame forallowlng'the steam
ship City of Rio de Janeiro to leave her
anchorage, "as he did, on February 22.
After leaving her \ anchorage the vessel
was in charge of F. "W. -Jordan, State
pilot, who was much to blame for at
tempting ;to , bring the steamship City of
Rio de JanelVo from a safe anchorage into
the harbor* of San Francisco in a dense
fog at night,' with a strong ebb tide run
ning, the current being made stronger and
more uncertain by the freshets in the riv
ers. „
"At her.last inspection; April 28, 1900.
there was on board of the ship eleven life
boats afid "eleven Merafts (4124 cubic feet
capacity); and also 671' itfe-preservers dis
tributed in the steerage and the state
rooms,'with notices of rfaine in each room.'
The Bhlp'^had five \ watertight bulkheads
ter 'there were '. 20fi * persons "on | board the
steamship. Captain ."Ward, master/ all the
officers except the second and third mates
and the chief engineer, sixty-eight pas
sengers and. fifty-four . of the crew were
lost— in all 127 lives. The City of Rio de
Janeiro was valued at $500,000 and her car
go estimated to be worth $400,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.ALFRED STEAD
IN CALIFORNIA
Son of Noted London Editor
Is on His Way to San
* Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.-Alfred Stead
of London, son of the famous London edi
tor, William T. Stead, is a guest of the
Van Nuya. With him Is his bride, former
ly Miss Mary Elaine Hussey of j Indian
apolis. .
Mr. Stead first met his wife last sum
mer at the Paris Exposition, where the
French called her Vthe Beautiful Ameri
can." ¦ Mr. and Mrs. Stead are on their
way to Japan, where he will gather ma
terial for a book treating of the enlarged
commercial relations. of that country.
Mr. Stead is a smooth faced young man,
with refined features and a courteous,
gentle manner. He is associate editor of
the Review of Reviews, owned by. his
father. The couple will- leave for San
Francisco via , the coast line ¦ to-morrow
morning. They will sail on the Gaelic and
•their voyage will include a stop-over- at
Honolulu, - where Mr. Stead will study
Chinese and Japanese labor conditions.'
Mrs.' Stead. is the daughter of William
Penn Hussey. head of the Standard Dry
Kiln Company of Indlanapoli3.
NOT ANXIOUS
FOR CONFERENCE
Mine Owners Give President
Mitchell Litih En
couragement.
PHILADELPHIA, March 22.— Answers
have been received by President Mitchell
of the United Mine Workers of America,
from some of the presidents of ;¦ the
anthracite coal carrying railroads, to the
letter sent from Scranton, under date of
March 19, by himself and the presidents
of the three United Mine Workers dis
tricts, asking them to meet the United
Mine Workers' officials in a conference
prior to April 1, bo that a strike of. the
anthracite miners may be avoided.
President Mitchell declines to state
what the character of the replies so far
received is, but if they are of the same
tenor as the reply of one of the presidents
ho cannot feel ¦ much- encouraged at* his
efforts to bring about a conference with
t*he operators. .
In the reply of the anthracite president
referred to President Mitchell is advised
that the company he represents reiterates
what has been stated In former communi
cations, that the company cannot and will
not recognize those not In its service,- but
that it is willing. and ready at all times
to hear those In its. actual employ upon
any grievance ' that • they may have. A
dispatch from Scranton says: , ¦¦ ¦. :
"President Mitchell .when seen to-day
appeared to be dejected. and- 'refused '-: to
make any statement for publication. . The
direct question was asked: 'Have any an
swers been received from the operators?'
The miners' leader hesitated several mo
ments before he answered. He finally re
plied: 'Wo have received letters from sev
eral of » the operators in response ¦ to the
communications we sent them, but' fur
ther than that I have nothing to say." 1 .
COTTON" AND CHURCH
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Blaze in a Mississippi City Causes a
Loss of One . Hundred Thou
sand Dollars.
GREENVILLE; Miss.. March 22.— Fire
this afternoon in the . Greenville . cotton
compress and adjoining property did tlOO,
000 damage. The cotton loss is. 1500 bales,'
valued at -¦ $70,000. :-. Fanned by.'- the i wind .
which was blowing a gale, the fire crossed
the ¦ Yazoo and Mississippi /Valley - Rail
road, destroyed the New, Hope First Bap
tist • Church, , and then, swept into Steele
street, . destroying seven s tenement • houses
and -most of the contents.'
Boundary to Be Remarked.
SEATTLE, March 22.-C. H. Sinclair, a
Government expert.,will leave within a
short: time to remark the international
boundary ih the Mount Baker, district.
Captain ;J.,F.,P.ratt of the United States
Coast and Geodetic* Survey . said to-day
that, the boundary was not to be changed,
but simply to be remarked. Obliterated
posts. ; monuments and -other landmarks
would be restored and new ones, would' be
placed," to bring the marks close together
and prevent the possibility of error in the
future.
Release for Pugilists.
GALVESTON, Tex., , March ,' Z2.— Jo«
Choynski and Jack Johnson, after, twen-"
ty-f our days' imprisonment ' in "¦ the :, Gal
veston • County Jail, ¦> charged with- prize
lighting, .were released to-day on. a bond
of $1000 each; fixed by the Court of Crim
inal Appeals. . Choynski and Johnson left
Galveston to-night, t the former going to
his home at La Grange, 111. ;
Wants Receiver Appointed.
COLUMBUS,^ Ohio?, : March : f 22— D wight
A. ¦ Forbes made an application ' to-day . for
a> receiver; fori the \ National Investment
Company, of ;• Cincinnati. The. company
r.^ 1^; *. n debentures. Forbes claims ;the
liabllities^are . $320,449, . and the assets 'are
only |40,000. " ¦-. ¦¦¦ . -V... .-¦"••
KAISER FROWNS
ON CRITICISMS
German Ruler Disapproves
of Comment Up^on Gov
•rnment Action.
BERLIN, March 22.— Emperor William
to-day received in audience the officers of
the Reichstag and Diet, who told of tho
Indignation expressed, by the members of
their respective houses at the recent out
rage committed on his Majesty at Bre
men and conveyed the congratulations of
the members at his Majesty's escape. .
In his reply Emperor William, accord-
Ing to a number of evening papers, said
he had been sorely grieved by the mur
derous attempt, and ¦ he complained with
evident emotion of the "demoralization of
youth."
"All classes of ths population bear the
guilt of present conditions." said the Em
peror. 'The measures of the Government
are" too heatedly criticized. Since the
death of Emperor William. I the authority
of the crown has Buffered greatly."
The Emperor to-day drove out for the
first time since the outrage. .He visited
the -Imperial mausoleum at Charlotten
burg In a closed carriage, accompanied by
the Empress, deposited a wreath and re
turned to the castle. ,Thelr Majesties
were everywhere warmly welcomed. The
entire route was , lined with horse gen
darmes, and around the mausoleum and
Inside was a strong detachment of crown
guards. ¦¦¦-.• ¦¦ . . . . i.-.
The Emperor looked strong and well. It
is rumored that while confined to the pal
ace | he played almuat * every evening the
game ; of cards . called ','scat,"^ to which
General von Podblelski, Imperial Post
master General, who excels In the game
was; regularly- blddejj. ¦ '
Advancement for Colonel Bell.
WASHINGTON, March 22.-Colonei
Abraham Arnold, First Cavalry, will re
tire for age on March 24. His retirement
will make Lieutenant Colonel- James M
Bell a colonel of cavalry. Colonel Bell is
now, a brigadier general of .volunteers nml
is onrhls way to this country from th£
Fhillppines.\.-fee ¦ will be placed 'in corn
mand or one of: the new cavalrv rp^t
PhllfppnTel" rgranlze U for serviced fthe
Prominent : Montana Man Dead
' HELENA;-. Mont., March* 22.— Zehas" E.
Evans, father of Mrs. Marcus Daly and
Mrs. ~ J. Ross ' Clark,-, wife > of the brother
of Senator.W.A^Clark. la dead at aS"
conda. ; He was 79 years of age and'canTa
to Montana in the early 'eo's from; P^
sylvania. Y rromPenn-
ATTORNEY ACQUIRES
AN OPTCTM "JOINT"
Attaches the Place to Satisfy a $20
Client.
Judgment Against a Chinese
SAN JOSE, March 22.— James J. Smith,
tho Police Court attorney, on a writ' of
attachment to-day came into control of
an. elaborately decorated opium "Joint" In
Chinatown. Smith had served as attor
ney for Ah Leon Fat, and when he de
manded his $20 fee the Celestial refused to
pay. Suit was brought and -in Justice
Rosenthal's court he obtained judgment
against Leon Fat to-day. A writ of at
tachment was placed in Constable Haley's
hands, and all -he could find to levy on
was the opium Joint. This was swooped
down upon. ,
The place, which has been»patronlzed by
many whites, was found to be gorgeously
fitted up. There were couches, soft pil
lows, expensive rugs and- mattings and
some handsome and costly furniture. A
half dozen complete outfits for smoking
opium— pipes, trays, lamps, needles, pills,
etc.— were levied upon. Smith has locked
up the place, but as a strict watch is now
kept on Chinatown and times are dull
there It is believed the attorney will be
obliged to keep the outfit.
PERILS ENCOUNTERED
BY NOME PROSPECTORS
Are Blown Back to Land
by a Gale.
Men Carried to Sea on an Ice Floe
SEATTLE, March 22.— According to
Skapuay papers which arrived here to
day another Nome mall has arrived there.
It was brought up the river by the regular
mail carriers and consisted of five sacks.
Harry Roinhardt of Skaguay received a
letter from G. J. Kalash, written In Nome
on January 7. It was as follows:
Dr. O. F. Sneaxl and two others left Nome
on New Tears day t>*stak« claims. When they
did not return in a week the Arctic Brother
hood -sent out a relief expedition. When the
prospectors w»re found Dr. Snearl was almost
dead from exhaustion. He was hauled to town
on a tried.
F. C. Klmball. chief clerk of the mall ser
vice, and a companion were carried out to s?&
by an ice floe. When they had been out to
*ea forty-eight hours without food or shelter
and all seemed lost, the wind chanred and
blew a grale, carrying them back to land
SUNSET DISTRICT LIN^l
SOON TO BE UNDER WAY
President Beal Announces That All
Is in Readiness for Beginning
Construction.
BAKERSFIELD, March 22.— C. N. Beal
president of the Sunset Railroad Com
pany, returned to this city from San
Francisco to-day. He says the prelimi
naries for the construction of the Sunset
ooifn% d t«°5 eP ' Proposed route from
Gosford to Sunset have been arranged and
that work will begin on the road at once.
Of Interest to the Coast.
1 WASHINGTON, March 22.-Postofflces
have been established: California-Wins
low, Glenn County, George H. Laraway.
Postmaster. Oregon— AJax, Gllliam Coun
ty, Natie Adlard, Postmaster. Discon
tinued April K, California— Union House,
Sacramento County; mail to Franklin.
Postmasters have been commissioned as
follows: California— Herbert C. Foster,
Corona. Oregon-Jacob . Bartrlck, Nobl.?.
Washington— William H. Packer. Burley;
Christopher Carrothers. Otis. Appointed-
California— Peter Matson, Colllspring. San
Jaclnto County, vice B. Harrell, removed.
Washington— L. K. Granteer, Lake Bay,
Pierce County, vice El Otto LJchtenberg,
mylfrnetl. BMnSi
.Pensions issued to-day were: California
—Original— Christopher Bergman, Grass
¦Valley.- $6/ Restoration and reissued—
John Whalm (dead), Oakland. J10. Origi
nal widows— Mary Whalin, Oakland, J8.
Special accrued March 13— Marthea J.
Hook, Los Angeles. $S; Lovlna Taylor.
Santa' Paula. *8. War with Spain—Origi
nal—John McClintic, Berkeley. $6.
Oregon— Original— Clarkson L. Beeson,
Grouse, $8. Mexican war widows'— Mellsra
Pruitt. Prairie City. $9. .
Washington— Original-Charles E. Buck
(dead). Cheney. $8. Additional— Albert J.
York, Walla Walla, $6. Original widows-
Mary Buck, Cheney, $8.
Contract Laborers Dsported.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— Assistant
Secretary'of the' Treasury Taylor to-day
ordered the deportation of fifteen Span
lard^ who landed at New York March 4
en rouTe to Boise, Idaho, where they were
to eneaee in she-o herding. They were
came in violation of the ,zAen contract
labor; law.TWHI
VICTORIA, B, C. March 22.— Hope for
the safety of the salmon ship Ardnamur
chan has been all -but given up here be
cause of the receipt of news to-day from
Astoria In a private message of the find
ing of more salmon marked ,"C. C. -C.,"
with a hajf. circle .around -the center."
This is tho -mark of , the- salmon shipped,
on the Ardmanurchan and is similar to
that, on the case found some time ago on
the Oregon coast. -The telegram also re
ports the finding of cabin wreckage with
the saimon-sar&vfgsg**; -. •
Picked Up Off the Oregon
Coast.
Salmon Cases and Farts of a Cabin
AH the higher courses for women in the
medical courees of the University of St.
Petersburg have been closed indeflnitel--
by official orders.
MORE WRECKAGE FROM
THE ABDlTAirUECHAN
ST. PETERSBURG. March 22.— In con
nection with the . riots here . the Prefect
has issued a decree forbidding meetings
and assemblages in - the streets and
squares.' Persons infringing this legisla
tion are liable to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding three months and a fine
not exceeding BOO rubles. Curious by
standers, who refuse to disperse, will bo
regarded as no less culpable than the
rioters.
vers Measures to Render Re
currence of Riots Impossible.
Prefect of St. Petersburg Takes Se-
The bonds, amounting to $200,000, were
issued by Pima County under an act of
the Legislature of 1883 to encourage the
construction of a narrow gauge railroad
from Tucson to Globe. The road was be
gun but never finished, and though the
bonds had been turned over to promoters,
the county refused to pay the Interest.
All the bonds are held jn New York.
POLICE ARE ORDERED
TO PREVENT MEETINGS
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 22.— The Terri
torial Supreme Court to-day handed down
an important decision in the matter of the
Pima ' County bonds. It is held that tho
Territory must refund these bonds,
amounting now with Interest to $352,000.
Incidentally the opinion re-establishes the
territorial loan commission, which the
Legislature sought two years ago to
abolish. •
That Costs the Territory
$352,000.
Supreme Court Renders a Decision
ARIZONA MUST REFUND
THE PIMA COUNTY BONDS
One company of convalescent soldiers,
consisting of 130 men under command of
Captain J. M. Arlsmith, Eighteenth In
fantry, arrived at Vancouver Barracks to
day from San Francisco. The detachment
is composed of men of all branches of the
service — infantry, cavalry and artillery-r
and will remain only until such time as
the pests in the Department of the Co
lumbia can be garrisoned by regular or
ganizations. They will be distributed as
follows: Sixty-five men at Vancouver
Barracks, thirty at Boise, Idaho, thirty* at
Walla Walla and twenty-five at Spokane.
PORTLAND, Or., March 22.— Companies
C and M, Seventh Infantry, and troops
E and H. Sixth Cavalry, left to-day over
the Southern Pacific for San Francisco en
route to the Philippines, j The troops have
been stationed at Vancouver Barracks,
Washington; Forts Wright, Walla Walla,
Osbum and Boise. . '- ;
From Nprthern Forts and
Barracks.
Infantry and Cavalry Are Coming
TEOOPS EN ROUTE ;v-
TO SAU" FRANCISCO
SAMUEL M. CLEMENS (MARK TWAIN), THE NOTED HUMORIST AND
AUTHOR, WHOSE RECENT ARTICLE ON THE REV. . MR. ' AMENT
1 HAS AROUSED THE IRE OF MISSIONARIES IN CHINA.
Review, demanding: that Mark Twain re
cant his alleged libelous attack '<in Rev.
\V. S. Ament of the American Board of
Foreign Missions. Ament has left for '
the United States and will doubtless take
up the matter personally upon his arrival
there.
The Rev. Messrs. Tewksbury, Wherry
and Scheffield are the most active, in ex
pressing the indignation of the mission
aries.
When lnte'rviewed at New York Thurs
day concerning the action of the mission
aries'. Clemens declined to say Just what
reply he would make to the demand that ¦
he recant his attack on several mission
aries. It was learned, however, that the
humorist will have much more to Bay on
the Bubject in the April issue of the North
American Review.
Andrew Merchant.
SEATTLE. March 22.— Andrew Mer
chant, a pioneer of the Northwest, died
to-day of heart failure, aged 61 years.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Frederick A. Muhlenbsrg.
READING. Pa-. March 22.— The Rev. Dr.
Frederick A. Muhlenburg. one of the best
known Lutheran clergymen In America
died yesterday, aged E2 years. He was
th*» first preBidtnt o f Muhlenburp Colic**
pnd for fourteen years was professor of
Greek In the Lniversity of Pennsylvania
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 22.—
President Arthur T. Hadley of Yale will
Rddress the students here in the Assem
bly Hall next Tuesday afternoon.
Hadley to Talk at Stanford.
Falls From Firehouse Roof.
SANTA CLARA. March 22.— John Weis
frber of the Santa Clara tannery met
with an accident Wednesday which may
result in his death. He was removing the
flag from the tannery nrehouse when h<»
lost his fontins anJ fell thirty feet. The
tx-inec of his left thigh were crushed and
he is internally injured.
Hurricane Sweeps New Hebrides.
VANCOrVER, B. C, March 22.-An
nther hurricane ha.« swept over the New
Hebrides Inlands with disastrous effects.
New Caledon!a. in particular, suffered
from the devastating effects of a tre
mendous windstorm, driving several vpp
p»1s ashore and playing havoc with the
Xickel Company's property. Treen were
uprooted. plantations destroyed and
houses wrecked, although there was no
?o«s of life. At Tonsra four pood Mzed
f=hip<« wpre driven ashore and completely
wrecked.
The Call Is offering its read
ers the best atlas on the mar
ket for $1.50.
Call at ths business office of
this paper and satisfy your
self as to the merit of this of
fer. If you want a really fine
book of reference it is impos
sible to secure a book to equal
Cram's Atlas of the World.
Cram's Atlas is the best and
most reliable atlas published
in America. Do not order any
other work until you have
carefully examined. The Call's
premium atlas and fully sat
isfied yourself as to its vast
superiority over any other
atlas.
By purchasing in large
quantities -we are enabled to
offer all Call readers this su
perb book of reference for the
small sum of $1.50, or about
one-fifth of the regular sub
scription pries.
NEW YORK. March 22.-A special to
the Sun from Dover, XT H., says: Baron
H. I*, de GInzeberg, who in a lecture
Wednesday evening said that Lord Kltch
oner had been captured by the Boers and
probably would be sent home, was asked
to-day in regard to the authenticity of his
news. He stuck resolutely to his state
ment and said that his Information came
oirect from the eeat of war, but would
not show a copy of the dispatch.- Baron
de Glnzeberg wrote on a slip of paper the
following, which he said was what the
dispatch contained, the name and address
of the sender bein^ withheld:
"Kitchener caught last Friday or
Thursday by the Boers in British uni
form. LikeJy to go home shortly."
He showed a number of letters and dis
patches, which he said were in cipher
and conveyed secret information of Boer
fj>era lions.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Claims He Has Direct News
of the Event From
South Alrica.
Baron de Ginztog
Says the Story
Is True.
KITCHENER
CAPTIVE IN
BOER CAMP
DALLAS, Texas, March 22.-E. A. Cudahy,
Omaha, Neb.: H. C. Henderson, now in Jail
htre. ¦ c-onfecses to kidnaping your son. He
«aya your ton \rlll identify him. Bend your
sat en next train. Answer quick.
J. H. JOHNSON, 'Sheriff.
When told that the Omaha police dis
credited Henderson's' complicity in the
Cudahy kidnaping. Sheriff Johnson said:
I know he is the right man. His confession
tu me is a email item, only part of the evi
dence I possess. If I had turned Henderson
Icuse at any time since his arrest early in \
February I am satisfied offlcers from Omaha
vr.ulii have grabbed him up and hurried him
there. Mr. Cudahy will naturally listen much
t j the officers of his own town, but he should
not be opposed to listening to others.
Sheriff Johnson tried to induce Hender
son to make a statement for the press.
Henderson refused, saying:
"I will not talk to newspaper men until
after Eddie Cudahy comes and talks to •
me. When I have had a talk with the
boy I will then be willing to make a state
ment for publication."
Sheriff Johnson says among the state
ments made to him by Henderson was one
to the effect that Pat Crowe had no hand
in the kidnaping; that the chief partici
pant in the kidnaping of young Cudahy Is
a member of one of the prominent families 1
of Omaha who escaped from prison, !
where he was serving a fifteen years' sen
tence for robbery, several years ago.
OMAHA, March 22.— Chief of Police
Donahue was shown the dispatch from
Dallas, stating that the Sheriff there had
appealed to Mr. Cudahy to send his son
to Dallas to identify the man Henderson,
under sentence for a crime in that city.
The Chief said the telegram had been
referred to him by Air. Cudahy. He said
Mr. Cudahy would not send his son, and
that he (the Chief) would have nothing
whatever to do with the case. When Hen
derson was arrested his photograph was
sent to Chief Donahue, who showed it to
all the persons who had seen the abduc
tors and none of them could identify him.
The Chief of Police says there is absolute
ly no evidence to connect Henderson with
the case, and he will not act on Hender
son's copfession at all.
Henderson Is the man whom Chief Don
ahue investigated when arrested in Dal
las early in February. A picture of Pat
Crowe was found in Henderson's trunk at
the time, and It was suspected he might
know something of the kidnaping.
ing for funds to employ a lawyer to de
iend him on a trumped-up charge. He
Eaid that he had been accused of being
connected with the Cudahy kidnaping
case, but that he was innocent.
DALLAS, Tex.. -March 22.— At. noon to- \
day Sheriii Johnson sent the - following 1
telegram to Omaha:
Omaha Police Officials Refuse to Be
lie v» That the Texas Man
Was Involved in tho
Crime *
OGDEX. Utah. March 22.— The wife. of
H. E. Henderson, the man who has con
fessed to being implicated in the Cudahy
kidnaping case, is a well-known resident
of Oeden, where she has resided for . a
number of years. Mrs. Henderson, for
merly Miss Mary Moss; says she first met
Henderson in California in 1899. He pro
posed marriage, but was refused. " Later
he came to Ogden and they were married
in September, 1899, by Bishop McQuarrie.
Henderson first claimed to be an Austra
lian, but prior to Jiis marriage said he
was H. EJT Henderson, son of the Prose
cuting Attorney of Marshalltown, Iowa,
After marriage they went to Dallas,
Tex., and lived In a fashionable boarding
house. Mrs. . Henderson says they moved
around to sex-erai places and a year ago*
moved to Denver. While there she learned
that Henderson was not the son of the
Prosecuting Attorney of Marshalltown.
Iowa. She then left her husband and
came to Ogden. Henderson followed
shortly afterward and they went to Los j
Angeks. There he admitted the untruth?
about his former records and was later
arrested on some charge preferred by a
woman. He got bait and was told to leave
the country.
Mrs. Henderson says she heard nothing
more from him until a few days ago, when
a letter was received from Henderson ask-
Woman Who Wedded Hen
dersoD, Alleged Cudahy
Kidnaper, Explains.
WIFE RECALLS
HIS FALSEHOODS
One of Bullock's sisters, Lady Gooch.
was presented the last drawing room held
by the late Queen Victoria. All his broth
ers are famed in the commercial and
financial world of the metropolis of ;ho
British empire and in more tjian one aris
tocratic household his death will be
mourned. A dozen of his old friends here
followed the humble coffin to Its resting
place in the graveyard.
NANAIMO, B. C, March 22.— Arthur
Bullock, formerly interested in a bank in
Los Angeles, who was found dead on his
knees beside his bed In his room In tha
Victoria Crescent' her© several days agro,
was one of the pioneers of British Colum
bia and had attained his sixty-fifth year.
He was quietly buried here to-day.
Arthur Bullock was a member of a well
known and wealthy family of Sydenham,
London, and in the course of his wander
ings had amassed no fewer than four for
tunes, one of them, a very largre one. j His
passion for social enjoyment helped him
to go through them all and die a compara
tively poor man. He came to this prov
ince thirty years ago and went into the
trading business at New "Westminster, on
the Fraser River. Here he did very well,
selling his interest- in* the business for a
large sum. He then went to Victoria
and there made a fortune. Prom his first
appearance in the province he was noted
as a lavish entertainer, a man who would
give a dance, a card party or a symposium
of choice spirits on the {.lightest provoca
tion /and spend money recklessly to make
his guests happy. From Victoria he came
to Nanaimo and opened the first really
big: business house then *n existence north
of Victoria in the dry goods line. He made
money "hand over fist," as the sayingr is,
and at the end of a few years sold out
and revisited his aristocratic relatives in
England, spending there a year or two.
He went into the banking: business in
Los Angeles and lived there In princely
style, entertaining like a lord. He had* a
beautiful place and his social functions
were famed throughout that part of the
State. From Los Angeles he went to
Mexico on learning that there was a good
opening In the silver mining industry in
that country. This venture also prospered
in his hands. Kverythmg he touched
seemed to turn to gold, though his friends
knew well that behind all the seeming
good fortune there was a brain of rate
shrewdness, which, on matters of busi
ness, was ~ seldom deceived.
After carrying the Mexican venture to
a successful issue he returned to the north
and plunged heavily In real estate specu
lation. It was here that the tide of his
fortune turned and up to the time of his
death he had not recovered from several
Indiscreet ."buys" Into which he had been
led. He was the holder of an enormous
amount of real estate in North Vancouver
City and this, with an unlucky invest
ment here brought him Into shoal water.
Bullock was never married, but, like a
good many other old bachelors, he pos
sessed charming: manners that won tho
favor of the fair sex. He was well bred
and of more than ordinary accomplish
ments and reading and he had been all
over the world.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
mise Be Mourned.
Ang-sles Han's Sad De-
la Many Aristocratic Households in
England Will the Former Los
Arthur Bullocks Meteoric
Career Ed ds in Death
at Nanaimo.
WIHS AND LOSES
FOUR FORTUNES
Great Interest Taken in the Action of Minister^ at Peking
in Demanding That the Humorist Recant His Alleged
Libelous Attack on Rev. Mr. Ament of American Board
PEKING, March 22. — There was
considerable discussion here to
day in reference to the action of
the Missionary •. Association In
holding a meeting and decid
ing to -telegraph to the North 'American
"Clemens," said a friend of the ' writer,
"declares he did not want to write the
forthcoming 'article, but that It was
forced from him by the statements of mis
sionaries. . Clemens hopes they will like
it, but he has doubts."
INDIGNATION OF MISSIONARIES
OVER MARK TWAIN'S CRITICISM
QUEEN TO VISIT
HER RELATIVES
Alexandra Leaves England
Without King Edward
for Copenhagen.
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York Depart Prom Gibraltar
and Will Next Stop at . vx
LONTX5N, March 22. — Queen Alexandra
started for Copenhagen this morning.
King Edward accompanied her Majesty
to the Victoria station, where he bade her
farewell.
BRUSSELS, March 22.— Queen Alexan
dra arrived In Brussels this evening,
traveling In the same white saloon car
used by the then Prince of "Wales at tha
time of the attempt on his life by Slpldo.
All the curtains of the train were drawn.
The British Minister to Belgium, Edmund
C. Phipps, presented a bouquet to her
Majesty, and the train then proceeded for
Copenhagen.
GIBRALTAR. March 22.— Th© steamship
Ophir, with the Duke and Duchesg, of
Cornwall and York on board, sailed for
Malta this morning, the storm which had
prevailed having subsided. All the war
ships in port were manned and salutes
fired as the Ophir steamed out of tha
harbor.
MALTA. Island of Malta. March 22.— A
half dozen vessels of the British Mediter
ranean squadron have been located nlonj?
the course of the Ophlr, so as to com
municate by wireless telegraphy with the
telegraph stations along the coast and
to report to Vice Admiral Sir John Ar
buthnot Fisher at the squadron headquar
ters here the exact position of the Duke
and Duchess of Cornwall and York from
time to time as well as to test the strate
gical value of wireless telegraphy and to
pay a compliment to the I>uke and Duch
ess.
BIG BATTLESHIP
GETS OFF SAJHJ> BAB
Massachusetts Towed Out of Pensa-
cola Harbor and Is Found to
Bj Uninjured. . ..' •
WASHINGTON, March 22.-Navy De
partment officials' were relieved of all ap
prehension concerning the big battleship
Massachusetts, which ran aground la
Pensacola harbor while on her way out
to sea yesterday morning, by the receipt
of the following telegram from Captain
Keislnger, commanding the Pensacola
yard, dated Warrington. Fla.. March 22:
"Massachusetts got off about 5 a. m.,
towed by Leonldas outside. Has Joined
the squadron. Sent lighters to her last
night. "Will wire particulars later."
Admiral Karquhar. commander In chtef
of the North Atlantic squadron, has tele
graphed the Navy Department as fol
lows, under date of Pensacola, March 22:
, "Massachusetts has been floated. Ap
parently not damaged. Will sail soon as
ahe has taken on board her stores."
N0 WEDDING WrTHOTJT
A MEDICAL CERTTFICATB
Minnesota Senate Passss Bill to Pre
vent Marriage of Insane, Epilep-
tic and Idiotic Persons.
ST. PAUL, March 22.— The State. Senata
to-day passed Senator Chllton's bill pro
hibiting the marriage of insane, epileptta
and Idiotic persons and requiring: a medi
cal certificate of all applicants for mar
riage licenses. Amendments were adopted
making the ' physician's certificate not
quite so sweeping and to permit the mar
riage of any feeble minded person over 43
years of age. the bill originally having:
extended such permission only to women.
Stift Loses to Creedon.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 23.— Dan
Creedon easily defeated Billy 8tlft to
night, putlng him out in the fifth round
before about 2000 people, in the arena of
the Whittington Park Club. After the sec
ond round Stiffs friends had little hope.
Stift seemed in excellent condition and
struck a vigorous blow, but could not hit
Creedon. The latter received only on*
blow that Jarred him and this was a light
swing on the Jaw in the third round.
Creedon played for the jaw when ha
found he could hit Stift and paid but lit
tle attention to the body. He knocked
Stift down in the third round and to hjs
knees again in the fourth. Creedon's in
fighting was terrific and he always got
the better of the clinches, landing with
his left on the jaw at the breakaway.
Stift was put out by a short Jab on tha
point of the chin. ¦
m
Hundreds of Colonists.
SPOKANE, March 22.— Fourteen hun
dred home seekers arrived hers to-day
over the Northern Pacific, the Great
Northern and the Burlington. They were
carried In double trains, making six sec
tions in all. About 400 stopped off at Spo
kane, of whom 150 will go on to Portland
and Puget Sound.
THE SAN FBANCISCO s CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1901.
CRAM'S ATLAS OF THE
WORLD.
2
ADVEBTISE&ZNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OB.MEYEHS&CO,
Specialists. Dis-
ease and Weakness
of men. 'Estab-
lished 1S8L Consul-
tation • and private
book free, at office
or by mall. Cures
guaranteed. 731
Market street (ele-
v a t o r entrance).
Ban - Francisco.
Mrs. Charles Gormley of Memphis says-
Lamt winter an attack of the grip left me
with weak back, a persistent cough and
loss of flesh and appetite, and after using
various remedies for several months with
little or no Imnrovement I finally bought
a EO-vent package of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets at my drugstore, and as they were
pleasant and convenient,- to take I. used
them at all times of day or nlsht, and I
was astonished to secure such fine results
from so pleasant and convenient a medi-
cine. In two weeks my cough disap-
peared, my appetite returned. I Improved
In flesh and color, and no one would now
think that I had ever bad such a thins as
th" grip.
My druggist told me he sold more 1 of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for the cure of
prlp. colds and catarrh than any other
similar medicines.' . , ' - s- . ¦
Phj-slrlans and prlp suffereM alike are
erreed that tha after effects of the dis-
ease are more *o be feared than tho acute
attack: you can never be sure that the
ci!=ea*e has left the system completely
La OripD<» naturally attacks the weakest
or«ran and leaves it still weaker.
Not only pneumonia, consumption, bron-
chitis and throat trouble follow the grip
hut kidney, liver and stomach are trou-
bles Just as liable to reeult. provided any
of these orpans should happen to be In a
w#>ak condition at the time of attack
To get rid of the grip germ, to get it en-
tirely out of the system and blood few
r«>me<Iies are so pnod and none safer' than
Rtuart's Catarrh Tablets. They are not a
compound of powerful and dangerous
drugs, but a uleasant, palatable, conve-
nient remedy In tablet form, composed of
the wholesome antiseptic principles of eu-
ralyptus bark. Wood mot and similar
permicJde remedies, which are pe-fectly
wholesome and harmless to the sj-stem
but death to th* germs of grip, catarrh'
consumption \nd diseases of the throat
and air passages.
Itself.
Are Often More Serious Than the Grip
AFTER EFFECTS OF GRIP.
If You Hare Rheumatism
Send no money,' but writeDf.Shoop.Raclne.Wli.;
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. Snoop" a Rheumatic
Cure.e*-f.pald. If cured payJ3. 50. If not.lt la free*
, To 'Cure a Cold; iii One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinint" Tablet*. 250. •
Spring Humors
of the Blood
Come to a large majority of people.
Probably 75 per cent of these -are
cured every year by Hood's SarSapa-
rilla, and we hope by this advertise-
ment to get the other 25 per cent to tak«
this great Spring Medicine.
. It will sharpen your appetite, cuts
all stomach troubles, "relieve that tired
feeling.
Its strength as a blood purifier is
demonstrated by its marvelous cures of
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head > Bolla, Pimples
All Kinds of Humor Psoriasis
Blood Poisoning Rheumatism .
Catarrh Malaria, Etc
AH of which are prevalent now. #jS ; r»
Hood's
Subset par i II a
Will do you a wonderful amount of
good. Be sure to eet Hood's.
A visit OR. JORDAN'S orcat
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A Gfc i3axASZXT3x.t«.iai?iaT.ai.
T HT TkaLaxnrtAaateaiealMaMaaiiaclM
A ~T^ V/ortd. Witniim or any coattacMd
ft IK 31 Spoa»Jl»«c* Oi»' Cout. Eit jU r«n-
A J^?4 08. JOTOAN-Pfinf ATE DISEASES,
vA I YiI7H Tn itment p«r»onally of b» l«ttsr. A
V i W <5 8 /w.(wf Cw«la«Twycu«iiadeiUiMtt.
\ljf 1)1 Writ* for Book. r«IL«»Of«l •*
y DIl iuBO AH * €•.. 1061 Market 3t .3. t.
OR.MEYERS&Cp.
ease and Weakness ||B .
Market street (e'e- Jv^fflA^W
San Francisco. ' .^^^£^^^^^gS^GREAT BRITAIN'S NAVY
TO EQUAL TWO OTHERS
Water Tube" Boilers Will Not Be Used
Unless Construction of Vessels
May Be Delayed.
LONDON, March 22.— During the discus
sion in the - House of Commons of the
naval^ estimates Arnold Forster, Parlia
mentary Secretary^ to the Admiralty, as
sured-the House that the estimates: Were
framed strictly on the basis of keeping the
British navy, equal ; to. the navies of anv
two other naval powers combined. He said
the Admiralty, did not propose to remove
the water^ tube boilers from all the exist
ing warships, as some of these boilers
were doing, excellent' work and another
type^of boiler had not been decided upon
but he promised that water tube boilers
W £ U L d ' n . ot be put in ? new warships pro
vided this . course would not delay their
completion." •: . '..?.;¦*¦*¦ - - :
Guests to Visit Logging Camps.
TACOMA, March 22— The Chicago'Com
mercial Club ' spent the • forenoon . In * the
logging camp of the St.: Paul and Tacom.i
Lumber. Company, , fifty : milts . from '• Ta
coma. . They : partook ;of a, lumberman's
dinner, returning to'.Tacoma at 2:30. v> Tho
manufacturing ; districts and r. water i front
were -visited, by special train;; and the day
closed "with ; an • Informal reception at : the
Tacoma Hotel -at' 4 o'clock. '•-
.-. >
this morning withdrawn simultaneously
from the scene of cdnflict. v .-.;•
MUST PREPARE FOR WAR.
culties Are Ahead.
Japan Thinks Some Serious Diffi-
YOKOHAMA, March 22.-The Japanese
press, in discussing the Manchurian con
vention, recognizes the difficulties of Ger
many s position, and admits that what
ever Japan does, she must be prepared to
do wflr. ¦ . ¦ .
as to whether the Government proposed
to ask Germany to act with reference to
Russia's action in Manchuria, the For
eign Secretary, Lord Cranborne, replied
that the Russian Government had repeat
edly declared its Intention to respect the
integrity of China and the British Govern
ment was not aware that Russia had In
fringed It. •
BERLIN, March 22.— Referring to-day to
Lord Cranborne's recent utterances In the
House of Commons, In regard. to the ap
plication of the Anglo-German agreement
to the situation In Manchuria, the Cologne
Gazette says:
"Lord Cranborno is obviously in error.
Count von Bulow left no doubt in the
mind of England before concluding 1 the
Ar.glo-German agreement that It did not
refer to ' Manchuria. British statesmen
must remember this." ,
IMPEBIAL DECREE POSTED.
All Anti-Foreign Societies Threat-
ened With Punishment.
BERLIN, March 22.— Dispatch . to ' the
Cologne Gazette from '¦ ; Peking dated
Thursday, , March 21, says an Imperial de
creeS in accordance with article 10, of the
peace conditions has been placarded ' on
the walls of Peking threatening all anti
foreign societies. with punishment.
"The decree, which Is posted throughout
the city." says the correspondent, .."Is
eagerly read by the population."
RIVAL TROOPS WITHDRAW.
puted Territory.
Russians and . British , Give TJp ; Dis-
,: TIENTSIN, j March 22.— Pending a.
tlement of the question T of -the ownership
of • the disputed territory, %a.U the > sugges
tion of Field Marshal • Count,von Walder- ;
seo. the Russian and ' British troops were
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Refer to Manchuria.
LONDON,' March 22.-Rep1ylng to. a
question in the House of Commons to-de*-
Anglo-German Agreement Does Not
"Great excitement prevails in Japan,"
he said, "over Riissla's efforts to strength
en her hold on Manchuria."
LORD CRANBORNE IN ERROR
At this moment. Mr. Takaharl. the Jap
anese Minister, is not prepared to discuss
the action of his Government, but another
diplomat, who is equally well informed
regarding affairs In Japan, thinks the sit
uation more serious than is generally be
lieved.
Goodnow's suggestion will not be adopted
by the President, as he has no Intention
of forcibly Interfering In China, but It Is
learned to-day that Japan contemplates
making vigorous opposition to the ratifi
cation of the Manchurlan convention. To
meet the objection of the powers, Russia
modified the treaty in several Important
particulars. But, even as modified, the
convention is not satisfactory to Japan,
nor is It acceptable, as shown by the ex
change of cotes that has occurred be
tween Toklo and other governments, to
any of the nations approached.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 22.— In un
mistakable terms Japan has given notice
to the powers of her strong objection to
the treaty regarding Manchuria, which
Russia desires China to sign. Mr. Good
now, United States Consul General at
Shanghai, cabled Secretary Hay to-day
that the proposed treaty had again been
submitted to the Chinese Emperor, and
Russia had demanded Its signature. He
added the suggestion that the United
States Join with Japan and Great Britain
to protect the Chinese Government.
This Action Causes the Situation to Again Become Serious and
. the 'Mikado's Subjects Urge Preparations for War.
JAPAN GIVES NOTICE OF VIGOROUS OBJECTION
TO RUSSIA'S SCHEME TO CONTROL MANCHURIA
TRUCKEE, March 22.— The "601," or
"Vigilantes of Truckee .turned out again to
night, fifty strong and heavily armed with
rifles, shotguns, pistols and sledge ham
mers, to enforce tXir orders of several
days ago that all vicious characters leave
town, never to return. The notices posted
on Tuesday night had been generally
heeded and more than ttfty rogues took
immediate leave. Eleven special notices
were rerved later upon as many of the un
desirable element who had failed to obey
the first warning. It was to enforce these
commands that the organization assem
bled to-night.
In each case It was found that those re
ceiving the special notices had-' departed.
The Vigilantes made a thorough search
through all the disreputable houses, going
Into every room. Where entrance was
not immediately granted, sledgehammers
were used and. the doors broken in.
Three roughs had made open threats
The determination on the part of the
citizens of Truckee to put an end to the
refgn of lawlessness is general, and with
out exception the work of the "601," which
comprises the best citizens of the town
is heartily approved. For the first time
in. many years Truckee has been purged
of violaters of the law, and as the Vigi
lantes' organization has been made perma
nent there is every reason to believe it
will remain so.
that they, would resist to the last the self
imposed authority of the "601." The hour
set for their departure was 8 o'clock to
night, and as that time drew near they
were seen to pack their belonging and
meke haste to get aboard outbound trains.
This afternoon one house which had for
many years been the headquarters of one
of the lowest gangs of "dope fiends" and
thieves, was broken up and those present,
four in number, were on complaint of
citizens arrested and sentenced to the
County Jail.
ROBERT H. PAUL. THE FAM
OUS PIMA COUNTY SHERIFF,
WHO IS DYING.
PRINCIPALS IN A PRETTY
DOUBLE WEDDING CELE
BRATED AT HOLLYHURST.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
P^fT< UCSON. Arl7!., March 22.-Robert
11 11. Paul, the noted peace officer,
II. Is dying. Paul is known over the
Ji Southwest as one of the bravest
officers who has ever served as
Sheriff of Pima County, Arizona. In the
pursuit of bandits. Apaches and "bad"
men he never faltered, and at tho risk
of his life many desperadoes have been
brought to Justice. During the exciting
times at ' Tombstone "Bob" Paul was
Sheriff of Pima County and he enlisted
the famous family ol Earp boys in the
service of the Territory. Afterward tha
Earps came Into prominence as "gun
fighters" In connection with the feud
which arose between them and the Clan
tons.
During the early 70s "Bob" Paul was
Sheriff of Pima; Co;mty, which then em
braced Cochise and Santa Cruz counties
and wcs a domain as large as some of
the Eastern States. During his career as
an officer of the law, wkich began in Cal
averas County. California. Paul has never
been known to show the "white feather."
He was an officer in Calaveras County
during the operations of many famous
gangs of desperadoes and robbers, and,
coming to Arizona, ha began a career
•which was marked by many, deeds of
bravery. r .r - . * -,.
In his seventieth year,- "Bob" Paul 'now
lies at the point of- death in his humble
Tucson home, watched over by his loving
family, who realize that the end is near.
The once powerful man has wasted aWay
until there remains but a mere semblance
of his former self.
TRUCKEE VIGILANTES
ENFORCE COMMANDS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch ¦ to The Call.
PLANS FOR THE COMING
OP PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
VANCOUVER; B. C. March 22,-News
of the total destruction of a village near
Kumasi, New Guinea, and of the murder
by bloodthirsty tribes from the interior of
two miners and their servants, was
brought to Sydney a few daya before tho
sailing of the steamer Miowera, by Rev.
Copeland King, missionary to Guinea.
The natives from the mountains, who
had been for months engaged in an inter
mittent war with dwellers along the coast,
came down from their camp early in the
morning and - demolished , the village.
Twenty-seven natives were killed outright
and their bodies cut up for cannib.'.l
feasts. Forty others were taken prison
ers, and with their hands tied together,
were led inland. Every house in the vil
lage was destroyed.
Just previous to this a terrible murder
Stockton Committee Tells Members of
Preparations for the Grand
Lodge Session.
STOCKTON. March 22.-The executive
committee of arrangements having in
charge the plans for the session, of the
Grand Lodge cf Knights of Pythias, to
be held her! from May 20 to 25 .inclusive,
has issued a circular in which the follow
ing information Is given:
There ia a trio of Knights of Pj-thlas lodges
In Stockton-Charter Oak No. 20. Centennial
No 38 and Nemo No. 161. The executive com
mittee comprises three members from each. A
valuable and pleasing accessory to the Pythian
work in" this locality Is Damon Temple No. 23,
Rathbone Sisters. ; . .
The committee feels that In points or natural
advantage, accessibility by land or water, am-
Die hotel, lodging house ana restaurant ac
commodations, hall facilities and I : . climate,
which In the month of May is ideal. Stockton
possesses all the requisites to make an ac
ceptable meethig place for the Grand Lodge.
The' committee has selected . Masonic Hall,
the best In the. city, for the sessions of the
Grand* Lodge, and that you will find it a
pleasant meeting place we have every reason
to expect. : The programme of the committee,
while yet Incomplete, will be of such a nature
that we trust it will result - In pleasure to
you and meet your approval. Among the fea
tures planned are a reception, open air con
cert on the plaza, an ¦ excursion to Lodl and
Woodbridge to vleNV the San Joaquin Valley
College property, ¦ which' Is offered * to ; the
Grand Lodge: a theatric*! performance, an
evening for D. O. K. K. work and a grand
¦I The executive committee resolved at the very
outset » to take no money from the lodge ex
chequers for this purpose and * If Is glad to
say that the generous, loyal citizens and the
city and county governing bodies are so facil
itating the work of the committee that -It will
secure all > necessary funds without calling on
our t lodges. .' -.-. ¦ • -¦'¦¦- -. ¦
NEW. MEXICO TO HAVE
NEWBAHEOAD LINE
Goulds and Rockefellers Intend to
Build Into \ Standard Oil Com- ;
pany's Copper Possessions.
/ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex. , March 22.—
The Dally ; Citizen this afternoon prints a
statement from- a . New Yorker, who Is
staying at Las Cruces for his health. and
who is close .to the ! Goulds and Rockefel
lers. He declares they propose ' to ' build
from' ; El ! Paso to Santa Rita,- N; Mex.,
where the Standard Oil: people have large
copper possessions," thence to SantaFe, a
distance of less than 400: miles," to connect
the Texas .Pacific ; with the Denver and
Rio Grande. "The gentleman s also states
that it Js the intention of the Gould-Rock
r efeller combine to secure 'control -of ."the
Colorado . and '*. Southern/, which will give
them a short-route? between"; Salt Lake
and Denver, to • New • Orleans. * y- "• - 1
"¦-¦.': <¦¦¦;¦- • . -
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. March 22.— In the
presence of President Burt and other
prominent officials of the Union Pacific
the last rail on the Sherman Hill cut-off
was laid this afternoon, the act marking
the completion of one of the most impor
tant pieces of 'railroad construction in -the
West. The cut-off is thirteen miles long
and Includes an ISOO-foot tunnel and a
rock causeway over Dale Creek. It Is
estimated that the project cost the com
pany upward of $2,000,000.
Constructed at Immense Cost
in Wyoming.
Last Bail Laid on tha Short Eoad
CTJT-OFP COMPLETED
ON UNION PACIFIC
took place, also perpetrated by cannibals
from the interior. They attacked a small
camp In the outskirts of the new goM
fields, which the natives claimed the
white men had no right to invade. Two
rich miners, one an American and the
other an Englishman, named Henry King
and Thomas Campion, were the victims.
As usual the natives attacked their camp
in the night, but they lost several killed
before they slew the white men. The
natives were armed with clubs and spears
For a short time the two miners hel-1
them at bay .. with their rifles, but the
natives came on in hundreds and killed
not only the whites, whose bodies were
clubbed almost beyond recognition, but
also their five helpers In the mine opera
tions. Their gold . was stolen. There is
little chance of the offenders being pun
ished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. March 22.— At beautiful
Hollyhurst, the country home of
Mr. and Mrs. Amos D." Allen, a
double wedding of unusual inter
est occurred this afternoon. Two
of the daughters of the house were joined
In matrimony* to the "men of their choice.
The ceremony took place in a bower of
cherry blossoms.
The eldest daughter. Miss Sarah Louise,
was married to Charles Henry Larkin of
New York, the ceremony being performed
by the Rev. Dr. **Wylle of Napa. Miss
Maude Louise Churchill was bridesmaid
and Dahcrald Beard .was groomsman. Mr.
and- Mrs. Larkin will reside in Colfax,
Wash.
The, second daughter. Elizabeth Pres
cott, became the bride of Collins Lee
Macrae of Vallejo, Chaplain A. A. McAl
lister, U. S. N.. officiating. Miss Maude
Gertrude Thompson acted as bridesmaid
and Howard Hamilton Macrae, brother of
the groom, was best man. Mr. and Mrs.
Macrae will take up their residence .In
Vallejo at the close of their honeymoon,
which probably will include a trip to
Mount Hamilton and the south. Mr. and
Mrs. Larkin departed for their Washing
ton home and will spend their honeymoon
there. f ¦.. :
NEW GUINEA CANNIBALS
SLAUGHTER VILLAGERS
Victims of an Awful Massacre.
Two White Miners Are Numbered Among the
WANTON SLAUGHTER OP
MOOSE AND CABIBOU
Klondike Hunters Take Only tho
¦ Choicest Pieces of Meat and
Abandon the Best.
SEATTLE. March 22.— The reckless
slaughter of big game In Alaska on both
sides of the boundary line continues.
Hides of 10CO deer were broujrht to Seat
tle on the steamer AI-K1 late Thursday
night and recent adv*ces from Dawson
state that as many as 100 caribou were
killed In a single day within a compara
tively small area about 100 miles east ot
Dawson. Game is plentiful in the back
districts of the Northwest Territory this*
year and hunters are making the most o"
it. notwithstanding the law prohibits the
killing of caribou, moose and deer after
January 1.
The Yukon Council rought to help the
hunters by allowing them to bring to mar
ket game that was killed up to January
1. It would appear, nowever. that either
the law is not understood or gross advan
tage is being taken of the extension of
time.
Ole Erlckson, who has just returned to
Dawson from the Rockv Mountains east
of Dawson, says that tbe trail Is strewa
with portions cf carcasses of caribou
abandoned by hunter3. Only the choices;
pieces of meat are being freighted to mar.
ket. Erlckson is authority for the state
ment that one hunter h«xl sixty tons of
caribou and moose meat stacked up ready
for transportation.
Hunters are tryin? to get the Yukon
Council to extend the time for bringing
in meat beyond March 1. They claim that
they did not know anything about the la?.'
and that they will be uuable to do their
freighting in time to comply with the or
der of the Council. Major Wood of th«i
Northwest mounted ooKce Informed th-.j
hunters that he could do nothing in. the
case, but the Council will act at Its ear
liest convenience.
SEES A HUNDRED AND
SEVEN YEAES OP UPE
Mrs. Isabell Villa Senor, the Head of
Five Generations, Passes Away
in Merced.
MERCED. March 22.— The death of Mrs.
Isabell Villa Senor, one of the oldest wo
men In the State, occurred In this city
this morning. Mrs. Senor was a native
of Jalapa. Mexico, where she lived until
1850, when she came io California. In 1870
she settled in Merced County, where she
has since resided. She attained the ex
traordinary age of 107 years and was well
preserved and quite active. She was a
familiar figure on ihe streets of Merced,
as she was a daily shopper in the business
part of the city.
The death of Mrs. Senor breaks up a
family of five generations. She was the
mother of eleven children and in the fam
ily were two grandchildren, two great
grandchildren and two great-great-grantl
children.
To Develop Tomales Oil Land.
SAX RAFAEL. March 22.— The oil pos
sibilities of Tomales are about to be ex
plored on a large scale. Attorney James
W. Keys has procured leases of land In
that vicinity to the extent of some 600
acres. Mr. Keys has Interested Eastern
capital with which to develop the prop
erty. No company has been or will be
formed and work will be commenced in
about ninety days or as soon as the borinsr
machinery under construction In Penn
sylvania Is completed. Mr. Keys will
leave in a few days to report and arrange
with the Eastern owners.
Depositors Offer to Compromise.
SAN JOSE. March 22.— A meeting of tha
depositors of the Union Savings Bank Is
to be held at Hale's Hall to-morrow to
take steps looking to a settlement of the
affairs of the defunct Institution. The de
positors are now willing to release tho
stockholders from further liability if they
will pay J50 per share without suit belnsr
brought. It Is certain the depositor* will
receive above S3 per cent of their money.
SEES HIS FATHER
HIT BY FOOTPAD
Shasta Lad Views Brutal
Assault That May End
in Murder.
Cyrus Lanyon Is Dealt a Crushing
Blow From Bahind Just After
Alighting Prom a Pas
senger Train.
¦ " « \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDIJCG, Maxell 22. — Cyrus Lanyoa. a
highly respected and aged miner of tho
Old Diggings district, sax mlle3 north of
this city, was the victim of a mysterious
assault at Central Mine sour, on the main
line of the Southern Pacific, last evening.
He. was attacked by a stranger, appar
ently a tramp, and beaten about the head
with a small bag- filled with stones. Ills
assailant was frightened awav by the
cries of the victim's sen. The aged man
was left lying In an insensible condition
by the side of the track and his life 13 now
despaired of.
Cyras Lanyon spent yesterday In thfa
city vlsitlnsr his dauchter. Mrs. W. E.
Knott. He took tile evening train for
home. He left the tram at his station.
Central Mine spur. A wire ropeway af
fords a means of crossing the Sacramento
River there to tho home of Mr. Lanyon.
which is but a short distance bevond. tho
stream.
The youngest son of the aged miner had
come down to. the river to assist his
father in crossing. As Lanyon alighted
from the train the son was horrified at
seeing a large man dressed in a suit of
gray clothing 1 approach his father from
behind and deal him h terrific blow with
a bag of stones. The victim of the assault
fell to the ground unconscious. The as
sailant fled, frightened by the cries of tho
son.
The lad summoned assistance and con
veyed his father to hla home, where ne
now lies in a precarious condition. He is
suffering' from a fracture of the skull.
The assailant made gooct his escape in th<>
dusk of the evenine. Robbery Is believed
to have been the motive of the attack.
Charles Henry Larkin of New York and
Collins Lee Macrae Marry Daughters
. of Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Allen of Napa
WADING BELLS RING
OUT A DOUBLE CHIME
NOTED PEACE OFFICER
IS DYING AT TUCSON
Robert H. Paul, for Years a Terror to
Desperadoes in California and Ari
zona, Nearing the End of His Career
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 22.— Dr.
Niewenhuis, a Dutch explorer, has Just
arrived at Sydney, Australia, after spend
ing nearly three years among the natives
in the wilds of Borneo. 'according to mail
advices received here to-day. During all
this time he never saw the face of a
white man and his adventures among tho
mountain tribes are of deep interest.
For a year Dr. Niewenhuis lived in a
hitherto unexplored I territory. 'His hosts
were giants, whose' average height was
seven feet and some of them wera even
eight feet in stature. Here is the explor
er's story:
"After completing explorations in Ma
kakkam, Australia, In 1897, I determined
to go to the East Indian Islands, and
there ever Blnce I have been among the
natives. I left Batavia early In 189S and
went around the coast for 3U0 miles in a
small trading steamer. I was put ashore
alone and the captain said I would cer
tainly be eaten by cannibals and would
never come out again. I went up Arch
Valley from the coast and fcr 100 miles
into the interior the natives were decided
ly unfriendly. They would not oome out
and. try to light, for they were too indo
lent and easy-going; but I could not buy
anything of value in exchange for the
trinkets that I brought along. Away up
in the interior the natives had never
heard of the outside world and had not
been flred at by the launches of British
gunboats, so they were decidedly more
lriendly.
"None of these natives were cannibals,
but they preferred raw flesh to cooked
meat. The women" were much larger
and of stronger build than the men anJ
they did all of the lighting and most of
the hunting. « In fact there were several
tribes of perfect Amazons. I was offered
scores of wives, but contented myself
with only one. The natives had few
bows and arrows, using big lances and
shields mostly in their rights.
"When 200' miles from the coast, right
In the heart of the mountains, I found a
tribe of the largest men. I -ever saw In a
good many years' travel in the Far East.
Tho men were twice as heavy as ordinary
Europeans, being built on very muscular
proportions and used to mountain climb
ing. The women are shorter, but they
look tall by reason of a tremendous head
dress. This is knotted from the foreheaJ
and sometimes reaches more than a foot
high.
"These natives are undoubtedly canni
bals, besides being great drunkards. Their
feasts last for weeks at a time and sacri
fices of human beings are made to the
gods representing the various animals
that the natives hope to kill In the
mountains. The women of the tribe lose
their rights as -wives if they bear more
than three children. It is supposed that
more than this number causes depletion
of the physical standard. Their houses
are built of wood carelessly thrown to
gether after a small amount of hewing
with stone and soft-metal axes.
"Gold Is plentiful all through the moun
tains, hut the natives know nothing of Its
use. Each of the women 'wears strings
of nugpets which would be worth several
hundreds of dollars."
Dr. Nlewenhuls Is 36 years of age and
has achieved distinction as " an explorer
in New Zealand and elsewhere.
the Natives.
ERA OF PEACE IN SAMOA-
No Fear of Another Rising Among
VANCOUVER &X'. March 22.-South
sea advices state that Dr. Solf, the Gov
ernor of Samoa, recently in an interview
said there was no fear of another rising
among the natives. On January 27 1500
guns were surrendered by the Mataafa
people. The two ssdes now appear to be
friendlsv although the differences among
them are still kept alive by orators, who
seem to have more power than the chiefs.
The inhabitants seemed contented with
German rule. The island has been divided
Into districts, each with its native Judge,
and each of ; the chiefs has been given
some office. .
Arrangements are being made with the
Government of Java for a supply of Ma
lay labor from the Dutch East Indies for
work on the plantations.
On the Kaiser's birthday Dr. Solf pre
sented Mato*fa with. the insignia of office
as chief of 'the natives In the usual form
of a horse tall used as a fan, with an
elaborate ebony handle Inlaid with gold,
silver and gems.
Asked if there 'was any difference be
tween the treatment of Germans and
other-whites at Apia, Dr. Solf replied:
"Absolutely none. We recognize two
classes— foreigners, which include Ger
mans, English and Americans, and na
tives, Including Pacific Islanders; but the
same laws. govern all. and no preference
Is shown to any race."
Hunting the Lowly Rat.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 22.—Aus
tralian advices Just received report that
in view of the fact that the plague has
again made its appearance In various
parts of the world, the Sydney Board of
Health has fifty * men engaged \ in rat
catching and 1500 rats per week are being
caught. A bonus of six pence per head is
being paid. •
First Comes Upon Tribe of Amazons
and Later Tarries Among
Natives Averaging Ssven
Feet in Height. /
Dutch Explorer Tells a Re
markable Story, of His *
'...':. "... Discoveries.
FINDS A GIANT
RACE IN BORNEO
BRUTAL HUSBAND
COMES TO GRIEF
Drug Clerk in Riverside
Roughly Handles a
Wife-Beater.
Administers a Thrashing to "Wealthy
Orange-Grower and Causes Him
to Bs Thrown Into
Jail.
Mrs. Gibbs refused to swear out a war
rant for her husband's arrest, but Lippen
•was not so len'ent. He caused the Eng
lishman's arrest and the wife-beater
p'eaded not guilty befcre Justice Mills.
His hearing: will take place to-morrow.
He demanded a jury trial and his bond
was fixed at $1090. Gibbs hustled among
all of his friends for bondsmen, but none
would come to his a;o. Finally he offered
valuable real estate as security, with no
takers, and had to po to Jail. Ho declares
that when released he will prosecute Lip
pen.
A big crowd gathered this afternoon and
Gibbs might have received rough treat
ment had he been released. About a year
ago he was fined $100 for wife-beating.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Gibbs moved in the fashion
able English set here. Both are of fine
appearance and drcs-s in the height of
fashion.
Clerk LJppen, who had been watching
the proceedings, waited no longer, but
started for Gibbs. Mrs. Gibbs ran into
the rear room of the- Ptore. her husband
after her. They were met by Llppen and
a cash boy, who threw Gibbs. an athletic
six-footer, out of the door and proceeded
to pummel him till a policeman stopped
the fracas. The woman was taken home
in a carriage. It is understood she will
eue for a divorce.
Mrs. Gibbs entered Wicks* Opera-house
drug store at 2 o'clock this afternoon, her
husband coming in soon afterward. The
clerk went behind the prescription counter
and left them alone, when Gibbs began
abusing his wife, calling her vile names.
"I want to go home." said Mrs. Gibbs.
As she started to arise the Infuriated hus
band seized her oy the shoulders and
forced her back into her chair. A second
attempt to arise v.as met with a couple
of blows on the face.
RIVERSIDE, March 22.-Rlverslde was
this afternoon treated to a tremendous
eensation. V.*. S. Gibbs. a wealthy Bng-
Iteh orange grower, beat and kicked his
•wife, a young woman of marked beauty.
end in turn was given a sound drubbing
by a drus clerk.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Joe's bodv was found on Monday morn
ing hanging to a rafter in his cabin, about
Ova miles south of San Lucas. It Is sup
posed he had been dead several hour*.
When last seen, on Sunday afternoon, h©
was much under the influence of liquor,
end it is believed he committed suicide In
a fit of temporary insanity caused by
heavy drinking:.
MONTEREY. March 22.— News come*
from San Lucas of the. suicide of one of
the oldest and best known vaqueros in
Monterey County — Juan Jose Plaza, lo
cally known as "Joe the Chileno." Joe
was considerably more than 70 years old
and had been in the employ of Miller &
I,ux for more than thirty years, working
on their Monterey County ranches. He
had a wide reputation as a skillful
vaquero and was one of the most trusted
znr-n on the ranee.
His Cabin Near San Lucas.
"Joe the Chileno" Found Hanging in
The board of trustees of the Chamber
of Commerce decided yesterday to etand
hy the State exhibit and not attempt a
distinctive county exhibit at Buffalo.
\Vhen it was learned that the main por
tion of any exhibit made must be shipped
to San Francis :o to be forwarded to Buf
falo within ten days. It was promptly de
clared that a county exhibit was not prac
ticable.
SUICIDE OF NOTED VAQTTERO.
STOCKTON*. March 22.— Several days
sen a te>gTam was received from W: H.
Mills In San Francisco stating that ar
rar.pements had been made by the State
Board of Trade to give San Joaquln a sep
orat* exhibit, together with Fresno Coun
ty, at the Buffalo Exposition. This came
fis a jrreat surprise, as it was originally
Intended to make an aggregate display of
r.n counties outside of Los Angeles, and
all arrangements had been made on that
basis.
Exhibit at Buffalo.
Stn Joaquln TTot to Hav« a Ssparatc
WORD COMES TOO LATE.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, ? 1901.
3
Sick women are invited to con-
sult Dr. Pierce by letter free of
charge, and so obtain without cost
the advice of a specialist in the
diseases peculiar- to women, All
correspondence strictly private and
sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Mrs. Annie Blacker, 620 Catherine Street,
Syracuse, T*. Y.. write*: "Your medicines have
codc wonders for tne. For years my health was
very poor, I had four miscarriages, but since
taking Dr. Pir^ce's Favorite Prescription and
• Goldea Medical Discovery • I have much better
health, and now I have a fine healthy baby. I
beve recommended your medicines to several
of my friends asd they have been benefited by
them."
Dr. Pierre's Pleasant Pellets cure
dizziness and sick headache.
« Favorite r»"escription n contains
no alcohol, neither opium, cocaine,
nor any other narcotic.
It does this by a pre-natal pre-
paration in which the mother finds
herself growing stronger instead of
weaker with each month. Instead
of nausea and nervousness, there are
healthy appetite, quiet nerves, and
refreshing sleep. The mind's con-
tent keeps pace with the body's
comfort. There is no anxiety, no
dread of the approaching time of
travail. When the birth hour
comes it is practically painless, the
recovery is rapid, and the mother
finds herself abundantly able to
nurse her child.
Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription
DouhBes a Nl&ther's
Joys and Halves Her
Sorrows.
ADVEHTISEMEXTS.
(|[RESTASY0URIDE|a1J
The Morrow (y^^
Coaster Brake |-f r r
! Gutntiter* yon Atnlutt Ctmftri \ r jCw \i
titid PUnturt tit Cytling. Fiti tnjr VT^7»^/
*•:.«!. Your wheel «iw»y* under (AT if VJ,
control. Security on hi.'.s. A 1 jxury JJ i
on the level. - . \ UR-J
You Ride SO Miles, but XJbrES
Pedal only SS Miles KK HI
100.000 faHnSrd ridrn U»t vctr. , \j*J HnB
ivunz xro. co., »¦!», s. x. L W r
IMpKIDNEY DISEASE!
W*||Haa»iiJAW«simP take j|
I WARNER'S I
I »B AF ' E CTJR.E. I
1 172 Eckford St., Brooklyn, X. T. 0
I THE Warnefs Safe Care Co., Rochester, N.Y. |j
|i Gentlemen:— The Woman's Relief Corps ¦
M ONLY . in the differents parts of the country ia well ac- g
|| encririn anointed with the curative merits of Warner's H
gj SPECIFIC. g a f e Q urej especially for liver, kidnej and bladder H
i troubles. It has saved the lives of many of our sol- fi
S3 dlers who retornedfrom the war with this dread dls- s
H ease. We have procured many bottles and given E
9 am a* pp 111 ADMCD'O the very best results. Ihavo I
H 8 ill I ' WW AniiLn O also used it personally when §
8J fia Bdf mb n I felt run down from over- m
I I nrr QAFF PIIRF work or from the effect* of a I
1 B 1 1 faa *¦ Onr L. UU III- cold.andl havegood reanon I
i To ail 'who suffer with Kidnej-. U-rer. Heart, to have perfect f altll in it as j
H Bladder or Blood diseases, a sample bottle of a medicine. Yours sincerely, H
¦ ; Warners's Safe Cure (the pioneer Kidney and Una. E. L. MendmX. gi
¦•^ Liver Remedy) willfce sent ahsolnt«»ly Free of $1
,1J; Coot by addressing nontal card to WARNER'S Pant President BarbarnFrletehla ¦
fj SAFE CURE CO., Roc* eater, N. Y., and men- No. 237, Woman's Belief Corp*. ¦
g turning this paper. . • £jTraeger ,has been taken back into the
fold and placed on the Initial bag. His
hitting ability is of such a high order that
the change seemed advisable. Cowden,
whom he replaced at first, has been sent
out to center field, where he is equally
sure in fielding. Murphy in turn has
taken the third bag. recently vacated by
Connor. This gives Stanford a batting
order full of hitters, an essential that Dr.
Murphy has spared no pains to obtain.
Parker's work In the box has also Im
proved, his playing at Santa Clara on
Tuesday being of a high order. Bell is
In the afternoon the varsity team will
cro.ss bats with the alumni ball tossers in
a second game. The Stanford team has
undergone a shaking up since Its first
game with the alumni a week ago. and it
looks, from yie v showing made against
Sartta Clara last Tuesday, that the under
graduates will be able to hold the visitors
down by a score better than that of last
week.
At the time the field meet is being held
on the varsity oval the tryout for a sec
ond representative In the doubles will be
held on the tennis courts.
Two mile run — Sprasue. Lewis.
120- yard hurdles— Barkan, North.
120-yard hurdles— Dunn. Beeb#.
Ghot put— McFadden. Hyde, Clark.
Hammer throw— McFadden, Sefton and Nich
ols.
High Jump— Preston, Henley.. -
Broad Jump-Preston. Malnwaring. Henley.
Pole vault— Henley. Malnwaiiny.
; STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 22.—
To-morrow will be a busy day for Stan
ford's athletes. In the morning the fresh
men open the day with a meet, with the
crack athletes from the Oakland High
School. The youngsters who will repre
sent the cardinal In this meet form what
Is probably the best freshman track team
that Stanford has ever had. This is also
a good year for Oakland, so a closely con
tested meet can be expected. The boys
from across the bay can depend upon such
men as Westdahl. La Yalllere, Lundy and
WIlcox to give a good account of them
selves, while the • freshmen .• have point
winners In Sprague, Lamb, Henley. Hyde
and Hamilton. The Stanford entries will
be as follows:
60-yard dash — Bubb, Lamb.
100-yard flash — Hamilton. Bubb.
220-yard dash— Hamilton. Umb, Prentice.
440-yard dash— Holman, Kennedy, Prentlct
and Dunn.
880-yard run — Swlnnerton. Ritchie.
Mile run— Thomas. Merrltt. Van Orden.
Improving Into an able back stop, so th»
development of a good battery seems as
sured.
BERKELET. March 22.— The California
btseball men still show in their playing a
lack of team work. There la not the con
centration of effort In their ranks neces
sary to success. At times the bane run
ning has been phenomenally good an<5
again very much the reverse. The ten
dency toward erratic playing has not been
"Warren Smith of football fame holds his
position behind the bat In professional
style. He throws to bases with accuracy,
is a clean hitter arid generally keeps mov
ing when once away from the home plate.
Overall and Nourse are making a close
race for pitcher. The former throws a
faster ball, but not a« well controlled as
the latter. Both are showing a steady im
provement In . their styles. Captain
Hunter at short stop and Braley on third
base rank high among men of the dia
mond. Hunter Is speedy and always ha*
a glove out ready for anything that comf 9
In his direction. Braley has a habit of
stopping the ball when It comes in his
quarter and at the bat is generally sure
of a hit. King at second plays a steady
game. Gardiner is picking up in his work
on first and his batting is becoming more
certain. Kennedy's batting could be eas
ily improved, but h« plays the left field
poeltlon In fine style. Hamlln at center
plays clever tall. McJCeown in the right
field Is a good man. but lacks energy. His
playing cannot be depended upon on all
occasions.
To-morrow afternoon the Berkeley men
will again meet the Fireman's Fund nine.
The game will be played on the college
campus and will be the last of the serie3
between the two teams. The lineup:
Fireman's University o{
Fund Positions California.
Moskiman Pltrher Xoursw
W. Hammond Catcher Smith
rmnlevy First base Card ln*r
Golds worthy Second base King
or Collins
Webber Third base Braler
Kruur Shortstop Hunter
Butler Left field K^nnedr
Van Haltren rVnt^r fl»l<i Hamlln
J. Hammond Right field XfcKeown
Practice on the track continues as usual.
A picked team from the junior members
of the squad will «rr> to Ukiah to-morrow
to compete in a field day with the high
school boys there. The result is not cer
tain, as Ukiah's strength Is unknown.
UNIVERSITY
ATHLETICS
Field and Track Events to Be
Decided To- Day on
College .Grounds.
There .will be a lively and. noisy time
at Alameda • Point 1 to-morrow.' when ' the
Empire Gun Club , and outside shooters
gather to break rocks and records for the
Yellowstone and Schumacher trophies and
to complete • the scores left unfinished In
the shoot of March -10.- Besides the regu
lar trophy event; there will be a number
of pool shoots. Birds will be trapped to
all comers at 1 cent each. -.¦2P8mf*fgm&
At Ingleside the San Francisco Gun Club
will hold Its first live bird shoot of . the
season. A big attendance is expected.
AT THE; TRAPS.
: The : San ¦ Mateo County Hunt will meet
this afternoon : at \ 3 o'clock , at .Tanforan
Park.'San Bruno. Many parties wlll'drive
to the park to see the race for gentlemen
Jockeys for a silver trophy, offered by, the
San vFrancisco . Jockey Club. -. It •- is ; prob
able ; that Joseph S. Tobin, ' R. M." Tobln,
J. Downey Harvey,- George Parsons,. T. A;
j Drlscoll .Walter McCreery.": John > Lawsbn,
Charles >¦* Dole, ' Charles • - Dunphy, "r Harry
Scott and Harry. Slmpkins .will take part.
.The .race is ; three miles over the steeple
chase course. t- . . ,
H On .Wednesday, % the 27th.- the , meet ( will
be at "Laurel Creek. Reresford, at 8:30 In
the. morning. Next " Saturday, rthe 30th,
the hounds will be laid on -at the dairy
Mlllbrae. at 3 In ¦ the afternoon. v= '
HUNT CLUB AT TANFORAN.
One of the mosw successful wild geese
shoots of the season was held at Norman
In the latter part of last week. In the
party m-ere Howard Black. Walter Cheno
with. W. S. Uake and w. J. Martin.
I'pon the arrival of this quartet of sports
men at Norman they were driven out to
the *hootinfr fields by Doc Stuart and Ab«
Krump, at whose lodge the party put up.
Bv the use of live decoys and the skilled
railing of Stuart and Krump the shooters
were enabled to get within range of sev
eral eood flocke. In an afternoon and
morning shoot mow than 200 geese were
kiJied. As soon a» the birds dropped they
•were made use of for decoys by the clever
manipulation of the professional hunters
who had the party In charge. The fruits
rt th»« day's wport were sent to this city.
In eacks and distributed among the friends
of the four sportsmen, r ¦ #
WILD GEESE SHOOTING.
' The fishlne season will open on April 1,
a week from Monday. Whenever, a game
or fish' season opens on a i Mondavi the
profane angler, or i hunter; gives* vejit * to
choice" and. well. selected words, unless he
be one of those fortunates whose business
affairs do not demand hie presence in the
city on that day. The unrelenting sever
ity, of the calendar will have the tendency
this year to set the season: back six days
for - the .' great ¦¦ army ¦¦- of - sportsmen who
will: not. be 'at 'liberty '.to try flies and rod
until Aprils ¦";, ; . ¦ ;;, \ ; : ;.
'At. the Fish Commissioner's office the
best reports are Issued. .The coast streams
are "clear and running, as . if , height and
current were specially- set for the early
angler. From .Santa • Cruz, ' Marin ,* and
Monterey counties all the reports point to
bright fishing, prospects. .Unless a; heavy
rain . should : come to mar * the prospective
chances for successful angling a good sea
son should be ushered in.
PROSPECTS FOR
FISHING GOOD
The Olympic single handball tourna
ment for the Melro^e medal hag been
poFtponed and in its place will be played
a doubles, the entries of which must be
filed by Wednesday next. The games xrlil
be fifty pointa. teams to be chosen by lot
from individual entries. The tournament
will begin on Sunday. March 31.
Second class— H. Cory vs. G. Jones.
Third riasp-W. Wln»h-op v*. G. Kelly,
the winner to play H. J. Rogers.
first c-iass— J. Condon defeated W. Ja
mbs. o\— 40; w. Coir.n3 defeated E. J.
Murphy, l>\— "5.
Third class— II. J. Rogers defeated J.
Pivnn, r.l— 39. — ¦-
The finals for SunJai- will tut:
Flirt claps— J. Condon vs. "W. Collins.
The f^mj-finaJs of the Occidental Ath
letic Club were played last Wednesday
**venln? and the finals will take place Sun
day afternoon, commencing at-1 o'clock.
Th*» Barnes played weiv;
The following game* for Sunday's play
have been arranged try Professor P.ear
don. manager of Phil Ryan's hsndbal!
'"ourt at SSR Howard ..tre*>t: K. Hafry.atid
J. Kirby vs. D. Hcga;i and J. Fojer: W.
H. Sleb*TEt and N. J. Prond«"rjrast vp. K.
McDonough and E. Lvrrh: M. Bason an<l
P. Ryan vj». D. Connelly and \V. Flshor:
I: Condon and T. Lydor. v«. T. L/?ach and
T. Foloy: T. Perros -«n<l K. White vs. A.
¦\Vhitoman and J. Glyn;i; M. Dillon and G.
HutrhinFon vs. EL Makney and P. Kelly;
M. I.!oNV!l and P. M-?Kinnon vs. \V. Man
ion end O. McDor.a!?> J. RJnrdnn and K.
Ourloy v?. J. Harlow ?«n<J A. Pennov-.T-
J. White and W. Mcjilre vs. .T. Collins
and R. Slurn'.iy; H. J. Roscrs nnd E. J.
Murphv re, R. Iyonjrab3oh and W. Walsh;
J. C Ncalon and R. Klrs^han vs. A. Hamp
ton and M. J. Kiigallon.
HANDBALL GAMES.
, To-morrow, as soon after the arrival at
Tiburon of the 11 a. m. ferry-boat from
the citv, as the tide* and state of the
weather permit, the bridge to the lagoon
will; be raised and the yachts of the Cor-
Inthjan fleet that have been laid up there
during tho winter will pass out Into the
cove to take' up 'their moorings for the
summer. : Two. or three launches will be
on hand to tow, the yachts out from' the
lagoon, and it* Is expected that the task
will be simpler than usual this year, as
tho owners of the San Francisco -Yacht
Club craft that are in the lagoon will take
them out at 12 p. m. to-night. Port Cap
tain James Kltterman will be > on hand
with, his line launch: America and 1 will
tew the : San Francisco craft over to Sau
sallto. Some of the arks -will probably
avail themselves > of the opening of < the
bridge to come out of the lagoon at the
samo time. If the : arks and San Fran
cisco yachts are out of the way the Cor
inthian craft can ¦ quickly : be towed, out.
the principal delay having been caused
on -previous occasions by _ the arks, which
are unwieldy, and liable to, Jam : In the
opening i to the lagoon. ¦. - "..
The ¦• jinks committee.* under ¦ the chair-'
manshlp-of Vice Commodore E. F. Sagar,
is hard at work rehearsing for the jinks
to be given in the Corinthian Club house
on the evening of Saturday, April 20, the
opening: day.' — .
Glub Yafchtsmen Will
Jow the Boats Out
of Winter Quarters
RAISING OF
BRIDGE AT
TIBURON.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the. Union Coursing: Park Association
early in the week the major: portion of
the evening was devoted to the consider
ation of sapling stakes and problems of
breeding with a view to the development
and improvement of racing greyhound
stock. With this Idea in mind the Union
Courting Park -Association .will increase
the number of,Eapllng stakes in the -fu
ture. „
Ever since the last series of j sapling
stakes there has been a growing demand
for these events by breeders and owners.
To introduce dogs Into an • all age' has
often been their .... undoing. The sapling
events of the future will- be in the nature
of preparatory training' stakes. . At • the
expiration of a minute relief dogs will be
set loose and every endeavor made to
build up the strength of these youngsters
before allowing them to go against sea
soned coursers. ( ;
In connection with the open - stake of
March 30 and 31 the first : of these Bap
lings will be run. On April 6 and 7 the
regular open stakes will be the pro
gramme, hut ~ on April 13 there will be a
puppy stake, as well as the open event.
One week later the programme will be
a reserve and champion: event. .It is the
plan not to permit a; youngster to enter
more than one stake each month.
Clark & Growtage's hounds- have not
showed any great class In their work up
to the present time, but this may be'due
to unacclimatlzatlon. V -¦ , '
• E. • M. .Kellogg.' will, leave on Monday
with a. string of hounds for. the Kansas
circuit. He will course in these meetings
Kid McCoy, Sweet Emma, Iowa Boy and
Iowa Maid. . ' ' • " :;%: -
SIbquoc seems to be the dog of the mo
ment. - Jimmy Dean missed a good thing
when he resold this dog to D. J. Healy for
the original price, 1300. .When Healy; first
owned Sisquoc the dog: was promising but
uncertain, and Dean thought " about Uhe
same thing when he had'hlm. : Then Healy
took the dog, back and won a champion
and an open stake In succession. SIsquoc
surprised them all by beating such dogs
as Palo Alto and Ireland.
At Union Park • to-day , a - > 108-dog ; : open
stake, which bhould* prove, more than or
dinarily interesting, will be run...
Coursing Men Plan
Many Stakes to Ben
efit Young Hounds
WILL WATCH
PUPPY AND
SAPLING.
SOME OF THE BASEBALL PLAYERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO TEAM
FOR THE SEASON OF 1901, .WHICH WILL BE USHERED IN NEXT
SUNDAY BY THE LOCAL NINE AND THE SACRAMENTOS.
The new doubles team, composed of Ray
Cornell 2nd Grant Smith, has shown up
well so far. and with a little more prac
tice will make a strong team. Several
new men have taken, up the game on the
local courts, and for beginners their show
in?; Is surprising. These men are Fred
Schleef, Frank Hooper, Kenneth Hamil
ton, Clyde Beal and Pete Smith. Amontj
the younger players Du Val Moore is by
long odds the most promising, man. His
back court strokes are very clean cut and
effective,- but he is very weak at the net.
This fault can be overcome only by con
stant practice with better players..
Sirmncr Hardy was out during the week
and showed that he has lost none of hl3
old-time skill. With Paul Selby as a part
ner ho disposed of Collier and Crowell in
capy fashion.
¦ The ladies' singles tournament, sched
uled for last Wednesday, will be played
next Wednesday afternoon, and a large
entry list is expected. Those who , will
rurely play are the Misses Hall. Hoffman,
Hunter. • McCartney. Sherwood and ¦ Mrs.
KIncaid and Mrs. Haslett. There will be
a handicap elngles on the California Club
courts to-morrow, commencing at 11
o'clock. * -.¦„,
lllrs Alice Hoffman, the golf expert, has
exprf-esed tier intention of taking up ten
nis again and will enter the championship
tournament next September. This event
gives promise of being the most success
ful of its kind ever held -on the .coast, as
all the best lady players .will, compete.
Thof* who will undoubtedly take part are
the MlPBes Miriam Hall,. coast champion;
Alice Hoffman. ex-coa$t champion;- Vio
let and May Button," Miss Hunter, '. Mrs.
Kir.caid and Mrs. Hasslet.
The doubles try-out held at Berkeley
lest Saturday resulted In a victory for
Paul Selby and Drummond McGavin, who
will represent the University of Califor
nia in the intercollegiate doubles next
menth. Fred Brown and Baker were tho
other contestants, and considering the in
experience of both the showing they made
was very good. They won the first set
rather easily and looked to be winners,
but their opponents braced up and took
tlse next three sets and match. Brown,
whose forte Is volleying, played a remark
ably good game. Tennis Captain Hunt
has announced that players qualifying for
doubles will not be allowed to compete In
the singles try-out to be held to-day at
H*>rkolo\ This announcement is rather
surprising and haid to understand, as it
puts Drummond McGavin and Faul Selby.
Ktrkelcy's two strongest players, out of
the singles ahd thereby lessens the
ohcnws of that college. With Harry
Wiehe out of the singles, California's
¦cliaixts of victory were very good, but
if Hunt'R new rule goes Into effect' the
chances of the colleges will be about even.
Wlefce's determination to play In the
doubles only Is attributable to the fact
that his present physical condition would
not permit of his playing two hard
matches in one day.
Glub Tournaments En
gage Attention of
Local Tennis Players
The adjourned annual meeting of the
California Cricket Association, held last
Monday, was the most Important that has
been held for some years by that body.
It was attended not only by delegates
from two of the three local cricket clubs,
but also by Vice President J. F. Coope, II.
V. Anderson and A. G. Shaath, the two
former having Journeyed to San Fran
cisco to represent th© Santa Cruz Country
Club, and also by I* W. Robltallle and O.
V. Green, as delegates of the Sacramento
Cricket Club. A somewhat determined
attempt was made on the part of one of
the delegates of the Alameda Cricket Club
to invalidate the proceedings of the meet
ing held on March 4. but It was thwarted
by the good sense of the president. For
the first time in the history of local
cricket, there will be four, and probably
five, clubs contending for the pennant dur
ing the coming season, and of this number
two will be country clubs.
Hitherto the city clubs have been too
much disposed to regard the cup or pen
nant, and any prizes presented by sup
porters of the game-, as their own ex
clusive rights, and have been unwilling to
admit the country members of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association, who pay pre
cisely the same dues, to an equal share
in the good things. But there are signs
that an era of more liberal feeling in set
ting In, though the old. narrow, illiberal
spirit sometimes shows Itself. Th© first
Indication of a desire to recognize th»
rights of the country cricketers came in
1899, -when each of the country clubs In the
association received a pair of leg guards.
to be presented to one of their players as
they might see fit. The schedule of 1901
will provide for a regular series 'off
matches between the city clubs and those
at Sacramento and Santa Cruz, each club
to play not fewer than two matches
against the other three or foar clubs, one
on Its own ground, and the other on its
opponent's pitch. The teams represent
ing the Sacramento and Santa Cruz club3
will play their matches on th© ground at
"Webster street, Alameda, that being
equally accessible to both.
The Burns Valley Cricket Club has lr.
formally announced Its intention of stay-
Ing In the association during 1901. and
there is no doubt that the Lakeport
Cricket Club will also remain a member.
as It is the Intention of the Lake County
cricketers to visit San Francl3Co this year.
A schedule committee consisting of the
captains of last year's cricket teams wa»
appointed by President Brown to prepara
the programme of matches for 1901. There
is little likelihood of thje Mountain Cop
per Company Cricket Club of Keswtck
making up an eleven this year, as several
of the best players ha\-e left the service
of the company, and the club lost all its
material a year or so ago by fire.
CRICKETERS ARE ACTIVE
Jake Holtman. the starter of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club, and Dan Mills, sport
ing editor of the Philadelphia Times; have
offered j their services as umpires. The
committee in charge has Investigated the
capacities of both men and reported fa
vorably, so both will be at the timplral
post this morning at 10 o'clock, at which
hour the championship game is scheduled
to begin. ..,.,.._ ,
championship of the three corners, the
Examiner having vanquished the Chroni
cle In a fore-shortened game some few
weeks ago. More than honor and glory Is
at stake in this match. The losers will
pay for-a package presented 'to the win
ners.'
Though the Presidio course Is in splen
did condition and raanv golfers are out
on Saturdays and Sundays and a few on
other days of the week the Interest in the
scheduled competitions appears to have
dwindled. The qualifying round of the
fourth contest for the Council's cup for
men was held Saturday. March 2. eight
players qualifying, and tne first maicn
round is not yet completed. The eight
players are drawn against each other as
follows: Hugh Tevis versus Charles Page.
W. H. La Boyteaux versus H. C. Golcher.
H. C. Breeden versus Captain D. J. Rura
baugh and S. L. Abbott Jr. versus J. W.
Byrne.
On Tuesday afternoon J. "U*. Byrne b«at
S. IS. Abbott Jr. 1 up alter an exceedingly
close contest. It w^ms probable that H.
C. "Golcher and J. W. Bvrne will meet in
the final round and la any event a new
ram? will appear on ihe Council's trophy.
During the week the fourth contest for
the Council's cup for women has ¦ been
played. It has been suggested in some
quarters that there was a certain amount
of jockeying done in order to bring Mrs.
Brown end Miss Hoffman into the final
round and that Miss Houghton defaulted
to Mrs. Erown in order that the latter
might reach the final round. But Mrs.
Brown v.as in San Francisco on Wednes
day morning ready ard anxious to pla 1 '
against her opponent, whom she was
practically certain to bent, when a mes-
Fape was received from Miss Houghton'*
homo that she was too indisposed to leave
the h^use.
There will prcbablv be a good attend
ance of players r.t the Presidio links to
day and it {¦: r^cpsSblo tr.at the first round
at least r.t the content for the Council's
cup for m*>n will be 'iispesed of.
Now that the acb«da!e2 contests of the
Pan Francisco Golf Club have nearly «i II
hwn held golfing will ccoxne more active
on the San Rafael course. A Bchdia!* of
events for men and w-.men has b~en is
sued, the opening events being a handi
cap over nlnp holfs, match play, against
b^gpy, for women, at M '.n the morning of
April C, a;id a handitan over eighteen
holes, match play, ag.nr.st bogey, for men.
at 2 in the afternoon .-f the same day. On
April f* thorp will »v» handicap ov<r eigrh:
f*n holes, medal play, "-i 2 p. m.. for men.
On May 4. at 10 a. m.. there will be a
rrratch medal play tournament, open to
ladies of any of the local clubs, and at
2 p. m. <">f the same Jay a scratch content
over eighteen bolrsj .pedal p'ay. open to
men m p mbpr? of the |ocsl clubs. On Mny
JR. at 10 in the mornln?. a best bail handi
cap, ever nine holes against bogey, f-ir
wnmen. will '»*>^in an<l will continue until
fi p. m.. May 25. At 2 p. m. ,there will he
?. match hrtwecn teams of men members
rf the club. On May ->0. at 10 a. m.. (he
qualifying round, over eighteen holes,
m^dal p'ay. for th» Council's cup. for man.
will begin, the eight making tha lowest
f cores to qualify nr.-i a prize helner offered
for th» best hardifap pecre. On the same
day the <3UiiHf\ing round for the contest
fr>r the I^n<1i«*s' cup will l>o h<*ld.-<he eight
lowest pcorers to quail *y end a prize !><:•
ire offered for the best ecrre with handi
cap.
Contests to Shift From
Local Green to San
Rafael and Oakland
GOLF ON
SUBURBAN
LINKS.
ON March 31 the California Baseball
League will open the season sim
ultaneously In this city and In
Los Angeles. At the Recreation
Grounds, Eighth and Harrison
"streets, h an Francisco will meet Sacra-
The four teams have been at work for
a week and are beginning to" show signs
of form. In the capital city the Senators
are out on the field dally and are now
working with some degree of team har
mony. The same may be said for the local
forces. In Los "Angeles the home team
and the Oaklands are rubbing off the ac-
These four teams comprise the league
for the season of 1901. which, while it is
scheduled to be of the same length In
point of time as that of last year, will
have nearly twice the number of games to
play. As an experiment games will be
played on .Thursday, Friday, Saturday
and Sunday of each week in San Francis
co' and .Los Angeles. / Oakland will get its
morning game as in other years. If this
new venture should fail financially it
should' at least be productive of a better
order of baseball, as it. gives the men
more practice,, something which was sad
ly needed in seasons now past but not for
gotten.
mento, and In Los Angeles that city's nine
will try diamond conclusions with Oak
land. _
* At Recreation Grounds this morning the
second game of the newspaper men's se
ries of diamond combats will be fought
out to a genuine finish. The Examiner
nine, with a record equally divided by vic
tory and defeat, will meet The Call team,
undefeated. This game will be for the
NEWPARER MEN'S GAME
The last game of the Midwinter League
will be played to-morrow afternoon at
Recreation Park between the Alamedas
and Golden Gates. The following will be
the line-up: |
Alamedas. Position. Golden Gates.
J. ; Hammond Catcher .D. Shea
C. Russell Pitcher McMenomy
W". Hammond First base F. Johnson
Goldsworthy Second base Peterson
Dunleavy Third base Denny
Kruc Shortstop McKune
Brltt IWt Held..., Spencer
Van Haltren.' ...Center field;: Clynea
Simpson '. .Right field Thomas
The Koenlgs will play the Nobles at
Freeman's Park. Oakland. ' k ¦,
On the University of California campus
this afternoon the Fireman's Fund and
the California teams will play their third
game. These games have been very close
and well contested. The last match end
ed in a victory for the insurance men, the
score reading 4-2.
AMATEUR GAMES.
cumulation of a winter's rust. Cal Ewing
Will be on the'flcld himself within a few
days and will supervise the work.
The personnel of the four teams Is, a*
follows: . ¦ .
San Francisco. Position. Sacramento.
Graham..../. Catcher Stanley
Iburff. Whalen . • .¦ Harper and
or Ftt2patrlek... Pitcher* .Strlcklett
Pabst (capt.) First base...Hanlon (capt)
Kruir Second base .'.Courtney
Radcllffe Third base......:..Sheehan
Kane ,; Shortstop Deveraux
Holland Left field McLaujrhlln
Hlldebrand.... Center field McCabe
Schwartz Right field ...........
Oakland. Prwltlon. Jjos Angeles.
Lohman (cap 1 ).... Catcher Spies
Moskiman.' Borchers -
or Babbitt.. ...... Pitcher...... Hale or Jones
Strelb First base Hutchlnson
Arrellanes S»ccnd -base... Reilly .
Moore Third, base.. i Kelly
Krancks Shortstop Hulan
Held... I/eft field ....Bowman
Drennan........ ....... C?nter field... Householder
Babbitt or MosklmauRlffht field... .....Swindells
The additions to the league are Rad
cllffe. Kane an<l Holland of the San Fran
cisco team; Strlcklett and McCabe of Sac
rnmento and Spies. Hale. Hulan and
Householder of Los Angeles. The major
ity of these men are from the Middle
West, and they have earned reputations
for their good stick and field work.
The official umpires of the league will
be Donohue antl O'Connell. McFarland,
who scored the Oakland games last sea
son, will sit in the box at San Francisco
in place of Joseph Stapleton. whose busi
ness duties would not allow him to con
tinue In a capacity with which he has
been identified for almost numberless
years.
Henry Harris, with a tap on his chest,
announces that his team will have bright
new uniforms of the same design and
color. There will be this addition, hcw
fever, gray coats.
Professionals of California League Are Hard
. at Work Preparing for the Open
ing Day of the Season.
STEADY PRACTICE
FOR B AS E B A L L ME N
THE SAN FRANCISCO SATURDAY; MARCH 23, 1901;
SPORTS BASEBALL, COURSING, COLLEGE ATHLETICS,
4
TENNIS FOR
MEN AND
WOMEN.21SO. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
celling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %T Str. Fin
2148 MaeGyle. 4, 109... Henry 1 In 13 1 ltf
2126 Nansen. 4, 107. .O'Connor 3 3 1 2 tt 2 K
216S Lizzella, a. 101. .Mounce 6. 5 1 4 h 3 h
3229 Hlpponax, 4. 101 Sea 7 6 3-32 42
.3051 ArtlUa, 4, 103 Enos 4 4 1 5 8 6 30
1160 Nilgar, 6, 109..E>omlnick 2 2 3 6 2 6 5
2156 M't Eagle. 4, 107.. Thorp 6 7 7 7
Time— 1-16. :07; U. :25%; tt. :««; %. l:15tt:
mile. 1:42: 1 l-16m, 1:48*. Good start. -Won
first three driving. Winner, C. T Boots' b
g. by imp. BrutUB-Ledalia, MacGyle had
nothing to beat. Nansen not up to very much.
Hlpponax would have been third but for being
cut off last few yards. Nllg&r found route too
far first out. Artllla will do to copper in her
present form. Scratched— Vain 107.
Betting— MacGyle, 3; Nansen. 3-5; Lizzella.
10; Hlpponax, 75; Artilla, 12; Nllgar, 30; Mont
Eagle, 50.
2170. FOURTH RACE-Three furlong^; sell
ing; maiden two-year-olds; purse,- $400.
Index Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. «i. Str. Fin.
2165 6gle. 108 Henry 6 3 6 «.. 18
:0C5 Yrsula, 107 Thorpe 3 6h ... 2 1
2057 Saooze, 105 Butler 2 2n ... 3h
2165 Dan Colling, 106.0'Conn 1 1 h ... 4 U
2154 Vasallo, 105 Dominlek 6 4 1 ... 6 8
2154 Hard Night, 108. .Mounce 4.6 2 ... 6 1
2165 Priam. 105 ....Kelly .7 7 6 ... 7 4
....Porous, 110 Frawley 8 8 ... 8
Time-J*. :12U: 94. :36. Fair start. Won rid
den out." Second and third driving. Winner'
S. C. Hildreth's ch. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-
Miss Baldwin. Winner only an ordinary one
Yrsula will Improve. Dan Collins can't stand
the racket. Vasallo away from- post badly.
Scratched— Sister Abbie 105, Victoria Belle 105
Frank Baln-103. Legato 108.
Betting— Ogle, 7-10; Yrsula, 10; Snooze, 12;
Dan Collins, 9-2; Vasallo, 1; Hard Night, 12-
Priam, ,100; Porous. 100.
2178. THIRD RACE-Six furlong*; three
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. V%. Str. Fin.
(2075)Kenilworth. 3, 112. Henry 3 11 1 1U 1 h
2113 Sad Sam, 3, 104.Murphy 4 4 8 2 1% 2 2
2163 Rosormonde, 6, 108.O'Con I 3 tt 3 % 3 12
214S Dr. Cave, 4. H8..Thorpe 2 2 tt 4 6 4 2
.... Precursor, 4, 110.. Martin 6 6 6 5 2
2168 Mldlan, 6. 140....C. Ross 5 6 8 5 1 6
2120 Tellowtall. 4, 110...Domk •
Time-\i. :23%; tt. :47tt; %. 1:13*. Bad
start. Won all out. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's br. c. by
imp. Sir Modred-lmp. Queen Bess. Sad Sam
closed strong, while winner was straightening
out. Precursor away poorly. Rosormonde not
ridden to best advantage. Scratched—Alle
viate 108, Andrlsa 105, Vulcaln 118. 'Left.
Betting— Kenil worth, 6-5; Sad. Sam, 30; Ro
sormonde. .11-2; Dr. Cave, 40; Precursor. 100:
MIdlan, 300; Yellowtail, 8-6.
2177. SECOND RACE-Three furlongs; sell
ing; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. ' %. Str. Fin.
2027 Huachuca, 108.. O'Connor 8 4 2 8 H 1 H
2147 Contestant, 107 Henry 2 2 2 2h 2n
2163 San Union, 107.. Mounce 1 3 h 4 h 3 n
2123 B. C. Greene, H2.Thorpe 4 1 H ' 1 h. . 4 tt
2147 Quadra, 105 Enos 3 5 1 5 2 6 2
2065 Musique, 105 ....Murphy 7 6 2 62 6 3
1806 Dandy, 108 ...Wederstd 6 7 3 7 2 7 3
2064 Royalty; 105 ..Dominlck 6 9 9 8 1
2027 The Maniac, 108 See 9 8 3 8 1 9
Time— H. :12; »4. :36%. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, Doble & Camp
bell's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-La Plata.
Huachuca bore in the last hundred yards, In
terfering with both Contestant and San Lu-
Uon. Quadra ran badly. Greene quit. Scratch
ed— Gypsy Boy 108, Quiet 114, Tibs 107.
Betting— Huachuca. 2: Contestant, 6; San Lu
tlon. 3; B. C. Greene, 7; Quadra. 20; Musique,
25; Dandy, 40; Royalty. 6; The Maniac, 50.
Index, Horse, TVt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2120 B. Ormonde, 112. .Henry 1 12 12 14
2153 Lief Prince, 112..Domnk 2 2 1 2^22
2169 Andrattus, 109..Wedrstd $ En 4 2 3 U4
2102 R.d. Altar, 112.. Thorpe 6 4tf 3 tf 42
(2164)Konic, 107 Mounce 3 3 h 7 1 6 2
(2Ul)Sinfl, 107 Murphy 7 6 «4 6 h 6M
2164 Skip Me, 107... O'Connor 4 7 h 8 7 1
(2140)Matilda O, 107 See 8 8 62 8
Time— 1-16. :C6H; 3-16. :18; 7-16. -Al%; 6V4t.
1:07. Good start. Won easing up. Second and
third driving. Winner. W. O'B. Macdonough's
ch. o. by imp. Ormonde-imp. Miss Brunell.
Winner away well and possessed the class.
Lief Prince is regaining his form. Wedder
etrand on Andrattus • cut off at start. Skip
Me and Eonlc outsprlnted. Stnfl pocketed on
back stretch. Scratched— Luca 107, Nellie For
est 107. Homage 107, Carrie Lucas 107.
Betting— Beau Ormonde, 8-5; Lief Prince, 20;
Andrattus. 7; Rio de Altar. 6; Eonlc «; Sinn,
8; Skip Me, 6; Matilda O, 100.
TANFOBAU" PARK— Friday, ilarch 22.
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2170. FIRST RACB-Five and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds: purse. $350.'
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
William M. Bunker is to lecture shortly
for the benefit of the Hospital for Chil
dren and the Training School for Nurse*.
He will take for his subject "Russia."
"Will Lecture on Busala.
Zeigler th© Winner.
SAVANNAH, Ga.. 22.-Owen
Zelgler of Philadelphia knocked out Tom
Corcoran of this city tn the eleventh
round to-night with a punch In the stom
ach and a swing on the jatr. Zelgler left
the ring apparently as fresh as when he
entered It.
The St. Mary's Cathedral devotions un
der the auspices of the Calvarlan Society
will be held ta*-morrow afternoon, com
mencing as usual at 7 o'clock. Besides tha
t'Statlons of the Cross" and benediction,
there will be the customary sermon. Rev.
P. . E. Mulligan, secretary of the Arch
bishop, being: the speaker. The subject of
his discourse will be "The Accusers of
Jesus." At these religious exercises other
than Calvarlan Society members may b«
present.
Cathedral Calvarlan Services.
.Trick and f ancy. : springboard diving— F.
Ralston. ; L.' Grueman, ,W.' Stocton, - VV.
Carmody,; E. " • Winflell,' J. Collins, C.
Harnes, JV* Dollar," J:? A. > Jackson. -T. Mc-
Killop, H. Wilson. F. Paine, W. Guild, M."
Chamler, Ni M." Loud , O: O wens, : .T." Thomp
son, W.- Carroll, \ F. - Jon y. - S.V Lyons,"- E.
Wells. F. Rltter, G. Randall. D.,McCann,
G. Mclntyre. fSSBBBiSMBB
50-yard dash, juveniles— D'. Chase, J.
Boggsi A, Derks, "AY, Courtney, \V. Belas
co, J. Dugan, M. Grlswald, A- ; Fernandez,
E.-Maulan, 'J." McManus. "W. Adams, G.
Nichols, B. • Ferrill, ; C. Royal. J,. Erasmy.
F. Paine, ¦ D.' Sullivan. -H. Heinz, p. Snn
berg, C. Duke, C.r Donovan, J. Mullen F.
ClouRh,. W. Butterwoith, H. McKenzle.
¦W.JMizner, H: Freeniiui. Rv Grundy F
Magner, C. Crist.
. Under-water^ swimming .contest; tub
race, , three prizes; ' high diving, for boys,
open to all. ; . , .".-<-'
- 100-yard race, ¦ amateurs— O. Beyers 'E
Kipp, A. Hay. S. Bodkin. O. Schultz/W.
Dawsett,. H.. Leicken, J.- Bevlns,- t^. Rid
ing, J. RIngrose * L. Baudain, C. Freder
icks,G. Freeth.VW. Cook, F. Crowder R
CordelH, C* Augustus, G. Wallace. J.
Schustro, L.' Haywards, P. Rose, J. Hunt,
G. 'Irvine. E.; Bell.- H. .Duran, P. itevert
O. Lowenthal. .; .
\ Following are the shimming entries for
next Sunday's events at Sutro's Baths: •
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
Mrs. Mamie Goldsmith of 1215 McAllUter
street appeared before' Judge Cabanlss
yesterday on a charge of battery. She.
was accused of striking Mrs. Mamie Nel
son of Turk street on a Flllmore-street
car March 14 last. Mrs. Goldsmith, who is
a powerfully built woman, said she only
shoved Mrs. ¦ Nelson aside, and when. th»
Judge asked her to show him just how
she did it she struck him a blow on the
side that knocked his breath out. When
,he recovered he reprimanded Mrs. Gold
smith and continued her case till May L
Blow That Winded Cabanlsa.
Polo will be the game at Del Monte
to-day. At present not only the Burlin
game-representative team Is there, but a
number of /visitors prominent in the East
ern polo world have gone to Del Monte for
a series of games. Teams will be made
up ' of . F. Jay Mackey. F. G. Menzies,
"Walter and ; Lawrence McCreery, Charles
Wheeler '¦ of Philadelphia and Charles S.
Dole'-irnd "Walter Hobarf, Joseph Tobln, 1
Richard Tobin and John Lawson.
POLO AT DEL MONTE
45 years of age, was brought before the
Insanity Commissioners yesterday, morn
ing -by her 18-year-old daughter Lillian
and ordered committed to theUklah In
sane Asylum. She was up to last Tues
day, an inmate of the City and County
Hospital, but. Insisted on securing a dis
charge. When It was refused her she at
tempted to leave, but was prevented, and
later the necessary permit was granted. •
" She wandered around the streets for a
time and was flnally sent to. the City
Prison on a charge of drunkenness, al
though her daughter maintains she Is not
a drinking woman.. After a night's Incar
ceration she was found aimlessly walking"
around the ¦ vicinity of her former resi
dence at Elshth and Mission streets, and
taken to her daughter's room at 306A Turk
street. She became violent at times and
it " was found necessary ¦ to place her un
der 1 restraint." • She will be sent . to Ukiah
to-day.
»About four years ago her husband went
to the . Klondike, but has there met with
ill-success. 1 "She family parted at Seattle,
the -mother, daughter and son coming -to
this city. The mother began dressmak
ing, but failing eyesight and Ill-health
used ud the family resources and It be
came finally necessary to eend her to the
City; and County Hospital. ¦ *Then \ftss
Lillian undertook to care for, herself and
younger brother, aged 12. She secured a
position as a solicitor, but earned a very
precarious livelihood. Her brother a few
days ago entered . the messenger " service.
The added burden' of -the mothers Illness,
lack of proper nourishment and the stress
attendant upon . her In restraining her
mother's, destructive tendencies proved
too . much, for - her ; strength • and . she was
forced to take the mother to the Hospital
for the Detention of the Insane.
Miss . Kearney is making a brave fight
against adverse circumstances, but .is
plucky and determined to succeed If pos
sible. • . . • . . •
Miss Lillian Kearney Forced by Her
. - Relatives' Mental Condition to
Seek Her Commitment.
Mrs. Elizabeth Kearney, a woman about
DAUGHTEB TAKES MOTHER
TO INSANITY HOSPITAL
BERKELEY, March 22.— Graduate Man
ager Reno Hutchlnson has sent to Stan
ford a list of the California men who are
eligible to compete In the Intercollegiate
field day. It Is as follows: \
S. C. Asblll, G. Allen, W. B. Albertson, A.
A. Alexander, C. O.— Bailey, . "W. Bakewell' T.
Bell, . L. B. Bralnard. O. . C. • Brown. H. r!
Brink, R. S. Badger, W. Yv\ , Bradley, E.
Bishop, L. R. Bodefeld, A. G. Cadogan, A.' M.
Coojey, A. H. Culbertson. R. Clifford, H. c!
Cheek. R. M. Carey. C. Davidson. - L.. Delash
mut, B. Duden, O. C. Davis, Mr. Frederich, J.
M. Eehelman, W. Glrvln, J.vA. Gustafson, T.
J. Goble, Mr. Graves, O. Goldman, XV. C. Greg
ory, M. C. Graydon, E. M. Hussey. T. L.
Hamlln. G. Ilartllne. J. B. HerreshofT, W. S.
Herreshoff, W. Juch. A. . K. ' Johnston, T L..
Johnston, 1 C. Jones. E. E.- Keyes, R. Kelly, W.
C. Kerr. E. Kruschke, V. V. Llgda, P. Llgda
A. McPherson. N. M.-.Moran.H.S. Minor. H:
H. .Minor.' C. G. Mayo. A." \V. Meany. J. Mil
ler. M. . Milton. W. - Mason. A. ¦ D. . Plaw W.' A
Powell. A. Powers, Mr. Phillips, R. S. Pierce,
C. R. Parker, F. H. Redewill. W: Ran*ur L.
Ray, Mr. . Robertson, S. Rankln, 8. J. Stanley,
U Symmes, \V. W. Smith. J. B. Sawyer. K. R.
Service, R. Sibley, • P. Slnsheimer, W.'Stalder.
Mr.. Sheffield, H. Squires, : Mr. iTopham. — R.
Thomas, Mr. Townsend," \T. Titus f Jr.',' v P. * E.
Vilas. R. Woolsey. Mr. Williams. A. M. ; Walsh,
Mr. ' Wallace. G. G. Watson, 8. B. -Wright. \V.
A. E. Wood. Mr. Weaver. J. A. WIIcox. W.
Wldenmann. _''1*Hifr*yiH*WidL imfl'li
CALIFORNIA'S
FIELD DAY MEN
NEW ORLEANS, March 22.— "Weather fine;
track fast. ' Summary:
First race, six furlongs, ' celling— Charlie
Daniels won, Zaza second, Tenole third. Time.
l:l«.. -. '.¦¦....".. .
Second race, one and a quarter miles, sell
lni:—Vv'oodtrica won, ¦ Excelsis • second. Red Pi
rate third. Time, 2:11. .
Third race, six furlongs— Tom KIngsley ¦ won,.
Gecrgle second, Goebel. third. Time, 1:14%.
Fourth race, the , Pickwick Club stake, one
mile— Dissolute won. Sir Gat Ian (second, Gar
trude Elliott third.- Time, 1:42.'
Fifth race, gentlemen riders, one and a six
teenth mlle»— Swordsman -won, -J.: H. . Barnes
second, Dagmar third. Time, 1:55.
Sixth Tace, seven furlongs, selling:— Kid won,
Loone second, Virgie d'Or third. Time, 1:30.
Seventh race. . six furlongs, selling — Janowood
won, Momentum second, . Lackman third.
Time, 1:15^. .. .
RACES AT NEW ORLEANS.
: :Rufe Turner of California and Sam Bo
lin of : New York fought five rounds ' to a
draw. In the preliminaries.
DENVER, March 22.— "Kid" Broad of
Cleveland put out "Young Corbett" of
Denver in tne fourth round of what was
to have been a ten-round go before the
Colorado : Athletic Association here to
night. The . fight had been . very even up
to the time Broad put a left swing to Cor
bett's Jaw and Jabbed his right Into his
stomach In. the fourth round. Corbett
went to the floor but got up quickly.
Broad waded In and slammed right and
left wherever they would land. He drove
Corbett completely around the ring and
wore him down so that a stiff right to the
wind put him down and out. ; -
KID BROAD
THE VICTOR
The chauffeurs have gained another
valuable concession recently. Hitherto it
has been necessary to empty all the gaso
line from the tanks before going on board
a ferry-boat, thus entailing some loss and
considerable inconvenience.' Now, how
ever, automobiles may be carried on ferry
boats on simply extinguishing the - : fire,
without : emptying , out the gasoline. As
matters stand at present, the transporta
tion companies may refuse, to convey the
autos, but It is no longer contrary to the
United States statutes for them to carry
autos having gasoline in their tanks. A
committee of the : Automobile Club has
been appointed • to. confer with the , man
agers of the transportation companies
and procure their permission to travel by
the ferry-boats.
Automoblllsm, which for the first fifteen
months of its existence in this city made
little visible progress, has been advancing
rapidly' of late. The strong delegation of
chauffeurs ' which recently waited on the
Park Commissioners presented their case
through F. A. Hyde, who stated it clear
ly and ably. The Park Commissioners
consented to meet the owners of horseless
carriages some morning, and last Tuesday
P. P. Rockett, Dorville Llbby, A. E.
Brooke Ridley. S. D. Rogers, R. R. l'Hom
medieu and others took their autos to
Golden Gate Park. Park Commissioner
McDonald and Superintendent McLaren
were taken along the south drive to the
beach, along the Ocean boulevard and out
to Ingleside, the desire. of the chauffeurs
being to show the control possessed over
the vehicles and the slight alarm felt by
horses. The Commissioners will now
formulate rules under which permits will
be granted to the chauffeurs to use the
designated drives. This • will help the
sport materially, as it will provide the
automobllists with a pleasant round trip
near at hand. The Automobile*. Club of
California will take a run over the park
route on Sunday, April 7, all members who
have received permits being requested to
make the trip. The rendezvous will be at
Golden Gate and Van Ness avenues at 11
a. m., thence to the Waller-street entrance
to the park.. thence along the south drive
to the ; boulevard, along that to Its end,
and back through the park, thence around
the Presidio reservation and home. S. D.
Rogers, president of the Automobile Club,
will be • captain of the . day, with R. R.
l'Hommedieu as assistant.
AUTOMOBILE NOTES.
BARTENDERS' UNION PROSPERIXO.—
Fifteen new members wer» initiated at tha
meeting of the Bartenders' Union held In Turn
Vereln Kail on Turk street last night. Though
organized but a few weeks the union has a
wembershlp of over seventy and new appli
cations are coming In dally. The charter will
be kept open until the first of th« month,
¦when the fee will be raised from 50 certs to
J.1 Edward Ehrhorn Jr. was elected business
agent. The meeting was addressed oy F. S.
Hamilton, delegate to the Labor Council from
the Hotel Employes* Union.
""REFUSES TO SUPPORT HIS SOX.— The
action Instituted by Elizabeth E. Klrsch against
her former husband, C. F. Emil Klrsch, to
compel the defendant to contribute toward th*
support of their minor child, Rudolph Emll
Klrsch, was on hearing before Judge S!cs3 yes
terday. Mrs. Klrsch alleges that her husband
Is worth about 5-O.CCO. but refuses to help her
maintain or educate their son. In a subsequent
action Klrsch denied that he was the father o'
the lad In question, but the court held that hfa
denial was not supported by the. facts. Th*
matter was taken under advisement.
MAHER'S JUDGMENT REDUCED.— Judge
Hunt handed down an opinion yesterday re
ducing the amount of damages awarded John
Maher against Henry Wilson and A. B. John
eon, for malicious prosecution, from tlCGO to
J5K Judge Hunt held that as Maher was In
prison but a few minutes and that as none of
his friends apparently heard of his arrest,
though the same was unwarranted. • he was not
damaged In the sum of flCOO, as found by th»
Jury. In the event Maher refuses to accept th«
reduction of the amount of the Judgment a new
trial will be granted.
WILL. PROSECUTE TJNIOX IROJT WORKS.
.—United States District Attorney Wootiworth
received a telegram from the Department of
Justice yesterday instructing him to prosecute
the action brought against the Union Iron
Works by Rosenbers and others for damages
and penalties for Importing Into San Francisco
eight contract laborers — six from Germany and
two from Scotland. The defendant has filed a
demurrer, setting up that the Federal statute
dees not apply to skilled mechanics, the men
beinjr coppersmiths.
SMITH RECOVERS JUDGMENT.-In the
action Instituted by C. R. Smith against ths
App Consolidated Gold Mining Company to re
cover $70© due for services rendered as super
intendent of the defendant corporation's prop
erties, the jury found a verdict In favor of the
plaintiff yesterday, as prayed.
AN INSOLVENT MINER— Joseph O. Ben
nett, a miner at Ansels Camp, Calaveras Coun
ty, filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday Jn
the United States District • Court. He owes
JTjj 23 and has no assets.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
FETALUMA, 22.— The estate* of
the late Asa Higgins, the Petaluma
rancher, soon will be Involved in litiga
tion. Higgins died a few weeks ago, leav
ing property worth $16,000. Most of it was
bequeathed to his stepson, Brainerd
Jones. Other bequests of about $2000 each
were made to Dr. George Ivancovlch and
Mrs. Samuel Morrison of Santa Clara, the
latter a sister of the deceased.
The courts had Just opened proceedings
on the estate when to-day Samuel Morri
son arrived here and presented a claim
of him wife for a sum that would envelop
the whole of the estate. It is claimed
that Asa Higgins borrowed JSOO from his
mother to make his start in life, and that
the money was never paid baek. This
amount, with the Interest that has ac
crued in thirty years, equals the present
value of the estate. Mrs. Morrison, as an
heir of her mother, claims part of the
borrowed money and Interest. Suit will
be: brought in a few days, as other heirs
of Higgins are unwilling to remit any
of their legacies.
Preparations for La Fiesta.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.—Arrange
ments for La Fiesta de los Flores are
progressing rapidly. Last night the com
mittee on illumination practically com
pleted its plans. Fourteen thousand in
candescent electric globes will be used In
the scheme of decoration. The three
principal business streets— Main, Spring
and Broadway— will be bordered on either
side with white lights from Temple street
to Sixth street, and at each intersection
of -cross streets airy towers will be raised,
limned in lights of red and blue. The
decorations throughout will be on a scale
never before attempted.
Sister of the Late Asa Higgins of
Petaluma Demands All of His
Property.
CLAIMS AN ESTATE
TTFON NOVEL GBOTTNDS
AMONG THE OARSMEN.
The Alaraeda Boating Club opened the
rov.-ing season of 1301 iast Sunday at its
clubhouse on Oakland Creek with a reccpr
tlon to ladles and members.
The boathouse was crowded with spec
tators, for whose entertainment were pro
vided rowing and Ewimming races. There
was a pretty stiff breeze on the creek.
maJjing the water somewhat choppy. Out
of consideration for the ladies and for the
fact that it is too early for the oarsmen.t}
be la the best of condition the rowing
races were short dashes.
Charles H. Smith, president of the club,
acted as timer and T. A. Elsfeldt as start
er. In a half-mile dash in outrigged
skiffs H. H Nelson beat C. J. Hague by
ten lengths in 5 minutes 23 seconds and
E. B. 1 homing defeated A. M. Hainan in
5 minutes. C. Ayers provea victorious over
George Lewis in a *iaif-mile race with a
turn and F. W. Avens beat John Lewis
In a quarter of a milo straightaway.
The University of California is having
a four-oared practice boat buiit in. the
shops at Cornell University. It is to be
of cedar and constructs after the model
of the boats in use at Cornell. The totai
cost to the University Boat Club of con
struction and transportation Will be about
$GC0 and tbe craft is to be completed be
fore June 1. It will be built by HoyJe,
v.'ho is permanently employed by the Cor
nell Boating A^sociatfon. The University
of California. Boat Club will hold an inter
c!a.ss reeaXlB. next month, the results of
¦which will be Important In determining
the composition of the crew to be sent to
the regattas at Victoria, B. C. Portland
•md Astoria this year.
The junior barce crew of the Ariel
Ron-ing dub will shortly begin practice.
It consists of J. Kecgan, H. Foley, W.
Nokes and E. Smith. The racing barga
of the-Arlels met with a mishap recently.
It was being rowed across the bay to Al
Rogers* yard at Alameda Point and off
Goat Island encountered a strong wind
and considerable sea. which cansized iti
Launches from the Ignited States battle
ship Wisconsin rescued the crew and
xom-ed the boat to Long Wharf, but some
damage was done to the barge by a boat
hook.
The long expected new outrlgged skiff
built In Cambridge, Mass.. for tho Dolphin
Boa.tins' Club has safely reached the city
and will be launched to-morrow. It is a
ehallow craft and has a etern like thatVf
a barge and. being built for use on smooth
¦water, is rigged low. The rowlocks will
have to be raised for work on the bay.
She Is very licht and Is expected to
prove as fast as any croft in these waters.
She will be named Yankee and hor
launching at 11 a. m. will be watched
•with interest by many members of the
lWpWn club. It is probable that a. race
•will be made up shortly between the no¥»
skiff and the Rogers skiff owned by tho
Alameda Boating Club.
WHEELING WHIRLS.
The Bay City "Wheelmen will hold a club
run to Camp Taylor to-morrow, under
Captain A. E. J. Xye, taking th* S a. m.
Eacsailto boat. This Is always a popular
rtde and will doubtless be largely attend
ed. The club will hold a ten-mile handi
cap road race on March 31.
The wheelmen of the San Mateo Athletic
Club are going to turn out In a body to
morrow and^repair th*e cycle path from
Buriinsrame San Mateo. New cinders,
¦w-ire, pickets, paint, etc, ¦will be used, and
the road put in first-class condition for
the present season. The following thir
teen di lectors have been elected and will
be installed with a smoker and jinks on
April J: J- Cronin. president; A. J. Dickie,
vice president; E. J. Huslng. secretary;
Ed Foster, treasurer; D. W. Donnelly,
rartaln; C. M. lvirkbrlde, M. McClure.
John Craig, M. Brown. Paul Noiset, \V.
it. Burke. Walter Anderson. M. J. Con-
J. Thompson of the Bay City
Wheelmen, at one time well known in rac
ing circles, left for China, on yesterday's
f t< .-. rr..-J.!p. "¦
G. A. Wahlgreen. proprietor of Cycling
West, of Denver, was in the city during
tho v.-fy-k. renewing old acquaintances.
W. L. Loos, formerly chairman of the
racing board here, and now a resident of
Los Angeles, was In town this week, ac
companied by Roma Dow, another well
known racer.
Champion Tom Coorvr. of Detroit. Is in
Etn Jose, the guest of Floyd McFarland.
CLEVELAND, March 22.— Tom Jenkins,
¦world's champion catch-as-catch^can
wrestler, named that style to govern his
rrntch with ilouroulah, the Turk, at New
York on May 7. The style was optional
with Jenkins. Goorge V. Touchy, man
ager of Jerkins has posted a forfeit to
bind a match for any part of $2500 with
Dan McLeod. who rfoer.tly defeated Paul
Pnns at Montreal. Jenkins and Touchy
lpavu for St. Louis to-morrow to complete
arrangements for their match with Roe
ber. which is scheduled for April 8 In that
city.
WRESTLERS ARE
READY TO MEET
- \Be.tween . these ¦ two 'intercolonial ports
there was a race between the Sonoma and
one of the fast vessels of the Union Com
pany, the Mararoa. The latter vessel
surpassed her previous record. This,
however; the Sonoma Was able to lower
by four hours sixteen minutes, accom
plishing the run of 1281 knots In three
days four hours and four minutes.
Upon this memorable trip the Sonoma
steamed 425 knots in twenty-four hours,
or an average of almost 17% knots per
hour. ;-'¦ -,.¦•: ;
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 22.— A new
record between J3an Francisco and Auck
land has. been established,' the trip having
been made in 19 days 7 hours 39 minutes,
the quickest run on record, by the So
noma, the second of the three new sister
ships of the Oceanic Company built for
the Pacific service between San Francisco
and Sydney via. 'Honolulu, Samoa and
Auckland.'. "After" beating the record to
Auckland from .San Francisco the So
noma maintained the distinction by also
lowering the record between Auckland
and- Sydney. - • •
New Vessel Lowers Record
From San Francisco to
Auckland.
SONOMA FASTEST
OF OCEAN LINERS
After the session, which was stormy,
many of the prominent Chinese had to be
escorted to their homes by the guardians
of the peace, as It was feared they would
be made targets for the bullets of high
binders. ¦
- The trouble arose over discrepancies la
accounts with the Sam Yup Company.
Jobbery was alleged, but the affair was
amicably adjusted at the meeting yester
day. /
When the. meeting was called littlo
trouble was anticipated, but when tho
crowd began to assemble it was at or.cu
seen that violence would probably result.
The officers of the Six Companies secretly
dispatched messengers to the Hall of Jus
tice and policemen were rushed to the
scene.
The assistance of the police was re
quired to prevent bloodshed at a meetlns
of the Chinese Six Companies Thursday
nisht. About three hundred angry and
excited members attended in a body and
were intent upon making trouble if cer
tain accounts with the Sam Yup Com
pany were not straightened out. Yester
day their demands were complied with.
Trouble Averted at Lively
Meeting of the Six
Companie3.
POLICEMEN KEEP
CHINESE QUIET
"I have hopes," said the Senator when
he left the White House, "that sooner or
later loyalty to the Republican party will
bring the bolters to their senses." •
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The Ne
braska Senatorial situation was consid
ered at a consultation between the Presi
dent and Senator Hanna, chairman of the
Republican National Commtttee ( to-day.
The administration is anxious that the
deadlock In the Legislature be broken in
older that the election of two Republican
Senators may be accomplished, and the
Republican National Committee has been
exerting its influence to that end; Senator
Hanna did not relish- the publication of
the telegrams which he sent to Lincoln
urging acquiescence in the will of the ma
jority and says he will send no more tele
grams to people who make them public.
He may, however, find a way of,an3wer
lng the 'telegram sent to him by the ten
bolting Republicans, which declared that
the election of D. ; E. Thompson, one of
the candidates, would be disgraceful.
The Thompson men- were not expecting
the change and their gratification was
plain. ¦ They . cheered Senator Crounse
heartily. The prospects to-night are not
favorable to an election this week. Both
houses will be In session to-morrow.
-LINCOLN, Nebi. March 22.— Fifty-four
Republicans went Into J caucus again to
night in an effort to end the long term
Senatorial deadlock. Balloting up to 11
o'clock was without result or material
change from last night, the .vote at that
hour being: Edward Rosewater .34,
Meikeljohn 13, F^ank M. Currle 7. Neces
sary to nominate, 45. .
" The feature of the joint convention bal
lot to-day at noon was the gain of D. E.
Thompson of one vote, that of State Sen
ator Lorenzo; Csounse,; heretofore, one of
the 'strongest j of. Thompson's (opponents.
The proceedings ; bordered on the sensa
tional. Crounse made a speech, In expla
nation of his 1 vote, saying Thompson was
not; his choice for the short term, but ha
believed It a duty he owed his constituents
to end the deadlock if he could. Thomp
son,-he said, 6tood with the prestige of
a caucus nomination behind him and the
support of forty-eight - men. He con
cluded: ¦¦'¦¦--.-. - ;¦
"I, for one, shall not set up my Judg
ment against that of the majority and
therefore vote for D. E. Thompson and F.
M. Currie."
Nebraska Republicans Find
No End to ttfe Sena-'
\i: torial Contest,
VOTING SHOWS
SAME DEADLOCK
The injured man was taken to the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio, where Act
ing Assistant Surgeon Banta dressed the
¦wound, which is painfttl, but not serious.
Mr. Young spends a great deal of his
time practicing with the rifle and revol
ver and does all his shooting at Harbor
View. Yesterday he fired several shots
from a revolver and then started to ex
plain the workings of the weapon he was
using to pome friends. The pistol slipped
from his hand to the ground, exploding
a cartridge and wounding: him.
FO. YOUNG, famous as a cham
pion rifle and pistol shot, was
severely Injured yesterday aft-
O ernoon by th© discharge of a
revolver, the mechanism of
¦which he was exhibiting to friends. The
bullet penetrated his left arm between
the WTist and elbow. Inflicting a wound
that will prevent his using the member
for some time.
The Ingleslde Coursing Club, In order to
save Its representation and existence as a
member of the California Courslne Com
mittee, held a draw last night for an
cpen stake to be run on Sunday at Val
iejo. j^jBBmm
¦ The draw, which was held at Pythian
Castle, is as follows: Open stake, flfty
six entries— Scotland Yet vs ; Flower of
Gold; Sweet Favordale vs. Ben Lomond;
Kibosh vs. Victor -Queen; Little Fuller
ton vs. Psyche: Mamie Pleasant vs. Sally
Brass; Wild Koran vs. Lady Hastings;
Royal Anne vs. Crosspatch; Le Roy va
GranuvWa; Lyddite vs. Cecil M; O. K.
Capitol vs. Wild Wave; J. L. R. vs. Risky
Attempt; Rosanante vs. Hurricane; Blu
est vs. Sara; Riley Grannan vs. Prairie
Princess; Shootover vs. Rich Aunt; My
Selection vs. Lavona; Montana Jack vs.
Pasha Queen: Half Moon vs. Lough
neagh; Prairie Boy vs. Wedding Bells;
Benicia Boy V3. Honesty; Rosie Clair.vi-.
Morella: Hard Lines vs. Wang; Black
Hawk vs. Mountain Belle; Gramercy vs.
Swedish: Mutineer vs. Honor Bright; IJn
ton vs. Daisy Clalr; May be Keen v*.
Lord Edward; Log Boy vs. Grafter.
Andie Dean will be the Judge and Harry
Murray the slipper on this occasion.
COURSING AT
VALLEJO PARK
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; Mill re.
2172 Rio Shannon... 102 1 2079 Lomond 108
(2073) Sir Hampton... 108 1 (2161) Wyoming- Ill
212« Havlland 102 1 1893 Sunello ........ .100
\ Probable "Winners.
First race — Moonbrlght, Tola, Sublime.
Second race — Torslna. Flamero, Vohlcer.
Third race— OUnthus. Periwij. Mestor.
Fourth race— Tuthill, Articulate, The Fretter.
Fifth race— St. Rica. Canmore, Rolling, Boer.
Sixth raca— Wyoming. Sir Hampton. Havl-
Fifth race — One mile and an eighth; three
year-olds; Pacific Union handicap.
tin Rollick lOOi 2137Canmore 127
1137 Rollins Boer... 124} 2137 Telamon 120
2106 Gold Badge S6l<2129)Dandy Jim..... .113
<2l7«)Beau Ormonde. 113 |(2133)St. Rica 10J
rm Cougar 102! (2146) Ben. Caldwell.,102
Fourth raoe— One mile and an eighth;- three
year-olds and upward; handicap.
2133 The Fretter.'....lia (2173)Tuthill 105
2151 Formero 103 (2163) Articulate 103
Third race — Steeplechase handicap; about two
asd a. half mil? 9.
(2150)Olinthu» ....... 1M I 2136 Periwig 145
2160 May Boy 1401 2160 L. Chesterflcld.128
2160 Mestor 12»!
Second race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
2133 Flamero 108 2150 Phoenlssa 103
2108 Boundlee 105 2167 Vain ...101
2i:2 Prejudice 105 2148 Maggie Davis. .109
S12QGoldone 104 2076 High Hoe ..106
21S3 Torsina 106. 2174 Vohlcer 108
2167 Merops 104' 2167 Alaa 96
To-Day's Entries.
Firat race— Six furlon*»: three-year-olds; gell
ing:.
1350 David 8 107 2146 Pr'ceas Tltania.105
2146 Birdie Stone. ...100 1500 Roundhead ....105
2170 Sublime 105 21C4 Small Jack 102
2146 Marcy 10J 2182 Homage 105
2164 Tola 107 2097 Flatterer .......110
£164 IUilouon 102 2164 Moonbright ....103
THE sudden and startling awaken
ing from his lethargy of Jockey
Milt Henry and an unfortunate In
cident at the post In the third
event, through wkich Yellowtail
was left, were the salient features
of the sport at Tanforan yesterday.
Henry surpassed any of his previous ef
forts by reaching the wire first on five out
of six mounts, and, stranger still, all were
first choices with one exception. Astride
Contestant. Milt ran second to Huachuca,
the favorite, or he would have scored a
sweep.
There was much disappointment over
the result of the elx-furlong purse run,
which was responsible for Kenilworth and
Yellowtail coming together. Although
Harry Stover's colt was conceding a year
and thirteen pounds to Captain Hackett's
pet, he was heavily played at 6 to 6, while
there was an abundance of 8 to 5 about
YellowtalL At the post the latter ap
peared a trifle fractious, and Assistant
McKnight apparently tried to swing the
big fellow off. To be brief, when Dick
Dwyer sprung the barrier Yellowtail did
not get away, the start being badly
broken up. Kenilworth soon passed
Rosormonde, and while only swinging as
he hit the stretch was about all out to
beat Sad Sam a head in l:13}i. The opinion
was generally expressed that Yellowtail
could have turned the trick, and a match
race nearly resulted. Captain Hackett
was perfectly willing to pit his horse
against Kenilworth under the same con
ditions for $1000 a side, stipulating, how
ever, that on the day of the race the track
must be fast. Stover, apparently looking
for a "shade," hung out for "pay or play,"
knowing full well Yellowtail is no "mud
der," and negotiations fell through.
W. O'B. Macdonough's Imp. Ormonde
three-year-old Beau Ormonde made a fair
collection of sprinters In the opening five
and a half fnrlcng scramble look like sec
ond-hand platers. Henry got the aristo
cratic chestnut off in the lead and won
easing up in 1:07. Dominlck landed the 20
to 1 shot Lief Prince second In front of
the poorly handled Andrattus..
Huachuca, a bay colt by Emperor
of Norfolk, trained by Doble and Camp
bell, took the maiden two-year-old event,
starting a 2 to 1 favorite with O'Connor
up. Opposite the paddock the winner
bumped Contestant, which in turn jostled
San Lultlon, the judges, however, disal
lowing a claim of foul.
Another favorite came through In the
second scramble for maiden two-year
olds in Ogle, from Sam Hildreth's stable.
Backed down to 7 to 10. the colt assumed
the lead in the stretch and won ridden out
from Yrsula and Snooze. Dan Collins quit
the last sixteenth.
For the mile and a sixteenth selling af
fair Nansen, the favorite, was clearly out
footed by MacGyle. With only two pounds
difference in weight, Pat Dunne's gelding
was played down to 3 to 5. while 3 could
be had against the eventual winner. Hen
ry on MacGyle got away from the -barrier
well, and shaking off Nllgar beat the first
choice home more than a length. Hippo
nax lost the show by only a narrow mar
gin to Lizzella.
In the last race of the day, over seven
furlongs. Impromptu, the 8 to 5 favorite,
repeated his win of the previous day.
Cougar made a fair showing to the
stretch and there blew up. Tony Lep
ping, a 12 to 1 shot, closed well, though
unable to overhaul the first choice.
m
Track Notes.
Harry Stover, who trains Contestant,
bid up Hu&chuca from $300 to $1000. Train
er Johnny Campbell retained the colt.
At the entry clerk's office nineteen
horses were thrown out of races to be run
to-day, and seventeen of the number hap
pened to be ones that had been racing at
Oakland.
The Pacific Union handicap, over one
mile and a furlong, with a splendid field
of starters, including among them Can
more, Rolling Boer and Telamon, will be
the feature of the racing- this afternoon.
Yellowtail Is Left at the Post and Kenilworth
Downs Sad Sam a Head—Beau
Ormonde Has All of His Speed.
By F. E. M ulholland.
HENRY PILOTS FIVE
WINNERS AT TAN FORAN
BOSTON. March 22.— A race for '.a $50,000
purse, made up of J10.000 a corner and $20,
000 added .by Thomas W. . Lawson, be
tween Charlie Herr, Cresceus and Boral
ma is announced by Mr. Lawson: A state
ment issued . by the • latter to-night r says
that the race will beat Readvllle, Mass.,
in the week beginning, September 16, all
the gate ) receipts to go: to charity. The
race will be handled by the New England
Trotting 'Horse Breeders' Association. -'-'
¦ Mr. 1 Lawson said v that as . soon ; as the
proposed race with The Abbott was called
off he proceeded to arrange a triangular
race,' doing it before he knew that The
Abbott's owner had • changed his mind.
The -arrangements .were Immediately com
pleted . between the ; owners , of Cresceus,
Charlie Herr and Boralma.
The race is to be best three In five
heats, first horse to take $30,000, the sec
ond $20,000, each owner to deposit $2500 and
the remainder the night before the race;
all gate receipts to be divided equally be
tween the West End Nursery and Infants'
Hospital and the Industrial School for
Crippled and Deformed Children, both of
Boston.
Thomas Lawson Ar
ranges Contest; for a
Fifty Thousand Purse
RAGE STAKE
CHARITY'S
PRIZE.
Frank . Erne, the lightweight pugilist,
was In no pleasant frame of mind last
evening. .He dropped Into town after a
day's work around Ingleslde and gave
vent to his dissatisfaction over the failure
to 'secure a match with' McGovern, or at
least an unqualified promise of a match
with the Terrible Teddy.
When Erne read what Sam Harris, Mc-
Govern's manager, had to say about
rights In California and that Teddy was
willing to fight Erne after. Oscar Gardner
was laid to rest, Erne moved his traps
from the city to Ingleslde and went, into
active training at once. But now Erne Is
disgruntled and says that as much as he
has tried he can get no satisfactory an
swer from any one who has the manage
ment of McGovern in hand, so he will
leave San Francisco for his Buffalo home
next Wednesday. *
"I am tired of waiting for a positive,
definite answer or a guarantee that Mc-
Govern will fight ; me," : said : Erne last
night. "I did consider it a fact that I was
to fight McGovern In this, city after the
Gardiner fight, but now I hardly believe
that they will match me with McGovern.
The latest talk is a match between Mc-
Govern and Kid Lavigme, a has-been, and
now I am out of it. Yes, I. will go home
on Wednesday, but if they want me with
in a reasonable time I shall return."
Erne has been at work at Ingleslde for
a week dissipating fatty tissue by com
paratively hard training. He has put on
many extra pounds since his last fight
and so decided that steady work was the
best system of training.
On Friday night, March 29, trie National
Sporting Club will hold Its second exhibi
tion. Otto Cribb, who Is training at
Blankin's, and "Dutch" ,Thurston, who is
at work at the. San , Francisco Athletic
Club, will be seen In the principal event.
Kid McFadden and Danny Mahoney and
.Tommy Cox ¦ and Jack Gllfeather "will
make up the preliminaries.' • * .' <
Says That \ McGovern
Wants to Fight a
Lot of Has-Beens
FRANK ERNE
IS GOING
HOME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23^ 1901.
RACING, GOLF , TENNIS SPORTS
Bullet From Revolver
He Drops Inflicts a
Painful Flesh Wound
F. O. YOUNG
IS SHOT IN
ARM.
21S1. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong; selling;
four-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
(217C) Impromptu. 110... .Henry 1 1 n in -11
21M T. Lepplngv 103.. Mounce S 3 n 2 h 2 1
2132 Wm. Ack. 10O..r. Murphy. 4 6 6 6 3 ns
2129 Bernota, 107. ...O'Connor 5 4 2 4 1 4 3
2170 Cougar, 110 .Thorpe 2 1 h 3 2 6 5
21G4 Compass, 100.. .Dominlck 6 6 16 6
Time- Vl. . :26: H. :50Vi: H. 1:02*:' 34, l:28tt.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving:. Winner, A'. Q. Blakeley's b. c by
Crescendo- Amlda. Impromptu too speedy 'for
others. , Couyar gave. \lf up at stretch turn.
Tony Lepping ran a 'nrce race. Bernota likes
ICUd. - - .•¦¦:. I
Betting— Impromptu. 8-5; Tony JLepplsK, 12;
William Ack, 30; Bernota, 2; Cougar, 9-2; Com
pass, 7. . • .
5
DO YOU
WANT TO IMPROVE YOUR
LIBRARY?
Call at The Call office and
examine Cram's ' Atlas of ', the
World, 1901 edition. By sub-
scribing for The Daily Call for
< six- months you can secure a
cdpy^of this excellent work of
¦ reference ' for $1.50,' or about
one-flf th ' the actual 'subscrip-
ition ¦ •price.-: .The :¦ premium, is
only. offered \io: rea ders of , Th e
Call.^. It Iwill be' to your inter-j
est to subscribe for The Call at
once^/
|Th eJ forz5cl, '3 for ll?L»ld^l»BawuJ^I "m^J^S^S 1
sf- to-day oniy. ... 2CSC California's LARdEST-AMERiCA's grandest store Mr. w. Mahooj, comet Soio.«t. ««
I Dress Shields 8c. Children's Lisle $2.00 Collars $1.18 £
5 We have dosed out a lot « * a88 pairs of fine 7Hl*GSd HOSC 1 7 Cm These $1.50, f 1.75 and |s.oo stylish cream or 'jS
ft" quality of feather-weight "dress shield* that _..,.' ,•.,_,, .. j ecr « Point Veniss "5
?. are worth regularly 1 S c a pair; they are per- Children . Lsle^ Thread Hcsr, with extracted JST^^. Lace RcTcre Col- %
tt feet 'in evjry respect, but only two lixes, l polka dots;, black, carnal and Frrnch bw, /$? J&gTv h hokc d .. $
K and 3 -mo.tofthemNo. a-on sp=- « *** wh.te dcts; s,'k finishrd, full scami«s Sgf £tegS> s ; gns> one c f th h *
ft . c:al ta> to-day only; par BG an f us . ull: X good value at 25c a patr; to-d,y ®gU $$$&$ seMon ' s P°P- Z
V —___ oniv^n^ S to 9 3 pairs f Or fT^ .mi ££§r^ »'» « : « *% *?
l£ ' 5OC; r« pan- f/C $g$ j%*8k shouVer dressings, 3
I S12.5O New Eton Safe of English ff Mr (!^5) I
g Dress $9.50* Torchon Laces. ' m sfir at - TCTy tow 5
• -£9^ Thw new all- A large quantity of pretty English .Torchon Mr J^r '
X Jr&wffl woo'. Eton Dr«s in Laces, in a variety of widths '.and many de- V jBf. G"§ tO X
£ ' mK^tt b'ack or navy chev- signs; nice for trimming , [wash drrssss and &..M%9 ij
iot< °* ht ' 6 n y underwear; new, pcT'ect goods, s:cu-ed fcy • - — % fS
•f 4^v »nd t"*" <ovfrr; us at much less than tfce real value"; on spe- «*, J n S n \fSttg* Q#«j>«*^fi £
S (?T\ 'jacke: silk lined; cial sa'e to^ay (Saturday) enly, prr __ I/S l/OWWIie OCaWS £
| 1J\ regularly $1250; -M TO~D3y27C, S
K fki< r " specul to-day onjv, . .,;.'• We have dosed out the balance of a jobber's 5
Jf LT^ $8m5O &atG Of § tnpOrtet*/ itock of thb newest Spring Neckwear for S
i l J $1.50 «nd $1.75 Checked Nainsooks. , "^.f 0^ 0 " 11 "w U) n % t£hx f? ai ?
5 J i Iff w «<>/• washab e sxlk, in about 20 cifferent design* "2
5" A ¦J'- wrappers , oy C— The genuine Checked NainsDoks, book f>ld, in and prtttv soiing colcrings; they can be del '?
5/7 / pood Flannelette , m al, meilutn and large plaids; the • bert in n^nydlffrrent wajj, and ladk. will find J
$ •/ ¦ / \ Wrapperj; ;linej weJxiag w . blt . mat:rial made . a fn . te j them y^ u |k| -
* / / . / \ w ? 1!t ':, *, ¦'¦ ' of aaored qualidts; ranging in va'u; from are vrorth regularly 50c and 75c {5
§ *=»/ \\ •?««*«» «y'«; «8- ' 15c to ao= a y«J; to be dosed out # . each, to-day on'y ....27C*
XVJiJ. If \ \ ular.y I1.50 and , to-day (Saturday) only IfC _i 1 1_U X
I W§m HP! 7Sc Pumps 42c. "™ S'SiO^O ?
* V\t 89C The Giant F ocket Foot P U mp, s: m p'e, com- 97'BO attti §1O.OO, |
5' $25.01) Silk Lin:"d D;e?s $!8 00-a new, pact and powerful; can be fo'dfd up and J u " for ***** e : '". S
V very, fine ail-wool Camel's Hair PeSb e cairi d in tool bag or pocket; made of ream- hiT!: . reid 7 ™ e /^J^JcBkV"^
*! Cheviot Eton Drers— black only - jacket ltss brts; tubing, nk!ctl p'at.-t 4 ; as ffficirnt Fre . t::eSt : ,. *~ /^^*«^Ql^^/ %
h is the' new doub'.e-bnasted, be'ted E'on, as a large pump; regu'ar 75c; — -» , . b: 2S- iC K<^$^^^^O|i «
5 " with rounded front: Skirt has thr flaring to-day only, each **2C V^' U!S "» S
»? graduated flource, and the entre suit is lined tnmirei hats for *
« with' good all-silk tafftta; tf<Q .^ tn >o : : * *Z' 5 ° '" $1 °^ <*WW '«
%^ rwizTiy $2 5 ; t^y on>y $18.00 Best Creamery Butter, to- J^" 6 ; ™ L-^^
and $3.00 Avaists $1.39— Assor ed day Ollly, Special for all new and our J&^KZ' 5
ff lot of all-wool Waist', dotted, braided or p'.ain; / TP&\]]aT KX7C &%f^ own F ro<!nct - :on S, "^ S
*k all of them fine qualities; a'l colon and a'l "» wu " w&tiLS&S not factcry made •*•
J sires; formerly $t. 50, -$^7$ ' fi« . 9Q SqUarCS . . . . . "."*^ .$7.5O and $10.00 %
£ ' and $3; Epecial to-day on'iy: . 9*«v<£f ; — _ ! Thousands of Walking Hats $1 to S5 jB
THE EJIPORITJM.
THE EMPOBraM.
THE EMPORIUM.or to others with his knowledge or con
sent In this or any foreign country for
more than two years prior to his applica
tion, or an application for a patent filed
in any foreign country by himself or his
legal representatives or assigns more than
seven months prior to his application. If
any application for a patent has-been filed
in any foreign country by the applicant In
this country, or by his legal representa
tives or assigns, prior to his application
m this country, he shall state the country
or countries in which such application has
been filed, giving the date of such appli*
cation, and shall also state no application
has been filed. in any other country or
countries than those mentioned. The oath
must also state that to the best of the ap
plicant's knowledge and belief the Inven
tion has not been in public use or on sale
in the United States, nor described in any
printed publication or patent in this or
any foreign country, 'or more than two
years prior to his application in this coun-
Inf onnation foe Inventions.
An applicant may prepare and prosecute
his own application ar.d, for the purpose
of giving him as much information-as pos
sible, the Patent Office furnishes, without
charge, upon request, printed copies of the
patent laws, rules of practice and forma.
It is, however/much better for the appli
cant to employ a .patent attorney to pre
pare his application and prosecute the
same, as the value of patents depends
largely upon the skillful preparation of the
specifications and claims. From time to
time the Patent Office issues a roster of
all registered attorneys who are entitled
to represent applicants in the presenta
tion and prosecution of applications for
patents.
The statute provides for the grant of
another class of patents known as "de
sign patents." These are issued to any
person who, by his own Industry, genius,
efforts and expense, has Invented and pro
duced any new and original design for a
manufacture, bust, statue, altro-rellevo or
bas-relief; any new or original design for
the crintinc of woolen. Bilk, cotton or
other fabrics; any new or original Impres
sion, ornament, pattern, print or picture
to be printed, painted, cast or otherwise
placed on or worked into any article of
manufacture; or any new, useful and or
iginal shape or configuration of any arti
cle of manufacture, the same not having
been known or used by others before his
invention or production thereof, nor pat
ented or described in any printed publica
tion. These patents are granted, at the
election of the applicant, for three and a
half, seven or fourteen years. The Gov
ernment fees for them are respectively $10,
$15 end $S0.
Method of Issuing a Patent.
It may be of interest to follow through
the Patent Office an application until It
eventuates In a patent. As most inventors
employ attorneys, the majority of Invent
ors know very little more about the meth
ods of obtaining a patent than does the
public at large. V •
Whenever an application for a patent
I* received it Is examined for the purpose
of determining whether all the formal
requirements nave been complied with.
If complete in formal matters, It Is for
warded to one of the thirty-six examining
divisions where are examined Inventions
in the art to which the application un
der consideration, belongs. Each exam
ining division has at its head a princi
ral examiner, under whom are several
assistant examiners. -Each of these as
sistant examiners has one or more of the
classes or sub-classes of Inventions
which are examinable in that division.
The application Is in due course— at the
present time about one month after its
tiling date — taken up for examination by
the assistant, who reports the result of
his search to the principal examiner,
and, when approved by the latter, a, let
ter Is written to the applicant In the care
of his attorney advising him of the re
sult" of such examination. The attorney,
or the inventor, if he has no attorney,
makes reply to the office action, where
upon a further examination is made, and
these counter actions are continued un
til the application Is allowed in whole
or In part. If the applicant Is dissatis
fied' with the action of the examiner, an
appeal lies, upon payment of a fee of $10,
to the board of examiners-In-chlef, and
from their action a further appeal lies,
upon payment of a fee 'of $20, to the
Commissioner of Patents In person, and
from his adverse action another appeal
may be taken to the Court of Appeals of
?.he District of Columbia, the expense of
which varies according to the length of
the record. If the application is finally
allowed, the applicant is notified that
the patent will Issue at any time within
six months upon payment of the final
Government fee of $20. Upon the receipt
of that fee the specification is sent to
the Government printing office to be
printed, and the drawing to the official
contractor, to be photo-lithographed, and
when this work is completed the patent
is sealed, slsrned by the Assistant Secre
tary of the Interior and countersigned by
the Commissioner of Patents.
Other Privileges for Inventors.
Other privileges are conferred upon in
ventors by the patent statutes. If .his
original patent Is inoperative or. Invalid
by reason of a defective or insufficient
speclflcatibn or by reason of his claiming
as his invention or discovery more than
he has a right to claim as new, provided
the error ha.s arisen from inadvertence,
accident or mistake and without any
fraudulent or deceptive intention, a reis
sue is granted him, his legal representa
tives or the assignees of the entire inter
est. The Government fee for a reissue
application Is $30.
If the Inventor be a citizen of the United
States and has made a new invention or
discovery and desires further time to> ma
ture the same, on payment of a. fee of $10
he may file in the Patent Office a caveat
setting forth the . object and the dis
tinguishing characteristics of the Inven
tion, and praying protection of his right
until he shall tiave matured fcis Invention
This caveat is filed in the confidential
archives of the Patent Office, preserved
in secrecy and operating for a term of
one year, and is intended to prevent the
grant of a patent to another for the same
alleged invention upon an application filed
during the life of the caveat without no
tice being given to the caveator. The
caveat may be renewed on request in
writing from year to year on payment of
a further fee of 510 for each annual re
newal.
Single printed copies of the speciflca
tiens and drawings of patents are fur
nished to the public for B cents, and if an
order is given for all Issued patents, such
copies are furnished for 1 cent each, while
copies of all patents In a class are fur
nished for 2 cents and In a sub-class for 3
cents each.
- Getting the Benefit of the Doubt.
It lias been the Intention and the almost
continuous practice of the Patent Office
to so conduct Its affairs that invention be
oncouraged. and. with some few excep
tions, it has been the policy of the office
to give the benefit of the doubt to the in
ventor, for it is only through the Issue of
a patent that an inventor bas an oppor
tunity to demonstrate the valu* of h's
invention. C. H. I>UELL.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
••Thcre'8 a beggar at the door; shall I
give him anything?" . .
"Give, him our bath tickets that are left
over. It's too cold now, anyway ••— fh«>
gende Blaetter. . . . le
th Teachei>-Who can name the bones of
Bobby— I've pot 'em all In my head but
I can't think of them.— Atlanta Constltu-
Some Injudicious person had suKe-estPd
Senator Lotsmun as chairman of an in
vestlgatlng committee.. ""
!The worst enemy a' man In public lifo
can; have." eommen'ecl, one of his confi
dential supporters, "is a fool friend "
".Well,. I would hardly class him as a
fool friend.". -^replied the •djstlnffulaned
statesman, reflecting a moment ••-Pe'a
merely a friendiy fool."-Chlcago Tribune.
,' • •
The Los Angeles Grand Jury has made charges of
corruption against several officials and has recom
mended punishment and removal from office; but
the matter can hardly be called sensational, for the
people have heard too many charges of that kind from
too many juries to be startled at the old'ery.
CHEAP LIBRARY POST.
DESPITE the indifference with which' Congress
treated the bill providing a: cheap postal rate
for books circulated by public libraries! the
New England Education League continues the cam
paign of education on the subject and is making ear
nest efforts to attain success at the next session cf
Congress. To that end the league has just issued an
attractive pamphlet containing* a copy of the bill, an
explanation of its purposes, andithe principal argu
ments in its favor. It is to be hoped the efforts 'will
be successful. The measure is in the interests of the
whole people, and the cost entailed would be as noth
ing in comparison with the benefits resulting from its
adoption. . •
Briefly stated the object of the bill is to provide
that public libraries may circulate books through the
mails at a cost of one cent a pound, or fraction
thereof. The libraries that would be entitled to the
Lord Wolseley complains that when he became
commander-in-chief of the British' army he found the
position was that of :i mere figure-head", and that he
could not act with efficiency, because the War Depart
ment continually interfered with him. It remains to
be seen whether Lord Roberts will be. as quiet as
Wolseley was under such restrictions, or whether he
will attack the red tape intrenchrnents and take them
by storm.
From the arrangements now being made to adorn
every station along McKinley's route through Califor
nia there will be no occasion for orators to remind
him this is the land of flowers. He will, in fact, see
hardly anything but blossoms, and it might be worth
while to tell . him that on some cf our land we grow
prunes.
• \ Washington authorities have decided in
Consuls to South Africa to notify whatever Govern^
merit happens for the moment to be in possession of
the place to which the Consul is accredited. Uncle
Scm is evidently determined to keep track of some
of the ubiquitous Boer generals.
The people who have been so loud in declaring the
Chinese Government ro be the weakest political or
ganization in the world evidently overlook the Euro
pean concert.
1~~HE old South State has not had such a jar
since the Charleston earthquake as she had when
Senator McLaurin practically joined the Re
publican party and appeared as a supporter of the
principal policies of the administration.
Throughout the South the politicians call the roll
of Senators and Representatives daily in deadly fear
that some others will escape. . McLaurin is being
duly denounced in his State, but seems confident
that much of it is being done by men who secretly
agree with him, and declares that two years hence,
when his term expires, he will carry the issue into the
primaries and will furnish the country with a surprise
that will be worth having.
The fact seems to be that McLaurin's case is merelv
the symptom of a condition that is rife throughout
the South. The whole Democratic structure in that
section is undermined. Their unavailing champion
f-hip of Bryan in twb losing campaigns -has made the
Southern -people despair of ever regaining the con
fidence of the North in a Democracy led by him.
They also despair o.f being able to shake him off.
They no longer believe in free silver, nor any of the
vagaries which he insists are principles that must be
inflexibly adhered to. and the South sees only a black
:.nd barren political future in a situation which' she
created in 1896. Therefore there exists the bold de
termination to take a new departure, support the
economic and international policies of the President
and put money in her purse.
It is notorious that the Southern members of Con
gress are on the best personal terms with the Presi
dent. Their relations ct the White House are on the
most amiable basis. They listen in Congress with im
patience to personal denunciations of him, and even
those who indulge in perfunctory criticism are in the
habit of running over to the White House to explain
that it is stage thunder.
The steadfastness of border States- like West Vir
ginia, Maryland and Delaware since they entered ths
Republican column and the material results of their
change of front have made a profound impression
upon the other Southern States,. and it is safe to sav
that the Solid South is broken to stay broken.
If the Republicans nominate in 1904 a candidate
who has something of President McKinley's frank
ness and adroit amiability Tammany and the North
ern Bryanites will not charm wisely enough to hold
the South in line.
SOUTH CAROLINA JARRED.
It may be asserted, without hesitation that if. under
the new management the Southern Pacific railroad is
to improve its depots along all of its lines the bene
fits to California will be manifold greater than the
cost, and the railroad will make a profit out of its
improvements. That is the law of progress, and it
is gratifying that President Hays not only understands
it but is going to act upon it.
Up to this time Carnegie has not expressed any in
tention to provide San Francisco with a library build
ing, and if his silence mean that he thinks us capable
of taking care of ourselves better than New York or;
Philadelphia we owe him thanks for the compliment;
but if he be of the opinion that we have all the" library
facilities we need or deserve he is off his trolley.
King Edward's' declaration that all, men .who visit
him hereafter must come in court dress.wiil.be so ad
vantageous to the tailors of; London that those who
have trusted him for cl6thing; ; in, the -past might;as
well'cancel their, bills against him and get their money:
back from the general public. .' • ' ,
If the Southern Pacific should provide San Fran
cisco with a railway passenger station of the first
class, so that every stranger upon entering it would
be at once aware he had reached a city of metropolitan
rank, it would not be long before Third street and
Fourth street would be improved' and made stately
thoroughfares lined with noble buildings. . Public
spirit and the enterprise of individual owners would
unite to make the averiu.es which, connect the heart of
the city with a spacious and noble depot, worthy, of
their position as thoroughfares between two points
of such note.
Good work is catching. From one man it passes
to another. The improvement of a railway station
is nearly always followed by a local improvement of
the streets leading to it and the buildings surround
ing it_ . . ¦ .--¦'.
The railroad managers of other lands have been
wiser in that respect than the former Southern Pa
cific managers. They have made their railway stations
attractive in many ways. In Great Britain not only
are all the railway depots excellent in design and con
struction, but even the grounds around them are kept
adorned with grass and with flowers. In France they
carry this careful regard for first impressions to such
an extent that last year during the exposition the
railways removed from their . stations and depots
every sort of glaring advertising so- as to show nothing
that would mar the general attractiveness of the build
ings and their surroundings. . Much of the same kind
of work has been done in our Eastern States, and the
results have been profitable not only to the different
communities along the lines but to the railways them
selves.
One of the grievances the people of California have
had against the former managers of the Southern
Pacific Company w.as that they made no effort what
ever to give travelers over' their lines. a good impres
sion at first sight of California .villages, towns and
cities. Any sort of a structure sufficiently strong to
keep out wind and weather was sufficient for them.
In many instances the railroad depots are so dingy
that the visitor who looks upon them naturally forms
the- opinion that the community must be made up of
shiftless, thriftless, careless people, without* enough
energy to paint a. barn. . To the fleeting tourist who
sees little of the towns and of the business carried
on there the one thing by which' he can judge the
localities he passes is the railroad depots. It is there
fore not surprising that many of them go away with
the idea that Californians are lacking in artistic taste
and business energy; that they are 'content with any
sort of building so long as it keeps the Tain off.
GRATIFYING indeed is the announcement that
orders have been .given in the engineering de
partment of the Southern Pacific that new, at
tractive and convenient "railroad depots are to be
erected along all lines of the road where the present
structures are old and unsightly. The gratification is
increased by the announcement that the work is t.»
begin at once, a,nd that at several towns of the State
new depots will soon be in process of construction.
The world well understands the effect of first im
pressions, but it does not always live up to" the under
standing. Those who 'are wise enough to live up to
it make a good profit from their wisdom. The mer
chant who makes his shop entrance as attractive as
possible, the manufacturer who makes his wares as
pleasing to the eye at first sight as he can, and the
individual who makes himself a-s charming to the
stranger as to the friend, never loses anything by the
effort. Such things pay. £%
SOUTHERN PACIFIC IMPROVEMENTS
Great Britain and Russia have acted wisely in
taking that question of the railroad siding at Tientsin
out of the hands of soldiers and turning it over to
diplomats; and now if an arrangement can be made
to let the United States construct the siding and run
the railroad everybody will be. satisfied except the Chi
nese, and they do not count.
ARTICHOKES-M. B., Fallon. Cal.
There are any number of firms in San
Francisco that sell artichokes, but this de
partment cannot advertise such. You
should have sent a self-addressed and
stamped envelope.
EXCHANGE OF MONET— Persons who
leave the United States to make a tour of
England gene rally obtain a letter of
credit, and on arriving: at point of desti
nation obtain thereon the money that 13
current there. : ¦.¦;¦_
THE POSTAL. UNION— I.. Oakland. Cal.
The countries that are in the Postal Union
keep tally of postage from each country
from .which mail matter Is received and
once a Quarter there is a settlement o£
differences In amount of postage.
ON' THE FERRIES-C. E. B. Berkeley,
Cal. It Is estimated that the average
number of persons -who cross the Oakland
and Aiameda ferries will average 35,000 a
day the year round. The estimate for tha
other ferry lines is about S0O0 a day.
POULTRY AND GARBAGE-R. M. G..
Gazelle, Cal. If an» individual Is annoyed
by the poultry of a neighbor coming on
his premises he can proceed against him
for maintaining a nuisance. No individual
has the right to dump garbaga on the
premises of a neighbor.
MEXICAN WAR VETERAN.-If a vet
eran of the Mexican War loses his wii>
by death, marries again and he dies, his
second wife ¦ becomes jus widow and efca
becomes entitled to a pension of JS per
month, but before she can obtain that
pension she will havo to establish lha
death of the first wile.
COTTON— Subscriber. Placerville, Cal.
Cotton goods are bleached "or decolored
by the process known as sulphuration. or
exposure to the fumes of burning sulphur.
This is effected In a close chamber of a
size proportioned to the scale on which
the operation is conducted and supplied
with only just sufficient air to keep up
the slow combustion of the sulphur. ths»
fumes of which are sulphurous acid.
THE YANKEE BLADE-R. J. 31..
Lompoc, Cal. The answer recently pub
lished in this department relative to th<»
wreck of the steamer Tankee Blade was
based upon information given in an artl
¦ cle descriptive of the wrecks on this ccast
and which was considered an accurate
compilation of such disasters. Since tha
answer was published the attention of
this department has been called to the
fact that the steamer was wrecked on
October 1 1S54. and not in November
1868, as appears in the published articla
from which the answer was prepared.
COFFEE— L. C, Berkeley. Cal. To boll
coffee Is to spoil it. To obtain the best
results, the roasted coffee, which shouM
be kept in a tightly covered tin. should
l*e 8rround fine Just before it Is to ba
used. Then the Quantity required should
be placed in a very fine flannel, cone
shaped bag, fitted in what is known as a
French coffee pot. and then boiling water
poured over the ground coffee. It will per
colate and be clear and free from sedi
ment. While the water ,!s percolating
through the ground coffee - the cover
should be placed over the bag to prevent
the aroma from escaping. One-half of
the llcuid that has gone into the coffee
pot may be taken out and poured over
the ground coffee. In the preparation tho
coffee pot should be on the stove, where
the liquid may remain hot, but it shoull
not be allowed to boil. In serving, milk
that has just come to a boil should bo
used. Cold milk served with the best
prepared coffee destroys its taste. Th<*
flannel bag used as above must before ever
being used be boiled in coffee grounds for
an hour to destroy any odor there might
be in the new goods. liefore making th*
coffee the . bag should be thoroughlv
rin9ed and the coffee pot be thoroughly 1
washedNwith scalding water, then rinsed
¦with cold water.
7 ' n ' .
Peanut crlspa. Townsend's. •
Splendid Cal. jrlace cherries. Townaend's.*
Cx.strong hoarhound cand. Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Towjiaend'a, Palace Hotel.*
. Ice cream chocolates. Bostoit mints ala
cuma. Townsend's, 639 Market street. * •
Best eyeglasses, 10c to 40c Look out for
81 4th.. front of barber store and grocery.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c n
pound.' in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). W0 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M2. •
¦ ? ¦
The Chinese boy's ambition Is to become
a civil magistrate. Even servants «avo
money to educate their sons with this aim,
¦¦ — : . » ¦ ¦
Anroitura Bitters ar» a South American prod
uct. Dr. Slegert's the o.nly genuine. Uew.tr* «>(
the poisonous domestic gubstltuta and Imitation.
The charm of beauty Is beautiful hair. Sacurs
It with Parker's ilalr Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
LINOTYPE— J. C. W.. City. The lino
type is used In a lar^e number of place*
in the State of California outside of San
Francisco, Lcs Angeles, Oakland, Stock
ton and Sacramento. . i> ':
THE UNITED STATES NAVT-C. R.
O. T. C, City. It is stated that at thl*
time there are more native than foreisn
born men In the United States navy. Ex
act figures cannot be sriven at this time.
SPIRIT OF SULPHUR-R. S. V.. City.
This department cannot understand what
Is desired by the question "Is there any
other name for 'spirit of sulr>hur?" " as
there Is no such compound as "spirit of
sulphur."
MRS. STANFORI>-Subscriber. City.
Mrs. Jane Stanford is traveling: In Europe
at this time. Communications intended for
her may be addressed to her home ad
dress in San Francisco and such will ba
forwarded.
A GENERATION— H. A., Napa, CaL
Thirty years is considered a generation.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK. March 22.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— H. Help, at the Herald Square;
G. C. Lewis, at the Marlborough; J. A.
Salts. at the Herald Sauare: Mrs. Arm
strong, at the Morton: W. "W. Brackett,
at the Herald Square; Yf. J. Hotchklss, at
the Manhattan; J. A.- Mackenzie, at tha
St. Denis; J. H. Graham, .at the Manhat
tan; J. H. Spoker. at the Herald Square.
SATURDAY MARCH 23, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
JLii:nt III Coostaiettiou to W. 8- LEASE, Xuigif.
SIAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Preii 2O4
ITBLICATIOX OFFICB... Market and Third. S. .F.
Telephone Pre«« 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preii 202.
Delivered hr Carriers. IS Cents Per Weelt
Slngrle Copies, 6 Cents.
Terms bj -Mall, Including Poatasrei
DAILT CALL (Includes Sunday), one yetr J6.M
TAJLY CALL, (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Eundav). S month* 1.50
DAILT CALL— Ey Single Month «5c
FL'XDAT OLL. One Year X.B8
WEEKLY CALL. Ore Year 1-00
All poitmatten nre authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample eople» «:U1 be forwarded when reanested.
r- ¦ -
Mail eubseribers Jn ordering ehanp* of address should, be
-«rticular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
10 insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requeit.
UAlvLAA'D OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEOKGG KROGXESS.
¦ Ktsigtr fcrtipa Airertisiag, M&rqseits Building, CMngo.
(Long Dietcnee Telephone •'Central 261S.") **.¦?•*;":*. j
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Sqnnre
tcrw YORK REPRESENTATIVE: ¦
STEPHES II. SMITH 3O "rlbnne Datldlnc i
NEW YORK Xr""S STANDS:
XValdorf-Arteria Hotel: A. Brentano, 21 Union Square:
liuirsy Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS 6TAJCDS:
Fhertran ITouse: P. O. N»trs Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Ilctel.
WASHI\r.TO\ CD. C> OFFICE. . . . 1400 (i (St., IT. W.
MORTON i:. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAXCn OFFICES — r. Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll i:Zi o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. C7S
McAllister, open until S.IO o'clock, CIS Larkln. open until
S::o o'clock. ISU Misflon. open until 19 o'clock. 2161 Market,
carter Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
tnti! S o'clock. 306 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
rrr- Tw^TiTv-Kwond wnd K>nturlcT. own until 9 o'clock.
Against the background of selfishness and misrep
resentation, inside and outside of Cuban circles, one
declaration stands in Jiving light, to shame the self
seekers everywhere. That is the averment of General
Gomez' to General Carnot: "People attach too much
importance to the action of the convention in making
me eligible to the Presidency. It means nothing to
me. The point regarding the eligibility of the gen
erals who fought in the war should never have been
discussed, as it leaves the country open to a condition
of things such- as happened to Spain in the days' of
Amadeo and to Mexico in the days of Maximilian.
No foreigner in Cuba has expressed a desire to be
President. As for myself, I would ; not' accept the
office. It will be enough for me to have a republic
established." .
We warn the country now that if the policy of mis
representation and a misinformed public opinion shall
continue and prevail, the United States' will be repeat
ing in Cuba the experience of Spain. We will, have
our incommunicados and our reconcentrados as
Weyler had, and the sin and stain of it on our hands
will be more indelible than upon those of Spain.
The Cubans have no government of their own.
They collect and disburse no taxes; they em
ploy no police and commission no rural guards. They
are under the military government of the United States
in everything, from the appointment of a dock officer
in Havana harbor to that of a ragged guard in the
mountains. The Cubans are not responsible for order
nor the making nor the enforcement of the laws un
der which they live. They have less voice in their
government than they had under Spain. We govern
them. These noble patriots who were compared to
Washington and his compatriots are powerless in our
hands, and it is the depth of effrontery and the
height of hypocrisy to charge against them the lack
of the protection to person and property that may
outbreak in any part of the island.-
The latest attack on the people of the island by
their former advocates in this country is a blow
direct at the hope for law and order there. It is an
nounced that the rural guards, the country gendarmes,
keep the peace and preserve order by day, and by
night turn bandits and rob the rural people corrr
mitted to their charge. This is, in some quarters, ac
cepted as proof positive that the Cubans are unfitted
for self-government, and that indefinite personality,
Capital, is represented as afraid to go to the island
for fear of being stolen by the officers of the law and
the executors of order! No more sinister and lying
attack was ever made upon a people, granting the
fact charged to be a fact.
If all that were true, what has changed them:
Surely not pur presence among them, for that is sup
posed to teach and exhort to self-government by our
high example!
Canceling out the differences in race and climate, the
Cubans, -by their former friends and present critics,
are being brought to judgment by the sternest Anglo-
Saxon standard. Their idea ol liberty is being shown
up as a romantic fancy, their hope of independence
as an uneasy dream. Everything relating to their
'views of self-government and aspirations for its at
tainment is treated from' the standpoint of contempt.
They are made to appear as willful juniors in the
human family, the children of the house, who must
not be trusted to go alcne lest they fall down and run
Yet these are the same people said by members of
Congress and the press to have a government, ruling
in justice a free people, with an exchequer, public
•schools and all the spirit and body of a civilized state!
The little war with big consequences followed-, and
now we have the same class of men and newspapers
that urged it on engaged in another form of decep
tion in which the Cubans themselves are the victims.
Since then many disquieting things have happened,
and the end is not yet; : but the most "disagreeable of
all is now, as in the beginning, the Cuban situation.
The administration is not to blame that the people
were misled by the speeches . in Congress and" the
manufactured reports of the press. The Cuban junta
in New York was primarily responsible^ for it en
couraged, 2nd probably, paid for, a great deal of the
matter that misdirected public opinion. But, aside
from the junta's work, magazine articles by as cool
headed men as General Fitzhugh Lee contributed
their share to the general misconception. While
Lee's article on Gomez. Garcia and the other Cuban
leaders did not descend to the penny dreadful style
of the New York Journal and other papers, it was* on
that account more influential. In like manner .the
speech of Senator Proctor: of Vermont captivated the
sober, thinking mind of the country and added the
great mass of thoughtful citizens to the infuriated
contingent which wanted war at all hazards.
CUBAN MISREPRESENTATION.
THE frenzy into -which this country was wrought
over the Spanish oppression of Cuba was in a
great measure due to florid misrepresentation of
the situation there. As a retrospective matter it may
now be said with confidence that as far' as the in
terests of Cuba were concerned they and the indepen
dence of the island would have been secured in a few.
months by diplomacy. In the essence of it we did
not go to war with Spain about Cuba at all. Had the
Maine not been destroyed in Havana harbor the wise
and temperate course of the administration, backed
by public opinion, would have prevailed in spite of the
oratory of Congress and the tragic reports of special
commissioners. But the loss of a warship and the
greater loss of American lives in the catastrophe,
charged to Spain, was the last spark in the, tinder of
public sentiment, and put it on the side of the mar
tial members of Congress, leaving the administration
no choice except to give to that body entire control.
Speaker C. TV. Pcndleton of Los Angeles
is* at the Grand.
C. D. Barnett, a Santa Rosa business
man, is at the Uck.
D. Smith, a well-known physician of
LJvermore. is staying at the LJck.
C. "W. "Weaver, a Healdsburc merchant,
has apartments at iho California.
W. Moorehead. a wealthy raining man of
Sonora, is registered at the.Lick.
W. C. Price, a mining man and oil pro
moter of Eakersnejd. 13 at the Grand.
M. &. McMahan, the well-known busi
ness man of San Rafaei. 13 at the Palaca
General A. B. Carey of Santa Barbara
Is making a brief stay at the Occidental.
Charles P. Morgan, a -well-known San
Josean, and Mrs. Morgan are at the Fal
ace.
W. F. Chandler, who' controls larsa
Selma fruit interests, is registered at tho
Lick.
Assemblyman Alden Anderson and Mrs.
Anderson of Sulsun have apartments at
the Grand.
H. E. Adams, an official of tha Stockton
Gas and Electric Company, Is a guest at
the Grand.
John S. Cravens, a capitalist of Pasa
dena, and Mrs. Cravens are among the
arrivals at the Palace.
Baron Leo von Rosenberg has left for
a tour through Arizona and the East. Ke
is one of tho best known mine promoters
In America. -_ ' u .;:,
PERSONAL MENTION.
- .- - -- . - A y v ¦_.. .-. • ¦ _. _ - ...-•'¦. -
The tramer's of the Federal constitution
incorporated into that document a clause
giving to Congress an, authority which
was, then considered of minor importance,
but 'which in the process of time has done
more for the upbuilding of the . United
States than the most vivid imagination
could then have conceived possible. The
clauso to which I refer is known as para
graph 8 of section S of articlel : of the
Federal constitution, under which Con
gress is given the power **to promote the
; progress of science and the useful arts by
1 securing for. limited times to authors and
inventors the exclusive rights to their re
spective writings . and discoveries." It is
the patent system— the outgrowth of that
constitutional provision— which is the sub
ject of this 'paper.
It has ever been a debatable question
whether the hope of reward is a greater
incentive to action than the fear of pun
ishment,' but it cannot" be successfully
questioned that thV hope of reward has
been that which has transformed the
dreamer into the man of action, and
which has, as has been well said, "stimu
lated men to transform their thinking into
thing's." .
Issuing the First Patent.
The authority conferred upon Congress
was soon exercised. President "Washing
ton in his annual message to Congress in
17S0 called attention to the subject and on
April 10, 1790, the first lav/ upon the sub
ject was enacted.
The importance of the exercise of care
in the granting of patents would seem to
have been impressed upon Congress by
the fact that it constituted the Secretary
of State, the Secretary of War and the
Attorney General a board to consider all
applications for patents. That this tri
bunal carefully considered the utility and
importance of inventions presented for
patent I- infer from the fact that only
nfty-seven patents were issued under this
act prior to its supersedure by the statute
of February 21,. 1793. The first patent is
sued was to Sainuel Hopkins, July 31, 1790,
for "making pot and pearl ashes." The
act of 1793 remained in force, as amended
from time to lime, until the act of 1S36
was passed. The acts of 1790 and 1793 dif
fered in some respects, the most impor
tant of which was that under the act of
1793 a patent was issued to any one who
made the necessary allegations and com
plied with the formal requirements, while
the act of 1790 required an examination
into the novelty and utility of the. inven
tion. In respect to the requirements of an
examination, the act of 1S36 followed that
of 1790, and since 1S36 patents have been
issued only after an examination and a
comparison between the invention claimed
and the prior art, so far as known to the
experts of the Patent Office. By "prior
art" Is meant prior domestic and foreign
patents and publications and any known
prior use in this country.
Important "Work of th.e Patent Office.
The scope of this article does not per
mit refererrce to the various amendments
made to the act of 1836. Suffice it to say
that, with modifications, it remained in
force until the revision of the patent laws
in 1870. This revision was largely a con
solidation of the statutes then in force.
The act of 1870 waa repealed and substan
tially re-enactod in the Revised Statutes
of the United States in 1875. "
I The number of patents granted prior to
July 28, 1S36, was 9957. Since that time
664,826 patents, not including designs, have
been issued. Since 1836 the receipts of the
office and the expense, of conducting.it
have wonderfully increased. The receipts,
during the year 1837 were less than $30,000,
while the expenses of carrying on the of
fice exceeded the receipts by about $4000.
The receipts for the year 1903 were some
thing above $1,3110.000. with expenses of
about $1,250,000. The receipts of the. Patent'
Office up to the present ttime have ex
ceeded its disbursements by over $5,000,000.
In 1790, when patents were first granted,
the occasional service of one clerk suf
llced to do the clerical work connected
with the issuing of patents. At the pres
ent time the force of the Patent Office
numbers 679. In 1836 it was comparatively
easy to examine the "prior art" and de
termine the novelty of the claimed inven
tion. . At the present time the work of ex
amination is of enormous magnitude, and
it is not to be wondered at that patents
are often issued which should have been
rejected. _ •
Great Benefit of the Patent Laws.
The patent laws of the United States
are more beneficent than those. of any
other country, and more labor is per
formed under" them, with the least pe
cuniary return to the Government, for the
benefit of inventors Irrespective of their
nationality, than is penerally understood.
And yet the United States could have
well afforded to bear all the expenses con
nected with the" issue of patents without
the payment of- any fees by the inven
tors, for it is invention that has made
possible the unparalleled growth of the
country In population and wealth. EHmi^
nate the cotton gin, the reaper, the elec
tric telegraph, the sew4ng machine, the
typewriter, the telephone, the drive well,
the rotary web-perfectlng printing press,
the perfected -dynamo »nd a host of other
meritorious inventions, and this country,
instead of being a world power, would be
a feeble nation, wi.th .much of its broad
domain uncultivated, the home of wild
animals and still more. savage nien. The
debt of the United States to inventors and
discoverers will be partially repaid some
day by the erection at the beautiful cap!-'
tal of the nation of a building of magnifi
cent proportions, in which Bhall be illus
trated In appropriate manner the growth
of the Industrial arts. •
What Inventions* May Be Patented.
The patent law provides that to the one
who, having I invented or ; discovered any
new and useful art," machine, manufacture
or composition of matter, or any new and
useful improvement tnereof, not known or
used by others in this country before his
invention ' or discovery thereof, and not
patented- or described in any- printed pub
lication' . In i this or any * f oreigm country
before his invention or discovery thereof,
or more than two years prior to his appli
cation, and not in public use or on sale
in- the United States for -more than two
years prior to his application,". unless the
same is proved to have been abandoned,
a patent, upon due application being; made
therefor andupon payment of the nominal
fee of $35.' will issue under the seal of. the
Patent . ' Office, , for a ¦ term of ¦ seventeen
years, granting to the patentee, . his heirs
or, assigns, the exclusive right to make,
use and vend the invention or, discovery
throughout the United States and the Ter
ritories • thereof, referring to . the specifi
cation for the particulars thereof. Nay,
more, the inventor is required to pay only
$15 of the ?35 in order to have the ques
tion determined whether or not a. patent
shall issue to -him. and he Is allowed a
period of six months after the allowance
of his application for patent in which to
pay the final Government fee of $20.
Making 1 Application for. a Patent.
Applications for , patents . must be made
in writing, and an applicant must file in
the Patent Office a written description of
his invention and of the manner and pro
cess of making, constructing, compound-
Ing and using It. .Such description must
be sufficiently full, clear and exact. to en
able any person / skilled ' in the art or
science to -which; it appertains to make,
construct, compound, and use the same.'
The specifications and claims tnust be
signed by ; the inventor . and attested ' by
two witnesses, and when the nature of.the
case admits, the applicant-must furnish a
drawing made in compliance -with the
rules of the office and attested by two wit
nesses. He must also make oath that he
verily ; helieves « himself to be the original
and first Inventor or, discoverer of the art,
machine, manufacture, composition or Im
provement: for, which he solicits a patent*
that : he does > not know and does not ' be
lieve that Uhe same* was ever known or
used before ¦ his "¦- invention . or discovery
thereof, ; and. must state of wi.at country
he ia'a citizen and whore he resides.; The
onthmust distinctly, state, that the inven
tion has not been patented to the inventor
VI.-rHOW TO. GET A PATENT.
COPJRIGHT. 1901.
ByG H. Du.ell,
COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Elaborate System by Which the* United
States Government Insures Protec
tion to American Inventors./- c
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call. ;•
The issue is one that should be taken up by the
country, at . large. New England" should not be left
to make alone trie fight for a measure of such impor
tance to all sections cf the Union. A cheap library
post is one of the things we should expect and de
mand at the next session of Congress.
benefits of the act are such as are maintained' by "pub
lic taxation;, school, college and; other educational
libraries; and '.'society or social libraries having en
tire of. partial tax". exemption, or other public privi
leges, maintained by, endowment or taxation, or from
both sources, by religious; literary, professional, trade,
industrial or library associations."
The 'advantages /of. the plan are that it will make
books more accessible to the general public, will bring
city into direct' relation with readers living
in the country, increase the educational facilities of
every State in the Union, and lead to a cultivation
among the people of a taste for a higher standard -of
leading than is now common.
The only valid objection that has been made to the
plan is that it would entail a loss upon the Postoffice.
Department. That objection is, however, weakened
by the fact that the postoffice would not
have, to ¦ carry library- books, any considerable
distance, and at a conference held at Wash
ington upon the subject if was conceded that
the- cent rate of postage is profitable within a
radius of thirty miles, and occasionally profitable at
sixty miles. Furthermore, the experience of other
countries with parcels posts is favorable to a much
reduced rate for a library post. -The pamphlet adds:
"The express companies carry for cent rate second
class matter in a large area as New England and the
Middle States wherever they have offices. Their
minimum charge is five cents, but they call for and re
ceipt for packages and deliver to address. A similar
library area seems equally practicable for the postal
system/ If Congress classifies library books as sec
ond class matter it is probable the express companies
will give to libraries the same favorable rate."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.^ SATURDAY; MARCH 23, 1901.
6
Call ftnbscriber* contemplating; a change of
roNlc!t?;ie*> dcrins llie Bummer month* can liav«»
ihfir palter forwarded !»y in nil to tlieir new
addretmek by notifying Tbe Cull Dnsiness Office.
TbiK piiftt-r will nlso be on sale at all aninnier
rmurta mid li» represented l»>- a local asrent In
r»II toni.K on tbe coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
" Tlvcli— "The Wedflir-ir Day."
Central— "Colleen Bawn."
CaHXcrn'.a— "The Telephone Girl." . ' '
Orjiheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-hous* — "La Travlata," Monday nlffht.
Alcazar — "The Premier Caoer."
Columbia— "The Hizhwayman."
Alhuir.fcra— "The Ancel of the Alley."
Glyrr.pia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. '
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
*venln«.
Fi*cher'«— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Jtaces.
AMUSEMENTS.. PARIS, 111.. March 22.-Mrs. Amos Bar
ber of this city, 'prominent in society and
church circles, committed suicide with car
bolic acid yesterday. It is thought griev
ing over the absence of her husband, who
went to the Klondike -two years agx>,
caused tho act.
Fond Wife Kills Herself.
Canada Archbishop to Resign.
MONTREAL, March 22.— Archbishop
Lewia, the Anglican Metropolitan of Can
ada, has prepared, his resignation owing
to ill-health and has summoned a meet
ing of the House of Bishops of Canada to
consider the matter. Bishop Bond of Mon
treal will probably succeed . Archbishop
Lewis. ¦"¦¦¦-_•¦
Case Explains About Foundation
. for tlve Newspaper Articles.
LONDON, March 22.— In the trial of the
libel actions against the Star and
Morning Leader brought by Arthur and
Neville Chamberlain, brother and nephew
respectively of Joseph Chamberlain, in
connection with charges bearing' on War
Office contracts, the case of the plaintifr.3
was closed this afternoon after further
cross-examination and re-examination "of
Arthur Chamberlain had elicited nothing
of general interest.
The defense will not call any -witnesses.
Counsel for the defense argued that the
articles complained of were not properly
described in the statement of the claim.
He said there were paragraphs disclaim
ing any personal imputation upon Joseph
Austin Chamberlain, though there were
none especially relating to Arthur Cham
berlain. ¦ He claimed there was ample ma
terial in fact to Justify the comments
made by the papers on the Chamberlains.
The case was adjourned until Monday.
Rewarding Apostles of Peace.
STOCKHOLM, March 22.— The Riksdag
has recommended to the members of the
Norwegian Parliament, Intrusted with the
bestowal of Nobels' annual prize for "the
encouragement of the cause of peace ar
bitration, the claims of Henri Dunant and
othecs. The Riksdag h'ad already recom
mended Baroness xon Suttner. William R.
Cremer, the English member of Parlia
ment and secretary of the International
Arbitration League, and Frederick Passy,
the well-known apostle of peace.
Defendant in the Chamberlain Libel
SAYS THE CHARGES
WERE ATX JTJSTIPIED
These men now desire to return to the
Congo states as independent citizens and
establish settlements of their own. They
do not want to become Cuban citizens and"
have delegated Emmanuel to ask the King
of the Belgians to have them taken back
to their native country. .
Immediately on landing In Europe, Em
manuel wrote a letter to the Secretary of
State for Congo, ; informing him of the
object of his voyage. If Emmanuel ob
tains an authorization of the King, the
negroes he represents will cultivate plan
tations of tobacco, rubber, cocoa, etc., in
their native land. - "
BRUSSELS, March 22.— William George
Emmanuel, a negro, born in the British
Antilles of Congolese paxfents, has just
arrived at Antwerp en route for Brussels,
where he -hopes to obtain an audience
with King Leopold. He is a delegate from
18,000 negroes . of Congolese origin, who
were taken to Cuba as ! slaves and who
riave since been' liberated.
Special -Dispatch to The Call,
Congo Negroes Who Were
Sent, to Cuba Are Now
Anxious to Return.
FORMER SLAVES
PINE FOR HOME
LONDON, March 22.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette says that Padercwski, the pianist,
who la making a tour of Spain, received
news yesterday of the death of his only
sea. h£tjh3
Death of Paderewski's Son.
NEW YORK. March 22.— James J. Hill's
steam yacht Wacouta, which has been re
fitting: In this port, made several trips to
Sandy Hook to-day on trial, and this
evening passed out on her way to Balti
more. It is understood .that her' owner
will make short cruises in Chesapeake
Bay and southern waters.
James Hill's Yacht at Sea.
filed a petition In bankruptcy. His liabili
ties are $353,033, assets $1500. Conger 'was
involved as a stockholder in the failures
of k the : Zanesville (Ohio) •: Street .Railway
Company and the American Silica Sand
Company, also an Ohio corporation, "about
Six years ago.
Wall-Street Man Bankrupt.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Kenyon B.
Conger, with offices in Wall street, to-day
National Antarctic expedition's steamer
Discovery was launched here yester
day. The Discovery was christened by
Lady Markham, wife of Sir Clements
Mark ham. president of the Royal . Geo
graphical Society.
In honor of the launching the America,
the steamer which will carry the Balgo
wln-Zeigler Arctic expedition,, and ; which
is ; now lying here, was ' decorated from
stem to stern with the stars and stripes.
Sre is being fitted out with double decks
and new cabins. John ¦ C. Higftrins. the
United States Consul; announced that the
America would sail June 18 for Norway.
tarctic Is Christened by Lady
Markhani.
DUNDEE, Scotland , March 22:— The
Vessel Which Will Steer for the An-
EXPLORER'S STEAMER
DISCOVERY LAUNCHED
YOKOHAMA, March 22.— Advices from
Seoul, capital of Korea, announce thatiho
Korean Cabinet crisis/which arose out of
the arrest of the acting Minister of
Finance on the charge -of having plotted
to murder a number of the ladies of the
imperial household, has been settled and
that one official has been beheaded.
Trouble Which. Arose From Charges
• of Treason Against Royal Ladies
Causes Official's Execution.
KOREAN CRISIS PASSED <
WITH ONE HEAD LOST
INDIANAPOLIS, March 22.— The im
mense plant of the Dugdale Can Com
pany, with ap annual output of 25,000,000
cans, was to-day transferred to tho
American Can Company of New York,
which has a capital of $80,000,000. This
completes the consolidation .of all the
large tin can manufacturing concerns of
the country.
TIN CAN COMBINATION
IS NOW COMPLETED
Transfer of an Indianapolis Company
Benders the Gigantic Trust Su
preme in the Country. , .
in Mine Insurrection.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 22.-Governor
Stanley to-day pardoned Floyd Graham,
who aided Warden Tomlinson In suppress
ing the insurrection at the penitentiary
coal mines thl3 week. Graham climbed
400 feet up the mine shaft and conveyed
a story of the weakening of the convicts
on account of their deplorable condition.
Graham was sentenced from. Fort Scott
In 1&92 for fifteen years for holding up a
6hopkeeper . and . would have had about
three" years more to serve. •
Kansas Governor Releases the Man
Whose Efforts Were of Advantage
PARUON FOR PRISONER.
WHO AIDED OFFICERS
WASHINGTON, March 22.— General
MacArthur's report, giving the details of
the deportation of George L. Rice, the
editor ¦who was ordered out of the Philip
pines in consequence of articles published
concerning Lieutenant Commander Braun
der?ruthcr, has heen received at the War
Department. . Rice has made no applica
tion for a review and reversal of the ac
tion of Oeneral .MacArthur. although it
has been assorted that he would do s-o.
Secretary P*oct Fay3 that General Mac-
Arthur was acting clearly within the
scope of his authority' as Military Gover
nor of the Philippines. Not only this, but
General MacArthur had special authority
¦ under direction of the War Department
to remove from the Philippine Islands
fucIi persons sj~ menace the peace and
pood order of th«» islands. -General Mac-
Artht;r'e report pives in detail ¦what he
has heretofore cabled concerning the pub
lication by luce and the ord«?r deporting
him.
The r-v«~rt ;i General MacArthur was
Ful«nitt<-/1 to Judge Advocate General
LJeber. who rendered an opinion that Gen
tra! MacArthur acted wholly within his
KBtbority in the denortation of Rice. So
f«ir as the War department Is concerned,
it is now regarded a« a closed incident.-
»
Rostand s Sister Coming
COPENHAGEN, March 22.— M. de Dr. I
ilargerie. First Secretary of the French •
!epaiion here, has been appointed Coun
cilor of Embassy and will soon be trans
ferred to WashincrtoTi. His wife Is a sIk
ter of Edmund Rostand, the dramatist
and is a great beauty.
Editor Deported From th.e Philippines
Receives No Consolation From
Authorities in Wash
ington.
RICE DESEBVED IT,
SAYS WAB DEPARTMENT
The New • York will convey Mr. Gum
mere, United States Consul, from Tangier
to the seaport of Mazargan, whence he
will travel overland to Morocco City, the
political capita] of Morocco, there to de
mand from the Sultan of Morocco an apol
ogy for an apparent discourtesy to tho
United. States, committed by the Sultan's
Grand Vizier and his Minister of Foreign
Affairs. At the same time Mr. Gummere
will request the Sultan to settle certain
claims of tho United States, long pending
against the Government of Morocco.
These claims arose largely from "alleged
undue interferences by officials of the Sul
tan with American citizens doing business
in Morocco.
The occurrences happened some time
ago, and the suggestions of the American
Government, through its consular repre
sentative, that the claims arising there
from be settled by, Mprocco have been
ignored by the Sultan. When Mr. Gum
mere said he would see the Sultan per
sonally on the matter of these claims he
was told by the Sultan's Grand Vizier and
his Minister of Foreign Affairs that any
such effort would be useless, as the Sultan
would remove himself and his Ministers
from- their capital, Morocco City, if the
American Consul General attempted to
visit them there. *
This discourteous statement- constituted
the offense for which the Moroccan Gov
ernment has been asked to apologize, and
to secure which apology Mr. ' Gummere,
backed up by the New York at Mazagan,
will travel overland to the Sultan's cap
ital.
The United States Government expe
rienced some difficulty and delay last year
In securing the payment of $5000 from the
Government of Morocco for the latter's
failure to make any attempt to punish
the leaders of a mob who burned and
killed the naturalized "American citizen
Marcus Ezeaul. at Fez last June. After
considerable correspondence on the mat
ter and after the United States had
threatened to send a warship to Tangier
the Government of Morocco paid the $5000
In Question.
GIBRALTAR, March 22.— The armored
cruiser New York arrived here to-day.
She will proceed to Tangier to demand
the settlement of the claims of the United
States Government against Morocco.
American Cruiser New York
at Gibraltar on Way to
WARSHIP MARS
MOROCCO PORT
word was received that President McKin
lev had accepted the invitation it would
not be possible to make public any ar
rangements proposed by the club.
It is known, however, that if President
McKinley accepts the invitation the (fath
ering will be a remarkable one. It is
hoped that President Diaz of Mexico will
be present at the banquet, an invitation
to come to California having been sent to
him by Governor Gage and Mayor Phe
lan, representing the State and this city.
I .. ; .. I .. I .. I .. : , I .. I ., I .. : .. : .. Il . I .. K .. I .. I .. 1 .. I ..;.. I ..T..T. g
ernment in the Frankfort Arsenal was
used by the Drigrgs-Seabury Gun and Am
munition Company, it is asserted, In man
ufacturing ammunition for the Colombian
Government at a time when, the Driggs-
Sea-bury Company was in default on two
contracts to supply the United States Gov
ernment with similar ammunition.,
This charge is made in a brief filed with
the Controller of the Treasury to-day by
S. G. Hopkinsin behalf of the American
Ordnance Company, which was an unsuc
cessful bidder for contracts awarded to
the Driggs-Seabury Company. It is al
leged in this brief that the Driggs-Sea
bury Company not having facilities for
making drawn copper cartridge shells re
quired for ammunition to be furnished
under their contracts -with the United
States, applied to the War Department
for the use of a. hydraulic press in the
Frankfort Arsenal, and that the use of
this press was given them free of charge,
though it is not alleged that any Govern
ment labor or material was used without
payment.
One of the Government contracts called
for the delivery of 2000 rounds of fixed
ammunition for rapid-fire guns by August
17. 1£9S. and another by July, 1900. It is
changed that while these contracts were
still unfulfilled, the cqmpany received a
contract from the Colombian Government
for similar ammunition and that part of
the ammunition which had been manu
factured for the United States. was sold
by the Driggs-Seabury Company to w»e
Colombian Government. The. total amount
thus sold is not specified, although it is
asserted that the Driggs-Seabury Com
pany has admitted selling 500 rounds.
Mr. Hopkins said to-night that If the
Controller did not take action, suspending
payments to the Driggs-Seabury Com
pany, the American Ordnance Company
would institute a suit in the courts, and
if satisfaction could not be obtained in
any other way the whole matter would
be laid before Congress and a Congres
sional investigation asked -for..
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 22.-Machin
ery belonging to the United States Gov-'
Serious Charges Preferred
Against Ammunition
Manufacturers.,
UNITED STATES
MICE TO WAIT
Pending the acceptance of the invita
! tion by the President the members o" the
i Union League Club are averse to discuss
ing any of the details of the proposed
banquet of honor.
President George D. Clark of. the Union
Leagoie Club stated yesterday that until
The Union League Club of San Francisco,
California, presents Kb compliments to the
President and l«scs leave to tender him a ban
ouec at its cluUroomS' on such a date sts he
may select on the occasipn of his visit to San
Francisco, 1901.
A UNIQUE invitation to accept a
banquet will be tendered to Pres
ident McKinley to-day in Wash
ington, D. C, by the Union
League Club, of San Francisco,
represented by Deputy Attorney General
W. M. Abbott. *- •
The invitation is engraved on a plate of.
pure gold, which is three and a half inches
wide by six in length and one-eighth of
an inch deep.
The fnlon League Club is desirous of
entertaining President McKinley when he
visits San Francisco, and if the chief ex
ecutive of the nation accepts the request
the date of the banquet will be decided
upon by the distinguished guest of honor.
The inscription on the plate is aa fol
lows: .
Department is much encouraged bv re
ports from the Philippines and also from
n cruHing officers. The Insurrection in the
islands is rapidly eoing lo p i t . C es, and it
Is now believed a much smaller, aray can
har.flle the sStaation than heretofore plan-
Led. Instead of an army of C0.OO0 for the
Philippine?, the department now believes
«rt.0OJ men will be enough to protect the
islands and insure order and peace
throughout the archipelago. Recruiting
for the new army is gciruj forward most
satisfactorily. The average enlistment is
lt<00 a wrok, thit= Ix-ing as many a.s the
oppartrnpnt can handle in equipment, drill
and rrtrtpmeot to the Philippines. The de
partment expects to enlist the full 1W.000
men provided for by the new army bill,
but It will not try to maintain the" army
at that maximum tig-ure. There will be
se.OfO regulars whose terms of service ex
pire in six months. When these are dis
charged their places are not to be filled
if the present promisinpr conditions in th«
Philippines continue. That- would place
the army at 70.000 men instead of the 100,
«<K) .provided by law. The President is
anxious to keep the army down to the
minimum and hor«?s to have it not above
ZB.O00. \V:ih 40,000 troops in the Philippines
and 30;<Kjy for this country. Cuba and
Porto Rico, he would have an army repre
temir.p less than one man to every 1000
population. It would disappoint the Dem
ocrat*, who have comploJned of the big
army authorized bv Congress, but it would
demonstrate that the President does not
want a large army, except In case of
emergency.
Surrender of Fullcn.
MANILA. March C2.— General Fullon and
ISO of his command, armed with rifle?, sur
rendered to Colonel Scott of the torty
ninth Volunteer Infantry at Antique, isl
and of Panay, to-day.
The United States army transport Grant
tailed for San Franciscb with the Twenty
ninth and Thirty-second regiments of Vol
ur.teer Infantry.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— General
MacArthur at Manila, under date of
March 22, cables the War Department as
follows:
"Hushes reports the surrender of Fullon
and command at Antique. j>rovince of. Pa
nay, with ISO rifles. This ends the insur
rtction in Panay."
In order to expedite the transportation
of troops b"tw«-en San Francisco and Ma
nila the War Department has chartered
the steamship Ohio of the Empire Trans
portation Company of Philadelphia for use
as a troops-hip. It is eslfmated that she
can be made ready in two or three weeks
for the trip across the Pacific.
Favor New Conditions.
BACOLOR, island of Negros, March 22.
—According to expressions of a larpe ma
jority of the delegates from Occidental
ICefrroe and of a few who were present
at the Oriental Fide, the sentiment of the
people is overwhelmingly in favor of suc
ceeaine the present governments in both
divisions. The reasons given for this view
are thai such a. change will effect a re
duction of taxes and the high eajarics of
officials, the establishment of schools and
the improvement of the roads. The speak
ers aJleppd that owing to a lack of means
of education, liberty was becoming: license.
The military commander is credited with
havir.R organized the only schools. They
are taught by soldiers.
Commissioner Taft assured the dele
patcs that Xpstos would be supplied with
Aneriian teachers, and he outlined the
need of orpanizin^ provinces uniformly
with other i?lards. The announcement of
>esterday's surrenders in the island of Pa
nay was erected with applause.
CALL BUREAU. 1405 G STREET, N.
TV., WASHINGTON. March 22.-The War
special Dispatch to The Call.
enty Thousand-
Insurrection on the Islands
Is Rapidly Going to
Pieces.
When Order Is Established the Kegu
lar Army May Be Eeduced to the
Kininmm Strength, of Sev-
SMALLER FORCE
FOR PHILIPPINES
Union League Club Begs Leave to
Tender Chief Executive a Banquet!
Diaz of Mexico May Be Present
INVITES McKINLEY
ON A PLATE OF GOLD
SCENIC JAUNTS
IN CALIFORNIA
President McKinley . Vf ants
to See All the Sights on;
His Outing.
Apprehension That the City Commit
tee Is Placing Too Many Hand- .
shaking- Heceptions on V
. the Schedule.
Henry T. .Scott returned ' from thie Bast
Thursday, night. In Washington he had
several talks with*; President McKinley.
The President anticipates , pleasure and
recreation in his California outing. - .
The Presidential party will visit New
Orleans, Houston,. San Antonio, El Paso,
Tucson and other places on its journey to
the Pacific Coast, but' the true holiday of
the excursion will not begin until It
crosses the Colorado River and enters the
zone of sunshine and llowers.
The; first important stop in California
will be made at Redlands. There, accord
ing to the programme. President McKin
ley will be welcomed to the State by Gov
ernor Gage. A halt of six hours at Red
lands will enaT>le the President and his
Cabinet officers to view the landscape
from the heights adjacent.
The. party will aught from the train
again at '.Kiverside, where a few hours'
enjoyment will be afforaed. Leaving the
orange groves of San Bernardino County,
the special will run to the sea, stopping
at Santa Monica, where the tourists win
rest for the night. The next day Los An
geles will have the pleasure of ministering
to the delight of tne eminent guests. It
goes without saying that all the members
of the- Presidential party will be royally
received ¦ by the metropolis of Southern
California, as the dwellers In that region
are admo"nished, that "angels have been
entertained unawares." .
¦ The original schedule provided for a
speedy trip from Los Angeles to Santa
Barbara, but Senator Baru was quick to
perceive that his neighbors would hold
him accountable if the President were per
mitted to leave California without receiv
ing the adulation .of Ventura, hence the
itinerary was revised, and a half hour's
time allotted to Venturans. A restful time
at Santa Barbara is anticipated.
If there be no other change from the
original and accepted schedule the next
important stop will be at Monterey. The
special is scheduled to arrive there at 2
a. m., Saturday, May 11. Citizens of Sa
linas are asking that the schedule be
changed to enable the President and Cab
inet officers to view the marvels of indus
trial prosperity to be seen thereabout. It
is figured that the party could stop for one
hour at Salinas and see the largest sugar
factory in the world. As the special is
scheduled to pass through -Salinas about
midnight, arrangements may be made to
run out from Monterey some, time Satur
day forenoon. The President will be the
guest of the Grand Army Veterans at Pa
cific Grove Saturday afternoon. .
On the way from Monterey Bay to San
Francisco the President will tarry at San
Jose, Palo Alto and Burlingame. At the
last-named place he will be welcomed to
San Francisco by Mayor Phelan. •
It Is the general sentiment In San Frari
cisco tha,t the programme for the Presi
dent's sojourn in the city imposes upon
him too many duties in the line of recep
tions to various societies and organiza
tions. It was suggested to him .that the
trip to Mount Tamalpals be cut out to
lighten his engagements for one of the
days, but he said that he wanted to go to
the mountain if fog did not prevail.
ELKS TO HONOR.McZUJXEY.
He also expressed a desire to visit the
Big Trees of the Santa Cruz or Russian
River forests. It is plain enough that he
wants to get outdoors and away from the
pressure of handshaking: throngs, and it
seems to be a sensible Suggestion that the
committee should," If possible, relieve him
of reception burdens. It will bo recollected
that the Oakland committee's programme
on the occasion, of President Harrison's
reception ¦Was so formidable that the dis
tinguished guest broke away from the es
corting citizens and made a sudden dash
for the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. .
ception to the President.
Stockton Lodge Would Tender a' Re-
STOCKTON, March 22.— It has been de
cided to postpone the laying; of the cor
nerstone of Stockton's new postoffice un
til the coming of President McKinley,
who will' be requested to participate In the
President McKinley is a member of Can
ton, Ohio, lodge of Elka, and if he can
spare the time In this city a social ses
sion will be arranged by Stockton • lodge
in his honor. He' is scheduled to be in
this city on May 21, and an elaborate af
fair will be arranged in his honor if it is
learned that he can be in attendance.
GENEEAL . BATES ORDEEED
HOME FROM PHILIPPINES
Will Selieve General Merriam at
Omaha in Command of Depart
ment of the Missouri.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 22.— General
John C. Bates, now in command of a torce
of volunteers' in the Philippines, has been
ordered to return to the United States and
relieve General Merriam., in command of
the Department of the Missouri. He will
sail within a week and probably will be at
his new post in Omaha by the latter part
of April. He will be accompanied' by
General S. M. 15. Young, who is to assume
command of the Department of Califor
nia, vice General Shafter, retired. .«.
War Vessel Has a Disaster.
PORTSMOUTH, March 22.— The torpe
do-boat destroyer Osprey has arrived here
with her side etove In through a collision
with a buoy and with her pumpa keeping
her afloat. ?.^ ¦';¦>¦ . ', C<
Increase in Australian Wheat.
MELBOURNE, March 22.— It Is official
ly estimated that the wheat crop will yield
17,790.550 bushels, or an Increase of 2,552,623
bushels over last year's yield.
THE SAN FKANCISCO, CALL,. SATURDAY, MARGH ,23,, 1901.
GOLD PLATE INVITATION
SENT BY UNION LEAGUE
CLUB TO THE PRESIDENT.
7
ADVEBTISEJOENTS.
AMTJSZM3NTS.
|MWIWhii|l TWODOLLARS
SdTSk ALWAYS LOOKS
$¥ LARGE TO THE
J^ MAN WHO GOES
AFTER A BOX OF
Cut after O*E applies- dT^ ~* „ mrt^ jT&
until the box is cone V>^ \&j£l wj
*r.d with tt the Piles, .
that had cost him years of pain, chagrin, anxiety
and a purse of money. Thousands of cured men
attest the worth of VEFtUS PILE CURE and
$&O Reward awaits the first incurable case.
VERL'S does the » ork — no " Ifs.**
This wouderful cure for Piles for sale by the
following t/P-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS:
No Percentage Drug Co., S49 Market et.
J B. Potts Druir Co., distributing depot for
Par. Franrisco. 10IS Alsrket et.
Lien Pharmacy. 8S2 *iarket ¦ «t. . cor. Btockton.
McDonnell's Pharmacy. VJS Grant ave.
J Caleearis. Kearny &nd Pacific ets.
J H Bojson, Twenty-nrst and Valencia Et*.
liahlbender &. Co.. 214 liearny St.
VaJ gchRildt'n. Polk and Jackson sts.
Tne Or»nt Drug Co., 3^-40 Third Bt.
I>r. H. B. Kilboum, 501 Third st.
Van Secu Pharmacy. Market and Van Xess.
Win. 3. Bryaa. und-r Orand Hotel.
Wakelee * Co.. con Montgomery and Bush »ts.
Koot'e, Sixth and Howard sts.
Searby's Pharmacy, cor. Butter ana Stockton.
E. P. Bayly, cor. Grant ave. and Butter et.
Andrew Olsen. 400 Geary et.
Ytc* B. Hultins;, cor. Third and Howard Bt*.
D. D. Hunt. 1MK> Halirht et.
IL G. Ordes. Zil Kearny *t.
I'ark Hotel Pharmacy, Alameda. .
Bender's Alameda Pharmacy, Alaxneda.
liiley's Drue £tt>re. Alameda.
Pond'B Berkeley Pharmacy. Berkeley.
O*eood Bros.. Sn-enth and Broadway, Oakland.
Wishart's 1>tue- Store, cor. Tenth and Wash-
ington ets., Oakland.
T^™p" &. Sen, &an I'.a'ael.
AD VEETISEMENTS.
I California's finest product
I A. perfect cereal coffee
I of delicate flavor and %
I fragrant aroma.
1 The b 1 e nd ing of California figs and
I "prunes; with well ripened grain makes a
I fruit and grain coffee far superior to any
I other cereal beverage. '
I By our s process all the delightful flavor
I of the fruit and healthful .
I **^ strength of the grain is
1 V^» >«o/\ retained.
¦ ¦ ; #- : 'St'/-'\ / '¦'¦ ¦
1/ L\ Tastes like xc5flFe«r-lcoks like :
If ..;, Fruit B coffee. Healthful— nutritious. .
'l-l ' j& /£L**/ % -•'• -¦•'' ¦ ¦' ¦' ~' '"'" "' ' ¦¦-¦¦¦- ' ¦¦ ¦• • ¦*-
I V 40/ / Poilfrom 5 to /O minutes only
1 Grains ;^^ all grocers sell
1 ''/^Sl^^^t Flgprune Cereal..
Women SKo\ild Seek Relief. W
BBPBHaglglsife? yT^H^a ' The great proportion of women who suffer never make a serious effort to jfyvj
||ji|§i||k. --vlWI benefit themselves, f The most of them go on paying no attention to their little 0Sf
W^^^^S^SisM menstrual disorders, believing they will eventually wear off. But menstrua! |||
troubles don't wear off. They grow worse and worse every day. At the period W$
of menstruation a woman is peculiarly susceptible to cold and other external Wjj
/M influences and it is also the most favorable time for the development of hidden M
Hiffiir^lVi^ j$*& disease germs which may be lurking in the system. Any physician knows that \jgjk
!lNH|\\|&trv PyPmk disordered menstruation, falling of the womb and leucorrhoea are blighting lives ggS
wS^BSrFw j&3™ I" almost every home. No woman should neglect herself a moment after she sits B§
indications of female disease. Almost instant relief can be secured by the use cf Wk
iL B K will relieve you right In.your own home. Will you accept the testimony of ', Ji|
Mrs * Bei S Ier and thousancls of other w°m« n and realIv **& re^ to-day ? All |pl
mm 100 Chicago Street, Fort Wayne, InA, March 27, 1900. EM
Jsw ¦ ' Yn.tr Win* of CarduJ has done a world of good for me. I have used five bottles of the Wine and one package 8.2s
HI of Thedford's Black-Drauaht And since I have started to use it I will not be without it in the house. It helped M
Kill mv sister In Toledo who did not menstruate as she ought She was sixteen years of age and nothing else helped &*&
i§8 her 1 was in a verv bad state myself before I used your medicines, but I found relief in three days. And now I Sffl
Pi feel' like a new woman and do all my housework and washing, which I could not do before 1 took the \vins of Cordai. BJ«
11 ' y°** b« verVs^ to wIte ¦"y P° or woman * nd teH her^° W %£"£? BEIGLER. HI
DAI AOC These hotels pos-
rALHUL sess the attributes
W that tourists and
Jinn travelers appreciate
U»U — central location,
ODAKIH liberal manage-
UHnivlJ ment, modern ap-
lirftTri O pointrnents and
Sail FranCiSCO. ropean plans. ;
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and tenovatcd. KING. WARD ft
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
J5 to |S- week; {8 to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night. •
flLVH EAT R eTHT
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SUNDAY.—
WILL MAKE A GOAT LAUGH!
The Proper Caper
From the Madison-square Theater, N. T.
— -SEATS NOW READY!—
FOR NEXT WEEK.
Wm, Gillette's Roaring: Comedy,
"TOO MUCH JOHNSON,"
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE S ATTJHDAT
ATI
1| "IT IS PACKING THE HOUSE." ||
The Musical and Comedy Sensation,
***TbiE
WEDDING
DAY!"
BOOK BY> STANISLAUS STANGB.
MUSIC BT JULIAN EDWARDS.
POPULAR PRICES .....25o and 50c
1 Telephone — Bush 9. ¦'."."
BEJbi&SCO amsTHALCS f j6pjkiH&
Phone South . £31
MATINEE TO-r>AY and TO-MORROW
- (Sunday). YiSS*«£jS
. TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY EVENING.
Last Performances ' Dion BouclcauKV Great
<¦- • Irish Drama, ¦ -» ;¦»..'
COLLEEN BAIN,
A PICTURESQUE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
DDirEC Evenings. 10c. 15c. 35c. uOo
raiWEO Matinees.. ........:.. ..10c. ICo. *5o
NEXT "WEEK— Mammoth Production of
¦UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!
(ZHUt ES_and ZOO
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LEAH HAY^the Giantess.
THIS AFTERNOON. '
JUVENILE PERFORMERS' MATINEE
SPEOIALFfb'NIGHT!
CAKEWALK and Gans-McGoyera
Ffglit Picttires> -..':'¦
COMMENCING TO-MORROW..
Barnes Dog and Ponjr Show.
¦ ¦- ; Telephone for Seat*. Park 23.
FISCHER'S concert house.
S lOyncn O ? Admission lOc.
- The FlechtJB, Sam Holdworth. OUve Vail. Lil-
lian Jeanette. Chaa.tW. CestU, . Trlxeda. B. A.
Bentley,. Chester, and' Hlnrlchs*. Orchestra. Re-
served Seats, '25c." Matinee fciunday. •
MATINEE TO-DAY
To Night . and Sunday— Last limes
DE KOVEN & SMITH'S OPEUA.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
Together "With the World's Greatest Dancer.
LA LOIE FULLER,
.In the "Archangel" and "Tempest,** »
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
First Time In This City,
CHARLES FROHMAN Will Present the Suc-
cess of the Century..
the LITTLE MINISTER
By J. M. BARRIEi
Founded on His Novel of the Same Name.
SEATS NOW READT. ~ ' ' '
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.). Mar. 23.
Parquet, 23c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil- #
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
"NEVER BETTER."
SMITH & CAMPBELL: TECHO^S CATS:
COAKLEY & HUSTED; AMIEL: BUNTK
& RUDD CO.; MR. and MRS. MARK
MTJRPHY; BEATRICE MORELAND *
CO.: LES MASCAGXO.
Dancers.
M0R0SC0'3 GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
SEASON GRAND OPERA.
SEMBRJGH OPERA COMPANY.
Under the Direction of C. L. GRAFF.
Owing to MADAME SEMBRICH'S continntd
cold, the performance of "Don Pasqu&ie" an-
nounced for this afternoon will. Instead, ba
given on Wednesday evening- Tickets may ba
exchanged at the Box Office.
Evening- at 8. Matinee at 2.
Monday Evening; March 25, Verdi's
"LA TRAVJATA."
MADAME SEMBRICH AS VIOLETTA.
¦Wednesday Evening- (last evening), March 27. "
Donizetti's
"DON PASQUALE."
MADAME SEMBRICH as NORINA.
Saturday (only) Matinee, March 30, to be an-
nounced.
GRAND ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS.
Conductor— SIGNOR BEVIGNANI.
Scale of Prices— »l. BO, |3, », J5 Gallery (unre-
served), $1. General admission. |2. Seats now
on Sale at the Box Office and at Branch Ticket
Office — Emporium.
GOOD-BYE PERFORMANCES !
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2iI3,
THE And TO-NIGHT at 8:15.
TELEPHONE
GIRL!
EVENING 23c, 53c, 50c. 7Sc. fl.OO
MATINEE „ 25c. 50c. 73o
PHONE SOUTH HO
EVERT EVEKTNG— MATTJTEE TO-DAT.
And TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
The Mammoth Production of the WorU!
rPTT'll' 1 THE BIG NEW YORK
X Jri— CLj sensation.
JUSTGrEIj
T % -A.T_ 1 T_ 1 E"3T.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS
EVER ACHIEVED BY A NEW COMPANY.
;_. prices
KAUy park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March ISth to 23*1.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAT.
CT8ATURDAY. 23d INST..
- — PACIFIC UNION STAKES!
"'ii - First Race Dally at 3:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend sts.— 7.' 10:40.
11:30 a. in.; 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter***
short intervals. "
Week of March 25— SEVERAL BIO EVENTS.
ADMISSION (ETCLrDINO R. R. FARE) $125.
MILTON 8. LATHAM, Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racing Secretary.
¦ ¦ H ni i Ykal r JT fe^n •JAPANXSE ATTEMPT
TO EVADE THE LAWS
Nearly Half a Hundred Contract La
borers Caught by the Imrai-
gration Commissioners.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 22.—Forty
six Japanese laborers, who had been re
fured admittance to the United States as
improper immigrants, were stopped here
by the Immigration Commissioners yes
terday Just before they had Intended to
leave for Tacoma on contracts to work
there. Commissioner D. E. Healy had been
on the lookout for some time and the stop
ping x>f the gang who were leaving to-day
disorganized a fraudulently arranged
scheme for the wholesale sending of
Japanese and Chinese through to different
places in Washington State.
The party to-day was in charge of white
men, wop have been engaged in sending
other parties of Orientals south recently.
These men are all bonded under contract
to work for the Japanese, who arrange
their -transactions with the Canadians and
Americans, who are In the scheme to de
fraud the Government. Others of the
Japanese who got to Tacoma and Seattle
have been arrested and a revenue cutter is
being kept Busy In picking them up and
bringing them back again to Canadian
soil. - _¦ ••
FHEE TRADE IS THE ISSUE.
Economic Question to Be Decided in
Australian Elections.
VANCOUVER, .B. C, March 22.— Ad-
vices from the Antipodes state: The Aus
tralian Federal elections, the first since
the formation of the commonwealth, will
be held on March 30. The main Issue is
protection versus free trade. ' Premier
Edmund Barton Is the leader of the pro
tectionists, as he was the chief exponent
of federation. Right Hon. G. H. Reid ia
leader of the opposition or free trade
party. It is Intended that the first Fed
eral Parliament shall meet in Melbourne
on May 9. It has been decided by the
Federal Cabinet that the Parliament of
New South Wales shall be asked to make
a recommendation to the Federal Govern
ment with regard to the selection of the-
Federal capital.
i.BIZOIJ'A TOWNS MAY
BAB LIQUOB TBAFFIC
Local Option Bill Slips Through. Ihir
ing the Closing Hours of the
Legislature.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. March 22.— The twen-
ty-first Arizona Legislature adjourned at
3:S0 o'clock this morning after a sixty
•lays' session of mostly perfunctory pro
reedir.gF. A fierce fight was waged over
the minor details of the appropriation
hill, caused mostly by Jealousy between
the two houses in granting 1 emoluments to
women clerks. Without much struggle the
clauses of the bill increasing the salaries
of the Governor and Supreme Court
Judges were agreed to.
Filibustering hindered legislation during
the closing- hours, and In the heat of de
bate over less important matters a local
option bill, similar to that now In force In
Texas, was rushed through, creating
jrreat surprise. The bill provides that
counties, towns or districts may abolish
the sale of liquor by a two-third* vote.
An appropriation was made for the con
tinuance of the Investigation into the
criminal alteration of the Insurance bill,
which was passed a few days ago and al
tered while en route to the engrossing
clerk.
'iWJJT CHICKS HATCH
i-rom: a single egg
Both Are Well Formed and Lusty
Youngsters and They Differ " ,
in Color.
PETALUMA, March 22.-Petaluma. Cal-
lfornia's chicken center, has produced a
srvat many line specimens of the freak
variety in chicken life, but it remained
for William Brady of Wilson district to
produce the prize winners. Brady found
among the «g£? he gathered several
wwkp ago one of extraordinary size. He
put this in with a "setting" In an Incu
bator, and yesterday it hatched. Brady
uas surprised to pee emerging from the
broken sh*>ll two lusty chicks. The big
*>cs had sheltered a fine specimen of
twin?. The only difference In the process
of Sncubation of the twin "ega: and the oth
<>r$ of the "setting" was that the freak
took a longer period to hatch. Of the twin
chickens one is black and the other white.
They are healthy and well formed and
among the best of the hatch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 22.— Morris
Keller, a wealthy hotel-keeper of Pomona,
who three weeks ago made an unsuccess
ful attempt to cause the release of his
wife from the Southern California Hos
pital for the Insane at Highland, is about
to Institute another legal battle with Dr.
Campbell, the medical superintendent.
This afternoon the Sheriff served papers
on Dr. Campbell, ordering him to appear
in court next . Tuesday and show cause
why the unfortunate woman should not
be released.
Keller makes 'sensational charges
against the management of the institu
tion. He asserts that his wife Is not
given sufficient nourishment or exercise;
that since her commitment last December
ehe had decreased in weight from 150 to
less than 90 pounds. He says the only
nourishment given Mrs. Keller is one pint
of milk a day, which is barely enough to
keep her alive, and that she Is compelled
to remain in bed when she should be given
the freedom of the hospital grounds.
Keller desires to take his wife home,
where, he says, better treatment can be
given her. He declares that If she re
mains in the asylum her death will soon
follow. Dr. Campbell Insists that if the
court releases the patient a dangerous
precedent will be established. ' • • ,
M. Keller Renews Charges
Against Highland Asy-.
lum Management.
CLAIMS HIS WIFE
IS BEING STARVED
Fpecial Dispalch to The Call.
VIEXXA, March 22.— A highly romantic
tragedy is reported from a little country
town In Hungary. A fetv days ago a
poorly clad man knocked at the door of
a. woman residing- alone and begged for
shelter for the night. Touched by his fpr
lorn appearance, the woman took him into
the house and pave him a room. Before
retiring the tramp handed the hostess a
FmaJl package, requesting her to keep It
Jor him until next morning.
The woman took the package and prom
ised to put it safely away, but when the
Ftrange visitor was asleep her curiosity
pretting the better of her scruples, she
•ipened the package. To her surprise she
found it contained a number of bank
notes of large denominations. The eight
of so much wealth fired her cupidity and
linaJly led her to the murder of the sleep
ing man with a hatchet.
Then she determined to remove the
body in order to conceal the evidence of
her crime, but on approaching the corpse
fhe made a. horrible discovery. In the
countenance of the dead man she recog
nized for the first time the features of
her own husband, who hadjeft the coun
try t6 reek his fortune in America some
years ago.
Woman in Hungary Makes a
Terrible Discovery After
a Murder.
FINDS HUSBAND
IS HER VICTIM
Robbed While He Slept.
W. T. Fitzgerald, a soldier, fell asleep
in Murphy's saloon at the corner of_Ba^
ker and Filbert streets late yesterday~aft"
ernoon and "when he awoke he fonnd two
men in the act of robbing him. He pro
tested and the proprietor called the po
lice. As a result Edward Clark and Mead
Barr were arrested, taken to the North
End station and charged with attempt to
commit robbery.
HONEY'S BOY , MUSICIANS
ENTERTAIN AUDIENCE
Gifted Youngsters Well Received, at
Concert Given in the Y. M. C. A. i
. Auditorium.
The 'gifted 'young musicians and vocal
ists who compose the ' Blatchford Kava
nagh & Roney's Boys' Concert Company
of Chicago; which gave an entertainment
last evening at the Toung Men's Chris
tian Association auditorium, acquitted
themselves in a pleasing and entertaining
manner. The extreme youth of the per
formers, their- captivating manner of de
livery and the pure harmony of their
tones caused surprise to those who were,
present, and were greatly ,enjoye.d. Each
number was received with enthusiasm.
The singing of Master Jamie Crippen,
the talented young mezzo-soprano and the
pride of the company, was the 'star fea
ture of the evening's entertainment.
Blatchford Kavanagh, -who spent his
youth in this city, .was well received. The
following are the names of the members
of the company: Blatchford Kavanagh,
barytone soloist; Master Harry Cockrell,
soprano; Master Jamie Crippen, mezzo-
soprano; Master Harold Maurer, contral
to;-Master Tracy Holbrook, violinist;
Henry B. Roney, ' musical director and
manager.
KIDDER'S PHYSICIANS
CAN OFFER NO HOPE
Invalid State Debris Commissioner
Rallies and; Grows Slightly Stronger
But Final Recovery Is Improbable
Navigators of the coast of Southern
California are grateful for the action of
the" United States Board of Lighthouse
Commissioners for constructing a new
light and signal station at Point Arguello,
a rocky promontory which juts out Into
the r-ea twelve miles northwest of Point
Conception. There has never before been
any warning light , at this '; point, though
it Is considered one of the most dangerous
on the lower coast. It Is subject at all
times to fog, which is most dense in the
summer. months, when navigation Is heav
iest. /
It stands at the real entrance : to Santa
Barbara channel, and la the point where
shipping that takes* the course outside. of
the Santa Barbara Islands deflects to the
westward. The new light, which has
been erected under the plans of Major C.
£. Ij. B. Davis, is of the fourth order and
Is - located at the extreme end of Point
Arguello, at a, height of ntaety-one feet
above mean low water. The character of
the light is fixed white and Illuminates
the entire horizon, having a limit of visi
bility of 15% miles. It first flashed its
welcome beams on the night of Washing
ton's birthday. -. ' •
The fog signal which Is combined with
the Point Arguello . light is one of the
most powerful on the coast and Is the first
constructed which is operated by com
pressed air in place of steam. As a gen
eral thing lighthouses and signal stations
are located far from ordinary lines of
traffic, and the cost of transportation for
coal and other bulky materials is a\serl
ous tax on the Government. By the use
of compressed air this expense will be
greatly reduced. * If it proves to be suc
cessful in this instance all other signal
stations in this district will- be thus
equipped. The signal at Point Arguello
Is operated by two thirteen horsepower
Hornsby-Akroyd oil engines, giving a
pressure of thiity-flve pounds and driving
the air compressor, which runs the Cros
by automatic signals. The siren has the
following characteristics: Blast of three
seconds with an interval of four seconds,
then another blast of three seconds, suc
ceeded by an Interval of twenty sec
onds and then repeated once each minute.
The signal operates during the prevalence
of fog only, the light always at night
from sunset to sunrise.
The following direction to navigators
will be Issued by the lighthouse board
relative to the new station:
Vessels from the northward first sleht the
Islands of the Santa Barbara Channel, and if
desiring to pass south, outside the Islands, use
Point Arguello as a point of departure. Deep
water is to be found just outside rocks, off the
point which ¦ projects westward eight and a
half miles beyond Point Conception, and forms
the first angle of the deflection of the coast
line, as Point Conception forms the second.
The buildings at Point Arguello are
plain but substantial, with, the light
placed in a tower above the fog signal.
The force stationed there consists of a
keeper and two assistants. For the first
time the chain of lights from the. extreme
southern boundary of California to San
Francisco Bay is complete. The navi
gator now can neVer lose sight of one
light before he : observes the other. The
radii of each interlock those of Its
nearest neighbors, both north and south.
The new light at Point Arguello Is the
only link of the chain heretofore missing
along the 400 miles of cbast.
First Fog Signal In California Opa
rated ¦ by Compressed Air Now ¦
Beady, to Warn Passing
? ; Navigators.
United States Commissioners
Compltte Station at Point
Arguello.
ADD NEW LIGHT
TO COAST CHAIN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1901.
Convention of Sunday-Schools.
WOODLAND, March 22.— The J annual
convention of Yolo County Sunday-schools
will " meet In Guinda . on. March 28 'and
will be in session i two days.'- Rev. J. J.
Morgan is president and Miss Hattie
Evarts is secretary. A long and interest-'
ing programme has. been prepared.
MARSEILLES. March 22.— The employes
of. the streetcar line struck to-day. A
few street cars are running under the
protection of policemen. The strikers am
very much excited. They attacked one
car and cut the electric wires. A fight
ensued and a detachment of mounted
gendarmes charged and dispersed the
rioters.
During the scrimmage a soda water
siphon was thrown at the head of a lieu
tenant of gendarmes and knocked him
unconscious from his horse. The gen
darmes In seeking to carry off the lieu
tenant were assailed by a volley of stones
and bottles and were obliged to fire their
revolvers in the air. The gendarmes then
charged and cleared the streets.
Late this afternoon the strikers at
tacked and wreckpd two streetcars on the
Canneblerre. The engineer and conductor
were roughly bandied. A detachment of
gendarmes and hu'ssers succeeded in. res
cuing the engineer and conductor, amid
the hooting and stone-throwing of the
crowd. •
Yesterday's decision, of the council of
the labor union and fne labor exchange
In favor of a general strike and their Is
suance of an invitation. to all unions to
cease work has • Increased the gravity of
the situation. The cabinet workers, the
locksmiths, the engineers, the calkers,
the oil workers, the millers and the
bakers' unions have struck already or
will do so shortly.
A corps of military bakers from the
neighboring garrisons is being organized
to replace the bakers on strike. Tho
Mayor of Marseilles has convoked a meet
ing of . Deputies, General Councilors and
Municipal Councilors in the Marseilles
Town Hall to-morrow to consider the
situation. The storekeepers are anxious
and a majority of the stores are closed.
Reinforcements of . dragoons and ' In
fantry arrived here this morning from
neighboring towns. The prefect has con
ferred with the military commander re
garding the measures to adopt in view
of the serious outlook. It Is estimated
that 18,000 men are now out on strike
About 1200 " free laborers are working on
the docks. They are strongly protected
by troops.
The Society • for the Defense of Com
mercial Interests has appealed to the Pre
mier and the Minister of Commerce to use
their personal influence to bring to an end
"the present reign of terror.'' : •¦¦,..
It appears that . through the : evening
rioting the gendarmes fired not only into
the air but into the crowd. A child was
wounded in the shoulder and a numbe
of rioters were also wounded. •' .. ~.
NAPLES, March 22.— Two thousand of
the 2500 dock laborers, who went on strike
here Tuesday in sympathy with the Mar
seilles strikers, decided to-day to | resume
work, provided vessels of the south; of
France were not admitted to this port. It
Is expected that the local strike will end
to-morrow.
FEABS OF A REVOLTJTIOir.
State of Siege Will Probably Be Pro-
claimed in Marseilles.
LONDON, March 22.— The special dis
patches from Marseilles represent the sit-,
uation there as very feerious. The Dally
Mail's correspondent says:. ¦ . . •¦ .
"The inhabitants are scared x by the talk
of revolution. Ten thousand troops , will
be here to-day (Saturday) and a state of
siege will probably be proclaimed*"
Employes \ of Marseilles-
Car Line Leave Their
• Positions.
QRASS VALLEY. March 22.—
Though there Is a slight Improve
ment in the condition of John F.
Kldder, State Debris Commis
sioner and president of the Ne
vada County Narrow Gauge Railroad,
those at the bedside of the sick man real
ize that the end is only a matter of days.
Mr. Kidder rallied slightly yesterday and
to-day kept up the improvement, but his
STRIKERS DEFY
THE SOLDIERY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
physicians are unable to hold out any
hope of ultimate recovery. The patient
grew considerably stronger toward-even
ing:, and it is believed that he is in no
Immediate danger. Relatives of the Blck
man are gathered at his bedside, and many
close friends besiege his home to learn
°£ £ condition. From every .section of
the State anxious inquiries have come,
an indication of Mr. Kidder's widespread
popularity.
HON. JOHN F. KIDDER, STATE DEBRIS COMMISSIONER AND PRESI
DENT OF THE NEVADA COUNTY NARROW GAUGE RAILROAD
COMPANY, WHO IS CRITICALLY ILL.
A Strong Han's Secret.
One of the strongest men recently stated thai
the secret' of his wonderful power was. perfect
digestion. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters makes
-digestion perfect, and •' cures " all .' complaints
arising, from a weak stomach, such as Indi
gestion, biliousness, and -all Uver , and ktdney
ailments. Aa a . blood " purifier and ¦ nerve- ; tonlo
it is marvelous. It Is recommended ' by ' phy
sicians, and told by - every drurrist ; in ¦ the
country. Try it also for malaria, fever : and
Charges Brotber -With Theft.
.i Simon N.' Kaufman, a young man ; 21
years - of ¦ age. was booked , at the City
Prison yesterday : on ! a charge of * grand
larceny by Detective ' Bailey. ¦ He lived
with his sister, Mrs.. Belle H.\ Loth, at
1469 Sacramento street." He la accused of
having stolen • about' $700 - worth , of Bilver
ware from I his . sister, -which ; It Is alleged
he pawnedA Part : of .; the ' stolen < property
was recovered by j Bailey. ; Kaufman , al
leges that his sister gave him the articles
to. pawn.'- •,¦•¦¦_
More Good Advertising.
The Santa ; Fe : Railroad is to : the front
with a, copiously . illustrated book* entitled
"Pacific Towns and •¦ Round the i World,"
which adds one more to the many, "publica
tions in which : California" is receiving
splendid advertising !n the East. The vol
ume, bound In a verv attractive cover, la
printed exclusively for Eastern distribu
tion and contains lots of pictures and text
about California. Fifteen thousand copies
have been printed and will be elven>out
Judiciously.- The publication is sure> to
arouse • grreat interest in the new posses
sions and the entire Pacific Coast.
TV anted-and badly at that-a couple of
young, bright, twentieth century press
agents for Miss Etorothy Studebaker
(Mrs. Scott McKeown), vaudevllllan, and
Miss Hite of the Telephone Girl Company.
The real, live, up-to-date sort is desired,
salary to be fixed by the soubrettes, wha
have given incontrovertible evidence that
they are failures and decidedly passe In
their methods of self-advertising.
Miss Studebaker tells the story of a
fierce encounter with a jealous woman.
Miss Hite shakes her head and. nervous
with. fear, whispers: "Robbers— bold, bad
ones, after my diamonds, my. Jewels."
Miss Studebaker*s story entails possible
loss of. life: Miss. Hite' s a minor crime in
the decalogue— a mere theft. Here they
are. both of them plain, unshellacked and
£?P° r i ed wlth aJl vraisemblance. Say 3
Miss Studebaker:
Miss Studebaker's Dream.
"On Thursday evening while I was sit
ting at my piano allowing my fingers to
wander listlessly over the keys I did not
hear the knocking at the door. The first
I knew of it was the rustling of silken
skirts and as I turned ] caught the flasn
ot myriads of Jewels on the woman's
hands. She had entered mv room. There
she stood before me. a short woman, a
demi-blonde, pretty, with an eye that
flamed Jealousy.
".'Give .me back mv George Austin,
Moore, she cried. Of course. I was sur
prised, but before I could do anything the
woman grabbed me bv the hands and
actually scratched thjm. I thought she
would murder me. A severe hand to hand
conflict ensued and I finally ejected the
real live human cat. Really, I was brave
all the time. ¦ .a . •-.
Miss Hite's Burglar.
•'But It's bo ridiculous about Mr. Moore,
we happened to appear in San Francisco
and Lob Anceles at the same time, that
Is all. and I feel so sorry for him. We
were thinking of doing a vaudeville turn
together and maybe we will."
•. Now for Miss Hite. - ' ¦- '
Detectives Crockett and Armstrong were
summoned by telephone to the California
Hotel late Thursday night to arrest a
suspected thief. It was claimed , that he
had been aeen emerging: from the apart
ments of Miss Hlte and had perhaps
robbed her of her. costly Jewelry.
-'. As the detectives entered the hostelry
they were met by the night clerk, who
excitedly Informed them that he had seen
the elevator boy leaving- the apartments
occupied by Miss Hite, who shortly after
ward ' appeared. She made 'a careful ex
amination of her property but missed
nothing. •
The elevator boy, who was trembling
with fear, thinking that he was about to
be arrested, said that he heard a peculiar
noise, as if some thief was^orclng open
a bureau drawer. He concluded to make
an investigation. He opened the door with
a duplicate key and after exploring ; the
Interior and not finding anything wrong
he stepped outside just as the night clerk
arrived on the scene. No arrests were
made.- : ..¦-.,¦.•;,-¦- ¦.-:.¦¦..?.:..-•¦ , ,..-:«.,
Mabal Hite i and Dorothy
Studebaker Havt Thrill
. ing Experiences.
FEARFUL PLIGHT
OF SOUBRETTES
i
8
The one really great spring remedy that
is in greater demand this month, than ever
before — the remedy that men and -women
In every station in life believe In— the rem-
edy that naturally far outsells all others
because it Is the only remedy that cures is
Reports of druggists throughout the
country prove Paine's celery compound to
be the universal spring remedy.
The great discriminating public has
created this tremendous demand.
For this marvelous remedy, first pre-
scribed by Dartmouth's famous professor,
has cured. Is curing, arid will cure the
people. . Thousands of sufferers are every
mouth being won over to Its use because
they have witnessed its wonderful cures
among their friends or In their Immediate
neighborhood.
Robert S. Dartt, like so many others,
began taking Paine's celery compound be-
cause of *he recommendation of a friend
whom It had cured. The results -were so
much beyond his expectation that »he Is
always eager to tell of it for the benefit of
others:
COVINGTOX, Pa., Jan. 22.
• I first- began using Paine's celery com-
pound through the recommendation of a
friend of mine, and find it has done me a
world of good. I did not expect one bot-
tle to cure me, but It did put me on my
feet so that I could work, while before,
when I began to exercise, I would have a
heavy throbbing of the heart,- grow sick
at the stomach as though there was a
heavy lump just under the short ribs, and
it would seem as though my legs would
OCEAN TEAVE1.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Paine's celery, compound achieved suc-
cess from the very start.
drop off, and it would be such hard work
to breathe. Gratefully yours,
:. - ROBERT S. DAKTT.
It has lifted the burden of diseased
nerves and Impure -blood from the poor
and rich alike.
Business and professional men, brain-
workers, artisans, -mechanics, social lead-
ers of both sexes have come to rely on
Paine's celery compound as the one safe,
trustworthy, health-restoring spring rem--
edy.
It is a remedy for the aged as well aa
for the younar.
It speaks volumes that of all the men
and women who have recovered health by
Its means most of them were induced to
take it through the persuasion of moth-
ers, sisters, friends, or relatives.
The fact cannot be too strongly empha-
sized that Paine's celery compound Is a
physician's remedy, and as such la freely
used and prescribed by the most eminent
practitioners.
It accomplishes results!
For all those diseases which ar© really
tho result of -weakened nerves or impure
blood; such aa dyspepsia, headaches, ner-
vousness, rheumatism, Uver and kidney
trouble, jnalarla and debility, Paine's cel-
ery compound Is the only known remedy
that not only relieves but permanently
cures*
If you wish to be well and strong usa
Paine's celery compound. Its superiority
to every other means of purifying- the
blood and strengthening the nerves has
been proved to scores of instances In every
community.
SUCH WORDS WOULD
GONVINGE ANY JURY.
Plain-Spoken Reasons for Recommend-
ing Paine's Celery Compound.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
AD VERTISEilBNTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ok Steamers leave Broadway
|9k . ¦ wharf, San Francisco:
!tS^N»_ or Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
1 tW^ak March 21'. 77. April 1. Chanse
Jj B»''K%5ftk t0 company's steamers at Se-
fl K^^OT hSI Fci " Victoria. Vancouver fR
li W^SWf^fll r ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
itt^SffiESW Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦* 11 a. m.. March 22. 27. April
1. and every fifth day thereafter. I Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
end G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka. Humboldt Bay — S p. m., March
24. 29, April S, and every fifth day thereafter.
, For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
celes)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Hanta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.-
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month..
For further Information obtain company'a
folders.
The eomcany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
, 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &V1I. CO.
DTSPATCH FAST. STEAMERS TO
IP O "R T 1 X_, .A. 2STD
¦ From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a.' m.
FARP V^f lrst 5*2 % * including Berth
iHrir. $3 Second Class . and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Mar. 24 Apr J
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 29.' Apr." S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte
Helena and - all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
\ E. C. WARD, General Agent.
" 1 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan ~ streets, at 1 a m.,'
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honkgong with steamers for
India, etc. - No cargo received on board on day
of ssMling. •
SS. HONKONQ MARU.lTuesday. April «. 1901
PS. NIPPON MARU. ...... ..Friday, May 3. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29, 1901
¦- ¦ Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street. Corner First. . . -
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
:Oceanics.sxo:sag
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
. Zealand and Australia.
...............Wednesday, March 17. S o. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)..
•¦•• ... ..v.:".;-..;. ::.."... Saturday, April «. 2 p. m .
I. D.SPRECKELS k BBCfS. CO., Bmeral Agents. 327 Kartsl St
Beo'l Pawnmr Pita, 643 Itirtst 3t; fiir la. 7, Pacts si
COMPAONIE OZKSRALB TRANSATLAKTIQCi
DIRECT. LINB^ TO HAVRE^PARIS. ? *j»fc^"
Sailing every Thursday, instead of iSkirPrk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 41, '¦SCMCTtK
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. - $55 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES . and CANADA. W
Broadway (Hudson building), Ne* York. J F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. J Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by i
all Railroad Ticket A (tents. - ¦ ,
AMERICAN LINE.
WZV TOBK. B0OTHAJIPT05. LOJD05. TAXtX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every 'Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St. Louis April 3!St. Louis ...April 2%
New Tork April lobuew Tork May 1
Vaderland April 17!St. Paul May 8
RED STAR L1NB4 '
N«w York and Antwark
From New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Krlesland April S Kensington April "i
Southwark April 10 Zee land May 1
Westernland ...April 17 Frlesland May 8
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
_-¦¦"-". CHAS D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
: PANAMA R. R. S S
To HEW .YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. « 105; Steerage. ?4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Sunday, March. 24
S. S. Koanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. Leelanaw sails Tuesday, April 16
From Seawall. Sec. 2. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twln-Scraw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHKRBOURG-HAMBtrna
A. Victoria April 111 Columbia r.Ma'y J
Deutschland ...April 1S|F. Bismarck May 9
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania ...Mar. 30( Pretoria April 13
•Bulgaria ......April 6i»Pho€nlcia April 20
'Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 B'way. N. Y.
HKRZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pactfle
Coast. 431 California street.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND'
COXFANIA SOD AMSaiCAHA OS VAPOSSS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Salllnz-
SS. TUCAPEL .......March ST. 1301
(•3. AREQUIPA April 4 1301
SS. LIMARI April 171 1901
SS. PERU..... _ April- 1301
At 12 m. from Section 2, Seawall
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South. American passenger service. <Vo
change at Acapulro or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
BAY AJST D KI VX11 STEAMEBa
U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stsa^er "MontJcello.**
. 1 5K.i? l K5: vred -i <nxur9 - * nd Sat - *t »;«
a. m.. S:lo, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night)- Fri-
days, lp. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 Ta! m. S
p.*i«?\.^5 dl^?, an ?- offl J'- Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main VXt.
MmqunEu
A4yg^ f CmCHJSSTERJs KNCIjSil
S^feiS thl " lwrtl ' ho «- '»'**•¦• other. K«.f««o
I / / fir •»"¦•• ""T » f y*«» Dr«««1««. «r MtMl '4«. la
! Zl rf it »?r»*7. «••*»«¦»•'•. Te»M» M ta!a
\V». If •ad-Rell.r f« r t, Jl«.» mIom, Sr re-
"\ir hJI""" 1 " 1 hmhm» twiw>bi»i». souk*
I <y?1 Standard ramadv tor Glaet. "w*-^
Q^"yi Gonorrhea and Runnings /u !f -J\
i^BB IN 4a HOURS. Cures Kid- LTJDi J
n«y and Bladder Trouble*, -x^
Don't Use
Lard
in shortening pie crusts or bis-
cuits.
That was the old way, but be-
cause of lard, these most delicious
and favorite desserts have been
tabooed by a host of people who
were inclined to dyspepsia.
Use .
White
Cottolene
and the pie .will not distress you.
White Cottolene is a .product
made of, selected beef suet and
pure vegetable oil. }',
It wasn't the pie^s fault that it
didn't agree with these dyspeptic
people, i t was the 1 ajrd t hat
was in the crust;
Begin again, and make one of
those pies for which you are
famous, using White Gottolene
(endorsed: ; by all the famous
cooks), and our word for it, there
will be no more complaints about
them riot agreeing with anybody.
CLj^ "'liSS? The NXFafrbank Company.
I'WgrolHSw'l FQFFI Our d *lnty booklet..
lBS852?l21r ., 1 " A I'ubllc Secret."
¦aSnSfjNnSSn mailed free to any address. .
BHcSuRj For two 2c stamps we will
fflflfflnl "end free our 125-page recipe
WrTufljOjlF book, "Home Helps," edited
r by Mrs. Rorer.
P." «.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
Paine's celery compound!
—or— — — — —^T^ — — — ¦
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^fe^^j
Very small and as easy .V
to take as sugar. . .
SEE [rARTFtfol™ HUDACHE - SEE
bAKl tK0 FOR DIZZINESS. /:!££¦
GENUINE f !Ver SSmraura. GENUINE
I PILLS FGR C0NSTIPAT108.
WRAPPFR E m FOR SALLOW SKIK. WRAPPFR
WRAPPER £ksi IroRTHECOMPLExioa WKAtYtti
_ . 1 • CSJCtTDTC MUSTMAVCU0MATUKC.
25Cwrts I Parcly VegetaWe./^fe>^*^viB«S
1 FS^nsl'lUiiP O3ST ' RED - PAPER."
ccooooocoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OCOOO'^OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CCOOOCOO OO OOOOO00OO0O000OO0C3 0OG00OO000O0000000000000000
ccoocooo oo oococooooooocoooo oo eoooooocooooooopooooooooooo
coo oo-oo oooooooo ooo ooo ooooooooooo oooo oo oooooo'o ooooooooooo
coooooooooooooooooo o^™^"™"™™^"^""^^""" 11^™ oooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOO OOCOO OOO OOO OOO C OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooooooooooc NiniTcrrmr oooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooo n A K ri 1-N.V I vt li oooooooooooooooooooc
oooo ooo ooo o-o oooooooc oooooooooooooooooooo
:ooooooooooooooooooc • ocoooooooooooooooooo
OQO OOOC COO OO OOOOOOOC THE OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC A**Xj OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
COOOO OOO-OO OOOOOOOOOC OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
oocooooooooo oooooooo c*Trvnc* t\/\t rm> oooooooooooooooooooc
°<r ' — 00 5UW J POWtK. 00 " loo
I MY 00 n WF ,^ o°o .A'SAN II
So 1% • ByW. E.Smythe. 00 00
SS EXPERIENCES °s h° FRANCISCO §S
° * «___^__ • oooooooooooooooooooo f o o
z. S WITH oooooooooooooooooooc CTDT ' ° °
OO »»**** OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC U1K1* OO
- , OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC - OO
= 0 MAHATMAS. 'ooooooooooomvoooo IMNFWYnRK 00
oc ITAJ-^imii L4U3. 30000000000000000000 **' «E» IUTOV. '«
OC 30000000000000000000 no
oc By Colonel Olcott. 'SSSSSSoSlSSSSSSSSSS . By Anfte P.ge. 00
""-> \tnnnnnnnnnt\nnnnnnnnri - Qa
OOCOO OOOO OO OOO OO OOOOO OOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOO OOOO OOOOO 00 000 OOOO
OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOO OO OOOO OOO OOO
oooooocoooooooooooooooooooo 00 0000000 00 000000000000000000
TFfF CAT I
-MARCH TWENTY-FOUR— -. .
wOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O 0 C O O OOOOfrOCOOOoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 0 0 0
oooocoooooooooooooo 0.0 00000000000000000000000000000000000
OCOCC0OO0000OC0000O3000000C OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooooooooo 000000000000 ooooo 0000000000000000000
C O OC COOOO OOOOOOOOO O Oi^" " ™*^ 1 ™ — '^"™™'™ >r O O OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO
oooooooooooooooooooo piniv niy oooooooooooooooooooo
ocqoooooocoooooooooc 1 ¦ A r* I j 1 ~D A I oooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooc oooooooooooooooooooc
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO VfiH ATRIP. AT C OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO **»*-*» A*VlV*M*iJ. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooooooooc RifH •«*»*:»?•• oooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooc D J "«™y uaic*. . oooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooc . ______ oooooooooo o o o 00 00 o o c
o 00000000000000000 o c . oooooooooooooooooooo
il~ H orls who R •.-.:,.. ill
SS BOOKS, SS FENCE. SS PAGES OF ?S
oc .00 00 00
oc " " ' ' r '" ' . OC
Ig FICTION AND If Iff Iff If SsIIIIIIII . INTERESTING U
'° ooococoooooooooooooc *o
' 30000000000000000 000 __ Oo
nS FASHTflNS OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO VTORTF^ SS
00 r^^lUUI13. cooooooooooooooooooo . •"UIUEA. 00
= c OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC 00
0o OOOOOOOOO 00 OOOOOOOOO. on
0 cL™™^ ¦™™^™»J 000 oo OOOO OOOO OOOO OO Ol.p^^^ ««hb«b™bmb»bbi 0 O
3000000000000000000000000 OOOO OOO OOOO O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO?! O O
3000000000 boooooooooooooooo-ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooo oo«oo3ooo oooooooooooooo 0000006000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
ooooc o 00 coooooooo ooooooooooooooo 000000000000 oooooooooo 00
/I T> VTprytyrTRTTMT'.'MTSLSun rises 6:09
Bun sets ........6:24
Moon, sets ..: 10:23 p. m.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In tha above exposition of the tldei
the i early morning tides are Riven in the I*ft
hand column and tho successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides. . as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the sounding" on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except . when a
minus < — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given la subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of -reference
Is the mean of the lower.Mow waters.' " •
TO SAIL.
For, South America-4500 lbs lard, 1997. lbs
Bhrimps, 100 bbls flour,' 105 pkgs groceries ' and
provisions, 9 : cs canned goods, r 370 ; cs salmon,
For. Central America — 34S2 lbs beans,? 27 .'; cs
canned goods. . 400 cs coal oil,' 150 bales cotton,
85 bdls : corrugated ; Iron, . 6 cs . dry, goods. -;lfll9
bbls flour, 172 pkgs groceries and provisions,' 10
era garlic. 360 lb« ¦ ham and - bacon, =7 6 r bales
leather. 34,056 f t. lumber. 32S5 lbs malt;. 28 <£s
I • bbls " oil, 24 pkgs olives, 15 crs • onions, z 19 .'ca
paint, 225 crs potatoes, 9600 lbs i rice,' 20-caisal
mon, 3 chests tea. 4061 lbs tallow, 75 cs whisky,'
38 cs 3223 crals wine. . - i * lawny; njntlf wwiwmwg|
For Mexico— 10 cs ammunition, 4 drums acid,
25 en bottled beer, 3300 gals coal oil, 12. cb
canned goods, OS pkgs carriage material. 19 ca
dry goods, 27, cs drugs, 40 cs- fruit, • 368. bbls
Hour, 194 pkgs groceries and provisions, 17 pkgs
glassware, S bbls ginger ale, 10,205 ft lumber.
41 pkn machinery, 26 kegs nails, 23 -cs oil," 10
crs onions, 139 bdls 257 pes pipe,, 24 bxs 16 pkgs
paste. 90 crs potatoes, 100 flasks quicksilver, < 12
l>k£s raisins, 12 cs stationer}'. 30 bdls shingles.
110 bdls Fhooks, "*"..237 lbs sulphur. 22 cs' tar.
10 cs vegetables, 40 cs, whisky, 42 ca 2634 gals
wir.e. «6m'WSHflMHBHB8MHl
The Pacific ¦ Steam Navigation " Cotnpany'6
steamer Tucapel " sailed yesterday ; for " Valpa
raiso and way ports with a general cargo mani
fested and destined as . follows: i: For, Mexico,
$18,237; for Central America, $23.1C8; for South
America,': 13820; total value, $45,225." The cargo
consisted principally. of; the following: :,'
Departure of the Tucapel.
A motion to dissolve the preliminary In
junction Issued to restrain the Board of
Public Works and the Park Commission
from narrowln? the roadway of City Hall
mvenue four feet on each side and "park-
Ing" the strip between the new line and
The old curb was argued before Judge
Seawell yesterday. Judge Seawell refused
to dissolve the restraining order and de
creed that it remain in full force and ef
fect until the cas« had been finally adju
dicated.
Injunction Still in Force.
. Pointless paragraphs should not be" blue
penciled. Cable them over, to London
Punch. .
The comic opera company which has
played at the Columbia Theater for the
past two weeks. In "The Highwayman,"
Is in . serious financial trouble, 'and the
pretty chorus girls of the organization
realize they are a long way from home.
The heroic doings of "The Highway
man" and the serpentine dances of "La
Loie Fuller," introduced between acts,
have not caused the amusement-seeking
public to rush to the box office of the Co
lumbia,' and while business in other cities
has" been fair the treasury of the traveling
funmakers has not been overflowing with
"eagles" or "twenties."
When the company left New York at the
commencement of the season the manager
was" Frank W. Turpin, and he arrived In
San Francisco with the Thespians.
.The members , of ' the company and the
bevy of chorus girls are wondering where
Turpin Is located, as hq has riot been seen
since Wednesday night. When Thursday
and Friday passed without a' sight' of the
manager or any word from him the sing
ers- of - "The Highwayman" Company
realized; there was something wrong and
rumors flew through the air In rapid
order. . . -.'
Last evening's performance lacked
spirit, for each actor and actress, Includ
ing ' the chorus ¦ girls, wondered If . "the
ghost" would stalk abroad on next salary
day, and -if "transportation" .-, would be
forthcoming for the. tour to Los Angeles
and. the return trip via Portland, Or. After
the performance last night the principals
of the company met in council and for
two hours an animated session was held.
When It was concluded the Thespians left
the theater, but each, one of them had
been pledged to secrecy.
It was rumored that the company would
continue Its tour on the • "commonwealth
plan" and that the business manager, J.
F.Burrlll, would look after the interests
of. the company. • . .
It was also reported that La Loie Ful
ler" '-. would aever her connection with the
company and return to New .York without
delay. • ...
• Some of the members of the company
were seen after the conference last nleht.
and while they, admitted that . serious
financial troubles beset the company they
were sanguine that v everything would
come out all right. ..
They all hoped that If "The Highway
man"-continued his "road career" it
would -not be 'necessary to "hold any one
Enjoins Judge Troutt.
A' writ of prohibition : was Issued by the
Supreme . Court - yesterday upon tho peti
tionTof Public Administrator Boland ¦ re
straining' Superior Judge Troutt from pro
ceeding -With the partial distribution of
the<estate "of the late Almlra 8. Town
send • to : her daughter, Mrs. Ella P. Mur
fay.'i The petition for „- the writ la baaed
upon' the contention that the court cannot
legally order . ; the • partial ; distribution * of
the estate until -after the 'appeal taken by
the > Public . Administrator . from the • order
of .'Judge Troutt appointing Mrs." Murray
adminiatratrix of her mother's estate has
been < passed . upon by the Supreme ' Court.
up" or find "an angel" to help the aggre
gation to reach the Atlantic shores.
ernoons, are: "The Poetry of the Middle
States." "The Poetry of New England."
"The Poetry nf the South" and "The
Poetry of the West."
Assistant Professor Armes of the Uni
versity of California delivered a lecture
yesterday afternoon at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art on "Colonial and Revolu
tionary Poetry." The lecture wan the first
r,f a couire of lectures which will be de
livered by Professor Armes at the Insti
tute un<5cr the patronage of the unlver-
Fity. The titles of the remaining dis
courses, that will be riven on Friday aft-
Delivers First of Series to Be Given
Under Patronage of Uni
versity.
ZLECTTJBE ON POETB-Y
BY FBOFESSOR AB-MES
Thespians at Columbia Theater Report Dis
appearance of Manager Turpin.
"HIGHWAYMAN" COMPANY
IN FINANCIAL TROUBLE
Auditor Wells, after a conference with
T*5re Commissioners Hecht and Watt, yes
terday decided lo recommend to the Board
of Supervisors that an appropriation of
tXE/jOQ be made in the next tax budget for
the equipment cf the fire alarm and police
teI«T?raph in the main court of the City
Hall. The station is now located on Bren
harn place, atul Superintendent Hewitt
v.-iH renew hi* efforts made last year to
have it movfd to the City Hall, where a
rnetal and elaes structure could be built
fnr the sum named.
The following estimates for the require
ments of various departments were filed
¦with the Supervisors yesterday:
Salaries— Tax Collector. $4000: Chief Deputy
end Carhier. H&*<; fifteen deputies, K2.500; ex
tra clerks. $56,000: stationery— Publication de
linquent i«jc list. S3T00: compiling military roll.
12300; Mationery account. $3500: total. 176.^00
San Francisco Ijsw Librae— Salary of libra
rian. XZVK>: messer.rer, $M0: utatlonery. KOC;
r-pairs. including electric liehtlng and addi
tional fh'lvinr. WjO; total. *4H9.
ftupericr Court— Salaries of twelve Jud|r»a
IZZMA: maintenan' 1 * of inmate* of Feeble
Minded Home. tT0,54«; telephones. *2<0; total.
J4«,S?<.
Auditor Favors Appropriation for
Purpose — Departments File Esti
mates of Their Needs. '.' ,
FIBE A1ABH SYSTEM MAY
BE MOVED TO CITY HALL
Will Leonard Wanted.
The offlcera and crew, of the; Spreckels
tug Relief are very anxious to learn- the
whereabouts of Will Leonard. The lad
waa messboy on the towboat and Thurs
day-morning he disappeared. When the
Bark Commandant Marchanri Re
ports Supposed Disaster.
Another marine disaster Is supposed to
have occurred In the southern seas. A
large bark Is reported ashore on' the
Vairaa tea. Reef, but the underwriters and
shipping men are not ready to accept the
report as correct. Valraatea Reef, or
Egmont Island, is C00 miles from Tahiti
and S30 miles from Manga Reva Island,
on which the British four-masted bark
Pyrenees was beached on December 2
last. Captain Arneau of the Commandant
Marchand Bays that on February 6 he
passed the reef and eaw a Jarge bark
ashore. No signals were flying, and a*
be could not get near the island on ac
count of l>ad weather eo further informa
tion couid \.k. gained. The weather had
been thick for several days, and it was
raining at ihe time, A close scrutiny of
the inantine register does not disclose
any vessel that could have been anywhere
near Valrnatca Reef at the time given
and ship captains are of the opinion that
the master of the Commandant Marchand
made a mistake in his calculations and
that It was the Pyrenees he saw on
Manga Reva and not Vairaatea Reef.
Owing to the thick weather it may have
been several days before an observation
could be taken, and as all the atolls in the
southern teas look alike It would be easy
to mistake one for the other.
New French Cruiser.
Naval men are greatly Interested In the
latest addition to the French navy. The
French armored cruiser Jeanne d'Arc is
a new departure in- naval architecture,
and although she looks well on paper
there are plenty of naval men to be found
who assert that she will not be the suc
cess her builders expect.
The Jeanne d'Arc was laid down In
April. 1896. and had a builder's trial a
few weeks ago which was perfectly satis
factory. She is 11,225' tons displacement,
477 feet 2 Inches long, 63 feet 8 Inches
beam and 27 feet t> Inches mean draft.
Her coal capacity is calculated to give her
a range of 13.500 miles at a speed of ten
knots. Her cix funnels and other pecu
liarities will make her a conspicuous war
ship in ary ocean.
The Overdue Fleet.
The British bark Khorasan arrived at
Yokohama yesterday and the joy thereat
was " great among t>e reinsurance gam
blers. The vessel was 231 days out from
Tampa for Yokohama, and 40 per cent
¦was paid by the underwriters to reinsure
their risks. Just why the vessel was con
sidered a risk Is hard to pay, as she was
not overdue and- a .vessel has ' not been
lost between Florida. and Japan in years.
As was predicted In The Call yesterday,
the rate of reinsurance ' on' the British
ship Ardnamurchan went up 15 per cent
yesterday. She is now out 116 days from
British Columbia for, England, and 65-per
cent is now the ruling rate.
THE steamships Umatilla and
Sanca Rosa of the Pacific Coast
line made things very lively at
Broadway wharf yesterday morn
ing. For five hours about 200
stevedores worked without a moment's
rest transferring oranges from one vessel
to the other. The job was completed on
time and the Umatilla sailed for Puget
Sound, while the Santa Rosa docked and
proceeded to discharge the remainder of
her frelcht.
For some time past the Southern Pacific
and banta Fe railroads have be«n short
of rolling stock. In consequence, so 'tis
said, fullv one-third of the orange crop
of Southern California will be wasted for
want of a market.
This state <.i affairs was drawn to the
attention cf the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and that concern laid the mat
ter before the Great Northern Railroad
Company. An arrangement was reached
by which a trial shipment of about twenty
carloads was to be sent to St. Paul via
San Francisco and Seattle. At San Diego
six carloads were put aboard the Santa
Rosa. At Redondo seven carloads more
were added to the steamship's freight,
and wncn she arrived at Port LO3 An
geles eleven carloads more were awaiting
her.
The crew of the Santa Rosa worked
night and day to bring: the steamship Into
port on time, but an accident at Port Los
Angeles detained her several hours. While
backing away from the wharf one of the
stern lines got caught In the propeller.
Several attempts were made to get it out.
but finally the vessel had to be anchored
&.n<3 men put over the side .to cut the ropi
away. Then the steamship was backed
and filled until the rope was worked out
of the screw.
The Santa Rosa arrived in port late
Thursday night and at 5 a. m. yesterday
she went alongside the Umatilla. Through
the cargo ports and over gangways the
boxf s of fruit were rushed from steam
ship to pteamship, and by 10:30 a. m.
nearly 9000 boxf>s hnd been taken from the
Santa Rosa and stowed away aboard tho
Umatilla. There was no trucking, each
box b*>ing carried or passed from man to
man In its progress from vessel to vessel.
When the Umatilla reaches Seattle she
will po alongside the Great Northern's
wharf, where a train of cars will be
awaiting her. The oranges will be at onco
transferred from the steamship to the
cars and about five hours after the Unia
tllla docks the fruit will be on Its way
to St. Paul. It has taken the Southern
Pacific from fifteen to twenty days to de
liver the eouthern fruit in St. Paul, while
by this means, those who are handling
the venture say, it will be .at Ita destina
tion in ten days. From San Diego to Seat
tle via S3n Francisco takes five days, and
the Great Northern promises that five
days more will pee the fruit In St. Paul.
Should the venture prove a success mil
lions of dollars' worth of fruit will be sent
East by this route.
UNKNOWN VESSEL ASHOBE.
9 cs ammunition, 10 cs asparagus, 900 lbs
bread, 8 crs bicycles, 7727 lbs butter, 600 lba
chocolate, 23 bdls cotton twine, 35 cs canned
goods, 1704 lbs coffee, 3 cs drugs, 4400 lbs dried
fruit, 195 pkgs groceries and provisions. .25 c»
honey. 49 bars 14 bdls Iron. 5 bales leather. 142
bxs. lemons. 2523 pigs lead, 17C5 ft lumber, 13
cs metal polish, 64,600 lbs malt, 10 kegs mo
lasses, 123 tins matches, 30 crs onions, 818 bxs
orangei 1 , 431 bxs paste, . 14 bdls spices, 800 lbs
soda, 62 sheets steel, 10 cs syrup, 5 cs table oil.
7 crs sewing machines. 158 pkgs vegetables, < 12
fcdls wall paper, 14 ch 892 gals wine.
The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with' the following merchandise/val
ued et ?21,6S2: ' ¦
2 pkgs agricultural Implements. 10,768 lbs
bread, 533 lbs beans, 10 ctls barley, 66 cs
canned goods, 40 cs coal oil, 8 cs dry goods,
8 cs drugs, 235 bbls flour, 15 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 6 pkjra glassware, 7 cs hardware, 6
pkga furniture, 7C89 ft lumber. 1020 lbs lard. 8
pkgs lamp goods. 40 ca 3 bbls salmon, 6 stoves,
6 cb stationery. 4C44 lbs rice, 13 bales twine, 20
reels barbed wire.
Merchandise for. British Columbia.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the' steamer Australia,
which sailed Thursday " for Tahiti, valued at
$4329, and Including the following:
An Additional Manifest.
Notice is hereby given that Point Buchon
Whistling Buoy, red marked "Pt. B.." which
recently went adrift, . has been replaced In Its
old position, about one mJle'WNW. *4 W from
Point Buchon, eea coast of California.
This notice affects the List of Beacons an J
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 15.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. 8. N. : -
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
POINT BUCHON—CALIFORNIA.
The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival: The Anna, to load wheat for
Europe, 31s Sd; the Dupleix, Eame voyage, 38s
9d, with option of Cape Town, 40s, or East
London. 41a Sd; the Drumcralg, lumber on
Pug«H Sound for Sydney, 52s 6d, with the usual
options; the James Drummond, lumber- at Che
xnatnus for Sydney, fame rate and options; the
Rilloran, wheat at this port for Europe, 37s 6d,
net; the Passepartout, lumber at Burrord Inlet
for Sydney. The R. P. RIthet will load mer
chandise for Honolulu, and the Martha Davis,
merchandise for Hl!o.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The transport Pak Ling sailed for Ma
nila with her load of horses yesterday.
The new schooner James Sennett ar
rived from Cooa . Bay yesterday on her
maiden trip. While being towed up Mis
sion Creek she. stuck In the mud. and it
will be high water to-morrow before she
can be got off. The new schooner is
named after the late Captain James Sen
nett. She will be managed by C. A.
Ilcoper & Co.
The battleship Iowa arrived from San
*D!ego yesterday. She has been gone since
January 8. From here she goes to Port
Orchard to be docked.
The German bark Marco* Polo arrived
from Iquique In ballast yesterday. She
made the run In the good time of fifty
one' days. She was twenty-six days In
reaching the equator and twenty-five days
coming the remainder of the distance. •
Water Front Notes.
Captain L. J. Schlage has taken com
mand of the steamship Charles Xelson,
Cnptaln A. P. Matron of the schooner
Miami and Captain F. White of the
schooner Alma. Captain X. P. Carlson
of the schooner Muriel is to take com
mand of the new schooner- I^ahalna, now
buMdinjr for Hind, Rolph & Co. The La
haina will, be launched about April 15.'
Changes of Captains.
The Chilean steamship Tucapel sailed
for Valparaiso and way ports yesterday
afternoon. She did not take away many
passengers, but was well laden with gen
eral merchandise.
The Oceanic ' Steamship Company's
Australia sailed for Tahiti . yesterday
mornlngr. She took away a fair load of
cargo and had fifteen cabin passengers,
besides thirty in the steerage. Many of
the latter were Chinese returning to their
island home. ¦
Mail Steamers Sail.
Then there was an animated consulta
tion aboard the tup, and the search /for
the messboy began in earnest. The police
were called in, but at the present writing
the boy. money, watches and rings are
still missing.
dinner hour passed and still there was no
sign of the boy. Captain John Silovlch be
came suspicious. Every man aboard
looked up his belongings, and It was then
discovered that §16 in coin had disappeared
from the engineer's room, while other
members of the crew lost a gold watch, a
silver watch, an SsO diamond ring and a
solid gold ring.
Sun, Moon •¦ and - Tide.
United States Const and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights -of ' High and : Low
Branch IlydroRraphlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 22,. 1901. ' ,.
The tlme'ball on the tower, of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day — >
i. e.,' at- noon of,the'I20th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. • V • '
.-..I- . C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, ,U. S.- N.. . in ' charge.
Time Ball.
FAYAL— Arrived March - 22— Stmr Werra.
from Genoa, Naples and ; Gibraltar, for New
York. '-:* .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAGOA BAT— Arrived March 22— Ship Bt
David, from Chemainus.
MAZATLAN-Sailed- March 20-Stmr Aca
pulco.- for San : Francisco. •
. FALMOUTH— Arrived March 21— Br ship
County of Edinburgh, for Portland.
SHARPNESS— Arrived , March 19— Br ship
Gf-nlFta, from Portland.
DUNKIRK— In port March 10— Br ship Kin
rose, from Cardiff, for Honolulu.
IQUIQUE— Sailed : March 8— Fr bark Marthe.
for San Francls-.-o. March 19— Br ship Belfast,
for -San Francisco. . " •
NEWCASTLE; Aus— Sailed March 21— Ship
Spartan, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 21— Stmr Al-Ki.
from Skasuay. '
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 22— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Port Townserid.
Arrived March 22— Schr Mahukona, from
Grays Harbor.
VENTURA— Sailed March 22— Stmr George
Locmis. for San Francisco.
FOnT BRAGG— Balled March 22-Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco. '
TACOMA — Salted March 22— Bark Tidal
Wave, for San Pedro; bark Gatherer,' for Sail
Francisco.
Arrived March 22— Schr Chas E Falk. from
Honolulu. 1 .. -
Arrived March 22 — Bark Haydn Brown, from
Honolulu; schr W H Smith, from Port Town
tend. -
EUREKA— Arrived March 22— Stmr North
Fork, hence March 20; stmr ScottR,' hence
March 21: stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
Sallei March 22 — Stmr Pasadena, .for San
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed March 22-Stmr
Crescent City, for San Francisco. - '••¦¦'
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 22-Br
stmr Warfleld, for Comox.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed March. 22— Sdhr
Mahukona, from Grays Harbor, for Port Gam
ble.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 22-Stmr Na
tlonnl City, hence March 20.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 22— Nor stmr Uni
verse, from Hongkong. '.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March 22— Schr Emma"
Utter, for ' Coos Ba y.
Per stmr Newbure— March 13, 30 miles W
of Crescent City, schr Ocean Bear, with 100
seal eklns; all well.
March 3, on equator, lat 27 W— Br ship Por
tia, from Portland, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN'.
POINT LOBOS, March 22. 10 p nH-Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20. miles. .-- .:.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
. Friday, March 22.
¦ Stmr Eureka. Jessen, « Eureka. "
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Crui.
Stmr. Mackinaw, LlttlefleM,- Seattle. .^
. 84mr Homer. Donaldson. Kan r>leeo.
Chil stmr Tucapel. ¦ MofTett, .Valparaiso. ¦} •
Br stmr Palt Liny, Warrall, Manila.
Barge C H Wheeler. Wheeler, Coquille River,
In tow of tuu Geo R Vosberg.
Schr James A Garfleld, ¦ Risturn. Grays Har
bor.
fichr \V J Patterson, "Weltknaut. Grays Har
bor.
Schr Melancthnn, Olsen. Coos Bay.
Friday, March 22.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Chll stmr Tucarel, Moffett, Valparaiso and
way ports; Bal four, Guthrie & Co.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, - Chemainus; R
Duni-mulr'a Sons Co.
Ship Centennial. Stannard, Cooks Inlet;
Alaska Packers' Association.
CLKARED.
Friday, March 22.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, 25 hours from Eu
reka; bound to San Diego; put in for coal.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Newburir, Uunderson, 68 .hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. 68 hours from Grays
Harbor. -¦-¦•• ¦ ¦ .
Stmr W H Kruger, Krogr, 62 hours from San
Pedro.
U S stmr Iowa, Hooper, 43 hours from Ban
Dieco.
Ger bark Marco Polo, Jertrum, 61 days from
Iquique. -^.
Schr Jamps Sennett (new), Colstrup, 4 days
from Coos Bay.
Schr. Mary Buhne, Dannevli, 48 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 4 days from Coquille
River.
Schr Parliersburg;. Jorgensen, 4 day» from
Coqullle.IUver.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
2477 lbs dried fruit, 10 cs salad oil, 7 pkgs ma
chinery, 7 pkgs plumbing material. 29 ctls
v.-heat. ¦'.'_--•...¦
ITALIAN COLONY
READY FOR WAR
Crabflsbers Threaten the
.¦Neapolitans With Dire
Vengeance
\ .,.- » ¦ ¦ —
Little Italy All Agog and a Speedy
Conflict Between the Fully Armed
• —Opposing Factions Seems
- -is. • Inevitable.
" Thublack' cloud ~of war is rapidly gath
ering over 'the Italian /'colony, and the
"crab ¦j fishers," as -they -are called, are
sharpening their 1 knives to wreak' venge
ance onthe Neapolitans. The hostile fac
tion's go about In numbers in order to be
prepared for sudden onslaughts of tlje'en
emy.'^IU feellng»has- been brewing for
some time, and affairs-were brought to a
climax yesterday, when one of the Neapo
litans caused the arrest of the wife ot« a
.''crab. fisher" on the ground of cruelty to
a child.'
"*A» few- months ago complaint was en
tered with the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty' to .Children that
Mrs. Leoni Santori was abusing an infant
child. Kiln. An investigation was made,
byt as . little ¦ convicting . - testimony I was
forthcoming and as the complainant, Mrs.
Dini of 915 Montgomery street, was shown
to be actuated by 'personal motives, the
affair was dropped.
- -Yesterday Mrs. .Louisa Cecchinl of 1112
Kearny. street swore to a' warrant againat
Mrs. Santori, and Special Officer McMur
ray served the. same. Mrs. Cecchinl ac
companied the officer, part of the way to
the house, -but when Mrs. \ Santori was
seen coming 'toward them Mrs. Cecchinl
fled In terror. The complainant charged
that Mrs. Santori had most severely beat
en the child and had then bitten It se
riously," as punishment' for some trifling
mischief. Thi3 the mother denied, and
said that the. whole trouble was caused
by Mrs. Dlni.,who admired the child and
wanted to get. possession of It. When she
found out the course affairs had - taken
Mrs., Santorl's 'eyes blazed, and" In the
Italian tongue Ehe uttered direful threats
against Mrs. Cecchinl and the Neapoli
tans. - . •
Mr. Santori .came to the prison as Of
ficer McMurray was trying to explain
that bail was necessary. Not realizing
the situation nor perceiving that the
stranger was an officer, Santori called his
friends and was about to make summary
disposal of the supposed confidence man.
"who was trying to bunko his wife out of
$25.":' Affairs were at last adjusted with
out violence and the case -will be heard
before Judge Cabaniss to-day. - ¦ <
* Meanwhile the "crab fishers" threaten
that the matter, will be settled by blood
alone and are preparing to make their
threats good. The Neapolitans are eager
for the fray and loudly proclaim their
ability to destroy the '"crab fishers."
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes 'later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Twenty-Four Carloads From Southern California on
the Santa Rosa Are Transhipped to the Umatilla.
At Seattle Fruit Will Be Loaded Into Railroad Cars
Colonel Southard Hoffman. Clerk of the
United States Circuit Court, and George
E. Mors,\ Clerk of the United States Dis
trict Court, are surprised that the CJil-
Jiese ami Ja;-.mese who attempted In vain
to make before the County Clerk their
declarations of Intention to become citi
zens, of the United States have not ap
plied to them.
"We will take the declaration of each
and every Chinaman and Japanese in the
country who wishes to forswear alle
giance to the Emperor of China or the
Mikado of Japan." they said yesterday.
The Federal clerks charge a fee of 53 10
for each declaration of intention. They
do not care whether a Chinaman or a I
Japanese may be naturalized or not aft- 1
• rward. They will issue the declarations
immediately upon application.
Tne County Clerk of the city and coun-
Sof San Francisco Is not allowed to
arpe any fee for this service, and this is
believed to be the economical reason why
the batch of Japanese applied to the
County Clerk a few days ago instead of
to the Federal clerks.
Papers certifying to the holders' dec
larations of intention are of considerable
value. JCo foreigner mav enter the serv
ice of the United States Government in 1
any capacity or be employed In the army
or navy unless he has previously filed his i
declaration of intention to become a citi- I
zen of the United States. For this reason j
Chinese and Japanese make their declara- j
tions, many of them being employed on i
Government transports. ;
In seventeen of the States of the Union
foreigners provided with such papers may
vote for State officers, and a recent deci
sion of the United States courts is to the
effect that Presidential Electors are State
officers, so that a foreigner in those
States. Chinaman or otherwise, armed
with a paper costing not more than $3 10
may vote for President of the United
States.
The last Mongolian to take out a cer
tificate of declaration in the Federal
. court? in this city was "Jimmy" Poy. a
native of China. On April 25, 1S99,
"Jimmy" paid the fee, forswore all alle
riance to Kwane Hsu. Emperor of China.
and declared his intention of becoming- a
citizen of tV»p United States. In case Con-
PT-ees should decide to naturalize Mon
jrolians. "Jimmy" Poy will be ready to
rut off his queue and become a full-fledg
ed voter.
The last Japanese to tnke out a certifi
cate of this kind was Harry M. Xaka
mura, who took the oath of allegiance be
fore the Clerk of the United States Dis
trict Court on July ?S. 1SS& No applicant,
r.o matter what his race, color or condl- j
tlon. has ever been denied such certificate
In either of the Federal courts so long as
he tendered the nfcessary fee.
Clerks Mors=e and Hoffman have opened
several <juart bottles of fresh ink and are i
r»»ady for the entire Chinese and Japan
ese population of the State, accompanied,
of course, by the fee.
Seventeen Statss.
title Resident Chinese and Japan
ess to Vote for Officers in
Declarations of Intention
to Become Citizens May
Be Mede.
Certificates Costing Three Dollars En-
FEDERAL COURTS
OPEN TO CHINESE
ORANGE CROP IS GOING EAST
VIA GREAT NORTHERN ROUTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1901;
XEW FRENCH ARMORED CRUISER JEANNE IV ARC. WHICH HAS RECENTLY^ GIVEN A SATISFACTORT EX
HIBITION OF HER SEAGOING CAPABILITIES AT A BUILDER'S TRIAL AND WHICH IS REGARDED AS A
SOMEWHAT NOVEL DEPARTURE IN NAVAL ARCHITECTURE.
SATURDAY, MARCH 23.
9
Time • Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L".W H W L ' "W •
23 ... 1:00 6.0 7:30—0.2 2:20 4.0 7:26 2.0
21... 1:45 6.0 8:26—0.2 3:23 4.7 8:16 2.4
23 ... 2:34 6.8 8:S0-0.2 "4:36 4.6 8:18 2.»
28... 3:29 6.6 10:40 0.0 6:49 4.6 10:40 3.1
27 ... 4:37 6.4 11:48 0.0 6:59 4.6
L. \V H ,\V ,, l> WV - H XV
28 ... 0:00 8.0 5:51 5.3 12:52 0.2 7:58 4.8
29,.. 1:10 2.7 7:04 6.1 1:48 0.3 8:45 5.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
W. H. Krujjer.. San .Pedro ¦. Mar. 23
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 23
Arab...;..': Tacoma Mar. 23
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 23
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 23
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaeltc China and Japan ...... Mar. 23
Rtate of Cat.... Portland ; and Astoria.. Mar. 23
Washtenaw.... Tacoma f Mar. 23
Bonlta... Newport 1 ...: Mar. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City ?.. Mar. 2J
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Queen........... San Diego Mar. 24
Tltania Nanalmo ' Mar. 25
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 25
Arcata.l Coos Bay . Mar.' 23
Roanoke. .'...'... New York via Panama Mar. 25
San Pedro....... Humboldt : .'. Mar. 25
North Fork..... Humboldt .. Mar. 26
G.-W, Elder.... Portland and . Astoria.. Mar. 26
Acapulco ... Panama & "Way Ports. Mar. W
Hyades......... Seattle — . Mar. 2«
Czarina......... Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
I^eelanaw Seattle .\... Mar. 27
Pomona;....'.... Humboldt ...'. \... Mnr. 27
Walla Walla... Pufjet Bound Ports.... Mar. 28
Point Arena.... Point Arena- ............ Mar. 2-S
Santa Rosa..... San Dlero ; Mar. ZS
Nome City....:. San Diego ¦". ..." Mar. t*
Mattewan Tacoma r Mar. 23
Curacao........ Mexican Ports ......... Mar. 29
Steamer. .-Destination. Sails. Pier.
"~" Mnrch'23.:
Argo. Coiulllo River .... 3 pm Pier 3
V>'. Krugrer... TUlamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Acme.. — .'-. Tlllamook Bay .... 12 ,m Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Fulton..\ Grays Harbor...... 5 pm Pier 25
Argyll.'. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S.W. 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Mnrch 24.
C Nelson.... Seattle via' Eureka. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt ....:...:. -2 pm Pier 9
Columbia . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.. San Diepro .......... 9 am Pier 11
¦-¦- Mnrch 2S. •
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 1.1
Newburg..... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
. . _., .¦ March 20. . ;
Alliance '.. Ptld:and Coos Bay 5 pm Pier J
City Peking.. China and Japan., l pm PMSS
Bonlta... Newport ... — ..... 9 am Pier 11
Marcli 27.
Eureka....... Humboldt ........... 9 am Pier 13
Arcata.. ¦..".... Coos Bay ............ 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puisret ' Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma.....;. Sydney and "Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen... San Diego .......... 9 am Pier 11
: ¦"¦';. Jlnrcli 2S. . . -.
Acapulco.....! Panama & Way" Pt 12 m PMSS
i*--. * iMnrch SO. \ ...
North Fork..' Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. .W. Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
NoriieClty.V. KUmboldt — ...... ;..V... Pier —
Corona....."... Newport ..'.......... 9 am Pier 11
Sails.
Time • Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L".W H W L ' "W •
23 ... 1:00 6.0 7:30—0.2 2:20 4.0 7:26 2.0
21... 1:45 6.0 8:26—0.2 3:23 4.7 8:16 2.4
23 ... 2:34 6.8 8:S0-0.2 "4:36 4.6 8:18 2.»
28... 3:29 6.6 10:40 0.0 6:49 4.6 10:40 3.1
27 ... 4:37 6.4 11:48 0.0 6:59 4.6
L. \V H ,\V ,, l> WV - H XV
28 ... 0:00 8.0 5:51 5.3 12:52 0.2 7:58 4.8
29,.. 1:10 2.7 7:04 6.1 1:48 0.3 8:45 5.0
Steamer. .-Destination. Sails. Pier.
"~" Mnrch'23.:
Argo. Coiulllo River .... 3 pm Pier 3
V>'. Krugrer... TUlamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Acme.. — .'-. Tlllamook Bay .... 12 ,m Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Fulton..\ Grays Harbor...... 5 pm Pier 25
Argyll.'. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S.W. 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Mnrch 24.
C Nelson.... Seattle via' Eureka. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt ....:...:. -2 pm Pier 9
Columbia . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.. San Diepro .......... 9 am Pier 11
¦-¦- Mnrch 2S. •
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 1.1
Newburg..... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
. . _., .¦ March 20. . ;
Alliance '.. Ptld:and Coos Bay 5 pm Pier J
City Peking.. China and Japan., l pm PMSS
Bonlta... Newport ... — ..... 9 am Pier 11
Marcli 27.
Eureka....... Humboldt ........... 9 am Pier 13
Arcata.. ¦..".... Coos Bay ............ 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puisret ' Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma.....;. Sydney and "Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen... San Diego .......... 9 am Pier 11
: ¦"¦';. Jlnrcli 2S. . . -.
Acapulco.....! Panama & Way" Pt 12 m PMSS
i*--. * iMnrch SO. \ ...
North Fork..' Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. .W. Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
NoriieClty.V. KUmboldt — ...... ;..V... Pier —
Corona....."... Newport ..'.......... 9 am Pier 11
Sails.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
W. H. Krujjer.. San .Pedro ¦. Mar. 23
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 23
Arab...;..': Tacoma Mar. 23
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 23
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 23
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaeltc China and Japan ...... Mar. 23
Rtate of Cat.... Portland ; and Astoria.. Mar. 23
Washtenaw.... Tacoma f Mar. 23
Bonlta... Newport 1 ...: Mar. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City ?.. Mar. 2J
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Queen........... San Diego Mar. 24
Tltania Nanalmo ' Mar. 25
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 25
Arcata.l Coos Bay . Mar.' 23
Roanoke. .'...'... New York via Panama Mar. 25
San Pedro....... Humboldt : .'. Mar. 25
North Fork..... Humboldt .. Mar. 26
G.-W, Elder.... Portland and . Astoria.. Mar. 26
Acapulco ... Panama & "Way Ports. Mar. W
Hyades......... Seattle — . Mar. 2«
Czarina......... Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
I^eelanaw Seattle .\... Mar. 27
Pomona;....'.... Humboldt ...'. \... Mnr. 27
Walla Walla... Pufjet Bound Ports.... Mar. 28
Point Arena.... Point Arena- ............ Mar. 2-S
Santa Rosa..... San Dlero ; Mar. ZS
Nome City....:. San Diego ¦". ..." Mar. t*
Mattewan Tacoma r Mar. 23
Curacao........ Mexican Ports ......... Mar. 29
POBTT7M CEBEAL.
C8»o<><x>ooo<>oo<>o<«><>ooooo<>o<>ooooo<>oo<>ooooo<>(>oo<>ooo«e#
O ¦¦•;: - ¦¦¦ .-•¦:.-' - : .¦ ; •' •-'* \ ". •¦
0 The Best Natural Aperient Water. ?
§ "¦*: ¦ / •¦ ... .--¦-.¦ :. \ • ' ¦-_¦"-;« :.-¦'-¦ ' ' '¦¦¦¦'-."¦ '. 9
6 It Is A Wonderful Remedy For Those Suffering With X
1 Constipation and Hemorrhoids. |
9. Over 1,000 Physicians (many of the most famous in the world) Testify To This. 9
6 I ' It acts without giving rise to intestinal Irritation, and acts speedy, enre ayd gentle. 6
¦ % ATeraeo : Dose: 'H tumblerful ono half hour before breakfast will' cause: a copious J
. O ... evacuation, -without bringing any discomfort to the patient. ;; 9
Y BEWARE ofSabstltntes and ALWAYS "ASK for the FULL NAME Y
9 BLUE LABEL and RED CENTRE PANEL on BOTTLE. «
• :,•¦.... -;.¦-¦. . ' ¦ ' ... ¦ .v ¦. ' . : ¦ . : /¦ ' -. ¦ ' ¦ : V;V: ¦•>'•*
i •»eo<>o<><>ooo<>o<>o<><><>o<K>o^^
Evtry Man Should Know Himself.
9bm St. J«me* inn. Box 834. Cincinnati, O~ hat
¦nplred at creat expense ao exhaust- |>nppl
KiTllu»tr»t<M Treatlw upon tbo o»!e LULL |
;Bfe»sacr * m — - -"Mitt S
ST. JAMES ASSN., 2S0 c^nn 8^:ohia.
JbJ&& f In Fifteen Days
"GTM-SotTenfdlMolTC* Stricture like »now b*.
••atB^ttS wn, rwloee. Enlarged Pro«t»te aa«
i tre nfthens tbe SemLanl Ducw, nopplng i>ralns &a4
Emission! In Wtietn Dayt.
No Ann to ruin tbe •tomaeh, bat t direct loeal
•od posltlte appIlcaUon to itha entire nrethral tr«cv
Grin-»olTen» 1. not a liquid. It l« prepared 1»
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smootb ana flexiol»
ulia&wow it to paw tbe closest Stricture.
Cured While
You Sleep
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
, A GOOD THING
.For. you to remember Is our address, for
there's no tellingr when you'll need our
services, in p'utting your washable cloth-
ing to rights. We wash clothes, we starch
clothes, we iron clothes, we call for
clothes, we deliver clothes— do all this well
and charge on^y fair prices.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you order it. .
No saw edges.
I know of many cases, but only npeik
of a few." Mrs. S. E. Webb, W.i Parktr
6t, Auburn. N. Y.
Mrs. Caffrey. 1477 3. Salina St.. has b*en
greatly benefited by using Postum after
Jeavinr off coffee.
Mrs. Madison. 123 A. Division St.. her?
Jn Auburn, N. Y.. Has been , cured 'of in-
dlsrostlon and nervousness by. leaving oft
coffee and taking up Poetura Food Coffee.
You may believe we know something
about whether coffee agrees with us or
net, and we also know how well Postura
dee? ajrree with us.
I have stuck to Postum and am to-day
a hoalthy. flesh? , rosy woman, where be-
fore 1 was thin, pale and sallow.
In order to be sure that it really wm
coffee that had caused the trouble to my
Husband and Myself -.Ye made a careful
test with the followTne results: We had
b^en using coTee. m<?re or less, for twen-
ty years, ssii for many years Husband
was troubled with h-iadaches, sluggish
circulation and dizzy spells. I had slc«c
headache*, stomach trouble and felt ner-
vous and desoondent most of the time.
Two y^ars ago we besran using Postum
Food Coffee In place of our coff«e. Hus-
band soon began to improve.' and looked
and appeared like andher person. All
the old, disagreeable symptoms disap-
peared. In order to be fcure that it wxs
the coffee that had caused the trouble he
bcgtin drinking coffee axrain. and the old
dizzy spells, sluggishness and headaches
began to come back. That settled it, and
he immediately drop.wHl coffee for good
and all and has 6lnce been" using Postura
and is perfectly healthv.
MADE A TEST.
To Prove the Effects of Coffee.
When a medicine has been successful in restoring
to health more than a million women, you cannot
well say without trying it, " I do not believe it will
help me." If you are ill, do not hesitate to get a bot-
tle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at
once, v and write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for
special advice. It is free and helpful.
Those women who refuse to accept anything else are rewarded
a hundred thousand times, for they get what they want — a cure.
Moral— -Stick to the medicine that you know is Best. <*
Tito Qreat Woman's Remedy for* Woman's Ms.
Follow the record of this medicine, and remember that these
thousands of cures of women letters are constantly printed
in this paper were riot brought about by "something else," but by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
Do not be persuaded that any other medicine is just as good.
Any dealer who asks you to buy something else when you go into
his store purposely to buy Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
has no interest in your case. He is merely trying to sell you some-
thing on which he can make a larger profit. He does not care
whether you get well or not, so long as he can make a little more
money out of your sickness. If he wished you well he would
without hesitation hand you the medicine you ask for, and which he
knows is the best woman's medicine in the world.
No other medicine in the world has received such widespread
and unqualified endorsement. •¦-•:«*¦-.
No other medicine has such a record of cures of female troubles
or such hosts of grateful friends. *** ¦¦¦.
THE DISCOVERER OF
lydia B^Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
The Qreat Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
if sL^^^^^^ J
¦^^^P^^S^^s** -•^a?*^'*^ yiniiChicago Grain Market.
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
Conitlnu«d on Page Thirteen.
¦perhaps not so buoyant as In weeks past,' part
ly owing to the natural subsidence of ¦ the
spring demand at wholesale and partly because
of the interruption to demand and shipments
by snow and rain storms In the northern half
of the country. From the South the first dis
tinctly unfavorable advices received for some
time past come as a result of the , heavy and
continued decline In the price of cotton.
Trade comparisons with earlier years i favor
the present season, as may be gathered • from
the exceptionally good railway earnings.^nd
the enormous , increase in clearings, * some' of
which are no doubt explained by : the prepar
ations tor large financial operations and 'the
bullish speculation in stocks, which • has' re
sulted In new . price records for many securi
ties. Southwestern advices are especially
cheerful and farmers In that section hope to
repeat or even Improve upon the good results
of last year.
Textiles are still - the sore 1 spot In . the • trade
situation. Cotton ,1s T tc lower on the week.
2%c below the top of the rise last year and l%o
below a year ago. Wool strengthens as cotton
weakens. Old lots of. wool are well closed out
at Boston. Prices are ' no higher, • but cut
prices are no longer - evident. - Silk goods are
the best situated ' of all and the raw silk
market is healthy.
Iron and steel are strong and even buoyant,
but as In times past, the Western- trade dis
plays the greatest; activity and the most
strength, while Eastern markets > have rather
lagged behind. Chicago and Pittsburg display
great animation and central .Western mills
are crowded with orders. Furnaces are -sold
ahead to July 1, and prompt •' deliveries com
mand a premium.: This week's . coke produc
tion Is the largest •; of : &he year and higher
prices are predicted.; Ofe will, not sell'. much
lower, the buylrte of the leading mines by, the
great steel combination being v a supporting
feature. Export business Is quiet ', but enter
prising Americans ¦ are still securing \ fair or
ders of finished material, notably rails 1 and
structural ; work. : The ' other; metals are fairly
steady, except tin,- which Is slightly; lower,
i War talk- induces some short « covering -In
1 wheat . this and : flour * strengthened - on
better demand, but , crop reports i were 1 in th«
main ; favorable." ¦ Corn : has •; been , in i good ex
port ¦•: demand, . but Is. held^ down,* by, the in
creases in supplies, .weather at tha west • keep
ing good. . The strength of hog products ' and
higher prices for live 1 hogs ' has ¦ resulted • In
talking of a corner being worked In May'de
livery at Chicago. \ Present prices are the best
recorded for; years "°* f Tj|g^rrTf>Bn' l Mt)^ira'iigrj
Sugar has shown some recuperative strenpth
NEW TORK, March 22.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say: Tiade Is still active, though
THE STOCK MARKET.
Corn opened easy, and declined early in sym
pathy, with wheat and bearish news. Support
by a leading operator: checked any. pronounced
weakness,' and during the afternoon a good
outside demand sprang upland a local bull
made large purchases. The close was firm, a
shade higher. : at 41U@41%c for May.
Oats were -fairly active, and firm. May
closed a shade. up at 24%@25c.
• Provisions were very Irregular, following a
steady, opening, on light receipts. After ' open
ing unchanged. Armour ~. sold May pork heav
ily through brokers arid bought ribs. The close
was steady. 3.1c lower for May pork, 1 12V4@15c
higher for ribs and 2'Ac lower for lard.
The leading 'futures ranged: as. follows:
. Articles — Open.'-' High.' 1 Low. Close.
"Wheat No. T 2— ' ' '
March..... 74*i 75 75^ 75
April ."¦............*;. 74%. 75V4 74»4 75H
May.;. '. 76>4 76!4 75H 76
Corn i No. 2—
March .' -40
May f 4H4 . 41^4 40T4 41»i
Julv 41H 41H 41H 41*g
Oats No. 2—
May n. ............. 24!J 25 24*i " 23
July ..;........:.... 24V4 21% 24% 24H
Mess Pork, per bbl — .
May ...'. 16 S3 16 40 15 SO 16 00 ¦
July .........r. 15 00 . 15 00 14 65 14 9714
Lard, per 100 lbs— -. . . •>.:¦---..¦
May... .......787V4 7 90 7 SO - J 7 90
July 7 %~Vz 7 90 7 %f% 7 90
September .: 7 00 7 93 7 So 7 92 14
Short R!ba. Der- 100. lbs
May :..*.......'. ". 7 SO • 7 97',-J 7 SO 7 32«£
July ................ 7 70 7 75 7 674 7 75
September.......... 7,72^ 7 75 ,7 67^ :' 7 75 V:
(.'ash Quotations -were as « follows:. . Flour.'
steady;. No. 3 spring. wheat. 67@74c-;No. 2 red,
76«j>7B 1 /4c : No. ¦ 2 corn. 40%c ; No. 2 yellow.' 4096c ;
No."2 oats, 25%c; No. 2, white." • 27H«?28%c;;.No;
3 .white,': 27U@28%c; ! No. 2 : rye,; 63@53^c; good
feed! ng- barley, 45@47c; fair, to cholc* malting,
48@5Sc: No.:l flaxseed. Jl 54: No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 55; prime timothy seed. J4 20(g- 4 25; mess
pork. »er barrel. -. J15 S3<SX15 90:, lard; per / 100
pounds, : J7 90@7 92^; short- ribs; sides (loose),
J7 85@8: dry salted shoulders' (boxed)/ 6H©6^c;
Ehort^clear sides (boxed), ' J8 25@8 37^; -whisky,
baalx - cf high ; wines,.- $1 27; clover, contract
grade,'' ?10 6i@10 75. ,-. • ,' . \
Articles— ' •• - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,*, barrels:. ..; 38,000' . 22,000 T ;
Wheat, bushels^. :.';..;..... .131,000 " ' 21.000
Corn, - bushels r:*.':.*." *.'... .. 233,000 , 209,000
Oats, bushels . .". ......... .•.-.214,000 I'fii.OOO
Rye.. bushels 1 ;\.... ...;; ; «.000 ' 13.000 ' '
Harley. bushels... ...;.;.. 11.000 ... - -.. ; 2,000 ,
On the Produce Exchange 'to-day, the butter.
CHICAGO, March . 22.— News on hand before
the tap of the opening gong was against the
bulls, and May. started out with a decline of
Uc to Uc to %S^c, selling simultaneously at
76Hc and 75%c. Liverpool ; was easy and the
war Kcare seemed* to have ' become a thing of
the past. Arsentlne : shipments ¦ were very
heavy. Northwest, receipts ;were liberal and
the weather distinctly spring-like. May de
clined during the forenoon to 75^c. .The* cash
situation was reported 1 improved and the Mod
ern Miller said a few gloomy words concern-
Ing the ravages of the Hesaian fly during the
afternoon, and : the market rallied under /Cov
ering by shorts to TS'.dc. The close was steady,
\i<?v%c under yesterday at ¦ 7Cc.
The Government; which called for bids for 20
Beans and Seeds,
¦ Bran Is. very; firm, as, arrivals have been
light? for- some, little time. Hay ehows no
chance t whatever. -
-. - BKAN— 115@15 50 per ton. .
-MIDDLINOS— Jl* 50«?19 50 per" ton - • •
: FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled ; Barley, J16 50S17 n#r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J23®;'6- jobbing
$26 53; Cocoanut Cake, J17(5H8 ; Corri : Meal S
25 50: Cracked Corn. J25 50026^ Mixed Veed
J15@16. '. —:. ¦¦¦:.. -. • ¦- • . , ¦ .. ¦¦.-,,-. '.
HAY— Volunteer.' J5@g; "Wheat. 111©13- Wheat
and Oat ># |9©i2; Oat. »9@U 50; Clov«.;nomta3*
Alfalfa. J8®9 60: Barley, ¦- J7 WQO 60 per ton
STRAW'-35®47Hc. per bale.-
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California' ;- Family Extras. \ J3 25®
3 &0, r usual terms: Bakers' Extras, ? J3 13@3 23;
pregon, J2 75<g>2 85 per 1 barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for ! bakers'; Washington, bakers' J2 75
MILLSTUFFS^Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the " trade: ¦ Graham
Flour,' ¦> 13 • per 100 lbs ; • Rye Flour, J2 75 • r v «
Meal. : J2 50 ; , Rice ' Flour. ; J7 ; Corn Meal V '75*
extra cream do. 1 $3 50: Oat Groats.. $4 »o : Horn'
lny. M 50®3 75;. Buckwheat Flour.- 1404^"
Cracked • Wheat. J3 50;' Farina. J4 50" Wnola
Wheat Flour. |3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) is to
«?7 60; In sacks,, 15 75«7 25; Pearl Barley ll-
Split Peas, J5; Green Peas, ,J6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and 'Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May — (000 ctls
72^c. , . "
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls 69 ic- l
2000. €9%C. ' '
OATS— Dealers are quoting a dull and fea
tureless market. . -
Avhite. »1 ZoU-l 45:' Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25iffl 40, for Feed and 11 J3@l 45 for Seed;
Oray, :¦ nominal ; Black, :. for Feed, Jl 17V4S1 20
fo- P<""1. *1 25(31 3d -rer; ctl. '
CORN-Yellowy, $1 10<g;i 15; White, JllOSllj;
Eastern mixed. Jl 12V4 per ctl.;4fMgHI
KYK— S0I&S2HC per ctl.
i BUCKWhEAT- Nominal. '
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, Jl C5.
Second Session — May — 6000 ctls. SI C'tl • 2000
$1 02%: 2000. $1 02V4: 2000. $1 02% : sooo. n 02 vi.
Regular Morning Session — May — 6000 ctls Jl 03
4000. *I 03% ; IO.OOO; Jl 03% ; ¦ . 2000. f 1 C3H •! 6000*
$103H: 6000.: 1103%: «0OO, $10% December
20C0. U05%; 6CC0. *1 C5%.
Afternoon Session— May— 20C0 ctls, $1 03Vi: 4000
«03*; 6C0O. S103U. *»•«*«.
. BARLEY— The situation still stands the same
some dealers quoting a firm and active and
others a dull market.
Keed, i6V4<&"7'/iiC for choice bright, 75c for
No. >1 and 72Vi«*73%c for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping . grades, 80S83c; Chevalier, nomi
nal. -
CALL, BOARD SALER
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— New York, Paris and Liverpool
were all lower, although the former recovered
at the close. Argentine shipments for the week
were 1.912.000 bushels, against 4,236,000 for the
same week last year.
Chicago opened heavy, with holders realizing
freely. Fresh buying will be necessary to sus
tain prices. There Is a good deal of long wheat
coming out and everybody seemed to have sell
ing orders. The Northwest sold May. Armour's
buying stopped some of the selling.
In this market there was an Improvement in
futures, but spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl; milling, »l (r.'Va@l 05
per ctl. ¦
Sterling Exchange, 60 days......' — j{ jsk
Sterling Exchange, sight......... — 4 SSV
Sterling Cables — 4 gjij
New York Exchange, sight...... — 15'
N'»w York Exchange, telegraphic — . 1714
Silver, per ounce........ — 631'
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 Q 51'
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK. March 22.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Great
strength and activity, fully up to the recently
established standards of the market, were seen
during the week. Prices advanced In the
early days of the week and the steel indus
trial stocks fairly shared honors with the rail
road list. In both departments of the market
new records as to quotations were made, and
although there was a considerable amount of
manipulation outside participation increased.
London shewed little Interest in the market
and the tone of speculation there was un
fortunate and affected by the rumors that a
collision between Russia and England In China
was possible. In fact the stories that an
actual clash between the forces of the two
powers at Tientsin might occur unsettled the
money, and stock markets abroad, and on last
Wednesday produced a selling movement and
a setback In prices here. This movement,
however, was apparsntly due In any event and
the liquidation was by no means severe.
Fresh buying made Its appearance and the
news on Thursday was that Russia and Eng
land were again in accord, thus removing any
ground for fear that '.ue money market would
be unfavorably affected by foreign ipolltlcal
complications. A stronger tone thereupon re
asserted , Itself and the upward movement in
prices, based on the favorable crop and busi
ness outlook, the incrcueing earnings of rail
road properties, their cood dividend prospects
and the talk of further deals and combinations
among the- different systems, with the really
striking success of the steel deal, all com
bined to sustain a buoyant tone In speculation
NEW YORK. March 22— There was a great
variety of movements in the stock market to
day under the shifting operations of specula
tive pools. The opening was quite strong, the
most potent influence being the more cheerful
tone in the foreign markets on the agreement
reported between Great Britain and Russia
over the difficulty at Tientsin. The Eries
eeemed to have arpealed to the favor of the
foreigners j n response tu the late notable up
ward movement here yesterday, and th<.y en-
Joyed a gooj share of the opening strength, but
j-rofit-taking sales were jjarticularly directed
t».a.:..-t them atterwatd, and their reaction had
a large influence in bringing about the subse
quent degression In the general market. The
local municipal stocks were under decided
pressure and ar-narenily a very large line of
tl-eculalive holdings of all the principal mem
bers ot the group were liquidated, making
heavy inroads u:>on their Drices. Attempts
Mil made to raid the market by advancing
Individual stocks here and there, but they were
only indifferently successful, serving as a cover
lor continued realizing. The heavy tone in
liurliiigton since the first of the week has had
a marked mflutnee on the general market so
that it was jjk-ked out as an effective rally
ing point and was bid up within a quarter of
last Monday's liith level. It fell back 2"-i
l<oints, however, and closed with a net gain
of only a fraction. Among the leading rail
road stucks the only really substantial strength
was »ho»n by the trunk lines and by the
Wabai>h iK&ues. Pennsylvania led the former
Knmp with an extreme advance of 2 points.
iteiKirts of a tralflc so large as to tax laclli
tifcs and of higher rates to come on grain were
the grounds o£ the advance. Pennsylvania was
the only member cf the group that held well.
The buying of the Wabash stocks wa« on a
very heavy scale and all offerings were con-
Cdertly absorbed. The preferred was carried
up an extreme Sv», closing at the top, and the
common gained 1»«. Nothing deanite Is known
as to the uource of the buying, but the b«llef
continues that the property is destined to ab
sorption by another system. There was some
continued show of strength among the group
of mtnor railroad urcr>erties which have been
recently prominent, but none of them was
veil held. The Denver and Rio Grande stocks
moved uj» 4% for the common and 3U for the
preferred on the belief that they will pass Into
tlie control of the Missouri Pacific. Northern
1'acific'roEe <> points without any news. West
ern I'nion moved up over 2 points; American
Car Vk. and the preferred of the latter cor
poration r%» on rumors of consolidation. Inter
national Paper rose 3 and the 2<4 on a reported
working agreement with a competitor. Sugar
moved very irregularly, both up and down,
or. larre deaiincs.
The bond market continued active and ir
regular. Total sales. par value, £>,425.GCQ.
United Htates bends were all unchanged on the
la>t call.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
S-'hares • Closing
Sold. Stock— . - Bid.
So.SOO Atchison 60T4
l'K.360 Atchison prefd *4V»*
".,7'* Baltimore & Ohio. SCi
2.W0 Canadian Pacific- : 94H
2.10O Canada Southern ; 62^
U»> Chesapeake & Ohio 46»i
."..4O0 Chicago Ureat Western 22«»
£1.100 Chicago, liurlington &• Quincy 165ij
2,*»0 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 27
200 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 72
Zi« Chicago Ac Eastern Illinois 1154
100 Chicago & Northwestern 178«4
;:.:¦-' Chlcaso. Kock Island & Pacific. 12&H
Ksoo r c c 4 st ixmis 77^
7,406 Colorado Soutfiern 10ii
1.200 (Colorado Southern l«t prefd 46'4
2.ef« Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20»i
C.CfiO lielaw^re & Hudson 164»i
7<fl IDelaware, I -ark &. Western 19514
JS.SOO Denver & Rio Grande 4*14
7.200 Denver & Rio Grande preld 93V«
126.1M Erie S44
2*j.>vO«) Erie 1st prefd 69
L«jO <ireat Northern prefd I01',i
300 JJ...-kine < - oal 17
1.2i« Hocking Valley .• S2»i
4.400 Illinois Central 137
b.100 Iowa Cpntral 33>i
2.V«X) Iowa Ontral prefd 62^
«.«» L*ke Krie & Western ; 62
' *O0 l^olce Krie & Western prefd 122
I^ako Shore 210\i
14.700 I>3Ulsville & Nashville.... 93*
23.r.tt) Manhattan Elevated 125>/i
2»,>*0 Metropolitan Street Railway 1«4
lS.JfO Mexican Central S4«i
17.100 Minneapolis & Bt L<ouls K\,
ifO MtnreapolU & St L*>uls prefd: 11H»
16.iC0 Mif»jurt Pacific 98*;
...:... Mobile &. Ohio SO >
3.200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 23%
1G.1C0 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd f>7'£
New Jensey Central 153
I0.S.0 New York Central ..147
7.100 Norfolk & Western W«i
VO Norfolk & Western prefd.... 85
19.600 Northern Pacific .: S7H
1.9H0 Northern Pacific prefd S9H
12.SC0 Ontario & Western »2?4
Oregon Railroad & Kax-lgation 42 •
Orecon, Railroad & Nav prefd 76
TO. ICO Pennsylvania ..U3T«
New York Stock Market.
elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, SOQ'SO'gc f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1' hard Duluth, 92%c f. • o. b.
afloat. Options at first were Inclined toward
heaviness, selling off lU@l?.c under liquidation
imt«lled by bearish : cables, flne weather West,'
a- rise In - consols and small seaboard - clear
ances. A - subsequent • stir In expert circles,'
however, alarmed shorts and prompted after
noon steadiness, helped by a bullish "Modern
Miller" report - on the crop outlook. Closed
firm. H#v;c net decline. March closed SOVic;
May. SO^SOHc.; closed S0?4c: July, 79%i&S0 7-16c,
closed SOUc; September, 73' / iQ79%c. closed 79?ic.
HOPS-QuIet. -
HIDES— Steady. 5
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice, 7c;
mild, dull; Cordova. 8V4«?12c. The ¦ market for
futures opened quiet at unchanged prices, ad
vanced 5 points on local coverlns with sellers
scarce, subsequently lost under renewed selling
by local Interests. Closed steady with prices
partially 5 points lower. Total sales, 22,500
bags, including: March. 1902, $6 05; May, »5 55:
June. $5 60; July, $5 65;. August. $5 70; Septem
ber. $3 75; October and November, $5 SO.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; - fair -refining, ! 3«4c;
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 13-32c; molasses sugar,
3 9-32c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3668 packages; firm;
creamerj', 16@22c-; factory. 10@14Hc •
EGGS— Receipts. 17.720 packages; easier;
Western at mark, 12%©13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
While the market for evaporated apples ex
hibited signs of strength to-day, owing to the
light supplies on hand, there was no startling
changes in quotations nor was there any ac
tivity to speak of. Prices, at the close remain
as last quoted, but the trend of prices Is to
ward a higher level. State common was quoted
at.3@4c; prime. 4>4<g:4?ic; choice, 5@5%c, and
fancy. 6®S%c.
California dried fruits were inactive but
nominally steady.
PRUNES— 3US7c per pound, as to size .and
quality. .;
APRICOTS— Royal. 7^@12c: Moorpark, 8tf®
"PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 9&@
10c. . ' "•.;.,. ;.¦ -,v :-¦:¦ . .^\ ,,
* j
NEW YORK,' March 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13.779 bbls. ; ; exports, 13,750 bbls. Quiet and
steady all day at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipts,. 11,600 bushels. Spot. firm.
No. 2 red; Sl%c f. o.b. afloat: No, 2 red, 80i B c
Barracuda — ® — Shad 8010
Carp 8@10 Striped Basa. ...12^15-
Catflsh Sea Bass — ffl—
Codfish 12313 Smelts 15®—
Flounders 8010 Soles 10<S—
Halibut 10®15 Skates, each 8S13
Herring 6®— Tomcod —4i\i)
Kingftsh 90- Turbot -.-®-
Ma^kerrl — <©— Whlteflsh 1&3—
Do. Horse — <@— Clams, gallon S0<3—
Perch 10-912 Do. hardshell, lb 8«1J
Pomplno —<&— Crabs, each ....1243—
Rockflsh l'tje- Do, 80ftshelI.dz.4(Vg-
Salmon. fresh 1S©2O Mussels, quart.... 5^11
Do. smoked 13<g!40 Oysters. Cal. I00..4i>?r5.>
Shrimps 8©10l Do. Eastern. dz.23©40
Lemons, which are consequently cheap, but
Limes are still scarce. It is rather difficult to
lir.d good sound Apples now.
The Vegetable market Is well supplied with
the seasonal varieties. Strawberries in small
(;uantities are coming In from th» peninsula,
but are very dear.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel i ©12 M Southfleld
Wellington.. ©11 00 Wellington — «11 M
Seattle 9 00© Coos Bay.... —Q 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.35^40 Ranch E«rg». per
Do. good 23©3O dozen _15ffS>
Cheese. Cal 12$15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17®20 pound 13ff2f>
Cheese. Swiss 2O©*5 t>o, extracted.. .10^12
Common Eggs — ©15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60@7: Turkeys, per lb... 17320
Roosters. Ducks, each «5cgH
_* ac '; ToctJJl Geese. «ach...tl 50<31 75
Old Roosters. ea..6O@70 Pigeons. palr.;....5i>S8O
Fryers, each 73®— Rabbits, pair 40®
Broilers, each 50^«5 Hare, each —QiH
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15©!? Round Steak 103—
Beef, choice 12'glS I Sirloin Steak. ...124©—
Do. good 10®— Tenderloin, do 15@ —
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse, do.lTVf? —
Ham U#?3 Smoked Beef — @13
Lard —©13 Pork, salt 10#l? a
Mutton 12®13 Pork Chops US—
Lamb — ©15 Pork Sausages. .V&t'SUt
Pork, fresh 13®- Veal 12®15
Fruits and NuS —
Almonds 15$20iLimes. per doa... 015
Apples 5@ % Lemons, do* 15@?5
Bananas, doz 23@.T0 Raisins, per lb....— @
Oranges, doz liSK) Walnuts, per lb..l3§20
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb. 5® 8 Peppers, per lb....2t)®—
Artichokes, doz... 230 10 Potatoes, per lb.. 2O—
Beets, doz...: 10#— New, do $34
Beans, white. lb.mi'S*— Rhubarb, per lb... 6-3 8
Colored, per lb..l0#— . Sweet Potatoes.lb 3-S—
Dried Lima, lb.. 60 S Parsnips, per dz 10<a—
Cabbage, each.... 5@— Radlshes.dz bchs.l3S2i
Cauliflowers, each 50— Sage, doz bnchs..2S<}2"m
Celery, head 5**— String Beans, lb.. 10213
Cress, doz bnchs.l.V»:o Summer Squash.
Cucumbers. doz.Jl 5C52 per lb lSS"^)
Egg Plant, lb — ®25 Sprouts, perjb.... 60 S
Green Peas, lb 5® 6 Spinach, per lb... 50—
Lettuce, per doz..l3@20 Thyme, doz bchs.25!p3!>
Onions. Der lb.... 4@ 5 Turnips, per doz..l0f£—-
Okra. dried, lb —©25 Tomatoes, per lb.10213
Fish-
Butter is plentiful and ratter cheaper. Tgg%
are slightly dearer. There is no chang« la
Clieesev *
Poultry has been high all th® week, owing
to light arrivals. Muttcn and Lamb are slowly
getting cheaper. Beef and Veal are unchanged.
Tho market is oversupplied with Oranges and
Family Retail Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PThe pressure has risen rapidly during the
part tmenty-four hours over the northwestern
jiorTion «'f th» country. There has been a slight
:a!l during the i>ast twelve hours over the
valley of the Colorado and Southern California.
A l]«*j>vy dust sti.nn is reported south of l»>s
The temperature ha» fallen over 20
degjees in L"tah and Southern Idaho. Through
out Caiiiorma ihere has l-een but little change.
tOloudy weather prevails along the coast
i-outh of Point Conception, and enow is falling
in Northern I'tah and Southern Idaho.
Very light eliuwrn- have occurred in the San
Jfraquin Valley. High winds are reported at
Han Luis obis-po. Independence, Winnemucca
and Neah 15ay.
Forecai-t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 23, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weather
Faturfiay: fresh westerly winds on the coast;
•warmer in the interior.
Southern California— Cloudy unsettled weather
Saturday, with rand storms In the interior;
brifk northerly winds, diminishing.
Nevada— Cloudy; warmer Saturday.
Utah — Cloudy unsettled weather Saturday;
probably light rain or enow; continued cool
weather.
Arizona — Cloudy unsettled weather Saturday.
•with dust fterms: brisk northerly wind.
t Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather Saturday; iresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
FORECAST,
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E*; minimum, 49; mean, &2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ate. es compared with those of the same date
'.'¦•¦• ?¦' a ¦¦¦••-.. and rainfall in the last twenty-
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. March 22, 1901—5 p. m
Imports cf rr*cl<» at this port during the
first two months of the year amounted to J3.
€39,435. agsinst $443,139 in 19C0, the description*
being as follows: Gold bullion. $2,674,262; gold
coin. $6>4.O03; silver bullion. t367.€M; ellver coin.
JJ3.546. The leading sources were: Mexico
J5C5,sr5: Australia. Jl. 479.416: Japan, $1,649,200.
Imports of Specie.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Money on call
New York Money, Market.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— To-day's stated
rr.ent of the Treasury ; balance's shows : Avail
able cash balance, $154,213,195; gold, ; 193,434,321.
LONDON, March 22.— Atchison, C2%; Cana
dian Pacific, 97H: St. Paul, 155%; 'Illinois Cen
tral, 140: Union Pacific prefd, 874: New, York
Central.. 150; Pennsylvania, 774: Reading, 18-
Northern Pacific prefd. Sl'£; Anaconda. 9U"
Rand. 4>4. ; Bar silver, dull, S7%d - per ¦ ounce
Money, 4 per cent. . .
Condition of the Treasury.
CLOSING
Money was light. Two millions were taken
out of the market for the payment of the first
installment on the local loans. Call loans
were 3*i p«r cent: bills. 3%S3% per cent The
Bank of Bombay has reduced its rate from
8 to 7 per cent.
NEW YORK, March 22.-The Commercial
Advertieer'a London financial cablegram says:
Activity is growing on the stock market here!
On good business to-day the tone hardened
considerably. The report of >.the Anglo-Rus
sian understanding was the greatest help.
American shares were buoyant all day on buy-
Ing by professionals who were eager arid not
at all discriminating, the only ¦ feature being
the sharp spurt upward of the Denver issu*es
and the Grand Trunk common. The Jump In
Grand Trunk was a smart one and it started
a theory -that New York was buying for con
trol.
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |Unlon Pacific 32*i
Call loans 3 @4: Union Land 4
Time .oans 3404 West End 9i
4 St ? ck , 9 T c Westinghse Elec.'" 624
Ateh T & Sta Fe.. eOT» Bonds
Do prefd 94»* Atchlgon 4s 10*
American Sugar... 143 Mining Shares-'
Do prefd 121 Adventure 14s:
Amer Telephone... 16214 Bingham 25**.
Boston & Albany..253 Amalg Copper.. I0l£
Boston Klevated...l73 Atlantic ..f. 3I1I
Boston & Maine... 194% Boston & Montana".356
Chi B & Q 165U Butte & Boston... .101
Dominion Coal 38 Calumet & Hecla 858 '
Do prefd 110 Centennial 2%
Federal Steel 484 Franklin .. ... 22K
Do prefd. .101 j Humboldt "so
Fltchburg prefd. ...144U,OseeoIa rt
Gen Electric 2144 Parrot ...V.V.'. £3
Do prefd.... 192 Quincy *"l76
Ed Elec III 267 Santa Fe Copper 8>i
Mexican Central... 24% Tamarack ..„. 333
N E Gas & Coke.. 12 Utah Mining..... '.'I 35
Old Colony »8 Wlnona ..7T.... «»i
Old Dominion 36Vi Wolverines " 52
Rubber 19
1,225,900 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS
u S ref 2s reg 106 Do 4s 9s *i
Do coupon 1064 N Y C lsts 107U
L rf : , s ng nv * N J C gen 5s 134
Do 3s coupon lllVi N Pacific 3s 7i«i
Do new 4s reg....l3SU| Do 4s ' iqgS
Do new 4s coup..l3SU N Y C & St L 4s.:ios2
Do old 4s reg 113 N & W con 4s. . . .. 103U
Do old 4s coup... .114 Or Nav lsts 110
- Do as reg 11114 Do 4b 'iO4»:
Do 5s coupon.... .in 4 Or Short Line 6s..l2S
Dist of Col 3.6os. ..1231^ Do con 5s 116
Atchlson gen 4s. ...104% Reading gen 4s 544
Do adj 4s 94Vi R G W lsts 100%
panada So 2d? 108% Rt L & I M con Cs.llS?
Ches & O 44s 1J7J4 St L & S F gen 6s.l314
Do." 8 -- 121HiSt Paul cons 184%
& e ? i, c ,. 0 " 7 - s -"- m * St P C & P lst s ..HS
Do S F deb os...l24 Do 5s 1204
Chicago Term 4s... 97 S Pacific 4s 90s!
So 48 R6*; S Railway 5s 117
D & R G 4r 102 |Stand R & T 6s... 68
gen 4s 8S% Tex & Pac lsts.. .120
F W & D C lsts..lO3T* Do 2de 9«
Gen Electric 5s.... 176 U Pacific 4s 106
Iowa Cent lsts. ...1174 Wabash lsts U9U
L c * N «n« 4s 1024 Do 2ds 1104
M K & T 2ds 80 West fchore 4s 1154
\a Centuries 95^4 Wise Central lsts. 9o2
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 22|LittIe Chief 15
Alice 33 Ontario .. 95
Breece 120;OphJr '.¦"' 55
Brunswick Con 23:Phoenix " OS
<^>m»tock Tunnel... 05 Potosi '** 10
Con Cal & Va 155 Savage ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'."" 05
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada '4
Horn Silver......... 10. Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver. 58 Standard 3 95
Leadville Con 05i
41.700 Reading 34«i
16.000 Reading 1st prefd 73H
29.M0 Reading 2d prefd 46*4
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 88
2.900 St Louts & San Francisco 42*i
2C0 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S54
1.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6SH
1,700 St Louis. Southwestern 33H
1.000 Pt Louis. Southwestern prefd 63V»
22.200 et Paul 131>,»
St Paul prefd 1SS
Pt Paul & Omaha 123
1?,«H) Southern Pacific 45H
39.S0O Southern Railway .-27
5.100 Southern Railway prefd 7?H
13.W0 Texas & Pacific 31%
29.^00 Union Pacific 92T»
3.600 I'nion Pacific prefd ?5^
22,500 Wabash 20*i
SL900 Wabash prefd 40»i
6f» Wheeling & Lake Erie J5U
1.7<v> Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 32
4.100 Wisconsin Central 19?i
Third Avenue 122
1.200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91H
3.300 National Tube, t r 60
600 National Tube prefd. t r lll*i
Express Companies—
Adams 155
American .' 193
1,000 Vnit-d States ." 70
Wells Fargo .: 137
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton OH rrefd 85
300 American Malting 5^
200 American Malting prefd 26
i.40rt American Smelting & Ref E7»i
1,200 American Smelt & R prefd. ex dlv.. 9;*;
American Spirits iu
American Spirits prefa 17
2.1O0 American Steel Hoop, t r ,. . 42
2. 100 American Steel Hoop rrefd t r.. Sl»;
2,70rt American Steel & Wire, t r 42',,
S00 American Steel & Wire prefd. t r..l07
2.700 American Tin Plate, t r 704
....... American Tin Plate prefd, t r 115
13.S0O American Tobacco 12O',i
American Tobacco prefd 144
1.200 Anaconda Mining Co 46
S7.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ?34
M<H> Colorado Fuel & Iron...... 50<£
<.4O0 Continental Tobacco 4574
7«0 Continental Tobacco prefd lO4*i
2.600 Federal Steel, t r 4g?
400 Federal Steel prefd. t r " ion*
oOO General Electric ....214"
300 Glucose Sugar 4714
Glucose Sugar prefd .".'.'."I 94'
32.200 International Paper 27U
14.&00 International Paper prefd ' TQSi
Laclede Gas { "" S '
1U00 National Biscuit .'..'.'".' 41
National Biscuit prefd 9S
100 National Lead jju
••¦•v- National Lead prefd 82%
1.000 National Steel, t r..... 52^
1.000 National Steel prefd. t r 113?
¦¦riAA New York A!r B ™ke 15$
4,200 North American kt*;
Pacific Coast " 57 .
Pacific Coast 1st prefd '.'.'.'.'. 90
'•V-^A £ aciflc C!o * s t 2d prefd 64
3.200 Pacific Mail i-,-
S.4fO People's Gas .."'. 1^^
2O0 Pressed Steel Car 36
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75
400 Pullman Palace Car '""03
2.^0 Standard Rope & Twine '.'.'.'.'.'.'." tu
65,300 Sugar ¦,££
... Sugar prefd """ im
1-122 T « nnps s^e coal & iron. ..i!;;;;!;;;:; »£
4.200 United States Leather 12%
1.900 United States Leather prefd "" 75
oOO United States Rubber 191'
United States Rubber prefd ••••'*
13.300 Western Union ..:.... 1,
11.900 Amalgamated Copper inis?
2.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co...... ""i lWi
2.600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 67ii
P C C & St Louis.. 7. 64 *
NEW YORK, March 22.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for. the week ended
March 21. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
New York $1,700,402,448 . 66.0
Boston 149.952,817 S5.0
Chicago 144.022,718 18.3
Philadelphia 97,069.476 15.5
ft- Louis 42.945.908 46.5 . ....
Plttsburg 41,202.000 49.4
Baltimore 23.956,851 23.9
San Francisco 19.635,441 25.7 ....
Cincinnati 18,141.700 17.1
Kansas City 14.41S.029 ' 12.1
New Orleans 14.054,696 23.9
Minneapolis 8.S73.9S6 .... 11.8
Detroit 8.755.950 10.4
Cleveland 11.BS4.448 25.4
Louisville 8.710,678 . 1.4
Providence 6.462.100 8.6
Milwaukee 6 267 207 . ....
St. Paul 4,625.457 8.7
Buffalo 6.314.901 21.0 ....
Omaha 6.049.03S 6.6 ....
Indianapolis 6.S17.296 11.1'
Columbus, Ohio ... fi.993.500 4S.7
Savannah 3.062,600 .... S6.8
Denver 4.599.412
Hartford 2.546.332 . 7.0 ....
Richmond 4 442 179 86 7-
Memphis 3,147.273 31.6 ....
Washington 2.P69.3S9 13.1 ....
Peoria 2.337,359 15.4
Rochester 1.980.450 4.2
New Haven 1.273.190 10.8 ....
Worcester 1.400,fi37 S.9 ....
Atlanta 2.0SR.318 11.1
Salt Lake City 2.4S5.5S5 U.O
Springfield. Mass .. 1.205,208 15 0
Fort Worth 2.604.SS5 7.1
Portland. Me 1,233.400 • 4S.6
Portland. Or 1.769.551 , 3 4
St. Joseph 3.699,605 .... 12.4
Los Angeles 2.961,394 30.7
I Norfolk 1.314,7*0 14.3
Syracuse 961.931 10.4
Des Moines I,63S,7ns 29.6
Nashville 1,420.621 6.1
Wilmington, Del... 9?7,9?9 2.9
Fall River 616.S22 .... 9 (,
Scranton 1.C81.591 .... 6.6
Grand Rapids * 1.520.30ft 2t».S
Augusta, Ga ... 1.S30.790 ' 48.5
Lowell 52I.67S 10.7
I>aytnn, Ohio 1.O91.S05 .... 12.7
Seattle 2.300.1S7 12.1 ..>.
Tacoma , 1.313.S73 46.0
Spokane 1.024. 2S5 20.3
Pioux City 1,233.065 24.9
New Bedford 37S.579 . 3.3
Knoxvllle. Tenn 630.362 34.3
Topeka 1.3;6,6C0 93.2
Birmingham 765.641 .... • 5.9
Wichita r.lO.R25
Binghamton 412.400 6.5 ....
Lexington. Ky .... S27.O4S 19.7 • ....
Jacksonville. Fla... 30S.505 1.9
Kalamazco 3fi3.2S5 .... " * 7.3
! Akron 541.100 20.6 '
i Chattanooga 470.117 25.0
Rockford. Ill 333,461 .... 1J.9
Canton. Ohio 309.R29 23 2
Springfield. Ohio... 256.324 14.2
Fargo, N. D 217.6S6 .... ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 212.300 X0.3
Fremont, Neb 115.266 . . .... 36.8
Toledo 2.276.790 ; , 11. R ....
Galveston 6.9SS.O00 67.6 .... i
Houston 7,R79,f>26 33.1 .... i
Evansvllle 1.091. 6.-.0 - 3.3 ....
Maron 699.000 .... ....
Little Rock 613.4S5 35. S ....
Helena 695.116 24.1 ....
Springfield. Ill E?0.399 14.5 ....
Youngstown : 301.861 .... 2.2
Bloomington 251,453 32.1
Jacksonville. 111.... 137.696 .... ¦ g.8
Colorado Springs... .- 954.770 .... ....
Wheeling ¦' 665.9S5 .... •-....
Totals U. S $2,416,792,403 E1.2 ~
Totals outside ,
N. Y 716.4S3.957 24.7 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA. ~ T
Montreal $17,416,572 37.9 ....
Toronto 11.131.S44 19.8 ....
Winnipeg 11.640.926
Halifax 1,379.165 6.0 ....
Hamilton : R1J.770 25.0
St. John, N. B 708.082 IS. 7 ....
Vancouver 691.300 13.0
Victoria 623.962 ..... 2.1
Totals $34,412,552 23.5
Special reports telegraphed this week Indi
cate that the winter wheat crop is in good
condition and an unusunlly hfavv acreage was
planted at the Southwest, while . ravages ¦ by
the Hessian -fly have been exaggerated. " .
Failures for the wee* numbered 221 in the
United States, against 1^-3 last year, and 33 In
Canada, against 27 last year.
The. amount of cotton coming forward at
the South Indicates that -plantation stocks are
by no means exhausted and preparations for
the new crop promise au enormous acreage.
Footwear is -firmly maintained for staple
lines, although hish-priced grades are easier.
Some decrease. In demand does not disturb pro
ducers as factories are busy on contracts that
will require months to till. Buyers who left
Boston recently are now sending in orders
freely. Especially, is th» notice in the local
market for patent and enamel shoes. Leather
Is in good demand, but quotations are un
changed. Hides at Chicago have declined
steadily for two montJis,- the net fall in the
average of ten grades amounting to 7.2 per
cent. Despite the weakness in domestic lines
foreign hides are tendlns upward.
NEW YORK, March 22.-R. G. Dun &.Co.'s
Weekly, Review of Trade .'to- morrow will say:
The position of general business Is satisfactory,
being marked this week by ¦ Increased activity
of retail concerns throughout the West and in
some Atlantic seaboard cities, which Is con
sidered the forerunner 'of a generally good
spring trade. New enterprise Is reflected In
the largest demand for many months for build
ers' hardware i and general materials and con
tracts for prompt delivery of all structural
goods are very difficult to place. Collections
are prompt and railroad tonnage is well main
tained. Earnings : of all railroads for the
month of March to date show a gain of. 10.8
per cent over last, year and 38 per Cent over
1S99. The gains extend to practically the whole
country. The textile industry alone does not
improve Short time has been adopted . by the
Fall Riv*r cotton mills and there are reports
that some of the Southern weaving mills are
about to curtail production, but this has been
without special effect upon demand for either
print cloths or- heavy brown cottons.
Quotations of pig iron and finished steel tend
toward a higher level. There is still the whole
eorne element of conservatism, which prevents
violent fluctuations and keeps the advance at
a moderate rate, but the tendency of the mar
ket is undeniably toward better things. The
most conspicuous strength Is apparent In Bes
semer pig.- which, now commands $17 at Pitts
burg, while steel ¦ billets have sold at $24 and
high carbon billets reached $30. Steel bars are
$1 per ton "higher and structural shapes are
firmly maintained, with -every expectation • of
an advance. While the&e quotations show mod
erate gains much higher rates are paid for
Immediate .delivery and In small amounts. A
short time ago it was expected that new ore
prices would be - much ¦ lower,- but the remark
able strength of products will tend t« sustain
values of the raw material. New high records
are constantly established for coke In the Con
relliville region and prices are firm. Among
the minor metals further depression In tin was
the feature. .
Dun's Review of Trade.
Silver Icvjcr. No change in Exchange.
Wheat futures recovered somewhat. Barley firm.
Xo change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Bran firm and Hay quiet and steady.
Government takes a large line of white Beans. Colored weak.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm. Asparagus coming in heavily.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry continues firm wider light receipts.
More Strawberries arrived. Oranges coming in heavily.
Lemons and. Limes unchanged. Bananas and Apples steady.
Primes still quoted firm, with some sises getting scarce.
Provisions rule firm at previous quotations.
Wool, Hops and Hides stand as Before.
Hogs still firm wider light receipts. Mutton and Lamb easy.
Oil stocks continue in demand. Local stocks and bonds sell fairly.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot.' firm; No. 1 California. 6s
3%d; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s: No 1
Northern spring, 6s 3^d. Futures— Quiet; May^
6s %d: July. 6s %d. '
CORN — Spot; firm; American mixed, new, 3s
10*4d: American mixed, old. 4a Ud. Futures—
Qutet; May, 2s lOd; July, 3s 0?id; September,
3s l*Hid.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady
£4<g4 15s. , -. -.,
——————
LONDON, March 22.— Consols, 95 15-16; Sil
ver. 27*id ; French rentes, lOlf 42V6c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
Standard California, 30s 3d; Walla Walla, 2Ss
6d: English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. March 22.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 Standard California. «>s 3V4d?it5s 4d: wheat In
Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 4\d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 22.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day number 14.740 bales.
The attendance was good and operators were
free buyers. Americans competed eagerly for
suitable parcels and pa'd full rates for medium
greasy. Superior scoureds and cross-breds were
firm. Merinos were generally 10 per cent high
er. A small selection of new clip met with a
ready sale.
London Wool Sales.
TACOMA. March 22.— No change In wheat;
bluestem, 53c; club, E6^c.
Three ships cleared to-day, with cargoes
totaling 340,000 bushels, and two more will
finish to-morrow. ,
Cleared— Ship County of Linlithgow, with
J1S.2J4 bushels wheat: bark Swanhilda, with
124,740; bark Arthur Fltger, with 94,875; all for
Cjueenstown.'
PORTLAND. March 22.— In the Portland
wheat market Walla Walla was selling over
a range of E6@57c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. March 22.— Clearings, $2;i.»84;
balances, $51, 951. ' ¦
Portland's Business.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000. Sheep and lambs
about steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 75®
5: fair to choice mixed. $4 60@4 80; Western
sheep, $4 75@5: yearlings. $4 7505 10: native
lambs, $4 75@5 40; Western lambs, $0 20@5 40.
CHICAGO, March 22.-CATTLE-Rec«lpts,
1500, including 100 Texans.- Steers about steady
« 9 2^» J tO o « rrlme , steers ' J5 ® 6: 1>oor to medium.
J3 .0134 90; stopkers and feeders, active, J2 75
tol 65; cows, $2 65154 35; heifers, $2 70S4 60;
canners, slow, $2@2 60; bulls. $2 75®4 35; calves
$4 50®6; .Texas fed steers, $4©5; Texas grass
steers, • $3 40®4: Texas bulls, $2 50©3 75.
,= H £ GS — Recelpts to - da y. 16,000: to-mcrrow.
15 0C0, estimated; left over. 1500. Closed strong,
5c lower. Top, $6 15. Mixed and butchers',
$0 &>@6 lo; good to choice heavy,' $6#8 15: rough
heavy. $5 S5<So 95; light, $5 S3@6 C5; bulk of
sales, $3 97',4@6 05. .
Chicago. Livestock Market.
NEW TORK. March 22.— The cotton market,
after opening at an advance of 11@21 points,
further . Improved a little. May sold up from
8.03c to 8.10c. July from. 8.05c to 8.03c and Oc
tcber from 7.39c to 7.42c. The general market
closed ¦ steady at a net advance of 12 to 20
points. ¦
Netv York Cotton Market
NEW TORK. March £2.— An improvement In
speculative circles of tin abroad caused an
advance of 10s In that market to £113 17s 6d
on spot and £111 15s on futures. The local
market was sympathetically higher, but trad
ing was confined chietiy.to supplying immediate
requirements with the close firm at $25 60. Cop
per in London recovered the loss of yesterday
en some light buying 'irtlers and closed steady
at £68 17s 6d on spot and £69 7s 6d for futures.
The local situation was "entirely destitute of
new features,- prices remaining nominally on
the basis of $17. for Lake Superior and $16 62¥
for casting and electrolytic. . Spelter was a
shade lower to-day, but trading at the decline
was small, with the final tone weak at $3 So@
3 90. Lead continu-3 dull and unchanged.
Domestic iron markets were quiet and in the
absence of business prices were more or less
nominal. Pig iron warrants. $J 60010 60; North
ern foundry, $1S@15 50; Southern foundry, $14®
15 60, and soft Southern. $13@15 50.
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
oSJSf-..; ....:...^ %
wv. . PARIS.
¦j- wneat— . March. May- Aug.
£f enln * I860 1950
a £? ln * IS 55 13 40
Flour-
Opening 23 7l> 23 g;
Closing 23 70 24 70
FRIDAY. March »-8 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONUS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 114 114»t|4s coup (new).i3SVil3S*4
4s registered... 113 113*i'3s» quar coup.m'^lil^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 3s.lO3«i — Oceanic S3 5s 103*4. —
Cal-st Cab 5a.. IK 1 ! — Om C R <s l2S»i —
C C Water 5a..lO8»ilO3«£ Pac G Imp 4a. — lCOti
K L * P 6s... J28Vil33H Pk & Cl R «s..l0S —
F & Cl Ry 6s. .114 — Pk & O R 6».. — —
Geary-st R 5a.. — — Powell-st R «s.!20 —
Haw C 5Hs....KSi;— 8 E G A R 5s. 9S —
Haw C 5s 104%105H 8 F St 8JV 5s.l21 —
L A R R 5s.... — 112^ S R of Cal «».1K> —
L A L Co 6s... — — SPRofACs
Do gntd 6s... — 104 (1309) U2H —
Do gntd 5S...100 - Do (1910) 113Vi —
L A P R R 5B.103 — S P C <s (1903.
Markt-st Oil.- 127 Series A)...*— 110*;
Do 1st c 5a..l21H — ' r*> (Series B)U1U«1»^
N C N O R 7s. — 113H Dot (19C«> — U3V»
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Do (1912) 122*4 —
N R of Cal 5s.l2Q»; — 3 P C 1st gr SalOSt, _
N P C R R ««.1014 — SPBrR «a.. 131 V33' i
N P C R R Js-lCS^i — S V Water 6s.ll2»- —
N C R R 69.. .Ill — 3 V Water 4s.lO3»i —
O n I. &¦ It 5S.110H — Do 3d mtg-..102Vi _
Oak Tr Co 6s.. 118 ll«'i Stkn O & E 63. ICO —
Oak W Co 5a. .100 lCO^i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70H 71H Spring Valley. 92U 9*
Marin County. 53*i —
GAS ANTD ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pac Lt Co..... — 44 ..
Kquit O.ns 3 3'' k Sac E O A R. SS 40
Mut Eleo Lt.. — S«i S F G & E.... 43T4 «U
OOl,ftH....» HV»3»n Francisco. 414 4H
Pac Gas Imp. — 44HIStktn O A E ¦ 14
STOCK AND ' BOND EXCHANGE.
The feature of the morning: session of the
Bond Exchange was the decline In Hawaiian
Commercial to T70Q71. The last previous re
corded sale was at $30 12% on March IS. Gas
and Electric declined to $46 and Hutchinson
was weak at $22 50. The other stocks were
featureless.
In the afternoon Hutchinson recovered to
J22 87»i under active sales. Honokaa. sold ut»
to $32 and Hawaiian at $70. Oceanic advanced
to $39.
There was nothing new on. the oil exchanges,
the usual good business being recorded.
The Napa, Consolidated Quicksilver Mining
Company has declared a quarterly dividend of
10c per share, or $10,000, payable April 1.
The New Idria Quicksilver Mining Company
has declared a dividend of 20c per share, or
$20,000. payable April 1.
The Central Oil Company will pay a dividend
of lc per share on the 25th. amounting to *6«2s
The Continental Oil Company will pay a divi
dend of 3c per share on April 1, aggregatJn*
$720C.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head remain as
before.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
ibout lHc under quotations. Heavy ' Salted
Steers, Sftc; medium, 8%c; light, „ Sc; Cow
Hides 8V-C for heavy. and 8c for light; Stags
5c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. Jc: Salted Calf.
10c: Dry Hides. ISHc: Culls. 13c; Dry Kip. 15c;
Dry Calf. l«o: Culls ar.d Brands. 12S13c: Sheep
skins,. shearlings, 15@25c each; short Wool, 30
840c each; medium. 50«i 65c: long Wool. 75c@»
paoh:tHorse Hides, . *alt. $2 50 for large and
$I@2 23 for medium. $101 25 for small and 50c
for ¦ Colts: Horse Hides. • drv. Jl 75 f or | arce
(t 2S for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts
Deerskins— Summer or " red • skins.- Uc: . fan or "
medium, skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;* largo and
smooth.' 50c; medium. 3oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4Hc per lb- No
I. 3Vi@4c; grease. 2©2Hc.
WOOL— Spring." 1300— Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15<316c per lb: Northern. 1 free. 12®13c: de
fective. 10«llc: Middle County, free,, iobuc
to. ; defective. 9J?10c ; Southern. 12 months S©
}c: .." Southern, free. -.7 months. -7610c ; do. de
fective, 7 months. • 768c: Oregon Valley. One
I5®16c: -do. -medium and coarse. 14815c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good
)Sllc; -r Nevada, 10ffi:c Fall— Humboldt and
ii.iii»»iiiTiiiiutitMViniiniiiim i itTffWfnfn-ff(y
LARD— Tierces qucted at 6sHc per lb for
compound and -10c for pure: half -barrels,
pure. 10yc;-10-lb tins. 13%c: 5-lb tins, 10T4c
COTTOLENE-rOne half-barrel, 8Vic; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. "Tic; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces, 7*4c per lb.
CURED _MEATS-Bacon, ll«4c per lb for
12<gl2Vic for light medium. 1*3 for
light. 13% for extra light and 13®UV4c for
?»,f^- r ."P ur * Nl: Eastern sugar-cured Ham*.
12H?»13c: Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess.
»12 50; Family.., 113 50; prime mess Pork. 115®
15 »0; extra clear, $22; Mess. $1S; Smoked Beef.
12c per pound.
NUTS— Chestnuts. ft@lOc per lb for Italian;
walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2 THc* No,
1 hardshell. 9>4c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds.' 12313c
for paper-shell, 9®Uc for j>oftshell; Peanuts. 5®
fie for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c-
Pecan-. ll@13c; Coeoanuts, $3 5C03
HONEY— Comb. 13%©14c for bright and «H@
ISc for light amber; water white extracted. 7^c;
light amber extracted, «^©7c; dark, CJ6^c
BEESWAX-24@26c per Ibl ;
Provisions.
The situation remains without change, the
market being firm , with a good demand for
Hams and Lard, the Inquiry for Bacon being
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie; stand,
ard. 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thompsons. 9c
per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. lOVic per lb: choice,
3%c: standard. 8=4c: prime. Sc; unbleached Sul
tanas, 8c; Seedless. 60-lb boxes, 6Hc: 4-crown,
7c; 3-crown, 6Uc; 2-crown, 6c. Pacific brand.
2-crown. 5c 1 3-crown. 5^4c. and 4-crowq. 5%e:
seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. lS-ounce. 7c; 12
ounce. 5He; choice. 16-ounce. 6*ic; 12-ounce.
5»«c; London Layers, 2-crown, $150 per box; 3
crown. $160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50:
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sires, 3c: SMOs. 7c:
40-5Os, 6Hc; 50-60s.4^c; £0-70s. 3«ic 70-SOs. flic;
80-SOs, 2?ic; 90-lCOs, 2}ic; 10O-12Os, l^c: rubles.
He premium; Sonomas, He ind San Joaquins
Uo less than Santa Claras, except 100 end over,
which stand the same.
FRUITS — Apricots. 5@7c for Royals and 8>£@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, SW'goc;
sun-dried, l%@2?ic; Peaches, 3@3Vic for stand
ard, 4f?4Uc - for choice and 5i§6c for fancy;
Pears. ?07c: Plums, pitted. 4@5c; unpitted. 1©
lVic: Nectarines. 5@5VsC for red and o'i'Stic for
white. . >
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report, the firm
ness and increased activity In Prunes having
become . en established condition. Desirable
sizes are getting scarce, and even the small
slzps are being freely taken.
The report of the . secretary of the' Raisin
Growers* Association, issued on March 15.
shows that the raisin crop of 1S9S amounted to
3247 cars, and of 1S39 to 2643 cars; in 1900 the
crop was 3434 cars, with a surplus on hand of
14S8 cars.. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 50c®$l 73;
Seedlings. ; Tangerines, COcCgJl 25; Japan
ese Mandarins. $101 50: Lemons, oOcgJl for
common and $1 25@2 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 5Uc©$2; Mexican Limes, JSysiO;
California Limes, nominal: Bananas. 7ac®$2 25
per bunch: Pineapples. 73c® $2 per dozen.
Oranges continue to crowd into the mar
ket and the feeling la very weak. Under the
circumstances the prices obtained at auction
are very good. Thirteen cars were sold yes
terday, as follows:. Fancy Navels. $l@l 70;
choice do, 60c@$l 30; standard do, 50c@$l 20.
There is no change in Limes, though the
chilly weather has diminished the demand.
Lemons continue weak and dragging under
larse supplies.
Bananas and Apples are unchanged.
UKCIDL'OUS FRUITS— I
APPLES— 50@75c per box for 'common and $1
©1-75 for good to choice and $2 for fancy.
Longworth Strawberries from Mountain View
brought 70c rer basket, receipts being one
half chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Eggs are quoted steady on the Dairy Ex
change, and stocks continue small, while the
demand is lively. Storage room Is said to be
getting scarce, owing to the large quantities
lately put into the Ice houses. One house Is
already reported full.
Cheese- continues mm.
JButter is still weak for everything except
the fancy creameries, and stocks of medium
and lower grades are large and dragging.
Kecelrtu as reported r>v th» Paliy Kxcri^nre
Were: 58.400 pounds of Butter, 1204 cases Eggs'
19.100 pounds California Cheese,- and pounds
Kastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds
14e.
Dairy— Extras, lac; firsts. 12c; seconds 12c
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts •
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream. 9c; choice.
Sc; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9\4c-
Eastern, full cream, 15®16J4c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch — Selected White, 13Wc
mixed colors, 12^c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 12%c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds. .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy. : standard.
; Eastern fancy. ; standard. ; sec
ends, — . -' ". ¦¦.*
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
There Is no decline in Poultry, as receipts
continue light and the demand good. Game
continues dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11912c for Gob
blers and 12014c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@2; Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks. $4 50^6 for
old and JS®') 50 for young: Hens. lo'gS 50;
young Roosters. J7@8 50; old Roosters. $5@5 50:
Fryers. J6@« 50; Broilers. J5<36 for large and
?3 o0%it jQ for small; Pigeons. $1 75©2 per
dozen for old and $2 5C@3 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3: White Geese. $19
1 25; Brant. $1 £0©l 75 for small and « fr.r
Inrge; Honkers. J3ig« sn; English Snip* J-1 TA:
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Hare, $1; Rabbits. $1 25
©1 sG tor Cottontail and 7Scfc$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Early Rose. S5cift$l: Burbanks.
"5@50c for River and 60iJ?90c for Oregon: Gar
net Chiles from Oregon, 80®9Oc; Sweets, 60@75c
for Merced; New Potatoes. l@3c per lb.
ONIONS— $2@3 per ctl: Cut Onions. TSCffSl 50
per sack; Australians. {3 5004; Green Onions,
23@4Cc Der box.
VEGETABLES-Rhubaxb. 60ci8tt 50 per box;
Asparagus; $1 75@2 25 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 60c@*l for No. 2; Green
Peas. 2S2%o for Bay: String Beans. 6®10c:
Cabbage. 65c@$l; Tomatoes. Los Angeles. 75c©
$160 per crate; from Mexico, $123@15O per
crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles. 12tfc per lb:
Green Peppers. Los Angeles. 8@10c per lb for
Chile and 12Hc for Bell; E>rted Peppers, 12®
lsc: Dry Okra. 25c per lb: Carrots. 25035c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@$l 60 per dozen:
Summer Squash. $125 per box; Garlic. 2*i@3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20®30 per ton;
Mushrooms, SQloc per lb.
Receipts were 2146 boxes Asparagus, 662 boxes
Rhubarb. 473 sacks Bay Peas and 180 sacks New
Potatoes.
Receipts of Asparagus were the heaviest yet.
but a good demand for local account and ship
ment keep3 the market from breaking. Rhubarb
and Peas are about as before quoted. Southern
Vegetables are not much in evidence now.
The canners bought No. 2 Asparagus at 75c.
Mexican Tomatoes are cleaning up.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.-
Potatoes and Onions show no further change
worthy of note. The former are steady and the
latter firm with llsht stocics.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $J5"ti3: Canary. 3H®
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7H@Sttc for Califor
nia and 9fi9%c for Utah; Rape. 2@2}4c; Hemp.
3Hc: Timothy. 6Hc
I>RIED PEAS— Nlles, J2@2 50; Green. $2 70®
3 per ctl: Blackeye, nominal.
tons of whlt« Beans, has . again surprised the
street • by taking at least 100 tons. This con
sumes : about one-third of present stocks . of
whites -and renders the market very firm. Col
ored Beans continue weak, especially Pink.
which are reported offerlns freely at conces
sions from the quotations below, though those
dealers who ar" carrying large stocks are hold-
Ing: on like grim death to keep the market from
break Ins-
BEANS— Bayos. J2 50*g2 65: Small White. $4 65
©4 80; Large White, $4® 4 25; Pink, $1850210:
lied. $3133 23: Blackeye, $3fe3 23; Limas. $5 75®
5 SO; Pea,, nominal; Hed Kidney, |J 75S4 pel
ctl.
market was fairly active; creameries. 15@21c
dairies, - llS18c. - Cheese, active, 10H©ll%c.
Eggs, dull; fresh. , ll*ic. «
Flour, qr sks.... 5.713 Hay. tons $30
Wheat, ctls 4.350 Wool, bales 37
Barley, ctls 4.450 Lime, bbls 27J
Oats, ctls 3.00C Pelt». bdls 121
.Corn, ctls 1,255 Hides. No 542
Rye. ctls 250 Leather, rolls ... 71
Beans, sks 9S Wine, gals 52 TV)
Potatoes, sks 2.127 .Quicksilver, risks "<i
Onions, sks 559 Tallow, ctls .... 2^0
Middlings, sks .. 43 1
EASTERN.
Oats, ctls 3.CO0[
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH 21
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, «.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Cran
ulated. 5.65c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c; Extra C
5.05c: Golden C, 4.95c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5Cc more; 50-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos. half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes. 6. :5c per lb.
Harrison's circular says: "During the w»ek
there have been four arrivals of coal from
British Columbia, 9.W3 tons; two from Wash
ington, 8300 tons; two from Oregon, 570 tons;
four from Australia, 12,804 tons; total. 31.333
tons." The deliveries are somewhat less than
khe- quantity consumed, but the generou3 ar
rivals of last week win make good the de
ficiency. Prices are unchanged, and business
for steam grades Is fair, but there is a marked
shrinkage in the demand for domestic uses.
as the Incoming spring weather is declaring
Itself, which means little or no fuel for grates.
But few vessels are being added to the load-
Ing list in foreign ports, showing very clear
ly that the delivery cost of Australian and
English coata will rule so high that within a
year their offerings will be the exception,
not the rule. There Is no branch of com
merce that has been so seriously modified lo
cally within the past twelve months as coal:
this ha» been brought about entirely by the
discoveries of fuel oil in several counties of
our State. If the reports emanating from tha
newspapers and interested promoters could bo
verified, the oil output would be double our
requirements, but actual facts will prove
that facts and figures are about as one Is to
four. The colliery proprietors In British Co
lumbia and Washington fully realize their po
sition, and are acting cautiously In not forc
ing shipments."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags:
COAL. — Wellington. $3 per ton; Southflelrl
Wellington. J3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coo*
L'ay, Jo 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. J3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 t n
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthraclre Egg. $14 : Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
J17 In sacks;. Rocky Mountain descriptions
I* 45 per 2000 pounds and JS iO per ton, accord
ing to brand.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 7c: spot. t'iQ
7c: local make. He less than Calcutta* • Wool
Bags. 3O@34c; Fleece Twine. "H@3c.
General Merchandise.
Receipts of Hogs do not Increase and th«
market continues firm. Mutton ' and Lamb
continue easy at the recent decline.
JBKKr "— T'o»c tor steers and btj7Wc P«r lb for
cows.
VEAlr-Large. 78Sc; tmall. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SH®3e; Ewea. S-SSHe per
pound.
I>AMTt— Fprtng. lOigile per pound.
PORK— Live Hojs, 130 lbs and under. t%c.
180 to 223 lbs, 6iic: 25 and over. «0«fcc;
feeders. : dressed Hogs. 8H©3Hc
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mendoclno. 11013c: Mlddls County and North-4
ern. %S9c; San Joaqutn. 7QSC.
HOPS— 15©20c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SATURDAY; MARCH 23, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
steady at 2*4(5214 per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 3%@4«i per cent. Sterling exchange
tP&j .^i t c. a S tuaJ b «s!ness in bankers' bills at
*4 S7T 8 ©4 S8 for demand and ' $4 84% for sixty
Km" 8 ' «* P <££^5 rates. $4 S5}4&4 89. CommerclJl
bills. $4 S3%@4 84«i. Silver certificates, t2®63c.
Bar silver. 60Uc. Mexican dollars. 49c.
Bonds— Government, steady; State, Inactive;
railroad, irregular.
Canadian failures number 41 as against 28
!?«» eek ' ' 23 ' 'n this week a year ago, 33 in
1899, 29 In 1898 and 40 In 1S97.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 146,628.100 bushels, against 144,220.301
last season, and: 1S0.P75.5O2 bushels in 1898-9.
Failures • for the week In the United States
number 231 as against 207 last week. 192 in -this
week a year ago, 182 in 1899, 215 in 189S and
Returns from ¦ sample orders of shoes - are
coming In In good numbers at Boston and help
to dispel whatever uncertainty may have > ex
isted among- manufacturers as. to the outlook.
Shipments are increasing, those for this week
exceeding last week and a year ago though
still nearly 10 per cent below a year ago for
the season. . Heavy . leathers are ¦ fh good de
mand at all markets and light weights, though
qt U?£ er> are not accumulating.
wheat, including flour, shipments. . for. the
!"£*)* aggregate 3.25fi.644 bushels, against 4.
693.939 bushels last week; 2.903,435 bushels In
the week of 1900, and 3,746,761
bushels in 1S99 •
and a fractional gain ' is noted after the late
marked decline.
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
Brad street's Financial Review.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
Thl«
I Last
4 >
ire &
Season.
. Season.
o.:s
?0.42
22.17
43.12
I 19.07
li.it
IT M
IS. 79
I li.'.
- r«
io.:s
7.C8
:.«
27. €2
I l *"**
s.r<
Thl«
I Last
4 >
ire &
Season.
. Season.
o.:s
?0.42
22.17
43.12
I 19.07
li.it
IT M
IS. 79
I li.'.
- r«
io.:s
7.C8
:.«
27. €2
I l *"**
s.r<Professor G: .A. Shurtleff, Professor Rob
ert A. McLean, Professor Benjamin R.
Swan. Professor George H. Powers, Pro
fenscr William • Watt Kerr, Professor
Douglass TV. Montgomery. ¦ Professor Wash
ington Dodge, Professor John M. Wil
liamson,' Professor John W. Robertson, Profes
sor Harry M. Sherman, Professor Alonzo B.
Taylor. Professor William E. Hopkins, Pro
fessor George . F. Shlels, . Prof essor Charles A.
von HoffmtLn,\ Professor TV. B. Lewitt. Pro
fessor Franklin . T. Green, Professor Thomas
W. Huntlngton, Leo Newmark, Herbert C.
Moffltt, J. Henry Barbat, Richard M. H.
Berndt, William J. Hawkins, James F. Mc-
Ccne, Thomas B. TV. Leland, Philip M. Jones,.
James TV. Byrne,' TV. G. Stafford. L. P. Latl
rner. Willis E. Davis, Henry Heyman, Robert
H. Fletcher, -J. R. Martin, Miss Evelyn Mc-
Comxlck, Mios Helen Hyde, Newton J. Tharp,
Robert H. Fletcher, Aaron Altman. Joseph
Greenbaum, "William G. Stafford, Arthur F.
Mathews, John* A. Stanton, Douglas Tilden,
Profeaeor Raymond D. Yelland, Professor Rob
ert H'. Fletcher, Professor C. Chapel Judson,
Professor Alice B. Chittenden, Harry E. Al
demon.
Hon. William H. Beatty.' Thomas I.- Berpln,
Oliver P. Evans, Thomas B. Bishop, Hon.
Ralph C. Harrison, C. F. Dlo Hastings, Robert
Y Hayne. Henry S. Foote. W. W. Cope, Pro
fessor Edward R. Taylor, Professor Warren
Olnoy.Jr., Professor William B. Bosley, Leon
ard Stone. ...
C. C, Judson, Mr. and Mrs. Henry W. O'Me!
veny. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dunn. T. A. Pei
kins, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Whitworth, F T<
Dam. William Denman, Mrs. Welcker. Albei
Plssis, Raphael Weill, James D. Phelan Loul
Sloss, Lewis G«r8tle, Charles R. Bishop, Wll
Ham Babcock. W.. B. Bourne, Levl Straus;
Hon. Horace Davis, Jacob gtern, F. W. Zell<
J. J. Dwyer. •.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRY.
' v Mr. and Mrs. James ; S. Bunnell, - Mr. and
Mrs. W. . L. \ Duff, Mr. and Mrs. Anson Stiles
Blake, Mrs:" Charles: Blake. Mr. and Mrs.
Clinton Day/ Mr.- and iMrs." TVhltney -. Palacho.
Mr and Mrs. John L. X. i Shepard. : Mr. and
Mrs. M. J. ' McMichael.' Mr. "and ' Mrs," A. «A,-
Pennoyer, Judge : and : Mrs. John ¦ Garber, Mr.
and Mrs. William Keith, Mrs. A. V. Hatha
way.". Mrs.* Ramon .-.Wilson, , Mr. \ . and - Mrs."
Frederic L. : Burk. Rev. - Thomas Lyman "Ran
dolph. :-'i Bishop and Mrs. Nichols, Colonel
George W. . Bauer, , General :¦ N.- P. ¦ Chlpman,
Mr; and Mrs. . William H. Mills, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry ; J. ; Crocker, Mr. • Reuben H. Lloyd. ;
-" Mr. " and 1 Mrs. TV. . . 'A; ' : Brewer, ! Charles ¦ S
Greene, ' Georare ¦ Edwards. ; Miss ' Emma : Hefty
H.'jM. Simmons, Dr. John F. McCone, Dr. • L
% on Orden, Dr. J. D. : Hodjjen, Gaston - E.
Bacon. • Maxwell McNutt, : L. de 'i F.y Bartlett.
¦> "•'¦¦¦¦*" >'•.¦¦ ¦ , . . . . ..
Mr. W. T. Skllllng, Professor and Mrs. F.
Slate, Mr. F. J. Snow, Professor and Mrs. F.
Soule. Professor and Mrs. G. II. Stratton.
Prof essor - and Mrs. I. Strlngham, Mr. J,' H.
Btutt, Mr. J. Button, Professor and Mrs. L. D.
Syle . Dr. and Mrs. . S. D. .Townloy," Professor
and ¦ Mrs. J. Voorsanger, .Professor i H. Dell.
W'aite Dr. a. B.' Wakemaa. President • and
Mrs. ' B. I. "Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs. A, TV.
TVhltney, Professor • and Mrs. E. J. . TVlckson,
Dr. E. J. Wllczynskl, Mr. and Mrs. D. Win
ter, Mr. and Mrs. G. T. Wlnterbucri, Profes
sor and ' Mrs. C. TV. . Woodworth, Mr. TV. - J.
TVythe, Mr. a. J. Young. >
Mr. • and • Mrs. Horatio • P. Uvermore, Mr.
and Mrs. James Denman, Miss J. R. Eapran,
Mr.' and Mrs. A. F. Morrison, Mr. and Mra.
E. O. MeCormlck, Mr. and Mrs. Jasper. Mc-
Donald I Mr. - and . Mrs. Lovell White, - Mr.- and
Mrs. Timothy. Hopkins. -Mr. ' and Mrs. Charles
P . Eells, Mr. Orln Peck; Miss Marlon Ransotri,
Mrs. Mary W. Klncald, Miss Caroline C.
Jackson, Mrs. Conrad Prae, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank H. Powers, Mr. and Mrs. Whltelaw
Reid, Mr. D. O. Mills. Miss K. A. Bulkley,
Mrs.' Emma - Shatter Howard, ¦ Mr. and Mrs.
William R. Davis. Mr. and Mrs. John J. Val
entine, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Olney, Mr. and
Mrs.. P.- J. Van Loben Sels, Mr.- and .Mrs.
John • C; Lynch, Miss Mary Snell." Mr. .and
Mrs ¦ G D. Metcalf , Miss Brockway, ' Mrs. TV.
E. -Hall. '"''¦*a?S3*^^K<*^^^i^i«*aB^&BH
Mr. J. N. Le Conte. . Dr. and Mrs. D. N.
Lehmer, Professor and Mrs. A. Q. Leuschner,
Professor P. Lewis, Mr. I. M. Llnforth, Pro
fessor R. H. Loughrldge, Mr. TV. A, Lynn,
Professor and Mr3. W. E. Magee, Professor
M; L. .Margolls, Mr. and Mrs. B. R. Maybeck,
Mr. McKowen. Professor Elwood Mead. Pro
fessor and Mrs. J. C. Merriam, Professor and'
Mrs W. A. Merrill, Professor and Mrs. A. C.
Miller. Dr. and Mrs. -W. P. Montague, Dr.
and Mrs. E. C. Moore, Mr. "W. S. Morley, Mr.
J. D. Mortimer, Dr. and Mrs. H. C. Nuttfng.
Mr. P. O. 1 Nutting, Professor E. , O'Neill, Dr.
and Mrs. W. J. V. Osterhout, Professor and Mrs.
T W. Page, Professor, and Mrs. F. V. Pag«t,
Mr. R. S. Phelps, Mr, and Mrs. XV, H. Phlpps,
Mr. A. M. dal Plaz, Mr. and Mrs. A. B.
Pierce. Dr. and 'Mrs. C. . Price, Professor and
Mrs. " A. Putzker. s Professor and • Mrs. H. I.
Randall Professor "W. J- Raymond. Dr. O. F.
Relnhardt, Prof esoor and Mrs. L. J. . Rlchard
eon Professor and Mrs. XV. B. Rising-, Pro
fessor and Mrs. W. E. Rltter, Mr. J. A. Rqw
ell, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. : Rowell. Professor T.
F. Sanford. Professor and Mrs. J. H. Sangrer.
Professor TV. A. Betchell, Mr. and Mrs. C. II.
Shlnn.
Mrs. D. T. Fowler, Professor and Mrs. J.
Fryer, Mr. N. L. Gardner, Professor and Mrs.
C. M. Qayley, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Gray Jr..
Mr. and Mrs.. E. E. Hall. Professor M. W.
Haskell, Mr. T. L. Heaton, Mr. V. H. Hen
derson, Professor and Mrs. L. T» HenjrsUer,
Mr. J. J. Herr, Professor and Mrs. E. A.
Hwsam, Professor F. G. Hesse, Professor and
Mrs. E. W. Hllgard. Miss Hobe. Dr. and Mrs.
H. M. Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Howard.
Mr. John Galen Howard, Professor and Mrs.
O. H. Howison, Mr. L. E. Hunt, Mr. L.
Hutchlnson, Mr. A. Incell, Professor and Mrs.
M. E. Jaffa, Professor W. L. Jepson, Profes
sor and Mrs. M. KellOBtr. Mr. C. R. Keyes,
Professor, and Mrs. Kofoed, Professor and Mrs.
H. Kower. Mr. Y, Kuno. Professor and Mrs.
A. C. Lawson, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Layman. .
PRESIDENTS OF TALE AND CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITIES, WHO. AT THE
RECEPTION TENDERED PROFESSOR HADLEY, STOOD SIDE BY SIDE,
EACH RECEIVING EQUAL HONORS FROM THE GATHERING.
TITOMTMNE HIVER AT LA GRANGE.
KINGS IUYER AT HED MOUNTAIN
HORSE FALL8 ON POLICEMAN'.— Charlf*
f haw. a mounted patrolmtn. had his left leg
broken reetetdajr by his horse falling upon
fc'm.
Woman-Beater Heavily Punished.
Thomas Antonio got a surprise in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday. He was ar
rested for brutally beating Annie Demar
tint. a -woman with whom he lived at 9
Jaeper place, •while he was under the In
fluence of liquor Thursday night. The
woman appeared In court with her face
badly swollen and discolored. The Judge
convicted Antonio and scntonced him to
*i-c months in the County. Jail" for bat
tery and a like term for drunkenness.
Mr. F. H. Bartlett, "Mr. . and Mrs. F. T.
Bioletti. Dr. and Mrs. E. M. Blake. Mr. W
C. Blasdale, Mr. and Mrs. .G.; H. Boke. Miss
F. S. Bonte, Mr. and Mrs. --Kdward Booth,
Professor and. Mrs. C. B. - Bradley, Professor
and Mrs. E. E. Brown, Mr. F. C. Calkins, Mr '
Martin Centner, Mr. S. A. Chambers. Mr. . A.
E. Chandler. Mr. and Mrs. 'Warren ; Cheney,
Mr. v and Mrs L. -P.. Chesebrouith. Professor
f.nd Mrs. -S. B. Christy. Professor and Mrs E.
B. , Clapp, Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Colby, ¦ Mr. ¦ H.
N. Cooper, Professor C. L. Cory, Mr. < D/ U.
Curtiss, Dr. A. A. d' Ancona,' Prof e«sor and
Governor and Mrs. Henry T. ' Gage,
Hon. Jacob H. Neff, ".Hon.- and Mrs. Cor
nelius W. Pendleton, Hon. , and Mrs. T. J.
Kirk, Hon. A. B. Spreckels. Hon. and Mrs.
William T. Wallace,. Mr. and Mrs. IsaUs WI1-,
Ham H.llman, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Rodgers,
Mr. and Mrs. James Franklin Houghton. Dr
Chester Rowell and Miss Rowell, . Hon. and
Mrs. James A. Waymire, Mr. and Mrs, A.
W. Foster, Hon. and Mrs. Charles William
Slack, Mr.- Jacob Bert Reinsteln, Mr." and Mrs
John Eliot Kudd. Mrs. Phebe A. ¦ Hearst. Hon
and Mrs. W. H. L. Barnes, Dr. and Mrs.
George C. Pardee. .
Those WhoW«re Present.
Among the invited guests were the fol
lowing: • -.*-¦¦-
The decorations were simple, yet beau
tiful. They consisted entirely of potted
plants arranged artistically. The recep
tion proper was held Jn j the main . hall.
Down stairs tables were spread and light
refreshments served. Ssg^iuL^sSSSSr- ¦¦
President Hadley had the pleasure of
shaking- bands with several alumni of his
own university. Among those with whom
he renewed old acquaintance were Pro
fessor Martin Kellogg, Professor T. F.
fc" an ford and E. S. Fowler. ¦ '¦%¦
President and Mrs. Hadley and Presi
dent and Mrs. Wheeler stood at the south
side of tho hall and received the gueeta.
Mre. Wheeler was assisted in the recep
tion by Mrs. Frederick Slate, Mrs.
George H. Howison, Miss Amy Hllgard,
Mrs. Anson Blake and Mrs. Charles W.
Slack.
President "Wheeler presented the mem
bers of his faculty as they entered the
reception-room, Dr. Hadley shaking hands
and chatting cordially with each. •
The gathering was particularly repre
sentative. Society folk from the bay cit
ies, business men, members of the Board
of Regents and the faculty, alumni and
students were present. The affair lasted
from 4 until 6 o'clock.
Gathering Was Representative.
Wheeler, representing the Golden State':
seat of learning, stood together whll
throngs of university people came am
•went, doing equal honor to both.
Following U a statement of the estimated
flow cf certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
pQuallng 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The fleiires are
from J. B. Lipplncott, hydrogxapher of the
United Spates Geological Survey:
FIjOW OF BIVEKS.
BERLIN. March 22.— The Halle Zeitungr
calls attention to the operations of a new
Mqrmon mission at Erfurt and protests
against them.
Germans Oppose Mormons.
"WASHINGTON', March 22.— As a result
of the Cabinet meeting to-day the Post
master General will issue an order estab
lishing the domestic rate of postage be
tween \)ie United States and Cuba, the
order to take effect on April 1.
Domestic Postage to Cuba.
KEY WEST. Fla., March 22.-The Aus
trian steamer Styria, •which sailed from
New Orleans on March 17 with a carj?o of
cotton, staves, etc., for Trieste, via Ne-vr
port News, went on the rocks at French
Reef, forty miles south of Miami, Fla.,
>fsterday. The vessel is reported to be
biltred in. "Wreckers have grone to the as
sistance of the vessel.
Austrian Steamer on Rocks.
Charles L. Anderson, the millionaire
Klondikcr, not satisfied with petting out
a -warrant Thursday in Judge Conlan's
court for the arrept of his ex-brother-in
law, "OaptaJn" Morgan." en a charge of
petty larceny for the alleged stealing of
b revolver from his m-idenee, 721 Ash
bury Ftreet. secured a -warrant yesterday
for Morgan's arrest on a charpe of burg
lary. Morpan has not yet- been arrested
on the petty larceny warrant
IQondiker on the 'Warpath-
M. T->- Krafts, a jeweler of 1230 Dupont
street, secured a warrant from Judge
Osbaniss yesterday for the arrest of John
Oicovia on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. Krafts alleges that on Mar-ph 13 he
•rave Clcovia two diamonds and a gold
chain which he -was to sell, Clcovia repre
senting 1 that he •wa.«< the owner of a saloon
at -426 TTnlon street. Krafts ascertained
th*t Cicovia p<i]<i out the waloon several
months a«?o. Cirovia has not been seen
by Krafts since he cot the articles, which
are valued at J123 75.
"Wants His Diamonds Back.
John W. Foster Says There. May Be
Competitive Examinations for
Consular Positions.
BERKELEY, March 22.— John XV. Foo
ter delivered the last of his series of lec
tures at the University of California thU
morning. He spoke on the consular ser
vice, giving- a history of its origin and out
lining briefly the duties- of the Consuls.
He said in part:
I am sorry to say that in our country there
Is r.o method by which a man who has fitted
himself for diplomatic or consular service has
the assurance of «"curing a position In that
wr-vlce. At present w* cannot correct the
evil and reform our method"" of government.
It may be that when tho young men of this
university* are ready to enter the eervice there
u-lll be competitive ex-xrainations to -secure
consular positions, but there Is very little
chance of competitive examinations ever en
tering Into the diplomatic service. Appoint
ments now are made through political influ
ence. ¦ '.
POLITICIANS GOVERN
DIPLOMATIC SERVICE
The following named members of the
California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution have been elected as
delegates to the twelfth national congTess
of the order, to be held in Pittsburg on
April 30 and May 1: W. H. Jordan. George
V. Spencer. J. W. Karm inert on. John W.
Moore. V. S. N.; S. C. Mastiek. Xorris K.
Davis. Fayette H. Roed. Byron Mauzy,
W. J. Dutton and G. D. Abbott. The al
ternates are: Giles H. Gray. Dr. Charles
Anderson. T_*. 8. A.; Walter E. Dennison.
Harry F. Gould. G. D. Boardman. Frank
lin H. Day. Miles Etandish. Alex G. Eells,
L«vin L Chase and Dr. R. Cadwalader.
Sons of the Revolution.
Simpson, tackle of the '!>6 and 'P7 univer
sity football teams*, will be the first head
coach cf the Berkeley football squad un
der the new regime, which bars Eastern
roaches and requirfs? both Stanford and
California to employ graduates of the
respective institutior.s for that position. '
Simpson was graduated from the med
ical department of the university with the
class of I*:*. In the fall of that year he
was chosen coach of the Oregon Uni
versity football team and developed an
aggregation of kickers that came near de
feating the '99 California team, the strong
est In the history of the university.
He assisted Coach Kelly in putting the
final touches on last year's team and did
efficient work in developing California's
•weak defense in the line.
Simpson will receive $750 and expenses
for the season's coaching.
Against Stanford.
BERKELEY. March 22.— Frank XV.
Kickers for Their Battle
Chosen to Drill California's Pigskin
SIMPSON WTLL BE THE
FIRST GRADUATE COACH
OAKLAND, March 22.— A." A. Moore
lodged a protest with the City Council
to-night against its continuing the water
rate investigation, upon the ground that
its term of office had expired and that
the new Councilmen-elect were entitled
to their seats.
The protest was made "at the end of a
business session and was the source of
much argument by the various Council
men and Mr. Moore. The attorney for the
Contra Costa Water Company read sec-,
tiens of the charter to show that under
the charter their terms had expired and
that the Councilmen-elect were entitled
to take their seats as soon as they had
received their certificates, taken the oath
of office and filed their bonds.
Several members of the Council took a
contrary view and Assistant City Attor
r.ey Condon gave it as his opinion that
the only point made by Mr. Moore that
might hold was that the provision of the
charter as to when the Council should
take office was so vasrue that the new
Coundlmen might be entitled to office as
soon as they had filed their bonds and
taken the oath. A motion was adopted
that City Attorney Dow furnish the
Council with a written opinion upon thia
point to-morrow evening.
CLAIMS COUKCHiMEN'S
TEEMS HAVE EXPIRED
Attorney Moore Protests Against
Continuing Water Bate Inves
tigation by the City.
It Is Said Prisoner "Will Call Judge
Cook as "Witness at Second
Trial.
A story was circulated yesterday that
-when Mrs. Cordelia Botkin Is placed on
trial again on the charge of having: mur
dered Mrs. John P. Dunning 1 by means of
poisoned candy sent through the mail, she
will endeavor to prove that ehe Is the vic
tim of mistaken identity. On the former
trial it was shown by several witnesses
That Mrs. Botkin had purchased a box of
candy and a handkerchief similar to the
on«r$ pent Mrs. Dunning. It was mainly
on this testimony that a conviction was
secured. According to the ptory now told.
Mrs. Botkin will rely to a great extent
on the testimony given by Superior Judge
Cook, before whom she wa* tried, at the
time an inv-stigatton was made- by the
Sheriff of a charge that she was out on
the street after her conviction and sen-
Tfr.ce to life imprisonment.
Judge Cook was" positive that h* met
h«»r in a car. The jail officials, on the
other hand, denied that she was ever out
«=:d«» the jail except when being taken to
rri;rt. Mrs. Botkin argues that if the
Jrdge before whom she was on trial for
many lonsr and weary necks could mis
take another woman for her, how much
mere easily mistaken could be the wit
nesses who swore to selling her the candy
and handkerchief.
Attorney C J. Heg-g-erty. -who was asso
ciated with George A. Knight in the de
fer.se of Mrs. Botkin on the first trial,
raid last night that the value of Judge
<:ook's testimony had never been dis
cussed.
"I do not know how the story got Into
circulation." said he, "and I would rather
not discuss it. In the flrst place I do not
think that the testimony suggested would
be permissible. Judge Cook only claims
that he saw Mrs. Botkin in a car after
the trial. Now, that has nothing to do
with the case. It Is not improbable that
we will withdraw from the defense before
the next trial, as we are now overrun with
other busine?;?."
Judge Cook briefly discussed the matter
by saying that if he was called as a wit
ness he would testify that he was not mis-
Taken when he said he met Mrs. Botkin
In the car.
District Attorney Bylnsrton has request
ed Attorney General Ford to communicate
¦with the Attorney General of Delaware
«nd ask his assistant in hnving *v1*ness«
who live In that State present at the sec- i
ond Trial. The court has no Jurisdiction
to compel their attendance, and if they
ccme here it must be voluntarily.
HXW STOBY COMES UP
IK" BOTBUr MTTBJDES CASE
The Union Iron "Works haa declCed to
Fubstltute oil for coal as fuel, and with
this end In view has contracted for a
Three yeara' supply of the Suid product.
It is estimated that IOO.OoO barrels of oil a
year will be required. The engineer force
of the Union Iron Works will make the
necessary alterations in the furnaces pre
liminary to the substitution.
The decision of the Union Iron "Works
management to use oil for fuel Is not a
sudden impulse, but the- result of a thor
ough investigation into the merits of the
new fuel. It was found that It waa not
only superior to coal in cleanliness, heat
produclr.g qualities and economy of labor
but possessed ether great advantages that
would actually mean a saving of at least
$75,000 a year In the cost of power.
This action on the part of the Union
Iron "Works is regarded as Important by
the oil men. It means furthermore that
the bondage of California to the coal dic
tators of Canada has ended forever.
Contract 3>t for Three Years' Supply
of Liquid Fluid for tho Big
Ship Building
Plant.
Petroleum to Be Used, for
Fuel at Union Iron
Works.
WILL SUBSTITUTE
OIL FOR COAL
It is given out on good authority that
the Superior Courts will throw out the
report, the indictments and aJL The Dis
trict Attorney intimates . that if this be
done proceedings will be begun against
Holland and the others by information.
The jurors whose-" standing is attacked
ar« \V. A. Spalding-, whose name appears
on the roll as representing heirs, and
Joseph Mesmer, whose name appears aa
a "guardian." The other member is Col
onel I; H. Polk, whose name Is on the
roll, but the property scheduled to him
has been sold several times for taxes and
has not been redeemed.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.— It Is assert
ed on positive authority at the Court
faguse that the report Of tho Grand JuryV
which was filed yesierday, und In which
nearly every county officer was censured,
will be thrown out on the ground that
two and possibly three of the members
were disqualified, their names not being
on the assessment roll. If this be done
It will end for the time being the effort
to remove from office Coroner Holland,
as well as .the prosecution of John XV.
Vaughn, the druggist, who has been in
dicted for irregularities in furnishing
drugs to the county, and several smaller
offenders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Because Their Names Are Not on tlio
Assessment Boll all Indict
ments "Will Bs Thrown
Out.
WORK OF GRAND
JURY IS FUTILE
Standing of Three Los An
geles Inquisitors Open
to Attack.
ERKELEY, March 22.— The Uni
versity of California extended of
ficial greeting to the distinguished
president of Tale University to
'day. For several hours this aft
ernoon Dr. Arthur T. Hadley, head of the
New Haven institution, and Benjamin Ide
f ¦ ' ' ' ¦ • '
Mrs." G. ' Davidson, Mr. ¦ and Mrs. '. J. . B. Davy,
Mr.: C de Lisle, Professor and Mrs. F. B.
Dressier, Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Drew, Dr. and
Mrs. A. S. Eakle, Professor and Mrs. G. C.
Edwards, Mr. F. F. Ellis, Mr. G. E. Fau
cheux. Dr. W. S. Ferguson. - Professor I.
Flaesr, Mr. M. C. Flaherty, Mr. and Mrs. W.
N. Fong.
Miss Anna Fossler, Mr. C. Fowler, Mr. and
Representative Gathering Honors Distinguished Guest,
Regents, Faculty, Alumni, Students, Society and the
Business World Being Represented at Official Reception
CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY GREETS
PRESIDENT A. T. HADLEY OF YALE
SAYS CHANLER
IS IN EUROPE
Detective Satisfied Million
air© Asylum Patient
Went Abroad.
Rumor That His Former Wifa,
Amelie Rives, Will Join THm
and Look After His
Health,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WHITE PLAINS, N. Y., March 23.— It
is now firmly believed ' that John Arm
strong Chanler', the millionaire and form
er husband of Amelle Rives, now Princess
Troubetskoy, who escaped from Bloom
lngdale Asylum at White Plains on
Thanksgiving day last, sailed for Europe
shortly after his escape. Superintendent
Lyons', of Bloomingdale said to-day that
he had not heard from Chanler since tfie
day of his escape.
From a reliable source It was learned
that the millionaire has wealthy frienQ*
in Europe and that on the day he disap
peared he mailed a letter to London. A
detective, who has been looking for Chaii
ler, says he. Is sure he went to Europe
in order to get out of the clutches of tho
asylum authorities and the friends who
are anxious to keep him in the institution.
Princess Troubetskoy, who has almost
fully recovered from a nervous disease.
Is living at her country retreat at Rich
mond, Va_ It is reported that she ex
pects' to leave next month for Europe,
where she will spend the remainder of
the year. ¦ According to press dispatches
she Intends to resume her literary labors
In some European city, but some of Char
ter's friends are of the opinion that she
may be going to meet him and look after
his health. At the asylum it . is stated
Chanler frequently talked about his di
vorced wife and told one of the attend
ants only a short time before he ran
away that he hoped a reconciliation
might - be - effected. He spoke about a
desire of taking a trip to Paris.
HOSPITAL ANHEX
FOB THE SCHOOLS
For Treatment of Pupils
Who May Be Hurt or
Taken Sick.
Rooms to Be Set Aside Will Be Pro
vided With Red Cross Out
fits and Steamer
Chairs.
* ALAMBDA, March 22.— A hospital annex
for each of the five schools of Alamed*
is the latest move In the line of progres3
for the educational department of the city.
The Board of Education has decided to
set aside a room at a convenient plactt
In the school buildings wherein will bo
placed Red Cross emergency outfits and
steamer chairs for .the relief of pupln
who may be hurt or taken suddenly til.
"It is only once In a great while that
we have an accident of any consequence
in the schools," said Superintendent of.
Schools Charles E. Hughes, who advo
cates the hospitals, "but these emergency
outfits are good things to have around.
We ican never tell what Is going to hap
pen next. A boy may fall downstairs or
from a tree or run against another in tha
yard. If he srets cu: or stunned he can
be taken to the annex and bandaged up
or revived. It does not do to tak« chil
dren home to their mothers when they are
hurt and bleeding because It unnecessarily
alarms them. There waa the case of a boy
in' the' Haight School the other day who
was cut up a little by being struck with
something. When he was taken home his
mother became frantic and laid the blama
for the accident upon the school authori
ties. If the boy had been treated and then,
sent home it would have been all right.
"But most of- the cases we have to deal
with in the schools arts those of teachers
or girls who faint or become suddenly ill.
For these the steamer chair will be Just
the thing. They can rest In it until they
become strong enough to go home or re
sume their work. As it Is now there Is no
place to put such patients."
The Red Cross emergency outfit consists
of bandages and one or two stimulating;
medicines. The bandages are antiseptic,
so that no bad results are likely to fol
low the binding of a wound, as might ba
the case if a handkerchief was used..
PAVING OF VALENCIA
STREET IS DISCUSSED
Members of Various Improvement
Clubs Decide to Petition the
Board of Supervisors.
A meeting of delegates from the Cycl»
Board of Trade, the Municipal League,
Improvement Association, Federation of
Mission Improvement Clubs. Merchants'
Association • and the various other Im
provement clubs throughout the city was
held last night in the Parrott building.
The object of the meeting was the dis
cussion of ways and mean3 to secure the
pavement of Valencia street.
Considerable talk was Indulged in by
prominent members of the different clubs,
with the result that the body adopted a
resolution "requesting the Board .of Su
pervisors to appropriate sufficient money
tp defray the expense of paving Valencia
and aiarket streets west of the present
bitumen pavement with a smooth, dura
ble pavement.- and the aum necessary b«
included In this year's budget."
The meeting also decided to distribute!
a petition to the" Board of Supervisors for
the signatures of residents In that part of
the citT.
BERKELEY REPUBLICANS
TO OPEN CAMPAIGN
rirst Meeting Will Be Held in Lorin
Hall, South Berkeley, To-
Night.
BERKELKT, March 22.— The Republi
cans will open the local campaign in Lorin
Hall, South Berkeley, to-morrow night.
Three other rallies will be held In different
parts of the city between now and the
election of Auril 8.
All of the speakers- at to-morrow night's
rally will be local men. Charles Jensen,
president of the South Berkeley Republi
can Club, will be chairman of the evening.
The candidates will be presented and will
deliver short addresses. Principal among
these will be C. K. Thomas, candidate for
Town Clerk; George Pape, candidate for
Marshal; Francis Ferrler, candidate for
Assessor, and C. R. Lord, . candidate for
Treasurer. A. W. - Atherton, one of the
City Central Commltteemen, will deliver
the main address of the evening.
The following named have been ap
pointed a reception committee at the hall:
Louis Haws, A. T. Green, "W. C. Moran,
Charles Flnnie and L. S. Rodgers. The
University band will furnish the music.
Those who will act as vice presidents are:
A. T. Sutherland, E. C. Higginson, Phillip
Sheridan, Richard Jones, Dr. D. ' McMil
lan, Dr. H. N. Rowell, E. C. Nichols,
George Schmidt, George Wright, George
Waterbury, J. S. Crew. F. G. Thomas. A.
G. Coombs, D. Cornelius and H. C. Bar
row. ¦
So far the Non-Partisan Taxpayers have
been conducting a very quiet compaign. It
is not their purpose to hold rallies, but to
canvass the town by means of circulars.
Most of their work will be done during
tho last week of the campaign.
Cassinelli Regains Consciousness.
Victor Cassirtelli. the crippled teamster,
who was struck on the bead with a scant
ling by James Arata at 309 Washington
street Thursday and suffered a fracturo
of his skull, recovered consciousness yes
terday at the Receiving Hospital. Arata
was taken to the hospital to be identified,
and when CassinelH/*aw him he held out
his hand and It war grasped by Arata.
Cassinelll refused to make an ante-mor
tem statement, 33 he did not believe he
was going to die. but' he made a state
ment corroborating the one made by
Arata when arrested Thursday. The phy
sicians at the hospital do not think that
Cassinelll can live. Arata is still de
tained. In "the tanks." '-'.?:'">
Had Adulterated Milk.
P. Parentl.'a dairyman, was arrested at
an early hour yesterday morning by Po
liceman Butterworth and booked on a
charge of having adulterated milk in his
possession. He appeared in Judge Ca
baniss* court yesterday and the case was
continued. John JLapachet. a driver for
the Redwood milk farm, was also arrest
ed yesterday morning by Inspector Gin
rey of the Health Department and booked
on a -similar charge. Thirty-nine gallons
of milk in his -wagon was dumped into
the street. He appeared before Judge
Fritz. His case was also continued.
Street Work Ordered.
The Board of Public "Works yesterday
authorized the laying of granite curbs and
bituminous rock sidewalks on the corner
of. Sixteenth and Landers streets and an
artificial stone> sidewalk oh the corner of
Seventh and Harrison streets. An exten
sion of sixty days was recommended to
the City Street Improvement Company on
their contract to construct sewers In An
dover avenue between Ellert street and
Crescent avenue and In Cresent avenue
between Andover and Nevada avenues;
and also on the work- of bltumlnlzJrs Thir
tieth street, between Dolores and Chenery.
Sorry He Was Arrested.
Andrew Pierson, an Oakland Jeweler,
was arrested yesterday morning whll>»
coming out of a lottery place at 709 Sac
ramento street on suspicion of having lot
tery tickets in his possession. When
searched at the City Prison several tick
ets were found in his pockets and araon?
them were three which entitled him to
prizes aggregating $2500. He begged for
them, but they were kept as evidence*
against him. He was released on $60 cash
bail. He says ho will make every effort
to recover the tickets so he can collect his
prizes. . . " •
Stole Carpenters' Tools.
Albert Fisher was booked by Detectives
Ryan andO'Dea yesterday on two charges
of burglary. He is accused of breaking
Into carpenters" shops at 520 Pine street
and . 212 Leidesdorff street and stealing
topis, which, it Is said, he sold. .
Filed Court's Decrees.
OAKLAND, March 22.— Henry. Rogers,
as trustee of the Merritt estate under the
will of the late Catherine Garcelon, has
filed for record certified copies of the de
cree of the United- Slates Circuit Court
in favor of Bowdoin College against the
Merritt heirs and of the denial by the
Supreme Court of the appeal taken from
the Circuit Court's decision.
Charles Lewis Morgan, Edward von Aleluns
Jr.. Henry A. L. Ryfkogel, Professor Joseph
Le Conte. Professor Herbert P. Johnson.
Professor Henry J. Kreutzmann, • Professor
Martin ReKensbureer, Professor Henry L.
Wagner, Professor Louis Bazet, Profeaeor
William Martin, Professor William H. Mays.
Professor A. f Miles Taylor, Professor
Goorge W. Merritt, Professor James A.
Black. Profes»or Conrad 'Well, Profes-'
aor J. Wilson Shlels, Professor J. M.
Mouser, Professor Philip Colllschonn, Profes
sor Frank P. .Wilson, Professor John Tlede
mann,' Professor Clark J. Burnham, Professor
Charles G. Levison, Professor Rosamond L.
Cox. Professor F. B.' Eaton, Frederielc A.
Kinne, Victor E. . Putnam. "W. H. KeUo'gtr.
Ccslmir F. Pawllckl. Gilbert M. Barrett. Jo
ceph G. Morrlssey.
Professor William E. Taylor, Professor I*
L. Dunbar, Professor Clark L. Goddard. Pro
fesscr Maurice J. Sullivan. Profesnor A. L.
Lengfeld, Professor John M. ¦Williamson. Pro
fesscr William F. Sharp. Professor Harry P.
Carlton. James G. ¦ Sharp. Harley n. Wiley,
Charles A. Litton. M. J. Sullivan. Benjamin
M. Stlch, Oacar Tobriner. Frederic W. Ham
e'en. William M. Herrinrrton. Charles P. Hau
*elt. Stephen Cleary. Charles D. McGettlgan,
Claries H. Bowman, ' Edmond D. Keef e, Jo
seph A. Jefferey.
G. • E. Baccn, WHliam M. Eearby. E. E.
"White. J. H. Dawson, F. A. Beckett. V.
Echmldt, J. Calvert. E. P. Gates. R. E.' "White
William T. Wenzell, Professor Franklin T.
Green, Professor H. H. Behr Professor J. J.
H. Argenti, Professor C. Hadley Carlson. Pro
cessor H. R. Wiley, Professor Luther W.
Bahney, Professor- J. S. "Warren.
Dr. W. F. McXutt. Dr. Wlnslow Anderson.
J. A. Donohoe, Henry J. CrocKer, Hugh Tevls
F. W. Bkalfe. J. D. Grant.- Major J. L. Rath
*<cnt>. Walter S. Hobart. William F. Eean P.
A. Hyde, 3, Leroy Nickel. W. P.. McNutt.
John C. Klrkpatrlck. Dr. WInslow Anderson.
I-rofessor K. Oliver Steers, Professor S. J.
Fraser. Professor F. F. Knorp, Professor Jo
seph A. "Welsh, Professor William Watt Kerr.
Professor I. Jaeobsen. Professor F. A. Nlef.
r>r. "William W. Campbell. R. H. Tucker Jr.
¦William J. Huasey. Charles D. Perrlne. Rob
ert G. Altken, William H. Wrluht, Edwin F.
foddlngton. R. Tracy Crawford, Harold K.
Palmer. . .
Present Hadley Will Speak.
President Hadley will deliver the annual
charter day address to-morrow morning
in the Harmon gymnasium. , The exer
cises will commence at 10:30 a. m. About
2500 seats have been reserved and tickets
to these distributed to students and
friends of the university. Those not hav
ing tickets will probably not be able to
gain admittance, as the seats occupy the
entire floor. - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1901.
11
Is
I-
c
Seeoi
md Feet.
DATE- *•¦_. f-
WOO.
1901.
-
March 10.
March 11.,
March 12..
March 13..
March 14..
March 15.,
March 15.
1240
1400
1546
1642
17S8
1S34
1920
? 3120
I 2K2
> . 2718
! 2oS4
I 2459
I 2349
I 2346
} Second Feet.
DATE. • h -.
1300. 1501.
March 10..
March 11..
March 12..
March 13..
March 14..
March IS..
March 16..
: ........ 43.600 21.8S0
34.160 23.6S0
.,... 2S.8C0 21, MO
24.800 20,420
I 22,240 1&.560
1 20.420 17.920
IS.S20 17.000
DATE. j-
Second Feet. I ' ¦ .
, JMIiTkCo Total
1900. 1 1901. I Canal. 1901.
March 10
March 11......
March 12......
March 13
March 14
March IS......
March 16......
210* 3S30 10 3840
£aU :;:.m io zm
2514 • 3SW 10 3C00
?719 3343 10 3K5
2719 2100 10 ¦ 3110
2924 SI00 10 3110
' 2324 . •. 2300 10 . 2910 '
Seeoi
md Feet.
DATE- *•¦_. f-
WOO.
1901.
-
March 10.
March 11.,
March 12..
March 13..
March 14..
March 15.,
March 15.
1240
1400
1546
1642
17S8
1S34
1920
? 3120
I 2K2
> . 2718
! 2oS4
I 2459
I 2349
I 2346
} Second Feet.
DATE. • h -.
1300. 1501.
March 10..
March 11..
March 12..
March 13..
March 14..
March IS..
March 16..
: ........ 43.600 21.8S0
34.160 23.6S0
.,... 2S.8C0 21, MO
24.800 20,420
I 22,240 1&.560
1 20.420 17.920
IS.S20 17.000
DATE. j-
Second Feet. I ' ¦ .
, JMIiTkCo Total
1900. 1 1901. I Canal. 1901.
March 10
March 11......
March 12......
March 13
March 14
March IS......
March 16......
210* 3S30 10 3840
£aU :;:.m io zm
2514 • 3SW 10 3C00
?719 3343 10 3K5
2719 2100 10 ¦ 3110
2924 SI00 10 3110
' 2324 . •. 2300 10 . 2910 '
That nervousness and headache go to- "Let me 'add my testimony to the
gether. The worry and cares of business or wonderful curative qualities of Dr. Miles'
home, overwork,' loss of sleep, improper Nervine. After doftoring with several
food— all- tend to irritate the temper, eminent physicians and trying advertised
derange the digestion, weaken the nerves remedies for what was pronounced one
and undermine the health. This tearing \of ..'the most stubborn cases of nervous
down of the life forces must be stopped. prostration, I found a permanent cure in
IThe ebbing tide of health must be Nervine. I believe it to be the greatest
checked, and new energy, new life, new " remedy of the age for'those afflicted as I
*-v- ambition infused into the whole system. . was." John M. Gresham,
(To do this quickly and thoroughly use . 17 E. Pratt St., Indianapolis, I nd.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., RTfthart, lad.
Sold by all druggists on a guarantee.
It adts directly; ph the nervous system, quiets the irritation, rests the tired brain and
restores the wasted tissues as -nothing else can. You should not delay. Get it at once.
13 9
To keep the skin clean
is to v/ash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggisisj all sorts of people use it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1001.
12
•AX FRA5CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE o: The Ban Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets; open
tntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
JOO Hayes etreet; open until 9:J0 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open until »:S0 p. m.
Cli Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. in.
1943 MiFsion Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
r»l Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until i p. m.
:C6 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tnfkv Greets: or*^n until 9 p. m. _
MEETIXC1 NOTICES.
IKTIPENTAIi Lodge No. 22, F. and A» a
M.-THIS <PATURDAT) EVENING.
nt 7:30 o'clock. Third Degree. Master IkJT
Masons cordially invited. ' '
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. <>. jk ft
O. F.— The officers and the funeral \f
committee of the above named encamp-
ment ire hereby nof.fied to assemble +
at Odd Follows* Hall, corner Market and
Seventh st?.. on SUNDAY. March 24. at 1
o'clock p. m.. for '.he purpose of attending
the funeral of our late hrcther and patriarch.
WILLIAM UALKE. By order of the Chief
Patriarch.
CHAS. QUABT. Financial Scribe.
GOLPEN GATE Encarr.pment No. L I. fk >g
r» O. F.. meets THIS (SATURDAY) jf
EVENING. March 23. Royal Purple XX
Degree. All ratrtarch* cordially ln-X" X
vited. F. L. TURPIN, C. P.
HENRY GEORGB. Scribe.
EXCELSIOR J>egre* Lodge No. X <^f§jE&.
I O O. F. — Regular meeting *=#VL5>SS
THI8 (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second decree.
A. K. KINGSFORD. P. M.
THE funeral committee of Ger- j^*H23^
rrjir.'.a. Loi?e No. 115. I. O. O. F.,
is requested to meet SUNDAY.
March 24. at 1:30 a. m.. at Odd "" :
Fellows' Hall, to acoompany the remains of
our late brother. W. BALKE, to their last
resting place. By order of the N. G.
B. ROTGER, Secretary.
MEMBERS of the Master Mariners" -.--j--^^
Association ar* cordially Invited tr J "Jr
attend cur first quarterly social "**£j»
SATURDAY NIGHT, from 8 until '
midnight, at Red Men's Hall, 33) Post st.
A. BERGMAN.
MEETING of Mission Road Improvement Club
takes place SATURDAY EVENING. March
C3. at 42>9 Mipsion st. All property owners In-
vited. Important business. .
BOOSTS Francalse <le Bienfaisance. Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The an-
nual meeting ani election for the baard of
directors for the year 1901-1902 will be held
SUNDAY. March 24. 1S0L at 1:30 o'clock p.
ni..! at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st. N.
B.— No member shall be entitled to vote 'un-
less provided with his book In good Etanfllng.
For the committ"*.
A. JACQ.UEMART. Secretary.
AXM'AL Meeting — The annual meetlnjc of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of tha
company. 527 Market st., San Francleco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 2Eth day of March. 1S0L
et the hocr of 12 m.. for the purpone of
electJnr a beard of directors to serve for
the ensuing year tnd the transaction of
such ether business as may come before ths
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. March JS. 190T at 12 ra. v
W. H. HAXKAM. Secretary.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
Mi* Gilllngrham. spiritual test meeting. S p. m..
10c: sealed quest. 3C5 f>arkin. cor. McAllister.
AGENTS WANTED.
4.
ENERGETIC book canvassers and solicitors
many new books now ready; best terms ever
offered. The J. DEWING CO., Flood build-
ing. San Francisco.
WANTED — Book agents, canvassers and solic-
• iton>; salary or 50 per cent commission: best
chance ever offered. Rooms 12 and 13, 143
Sixth 'st.
EXPERIENCED insurance agents. Call at
room 1C1. 997 Market st.. corner Sixth.
WANTED— Agents In each city; good money.
Pgr<r> r>a?t M. & L. Co.. 460 Sth. Oakland.
ASl'UALTUM KOOn.NG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. USS Mission; tel. Folsom 1807. '
ASTROLOGY.
Scientific teacher of astrolory: horoscopes com-
t :?te.50c &H. Mrs.Dr.Smlth.10074 Market.r.12.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a «pecialty; private;
no fee without success; collections." G. \Y
HOWE, atty at law. t» Market, cor. Stocktn,
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages; e*-
tates; mining: cpen even. E32 Parrott bids.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. !
v\'. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. K7 Mar-
kpt Ft.: or,n«Mltatlf>n free: no fees In advance, i
BISIXESS CHAACES.
A— JCiO— CORNER grocery and barrTent IU; a
fine business and choice location in the Mis-
sion: splendid chow for man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. Kearny st.
A RARE chance— Old-estab. flower store with
nurFny. Including hothouses, boiler, horses.
wagons, plants and trees of all description:
location heart of the city: estab. 8 years; a
first-clays, paying establishment; lease. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT on Sansome et: rent
«£: «rocd "aylng. R. G. WILKE. 2tH Kearny.
A— KCO: BRANCH bakery and stationery; rent
J20; S llvir.sr rooms i dally receipts $li Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A-J1100; DAZAAR, stationery, notions, toys.
t cigars, etc.: etock will Invoice the price; best
«-orner In the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE.
2Ghi Kearny st.
A-J15Q0; CORNER barroom on Third 6t. close
to Call bldg. : an old-estbl. and first-class
psring place; slrknefs of owner only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S% Keany st.
A— T6S0; PLUMBING shop: established many
years and doing a first-class paying business;
rent tI2 50; locaUon be»t; business nreet,
•Western Add. R. O. WILKE. £6V4 Kearny.
A— t:COO; CHOPHOUEE and restaurant on
-r>avls St.; kept by present owner 7 year*; a
first-cla^s paying business. Call. R. G.
WILKE. Zt\j Kearny ft.
A-tl^C; CORNER grocery and bar on Cali-
fornia Et. ; choicest location In this city: good
•raying place: clean stock: good fixtures. Call
R. G. WILKE. 56% Kearny st.
A -C00; STATIONERY store; 2 living rooms;
rer.t 110; pood business for man and wife.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26"4 Kearny st. '
A— tTiO; CORNICR grocery and bar; northern
rart of city; <]eath of owner cause of sale; a
good business for man and wife. Call R G.
\VILKE. 2C4 Kearny et.
tfOO— BOARDING-HOUSE. 24 rooms and bar; 30
good ixMrders; one of the best paving houses
in the city and the greatest bargain «ver of-
f«ed for sale; will clear JliO to $200 per
month: must re-ll this w**k. as the owner has
other buslners to attend to In the country.
BuKinea Itnard of Trade, 236 Pine St.. oppo-
site Kan Francisco St<x:k Exchange.
t4n0-PARTNER; grocery, bar; good chance for
gocrf ran. KREDO & CO.. 8C9 Market st.
JK'^O— HOTEL, with bar: 13 rooms; 20 boarders-
ti^ar S. K. KREDO & CO.. Flood building.
£50- 1 • OTEL. CO ?ooms; clears" $100 monthly:
<heap r*r.t. KREDO & CO.. 809 Market st.'
tlW— CIGAR stand near Mcrlcet: barealn this
day. M-.-LAUCHUX & Co.. 777^4 Market st?
J?<t-PARTNER wanted; wholesale commission
busily? McLAUGHLIN. 777 1 i Market et.
Vf <:iGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
•I** rendy and ic-c-rram stores. 600 restaurants
!»3 rtore* of all klndF: partners wanted
ITiipr with J1CQ up can be suited
WALTER HAYES tc CO.. S3S Market, st .-.
RAKGAIN— $400 will buy the best fitted and
li years' established restaurant: call ouickiy
and take this bargain: has to go- to-day
MNIJIN & CO.. !»6 Market et.
A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer: In
manufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. CO Market st."
A CHANO:-; to «wure that fine large store
n<<w 'ovildlnc at S13 O'Farrcll «t., near Ma-
Bon. Apply i; Grant ave.
HOTEL dining-room to rent, furnished; cen-
«ral location; pood house: rent In board Ar-
lington Ilotrl, Ninth an.d Washington st«
Oakland. Cal.
RESTAURANT m tood location for sale cheapT
rr-nt ?12: owner going to Europe. Apply box
tt>. '"all offlc*.
«AIXX»N. corner grocery and general merchan-
tMf: horse and wagon; owner leaving coast.
133 Hearst ave.. Bunnyside. Price fctfO.
CHOICE corner s:!»cn; good locallcn: ppylns
huvlnesR. Apply Nn. cor. Seventh and Folsom.
SAIvOOX (or fa!e oi polite ferry. Apply 111
Kat=t *t.. north of Market.
JKS — BARGAIN Tor JITS: ''restaurant for *»je.
inciudinj; 4 rooms. furnlsh*>d.' on account of
flcUncss: rent *15. Address 275 Stevenson st.
F1RFT-CI-ASS fMloon and liquor store, cheap
st tSrtO; must tx» sold: owner going East; no
agents. Kox :O." Call. - ...
FOli sale— Goo<! saloon; Market st.; owner goes
if «T»nv?.ry. Artdress O. P.. Jws' 2303, Call.
AN o!d-e<-t»»>ltFhed fruit, fish "and delicacies
f.ore. Agrees C. M. V.*.. Vallejo. Cal.
JUTSTTV'ESS CHAXCES— Contlnneil.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. A F. L. COOPER. Nevada City, Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for e«Je. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
FOR rent— Finest location in Oakland to open
grocery store. LAYMANCE & CO., 4G0 Eighth
St., Oakland.
WANTED— Party with $1000 to $3000; will pay
liberal salary with secured interest in Alas-
kan business. S03 Call building. 8. F.
KCO WILL buy a nice little restaurant and
coffee parlor; rent $15. paid to April 1. Ap-
ply at 704 Polk Et. ¦
FOR SALE— Restaurant: $S50; cheap rent; liv-
ing rooms. Box 25S6, Call office.
ELECTRIC business for sale cheap; parties go-
ing north. Box 2480. Call office.
PLANING mill In this city for sale. F. GEIER,
Market and Dolores st.
$50 CAPITAL wins $100 per week at ¦ races.' In~
formation LYONS, 921 Market St.. room 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sate.
Apply Business office. '
A BRANCH~offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencla st. ¦
LODGIXG-HOCSES FOR. SALE.
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List your house, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
1030 Market St., opp. Fifth; phone Mint 796.
IS ROOMS; corner; fine for transient $1000
82-room house; clears $200 1600
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market BOO
14 rooms on Third St., near Market 650
14 rooms on Mission st »»>
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms north of Market: clears $200 2000
S7 rooms; Just furnished: very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary st.; clears $135 1&00
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
1 mill furnish money and you buy for cash.
85-room house: clears $800 6000
SO-rOOm boarding house: clears $600 C0O0
8-room flat; sunny side 700.
6-room flat; very good *-5
4 vacant houses to rent.
EOO other houses. 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
120.000; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market et..
opposite Fifth: phone Mint 796.
MRS. A. CAMERON. K0 Market ft, rooms 21.
21. 23 (formerly with Marlon Griffin. 719 Mar-
ket st.). will be pleased to have old and new
customers call and select houses from large
list of bargains; also to list houses or busi-
ness chances of any kind they may have to
sell; see special list of bargains.
JO-room flat, on OTarrell; modern: rent $55:
price $750; good furniture and carpets: elegant
S-room flat, on Geary; 9-room flat. Eddy; 7-
room fiat, on Ellis: all elegant and modern.
12 rooms; rent $60; price $750; residence; fine
yard; gocd furniture and carpets.
48 rooms; rent $173; price tlGOO; in business
center; pays well.
:i rooms; rent $123; price reduced to $900; a
racrlfice; hardwood furniture; hair mat-
tresses.
16 rooms; corner; 2 entrances; rent $80: price
reduced to $900 If sold at once: two houses.
14 rooms: Van Ness ave.; $1000; rent $60;
velvet carpets; $600 down, balance time; no
interest.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4600
12 rocrrss, new, clean, clears $J0 SCO
I 14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 room*, only $100 cash, balance pay-
ments EOO
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. E50 Market.
Select Tour House From Largest List in Town.
8 rooms; excellent value $300
14 rooms; a genuine bargain 300
20 room*; well furnished; close in 1000
22 rooms; always full; nice location 1000
44. 78 and 135 roomed houses.
See our special bargain list before buying;
we lend half the purchase money at lowest
rates. WALTER HATES & CO.. 83S Market.
LODGING-HOUSES. boarding-houses and ho
tels. to suit every buyer: this of flee is licensed:
1 am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHAHD.
Phone Mint 1311.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market -L. opp. Mason.
FIPHER & CO.. 1C32 Market St.: telephone 1339.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1000
is rooms; Hyde; very finely furnished 600
20 rooms: rent $00; location desirable.... 900
If a bargain we have them at any price,
Tiorth or Bouth of Market st.
___________ _
71!> Market Et., by Call bldg.; tel. Black 1803.
I have for sale 473 lodging-houses. Please call
at my office and Ret tree list; will furnish
you money If you haven't enough.
! CALL and see our list of bargains in houses;
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23
. Sixth st. \i
IS WELL furnished rooms on Sixth St., near
Howard: always full; terms: $750 for cash,
$500. balar.ee time on mortgage; going Alas-
ka. Box 2524, Call office.
I
$1700—48 ROOMS: fine location; well furnished:
all rented: low rent. BASILS. 3 Eddy st.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: north of Market St.;
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V_ Market.
FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nice
home: rent g- 16U Bush _t.
spiritualism:
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Trince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the cne you love and the name of the
cne you will marry: the only medium in the
world so sure ct his occult power that he
will give everyl person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market st.,' op. 7th.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs, Dr. Farnhnm, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs cf life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Reeid.<no sIetib). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde. Larkln.
THE Fosters, Sunday, 3 and S p. m.. SOS Lar-
kin St., Occidental Hall; lecture and tests at
3. 10c; materialization, slate writing tests and
music — bring your own slates — at 8. 25c.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life- reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings. $1. 1164 OTarrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c.
DR. Mausey, Eastern occult scientist and Hin-
doo palmist; names given. 1 7th, cor.' Markt.
MRS. 1-OUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln st.
URS. LESTER — Readings 50c; circles every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Tyes. eve. 222 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME.' SANDERS, 1130 Market St., -the world's
greatest clairvoyant: ten Questions answered
for $L.~-On«: man asked her ten questions
and made $1000: another sold 30CO shares of
oil etock; another sold a hotel; another got
a $1500 position; a mother found a lost daugh-
ter: a widow married a rich lawyer. 1 can
answer any question: I tell you what to do
for a living; name the winning horses; give
lucky numbers; unite the separated; find lost
property; reveal your enemies; teach ¦ mind
vibration, ro that you can reach persons
hundreds of mlle*i away; rfad your hands,
face, head and innermost thoughts. Call or
enclose lock of hair and stamped envelope.
Mediums developed.
MME.M. BERNARD, ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
Ehe reads your life correctly, . gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy cr not satisfied in ilfe, or have domes-
tic, love or business ¦ troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how < to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
_ Its. DR.- F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 12CG Mar-
ket ft., corner Golden Gate are., rooms 25
and* 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by wall; send stamp for 'pam-
phlet with -t>»clal l»m«. Dally and Rnnday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, - tells
l>ast snd future; never falls; has the great-
est Egyptian secret; shows picture of future
husband or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
I everybody; tips on races. 21514 Sixth st.
j MME. TORTER. wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader., born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles Me,
gents Sl: palm, and clalr. Kit. SI SO. '.. 128 .Turk.
IPMATt. the Kgyptlan Eypsy. ¦ clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
fth: private reading" dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p.' m.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, pa'lmist:- advice on all
affairs of life: business." love, mining, iaw-
sults. 2G'£ . Krarny. r. 5. C: hrw 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
MME. ZEItEDA. the gypsy. Is tha great palm-
ist and card reader, 25c. 7 Seventh st.
! MMK. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
test medium: ?->c up. 472 Stevenson »t..oor.«:th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. II Clh: German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846,
MMK. !?CH>KFEK. clairvoyant,- card reaiier,
s<tt'-.r-fi dally. -4<«H Jessie st.. »>»t. 5th * dth.
MMK. A ITGUST. clairvoyant, curd - reader ; and
* i-a'r-i«try: trn'h or no pnv; JSo. 11i*.M"«lon.
MV-* M.tVKKSA r»nd« life ftu'nt'v; tni*ln»s_
p<1vl<-c: nami' given; 2Jc up. • 5, Fourth st.
CARPET BEATINO AN'D CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlne ' Works. - O.. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c" per yard, laid at be.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and, Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth et.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaninpr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 33$ Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 12S.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W*. KELLY'S Ajjency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
cottaAges for sale.
FOR sale cheap— Nice bay-window cottage. 7
Chenery sL, near Thirtieth. < ¦
DENTISTS.
AT the EUEcf^O-^ENTXlTcLfNIcr809 Mar"
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;, gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, J4 SO up; of-
, lice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p.m. J. W. THATCHER. -M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by. my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell gt.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
EOc: plates, «: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LCDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from *8 per set: extracting, EOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentlsta have moved to 969
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;.
positive painless extraction, 50c.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, 33; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 813?i Geary. nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up:phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. II. G.
YOUXG, 1241 Polk st. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 papps. In wrapper, for mniUnc. $1 ppr ypar.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell
School. Friday. March 22. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Poet, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Business Collece. 723 Market «t.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert V.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: repcrtorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering:, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory,
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
¦ tlons to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st. ¦
ENGINEERING- Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey, afsay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S04. Van
der Xalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course in Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
elsco Business College. 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
. college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TAUR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Perrott bldg.; individ, instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DpFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages,S^0Post;estab'd !S71;ab'est profs.
PROF. MKRKI, from Paris: violin, mandolin,'
gultnr; experienced. 1C08 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; to mo.' 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St. !
EMFLOY3IEXT OFFICES^
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleanlns Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391
JAPANESE, and Chinese help of all Kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post et.; tc-1. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Jupan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & rmploy-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- '
flee; all kinds help. 515 Stockton; Main 5183.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 4:8 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce —
Best help. £26 O'Farrell et.; tel. Hyde 21S1.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411UT>'Farrell st.; tel. East 426..
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE I German lady, good cook,,
¦wiFhes position/as housekeeper, city or coun-
try. Call 6S-76 Ellis St., room 53, between. 1
and 2 o'clock.
A COMPETENT Germnn woman wants work
by the day washing and ironing; Western
Addition only; no postals. 1203 Vallejo st.
WANTED— By elderly American woman, light
housework: good plain cook. Address TOO
Twenty-eeventh St., Oakland. .
DRESSMAKER Just arrived from New York
wishes engagement In family by the day,
$160. Apply to Dressmaker, 668 Mission st.
COMPETENT Japanese girl wants a. position
to do general housework in family. Box
2544, Call office. ..
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; I5c to $1 SO per night; {1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions * has been established at . 1036
Valencia »t. ¦ . " . - . • ¦ ¦¦ -
WANTED— MALK.
BY an experienced coachman and gardener:
country preferred; first-class Eastern - and
California references, both branches. ' Box
.'2543. Call offlce.
YOUNG man stenographer, 2 years' Govern-
ment experience, want* position by April 1;
state particulars. Box 2545, Call office.
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
general offlce work; good at figures;. city or
country.: moderate, salary. „ Box. 2582,- Call.
WANTED— By young man. place on fruit farm
or ranch for his health; healthy locality
Box 2340, Call offlce. , . ¦
STEADY, sober young man (23) would like
work of any kind; not acquainted In city.
Address box 2539. Call office. .
STRONG young man, speaks French, wants
situation of some kind. 42 Grady at near
Market and Twelfth: ' ' ,
WANTED— By • s. retiring hotel-keeper,- aged
40. a situation as . interpreter in a hotel on
the Pacific Coa*t; speaks all languages; best
of references. Sterling, care U. S.' Consulate,
Shanghai. . . , - . ;
A RESPECTMBLE elderly man wants light
employment, - office or other; make, himself
useful; any occupation; wages no object; good
references. A. B.. box 2534, ; Call office.
BARKEEPER desires position; best ! of refer-
¦ ences. Address G." B., 610 Geary St.. tel.
Larkln 17C3. : - . . •
YOUNG married man wishes work of any kind;
I experienced packer; best of ; references. . Ad-
drers 720 . Kryant st. - . -, ,
, FIRST-CLASS landscape and florist; 3 years In
last . place as head ¦ gardener;- good reoom-
mcudatlon. Box 2503. Call office. : .
' EXPERIENCED operator and retoucher de-
sires better position; familiar with r bromide
enkirclnjc. Box 2507, Call offlce. .-,,.„
• YOUNG married man desires' position' a* •baf-
; ¦ tender; city or country. Address B..B.. V S31
Harrison et.':. "¦- • . - ,_ . ¦ . : .
A COOK wants' a~ situation/ for 'the country:
1 understands baking bread. 1301 Santa Clara
ave.. Alameda. ,
i GOOD cock wants a situation 'In hotel or. res-
taurant; city or country.- 61 Second, . room 31.'
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED—MALE..
: SALESMAN, 23, commanding German,' French
and English, traveled 12 years calling on
paint, drug and manufacturing: trade, wants
I-osltlon . with mercantile or manufacturing
•concern -only; highest credentials.- Box 2503,
Call office.- :
BARBER, first class, wants steady Job In flrst-
clasa country shop. Address box 2525, Call.
• FIRST-CLASS Japanese 'cook wants a position
In family. G. S..1408 Pine at. >¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch of flee. , 2200 Fillmore st.
, A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1058
! Valencia st. •
FEATHER PILLOW'S.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
• their > feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FKATTTTCR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st. •
FLATS TO, LET.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat for rent; furnl-
ture for sale. 1048 Ellis st. .
' SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of S rooms; sep-
, arate entrance; rent $12 50.
SUNNY 7 rooms and bath; tinted: sanitary
plumbing;, moderate rent. 937 Hayes St.,
FLATS ; WANTED.
WANTED — Nicely furnished flat or -small cot-
; tage north Market St.; sunny; responsible
' young couple only. Box 2526, Call office.
• "WANTED— Sunny flat or cottage of four
' rooms; rent $15. Address box B. «00 Hayes.
1 FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS,4urn!shed In oak. US 60, with No. 7
" range. 'Kijig Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,1305Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
[ furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.'
i IB you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
I BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
>. 2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
j etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7£7 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
. CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
• pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 763,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
• price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
• AT C. R. IIANSEN & CO.'S.. J?hone Grant 1S5
• Waitress and assist with chamber work for
springs. $20 and fn~ fare; 3 waitresses, com-
mercial hotel, $20 and fare paid; -waitress,
Monlo Park, $20; 10 waitresses, city, MO; 3
. chambermaids, to wait one meal, $20; 2
| lunch waitresses, 60c, no Sunday work; fancy
lroner for across the bay, $25 and found ;
[ woman for day's work, $1 a day. steady
» place; cook for a summer resort, see party
. \here to-day; woman fot, dish pantry walk,
: $25 and board, sleeo home.
............FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
! Working housekeeper for 3 men and 3 chil-
dren, $20, across the bay; flrst-elass cook for
small family, city, $30: first-class cook, must
, understand German cooking, for family of 2,
, city, $35;. house girls, second girls and nurse
girls; house girl for small family across the
; bay, see party her», $20 .....'
¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10« Geary st.
. 2 WAITRESSES for railroad eating-house, $23
and free fare, see patty here
. C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...... ..104 Geary st.
. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :......
Chambermaid, summer resort, $20; chamber-
maid, country. J20, fare paid; chambermaid.
$15, fare paid; waitress, country. $25, fare
; • paid; 8 waitresses. 120 and 122 60. city and
country: * chambermaids to wait, $20; pantry
; Rlrls, $15 and found and $6 week, In restau-
r. rant; 3 waitresses, it; week, no Sunday work.
1 .FAMILY DEPARTMENT
r Cook, small family. $30: cook and laundress,
American family, $30: second girl, country,
120; French second, $20. MRS. M. E. DAY
• & CO., 335 Geary st.
• WANTED— The employing public to call at
1073%. Market St.. Pacific Coast Employment
Agency, for reliable help. Do you 'want a
, good servant, cook, chambermaid,- nurs-e, gov-
erness, amanuensis, housekeeper, maid, maid
1 of all work, reader, coachman, gardener, farm
s hand, special help? We will furnish you with
help. Call to-day. : register your want. We
furnish reliable help; ring us up: tel. How-
• ard 1626; call or, write. 1073% Market; S. F.
<• A-HOTEL GAZETTE. £6 Montgomery, rm. 12^
Chambermaids, country hotels, $15." free fare.
• ABOUT 100 . more ¦ sewing- machine operators
wanted at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
• m . Factory. S2'4 Fremont st. : no experience
• necessary; good wagjr.. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
; HAIRDRESSING taugrht; 4 weeks; students
found' employment aiii started business when
competent; easy terms. College, 574 Geary.
MRS. GEBAUER, formerly MRS. TELLER,
. cail or address MRS. FARINA. 2516 19th st.
I -" ¦ . — -j — ' ¦" ¦ ¦
GIRLS to work. 141-147 Fremont st.
' -WAITED— First-class arm waitress; wages $S
a week. BREUSS' Cafe, "0 Third st.
- AMBITIOUS representatives everywhere, $20
t j weekly. N. Y. C.C.. 13)6 Market^jJflee 6.
- FIRST-CLASS -operator on pants; no other
'• need apply. 23oH Minna st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on vests. 604
Merchant Et., room 15.
. A FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted at 43 Third
etreet. . !
:. GIRL, housework: sleep home; wages $15.
- 203 Polk st.
. NEAT girl 'for housework and. cooking; sleep
home. Apply 1630 Mission st.
. WANTED— Finisher on ladles' tailoring. 521
Post st.
GIRL for light housework. 1 1S8 Bartlett st.,
between Twenty-Becosid and Twenty-third.
• WAITRESSES. 207 Third st. '
• WANTED — Smart young lady for shooting gal-
~ lery. 515 Pacific st.
! WANTED— Operators on women's, wrappers:
1 steady work: good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market* st.
jj FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on suits and
n silk waists. A. CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny at.
1 Experienced operator, on underskirts; steam
,5 power; good pay. A. AARON. 579 .Mission st.
WANTED — 2 good waftresses, German pre-
" ferred. 426 Geary et..
. IMPROVER-amd apprentice wanted for dress-
making. ... 1259 Webster st. .".'...
n EXPERIENCED operators 1 on silk waists;
• good pay. S. ¦ F. . Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk 5t
- "WANTED— A girl to assist In housework and
'• take- care of baby. ',. 984 Folsom : st.
s OIRLS' wanted to sew shirts : good class of
work; good pay; steady employment guaran-
teed ; a few inexperienced taught. Apply'
» THE L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
~- SMALL girl to assist with light housework. IC4
« Ran Carlos ave., bet.* Mission and Valencia,'
• oft Nineteenth.
¦ APPRENTICES and Mocker In millinery store
at 692 McAllister st. ¦
?i GOOD finisher on : pants: eteady work; good
(1 pay.. 509 Kearny st.. room L
x GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth and Valencia ets. ; \
l " PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
¦' CO. . Apply at factory. 27, Geary st.
- OPERATORS cn shirts itnd overall; lnexperi-
a encod Instructed. 410 Mission st. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Cair branch . of flee. - 2200'^'lllmore.
'. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' •. ,
e **"^— — — «^»»» — — — — — — ' —
__.. JlBIiP -.WAKTlBp— MALE.
is A— wanted '.:... .'.V.Vi.V.v-V/l.' 1 .. .'..... ....'.;".".".:." i
.r Neat choreman, . country...........;... $23 1
2 milkers, country V.. ....$30 1
- Former, steady place ; ..'.$25 j
4 Walter for nice; resort, near city $:s ,
™ ¦. Plowhar.d ............;,....... ......$26
'' ; Married farmer to rals» vegetables and chick-
-• • ens:. . ........................ . .
_ >Drlver. for grocery store... $10 a week 1
lt Driver for milk .wagon ..:..... .......52->
If '. Choreman, country J15
j .2 woodchoppers, tools and grub advanced. . ; .
if . <¦ ":¦•¦'¦•¦. ; :W.-.D. EWER '&. CO.. 610 Clay «t.
r- WANTED — Walter:' for - summer ' resort, near
1. city. $23; nice place. W.D. EWER &CO..
610. Clay Ft. . ¦ . .
I; WANTED-Blacksmlth with small meani to
I- buy paying place in countn'. See A; M.
_• : SPECK &;CO...e67 Market St.;
n YOUNG, candymaker; v tmall retails moderate
1- wages; Eastern man pieterred. . Box 253S, Call
»- GOOl) ; barber for, Saturday and Sunday. 1073
. e Ma rket st.. ' near. Seventh. ¦ - • ¦. -
- BARBER for Saturday. and Sunday. . 2S03 Cali-
'* f ornla st; ; - ""^'SffBififiBRKfSTOitffiW^^
. GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. HCfi',4
- . Duport ••«.•" ¦' -¦ .¦••¦.': -. ¦ . ¦
¦a ¦' • ¦ ' ¦ ¦ " • ¦ .. . - . -
RARHEIt wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth ' st. :
I.' BARGEU; wanted. for Saturday. .ICO Geary st.-
$B*4K8tgfm&Bi*BaBKttm?» .1 < ¦ ¦¦-. ¦ .......
> HELP WASTED- -MALE— Con.
ATTENTION .'.... ......;......;......... MEN
60 laborers this morning. .......... $1 75 a day
.For- railroad work......... Call with blankets
Between. 7 and 8 o'clock ready to start.....
-. Freeware- . - Free fare ...... Free rare.
C.;R. HANSEN & CO.. ....... .104 Geary st.'
A— WANTED— Twenty two-horse or mule
teams with harness for railroad work, three
months' 'work, 65c a day or $11 a month.
See -party, at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S., 104 :
Geary st. r ; . J
AT C.R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Laborers for ballasting -track and surfacing
for 8. P.iCo.'a own work; apply to-day and
to-morrow; , $l 75 a day, board $4 BO; free
fare; office fee reduced for this place v .
10 teamsters for Ventura Co...,....'..*.. .'..$1*75
Free fare Ship this afternoon
¦50. muckers, tunnel work .. ....":...'.* !.!"$2 I
50 drillers, headers _.. $2 25 to $2 50
. Ship daily Free fare
2 tlmbermen for tunnel ....$2 SO
MISCELLANEOUS
20 milkers, different counties, $30; hay-
makers, farmers, orchardiats; man about
. place,- $30 ... ,
«... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, summer resort, see
¦party h»re to-day; 2 French second cooks. $50 :
to $63; 6 second and fry. cooks and broilers,
I V<0 and $60; 6 waiters, restaurant, south, $11
week,, fare paid ; , oysterman, city, $43; 10 ho-
tel waiters, $25 to $30 and $35; 10 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $20 to $30; ranch cook.
$20; 2 Tyler lroners, $G0 and $40; marker and
starcher,, country hotel,' $40; marker and dis-
tributer, $40; colored waiter, country hotel,
$25; man and wife as shampooers for springs.
Apply C. R. H AN SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A-MURR*AY & READY...... Phono Main 6843
.634-836 Clay st ;...
Open 7 a. m. - — ....
: Free fare Special Free fare
"We ship to-day : ........; Freo
?5 laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work
for ballasting, section, steel and other gangs,
¦ - Santa Barbara and Los Angeles -divisions,
$1 75 per day ..;..........
- New work Free far* New work
15 teamsters, Los -Angeles and Ventura, dis-
tricts; this is a good job; call early with
blankets
Mechanical help ...... .... See boss here
Blacksmith, country shop .$2 r>0 a day
Harnessmaker, country shop.. $2 25 to $2 50 day
Sash and door : maker, $3 day; bench hand,
$3 day.
Blacksmith, city ..$2 to $2 50 day
Blacksmith helper for ranch. .$30 and. found
Sheetlron worker; 2 Iron molder's helpers: 2
miners. . {60; 3 laborers, $30
12 milkers, $23 to $40 and found; 3 plow
teamsters, $33 and found; 4 farmers, $26 and
found; 7 choremen and choreboys.... '..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .
7 cooks. 17 waiters, 3 .kitchen hands; dish- '
washers; man to • cook for three men on
ranch, $15. MURRAY &" READY, Leading ,
Employment and Labor Agents, 634-636 • Clay. '
AT CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. t9 Third
St., phone red 21 — 4 men, for farm work, St
¦per. day and board; 3 men to plow vineyard.
$1 per day and board; -"4 milkers, $30 per
month and board; 5 men'to girdle trees and
burn brush. $20 and board ; 3 men to hoe '
hops',' $1 23 per day; carriage painter for
country; mill and woodsmen, woodchoppers,
etc. ; short order cook, lunch counter, city.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS, Secretary.
MAN, upright character, to manage business;
established house: $13. per, week and expenses
payable weekly from headquarters: expense
money' advanced: permanent: reference.
Standard House, 314 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
ONE stockcutter (hard wood), 3. first-class car-
penters, t cabinetmaker; non-union: no office
fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 41k
Keamy. st. *
WANTED— A young man about 19 or 20 years;
one who understands wrapping of- clothing;
references and salary expected. Box 2613, Call.
.YOUNG man -wanted for a saloon to attend
lunch counter. S34 Keamy st., call between
9 and 10 o'clock.
WANTED — Young man to learn cigar making:
4 to 6 weeks required; steady work and good
pay 'when learned; tuition {25. 247 Fifth st.
HANDY man for upholstering, mattress work,
etc., $25 and > found. Ahlborn House, 321 !
Grant avc. . I
BARBERS: 2-chair Bh-tji in hotel; best mining j
town in the State: shaving 25c. DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 10C Ellis Et.
Al BUSHELMAN wanted: apply 7:30 a. m.
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71* Market st.
WANTED— Salesman; furnishing goods? depart-
ment. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED— A night watchman and porter; ref-
erences required. F. A. & CO., box 2542, Call.
WANTED— First-class bartender. Apply at IS
Post St.
WANTED— *!xtra waiter. 433 Ellis st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, flightly damaged, half
price. WS2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STEADY man with $1M cash can" mako $73
month year around. 209 Keamy St., room 1.
COATMAKER wanted: steady work. 3036
.Twenty-fourth st. ¦¦
GOOD, strong, intelligent boy to. run errands
and work in store. '335 Bunh st..
BOY about 17 to work in candy factory. Ap-
ply 222 st. . •
WANTED-iietair grill makers. Apply s7~i\
Novelty Works, Bay and Stockton st3.
1 WANTED — A -night cook for restaurant. 1330
Market st. , " . - ' .
CHEAP for cash, 3-ehalr shop. Including liv-
ing room*; trial given. 32J Fourth st.
' MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach the
tradq In: two months, saving two years:
mailed f re*. . We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
arc all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
! LIGHT harness-makers wanted; also cutters on
kay. strap, coupe and carriage work; good
• wages: steady work for good mechanics. Ad-
dress SEATTLE HARNESS & SADDLERY
CO.. Seattle. .Wash. . . .
SOBER, steady, reliable German as driver for
bakery; gocd wages; only one who has suffl-
I cient 'experience" and is' well, recommended
need apply. Box 252S. Ca)I office. -¦>-: .-. .-
" MEN OR WOMEN ........ .»
Paid Big Commission*
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. ; .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
I that Ed Rolkin. Reno HoU3e proprietor, still
runs Denver- House, 217 Third st.; 130 large
rooms ; 25c per night ; $1 to J2 per week.
"WANTED — Active, elderly, steady married man
¦ without, children who understands managing
small chicken ranch; pay $15. Address box
2020, Call. office.
• BARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLT7/S new head -
• quarters, 723 Market St., first floor up. •
: McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
1 hand shoes for sale; 50c up; drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged. shoes. 241 Third.
; IMMEDIATELY— 2 experienced solicitors; fair
salary; rnust be of good address; for Saturday
Evening. Pest. E9 Columbian bulldlny.
j A : STRONG young: man with $230 can make
¦ , from- $63 ; to S75 per month; references. Box
' 2204, Call office. Oakland.
', COOK for restaurant/Ocean Beach; good
home; easy work; $20. Box 2333, Call office.
i BARBERS — 3-chair shop ' for sale cheap. 1424
Polk st. .
2-CHAIR barber' shop for sale cheap; In Peta-
. luma. Address D. WHITE. Petaluma." Cal.
• TAILORS wanted by S. N.-WOOU & CO.:
¦ good wages. Apply at factory, 27 • G«-ary st.
" FIRST-CLASS short order and dinner cook for
hotel In Nevada; wages SCO per month to be-
. gin with. --. Address box 2508, Call office.
1 BARBERS, attention!— A good 15c shop to sell
'. cheap; must be sold this week. Inquire at 117
1 Turk st; . , "
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
, free. ,S. F.^Barber. College, 741A Howard bt.;
¦ no barroom chairs used ; In this college. .
» DISTRIBUTER wanted at United States Laun-
. ¦- .- dry. Sixteenth and ? Valencia sta.
J GET your shoe* half-solcd while waiting; 25c
j to . 50c. 562 Mission ', St.. bft. 1st . and 2d sts.
I WANTED— 1CC0 men to try best 10c ft 15c meals
• in city. 410 Keamy st. The Maine Restaurant.
. BUSHELMAN wanted. .Apply. S. N. WOOD &
c CO.. 71S' Market st. .-.:.¦ ¦':- ---.-;.-
; WANTED — Reliable young man with $50 cash;
.ISO month, board; no experience. 496 Fourth.
2 UNION cabinet makers wanted at TOMP-
p KIN3.& FAVARE'S.-210 Spcar:st.
• "WANTED— Experienced - ladles': tailor; " p«rma-
.'-.. nent;good pay." M. J., KELLER CO.. Oakland.
5 FOR sale cheap— Two-chair shop, doing $35 per
• ;week.\ SS4 glxthgt. , ...•", : '¦ ;
- "WANTED — 100- men to tak« rooms." 102.. 13c and
b V20c;*,Bo3tonHousr. 930 Howard st.:. .¦ t
SAILORS, blacksmiths/ seararn & green hands;
-' •-.- all parts! of world. ¦ HERMAN'S. .; 26 ateuart.
c PENSIONS— J. H. Shcpardf& Co.. old reliable
- :firni.: S0<5 . Market. :. room' 40. ;Phelan \ building.'
WINCHESTER Housed U Third st:. near. Mar-
- ket— 700 rooms,": 25c : night: : r'adlnsr-rooms; free
j - 'bus and baggage' to and "from ferry. ;
- CLASSIFIED a«1vertlsemppts-and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmoro *t.
- A'BRANOHfoffl^e.for Call : sdvei'tisemenis and
¦ •;«uh«rrlr,tl i sos.; lias been established at- K'Ofi
." '" Valencia, st: .¦-¦;. r
HORSES AXP WACOM.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
" carts, harness. : Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth at. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PAIR very fine coach, horses, 7 and 8 years
old; full brothers: 17 hands H inch high. Can
be. seen at Government stablea. Fort Mason..
' foot of Van Ness ave. .
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
¦ M. L. Pancoast, sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 100 . SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies,' aurreys. horses. 1140 Folgom.
FOR SALE— Well bred trotting stallion cheap.
Apply 3623 Sacramento st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
I AN A No 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES ¦ TO LET.
A^P^n5?KnSXlsT"Houi!er^^^
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSKS WANTEJJ.
WEST of Van Ness ave., north of Geary st :
unfurnished house, 10 to 12 rooms; one with,
stable preferred. Call or address room 201.
Phelan building. -
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Folsom st., bet. First and Fremont.
Pedro tobacco pouch containing $S3 In gold
and silver also amounting to $2 75 or 13. R»-
• turn to MRS. M. LYNCH, 40CH Folsom St.,
and« receive $10 reward. .
LOST — Small hunting case gold watch, mado
by Henry Capt, Geneva; monogram M. C. E.
on outside. Finder will bo liberally reward-
ed by leaving It at the Occidental Hotel.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch; black-and-tan head,
white body; collar marked "Property of
Douglas Settle. U. S. Army." Liberal re-
ward for delivery to porter. Occidental Hotel.
FOUND— A St. Bernard dog; identify. SCO Bay
St., corner Hydet ¦ :
FOUND— A bicycle. Apply 1556 Turk st.
"Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler.. 243 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
_lg_page». In wrapper, for Trailing, 31 pe.- year.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
JU ATTRKSSKS AXD I'J'HOl.STRR V.
MATTRESSES and upholstery^ telT'south^sT
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
PR AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladles 7
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment superior. to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same t'ay; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for ths Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
efflce: any ailment; home before and during:
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
, DR. POPPER— Newly improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my office; for all
. female complaints; beware of Imitations; can
be «ent; 37 years' experience. 323 Kearny Bt.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: Implicit confidence: rrliable.
DR. -KOHL, ladles' specialist, removed from 937
Market st. to 9»2 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market St.,
bet. Tarlor nnrt Vjmiii: lsd!e« - mwiaMnt.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
j WANTED— Willing ma"n~wVtn~7lOO~ as partner
to work frold gravel mine this State. Ad-
dress -X. Y. 7... Dimond. Alameda Co.. Cal.
MISCELLAXEOUS — KOU SALe!
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand:. w« always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can . ship everything in 2f hours. J.
NOONAN. 1C17. 1019. 1021. 1C23 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
BOlIiERS. enelr.es, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN. lDs-137 Fremont st.
FOR sale — 10 h. p. engine and boiler, rock
crusher and 6CO-Kallon sprinkler. Apply Mount
I Olivet Cemetery, near Colma.
VERY cheap— Awning 12 feet long. Apply 17H',j
Howard st.. near Thirteenth.
CANARY blrd(>. mal»s and females; also Har-
ler rollers. At LCHMANN'S. 31S8 Sixteenth.
2D-HAND steem, sag. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 518 Mission.
A — BUYS 5 , sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
*V^ WHITELAW. 116 Spear St.
TYPKWP.1TKRS at any price to close them
ovt: different maTces; call early for bargains.
. TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A— 13 AND 2i H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine:
cheap. J. BURKE, J39 Beale St.
A— :C-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
j Apply at 218 California st.
J FOR SALE— 270 acres redwood timber, cheap;
good mill Rite. Box 2509." Call office.
FOR SALE— Billiard table in good condition.
Apply at I331 Broadway, Oakland.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizgs: guaranteed. NEWELL. 5R Bluxomq.
FOR fale at a bargain; fine yacht 32 feet long
(compete). W. H. CAMPBELL. Sausallto.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
flgureg. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 119 Montg"y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, soid. exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento, st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES- New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
: WALTZ SAFK. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
3IISCEL.LAXEOUS WAXT5. f
¦ AN aeloian orchestrrlle; no objection to on©
: slightly used; price not to exceed $1000 or un-
der; pay cash. Box 2341, Call office.
WANTED— Gordon setter bitch; young or old.
Box 2^4S. Call office.
•FIRST or second clnsa ticket to New York;
terms.' L. BANE. 119 Third St.
. TILTON'S misfit parfors wants masquerade, la-
dles', gents' clothing. 154, 9th: tel. Folsom 2S22.
; SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
' chlnery wanted. 204 Mission St., near Main.
MOVK -AJflV ii? A:v ' -
; A~-MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends «or you will lose
I their friendship; do busine?3 with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
¦ publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 9C6 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
. IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see 11/ MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
! undivided Interests In estates. • second mort-
gages, etc. .•¦-•
'. ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
1 Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
r ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
I bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
; lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. .24 Montgomery, r. 3.
¦ HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48 Market
'¦ St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third it.
• LOWEST rate* on furniture, etc.. by private
I party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
. tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. Ml Jones.
: MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HEaTHAL. 10 Sixth:
; highest price for old gold, silver, dlamonns.
' ON furniture, ' pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no bro!;er-
• age; reliabla party- H70 Market St.. room 63.
• MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
- HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
¦ 3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
r , no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
- LOANS, let or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. undl-
' vldedlnts.: estates. . HARPER. 397 Parrott -6I<
• CASH loaned on salaries: New Ycrit plan. THU
I . TOUSLTCT CO.. S21 Parrott building.
- SlOO.fKX) TO loan on real 'estate or. for bullillng:
? "! low rate. 122 Sansome st.. room 2.
• CASrr"loaned~to7a'.p rled peonle on note without
- : Intloraer. MORRKLL. 60i KAamlner bnildlng.
- TO salaried people without collat«>>-al or Jtv
¦ dorser. & F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
> ' ' . '" *~
: 9IOXKV \VA.>TK1).. ,
j _ : - _^^_^ ; -^ ¦.:u-~~: L-:.~«
j WAXTED-Loin • $«» at 2 >T cent month;
• good. security. Bex :502. ; Cail office. ¦ >
MUSICAL IXSTKCMEXTS.
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.*s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some iroo.i
pianos at »3. f4 and $5 per month. SHEK-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stem way dealers, cor-
. nor Kearny and Sutfr sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Cak-
land. -
"WE have a few real bargains to offer to-day:
some good squares at *Ti and upward: a fine
second-hand Decker & Son upright and any
number of new Decker*. Packards. Smith <fe
Barnes and . BaumeSaters at low prices. IT
you want to pay cash we will accommodate
you. and if you prefer payments you'll fln<i
us Just as willing?. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S, 26,
2S an.l 30 O'Furrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
¦ nd prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BIO Btock medium and low priced new up-
rights: can b« exchanged for Hazeltona any
time within five years; all pianos warranted;
a fine upright nearly new, $13: squares from
$23 up; easy terms. At DEWING'S, 13 to 21
Flood building. San Francisco. -•
A STORAGE auction piano sale: 21 fine piano*.
Just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offers wanted to force them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
SO UPRIGHTS, all makes, J75 up: rented and
rent allowed; Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A FEW new pianos for $U0: second-
hand from $30. BENJ. CCETAZ A SON.
16 OTarrell st. Checkering and Vose agency.
PIANO; fine upright; 3 pedals; a real map;
$115. 1259 Mission st. •
A 3-PEDAX. upright piano: alao furniture; sac-
rifice: leaving city. 324 Golden Gats ave.
$75— FINE Hallet ft Davis: cost $CCO; for •*!•
on $3 installments. 1413 Post st.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. J133 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. ::CS FlUmore st.
A BARGAIN— Good upright piano; guaranteed
for 5 years. Call 18 Bartlett st. ¦¦-,:'. ,
SPECIAL sale of -pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steck, Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Hlbemla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
_powerful tone. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer ft Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
AT KEEFTE'S, 933 Market St.. 4 elegant op-
rights at your own price. Ehonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR vlcllns, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for *l,
postage paid.
. oil* \
JOSEPH B. TOPI JTZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL lands near Oil City. 11 25 per acre. Amer-
ican Exploration Co.. U13 Call building.
PAIXTEHS AVD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath, 303 Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d st. : tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 813
Taylor *t.. bet. Oonrv nroi Post: M Fl*>-tc **1.
PATESTS A5O RSHSIOJIK
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
< PEHSSOXALS.
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters a positive cur»
for all ailments' of the flesh, nerves or nius-
¦ cles. prepared and sold only by MRS. X.
STODDARD. main office 1117 Geary st. nr.
Franklin; "phone East 233. Branch offlc« 1513
Market, opp. Van Xess ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt. attorney: Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are baM, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; call or rend for circular.
PROF. MERGER'S Mineral Oil and Salve: sure
cure for dropsy, paralysis, rupture; eyesight:
consultation at rooms S acd ». 1223 Market »t.
GOOD home open for -healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.
Alameda.
PRIVATE detectiva work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie. St.
"KIN'GSLAND Art Colors," for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL kind* of bamboo fancy work to order
HORISHIMA & CO.. 243 Ellis; tel. Red 1383.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330. Kearny sL, near Pine.
FIN'E suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
Jl WEEKLY; suits to order from genuln*
Scotch, $15 up; /fine dreas suits, 120 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Wlnchest»T
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; Jl 50 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double.' J2 25. EASTERN OUTFTTTINO
: CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslngr. hair work, raan-
! lcurlng; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
1 DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Po>k and Van New.
' JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery St..
room 21; phone Bush 2S9; charges reasonable.
" SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
'• MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlga;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
! SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIS3 EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
I ER. LAMOTTE'S French Cora Paint, the best
. , corn cure: 23c; all druggists. ¦
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
' balr to Ita natural color; $1: at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call. 16 pages, sent to any addres* In th«
United States or Canada one year for W.
. postage paid*
~ "" PHRENOLOGY.
' CALDERWOOD'S PHRENOLOGICAL PArI
LORS 1130 Market st. (adjoining Owl Dru«
' Store) are the finest on the coast. Examina-
tions daily. The science raught by mall la
a few lessons for a few dollars.
I : I'HYSICIAXS AXP SURGEONS.
1 Drf~c"~C~O'DO>?NELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
• TyR WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
i treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
I kuaI. KSTATK CITY — KOlt HALB.
¦ 14700 FOR a first-class mod<*Hl house on Ash-
bury Heights; houses Just completed contain
: 7 rooms and finished basement; only 3 left
1 of 8; see these at once If you want a cozy,
sunny, handsome home In Al locality and a
bargain: Clayton St.. south of Frederick;
Masenic-ave. cars pass the door. J. STIFIFI-
LEN. owner, on premises, or J. ENGLISH,
, it Montgomery st.
IF you have lots In large or small subdivisions
north of the park. In the Richmond district.
between Twelfth ave. and the ocean, and you
! want to sell, then call on W. J. GUNN, 539
California st. .
, MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. GKORGE il. SALSBURT.
builder; efflce 1333 Market st.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and th»
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.,
• FOR sale — a lots and Imp.: $1000 cash or Ions
time. Addreta box 2511. Call of nee. ¦ -¦ •-.-
IK you have lots to nell north of the Park,
' then call on w. J. GUSX. 53-J. California »t.
RCA I. ESTATES WASTED.
; HOME wanted, beautifully located, for half
• interest In valuable Government gold dredg-
, Ing conoeyslon. containing platinum also. Box
2^47. -Call offlce. -
PARTIES owning lots ICO feet or more In Pr»-
»UHo Heights, from Central are. west, d-.-
sircus of aelliny, will please state price. Ad-
dress A. B.' C. EASTERN. Postofflce. city.
' WASTED- Within IPO mll»^ of San Francisco.
Improved taims; price not to exreed j.-i.rO; w«
t have cash buyers. "A. M.. SPECK & CO.. «C7
Mark-t ft. San Frandsca -¦
KKAI.TY TO KXCIIA.'SGeI
: IN exchange fcr S. F. property, a lovely homa
In beautirul l^rkfby, n»ar the hll!a; houne
cf 3 rocms: In .tifoitiueh order; lot lo0xl-l*>
; , Aptly to JOS. J. MASON". Heal Estata. a«ll
•¦ Joinins Poatoffice. IJerkeley. 'HOTEL ABBIVALS.
HOTEL.
Mrs M Bercher. Cal
E R Brecklnrldge.
Ohio
Mrs E M Knott. Pa
Miss S B McColler. Pa
MIsb A S Ockershan
seh, N Y
N H Chaff ft w, Minn
A L Levlnsky, Stkton
C P Morgan & w. Colo
'O S Epstein A w. Colo
A" Cohn. N Y
R A Trimble, N T
Mme F Carreno, Ger
many
D Chlsholm. Colo Spgs
J S Cravens & w, Cal
F P Nixon * w. Wls
Mrs A Meyer, NT
C B Duchame. Detroit
E W Lambert. N T
F C Elsie. N Y
H L North. Mlnnaplls
J W Belcher * w,
Minnesota
Mlfs Belcher, Minn
J G Bowman & w. Mo
J H Sheehan & w, N Y
Miss A Sheehan, N Y
M B McMahon. Cat
E C Miller, Boston
Mrs C L Miller, Boston
Miss M B Miller. Bost
Mr & Mrs Collender.
R I
S A Crowley & w,
Michigan
GRAND HOTEL.
W Thompson & w, Cal
J F WilllB, Eureka
R S Hodman, Los Ang
J J Dlgmer, Albany
H S Johnson, Neb
F D Donald & w. Cal
F P Shepardson, L An
T H Ramsey, Cal
X Laurence, Yreka
11 French, Spokane
A Smith, Portland
Mrs F 6nyder, Chicago
Vi W Olddlngs. Cal
Ti C Hatch Merced
C W Nell & w. Chtcag
W Martin & w, Iowa
O A Lowe. Woodland
Dr T B Rlordan. Cal
F W Prose, Woodland
A W Pearson & w, Cal
P L Flanagan, Reno
Mrs W C Potts, Cal
Mios'L Potts, Cal
8 F Ennls, Sacto
P A Dinsmore. Sn Jose
J Rlordan, Mich
Miss L Rlordan. Mich
Miss :.I Brennan, Mich
T Regan. Boise
Airs J Harvey, Menlo
F Cox. Medford
Mrs W Wilson, Cal
A S Cooper, Cal
G B Nichols, S L Obis
H K Adams, Alameda
W J McDonald, Cal
C E Price, Los Ang
Mrs M W Smith, Or
V A Sweetland. Ill
W J Dawson. 8t Helen
A M Jones. St Helena
W H Cramer. Ls An if
Mrs A R Stogdale, Cal
Mrs M L. Crawford. Cal
Mrs M M Herman. Cal
R T Preston. Ls Ansr
M M Randall, Lot Ang-
G J StocV. Los An;
W H Bowers, Los Ang
H K Kemp, Los Ang
SI C Cantelman. L Ang
F E Collins. Merced
W G ThompBon, Napa
C J Eardley. Sta Rosa
H B Rice. Modesto
II E Adams. Stockton
T C Edwards. Ballnas
T B Sutllff, Sacto
W C Price. Bakemfleld
P H Mack. Inyo Co
C Pendleton & w. Cal
Mrs E H Cooney, Mont
H E Adams, Alameda
Dr G H Gardner, Cal
W J Dougherty, Cal
P W Morse, Watsonvil
P J Hlatt. Sacto
C S Ralnh, Sacto
J C Ruddock. Uklah
P Roche, Valley Ford
P Flaherty, Sacto
R Johnson. Phlla ¦
D J Coleman & w. Ill
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
P A Marjl. Cal
F-Wolverton & w, III
W H Lewis. . Chicago
O Condon & tv, Portld
B D Shatford, Oregon
J Boyer A w, Cal
W L White, Phoenlr
C Hemtng & t. Arls
J B York, Fresno
J B Fitipatrick, La
C Walta, Montana
W Mumford, Omaha
H B Smith, Nebr
\V R Michell. Helena.
P Doyle. N Y
J Mulroy, Ingieslde
O H Butler. Chlcaj-a
P Pondexter, Mont
J B Cummlng, Alex
PAI**.CB
H Ottens & w, Phlla
C E Furman. N Y
R D Whitlock, Loulsvl
H Holbert. St Paul
J A . Porter, Colorado
P Spreckels & w, Dres
den
Miss Spreckels, Dr«sdn
J R Mayb«rry, Cal
J H Wilson. Chicago
O II Lyonberg, N Y
II J Knowles. Oakland
S F Balcan. Eureka
WO Gosslln & w, Or
R I) McDonald. Illinois
P Henshaw, Phlladel
H Undley. Klamathon
J E Seery & w, Sacto
D Maclaren & w, Ot
tawa
A Maclaren & w, Ot
lava
V 1. Smith. Cal
E M Bayley, Chero
W F Fleming. Chgo
C W Cowles, lovfa
II S Julien & w. N T
Dr J W Stett. Vacavll
E L DavM & -w. Pa
Miss F M Lund, Chso
E M Lund, Chicago
Mrs E P O'Hara, Mo
Mrs B Scruggs, Tenn
ti M Harmon & w. NT
B I Perry & w. Ind
J Llndgren & w. Cal
Miss Crowley, Mich
FRIDAY.' March 22—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | " Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 03 04
Alta '.I.......... 01 03 Kentuck '".. — 02
Andes ..........; 04 : 0« LAdy Wash ;... 01 02
Belcher-: :'¦ 10 11 Mexican 33 34
Best ¦&' Belcher 20 21 Occidental ..... 05^06
Bullion ....V.... — 02 Ophlr ..;........ 73 75
Caledonia-..."... 70 : 75 Overman 14 15
Challenge Con.. 14 16 Potosi .......... 15 16
Chollar ......... 15 IS Savage ......... 10 11
Confidence ....'. 70 -75 Scorpion ....... — - 01
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 So Seg Belcher..... — 02
Con Imperial... — -02 Sierra Ne\-a da. " 30 22
Con NewTork. — 01 Silver. Hill .... 40 42
Crown ; Point ,..' 10 . »11 St. Louis ....... 05 —
Eureka Con ... 06. — Standard .;..;.;4 05 4 40
Exchequer ?..... . 01 \ 02 Syndicate ...... • — ¦-,06
Gould •&• Curry 15 " 18 Union Con ;...- 19 2»
Hale ANorc... 13 14 Utah ...:.......- 05 07
Julia ...:.-...... 01 03 Yellow Jacket.. 19 .20
200 Best & Belcher 191 600 Mexican ........ 33
D00 Uest & Belcher 20 1500 Mexican - 33
200 Con Cal & Va..l75 COO Mexican 34
1200 Con Cal 1c. Va. .1 60 400 Ophir 70
300 Con Cat & V.I 82V4 500 Potosl .......... 15
200 Con Cal& Va..t 85 £00 Silver Hill ..... 41
• 200 Gould & Curry 11 *
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
The ' following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: - " •'¦"
Morning Session.
100 Chollaf ..;...... ,16 200 Ophlr ......:63
800 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Savag«. 08
400 Gould & Curry 13
¦'¦. .'.*¦• '• ' Afternoon Session.
800 Best * Belcher 19 800 Mexican ........ 32
700 Best & Belcher 20 70O Ophir ..." ...72
S60 Con Cal & Va..l 80 200 Overman ....... .14
2C0 Crowns Point;.. 10 200 Union Con 20
200 Mexican ........ 33 600 Yellow Jacket.-. : 20
The following were the sales in th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: \ '?£3«3»B£
v£?>> ; Morning ' Session. •
600 Belcher .I.:.... 09 200 Ophlr -«5
SCO Con Cal &-VA-..1 70 1000 Ophlr 68
200 Con Cal & V.I 72H 200 Sliver Hill ..... -40
400 Con Cal & Va..l 75 400 Sliver Hill 41
600 Mexican ........ ,30 700 Union Con 17
200 Ophlr ........... 62 ,200 Union Con .... 18
200 Ophlr 64
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board— v
3000 Bear Flag, b 80..... 18
100 California-Standard 54
3 Hanford 87 00
600 Independence IS
100 Junction .......r:: 65
«00 Lion 19
60 Son Joaquin Oil t, Development 12 00
Afternoon : 6esslon.
Board—
1000 Bear Flag, b 30 18
800 Caribou 63
100 Caribou 65
1CO0 Four Oil Co 67
1100 Junction • • : 65
iOO Lion : •; 19 *
COO Monarch ' of Arizona .......'....... 54
200 Oil City Petroleum ...;. 30
200 Petroleum Ctnter \ 13/
500 Petroleum Center, s 10.... 12
6200 Reed Crude ..: 60
800 San Joaquin Oil & Development 12 00
100 Sterling 2 35
100 Wolverine ..............•.. — .... 1 25
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
1000 Petroleum Center 14
Afternoon. Session.
Board —
400 Bear Flag; 15
600 California-Standard 63
100 California-Standard, a 80 50
500 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 20
60 Home Oil ....: 4 00
50 Kern .*. 8 25
SCO Linn ". 20
i:0O Monarch of Arizona ..'. 55
100 Monte Crlsto/ » 90......... 2 23
500 Monte Cristo 2 35
100 Occidental of -West Virginia ¦ 60 .
1000 Oil City Petroleum, b 30 30
24CO Petroleum Center 13
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60................ 14
1500 Reed Crude 60
4&CO Reed Crude '¦ 58
100 San Joaquin Oil & Development 12 00
150 Sterling 2 85
fiO Sterling 2 32tf
SOO Wolverlns 1 25
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Bear Flag '... ....'. 16
¦iOCO California-Standard B6
900 California-Standard S3
100 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River........ 20
50 Horns Oil ¦...".. 4 00
100 Junction - 64
30 Kern Oil 8 23
1000 LJon, ¦ 60 19
1250 Lion 20
200 Monarch of Arizona 57
800 Monarch of Arizona 53
ICO Monte Crlsto 2 30
100 Monte Crlsto 2 35
1000 Oil City. Petroleum,. b 30.. • 30
700 Oil City Petroleum 30
4400 Petroleum Center W
SfOO Heed Crude » « 60
250 Sterling 2 37*4
10O Sterling 2 40
130 Twenty-eight ;....»..» ;v. ; .- l 65
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Serslon. '. ~ : '-" '. V
Board—
25 Hawaiian C & S Co, b 6 70 00
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. ... 70 00
CO Honokaa 32 00
60 Hutchlnson S P. Co.. .....: ....22 60
KX> Hutchlnson S P Co : 22 25
25 Hutchlnson S 1» Co 22 62%
150 Htuchlnson «>» P Co 22 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 22 87H
$1000 Lus Angeles-Pacific R R bonds 102 00
65 Makaweli 41 £0
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 3>j 50
20 Oceanic steamship Co 38 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co SS 25
80 Oceanic Steamship Co.... 39 00
$1000 Oceanic Steamship bonds! 100 50
$1000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 100 75
I10OO Oceanic Steamship bonds 101 00
IS Onomea. Sugar Co 29 00
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co 45 75
140 8 F Gas & Electric Co 46 00
$2000 S P Of A bond* (1909)..... ;.....112 62H
Street— " • •
25 Honokaa Co 31 73
60S F Gas & Eteqtrlc Co.. .....".;..... « 00
Board— -¦¦ , - -. ¦ . •. ...
400 California Safe Deposit ' .106 00
85- Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...: 70 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar...: 70 25
B Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 71 00
"25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 70 75
S2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 105 25
*2O0G Hawaiian C & S Co Ss....; 105 00
. 25 Ifonokaa S Co 31 6i'j
SO Hutchlnson S P Co. 23 00
360 Hutchlnsou S P Co ; 22 50
120 Makaweli 41 50
tlOOO'N'.P C R-R Sa bonds 10S 6I«J
30 Oakland Gaji 61 00
165 Oceanic Steam«hlp Co : S6 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co 28 75
476 Paauhau S P Co 32 25
5 S P Oas & Electric Co 4S 50
10 8 F Oai A Electric Co 4« 00
$1000 S P of A bonds (1909) 112 75
J1000 Spring Valley 6s bonds ....113 00.
Btreet- •
10 Oceanic Steamshln Co 26 00 •
Morninsr Session.
Alaska Pack.. 120 122 Oceanic SS Co 39 40
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 Pac A F A.... 3 —
Cal Wine A»n.l00 — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn.lWVS — Par Paint Co.. 16 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Hana Plan....' T& — Kllauea 21 23
Haw Com..... 70 — Makaweli 4H4 —
Honokaa. ...... 32 82'i Onomea 88 —
Hutch S P.... 22% — Paauhau 32H 32%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Callfornla-st... — 140 JO S I/* H.... 40 —
Qeary-«t «7tt — Presidio — 80
Market-st .... 63H — L- ~
Giant Con Co.-' S3K Vlgorlt .....'... !H Stf
POWDER STOCKS.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
German ......1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual ..60 — Union Trust... — —
B F Sav U....510 — "
SAVINGS BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... TO 77H Lon P & A. ...145 —
Bank of Cal.. — " 410H Mer Ex (llq).. 1«
Cal Safe Dep.106 — S F National. — 125
1st N of S F.. — 312»i
BANK STOCKS.
;--{ . INSURANCE STOCKS.
FlrenVi Fund. 235 — |
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The funeral services will take placa
from the late residence of the deceased
on Sunday at 12:30 o'clock p. m. The In
terment "will be private.
Mrs. Standeford was born in Indiana in
1834. She was graduated from Oberlln
College while a young" girl. Soon after the
close of the Civil War, in. which her hus
band, J. A. Standeford; served with dis
tinction, Mr. and Mrs. Standeford cams
to California. They have lived in Oakland
ever since. Mr. Standfcford is employed in
the San Francisco Mint. . Mrs. John. F.
Conners is their daughter.
Aside from this special field of activity
Mrs. Standeford's efforts were untiring- In
aid of the needy throughout the city. Her
benefactions were not institutional and
she avoided the publicity of leadership In
organized charities.
So tactful and unobtrusive were her la
bors that their extent was known onlr to
her most Intimate friends. .
During her thirty years' residence in
this city Mrs. Standefcrd's sterling quali
ties and gracious personality endeared ner
to, thousands who participated in or wero
the beneficiaries of her unostentatious
charities- and faithful teachings. .
Mrs. Standeford was best known to th<»
public as the principal cf the Grove-street
School. She fulfilled the duties of this po
sition for many years. Her remarkaolo
endowments of intellect and character
gave her an influence oulte unique in her
chosen work. Not content with insistently
upholding before teachers and pupils the
loftiest ideals of mind and heart culture
Bhe interested herself in the home Ufa
of the> different families represented in the
institution of which she was the bead.
Her strong help for a_id tender sympathy
with the poor and troubled among her
charges are traditional in the Grove-street
School district.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 22.
Mrs. N. D. Standeford, a pioneer leader
in Oakland's educational and philan
thropic activities, passed away suddenly
to-day at her home-, 602 Fourteenth streot.
Influence of a Woman Foremost in
Educational ajad Philanthropic
Activities of Oakland Ends
With Death.
Mr& Standefofd Is Taken
From the Midst of Her
Beneyolent Deeds.
NOBLE LIFEWORK
SUDDENLY CLOSES
-.:; An .undivided half-interest in the ' Co
lumbus. Marble Company has been sold to
William Grant for $14,000 on foreclosure of
mortgage for $27,500,' held by Grant against
The Nevada City papers report that the
Belief ontaine and : other, properties in the
Willow >- Valley- district are about to re
sume operBitlon8&gFBK&B//ffmggmaBMmmA
i Miss Olive Smith,' teacher inthe James
town public school, Tuolumne County, re
cently : picked . up : a nugget "worth : $40 in
front of her schoolhouse.
John A. 'Grow, 1 ? Joseph. O.Saudldge and
others are litigating with E. A. Beers con
cerning, the ownership of , 1500 : acres of
placer mining ground in Tuolumne Coun
ty, in . township : 1 - north, ¦ range 17 and 18
fast. £PB*Wtt*lfiflSttHHB6l
Schoolteacher . Finds Large Nugget.
William M. Mendenhall has dlaeovered «n the
south side of the Jesus Maria Creek and two
miles from Jesus " Maria an Iron ; mine . which
contains a larg-e deposit : of .iron -ore and can
be traced for thousands • of feet. Analysis of
the > ore .was given and a test made i some
twenty years ago. and the result was' 90; per
cent Iron. Another test will be made of the
ore. If It proves satisfactory then a plant will
be erected on the ground f or : the purpose of
working and treating these ores. The parties
are : deeply Interested : in ¦ Iron and are corre
upondlng.wlth-an English syndicate' with ref
erence . to purchasing and working the t mine*.
If the ore Is rich enough to Justify a plant a
railroad -will be- put- through from Stockton,
which i will run up. along the* Jesus' Maria
Creek to the mines and may ; continue on
through to the Calaveraa . big trees. .
The Peacock copper claims, locnted six
miles from , Laviers, in San Bernardino
County, have passed into the hands of the
Peacock Copper Company of New York.
Machinery will be placed early in April.
Anew smelter, says the -Los Angeles
Herald, will be installed in the territory
adjacent to the State line, in San Bernar
dino County, between Ivanpah ' and Mes
qulte Springs.
The Calaveras Chronicle makes the'fol
lowing statement:
The Old/Bonanza ore dump, at Piety
Hill, Sonora, hai». been purchased by G. B.
Johnston and James and William Perira.
Brokaw has started operations In the old
Campbell mine, in Quartz Valley, Slski
you County, and will run off a large body
of gravel this season..
- The Stockton Independent reports that
the. Kennedy, Oneida and South Eureka
mines have substituted oil for other fuel.
Various News Notes.
The statement of the mill for 1878 show* that
1644 tons of ore were treated, containing 872.
021.9 ounces of ' silver and 64.4 ounces of gold,
with 257,112 pounds of lead, an average of 234
ounces silver and 8 per cent lead. The aver
age ore produced to-day Is from 100 to ISO
ounces silver to the ton i and for ore of that
grade the miner - of twenty-two years ago re
ceived net an average of $70 per ton, while to
day he will receive not far from $76 per ton.
Charles H. Morris of Georgetown, Colo.,
writes to show that the silver miner, con
sidering the difference in the cost of treat
ment, receives more . for his ore to-day,
when sliver is worth. 60 cents per ounce,
than he did In 1S79, when It was quoted
at. $118 per ounce.- He bases his compu
tations I on the operations of the * Rocky
Mountain Sampling Works at George
town. Morris makes this statement:
The Redding Free Press says that the
new dredger that is being built at Trinity
Center will be in running order, in about
a month. It will have four large and two
small engines. It differs from other dredg
ers used on the coast. One feature is. the
safety, clutch for working rocky ground.
When the bucket strikes an obstruction
the clutch acts . as a brake and relieves
the machinery of the strain that would
otherwise cause a. break. Trinity Center
and vicinity, says the Free Press, contain
several thousand acres of good dredging
ground. At Brapdons. several miles be
low the Center, Mr. Herring of Orovillo
will commence to prospect the ground
•with a Keystone drill at once, and if the
results are. satisfactory a dredger .will be
placed there.
E. B. Gage, manager, and W. F. Staun
ton. superintendent of the Congress mine,
have been creating; Bomething of a stir
in Tombstone. The Prospector says that
they are actively interested in the reha
bilitation of the mines. Gage told a re
porter that there had been objection to
the combination of interests and that the
plan In view is the bonding of groups upon
which he has secured options. Eastern
men will go to Tombstone to look Into the
situation and consider the outlook.
New Dredger at Trinity Center.
. As spring Is breaking in upon us the mining
outlook for Mono County, and particularly In
the Bridgeport , District, , is very encouraging,
negotiations for the transfer of some of 'our
nearby promising claims being under way, and
to good companies that mean business. An*S a
number of claims that wefe worked last Bum
mer with flattering results will be worked with
renewed energy and more "heartily the coming
summer, so that by next fall we may have
several mines opened to an. extent to warrant
the erection of proper plants to make them
paying "properties. The heavy amount of snow
on our mountains Is gratifying to our placer
miners, who are anticipating rich returns from
their ¦ work next summer. If this county pos
sessed proper transportation facilities our mar
ble and travertine quarries would be bee hives
of Industry, as our marbles are the finest in
the world, according to the best juries of
mnrble, and so Is our travertine, which Is
far superior to the French article, that coun
try being the only one that ¦ possesses, this
beautiful material for ornamental marble pur
poses- until the Bridgeport, quarry was dis
covered and opened, ln'oonnectlon with a great
aeposlt of onyx, which "would also be very
valuable with transportation facilities. If
Mono County could have an Influx of intelligent
prospectors this summer. we believe our people
would be astonished at the \aluab1e discoveries
they would make before * next fall. -Borne of
the "kids" of this generation will live to see
Mono ¦ County one of the richest mining coun
ties in this State. . .
There is an optimistic ring to the say
ings of the Bridgeport Chronicle-Union
concerning the outlook for the miners of
Mono County: . - .
A writer -in the .Victoria Daily. Colonist
has an amusing account of the attempt
of the smelter trust to remove the com
petition of the Canadian smelters. One of
tne moves, according to the writer, was
to threaten to temporarily withdraw from
the British Columbia lead market and
leave the Canadian producers without any
market. The Canadian Pacific Railway
came to the rescue of the lead miners and
placed a very large amount of their pro
ducts, in the Cast and in the West Koota
nay country. "And,", -Bays.- the writer,
"the miners will receive practically ae
good rates as they received during the
year 1900, when the American Smelting
and Refining Company took over 50 per
cent of these 'ores." The . Canadians are
hoping that the Canadian Government
will put a bounty of $5 per ton on Cana
dian pig lead, which would help to' firmly
establish the smelting industry of British
Columbia and create a healthy demand
for a large tonnage of low grade dry ore3,
which are necessary to mix with the lead
ores In the smelting process. ; : .
Fighting Smelter Competition.
Only the few Initiated one« were permitted
to. watch the process and note the results, but
the mouths of those who could give Intelligent
information on the subject were kept tightly
closed. Now, however, > the tests . have been
made and the matter has gone beyound the ex
perimental stage. The procesa has fulfilled
every expectation of the world's most famous
Inventor and it Is reported . that a decision
has been reached to erect a large mill, con
structed on th« same principles, at Dolores,
and that the .machinery has already been or
dered. , The new mill Is to have a capacity Of
300 tons daily, ' and It will be a full year In
building.
If" the experiments prove remunera
tive, then it appears to be probable that
another source of great wealth is In sight
and that the mining industry Is . about to
enter into another interesting phase.
If the Albuquerque Journal-Democrat is
not misinformed, a large l . mill will be
erected at Dolores,' N. M., to operate un
der the Edison invention for the dry
washing- of auriferous deposits. \A.ll placer
miners throughout the West will be inter
ested in the working of this mill. There
are Vast districts in California, Arizona
and New; Mexico where the lack of. water
has been the^ great obstacle to the full
development of placer ground. .The people
of the southern part of this ' State are
fully aware to this fact. The ' Journal-
Democrat, descrlbine the work that has
been going on at Dolores, says:
Miner* of Mono County Optimistic
Concerning Future— Discovery of
Iron in Calaveras
county.
Wizard Seemingly Scores a
Sucoass as Recoverer
of Fine Gold.
EDISON INVADES
IHE DRY PLACER
The ¦ Hart mine now employs about ten men:
Another installment of machinery for the Al
pine mine passed through town Sunday. Henry
Ward and John Elliott will begin work on the
old Spanish mine below town in . the near fu
ture... . ¦..-,.;
_SamplIngr works -will, according to the
Randsburg Miner, be put up at Johannes
burg: by> the Ore Sampling and Buying
Company.
• The Jenny Llnd mine. In Nevada'Coun
ty,-has purchased a ten-stamp mill from
the old Gold Point mine, near Brunswick.
From the ninth biennial report of the
coal mine inspector of the State of Wash
ington, which has just been issued, it ap
pears that the coal mined In Washington,
of all grades, in the year 1900 was 2.418,034
snort tons; amounting in value to $4,425,000
in round figures." There were 4238 men em
ployed. Employes received in wages $2.
721,643. The average value of coal at the
mines Is stated to have been Jl"83 per ton,
and the cost of putting it on the train was
about $1 27 per ton. The total value of the
coke produced was $170,000. - The estimated
output of coal from mines that are opened
for the ¦>¦ year ; JS01 : is 8,180,000 tons. From
mines that are being opened 250,000 addi
tional tons -may be produced, or an in
crease over 1900 of 1,000.000 tons in the total
output.- and this is figured as a conserva
tive estimate by the mine Inspector.
J." J. . Crooks and Jaul R. Jarboe. The
property is in Tuolurane County. •
iThe- following ? marks ; the ¦? progress -of
mining in El' Dorado County as; reported
by the Georgetown Gazette:?.,
--.-¦.- ' . " »
THE kN FRANCISCO. Oi^LL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1901.
13
MCGINN
JAMES
Has opened Funeral Parlors at' 214 Eddy
st . bet. Taylor and Jones.' Tel. South r 678.
REMEMBER 214 Eddy sU is on the right-
hand side of the street going from Market.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
The undertaking business of the late CHAS
j. B. METZLER will hereafter be conducted
under thectme firm name of CHAsS. J. B.
METZLER. - at 636 Washington at.. San Fran-
cisco, by H.' METZLER. proprietor.
San Francisco, Cal.. March 11. mi.
MARCH 1L1E01— I have this day sold my In-
terest in the undertaking business of CHAS.
J. B. METZLER to II. METZLER. . and am
not responsible - for any ¦ outstanding debts
CHAS. L. METZLEIt.
UNITED. UNDERTAKERS,
H and 29 Fifth" st. TeL South 117.
IUNZRAL DIRECT0R3 AND EKBALMEB).
Finest Kqulpment at Moderate Rates.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. weeV days— Cazadero and way
statluns."YnBMM**MMB M MtBBQBHE9IP
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and' way
stations.
8 :00 a, m. Sundays — Tomales ' and way
stations.
12:115. 2:10, 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. .Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 13:05. 2:15, 3:30.
6:00. 6:45 p. m. -¦ •-¦ . . -
Vt« S4MieollU» F*rry.
Commencing September SO. 1900.
F^OM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
> WEEK DAYS-«:S5. •» :1V 11:00 a. m.. - n:i3.
J15 4:00. 6:15. •6:15. 6:40 p. m. , ¦ .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. ;:.
6UNDAYS-»S:00. 'lOW. ¦ 1l:» a. m.. •l:li.
8:15. *4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. ¦ • -
Trains marked (*)- run to San Quer.tln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:20. 'S:^ 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•11:30. -1:15." *3:30, 4:30, '5:J0 p. m.
: EXTRA TRIP3 on ¦ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:4» and 10:20 p. m.
—SUNDAYS— 6:20. *S:00. no:*). 11:43 " a/ to..
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45, *6:3O p. m.
. Trains marked : (?) start ¦ from Sao' Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK r DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. .7:55, S:30 a, m..
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIKL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
¦ 20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO."
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd {Local
Dally. Dally- Dally. iDaily.
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a l:CO,p 4:29 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•' Merced .. 18:25 p 1:17 p 1:1$ a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a ........
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 »> 7:M a
" Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" Bksfleld «:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .......
•• Kan. Cty 2:41a 7:10 a
" Chicago 2:U p 9:00 p .^.
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to ' Bakersfleld ' for accommodation " nf local
first class ' passengers. No second class
tickets are honored - on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. ls Stockton Local. Correspond.
Irs train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
¦ 8:00 p. rn. ls the Overland Express, with
through Palace and .Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair ¦ Car. also Palacs
Eleeper. which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at B:65 p. m. dally..
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. I Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— Wl Market • street and In Ferry
-Depot. San Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
53TI. riend* and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
at 9 o'clock, from the Palo Alto
Stock Farm, thence to the Catholic Church,
Menlo Park, where a BOlemn requiem masn
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from h<>r late resi-
dence. 1604 Bush street, thence to 6t. Mary's
Cathedral for aervlces,' commencing at t
o'clock.
COCHRAN— In Palo Alto.' Ban Mateo County,
March 21, 1901. Charles Cochran, a native of
New Jersey, aged 88 years.
C7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundsy). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks. 857 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, and thence to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery for cremation. Please' omit flow-
ers.
BENNETT— In this city. March 22, 1901. at her
residence. 1G04 Bush street, Ellen, beloved
wife of the late Maurice Bennett, beloved
mother of Edward J., John T. and Robert W.
Bennett end Mrs. Robert P. Barton, and
grandmother of Harry Barton, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 65 years.
KjTFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fallows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,'
where aervlo^s will be held under the aus-
pices of Germanla Lodg-e No. 118. I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains
at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917
M'fFion street.
BAUMULLER-In this city, March 20, 1&0L
John Baumuller, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Baumuller. and father of Eddie.
Annie and Julia Baumullqr. a native of Ger-
many, aeed £3 years 1 month, and 27 days.
A member of Vereln Concordla.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1SJ1 Sanchez street, thence to 8t.
Paul's Church, where a requiem mass will
be . celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
ANDKHSON— In Alameda. March 19. 1901.
James Anderson, a native of Bas?l. Switzer-
land, aged S3 years and 7 months. (Buffalo.
X. Y., and Basel, Switzerland, papers please
copy.)
ICJ'Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking: Company. 4QS
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HADOER-In thli city. March E. 1301, Ralph
Kuper.e. l.c-Invp.1 son of George H. and Anna
IJadjter. and brother of Beveart. Albert. Jen-
nlo, I.ir.'la and May Badger, a native of Kan
Francisco, ased 5 years and 17 days.
DALKE-In Humboldt, March IT. 190L Wll-
Hpm, dearly beloved husband of Ellse Balke,
and beloved father of Herman C, Kdward
W. ati<l John E. Balke. a native of Germany,
nfced H years 10 months and 16 days. A
member of Germanla Lodge No. 116, I. O.
o. p.; and Walhalla Encampment No. 7. I.
o o. F.
ALLEX-In this city. March 21. 1901, James
1». Allen, youngest and beloved son of Cas-
sandra L. and the late John G. Allen, and
brother of Harry I. and the late John G.
Allen, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years 5 months and 23 days.
DIED.
Allen. James D. Neubauer. Gertrude
Anderson. James Nlbel, William
Kadger, Raich E. Xorton. Ellen M.
HaJke. "William O'Connor, Charles R.
Bennett. Ellen Petere, Stephen ¦
Kaumuller. John yulnn, Thomas
c'<whran. Charles Rinea. Dr. Chas. H.
Dunn, James Havage, Ethel U.
Eldenmuller, Candida. Schwartz. Jennie
Enderle, Theodore Seeer. Mervln J.
(loebener, Henry Sullivan. John \V.
OoldJir.Ith (infant) Sutton. Fowler
Hammerquist, Tenni*. Jacob K.
Hick«y. Kate Van Winkle. Jas m
Hitte. Mariette Waltmann, Leopold
Holland. Alfred N. Wllzlniicl. Frances
Ijivin. Edward H. Wollltz. Theodore
McGrary, Pati lck '
WOODIjAXD-HlNKEL-HIXZ-tn Bakersfleld
March 2. 1901. by the Rev. Mr. Morgan of
f?t. Paul's Episcopal Church, George A.
Woodland-Hinkel and Louise Annella Hlnz.
MABRIED.
BORN.
AHLIK-In thin city, March IS, 1901, to the
wife of A. Alilin. a daughter. . i
AJISLEIl-In Ocean View. XIarch 21. 1001, to
the wife of C. S. Amsler, a son.
GOLDSMITH-In this city. March 21. 1901. to
the wife of Seymour Goldsmith, a gon.
MODESTE— In this city. March 17. 1901, to the
wife of August Modeste, a daughter.
MKHLBACH- In this cltr. March 14, 1901. to
the wife of Frank Muhlbach,* a son.
Birth, marrlare and death notices Bent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bi
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Fran* L. Helm, €0. 2238 Post street, and Her-
mine H. Schmidt. 62. 1SI4 CyFarrell street.
Conrad H. von Iia|>oard. 25. Oakland, and
.Sarah Stein. *5, E^ Capp street.
John P. Petterson. 24, Hi Drumm street, and
Llna I-all. 24. 422 Drumm street.
Orren \\\ . Horjkin>«. 2fi, Presidio, and Mary
Xelison. 29. Franklin.
. Lucien liouvet. 2», Russ House, and Mar-
guerite J. Ktcheverry. 23. San Diego.
John S. Uarlow. 2S, Bakersfleld, and Sadie
H. Wilson, n. Mlddletown. Cal.
Frederick O. Horneck. 26. 1717 Howard street;
and Annie M. Conens. 21. 1717 Howard stre«t.
Ah Chuck. 41, 3i rtoss alley, and Ah Fong,
25, 737 Jackson street.
¦outmrkh rAt'inc vohpajit.
(PAcirio itn»,)
Trains !•**• mil art tin* (• nrrlf • aft
M4.N lltlMlliro.
(Main tine. Toot cf Market Strsel)
M*T» - faOM Makch !«, I9oT~ - A»MT»
"" 7i00 a Mirtinei. San IUmon, Vallejo. Napa,
Uaiistog* and 8uu Rosa. «:33p
7i3Oa Benicl*. duUuu, Ebaixm. Vacmtillo.
Bnmasy and HMramanto 7:839
*:80» DbtIs, Woodland. Knight* Landing-,
Mwjrifllle. Ororille.. 7s31p
TiSO* AtlanUo Kxpress-Ogdra and Eut 12:23*
•(••a jrile*. Li»ennora, Tracy, Latkiop. .
Stockton TT. 7:aa#
Ss SO a Shasta Express— Davis, "Williams {tot
• B&rtlttt SprinpX WiUowt, Red
Bluff, Portland. 7s33j>
• iOOa 8«ii Jose, Lltermoru. Htoekkm,
Iona, BacTunento, Plmsmllla,
ManiTllla, Ctaioo. lUd Biuff -t.»3r
»i30 a Oakdale, Chlnene, Bonon, Carters... ¦* :33 r
•:OOa Haywards. Nilri »nd Wajr Ht»ttoni. Ili33*
•ttOAloa Angeles Eiprssa — ftWrtinez.
Trasy, Latfarop. Htoekton. Iteroed
VrtMtio and Lcs Angels* TiSS*
• i»fc a ValleJ.i. Martinet* ami Way Statlona BtSSy
1 OtOOA. Tho Overland Llrulted-Og Jen. D«-
»er, Oraah*, Chicago 6;33*
II :00a Nlles, Stockton, HMramento, Men-
dot*. Fresno, Haaford, Vlsalia,
PortarrUla «:23»
lltOOA Urermore. Banner. Goahan Junc-
tion. Bakersfleld, hot Ancalea.....
tliOOpBaeratneutoKifer Steamer* |3:tOA
tiOOr U«Bicla. Winters. Sserauitato,
Wooilland. KiiIkIU* Landing.
Marja*Ule. OrovUla..- |O:33 A
t;OOp Haywards. NUes and Waf Stations. BtOSr
4t«Or MarHnex. .Han lUmon, Val!»Jo,
Naps, (MNt(.«», Naiiu Koia U:33 A
fl:OOr Sunset limited, £1 Paoo, New
Orleans and East. §Hi23a
«:OOrTh<i Owl United— Trwr, Kic.qo.
BakenQeltl. Hangua for &«..»• Cat-
bara. L«» Anfele* 1I«S9a
4iBOr Hsywards. Mlcnaiid San Jose f«»:33.»
BitOrNew Orleans Eipreas— lUkertnalo,
Bsiit* Itarbara, I^<;8 Angolas. D*m-
Ing. El Puo, Maw Orltana and
Kaat.... ?>S3*
St««pI711es, LlTermors, Stockton. Lodl.... ll):.").i 4
¦:««r Uarwuds, Mies aud Man Jos? 7>33a
fO:O»r Vallejo 11:13*.
•iO«r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chlovgo 13:2.1p
• :OOr Otiectal Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omaba. Chicago. 4:23r
7>00r Oregon and California Ki|<reu,Hs.o.
rmiioiitit, MariiTlll*. ICe<Mliif,
l'artlan.l. I'ligek Huiiud ami Kask Si-ISa
8i«5pSaa Pablo, Putt Costa, Martina
ami Wai .Stations HiftS*.
l»!«3f Val1-j» 7»aar
COAST DIVISION (.farron Oause).
(Foot ot Market Str»et.)
Mt l» a Newark. LViiterttlle,8an.l(M«,rpl ton.
ISoiiitler Crroi. San taCr hi » m l Way
BUUous «i3O»
ISilSr Newsrk. Centertille, Han Jose, Nsir . gfjsa
AIinadeD, F«ltoo, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rlneipal Waf
Stations t'*>**&
4tlSp Newark. 8*n Joan. Los Gatoa Hi-IWa,
o9:30p Hunters' Exenrsion, San Jos* and
W»y8Utlons t"»^O*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr.»sn rtmeisco— fMt *r x.tk.t sumksu? s>—
tT:I8 9.00 11001. u. 1:33 3:33 SilSr.H.
rrtaOllURB— ft«l «r BrOdwtj.— t«:OO {9:00 tSrf>S
10:00*. M. 12:03 8:C3 l:53r.M.
COAST DITISION (Kroail (Janse).
(Thtr.1 and Townseml SU.)
tOilttA Ocean View. Honth Man Franclneo.. JS1SS7
7tO«Afla» Jose an.l \V»y 8kutlons (New
Alm»<leii W«.lii««Jajg nuly) ,. llSOf
OiOOa Hhii J(M». Trea PIiiim, Hitnta Crio,
r»ciile Cr.ua. l>aan IL.tilm. Han
{••¦Is OhiaiMt, Hnrf. I.orupoc and
l'tlnclpal Way St»ti..nn 4:l«r
inilOA San Ji>s« and Way Htatious «t.t54
IliStfA Han Jot* and Way Statlmi SiSOy
jai I5r San Matro, Itedwoori, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. 8*nta Clara, 8au Jose.
Tres Plnoa. Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey ami I'.cltic Grove tlOtnfl*
. t'tSwr San Jose aud War Stations 7i.t»p
f4:ISf Ban Joieand Principal Way .Stations BiISa
fSiOOrSan Jose, Los Gatoi and Prindpal
Way Stations tUiO«»
StSOp San Joae ami Principal Way Station* Mi3Sa
•t. tar San Joaaand WayStatinna t9i«>» A
Cllt4>1r San Jr«- ami Way Stations ?:30r,
A (or Morning. P tor Afternoon.
fHnniUy sie«pi«d. } Sonday onJjV .;
f Mondays, Wednesdays, THdaya. /
a Tnaadajs, ThurBdajm. Sundays.
• Saturday only, -
CALIfOKNIAjOSTBJ^STELN RY. CttT
SAN FRAXCISCO^ThD^NORTH PACIRS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Maricct 8«.
San Francisco to San Rtsfael.
TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OP MAKKET ST-
WEEK DATS-7:»0, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; K:J5. J.M.
•:10. (:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip at H:W
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M aad
11:30 p. m.
BTTNDAYS— 8:00. 1:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. *;«W
1:00. 1:20 p. m.
t>an cidjusl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAT&-«:10. 7:60. 1:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:i5.
t:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ax 1:35
and (:35 p. m.
EUNDAY8-«:10. •:«, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, J:W.
6:05, £.15 p. m.
Between San Francisco aad Schaetzea Park*
same schedule aa abOTa. ¦ j
Leave I In Effect I Arrtrej .
Sin Francisco. [Nov. 7. 1800. | WDi yranciaca.
Week I Sun- 1 ~~~~~ . I 8un- I W««k i
Day. I days. I Destination. | days, f Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am !:Wtm
1:30 pm >:30am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:25 arm
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm t:i2 pn .
Fnlton.
7:» an Windsor. 10 M aa
Healdsburs. -
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
t:»pm l:C0am Cloverdale. 7:» prr. t:i3 pta
7:30 ami I Hopland I - I
¦ I 1:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:22 pm
7:30 am W:J5 asi
8:W am GaersevlUe. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm __; - »:» pn>
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma.- | 9:15 ami 8:40 aa»
and I
B:10pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 1:05 pm| <:23 pn
7:30 am] 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 am!10:23 an»
8:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| t:22 pna
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyserville for Skafgs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvllI*. Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake?, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valle/.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*s BucknrlTs.
Eanhedrin Helxht*. Hullvllle. Orr'sIIot Springs.
Xlendoctno Oty. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Wllletts. LaytonvllTe, Cummings, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket office, (30 Market St.. Chronicle build*
mr. R- 3C rtax,
H. C. WHrnsO, Gen. Pass, A«t.
Oen. Manan»r.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Saiualito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
iv, •»¦ ritin, ««.«»>« »»»¦«.
9:15a.m.) xcvtnr r»AVq ( W»r.».
1:45 r. K. )¦ WEEK DAYS ., g..^ p H
4:00r. mt. J Stay over nigatattlie tavebx (W::« ,\.m.
8*0 a. M. 1 f 1:00 p. M.
I^otJJ: sukdavs_ . *%;%
1:13 r. >t. J l ">:•-> r. u.
Fare. San Fnnclfcn to Summit and Return. Jl.il. " •
Ticket Offices. 621 Market Sr,. «k Sausalito Kerry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EGARSY ST. Established
In IS34 for the treatment «f I'rlvata
lJlrscane*. l.i»t Mannood. Debility or
rilwasff wnrtngon hody and mlml and
Skin DLipnses. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Chargm low.
('¦irr'cunrantrrii. C»ltor wrtua>
Dr. 4. W. eiBBOX. wati Francisco, Cal. _
IN the Superior Ccurt of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sug-ar Company, a cor-
poration, upen its application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,397, Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue ot the laws ot the
State of California, and having Its office and
lilace -of business In the city and county ot
San Francifco, State of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment ot dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, March 25th.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. in., at the courtroom of
paid court. Department No. 10, in the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing ot said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official eeal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1901.
TPeal] WM. A. DEANE. CJerk.
By E. SX. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. <In-
florsed.) Filed Feh. 20. l<>01. WM. A. DEANE.
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL AUVEnT^SEMEVrS.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSATs^f^r^MneraT^T^sT^ew^Mont-
gomery et., San Francisco. Cal., March 20.
1901. Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be
received hers until 11 o'clock a. m., April eo,
1901. omJ then opened for furnlshinc and
Btortng here 150.000 gallons Mineral Oil. 13i*
flesh test, in cases of two live-gallon cans
each. Preference will be given to articles ot
domestic production and manufacture, condl-
. tlons or price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) and such preference given
to articles of American production and man-
ufacture produced on the Pacllic Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. ¦ Information
and blank proposals furnished on application.
KnvelopeE will be endorse "Proposals for
Mineral Oil," and addressed Major OSCAK
F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. «t-
TVPEWRITEUS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
e^l' Letter machines for lees money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. T.36 California: telephone Main 266.
TltrtSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
Joseph E. Brabant, ' husband of ' the. late
Connie: May Brabant, deslrta to express '¦ sin-
cere thanks to . his • many friends -. for . kind-
ness and. sympathy extended to him In hi
late bereavement. >taHn8BMBBI
CARD OF THANKS
T. L. I. No. 7— Sisters : '.; You are hereby notl-
• fled to attend an anniversary. requiem masn,
to be . celebrated for the repose ' of the • souls
of v our deceased : sisters,", at ...8t. v< Ignatius
Church, to-morrow (Sunday), commencing at
7:80 o'clock. JOSEPHINE T. SHEA. Pres."
MKS. .W. E. BOWES. Rec. Sec.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr 4 Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. '
WILZINSKI— In this city, March II, 1901
FVancfs Wllzinskl of Seattle, Wash., beloved
sister of Maria, Virginia, Mark and William
Wllxlnsk! and Albert • Wlliln, . and aunt of
Miriam Goodman, . a native of New York,
(Seattle and Portland papers please copy.)
ICNotlce of funeral In to-morrow's (Sun-
day) papers.
WOLLITZ— In Oakland, March 22. 190L Theo-
dore, beloved husband ' of Christine Wollltz,
and'father of Mrs. Frank Gruner, -Mrs. Wal-
ter Young and Theodore. A., Herman," Oscar,
Ernest, William and Adolph Wolllti, a na-
¦ tlve of Strelitz. Germany, aged 70 years 8
months and 9 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, ¦ from ¦> Druids' Hall, :
•Butter street, between Stockton and ' Powell,
San Francisco. _~ Services under the auspices
of SI eel Haln. Order " of Druids.' Interment"
. Odd Fellows' Cemetery."
JCyRemalns-at the parlors of H. F. Ruhr
&¦ Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, until 6 o'clock p. m. Interment
at Tchama. Tehama County. Cal. ¦
WALTMANN— In ' this city, March 22. 1901
Leopold Waltmann, , beloved husband of the
late Bertha J. Waltmann, and father of Mrs
Fred. Schutte and Mrs. Robert Barthel, a
native of Germany, aged 65 years 4 months
and 26 days. A member of > Norman Lodge
No. 1M1. K. of H.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636
Washington street.
VAN WINKLE— In this city. March 21. 1901
Jason Wingate Van Winkle, r relict- of the
late, Fernandez Van Winkle, and father of
John*.- William. Jason W. Jr., Reuben and
Bertie Van Winkle. Mrs. Ella Keuber and
i Mrs. Mattie Humphrey, a native of Illinois
aged 69 years 11 months and 7 days. r-
TENNIS— In this city, March 21. 1901, Jacob
¦ K. Tennis, beloved husband of Mathilda
Genevieve Tennis, and brother of Mrs. Anna
Oerriteen, a native of Helgoland, a*ed 66
years. .
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey A Son. - 1057
Misslcn street, thence to St. Rose's Church
for servlcea. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. *• . .
SUTTON— Entered Into rest.i In this city,
-'March 2L 1901, Fowler, beloved Husband 'of
KUza Sutton. a native of London, England,
aged 80 years and 6 months. •
ID-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2D27 Sacramento street. •' Interment
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1023 Hampshire street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 21. 1901, John
W. Sullivan, son of the late Michael and
Margaret Sullivan, and brother of Joseph
Sullivan. Mrs. M. Wei by, Mrs. ¦ Annie Hop-
kins and the late Michael Sullivan and Mrs.
Flynn, a native of San Francisco, aged SS
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from Pythian Castle. 909 Market
street, where services will be held, commenc-
ing at 12 o'clock. Interment CyDress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Sixth
and Hr.rrlson streets. Remain* at the par-
lors of II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
SAVAGE— In Eldredge, Cal.. March 19, 1901.
Ethel Baldwin Savage, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John A. Savage of Valona, Contra
County, a native of Srlby. Contra Costa
Ccunty. aged 10 years 2 months and 2 days.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. March 22. 1901. Jen-
nie Schwartz, beloved daughter of the late
Bartholomew and Jane Healey, and flster of
Frances and William Herfley, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years and 17 days.
SEGER— In this city. March Jl. 1901. Mervln
J. Seser. beloved son - of Henry and Lillian
Berer, brother of Adel Seger, and grandson
of Mr. aJid Mrs. A. Biedenbach, a native of
• San Francisco, aged 6 years 5 months and
17 dnys. ( •
CyFrlends and acquaintances and members
of 'the Longshoremen's Protective Associa-
tion are respectfully invited to attend tho
funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Mar-
ket street, between Klghth and Ninth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Croes Cemetery.
NEUBAL'ER-In this city, March 22, 1901, Ger-
trude, youngest and beloved daughter of
Ferdinand and Hedwig Neubauer. and sister
of Martha Neubauer, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged % years 1 month and 24 days.
NIWEI/-In this city, March 21, 1901, William
Nlliel. a native of Sweden, aged 70 years 9
months and 2 days.
NORTON— In this city. March .22. 1901. Ellen
M., beloved wife of the Into Cantaln Henry
M. Norton, and mother of Mrs. Jesse Cattish.
Mrs. Ida Kleve and Walter W. and. the late
Henry M. Norton, a native of Massachusetts,
aged CS years 7 months and 19 days. ¦ .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday*, at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SIS Larktn street, between Turk and
Eddy streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
O'CONNOR— In the City and County Hospital.
March J2. 1901. "Charlea R. O'Connor, a na- \
tlve of Iawa, aged 11 years. j
PETERS— In this city, March 22, 1901, Stephen ;
Peters, beloved father of John Peters. Mrs.
J. W. Ryan. Mrs. H. McMenemln and the
late Mrs. Mary lirannan. a native of Thurles,
County .Tipperary, Ireland, aged gl years 3
months and 2 days.
{C^Friendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. J. W. Ryan, 8623 Nine--
teenth street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem hlch mass will be
i celebrated for the repos? of his soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cr^s Cemetery.
QTJINN— In this city, March 20. 1901, Thomas
Qulnn, beloved husband of the late Mary
Quinn, beloved father of Mrs. N". J. Staud.
and brother of Mrs. Mar vie Kelson, a na-
tive of Swlnford, County Mayo, Ireland, aged
73 years. j
B^Frlends ancf acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to Rt. Brendan's Church,
corner Fremont and Harrison streets, where
- a solemn requiem hiirh mass will lie cele-
brated for the repose of his sonl. • commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RINES— In this city, March 20, 1901. Dr.
Charles H. Rlnes, beloved husband of Carrie
Mathilda Rines. brother of John Rines of.
Seattle, and twin brother of the late Joshua
R. Rines. a native of Xova 8cotla, aged 67
years 10 months and H days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervlcei
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Eiben &
Nor's Hall, corner of Seventh and ¦ Peralta
" Btreets, Oakland. Services under the aus-
pices of above-named lodger Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
LAVIN— In this city. March 20. 190L Edward
H.. beloved son of Edward and Matama,
Lavln. and brother of Dora. Willie. Mamie
and Mabel Lavln, aged" 20 years 4 months
and 12 days.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
rcsider.ee. 1532 Sanchez street, thence to : St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mats will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crofa Cemetery.
McGKARY— In this city. March 19. 1901, Pat-
rick. 1 nioved husband of Ellen McGrary. and
BtepfatheV of James E. Collins, a' native of
the parish of I'rney, County Tyrone, Ire-
land, aged 28 years. (Philadelphia, Fa., pa-
per* please copy.)
Cross Cemetery, by 12 -o'clock train from
Menlo Park.
DUNN— In this city, March 21," 1901, James
Dunn, a native of Ireland, aced 4S years. a
months and 20 days. v . ::•_- ¦ ,
ICTRemalnB at the parlors of Porter. &
White, 122 Eddy street. ... \
EIDENMULLEH— In this city, March 20, 1901,
Candida, dearly beloved wife • of : the late
Henry * Eldenmuller. .devoted daughter of
' 1 Metro and Maria Castacrnetto. and* sister of
Mrs. L. Morris and August Castagnetto. a
native of Italy.
ICT'The funeral takes place this day CSat-
urday), at 10:30 o'clock, from Bts. Peter and
Paul's Italian : Church, where a : solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated ,for the
repose of her soul. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
ENDERLE-In this city. March 20, 1901. Theo-
dore Enderle (member . of Alta Lodge No.
242. A. O. U. \V.). beloved husband of Bertha
Enderle, and father of Bertha and Theodore
Enderle. a native of Germany, aged 42 years
5 months and 6 days. ¦
C7"Frlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Ilalsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • V,
GOEBENER— In this city, March 21, 1901,
Henry Goebener, a native of Germany, aged
64 yearsv
GOLDSMITH— In this city, March 22. 1901, In-
fant son of Seymour and Carrie Goldsmith.
HAMMERQUIST— In this city. March 22. 1901,
beloved child of Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ham-
merqulst, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and .11 days.
HICKEY— In this city, March 22, 1901, Kate
Hickey, a native of Ireland, aged 75 year".
HITTE— In this cKy, March 22. 190L Marietta
Hitte. beloved wife 'of F. Hitte,; a native of
France, aged -IS years and 3 months. -
HOLLAND— In Oakland, March 20, 1901, Al-
fred Newton, beloved husband of Mary Jane
Holland, a native of England, aged 60 years
2 months and 5 days. A member of Occi-
dental Lodge No. 6. A. O. U..W.. and Court
Athens No. SS57. A. O. F. . • ¦
HH^L^^TB— COUSTRY— Fop Sale
Kji*. r >S5Sl ", la ""^li. pear anTpi^e
"* **?* pctat0 <"• corn Rround- 6
l \ N ? r S CoURtJ ' : no~drouths. no trripa-
tion. no failure of crops- write us for frie
- ' fa - BARTER. Bradley. Monterey Co.. St
tlr *?T I' at J Bn <» country property
for fale and wchangg. Pieaso c I n .
ffSli X E5 Main. Petaluma. for
copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
AXA3IEDA HEAL ESTATI5.
flOOO-CALL enTieTThe^ ~~~"
S1J"O— Cottajrcs near
|1^*£ — Schools and stations.
J"^ 00 — =-eiory house, 7 rooms; lot BCxlSO.
S^-'w— Modern cot tape, 6 roosis; near Morton
f-tatlnn.
Fumlsh«»d and unfurnished houses for rent.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.. Boy station. Ala-
m*da.
FOR SALn-Cholce new cottaRe of S rooms,
nparly f.n'frhed; t?C5. cottage 3 rooms lot
"¦¦xTO. J. H. YOUNG, tinilder. 12a Park st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
{227— LOT in Lcrln; soo ft. from BtationT~on
Berkeley local, riving a half-hour eervice to
han Francisco same time to city as from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot must be
sold. A. J. SXTDCR, 4C7 Ximh ft-. Oakland.
J50C0-A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
a\-e.: s room? and bath; modern; lot 5Crl25.
A. J. SXVPKR. «67 Ninth et.. Oakland. Cal.
A .BAXKER'S home. S rooms; rrandlr sltu-
K 'S^L. faalr block; magnificent grounds: over
J17.009 expended; quick pale; price |<K)OC: go-
ing to Europe. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
CO.. 4G0-4S2 Eighth ft.. Oakland.
• OAKLAND KCItMTlHB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Bchellhaa*. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
recrrvALE nocsEs.
5-F.OOM cottage to let; modern conveniences;
in Fruitvale. Inquire CSS Sacramento Et.
ROOMS FOR HOrSEKEGl'I.XG.
BARTLETT, 414—3 tunny connecting: unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; Elnk and bath.
McALLIPTER. 1000. cor. Cer.tra! eve. — J eunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping: sink; 110.
NINTH. 115— Tw naay housekeeping rooms;
running wator end bath: rea!«onab!e.
N1E, jr^ — S connecting rooms Jn modern lovrer
flat: large kitchen, r&nge. sink, yard: 516.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
roorn. $8; large eucny room and kitchen com-
plete for $12. V-------I
OXE large sunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent f 1 2-" per week. Apply at
rfioe store, CC2 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d fts.
SECOND. £12 — Furnished for housekeeping;
* dean. re?i>ectable and reasonable.
FHOTWELL. in— Two front rooms furnished
for light housekeeping; gas for cooking; bath. >
VAX NESS. furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range; other furn. rooms.
VAX XEP« ave., fi" — Entire parlor floor, with
r-nrulnr kitchen and yard; run ell day.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1*00 Fillmore 6t.
A PRANCir ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t
Vsien^lR rt,
nOOMS TO LET Fnrn. and I'nfnm.
AROTLE. The. <iu« finished), McAnTster eu".
cpp. City Hall Park— Select parties with ref-
erences are respectfully invited to inspect :
sbove premises; sunr.y euites. with or with-
out haihs: also single rooms; electric light;
elevator all night; Fteam heated: finest read-
(nir-rocm In the oitr on lower floor; Ifverled
callbcy* in attendance; every room tasty and
elegantly furnished; moderate prices; rocma
«hown in the evening.
BOOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms apartments. Tiou»ek~ep!ng. fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
f.neft in ettjr. tee ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., R Kearny «t.. tel. 1224 Red.
A 1 1 L15ORN' HOTEL. ST1 Grant ave.— Best dol-
!*ir a day fam!ly hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern conveniences;
• room* Kk up; Crst-clafs meals 23c; free coach.
A-BRUXSWICK HOTTPE. 14S Sixth-Rooms.
2JW; to Jl per nicht: fl Zj to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; or*n all night.
UrnN-KTT. US* SIsrkPt fold No. 1S64)— Fur-
nifbed rrr.s., r\:'.\r\ einsle; ilso unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 7:»-ChoTce rooms; reasonable
rent.
CALIFORNIA. 1'2T— Sunr.y single, double and
houp*>kppping rooms from $6 up.
EDDY. £72— N>w elegantly furnished rooms, en
Fulte or single; i^e them; reasonable.
PCUTOX. 11*".— I^arge sunny front room; also
?Iup!e room and a housckpeplni? room.
CHANrT SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
end Mi^slon sis.— Sunny rooms, en pult* or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HYDE. 15>— Larpe FUnny front room, nicely fur-
r.i^hod. to rf?;'* i ct8ble party; bath and teL
SEBSXB. S63, near Fifth on<1 Siarket— Furnished
r^om. $4 per month; large front. 2 beds. $S.
MARKET, lOj:— Chnrpcd hands; nice eunny !
double room!« t fl 23 up. ;
MARKET. ICCS. opp: .Tones— Furnished tunny
roomf. rTmrl" or double: bath.
MINNA. 172. near Third— Eunny front rooms;
nsq- ¦
JJIBKIOIf. furnished single room.
fl SS a week.
NEW APXINGTON. 1C1S Market et.— Nicely
furnlfhed rooms, $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
IK. 11?— Sunr.y front room furnished for light
ousek«?r>lng; cln»t; one person. $5.
"ARRELL. 20 — funny furnished rooms and
Tfic»s: elevator; rl*c. light*; day. wk., mo.
PT. 215-Elepant rooms. $2?) to J8 a week;
entlemen preferred.
YAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
"•ading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
>r; rC'Omf. r/r nl^ht, 25c to $1 50; week. |2 to
t; month. f£ to $3f>: elevetor on ground floor:
>onu with hot and cold water; baths.
SDDALB House, 319-321 Ellis et.— Rooms.
Irht. 3c to 11; week. SI 23 to $4; open night.
EVENTIl. 225. near Howard— One sunny
unfurnished room.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth et.. nr.
Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE BERLIN. 22? Kearny— Elegant suite*;
single rooms; running water; transient.
VAN NESS ave., 1419— N<*wly furnished front
*tiite an<l single room: sag, bath; telephone.
CLASSIFIED advert dements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f*b«crlption« has been established at IMC
vairnoia ft.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
niurch. with anner KC7 California «t.. may
he found a mf el exceptionally good table, at-
tractive sn.l Fichlly rooms at modest rates. '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
f !5".000 TO loan on 1st mortgages; will loan on
*¦"> per cent; easy payment*; mutual plan.
Apply M. J., box H7S. Call office.
MATERXITV HOSPITTL7w7~Market *t.-La-
«5!e* during conflnrment w. 10 days' care, $20.
HAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
rlty or country. PAOFIC COLLECTION CO..
<H Montgomrry rt., rooms 8-19; tel. S5S0.
SEWIXO MACHINES AAD SUPPLIES.
ALL kir*5« bought. *e!d and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamtyck. 331i Mission, nr. 15th.
AI-L kinds bought, pold. rented, exchanged, rc-
• paired; open even.; phone Black J1I4. 205 4th.
IwurCIIT. sold, rented, repaired: needles an3
«huttle«: reduced rate*. 145 Cth: phone Mints.
• SHOW CAnPS AXD POSTERS.
FHOW rardff, window ticket*, poster*. DES-
MONP. 117& Malt**!, r. 103. i>hone Folsom 15C3.
STOll.iGUA.Vn WAREHOUSES.
iTEIVCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Poxt and I'owrll sl5. : tel. Mafn 5711.
ITTKIN8 Van ahd Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main l«0; Ehipping at cut rates. - - -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Mo»ine Com-
r*n>-. iS20 Fillmore kU; phone Jackson 281.
GOLIJKN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 MIs-
tlcn ct.; tel. Mint 1S2L Y. IV. ZEUFUSS.
SU3I3IEII UESORTS.
LARKSPUR, Oil.— Wantrd— A few select
boarders Tor the summer, with references.
Address P. O. box 54.
BAIXWAY TBAVEU
''Queeni of Flyers,"
the
California Limited
.San Francisco
to Chicago
on the
SANTA FE
Leaves San Francisco
at 9:00 a. m. dally.
Is to love her—
so say those
who know the
TO KNOW
HERExamination Cot Teachers.
The City Board of Examination yester
day ;issued'a programme for the examina
tion for teachers' . certificates ' to be held
in Lincoln Grammar School ' from March
23 to March 20 Inclusive'
Marriage Contract Recorded.
A marriage contract .was recorded yes
terday in which Fred W. Marshall and
Charlotte Schwarz agree s to live ; together
as husband and wife. - The instrument * is
dated rsovember 19. and* was witnessed by
J. J. Sweeney and Mrs. H. Schwarz, 1 moth
er of one of the contracting parties. The
contract was acknowledged ." by Mrs
Schwarz before Notary*- Public- Justin
Gates.
Delightful Ocean Trips.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailing
every- Sunday i and .."Wednesday for San
Diego. stopping , only at i Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles ports. 'Improved service,
low . rates. Pacific Coast Steamship t
office: 4; New' Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. >*iBMiMflMl*Bfaifi»a«B»M»MHH«aa
New Shipping, Directors.
The Pacific Coast Steamship
has Issued a card for the convenience of
shippers giving shipping, directions cover
ing Alaska' and Xorthwest Territory Brit
ish Columbia. Idaho,*. Montana, Orejror
and Washington. , „ . *
As many of the publications upon which
shippers now rely are incorrect this pub
lication is much, sought after, as it Is in
valuable to those desiring, to know with
out question, the proper routing of freight
covering the above territory. Copies of the
cards are given free to parties interested
on application at the vffice of :the Pacitio
Coast Steampshlp Company, 10 Market
Btreef. \. ;
BIG PRESBYTERIAN RALLY
IN METBOPOLITAN ; HALL
Rev. I>r. Dickey, a Brilliant Platform
Orator, to Deliver an Address
— . Sunday Night.
To-morrow promises to be a day of
rare , Interest to the Presbyterian people
of San Francisco.' The! Rev. Charles A.
Dickey, D.D., of Philadelphia, moderator
of the general assembly, will arrive: in
this city this evening, and , Sunday
Evening a grand rally of the Presbyterian
forces will be held in Metropolitan Tem
ple'to greet the distinguished- visitor.
Dr. -Dickey will -deliver an address on
the . twentieth century forward movement
which the church Is taking up with wlde
tpread enthusiasm. He Is one of the most
eloquent and- forceful platform speakers
of the country and doubtless many hun
dreds of our. citizens will avail themselves
of. the opportunity to hear him. , -
A grtat song service by the united
Christian Endeavor societies will begin at
7 o'clock, to be followed by Dr. Dickey's
address at 8. It Is expected* that all -the
Presbyterian churches of the city; will be
closed and that .' the congregations will
unlteln this centralmeetlng. The public
are cordially invited: to attend.
JAMES W. ERWIN SHOWS
COLLECTION OF SLIDES
Entertains Large Audience With
Views Taken in China, Japan
and Manila.
The annual pay exhibition of the Call-
fornia Camera Club at the Metropolitan
Temple last night drew a crowd that
taxed the capacity of the hall. The fea
ture of the evening was the exhibition of
snapshots taken in the land of the Chi
nese, .the Japanese and the Filipino by
James W. Erwln, postal inspector. While
exhibiting his slides Mr.' Erwln delivered
a lecture giving a short history of the
countries in which the pictures were
taken. . ' . . . : . ,
Mr. Erwin Is a very pleasant talker, and
held the attention of the audience during
the entire exhibition. His remarks were
also-desciiptive of the many kinds of peo
ple to be found In China, Japan and Ma
nila. He possesses a great fund of,knowl
edge'concerning these countries and their
people and delivers Jt in a manner that
holds the attention of his audience.
During the intermissions 'the audience
was entertained with selections* by the
Knickerbocker male quartet and a read
ing by Miss. Ada BIbby. .
RESCUED SLAVE GIRLS
GIVE THEIR TESTIMONY
Inform Grand Jury That No Attempt
Was Made by Police to Aid
Them. .
Six slave girls rescued from the Chinese
quarter gave lestimonv yesterday, after
noon before the Grand Jury- Four of them
were from the Presbyterian Mission and
were under the charga of Miss Donaldlna
Cameron. The other, two were escorted to
the Grand Jury rooms by Miss Margaret
Lake of the Methodist Mission. The testi
mony of the girls was in substance the
same as given before the legislative
committee several weeks ago. They testi
fied that they • had . been held in bondage
and that no effort wa« made by the police
to rescue them. It devolved on the agents
cf the Chinese missions to aid them in
escaping. A Chinese babe two years old,
rescued from a house of ill repute several
months ago, accompanied Miss Cameron's
party of rescued slaves. . . /. ;
After listening to the testimony of . the
girls the Jurors called Miss Lake and had
her tell the story of the battle in a Jack
son-street den Thursday night, whoa
watchmen employed by the Chinese pro
vented the rescue of a firl who was anx
ious to go to the mission'.
The Investigation Into Chinatown affairs
will be resumed next FTiday. "
FIRE LIMITS ARE TO
BE SLIGHTLY EXTENDED
Ordinance Fixing Inspectors' Fees
for Altsring or Erecting Build
ings Is Kecommended.
The joint Committee on Fire, Judiciary
and Building reported yesterday In favor
of extending the fire limits so as to in
clude the district bounded by Folsom,
Howard, First and Steuart streets, v it
was proposed to make Sutter street the
dividing fire line and also to include Polk
street from Sutter to Jackson, but after
listening to the protests of A. S. Baldwin,
representing the Crocker estate, J. C.
Quinn and P. Boland, representing prop
erty owners on Polk and Sutter streets,
the districts named were eliminated from
the fire limits.
A large number of Interested parties ad
dressed the committee in opposition to the
proposed ordinance fixing a schedule of
inspection fees to be charged "for alter
ing or erecting buildings and providing
for the issuance of permits therefor by
the Board of Works. The committee,
however, denied the protest and recom
mended the ordinance for passage.
Attorney Foulds Informed the commit
tee that the Market- Street Railway Com
pany has agreed to reconstruct the road
way on Bosworth street so that the side
walks thereon will be ten feet In width.
The Civil Service Commission held a
epecial meeting last night for the purpose
of ascertaining from Tax Collector Scott
what he intended to do regarding the ap
lolntment of fourteen deputies from the
wlgible lift, whom he selected on Febru
ary 13 last. Scott did not put in an ap
pearance, but sent a letter instead, which
he ha.d received from his attorney, A.
Ruef. In the letter Huef stated that he
did not have the time to inquire into the
legal questions regarding the differences
Jietween the old deputies and those certi
fied by the commission. He promised to
advise Scott on ihe subject to-day, and
the commission adjourned without taking
any action.
After the meeting President Freud
stated that Scott Is evidently awaiting the
action of the Governor on the Tyrrell bill,
which prevents removals of those officials
who have taken an oath of office. Freud
Bays that if the Governor signs the bill
its constitutionality will 'be tested In the
court. Should he veto or pocket it, Freud
Is of the opinion that Scott will give in
and put the civil service deputies to work.
The Governor has until next Wednesday
to sicn the bill.
EPARS TOR MORE TIME IN
CIV3X SERVICE DISPUTE
Scott A\raits Governor's Action on
Bill Constitutionality of Which
"Will Be Tested.
"When that tired feeling comes over you, drink
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
Under the terms of the option the prou
«>rty can be purchased within ninety days
frcm March 15, 1901. The price fixed is
jaou.OO'. This is the same price that w*s
put on the property fo> - this purpose'when
the plans tor the new building and th'?
general union of the various exchanges -if
the city were first broached. The o!d op
tion having expired. It was necessary to
grant a new one. Progress Is being made
in getting the plans ir.lo shape and the
enterprise promises to. be successful.
The Merchants* Exchange corporation
has given a new option on the property
o? the association on California street,
between Montgomery and Sansome
streets, to the proposed new exchange,
which purposes putting up a splendid nev/
l»ulldir:g on the site of the present struc
ture. A meeting of th*> stockholders was
hold yctterday afternoon to consider tl:t*
matter. No opposition «as made.
for Purchase Is Ninety
Bays.
Pries Is Fixed at $300,000 and Tims
*"EW OPTION GIVEN ON
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
Sembrich Will Not Sing To-Day.
The cold from which Madame Sembrlch
has been suffering during the past week
Is much better, but still not entirely well,
end her phjwrrian has therefore advlfed
Jw-r that it wmild be Imprudent for her
to ping before Monday evening. The per
formance of "Don Pasquale" will, there
fore, be given on Wednesday evening, in
stead of this (Saturday) afternoon.
pelled to Draw Their Revolv
ers in Self-Defenss.
Policemen Herring and Mangan were
Attacked by twenty cavalrymen on Green
wich street, near Baker, a few minutes
before midnight Thursday. The policemen
were forced to draw their clubs and use
them freely upon their assailants. The
cavalrymen retreated, but returned to the
affray in a few minutes. The officers were
then forced to draw their revolvers to de
fend themselves, which ha'd the effect of
making the cavalrymen again beat a pre
cipitous retreat.-
Herring was .badly beaten and Mangan
was struck several times on the face and
bedy. He was not so seriously Injured as
Herring and was able to appear in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesferday and swear to
complaints for the arrest of three of the
cavalrymen, who were the ringleaders, on
a charge of battery. Their names are not
known, but Mangan says he can identify
them. There were spots of blood on Man
gan's uniform as evidence of the fierce
ness of the flght.'
Officers Herring and Mangan Com-
TWENTY CAVALRYMEN
ATTACK TWO POLICEMEN
CHIEF COUNSEL U_EJiRIir
• PLEASED WITH HIS VISIT
Returns From the East and Predicts
a Great Future for Cali
''", fornia.
William F. Herrln,: chief counsel of the
Southern Pacific Company, returned yes
terday from a flying trip to "Washington,
D. C. He left San Francisco a little less
than three weeks ago and returns satis
fied ' with ' his trip, but the nature .of his
business I he declines to state.
"From my observations, I believe that
California is attracting the attention of
the Eastern people," said Mr. Herrln last
night.' "A visitor • from this State is be
sieged with questions as to its resources,
cllmafe and other matters of interest. I
think the next decade will see a wonder
ful increase in our business. I look for
a great gain in Oriental trade. .
"•I went East over the Central Pacific
line and encountered snow, Ice and bliz
zards. I returned over the Sunset route
and there found a most striking change
of. climate. Kverythlng was green, flow
ers were blooming and an overcoat was
needless. It was just like a California
spring day all the way.
"While In Washington I had the pleas
ure of meeting President McKlnley. He
Is enthusiastic over his prospective trip
to this coast, and I am sure that we will
realize our gain later. With the Influx
of so many prominent people that will
accompany him, I = cannot but be Im
pressed with the fact that future legisla
tion in the halls of Congress will redound
to ¦ our material benefit." ¦
-Regan"ng the recent changes In the
manage/:; ;nt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, Sir. 1 ' Herrln declined ' to enter into
any extended discussion.
"A comparison with Eastern roads," he
said, "will result favorably to our system.
True, we have not the population to draw
upon as have the roads running through
the more closely settled regions of the
Eastern States, but In operation we a"Ve
equal to them. An aggressive forward
policy will likely- be followed by the new
management, based on the demands of
traffic." . : .
United States Immigration Inspector
North and United States Attorney Wood
worth held a conference yesterday upon
the subject of Chinese female slavery in
this district and the mode of abolishing it.
Both gentlemen came to the conclusion
that It will be a difficult matter for the
Federal authorities to accomplish their
object for the reason that nine out of
every ten of the. female chattels are so
by choice and that the others will deny
the fact that they are slaves.
All that can be done by the Federal
authorities would be to arrest all Chinese
women residing in houses of ill-fame on
a charge of being illegally In the country.
Then the women will produce their pa
pers showing that they have a right to
be here, and this will necessitate their
discharge. The only hope that anything
may be accomplished by making such ar
rests is that some of the women may have
gained a landing through false represen
tations, in which event they, will be de
ported.
The Federal raid of three years ago waa
mentioned as an instance of Chinese meth
ods of working. In that raid twenty-seven
women were arrested and all produced
their papers. They were released.
It is the unanimous opinion of the Fed
eral officials that the police can abate the
evil by arresting these women for vag
rancy and placing a police blockade at the
entrance of the houses with instructions
to arrest all male visitors under the State
laws. This Is the way the police drove
white girls out of Chinatown some years
ago and the only effective way by which
they drive lewd women out of respecta
ble nelshborhoods. If the Chinese slaves
are not permitted to ply their vocation
they will become unprofitable and thus
lose their commercial value.
. It was agreed that nothing would be
done In the matter until the return of
United States Marshal Shine from the
East. ¦ . .
Conference Between Inspec
tor North and Attorney
Woodworth.
EFFORT TO ABATE
CHINESE SLAVERY
to a crowded house. The brilliant pianist
outdid herself and aroused overwhelming
enthusiasm. . The first number on the pro
gramme was the "Moonlight" sonata of
Beethoven. It was rendered with a rich,
warm sympathy, delicate pathos and bril
liant execution that gave fullest value to
each phase of the beautiful movements.
The Chopin group was given with utmost
grace, and consisted of the Nocturne op.
37, No. 2; the Barcarolle (by request), A
.Hat Etude and the A flat Ballade. There
was also a Schubert group, the charm-
Ing A flat "Impromptu," the picturesque
."Soiree de "Vienne.'V Schubert-LJszt, and
the Schubert-Tausig "Marche Mllitaire,"
which simply carried .the audience off its
feet. Twomumbers new here; a delight
ful Oriental tone poem. "An Arabian
Night." and a "Scherzino" of Regina
"Watson's, were much enjoyed; the beau
tiful Tschaifcowsky "Nocturne" was re
peated by special request, and the sixth
"Hungarian Rhapsodle" of Liszt, which
was clven heroic rendering, roused the
audience to the highest pitch of enthusi
asm.
Mme. Carreno graciously responded to
two encores, giving her own graceful little
"waltz" and the Chopin "Berceuse."
She leaves this morning for the north.
MME. CAILRENO GIVES :
HER FIN AI* RECITAL
Brilliant Pianist Arouses Great En
thusiasm on Her Last Appear
ance in This City.
The last j recital of Mme. Carreno waa
given last evening at Sherman-Clay Hall
Governor strenuously Insisted that this
Important "duty assigned to the health of
ficers should receive immediate attention.
Negotiations are going on which prob
ably will result in an agreement between
the Alaska Commercial Company, the
Alaska Exploration Company, the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company of Seattle, the Ames Mercantile
Company of Cape Nome, the Seattle-
Yukon Trading Company of Seattle and
Dswson, and perhaps other corporations.,
by which rates will be maintained in the
Alaskan and Yukon trade and many
causes of difference will be done away
with during the life of the compact. This
much is admitted by gentlemen whose
connection with the corporations that
have been mentioned gives them informa
tion of the progress of negotiations. At
the same time they strenuously deny that
an agreement on all points has yet been
reached. ¦ , , .
There was trouble of various kinds on
the Yukon River and at Cape Nome last
year There were differences concerning
lighterage. Passenger rates were slashed
and competition in supplying the needs of
the miners was quite keen. Then strikers
interfered with the plans that were
made. Altogether, so say the transpor
tation and trading companies, the con
ditions were unsatisfactory.
Recently Seattle business men have been
In San Francisco, trying to bring about an
agreement for the common benefit of the
steamship men and the supply agencies.
It was advanced here as an argument that
San Francisco Interests would profit by
having uniform rates, and this has ap
peared to strike the local parties most
In interest \o be the fact. The North
American Commercial Company Is not in
cluded in the parties conferring, and Is
not concerned because it deals only *ln
ccal at Dutch Harbor, and has no interest
in the general trade in provisions and sup
plies for the north. When the agreement
is In operation the trade of Cape Nome.
Port Clarence, St. Michaels, Dawson and
the river trade of the YuLon generally
will be regulated to the satisfaction of all
the companies. The bulk of the trade of
the north and-far northwest Is carried on
by the five companies mentioned in the
foregoing.
Compani«s in Alaskan
Trade Arranging to Pre
serve Fixed Rates.
CHINATOWN of San Francisco Is
about to receive what It has long
needed— thorough cleansing and
fumigation. The topic was fully
discussed at the Palace Hotel yes
terday in a prolonged conference, In.whlch
Governor Gage, Mayor Phelan, Henry T.
Scott and others participated.
The Call has heretofore' insisted, that
vigorous sanitary measures should be
adopted to cleanse and purify the Chinese
quarter. Then the objection waa raised
that the city had no money to pay for
the clean-up. At the conference yester
day the lack of funds. was again put for
ward hi- the Mayor as an excuse for de
laying the proposed work. After,long and
earnest discussion of the various meas
ures to provide the necessary funds, the
Governor came to the rescue of the mu
nicipal authorities with a proposition to
advance the money from the sum recently
appropriated by the Legislature to insure
the enforcement of sanitary regulations
in California; This offer was readily ac
cepted. s 1 *^:*
It Is understood that the clean-up In
Chinatown will be systematic and effec
tive. The health authorities, under whoso
direction the work must be prosecuted,
will not merely eradicate a bad spot here
and there and then abandon operations;
on the contrary, the scope of fumigation
and general sanitation will embrace the
entire district which is densely populated
by Chinese. The work will not be sus
pended until Chinatown is clean. The
NORTHERN LINES
MAKING COMPACT
COPYISTS FEAR
NEW EXAMINATION
Book Typewriting Machines
in the Recorder's Office
the Cause.
Civil Service Commission "Will In-
quire Into legality of Innova
tion Which Is Not Coun
tenanced by Charter.
The attention of the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners will be directed in,
a few days to the proposed introduction
of books typewritten by machines in the
Hall of Records with a view to determin
ing the legality- of the records copied In
that manner. Fifteen machines are now
being operated on trial and the results are
far from satisfactory, according to the
searchers of records, who are best quall
ned to Judge. Recorder Godchaux Intends
to ask for ail appropriation of $4000 In the
next tax budget . to purchase the ma
chines outricht.
The copyists employed in the office are
afraid that if the machines are adopted
the Civil Service Board may order new
examinations for typewriters, and this
would result in some of them losing their
positions. In the United States Civil
{Service separate examinations are held
lor typewriting clerks.
While r.b action has yet been taken by
the municipal commission. Its attention
not having been officially called to the
contemplated innovation in the Record
er's oRice. the subject will be discussed
ct the next meeting.
The point at issue is on the Interpreta
tion of the charter provision, ¦which says:
'•The Recorder may appoint as many
copyists us he may deem necessary, who
thall receive not more than S cents for
each one hundred words actually writ
ten." The term "actually written" is
taken by 6ome to mean written by hand.
The exclusion of the word "typewritten"
would seem to preclude the use of type
writing machines.
There era at present twenty copyists
employed in the Recorder's office, and It
es claimed that the use of the machines
v.-lli result in cutting down the force at
least one-half, as the records can be
bopied in much less time by machine.
On tho other hand, searchers say that
fince the typewriters have been intro
duced it has been necessary to recopy 120
Instruments on account of mistakes or
emissions. Erasures are frequent, and
the danger from changes In the name of
the grantor or grantee after the record
t.&s been finally passed is apparent. Ex
posure to the sun and air, It is contended,
will render the records Illegible after a
errtajn period. Altogether It is a knotty
question, which the Civil Service Com
mjtsion ¦will be called upon to decide
should the typewriting machines be al
lowed by the Supervisors. Not the least
important v.Ul be whether a new examin
ation should be ordered for typewriting
machine clerks, as the one held for copy
ists was on entirely different lines.
POLICEMEN STUDY
FOR EXAMINATION
Steps Being Taken to Test
Candidates Who Want
Promotion.
Civil, Service Commissioners "Will
Shortly Submit Rulss for the Ap
proval pf the Board of Police
- Commissioners.
Sergeants, corporals and patrolmen In
the Police "Department are all agog over
the forthcoming examination before the
Civil Service Commissioners for promo
tion. They, are busy thinking over what
they learned at school and storing their
minds with problems In arithmetic and
other elementary subjects. Some of them,
such as Sergeant Conboy, are calmly
awaiting the ordeal, but' others are losing
flesh through worry and deep study.
The adjourned meeting between the Civil
Service Commissioners and Police Com
missioners to decide upon subjects of ex
amination and marks to be allowed for
"distinguished service," "highly meritori
ous service" and "good and efficient ser
vice" was to have been held yesterday
afternoon In the office of the Police Com
missioners, but there ¦was no quorum.
Those present were Police Commissioner
Mahoney and Civil Service Commissioner
Freud, besides . Chief Sullivan and the
secretaries of "the two boards.
The matter was talked over informally
and it was decided. that the Civil Service
Commissioners would, submit the rules
governing the examination with marks for
service of the three grades shortly to the
Police Commissioners, for their approval,
so . that the examination, mental and
physical, can be held in the near future.
They were provided with a list of the
sergeants in the order of seniority which
had been prepared' by Clerk Cadwalader.
It was understood that "if an applicant had
been fined by the board for infractions of
the rules of the department so many
marks would be deducted. Another point
was that sergeants and patrolmen who
were not on street duty had not the same
chance of distinguishing themselves and
an allowance should be made for them.
There are at present six lieutenants and
according to the charter there should be
ten. There are forty-three sergeants, and
there should be fifty,' and 505 patrolmen
where there should be 6S4. There are also
thirteen corporals.
Upper Court Overrules Exception of
His Attorney to the Return
of" the Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
"Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper, was
Jubilant yesterday . morning ' when Po
lice Judge Fritz decided that -he
could not be held to answer before
the Superior Court on . the charge
of forging the seal of the "High Court of
Chancery, London, England," to th© pur
ported will of Miss Chadwlck. The Judge
held that the burden of proof that such a
court of record was in existence was upon
the pro-jecution and they had failed to da
bo. He did not think It necessary to go
Into the question as to whether any one
had been defrauded or deceived by; Coop
er's use of the seal. If the complaint had
stated "purporting to be a seal of a court
of record" the caso might have been dif
ferent.
The proceedings on the writ of habeas
corpus for Cooper's release wero com
menced before Judge Cook ' yesterday
morning. . Assistant District Attorney
Deuprey asked fora continuance till the
testimony taken before Judge Fritz could
bo transcribed by the stenographer of the
court. The stenographer was allowed ten
days, and the time will not elapse for five
days yet. ' ' . , \
Attorney Murphy, • for the defendant,
took an exception to the sufficiency of
the, return made to the writ on the ground
that the complaint against the defendant
did not state sufficient facts to consti
tute a crime. He argued that the meaning
of deceiving or detrauding a person by
sending a- l'alse or forged telegram was
in regard to something material. In this
case there was nothing material, only the
Intent to mnrryv
The Judge said he did not want to hear
any argument from the Assistant District
Attorney, as he was satisfied the inten
tion of the Legislature was to punish peo
ple for forging a telegram with the. object
of deceiving or defrauding another per
son. He referred .to the difference In the
.punishment prescribed for forgery proper
and for lorgins a telegram In suppot of
hla contention. He thought there was
sufficient In the complaint to constitute a
crime and he overruled the exception.
It was ihen agreed that the argument
on the evidence would bo made Tuesday
morning, by which time tha testimony
will have been transcribed.
A rumor was circulated yesterday that
Nora Schneider had been married before
eh© hiet Cooper and had not been divorced
from her husband, but the police laugh at
it and eay that It emanated from Cooper
for obvious reasons.
Judge Fritz JMsmisses the
Charge Against Him of
Forging a Seal.
COOPER WINS ONE
OF IIS POINTS
In the Divorce Court.
Mary Shipley was granted . a divorce
from Fordyce Shipley yesterday on the
ground or extreme cruelty. Suits for dl-
Mayor's Power • to . Remove Officials.
Auditor Wells is in receipt of a verbal
opinion from his attorney. Reuben H.
Lloyd, that Mayor Phelan can only re
move "officials of the city government for
criminal cause. - It has been the accepted
opinion that: the: Mayor is empowered to
remove any official for the slightest dere
liction., for Instance a refusal to appoint
subordinates from the civil service list, as
In the case of Recorder Godcnaux."
Leske Tells of His Loss.
The preliminary examination of John
Hansen on a charge of grand larceny was
commenced before 'Judge . Conlan yester
day. Hansen is accused of having
"steered" . Herman Leske to a. room on
Taylor street, where Leske parted 'witn
$545. Leske explained how he was ac
costed by Hansen on March 14 and In
duced to: go to the room and how he
thought he - had a . good hand In a poker
game, but found that another man- had a
better one. For the' defense It was
claimed that Hansen. after Leske lost his
money/asked him to go back to the room
and he would: get the -men to return -It.
but Leske -refused. The .Judge will give
his decision Monday.
The Southern Paclfio Company has
"kept tab" carefully on Miss Helen
Ellis for several months, and the result
of the detective work of the great corpora
tion was made apparent yesterday on th©
cross examination of th© fair plaintiff by
Joseph Dunn, counsel for the corporation.
Miss Ellis is pale of visage and slight of
frame, and she is trying to convince a
Jury in the. United States Circuit Court
that the railroad company owes her $50,000
for injuries which she alleges she received
last July by the derailing of a Pullman
car between Delta and Gibson. :
Her counsel, Mr. Learning, placed her on
the stand to tell of the disastrous effects
of the shakeup. She said that up to the
time of the accident her health had been
perfect, and she enjoyed social pleasures,
literary pursuits and square meals with
equal gusto. After the accident, she said,
she lost her appetite, became hysterical,
melancholy and troubled with Insomnia
to such an extent that she was obliged to
sit up until between 1 and 2 o'clock in the
morning before she could go to sleep.
In addition" to these destructive changes
Miss Ellis swore that she could no longer
read solid literature with the same degree
of mental concentration as formerly and
that she was unable to continue her vo
cation as a teacher of elocution. Her Hie
since the accident, she declared, was a
bleak desert of nervous and Intellectual
misery and starvation, without a single
oasis of comfort and repose.
Then Mr. Dunn took the lady gently in
hand for the purpose of cross-examina
tion After inquiring Into the visible In
juries sustained by the lady, consisting
of a bruised shoulder and hip and a. cut
lip and forehead. Mr. Dunn turned his at
tention to her mode of life In Hanford for
several months after the accident. From
a carefully prepared - memorandum he
asked a series of questions that showed
that every movement of the plaintiff had
been closely watched by persons in the
interest of the railroad company. For
instance as an evidence of her hearty ap
petite he. directed her attention to the
three square meals she at© dally in the
Hotel Artesia at Hanford, to her consump
tion on a certain occasion of a wad of llm
burger cheese and a plate of sour pickles,
to her roaming the hills on hunting ex
cursions, her attendance at the theater,
her remaining up until midnight and after
at card parties, to her winning the sec
ond prize in a progressive euchre party
as showing that the accident had not im
paired her mental faculties, and to the
fact that during all the months that she
spent In Hanford she had never asked for
or obtained medical attendance, and that
far from being melancholy she laughed
and -Jested at the. hotel table as merrily
as the gayest of them.
The witness admitted all the facts ex
cept the eating of the llmburser. She said
that It had been sent to her table by some
friends at another table and that she had
pretended to eat it.
Miss Ellis Dtnif s That Her
Appttite Is Big Enough
for That. v
DRAWS A LINE
AT LIMBURGER
vorce have been filed by Nellie Jennings
against Peter Jennings for , Intemperance.
Mary Fletcher against George T. Fletcher
for desertion. Bruce Ffoulkes against
Jeanette D. Ffoulkes for Infidelity and
Annie A. Byrne against J. "W, Byrne for
cruelty.
Most of the business houses In Mexico
are closed for an hour and a half In th<*
middle of the day. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1903
Governor Gage Agrees to Advance
Money From Sum Appropriated by
Legislature v for Sanitary Measures
PROVIDES THE FUNDS
TO PURIFY CHINATOWN
GOVERNOR H. T. GAGE, WHO
AGREES TO FURNISH. FUNDS
TO CLEANSE CHINATOWN.
14
TO-DAY
IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.
WOMEN'S WAISTS.
Something , new in . fancy Striped Dimity
Waists, Blouse : and Kangaroo effect,
trimmed with narrow. Valenclenne lace;
worth {2 SO. .On -sale to-day fljl A Q
EASTER STYLE WAISTS, made of best
White Organdy, Blouse or Kangaroo ef-
fect, yolks ; neatly trimmed with all-over
lace; exclusive styles. On CO a cr
eale 5)Z»^O
EASTER DRESSES
For Chtldren and Misses, made of finest
lawns, India linens and organdlee, several
styles, all' neatly trimmed. On sale from
$1.5(> to $5.OO; made to order without
extra charge.
FANCY PERCALE WAISTS, very new-
est. Kangaroo effect. On sale.... ORJr»
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS,
Made of best ¦ Percale, style entirely new,
waist and sleeves lined. Bretelles. collar
ami cuffs nicely trimmed, sizes 32 Ofis**
to 46. On sale at J/O**
CHILDREN'S CAPES.
Our factory has Just .turned In some very
swell styles In Children's Pique Capes,
all trimmed with wide embroidery and
lined with white Marseilles. ¦• On sale at
$1.45, $2. OO. 152.45. up to $4.O5; sold
ELSEWHERE FIFTY PER CENT HIGH-
ER. : Many styles to select from.
OUR SATURDAY CORSET BARGAINS.
To-day you can buy any style, any
make, and any shape Corset at 25 per cent
less than usual. ;Money refunded for old
corset if not satisfactory. .
;33c for usual 60c corset.
4Oc for .usual 75o corset.
73c for usual II 00 corset.
ttl>c for usual W 25 corset.
$1.23 for usual $1 60 corset.
Better* qualities proportionately reduced.
BOYS 1 WHITE WAISTS.
Made of : best white ¦ lawn, special styles
made ¦ up for Easter, all nicely trimmed
with fine lawn embroideries and lnsertinge,
sizes 2 to 10; special prices - to-day, «J5c,
4Oe. 73c, OSc, $1.45.
WOMEN'S WHITE SKIRTS,
Made of fine Cambric, ruffle trimmed with
wide Torchon Lace and Inserting QO r
—a good $1 50 quality. On sale.. CFOy
VEILINGS AND RiBBONS.
On sale to-day. All, our 50c Mellne and
Chlfton Veilings, all colors, yard Qg^
\ mm < Yard for our regular 23c quality
lOO Fancy Striped Kibbon.,all colors.
£«»sJi for our. regular 45c quality Black
JmtyC .. or : Fancy Corded , Belts.
SUMMER UNDERWEAR.
COUNTRY. ORDERS ; RECEIVED.
WOMEN'S COTTON and LISLE THREAD
VESTS, long sleeves, • half sleeves - or
sleeveless. Special to-day at 10c, 15c.
23c, a3c. 4Se.";73c. « all colors; worth
from • 15c . to ; 60c more per garment. .
' SPECIAL OFFERINGS .TO-DAY In our
Muslin - Underwear Department. . We're
showing . an exquisite line - of Children's
Headwear. at popular prices. ,
Between 'Taylor and ; Jones.
1212rl2i4> MARKET ST;.
<NC5«»3»*' 1 t o ¦ Ws^9 luu \i9 ™»Hr
SPECIAL -BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
FAIRBANKS' GOLD DUST, 3-Ib pkg. . .13o
Regular 20c
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 1 Ib 40o
Regular 45c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 15c
Regular 20c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .35c
Fine Butter is our Motto. Regular 43a.
S squares $1. ;
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square.3Cc
S squares S5c. Regular 40c.
MOCHA aad JAVA, our best COFFEE, Ib.25c
The -best In the city. Heg. 33c lb.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, lb..... 40c
Six kinds. "Reg. 73c lb.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKEY, qt. bot.95c
Finest Imported. Reg. IL23.
SIOUX SOAP, 9 cakes. 25c
Cudahy Soap Works. Ties. 9 for SSe.
J. H. FLICKINGER PRUNES, 7 lbs. . .25c
Unusual bargain. Reg. 4 lbs 25a.
MACARONI, extra quality, box 20o
Spaghetti. Vermicelli. Xieg. ZSe.
MONOGRAM RYE WHISKEY, gal. . .$2.50
Regular $1.
BALTIMORE COYE OYSTERS, 3 ana.. 25c
Regular 10c can.
MUSTOMAT DAINTY SAUCE, .tot 25c
Regular 35c
MY FAVORITE SALAD DRESSING, bot.25c
The finest. Regular 33c.
GENEVA HOLLAND GIN $L25
In stone Jug. Genuine imp. Beg. II 79.
BEST TABLE SALT, paper pkg 60
Hutchlnson Salt Co., Kansas.
Pure. Regular 10c pkg.
PORT and SHERRY WINE, qt bot...25o
Old and pure. Reg. 40a s
SAGO, best quality, 5 lbs 25c
Regular 4 lbs Sc
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY, pkg. 10*
Regular 12}ic
GOODS DELIVERED FREE to the hous«la
Oakland. Alameda. Frultvale and Berkeley
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "gpeeur*
Bales. We ship free of charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding jr.. Ask for
monthly price lists— free.
1348-1334 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 233. No Branch Stores.
DR.MCNULTY.
. rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
X Specialist evr« Blood Poison, Gonorracaa,Gle«t,
Stricture. (Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. fr««h
OT*ra>Tears' experience. Ternn reasonable. Hoars
9to3dall7;s:30to9.30ev'K*. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul*
UUoi) freeaailsacredly confidential. Call or addreu
P.ROSCOF. HcXl'I/TY. M.D.
gft^RearnySt, ManFranclMO.CjJ-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor acd Xcrvlne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ*, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
. NABEK. ALFS & BRUXE, Agents.
C3 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Clrculars.>
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the . Cars oi Gonorrhoea. Gloat i
v Strictures *nd analogous complaints '
., • of tns Or (tana of Generation. ,
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druzzlsta.
A T>"UT?TR.'fXyrp! MIT.M 'PW
Children's Hats
and Jackets
A large part of millinery salon is turned over
to-day to children's hats. We study child's hats
as carefully as we do big folks', and surround
ourselves with skilled helpers. That's why we
lead.
Most selling is at $2.00. $300. $4.00 and $5.00
— their trimmings chiefly ribbons. For occasions
we've got some swell poke effects — chiffon crea-
tions — $7.00, $8.00, $0-03 and $10.00.
Child's Reefer Jackets $2.95.
As in the illustration.
Dark blues and reds with sailor collar, trim-
med attractively with fancy braid — set off with
large buttons— sizes 4 to 12 years.
AUTOMOBILE COATS. 93.75— In latest cut with flare
sleeves— collar, pocket and sleeves trimmed wiUi fancy
braid— castor only; 6 to M years.
Free-: Bowl Pettijohn's Breakfast Cereal.
It's a California product. . On* that has made the Stats famous. Maybe some of yon at
horns don't know aa much about it as your New York sisters. Hence this demonstration In
downstairs store. Nothing In It but finest mountain wheat (from Sonoma County)— de-
licious, nutritious and appetizing.
Beside It In same booth we are serving _,
Free, also, Cap of Hot Coffee.
An American coffee. The first sip -will convince you that Uncle Sam's new domain
worth something. Hawaiian coffee is the coffee— but have t cup, as free as water.
St6ckings==best news yet.
Our Hosiery values are getting better and better.
Our Stockings are not made and then pulled into shape.
Oc — Children's fast black, seamless cotton hose — fine rib, good weight — sizes 5^j to 9H.
V2 l-3c— Misses' and boys' fast black, seamless "Iron Thread" hose— fine rib— heavy weight.
made of hard twisted elastic cotton — extra double knees; sizes 6 to 10.
10c— Misses' fine rib sramless. lisle thread hese— long- and elastic — smooth finish— deeo
glossy black; size* 6 to 9V4. ' . , r ' .
Molasses Cream Kisses, l-lb 10c
"We have all of our own candles made. "We know they'ar© pure and .wholesome
and we don't charge a cent extra for this security. These cream kisses are dainty
and delicious— flavored with vanilla— one-half pound to-day 10c.
Wash Veils 19c each.
Some 650 in cream and white— made from a fine quality of net with dots and fig*
ured borders— yard long. •
MADE VEILS. lS5o— Of fancy mesh, full yard long. They are dotted her* and the™ wtth
large and small chenille or velvet dots.
Hudnut's Toilet Water 75c.
(Violet Sec.)
Though It does not cost as much as some it Is considered
by many. to be the best In the market. By reason of its pecu-
liar preparation it retains both the color and odor of violets.
It Is a perfume that Is euaranteed not to stain — ( oz. sorln-
kler top bottles 73c.
HUDNTJTS VIOLET ALMOND CRB.JI 25c.
BULB SYRINGES with hard rubber pipes ;»5c.
WATER BOTTLES, all rubber. 70c
x TRANSPARENT JAP ROSE SOAP. 3 cakes 25c
JsZi COOD&^^*
Market Street, near Sixth, cor. Golden Gate an.
5^^^® I S^feJ^ 5 1 3 >
Unusual Offerings
«r ?
A-
jm$& CHIC
m^-N:k Will W
y^^f i'J THAT JUST FITS IT-THB
xSm. : easter
§ DERBY,
Issu?rf> to-day in our popular
A smart, dressy hat, in all di-
7)t;nsion,s to suit becnninGness.
COLORS BLACK AND BHOWN.
THIS IS OURSPECIAL HAT
Sotiv- bmarb. fashions in the
soft Alpine, in 1he'sl%te\and
hazg shades also, at
Mil <K
M rNCOi&ODATED Sq£X?E AvE.
Tile house that delights in filling mail orders.