Rioting in St. Petersburg Results in a Conflict, in Which One Hundred of the Populace Are Killed or W
in Alarm, Summons a Council of Hi^ Miri Impending
Revolt Against His Authority. V
PLOTTERS THREATEN CZAR'S LIFE AND COSSACKS
MEET RUSSIAN WORKINGMEN IN FIERCE BATTLE
Czar Nicholas is face to face with an uprising of the Russian populace. A plot against his life has been discovered. On the heels of the riotous demonstrations of
several days ago Cossacks and workingmen have fought a sanguinary battle, in which WO of the latter were killed or wounded. The Emperor, taking alarm at the crisis, has
called a meeting of his Ministers to consider the situation. Further demonstrations and bloodshed are expected to occur to-day.
THE CZAR AND THE AUTHOR
"WHO FIGURES IX POLITICS OF
RUSSIA.
for petitioning the Czar to con
sider the grievances of the stu
dents.
Lagowski, the provincial offi
cial who last Friday attempted to
assassinate Privy Councilor Po
bedonostzeff, procurator general
of the holy synod, is a disciple of
Count Leo Tolstoi, and he has as
serted that the act was one of re
venge" for the excommunication
Some reports say that an ac
complice named Ivanoff was ar
rested with Lagowski.
NEW YORK BTJRGLARS '.
MAKE A BICH HAUL
Take Jewels Valued at Twelve Thou
sand Dollars From a Physi
cian's Residence.
NEW YORK, March 24.— A daring bur
glary which occurred on Friday evening
last was made public to-day. The resi
dence entered was that of Dr. Nathan E.
Brill, on West Seventy-sixth street, and
the thieves obtained jewelry said to be
worth about U2.000.
The house is in a fashionable neighbor
hood. The doctor and his wife were vis
iting for the evening and four servants re
mained In the house. In spite of this fact
when the Brill3 returned home they found
that thieves had visited Mrs. Brill's room
and taken every piece of jewelry from
that apartment. The servants declare they
heard no unusual noise In the house.
VON SCHOTTENSTEIN
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
BERLIN. March 24.— A dispatch to tha
Lokal Anzeiger from Stuttgart announces
that Baron Schott von Scbottensteln. the
Wurtemburg Premier, whose sudden with
drawal from the Cabinet, owing to his be
ing Implicated ' in a scandal, yesterday,
pending trial, created a sensation, ha*
committed suicide in Ulm.
Witnesses- May Travel
Here Again for
the Botkin
Trial.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call. «
WILMINGTON. DeL. March 24.—At
torney General H. H. Ward will begin this
week collecting the evidence for the sec
ond trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. who Is
accused of murdering Mrs. J. T>. Dean
and Mrs. John P. Dunning by sending
them poisoned candy.
• It has not been decided whether the wit
nesses will be sent to San Francisco again
although It Is possible that they will be.
All of the Delaware witnesses lire In
Dover, and it is thought that aU of them
could be Induced to go West, with the
possible exception of ex-Congressman
Pennlngtori, the father of the murdered
women. .His wife died recently and h© Is
In bad health. It is not thought that ha
could stand such a long trip.
The men who worked up the Delawar*
end of the case for the last trial are now
out of 'office. Robert C. White, who was
Attorney General at that time, has been
succeeded by Mr. Ward. Detective Mc-
Vey, who furnished some valuable links
In the chain of evidence, has been recent
ly legislated out of office. He would go
to California to testify If his expenses
were guaranteed.- Yesterday Mr. Ward
received a letter from the Attorney
General of California asking for the evi
dence. He will look over It as soon as It
is received and instruct Mr. Ward which
'witnesses he desires.
The new Attorney General of Delaware
Is regarded as one of the best members
of the bar here. and. although he may
delegate some one to represent him at the
trial, he may decide to personally assist
the California authorities In prosecuting
the case.
COLLECTING
THE EVIDENCE
IN DELAWARE
BOY KILLS ANOTHER •
IN FIGHT WITH FISTS
/ LOUISVILLE. Ky.. March, 24.— Eddla
Hoffman, a small ooy, ;.was arrested ; to
night on the charge of murdering another
boy named Charles Callahan by 'beating
h'm with his fists. Hoffman "says; Calla
h \-\ made remarks about Hoffman's sister
when she ' passed . a crowd : In* which -tha
boys were, "and I ¦ just i thumped ; him."
Theincident occurred at 6 p. m. arid Cal
lahan died a.*. ltf.p.'.m.' to-night at'a' hoa-
Pital. ifflfflBffiJjMBiHHBaWBMi
PRESIDENT ' DRIVES HIS
OWN SPIRITED BLACKS
Chief ; Executive Takes an Airing,
Handling ? His - Team , Himself
With Horseman's Skill.
WASHINGTON. March 24.— "President
McKlnley is handling the lines and doing
the "driving for this administration," was
the comment of an enthusiastic tourist as
the President passed out of the White
House gate this afternoon driving- a splr
ited'palr. of . black' horses attached to a
high phaeton. .
: The , "warm afternoon .sunshine had
tempted the occupants of the executive
mansion to' go i out for an -airing.* The
President and his guest. Captain McWil
.lla'ms F of 'Chicago! were . together In the
phaeton,' , with, the . footman" on" theVrum
bled 'Mra. : McKlnley; 1 and Mrs. McWll^
Hams : followed • in* the , White . House lan
deaul : { As .the '. two vehicles rolled ¦ through
the weit gate into ¦ Pennsylvania avenue
a crowd of about. fifty persons gathered to v
getVa/ view of the Presidential * party, at
short range. \ , .
: President McKlnley a wore the latest styla,
black felt hat'with a high flat crown* and
generous rolllnglbrlm,- black overcoat* arid
SEVERE FIGHTING
IN THE TRANSVAAL
British and Boer Forces Have an
Engagement to the East of
Klerksdorp.
CAPE TOWN. March 24.-Severe fight
ing occurred on Friday, March 22, be
tween the British and Boers at Hartbees
tefcnteln. east of Klerksdorp, Transvaal.
Spread of the* Bubonic Plague.
CAPE TOWN. March 24.— The bubonic
plague continues to spread here.* TheVe is
an average of t>ix fresh cases officially re
ported daily. Most of the victims are col
ored persons. . %?M3335ii££bB3l
Kruger Coming to. America.
LONDON. March 25.— The Geneva corre
spondent of the Daily Mall says it Is ru
mored there that Mr. . Kruger, ' if his
health permit, will visit the United States
next month. .
Times, T7iring Saturday, Count Lamsdorff,
the Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
has arreed with Great Britain to submit'
the Tientsin railway siding dispute to the
arbitration and settlement of Count von
Wrlder6ee.
Brigands Murder a Missionary.
TIENTSIN. March 24.-The Rev. Mr.
Stochouse of the London Missionary So
ciety has been murdered by brigands
fourteen miles cast of Tientsin.
PEKING. March 24 —It is understood
here that the Russian Government has
consented to the following modification
In the Manchurian convention:
First— That Kinchow and Port Arthur
ehall not be annexed, but shall be leased
from the Chinese Government as here
tofore; eecond, that Russia will not Insist
upon there being a Russian resident at
Loakden; third, that the Chineie army
be permitted to maintain order in Man
churia prior to the completion of the
Manchurian railway which. while in
course of construction, will not necessar
ily require the protection of Russian
troops; and fourth, that Russia will fore
go her demand that -mining and railway
concessions In Mongolia, Turkestan and
Kashgaria shall be granted to none but
Russian subjects. Russia stipulates.
hcwjpver, that none but Chinese and Rus
tians shall be allowed to undertake such
*nterprlses.
In consequence of these concessions the
Russian Government insists upon the
early signature of the convention. The
Chinese Minister at St. Petersburg be
lieves that the modifications are satis
factory, but advisers of the court still
refuse to recommend a ratification of the
convention. Viceroy Liu Kun Yu likewise
Etrorigly protests against ratification- Li
Hung Chang says that responsibility for
elgT.irig rests with the Chinese Minister
at St. Petersburg.
The Russians continue to threaten to
bring troops if China fail to comply with
the demands. _ .
RUSSIA SCORES IN KOREA.
Customs Director Brown Removed
Despite British Protests.
LONDON. March 24.— The dismissal of
Mr. McLeavy Brown from the post of di-
YOKOHAMA. March 2*.— Advices from
Seoul announce that the Korean Govern
ment has dismissed from office McLeavy
Brown, director general of the Korean
custom*, and that Great Britain Is' pro
testing against his dismissal.
RUSSIA WOULD ARBITRATE.
Alleged Proposal ""Concerning the
Tientsin Siding Dispute.
LOKDON. March 25.— According to. the
St. Petersburg., correspondent . of the
rector general of Korean customs Is re
rarded in London as another score for
Russia. In 1S95 and again in 189S Russian
pressure was exerted to procure his re
moval. In the latter case he was rein
stated only after a British squadron had
moved to Chemulpo.
As recently as a few months ago Russia
strongly opposed an atteinpt by Mr.
Brown to raise a loan for the Korean
Government to purchase shares In the
railway from Seoul to Fusan. As a result
of her opposition, the negotiations for the
loan failed.
Ignores Von Bulow's Construction of
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Daily Mail asserts that M. .Pavloff. Rus
sian Minister at Seoul, has protested
against Korea taking foreigners Into the
government service, with the exception of
Russians, and demanded the appointment
of the latter,- but Korea seemed deter
mined, with the help of the powers, to
defend her Integrity. -.r-'iV':
JAPAN TO OFFEE NO PROTEST
Anglo-German Agreement.
YOKOHAMA. March 25.— The Japanese
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Kato Takaki,
replying to an interpellation in the House
of Representatives, said that Count von
Bulow's declaration in the Reichstag con
cerning the construction Germany placed
upon the Anglo-German agreement did
not concern Japan, as the Government of
the Mikado in advance of the agreement
accepted the plain and unmistakable sig
nificance of Its terms.
*'It does not concern Japan." exclaimed
the Minister, "if another power interprets
the agreement recording to a strange code
of its own."
tan-colored gloves. He handled his lines
carefully and apparently enjoyed the sen
sation of managing the well groomed
team. As he passed the landeau contain
ing his wife ; and her guest he waved a
salute: President McKlnley ' frequently
does his own driving.
MURDERED BY POIEON
Pflffl SENT" THROUGH MAIL
Son of Ida Fosburgh's Employer Is
Accused of Having Caused
•_•»'".;• Her* Death.
. MIDDIiESBURG. Vt., March 24.—Nel
son Jones, 25 years old. of Shoreham. was
arrested to-day, charged with the murder
of ¦' Miss Ida Fosburgh ,at Shoreham.
March 12, by poisoning. The young wom
an was engaged to be married to Aldace
Vondette, who was recently charged with
having caused her death and who, after
being held a few days was released, the
authorities* being satisfied that he was not
implicated Jn the affair.
Nelson Jones Is the son of Minor Jones,
for whom Miss Fosburgh. worked as a do
mestic. When an investigation of the
death was being made Jones informed the
authorities that Miss Fosburgh had com
plained of illness and . on Tuesday even
ing, March 12. she asked him to go to
Shoreham pbstoffice and get a- letter
which she insisted was there. Jones said
he^ found a white envelope addressed to
the young woman arid delivered it to MN3
Fosburgh. Ten minutes later a" cry was
heard from the young woman's room and
she - was found apparently dead. When
a physician arrived an hour r or so later
ne.fcaid she had apparently died very sud
denly. . :'
: Near the bed was the envelope > which
Jones said he took from the post office. ' It
had • been opened and there was a scrap
of paper, and a glass containing a" while
sediment and a small amount of; water
stood on' the ¦ washstand. The authorities
believe ' that the death of Mis3 FosburgU
was caused by poison received In- a letter
through the malls.* *
ing oil," carrying children in their arms.
Some risked their lives to free horses,
cows.and dogs In outbuildings, but other
unfortunate animals could not be reached
In; time and were burned.
..'• Within five minutes after the first ex
plosion the flowing river , of oil had
reached the Masonic Temple,' in the heart
of _the village, and ten minutes later, that
structure was enveloped in flames. Then
building after building, : all of them frame,
took fire as the. oil; reached them, arid
within half an hour an area of 400 feet
square was a mass 'of. flames.
.,' From the ¦wrecked cars the oil also
flowed down the Incline of the railroad
track, making a long" line of fire that de
stroyed the ties and bent arid twisted the
tracks. The! loss "is . estimated at, from
jeo.ooo : to $75,000. .:>¦ ¦
Disaster on a New Jersey Rail road Releases Carloads of
Liquid Fi re and Causes Gre at Loss.
NEW TORK. March 24.— A river of flam-
Ing oil swept down upon the little "village
of Glen Garden, N. J., while Its inhabit
ants'were asleep this morning and reduced
eleven buildings, stores and residences to
ashes. The conflagration was extraordi
nary in character and in its origin.
The "village is in a valley along the line
of the New Jersey Central Railroad. An
Immense freight train was coming east at
6:30 a. m. It was . composed of a string
of coal cars and eighteen tank cars. High
above the village .the tracks of the rail
road, run along the^sido of a mountain.
They descend as they approach the vil
lage, but even at^the station are consid
erably above. the main street, which runs
up to the depot at a steep incline.
A few miles . west of the village, while
coming down the Incline around^the moun
tain; the traln ; parted.^ The; engineer on
the f orward 'erigina "pulled ? open! the throt
tle of ? the engine "and "tried • to race away
from the "section, which was ' increasing
its speed 'every;. second. . : He managed to
keep clear, of Jthe , racing cars until he got
opposite"; the .depot; at Glen ; Garden, when
the second section smashed into the first.
;>,;: Panic {'Among .Nth*< People. ...
;• Villagers explosions
rushed' from the f on-coming* flood : of : blaz-
Explosion of the Cars.
;¦' The first, section, "composed of coal cars,
was going , at'a- high*. rate . of speed,^ and
none of ltsfcars.wcrej jolted off .th'etrackr
The f orward car, 1 - one ' of t he 611 s tanks of
the runaway/ section*,, was hurled sldewlse
across the tracks^and ; t he oil i tank'; cars
behind were .piled j on 'top j of It 1 '' in ; every
way." ' ¦ . ' - - '/¦;'¦ ' ¦ '¦¦ ¦¦'¦'<'. .
The first crash caueed. the. ell In one. of
the .'tanks ;. to explode , and ignite^ and the
terrific neat caused {the ; other] cars". to 'ex
plode, one •after^theXother.7-*The jlricline
running from", thejdepqt {down .to^the! main
street r.cted ; as a ? sluice ; for.- the i burning
oil, ', arid 'It ; poured Ijfn'tj^thejchief 'thorough
f are *of Uhe f vllias^iietting", fireitoi'e'very
thing- It touched.'.^' Houses^ fences, tree's^
shrubbery- arid '-barns/; were! 'reduced to
ashes'- In an. Incredibly; rhortUime.
Hakes ninorConcessionsand Warns Ghina That Speedy
Acceptance Will Be Enforced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG,
March 24. — The political
situation is so serious
that Emperor Nicholas
held a meeting of the Ministers
yesterday to consider the state of
public affairs. The Czar presided
at the council, which was con
\ened at the Tsarskoe-Sele pal
ace. It was decided not to abolish
the law for drafting recalcitrant
students into the arm» but for
the present to refrain from apply
ing the law. It was also resolved
to revise the university statute.
RUSSIA AGREES TO MODIFY
THE MANCHURIA CONVENTION
The decision of the council of
Ministers is regarded as a step in
the right direction, because it is
an attempt at a partial remedy of
the grievances of the students.
Threatening letters have been
received by Lieutenant General
Kouropatkine, Minister of War;
M. Mouravieff, Minister of Jus
tice, and M. Sipiagnien, Minister
of the Interior.
Renewed demonstrations on a
great scale are expected to-mor
row. It is reported that Prince
Viazemsky has been disgraced
. Kapovich, the assassin of M.
BogoKepofty Russian Minister of
Public Instruction, has been s.en
tenced to for life. - He •
will be imprisoned in the ScHules
seltierg fortress on an island' in
the Neva.
According to a special dispatch
to the Rossyia the Governor Gen
eral of Kieff, General Dragcrni
roff, has : published a riot irdi
nance similar to that published
by General Klekgels in St. Pe
tersburg, and declaring that the
military will be called out unless
the ordinance is strictly obeyed. ',
STREAMS OF BLAZING OIL
POUR UPON VILLAGE HOMES
T ONDON, March 25.— The Daily Mail publishes the following, dated March 24, from its St.
"Yesterday, Sunday, 500 workmen from the Obuchower National Works paraded on the
Noski Prospekt. On the way thither they demolished the state brandy booths. Eight hundred
Cossacks with drawn swords met the workmen and a sanguinary encounter ensued. The number
"The police have discovered a plot against the life of the Czar. It appears that a group of
students drew lots and that the fatal choice fell to the son of a famous general. The boy told his
father, and the latter told the Czar, imploring him to leave St. Petersburg."/
The Daily Express correspondent at St. Petersburg says: "In the last en
counter at Narva Gate 100 workmen are reported to have been killed or wounded v^^^P^I
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SA'N FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1903.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 115.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.ADOLPH GREENIXGER. DIRECTOR OF THE ROSE CARNIVAL IN SAN
JOSE. AT WHICH PRESIDENT McKINLEY WILL BE AN HONORED
GUEST WHILE ON HIS WAY TO THIS CITY.
If w YouNBave Dyspepsia
Send no money. but wr!te\ Dr.Shoop.Raclne.WI«.;
boxm.for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's Restorative;
express paid,* If cured, pay 95.60— IX noUt Is froo*
• SACRAMENTO, March 24.^rln trying to
avoid 'f a": collision iWlthJtwOftWomenj bicy
clists ; on * a narro w.Vwheel ' path i this : even
ing James G; Patterson was thrown' from
his ; wheel and had one' of 3 his 'hip: bones
fractured. "He 18:64 years of age.-
Wheelman .Thrown and Injured.
William'. Mitchell, the colored man at
Colma whose feud with his neighbors re
sulted In the killing of his wife and son
last July, has now lost a daughter. Rose
Etta, a girl IS years of age. She died. at
the residence of her sister, 8 Bridge place,
Saturday night, and yesterday Dr. O. W
Jones reported . the facts to the ' Coroner,
which led to Detectives Crockett and.Dil
lon being detailed to investigate. It is al
leged that a woman on Harrison street,
near Seventh, committed a criminal oper
ation upon the girl about ten days ago.
William Mitchell's Daughter Dies.
Leaves Church to Marry.
" BRUSSELS, ": March 24.— Le ' Petit ? Bleu
announces that. v the /celebrated 'Jesuit
scholar ?Abbe -Renard;' professor * at r the
University, at Ghent, < has , broken off ' rela
tions with the church in order to marry. ¦
. ¦.,,,,. ¦ ¦. .. . ..... .... . . ;
NEW YORK, March 24.— The Journal of
Commerce to-morow wiir say: The new
can consolidation will go into ; practical
operation to-day (Monday),; the work of
taking over and paying , for, the ¦constitu
ent properties having been \ completed on
Saturday. The .various plants will from
now on be operated for the American Can
Gompany. : Pending , tho transfer; of : tbe
properties quotations en cans were with
drawn..: It Is now intimated,thaf.the'new
price list will show a substantial advance,
and it is also reported that the American
Tin Plate Company is about to ? make ad
vances In tin plate prices. . . ; -
As already stated, it is probable that
Edwin Norton will be president of ; the
company and that "YV.'H. and'J.H. Moore
will be members of the board of directors
It : is further; said that the "American Tin
Plate Company will have : representatives
on the new board.:-. "An interesting feature
it is understood, is that: all venders have
signed an agreement not to engage in' the
manufacture : of > tin * within 1500 ; miles of
Chicago within a period of fifteen years.
New Price List Will Show a Substan
tial Advance Over Present
¦ Figures. ; . 7_^'
CAN TRUST GOES INTO
PRACTICAIi OPERATION
SAN JOSE. March. 24.— The Republican
Good Government- League of this city has
appointed \- a committee}; to examine the
city books and departments to see If a sav
ing "cannot be" made in, the. administration
of city ¦ affairs arid : thus prevent a bond
issue for much needed improvements.
v.This' action iwas. taken: at Hhe meeting
yesterday. -' At'that:tlme prominent mem
bers claimed 'that salaries of officials can
be pruned, certain 'officers disposed of, and
a saving of. $25,000 a year be made.- Thjs
saving, •/ it- was • held,', could - be .applied to
street .< and " other - improvements and : in - a
few. years the city .-would be up to date la
all particulars.' The members of this com
mittee,* the names of which have not been
divulged, I* will : commence : work at -oncj.
Every department > of the city will be • In
spected and. the expenditures noted. If a
saving; of 125,000. a year scan • be made, as
it' is claimed, .the- Good -Government
League , intends to * fight - the $237,000 > bond
issue now proposed.-*, • . .,
'¦ V. . ¦. . /: » . .- . ' .' 1
Americans ; Call \ on Diaz.
, CITT^ OF MEXICO, ; March ;> 24.— The
membefs'of the "American ' Embassy, staff,
headed ; by. Charge ~d 'Affaires Benton • Mc-
Creery.^ called % on ' President ¦¦ Diaz at the
National :" Palace T and y congratulated ; l:im
on*, his "complete return -i to 'health. The
President '.was', in -excellent 'spirits and
much \ gratified ; at ' this '• manifestation of
good 1 will; and cordially , thanked the mem
bers i of the ; Embassy. ?4uglPKi£jg£?i"£g
Good , Government League to Devise
Means to Diminish the Expen
ditures in Salaries.
SAN JOSE TAXPAYERS
_PIGHT THE BOND ISSUE
A shell weighing about seventy yound3
explodes into a shower of 1200 pieces.
PHILADELPHIA. March" 24— The West
Park Ic© Palace.'at Fifty-second and Jef
ferson streets, was destroyed by fire early
this * morning.: entailing a loss - of about
$100,000. on which , there • was an insurance
of about: $73,000.: -The.- building w&a used
both as a skating rink and for the manu
facture of ice for commercial use, and was
owned by, the_ York (Pa.) Ice.Manufactur
ing Company.'-The season of ; winter sports
closed at the ice palace last night. ¦
Fire Destroys Ice Palacs.
Protest Against Assaults by Hood
lums Upon Men of Their
. Race.
CHICAGO. March 21.— Twelve men as
saulted in Chicago each day for no other
reason than that they ' are Jews, with
the average 'of one death a year' growing
out of these assaults, were .figures pre
sented'to-day at an indignation meeting
of Jewish peddlers. The police, the speak
ers declared.; make little effort to protect
members of their race from the attacks
of hoodlums. In several Instances, it was
said, the police had looked on when such
attacks -were being made and had failed
to interfere." ' < -
After a half dozen speakers had spoken
In protest, 'the Chicago Protective League
was organized to demand. that the police
protect the . Jews. :'A committee was ap
pointed - to perfect the roganizatlon ¦ and
arrange .for a * downtown mass meeting
next week ' for the - purpose of arousing
public interest in ¦ the movement
CHICAGO JEWS DEMAND
POLICE PROTECTION
NEW YORK. March 24.— Twelve hun
dred' persons listened to David Bispham
at a popular concert given at Carnegie
Music Hall this afternoon. The recital
was of the nature of an experiment, the
management being desirous of finding out
whether a New York audience could be
attracted on Sunday afternoon by an ar
rangement" of popular prices. Those In
charge of the concert profess to be more
th«\n satisfied with the result.
liavid Bispham gave a number of bary
tone selections, the recital lasting one
and three-quarters hours. The selections
were chiefly from Schubert, Schumann
and American composers like McDowell
and Walter Damrosch.
Bispham was in good voice and at times
received nearty and enthusiastic ap
plause. Critics appear to agree that while
some other singers may surpass Bispham
in range of voice.technlque and experi
ence, few there are who possess greater
powers of artistic expression. AH in all,
the possibilities of Sunday afternoon con
certs for musical education appear to
have been atnply demonstrated by Blsp
ham's recital.
New York Managers Experimenting
to Determine if Sabbath Concerts
Will Be Patronized. '
DAVID BISPHAM SINGS
TO SUNDAY AUDIENCE
DUBLIN, March 24.— Earl Cadogan,
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, authorizes the
statement that he will retain office for an
other year. t^etamMnMOEMnd
Cadog-an Will Retain Office.
SEATTLE. March 2i.r-Chlef of Police
Meredith was denounced as a brute from
the pulpit In Seattle to-day. Many of the
ministers made his acts the subject of
denunciatory: discourses. The city is
greatly excited and the outcome is hard
to figure out.
It all arose over what is termed the
outrageous action of the Chief in arrest
ing II. R. Cayton, colored editor of the
Seattle Republican, a weekly paper, on
a charge of criminal libel. The Chief
himself Is tne prosecuting witness. He
took offense at what Cayton said In his
last issue about the Chief's declared In
tention to make war on alleged quack
doctors. Cayton commented on the Chiefs
proposed programme, and injected a few
sentences about the local condition of
politics. . '
Instead of arresting Cayton in the day
time the Chief waited until late at night,
then he got a Justice of the Peace out
ot a theater and swore cut a warrant.
Cayton was dragged from his home and
thrown Into Jail. Mrs. Cayton was, al
most distracted because she had not the
slightest idea what the strange proceed
ings meant.
She hurried to her attorneys, who went
to police headquarters and asked to see
Cayton. They were met with a cold re
fusal.. Then they asked for information
of the charge and where the warrant was
issued. The oollce had nothing to say.
AH the Justices of the Peace, were routed
out of bed, and finally the one who gave
the warrant was found. He said he would
accept (500 bail. Then the police demand,
ed cash.
At 3 o'clock In the morning James D.
Hoge, president of the FlrBt National
Hank, offered Ms check to the police for
1300. The chuck was refused. Hoge went
around the city and finally gathered up
the cash and got Cayton out at 3:30
o'clock. When the actions of the police
became generally known the row started,
and there was no stopping It. The min
isters took it up, and to-night the town is
wild with excitement over what is termed
an outrage and an insult to the people of
the city as well as to Mr. Cayton. r
Meredith of Seattle ; Denounced From.
Many Pulpits Because of an
Arrest He Hade.
INDIGNANT MINISTERS ¦ '
SCORE A POLICE CHIEF
"There was considerable excitement over
the discoveries on Thistle Creek, 'near
Stewart River. • I saw about fifteen ounces
taken from i».e creek In very pretty, nug
gets. White Horse Is livelier than Dawson,
there' being much activity there on 'ac
count of the boat-building and overhaul
ing of the steamers. A great many men
are at work there." : -,
¦*rf the big companies surprised me beyond
description, and I have seen some pretty
large stocks. In Dawson one can can get
the very best of everything very cheaply
in the wholesale stores, but in the restau
rants the prices are high on account of
the high rents that are charged. "Wages
are still at $10 a day* without board and $S
a day with board. > On -our way 'out we
met seventy-five loaded teams taking In
every conceivable class of goods. The
men with me, old Dawsonites,* expressed
great sympathy for the men who were
taking these goods In, saying -they did
not believe that they would realize the
freight on much of the cargo.
"Just before we left Dawson an' order
was received from Ottawa extending the
time for closing the gambling and music
halls until June 1, it having been pointed
out that to close them on shorter notice
would work a great hardship on th% em
ployes, most of whom were without suf
ficient funds to leave the country. When
the news was received there was quite a
celebration. ij 'jfi/f H1i|.^fl|iWJf\jl III
"I found Dawson very dull— everybody
complaining on account of • the stoppage
of winter work— but on the creeks I -saw
some very large dumps, and I predict that
the clean-up will be larger even than last
year. The market is overstocked with
all kinds of goods, and everything is away
down in price. Many of the merchants
with whom I spoke said they intended to
sell out and would not stop another,win
ter. The stock carried in the warehouses
VICTORIA, B. C, March 24—Business at
Dawson Is at a standstill, the stores and
warehouses are greatly overstocked, and
wholesale prices are lower than ever
known there. This statement is made by
L. Robinson, a merchant of Vancouver,
who arrived from tho Klonkide capital
yesterday. He came over the Ice, or what
Is left of It. Mr. Robinson spent a full
month In Dawson and along the creeks,
and, being an observing man, has a good
idea of the condition of that country.
He said:
Fpedal nispatth to The Call.
City's Stores Overstocked
and Business at a
Standstill.
DAWSON'S LIFE
NOW A MEMORY
GIBRALTAR, March 24.— The Italian,
ship Francesco Ciampa. which sailed from
Shields March 6 for San Francisco, has
arrived here in a leaky condition.
Italian Ship Disabled.
"Republicans cannot fail to take cog
nizance of the political thefts which have
taken place In North Carolina, South
Carolina. Louisiana. Mississippi, and. re
cently, in Ma/yland. Unless drastic ac
tion Is taken as soon as possible we may
expect West Virgina. Virginia, Kentucky
and almost every other Southern or bor
der State where Democrats have control
to adopt the disfranchisement method of
perpetuating their party- In power. There
is no. telling where this thing will stop."
One of the most earnest advocates of
reprisal against States which have passed
disfranchisement acts' is Representative
Charles Dick of Ohio, who is very close
to President McKinley and Senator
Hanna. In discussing the matter to
night Mr. Dick said:
WASHINGTON, March 24.— Maryland
Democrats have aroused national Repub
lican leaders, who are seeking to bring
forward again the long deferred issue of
the disfranchising of colored voters in
the Southern and border States. It is
likely to become one of the great political
questions of the day.
Leading Republican members of Con
gress say. that at its next session Con
gress cannot refuse to Ignore this whole
sale denial of the right of suffrage to
men who are entitled to It under the
Federal constitution, and that a bill will
be pressed for passage enforcing the four
teenth amendment to the constitution,
which .provides* for reducing the repre
sentation of States curtailing suffrage. It
is now recognized that a mistake was
made at the last session In not meeting
the issue when the reapportlonment act
was under consideration.
Ppecta! Dispatch- to The Cair.
Republicans Will Oppose
the Disfranchisement
of Negrots.
COLORED VOTE
A PARTY ISSUE
i NEW YORK, March 24.— Justice Jerome
of the 7 . Court of • Special : Sessions visited
five police stations to-day and admitted to
ball thirty-three prisoners: who "t were cap
tured, late last night in several raids mane
by , the committee of fifteen. * .The proprie
tors and night clerk of the Hotel .Virginia;
Henry. McGtilrk, alleged manager.- of i tha
Brlphton Music Hall, otherwise | known as
McGulrk's suicide halW.with ; a: singer : and
housekeeper of the same place, and a" col
ored woman captured in the Berlin; were
each held in $500 ball. -The other prisoners,
who ¦•Included * managers, barkeepers x and
other ' persons ; said - to be ..connected with
the Savoy, Royal Garden and the ' Peking,
•were each held: in; $300. bail. : .
ADMITS PRISONERS TO BAIL.
Justice : Jerome Grants Freedom to
Thirty-Five Offenders. ;
NEW YORK.: March 24.— Leading Re
publican politicians of this city' and State
met in Senator Platfs rooms at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel this afternoon and were In
conference for several-hours. As a result
of the conference it. was decided «to at
tempt , no police legislation this session.
The conference adjourned 5 subject .to the
call of Senator Platt whenever in his
Judgment police, legislation seems neces
sary. All who were talked with say that
the conference was harmonious;.
Long before the time for the conference
to be called the corridors ¦ of the Fifth
Avenue Hotel were filled. with >8tate lead
ers . and members of the Legislature.
Every one of the leaders summoned to the
conference, attended. There" was a large
sprinkling of local politicians and many
up-State politicians, who ' were attracted
to the place of conference but who were
not summoned . as participants.' Though
no one could Fay it directly, all who at
tended 4the conference , admitted . that it
had come. to the views of Governor Odell,
and It was considered that he had virtu
ally triumphed and that l the organization
was with him; -¦¦•-;
NO POLICE LEGISLATION.
New York Politicians Follow Gov
. ernor OdslPs Advice.
: ' NEW YORK, March 24.— The committee
of fifteen to-day sent a letter to Governor
Odcll warmly endorsing the recommenda
tions of the Tenement House Committee
In regard, to driving out vice from the
tenement houses. The committee has de
\oted considerable time to this question,
which v^as one of the things which called
it into the field, and- it is expected the
full committee will go to. Albany on Tues
day, when a hearing on the report of tho
Tenement Committee will be heard, be
fore the city's committee of the Legis
lature. The letter reads in part as fol
lows:
"The greatest of existing evils is tho
intrusion and wide extension of prostitu
tion in the tenement houses, the houses
in which the great mass of wage earners
are compelled to live. There will proD
ably for a long time to come continue to
"be differences of opinion as to the degree
in which it is possible to check social
vice in our great cities, but there can be
no two opinions as to the necessity of
protecting children of tender years from
close connection with depravity. An 'In
timate acquaintance with adult vice
should at least not be forced upon young
children by permitting such vice to pene
trate into the very houses in which they
live. The crv of parents when they ask
merely for the opportunity of bringing up
their children in an atmosphere, free from
the pollution of the most degrading
forms of moral evils, should surely be
heeded." . . - "
The letter says that the law on the
statute books has. not met the situation
and what is needed is a law that will
place the responsibility for : the existence
of vice in thi tenements on the shoulders
of the landlords. This, . the committee
says, tho legislation proposed by the
Tenement House Committee wlll # do.
Children of New York's
Workers in Contact
With Depravity. ,
VICE HARBORING
IN TENEMENTS
Chile endeavors to show • that Peru is
solely resDonsIble for the delay In ne
•gotiating the protocol satisfactorily to
both nations, under which a plebiscite jo
determine the sovereignty, of Tacna :and
Arica' should be- held.'. It is worthy -of
note, she says, that in the" whole course
of the debate upon, the. protocol of plebis
cite - the attitude of '¦ Peruvian ! diplomacy
made greater demands than I when a
flict appeared probable, - and re
ltnqulshment, or at least 1 modification of
them, when this expectation vanished.
.With. resDect to Boll via'a claim to the
provinces Chile says -,that nothing, obliges
her to follow an invariable line of conduct.
The first' thing is to get possession of
them, and afterward to proceed to such
exercise of sovereignty as may conform
with our_ Interests. , .
The treaty of Ancon places , the two
countries in an equality of position, but
Chile has a greater Interest than Peru in
obtaining them- and 'can offer -them a fu
ture of prosperity "and progress, while
Peru neither wishes nor is able to do more
than to return them to the state of. neg
lect and inertia in -which they always
¦were^while In her possession. -•
Finally, the Inevitable and supreme law
of self-preservation that in this case im
pels Chile and does not affect Peru and
consecrates the efforts made by our coun
try to ward off a permanent danger— the
gravest that can threaten a nation.
-The President has definitely* decided,
however, than he will not take action un
less all three powers request it. In view
of the latest declaration made by Chile
It is apparent that she will suffer no out
side check In.-- her purpose to acquire
definitive sovereignty over provinces she
has controlled Bince the war of twenty
years ago. " •
'.'Without great danger to our national
life,", a Chilean brief states, "we cannot
give, up the possession of Tacna and Ari
ca. Chile has an equal right with Peru
to obtain definite possession of territo
ries. v • - .. *- ¦ ' . -
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET, WASHINGTON, March 24.—.
Chile's purpose to retain possession of the'
provinces of Tacna and Arica, notwith
standing the protests of Peru and Boli
via, is formally acknowledged in an of
ficial statement of the Chilean case com
municated to the United States and other
powers. Announcement of this purpose is
coupled with charges of bad faith made
by Chile against Peru and Bolivia. These
charges are counter to similar allegations
made by the two last named countries
against Chile. Chile seeks to prevent any
intervention on the part of the United
States in the South American . dispute,
while Peru and Bolivia are utilizing every
channel to bring, pressure to bear upon
the .administration to Induce it to take
action. "
Special Dispatch, to The -Call.
Despite the Protests of P«ru
and Bolivia Will Retain
Tacna and Arica.
CHILE'S POLICY
TO HOLD TIGHT
RIO JANEIRO. March 24.— Great excite
prevalls here over the arrest of
Custodio Jose Mello and others^ on ac
count of the revelations of a monarchist
plot, through the suicide of Baron de Bur
galj Extraordinary precautions are being
taken by the Government to prevent an
outbreak.
The apprehension centers "'"about the
navy. War vessels are being closely
guarded, as it is believed that the officers
are not quite trustworthy.
The details of the plot which Baron de
Burgal revealed tto the authorities have
been disclosed. It was the purpose of
those concerned. it ' is declared, to give
the signal for an outbreak, by the assas
sination of President Campos Salles. Dur
ing tne excitement that followed the mon
archist adherents in the army and navy
were to take possesi3on of the city and to
hold the Government offices. Affairs of
state were to be Intrusted to a triumvir
ate composed of Admiral -«ello. Marshal
Canturla and Counselor Lafayette Pereira.
Admiral - Mello was quietly removed
from this city to-day, as It i was feared
that his presence would cause disturb
ances. He was conveyed to Cobias Island,
where he is held in the custody of Ad
miral Proenca.
Special Cable to The Call and New JTork. Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Hfrald Pub
lishing Company.
Baron de Burgal's ;¦ Confea
\ sion Implicates Many
High Officials.
PLOT TO SLAY
BRAZIL'S CHIEF
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It is said the purchase of that portion
of the line within the State of Oregon is
assured. It is known that a representa
tive of the Northern Pacinc has been'over
the entire line within a few days on a
tour of inspection and much depends upon
the report he will make to the board of
directors. Negotiations have been hang-
Ing fire for more than a year, and the
matter has been kept very quiet. ' v
TACOMA, Wash., March 24.— It Is cur
rently reported here, and is generally be
lieved in railroad circles, that the North
ern Pacific is negotiating for the purchase
of the Southern Pacific from Portland to
San Francisco.
Southern F^cific May Dis
pose of Line From Here
to Portland.
PUNS A BIG
RAILROAD SALE
5 AN* JOSE. March 24.— Ohio's native
sons In San Jose .will . take
an active part in the wel
come to the President at the
Carnival of Roses. The Ohio so
ciety has promised the carnival com
mittee a float representing the battle
ship that is to be launched at San Fran
clseo May 18.
The past week has seen a great in
crease in the finances of the celebration,
over $1000 having been contributed. It is
believed now that the fund will reach
$7500. At a meeting of the general com
mittee last night, at which Director Gen
eral Greenlnger presided, $2500, was set
aside for the decoration of the streets
and the construction of arches.
It has been decided to dispense with
a queen of the carnival, although $1000
or more might be realized by the sale of
votes. The consensus of opinion is that
with Mrs. McKinley here it would be
improper to divide the honors due her
with any local favorite.
MEN WHO ARE TO BE RECIP
IENTS OF WBLL-MERITED
HONORS. WJH< ! »
California, will re-elected without opposi
tion. . - - •
NASHVILLE, Tenn., March 24.—"Kid
napers and Dynamiters" is the signature
to a letter received by Joseph Schneider
of this city on Friday. The letter in
formed Mr. Schneider that unless he
placed $300 at a certain spot in Cumber
land Park by Saturday afternoon one cf
his children would be kidnaped or his house
blown up Wednesday night. No harm has
yet come to the Schneider home, although
the demands were not compiled with. The
police are at work on the case.
MILWAUKEE. March 24.— The police
department reports to-night that J. M.
Morgan, a prominent real estate man of
this State, recently received a letter from
some one threatening to kidnap one of his
children unless he handed over $700. The
letter contained a reference to two mines
in which Mr. Morgan is interested. Mr.
Morgan turned the letter over to the po
lice.
Million for Europe.
COLON. Colombia. March 24.— Two hun
dred bars of gold, an unprecedented ship
ment, are on tbe way north from the
interior of Colombia. Nearly $1,000,000
left yesterday for Europe on the Royal
Steam Packet Company's Para, Captain
Stranger, from Colon for Southampton.
Young Wagner's Opera.
BERLIN, March 24.— The whole Bava
rian court attended the initial perform
ance of Sigfried Wagner's opera.. "Herzog
WUdfang." at Munich last evening. Frau
CoElxna Wapner was also present. Tbe
mork Is not highly praleed.
¦ i » i
President Is Root's Guest.
WASHINGTON. March 24.— President
end Mrs. McKJnley were guests at dinner
of Sacretary of War and Mrs. Root at the
latt»r'c residence on Rhode Inland avenue
to-night.
Nashville Man Told to Deposit Coin
or) Become Kidnapers' and
Dynamiters' Victim.
BLACKMAILERS THREATEN
TO DESTROY HIS HOME
¦ Postoffice Clerk. . -
NEW YORK. March 24.— Joseph A. JCon
lin. who was employed as a clerk in post
office branch H, on Lexington avenue, un
til February 22. when he disappeared with
a mail pouch containing $40,000 worth of
<;ovcrnment property in the shape of
money, money orders and stamps, was
brought back to this city to-day in the
custody of Postofflce Inspectors James
and Jacobs, United States Marshal Shine
and Detective Ryan, the last two of San
Francisco, was traced by the in
spectors across the country and then from
place to place on the Pacific Coast.
San Francisco Official Aids in the
Capture of the Absconding
MARSHAL SHINE REACHES
NEW YORK WITH CONLIW
on th-s Higher Economics
Occurs.
PHILADELPHIA; March 24. - Lorin
B!od«itt. an eminent statistician and one
cf the foremost authorities on the higher
economics, died in this city to-day, aged
79 years. He was a graduate of the Gen
eva (now Hobart) College. -In 1851 he was
an assistant in the Smithsonian Institute
at 'Washington.
His works on atmospheric physics were
among the first published in this country.
In 3R63 he took charge of the financial and
statistical division of the Treasury De
partment, and later became general ap
praiser of customs in this city. Subse
quently he was made chief of the customs
division of the Treasury.
Passing at a Hipe Age of Authority
EMINENT STATISTICIAN
OF PHILADELPHIA DEAD
MOBILK, Ala.. March 24.— IV. H. Stev
ens, aged 55, a merchant of Lucedale,
Miss., is bring searched for by the au
thorities. Stevens !s charged with having
kidnaped the 13-year-old daughter of JJ.
M. Stearns of Lucedale. It is .charged
that Stevens boarded with the family and
r>n Wednesday took the girl to Mobile.
AVith them was J. A- Freeman, •who has
been arrested on the charge of assisting
in the affair. Freeman says Stevens and
the girl intended getting married, but uo
to Saturday night the ceremony had not
b<vn performed so far as is known here.
The local officer* went to the plate
where Stevens and the girl had been
stopping, but they had left. The father
<*t the girl and a number of friends arc
a.=Fi5ting in the search for her an.1
Stevens.
Alabama Authorities Seeking Aged
Merchant Accused of Stealing
the Maiden.
OLD MAN KIDNAPS YOUNG
GIRL AND DISAPPEARS
Commercial Club of the Windy City
Sees Lorenzo Snow and the
Mormon Temple.
SALT LAKE. March *4.-The Chicago
Commercial Club arrived this morning at
S o'clock and remained in Salt Lake until
ft this evening. Immediately after they
reached the city they were placed In car
riages «nd driven to Fort Douglass, about
two miles up the mountain side, and upon
returning were shown the principal public
buildings and commercial houses of the
<-ity. Luncheon was served at the Alta
<"lub. and the visitors were then »rlven an
sudicnee by President Lorenzo Snow of
the Mormon church.
A recital by the Mormon choir of over
100 voices in the Tabernacle followed, and
tbe entire party was next, taken to the
lake on a special train. They returned to
the city about 4 o'clock and attended a
public reception at the Knutsfqrd Hotel
until train time. The visitors all ex
pressed themsc-lvps as having had a good
time, and reported the entire trip since
they left Chicago as a most successful
and interesting journey. The party left
over the Rio Cirande this evening for Den
ver.
• -
CHICAGO MILLIONAIRES
VISIT SALT LAKE CITY
T ' ...... •
p««ni»5aHEi- annual encampment of \ the -
I Grand Army of the Republic, De
1 partment of California and Neva-
Jl da, will ; be' held In i Pacific.' Grove.
• Monterey,'.; the - second '' week in
Ma^Y/' It- is. practically settled that Col
onel George Stone of San Francisco will
be elected department commander .to. sue- '
ceed George *M.\ : *. Motl of ¦ Sacramento. \
Colonel Stone's friends advocated his
election at the Nevada City encampment
two years 'ago,* but! the sentiment in 'favor
of $hobsing_ Sol Cahen ' prevailed. ;'-; Colonel.
Stone is at" present chairman 'of the' Re
publican State Central Committee. He
accepted the position -on; the expiration
of his -term as president of the National ,'
I^eague" of 'Republican' Clubs; % The "en-*
campment.at Monterey promises to be
interesting, as: President McKinley has
signified a desire to meet his comrades on
May 11.. - .
The annual meeting of the Comrnandery
of California, Military. Order of the Royal !
I-egrion, will" be 'held ;at the Occidental
Hotel, San i Francisco, May 29. It is
settled that General N. P. Chipman'of
Red Bluff will be chosen commander to
succeed Colonel, Jesse B. Fuller.' General
Chlpman_ holds the • office of Supreme
Court Commissioner. He was chosen De
partment Commander of the Grand Army !
at the Salinas encampment "three years*
ago. - ' -
Colonel M. R. Smedberg, who was
served the commandery as recorder every
year since thg legion was established In
CINCINNATI,' D., March 24.— Frank B.
Wright, publisher of Chic, and connected
with Cincinnati papers for twenty years,
died "suddenly to-day, aged 42 years. His
wife died of pneumonia at 8 o'clock this
morning. He had been worried about her
while afflicted with pneumonia himself
and died within a. few hours after his
wife exnired. . ¦:;i;-r? : : »?-
Demise Dies Suddenly.
Newspaper Man 111 With Pneumonia
and Distracted by Loved One's
SURVIVES HIS WIFE'S
DEATH BUT FEW HOURS
Republican party in Santiago in indorsing
the - Platt amendment and instructing
Senors Gomez and Ferrer of the Santiago
delegation to the constitutional conven
tion to vote for the amendment, together
with the letters iff General Sanguilly and
the Mayor of Cienfuegos advising accept
ance, were incidents of the week just
passed that have tended to clear up the
political atmosphere, until now there are
few who do not expect the convention to
approve the amendment.
The visit of American Senators and Con
gressmen has had an excellent effect. The
Radicals,- however, insist that they can
not recede, from their former >.- position
without loss of dignity, and they still hope
that some concession, no matter how in
significant,'may provide a sufficient ex
cuse. ¦¦"¦-.¦ ¦ - - .-
Radicals, However, Insist . They Can
. not Recede From Former Posi
. tion .With Dignity.
HAVANA, March 24.-The action of the
SANTIAGO BEPTJBLICANS
TO - VOTE FOR AMENDMENT
Lowering hi? gun Pate went to her,
crabbed the coveted ring and -then de
parted. Miss Belle Leffen. the principal,
finally succeeded in restoring order. She
lias sworn to a complaint for the lad's
arrest.
The lifty or more pupils were panic
Ftricken. With rare presence of mind lit
tle Miss Guess arose from her seat and
Kcid:
"If you want it vou must come here
and got it."
While absent young Pate disappeared.
The girl soon returned with the ring off
and had commenced her studies when
suddenly the school-room door was
opened. Pate appeared, leveled a double
barreled shotgun at the girl and shouted
that he would shoot her head off if his
ring was not returned."
SAX BERNARDINO, March 24.— A pro
found sensation was created last Friday
afternoon in the public school at Chlno,
thirty miles southwest of this city, by
Willie Pate, a 15-year-old pupil. He re
ceived a ring recently from an Eastern
concern by collecting coupons. Friday
afternoon during recess he displayed it
before the other pupils, and Hattie Guess,
14 years old. admired it most... She placed
Jt on her finger and. experienced difficulty
Jn removing it. This angered the owner,
fo the rirl decided to go home and try
Foap and water to remove it.
Special Di*patch to The Call.
Enters the Apartment With a Shot
gun to Compel tbe Imme
diate Return of His,
j£ ' Hing-.
Southern California School
boy Causts Panic in a
Classroom.
LAD THREATENS
LIFE OF A GIRL
PORTLAND, Or., March 24.-At Under
woods Landing," in ~ Skamania County,
Wash. , early., this morning E. Benjamin,
a logger, living at Hood River. Just across
the river.' was shot and instantly killed
by an unknown man. \;-- ¦
Benjamin was attending a dance at the
farm of William .Wendorf and was sitting
ln^front. of a window with a number of
others. The party was startled by a shot
which came through , the window, and' all
started to rush from the room. L Benjamin
fell to the floor and died almost instantly,
the shot having penetrated hisfbrain.
It- is said that Benjamin had trouble
with a man over a young woman, but so
lar no evidence has been secured to con
nect that person with the murder. A posse
is out. looking for the murderer.
Woman.
Mysterious /-Assassination of
Logg.r ata Dane* in
Washington.
* ' ? , ¦ f'
Bullet Is Supposed to Have Been
Fired by a Rival for the ; ,"
: / Affections of a /
MURDER ENDS
THE MERRIMENT
Last month three Kalama men started
to sink a shaft, on a lot near the court
house. At a depth of forty-five feet a reg
ular vein has been encountered, and ma
chinery will bo installed. This success
has caused thorough prospecting for other
outcropings. . flood indications have been
found on the farms - of William Carson.
John Wicks and Peter Arnold, all near
the town. Shafts and tunnels are to be
started at once, and Kalama will become
a full-fledged mining town.
• TACOMA. March 24.— There is reason to
believe that Kalama, the county seat of
Cowlltz County, is about to enter upon a
period of unexpected prosperity by reason
of the diseovery there of- gold -and copp*r
In paying quantities. In the. center of the
town .the owners of the Darnell mlno
have sunk a shaft to the depth of 165 feet
and • run crosscuts and drifts an aggre
gate length of 200 feet, and by a series of
tests established that they hare a vein of
over eighty feet in width carrying aver
ace values of between. £5 and. $30 per ton.
This property has been recently stocked
for JTjO.OOO and has- cash in the treasury
sufficient for operating expenses and the
purchase of necessary machinery for re
ducing the ore. -Some of it 'will be shipped
to the smelter here.
TOWN BUILT OX GOXD.
Kalama, in' Washington. Developing
Into a Booming Mining
- ' Village. .
-PHOBNIX. Ariz.. March 24.— A dispatch
to the Republican from a mining expert
at Wlckenberg; sixty-five miles northwest
of here, announces a gold strike five miles
north of the to-vui, four miles from the
railroad and one mile from water. The
vein at the surface is from twenty to
thirty teet wtde<-Qa this Is sunk a shaft
one hundred feet deep, and from the bot
tom of the shaft a crosscut runs for sixty
feet, all In ore. >Th© walls have not been
reached by the crosscut. From every car
load of rock brought to the surface free
flake gold can be- picked up by hand, and
the crosscut glistens with the sparkling
precious metal.
Free gold can be picked up anywhere on
the dump, at the bottom' of the shaft or
along the crosscut. It. now promises t<J
prove- the- rlcncst mine- in -the territory,
perhaps In the world, and there Is greit
excitement over the stride. The owners
of tire" property have been made offere al
ready, hut refuse to consider any propo
sition, t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miners Declare That the Region Near
of Wickenberg 1 Abounds
in Ore of Surpassing
Richness.
Remarkable Bid of Precious
Mital Said to Exist
in Arizona.
LEDGES SHINE
WITH THE GOLD
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL.j TdONDAYy MARCH; 25, 1901
GARDEN CITY OHIOANS
WILL WELCOME McKINLEY
Elaborate Preparations by the San Jose
People for the President's Reception.
Department of California and Nevada En
campment to Be Held at Pacific Grove.
COL. STONE THE CHOICE
FOR G. A. R. COMMANDER
"/,
2
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
. To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Qulniat removes the cause. •
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
m£ „ AimiUTflff^; Throat
IS TO TREAT IT ANTISEPTIC1.Y.
The only way to do this is with tho Cottlng-
I ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented by
DR. COTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR, NOSE. THROAT and LUNO
DISEASES,
204 Suttcr St., N\V. Cor. of Kearny,
FREE— Absolutely free Examination and on*
week's treatment given to convince you of th*
superior merit of this new treatment. S00O test
cases. S3 per cent cured. Try it FREE and b»
convinced whlU you can.. Call at one* or writ*.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
D ami ana Bitter s
IS A.^ GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful ashrodlslae and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
.r3 Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BADWAl'J KEADf KEL1KJP has »too3
unrivaled before the public for SO years as a'
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Col Ja. Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis; .- Pneumonia. .Rheumatism.- Neuralgia
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria aad all Bowel Paina. All druggists.ivin^.??™!? clad In her night dress
wJ^fi A^f d ? n il completely covered with
a ™ £" of th ® fl exor muscles in her
31™-,.^ so . m * e v of ln her *°°t are
f,t »£L ed ; but J^Mn grafting we may
be able to save them. I would not be
surprised at all if it was found necessar^
to amputate both foot and arm. and even
If™,. ? sav^ Vl em * she ma -y never h av e
proper use of these members. Never in
all of my experience have I seen any" case
of attempted self-destruction which would
equal this. The woman is undoubtedly
Insane or else she would never have had
iV.% remarkable nerve to continue cutting
and I - slashing^herself with | the scissors.
At times she has lucid intervals, but then
Temperance lecture.
The regular monthly meeting of .the
Young People's Christian Temperance
TTnlon will be "held In the lecture-room of
the Young Men's Christian Association
Vullding, corner Mason and Ellis streets,
Konday evening, March So-
Mrs. Castle is the wife of Attorney
Neville Castle, who biitll ' a j year ago
had offices at 45 Pine street, San
Francisco. He " then lost .his money
and. hoping to regain his fortune,
went to the Klondike. He Is now at Cape
Nome. Mrs. Castle, whose father was
Henry Harrison Scott, one of the most
At Mrs. Castle.'s home it was said that
she had not been seen since Friday. Her
belonginsrs are still there.
Mrs. Castle left Mrs. Goodwin's house
In such a hurry that she did not take with
her her address book. In the address
book were the names of many prominent
persons of San Francisco, including that
of Mrs. Charles Crocker, who took a great
Interest Jn her. Mrs. Castle Is said to
have been very much in love with her
husband. It -is said that she had not
heard from him for a year. This silence
on his part is said to have made her most
unhappy.
Lawrence Griffith, another cousin of
Mrs. Castle, said last night that he had
sp*nt all of Saturday night and Sunday
looking for her and that he was begin
ning to share Crocker Goodwin's fears.
Mr. Griffith said: ;
"She was too ambitious to be happy.
She simply wore herself out."
Mr. Griffith also said that he had noti
fied the police of Mrs. Castle's disappear
ance. , -
Left in Great Haste.
tinued Mrs. Goodwin. "She felt that she
could not satisfy her ambition and recenr
ly she became more and more despon
dent."
Mr. Crocker Goodwin, who is a cousin
of Mrs. Castle/ said last night:
"In my opinion Mrs. Castle has triad e
away with herself. We are all of us wor
ried and will spare neither time nor ex
pense in finding her."
In a letter Mrs. Castle wrote to Mrs.
Goodwin recently she said:
"The game Is not worth the candle for
the strain has absolutely worn me out."
PITTS5URG. Pa.. March 24.— The Com
mercial Gazette to-morrow •will eay: The
plan to form a new combine of the lea'd
lr.g'blast furnace Interests of the valleys,
Pittsburg an.* Cleveland, with a probable
capital of $25,000,000, is, to be carried out
or abandoned by May 1. This is the ten
tative scheme of the promoters, although
options already taken on most of. the
twenty-four merchant furnace plants
wanted for the new consolidation have a
much longer life than the time named.
Some of the interests to be taken over
will turn on these leases in ore property,
and coke works will be included, and the
new company will not have to go far out
side of its own organization for its raw
material. As uow planned the deal will
stop with the pigiron producers, taking
over no steel plants. .
Following the completion of the deal, if
successful, there is an ultimate plan to
build nearest the center of supply a gi
gantic steel plant, possibly large enough
to convert most of the pig metal produced,
running upwards of 4275 tons a day. The
headquarters of the combine " will be in
Pitt»burg; -' -
Promoters Forming a Trust
With a Capital of
$25,000,000.
FURNACE PLANTS
WILL COMBINE
Mrs. Goodwin then explained that Mrs.
Castle had made her professional debut in
Ban Francisco, where she was known.
She then came East and was with the
"Princess and Butterfly" Company. Ke
cently ehe found that she could place her
talents to better advantage in vaudeville.
Bh« has been i rehearsing "In Washing
ton's Time" and had obtained an engage
ment.
"She was disappointed, however," con-
Has Been Very Despondent
NEW YORK. March 23.— The
World says: Mrs. Neville Cas
tle, who as Mary Scott was re
garded as the most beautiful
woman on the PaciQc Coast, and
who has been living in this city for the
past two years, has not been in her apart
ments for several days, and her relatives
and friends. ere alarmed- They fear she
is either ill and unknown In some city
ho&pltal or else dead.
Mrs. Castle disappeared after a dinner
given In her honor by her cousin, Mrs.
Kred Goodwin. After the dinner there
was to have been a theatrical rehearsal,
but Mrs. Castle complained of feeling ill.
Ehe explained that it was Impossible for
her to remain and left the house. That
was the last Been of her. In telling of
Mrs. Castle's actions, Mrs. Goodwin said
last night:
"She was not herself by any means.
She has been most despondent of late.
When her husband failed she was forced
to fall upon her own resources to make
a living. She did this simply because she
was too proud to accept help from the
many who loved her and who would have
given her anything she asked.
"When a girl in San Jose she had won
derful dramatic talent and figured in all
The amateur performances. It was nat
ural, possessing this -talent, that she
should fall back upon It when It came
her turn to make a living."
Under her maiden name of Mary Scott
she made her debut, with the Frawleys as
Fay ln-Pinero's play "The Princess and
the Butterfly." Her first' appearance was
made in New York on Tuesday evening,
January 16. 1900. -Lately she' decided to go
upon the vaudeville stage, and she mad-a
her debut in New York last week.
He saw the society woman in a little
comedietta, "A Happy Pairi" and was so
attracted by her display of talent that he
immediately opened negotiations, which
resulted in the engagement of Mrs. Cas
tle as leading lady for the Frawley com
pany. • . • ¦.•'. .
Mrs. Neville Castle was former
ly a prominent figure in society
circles In • this, her . native city.
She is the daughter of the late H.
H. Scott and sister of Henry Scott, who
Is married to Admiral Sampson's daugh
ter. She was married to Neville Castle
In 1897,' and commenced .to study for the
stage immediately afjer becoming his
wife. Her husband was satisfied with her
desire to become an actress,: stipulating,
however, thatjshe was to study, and if at
the end of twV. years' those capable of
Judging were satisfied' with her ability
she could make her appearance. This she
agreed to. Her • teachers early became
aware of her marked ability and brought
her ¦ to the notice of Frawley.
Mrs. Castle's Ambition "Was to Be
/ come a Great Actress.
NATIVE OP SAN FRANCISCO.
prominent business men on the coast,
numbers among her friends and relatives
In New York' some of the best known so
ciety women in the city. She is a cousin
of Mrs. Fred Goodwin of 467 Central Park
west Another of her Intimate friends is
Mrs. Eugene Delmar of 557 West One
Hundred and Forty-first street.
MRS. NE\TLLE CASTLE, FORMERLY MISS MAY SCOTT OP SAN JOSE. WHOSE MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE
AFTER A BANQUET IN HER HONOR IN NEW YORK IS CAUSING KEEN ANXIETY TO FRIENDS WHO KNOW
THAT SHE HAS LONG BEEN DESPONDENT. * :' •, J , • -
SANTA CRUZ, March 24.-Last , night
Mrs. Charles Mason was thrown from a
buggy near Soquel.-her horse having be
come frightened. • She struck on her head
and has not recovered consciousness.- She
is supposed to be seriously injured
Thrown: From Her; Buggy.
Railroad "Men on a Tour.
DEL MONTE; March 24.— A 1 party of of
ficials .of I the^Chlca^o ¦ and ' Northwestern
Railroad : arrived here this afternoon : in i a
private' car ' and [ will remain ' over ; to-mor
row. - Theiparty,*. which , conslsts**of ' Mr;
and « Mrs.j E. ; D. - Brigham, sEdmondiBrig
ham, Mr. and ' Mrs. • E. ' E. Osborne," Miss
Osborne, Mr/ .and Mrs. H. : H.' Brigham "
Mr:, and - Mrs^-H. i B.^ Sturtevant and W. ' T
Hunter,. "arov. touring; the United k States
and v came -. to ¦• California : via Portland -
From 't here ;¦ they .will go to : San " ; Jose
thence 'through" Southern California. -
.Half -Breed. on PiaeBidge
.'.:, Reservation.
: SIOUX' FALLS,- S.D., March ; 21.— TEe
Federal authorities , here have been noti
fied '.; of ¦• a .' double '? tragedy -) on ; the Pine
Ridge • Indian reservation. ; Louis Cottier,
a Sioux ' of mixed - bloodj- was * shot and
killed i at his \ ranch on Pring Creek ; bv
-William- Day.^a; full blood. ¦ Day; and his
&r|uaw ¦ were seen ; to go to Cottier's cabin
and i a-{ short ;¦ time afterward were • seen
riding 'away "hurriedly. Men who fol
lowed them to the ? cabin found Coctier's
dead- body. 1 Indian -policemen sent from
Pino : Ridge Agency ' surrounded Day,' who
shot ' and killed '¦ himself . rather . than 'sub
mit'to arrest. The motive for the killing
is 'unknown. ¦ ; . • .
Double Tragedy Between Sioux arid
BATHER THAN SURRENDER
MUBDEBEE-'KHiS i HIMSELF
Oakland Office Sai\ Francisco Call,
,, - '> ¦ 1118 Broadway, March * 24.' .-.
The police of Oakland are holding James
Drugas '• in the City Prison awaiting 1 the
result of injuries inflicted. by. him on Rosa
Sobranes,, a comely young Spanish -girl;
who occupies a cot in the Receiving Hos
pital, completely paralyzed— the" result of
a kick in ' the neck. *-^gMK0Bf&MiaS3EHpB9>Mai
-The girl and; Drugas were out. walking
last night and quarreled. When near the
corner of First und Franklin streets Dru
gas struck the girl,, knocking her. down.
While she was prostrate- he brutally
kicked her in the neck. :' , ;• >-.
She was taken' to the'Recelvlng 'Hos
pital, where it was found that she = was
completely, paralyzed. , The doctors could
find no trace of , broken bones, and it 'is
thought that the brute's heavy boot.land
ed on the neck near the base of the
brain. ¦ ¦¦.:-¦¦ -¦¦.:- !¦ ••¦.¦' ¦;_. ...;.-> ¦.-¦.. .
Drugas was arrested : Immediately after
the assault/HfiBSBdHSHSnCnBinMnH
Then Uses His
Boot.
Tliey Quarrel WHile ¦ Out for a Walk
and He Knocks Her Down,
James Drugas in Prison and
Rosa Sobranes in the —
Hospital.
WOMAN PARALYZED
BY BRUTE'S KICK
The cannery men claim that present
conditions In Alaska are not favorable to
artificial propagation of salmon. They, say
if the regulations are enforced the can
neries will be compelled to close on ac
count of the additional expense, and prop
erty worth millions of dollars will . be
threatened with destruction. . They ask
the Government to abrogate or suspend
these . regulations and appoint a commis
sion to investigate the subject and select
sites for hatcheries to . be built by the
Government. There are about forty-five
canneries in Alaska, and the pack during
the coming . season is expected to , reach
1,000,000 cases. ¦ .
PORTT^.ND. March 24.-Portland sal
mon canners who have plants in Alaska
have petitioned Secretary of the Treasury
Gage to abrogate the sections of the
Treasury regulations of 1900 and 1001 re
quiring^ canners to deposit In spawning
streams red salmon fry to equal in num
ber four tlmes'the number of fish caught.
On the basis of the present pack, /this
would require 30,000,000 fry once a year.
Government Asked to Revoke
Regulations as to
Alaska Pish.
CANNERY MEN
MAKE A N APPEAL
Narcissa South Fitzpatrick.
FRANKFORT. Kjr.. March 24.-Mr«.
Xarcinsa South Fltzpatrick. wife of ex-
Congressman Fltzpatrtck, died here' to
day of pneumonia.
TOLEDO, O.. March: 24.— In one of the
wards at \ St. Vincent's Hospital reposes
the disfigured and mutilated body of Mrs.
¦ G. . Brunschnelder,;,wlfe of . a German
f armer.';,The ".-. case . is ') one , of .-, the most
: appalling Jon record, and it J!s : doubtful if
¦ there '. has 5 ever. • occurred an instance "In
.which ; such", horrible self-mutllatlon has
been 'attempted, ir ; . , ,
- Armed with ' a* pair of ordinary scissors
oh Saturday afternoon the woman started
in ' to disfigure herself. First; she : cut • off
' all ; of ¦ the ; toes ¦ on ; her left ; foot > and both
' ears ; close < to i her* head, f An , inch =¦ of r her
nose .was ; sever.ed.'-.one cheek cut . out and
six J or " seven- ¦ other ; gashes : on ; the r same
side of : her. face," as well : as a : portion I of
the £ other side.;. She then • started '• in : on
her i left, forearm - and . from -the . anterior
portion- removed : every, vestige of : ; skin,"
laying bare : the muscles 'of the arm.. Not
content -,with*|Iltteralry.- skinning herself
alive..- the * demented^ ¦ creature ¦¦; lacerated
the muscles in a frightful manner, expos-
Ing \ to view many.' of ,the ' nerves ¦ and ar-'
tories.vHer injuries were not' sufficient to"
produce - death, : and i the •; physicians . say
they may j possibly . succeed - In saving her
life. 1 /:-';.:;, -'y , : - ¦ ¦ V ¦¦ ' ;¦ ¦ j,.y;
"When I : found her," said Dr. Louy,
Epcclal Dispatch , to : The Call.
Slashes Arm and Cuts 02
Nose^ 'Cheek, Ears and
s Toes With Scissors. -
WOMAN'S AWFUL
SELF-MUTILATION
"He '•; posed perfectly," said the artist,
"and -talked entertainingly to me as. I
worked. When :¦ the time was -up he : ex
pressed himself as pleased with the porr
trait and shook hands with me most cor
dially," wishing me the greatest good for
tune In ! my profession/ I found that h»
had changed greatly ; in the last " flv© or
six years. - ¦ His face shows ¦ much more
character, if I may put It that way."
.Two years ago Mr. . and Mrs. Thomas
went to. New York that Mrs. Thomas
might better develop her talent.. Soon
after her arrival the energetic young col
ored' woman painted portraits of MUs
Olga Nethersole and Miss Anna Held. A
few months ago, the Thomases removed
to Washington. 1 i^rs. Thomas' ambition
was to paint a- portrait of the President,
and she began by obtaining a letter from
Representative Bartholdt of St. Louis to
Comptroller, of the Currency Charles «7.
Dawes. who In turn gave. her a letter to
Mr. Cortelyou, secretary, to the President.
On Friday the President posed for her for
a half hour in his private office. - ;
Mrs. Thomas was born in Columbus, O..
28 -years ago. ' Her name was Miss- Lillian
Lee. She studied art in the best school-!
of that city and in 1891 came to St. Lou»s
to accept a position at the Summer High
School. Four years '.later she : became th«»
wife of Fuller Thomas, a postofllce em
ploye. She worked at window decoratlni;
lor a local firm.
ST. LOUIS, March 24.— Mrs, Lillian
Thomas, who has painted a portrait «>f
President | McKinley, Is a negro woman
and formerly resided in St. Louis, where
she took an active part In educational
work devoted to the negro population
here. The painting of the President's por
trait by this ambitious and talented negro
woman is. the .achievement of her ambi
tion and most ardent desire. As a result
an ' oil creation Of the President at- hla
desk will be giveji to the world.
This portrait, *which Mrs. Thomas ts
now finishing, Is a three-quarter likeness
of the President, 32 by 40 inches. It was
through the' Influence ; of -Represenatlve
Barthodlt of, this city that sne Inducts!
the President to sit for her.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Colored . Woman Taints a
f M of tlifl; Na
tion's Chitf. .
McKINLEY POSES
FOR A NEGRESS
her mind wanders to something altogeth
er foreign. As to what motive prompted
her to the deed. I am almost wholly Ig
norant. There have been rumors of jeal-
Z^tL ot no i ber woman - but I know
had slight attacks of insanity before but
i, n 2 l nstance . ha3 she ever attempted
self-destruction." Mrs. Brunschnieder la
about 38 years of age.
reappointment, was defeated for the of
fice. Dr. F. R. Orella and hr. J. Mas3on
were elected as city visiting physicians.
The ¦ fifteen directors elected are: J.
Bayle. £42 votes: J. A. Bergerot. 470: P.
Berges. 674; O. Bozio. 639; J. Codeu, StD; J.
M. Dupas. 5SS: J. S. Godeau. 662; A. Gous
tiaux, 727; J. Jullien. 680; J. B. Lacaze. 633-
T. Lascote, 707: H. S. Martin. 8SW: E. M«»* -
sager, 624; G. .Pouchan, 622; E. Thiele, 62«.
Dr. Artigues received 364 votes and D-.
de Chantreau 313. The vote for city visit
ing physicians was as follows: Masson.
369; Orella, 581; Itottanzl, 132; Roy, Kfi.
The defeated candidates for directors
were: J. Delbat, 232; J. Desbarats, 2S2- C
A. Dumont. 343: E. A. Jaujou. 146.
The new board of directors will meet on
Wednesday night and. as arranged, elect
J. M. Dupas as president. The directors
will also appoint the medical staff ar.i
superintendent and secretary. No names
for these posts have been selected, but Os
reign of M. Bosquet, present superintend
ent of the hospital, will be brought to a
close.
The fifteen anti-Chartrey candidates
were elected, and carried with them. Dr.
J. E. Artigues for the post of consulting
physician at the hospital. Dr. de Chant
treau, a Chartrey candidate, who sought
Anti-Chartrey Ticket Elected.
An attempt to prolong the discussion by
the Chartrey faction was nipped by -the
application of »the "closure." It was
known to i the anti-Chartrey faction that
a plot existed to stave off the .election to
a late hour so that the majorly of the
"Bearnais," who could not remain, would
not be able to vote. The "closure" was
carried, and the proposal to abolish the
school of nurses was carried by a big
majority vote. The other proposals car
ried were of minor importance.
The election commenced at 3 p. m. and
closed at 7. The counting of the votes
was closely scrutinized, and at 10 p. m.
the result was made known.
truth!" came In a rush from all parts of
the hall, and Chartrey vainly rang his
bell for order.
J. M. DUPAS. WHO HAS BEEN SELECTED BY THE- ANTI-CHARTREY
FACTION FOR THE OFFICE OF PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH MU
TUAL BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. "J..::: .•
fight among the members of
-HI':, the French colony which has been
I waged for, the past year over the
11 management of the French Hospi
tal, came to a close ' yeaterday,
when, at the annual meeting of ; the. mu
tual benevolent society, President K.
Chartrey ; and his supporters were com
pletely routed. Not a single Chartre"y, man
was elected to the board of managers of
tlje • society • and despite , the .; efforts of
Chartrey. to maintain the training school
for nurses, , the members of the society
decided by an overwhelming -vote to abol-'
ish the school : which has been the cause
of much scandal in 'the past year. ,- .
The meeting and election took place in
Native ; Sons' -Hall. S46 members being
registered as attending. , The Chartrey
and anti-Chartrey factions lined up for
battle at" 1 ; p. 'm.,: and* at 10. p. m. the
Chartrey colors went down to defeat'amid
the rejoicing of the. victors.
, The election board, appointed two weeks
ago, took every precaution yesterday to
prevent any illegal voting. Members were
required to ; present ' their < credentials on
entering : the hall and received a voting
card; The cards were exchanged for bal
lots and before depositing the voting slips
In the urns each voter was compelled to
sign a register. The election board I re
membered the scandal which attended the
previous election and no chances were
lateen of the. ballot box being "stuffed."
' Combine to Defeat Chartrey.
During the past week thirty- two names
of , candidates for election as directors o*
the- society had been posted. Chartrey is
credited with having made an active -cam-^
palgn, spending money freely to drum up
votes. On Thursday last the "League of
Henri IV" combined ¦ forces with ; tfie
"Julien"-men, with the -object. of secur
ing the downfallof Chartrey and his ad
nerents. A slate was prepared of fifteen
strong candidates, pledged to select J. M.
Dupaa for the" office of "president. ¦ ••¦"- -
Chartrey begged to be allowed to figure
on the slate, but the "Bearnais" would
not hear of It. Chartrey, in a fit of dli
gust, withdrew his name and those of hla
candidates from the ballot,' and all his en
ergy was directed to defeat Dupas for
president. ¦ .
At yesterday's meeting the various
amendments and propositions of mem
bers came up for adoption. The big fight
of the day was made on the proposal to
abolish the training school for nurses.
Chartrey took the floor and claimed that
the school was a financial success and
that It should be continued. This state
ment raised an uproar.
Student Nurses Forced to Go.
A. Goustiaux delivered an Impassioned
speech in which he demanded the abolish
ment of the school .on the ground that It
was of no use and prolific of scandal.
,,p, A. Bergerot spoKe in a similar strain
and said that the scandalous conduct of
some of the nurses had brought the hos
pital into disrepute.
J A. Bergerot locked horns with Presi
dent Chartrey when the latter denied that
the mangement of the hospital had ever
had any trouble with the nurses. Cries
of "Sit- down!" "Question!" "Tell the
MANILA^ March 24.— In the province of
Cavlte four Insurgent officers and flfty
three men, with flfty-slx rifles, have sur
rendered" to : Lieutenant Colonel Frank D
Baldwin of the Fourth United States Cav
alry, and one Insurgent officer and twelve
men, 1 with sixteen rifles, to Colonel Walter
Schuyler of the Forty-sixth Volunteer In
fantry. . '-'-_/¦
The : attendance ; at tne' services of the
evangelical church: lnyManlla is. not - di
minished.-Protestantism-Is spreading rap
idly In the province of Pampan.* -~
Five Officers and Sixty-Five Men Lay
i Down Their Arms. :
STTRBENDER OF HTSTTBGENTS.
WASHINGTON, March 24. — Secretary
Root and Adjutant General Corbin expect
to make a trip to the Philippines for a
personal Investigation of conditions there.
It is the programme for Secretary Root to
go" with the President's party on the over
land trip to California ; to witness the
launc«~ng of the battleship ' Ohio. The
Adjutant General may go on the Presi
dent's train or follow, on the special car
rying the Ohio delegation, including the
Governor of the State. It Is the desire of
the ' ¦ Secretary to witness the closing
scenes in the pacification of the islands. >
Adjutant General Corbin is going at the
special : request - of '¦ the -President and of
the Secretary, both of whom appreciate
fiis services since the beginning of the
war with Spain. *. • ..¦•¦.¦¦;
General Miles will remain in Washing
ton. - .: /¦ :•¦¦¦- - .-. -¦¦¦" ¦¦ . ¦:
Projected Jaunt of Secretary Root and
General Corbin.
"WILL VISIT THE PHILIPPINES.
ippines have accepted appointments under
the civil government and will remain In
the Islands. Captain George T. j Bowman
of the Twenty-sixth Infantry -has accept
ed a position in the office of the provost
marshal general, First Lieutenant James
G. Hannah, Twenty-seventh Infantry and
formerly first lieutenant of the Twenty
third Infantry, will hereafter serve as
quartermaster of Santa Mesa Hospital,
and First Lieutenant A. U. Faulkner,
Twenty-first Infantry, who was a private
with Troop C, New York Cavalry, will
serve with the - native • scouts in the De
partment of Northern Luzon. Other vol
unteers who are to remain under orders
thus far Issued are from Virginia, West
Virginia, Ohio, Kansas, South Dakota,
Idaho, California and Washington.
Officers of the Eleventh Cavalry will
not return, but will remain on special
duty in the Philippines. Major Hugh T.
Slmes, on duty in the prison, is to be es
tablished in Olongapo, Luzon; Captain E.
L. Glasgow, provost judge in the Depart
ment of Southern Luzon; Captain Edward
A. Sturges, Russell T. Hazard and James
O. Ross and First Lieutenant O. P. M.
Haard, with the Macabebe scouts; Cap
tain William J. Kipp, on duty, in connec
tion i with; the building- of roads and
bridges. In the Department of South Lu
zon; Captain George W. Winterburn, act-
Ing quartermaster in Lueena,' province
of Tayabad. Luzon: First Lieuten
ants - Charles' R. Trowbrldge and
George Curry and' Second Lieutenant E.
S. Luthld, in the office of the Provost Mar
shal General; First Lieutenant H. V. Hill,
as Collector of Internal Revenue In Santa
Cruz, province of Laguna, Luzon; > First
Lieutenant George W. Wray and Second
Lieutenant George M. Cutts, with the na
tive scouts in the Department of Southern
Luzon: First Lieutenant Charles C. Win
nis, Collector cf Internal Revenue In the
Department of Southern liuzon; First
Lieutenant Lewis Forester, with the na
tive scouts In the Department of Northern
Luzon; First Lieutenant Charles H. Bur
ritt»and Second Lieutenant Hugh Klrk
man, in the Mining Bureau, and Second
Lieutenant E. S. West, on the gunboat. In
the Department of Southern Luzon. • ,
These officers of the Thirty-sixth Regi
ment will remain In the Philippines in a
civil capacity:- Captain C. W. Mead, with
the Philippines Commission; Captain S. K.
Fltzhugh, in the office of the Chief En
gineer; Captain C. F. O'Keefe, with the
China relief expedition In Peking; Majors
W. H. Bishop and J. Q. A. Braden, Cap
tains W. Hicks, C. L. Stone, A. Hageman,
Henry Steere, F. R. Dodge. Will H. Point
and L. E. Cheever. . First Lieutenants R.
Treadwell and G. T. Bowman and Second
Lieutenants F. I. Hempstead/ and G. J.
Ogden. in the office of the provost mar
shal general; Captain E. A. Fr^. First
Lieutenants M. C. Corry, F. E. Smith,
Benjamin Lear Jr., S. W. WIddlfleld and
Winfleld Harper and Second Lieutenants
W. B. Graham, I. H. Pedlar, I. F. Cos
tello and George K. ( Wilson, with the
Macabebe scouts; First Lieutenant F. G.
Gwlnne. Collector of Internat*Revenue for
the Sixth District:. Second Lieutenant J.
A. Huntsman, in connection with the con
struction, of the railroad in the provinces
of Pangaslnan. Union ar.d Benguet, and
First Lieutenant T. B. Crockett, on duty
with the Illocan scouts.
Have Accepted Good Appointments
Under Civil Government in the
• Islands.
WASHINGTON, ; March 24.-Many offi
cers of the volunteers serving: In the Phil-
MANY OFFICERS REMAIN.
Formal recognition of the employment
of spies by the United States is made in
the last army appropriation law. An ap
propriation of $2,400,000 Is. authorized for
Incidental expenses,, among M'hich are
"hire of laborers. In the Quartermaster's
Department, including the hire of Inter
preters, spies or guides for the army."
This provision has created much com
ment among military attaches of foreign
governments ln ! Washington. They admit
the universal practice of using spies, but
they say it Is not- customary abroad to
acknowledge the fact as openly as the
United States does. The War Department
declines to give any facts concerning the
employment of spies, • but it 13 admitted
that General MacArthur has a . secret
service which has been Invaluable to the
military government In the Philippines.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET. N. W., WASHINGTON, March
24.— While Major General V MacArthur la
meting out heavy ' sentences '. to ' Filipinos
caught gathering information within the
American ranks, the United States Gov
ernment is . employing spies to obtain in
formation relative to the'plans of the in
surgents. --.' ¦¦-.¦: • . -^—
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
NAMES OF SPIES
ON THE PAYROLL
Uncle Sam Acknowledges
Their Employment in
" the Phiiippine3.
Frank Provision in th© Army Ap
propriation Law Excites the
Comment of Foreign
Military Attaches.
THE SAy TOA^ISCa
New York Friends of Mrs. Neville Castle Fear Thai-
She Has Committed Suicide.
SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS
A BANQUET IN HER HONOR
President Chartrey and His Faction Defeated===Nurses'
Training School Is Abolished.
FRENCH SOCIETY SELECTS
A NEW BOARD OF MANAGERS
3
A Cleveland boy was killed by'a kernel
of corn that lodged in his throat.' A post-
mortem j examination -.was held,'; - and % it
was discovered that the kernel - had
f prouted. ¦ r-r :. ¦ •: .•••¦¦' ,
Did you know that there is a grea^deal of
interest taken in oifr made-to-order suits at $10-
by the buying public ? »
Did you know that every dav, every month, '
every year trje sale of these suits has been on
the increase?
Customers who possibly were skeptical at
first found that the suits hung right and fit prop-
erly, that they looked well and wore splendidly.
We guarantee these suits, because we know
that they will sustain a. guarantee; and, by the
. way, our guarantee means somethings We guar-
antee every customer satisfaction with his pur-
1 chase— satisfaction not cn'y at the time he
accepts the suit and pays for if, tut during all
the time he is wearing the snit for a year after,
the .purchase...
The guarantee summed up is: Money re-
turned if you want it, or suit kept in repair free . ;
. for one year. H| fip&f
Wouldn't you like samples of these suits
. when you can get such protection with your
purchase ? .. • B|
Out-of-town orders filled — write for sampfos and self'
measuring blank. KsB
718 Market Street and
; Cor. Powell . & Eddy Sts.MONDAY MARCH 25,. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Atirti* AH Ctaaaaintiess to W. 8- LEAEE, Kutgit.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«a 204
PCBLICATIO.\ OFFICE... Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone Preas SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sleremon St.
Telephone Press SOS.
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Stnsle Copies. 8 Cents.
Terms br Mall. Inclndlnj? Postaa-ei
CAILT CALL (Including Sunday)", one. year J8-W
TAILT CALL (lndndlr.r Sunday), 6 months..... t.W
DAILT CALJ* riKdudinjr Sundav). S montht l.M
XJArLT CALX.— By Sln*1« Month «5<J
FLTCDAT CALU One Tear 1-5°
WEEKLY CALU One Tear I- 00
All postmaatera are authorised to receive
¦Dbucriptlon*.
Basp'.e copies will t* forwarded when requested.
M«n rnbucrfber* In crderinir chanr* of address should *•
particular to rl^e both NEXT AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tssure a prompt and correct compliance with their request. .
OAKLWD OFFICE HIS Droadwar
C. GEORGE icnOG!CESB.
Xmgtr foreign Adnrtiiise. ttirqatttj Bcilitag. CUetft.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2611")
KETV TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAHLTOV. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
8TEFHEX B. SMITH .30 "VI bane II all dine
KETV TORK NI — S BTAXDS:
VTtia-rf-Aftcrla Hotel; A. BrenUno. XI Union Square;
ttetray HU1 Hotel. •
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehensan Hocse; P. O. New* Co.; Great^ Northern Hotel;
PYetnont House; Auditorium RoteL *
WASHrxcrojr a>. o okf-ice 1400 c St.. jr. w.
3IORTO.V E. CHAM3. Correspondent.
Bit ANCn OFFICES^— CT7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
OStll 9:SS o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until S:!0 o'clock. e?3
McAllister, open until S:SO o'clock. €15 Larkln. opea until
• :3> o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 861 Market,
corner. Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
tiatn t o'clock. 10* Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. SW, cor
ner Twenty-Second and Kentocirr. open until 9 o'docV.
Coronado Beach/ Calif ornla, .will ; open ' the 1901
summer, season . June '•- 1st. . .Write for V; de
scriptive i pamphlet. E. S. Babcock,' Coronado"
Cal." . ¦ ¦ •. ¦ '.¦•'•: ¦-•:-. - '.- :,..'
Cor onado Beach.' Tent . City.
, < Now wherever Carnegie is; feasted in Scotland ¦ the
braw . Scots will* expect him to rise and after putting
down his^glass, hold , up a model library, building and
say, after the American fashion, "Gentlemen, have one
oilme."r>. ¦ •;'/;' ' ¦ : .. . ;\- '.
A Kansas story announces that a lively young
woman of that State recently went through the mar
riage ceremony standing astride of the boundary line
which separates Kansas from; Missouri j and now the
experts of that section are discussing whether she is
only half married or doubly, married. '
With the racetrack war out of . the . way, Ingleside
closed, the President coming and a city electiom in
sight that will give. us a chance to get. a: better mu
nicipal, government, we ought to feel that the twen,
tieth century is living up to its promise of bringing in
a new era of good to everybody.
: . ;At a ' recent ¦ discussion on street' improvement. in
New York one of the speakers suggested :. there
should be a monument erected to the memory of Boss
Tweed; so 1 it .seems a' colossal, municipal "thief is : hot
to be ; classed among the prophets, who are without
honor in. their own' country. ,' ."• ¦
It has been announced that a distinguished citizen
of Chicago who has been detected in the' commission
of such smart tricks as forging checks, and selling
tickets for "benefit concerts" of which he was the
only beneficiary is the original "shirt waist" - man,
who started such an agitation for that form of dress
last summer; and now the dudes are hunting round
for a new leader. . .
THERE is a confusion of tongues in various Par
liaments and Legislatures just now that is more
amusing than serious.' It began in the Austrian
Reichsrath, where 'Czech and German meet. The
Czech members two years ago insisted upon speaking
their own tongue and refused to understand any pro
ceedings in German. The. result was a daily fisticuff
and choking match on the floor. Desks were broken,
heads were cracked and the transaction of business
became impossible. These disorders have been re-.
newed in the same chamber. The Czechs swear great
caths in that capacious language, . make speeches
therein, defy the presiding officer and overrun all rules
of order. Every session ends in a fight, and black
eyes and split noses are proudly exhibited by the
statesmen on both' sides as evidence of their loyalty
to the mother tongue. When the British Parliament
met the Irish members took their cues from the
Czechs and have been making speeches in Irish, en
joying the great comfort of - saying their # full mind
about the hated Sassenach in a language he does not
understand while he has to sit and take it.
One time O'Conndl went to Connemara to make
a speech on Catholic emancipation, in which it
was expected that he would transcend the limits '•; of
permitted speech and lay himself liable to, arrest
Therefore reporters ..were sent along to take him
down verbatim. When he rose he said to these gen
tlemen, "Are you ready?" They responded that they
were, whereupon he proceeded to make an impas
sioned speech in Irish/understood by all his auditors,
but an entirely unknown tongue to the reporters. *
There is only one bar to the pleasure of the presen:
Irish members in following his example, and that is"
in their desire to not only free their minds, very
freely, about the Sassenach, but their wish that he may
know the words and phrases in which ; the- freeing is
done.
Coming nearer home we have a Territorial Legis
lature in our young, sister Hawaii, and a majority of
BABEL IN LEGISLATION.
The British battleship Prince George
claims to have made the fastest time in
coaling ship when on -January 15 she took
in 1220 tons in seven hours, from 1:30 to
8:30 d. m. \ . ' - ; ; '*;'£¦¦
• • • -¦ v • - • .• r -¦ ¦
Tho German Navy 'League.; was .estab
lished five years ago with the sanction of
the Emperor, who at that period took the
first steps toward making an extensive
naval programme IJpr Germany. The func
tions of the league have been to promote
a national interest in the naval defenses
of tho country, and it has done good work.
The organization now numbers B59.14L
members, against 246,967 a year ago, and
the number of branches throughout the
empire has increased from 286 to 1010 dur
ing the year.
Complaint is made in the Italian navy
that the language of the country is not
receiving encouragement as a study.
It has hitherto been customary to^have
an annual competitive examination of the
midshipmen in either French, German,
Spanish or Italian, the entries being op
tional, and for which there were $50 prizes.
Recently Italian has been withdrawn from
the prize list and a. not unreasonable ex
ception has been taken to ignoring the
mother tongue. *
A court-martial lias been held on the
officers charged with the loss of the Brit
ish cruiser Sybille, on the c&ast of Africa,
about two months ago. Lieutenants Hol
land and Cayley - were "adjudged to for
feit five years' seniority, Gunner Tapps. to
forfeit six months' seniority, and all, In
cluding Sub-Lieutenant Street, to be se
verely . reprimanded and dismissed from
their ship. The closing sentence would
seem to be superfluous, as the ship lies
partly on the rocks and partly in deep
water and is a total wreck.
"¦•;¦ . ... ; ..• • "-• ;^ :% -
The submarine boat question has be
come one of great Importance, and is se
riously considered since our navy has
given encouragement to inventions in that
line and ordered seven Hollands. No se
rious attention was apparently paid to the
submarine boats of France, but the Amer
ican boat '¦ will shortly ' be found in the
British navy, and Admiral Boerreson- of
the Norwegian navy has recommended the
purchase of a Holland boat. That sort of
craft is especially well adapted fpr the
coast and fjords of Norway, the admiral
contending that .with one of« these sub
marine vessels,' requiring only four men to
operate it," it will be . possible - to ;. Inflict
more destruction on an enemy than with
a battleship -manned by a crew of 300.
Nothing is known, of what. is beint; done
in that line In' Russia, . but .Austria and
Germany are adverse to submarine craft,
¦ Admiral von ' Tirpitz of the latter navy,
chief of the admiralty,' having stated be
fore the" Reichstag; that '. he was :not pre
pared to withdraw his objections to the
building of such craft.
' ¦ . .- ' '-' • • • ¦ •
The record of the German cruiser Fuerst
Bismarck's voyage f rqm. Kiel to Singapore
is published in detail in the January num
ber.' of the Marine Rundschau.. The voy
age, began -on June : 30 last year, and-ter
minated at Singapore August 1. " The ves
sel! coaled atf Gibraltar, Port • Said, . Port
.Tewfik, Perim and Colombo, ani the voy
age ¦ of f 8352 knots was, made : in ,, twenty
three days and .twenty-one hours," deduct
ing coaling stoppages, which : ; gave an
average speed of 14.6 knots for the trip.
Three seagoing torpedo -boats.' Nos. 90,
91': and 92, also lef t x the ' Wilhelmshaf en
"naval station for ; the Orient, the voyagg
beginning July 28 and<ending September
17 at' Singapore. l The route .taken was
about' 9000 knots ; in length . and the * speed
ranged , from ' nine I to sixteen knots. 1- The
machinery! of these small i craft, they be
ing of only 155 tong, '.gave but little;trou
ble, but ; a slow speed was found ; neces
sary in order, not to exhaust "the coal sup
ply, which was"; only thirty ; tons. . Upon
arrival at Singapore the boats were found
to; be in-. good!, condition . in ; every respect;
and the engine-room staff received flatter-
Ing commendation': from the chief of; the
squadron. ...
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
DIME— A." 8., Selma. Cal. Dealers
charge from 30 to 63r cents for a dime of
1843, but do not purchase any of that date.
AGE OF A MAN— W. R.. City. A man
who was born on the 11th of January, 1S61.
was on the 13th of March, 1901, aged 40
years 2 months anfl 2 days. ' - ; " .
MEXICAN PLACER MINES-G. P. S..
City. The information desired about
placer mines in Mexico may be obtained
by writing to the Minister of the Interior,
City of Mexico. .
LOBSTER— F. H.. City. There is no
record of the ''largest, lobster caught on
the Pacific Coast in the past two years."
nor of the "largest ever caught on the
eastern coast."
i STEAM ENGINEERING— S., Berkeley.
Cal. To become a "stedni enginee.r" go to
a bookstore, purchase books on Bteam en
gineering and in reading such you will
acquire a theoretical knowledge. To ac
quire a practical knowledge secure a po
sition as fireman and work up.
POPULAR PAPER-Subscriber. City. If
the popularity of a- newspaper published
In the city of Brooklyn, N. Y., is gauged
by the. circulation, then the Brooklyn
Eagle is the most popular paper. This
department is unable to state if any pa
per published outside of that city is more
popular there than the Eagle.
LEMONS— J. R. W., City. The counties
in the United States In which the greatest
amount of lemons are raised are Los An
geles, San Diego and Riverside, in Califor
nia. There are several other California
counties in which great quantities of lem
ons are raised, but it is claimed that these
are the banner counties.
TRAINS IN OAKLAND— G., Oakland.
Cal. The reason that the trains in pass
ing through the city of Oakland do not
observe the ordinary rule of "keep to the
right" is because of the manner in which
the tracks are arranged- at the mole. If
the rule of the road was followed trains
would, have to cross a number of tracks
and by so doing increase the liability of
collisions.
BEARS— J. M. B., Sonora, Cal. Oliver
Crother of Wolf, Nevada County, has
kindly furnished this department with an
answer to questions asked, about bears.
He writes: " 'Clubfoot,' the grizzly, was
killed. He weighed about two thousand
pounds. Several big grizzlies have been
killed in the Santa Cruz or Coast Moun
tains in V"entura, Santa Barbara and
Kern counties. They weighed from six
teen to eighteen hundred pounds. Very
few grizzlies are captured. They are too
savage. If J. M. B. desires I will furnish
a • history of 'Clubf oof," ¦. ¦
PETROLEUM -*- Subscriber, Tacdma,
Wash. Petroleum was known to the In
dians of Western New York, was used
by the "medicine men" and was called
Seneca oil. It was collected by the In
dians and early settlers of that State and
of Pennsylvania/amounting sometimes to
twenty barrels a year. The first organized
and .successful effort to bore for petro
leum wa3 made in 1S54 by a New York
company along Oil Creek, New York.
After that oil fields were located in other
parts of New York and Pennsylvania,
Ohio and West Virginia. Petroleum was
found 100 years ago In making the Duke
of Brldgewater tunnel at Wol3ey, at W«st
Leigh in Lancashire and the coal fields
of the supply being about fifty
barrels a day. There are records of the
finding of petroleum in St. Bores. Basse
Pyrenees. Germany, the Ionian islands,
Egypt. Assam. Java and the East Indies,
but this department has not been able to
ilnd" any record, of discovery of petroleum
in .Mandall, Norway, sixty years ago.
SAND BLAST— D. P. B., City. The sand
blast is .a method of engraving on glass,
metal or other hard substance by the
force of a rapid stream of sand driven
against either. The process was invented
by General B. C. Tighman of Philadelphia,
and was first- patented In October, 1S70
The Jet of sand may be driven by. a blast
of Bteam from a boiler at high, pressure
or by an. air blast produced by a fan re
volving at a great velocity.. The sand is
contained in a hopper and through a tube
witha line orifice is directed against the
object which , is to be cut or engraved
The blast pipe surrounds the tube and the
object to be operated upon is placed in a
box and adjusted so that it can be moved
as the figures are cut. Ornamental flir
ures are engraved on glass by this p-o
cess by placing upon it stencils of the
objects to be formed. The sand blast is
; used in the cutting of ornaments and in
scriptions upon, stone, in cutting blocks
of stone Into circular or other forms in a
lathe and or polishing , large pieces of
iron. At this time electricity 1% the mo
tive power used to drive the fan wheel
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
In the local markets there was more going on last
week. Provisions led iff with an advance, and wheat
and barley followed. Hides sold off somewhat. There
was continued improvement in prunes, and most sizes
are getting scarce. The depression in this fruit is
about over, and if the current demand keeps 'up there
will not be a good prune left in the State when the
new crop comes forward, though dealers expect to
carry over a quantity of very small and otherwise in
ferior fruit. Even this, however, is now meeting with
seme demand and may sell off better than expected.
Other dried fruits are meeting with an improved in
quiry, and the canners have already entered the field
for fresh fruits, such as peaches, plums, apricots,
pears, etc. This is earlier than the canners usually
buy and the prices paid are very fair. Custom-house
clearances show ?. continued large export business to
Northern and . South American ports, Pacific. islands
and the Orient. Altogether the outlook is even bet
ter thin it was last year at this time, which is saying a
rood deal.
Almost everything seems to be tending .upward.
Hogs and hog products made a general advance early
in the week, and hogs are reported scarce all over the
country. Pig iron and finished steel continue to ad
vance. Wheat and barley are quoted distinctly higher
th«;n tlify were a fortnight ago, though v the advance
has been timid and liesitating. A number of minor
staples have also risen more or less. Even wool, so
long neglected, is showing more tone, and there is
no longer any tendency to cut qudtations at Eastern
centers. Cotton, however, still drags. Prices are off
again, receipts from the South are free and prepara
tions for the new crop indicate an enormous acreage.
The spurt in boots and shoes is less pronounced and
fancy, high-priced- lines are easier, though the staples
show no weakness.
Merchandise seems to be in very good shape every
where. The retail trade, which has been active in the
West for some time, has greatly, improved along the
Atlantic seaboard and a good spring business is now
expected in the latter .section. The railroads are doing
a very large business, which is one of the best of
signs. Their earnings thus far in March show a gain
of 10.8 per cent ovtr the same month . in 1900
and 36 per cent over 1899. In fact, they are
doing so much business that the supply \ of
cars is seriously inadequate to handle all the
freight offered, as the orange shippers of California
know to their sorrow. This is the case almost every
where in the country, and, though the different lines
hare recently placed large orders for cars with West
ern works, it will be some time before they can be
turned out ready for use.
Wall street developed considerable .strength and
activity during the week, notably in steel and railroad
stocks. The firmness attracted the attention of the
public, who reappeared in the street as purchasers.
During the week the strained situation at Tientsin gave
the market a setback, not only in Wall street but on
the foreign bourses, and a selling movement set in,
but the easing off of the Russian. and British strain re
lieved the tension and the market again took an up
ward turn. '¦>
TRADE IMPROVEMENT MAINTAINED.
THE first quarter of 1901 is closing cheerfully,
•with no disturbing indications in any section of
the country. The bank clearings still show ex-
I-andirg business, those last week being 51.2 per cent
over the same week in 1900* with only one important
city in the country — Minneapolis — showing a falling
off. The gain at New York was 66 per cent, showing
probably increased activity in the stock market, ami
at Pittsburg 49.4 per cent, showing just that much
improvement in the iron and steel trades. Chicago,
where the wheat and provisions are bought and sold,
showed an increase of 18.3 per cent. The failures for
the week were 231, against 192 for the same week last
vear ¦ ',- .
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. P. Turner of Philadelphia is at
the Palace. :-w'--_
J. W. Gillls, a mining man of; Sonora,
Is located at fhe Lick. ?
-.Henry A. Belcher, a capitalist Of Bos
ton, Is a guest at the .Palace.
/ X>r. j. k. Hilerman of Pueblo. Mexico,
is a recent arrival at th* LJck. '•"' '
Captain R. B. Grover, a merchant of
Brockton, Mass., is at the Palace with his
wife. - \* ..-. $
Dr. J. J. Tully of Stockton and Dr. J.
M. Blodgett of Lodi are guests at the
Grand.
Richard Dale, who is connected with th*
Pennsylvania Railroad, is at the Palace,
with his wife.
. Harry Edward Freund. representative
of the Musical Age of New York City, is
registered at the Palace with his wlfa.
Bernhard LJndeaberger of Portland. Or..
Is at the Occidental. Mr. Lindenberger
proposes to establish a cold storage plant
on the Sacramento River for the preser
vation of salmon.
A CBLA23TCZE TO KTYTTT.E.
Beggar— Say. bos?, won't you help a poor
fellow out of a Job?
Joakley — Gracious! Can't you get out oi
it without my help? Pretend you're sick
or something.— Philadelphia Press.
"If that Mrs. Carrie Nation came to' otnj
town what would you say?" said the bar
tender to the Kansas saloon-keeper.
"Why, I'd say darn-Nation." was tha
stout man's response. — Yonkers States
man.
"Another theatrical company has bee&
quarantined. There seems to be some
thins- contagious about these traveling ag
gregation?."
"Say, perhaps It's the catchy socxs they
sing."— St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
"You have three daughters to taks card
of. I believe."
| "Yes, my family consists of three girls
now, but unfortunately they are develop
ing' tastes that are likely to just double*
tho number of people who will look to ma
for support." srssm
•"Indeed?"
"Yes. They appear to be acquiring a
fondness for titled foreigners." — Boston
Transcript.
in the rounding of th© curves—* very
.small Increase in avoirdupois that is very
becoming.
1 • • •
All thoughts tend country ward these*
days. These of us who are not ready
to go, once the Easter bell's have
ceased their joyful ringing, are looking
around and spending wakeful nights in
trying to decide the vexed question.
Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson have
taken a place at San Mateo tor the sum
mer and will leave during: the first week
in April.
The Harry T. Scotts have already
opened up their place at Burllngame.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Josselyn and tha
Misses Josselyn leave shortly for their
place at Woodside.
Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor will
spend the summer with their parents. Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins, at Menlo Park.
Mr. and Mrs. Will Taylor will occupy
their Burllngarne place- early in April.
TWO WELI>KNOWN SAN FRAN
ciscan 3 who are soon to
wed; -
Mrs. Sprague— Belle Wallace that was —
is with us for a short visit. For her there
have been many pleasant greetings and
informal little ; gathering's, but nothing
very pretentious, because of the Lenten
season and the lady's strict observance
of the rules of her church. Years have
not changed Belle Sprague much, except
Miss Frjedlander is being congratulated
on all sides by her many stanch, true
friends for striking out so bravely to re
trieve ' the family fortunes. Miss Fried
lander has taken the plunge boldly, and
has entered the catering business. We all
wish her success; that goes without say
ing.
They were the Dunn girls— Mrs. Henry
F. Dutton, nee Dunn, and her sister,
Polly Dunn. Mrs. Dutton was in white
and Polly was gorgeous in pink, and I
believe they were the only ladles in the
crowded auditorium who were In full
opera regalia. ' , ¦'-, ¦'» '¦¦¦'¦
Harry McFarlane'a box party at the
Sembrich opening on Monday night car
ried off the honors of the house- I never
saw such neck-craning and I leveling - of
lorgnettes as I : saw directed toward the
McFarlane loge. From all sides came the
same whisper: "What pretty girls: who
are they?"
- The little Cunninghams, who went with
mamma to church, attracted quite as
much attention as did their parent. They
looked like prize French dolls In their long
coats . of black satin with great lace col
lars, and the black poke bonnets trimmed
with nestling bunches of pink rosebuds.
regal In an exquisite gown of the finest
broadcloth, of that shade the. uninitiated
refer to as "plum" and which the modiste,
refers to as "puce." It was severe In Its
outlines, and the only trimming was the
Clunie lace on the corsage. A hat with
great bunches of violets was worn with
the costume, as was also a nile-green silk
underskirt.
Any procedure more different from fire fighting in
this country it would be difficult to imagine among a
civilized people. There, is one feature of it that will
fill Americans with' wonder. What would be thought
here of a set of firemen who after putting out the
flames, should proceed to clear away the rubbjsh,
scrub the floor and make a general clean up before,
leaving? We can teach Berlin much in the way of
machinery, and surprise her by the promptness with
which our firemen act, but in the house-cleaning
touch she is ahead of us.
The difference between our methods of fighting
fire and those that obtain in Berlin is shown by the
statements of an Americjin who had an experience
with the Fire Department in that 'city. He occupied
an apartment on the third: floor of a ifour-story,.build
ing, and, according to his story as told in the New-
York Times, this is what happened:
One morning he was aroused by the smell of. smoke,
and on examination found a fire smoldering down
through the ceiling of his dining room.-' He' rushed to
tho corner and turned in the electric alarm. No one in
terfered with this, but -as he started to return he. was
courteously but emphatically requested by a policeman
who had impassively watched the proceeding to remain
where he was. His appeals to be allowed to return and
look after his wife and children were waived aside as
Irrelevant. • There was probably no occasion for so much
impatience, and when a» alarm was rung the authori
ties expected exact inforVnation as to who had rung It
and why. The fact Wiat the gentleman was In slippers
and bath robe ' counted for nothing, j Before he was
allowed to return his name, occupation and address
were taken," and a second policeman was sent' to his
house to ascertain if there was a fire there. When his
statement on this point was verified he was allowed to
.return. Presently the enfjfftes and other fire department
apparatus assembled in a quiet and orderly way. There
was no frantic excitement, little clanging of gongs, and
no shouting. As It was. a "third-class fire," the first
and second class engines were sent home again, and
the third class firemen took fh© matter in hand. In
stead of deluging thebuilding with water, they did the
work with chemical apparatus, and had the fire out
before any serious damage had been done. The fire
men then swept up the rubbish and carried it away,
and astonished the housekeeper. by scrubbing the floor
of the room In which a part of. th& ceiling had fallen.
Meanwhile ; the officers of the department were busy
taking notes and making diagrams. When they left
the place was clean and In good order, save : for the
carpentry work nnd replastering needed to repair the
damace.
to an exposition that will astonish as well as instruct
her people. ' \
The exhibition promises a very go«d opportunity
for American manufacturers of fire-fighting machin
ery to find a good market for their products, and also
for American firemen to show their superiority in
all the work a fireman is called upon to perform.
If anything like a genuinely representative exhibit
be made from the United States Berlin will be treated
It is further announced: "Thc-object of the exhi
bition is not only to give manufacturers of every coun
try an opportunity to notify others of the present
state of this branch, but also to bring the represen
tatives of fire brigades of differerft nations -in closer
contact, with .one another. We cordially invite muni
cipal authorities, fire brigade associations, national
unions, manufacturers, mill-owners and interested
parties of every country to compete, and respectfully
lequest the same to 'energetically promote i the object
jr. view, and especially by exhibiting suitable appara
tus and the like."
The date for the exhibition was chosen so as to
make the occasion serve as a celebration of the fif
tieth anniversary 'of the organization of the Berlin
Fire Brigade. The German ; authorities are well
pleased with the record of the brigade, and the note to
our Government says: "The organization at Berlin
has been the means of starting in Germany a new
epoch of development in connection with apparatus
or means for the extinction of and protection against
fire; and thanks are due to such organization and
the experience directed therefrom, whereby it has
been possible, by increasing the fire protecting
means, to put a check on the dangers. threatening in
consequence of the rapid development of technics and
industry." . / .
r^ ONSULAR REPORTS for March announces
I that the State Department has received a note
the Germany Embassy at Washington in
regard to the international exhibition of appliances
for protection and rescue from fire, which will be held
in Berlin during the months of June and July of this
year. It is announced that the executive -committee
is desirous of having fire appliances of all kinds sent
from the United States tothe largest extent possible.
FIRE PREVENTION IN BERLIN.
It has been my special delight to watch
Mrs. Folger and her little ones wend their
way to. St. Dominlck's every Sunday
morning. I' do not believe any one will
contradict- me when I declare I consider
her to be the most stunning and best
dressed woman in San Francisco. The
clothes' she has brought with her from
abroad represent the finest, from a good
taste as well as from a monetary stand
point. On Sunday last she looked simply
"We have all been calling, upon Mrs.- Fol
ger, congratulating her upon her return
and upon the little Folger ' heir that has
been so warmly welcomed all around, no
where more ; cordially, however,' than by
the quartet of young Cunninghams.
: As to Dorothy's wedding to young Nor
rls, it is ¦ not probable' that that happy
event will be solemnized within a year.
. Mrs. Collier's return is eagerly awaited
by winsome Margaret, so she may name
the happy day." that will make her the
wife; of Royal P. Macdonald. The wed
ding* will take place. before Easter. This
much : has already been 'decided upon.
Mamma is also to be consulted upon the
absorbing question. "Who shali-be asked
to , the wedding?" and it rests with her
whether '."those present". \ shall include
only the family or also some, intimate
friends.
Pretty, Dorothy .Collier's health is caus
ing' her many friends considerable alarm.
Mrs. Collier has taken her to. Santa Bar
bara, where she will remain for some time
to come in hopes that change of scene and
:climate will prove beneficial to her. Doro
thy is all unstrung. She. can't sleep, she
has lost her appetite and is growing palo
and listless. However, it is expected that
three months in'Southern California will
completely restore her to her once rosy
self. , ¦
A DELICIOUS story Is going around
apropos of a recent swell engage
ment, the announcement of. which
astonished U3 all so much. It ap
pears now that we were not one
whit more surprised than was the happy
man In the case. . r
It happened at theMardl Gras ball, at
least so the story runs. He was t eellnp
happy and»Jolly and he kissed Mary. It 1
was the spirit of the carnival that was
accountable for it all.' \
'.Mary, however, did not see It that way,
and she went and told mamma. Mamma
did. not see it in the carnival light either,
and she. announced the engagement.
_-'•".• . ' • -,-J • .*. -^ ¦ . .¦
I am just telling this to" show that even
one . supposed to know It all may he l.«r
norant of certain matters. • > ..».
Alfred ' Bouvier and Mayor Phelan were
having a little, friendly chat together.
Naturally that was some little while ago,
and the theatrical . man, .having In his
.mind's eye -Phelan as a patron of the
arts, deftly turned the conversation to
Sembrlch. - .
VSembrich," said - the Mayor, with a
bland . smile. "What doe3 she "do?"
. '.'Sings," Bentantfously replied Bouvier.
"Oh," said Phelan. , And then they
talked and talked— of something else. 1 *
Maybe, this modern instance is to teach the nations
and races that*it is better each should. flock by. itself
and manage its own civilization and institutions.
Perhaps there is the same ; wise and Providential
purpose in this confusion of tongues that appeared
in that original parliament of man that undertook to
get above high water mark by' building the Tower oi
Babel. That was for the purpose' not only of stopping
work, but to disperse man, eachtribe and kindred by
difference of speech, from the others' being compelled
to go by itself.
its members are natives who either, cannot or will not
speak English. They insist on debating in the liquid
language of their fathers, with its even flow of, vowels
seldom interruptedly a consonant. This is disagree-'
able to the white members, who are accustomed to
the corduroy course of English in which consonants
interrupt like chuckholes across a speed track. The
Speaker of the "Hawaiian House is half Chinese arid
half Hawaiian, and is a sort of' polyglot megaphone,
talking all three languages; fluently, so that he is not
disturbed by the situation.
How different all that is from the wild reports that
have been given of President Hadley's addresses in
the East the public will readily perceive. It has been
stated that he advocated social ostracism of all who
engaged in organizing and maintaining trusts, and
that he had declared there is danger there will be an
imperial government established at Washington,
within twenty-five years unless public sentiment be
changed. • No such doctrines can be fairly drawn even
by inference from his statements. His appeal is sim
ply for a higher code of collective honor, and as such
merits the thoughtful and serious attention' of the pub
lic at large as well as of academic audiences.
We need then a social code that will set our "gentle
men" to work in the right way. That code, of course,
cannot be formulated by statute. It must be the out
growth of the intelligence and the virtue of the best
men and the best women in a. community. In the de
velopment of such a code President Hadley sees his
only hope of the republic, and in that regard thought-*
ful persons will agree with him. "
When we have formed such a public sentiment
throughout America in favor of right ideals of conduct
in private business and in public j. flairs we shall have
at last established securely social welfare and demo
cratic government, In that connection/ President
Hadley defined the essential mark of a gentleman as
"a readiness to subordinate a man's own convenience
and desires to a social code," and he went on to say:
"The code may be a good one or a bad one, but it is
an authority which the gentleman accepts of his own
free will, without waiting for any one to compel him
to accept it. To the extent that he does this he not
only proves himself a gentleman, but proves himself
capable of self-gevernment."
We have here a high ideal of public sentiment. The
phrase means, according to President Hadley, not that
which a majority is willing to talk for and vote for,
but that which the" community, or at least the domi
nant portion of it, lives up to in very deed. As an.
illustration of the power of that kind of sentiment he
cites the case of the student body at West Point,
among whom there his developed a social code more
potent than the regulations of the academy, the com
mands of officers and acts of Congress.
The failure of individualism in so many important
respects has naturally tended toward -the development
of a sentiment in favor of socialism, under the belief
that the evils of the present system can be cured by
state machinery. With socialism President Hadley
may have something of sympathy, but he does not
trust it as a panacea of the ills of society. He empha
sizes the truth that the' power of government to use
its machinery in the public interest "is in some
respects more apparent than real," and goes on to
say: "A democratic government is subject to special,
difficulties in exercising this power. It lacks the com
pelling force behind it which is felt in a monarchy or
an aristocracy — for what is everybody's business is
nobody's business, and laws which are passed with
enthusiasm often go rnenforced. It lacks continuity
of policy and tenacity of purpose. This difficulty is
seen when we compare our own foreign policy with
that of a country like Russia."
We Americans are living nominally under a govern
ment by law, but really under a government by public
opinion, and the speaker pointed out that the abiding
opinion'of the majority is not always expressed at the
polls. The vote, as he said, "may be simply the out
come of a widespread personal interest and may riot
deserve in any sense the name of public sentiment or
public spirit. Take the whole matter of anti-trust
legislation. Most people object to trusts. Why?
Largely because they do not own them. If a man
really believes that a trust is a bad thing and would
refuse to countenance its pursuits if he "were given .1
majority interest in its stock he can fairly dignify his
spirit of opposition to trusts by the title public
sentiment."
The orator began by pointing out that of the two
ideals of popular government — individualism and so
cialism—neither in itself is satisfactory. The individu
alistic theory has been tried for a time sufficiently long
and with a scope sufficiently ample to afford a thor
ough test of its merits, but the results have, not been
whojly satisfactory. It has been proven, as President
Hadley said, that "self-interest has done a great deal
for us, but it will not do everything. It is a powerful
stimulant to good, but neither in economics nor in
morals is it that panacea for social ills which so many
persons two generations ago thought it to be."
PRESIDENT HADLEY'S ADDRESS.
j—x RESIDENT HADLEY'S charter day address
I /at Berkeley was severely academic in tone and
thought, as befitted the occasion and the
audience. It was mainiy a criticism directed to a con
sideration of democratic government and of the re
lations between law arid public opinion. There was
nqthing in it upon \vhich any partisan can lay hold as
an argument for his party, but very much in it upon
which all citizens ought to lay hold as a matter" of
value to themselves and to society.
.- ,¦ .• _ ¦* . ¦. ¦..¦. ' ¦' :-.¦:¦¦ ¦:•¦¦¦¦ ... ¦....;¦,.•¦¦ , __ , , -. ¦
THE SAN FR ANGI SCO CALL, MONDAY; MARCH 25, 19()1;
"BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY: SOME INSIDE FACTS ABOUT
A SWELL ENGAGEMENT.
* •
4
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll-'The •VTefliing Day."
Central — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheuin — Vaudeville. . '
Grand Opera-house — No performance this evening.
Aleaxar— "Too Much Johnson."
Columbia— "The UttJe Minister." .
Alhambra— "The Ar.pel of the Alley."
Oljrnpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venln*.
Fischer' •—Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races. . .••*.'---.-•;:
Call ftobkcrlben contrinplatlngr a changre of
residence daring the Hammer month* ean hav<>
their paper forwarded l»y mail to their new
addresnea liy notif j ins: The Call Bualness Office.
Thlx piifirr will nl»o be on nale at all summer
reaort* and la represented lij- a local agent In
all towiia on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
We suppose it needn*t be
more than 5 per cent, if ; people
would take fair care and Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil. •
We'll lend yon a little to try, if you Site.
SCOTT & SOW'KE, '409 Furl street. New York.
Between the two, the crop
is a big one : about one-sixth
of the human race.
Low vital force is hereditary;
which gives consumption its
chance. An infection starts
it.
NOT HEREDITARY *
".In the main, consumption
is not hereditary; it is infec-
Choice candles, Tovnsend's. Palacs HotelV
CaL dace> fruit 30c per lt> at Towoacoifi.*
Best eyeglasses, 10c >to 40c. Look out for
SI 4th, front- of barber store and grocery."
Special Information' supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Alcru-
eornery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Conductor— "Why didn't you stop for
them three fellera that signaled?
Motorman— I ?ot me week's salary In ma
pocket, and you bet" I ain"t taklns
chances like that. — Puck." •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.Francis Mlguot, saloon-keeper at Plrie
street and Bacon place, whose license was
revoked by the Police ' Commissioners on
complaint of tne Rev. Father Otis, was
arrested Saturday night and charged
with selling liquor without, a license.
A short- tim > ago the police board noti
fied Mlguet that his license had been re
voked. Suspecting that he was Belling
drinks unmindful of the action of the
Commissioners, Captain Wittman Satur
day night sent two of his men disguised
as "farmers" to endeavor to catch Mlguet'
violating the ordinance relative to selling
liquor without a license. The officers en
tered the place and called for beer, which
was promptly served to them. They then
placed Miguet under arrest and took him
to the City Prison. He was immediately
released on bonds.
Revoked by the Police Board,
Arrested.
CAUGHT VIOLATING
LIQUOR OBDINANCS
Francis Miguet, Whose License Was
Prominent Merchant of Middle States
I Weds Miss Meta Ashsr of
This City.
At the home of her parents, surrounded
by flowers intertwined with foliage and
evergreens. Miss Meta Asher, daughter
of Henry Asher, tne well known mer
chant, wa9 united in matrimony yester
day at high noon to Abraham Davldsortf
a prominent young business man of Sioux
City, Iowa.
The bride Is extremely popular among
a large circle of young people of this city,
and the parlor in which the wedding took
place was filled to its utmost capacity
with friends, who had come to witness
the solemnizations of the sacred vows.
The marriage ceremony was performed
by Rabbi Nieto. The honeymoon of the
young couple will be spent in a trip
through the southern part of the State,
thence to the East by way of New Or
leans. Their future home will be in Siotfx
City, where the groom has extensive busi
ness interests. ..:;•>;.¦¦¦
SIOUX CITY BUSINESS .
MAN CLAIMS A BBIDE
Addresses by Temperance "Workers.
Mrs. M. C. Brehm, the well-known
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
worker, has arranged to visit San Fran
cisco again the coming week. Miss Brehm
will conduct classes for ladles In parlia
mentary drill at State headquarters. 132
McAllister street, on Wednesday, Thurs
day and Friday mornings. On Wednesday
evening Miss Brehm .will : speak at the
Simpson Memorial Church, and on Thurs
day to the sick soldiers at the Presidio.
Ijocked up in the City Prison are two
boys who are accused of attempting to
rob a drunken man named John Slaver,
on Jessie street,. near Third, at an early
hour yesterday morning. They are Charles
Kelly, aged 15 years, and William For
rester, aged 10 years.
Shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing Policeman Morrissey while walking
along Third street discovered the boys
In the act of robbing Slaver, who was
lying helpless on the sidewalk from the
effects of liquor. , Seeing the officer ap
proaching, the youthful robbers ran up
Jessie street. After a short chase Morris
sey captured them and took them to the
City Prison. On account of their tender
years the prison sergeant refused to
charge them with attempted robbery, but
booked them for some public Institution.
To-day they will be commiued to the
Whittier Reform School.
When questioned last night both boys
admitted their guilt but pleaded in exten
uation that they were hungry and. seeing
» man lying on the sidewalk helplessly
•xlrunk, they decided to rob him.
Last evening the mothers of the boys
visited them In the City. Prison. They
said that both boys were Incorrigible, and
seemed pleased when told that they would
be sent to the reform school.
Slaver was also arrested and charged
with drunkenness.
*
Find Him Asleep on Jessie Street
and Proceed to Relieve Him
of His Money and
Valuables.
Two Boys Discovered in
the Act of Robbing
& Man.
PLEAD HUNGER
AS THEIR EXCUSE
The lady remained in the Philippines a
year, meeting her sailor lover quite fre
quently as the Sherman made many
trips. She finally returned to San Fran
cisco and it was arranged that she was
to become Mrs. Hawes as soon as promo
tion came to her lover. On the last voy
age of the Sherman Captain Grant was
transferred to another, vessel. Captain
Hawes was given command, ana the quiet
wedding at San Jose resulted, y
Mrs. Hawes that is in the meantime
entered tho service of the Government
as a nurse, and as fate would have it wUs
ordered to Manila.- Fate was again kind
and decreed that she should sail on the
Sherman, and she again met . her old
friend. During the voyage to Manila the
friendship was renewed and ripened into
love. When she left the vessel at Manila
she was the promised wife of the gallant
sailor.
The courtship of Captain Hawes pos
sesses a tinge of romance. He first met
the lady who is now his wife while on a
visit to St. Paul. A strong friendship
sprang up between the two, which was in
terrupted by the captain's return to San
Francisco to resume his" duties as acting
master in the transport service.
The many friends of Captain W. H.
Ha'wes of the transport Sherman will be
surprised E to learn . that he has become ' a
benedict. He slipped away from his
many duties quietly and went to San Jose,
whero Rev. Pr. Dinsmoro performed the
ceremony that made Miss S. L. Stowell
of this city Mrs. Captain Ha/vfes.
Woman of His Choice Is Per
formed Quietly at
•; San Jose. • •
Ceremony Uniting Sailor and Young
Masttr of th« SHerman
Makes Miss Stowell
His Bride.
CAPTAIN HAWES
WEDS ARMY NURSE
ILLNESS STILL PREVENTS
MME. SEMBRIGH'S APPEARANCE
"La Traviata" Date Is Canceled===flarie Wainwright
and Company in ah Excellent Orpheum Show.
FROM THE ALTAR
TO REFORMATORY
Colorado Girl Is Placed
Undir Arrest on Her
Wedding Day.
T"oun£ Brid« Proves to Be an Es
cape From the State Indus
trial School for - * ¦ '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, March 24.— Augusta Sche.1
xnan, IT years old and pretty, was arrested
on her wedding day and brought from the
altar to the State Industrial School for
Olrls, from which she Is recorded as an
escaped prisoner. She must stay theio
four years longer, the time she was sen
tenced to serve. Representative Twoni
bly is so incensed over the case that ho
will introduce an amendment to the bill
appropriating funds for the school barring
married women from the Institution
Augusta Bchelman was paroled recently
and placed in a family as a servant Kli*}
became discouraged with her progress
there and escaped, running away to Sil
verton with her lover. Charles Nelson.
bne was at once posted as an escaped
prisoner and search was made for her.
She married Nelson in Sllverton last FtI
uay. \\ hlle the ceremony was being per
formed an order for her arrest came by
telegraph from the officers of the indus
trial scr-col. who had learned of her
whereabouts, and she was arrested as
Eoon as the ceremony was over. Rev
oeorge Eaves, who performed the cere-
H^V. Is liable to prosecution.
The girl was brought back to Denvrr
to-day by Superintendent Irish of the
Echooi.
CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATE
WILCOX ON HIS WAY HOME
R. W. Wilcox. Congressional Delegate
from Hawaii, returned | last night from
Washington. D. C. and registered at the
Occidental. This Is the first session of
Congress that Mr. Wilcox has attended,
and he deplores the fact that it was too
short to compass the passage of bills thai
would have advanced the interests of thy
islands.
After the protest against his being seat
ed as Delegate had been denied Wilcox
tried hard to have an appropriation pro
vided to pay a commission whose duty i:
would have been to investigate the ques
tion o€ the settlement of 2.000,000 acres
of land In the islands in smaller lots than
300 aer^s, as the present homestead laws
provide. His idea was to permit the tak
ing up of twenty or forty acres by ono
i "dividual and in this way \\ ueox says
there is room for thousands of American
farmer*. He is in hopes that the bill will
be passed at the next session.
The defeat of the river and harbor bill
precludes the possibility of harbor im
provements In Hawaii and the proposoJ
appropriation of $250.noo for* a revenue
cutter, thouph sadly needed, also went by
The board. The only appropriation which
Hawai! received was one of $12,000 for an
experimental agricultural station.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 25; 1901;
Among the passengers from San Diego
on tho steamer" Queen yesterday was
I>eputy Sheriff Harry Hubbell and a pris
oner named John Lambert The last
named is a lad about 19 years of age and
has been sentenced to San Quentin for
one year for burglary. Hubbell was de
termined the- lad should not, escape," so
he: not only handcuffed him* but -1 also
shackled his ankles. The prisoner could
rot take a -step; 1 - so had to shuffle along
Eas.t street from Broadway wharf toward
the Tiburon ferry. A growing and'indig
nant ' crowd followed : the : Sheriff and his
'prisoner and" when, some one proposed
mobbing the , officer . there : were dozens
ready to.foltowthe lead. Just. then Orri
cer Dower of the harbor police put in an
appearance ? and - persuaded ¦ ¦¦ Hubbell •* i to
take the shackels off the lad's ankles.- The
Deputy Sheriff stands about* six feet and
weighs 200 pounds,' while the boy is about
five feet three inches and weighs not
more than 120 pounds. .
Deputy Sheriff Nearly Mobbed.
The . action of Sergeant Pat i Mahoney,
who' has in his veins the blood of Brian
Boru, In having three ; patrolmen : belong
ing, to Captain Wittman's district charged
with the heinous: offense of not saluting
him jaa : required by the rules : recently
adopted has aroused the i keenest i interest
in the, department, 'as it Is the first case
of the kind on record.. The consensus of
opinion Is that" Mahoney has made a mis
take iin' allowing, himself to, become ;lm
bued .with the spirit of. aristocracy ; that
now permeates - San> Francisco i city j gov
ernment and allowing tfie cravings of his
blue"; blood, to overcome his .democratic
Judgment.'- "-*' '• ¦.:' '- ¦ ¦ : :
.•;¦•¦ Chief - Sullivan ' said 1 yesterday that , tho
rules of the department must be enforced.
Mahoney, he said,' had •, simply ; tried to
maintain proper, discipline. .There was no
complaint against Policeman MacLean, aa
he saluted. - but 5 Harris, Butler and . Mer
r'ck dirt not do so. ..i *
i'/.'Aslt is a matter purely of discipline,"
said the Chief, "I : will deal with it, ¦ and
no r '.the commissioners/ The oflense oc
curred at« noon." and 1 therefore there could
be ; no ' excuse .that ' the patrolmen did not
see the sergeant. . They - made ; th& excuse
that they, were in the -ranks at the time."
but I- have ascertained that such was not
the caser which makes It rvorse for them.
Two of • them are : chronic offenders • in this
respect,' and ; they, must be disciplined."
Salute to Men of Mighty
Place.'
Comon Police Patrolmen Must Give
EXALTED BANK DEMANDS
HOMAGE THAT IS DUE
Odd Fellows' Hall Thronged Wltli
Merry Uancers Attired in
Handsome Costumes.
The first grand prize masquerade ball
given by Golden Gate Lodge, Sons of Ben
jamin, at Odd Fellows' Hall last night
was a very successful affair. More than
a hundred couples participated in the
dance, and their costumes were all orig
inal and rich. The . competition for the
prizes offered was keen, resulting in the
appearance of many handsome costumes.
The dance was under the direction of the
following committees:
Arrangements — Leo Aron, Max Cohn, Herman
Lesser, L. Zior, Martin S. Meyer, J. Goldstein,
Gordon. J. Jacobs. William Baron. Carl
Abraham, I. O. Kasser, Miss M. Ososky, Mrs.
£. Davidson and M. Reinhelmer. -
. Reception— Max Cohn. E. Gordon. L. ¦ Zier, I.
A. . Kasser, -. M. Reinhelmer and Marnhelm
Marks. '- - < . ..-'¦,'
Floor— Herman Lesser (manager), William
Baron (assistant), J. Jacobs, A. S. Fass, M. S.
Meyer, J. G6ldstein and M. Friedman.
SONS OF BENJAMIN GIVE
SUCCESSFUL MASQUERADE
Mr. Gilbert had served successively . as
Justice of ; the. Supreme ¦ Court, Commis
sioner, Director of the School, Board, Ald
erman and Mayor.
Mr. Gilbert was Johnson's legal adviser
and trusted him unreservedly. The two
were much together, and their regard for
each other was a matter of common
knowledge among their associates. They
were engaged in many enterprises togeth
er, and both for nearly thirty years had
taken a leading part, commercially and
personally, in the development of the
town. How far Mr. Gilbert's business af
fairs were affected by Johnson's opera
tions and the collapse of the First Na
tional Bank only a full investigation of
that Institution's condition can disclose.
Mr. Gilbert, aside from his own" posses
sions, held many estates in trust, acted
as guardian in several instances and acted
as loan agent for considerable Eastern
capital. lie did much business through
Johnson's bank, and it is belleved-was a
large loser thro'Jgh the failure.
Mr. Gilbert had been missing since Frl-'
day morning, .when after breakfast he
started toward • town. Everything was
found- In perfect order in his -law office,
but unfinished business and the unlocked
safe Ehowed that he had been there on
Friday mornincj.
On Friday evening the Republican pri
maries of the Second Ward were to have
been held'. In -Mr. Gilbert's office, but he
failed to put In an appearance. His only
daughter. Julia, was of the opinion that
he had gone out of town: To-day search
by his friends disclosed the suicide. • '
NILES. Mich, March 24.— W...J.. Gilbert,
former Mayor of this town, reputed to be
wealthy and one of the best known and
most respected residents of Barrlen Coun
ty, was found dead to-day in a storehouse
in the rear of his residence, where he had
ended his life with a bullet. Grief over
tho misfortune of a bosom friend is be
lieved to have caused the suicide. Warm
personal relations existed between Mr. Gil
bert and Charles A.' Johnson, cashier of
the First National Bank, who fled a few
hours before Hip failure of that institu
tion and*who was brought back under ar
rest from Ohio a few days ago, charged
with wrecking the bank. •
Friend of an Alleged Bank
Wrecker Takes His
CASHIER'S CRIME
BREEDS TRAGEDY
.The police believe the work was done
by an organized gang, the members of
which acquaint themselves " with the
movements of residents of the Western
Addition and avail themselves of the op
portunity presented by the absence of
families from the city to loot their
houses. •
Last Wednesday night a report was
made to the police that the residence of
Mrs. Dean had been broken into. The
thieves pried open a window in the rear
and made a complete search of the base
ment. The family was visiting In tne
country at the time and most of the In
terior doors were locked. One of the ser
vants was awakened by a noise as an
attempt was being made to force the lock
on a door leading to the first floor, and
screamed. This caused tho burglars to
run away.
On the following night the residence of
Rev.- Koute, in the adjoining block, was
entered. As in the case of the previous
crime the owner of the house was absent
from the city. The burglars entered a
number of rooms and carried away val
uables to the extent of about $500. The
silverware "and Jewelry was sought, but
was not located.
The police are_ anxious to capture bur
glars who entered the residences of Mrs.
Walter Dean at 1815 Gough street and
the Rev. Dr. R. C. Foute at 1915 Gough
street last week. The crimes were com
mitted on successive nights and while
servants were asleep in the houses.
Homes of Mrs. Walter Dean
and Dr. Foute Are
Entered.
BURGLARS VISIT
THEIR HOUSES
Harry Brown, a window cleaner at 614
Howard street, was found about noon yes
terday by Policeman Taylor of the China
town squad Bitting on the steps of a house
at Dcpont ani- Washington streets ..with
blood pouring from his nose. He was
taken to the Receiving: Hospital, but upon
reaching: there he was dead and: the body
was taken to the Morgue. It. is supposed
that * he died from ¦; hemorrhcxe of the
lungs. ¦
Found Dying on the Street.
The St. Patrick's day convention met
in KnJghts of Red Branch Hall yesterday
afternoon and received reports -from the
sub-committees appointed to arrange the
details for the last celebration. The work
of the several committees was heartily
indorsed, for the afternoon and evening
programmes presented at Central Thea
ter and the Mechanics' Pavilion received
a hearty response from the public. Whilo
it is not known exactly what amount was
realized by the -entertainments, it is be
lieved that fully JttK) will be turned over to
library fund of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians.
A vote of thanks was extended to the
press. President O'Gara. the executive
committee, P. J. Kelleher and Frank S.
Drady for the services rendered by them
toward making the celebration a success.
After a long and acrimonious debate it
was decided to Increase by four the num
ber of trustees who now have under their
control the funds from the celebration of
1S96. The money raised by the St. Pat
rick's day celebration in that year,
amounting to about J1000, was voted to
the Irish society that should first be in
a position to erect a mil to be dedicated
to the Celtic" Association. .The, fund still
remains intact, as none of the societies
haa yet been able to fulfill the condi
tions that would cause the money to re
vert to it. The new members elected as
trustees of this trust fund are J. J. Dona
hue, Eustace Cullinan, Richard J. Klein
and John Heenan.
St. Patrick's Day Convention Well
Pleased With Success of "Re
cent Celebration.
ADDITIONAL TRUSTEES
TO LOOK AFTER FUNDS
George Austin Moore, character vocalist
the Malvern family of acrobats and nev
moving pictures. - > . /
:o-day Includes Professor Barnes* big
iog, pony and monkey -show; Al and
Mamie Anderson, colored comedy duo;
MARIE WAINWRIGHT. THE FAMOUS ACTRESS WHO HAS GONE UP
ON THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE AND IS NOW APPEARING AT
ORPHEUM. PHOTO BY PACH BROS.
Kirwan and a friend started out to see
the sights on the Barbary Coast Saturday
night, and along toward midnight Kirwan
observed that a young man. who looked
like a "dope fiend."- was following- them
from place to place. Shortly before 2
o'clock Kirwan and his friend left a sa
loon on Pacific street, near Sansome, and
the stranger who had been following them
stopped Kirwan and ordered him to throw
up his hands. Kirwan grappled with him
and managed to throw him on his back on
the street. The stranger then pulled a re
volver and fired a shot at Kirwan. The
bullet grazed the top of his scalp. Kir
wan was stunned for a moment and the
robber succeeded !n getting on his feet
and making his escape.
Policeman Skain heard the shot and
upon appearing on the scene saw Kirwan
In a semi-intoxicated condition. Kirwan
tried to explain to him that a man had
fired a shot at him, but Skaln apparently
did not believe him and locked him up on
a charge of drunkenness. Kirwan v was
released yesterday morning by Judge
Fritz and made a complaint at police
headquarters of the attempt to rob him.
He gave a description of the man, but
there is little chance of linding him. The
cavalryman ¦went to a physician on Kear
ny street and had the wound on his scalp
attended to. If the bullet had' struck a
half-inch lower Kirwan would not have
been able to tell how it all happened.
James" Kirwan, a private in Company G,
Fifteenth Cavalry, came near being the
victim of a footpad's pistol early yester
day morning. Instead he was arrested by
Policeman Skuin and booked at the City
Prison on a charge' of intoxication.
Thug Fires a Shot at James
Kirwan on Pacific Street,
Near Sansome. -
TRIES TO KILL
A CAVALRYMAN
LA TRAVIATA" will not be sung
at the Grand Opera-house to
night. Sembrich is still ill
at the Palace Hoteland unable to
appear. Her condition Is such
that she cannot fix a date for an appear
ance. Her inability to sine will prove a
great disappointment to music lovers.
Money that has been paid for seats will
be refunded at the box office, ,
• • •
The Columbia Theater will present this
week one of the most popular plays of
the day in J. M. Barrie's "The Little Min
ister." It is a Frohman production and
one of the most successful • plays that
this successful manager has produced.
The part of Babble, created and made
famous by Maude Adams, will be played
here by Miss Agnes Palmer, a young ac
tress who has already distinguished
herself in the role. The play will run
for two weeks. v :
• * •
"The Wedding Day" will continue to
be the bill at the Tivoli during the week,
and the Stange and Edwards' opera is
certainly one of the hits of the comic
opera season. "The Mermaid and the
Whale, or Lorelei Up-to-Date," "How I
Danced Away," "A Simple Norman
Maid" and other songs are nightly re
joicing the faithful, frequenters of the
Tivoli, and chorus and orchestra are do-
Ing unusually good work under the new
conductor's baton. >
• . ¦ • •
The California will be "dark" for this
and t..e two weeks following, and will
open on April 14 with Neil Burgess in the
••County Fair."
• • •
"Too Much Johnson," Gillette's spark
ling farce, will be the Alcazar's exceuent
programme for the week. "Too Much
Johnson" Is one of the most laughAble
• farces -ever written, and js sure to prove
a very popular attraction with Alcazar
patrons.
• • •
"The Angel of the Alley" to-night be
gins its second week at the Alhambra
Theater.
• • • * •¦
The first echo of the "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" furor, which has been the latest,
and an amazing fact in the dramatic an
nals of New York, is heard here In the
Central Theater circles. This house, with
a praiseworthy , enterprise, will put on
to-night the favorite old barn-stormer.
Curiously eniugh, the Brady production
at the Academy of Music, New York,
with Wilton Lackaye as uncle Tom. Is
the dramatic sensation of the hour in
Gotham. It is taken seriously by the best
critics, and the lavish settings and large
cast, including 200 colored persons, and
clever principals concerned in the pro
duction, have aroused an old-time en
thusiasm. Next week ¦ the tragedian,
Robert Downing, will appear at the Cen
tral Theater.
• *• •
Marie Walnwrlght, assisted by Edward
Eisner and a clever company, presenting
"Lady Dye's Escapade," a comedietta by
Justin Huntley McCarthy, is the chief
attraction this week at the Orpheum.
The beautiful Paplnta will remain on the
bill, also the cleverest cats on earth
—which are Techow's— and Bunth and
Rudd. New names are Burt Shepard,
Callahan and Mack, and Scott and Wil
son.
• • •
Chief among the new-comers at Fisch
er's Is William McDonald, the Californlan
basso-profundo, who was with the Bos
tonians for a season, and obliged to leave
them on account of Illness. This will be
his first appearance on the concert stage.
• • •
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
Jbmes Neil, si recent arrival from Mis
souri, while walking along Clay street
near Montgomery, late last night was
knocked down by two ex-soldiers, named
Robert Jones and O. II. Rodgers, and, ac
cording to his story, robbed of ?40 in gold.
Nell's screams attracted the attention
of Policeman O'Brien, -who placed the
men under arrest. :. ¦ . .
When searched at the City Prison the
amount stolen was found in the possession
of Rodgers. They were both charged with
robbery.
STOLEN MONEY FOUND
;;; : ; : IN THEIR POSSESSION
5
Are you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back ? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of
Bright's Disease and should correct
the trouble, at once with
— - ¦ \
AJn UMmiUrV.ra-T-fy
COLUMfEAKS
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
For the first time in this city. )
CHARLES KROHilAN' Presents • >;.- -'
success 1 1BL
CENTURY! 11 I ; f
By J. M. BARBIE,
Founded en his novel of the same name.
• Km a n o tSEBs n n - -
*TiyOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT JL
* "ITS CRCKVDIN.O THH HOr^E."
The Musical and Comedy Sensation,
"THE
WEDDING
DAY!"
Next Opera— The Greatest of AH Hits,
THE IDOL'S EYE, "HOOT, MON."
POPULAR PRICES ; 23c and S&J
Telephone — Bnsh X
NOTICE!
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
SEMBBIGH company.
Owing to MADAME SEJIBRICII'S continued
illness she will be unable to appear thl3 even-
ins, and the performance of
. "LA TRAVIATA"
WHI Therefore
NOT BE GIVEN,
Money -will be refunded at the Box Offlci
To-night, Wm. Gillette's Comedj,
"Too /"Much
Johnson."
SEATS - - - • -_-J5c. 25c, 33c, 59c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Next VVeik-TENNESSEE'S PARDNER.
BEiASCO *""> THALLS jfefiKE?
Phone South £23.
"Week Beglnnlngr TO-NIGHT~A11 Thts 'Week.
MATINEES SATCRDAT and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival of Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe's Immortal Story,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN"
j.-e Most GorBeous Production Ever Seen hx
This City.
A Powerful Cast: Plantation Songs and
Dances; Jubilee Singers; Bloodhounds, etc.
DDir TC Evenings UK 1 , l.io, "r»r. ij"«
f hlVL3 Matinees '. lor. 1.1c. 25o
Next "Week— America' a Trase«llan. ROBERT
DOWNING, in "THE GLADIATOR." -
DAfCC TANFORAN
KAtCJ_ park.
THt SAH FRAH31SC3 JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March 25th to 30th.
SIX HIOH-CLAS3 RACES EACH DAT.
TUESDAY— HURDLE RACE.
TTTCRSDAT— HIGH-WEIGHT HANDICAP.
SATURDAY-THE SPRING HANDICAP. I30CO
First Rac« Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets— 7,
10:40. ll:S0 a. m.: 12:40. 1, 1:30. S p. m.
Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE) tl S.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretarr.
, E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary.
Kidney Cripples
TELEPHONE STT^SiJ
UCBE&CO.
222-224 SUITER ST.
. SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
Large bayers will do well to writs
for estimates. ' ""
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Egzs, finest table- dozea'I4c
Every one tuaranteed. .' • •
Batter, eaassJc?- sqaare 33e
Claret. gallon 35c
¦Will tell at this old -roeclal" pri«
whlla our stock l&sta. All wlnea have
adranccd.
Cocoa, "Soctanl," "Swiss/'
Ms la
j Reiraarly ....._»... SOo . 90o
Now 40o • 8Oc
Absolutely pure. Known aa the high-
est grade of Cocoa all the world over. '
Buffalo Llthla Water. 8? tat 50c
Regularly to.OO dozen. doz *."".. 5O
Famous for gout, rheumatism, stone In
the bladder. Bright' a and kidney dis-
ease. .
Almond Grinder. "Ida." only 65c t
Regularly $1.23. Tor all kinds of Nuts.
Vegetables, Bread, etc
Cognac, H jR'r ly bottle SI.35
3 Star, bottled la France: Trococtie.
BonnlQt & Co.
Asparaps, g^SS"- can 20c
Known to be the best.
Asparagus Tips, SSgJSS?* can !5c
Pickles, ££S^ M ffi& qt 10c
Society Tea, ffflg? 15 70c
A hl?h-ffrade blend of Oolongr charac-
ter. Sampl.« package 10a
Rock and Rye. E ,fSf * bat 85c
For cold and cough; pleasant drink.
Family Scale, Re ,?& ly eacb$l.25
Weighs us to 21 pounds.
Smoke LEBENBAUM'S fine
CIGARS — larger and cheaper than
elsewhere.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
A BILL BUILT OF THE BEST.
MABIE WAINWRIGHT Assisted by
I ITDWARI> ELSNEK, AND CO., BTJRT
SHEPARD, CALLAHAK AND
MACK, SCOTT AND WILSON.
SMITH AND CAMPBELL, TEC-
HOWS CATS, BIOORAPH, Lost
Week of BTJNTH AND RUDD CO.,
and PAPINTA.
THE BIOGRAF»H
THIS WEEK SHOWS
QUEEN VICTORIA'S FUNERAL.
Reserved Seats. ' 23c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c. -
Matinees Wednesday, .Saturday and Sunday.
• PHONE SOUTH HO
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAT.
LAST WEEK
Of the Mammoth and Master Melodramatic
Production of the World!
mTTTTI THE BIG NEW YORK
.•JL XjLJZj sensation.
— PRICES
13c 25e — : — 35c 6Oc
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
PROF. BARNES'-
BIGDOQ andJONY SHOW
AL AND MAMIE ANDERSON. OEO. AU3TIN
MOORE. THE MALVERN FAMILY. NEW
MOVING PICTURES. |gggg|
LEAH MAYrthe Giantess.
AMATEUR NIQHT, TDDRSDAY.
Teleohene for Seats. Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOVynriH O Admission 10c.
' Wn. McDonald. Aku Aabador, Merlelta. the
Fiechtls. Olive Vail. - Lillian Jeanette. A. B.
Bentley and Hlnrlchs* Orchestra. Reserved
Seats.- 2Se.-. Matinee Sunday.
You will do well to read the free offer
at the bottom of this 3d. regardinp; some
literature which tells more fully what
White Cottolene is and how to use it. r •
B The N.K.Fairbank Company,
; Chicago-Solo MAnufacturers. .
1 FPFF! Our dainty bookl4t.
", rilCCi -VA Public Secret."
' ' mailed free- to any . address.
f^ For 1 two 2c ' stamps \ we ; will
.'¦••,' eend free our, 125-page 'recipe
book, "Home Helps," edited
p,g._NoHog Fat in COTTOLENB
It is a product made from re-
fined vegetable oil, and makes a
crust that is . as . healthful and nu-
tritious as itis appetizing arid de-
licious.
made its appearance all of them
joined in a mighty chorus of
praise, because of its splendid
shortening properties and entire
absence of taste or odor.
VV 1 1 1 I trf
. * • jbl Jss. %mr 1 1 -
Cottolene
Mrs. Rorer
and all the rest of the good cooks
know, that a shortening, agent
must be unobtrusive when pies
or .biscuits are to be made, but
clever as they are, they couldn't
hide the "lardy" taste, in those
good things to eat as long as hog
fat was the only shortening — and
so when :
BKSTON— In this ' city. March 24, 1901, Mary
Beston, .. beloved , mother - of ' Nellie .Beston. - a
, native of Kneland, aged S8 years ; 2 1 months
and 24 days. , *i£B?i&*iSsSK&':sr-^* :? E.i
DIED.
vis;* OR- JORDAN'S meat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£ft ionviTinT8r.tst.fct*7aL.s.r.od.
rfr TkiLmntAMttnialMiisaiaiaUw
WcMd. WckkactM* or *ny contracted
flE Jj <!ur»«* pr-UU«rly •»!>©* hjr the olaeM
LWfl OS- JCTDWi-PRIV ATE DISEASES
¦TAX^> B Coaraltattoo frr« «nd strictly prirxte.
I iSfar S TrI • :mr! '' p*r*oo»>ljr m by l«ter. A (
I IrBfl AUJtH CWtianrrycMciBiderukea. •
I litf> Writ* for book. rBII,O*urtJlV«f
¦ ]\H U&BCIACE, M AILED tRX*. (A 1
{ IL ' »'«lu«ble txjclL lor men)
Oil JOBDAS A *:•.. JOOl Market St-.H. F. '
§>1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON" BISHOP'S FILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of tb«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
•worst cases In old and young
ari&inf from effects of «e!f-
abuw. dissipation, excesses or
rirarette-srooking. Oira LoM
Marh<-.od. I mpotencr. Ix>et
Power. JCIcrit l«os»eii. Inacm-
rl*. Pains In Back. Evil Denlres. Lerae Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry. Lom cf Sfimen. mm *** Vericocele or Con-
stipation.- Stops N«*^> f J rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. 'E.HtcVZTL.^^— are Immediate.
Impart vieor and c * CIWTO rwtency to every
function. J>on't e«t despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore «m»Jl. u&geveloDed. r.rjfans.
EtlmuUta the brain and nerve centen: Me a
box: « for $2 to by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refund"*! with « boxen. Or-
culsrs free. Xldrets BISHOP RKMEDT CO..
40 Kills »t., San Francisco. Cal. QUANT
DHUG CO.. 58 and <0 Third ft.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
DAI A O C -These hotels pos-
I A LA lib sess the attribut5S
. that tourists and
Qfln travelers appreciate
OIlU —central location,
p n fi BJ II liberal manage-
UllAtlU merit, modern ap-
IjrtTri (I point ments and
HUlhLb, . j^.vj?£i
SSI) FrailClSCQ. ropean plans.
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders oi
those vital organs quicker than any other
remedy.
A ioo-Page Book of Stories and fO *?*w
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free "^jK^zJ
with every 35-cent package. !cMi£>!jKb£
ALL DRUGGISTS. '^tM«^
IWGOLfvfkh
The hops used in Schlitz Oj
beer arc the best hops grown ppa
in the world; most of them fggA
arc imported from the re- o&A
nowned Saaz district in Bo- RUl
hemia. They are personally Lm
selected at the hop-picking KJiS
season by one of the owners fjgjiM
of our business. E*«
Then we keep them in re- yj>J
frigerating rooms until they KJ5|
are used. We preserve their g£|J
aroma, so that they come to K"B
our vats with all the freshness R^rj
and virtue that they had on K&js
That's one reason why 1?^
Schlitz beer is so palatable. R|/n
Every ingredient used in it lgg||
is the best that money can g£>j|
But without purity that pj/j
expense would be folly. No Mggg
beer can be good unless it jf^qj*
is pure. To insure absolute |§5i
purity we largely increase §f|1g
the necessary cost of our O£j
Vour physician knows f£$<q
Schlitz, the beer that made ejjl
Milwaukee famous. [Tj
'Phone M ain «47. Sherwood & Sher- C *_J
*ood. 102 Market St., San Francisco [£&$
PRiMEYERS&CO,
Specialists, Dis- <2l§§r
ease and "Weakness iBjw jgs
of men. Estab- • ?S§»
: llshed : 1S8L"' Consul- . ya» {<S>* y^y
tation^ and : private V[aK»..l*-»/l\
book free, at office JrJwfsi *
or by mail. . Cures \wkM^^S
guaranteed. 7, # J1 NSfflS«^
Market street (ele- J>/t(iI!s£«CB '
v a t o r entrance), fflNgHwgW
San Francisco. .rfe^tssrifcrSSsSSa&i
HNTft.
AIjij kkTTHKM KM'ISt,SOME OF THE SPECTATORS AND ATTENDANTS WHO WERE MOST IN EVIDENCE AT UNION COURSING
PARK YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AS SEEN BY THE EAGLE AND DISCRIMINATING EYE OF ONE OF
THE CALL'S CARTOONISTS. . .
Even then the talent figured 3 to 1
apainst Warship, but it was hia day and
when his colors were waved the score
was 6 to 4.
Flora McDonald showed some of her
old-time dash and In the hands of Tommy
Tierney is a candidate for honors in any
class. ,»
Luxor ran a good : dog. but weakened
in the semi-final, being beaten pointless
by the runner up. Santonin made a great
showing as did : John Doe, who. was
speedy to say the least. Homer Boy, too,
performed In fine shape and at one time
it., looked that he would capture the
stake. .
Outsldo i of the bad feeling Warship
created in the camp of the players of
form, It was a big day for the favorites.
The short ends were: Black. Flush beat
Mose at 5 to 1, King Cashier beat Vulcan,
Santonin beat Lady , Clare at 3 to 1. St.
Ives beat Twin City Girl, Narcissus beat
. Harlean Gladys at 2 to 1, Homer- Boy
beat Spiteful at 5 to 2, John Doe beat
Sir Pasha, Lottie M beat Tapioca and
Santonin beat For Glory at 5 to 3.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's . official , scores, follows: |
George Sharman's Black Flush beat Tosemlte
Kennels' Mose, 8-1; George Sharman'e St. Ives
beat S. Handy'e Twin City Olrl, 4-2; J.- J.
Kenny's Hot Haste beat H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot, 2-0; Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox beat
R. EX de B. Lopez's Jewess. -4-3; F.' Jones'.
Harlean Gladys beat Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face, .6-1; Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat H.
Lynch's Game --Cock, 6-0; A. Vanderwhlte's
Flora McDonald beat Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead, 2-0; Erskine & Jones' Lavender
beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas. 6-4; M. Dunlea's
Krin beat Gold Dust Kennela' St. Michael, 5-4;
P. J. Reilly's Warship beat E. ¦ McAndrews'
Gov. Mac, '7-2; J. Smith's Master Workman
Francisco Bay. Published : by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
'the height of tide is the same at both places.
TO SAIL.
The ex-transport St. ; ¦'¦ Bede ;'J arrived
from Manila via Kuchinotzu/ Japan, yes
terday. She has l been ; released '- by the
Government and brought a cargo of more
than 6000 bales of hemp, from the Philip
pines. - ;.V, . • "
The. collier. Empire, -which arrived yes
terday, reports speaking the : sealing
schooner San Diego off Trinidad with • 270
skins. ttSBBSKSK^J ¦" " ' '
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer. J. D. ¦;¦• Peters
had a hard time of it, early Saturday
morning. Twice she struck- on the. mud
banks and the * second . time she hit : ; so
hard that she stayed : there and ., all r the
power in the engines aided by a kedge
anchor could not get her off. The Peters
left here on Friday evening for Stockton
with more, than a • hundred, passengers
aboard. ' Nearing Bouldln Island she went
on a bank that had been formed' by > a
sudden change ,ln the current, but -was
got off after some * maneuvering: .Next
tfme ' she . struck was . on Bouldln * Island
and thereshe stayed. A couple, of ; hours
later the Leader, came • along, and ' taking
all the' passengers-^ aboard' landed ' them
in Stockton. The Peters Is lying In an
easy position rfnd as a couple of the com
pany's boats, were sent to her assistance
yesterday ; the chances are she has been
towed off by this: time. , -
Former Transport St. Bede Arrives.
Biver Steamer J. D. Peters Ashore.
high water another attempt was made
and the Luella came off. The steamer
belongs to Beadle Bros, and - the : railroad
ties to the Caspar ¦ . Lumber ¦ Company.
Little River is about two miles south of
Mendocino. . , .
The Luella took aboard a cargo of ties
at Little River and Saturday mornine
made a start for San Francisco. While
trying to pas» out . the wind and tide
caught her and in a few minutes she was
hard and fast on the rocks. The steamer
Eamoa went to : her assistance,' but could
not move her at that stage of. the tide
Early yesterday morning at the top of
The steam schooner Luella, which went
ashore on the rocks in' Little River' last
Saturday at noon, has been towed off and
will come "to San Francisco under ner
own steam. The hull Is 'badly.; chafed
and part of the shoe and some of the
keel are gone, so the vessel will have
to dock for repairs.
Steam Schooner Lutlla Floated.
came by his name in this way: A trad
ing schooner touched at Pago Pago and
among her crew was this cannibal. He
made his escape and took refuge in the
woods. The schooner sailed without him
and a week or so later the Pago Pagoans
began to miss some of their number. A
searching party was organized and sev
eial camps were discovered In which
were the bones and portions of the re
mains of the missing natives. At one
point a dismembered body was found, a
portion of which was cooking over a
wood fire. -The Solomon Islander was
seen, but made his escape. A war party
was formed, but Commander Tilley heard
of it and sent out a party of marines to
capture the cannibal alive. This they
succeeded in doing on Saturday, -August
4: and when ' they brought him aboard
the cruiser that was the name under
vnlch.he was entered in the ship's log.
Saturday would create a sensation In San
Francisco and would make the fortune of
a dime museum proprietor."
COMMANDER TILLET naval Gov- '
ernor of Tutulla,* has a Solomon
Islander aboard the auxiliary
cruiser Abarenda that he is anx
ious to get rid of. He cannot be
put ashore, as the Pago Pagoans would
kill him and he cannot be deported, as
there Is practically no trade between
Samoa and the Solomon group. The man
Is a confessed cannibal and In conse
quence the Germans will not allow him to
land In. their possessions, while the
Fijians do not want him at any price.
When the Samoa was In Pago Pago har
bor a few weeks ago Captain Tllley
Wanted to sh;j» his man home via San
Krancisco. but the crew and passengers
objected to Mr. Cannibal and he Is still
aboard the Abarenda.
"It looks to me as though the native,
would have to come to California on the
Abarenda. when that vessel comes home
lor an overhauling," said Purser Ilodson
of the Sonoma yesterday. . "He Is a well
built man. but clothed in the sailors'
du.-is provided for him by the crew of the
man of war he cuts a- peculiar figure.
His nose Is tilt, a big rent has been torn
in the lobe of his right ear and In that
he carries, his cutty pipe, while his whole
face Ik covered with tattooting. He does
odd jobs around the cruiser and seems
it quiet, peaceable fellow. When asked if
he likes human flesh, however, a most
horrible grin distorts his face end he
fchows a set of the whitest and most per
fect teeth I ever saw In a man's head
"The Solomon Islander Is known aboard
the Abarenda as Saturday August
Fourth. As near as I could gather he
CANNIBAL HELD PRISONER ON UNITED STATES CRUISER ABARENDA
.Wood pulp paper as military clothinr <•
used by \he Japanese troops. ' "
BARRY, March 24.— The British steamer
Brayhead, Captain Arthur, from Dublin
for New Orleans," which * returned to
Queenstown partly disabled on ' the 22d,
has arrived here for repairs.
Puts in for Repairs,
Small . crowds passed a quiet but chilly,
day at the park and beach yesterday. Na
accidents or incidents worthy of special
mention occurred. At the Chutes, whero
shelter is afforded, no dlminutloin in tho
regular Sunday crowd Was apparent. THe
trained animal show is the feature at the
Chutes this week. Visitors at Sutro
Baths yesterday were entertained by th«
usual aquatic contests, the results cf
which follow:
Fifty-yard race — H. Heinz, first; J. O'Brien,
second. Swimming under water— F. Hlnz,
first; P. MIU«r. second. Tub race-J. "Wilbert,
first; O. Sundbergf, second: T. Olsen. third.
One-hundred-yard amateur t race— W. * Dawsett.
first: J. Wilson, second. _. Springboard diving —
W. Carroll, first; J. Bemy. second. High div
ing for boys— W. Stockton, first; B. Miller,
second. ...
Sunday, at Park and Beach.
Billy Roche, manager of. George Mc-
Fadden, wants to get on a match with
Frank Erne, who, he claims, is seeking
to avoid one. The Twentieth Century
Club has agreed to ¦ arange a date, and
Roche has $500 which he is willing to de
posit as a forfeit to Insure a match. He
is willing that the winner shall take the
whole purse and the light-weight cham
pionship. J3rne Is reported as intending
to shortly, start 'for the East. McFadden
is at present located in Alameda. ..-
McFadden After Erne.
* . Marksmanship Trophy.
SAN RAFAEL. March 24.— In a ton-man
match over the 200, > 300 and 500 yard ranges
Company D of the Fifth. Infantry defeat
ed Company G of the First by two points
and carried off the silver trophy to-day.
The scores were as- follows:
: Company ;D-Sergeant Moulton 63. Ser
peant Butterworth 56. Corporal Fletcher
B 5' ?• ' B - Shaver , 51, Scrpeant Vanuerbilt
a3, CorporaPIverson 49. Sergeant Smith 52.
George- Williams 49, Sergeant Archer 42
John . Dav.-son G2.' Total 541.
Company G-Prtvate Norton 55. Sergeant
Thompson 53, Frivate Coffey 57. Sergeant
Povey 51, Lieutenant Newman , 52. Lieu
tenant . Gatton 49, Private Thompson 54
Sergeant HatfieJd 49, Private. Mitchell 56*
Corporal 1 Stewart 58. Total 539. . •
San Rafael Guardsmen Carry Off the
COMPANY D VICTORIOUS.
STRACUSK. X. Y.. March 24.—Theo
dore II. Coleman announces the list of
nomination to the stakes of tha grani
circuit races to be held in connection with
the State Fair In thl3 city early in Sep^
tember. The list shows that the best
horses have been entered at Syracuse,
including all the star trotters and pacers
in the country. There Is not a prominent
stable In the United States that is not
represented In one or more of the stakes.
In the Woodruff $5000 purse for 2:24 trot
ters, thirty-five nominators have named
fifty-four horses. The Empire stake. $3000
for 2:23 pacers, has forty-two nominators
naming sixty horses." The New Yorlc
Central, $2000 for 2:12 trotters, shows nine
teen nominators who have named twenty
three horses. The Lackawanna, J200O
purse for 2:10 pacers, has sixteen nomina
tors naming nineteen horses. The total
shows eighty-seven stables from twenty
one States which have entered 155 horses.
September Meeting.
Harness Stars "Will Compete in the
SYTtACTJSE EACE ENTEXES.
fiACRAMENTO, March 24.— Gallant won
the open coursing stake to-day, with
Moonbrigtt second aad Wolsey third. J.
R. Smith's two dogv. Jennie Wilson and
Sylvanus. captured the consolation stake.
In the open stake Sacramento Boy was
beaten by Jennie Wilson in the first series.
Gallant the Lucky Dog:.
Third round— Prince of Fashion beat Scotch
Reel; Nonpareil beat Terronite; Tap Out beat
B&eplpe; Glen Roy a bye.
Fourth round — Prince of Fashion baat Nonpa
rell; Tac Out beat Glen Roy. • _
Final— Tap Out beat Prince of Fa#!on.
Second round — Prince of Fashion beat St.
Oran; Barplpa bea.t Dolando; Scotch Reel
bf>&£ Blue Mist; Nonpareil beat Lord Dunmore;
Tap Out beat fiprinctlme; Terronite beat
Prine* Hal; Glen Roy beat Alesandro.
First round— Prince of Fashion beat Margie
Gold; St. Oraa beat Joker; Dolando beat Fopsy
D*.y; Bagpipe beat Prince of Wales; Blue Mi*t
bea-t Tip of Fashion: Scotch Reel beat Cash
Day; Nonpareil beat Meadow Maid: Lord Dun
more beat Lucy O; Tap Oat beat Ethel twit;
Springtime beat Hard to Keep; Terronite beat
Fireball; Prince Hal beat Arno; Alesandro
beat Fortive; Glen Roy beat Argyle.
STOCKTOIC. March 24.— Results at the
eourslzig; meet to-day:
of Fashion.
Tap Out "Wins the Stake From Prince
OOTJBSrN"G AT STOCKTON".
son, 6-3, 5— 7. G-0, 6-3. Other matches
played resulted as follows: Du Val Moore
beat Orville Pratt, 7— 5, 6— 4, 6—3: Kuehn
beat De Lano, 7— 5, 8— 6, &— 7: Salisbury
beat Pratt. 6-4, 3— 6, 7— 5; F. Hooper beat
Pete Smith, 6-4; L. WoocV beat Trobock,
lC^-«, 7-5, 8-10; fc. Erskine beat Harry
Young, ..4-43, 6-2, 8-6, and Young beat
Kuehn, &— 4, 4— €, &— 7.
In' doubles Salisbury and ¦Williams beat
Esmond and Scott, 6—3. 6—4, 5— 7: C. Smith
and C. Beal beat P. Smith ana Hooper,
10-8, 6-8, 6-3, and Esmond and Scott beat
Mendenhall and Salisbury, 6—2, 6—3.
m On Wednesday afternoon the California
Tennis "^lub will hold an open singles
tournament for ladles. The tennis gives
promise of being very high class, as all
the crack lady players from both sides of
the bay will take part.
POLO EXDS IN A TIE
AT DEL MONTE OB.OTJNDS
Burlingame and Eastern Cracks Meet
but the Contest Does Not Savor
of Excitement.
DEL. MONTE, March 24.— A polo match
was played here this afternoon between
the Burlingamc team— W. S. Hobart,
Frank Carolan. H. R. Slmpklns and
Charles Dole — and a team of three East
erners—F. Menzies, Charles Wheeler and
Lawrence McCrery. F. Fay Mackay of
the Eastern team was absent. The contest
•was a tame affair, notwithstanding the
skill of the players. The same was played
in four ten-minute periods and was slow
for the first half. During the second half
the contestants seemed to brace up and
some good work was exhibited. The fin
ish showed a tie, the score standing 3 all.
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following matches were played yes
terday.
Ed White and J. Glynn 21 18 21 21
W. Johnson and J. McGlnty 13 21 16 12
M Dilion and A. Pennoyer 21 21 20 21 21
G. Hutehinson and P. Kelly 19 11 21 17 15
E." Barry "and J. KIrby 21 8 21 13 21
D. Regan and P. Falo 10 21 17 21 IS
W. Williams and M. Basch 21 18 21 11 21
M» Joyce and D. Connelly..;... 20 21 13 21 14
M. McNeil and P. McKinnon 21 21 21
G. McDonald and M. McLeod 13 17 15
Leopold Levy and H. H. Llssner 21 17 21
W. I£. Sleberct and J. J. Kavanaush.. 14 21 13
"W. Walsh and G. Majrulre 21 14 21
T. Leach and J. Smith 10 21 19
W. BL Kedlan and T. Foley 21 17 21 18 21
J. J. Kavanauch and W. H.
Eleberst 13 21 12 21 16
M. Joyce and D. Connelly 21 21 21
E. Maloney and M. Walsh 17 14 19
M. J. Kilrallon and J. White.. 21 21 17 19 21
J. C. N'ealon and W. Magulre.. 18 20 21 21 19
The handball- finals (or the cold medals of
fered by the Occidental Athletic Club, 120 Grove
street, came to a conclusion yesterday and re
eulted as {0110178:
Fiiet class— J. Condon defeated A. Collins,
El-44. .-. vv • .
Second class— H. Cory defeated G. Janes, Cl
28. G. % elly forfeited to W. WlnthrOD.
Owing to the sickness of H. J. Rostra, the
third class match was postponed until ! next
Wednesday evening.
• BRUSSELS, March 24.— The . races at
Goenendael to-day were suspended ¦ on ac
count of a riot among the spectators. In
the first race three horses were left at the
post. The Judges permitted the result to
stand. Enraged at this decision, the spec
tators Invaded the track, broke the rails
set fire to the paddocks and only desisted
from the work of- demolition when the
judges promised to return all bets on
horses left at the post."
Enraged at Judge's Decision They.
Cease Destruction Only When
" Bets Are Declared Off.
DISPLEASED SPECTATORS
DEMOLISH A BACKTRACK
Fifth round— Warship . beat Flying Fox. 2-0;
Santonin beat Narcissus, 4-0; Sisquoc beat
Homer Boy, 7-1; Luxor, a bye.
Sixth round— Warship beat Santonin, 4-2;
Sisquoc beat Luxor. 5-0. '
Deciding course— Warship beat Sisquoc, «-4.
Fourth round— Flying Fox beat Hot Haste,
3-1; Narcissus beat Flora McDonald. 7-0; War
ship beat Master Workman, 4-2; Santonin beat
Lady Claire. 4-0; Sisquoc beat Rural Artist.
3-2; Homer Boy beat John Doe, 3-0; Luxor
beat Motto, 4-0.
beat Tosemlte Kennels' Freedom's Banner, 8-1;
J. E. Hosklns' King Cashier beat Curtis &
Sons' Vulcan, 10-S; Sterl & Knowies' For Glory
beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 6-0; Chlarlnl Bros.*
Santonin beat W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop, 5-0;
D. J. Healy's Lady Clare beat Curtis & Sons'
Shadow, 3-1; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat
Sterl & - Knowles* Ripple. 3-0; D. J. Healey's
Eisquoc beat BV Jones" "XVedgewood. 5-0; Cur
tis & Sons' War Eagle beat I>. J. Healey's
Tiburon. 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
Aeneld Kennels' Aethra, 11-2; Aeneid Kennels'
Achilles beat Russell & Allen's Strayaway,
5-0; George Shaman's Chicago Boy beat Cur
tis & Sons' McKinley, . 4-0; - O. Zahl'8 Homer
Boy beat Russell & Allen's Spiteful, 3-2; J. F.
McCarthy's John Doe beat F. A. McComb's
Sir Pasha, 4-0; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat
J. Cane's Master Davenport, 3-0; Curtis &
Sons' Luxor beat Star Kennels' Master Law
rence. 6-2;. H. Lynch's Lottie 11 beat D. J.
Healy's Tapioca, 3-0; F. ~A. McComb's ' Motto
beat George Sharman's Bowery Boy, »4-L
Third round— Hot. Haste' beat Black Flush.
3-0; Flying ; Fox' beat St. Ivep. 3-0; Narcissus
beat Harlean Gladys. 4-0;- Flora McDonald 1
beat Lavender, .3-0; . Warship' beat Erin, 4-2;
Master Workman beat King Cashier, 3-2; San
tonin beat For Glory. 6-0; Lady Clare beat Sir
Lawrence. 3-0; Sisquoc " beat War Eagle. 3-2;
Rural Artist beat Achilles, g-2: Homer Boy beat
Chicago Boy. 4-0; John Doe beat Golden Rus
set, 4-2; Luxor beat Lottie -M, 3-0; Motto, a
bye. •
College Men Training for the Inter
collegiate Contests on the
Asphalt.
. The University of California slngle.s try
out was commenced last Friday after
noon. The tournament is a round-robin
affair, in which each player meets every
other player, and the two -men with | the
highest averages get the coveted places.
Two matches were played on Friday, in
which Paul Selby defeated both Drum
morid. McGavm and Baker. The match
between Selby and McGavIn was extreme^
ly close and required the full- five sets to
settle the question of supremacy. The fact
that the loser won one more game, than
his opponent shows how evenly the con
testants were matched. Selby disposed of
Baker in rather easy fashion. : •
Six men are entered in the tournament
—Paul Selby, Drummond McGavin, Reu
ben Hunt, Fred -Brown, Diebert and
Baker being the contestants. * The round
robin will be finished this week. . <
The singles tryout at Stanford resulted
in an easy victory for Harry Welhe.'who
is by long odds the best man in college.
Weihe and Roth will play the singles for
Stanford and Weihe and Adams the dou
bles. .
•Several good matches were played on the
local courts yesterday.' The best game of
the day ¦was played between Merle John
son and "Grant Smith, In which the latter
came out victorious, the score being 4— 6,
6—1, 6— L Johnson beat Norman Hodgkin-
TENNIS MATCHES ON
MANY BAY COURTS
P. J. REILLY'S "Warship won first
prize in the lOS-dog open stake
yesterday at Union Park, beat-
O ing. £>• J. Healey's Sisquoc in
the deciding course of. the
event. Warship is well known as a dan
gerous factor in the fastest kind of com
pany, that Is, when he is in "just the
trim." Not quite up to his standard of
condition Warship Is also noted for burn
ing up good money by his listless. work at
critical times. But • yesterday the grreat
hound was on. edge. /
It has been some time since Warship
has had his name spoken | in whispers
as the predicted winner of a stake and
at no time of late has his name been
wiped off the board because of a too , heavy
play on him. in the long-odds book.; The
excellent showing made on Saturday by
the hound' was .overlooked a3 a conse
quence and even to the last his price -was
the short figure.
Governor Mac, the youngster who won
on the 10 to 1 short end in the run down,
was Warship's first opponent and an easy
victim. Then the fast Erin, quoted a 2 to
1 favorite, was disposed of by a score of
4 to 2, and Master Workman met the
same late in the next round by the same
score. Flying Fox sold 2 to 1 over Reil
ly's dog, but failed to get a point, and
Santonin at the same price was put away
in the semi-final.
This left Sisquoc, who has figured per
sistently of late as Warship's only oppo
nent. The Petaluma courser was made a
5 to 1 favorite, though the dogs had an
equal amount of work to- the second." Jhe
score was 2 to 2 when- the kill was made
and the dogs were sent,back to the slips.
Reilly's Clever Hound Does Some Great Coursing,
Winning Four Times on the Short End.
First race— Hagrerdon. Merops, Catastrophe.
Second race — Xo eelecticns
Third race— Ktnilworth. Toah, Rolllnr Boer.
Fourth race — Topmast. Opponent. .MacGyle.
Fifth rac»— Yellow-tall, Specific Roaonnoode.
Elxtb race— Gauntlet, Vain. Greatland.
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
2011 Expedient 1C! 210J Sir Kingston... 105
21S7 G«unUet 10? 2167 Vain 102
(TlSl)Splke 102 2174 Greatland 109
2187 L«omond 108 2161 Br. Anderson. .100
«20»5)Jingle Jingle. ..101 1175 Mitten 100
COTSJWalkenshaw ..10$ 2131 Vassal 106
Tifth race— Ctae mile; three-year-olds , and
upward ; purse,
nsi Compass SI SITS Ftosormonde ...109
<;ft?7)The -Buffoon 107 2180 Nllgar Ill
217S Y-?llowt&il 110 2163 Specific 110
1363 Hungarian ....111 1145 Flcrabird 110
1347 Position 1<~ 1S46 Mamie Hlldr'th 91
21S6 St. Rica ...."... S3i /•
Fourth race— One raile and an eighth; four
yrar-clds and. upward; selling.
"<iiee)Tor>m£.st 107| tl33 Opponent ...%.. 97
riKO Lizzena. SM 21C6 Kl Mido 105
2171 rudtrald It* 2175 McXamara 93
C2!S0)MEcGyl<? 103 j 1S19 Campus 100
r.Ce Josephine B.... S3|
TTsirii raw — Six and a haZf furlongs; three
vrr.r-oU!?; purse.
Il'fi Yodel 97 ?137 Rolling Boer. ..114
OTOHeau Ormonde. 114 ClTS)Kenllworth 117
CirDTcah SS 17S3 Edna. Brown .. 87
Second race— Fcur furlongs; two-year-olds,
purse
,... Phil CrimraiiiE.113 Divlna 110
„ .. Ovprv Bov .113 Highwayman .-113
Murese*. 110 Milas 113
.... Tib» 110 Halnault HO
.... Peter Sterling. .112 .... Arian x 110
Taku 110
First race— Seven furlongs; four- year-olds and
up»-ani: spiling.
TO Ooldone 110 f m~ Alleviate 10S
'.IT: «>ta«rophe ...lW|(21ES)Brenhilda 1CS
<" i :r,)Hacerdon 107 [T150 Bogus Bill 107
2fl?€ Imperious 110 U 2173 Silver Garter. ..110
riC7 Ttacetto 1<T7I "ISO Artllla 103
;167 Meroi>E l'JS' 217Z The Benedict... 107
To-Day's Entries.
Both Kenllworth and Yellowtail. the
two crack eprinters. matched to meet on
Friday next at six furlongs for J1000 a
eide, are starters at Tanforan Park to
day. Kenli worth will have a try at some
fast ones over six and a half furlong's,
while Captain Hackett's bis chestnut
horse meets v fair field, about the best
Vtcins Specific, at a mile. Karry Stover,
the owner, or at least trainer of Kenil
lcorth, is well known in this State, for.
In the years past he was well known here,
not only in connection with the turf, but
In the role of a foot-racer. About six
>cars ago Stover, with a man by the
name of George Strobel, dropped Into the
old Bay District track, wanderers from
Colonel Pate's ill-timed Mexican venture.
Among their horses was a sprinter called
Guard and one bright afternoon he
etepped off five furlongs in 1:00 flat. There
were some queer yarns told about the
"tack" the rider of Guard carried on this
particular occasion, but it matters not
now. The horse ran like "something from
the o-l-d world," and a compound frac
ture was placed in the betting ring.
Stover, it is claimed, has never lost a
match race, and Kenilworth, on his train
er's reputation alone, will undoubtedly
go to the post favorite over Yellowtail.
Denver will give a great trotting and
running m<*eting this year, beginning
June 15 to 23. Liberal purses are offered,
for which no entrance fee is charged ex
cept to money winners.
The meeting this year is under entirely
new management, and the betting ring
will be open to all. A splendid new grand
stand will be erected to replace the one
recently bumed. and both the trotting
and running tracks will be placed in the
finest condition. Kdwin Gaylord. known
the country over for his sterling worth,
honesty and integrity, is vice president
er.d treasurer of the newly organized
Overland Racing: Association, with affable
*"Bi!l>-' Shuckman as secretary. "Dick"
Havpy. California's favorite flag wielder.
ha? been engaged to do the starting. Tho
Colorado Derby at one mile and a fur
long, with liberal allowances, and $5<30
added Is the feature of the meeting.
Racegoers "Will Have an Opportunity
to Get a Line on the Two
Crack Sprinters This
Afternoon.
Keniiworth and Yellowtail
Are Both Starters at
Tanforan. >. [ •
SMART ONES WILL
GO TO THE POST
Members of San Francisco Gun Club
Hake Excellent Scores.
The members of the San Francisco Gun
Club betook themselves yesterday after
noon to the traps. The occasion was the
club's opening live-bird shoot of the sea
son. The scores, notwithstanding the fact
the men were out. of practice, were fullv
up to the standard. H. McMurchy, J. H. J.'
Jackson and J. Karney carried oft the
honors of the day by making 15— the high
est possible score. The following are the
results of the day'B shoot:
J. J. Sweeney .. 20322122120102 1— IS
J. H. J. Jackson.. 22112111121X22 2—15
J. Karney... 2212221121132 2 1—15
E. Turpter.. 21100210212*22 1— 11
W. J. Golcher 122110112 2 210* 1—12
E. Kleveaahl 12122121111122 0-14
H. Justlns 22022220*22122 2—12
J. B. Coleman 0122*1*2011212 2—11
L. Simpson... 2011112211 — 9
H. McMurchy. 23111212111221 2—15
W*. E. Murdock... 0111*111112111 1— 13
Wilson 2122021230*221 2—12
E. A. Wands 11021111022211 2—13
J. Burns 01*21*11221202 ]— 11
C. H. Shaw 12022020*22220 2—13
F. Feudner I 121200 2 2 22 2-22 2 2—13
C. A. Haight 222*10 2 22*2222 2—12
Hall 2**112**122*12 2—10
X. H. Neustadter. 11111222221101 0—13
Louicee 01211200120 — 7
Smith .............. 11011111121212 0—13
A. T. Derby 11221021220222 1—13
A, Bon 12202211222001 1-11
A. Weil *2122*11122001 1—13
F. Ireland.......... 2010112 '—5
•Dead out of bounds.
Following the club shoot a pool was
subscribed, with these results:
Haicht ....: 12 2 2 2 2— «
Justin 2 0 — 1
Sweeney 112 2 2 2—6
Brun 112 1* 2—5
Jackson 1 1 2 1 2 2-«
Coleman 2 12 2 2 2— «
Neustadter 11110 1—5
Shaw ....;.... 12 210 2—5
Wilson 12 111 1 — S
FHidner 2 2 2 2 2 1— «
Derby 2 1 1 1 2 2-«
Louscee- 0 2 12* 0—3-
Karney- 2 12 12 ly-6
•Dead out of bounds.
RESORT TO LIVE BIRD TRAPS.
Several Schuetzen clubs were present at
Shell Mound Park yesterday, and the
scores -were much better than usual.
The shcoting yesterday lasted till dusk,
and several scores had to be left unfin
ished. The results were as follows:
Golden Gate Rifle and Piatol Club, monthly
medal shoot, rifle, handicap— W. G. Hoffman,
216, 213; C. M. Henderson, 217; A. B. Dorrell.
219,- 227; J. Kullmap. 1S3; A. Gehret. 209, 213,
213. 215. 213; J. K. Mason. 212. 219; IX B. Falttor.
225, 222. Gold medal— D. B. Faktor. 222, 213;
J.F. Bridges, 2U. Silver medal— C. M. Hen
derson. ;219; \V. F. Blasse, 180, 202. 175. ZOO;
M. F. Blasse. 200. 190. 189. 1S6. 196. 211 : M. J.
White. 1S7. 203; G. Tammeyer, 212. 209. 198. 204;
II. Hlnkel.' 220. 213. Pistol— G. W. Hoadley,
91. 83, 90, 84; P. Becker. 90; W. O. Feudner.
HO, 90, 82, 86, S3, -85, 91. 80. 82; M. F. Blasse,
79; '-W. - F.' Blasse, 80; T. Tammeyer, 62. Re
volver—P. Becker, 85. 81. 89. 80; J. R. Treffo.
81. J. EX Gorman attempted to surpass his
own world's pistol record of 471 for fifty shots.
His score was 468.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. monthly
prize bullseye— First. H. Huber J5; second, F.
Rust 120; third, D. B. Faktor 173; fourth, A.
Mocker 372; fifth, K. Brandt 873; sixth. Captain
Thyde 392; seventh, F. Schuster 441; eighth,
J. De Witt 634; ninth. L. Bendel 634; tenth,,
G. H. Bahrs, 639; eleventh. C. Thlerbach 636;
twelfth, W. Platt 789; thirteenth. W. Goetza
7%; fourteenth. H. Meyer 807; fifteenth, W.
GUndemann 81(; sixteenth, August Jungblut831;
seventeenth. August Meyer 86S; eighteenth,
John Utschig 179; nineteenth. T. Boeckman
907; twentieth, A, Pape 918.
Fifty members of the Verein were pres
ent, and 250 bullseyes were made, which
is the greatest number scored at any ono
meeting since the organization of trie so
ciety. The scores: ,\.i ' ". .
Elntracht Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye—
Captain F. Kuhls 433, 427; R. Stettin 412, 421;
T. Binner 377; C. von Hartwis 385.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot — First champion class, F. P. Schuster
433; second champion class, Andrew Mocker
423; first class, not won; second class, not won;
third class. H. Meyer 326; fourth class. E.
Stehn 357; best first shot. H. liuppert 24; best
last shot, K. Stehn 25.
Red Men's dchuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— Champion class, William Dressier 410;
first class. Captain Grleb 390; second class, J.
A. Mohr 310: third class. K. Schult 290; fourth
class, D. Tamke 265; first best shot, J. A.
Mohr 24; last best shot, William Dressier 23.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— D. B. Faktor, 190; H. Hellberg. 240; F.
P. Schuster. 299; W. Goetze. 548; W. Doell. 661;
-M. Ahrens. S98; C. .Henderson. 640; L. Bendel.
6S0; C. Thlerbach, 740; H. Huber. 750 r J. De
Witt, 770.
The Beer Wagon Drivers' Union held
its annual picnic at Shell Mound Park
yesterday. About a thousand guests were
present, and the afternoon was Bpent en
joyably in games and dancing. The new
pavilion to take the place of the one re
cently destroyed by -fire is well under way
and will be completed in a few weeks. . .
Setting Sun Prevents Maiksmen
From Filling Out Scores — Prizes
for the Big Shooting
"V Festival.
Schuetzen Clubs Present in
'Record Breaking
Numbers.
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
The San Rafael Club put a strong force
in' the field. Tho score stood: Courthouse
8, San Rafael Club 3.
SAN RAFAEL, March 21.— Never in the
local baseball history was a more exciting
game played than the one to-day. The
courthouse nine, composed of officials and
ex-officials of the county, met and van
quished the players of the San Rafael
Athletic Club. Sheriff Taylor led the
courthouse host to victory. County Re
corder E. J. Connell also distinguished
himself. He stole two bags, and got to
first once by stopping a "high "un" with
his ribs. Game Warden Robinson, who,
was the courthouse shortstop, sometimes
¦wished he had a pair of tongs to gather
in the hot ones. Ex-District Attorney E.
B. Martinelli played out in the right field
and enjoyed a. peaceful nap. In the sec
ond inning he made a heme run, and the
way he rolled around the bases drove the
assemblage wild.
OFFICIALS THE WHTNEKS.
Three-base hit — Shea. TTro-base hits! — Ihin
leavy. Thomas, Johnson. Sacrifice hit — W.
Hammond. First base on errors— Golden Gates
2. First base on called balls— Golden Gates 2,
Alamedas 2. Left on bases— Golden Gates 6.
Alamedas 4. Struck out— By McMenomy* 3. by
"Wichman 5. Passed ball — Shea. Time of came
— 1 hour 45 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell. Scorer
— J. Wi Ktarleton.
SUMMARY.
Golden Gate 00210020 0 — 5
Base hit* 0 1220210 1—9
Alameda 40 0" 211000— 8
Base hits 50122100 0-11
Totals 34 8 11 2 27 9 4
RUXS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Totals 36 5 9 0 24 12 t
ALAMEDA. /> '
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hammond, lb 4 2 11 9 0 0
Punleavy, Sb 4 12 0 13 2
Krugr, s. s 4 0 10 5 2 0
Brltt. I. f 4 12 110 0
Goldsworthy, 2b 3 2 1 0 1 2 1
Schroefier. r. t 3 0 10 10 0
Simpson, c. t 4 1 1.0 2 0 0
J. Hammond, c 4 0 10 6 2 0
Wichman, p 4 110 10 1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Johnson, lh 5 0 1 0 11 0 0
¦\Vaterbury, s. s S 11 0 3 2 0
Thorr.as. Sb 4 1 0 0 1 3 1
Tcadie. r. f 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Clynes, c. 1 3 0 10 10 0
Shea, c 3 12 0 6 10
Sheehan. 2b 4 110 0 3 0
Spencer. 1. f 4 110 1 .1-^ 0
McMenomy, p 3 0 2 0 12 1
GOLDEN' GATE.
McMenomy, who twirled for the Golden
Gate team, was found in ounches. espe
cially in the first inninc. when five hiu
and four runs were mad© by the Alame
das. This practically lost the came for
Golden Gate. The score:
The Golden Gates and the Alamedas
wound up the Midwinter JL/eacue ser'es
at Recreation grounds yesterday and th<»
victory of the latter makes them the
champions, of 1ML The score was 8 to 5.
Midwinter Series of Games Come3
to an End and the Alamedas
Are the Chara-
First Inning Proved Disas
trous to the Visit
'Y ; ing Team.
ALAMEDAS BEAT
GOLDEN GATES
ton was at Dumbarton yesterday making;
arrangements to launch Shamrock II, and
the ceremony has been definitely fixed for
April 20. The Marchioness of Duflerln
will christen the yacnt.
The attempts last week to dredge the
channel deep enough to float the chal
lenger failed, owing to the shifty nature
of the bottom. For a time it looked as If.
this might give rise to serious difficulties,
because the long fin and heavy ballast de
mand twenty feet of water, which It |3
impossible to get. In this dilemma Mr.
Watson devised an ingenious plan. This
Involves a huge water-tight box of suf
ficient buoyancy to carry the whole
weight of the yacht. The box is being
built around her underbody in such fash
ion that the whole of the hollow between
the body of the yacht and the fin will be
filled up. It is calculated that thla will
float Bix feet above the normal water line
of the yacht, and that when deep water id
reached It can be knocked away.
One result of the use of the contrivance
will 'be that the underbody will be hidden
as the yacht goes down the ways, and It
will be impossible to get a complete pho
tograph of her.
Sir Thomas Lipton Names
April 20 as the Date
of the Launching.
— ?
GLASGOW. March 24.— Sir Thomas Lip-
CUP CHALLENGER
SOON TO FLOAT
Her Topmast. .. t
Yesterday ths bridse leadlssr to the la
?oon at' ' Tiburon was raised and tha
yachts that had spent the winter therS
passed out Into the cove to their summer
moorings, where they will remain for tb«
next six months. Usually tho bridge has
been raised as soon as possible after ths
arrival of the 11 a. m. ferry boat from tns
city, but. owing to the state of tha tide,
it was not found practicable yesterday to
raise it until 2:30 p. m. When the team
of horses was hitched on to the tack!*
the draw came up slowly, unwillingly ar.l
creakingly, but without mishap. Tne first
yacht to be towed from winter quarter.*
Into the cove was the sloop Ella; next
came the Wawona, which struck against
the bridge on her port side, but vas soon
cleared.
The little sloop Surprise of the San
Francisco Yacht Club was not so fortuj
nate, for a wire stay on the starboaru
ride, fouling one of the bolts of the draw,
her spreader was carried away on one
side and her topmast was snapped, it be
ing impossible to check her headway
quickly. The sloop fell back and made
room for- others to pass through. The
yachts were towed out In the following
order: Sloops Mischief. Freda. Aeolus.
Presto, Halcyon, Merope, Surprise, Edna.
Rambler. Emma, Josie. Truant, >Iay.
Cupid, Amlgo, Rover, Thetis. Juanlta and
Clara. The launches A. C. McNelll. Nor
wood and Crescie were on hand, and
rendered valuable services.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy of the San
Francisco Yacht Club came over from
Sausallto In the launch Gazelle, Port Cap
tain James Kitterman had a large- party
in the launch America, and Dr, T. I* HP1
sailed over to Tiburon In the b1ooj> Cys
nus. The launch America towed tho
sloops Thetis, Juanlta and Surprise to
their moorings at Sausallto. After tho
yachts had left the lagoon three "Or four
of the arks were towed out, among then
being La Fiesta and La Boheme.
The Corinthian yachts Harpoon and
Spray are at Sausalito, beintr fitted out
for the season. The yawl Phyllis of the
San Francisco Yacht Club has been lyin?
In Napa Creek during the winter, but
¦will shortly return to her Sausalito moor
ings. The San Francisco sloop Ntxlo and
the Corinthian sloop Sappho are on Swan
son's way*, the former covered snugly
with canvas.
Corinthian Club's Fleet Is
towed Through tht
• Tibiiron Draw.
>
Sloop Surprise Collides With tha
Bridge azxd Is Considerably Dam
aged, Including I/OS3 of
YACHTS EMERGE
FROM THE LAGOON
WARSHIP DEFEATS SISQUOC
IN THE OPEN STAKE FINAL
AUSPICIOUS WEATHER CAUSES A REVIVAL OF OUTDOOR SPORTS
Sun, > Moon and Tide.
United States •' Coast"' and Geodetic' Surrey-
Times and Heights of • High % and Low
: >V aters at ' Fort ¦ Point. , entrance • to ¦ San
MONDAY. MARCtt 23.
Sun rises.' ..:............ ...C:M
Sun sets. *...'. 6:2
Moon sets ....0:00 a. m.
* NOTE — In tha above exposition of the ' tides
the early morning - tides are Kiven in the. left
hand ¦ column and , the successive . tides of tha
day j In . the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of ' the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the 'United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes . the. height.' and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
glvan ¦• by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. -
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
'¦•.-¦ •:. ¦ .•¦..¦ : ;•:. spoken. ¦:¦(.; . ..
rw a £S h i W V lllt *\V N - I°«S : I2S.I0 W-Br .hip
Beechdale, from Liverpool,; for Vancouver.-*- -.
POINT LOBOS.. March 24-^-10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, < wind northwest: velocity ' 20 ; miles' per
hour.' -':•;-/„:,,• • ....-•'.- ¦..¦¦• -•'¦-./ . >,.:
• • BAILED.'i. ;. •
: . Sunday, ' March 24.
Btmr Fulton,- Levlnson, : Grays Harbor.
, Stmr , Santa ; Rosa, . Alexander, ; San . Diegro.
t Stmr j Charles Nelson, s Schage. Seattle.
; Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria. -
Stmr - Pomona, Shea, Eureka. • / ',
• Stmr Navarro,- Hanson, Bowena' Landing.
Stmr. Sequoia, - Winkle. - Fort Bragg.
, Stmr Anrxll." Gllboy. Panama. "...
- Fr bark Marguerite DoUfus, Lahaye, Queens
town. " s^*"SK na 4e9BaWB»V^p^Ml*^««J9^«n^
' l h i p '- Centennial; Stannard, Cooks Inlet. ' '
Schr C T. Hill. Lindahl. -UnaJaska.
Schr Mary and Ida, Soderholm, codflshln^ ,'
.i.TELEGRAPHIC.v%v ¦ '¦¦
;• Schr Mary. Etta, Nyman, 20 hours from Bow
ens Landing. ' ¦
\ ¦-• Schr, Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours '. from ¦ Bo
desa. ;-'."-•/¦"." ' " . - ¦ : ¦ " --.'•¦
Sunday, March 24. ¦
Btmr Cre«cent City, Payne, 32 hours from
Crescent City. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landinir- .-, . : . :
;Stmr Alliance, Hardwtck. 7 days from Port
land and way ports. - .. - - ... -.--.-.
, Stmr ¦ Progrreso, Monroe/. 86 '¦ hours - from Ta
coma. . '..'¦: : •; .-. -. ¦¦•,•;¦ ¦••-,. .:
Stmr Queen, .Thomas, 4S: hours from San
Dlegro ¦ and >.way ports. "; .
Stmr ¦ Geo ,: Loomls, Bridgett, " 44 hours from
\entura. ..¦¦¦•.--..¦¦.... .
Schr Fanny: Dutard. Rudbach, 14 days from
Fort'Blakeley.
Schr :; S " Danielson, Hagerup, - 4 ; days ; from
Slirelaw River. r ¦ ! •¦ . '. :• .
Schr .Wing and Wing, Hansen, V£ days from
Shipping Intelligence.
,
ARRIVED.
NEW ¦ TORK— Arrived ; March 22— Stmr Etru
rla.': from Llven>ool. : .and : :Quesnstown;.' stmr
Britannia, • from Marseilles. Genoa and NaDles.
; KINSALE-Passed 'March 24-Stmr -Pennso
land.-.from: Liverpool, -for Philadelphia: stmr
Taurlc,' from New York, for Philadelphia '
'a LIVERPOOL— Arrived , March i 24— Stmr : New
York,' from. New-York. . . . ¦ « . _ ;
; . QUEENSTOWN— Sailed ; March 24— Stmr Lu
cania, - from Liverpool. ;,-.
OCEAN STEAMERS;
t£ A » N c PE PRO-Arrlved * March 24-Stmr
vYhitesboro. hence March 20. - •
, SEATTLE-Arriyed March 2«— Br shlD Car
™mr Ie Al5S? 1 f^S D k a aSa O y. Sa » ed : March : «_
-* BANDON, Or— Arrived March ; 24— Schr Con
flanza, hence March 15; schr Amethyst, • hence
March 15.: ¦¦ -.-¦-..•. ,.. ¦¦¦¦...¦¦¦ .. .• -,<- ¦--.-.
EUREKA— Arrived March 24— Schr I.agl
ronde,; hence March 16. Sailed March 24— Stmr
South Coast; for ; San Francisco; • stmr Bruns
wlpk, for San Francisco; stmr Chico, for San
Francisco: stmr ; Eureka,^ forj San -Francisco;
6tmr Lakme,- for San Francisco. •
- POINT ' LOBOS^-Passed March 24. at . 5:30 p.
m.-Iir stmr 'Warneld. from Port Los Angeles,
for Comox. v ¦¦¦-;¦¦- — •• •¦¦¦¦. . .-¦ : . •¦•-..¦ ,
• -¦ FORT • BRAGG— Arrived March r :4-^Stmr Se
quoia, hence March «"^"^' ]w* ilflumrrimtf
* COOS; BAV— Sailed March -24— Stmr Arcata.
fin Fi inn lii n )| iimiMiMaiiiiiMiSiiiilijiiiii|£i
SAN DIKGO— Arrived March" 24— Stmr Nome
City., hence March" 20. .. —.*-•.
ASTORIA— Sailed March -24— Stmr Geo . W
Elder,; for San Francisco; stmr, Coquille River,'
for San Francisco. , Arrived March 24— Fr bark
Craigrlsla from Iquique. -.-'¦ '
DOMESTIC I PORTS.
' Stmr. Luella. a shore at Little River. March
23, was floated at 1 a. in., March 24. - - ¦ .-
DISASTER.
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY^ MARCH ljiUl.
6
Time Time Time " Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L. W H W t, W
K ... 2:34 5.8 '9:30r-0.2 4:36 4.5 »:1S 2.9
!6 ... 3:29 6.6 10:40 0.0 5:4:> 4.5 10:40 I.I
n ... 4:37 .5.4 11:4S 0.0 «:59 4.6 ...... .....
-.-¦;;; L. xv h t, w h w .
18 ... 0:00 3.0 5:51 5.3 12:52 0.2 7:56 4.8
» .V, 1:10 2.7 ,7:04 5.1 1:46 0.3 8:45 5.0
tO ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 5.0 '2:33 0.5 9:27 5.2
II ..; 3:02 -1.9 . T*j 5.1 3:20 0.7 10:03J 5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Gaelic........... China' and "Japan......:
Tltanla:.. :..'... Nanalmo ........¦;..;....
Eureka.:....... Humboldt .*..'
Arcata. . .V.;. ... Coos - Bay " .. ... ..........
Roanoke. . ; :; . . . New York . via Panama
Mar. 23
Mar. 25
Mar. 23
Mar. 25
Mar. S3
San Pedro HcznboMt Mar. 23
North Fork Humboldt Mar. »
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 24
Acapulco Panama * Way Ports. Mar. 24
Hyades. ........ Seattle '. Mar. 28
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
Leelanaw Seattle : Mar. 27
Pomona Humboldt Mar 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 23
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 23
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Mar. IS
Nome City San Diego Mar. 38
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 23
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar."2>
Hongkong Mar, China and Japan Mar. 3i)
Pentaur Hamburg & "War Ports Mar. 30
Arequipa Valparaiso & way Pts Mar. 30
Steamer.
I
Destination.
I Sat la. I Pier.
31a rcb 2.1.
Empire....... Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Newburg..... Grays Harbor « p m Pier 3
March an. . < .
Alliance...... Ptld and Coos Bay 5 pm Pl«r 3
City Peking.: China and Japan., l pm PMSS
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier II
31 arch 27.
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay 12 ml Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pl«r »
Sonoma....... Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego > am Pier U
March 2S.
San TVdro — Humboldt ..." to am PW j
Acapulco..... Panama it. Wxy Pt 12 mlPMss
• • March SO. . . I
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am PJer *
O. W. Elder.. Astoria ft Portland U am Pier 24
¦Nome City... Humboldt Pier s
Coroaa • Ne^^ii- r ;o;— • «» «•«¦ u
Gaelic — China, and Japan.. lpmPMSS-
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pl<sr S
Point Arena.. Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier >
San Pedro HcznboMt Mar. 23
North Fork Humboldt Mar. »
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 24
Acapulco Panama * Way Ports. Mar. 24
Hyades. ........ Seattle '. Mar. 28
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
Leelanaw Seattle : Mar. 27
Pomona Humboldt Mar 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 23
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 23
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Mar. IS
Nome City San Diego Mar. 38
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 23
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar."2>
Hongkong Mar, China and Japan Mar. 3i)
Pentaur Hamburg & "War Ports Mar. 30
Arequipa Valparaiso & way Pts Mar. 30
Steamer.
I
Destination.
I Sat la. I Pier.
31a rcb 2.1.
Empire....... Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Newburg..... Grays Harbor « p m Pier 3
March an. . < .
Alliance...... Ptld and Coos Bay 5 pm Pl«r 3
City Peking.: China and Japan., l pm PMSS
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier II
31 arch 27.
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay 12 ml Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pl«r »
Sonoma....... Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego > am Pier U
March 2S.
San TVdro — Humboldt ..." to am PW j
Acapulco..... Panama it. Wxy Pt 12 mlPMss
• • March SO. . . I
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am PJer *
O. W. Elder.. Astoria ft Portland U am Pier 24
¦Nome City... Humboldt Pier s
Coroaa • Ne^^ii- r ;o;— • «» «•«¦ u
Gaelic — China, and Japan.. lpmPMSS-
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pl<sr S
Point Arena.. Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier >
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Gaelic........... China' and "Japan......:
Tltanla:.. :..'... Nanalmo ........¦;..;....
Eureka.:....... Humboldt .*..'
Arcata. . .V.;. ... Coos - Bay " .. ... ..........
Roanoke. . ; :; . . . New York . via Panama
Mar. 23
Mar. 25
Mar. 23
Mar. 25
Mar. S3
Time Time Time " Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L. W H W t, W
K ... 2:34 5.8 '9:30r-0.2 4:36 4.5 »:1S 2.9
!6 ... 3:29 6.6 10:40 0.0 5:4:> 4.5 10:40 I.I
n ... 4:37 .5.4 11:4S 0.0 «:59 4.6 ...... .....
-.-¦;;; L. xv h t, w h w .
18 ... 0:00 3.0 5:51 5.3 12:52 0.2 7:56 4.8
» .V, 1:10 2.7 ,7:04 5.1 1:46 0.3 8:45 5.0
tO ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 5.0 '2:33 0.5 9:27 5.2
II ..; 3:02 -1.9 . T*j 5.1 3:20 0.7 10:03J 5.4
The first trolley car making a regular
ran In Philadelphia was run on Catherine
and Balnbridge streets In December. 1S92.
The first trolley car ran in Richmond. Va_,
In 1SS3.As soon as the reorganization Is com
pleted there will be a series ot shoots for
medals and trophies.
Many of the old members were out to
day and some new ones. Of course Seav
er made th*> record of the day. but there
are others who .have become fired with
an ambition to compete with him for first
place, and there will be lots of practice
from now on.
The result of the shoot to-day was a
call for a meeting of the gun club, to bo
held on Tuesday evening at the Reliance
Club. There will be an election of offi
cers, and the club will take charge of it*
shooting range, which has fallen into pri
vate hands.
this season at least, and a' second shoct
was called for to-day.
This shoot was still more successful and
there were twenty- two who shot for tar
get records and many Independent shots
who/were content to bang away at blue
rocks without desire to put themselves on
record.
The funeral will be held Tuesday. There
¦will be a solemn requiem high mass cele
brated at All Saints Church. Haywards,
In the morning. "Father Lally will offi
ciate and will be assisted by several other
priests.
Mrs. Stanton had been In Ill-health for
a year. She .had reached the age of 67
years. The surviving relatives are* a sis
ter. Mrs. H. Bazy of Grldley, and three
children. Nora Stanton, "William Stanton
and John Stanton. A daughter, Kate, died
four years ago.
Since her husband's death Mrs. Stanton
had lived quietly at the ranch with her
children. She was known far and wide
for her kindly nature and as one of the
earliest settlers in the valley the- family
became prominent in the ranch life there
about.
desert, and together they shared all of
the burdens which that life imposed upon
them.
Florence Orr was treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital last night. for creosote poi
soning. She had swallowed the stuff with
suicidal intent at her rooms at 336 Bush
street. ¦¦ ,' \
Swallowed a Dose of Creosote.
CAHTO, March 24.— To-day death called
one of the oldest human beings In Men
docino County, Captain Cook. Cook was
an Indian and had lived for at least 115
years. He. was a noted man of his tribe.
He had governed a small band of Indians
here some thirty years ago when the red
skins wer« on the warpath. ¦ As evidence
that he was at times In close quarters he
bore scars of numerous bullets on his
body. His favorite sport before hia death
was the great war dance. v
Elaborate preparations are being made
by his people for the funeral. A fine cas
ket has been ordered and : to-morrow,
when his body Is Interred, scores of
beads, arrow tips, feathers, fancy cloth
ing, blankets and In fact everything that
belonged to him, will be thrown Into the
grave with him. To-day the mourning
of numerous Indians may be heard at
the home of the old chief.
NEW YORK. March 24.— The Canard
liner Btrurla, which was due here from
Liverpool on Saturday night, was not- re
ported from Fire Island until this after
noon. The mist which prevailed when
the Etruria. passed In at Sandy Hook at
a little after 5 o'clock soon turned Into a
dense fog, and the steamship was unable
to make quarantine In time to be passed
by the health officer of the port. Friends
of the passengers, who expected the ves
sel to dock to-night, upon reaching the
pier were informed that the liner would
not dock until to-morrow morning.
The Anchor liner Britannia, from Medi
terranean ports, which passed Sandy
Hook Just ahead of the Etruria, made
quarantine all right, but her commander,
as the fog thickened, thought It better to
remain there for the night. . ¦
The French linar La Gascogne. which
was due here to-<lay from Havre, had not
been reported to-night. She Is" probably
fog-bound off Sandy Hook.
AGED INDIAN «?n ' w
. DIES IN MENDOCINO
Lie Outside Sandy Hdok Unable
' to Beach Quarantine.
Etruria, Britannia and La Gascogna
mura. a Japanese, out Saturday to exam
ine the track and tighten bolta. and when
he failed to appear at night the crew was
sent in search for him. They found him
dead alongside the track about nine miles
from Mojave. The Coroner's Jury an
nounced that he was killed by a Santa
Fe train. t . ¦,/','».**>¦""
TRANS-ATLANTIC LINERS
DELAYED BY HEAVY FOG
Physicians In Vera Cruz, /Mexico, werp
successful In th,elr practice with the'wel
low fever eerum discovered by a Brazilian
experimenter, Dr. .Belllnzaghl. ' . •
Alleged Thieves » Arrested.
Alma Johnson and :Charles Miller; were
•arrested at 1049 \ Market street early yes
terday morning by. Officers Dan ? rjriscoll
and P. Sullivan onVcomplalnt of -the' pro
prietor- of a ' saloon at ¦ 7 , Mason ¦'/ street.
They r are> accused of robbing a'soldlerjof
$180. ? The woman , was charged with grand
larceny -and vagrancy* and Miller was
charged ¦ with ; vagrancy.". 5 The .Johnson
woman was released on $1000 ball fur
nished by her father. ¦
The California and Oriental Steamship
Company's Belgian King "arrived, from
Hongkong via : Yokohama and San Diego
yesterday morning and Dave went . out
In the Spy to ' run the vessel's lines. *A
heaving rope was thrown and the boat
man caup-ht it and made fast. -When he
started ihe engine ahead the . wheel
caught tho rope and ' the ". launch ¦ was
brought up with a round. turn. The big
steamship was forging ahead all the time
and the rope becoming taut • pulled the
Spy over until her gunwale . was : under
water. .Young Crowley did not waste an
instant, but seizing a large sheath knife
Jumped overboard. Diving under the boat,
he grabbed the stern' post *and .using his
•knife to good effect cut the heaving. rope
nway from the propeller. -Had the launch
completely ' turned . over : the ¦; chances > are
It would have taken Crowley to the bot
tom, of the bay with- It, -but. once freed
from the Belgian King, the littfe 4 craft
rot on an even keel and Dave soon clam
bored aboard again. -He' then -completed
running the steamship's ¦ lines and - went
home to change his clothes. '
Dave Crowley had a narrow escape on
the bay yesterday and Incidentally It is.
lucky for him and his brother that the
gasoline launch Spy is not lying twenty
fathoms deep. j^%* lc i*)|jWRfflra
LATTNCH NEARLY OVERTURNED
The usual' features of the ordinary,pic
nic are to be eliminated, and instead there
is to be a musical programme. . .
Arrangement*— Louis A. Kelly, John D. Ma
honey .Fred E. Farmer, ¦ JoseDh ' : McCusker,
Daniel C. Deaay, Thomas , F. Ryan. Albert >H.
Quatman, W. Chester Keogh, Frank Farreh,
Music-^John b. MahbneyT Louis A. Kelly. .Ad
bertH. 1^ Quatman. v" . „„..,'. »
Ways and means— Thomas F. Ryan, /William
Kelly, -. Louis A. Kelly: :<SG*gS»&&^iiRiS^B51f
Ground*— Fred E. Farmer, v Thomas F.' Ryan,
Frank Farren.". "William Kelly. Albert IT. Quat
man. w. : Cheater Keoeh.
Cathedral Council No. "59 of the Young
Men's Institute : will * hold its .. second j an
nual'outing at Sunset Park, in the Santa
Cruz Mountaln3, v on May day. The follow
ing eommittees have- been appointed:
Outing of Cathedral Council.
Government Refuses New Zealand's
Request to Reconsider British
Trade Interests. ' t ,
LONDON; March 25.— "The United States
Government," says the Wellington corre
spondent of the Daily Press, "has refused
New Zealand's request to reopen the
question of permitting British steamers
to trade between Honolulu and San Fran
cisco." '
Death of Judge Bartholomew.
BISMARCK. N. D., March , 24.— Judge
Joseph M. Bartholomew, for ten years
Justice of the Supreme Court : of this
State, dropped dead to-day.
of Samoa, Causes the Ottoman .
Government Worry.
LONDON, March 25.— The Ottoman
Government, according to the Constanti
nople correspondent of the Times, has
sent a warship to Marathoomapos, Island
of Samoa, off the west coast of Asia
Minor, the whole southern region of the
Island being 1 in rebellion.
NO KOBE CONTROVERSY
OVER TRADING QUESTION
Uprising In Mara thoomapos, on Island
TURKISH -WARSHIP SENT
TO CRUSH REBELLION
OAKLAND, March 24.— During a fight
at 1 o'clock this morning at First street
and Broadway Henry Chartrand.a ship
carpenter residing, at 373 First street, had
his cheek : ripped open by a . pocket-knife
used by George Miles, a laborer, who waa
arrested.; Chartrand's Injuries were treat
ed at the Receivins Hospital. .
Slashed With a Pocket Knife.
MERCED, March 24.-r-Ttie Jury in th*
McFarland murder case, after remaining
out . all night; returned a verdict tW*
morning of . manslaughter. McFarland. a
few weeks ago. shot and killed James H.
Tucker while the latter was abusing his
divorced wife, with whom McFarland was
living.. The court fixed the ball at $5000.
pending a new trial. • WHS
Manslaughter the Verdict.
SAN JOSE. March 24.— The State Asso- i
elation of Bankers will meet In annual
convention In this city May 29. 30 and til
Local 'bankers have met and made ar
rangements to give the visitors a fitting
reception. Two hundred delegates are ex
pected, and every town In the State w«il
be represented. About fifty of thos*»
present -will be presidents of banks, aril
the other delegates will be made up of
cashiers, tellers and directors.
Bank Officials to Meet.
OAKLAND. March 24.— The Butchers'
Union was organized to-day under the
auspices of C. D. Rogers, State chairman
of the American Federation of Labor.
The meeting was held in Butchers' Hall,
918 Washington street, at noon. There
were several hundred present. Including
butchers and members of other affiliated
branches, of the American Federation . of
Labor. Addresses were made by C' 15.
Rogers, C. A. Sinclair of the Retail Clerks'
Association, Mr. Head of the Teamsters'
Union, J. D. Pierce, general organizer of
the American Federation of Labor, and
others. ¦ The representatives of the Retail
Clerks' Association and the Teamstera'
Union told of their experiences in union
izing their lines of work. ¦¦¦¦
--It was decldeu to organize and to apply
for a oharter from the Amalgamated Meat
Cutters and Butcher Workmen of Amer
ica. A roll was opened and 140 signed It
at once. A temporary organization was
affected by the election of the following:
President, • J. T. Fahy; vice president,
James Stevens; secretary, John Douglas;
treasurer, William -Hotte; sergeant-at
arms, Henry Petri. -Petrl Is the 380-pound
wrestler. It Is exnected that the member
ship will reach 400.
J. H. Mullen, the business agent of the
Building Tirades' council, has hanaed his
resignation to: the council, to take effect
upon the 1st or 'April. It Is said that Mul
len will take a political position. ' .
H. Mullen Resigns From Build
ing Trades Council.
BUTCHEHS FORM A ;5>;;
TEMPOMRY UNION
Start With, a Crood Membership— J.
As soon as word reached the young
man's relatives at Poplar. Tulare County,
his home. Instructions were sent here to
have the remains prepared and shipped
there at once. Ferguson's friends and
school companions in Oakland are anx
ious to show respect for thei • dead col
lege-mate, so funeral services- will be
.held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock at
the First Methodist Church. Rev. Paul
M. Spencer, the assistant pastor, will of
ficiate. The faculty and students of the
Polytechnic Business Col'ege. which Fer
guson was attending, will attend the ser
vices in a body. The remains will be sent
to Poplar after the ceremonies.
"It was not more than a minute before
the diver of the baths was on hand," said
George Copman, one of Ferguson's com
panions, "and . he had the body out of
the water in a remarkably short space of
time. The doctors hurried to Ferguson
and tried to resuscitate but to • no
purpose.
"It was a terrible, shock to all of us, 1
this distressing accident. I could not real
ize that it had occurred. We had "been in
the water about fifteen minutes and there
was not any warning save the cry of the
young man to be taken out of the water
But we thought it was only a 'josh' and
not until he disappeared did we . imagine
anything serious had occurred. Ferguson
was, like the rest of us, only an ordinary
swimmer." .
The circumstances attending young Fer
guson's death were peculiarly unfortunate.
His cries for assistance while he was in
the big tank were unheeded by his com
panions because they supposed he waj
only Joking with them. It was not until
he sank out of sight that the alarm waa
given. None of the young men who ha-3
gone to the baths with Ferguson were
expert swimmers and could not assist
him.
OAKLAND, March 24.— Coroner Mehr
mann has, after Investigation, reached th9
conclusion that James Ferguson, the
young student who lost his life last night
at Piedmont Baths, was drowned after
Einkmg from a sudden cramp or exhaus
tion.. The physicians who were on j the
scene immediately afier the body was
brought out of the tank by Diver Henry
Stephenson say there was ample external
evidence to show that the young man was
asphyxiated. Upon this showing there
will be no autopsy held, but the Coroner
has ordered an inquest .for to-morrow
evening.
/ »• —
Coroner Mehrnnnn Decides
That Young Ferguson
WasDrownd.
DEATH IS CAUSED
BY ASPHYXIATION
Mr. Barlow has submitted a proposition
to these same commission houses to han
dle Sonoma County blackberries on the
same plan. A meeting will' be held In a
few days. Barlow raises annually over
10 per cent of the blackberry crop of So
noma County.
SANTA ROSA, March 34.— A war over
the price of blackberries is on In Sonoma
County, and Sevastopol Is the storm
center. As a result, the price has ad
vanced from $-12 50 to J50 a ton. and mar
gro higher. *
T. E. Barlow, a' prominent grower of
Sebastopol, is credited with starting tho
war. His profit on sales at $32 50 a ton
was rnly $2 50, and he decided to obtain
more from the canneries. The offer made
to him by the California Fruit Cannera*
Association was refused. Hia purpose- la
to have * the . blafckberry growers of thia
section adopt a plan similar to that adopt
ed last year by the Watsonville growers.
These men pooled all their strawberries
and shipped- them to commission houses
in San Francisco that guaranteed them a
minimum price of $2 50 per chest. This
netted them over $25,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call. "*
Difficulties With the Can
ntries in Sonoma Sind.
Prices Higher.
BLACKBERRIES
CAUSE A WAR
Remembers His City.
NORFOLK. Va.. March 24.— The will of
the late Henry Dubois Van Wyck, former
ly of New York, proprietor of the
Academy of Music here, leaves sums 'of
from 11000 to $10,000 each to friends and
faithful employes. He makes the city of
Norfolk a partial residuary legatee for the
purpose of extending the public library.
The gift will materially aid the city in
complying with the terms of Mr. Car
negie's recent off^r.
Found Dead on Floor.
LEXINGTON", Ky.. March 24.— W. P.
Evans, a rolling mill proprietor of Ver
sailles. Ky., was found dead stretched on
the floor of his room at the Palace Hotel
to-day. He had broken his nose and the
Coroner pronounced the injury due to tho
fail. Evans was *0 years of age and came
from Wales in 1S55. He was wealthy and
was reputed to be connected with a titled
family.
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 25.— Reports
from Alliance and Ogallala early this
(Monday) morning indicate that the Union
Pacific and Burlington main lines are
blocked with enow. Three passenger
trains are held at Ogallala, and drifts
-west of there have not been raised after
hard work with snow ploughs. The Bur
lington main line to the Northwest Is tied
up west and east of Alliance, and all
trains are held. The storm In Western
Nebraska Is the worst in years and will
cause great damage to stock interests.
Snow is reDorted from, four to twelve
Inches deep, with a strong wind blowing.
Eastern Nebraska is drenched with rain.
Reports from' Long Pine, Nebr., show
that the Elk Horn road is blocked and all
trains are tied up.
Drifts Obstruct Its Main Lines and
the Burlington Boutes.
UNION PACIFIC BIX>CXED.
DENVER, March 24.— A storm has pre
vailed all. over the State of Colorado to
day. In tome places reaching the propor
tions of a blizzard. Snow has fallen to a
depth of from three to ten inches.- Th;
storm still continues with eeverlty on the
mountains, blocking railroads and traiT.c
generally. Already cattlemen haye sul-.
fered loss and fears are entertained that
the loss will be greatly increased before
the storm is ended. All trains from the
Bast are delayed by the storm in Kansas.
Regular trains on the Colorado ami
Southern between here and Leadville have
been abandoned, as the cuts are filled
with snow. On the western slope the fall
of snow has been heaviest. In some places
It Is ten Inches on the level and much
deeper on the mountains. Reports con«v
from Lamar, Colo., that the storm Is driv
ing the cattle along with it and undoubt
edly many will die trom exposure; Re
ports from the vicinity of Casper. Wyo.,
chow similar weather conditions there.
Cattlemen Suffer Heavily
and Snowfall Delays
Railroad Traffic.
FIERCE BLIZZARD
IN COLORADO
OAKLAND. March 24.-Mrs. Mary
Stanton. who in the pioneer days
of railroading in California en
dured all the hardships and pri
vations of frontier life -to be near
her husband, an early constructor on the
Central Pacific Railroad, passed away this
morning at 6 o'clock at the Stanton ranch;
one of the landmarks of Castro Valley,
near Haywards. For nearly thirty years
this was the family home. For several
years before these pioneers settled there
Michael Stanton, the husband, who died
twenty years ago, had. with his faithful
wife, gone Into the wilderness and on the
plains to build the first transcontinental
railroad.
Mr. Stanton was one of the best-known
railroad constructors In this State. With
Mrs. Stanton he traveled far across the
OAKLAND, March 24.— The Reli
ance Gun Club is to be reorgan
ized .for the season. Two highly
successful shoots and a large an!
growing amount of enthusiasm
have settled that.
The Gun Club Ajinex of the Reliance
Athletic Club was at 6ne time a very pow
erful organization. In- the days when it
held all kinds of records W. . N. Seavcr,
who has done some wonderful shooting
under the name of "Trombone." and John
O. Cadman were at the head. Seaver still
has the interests of the club at heart, and
three -weeks ago got a few kindred spirits
together and held an informal shoot at
the clubhouse on the Alameda marsh. It
was so successful and so much Interest
was aroused that a week ago the first
regular shoot was held and fifteen con
testants appeared. That settled the fu
ture of the Reliance Gun Club. Annex for
SENDING TRACTS
TO THE MORMONS
Religious Leaflets Are Being
Distributed Among the
Polygamists.
WASH1NGTON, March 24.— The Wash
ington annual meeting of the American
Tract Society was held to-day in the
Gunton-Temple Memorial Church, tho
Rev. Masa S. Flske, pastor, presiding. Tho
Rev. Judson Swift, field secretary of New
York, presented a brief report of the so
ciety's work. General O. O. Howard de
livered an earnest, address, seeing forth
the object and needs of the society. Ha
gave from his own experience a Bomewhat
detailed account of the tract, society s
work, in the army, emphasizing how muc«
good It accomplished during the recent
Spanish war. He also told of what was
being done in our Island possessions^Gen
eral Howard is the society's president,
and is deeply interested in Its work.
The secretary's report stated that the
society was organized "to diffuse a know.
edgeof Christ as the redeemer of sin
ners " In this work It has issued between
thirteen and fourteen million distinct pub
lications at home and in the foreign held.
Tho society, through It3 system of col
nortage, strives to carry the gospel mes
sa.ee to the millions that are unreached by
the churches. During fifty-nine years of
colportage over 15.000,000 family visits have
been made and nearly 10,000,000 families
have been prayed with or spoken to on th-j
subject of personal religion, while 16.000,
000 pages of Christian reading have been
left in their homes. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•
The society has been able to publish the
gospel truth in 159 languages or dialects
and has aided the denominational missions
In their work at home and abroad. • Dur
inK the year between 4,000,000 and 5,000,000
pages of Christian literature In the Span
ish language have been distributed In our
island. possessions and 1,000,000 pages of se
lected reading have been distributed to
the army and navy. An effort is beins
made In Utah to place tracts in every
i.iormon - home by means of colporteur
wagons and colporteurs, thus reaching the
children and youth. New publications
have been Issued during the year in Er
gllsh, Spanish, Polish and German. An
earnest appeal is made for an increase of
funds.- . . •. • • ¦ '-¦'¦¦¦¦ •
" Japanese Killed by a Train.
MOJAVE, March 24.—M. C. Collins, a
Santa Fe. section* foreman, sent T. Ta-
Denounces Canteen at Soldiers' Some
and Is Politely but Firmly
Escorted to Cars.
KANSAS CITY. March M.— After an
eventful day -at Leavenworth, Kans., Mrs.
Nation arrived here this evening and left
Immediately for St. Louis, en route for
Cincinnati, where she I* booked to deliver
r half-dozen lectures. It was believed she
would make an attempt at Jo'nt smashing
at Leavenworth. but two policemen re
mained with h?r all the time she was In
that cJty. She wanted to make a speech
in the Leavenworth Opera-house, but th«
house was locked against her. She then
attempted to speak on the public square,
but the officers stopped her. Later she
went to the southern part of the city and
addressed an audience of 500 people on a
vacant lot. She visited the National Sol
diers' Home at Fort Leavenworth and be
ran abusing GDvernor Rowland for allow
ing a canteen to be run on the grounds.
After listening to her for a short time the
Governor called a captain of police and
had her escorted off the grounds and
placed on a car for the city. Along the
route from Leavenworth to Kansas City
the made rear-platform speeches at every
stop. .,
URS. NATION STRIKES
FEOST AT LEAVENWOETH
THE LATE MRS. MARY STANTON, WHO BRAVED THE HARDSHIPS
OF THE WILDERNESS AND DESERTS IN EARLY DAYS WITH
HER HUSBAND. WHO WAS A RAILROAD CONSTRUCTOR. .
According to the dispatch Leo XIII has
determined to remove Father Martin, gen
eral of the Society of Jesus, on the
grounds that the recent popular demon- '
ptrations against the order in France', \
Austria, Spain and Portugal are due to >
mismanagement, for which Father Martin i
is held responsible by His Holiness.
Members of the Society . of Jesus In
this city are Inclined to doubt the accu
racy cf this report. They believe, however,
that, in view of Father Martin's bad state
of health, an assistant may be appointed,
with every likelihood of succeeding him
eventually.
"If any action had already been taken
by the Holy Father." said the Rev. Father
... • vnne - S. J.. to a Call correspondent,
"it would have be*n reported to us by
cable by our representative In Rome,
Father Meyer. No message on this sub
joct has. however, been received. On the
other hand there is a possibility that a
vicar has been or mav be appointed as an
assistant to Father Martin, who will take
cnerpe of his work. " The general has been
'n bad health far a year or more. Though
ne -is comparatively a young man— about
M years old— and has sVveral assistants
and advisers, who have charge of differ
ent sections of the world under his direc
tion, the Rev. Father Meyer representing
this country, his work is very onerous.
Under the circumstances I think it !s
probable that the Holy Father has given
him an assistant."
Both Father Wynne and the Rev. Father
Clarke, S. J.. said That there could have
been no reason for the removal of Father
Martin for reasors of policy.
ior General of the Jesuits.
N*ETV YORK, March 24.— Among the pos
sibilities sug-gosted by a cable dispatch
from Rome is that of an American be
coming "the black Pope." There are, ac
cording to an old paying-, three Popes In
Rome — the "white Pope." who sits in the
chair of St. Peter; the "red Pope," who is
the Cardinal Prefect of the Propaganda,
and the "black Pope," who is the Super-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AMERICAN MAY
RULE JESUITS
Probable Change in General
of the Order Reported
From Rome.
>
Tope Credited With Having Decided
to Esmove the Bev. Father
Martin for Beasons of
Policy.
Death Claims Mrs. Mary Stairton at Her
Home in Castro Valley, Near Hay wards.
AGED PIONEER WOMAN
PASSES QUI ETLY AWAY
..¦ i-'su- ¦ ..¦¦::¦¦•..... : :: !'• I
ALAMEDA, March 24.— Most Impressive 1
was the scene presented in St. Joseph's
Church this afternoon' at, 4 ' o>' clock, "when
his Grace Archbishop V. \V..Ricrdan ad
ministered the rite - of confirmation to I'M
communicants. -..With a few. exceptions
the recipients were young: people. It was
the first time in four years that confirma
tion services had been held in this parish.
The assemblage crowded, the church edi
fice and many who came to observe the
imposing ceremonies were unable to gain
an entrance. All 'the girls and young
ladies who received confirmation were at
tired In white dresses, with white veils
flowing gracefully from their heads. The
boys and men wore satin bows of whit.?
on one arm and boutonnieres of white car
nations.
After his administration of the confirm
ation rite Archbishop. Riordan delivered a
few words of advice to those who had re
ceived confirmation, impressing strongly
upon them the obligation and responsi
bility they had assumed and Instructing
them- to ever and always stand by. the
faith. '
Those confirmed were:
Clifford Barry. John Bennett. Thomas Boar
man Joseph B. Bruzzoni, JoBeph F. Bruzzonl,
Thomas Casey, Joseph Cavoi Bert Christianer.
Robert Coughlln. John Croll. • Peter Daniels,
George Daly, Percy Dpdd. Charles , Dryden,
Paul Dufour. Alfred Durney. Harold Durney,
Lawrence Farosich, Fred Firpo Julius Flrpo.
Harris Fort. Hiram Fort. ¦.William Foster,
Paul Guislaln. Roger Guislain, William. Hall,
John Healy, Edmund Heritage. ¦ James Hlckey.
William Hutton. James Klndlen. Leo Kl"?"
Thomas Lane, William L"»e. Edwin
Lewis, Joseph Lonesan, Charles alanlej,
Francis Maslin, Raymond Mazzlni, AVal
lace McKinnon. Earl Mead, - August
Menu. Edwin Motfatt, Felix Moresl, Al
fred O'Brien. William Ogston, Martin O'Keefe.
Chester Plotz, Lawrence Purcell, Rafael
Robles. Edwin Rogers. Basil Rose, Edward
Schroeder, William Schroeder, Edward Speed.
William Stumpf. Beverly Theobald. Oswald
Tweedy John Vlera. Fred Wescher. Frank
Wieland Frederick Rhoda. Frederick Shep
pard. Lawrence Zunlno. Rose Anderson, Annie
Bare'llles. Elizabeth Bexen. Minnie Bexen.
Marguerite Boarman, Claire Bolan. Louise
borela, Columba Bruzzone, Mary Bruzzone,
Marguerite Carpentler, Edith Cavo, LlIHe
Courtney Mary Coole. Ethel Croll. Gladys
Denis Mary Donner. Mattie Farosich. Victoria
Faroslch. Amelia Firpo, Mary Flelschmann,
Louisa Foltz, Mary Fort. Hazel Foster. Mary
Frasa • Florence Garcia. Susie . Gentosa. An
nette Hall. Elise Hall, Mary Havelin, Maggie
Healy Mary Hickey, Nora Hutton. Winnie
Hutton Mary Jones,' Delia Kaney. Josephine
Kebby Mary Kaney. Ella Kearney. Marguerite
Kearon Genevieve Keegan, Elsie Kelly, Grace
Kine Ida Klein, Sophie Koonlt, Evallna Law
rence' Genevieve Mahoney. M. Eileen McCur
rie Sylvia McCurrie. Nellie McMahon, Ger
trude Meysel. Emma Mockel. Marie Diaz^
Mora Mary Morton, Stella Morton, Gertrude
O'Brien. Bessie O'Connor, Claire O'Neill.
Mabel O'Neill, Mabel Peck. Lulu Pesot. Helen
Perkins. Clara Profumo, Alice Provard, Flor
ence Provard -Catherine Roarers. Gladys Rose.
Edna Kyan, Irene Ryan, Mabel Ryer. Julia
Scullv Ella Sheppard, 'Helen Smith, Matilda
Lobrero. Antonlna Rundell. ' .Carmellta Theo
bald Constance Tweedle. Irene Tweedle. Lucy
Vazina Cecelia Whateley, Ermlnia Wieland,
Eva Wlnckelmann. Annie Winters, Abby
Wright Maggie Wynn, Mary Welch, Mary
Zunlno,' Mary O'Connell. Louisa de la Fontan,'
Minnie Eckert. Edmund Schultls. Catherine
Perry, Hazel Prusso, Mrs. Shaw, C. J. Rone.-
At the 8:30 o'clock mass Rev. Father P.
A. Foley, rector of St. Joseph's Church,
gave first communion to the following:
John Bennett, Thomas Boarman, Joseph
B. Bruzzone, Joseph F. ' Bruzzone, ¦ Josepn
Cavo.- Peter Daniels, Percy Dodd. Paul Dufour,
Harold Durney. Fred Ftrpo, Julius Flrpo. WK- i
Ham Foster. . William Hall. John Healy. Jmnei
Klndlen, Thbmas : Lane. Raymond Mazxlni,.,
Wallace McKinnon, Earl Mead. August Menu,
Felix More3l. William Orston. Martin O'Keefe,
Chester Plotz. ¦ Rafael Robles, Edwin Rogers.
Oswald Tweedie. Lawrence Zunino. Annie
Bareilles. Elizabeth Bexen, . . Claire Bolan,
Louisa Borella, Mary Donner,- Louisa Foltz,
Sunle Gentosa. Maesle Healy, Mary Hickey.
Mary Jones. Delia Kaney. Marguerite Kearon,
Elsie Kelly. Genevieve Mahoney. Nellie Mc-
Mahon. Gertrude O'Brien, Helen Perkins.
Mabel Peck, Clara Profumo, Catherine Rogers,
Edna Ryan, Constance Tweedle. Lucy Vazina,
Erminla Wieland. Eva Winckelmann, Abby
Wright, Emma Mackel. Hazel Prusso. ¦•
Rev. Father Foley, his assistant. Rev.
Father T. J. . O'Connell, and -several
Christian Brothers prepared the boys and
young men for the reception of the sac
raments of communion and confirmation.
The girls were prepared by .the Sisters of
Notre Dame Academy. "_fv/ v .
Bev. Father P. A. Foley Gives First
Communion to Fifty Com
municants of His
Church.
St. Joseph's Church Scene
of the Impressive
Service.
CONFIRMATIONS
BY ARCHBISHOP
• . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ " ¦ •:•¦• ' -¦ ¦ ¦ ......
Reliance Gun Club, After Two Successful Shoots, De
cides to Rehabilitate Itself.
GROWING ENTHUSIASM WILL
BRING A REORGANIZATION
DISJOINTED RELIANCE GUN CLUB HOLDS ITS SECOND INFORMAL SHOOT AND THE MARKSMEN PER
FORM SQ CREDITABLY THAT IT IS FINALLY DECIDED TO REORGANIZE AT ONCE AND HOLD A SE
RIES OF MEDAL CONTESTS. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1901.
7
The score of the shoot to-day Is:
I l
NAMES. 10 15 IS 13 15 11515 IS 30
I_J
W. Emelgh.... 4 9 10 8 11 9
TYanck 5 9 8 9 10 .. 9 .. 13
Seaver 9 12 13 14 13 13 14 IS 1?
W. White « 5 8 9 «
C. Mohr 7 8 7 8 9
T. Emeigh .67657.. 69
Raynler 7 8 10 8
Duboice 4 8 8 9 9
H. Mohr 5 7 9 .... 8
C. Davis 7 7 < 8 7 » .. .-
Persons 2 7 S 4 6
Bolce 4 « 7 8 5
Andlffred 2357771.. 19
Stanzen 8 8 7 6 9
C. Ryder 0 7 8 »
Miller I.. I 14
Seed 7 11 10 9J10J
"Doc" 6 817 9 .. ..
James .. 7 8 8 10 1 9
gmlth 7 10 10 I U .. .. .. ..
Clifton 3 6 4 .... I 6 7 .. ..
Howard 6 5 7 .. (
The score of the shoot to-day Is:
I l
NAMES. 10 15 IS 13 15 11515 IS 30
I_J
W. Emelgh.... 4 9 10 8 11 9
TYanck 5 9 8 9 10 .. 9 .. 13
Seaver 9 12 13 14 13 13 14 IS 1?
W. White « 5 8 9 «
C. Mohr 7 8 7 8 9
T. Emeigh .67657.. 69
Raynler 7 8 10 8
Duboice 4 8 8 9 9
H. Mohr 5 7 9 .... 8
C. Davis 7 7 < 8 7 » .. .-
Persons 2 7 S 4 6
Bolce 4 « 7 8 5
Andlffred 2357771.. 19
Stanzen 8 8 7 6 9
C. Ryder 0 7 8 »
Miller I.. I 14
Seed 7 11 10 9J10J
"Doc" 6 817 9 .. ..
James .. 7 8 8 10 1 9
gmlth 7 10 10 I U .. .. .. ..
Clifton 3 6 4 .... I 6 7 .. ..
Howard 6 5 7 .. (
Cor. Ith t.Ti& Washing- 715 Market «t.. S P.
ton. Oakland. 402 Third et.. 6. F.
Ccr. ,th And Wood. 244 Elrtb «t.. S. F.
Oakland. #fll Hayes et.. S. F.
entrai ave.. Alameda. Ehattuck ave.. Berk.
I Fine Granulated Sugar
i; I9lbs$i.oo
; | "Spreckels" extra fine dry cane
> sugar, Monday and Tuesday.
; Royal Savon Soap
; io bars 25c
> Full weight pound bars.
', Never fo cheap in the hi6tory of
eoap making. Quality Is every-
Z, thing a good laundry soap should
;be.
I Pearl and Star Coal Oil \
I I 5 g^lon can 95c j
; Elaine Coal Oil |
; 5 gallon can $1.20 X
Standard Oil Company pride !;
brands. i;
Table Claret gallon 25c i; !
Good, palatable wine. No limit. ; !;
Sugar Corn 4 cans 25c :•
Sweet and tender. I;
Fancy Japan Rice pound 5c I
I-arpe. clear kernels. !'
Remains whole in cooking. '
190 pounds 54.73. I
< Extra Fine Parlor Brooms |;
1 ; each 25c I
'•;• Made from selected Eastern '<'<'¦
i<', broom corn. light and durable V
Jz hardwood handles. Regular 40c. <!'!
j | St. Lawrence Port Wine :
\\ gallon 55c ;*
v Healthful end Invigorating. Reg-
<> ular 75c
g Old McBrayer Whisky
|; gallon $2.50
i\' Most famed of all American
<;• whiskies. Regular $3.50.
i<f Coid Brook Cream
!;¦; large can 5c
)i' Sterilizefl and evaporated In hot
i; water. When " it's hard to keep ;
v milk fresh it's well to have on Jz
*', hand a can of "Cold Brook." Reg- <$
J;J[ ular 10c can. !;«;
i; Broken Java Coffee
I; 2 pounds 25c
!; Bupenuions from high grade cbf-
]» fees. Beans are slightly broken.
That's the way it begins. Little things . "For a number of years/I.was troubled '
: disturb you. You are irritable, ; restless with nervousness and dizziness. My .
anci worry over^trifles. Your heart jump* brain was confused and I had a dull pain
and palpitates at every sudden noise, you in the back of my head. Several doc-*
can't concentrate iKyour, mind on your tors failed to help me and then Ibegan
work;;your memory : fails and you do not taking Dr. Miles' Nervine. It braced
deepVwell at night. In the morning you- meup from the very start and I was soon
feel weak and exhausted, wi tii ho appe-' feeling well. Whenever I feel a little off
tite for food and ho ambition -for exertion now, one or two doses put me right'
i of any i kind. Nervous prostration has;no " again."' AV.W.Trowbridge, ,
terrors for those who use q Delta, Ohio.
jjt • Mil^s JN e t via e .
It steps the nervousness, soothes the irritation, quickens the. pulse, stimulates *he ; diges-
tion, induces refreshing -sleep and infuses snap, energy and vigor into the whole system.
Soldi by all druggists on a guarantee. Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elfrhart, ladTHE: S A x3ijAXCISCO C AJL-L-, MO -N DA Y, MARCH 25, 1901;
8
;:; help - \vaxtei>— male — •*?¦??•*:^
•AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... .101 Geary, st.
:'..., RAILROAD WORK •¦•
I ......;..;.... WANTED ........;
Muckers and drillers :..... ..$2 to $2 SO
. -Men to frame tunnel timber »2 j»0
. Teamsters, Ventura County -•*1 '•»
Gang of laborers. Surf ....$lu
Gang of all-round railroad: men, Uklah — $-
Free fare....... ...Ship dally ...Free fare
10 milkers. x different counties $26 and. $3)
6 Swiss milkers..............:..: .126 and $30
2 blacksmiths, country *w and ?"'• )
20 woodchoppers........ $1 £0 a cord
Man and wife, small ranch...... ;...$S0
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...". ...
Chefs.' second cooks, broilers and fry cooks;
10 ' waiters, hotels and restaurants. $23 to
$40;, 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20.
$25 and $30.
Ironers. starchers and washers, : country
laundries. $33 and $40." "
Colared waiter, country hotel, $2j.
C. R. HANSEN- & CO.-.-- ....104 Geary st.
A— WASTED at our Los Angeles offlce, labor-
ers and teariisters.' ranch and dairy help and
laboring men for^all ktnds of unskilled labor:
wages from $17 j to $2 25 a day on all
, kinds of construction and railroad work.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 123% W.
Second st.. Los Angeles, Cal. ;
AN ass'.etant clerk -who has a good voice for*
our office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A-MURRAY & READY..'.. ..Phone Main 5SIS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. ¦
C34-636 Clay St.
-"¦"WANTED— 7 A. M. MONDAY
Free fare.. , Free fare
Ship,.; To-Day .'. - Monday
125 laborers, 8. P. R. R. Co.'s own work,
for section, ballasting, steel and other gangs,
all parts of . California, 5175 to $2 25 day;
25 teamsters and laborers for Los Angeles.
S-ar.ta Barbara and Ventura divisions, $175
and $2 'day; call early with blankets; new
work.
Butcher, country shop... ..$30 and found
Butcher, all-round man. c*ountry...$50 and fd
- 4 - blacksmiths for ranches and shop; 5 men
to pull mustard, f 26 and found; 21 farm
hands; 10 choremen and boys; 8 milkers. $25
to $40 and found; cooks, waiters, bakers and
all kinds of kitchen help wanted. Call down
and read our dally bulletin board. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
[ TWO young waiters, small country hotel, $M
i and found; bellboys, $25 and $15; elevator boy,
• $15 and found. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
" Geary st. - -
JOURNEYMEN Birbers*' International Union
meets to-night S:SO, 32 O'Farrell.. I. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized, union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
YOUNG man as entry clerk in wholesale house:
. must be 'good, rapid penman, accurate at
figures and live at home; applicants falling
to state age and giving references will be
Ignored. Address Entry Clerk, box 2573, Call.
WANTED— Cook partner in restaurant, $75 per
month: $125 required. LUNDIN & CO.. 9C6
Market st.
I WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner to at-
1 tend cash counter, $75 per month; $200 re-
quired. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st
TWO-CHATR barber shop for sale; rent $«:
trial given. Apply DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis st. V
BARBER shop; must sell; owner engaged In
other business. '.Enterprise Hotel, Sixteenth
and Folsom sts.
BARBERS — 3-chalr chop for sals cheap. 1424
Polk st. .
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROg.. 2* Setter at. \ _£
"WANTED — Trustworthy man In wlnehouse for
* tending bar; state nationality. Box 2575, Call.
COAT, pants and vest makers wanted at (33
kearny gt. ". .
MAN to work half d»y each day for board and
lodging. 2759 Mission st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 517 Montgomery
, street. . *
BUTCHER wanted. Apply at Fifteenth and
j Noe sts. ¦ .
BOOTBLACK, steady; wages. 947 Flllmore
street. V
WANTED— Carriage painter; young man with
experience. 933 Brannan St.. near • Ninth.
•TAILOR wanted by the week, or please call
at 12S2 Folsom st. '
2 LUNCH waiters at SS2 Sixth St.
WAITER wanted at 17 and 19 Powell st.
TAILOR wanted at 520 Kearny St., room L
first floor. *
BUTCHER wanted to take orders and assist
In shop. 342 Devlsadero St., near Oak.
COQK and dishwasher wanted at 846 Valencia
street_ ,_J_
MAN who understands nursery. work and Job--
bins gardening. 500 Halght . st.
BARBER— Young man of about & year and a
half experience. Call 167 Ninth st.
BARBER wanted; young man; steady. 113
r Pacific st. , m
WANTED— Good barber for a steady place.
1231 Folsom it. near Ninth.
WANTED — A flrst-clasa cook.-^ 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— A night waiter. B17 Montgomery it.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.' . | . ' ....
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
* to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations. . '
WANTED — Cash ' boys over 14 years of - age'.
Applr at HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market St.
IMMEDIATELY— 2 experienced solicitors; fair
salary: must be of good address; for Saturday
Evening Poet. E9 Columbian building.
WANTED— Blacksmith, with small means to
buy paying place in country. See A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
YOUNG candymaker; small retail: moderate
wages; Eastern man preferred. Box 253S, Call
otflce. ' " -
WANTED— Young man to learn cigar making:
4 to 6 weeks required; steady work and good
pay .when learned; tuition $23. 247 Fifth St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that EdRolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS alt Invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
' back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second--
hand shoes for sale; SOc up; drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price. '562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CAPABLE machine hand for furniture factory.
3071 Seventeenth st," near Folsom.
$75 — PARTNER In • restaurant, $30 month and
' board : no experience necessary! 496 Fourth.
WANTED— A" good bedmaker. Dewey House.
32 East st. | ' ¦'
BUSHELMAX wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 713 Market st. -, j
WAITED— 100 men to take . rooms, . 10c, 15-j and
2Cc. Boston House. 930 wward st. ¦ ¦
WANTED— First-class bartender. Apply at IS
:¦ post • st.-;;- ¦:.-:. ¦.. ¦¦-. ¦ , • - .
COATMAKER wanted; steady work. 3Ci«
Twenty- f ourth : st. >
CHEAP, for cash, 3-chalr shop. Including Hv-
.r Ing rooms; trial given. # 323 Kourth st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; In Peta-
luma. Address D. WHITE, Petaluma, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue, mailed
free. ; S. F. . Barber College. 741A Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs used In this college. |
GET your shoes half-soled while waltine; 23c
¦ to SOc. , £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 1C0O men to try best 10c & 15c meals
In city. 410 Kearny st. The Maine Restaurant.
WANTED— Experienced' ladles' taHor; perma-
: nent; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— Two-chair shop, doing $35 per
'. week. 394^Sixth st. -'
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard "& Co.. old reliable
.-;*< firm. - 806 - Market, room ¦ 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
*,ket— 700 rooms, "25c night; reading-rooms; free-
: 'bus a*d. baggage to and from ferry.
A' BRANCH '6t flee for Call advertisements Mil
. subscriptions has been established at 1058
. Valencia st. ' *•'' -
* j:i HOUSES . AMI ' \VA*UO.\S."
A CONSIGNMENT from Hon. M. Biggs Jr.,
Oroville, of. driving, work and saddle horses:
.: also well-broke polo pony. At FRED H.
.CHASE ! & CO.'S. 17J2 Market st.
40 i: HORSES - for " sale: also ¦< wagons. ' buggies.
, carts, harness. Grand Arcade i Hone Market.
. ' 327 : Sixth st. ; • auction sales every J Wednesday.
.: SULLIVAN & DOYLE. "Auctioneers. .
GLOBE -.Horse -Market— Ho»ses < for sale; also
i :', matched tea ma, ; 28 Twelfth St. . .-
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and ¦House-'
cleaning Co., best, help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Pqjk; tel. Larkin 2391
JAPANESE and } Chinese help of all Kinds;
cooks, waiters and -house servants. GEO.
| AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 1S5. ;
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
.JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & "employ-'
i ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
1 RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
; flee; all kinds help. -315 Stockton: Main 5188.
I ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment offlce —
Best help. - £26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Best help, nv.j O'Farrell gt; tel. East 426. '
EMPLO VSIEXT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT German woman with a child d"e^
. sires situation; good cook and housekeeper;
reference; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girls desire
situations; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN,, 325 Sutter st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a position cook-
ing and assisting in housework; no washing;
moderate wages. ; Please call at 409 Minna
st. ; no postals. ' - .
RESPECTABLE German lady, good cook,
wiehes position as housekeeper, city or coun-
try. Cair 68-76 Ellis st., room S3, between 1
and 3 o'clock; ¦ , -
COMPETENT young German woman would i
like to go out by the day or week as nurse
to Invalid. Addreis O. K., box 2572. Call.
CAPABLE woman wants work by , the day;
washing or house cleaning: good references. '
Call or address. A. N., 62 Tehama St. -
EXPERIENCED lady wishes a situation as
.chambermaid or In bakery as saleslady; ref-
erences given. Address box 2574. Call office.
A NEAT girl wants to do general housework
and olain cooking. Call at 422. Tehama St.,
above Fifth. : ¦ <*.',*¦ ,
GERMAN girl as maid and seamstress or light
chamber work and sewing; no postals. 102,
South Park. • ' - '
GERMAN girl as chambermaid or waitress;
fln?t-class references; no postal*. 102 South
Park. '¦ ¦--'¦¦. ¦'--- ¦ - '. - - :_¦¦- -'¦
A GOOD cook wishes a. situation to do general
.housework;- no oostal cards an«wtr»d. - Call
at 1142 Howard st. ' * . ; :
GOOD woman, wishes -work by the day; Is a
good washer and ironer and housecleaner. Ad-
dress 312 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS . German cook; fine references;
from New York. MRS. SMEIZEH, Ahlborn
House, 321 Grant ave.
YOUNG" married lady ; would exchange light
work for two housekeeping rooms; reference-!
, exchanged. • Address box 2352, Call offlce.
SITUATION to do general housework In city;
wages $20; give address I will call."- Box 25,
Call offlce. .¦-¦,¦••¦--'-
RELIABLE woman wishes position . as cook
in country boarding-house. Address box 2555,
Call: office. 4 - :
A : LADY desires room mate; a worker on*
gontlemen's sewing preferred. Address M.;
1S41 Mission St.;-. . .-
POSITION wanted by German lady as lady's
, maid or take care of : children and sewing:
beat . references. Call or address 2032 Stelner.
NURSE would like the care of a lady or gen-
tleman Invalid. SARAH COLL. Fruitvale.
TWO young girls -wish positions to do ,up-
stairs work. | Apply 156 Second st. ',---:•
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Call 1122 Rhode Island, near 23d.
WANTED— By elderly American woman, light
housework; . good plain cook. -Address 70J
.. Twenty-seventh* St., Oakland. ' '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; Jl 50 to $6
week; ' convenient and ¦ respectable; free; 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. •-¦ •' ;-' '
CLASSIFIED ¦ advertisements and subscriptions
received; at CaM branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; . Eubscriptlons . has been ' established at 1096
.Valencia »t. - • \
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
* Call. 16 pages, sent to . any address In the
United. States or Canada cne year. for $1. :
; v EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A, THOROUGH gardener (German) desires po-
* sltlon; can furnish references from -home and
abroad. Address B. R.. box 2571, Call office.,
FLORIST,-, age ' 23,- wishes position In store or
greenhouse; 5 years' experience In the East.
Address F. W. E., care of 265',4: Natoma at.
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
general office work; good: at figures; city or.
,', country; moderate salary. : Box .2382,- Call. ''
BARBER, first-class, wants steady job In good
;¦ country town.: Address Call. - ,
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
good,- steady, .reliable ¦¦ man Is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
er; willing, to _ make- himself " useful In \ any
> capacity-; gcod references. , ¦ Address ¦ box 1434 '
¦ Call'Offlce.v.; ;::--.- _.;_-_ ,.-.
SALESMAN, 25, commanding German, French
;:and. English, traveled , 12 years calling on
paint, drug and manufacturing; trade," wants
". position --< with mercantile » or manufacturing
concern only; highest . credentials. Box 2500.
Call offlce. - % - -
WANTED— By a retiring hotel-keeper, aged
40. -a situation as- Interpreter • In a 'hotel on
.the Pacific: Coast: speaks all languages; best
of references. Sterling, care U.'S. Consulate,
j Shanghai. ; ¦ ¦,-:X~*~r.:,:^ ":>;¦'.-,-
YOUNG man wants situation as porter In hotel
; or., institution ; or . private f place ¦ for.: house .or
garden : work; handy i with tools; . good ; refer- '
ences.R. KESSEL, 525 Kearny st.:
COACHMAN ideslres- a thoroughly
; understands. his business in all its branches.
,,: As to references ; and \ qualifications' address
! ¦ C.S.. 2116 Point ¦ LoboB.ave.;v:-. .-'':". --.-,'."¦> .'<¦.¦...;.¦•¦
SITUATION f wanted '¦ by ! single, sober,-' reliable
r : coachman ;. for • good ; ; private <• place ; ¦/, willing,
"obliginsr;- speaks German;, references. "Box
;2y9. Call "office. .-'¦.':---¦. ' . . , '.."
STRONG i young » man, * married, ; wishes ; work
In store, or: factory/ where he can make hi m-
:; self generally; useful.';-, Box 2549,* Call of flce.T !
MARKER and j distributer : steady j posl-
, tlon: < best - of ; references: '« Oakland a preferred.
¦i-j Box 220S, - Call office," Oakland. ; *
WANTED— By young man,* place on fruit farm
u - or ranch f: for ;hls health;' healthy locality.
¦Box ; 2540.' Call ' office,--* *-•• " '..¦.- v;' ¦ .:*¦ : ' ..
COLORED man i and i wife Iwlsh situations in
. ;_; the ; country j as ' cooks. % Box 2C26. 'r Call t office/
, CLASSIFIED I advertisements and ' subscriptions
; received at Call : branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A .BRANCH offlce for Call --advertisements and
eubscriptlons has , been ; established - at - 1038
.- Valencia' st."- ..-; - :¦ ¦":-. ; :¦* ; ;.¦: ?.*•« .. ' ¦ : ¦-. ¦
-'.; ; %' jFEATllKn jriLLOWS. 'T/ ¦ :
HOTELS : and spartiesTwlshing ¦ to
their s feather * pillows t cleaned '. and \ renovated
i ,; by^ the ? latest < sanitary ; process may,- address
1 FEATHER FACTORY/ 214 SUveaaoa «C , ;
FLATS TO ; LET. ; ' .
A^367rTsBcTEEm*H^
and ! bath ; J north side; with pretty; garden. .¦
A— 30 1 DAYS : free; clean 1 5- room ; I reduced to $5.
- ,' 250 ..Tehama St."; r near j. Third." - <
NEW.: flat of 5. rooms and; bath; rent $20. .- Cor.
; (Thirteenth and Woodward ave: '
SUNNY; flat of 4 rooms; rear of 115"Leaven-
. worth st. .". ¦: • -.-'...'.'¦ ' ¦-¦¦¦"-.•*.'¦ •¦*-
TO let— Sunny, upper flat, .four rooms and bath.
"19 'Julian. ave.' ¦ . • " '-' ' ' ; ,
7, SUNNY, room, flat, "bath; all; modern. Corner
.rlSth' and 'Howard sts.: rent $27 50.
$1*— NEWLY renovated flat of 8 . rooms. 623
s: Minna st. . • . " - . ..'• - ¦¦
$25— THIRD flat; sunny. 6 rooms and bath.
4159 Twentieth St.. near- Castro. ;
FLATS TO LKT--.KIJKSI3 HSU.
A" NEW flat; new furniture;- sunny oil sides:
rent reasonable; going East. WILLIAM
"BUTTERFIKLD. roo;n 42. Phelan building. -¦:
A NICELY furnished flit of 4 rooms and .bath;
corner Fifteenth : nnd Guerrero sts.: rent rea-
sonable; references. 1804 Fifteenth st.
KUH.\ ITUIlli; : KOH SALE.
SNAP-Elrgant furniture of sunny upp^r new
flat. 6 rooms, bath and gas fireplace; fine lo T
cation: rent $20:only used 3 months. C. D.
PA RISH. t 1033. Market st. >
FOR sale— 8-room furniture cheap. 649 Sacra-
•m(nto..«t.' ; ."-'.. - ¦¦-'¦'-'
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. M4S 50. with ' No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUHNITUItE WASTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 13C5 Larkin: tel.Polk 634:
furniture jefurn'd houses- bought; spot cash.
IP you want to sell furn., rndse-.^etc, see J.'A.
Munro & Co. 240 ; Stockton st. ; tfl. Jamea 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2245 New, Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive- highest value for furniture,' carpets,
etc., see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CIIAS. LEVY buys ' your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1133 Market St.; tel. Jessie <61. ,
A. WOLLPERT,- 773 Mission St.," pays • highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Re,d 13.11.
1IKL1» WASTED—^FEMALE.
ATC.R. HANSEN & CO.'S^ Phone Grant 1&3 \
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT .
. 2 waitresses, springs.. $20 and fare paid
Waitress, Colusa $20 and fare paid
* Waitress, short distance $23
W&ltress, Menlo Park .X20
-Waitress, Redwood City ..$20
- 'Waitress,-, eating-house 525, free fare
10 waitresses, city . :......... $20
I 2 waitresses, restaurcnt.fa 50, no Sunday work
2 lunch tvaitresses. no Sunday work 60c
Chambermaid, light work $20
2 chambermaids to wait. • city $20
I Scrubber, store, 8 to 6 ..$t a.day
Scrubber, institution ..'..$20
Scrubber, restaurant $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.....
Cook. German style, 2 in family... ........ .J35
German cook .'. $30
Infant's nurse .......'. ..$20
2 girls, light place, together....... $12 to $16
House girl, Alameda ....'.,......$20
5 second girls ..$20
SO house girls, city nnd country $10 to $30
C. R. •¦ HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary- St.
A^-4 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids for summer
resort, $20. C. It. HANSEN & CO.,' 104 Geary.
A — WANTED — Lady shanxoooers for springs.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.— PHONE MAIN 1375
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, commercial hotels, $25. fares
¦ paid; 2 waitresses, same hotel, near city, $20;
8 .waitresses," city and country, $20; 2 wait-
resses, mining town, $20, see party here, fares
. paid;- 2 restaurant waitresses $6, no Sunday
.work; 3 chambermaids, country, ?20, fares
paid; 2 chambermaids to wait, country, see
party here, fares paid ', woman housecleaner,
springs, ?25, fare paid.
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Nurse, baby, $25; French second girl, choice
place, $20; nurse who can sew, grown child,
$20; many others. ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
3 NEAT young. ladies for retail" store; no ex-
perience necessary; $1 day. • MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 235 Geary st.
WANTED— The employing public to call at
, 1073V4 Market St., Pacific Coast Employment
. Agency, for reliable help. Do you want a
good servant, cook, chambermaid, nurse, gov-
erness, amanuensis, housekeeper, maid, maid
of all work, reader, coachman, gardener, farm
hand; special help? We will furnish you with
-help. Call to-day, register your want.'- We
furnish reliable help; ring us up: tel. How-
ard 1626; call or write. 1073% Market, 3. r. '
MEN. OR:, WOMEN ................................
*:.::..-. Paid Big' Commissions -._<-.."..,...
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
*'PANY. 21 Spear at. . -,
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' tailor suits;
competent help only; good wages. S. KRA-
MER, 220 Powell st. ¦
NEAT girl for upstairs -work and assist -with
¦ baby;, wages- $15. 2520 Green St., . between.
\;i Scott and Devisadero.
I APPRENTICE girl on coats; paid while learn-
i Ing. -H. -DAVIS. 119 Russ st. ..-¦
GOOD finisher on custom vests; $12 a week.
1 622 Clay st. , room 16A. . " •
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 106 Battery st.
IMMEDIATELY— Elderly lady for housework;
, good home; fair wages. -312 Fourth St. .*. ;¦¦
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
. $20. Apply 514 Devlsadero st. .
GIRL wanted for housework. 1020B Folsom St.,
third floor." : -. :.--¦'¦¦'- ¦ '.
YOUNG : Klrl for grown children and sewing.
1234 Post st. Monday, between 9 and 12.
A GIRL -to do : light housework; sleep home.
120 Twelfth st. -
¦WANTED— A young girl to. do general house-
work; need not cook. 1S31 Eddy st.
AVANTED— Finisher on . pants; steady Work.
Call this a. m. at 933 Market St., room 10.
WANTED— Waist and shirt hands. 14 Grant
ave., room 64. j . ;•
WANTED— Girl to - assist In housework. 1014
Jackson st., bet. Mason ; and ; Taylor.
WANTED — Girl for general . housework. 213
Hayes st.
AVANTED— Button sewers on shirts. • LEA'l
STRAUSS & CO., S«',i Fremont St.; apply
¦ to ; Mr. Hlndshaw. • ¦¦-..;
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
steady .work; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st. .;
AVANTED— Alteration hands In cloak and suit
department; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box. 2561, Call office.-: :•
EXAMINERS wanted on shirts. " Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests. BELASCO
| & HARRIS CO.. £41' Market st.
i OPERATORS on. gents' whljte shirts. 635 Va-
| lencia ; st/ , \
I WOMAN, capable of managing and directing
P employes; references.- Box 2556, Call offlce. >
EXPERIENCED . operntor on underskirts;
.steam power; good pay. A. Aaron, 579 Mission.
OPERATOR on' waiters' coats; 'steady- work..
Power factory. £36 Clay St.," upstairs.
.WAITRESS at 630 Brannan st. /
PANTS finishers: steady work. 858 Howard, be-
vtween Fourth and Fifth, over handball court, i
EXPERIENCED salesladies for. milliner}" will !
:» pay highest -, wages. ' 130 Sixth Bt. ; .'
WANTED- : -Flrst-c>ass 'button hole maker, on
¦ - coats, i 135',4 Natoma,; near New : Montgomery.
WANTED— Girl ': to do general cleaning In a
'; restaurant. 25 Taylor st. ., ; ;¦ .
AMBITIOUS representatives everywhere. $20
.weekly. : N.Y. C. C, ; 1206 Market.' oflce'ft. !
FIRST-CLASS on pants;, no other i
need • apply, ' 225*4 Minna st. .;,"
WANTED— First-class- tailoress . on . vests. 604
V' Merchant ' st.; room ? 15. •:
WANTED— Finisher on ladles' - tailoring. 524
Post st. ?i^^SSfi^j8»HSMSBS99SB
WA NTED-Smart young lady for shooting gal-
;- lery. 515 Pacific st. % .>..'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
[•¦, received at ¦ Call ; branch * offlce. ¦ 2200 Fillmore.
A' BRANCH; offlce for. Call advertisements and
¦*. v subscriptions , has ' > been ¦ established at 1096
'•£ - Valencja*st. r '--*-'-''" ¦'-•"¦ '*^ ------ ¦-¦ ¦->¦¦--¦ -,.---
; ; ; ? help; av anted— male.
A--WANTED 2 : £\v.7.'i:..;u. V..V .. .:..::V.'.'.: \
¦ :; Driver j for 'milk -• wagon;:. ...;.".$30 and : found
;'¦¦ Driver .for t grocer}',' house.:'...'.: .".$10 'a- week
I -; 3 '. milkers," country.'. ..'.". . ... .T.. .;."... .•. ... ."*;.-. J3o
. Milker; and " farm • work,*. instltutlon.r..$25 '& • fd
-.'4 'farmers,: different' jobs... .....,'. ..,$25 and $28
Gorman ; farm? laborer^'.*V.*f."TTr:"r.;. •".;.•-.¦'.¦.. ..-.$20 i
•'; Butcher.';Country;shopI.-..$25 to $30 and found i
I Neat? choreman, j near ..- clty.~r.T^.r ?*.".." ~.'.\ .'.$25
'¦J Hostler, b livery ; stable;. ~. . r.'.v. .".$30 ; and : found
.;• Single-hand I miner.".*. 1 ; .'r.*.T."".V:. ":.•.'.. C.$2 a* day
j% 2 ! woodchoppers,"-; San Mateo . County. .... . . .". . . .
¦¦:.& Walter.*:- boardlng-houge. / city :......: .'. ; . . ;-. .$25
*¦' Choreman t for .ranch .*;.. "..... ...... .$15
» Stock ; sawyer ; for -furniture*, factory .".$2 a day
;, : ' y; ; W. D. EWER & CO.;, 610 Clay/st. ¦*.
ELDERLY S man V: to s make i himself % useful 'Tt
'¦;-• hotel. ¦% Jefferson 'Hotel,' Broderlck and Jeff er-
: -.,SOniEtS.'; ; .. ; -- ¦_.-¦-'¦.- :•;;-;,•.{.- ;/-..,..'.;.V.- ; .. i . x ; 1 .,
TAILORS ' wanted by, S. '- N.' -WOOD & CO. ;
' : good .wages. ¦¦ Apply, at factory, 27 Geary, st. . '
COATMAKER on , custom .work. - H. HILP. 1O«
St.; -'; ¦ :: t - ¦ ;¦ .r..- -. • " ¦..¦„; - . .- !
m'Sf-VKSS cn.WCreS— Cnwtlnnrii.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business:
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, ltim-
. l>er stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
OUTRIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Huslness office. *
- * . — — —
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business offlce. ' N
HOTEL dining-room to rent, furnished; cen-
tral location: -good house; rent in board. Ar-
lir.Rtoa Hot*-!, Ninth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. Cal.
A CHANCE to «»cure that fin* large store
now b-.'iMine at 313 O'Karrell St.. near SJa-
Kon. Awcly 13 Grant ave.
tl'iii— HARGAIN for •$17.*>: restaurant for sale.
Including 4 rooms, furnished, on account of
*iekneE«: rent tl5. Address "7u Stevenson £t.
FlflST-CLA.SS «a'.oon and liquor store, cheap
at !2000: must be sold; owner going East: nu
I agents. Box 242S, Call.
j \V3;LL-EPTB. restaurant on a cross street; no
reasonable offer refused. Box 20C8. Call.
RESTAURANT for *<tl<=: doing good bUHiness;
r<?nt che£p; r,C6 Hov.xrU St.. near First.
j FIRST-CLASS tailcr business fcr sale at a
1 bargain. Box 2CSZ. Call office.
FOR rert— Hotel .In San Miguel, Cal. WM.
VON VOSS. CIO Lyon st
LARGE inside route on this paper .for eale.
Apply Business offlce. . *
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 8-ROOM flat: downtown; very sunny: must
¦ell; fine bargain. DECKER. 1010 Market st.
16 ROOMS: comer: fine for transient J1000
32-room house: clears $200 *.... ltfOO
10 rooms on Eddy Et., near Market .' 500
14 room on Third et.-, near Market 550
14 room? on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent JM; clears $150 10C0
24 rooms; north of Market; clears |200 2000
T! rooms; just furnished; very fine 2S00
14 rooms on Geary st.; clears $135 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears |300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
83-roo-n houw: clears $S00 60C0
ISO-room boarding-house; clears J800 5000
R-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 325
*4 vacant houses to rent.
; DOC other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price J100 to
' f^O.OCiO;- abstract furnished free with, every
! house sold. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.,
| opposite Fifth; phone Mint 1%.
! ATTENTION. SELLERS!
| Ll^t your house, store, saloon, city or country
I r«*al estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I warit no contract. DECKER,
ic:o Market st., opp. Fifth; phone Mint 79G.
[a •• :....'. A
1 MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
¦ 719 Market st.. by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
10 rooms; transient; oak furniture, fine
tapestry carpets; i_ei,tral; rent $50 $700
14 rooms; one floor;, brick; nice; sunny.. 550
21 rooms: snap; housekeeping; rent $40;
clears $33; on principal etreet..... 400
15 rooms; rent $30; clears $40; leaving city:
full; wool mattresses; oak • furniture... ZCO
U rooms: fashionable boarding-house; In-
come J27J; sunny, clean end nice. ....... 10C0
20 rooms; clean; elegant, central; tran.. 1100
18 rooms; see this house before buying.. 1000
42 rooms; a fine husintss proposition; all
officer; clears $200 a month 3750
18 rooms: 2 houses of 6 flats, furnished
for housekeeping; flne; steady roomers. 1200
65 roo:ns; fine corner; downtown: bargain. S750
10 rooi-ns; on Sutter. ritar bis hotels: new
furniture: cost J14H0: \-ery fine 1000
24 rooms; S efflces pay. all of the rent...\ 1600
10 rooms; fine: Lsavenworth st.; rent $50. 6M
18 rooms; money-maker; steady roomers.. 900
Several city hotels; first and second class.
MRS. A. CAMERON &- CO..
S50 Market et.* and S Stockton st.. rooms 21,
22, 23, plior.e Bush 328.
: If you wish to buy or sell rooming-houses
' or business chances call and 6ee large list
of barralns. Partial list below.
. 33 rooms — Ellis »t.: rent $150; good per-
manent and transient house; fine carpets, fur-
niture and hair mattresses; price $3500; fine
location.
26 rooms— Golden Gate cor.; rent $100; price
$1«.V); apartment house ; rooms light, sunny;
carpets and furniture good condition.
J» rooms — O'Farrell St.; rent $35; price $700:
carpets and furniture, new; good location; all
rented.
24 rooms-— Fifth Et.. corner; rent $57 50r fur-
niture hard wood; rays J70 per month over
expenses. *
16 rooms on Howard St.; rent $50; clears $40.
8 rooms on Folsom tt.; rent "ila; price $275.
Public stenographer;. Inventories and legal
papers written at reasonable rates.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
l! rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
II rooms, only J200 cash, balance pay-
ments M0
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
SELECT your house Iron, largest list In town.
9 rooms; elegjmt; must sell... .* J45O
11 rooms; Golden Gate; cheap rent 450
20 rooms ; newly furnlFhed; only ..". 525
S^ rooms: a big money-maker !KK)
. 116 rooms; a fine. m>Iern house; easy pay-
ments. Hundreds io c!ioose from. Also board-
ing-houses. Pee our special bargain list be-
fore buying. Walter Hayes & Co., 83S Market.
$S0O— LODGING-HOUSE: good location: cheap
rent: good furniture; clear $7S month: make
offer to-day. Apply LUXDIN & CO.. 9C6
Market st.
$700— HOUSE; choicest location city; 10 rooms;
elegant furniture, value in sight, $850: sells
at wtoriSce this day on account "of sickness.
LUNIJIN. & CO., .906 Market at.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms; Jones st.; part cash $S.'O
20 rooms; rent $S0; onlv i?v>
25 room*: corner: rent $S0 1159
26 rooms; rent $50 (lease) 173a
60 rooms: rent S10O: central 2500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to BMlt ever?' buyer: this offlce is licensed;
I am established since 1822; I loan money to
buyers; general •atlsfactlon guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. -,-
¦ Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St. ; teL Jessie 1S99.
45 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde; very, finely furnished CM
20 rooms: rent $50% location desirable..... SOC
If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or south of Market et.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them in any part of the city and at
*•"— price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth gt. '
$1700 — 48 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: north of Market St.;
bargafn. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market.
FOR sale — Rooming-house, 13 rooms. S97 Ellis
et.; (no agents).
FOR sale— A 6-room' furnished house; nice
home: rent $25. 16U Bush «t.
SPIRITUALISM.'
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests. '-¦¦llintE your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will m&rry: the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or ' write, with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market St., opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice - in
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the Eeparate.d; mining a speciarty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Resid. <no signs), 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life re»der, .medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough, EHis car.
JOHN SLATER-Clrcle to-night.. S:15; sittings
10 to 4. 1S09 Stockton St., near Greenwich.
DR. Mansey. Eastern occult scientist and Hln-
| doo palmist; names given. 1 7th, cor. Market.
MKS. LESTER— Readings SOc; circles every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. LOUISE S. .DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 205 Larkin st.
: CLAIR VOYAVTS.-
MME. SANDERS, 1130 Market St., the world's
greatest clairvoyant; ten questions answered
for $1. One man asked her ten questions
and made - $lC00; another sold 3000 shares . of
011 stock: another sold a hotel; another got
a ?13C0 position; a mother found a lost daugh-
ter: a widow married a rich ' lav.-yer. I can
answer any question. I tell you what; to do
for a living; name/the winning, horses; give
lucky numbers; unite the separated; find lost
property ; reveal your enemies; : teach ;. mind
vibration, so that you can : reach > ¦ persons
hundreds of miles away; read your < hands,
face, head and Innermost thoughts. Call . or
inclose lock . of : hair and stamped envelope.
Mediums developed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located ' at 12Ca Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take .elevator.*; Perfect : satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for -. para-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
I E enta -H: Palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50.' 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, ¦ mining, ; law-
gults. 26H Kearny. t. S, 6; hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
ISMAR. the Egyptian sypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
ttb; private readings dallyMO a. m. to 5 p. m.
HORSES AND ,\VAGON9.r
PAIR ' very fln« roach horses. 7 and 8 year*
old; full brothers; IT hands M inch high. Can
be seen at Government stables. Fort «ilasor.,
.foot of Van Ness ave.
VICTORIA.- six-aeater. . wagonette, phaeton;
good condition: bpst makers; also basement
with 40 stalls to let. 24 Golden Oaje ave.
S. F. VETERINARY Collcse will commence Its
3<1 session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
¦ M. L. Pancoaat. -we.. »io Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Nine-rasseng»>r wajion. 3 Montgom^
ery st. or 1340 East Fourteenth st.. Oak!an<1.
A— 100 Prrrs ttt-cond-hand harness : wagons.
carts, buggieg. Surrey?, hornes. 1140 Folsom.
GOOD basiness horses, wascon hor«e».
light, fast pacers and trotter*. 711 Hots ;rl
AN A No 1 express wagon, single. h1»o itl^ht
camping wagon, for wale cheap. !Vtt M'.-^lon.
HOUSE5KTO LET.
¦A— PRINTED LIST House* to let;'-wn>1 for cir^
¦ culnr. G. H. VMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BT'SII. V!V) — Sunny hniis.. of 8 rooms and bath;
yunl: 137 ZC: water free.
JI1— 3-ROOAI hou^e and l>arn. Laurel ave., near
Turk ami Buchanan stg.
UOliSK:* TO 1,KT KlHt.Ms|lt:i).
A— SO-ROOMED fttnti*tt«d hour»e for sale"or~to
let: newly furnished. 1006 Pine st.
MODERN hon!»e elegantly furnished: 7 roornj.
bath. Call 1711 ~Webster gt., 10 to 12.
HOUSES AVAJITKD. ~
"WEST of Van Ness ave.. north of Geary st. •
unfurnished house, 10 to 12 rooms: one wtth
••table preferred. Call or address rocm Ml.
Phelan building.
f MOUSES FOR SALE.
MODERN house; 9 rooms, near ParitTWar
; lines; bargain; part cash; no agents. Owner
box 2468. Call offlce.
"COST A.ND KOC"%O.
LOST-Left "in" Narrow-gauge Depot. Saturday
evenlne, package cloth wrapped In blue pa-
per, contalnlns two pieces. Heward J2 50 on
return to .MADISON. BliXJCE & SELLERS.
3t Steuart at.
LOST — Diamond scarfpin, crescent shape: lost
between Howard and Steuart sts. and Tanfo-
ran racetrack. Return to NE. cor. Howard
and Steuart sts". : suitable reward.
"Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD trold, silver, diamonds and precious stone*
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MEDICAL.
DPw AND MRS. DAVIES. ITS Market, ladles 7
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb r»medy; & reliabl*
treatroeiit superior to any other; positive cut*
guaranteed at offlce: patients treated can re-
turn same «?ay; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for th« Hindoo Herb Horn »
Treatment: harmless; consultation free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 23 yr».*
successful practice;, guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any ailment: home before and durin-r
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larktn.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market— Private hom»
for patients before and during confinement:
¦well known; implicit confldence: reliable.
DR. and MRS. KOHL, ladles'- specialists, re-
moved to 1123 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
ALL female comslainta -relieved at once: ex-
perience of 37 yrs. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny.
I MRS. r>. ALLEN 1 — Remored to 1113 Market St.,
i bet. Taylor and M«<*nn: la<1le«' «*n#riallst.
> .MATIlIMONIALl
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, T)9 Ellis st.
MATTRKSgBil AND IHHOi.sTKHV.
"MATTRESSES and upholstery; t~?L South 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 313-ro Eleventh st.
MISCELLASKOL* FOR SALE.
- ,, J ui AA .x ... i. L-urx- - - - ¦ .^..^,-
BOILERS, engines, Zd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont ft.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second band: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
¦ NOON AN. 1U17, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
SUITABLE for a wedding present — A beautiful
box containing 13 solid silver tablespoons, 13
teaspoons, 12 forks and 3 other pieces of fancy
•silverware, to b« sold for Us Intrinsic value
In silver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A — BUYS, 'sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boflerw. water plpea, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
MODERN-MAKE sealskin Jacket for J10O: al-
most brand-new and cost In any fur stors
$200. "UNCLE HARRJS, 13 Grant ave.
FOR sale — 10 h. p. engine and boiler, rock
crusher and COO-gallon sprinkler. Apply Mount
Olivet Cemetery, near Colma.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California.
A— 15 AND 23 h. p. boiler; 8 h. p. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
A — 20-TON Howe "wagon scale: compound
beam. Apply at 21S California st.
BLACK cocker spaniel pups; price reasonable.
43 Albion ave., near Fifteenth st.
GAS engine. 1 horsepower. J75. Seen runnlns
at shirt store, 533 Valencia st.
SMALL sticker. In good shape, cheap. H. S.
WHITE. 51S Mission st.
FOR sale— Billiard table In good condition.
Apply at 1551 Broadway. Oakland.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-handj
all sizes; guaranteed. NewelU M Bluxotne.
FOR sale at a bargain : fine yacht S3 feet ldnff
(complete). W. H. CAMPBELL. Sausallto.
TYPEWRITERS, *d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines an-t
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mairtc lantern gootfs
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st. ,
SAfES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THB
"WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market 8t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
.-.^...—^~— ~^^.. .- ,..¦¦*,..., ., ..,.,. .,....«.,.,... ,,,,,
AN aelolan orchestrelle: no objection to on«
slightly used; price not to e*xceed $1000 or un-
der; -pay cash. Box 2341. C5.ll odce.
WANTED— Gordon setter bitch; young or old.
, Box 254S. Call office. .
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dies', gents' clothing. 134, 9th; teL Folsom 25:2.
BECOND-HAND steam, cas and electric ma-
chinery wanted. 204 Mission st.. near Main.
MOAEY TO LOAN.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to cay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90G Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
..; IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MtJRPHY,
SCO Market st. Loans on estates tn probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages an $ securities. Room 1C. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount' at 6%: first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and ' legacies bought; no d>-
lay; get my Urms before doing business else-
where. . R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable, private place trf obtain
liberal advances on diamond!, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. . by prlrat*
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTIIAL. 10 Sixth:
highest . price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker.
*£*: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room S3.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILIv rra. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; tv> up: no removal:
no commission^ private. Rocm SI. ( EdJy st,
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city. country. 6%. "nndl-
vided lnta. : estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLET CO.. 221 Parrott building.
S10O.00C TO loan on real estate or for building;
• lair rate. 222 Sansexne st. . room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser: S. . K. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bl*.
"MO.VEY WANTED. ~~
WANTED— $30,000 on valuable city real estatt;
interest 7 oer cant. Box 2370. Call "of flea.
i ¦¦¦¦¦¦Mm ¦'lil—nart Ii — 1,», n.iMMimirtfhi I- ¦'¦* ..-..
I CLAIftVO VAATS-— Contlntiod.
i MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS /
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the i
futur". If you are in trouble, discontented, un-'
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, .love or business troubles, consult thia •
great medium and you will be told how to ]
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs j
of life*; 2ic up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. |
JIME. ARXDT, the great clairvoyant, tells I
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees Kc up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215»4 Sixth st.
MME LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. -172 Stevenson, cor. Sixth.
MME. HAXSONY palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future: 25c. 148 Sixth et., r. 14.
MME. ZEItEDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL, -well-known clairvoyant, watei
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tcl.Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clalrvovant. card reader;
sittings dally. 44S"<2 Jessie st., bet t.th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no ray; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advicfi.; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAItPKT HKATIXCi AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-3o7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CITY "Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth st. ;. tel. Jessie 944.
J. K. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth 6t.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Ft. ;
tel. Main 33*. GEO. WAIX7OM; Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown -nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGeTw! KELLT'S A gene y^No cliarg^ un'
less successful. Room 310,. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
3 BROAD'S place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkin— Sunny cottage of 5 rooms; water free.
COTTAGES FOIIJ5 ALE.
FOR sale cheap — Nice bay-window cottage. 7
Chenery St., near Thirtieth.
COUNTRY COTTAGKS.
TO rent — Cottage and lots bearing fruit trees,
etc.; suitable for chickens or rabbltry: near
Kan Leandro car line; rent. very reasonable
'to right party; also furnished cottage at Ben
Lomond. For further particulars Inquire at
MISS PREDMORE'S. 1304 Webster St.. Oakld.
DKXTISTS.
AT.theAELEXrrR^DENtA^^u'^C^^War-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide..' you can
ha\e your extractions done, painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
tllO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to Z
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. . M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
an.J tillinnK- extractions or "fillings * by . my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
rheap'bt and guaranteed; lady 'attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreli et.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 60: fillings.
&Cc; plates. $r>: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago, Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.- nr. Eleventh
»-N'o charge for extracting when plates ars
made; old plates made over like nev/; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, iiOc; gas; srlven.
THE New York Dentist* have moved to 963
M'nslcn St.. cor. Sixth. . Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult; plate work solicited;
positive painless. extraction, 60c.
MEYER. 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor," 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, J4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. W A LSH, 815»i Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain.'
less extraction 50c;plates J5 up;phone PolklI3o.:
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. .
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evening and Sun-
days. 1001 Market si., corner Sixth.
SET cf teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
nn ESSMA KKRS A NO SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking .'¦ and>: Millinery
School— Special class rates; patterns cut to
order. 1019 Market st. .. ¦ •: ¦ f. , ?
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
Attention. • 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt."
• EDUCATIONAL.
AYUES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; JS per month; JDO life scholarship
gunrantees a complete business education, in-
¦ cludfns the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship,, etc.; .positions' se-
curedtor graduates; catalogue. ..
GALLAGHER-MARSH College.' Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.-
Gallagher, expert court ' reporter, „: teacher ¦ of
phorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course,. $50; catalogue.
H EALD'S IJUS1NESS COLLEGE, 24 ¦ Post St..
8. F.— Bookkeeping., shorthand, \ typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical : and mining ; engineering,' etc. : day
. and night se»«lons; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
; school for^the university, law and t medical
r colleges ij-yeferences. President ¦ Jordan or. any
¦ Stanford ; firofegsor. Phelan building.
'CALIFORNIA- BUSINESS 'COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
¦ ran therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
. tions to , all its graduates. -? 3C5 Larkin ¦¦ st. - .
ENGINEHRING— Civil,' elec..mlnlng,mech.,sur-
. - voy,' a» say, cyanide; day. eve. ; ent.lSG4." Van
:.-, der.'.Nalllen; School. 113 I-^lton, nr/City? Halt
A FULL' course in ' Ellis ; bookkeeping and l th(j
Gregg- shorthand ; costs only. $C0. • - San - Fran-
clsco'Bu8lneys;CoHei'»..l23C Market Bt..
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting: beginners, business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures:" short'
.- , time, t TARR, ' exp. \ acct., v 220 Parrott \ bldg.';^
MERRILL-MILLER s College, : ihorthand and
typing:.- removed - to new, quarters; rms. 40-45,
Pcrrott b>dg.: Individ. i Instruction; catalogue.;
FRENCH,.Spanlf-h. etc. Prof. DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of l>anKuages,SiOPost:estab'd: lR71;ab'est profs.':
PROF. MERKI, from; Paris: violin,; mandolin;
. - guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission . Bt. *.~ .: .
ARITHMETIC. : bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; V> mo. ' 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY ."and
ILLUS1 RATION-night class. 424 I'lne st.
I f Mp\W^^ % THE "Home -Building Go.
S , s __ of San Francisco
' S^J^^S^^^^S « '¦¦+¦¦¦¦'¦* 222^SANSOME STRfiET.
«#eci»«wS'S'S*'S**(W«-e*60*e6-e f cs-cccs-stte-** '
Mgr.. San Francisco Call,
Dear Sir! It is a pleasure for us to r
state that we have received excellent, re-
sults from our real estate advertise-
ments published in /'The Call. ',' In fact
we will ¦ say \that the greater number of
our sales come through the medium of our
advertisements in your paper.
Please insert the er closed advert ise-
.ment under Fruitvale Real Estate on Sun-
day, March 24th. Yours truly,
' THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
SAX FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE *. The Fan Franclsca
Call, corner of Market and Third street* ; open
until 12 o'clock every night Jn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery utreet.
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
JCO Hayes street: cpen until 5:30 p. m. - .
C3 McAllister street: cpen until 5;J1 p. m.
«1j I>»rkln street: cpen until 9:3fl p. tn.
'9f1 Mission street: open until 10 »>. m.
STG1 Market -street, corner Sixteenth: cpen
until S p. m.
1« Eleventh ftreet: rn*n "until 9 p. m.
3CS6 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m. .
Northtvest corner T»»ntv-«foond and K*n-
in»in' ytreytf: ipt until i* r>. m. _
MEETI\« XOTICKS.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter N->. 1. Royal _^\_
»iv». Masons. «nePts THIS EVEN- K. 2f
ING. K. A.jtlerrg*. '_ '**?
O<--IPF:Nt!\L Lod?e No. 22. F. and A. ft
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at £\-
7-30 o clock. «?econd d<"pree.
WALTEIIG. ANDERSON, Sect £l____
KDCO ' SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
¦andiA. M-. Fraiiklin Hall. Fillmor?. /JV.
i*-txfeen Bush and Sutter. Second d<?- JJSlST
jrro* THIS EVKXIXG. at 7:S«i. /***
/ HARRY liAEHR, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 2C4, I. <^S^.v
O. O. F-— Members, you are re- vXS^Jr^ST-
rf-qu*-sted to attend our next :: -^5"S-\-S*-.-"-*
n»eet«nir. TUESDAT EVENING. ;*"V
March 26. The Grand Master will pay us a
rrr.tfrnal vielt Representatives to the Grand
Lodge will be elected end other important
busineEs will come up.
AY. A. HARVEY. N. G.
THE Ri?gers' and Stevedores' Union Associa-
tion will meet MONDAY EVENING. March
2S. at Fraternity Hall. Shiels building. 32
O'Farrell et., at 7:20 o'clock.
A. CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. S^c. ;
ANNUAL Meeting— The annual meeting of the ;
rtockhclder* of the Western Eugar Reflnlng
Cemrany trill be held at the office of the
«-omrat:y. X27 Market «t.. San Francisco. Cat..
on MONDAY, the rith day of March. 1901.
et the hour of 12 ta.. for the purpose oC !
*>ctiric a beard cf directors to Ferve for
the enruir.g year and the transaction of
nich other business as may ccme before the
sr.eetiri|--. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. March 35. 1901 at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM. ?=»^r»tnrr.
AGKXTS tt'AXTED.
KNTTRGETIC book canvassers and solicitors
for every city and county on the coast;
TT-F.-ny new books now ready; best terms ever
offered. The J. DEWING CO.. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco.
AOENTS. attention! Queen bocks ready: order
at once. R. R. PATTERSON, 429 Mcntgrom-
ory Ft., Fan Francisco. ~- T •
IGEKTB--&41 !"*< ut-ehold neoespity for $1; cost
.":'.«-. C. JOHNSON. 1S2 7th *t. : hours 10 to 12.
I \PFi;HCXCi:i> Insurance acents. CaJl at
rocm KL !^7 Market *t.. corner Sixth.
V. ANTT-:p— Arents In each city; rood money.
T-x-'-V rnprt M. ft L. Co.. if* Sth. Oakland.
AM'llALTt.M ItOOKI.VG.
PEL.TIEU. asph-ilt roofing, eldewalks re-
fair*d: r*<«ttL 11*5 Ml'sior.: tfl. Fol«om 1€97.
ASTROLOGV.
ifol?*nt;f.' - teacher of astrology; horoscopes com-
pletcWc &J1. Mrs.Dr.Smith.10C7 1 * Market.r.12.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING. IZ7 MarUet st.. Cth floor, room €27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all case's; fair fees; no advance
fhs>rges: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1£37. j
ADVICE fre«»: divorce latr a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. <3. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S09 Market, cor. Stocktn. 1
J. H. MoKNIGHT. collections: damages; es- '
tates; mining; open even. 592 Parrott bide. I
ADVICE ire; no charpe unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON, 327 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b'-dg.. 827 Mar-
ket et.: cor.Fultation free: no fees in advance. I
UOAKUI.XG FOR CHILDREN. j
WANTED— 1 or 2 children to care for; best of I
cane; larce sur.ny yard; terms reasonable, j
«43 Elizabeth st., near Noe. I
GKI'.MAN lady irculd like children to board; j
good bone; rccm for parent. 433 Minna ct. J
C;ood home, private Fchooling*. music; terms,
J15 a month " Box 2JC4; Call offlce.
Bl'SUHSSS CHAXCES.
A— ?1S."O; CORNER Erocery and bar, on Point
L-ib"K ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old)
r*iab!iEhed and first-class paying busincBfe. 1
¦with large etock; rare chance. Call R. G. i
WILKE. 204 Kearny st. j
A-$400: RESTAURANT; choicest location: |
rlo*f to Palace Hotel: rent *30; good paying |
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et. i
A— $ST«: CORNER 'grocery and bar; rent $"U; a {
fine business and choice location In the Mis- •
Fion: »i>lendid show for man and wife. Call 1
II. G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny st.
A RARE chance — Old estabMEhed flower store |
with nursery, including hothouses, boiler,
liorsf:s, wagons, plants and trees of all de-
scription; location heart of the city: estab-
lished S years: flrst-cla*s. paying establish- j
n-icr.t; lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ij Kearny. i
A— t3Q»; RESTAURANT on Sansome et.; rent i
$1*; good paying. R. G. WILKE, 2S»4 Kearny. I
A-tl.V0: CORNER barroom on Third St., close I
lo <"8ll bldg.: old established and first-class!
pa-rips ulai-e; 'sickr.rsF of ownef only cause I
of ea^e. Cail R. G. WILKE. 26's Kearny st. |
A-!6T.ft-. PLUMBING shop: established many j
years and duing a first -class imying buslnet-s;
rtr.t 122 ZO: lot-ation best: business street.
Western Ad<5. R. G. 'VVILKE, 2€'4 Kearny Bt.
A=410W; CHOPHOUSE and restaurant "on I
I 'a vis f>t.; kept by present owner 7 years; a !
firpt-rlass paying buslnes. Call 1 R. G.
WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A— Slud: STATIONERY store; 2 living" rooms;
•rent $lo: eo«l business for man and wife.
Call R. C. WILKE, 26^ Kearny at.
JPAHTNKli wanted; general merchandise store.
n«i.r San Francisco; monthly business $2000:
large Btacfc; man must be experienced and
have $2500.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
311 Mirk^t st., opposite Mason,
rh^ne Mint 15)11. *¦
BTSASI laundry in a thriving country town;
raying buriness; well equipped; the ideal for
f r.ic one; price an! terms reasonable.
G. IV. SCHWEINHARD.
'^ 81" MarX-.t gt.. opposite Mason.
HOTELS— I have 3 good hotels; furniture for
rale; low rent; hotel men call early and In-
-..i-atf .
G. XV. SCHWEINHARD.
S17 ilarltet «... opposite Mason.
A DRUG STORE! '. ""
Daily Sales Average $73.
Will sell stock and store complete.
Or win Bell prescription books.
Fine fixtures and Rood will.
Situated In center of San Francisco.
On the very best business corner.
Established many years.
Thorough investigation solicited.
,M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market st.. by Call bldg.
IM CIGAR stands, MO groceries and bars.
7.09 candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurant*.
ICO etores of all kinds: partners wanted.
1'fcrties with $100 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
I OR sale-rCountry hotel and bar at railroad de-
pot. Alameda Co.: conx-enlent to this city;
romplctely furnished: all Al condition: Inves-
tigate this. H. ft. CRANE. 508 California et.
—GOOD restaurant complete; cood payer: in
f-rar.ufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. EM Market st.
— WIN'E house: desirably located: old estab-
lished retail and family trade; owner retires;
price reasonable. STENBERG CO.. 719 Markt.
OUNO restaurant man wanted with 1100 as
partner in good flaying business; genuine
offer; no agents. C. COXTV AY. Panama Res-
taurant, 272 Urannan st. ,
OTICE to OIL PROMOTERS*
A party with a good proposition wishes to
confer, with f.rst-clEf*s men In reference to
handling a large body of oil land; must be
done quickly. Address 1»or 23S>, Call office.
WANTED— Saloon man with little capital to
• •pen way house and picnic ground on good lo-
cation. Particulars at 464 Ninth Bt., Oakland.
Cal. P. H. FELLEY. P.eal Estate Agent;.
I 1 VERY t-tahle; one of the best; showing net
Income HU»,' monthly; fine - location: long
lease: low rent: Mock and fitting strictly up
to date. M. FT THOMPSON, box 2431. Call.
A— f«€0; RESTAURANT; no better location in
the city: thif- Is positively worth over tlOOO,
but it munt so immediately. Business Board
nt Trade. 226 Pine st. ; phone Davis 326. -
lim— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be eatii-fied with flS to $25 a week; no expe-
rience required; trial given. 25 Geary, rm. L
KTORE for sale; notions, candy and groceries;
Urge living rooms; i*nt $14. Ca!l 19:5 Howard
Et. ; no agents.
FAIXJON. corner grocery end E*neral. merchan-
dise: horse and wagon; owner leaving coast.
139 Hearst ave.. Sunnyside. Price JUiO.
EXTRA oholee. corner for rent for cash grocery
utore LAYMANCE, 4C0 KIghth et.; Oakland.
WANTED —¦ Partner in dit^sEmakinr- with
money: experience unnecessary. Box 2360; Call.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to. woik. pla-
cer < Jaini &t Car-e Nomt. Box 2123/ Call. • "POR U. S. \fVYYARp AMD VALLEJO.
'. -Steamer •'.">* b-iticeUa."
MON.. : Tues..\Wed.,' Thurs.. and "Sat. nt" 9:43
a.' m., ; 3:15, 8:80 p. m. (ex.- Thursday nl^ht); Fri
days. ,1 p." m.i and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m..'8
p. . m. Landing and office,' IZisslon-street Dock,
Pier No. : 2. Telephone Main 1501 ; ¦ : ' -. ,¦?
BAY AND BIVEK' STEAMEBS,
G B Evart & w. Pa
B B Bailev & w, N Y
C R Runsell & w, K C
B M Deutsch, N Y
J Mcl-eod. St Paul
E Lacy. Portland
C R Breslan, San Jose
MissH Breslan. 'Boston
C H Duncan & w, St L
H Harvey & w, N O
Mrs W E Daracie. Oak
R Scott, U S N -
T T Williams, San Raf
Lt R T Gardner, USA
C S Dickey. Phila
J Waldman, NY
G S Adams,- N Y
"W.8 Bradley, N Y
•T-H. Eckels & w, Chgo
E K Baker & w, Ind
A C Bartlett. Chicago
F A Knlsht, Pa
A D Chllsey, Pa
L Feurer Jr. Portland
B.Wo'.f. Mich
C R Conlns, Seattle
A f Lowenthal, NY |
E W Furtush & wife, i
Boston I
T Lynch & w, Greenbg
Mrs O J Gramm. Ohio ¦
F H Myrlck & w. Mass
MIrs Myrick, Boston. |
E C Steggall. Chicago I
FAS Laeld'&.w.-N II
II E Horton & w, Cbgo
Abraham Smith. N Y I
W B Peck & w, N T
H E Freund & w, N Y
D Morrison & w, N Y
Miss Morrison, N Y
M J Webber, Cleveland
G A Hfewart'Jr, N Y
J I de Rlchon. Mexico
Mrs S J Galnes,' N Y
S J Gaines. N Y
E H Holbrook & wife.
New York
J C McKenney & w. Pa
Miss Moltz. Pa
R Hale & w. Pa
Dr C P Turner, Pa
H E A Belcher & wife,
Boston ', .-" .
Capt K B "Grove and
wife, Brockton
W L.Beebe. Maes
H G Flttn NY —
J C Frees & w, WIs
Mrs Dameron, St Louis
A E Williams, Tacoma
J il Crouse & w, N Y
Dr G \Y Earle. Wis
H W Moore. WIs
W J Wiley, Palo Alto
T 11 Newton, Boston
W Bowia. U-8 G S . ,
J H Deerinc, NJT
F C Drew, Greenwood
R M Outhout and wife,
New York '
E Wiener. N Y
R M Flatow.'L.A
Raymond-Whltcomb Excursionists.
Mrs A B Campbell
Miss Anna Campbell
Mi*a A B Diver
11 li Howard
WH Rlcker
Misn O J Shannon
Mrs AC Dyer
R G ghorr and wife
MIfs'B Woodburj'
J T Ray and wife
Ml.-s Hay ford
I A Wood and wife
Ml«s E A Potter
GRAND HOTEL.
II B Rice. Modesto
J J.Hatley. Cal
L A' Howm." Ill
M S "Llddall. Chicago
HE Hlggiii". Cal
L, C Miller, Dubmiue
Dr J J Tully. Btockton
l)r'J-N Blodg;ett. , Lodi
J J Bersin, Los Ang
K J Stanton. Lf» Ang
M O Donohoe. Winnl
• peg, Manitoba
A Moo*,'- London
F B Thomeo.' Butte
C C Nichols & w. Ohio
O Fuller. San Diego ;
\V A'McDonald & w,
Nelson. B C '
W S Graham. -Auburn
II M Hollister.- Auburn
C France!. s?ullnas:.:
13 A Tulian. Wash, DC
A B Alexander, Wash,
I> C ¦ ¦!¦
F E Collins. Merced
C T . Bender. Reno '
T Tally. VIsalia
A Sylvester. S Rosa
H S Rowe, Oakland
H M Dewar, Chicago
N N 'Dewar, Chicago
\\" P : Matthews, ¦ Sacto
W M CutKr, Sacto .
K K Stone. Sacto
J J Power. Denver
Miss (; Bower. (Chicago
F B * Sutter -
O;I:Marahall. Ukiah
C Moltzer & w, Cal
J P Dlgfc-H & w/.Cal*
E Swlnford & w. Cal
C Y Brownie*. Benlcla
NEW -WESTERN HOTEL.
C Lane. Courtland, . y
7,*t: Buckner. S Rosa •
OMurry. Cincinnati-
K Witman. Cincinnati
H T.Cameron, Chicago .
R » Talfor. Crockett
C Rodino, Orr.nt - l
H J Porachack. Selby 1
D G Btenberg. Selby
JJ Summcrfield. . Cal .
IVCamplni, S Rosa
I J Cupper, Kan City
I W Elian, Vallejo
W E Reavls. Arix ' .*,
J Brady.- N T C
A Anderson, Chicago
.: W Hicks & w. Bostn
PMarlin. Boston.- '
K -E Todd. - >! Orleans
W Chlnn. Cal '
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL .ARRIVALS.
MARSEILLES. March 24.-The proposed
arbitration of tho differences Involved in
the' strikes has led to a general relaxation
in the situation. The measures of the po
lice are now less strict. All the troops
have been removed from the streets and
other public places, although retained un
der arms in barracks.
This morning the street cars began run
ning intermittently, and a regular service
on all lines is 'promised.'
The strike of the bakers has not proven
serious. Bread was delivered to all cus
tomers to-day. The general situation la
one o( calm. The third-class cruisers
Llnois, Galilee and Lakoiaier. with the
torpedo-boat destroyer Duiiois, have ar
rived from Toulon to assist In preserving
order." . ;
Quiet Is Restored in Marseilles and
Troops Are Removed From »'
the Streets.
ARBITBATION PBOJECT
. PUTS END TO . RIOTING
"There is "a feeling" among manufactur
ers," says the Cologne Gazette, "that
American makers, through the trust, will
flood the European market- with machine
tools, and therefore German makers will
ask for increased "protection."
The pig iron product during. February
was C24,20S tons, or a decrease of 4400 tons.
The coal syndicate has decided not to re
strict-the output. .These facts made iron
and coal shares- unusually strong yester
day, the Week's advance ranging from
five to ten noints.
Fear American Competition.
American railways were unusually ac
tive. This: was also the case with Cana
dians. But Americans weakened yester
day, responding to New York. The Amer
ican iron reports exerci«ed a strong , in
fluence upon the German boerses. giving
unusual strength and also inspiring a hope
that' the German iron trade had turned
the corner. Some Iron men expressed the
opinion that the worst has passed. Ger
man wire makers having large New York
orders are planning to raise 'the price of
pig iron. The association of German tool
makers has been in i conference at Co
logne against American competition.
BERLIN. March 24.— It is significant
that unfavorable factors, like the break
ing off of negotiations . between Lord
Kitchener and General Botha and the An
gle-Russian disagreement, failed to affect
the Berlin Boerse • seriously last week.-
The latterlhalf of the week brought a
firm tone, I particularly yesterday. .The
feeling prevails that the Boerse is enter
ing into a period of greater strength.
The Improved tone of the iron market is
largely responsible for - this. Moreover,
the money market is expected to become
easier in April. Indeed speculators gen
erally regard the business situation as
more hopeful. 'The announcement of an
imperial loan has -not ¦ seriously affected
the quotation of imperial threes, the first
fall having been partly recovered. The
fall for the week was only 30 pfennings
and that in Prussian consols only 10 pfen
nings. A number of small municipal loans
were announced during the week for early
subscription. - . .
Boerse Gains Strength.
The American section monopolized the
business of the week. Quotations again
advanced all along the' liney* in sfclte of
heavy realizations. The strength of -the
market was mainly due to New York buy
ing. J£rle shares were the most Interest
ing feature, Erie common rising for the
week live points. Louisville and Santa
Fe were also in considerable demand. The
market closed strong with some excep
tional rises— Denver and Rio urande 2%,
Wabash common 2V*. Wabash debentures
1%, Pennsylvania 1, New York Central 1
and New York, Ontario and Western »$.
Erie, however, fell away one-half of a
point at the close, while some others were
fractionally lower. Money was in sharp
demand; until Monday at 4@4% per cent;
for a week, 3%; three months' bllls^ft
per cent.
LONDON,. March. 24.— The disappoint
ment" caused by the refusal of General
Botha to accept the conditions proposed
by Lord Kitchener, uponivhlch the Stock
Exchange had counted almost with cer
tainty, had a bad effect on consols and
kafflrs. last week, while the Anglo-Rus ;
sian conflict at Tientsin was. another po
tent element of weakness. The apparent
removal of the dangerous features of tho
Tientsin Incident led to some recovery In
prices, but business was again checked
by another settlement In sight. Consols
fell to 95%, the lowest figure since 1802,
and in spite of a recovery' to 96^4 they
continued weak, the marKet closing at
American Bailroads Brisk, With £ome
Exceptional Rises, and Close With
, Good Demand— Berlin Iron •
{ Market Improves.
BOTHA'S REFUSAL
LOWERS PRICES
Failure : of Kitchener's Ne
gotiations Bad, for Eng
lish Consols.- : ¦
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.).
SAN FRANCISCO, Marjh 24-j^n. m. j
• The ' following; "• are '¦ the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
laet'year, and rainfalls in the last twenty-four
hours: e
' San Francisco data: 1 Maximum temperature,
60 degrees; minimum,. 43;' mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern half of the Pacific slope, and fair, over
the southern. A -storm of moderate energy Is
central off the Washington coast, moving rap
idly Houth westward. Rain has fallen over the
western portion of Washington and Oregon and
along the California coast north of Cape Men
doclno. •¦¦'¦¦ WWMPBMHiJprij
" The prepsure has fallen rapidly over-Wash
ington and Oregon and risen over Arizona.-
The temperature changes have been slight In
all districts; It Is considerably below the normal
In the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions and
In Arizona.' '
, Conditions • aro . favorable for cloudy weather
and probably showers Monday from San Fran
cisco northward In California. «.. .
Forecast made at San .Francisco for*'thlrty
hours ending midnight. March 15, W01:
For • Northern California— Cloudy Monday,
with showers .. In . the northern portion, partly
cloudy In the southern port Ion;, fresh southwest
wind.- •• ' • -.¦ ' * ' ¦¦ ;• .¦
For Southern California— Fair; Monday; fresh
west w in&.r*%fgCe^&$&&* ! '&WgBljGttmgHBBBB
'"; For Nevada— Cloudy Monday, • with, rain or
show; brisk' southerly wind. >*A|M»«y6MMEg)W»j>*si|
±Fots Utah— Cloudy^ Monday; . warmer; "'. fresh
southerly T'in*l • '•^rTj M^W*TrnfflwlHliW Blurb lupn
1 For "Arizona— Fair Monday; warmer: fresh
northwest wind.". \..'.< .-¦ ;/ . .
•For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy; prob
ably 'with showers, Monday: "fresh ; southwest
wind. ' G. . H. . WILLSON.
; - Local' Forecast: Official. ; '.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 25, 11)03.
9
— Last This Last
.-.STATIONS. • -24 Hours Season. Season.
Surelta ¦'.."..':........ 0.13, 40.61 43.12
led Hluff ..;......... .... 22.17 19.(17
Sacramento .. .... 19.01 15.18.
?an FrancUeb . .... 18.79 . 17.02
•-resno . .\.. ...... .... 1Q.28 " 7.C9
ndopenrtence ....... .... " 6.80 - 2. Si
5an Luis ObJspo '.... 27.62 - 14.84
jOs Angeles ..:: .... 14.10 6.56
Jan Diego .' 9.CS .' 3. IS
STATIONS.
— Last This Last
.-.STATIONS. • -24 Hours Season. Season.
Surelta ¦'.."..':........ 0.13, 40.61 43.12
led Hluff ..;......... .... 22.17 19.(17
Sacramento .. .... 19.01 15.18.
?an FrancUeb . .... 18.79 . 17.02
•-resno . .\.. ...... .... 1Q.28 " 7.C9
ndopenrtence ....... .... " 6.80 - 2. Si
5an Luis ObJspo '.... 27.62 - 14.84
jOs Angeles ..:: .... 14.10 6.56
Jan Diego .' 9.CS .' 3. IS
STATIONS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
CJiil) KEAK5T ST. Katabllsbed
lit ts.*»l (or the treatment of PriTate
I iMraset, l^>-«t Manhood, Debility or
lisfas- xveormenn body and mind aiu)
8kln Disenses. Tbe Coctorcure»wi>«-n
others full. Try him. (.'barges low.
<'nrr«cnsranlerd. Callorwrita.
|>r. J. *'. ii I BBO.\ , saa Francisco, Cal.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«uoa I J to Ferry.
Commencing September 10. 19C0.
F-r-Oll bAN FKANCISCO TO MILL VALLEV I
... ANO ISAM RAFAEL. :
WEEK DAYS— fi:55. •S:15, ll:0U a. m.. »t:ti. !
S:15. 4:00. -• S:13. ' •6:15.'- «:40 p.m. "
EXTKA -TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San >
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays ana batur- |
days nt 9:00 and 11:33 p. ru. i
SUNDAYS— *8:00, *10:00, »H:30 a. m.. 'lUJ. '
1:15. »4:43, 6:*0. S:CO p. ra. j
. Train* marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FHOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. ',
WEEK DAYS-6:20. »«:M. 7:45. »:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. *3:30. 4^0. 5:10 p.m.
EXTKA TRIPS on Mondays, -Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:43 and 10:20 p. m.
t3L'NDAYS-6:20. «S:00, MOiOO. »11:45 a. m..
•1:40. *2:13.' 4:45. »8:S0- P. m. ..rtW*ei
-Trains marked t*) • start from - Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. AVEKK DATS— 5:45. «:4S, . 7:55. - 1:30 a. m..
1?:J5, J:10, 3:20. 4:54. 6:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS " on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p.m.
¦ SUNDAYS— S".t>3. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15, J.SO.
f.Vv, THROUGH. TRAINS. ..
6:J3 a. m. iveek days— Catadero and way
ctatiuns. ' - ¦ iy^*1Rr^»TFi||ff* M BH^fT*IIWWBsTnBWl
¦ • 1:45 p. m..-- Saturdays —Tcmales and 'way
stations. ••_-.• - ¦ .¦-"¦-.. -- - -.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales "and way*
stations.'.
HUIIIIKKN I'Atll'lC tOJIPiXf.
(PAC1F1O aXSTBU.)
Tr*la« !•»»• xn«l «»r«> •*¦•• tv »rrif« •»
mah ritAN«:iwtr«».
(Uslo line. Foot of Market Street)
HiTi — Faou March lt. IJ01. — ixsiti
7>OO* M«-tiuei.9«nn»mon,VaUeJo, Nrnp*.
C»lit tt-g* and S»uU Ko«» «i23f
7i30a Bet.leU, tSiUsan, Slmln, YaeaTlIIe,
Bnmsey and Sacraoiento 7i3Sr
1:3Oa Daiia. WoodUod. Knigbts L»odin».
MwrsTlll*, Oro.Ul«_ 7:S»r
7:S»* AtlaaUo Kj press—* J-jilen »od Eaa* 13ia»j»
H:OOa K flea, LJTermore, Trtcy, L»ttrop,
Stockton.. 7>23r
S:Z ti a Shuu Express-Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, £«d
BluS. PottUu<£.. ....- 7»33»
• i2O a Sau Jose, Uf erraorr. Htoektoo.
Iou*. hieiiiiifuto. PUcentU*,
M»rj»»llle. Chlco. Ued Uluff 4iS9p
¦ iSn* O»kd»>, Chine»«, Hocor*. Carters... 4:'J3r
•i«Oa Hajwanls. Nilrs and Waj Hteliou. 1 1»»3*
• iOOa L©« Angeles Kxpnss— Uantua.
Tr»cj, Latlirop. Utocktoo, Uereed
FfMiio and Lc» Adsb1«i 7i*3r
fl:3»A V»lli-J«i. Uarttnes »ml W*f SUUotii 0i39r
lO«tt»ATh»OTerlaiid Limited— Ogd»o, D«B- ,
ter. Omaha. Chicaca... «<89v
1I:OO> SUn. atooklon. >HitB«t*, M«n-
ilota. KTrsao, Ilaatord. VI«%lia.
Vortenlilo 4:S3f
11:90a LiTermnre, Btagti. Goahen Joao>
tion. Bakersfleld, Loa ABselea
fltAOr Saeraiueutu ltlf«r Hte&ai<ws. ........ t 3: *'A
3ioi»i- Itenlcia. Winters, Haeramanlo.
WwHllaml, K nights landing. .
M«rjstlll,.. OrotilU.; H»:S.1».
a:»Of H»7«ardi. Nlln and Way BtatlODI. 0:3.Tp
¦liunr Martin**. 8au lUuion, Vallejo,
N T «l"i. <!«IUt»i<a. HmuU Itosa U.a3v
rt:OOr Sunset Limited. El Paso, Sew
Orle&oaand East. ell:23*
4:00rTb« O«l Umlted— Tracy. Fresno.
BakenSelit. Saugtia fur t)»iiU Bu-
bar*. Los Auielea. lli«S«
4titnr n*7wuda. Mix am! Han Jam |H:»a*
O:»«r I.'cw Url-anr Express— llsiiaraaaUI.
Maiits llnrliara.liua Ancles. >'•">-
Inc. El Paso, New Orlaaua and
Eaat 7-BSa
B:««r KUes. LlTennore. Stockton. Lodl.... I»:55a.
onmr lla» waxda, Kilea and hmn Joa« 7iS9«
t«:Oa r ValleJ. il«»3*
•i««r OrienUI Stall— Of-len, Chryoane,
Omali*, Chicigo 12:23?
fltOOr OrleUal Mali— Ojrdeo, D«nT«r.
x Oraaba. Chio»jto 4iS3r
7fO«r OreK<>" anil CaJlfnrnla, ICipraM.Has-
nMHto, M«rj»»lll«. Itr.t.ll.m.
IV.tlm.I, 1'iijet Moiiml aiul Raat Si»Sa
DiMrSm Pablo, Fi>rl CoaU. Mwtlaes
•ml War tlUtloua ••••• 11<<V3*
l«:O3r V»Hfj'> '..... 7»aar
<:<>AST IUTIS1ON (Narroir <4auie).
( foot nt Market Streets
*il5ANeirirkXViitpnlilp,M»ii.)oi«.F«!toii,
- . . Bouidei Crt«k,8auU Crux and Way
8UU<ui<i •«»»»
tStlSr Newatk Ce»ler*llla. ftau .Ioa«, Nr»
Almaileii, Falton. HouMer tirrek,
Hm'a Ciux and Principal Way
8tatfom tl»^»»4
4iI.1p Newark, Han Jaim, LcsCa^nn 8x.1v*
aft-.SOp Hunters' Exsnnioo, San Jos* and
Wayautlonn t~*»*y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtaSIS fiUUISCa— r.«t tf Harkal Stti.l (j:i ? 8>—
tT;15 9.00 11:00a.M. 133 >:» 3:lSr.M.
FrtajOtlUID— r««l*rgrMJw«r.— 1«:00 (3:00 t3:05
10:00A.M. 12:03 .8:03 4S3r.ll.
COAST DITLSIO.1 (IlroaiKanse).
rrhlr.l and Townnemi Sta.) .
(«« I O\ Ocean Viow, .Soutb rtui Kr»uci«eo.. flliUUF
' 'sOUAHait J)M« »"<! H'.iy 8UU<ms (,Vw
iMinaJuu We.lii«<.I»ji imly) ...... llSOy
•iOOaMhu J»m. Trea I'liina. KiuiU Priue.
rMCitle IWN !'•••• Kol.'.vn. San
l.nln l)l>h|ui. hnrf. Lompoo ami
l'rinciiml W»» Stations 4.IOT
IOiIIU San Jose ami Way station* «>;t1 »
lli;t»A Niiu.Iiihrrm.1 Way SUticnia SiXOr
-t'-ii-lSrSan Matnt. Ue<lwno.l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. fiantm Clara. .Han .lose.
Tres Pinos. Santa Crut, 8allnsa,
M oilier oy ai»l l'aellia Grova {IOsM*
fJ:3»r Han Jtnaaud Way .Stations 7l.tOp
tl:l»r San Jus* ami Trincipal Way .Station* O:4.1a
iSsOOrSan Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way SUtion* |O:»«*
SiSOr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9>33a
SiSOp San Jusr ami Wayfltatlon fSi"<>«
«lli45r San Jose ami Way Stations 7:3t>r
A for Monilnc. P for A fteruoon.
. t"<u><layeiee|ited. _ J Suiidaj «oly.
g Moodars. Wednesdays, Tridayi.
c Tuesdays, Tbursda/t, Suadajt.
« Saturday only, •¦ ¦ —
CALIFORNIA N0RTQVESTE8S £L CC.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
¦: RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon' Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Fran:i*co <•» San Rnfo«t- -
TIBURON FEHRT— FOOT OF MARKET s>T.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:CO a. ra.; 12:J3. J:3tt. »
6:10. «:M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips) at 1:10 ' aad
11:30 p. m.
STINDATS-8:0O. l:J0. U;00 a. m.; l:J0. I;**.
S:00. 6:20 p. ra.
tfaiwa.uet to S.in Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:C0. U:10 a. m.; 12:13.
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 1:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 1:49. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, !:40.
6:05. 6:23 p. m.
Betireen San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
cam* schedule as above.
~" Leave I In Effect T Arrive
San Franclsctx JN'ov. 7. 1900l| San Fraaclsca.^
Week I Sun- I j Sun- I Week
Cays. I days. | Destination. I days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 9:00am Kovato. 10:40am S:40am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
(:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 1:12 pm
Fulton^
T:30 am Windsor, 19:23 ara
Healdsburg.
'.: Lytton,
Gejrservllie.
8:10 pm 8:00 »m CloveMale. T:C pm <:3 prti'
T-tt"am| I Hopland j I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| C:I? pm
"•30 am M:S5 ant
8:00 am Gu»rcevi;ie. 7:35 pm
8:10 pm *-^ P«
7:30 am 8:00 am Kcr.cma 1 3:15 am S:4>an> v
and I
t :18 pm S:00 pm Clen Ellen. | t:C5 pm 8:23 Cm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:2J am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastoyal. I 7:33 pn»| «;23 pm
' Stasres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We»t
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtors; at
GeyservlUe for SkaKt/a Springs; at Cloverdal*
for • the Geysers; at Wopland for Duncan
SprlnRs. Highland Springrs, Kelserville. Carls-
bad Springs, Sodu Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at X.'ktah for Vichy Springs. Saratog»
Springs, Blue Laken. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valle/.
John Day**. Riverside, Llerley"* Bucknell's.
ganhedrin Heisrhts. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mentfocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usul.
"Wllletts. Laytonvllle. Cummings. Ball's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . ;
! On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all points
! t>«yond San Rafael at halt rate*.
I Ticket office, (30 Market at.. Chronicle bull 4-
: ing. l R. X. RYAN.
; II. C. WHITIKO. Cen. Pa**. Aft.
1 Can. -Manager. - -.
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
i Via SausaXta Fcrry-^Feot of HarVt t St.
• tv. tjan rnxn. M.tinf***'
1:45 r. M. {¦ — r - wfcEK DAYS . J r M
4:i*Op. m.) Stay over nlghtattheTAVKESi (10:35 a.m.
S^X) a. «.l . ¦ f 1:00 P.M.
lo^xu. u. (• Krvn\v«i I *oor.si.
ll:» a. Jf . [ n ~~ SJJ * DA ? 3 1 <:25 r. u.
liUr.u.) • I 5:Sp.h.
Fare. San Franckcn to Summit ml Return. tl.*O.
Tictet Offices.' «H Marset St., A Sansallto Ferry.
MCSICAL. I\STRU3IE.\TS.
ANY person ravins: use for a piano can be ac-
cohimodctpd st Sherman. Clay & Ca'» with
caplert payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable maker* to ohocse from, Each the best
of their trade, from Steinway down. Prlv-
l>se given to exchange medium and low
rricea r'anes for a new Etelnway any tine
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new ujirights «>ld for $6 cash and-
F6 per month. We offer to sell some good
ptmaoa et (2. tt and 15 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Suiter ets.. San Francisco;
comer Broadway and Thirteenth »t.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER * CHASE'S. 26,
:> and 30 O'Farrell St.; plaaos. organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
«nd prices; terms easy; {trice* lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BIG stock medium and Jew priced new up-
rirhtp; can be exchanged for Hazeltons any
time within five years; all j'ianos warranted;
a fine upright nearly now. $ir3: squares from
f?j up; easy n-rrns. At PEWING'S, 12 to 21
Flood building. Pan Francisco.
I'.ABY GRAND? at a bargcin.
Dpcirr & Son and Packard, slightly used.
Puch an opportunity i* seldom offered. Call
soon to get the benefit of it. THE ZENO
MAUVA1S MCSIC CO.. 7CT Market st.
M UPRIGHTS, all make*. $75 up; rented »nd
rrnt allow*:!; Hf<ll<>t & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. :i" Gearjr •*-
A FEV,' r.?w pianaa fur ?i:.0: second-
hand tKffl HO. I'KNJ. CL'RTAZ f- BOX.
IS f>Farrril «=t. Checkering- and Vose agency.
AT WTltSOJCS Storagr. 17CC Market St.. you j
enn get ?torajrt- pianos almost for a song — $« <
r*r rrior.th— dirt, ch^ap. . 1
A 3-PEDAL upright piano: also furniture; sac- j
rince: leaving city. CI4 G-olden Gate sve.
Ur.At.'TlKl'L new pienoo. . J15S up; rents and
rasy !-ay*ncnts. KLARE. X06 Fillmore tt.
SPECIAL sale, of p5*nos th'.s week; steinway.
Knafip and others. P.RUENN. 2uS Toyt st.
BIGGEST barf.pin in Fisher upright piano;
r.early n?w- must be sold. S01 Jones st.
IIIGH-ORAPE pianos; Pteck. Hardman. Con-
ovi>r and others. \Vl!ry U. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BAHRAIN— Mun be fold; nice upright piano.
BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, nevt Hlbernia Bank.
A NEARLY new gram! upright cheap: brilliant, j
pogyrful tone. HORNirNG, Il« McAllister, j
I5YHON MAUZY. agency gohmw » Co.. Byron |
ttmtntT. GaM<>r and Sp»llman pianot". 3C8 Post. 1
AT KEEFFE P. ?ZS Market st.. 4 elegant up- !
richts »t your own pricft. agency.
Fl'PEaiOK viclins. zither*, old »nd new. II.
MI'LLER. nsak^r, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call, j
•*6 yr.gc-s. in »rart*r. for mailing. t\ per yar. |
W.'»CES AXD STOItKS XO LET.
FOR fine offices and ttt,-res call at 123 Mason
ft.; rent reasonable: aiso a few rooms sult-
rble f < r living rooms.
OIL.
J^E^H^r^T^pTjT^ZrisriMnT^
MEMBER 1'RODICERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country eorrcKi»onrtenc» «K»liclted.
OIL ¦: ¦: •¦- Tifar OH Citv. $1 25 jv»r acre. Amer-
ican Exploration Co.. H13 Call building.
PAIVTEItS AND DECORATORS.
WALL, pb.jw. 5> w!n<1<-»- shsdep; rooms papered. !•«
up- Jcnf^n & Bath. 3CS Sixth; open evenings, j
ROOU8 pap^fd from U up; rlty or countn'.
Hurtman Paint Co.. ri:< Z-\ M.: tel. Red &*1.
rALMlSTRV. !
H J E R< »M E K( 'SSELLI . sclent ifiTmtaBfat/ 815 |
Taylor st.. Iwt. «;<ary nnd Post: tel. Black KL'
PATEXTS A\U I'E.NSIOXS.
APVICE free; no charge unless successful.
OHO, n CAMPBELL. lawyer. Hxamlrer Mg.
rEUSOXALS.
1IME. VALEHN. the Tree Healer.
«'ures all kinds of diseases & habits, such as
tobacco, morphine, cocaine. »i<juor. etc.; teach 1
er fit hypnotism & l^rspnal mafmetUsm: tells
hew to d>v<»lo;> ¦rfU (xnryr & gain success; !
stamps for Particulars.- 215 Leavenworth st.
Ftoddard's O»'.pbratPd Plasterfc, a pcsUlve curs
lor all »l!mrr.ts of the r.es=h nerve? or mus-
cles, prepared and «>Id only by MRS. N.
PTODUAKU. main ornce lliT Gearv st.. nr.
Fra^kMn; 'jhese Eart C33. liranch offlc- 1512
Market, opp. Van Ne*f= ave. References— Hcr-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. <;ator. attorney.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are baM. call
on DR. H. S. MOOHIi. 4SS Geary st.. and you
•rffl not b* disarpointwi; this remedy Is po?l-
tivoly guaranffKi: call or send for circular.
PANTS. »T; ruitB. S* TS. ORIGINAL MlfKIT
<1>OTHIXG PARI/TiS. if, MnnWomcry *t.
A-JJ TO DERBY and Fclora hats, |1 75. I'opu-
\zx Prier Hitters, 330 Kearr.y st.. near Pine.
f. CTC1CK.L.T: suits to ord»r from genuine I
Scotch, tli up; fine dret«! *uits, $20 up; «le- ;
psr.t overcoats. RI up. LEON LEMOS. 1117 '•
Msrkct Ft., b»>twern Seventh and Eighth.
r.LECTKIC \\%\A in •very room— Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Market: "CO rooms;
55c to il 10 per r.lfe-ht ; U M to |« r>^r week; ;
lree 'bus- an3 baggage to and from the ferry. ]
WHITE cRjmfl Iron b^ds'. pintle, three-quarter !
or double, O 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING i
<'O., IZ'Ji-V.12 Stockton Ft., -iear Broadwuy. :
FCHOOL to !<>arn haJrdrcsrir.g. hair work, nan- j
ieurine; private IpswoPt or flass. MISS A. V. i
LX)YLE. 1704 Market, bet. Po<k and Van Ness. \
I'llOF. S1EI!UE.\"S Mineral Oil end Salve: sure
our<» for <!rcpty. paralvsis, rupture: eyesight;
consultation at noins S and 9, 122$ Market st. i
COOI) home op.'n W hcsltl.y boy and girl \
tiabies. MRS. DK. Fl'NKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery St.. i
rooni S; ph>>ne Hush 2b3: charges reasonaVilc. '
rKIVATE det»y-tive work; reasonable rater; 10
>«-ar«=" t'Xixrience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie Et.
"K2NGSLAND Art O.Iors," for leather, wood
and photo?, ayt all fir.-t-cla«i art stores.
ALL kirxls of bamboo fancy N^ork to ord«r
HORIPHIMA & <:O.. I4S Eilis; tel. Red UCS.
f-PRINO Ftyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Dom^rtic" office. 1C21 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE cwturaM, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOIJJSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
clettric neeCle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutler jst.
nt. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: tJc: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henr.a: restores gray
hair to '.tr natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
rail. 16 pages. s*>nt to any address in the
Vn'.ted Htatfs or Canada one year for II.
riiYSiciA\s and m :k;i:o\s
UR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office snl re«Wpnce,
lC2m Market ft., between Hixth and Seventh.
1>R. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all dlseasf-a of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL. ESTATE-kriTV KOIt SALE.
ALL Genuine Karfrains in This Lift.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 007 Market St.
• j4i»,_A cozy heme: enly haif each.
12330— Two rplendid flats; rented %Z3: near
P;>lh et.
jj-,00— Seven rooms, bath: Hyde at.; bargain.
$J2W— Three rice Hats: all rented; ncsr Nine-
teenth -and MisMon ets. ; pays 10 per cent.
%".¦¦• — Corner 40x90. with good 10-room house;
Hyde it : cost JI2.0CC.
t"ilv— SpJendiil Invectraent; near Van Ness
«ve. ; rents $S1; all rented.
J3M0— Business property; .Ninth «t.. near 311»-
e:cn: rents *45.
J12.500— Leavenworth rt.; rents J105; lot 65-
foot front.
|14,«O— Three elegant fiats; rents 1150; all
rinted: half caFh; must sell.
<j4,OP0 — Fire Jackson-M. residence. 14 rooms,
2 bathe ; rtrictiy mcirrn: must sell.
iH.CsiG— Three elegant flats; rented for 1140;
fv.ell locality.
tTO.OOV- Sutler st.; grand corner; S7:6 front;
r^nts $1^.".
ts> OuO— Business property of 4 stores *nd 8
fcts; nr.ts fTM.
ji» QCO '¦ Mlwlon-lt. corner: 170x150; actually
vorth IC'.OOt: must »fll at ence.
IiO.COf>— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 127:6x127:6;
- tt r.tts 1240.
ji^OGO—GreTid comer: CO-foot front; few
Wrcks frcm Orphean: pays 6 per cent net.
trri.COO— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoll: eld Improvements; rents «»00.
* 'Other barprair:*.
Apply A. M. gPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market st.
ATTENTION!
Ill Thirtieth st.. near No*.
Six-rocm c.ntace in rood condition: all lat-
«*t improvements, bath, closed in porch
<gla«5), brick foundation, laundry In base-
ment, newly painted, nice garden; lot 13x35.
Fcr rale by owner.
Very reasonable. Pon't fall to Investigate.
IF you have lots in large or email subdivisions
r.orlh of the park. In the Richmond district.
' between Twelfth ave. and the ocean, and you
want to eell. tfcen call en W. J. GUNN, 630
Call lornia gt.
VjorJlTRV cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans furnlbhed. GEORGE M. SALSBCRY.
builder; o'flce IZZZ Market st.
FOR the best located lots In R:chmond and the
cfceapert cail en W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
FOR eaJe— 3 lots and Imp.; $1000 cash or lone
tlir.e. Address box 2511. Call office.
IK you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
tf inure*. In wrapper for mailing, ?1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. BndUnfnrn.
MCALLISTER, 477-Nlcely furnished front and
back parlor for light housekpg. ; ; also single.
MINNA. GC7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
- bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. -
MOSS. UVi, near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms*
good yard and water; rent $9. ¦-_ . : -
N ATOM A.- 238— Two sunny front rooms; rea-
sonable^- - i . ¦ - ' .•¦¦¦'
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market ¦ st.-Nlcely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OAK. 119— Sunny front room furnished for light
housekeeping; . closet; one person. 55. '
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
POST. 215— Elegant rooms. $2 50 to ?8 a week ;
gentlemen preferred. •, . •
ROYAL House. 125 Ellis-Incandescent light;
reading-room,* smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $150; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground (loor;
room* with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALB House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 23c to $1; week, SI 25 to »4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., nr.
j Market — Furnished or unfurnished. ;
1 SUTTER, 309 — 2 furnished rooms on first floor,
$5 p^r week; also email furnished room, }1 25
per^jyeek. ' '
THE BERLIN, Z3S Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ _ received at Call branch office. 220Q Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex $07 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms; board first-
class; use parlor; piano; phone. 850 Van Ness.
ROO3IS AXD OOAK1) WANTED.
PARTY of»4 adults wish rooms and board in
private family; state terms and location.. Box
2577, Call office. .-•.-.••¦
SPECIAL" XOTICES.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 937 Market St.— La-
dlts durinp confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms S-19: tel. 5.~>S0.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, ?old and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 £th: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AXD POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1569.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
of flee. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
EEKINS Van «nd Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, £320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
SUMMER RESORTS.
LARKSPUR. ChI.— Wanted— A select
boarders for the summer, wifn . references.
Address P. O. box 54.
TRUSSES.
MANUFA'R: elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 503 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWrTtER££-W>
trV better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 26*5.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
j IN the Superior Court of the City and County
I of San Francisco. State of California — In the
I matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
i poratlon. upon Its application for a lurtgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,897. Dept. 10.
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
I Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws ot the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and stgned Ly a
.majority of its board of directors, addressed
1 to the Superior Court of the city and county
j of San FranctFco. State of California, pray-
{ ing for a judgment of dissolution ot Fnld
< corporation; and that Monday, March 2Sth.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
said court. Department No. 10, in the. City
. Hall of the city and county, of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and ptace for the hearing of said application.
i In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
| hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Ork.
By E, :.:. THOMPSON. Denuty Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. IOw 19CL WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. . Peputy Clerk.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b_-
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HANSEN— In this city, to the wife of C. R.
Hansen, a son. i :
MORR1SEY— In this city, to the wife of E. J.
Morrirey. a Hon.
~~~ MARRIED.
SCHONIG-CALATIOF— In this city, March
14. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John J.
Schonig and Nina Lucile Calatiof..
TURK— KAISER— In this city, March 20, 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William H. Turk
and Elise J. Kaiser.
~~ DIED.
Baldwin. Hattle M. McKay. Daniel 3.
Berg, Susie 'McKendry. John
Cheney. J. Mitchell, Hamuel T. A.
Deeney, Jennie Murphy, Mary J.
Delano.- Susan B. Noethlc. .Tcs«ph
Dunn. James Nolting, John B.
Earan. Lillle Norton, John L, '
Greffe. Josephine Pontae. Pierre
Hansen. Bertha Powers,. Mervin
Higglns, Mrs. Roae . Sandow, George
In^alls. Myra Simonsen, Nicholas
Laumeister, Mary E. Stnnton. Mary
Lowe, Orn.ee M. Wllzlnski. Frances
McCarthy, DavJd Witham. Charles B.
BALDWIN— In this city. March 24, 1501. Hat-
| tie II. Baldwin, a native of Maine, aged 40
I years 11 months arid 16 days.
UE11G— In this city, March 12. 1901. Susie
! , Berc, a native of Pennsylvania, aged SS yeara
I and 6 months. . •, • • .
! -CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, ; from Charles J.'B.
Metzler's parlors, 638 - Washington street,
thence to St. Mary's Church, corner of Call-
1 fornla' and Dupont streets, where a solemn
'< mars will be celebrated, bffRinning at 10
I o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CHENEY— In this city, March 24, 1901, J.
Cheney.
• CTInterment private, Laurel Hill Ceme-
j tery.
j DKENEY— In this city. March 23. 1901, Jennie,
beloved wife of Philip Decney, dearly beloved
mother, of Philip and Harry Deeney, , beloved
daugtter of John and the late Katie Dever.
-nnd sister of John Deyer. Mrs. ¦ M. F. < Joyce
nnd the late Katie McQreehan, . a native of
Tuolumne County, Cal. , (New York papers
please copy.) PC33w«JSC*SS
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from thn funeral
parlors of James McMenomy • &. Srvn. 1057
Mission atreet. thence " to .. St. Jcs;ph'B
. Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. , ¦ . . , . .
DELANOr-In this city, March 24, 1901, Susan
B., beloved wife of L. T. Delano,' and mother
of John P. Hat tt and ,Leland' Delano, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James O. Allison.
and sister of - Mrs. L. Rudolph, " Mrs. J. M.
Dally and Robert Allison, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 40 years. -
DUXN— In thla city. March 21. 1901. - James
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P, DONOVAN. Mgr.- ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMER3.
20 Fifth. st., opposite Lincoln School. i
- Telephone South SO. •, \ ' .
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
T7 and 29 Fifth* st. TeL South' 167. '
IUHEBAL DIRECTORS AND ' EXfiALMEKI.
-.Finest Equipment at Moderate - Rates. ..
1 ¦* f. "JAMES AlcGINN ¦- :•¦¦¦
Has opened Funeral Parlors. at 214 Eddy I
St., bet. Taylor and: Jones. Tel: South 57tf I
UEMEMBER 214 ¦ Eddy.: st. Is on the right- I
j hand side of the street going from Market.' ¦
MoAWOY & CO.;. ' I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3. I
1239 Market st... between Sth and 1th. I
Telephone South HI. \
REAL. ESTATE— COCSTEY — For Sale
$4500 — SANTA Clara Co.; big bargain; 30 acres
>n apricots. 10 acres In French prunes, all" In |
full bearing; also 7 acres vacant land, adjoin-
ing town of Morgan Hill and near the railroad
nation; this property Is wcith more than :
double the price asked; having been taken
thrcugh a mortsase foreclosure owner Is de-
sirous of selling same immediately; term*,
one-half cash, balance wi easy payments. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
fISCO— AT a sacrifice on account of foreclosure
cf mortgage; a beautiful country horns situate
about a quarter of a mile north of San Jose,
off the Alameda. near electric car line: an
<-leK»nt sew modern house of 14 rooms, bath,
etalned glass doors, windows, electric light-
ing, windmill/ stable, lawn, etc.; cost former
owner flS.OOO. R. McCOLGAN. 24 llontgom-
ery st.. rolom S.
A CHA.VCK OF A LIFETIME
Is now offered persons of limited means to
obtain 10 acres cr more of choice level garden
and orchard land, located at Wolfskin Sta-
tion, near Vaoaville, Solano County, the cele-
brated ecrly fruit section of California, at
the lew price of |S0 -«jo $40 per acre, according
to location; terms to suit buyers; title per-
fect. This land will rai?e all kinds of gar-
den truck and early fruits. For maps and
circulars call or write California Farm Land
Association (Incorp.), 616 Hearst building,
San Francisco.
RANCHES in all raft!? of .California; special-
ties, Sonoma, Napa, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz.
Monterey, Tehama counties; send stamp for
catalogue.
G. T7J SCHWEINHARD,
917 Markrt St., San Francisco.
$CC00^23 ACRES; II In peach, pear and prune
tree*; 7 acres good potato or corn ground: 6
I acrps hay ground: 6-room house, bath; wlnd-
i mill and tank; barn for 10 head of stock;
good outbuildings; 4 miles from Napa City.
I Address Owner, P. O. box 162, Napa, Cal.
! lU'Y In Napa County: no drouths, no' irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Xapa County VUlcullurlst." THE W.
A. MACKINDEK CO.. St. Helena. Cat
M. GRIFFIN, "19 Market St.. . by Call bldg.,
sells hotels, lodging houses, stores, etc Print-
ed lists of farms and city property. ' .
FOR sale or rent— $3 acres nr. coal mine; oil
belt: FUltable cattle, hoje. bees & chickens.
C. E. CARTER. Bradley, Monterey Co., Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, SI' Main. Petaluma. for
fr*e copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
I i
REAL ESTATK WANTED.
! HOME wanted, beautifully located, for half
i interest in . valuable Government gold dredg-
j ing concession, containing platinum also. Box
| 2547. Call office.
WANTED— Within 100 miles of San Francisco,
improved farmr; price not to exceed |r,OCO; we
have cash buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 687
Mark -t si. Pan Francisco.
I — ... — ll. . m
I SEIIL'HOAX RESIDENCES. .; .;
FOR sale — In Mill Valley, i-room cottage and
tent, furnished for housekeeping. Owner. 51S
Jersey Ft.. San Francisco. •
BERKELEf ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J1P00 — ANOTHER "enap: pretty home of 4
rooms: hard finished; street macadamized;
Ju?t placed on the market: must be sold.
MAY & MORTIMER.
DID we sell the 1650 place we advertised last
week? Why, o£ course! MAY & MORTI-
MER.
i IIS00 — Here Is the place for a moderate family;
6 rooms; lot 40x120; street Improved.
$!7CO — Ear.dy home; fine view; near cars.
' $3GC0 — New home; double floors: 7 rooms;
' near cars and colleee. MAY A MORTIMER.
i ¦ — ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! $ico CASH. |l« monthly: lot 100x200 ft.: sandy
loam soil; asf'orted orchard In full bearing;
also mi. all vineyard; 3-room cottage, windmill,
5O.0C0 gallon tank: Al water; large barn, j
chicken houses and outhouses; immense Fhade
, trees, Fhrabb»ry and flowers surrounding; this i
is a rare r rnp^rty in a very delightful spot; j
Laurel Grovi> -Tract, adjoining Kast Oakland: |
near a fine 3-etory. schoolhouse: away from
j j cold winds and fog; near Laurel Grove ave.,
. ] off School st. ; 'here Is a lovely spot for a home,
I which you can get on rental basis: price, all I
told. J12P0. Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
I cnth ft., opposite Broadway mat ion. Oakland;
i carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
t^I— IX>T In Lorin; 300 ft. from station nn
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour service to
fan F"ranr!*co same time to city as from 7th j
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot roust 'be i
fold. A. J. SNYDER. 407 Ninth St.. Oakland. I
$SOf«— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph I
ave: K rooms and bath: modern; lot 50x125.
I A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
; A BANKER'S home. 8 rooms, grandly situated;
i half M<*> k magnificent grounds; $17,000 ex-
jw.ded: price 1S0W: rr.Uft spII quick; going to i
Kuvope. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE .CO.,
I 460-461 Eighth St., Oakland.
. | ELEGANT corner lot. 133x100; $C*)00. with im-
. I proverrents: modern house: large barn: beau-
, j tiful flower gnrden; San Pablo-ave. cars pass
I door; cor. 3Uh st. 8e<» owner on premises.
i OAKLAND KliHMTCRB FOIl SALE. |
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaa*. the
', furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
' j BARTLETT, 414—3 tunny connecting unfur-
; I nished housekeeping rooms; sink and bath.
EDDY. 413— I^srge sunny furnished room suit-
able for light housekeeping. V
1 EDDY. 933—2 large newly papered rooms: thor-
; oughly clean; regular kitchen: no children.
1 FRANKLIN. 21 (The Newport)-Housekeeping
rms.; running water, gas: phone Howard 2472.
HOWARD. 623—2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms
; for housekeeping; reasonable.
• JOHNSON Hous*. 12C2 Folsom, cor. Ninth—
; Nice sunny rooms:'qulet housed adults.
' MCALLISTER, 412; near Van Ness— Three fine
1 I sunny front rooms; unfurnished; for house-
i j keeping.
; MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
t ing and single rooms. 7.V and ii per week.
. OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room. SS: sunny rm. & kitchen complete, $12.
'. POLK. "17, nrsr Eddy— 2 furnished rooms for
r light hou^keeping. with bath: $10.
: SIXTH. 541— Front and back parlor for house-
. j keeping. 410; slnsle rooms, $4.
VAN NESS. 232— Nicely furnished rooms for \
housekeeping; gas range; other furn. rooms.
' VAN NESS ave.. S15— Entire parlor floor, with
I regular kitchen and yard; sun all day.
[ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
i subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va- !
- ! > r "cla st. j
" ROOMS TO Li:T— I'urn. and Cnfnrn.
ARGYLEr'Thef McAfnster""st!,^ccr7~Larkln-
Thls high-clays rooming-house Is newly open- i
«•<!: It has bern elegantly ar.rt tastefully fur- I
niFhed; evrry improvement for comfort and I
sanitary requirement* has been adopted; all
outside, sunny rooms, with or without baths;
parties with references are invlteci to Inspect
above premir<»»: rooms rhown In the evening.
. ROOMS TO LET. I
' A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
r!ehed, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny Ft., tel. 23=4 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
1 lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ence; large rooms; modern conveniences;
, rooms r.ftc up: first-class meals 25c: free coach, j
; A-BRUNSWICK HOrSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to SI per night; 1125 to {5 per week, and
; light housekeeplns rooms r^pen all night.
, BtrRNETT. ICC Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nirhed rms.. suites, single; aiso unfurnished.
' BUSIL 1CS4, near leavenworth— Elegant euite
of roorr.s for gentleman only.
CALIFORNIA. 724— Choice rooms; reasonable
' rent.
, CALIFORNIA. 1527— Sunny single, doublo and
housekeeping roon s from 56 up.
EDDY. 872 — New elegantly furnished rooms, en
euite or single; see them; reasonable.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larldn— Sunny furnished
rooms, folding bed, for light housekeeping.
1 FIFTH. 353— Sunny furnished small hall room,
$4 month. ¦ ' ¦ • •
GEARY. 284— Comfortable single room for gent;
rent $5. < '
i GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
i single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 11M— A large sunny furnished
- front room and kitchen. $12.
\ HYDE, V*— Large sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished, to respectable party; bath and tel.
s JESSIE. 3S3, near Bin and Market— Furnished
room, $4 a month: large room. 2 beds, a.
• LARKIN, 707, Jir. Ellis— Newly furnished sunny
¦ front room, 16; private family in small flat.
, MARKET, J03;-Changed hands; . nice sunny
double rooms, ' $1 25 up. ~
, MARKET, 1055, , opp. Jone»— Fsrnlsbed sunny
rooms, single. or double; bath.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE,
£^ ' at ' £a»
GRAND ARCADE HORSE . MARKET,
327 Sixth street, •
WEDNESDAY ....March V, at 11 A. M.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will sell.
,A LOT OF. CITY HORSES.
Also Twenty Head of GOOD YOUNG HORSES.
All Horses cuaranteed; -
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers,
OCEAN TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
cr. ' Steamers leave Broadway
Sk- ."'.•• • wharf, San Francisco:
fS3ft_^_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
llSS^tok March 22, 27, April 1. Chang*
|§P?K!3ft*»»w to company's steamers at Se-
fce^fin N39 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
! R3«SV^rf«^j C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
r~ m ***S£&SbS!2\ Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
Spagl il a. m., March 22, 27, April
1. and even' fifth day thereafter. Ch«n« at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
24, 29, April 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
se ]es)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For S8nta Cruz. Monterey. Son Simeon. Cay-
ucos, Port Harffird (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hutneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. : steamer Bo-
nlta. .Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Tth each month.
• For further information obtain company's
The. company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery-
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Affts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F> O IR, T X-, J± 3S£ D
From Spear-street, Wharf at 11 a, m.
CADC SI2 First Class including Berth
lAnC $8 Second Clasi and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails...... Mar. ?4. Apr. S
GEO. W. ELDER calls Mar. 23, Apr. 3
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agvnt.
1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
•TEW YORK.80DTHAHPTON. LCTOOS. PABT\
Stopplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis. ....... April 3]St. Louis .Anrll 24
New York April 10 New York.: May 1
Vaderland April ITISt. Paul May 8
* FED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwartv
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland April ' IKensinsrton April 24
Southwark April in Zeeland May 1
Westernland ...April lTIFriealand — ...May 8
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COM PANT.
CHAS X). TAYLOK.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connectlnsr at Honkgonpr with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS HONKONG MARU..Tuesday. April «. !9fll
PS* NIPPON MARU Friday. May S, 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU.Wednesdar. May ». 1801
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freiprht nnd passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AnA^nloC C £* A H* 1 **''. SAMOA, NEVI
D£€*P]iCa.5X0a ZEALAND *«o SYDNEY,
DIRECUIME TO TAHITI
ES. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
-Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, March 27, 9 d. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Hoiuitulu only)
Saturday. April 6. 2 p. m.
1 0. SFREKELS k EROS. CO., General Agents. 327 Karht St
Esn'l Passsngar Gtiia, 843 Iferfet St., liar Ka, 7, Paciffs St
PANAMA R. R. 1 55?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin, 9105; St»era»;e. $40.
Roanoke . . . . . Tuesday, April 2
Leelanaw .... Tuesday, April 18
Argyll .. .... Tuesday, May 7
From Seawall Section No. 1, 2 P. M. .
-Freight and passenger orflce. 330 Market Bt.
F. K. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0MFANIA SUD AMERICANA DS VA?0H?3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and Bouth American ports. Sailing::
£S. AREQUIPA April 4. 1901
SS. LIMARI April 17, 1901
PS. PERU April—. 1901
SS. GUATEMALA May — , 1901
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall. (
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger . service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
rassenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Agents.
COMPAGNIS GENSRAL? TRANSATLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
SailinK every Thursday, Instead of 1 )
Saturday, at 10 a.' m., from Pier 42, ~*"wsKES*
North Klver. foot of Morton atreet. First-class
to Havre, $5S and upward. Second class to
Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITKD STATES unil CANADA. 32
Ilroadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacitlo Coast Agents, & Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco, Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Aaent9.
TO KNOW
HER
Is to love her—
so say those -
who know the
''Queen of Flyers,"
the
California Limited
San Francisco
to Chicago
on the
SANTA 'FE
Leaves San Francisco
at 9:00 a. m. daily.
i Dunn, a" native of -Ireland, aged 48 years 8
, months and 20 day*.'-;'. : ',*;,.
CyFrleiids anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 'thla day
(Monday), at. 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
>* parlors of Porter '& White, 122 Eddy ¦ street.
i Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' " - '
EAGAN-In" this: city, March 24. - 1901.' at 204
; 8t.\Rose Btreet. LIHIe." beloved' and youngest
: daughter of Jamea and Catherine Eagan, and
:. sister of James, Annie, Alice. Lena, Agnes
¦ and Walter Kagan ¦ and Mrs. E. Daly and
Mrs.iW. Cleary, a native of San' Francisco.
GKEFFE— In this city, March 24, 1901, Joseph-"
Ine Greffe, beloved . wife of Charles Greffe,
and mother of Eusene and ' Pauline Greffe.
and' mother-in-law of Julia. Pauline, and
grandmother of Ettune, Marie and Juliette
Pauline, a native of France.
ICFuneral notice hereafter.
HANSEN— In this city, March 23, 1301, Bertha
Hansen, beloved wife of Otto Hansen. and
mother of Alfred, William, Elmer and Carl
Hansen, and sister of Mrs. C. Ellefsen, a
native of Norway, aged' 27 years 2 months
and 3 days. .
HIGOIN'S— In this city, March 23, 1901. Mrs.
Rose Hiffglns, a native of Ireland.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn .requiem mass .will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing ' at the above hour. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE, No. 20.— Dear
SiBters: You are , requested - to attend tho
funeral of our late sister, - Mrs. Rosa Hlg-
glns, this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from
St. Patrick's Church.
MKS. A. DEVINE." President.
MRS. M. BROWN, Secretary.
INGALLS— In San Jose, Cal., March 23, 1901,
Myra. daughter of John . M. and Emily H.
Installs, a native of California, aged 19 years.
LAUMEISTER— In thisj city, March 23. 1901,
Mary Emma Laumeister, dearly beloved wife
of Herrman F. Laumeister. and beloved
mother "of Frank W., Walter H. and the late
H. F. "Laumeister, a native of St.. Louis,
Mo., aeed 44 yearsTS months and 30 days.
(St. Louis. Mo., papers please copy.)
IHTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(¦Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2S Erie street, between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, Howard and Mission. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Fourteenth and illusion streets.
TO'* the officers and members of California
Hive No. 23, cf the Ladles of the Maccabees:
You are requested to be present at above fu-
neral. By order of
ALICE KOLLITT. R. K.
LOWE^In this city, March 24, 1901, Grace Ma-
rie, beloved daughter of Katie and the late
Jamea Martin Lowe, a native of San Fran-
cisco, agred 3 months and 24 days.
McCAUTHV— In this city, March 23. 1901.
David, beloved < husbana of Marvraret Mc-
Carthy, father of Leona McCarthy, beloved
son of David and Marcaret McCarthy, and
brother of Charles and Frank McCarthy, a
naliv» of Nevada City, Cal., aged 34 years
5 months and 4 days.
C7The funeral . will take place, this day
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Golden Gate avenue, thence to St.
-Maryls Cathedral, Van , Ness avenue, where
a requiem niasx will be celebrated for the
reposo of his eoul, commencing at 8 o'clock. ¦
'Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.
McKAY— In this city,"* March 23, 1901. Daniel
J.. beloved husband of the late Katherine
'McKay, father ' of - Edward P. McKav, and
brother of John McKay and Mrs. J. J. Bea-
•ton, a native of Prince Edwards Island. Can-
ada, aged 55 years. • • .
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
; of: his brother. John McKay, 410 Hermann
•street, near Buchanan, thence to, the First
United Presbyterian Church, corner' of Golden
Gate avenue and, Polk street, where services
will be held, commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
UcKENPHV-In -this city, March 23. 1D01.
John, beloved husband of -Jane MqKendry,
and rather of Samuel G;, John. Tlllie, Annie.
.Tame*. Mamie and:Isaltel McKendry and
Mrs. Thomas Fullerton, a native of Ireland,
asert 52 years 9 months and 19 days. (New
.1 ork papers please copy.) . -:
1 |t:y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, m Minnesota street, : between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth.' 1
MITCHELL— In Oakland, March 24, 1901. Sam-
uel T. A., beloved husband of Ann Mitchell,
a native of England, aged 53 years 10 months |
and 27 days. •
MURPHY— In this city. March 23. 1901. Mary
Josephine, beloved daughter of Thomas and ,
the late Katherine Murphy, and sister of
William. Anna. Affnes, Frank and the late
John Henry Murphy," a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 years and 4 days.
. [cyfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 354 Linden avenue, thonce to Sacred
•Heart Church for. services.-— Interment . Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
NOETHIG— In this city, March 23. 1901. Joseph,
beloved Infant son of Adolph and Elizabeth
NoethiR. a native of San Francisco. ¦
NOLTING— In Alameda. March 24, 190L John'
Bernard, beloved son of the late William H.
and Elizabeth . Noltine, and brother of Wil-
liam, Kd'vard and Amelia Nolting and Mrs.
Edward Krehmke, a native of San. Fran-
cisco, n red 35 years. ...
XORTON- Jn this . cltyv March -23, 1901.- John
Lewis, beloved husband of Eva r F. Norton,
father of John W Albert J.. Evy M. and
May Norton, and brother of Thomas F.. Nor-
ton, a native of San Francisco, t
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral this day
(Monday).- at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1917- Polk street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
I*ONTAC— In this city. March 24, 1901. Pierre
.Pontae. a native of France, aged 53 years.
>. EXFUneral notice heraftcr.. -.
POWERS— In this city! March 24. 1901. Mer-
_vln, beloved infant child of William and
Catherine Powers; a native . of California,
ased 10 months.
. £3r Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
SANDOW— Near Handsburgv' Kern County,
Cal., March 23, 1&01, George,' beloved husband
of Dora Enitel Sandow (nee Warnecke), and
father of George A.; Ida and Harry Lovell
'Handow. and brother of Mrs. Theo. Wag-
ner and Frank H. Sandow, a native of Ber-
lin. Germany, a«ed 46 years.
-. B3r Notice of funeral hereafter. .
SIMONSEN— In Oakland, at 415 East Sixteenth
street. March 24, 1901, Nicholas, beloved hus-
baml of Julia Simor.sjn. and father of Ella
M., Err.eut H., Otto. Gu?taf and Louise F.
' Slmor.Fen. a native of Germany, ' aeed D7
years 10 months and 26 days. Formerly of
'Cold Creek. White Pine County, Nev.
STVNTON— In Haywards, Cal.. March 24, 1901,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Michael
Stanton, and mother of William, John, Nora
and the late Kate Stanton. a native of
County Tlpperarj'. Ireland, aged 67 years and
5 da;a. . '.¦¦'.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from All
Saints* Church. ¦ Haywards. the Rev. Father
Lally officiating,' where a requiem high mass
will-be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Catholic Cemetery, Haywardg.
W1LZINSKI— In this " city, March 21, 1901.
Frances Wllzinskt of Seattle, Wash., beloved
ulater of Maria. Virginia, Mark and William
Wllzlnskl and Albert .Wllzln. and. aunt of
Mirinm Goodman, a 'native of New York.
(Seattle and Portland papers please copy.)
(jy Friends are reepectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Mon-
day) I at 2 o'clock, at 2018 Bush Htreet'. In-
terment' Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30
'o'clcck train from Third and. Townsend
. streets. , .
WITHAM— In this city,. March 23. lMl.^Charles
B. V.'Itham, beloved son of Lydla A. and
• the Into "William Witham, and brother of
Walter D., William L. and Daisy A. Witham
and Mrs. W. P. Plummet,
— C^Frlends. and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at late residence,
2410 Washington street. Please omit flowers.
.Interment private. - • •
BAJXWAT TRAVIEL.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd I Ovrl'd | Local
Daily. Daily- 1 Daily. Da'.ly.
Lv. 5an Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:10 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:» p
•• Merced .. 1!:S5 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
' " ' Fresno .. t:V> p J:35 p 3:W a
•• Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
•• Vbalia . 4:10 p 4:19 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare .. 4:S7 p 4:17 p R:<tt a
•• Bksfleld. t:ZO p 5:10 p 7:20 a ........
•' Kan. Cty 2:41 a 7:."!0 a .... —
" Chicago ..i i:K P 0:00 P
a for mcrninr. . p for afternoon.
11:00 a.' m. train is' the California Umit«4.
Carrylrm I'alare sleeping C»rs and r>tnln<
Cars throuch to Chicasa Chair Car run^
to Bakerfflcld fcr accommodation of local
flr«t class parcengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally,
i 4-*0 p. m. ts Stockton fiscal. Correspond.
Ins train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
g-CO p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and-Tourlst Sleepers and
free Kecllnlnc Chair Car. aiso Palace
Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
ipondlns train arrives nt .6:55 p. m. lat'.y.
7-*0ra m. is CaV^rsfl^ld Local, stopping
at all polr.t* In Fan Joaouln Valley. Corre-
*pon<llnff train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Uaiket street and in . Kerry
Depot, San Francisco; 1US Broadway, Oak-
land. • •••/-¦After speaking of the work accomplished
by the home missions, Dr. Dickey dwelt
at considerable length upon the Influence
for good exerted by the foreign missions.
"While 'we lost some of our missionaries
In China," said he, "we will never abaji
don the work. "We will go on with re
newed vigor and haye It understood tha:
we will never ask for vengeance. We wil
answer the Chinese by sending more mis
sionaries to them. We -forgive them foi
Lenten Services for Business Men.
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew has ar
ranged a series of Lenten services to! be
held in the Chamber of Commerce. These
meetings will be held during the luncheon
hour, from 12 to 1 o'clock, so that business
men who are unable to attend church may
have an opportunity to be present at re
lirious worship. .
The services will begin to-morrow and
will be continued through the week. The
following, named will conduct j the meet-
Ings: Rev. F. W. Clampett. Rev. G. E.
Swan, Rer.-L.-C. Sanford. Rev. Herbert
Parrish. Rev. E. J. Lion and Rev. -W.. F.
Nichols.
JIBS. HAMMOND BEMEMBERS
' ASSOCIATED CHABITIES
Gives Her Check for Three- Hundred
Dollars to Treasurer
S. W. I«evy.' .''.
Mrs. John Hays^ Hammond yesterday
gave her check for W0 to S. W. Levy,' to
be used in the interest of the Associated
Charities. The gift was totally unexpect
ed and filled the philanthropist- with a
great joy.
Mr Levy and Mrs. Hammond were as
sociated in associated charity work many
years ago. and In recalling old times
¦Mr Levy mentioned the fact that for the
first time since organizing the Associated
Charities had been obliged to appeal to
the public _ ' -¦ ' .
"Let me rive you $200 for your pet char
ity " said Mrs. Hammond, and while Mr.
Levy was pouring out his thanks the lady
stepped over to. her desk and wrote out
••I have changed my mind." said Mrs.
Hammond, handing the old gentleman her
check; "I have made it out for $300 in
stead of $200. I think you can find use
Mrs." Hammond's check comes in most
usefully, for the exchequer of the-Asso
ciated Charities at present is at a very
low ebb.
what, they have caused us to suffer be
cause they are blind to the truth and
know no better."
Dr. Dickey In conclusion told of the
steady growth of the Presbyterian
Church. "One hundred years ago," said
he, "It had less than one hundred min
isters; to-day it has 8000 preaching the
gospel of truth." • ¦
The ' prayer of benediction was said by
the Rev. James W. Woodworth, and the
audience dispersed after singing "God
Bless Our. Native Land."
-Dr. Dickey will address the Ministerial
Union to-day at 920 Sacramento street.
pastors of this city for the good work
they have accomplished and performed
for the church we all love." .
Dr. Dickey then paid high tribute to
California, saying, that • Its snowclad
mountains and fertile valleys reminded
him more forcibly than anything he had
ever seen before of "the kingdom of Jesus
Christ." He next spoke of the celebration
to be held in May, when object lessons
will be given of the work accomplished
by the Presbyterian Church. After brief
ly touching on the matter of the church
Indebtedness, he said that Presbyterians
could not better mark the new century
LARGE AUDIENCE IN METROPOLITAN HALL LISTENS TO REV. C. A.
DICKEY, MODERATOR OF THE PRESBYTERIAN' CHURCH. TALK
OF PROGRESS MADE IN RELIGIOUS WORK. .
p»rp^HE Rev. C. A. Dickey, D. D., mod-
I . erator of the General Assembly of
I the Presbyterian Church, and who
\X. is making a tour of the United
States, was listened to with inter
est last night by an audience that filled
every seat In Metropolitan Hall. Even
ing services were not held In any of the
local Presbyterian churches, in order that
the members of the several congregations
might have an opportunity of hearing Dr.
Dickey, who is acknowledged to be one
of the foremost speakers of the time on
matters pertaining to that religious be
lief. He is an earnest lecturer, and from
the moment of his introduction until he
concluded his remarks he carried with
him the attention and interest of his
listeners. '
The services last night, which were of
the nature of a mass meeting, were
opened with an invocation by the Rev.
J. S. Thomas and a brief scripture lesson
by Rev. W. K. Guthrie. After the sing
ing of an appropriate hymn by a selected
choir, the Kev. E. H. Avery offered up a
prayer and then introduced Dr. Dickey.
"It seems almost unnecessary," said Dr.
Avery. "to introduce Dr. Dickey, for he
is well known to you all by reputation, if
not personally. He is an earnest ex
pounder of the doctrines of our faith and
is engaged in a crusade far holler than
the crusade of Peter the Hermit. He is
telling the people of this land that their
gifts and prayers will go far toward de
termining the character of the new cen
tury we have Just entered into. His of
fice is as high if not higher than that of
any bishop in the ¦world." ¦
"I hardly have breath left in me," said
Dr. Dickey, "to speak to such an audi
ence, for you have almost taken It away
by your hearty welcome. I desire, how
ever.'ito express to you my profound grat
itude," not alone for the expression of re
spect shewn me. but also for the church
I am for a brief time to represent. I also
wish to congratulate the Presbyterian
president of the Risdon Iron and Locomo
tive Works.
"Rumors that a general strike of ma
chinists was contemplated during the
month of May." said Captain Taylor,
"have reached us. Just what form the
demands will take I do not know. Some
say that the 1st of May has been select
ed" as the date, and others fix" the 20th as
the day. So far only rumors of an im
pending strike have reached us.
"No official communication has come
from any organized body of machinists,
so what they may demand in the % way of
increased pay or shorter hours I cannot
say. AsHo whether the movement will
start in the East and spread to San Fran
cisco or start here and gather in every
machine' shop and manufacturing plant
In the United States we are in doubt. In
fact, all I can say is that the rumors are
persistent, and the threatened demand is
a subject for very earnest consideration
among the employers of this class of
labor."
At labor headquarters but little was
known regarding the strike inaugurated
Saturday at the Union Iron -Works. The
men who went out, it is said, recently
formed a union which does not affiliate
with the Building Trades Council. It is
a member, however, of the international
federation. The machinists have a strong
union in this city which meets on the
first and third Wednesday of each monUi
The last meeting was held. on March 20.
The action taken at that time has not yet
been made public But as the date fixed
by Mr. Scott is Just sixty days from- the
date of the last meeting, it is not Im
probable that the interim is to be utilized
In preparing for the struggle that Is to
come. :.".'-- ¦
Asks Believers in the Creed to Open Gentury by Freeing
the Church From AH Debt.
Apparently the strike of the fitters-up
of the Union Iron Works Is but a pre
lude to a greater one which, according
to resolutions recently adopted, is sched
uled for May 20. The machinists have
Fignified their intention to demand on
that date a decfease In hours of labor
from ten to nine and an increase in pay
cf JTU j>er cent. The strike may become
general and extend to every shop in the
city and State where the machinists are
employed. It may go even further and
extend throughout the United States.
Officials of the Union Iron Works have
been expecting the strike of the fltters
vp for some time and did not express
surprise when some sixty men laid down
their tools at noon on Saturday. No
written demand has yet been filed with
the company, and it was not until 4
o'clock that afternoon that the main
office was apprised of the walkout.
"Prosperity brings its troubles alike to
the manufacturer and the workingman,"
said Irving M. Scott at his residence yes
terday. "We are laboring here under
conditions which will not permit us to
practically advance the pay of these
strikers 10 per cent. We are Soing ousi
ness on a margin of 5 per cent, and In
consequence cannot consent to such an
increase.
•I have all along told our employes,
who can work here CC3 days in the year,
that if wages are first advanced in the
Kastern Stales, so that the same relative
margin of profit may be maintained, we
will meet any just demands for an in
crease. The machinists have notified us
that on and after May a) they will de
mand an Increas-e or one-eighth In pay.
and a decrease of l'J per cent in worKing
hours. I have centered all the energies
of my life in bringing the Union Iron
Works up to the present state of effi
ciency, but to meet this demand will sim
!•!>• mtan to close down the works until
ibe men tee the error of their ways."
"What effect will the present strike
have in relation to the launching of the
Ohio?" was asked Mr. Scott.
•The Ohio was ready for launching a
year ago." he replied, "but the failure
of Congress to settle the armor-plate
question has been the cause of tbe delay.
Oa all contracts we have a strike clause.
The present one, unless it reaches to
other branches of labor, will not seriously
inconvenience us.
"The threatened strike of the machin
ists is. however, a more serious problem.
The date is the Monday following the
launching of the Ohio. As Saturday. May
IS. will be a noiiday in the yards, it might
as well be said that it will go Into -iffect
on that date. I think if the machinists
here would wait until conditions were
changed and wages increased in the Kast
their demands could be more satisfactor
ily met and adjusted. Trade unionism
has ruined England, until to-day she is
compelled to send to the United States
for American productions, such as rail
way iron, steel bridges and other articles
of which at one time she had a manufac
turing monopoly.
"On the Continent wages are even
lewer. On the Eastern seaboard the work
figman cannot do Justice to his labor in
the cold of the winter, and must lay off
during the heat of summer. That means
loss of time and money. But here, under
ideal conditions of climate, permitting
him to labor all the year around, he gets
better wages and steady work. I trust
the difficulty may be bridged over, but
th« demands are too exorbitant for con
gideration."
That there is a general feeling of unre-t
imong capitalists interested in work re
quiring skilled machinists is evident from
the remarks of Captan AV. H. Taylor.
Situation Is Regarded With
Alarm by Heads oi
Local Firms.
Shorter Hours, More
Pay, Form Basis
of Demands.
MACHINISTS
CONTEMPLATE
GREAT STRIKE
MODERATOR DICKEY SPEAKS
OF PRESBYTERIAN PROGRESS
$25 to San Diego and Return.
With privilege, of stopover ¦ atT j Santa
Barbara and' Los" Angeles. 1 't Tickets ', good
30 days. Tickets sold at; this rate only
during the month of March. * Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's ticket; office. ,4 New.
Montgomery : street, under "Palace -"Hotel/
DANCERS SPEND PLEASANT
TIME IN EINTRACHT ¦ ttat.t.
Large Crowd Attends the Ball Given
, by the yerein'-Eintracht Turn
' . - Sch. western.
The semi-annual ball "of the Vereln Ein
tracht >Turn . Schwesterh at EIntract Hall
last night -attracted a large | crowd. -The
music ¦, was -excellent" ajid : the - selection . of
dances ' afforded those who -, attended am
ple opportunity to Indulge in tersichorean
delights. • The committees that managed
the affair were: \ •-.'¦? ; . . ' ' ;
* Arrangements— Miss 'A.' Gerichten. Miss H.
EKberg and MIsb A.Baltz. . .. ¦. .-¦¦¦¦, ..•».
.- Floor— R.- Wagner (manager), A. Kuenzl (as
sistant), -F.' BecKer,' a.\Hotop. A. H. Freund,
W. Helnlcke and IC.i Scott. J ¦' • -
'¦ >" Reception— Mrs. • K.> Schmidt. Mrs. William
Schepj>Ier\and'Mrs.'H:.Stahl: . -',:'¦ '
BOY INJURED BY ;:•
AN ELECTRIC CAR
Peter Badaracco, Aged ; Eight Years,
; Probably, Fatally Injursd on'
* ' Broadway. • -
Peter Badaracco, ; aged eight , years, liv
ing at-1108 Kearny > street, was struck by
an east-bound Broadway car last /night
and sustained. a possible fracture 1 of the
skull. He was at once • removed to » the
Harbor Hospital, where his injury : was
temporarily treated. On account of • the
severe shock, it is doubtful if he, will re
cover. The unfortunate boy attempted to
cross the street In front or the cars when
he was .struck. The motorman, whose
name ¦¦ is H. L. Howard, . was arrested
shortly after, the' accident and charged
with battery. He was " immediately re
leased on bail. ' • -
There is soon to be. a resignation from
the nursing staff at the General Hospital,
Presidio, that will be little relished by tho
officers in charge, the patients or the hos
pital corps" men. Miss Isabel Cowan, who,
since August, 1S99, 'has served In the ca
pacity of chief nurse, ; has tendered her
resignation and will leave for her home in
Iowa as soon as » official notice , of its ac
ceptance has been sent her -by the ch'ef
nurse at Washington.
Miss Cowan's services to the soldiers re
turning sick and wounded to the hospital
from the Philippines have been Invalu-'
able. Kind-hearted and gentle, her treat
ment of the men has endeared her to tho
many thousands: that have been treated
at the hospital.* Her as, a nurse
has been proven more than once and the
admirable manner in which the. force of
thirty r six female nurses at the hospital
has performed its duties is testimony of
her executive ability. -\
Miss Cowan will leave" the hospital pos
sessing the love and esteem of every one
with whom she has had . dealings, either
as nurse or head of the staff of nurses in
the largest military hospital In the Unit
ed States. The news of her intended de
parture was received" with : expressions' of
regret from every one connected with the
immense institution, mingled with hearty
wishes for success in the private life to
which she is retiring." . -, r M
, No one has j r et been named for the po
sition made vacant by Miss Cowan's re
signation. -The duties of the position are
of an arduous nature and the choice of a
nurse to fill the place cannot be made in
a. moment., The selection • rests with the
authorities in Washington. •..,¦•" ' -
Miss vlsabel Cowan, Chief
; "Nurse at General Hos
pital, Resigns.
SOLDIERS LOSE
NOBLE FRIEND
CONDUCTOR COWS
MOB OF SOLDIERS
Holds Them at Bay by
V Motion as if to Draw
a Revolver.
.- « - ,
Many soldiers ran amuck on Barbary.
Coast last night, and a provost guard was
required to assist the police in quelling
riots. An attack was made upon the con
ductor of a Union-street car at
street, but the railway employe's daring
held an angry mob of thirty fighters back
until the arrival, of policemen. • . •¦•
Early in' the evening several ; hundred
soldiers left the Presidio, and before many
hours many of them had consumed much
whisky served out in dance halls and
dives. They created trouble, and a pro
vost guard was at once sent out to order
every soldier in the city to report imme
diately at military headquarters. ; From
one particular location . a , crowd of thirty
disorderly men was "started in the direc
tion of : the ; Presidio. .Near the corner of
Dupont street arid Montgomery avenue
they boarded a street car and refused to
pay fare. Police were called and the'ob
stinate paBsengers.were ejected.
As quickly as the car started again the
soldiers followed and succeeded In catch
ing it again , near Stockton street. -They
forced 'the grlpinan to stop and then at
tempted to climb aboard the rear coach
for the. purpose of assaulting the con
ductor. When the latter saw them com
ing he placed his hand to his hip pocket
and declared that he would shoot the first
man who approached him. While he was
unarmed and his game only, a bluff, he
kept the mob at bay until Policemen
Bakulich and Wall arrived, and , with
drawn clubs permitted the car to proceed
on Its way. .
SEVENTH INTANTRY f)
I' CAMPED, AT PRESIDIO
Companies From Idaho and , Wash
ington ; Occupy Quartsrs in
', Model ; Camp.
* Companies = M and C. , Seventh Infantry,
arrived at the Presidio '< yesterday" morn
ing and went into camp; In the lower por
tion . of . Model Camp." "'. Company : C . is from
Vancouver • Barracks." 'Washington. - and
Company M is from Camp Osborner Idaho.'
.There are now, four, companies; of, the Sev
enth at ; the f Presidio, under : the command
of •-.¦; Captain y Wallace and Lieutenants
Rosenbaum. -.. Bent; ".Otwell., Knox,"> Berry
and ; Kost.; ' ..-.¦.¦,
¦. Corporal W.E. : Ford, Company, E, For
ty-first--Infantry, 4 , died lyesterday 'at^the
general hospital of dysentery. .'
DISCOURSES ON THE
TAKING AWAY OF SIN
Rev. A. H. Briggs Delivers Sermon
to Young Men at Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium.
The Rev. A. H. Briggs conducted the
services for young men yesterday after
noon at the Young Men's Christian .'Asso
ciation auditorium. After the, singing of
several hymns by the Knickerbocker
quartet. Dr. Briggs preached 'from the
text in a verse of one of St. John's
epistles "We know that he was manifest
ed to take away our sins."
"Some people are averse to acknowl
edging that there is sin in the world,"
said Dr. Brigga, "but that it does exist
is a 'cold- bare fact.- The smart set of
New York City was horrified when Dr.
Huntlngton and Dr. Hamilton called Its
attention to the fact that sin in its worst
form hovered m'its midst.' It worried the
members of the smart set,' but there -was
no • gainsaying ; that* the evils were there.
While therefore we are agreed that there
is sin, we have it on' the authority of St.
John that the Savior was manifested to
wipe It out. It Is a tremendous truth, but
we should ; appreciate it, and if there is
any way of getting rid of sin- it is: well
worth knowing. The Lord points out the
way; and = you have but to follow him to
avoid^the pitfalls."
AWAIT j GOVERNOR'S ACTION
ON NATIONAL GUARD BILL
Young Men Enlisting to Enable
Them to Go to the Military
Camp.
The members of the National Guard are
anxiously awaiting the action of Governor
Gage in the matter of the amended Na
tional Guard law, wnich • he received a
few days before the adjournment of the
Legislature. If he signs the hill it will,
it is asserted, arouse a spirit of enthus
iasm in the rank and file, and do much' to
make the guard the active body that the
citizens expect it should be; but, if he
pockets the bill, it *s more than likely that
the feeling that now prevails will be main
tained.
At this particular time there is, as on
all occasions when there is to be an en
campment of the guard, a little more ac
tivity. A number of young men who have
leisure and want to be soldiers for a lit
tle wmie, bo as. to ko into . camp for a
week, are Joining the companies, and
after the camp is over there will be a
number of .men discnarged from the ser
vice of the State on account of removal.
The division encampment that will be
established on June 22 at Santa Cruz and
continued for a week will be the largest
gathering of the guard at any one point
that has ever been known in the history
of the armea force of the State.
Twenty-eight men have been discharged
from the Fifth Infantry— 21 on account of
removal, 4 at: expiration of term of ser
vice and 3 for the good of the service.
Corporal J. F. Johnson.. Company I,
Fifth Infantry. »>as at his own request
been reduced to the ranks as private.
Private A. W. Gray has been appointed
corporal of Company A. Corporal B. A.
Wallman of Company I. has been pro
moted to sergeant, and Privates A.. L.
Young and- R. P. Aylward of the same
company have been appointed corporals.
. A meeting of representatives of five or
ganizations of business men of this city,
namely the San Francisco Board of
Trade, the- Chamber of ¦« Commerce," the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, the Produce Exchange and the Mer
chants' Association, will be held this aft
ernoon in the rooms of the Board of
Trade. The ostensible business Is to name
a candidate' for the position of Harbor
Commissioner to" succeed Major Haxney,
whose term has expired, and to recom
mend' him to. the Governor for appoint
ment. The meeting has beeh kept very
quiet, and although there has been some
talk of . It among the knowing - ones for
several days,' .the meeting Is supposed to
be a secret affair.
There are . two views entertained con
cerning it by those who have been in
vited to be present. One view Is that .the
Governor has made, a very shrewd move
to have the business men recommend a
candidate whom he desires to appoint, and
at the same time to win the favor of the
business community of San Francisco by
taking the man whom they name. The
other view is that the idea arose sponta
neously In 'the Merchants'. Association,
where it was first heard of by -the busi
ness men, and that the Governor is still
ignorant of what is going on and there
fore has no agency in the meeting.
Several gentlemen who have been asked
to represent the bodies to' which they be
long, respectively, were seen yesterday,
but all professed not* to know that any
candidate had teen 'selected' for them' to
indorse. The names of Wakefleld Baker,
Isaac Upham and J. B. Stetson have been
mentioned as being acceptable to the busi
ness community. Baker has already de
clared that he is not a candidate. Stetson
Is the president of a. railroad company
and has favors to ask of the Harbor Com
mission. Possibly the choice of the meet
ing will not fall upon any of those named.
The very fact that the meeting has been
kept so quiet and that no one is openly
put forward for the indorsement is taken
by some to indicate that some one has the
name of the lucky man and will present
it at the proper time, and that if the man
named Is not objected to by the business
men at the meeting he will be recom
mended ta.the Governor. . .. '
There haVe been two executive sessions
of the directors of the Merchants' Asso
ciation at which the idea of recommending
some one to the Governor came up. The
directors have a practice of not saying
anything to any outsider of what is going
on in the privacy of executive sessions,
but it is known that there has been some
opposition to the plan of holding a meet
ing for the purpose described. One.di
rector said that even if a suitable candi
date should be brought into the field it
would be unwise for the association to be
come responsible in any degree for the
actions of any one in a political position.
At the second executive session of the di
rectors of the association it was voted to
call the meeting. Accordingly, invitations
went out late last week to the organiza
tions that have been named to send three
representatives | each to the conference.
The delegations may or may not include
the presidents of the respective bodies.
That is optional. Several declinations to
serve have been received, but it is sup
posed that all vacancies will be filled and
that fifteen business men will be in at
tendance this afternoon. They may not
recommend any man for the position of
Harbor Commissioner. Some of the dele
gates are reported to favor asking the
Governor to name a business man for the
position, but leaving the selection of the
individual entirely to him. The opinion
is stronger that a name will be recom
mended. ¦ ¦
Five Organizations Invited to Send
Three Hepresentati ves , Bach to
Recommend Major Har- -
n«y's Successor.
ASKED TO NAME
A COMMISSIONER
Business Men May Select
New Member of tbe
Harbor Board.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MAKCH 25, 1901.
¦ • ¦ . . ¦ ...
than by seeing their church out of debt.
"Let us put the Presbyterian Church
and Presbyterian education. to the front,"
said he. "and the first step In that direc
tion should be the freeing of the church
from debt. When that is accomplished, if
I had my way, I would build a fence so
high around the church that renegades
from other creeds.- if not educated, could
not climb over It." ......
10
M1SSI0NJRBCERS
THREE-DAY SALE.
TO-DAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY.
PHONZ MISSION ».
COFFEE, -». nd per ID 25c!
Remember, better cannot be bought.
EGGS. .elected per dcz 17^
Direct from Highland Poultry Farm.
COCOA. GWrardelU'. i-fo £80 20C
Quickly made. '. Rer 25c.
JELL-O, 3^» iOttlde " m 3 pkgs 25c
RsjJb., stb. and Lei .on. Ree. 10c.
TOMATOES, toSfcjc !0c
Lttett pack; no better sold. Reg. 12&c.
MATCHES, ?^^ b rand w pkg 50c
- Eaxh raf-kaee contains 144 boxes.
PEARLINE, aH& 3 pkg5 25c
Makes washlnr easy. Rer. 10c.
CATSUP, KER 3 for 25c
Made from ripe Tomatoes.
BACON. 2g& cured P3r Ib I5c
Emcked and cured; East. Rer. lSc.
FLOUR. Oar own brand per S3Ck 80C
I» made from the most selected and
and choicest wheat. . s, -- _
T.H. CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 Valencia Street,
SOUTHEAST CORKER TWENTT-THIRD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- Trapper' ¦ Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.'
Drui-suts. ' 60c luk. Klchards & Co..' 40« Cltjr. •
GOLDBEBG, BOWEN * CO'S SPECIAL SATINS SALE
BDWEN /
Refrigerators
Porcelain — beauti fully
designed perfectly con-
structed — ice savers — tile
and oak exterior with nickel
mountings — whole car all
sizes just arrived.
1 Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee
: Pasha blend— reg'ly 35c Ib— •> - i r
pure and good tMMftj / i
Tea.
Mandarin Nectar — Foochow rrir
Oolong— "Bee" Ceylon— _~ 5 OC
reg'ly 60c Ib _
Bacon
reg'ly 20c Ib .
Pirn - o 1 a s
Baby-reg'Iy 20c 3 bottles COC
bottle^ — olives ° J
.stuffed with peppers
M 11 s t a r d
French — ready to use — . T - —
reg'ly 20c bottle l c . v ",'¦ \ v J
G 1 n - 2 e r
China — preserved — T _._
reg'ly 20c pot 5
5 ?• Lentils >
German— extra large _. il b - __
ones-reg'ly ioc lb* 3^ lbs 2 5 C
Gel at i n e
Cox— large size— :'-. , rn
reg'ly 20c package << " * 5^
Figs
Imported Smyrna— T rr% -
reg'ly 20c lb X 5 C
F r u it s
" Strawberries— raspberries— , nr
in heavy syrup— reg'ly 25c can *-'*¦'
C ockt a i 1
Imperial~6 klpds — ready to -. «
use— reg'ly Si 25 bottle 9 UL
{Gog nac li'
Bottled In France— • § j 20
••3 star— reg'ly $1 50 bottle "^
W hi sky
Old mellow rye — 7cc -<*/
,, reg'ly $1 bottle— 54 gallon (/¦>. *. * \
G i n ger a 1 e ;
Vartray— reg'ly $i 25 dozen — gj tq
also sarsaparilla \J, '
T om a to e s
' Alcalde— solid packed -5 ran* i rn
-rreg'lyioccarT 3 cans 25 C .
FIVE SPECIAL BARGAINS.
We Have on hand aLout 365 pairs FINE
WHITE BLANKETS, being the balance of our
winter stock. And commencing MONDAY,
March 25th, we will offer the entire lot at
prices much lower than same goods can he
made for at the present time, All these
Blankets were made for us bu the Golden Gate
-Woolen Mills, which is a full guarantee for
the duality and finish of the goods.
NOTE THE PRICES.
70 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, three- CO 7C p Q j r .
/miarter Del size OOtlO rail
80 pairs WHITE BLANKETS*, three- OA nfl Pair
auarter Ded. size (extra heavy) Ot"iUU fall
125 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, full lied Ql QQ D^jr
60 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, extra size OP nil Doir
(California wool).. ODiUU rdll
30 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, extra size 07 flfl Doir
(Australian wool) O I lUU idll
In connection • with this sale of Blankets we will
offer 4 cases WHITE SATIN FINISH MARSEILLES
-BEDSPREADS, full size, hemmel anl reaiu for use,
at S2.OO and S2.5O each; anl 15 cases extra
Quality SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS, prlntel sllkollne
covering, $1.50 each.
III, 113. 115. 117. 119. !2! POST STREET.
GOLDBEHU. BOWEN * CO'S SPECIAL 3 ATCTO SALE
String beans
Clear Lake^ — i
• reg'ly 15c can "> TT l^ a C
Codfish 1
Eastern— -Georges— whole— lb jq C
9 choice middles ,)» ' lb J2 x c
L i s t e r i n e bottle 65c
Listerated tooth powder " 2 OC
French soap ,
Roger & Gallet— Pinaud— /L _ '
«g'y75C box— 3 cakes ooc
A m m o,.n i a
Violet — lavender — m —
reg'ly 30c bottle 2^ c
433 Pine 132 Sutler 1S00 Callfosnta San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
Automobile
Spectacles*-
SOMETHING NEW IN EYE
PROTECTORS.
Oculists' rrescrlptlons filled. Factory en
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Mala 10.
642 Market 5t. instruments
under cmbowcu Bun.DiN6. CATALOGUE FrIC.
LaBSffW ¦.%£&. 9 fF^^eS
E9 I&UH si TM* «3 ml «w Vr!
wBk 3 9 * «¥"•& a m JpL^fela
S'pa fan \l rrffi? Pf M^tojK
Us a il WH I iHl a Ms
t SERGE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
, R WEAK WOMEN.
DR.MCNULTY.
n*nis wull-kxows and bribable old
I Specialist cures Blood Puison.GonorrnoBa.Oiee:,
Strlctarr, H«ni!n«l We aVnes». Impotence and tfjeir
allied Disorders. I'.ook on Diseases of Me". (?•«.
Over20yearsVxper'ence.Ternn^rea»r>nahle. Hour*.
9to3d»ily;6::»u>«.20«VK*.Sund»T-*.10tol:i. C<>n*ul-
tatiou I reeand sacrediy confidential. Call or address
F. KOSCOK JIcXt'LTY. 31. D. .
80K KcarnySf.. SanFranciaco^Csl-
1A7. T. HESS.
IXTARY *P33Iiio:iS3 ATm.fif-A -M.A7T.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckela Bldj.
Telephone Brown 931.
i Residence. Sy California St.. below Powell.
San FrapcUco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
1 For the Cure or GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of Um
! unrans of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For sale by dru«lst*.
A FULL SET OF TEETH
. $5.00.
Comfortable, Natural-lookins Plate*
that jcu can chew with, made of best
material by : experienced workmen.
Paymsntby Installments.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
133 Powell Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.