BELOVED PROFESSOR JOSEPH LE CONTE
IS LAID TO REST AFTER SIMPLE SERVICE
IN HEARST HALL AT THE UNIVERSITY
PITTSBURG, July 11.— The labor con
ference at the Hotel Lincoln to-day failed
to come to any agreement. Another con
ference will be held to-morrow. The ob
ject of th« conference was the settlement
of the strike ordered by the Amalgamated!
Association of Iron, Steel and Tin "Work
ers in the mills of the American Sheet
Steel Company and In those of the Amer
ican Steel Hoop Company. The confer
ence also had another purpose in view*— >
the prevention of a general strike in all
the mills controlled by the United States
Steel Corporation, the two companies In
whose mills the strike had been ordered
being constituent companies of the great
steel combine.
Two sessions of the conference were
held to-day. The first convened shortly
after 10 o'clock in the morning. At noon
the meeting adjourned for dinner. At 2
o'clock in the afternoon the second ses
sion was convened, and was continued
until 3 o'clock. As a settlement within a
reasonable time was seen to be out of the
question, the conference adjourned to
meet at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Trust Managers Present.
The steel interests at the conference
weje represented by John "Warner of New
York, chief of the operating department
of the Sheet Steel Company; I. W. Jenk3
of Pittsburg, manager of the American
Steel Hoop Company; Hoyt Preston of
New York, late president of the American
Steel Hoop Company; Warner Arm3 and,
W. M. Leeds of New York, vice presi*
dents of the American Tin Plate Com
pany, and Charles XV. Bray of Pittsburg.
chief engineer of the'same company. Tbo
United States Steel Corporation Is said ta
have been indirectly represented by,
Messrs. "Warner and Preston.
At the afternoon session President Shaf
fer, in behalf of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation, formally presented the case foe
the organized workers and the strikers.
He laid stress upon the fact that until
this year the union had made no effort di
rectly to force a union in all the plants ofi
the combine for the reason that It 13
thought best to have that movement orig
inate and be carried on. among the work
men in the mills. . ,
Confronted by a Hew Condition.
Since last year, however, a new condN
tion confronted the union men. The offi
cials of the various companies had plainly
indicated, he said, that they are working!
on a policy for operating their non-union
plants in preference to the union mills and
only working the latter when It Is abso
lutely necessary. This plan, he declared,
is forcing the union men to desert the or
ganization in order to get work. The idlo
mills being union and the union men belnjj
rendered poverty-stricken as the price, for
being members of the organization, means
either that the Amalgamated Association
Is going to be disbanded soon or all tho
non-union mills will have to be mada
union, so that equal justice will be given
to all.
Matter of Life and Dsath.
It was a matter 'of life and death for the
Amalgamated Association that the non
union mills be done away with, Shaffer
said. The alleged methods adopted by tho
American Sheet Steel Company in prac
tically starving the employes of the Ofd
Meadow mills, in Scottdale. Into a non
union agreement was elaborated upon,
and the demand made by the company
that the mill be left out of the scale en
tirely in the future was taken as an Indi
cation of what .the general plan of the
company is in dealing with the Amalga
mated Association. It meant, he salfl.
slow starvation or else complete surrender
to the company, and the giving up of all
rights to organized union in their plants.
Denied by the Officers.
In reply to the statements of President
Shaffer the 'officers of the various compa
nies present gave an outline of their po
sition. They denied any intention of
working an injustice toward union work
men in their mills. The feeling for the
Amalgamated ; men had always been
friendly, they said, and they had no de
sire to force any trouble among them.
President Shaffer of the Amalga*
mated Association Says tha
lien Are Making Life / f .
and Death Fight. . ¦¦' ,<\
Managers of Mills Meet the
Representatives of the
Strikers.
The Billion Dollar Steel
Combine Is Still
Worried.
CONFERENCE
FAILS TO END
THE STRIKE
SOME OF. THE PROFESSORS. • REGENTS AND STUDENTS', OF-. THE VrjI?IVERSITY;-.OF . CALIFORNIA- WHO ,
MARCHED IN PROCESSION TESTERDAY'AT THE FUNERAL' IN 'BERKELEY OF PROFESSOR JOSEPH ?
LE CONTE. FROM SNAPSHOTS TAKENJBY A. CALL 'PHOTOGRAPHER. . ¦ " ." ', , ' " \
NEWPORT NEWS
STRIKE COMES
TO AN ENDING
. NEWPORT NEWS, Va.,
July 11.— -Tha strike of the
Newport News Shipbuilding
Company's machinists came
suddenly to an end to-night,
when by unanimous consent
the men decided to return to
•work Monday at the old scale.
The fact that ths machinists
could not obtain funds ¦with,
which to support the idle- men
and that the shipyard man
agement had demonstrated its
ability to fill the vacant
places are responsible for. the
defeat of the strikers.
Continued on ' Page l?Iv«.
At the close of this service the procesj
slon formed - and j led the": way to Hearst
Hall. It was headed by Professor String
ham and Professor Slate,' two of the deans
of the faculty, and the members of 'the
faculty followed, wearing their robes and
mortar-boards. President Wheeler walked
in their midst and the Regents followed":
After the Regents came a large number
of alumni, many prominent men being In
the ranks, and a delegation of undergrad
uates—men ; and- women,*, both • In cap "and
go wn— completed the collegiate " portion of
the . procession. ' The Rev. Mr. : Swan pre
ceded Bishop Nichols, who was followed
by the hearse. . _ - • ¦ • •
The. pallbearers were as follows: - j_
"William,. R.- Davis: and" Charles Wheeler for
the alumni ; Charles /W. Slack and - J. . B.l Rein- „
Btein ' for. the regents :'; Professors'. A." C. , Lawson.;
and ,W. E. RItter. of -Professor I*e Conte's de-/
partment ; '.- Professor ; Martin ; Kellogg - - E. js 4 W. *
Hllgard.- George ;. Davidson ;. and. Frederick (C.1
Hesse I for - the ' faculty •,¦> Charles \ E. Fryer and .
John 'M.'.Eshleman; for the student . body." » - .*•
Carl iiages.v" followed .""- the'.- hearse."!; The",
procession^ "rijoyed / slowly.' along.; Bancroft ,
way to 'Hearst 'Hall, prfilchl was crowded j
with alumni." and students and'.towns'peo'-
pie... Among ; the * hundreds ¦;' present, were
many who '.had come lorig distances to' pay;,
a final tribute to the memory of P. rcf essbiv
''Joe.''-" ¦-:.¦» .->--^ v • C'.i.l "¦-¦—'..",¦¦..'.-•,'¦; ¦; ';/"':¦
The' 1 Rev.. Mr. ; Swan led "the' procession'-
up the , center aisle - of the hall. Bishop
Nichols preceded !the casket, reading from
the .-Episcopalian.. service for -the df:ad.
The "casket";- was : carried by .six ' colored
men/Faculty and Regents and students
followed,', and as" the casket' was placed
upon "the dai3 prepared for It in front of
the platform, at the., uprer end^of trie- hall
the -faculty^, and Regent3 and pallbearers
took seatS'Upon the platform behind Pres
ident - Wheeler, Bishop Nichols 'and the
Rev." Mr.' Swan. ... > ' J . , -
Mrs. Le Gonte entered the hail upon the
arm of her- nepliew," Julian lie Gontc, and
the daughter,- Mrs;; R. 11^ Davis, .was ac
companied by Professor Cory. /They, were
seated directly In front of the casket, and
the alumni and students were given seats
in front on either side of them. The hall
was filled to tne doors and a crowd ex
tended down tlic: steps into the clubroom,
and many remained outside the building
entirely.
Around the casket . were banked the
floral offerings and potted plants, while
palms and other greenery decorated the
angles of the hall. Among the floral of
ferings .was a preat hasket of white roses
sent by the academic' council. A French
wreath of palm branches, sea lavender
and lilies of tbe valley, a most artistic
piece, made by Mrs. F. E. Woodworth,
was sent by.Mrs.iPhebe Hearst. The stu
dent body's offering was a great spray of
red and white carnations. - ¦
~i The services began with the chanting of
a. psalm by the California Quartet. Bishop
Nichols read the fifteenth -chapter of
First Corinthians.- The, quartet sang
"Abide "With Me," and the Rev. Mr. Swan
read the prayer" of the Episcopalian ser
vice.\ -A-. •¦-¦ X ¦ . -.
Memorial Service. Announced.
President "Wheeler stepped forward at a
sign from Bishop Nichols and said:
' At the .besinnins: of the academic semester
a memoriar service will be held in honor of
our, colleague; who'has passed from our view.
He stated then that, all who "desired
could : come . forward and look- upon the
face of Professor Le Conte for the last
time.
The procession left the hall in the order
and took a laat affectionate look at the
gentle face in the casket. Many of them
followed the body to Mountain View Cem
etery, where it was placed in the family
vault to await possible removal and burial
beneath the oaks of the Berkeley cam
pus or within the shadow of the towering
walls of his beloved Yose'mite.
The scholastic dignity of the ceremony
was in perfect harmony with its touching
simplicity. Clergymen In vestments, gray
haired professors and fresher faced youth
ful Instructors In faculty robes and mor
tar-boards, regents,' alumni and under
graduates In collegiate cap and gown
marched in procession from the residence
to Hearst Hail, and again, after the serv
ice, led the way from the. hall and along
the shady avenues of the college town.
No outbursts of sorrow disturbed the
serenity that nature gave the day. Keen
regret for the parting and sorrow that no
more would the great . teacher's kindly
smile be seen or his cheery volce.be heard
filled every heart. But grief that shakes
the body with sobs or that dries up the.
tears that would give relief was notice
ably absent. Death had come in Its least
repulsive form and had left those who
loved the venerable man composed In their
sorrow and reconciled to their loss. '
Service for Family at House.
A service at which only members of the
family were present was held at the resi
dence, 2737 Bancroft way, at 2 o'clock. It
was conducted by Bishop , William F.
Nichols and the Rev. G. E. Swan, rector
of St. Mark's Episcopal Church' of Berke
ley. ; i- : Q. ; - t
FCUH T-^W WAESHIPS
ON NAVAL PROGBAIOIE
Secretary I/ong Confines Eecommec
dr.tion to Two Battleships and
Two Armored Cruisers.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
TV.. TTASHINGTOX. July ll.-Two battle
ships and two armored cruisers will con
{=titt:te the programme which Secretary
Long will ask Congress to authorize dur
ir.g the coming session. In limiting his
recommendation to this number and class
of ships, the Secretary Is influenced by
the evident purpose of Congress to grant
thi? Increase of material. The last naval
appropriation law contained a provision
directing the Secretary of the Navy to
prepare designs for two battleships and
two armored cruisers. In accordance with
this direction the Board of Construction,
under the Secretary's order, is considering
the characteristics of the projected ships.
Because Congress neglected to authorize
any armorclads at Its last session the
feeling among navy officials is that there
ehculd be a large enough increase at the
comlrg session to make up for this fail
ure. Attention is. however, called to the
large number of warships under construc
tion and the delay in their completion.
In order to minimize the opposition on
this latter score to n«»w ships. Secretary
Long sent to-day a letter-to armor manu
facturers formally asking them to in
crease their deliveries. As the armor
companies have anounced their purpose
to meet the viewB of the Government the
department expects that the deliveries
will aggregate 1000 tons per month here
after Instead of 600 tons.
BOERS SEEN TO SHOOT
THE WOUNDED BEITISH
An Official Corroboration of Charges
Is Now Promised by the Eng
lish Government.
LOICDOX. July 11.— Official corrobora
tlon of the charges that the Boers mur
dered the British wounded at Vlakfon
telti promises soon to be forthcoming. In
the House of Commons to-day, replying
to questions of Henry Norman, Liberal,
War Secretary Brodrick read the tele
graphic correspondence with Lord Kitch
ener on the subject. The latter had at
first declared that the reports were un
founded, but he subsequently telegraphed
the statement of a wounded yeomanry of
ficer, corroborating the reports, and final
ly. June 9, informed Broderick that he
had the testimony of seven men to the
effect that they saw Boers shoot the
wounded. Lord Kitchener added that
sworn testimony was being forwarded.
PICKPOCKETS TRAVELING
WIT3 THE LEAGTJESS
COLORADO SPRINGS, July 1L— The
police of this city and Manitou were to-
<!ay notified of losses by pickpockets ag
gregating J1300. There have been no less
than eighteen or twenty cases reported.
It is believed that an organized gang of
pickpockets Is traveling with the Epworth
Leaguers. In nearly all cases nothing but
money is retained by the robbers, purses
end railroad tickets being left promiscu
ously about the streets. No arrests have
been made here as yet.
— _. '. .
7. .. ¦ ¦- -.¦•.¦.-' .%¦--, .. ¦: . ¦ T^ •
SIMPLE as his own gentle, unosten
tatious life 'had "been was "the":
funeral of Professor Joseph Le ,- |
Conte at Berkeley yesterday* aft- i
ernoon. There were no. eulogies .'
and no funeral sermon, and not even the
pomp of an extended funeral cortege was
invoked as a mark of honor to the mem
ory of the beloved teacher. ¦'
Hundreds cf well known men and.
women who had been associated with the
distinguished scientist or who had sat
in the lecture" room~and Imbibed Inspifa-""'
tion from the poetry and enthusiasm and
wisdom of Professor "Joe" gathered in -
Hearst Hall, listened reverentially to a
shortened Episcopal service "for "the'dead "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAXTLA, July XL — A report reaches
fcere from unofficial sources that the Fili
pino crew of the steamship Belgika muti
nied recently. They killed the captain and
engineer and then abandoned the vessel,
¦which was picked up by a gunboat and
towed to Zamboanga. During the admin
istration of General Otis the Belgika was
seized and her owners heavily fined for
illegal trading.
Advices from Iloilo state that eleven
murderers broke out of the fortress there
recently. The guards killed two of them,
but the others crossed the channel in a
blinding storm and reached the island of
Guioaras.
Trial of Two Officers.
The trial of Lieutenant Brown of the
Second Infantry, charged with murder
ing, rear Binar.gonan, Infanta province,
a r.ative who was suspected of responsi
bility in the death of a soldier, began to
day. The soldier referred to was drowned
while a detachment of the Second Infan
iry was swimming a river under fire. The
lieutenant at the time of the occurrence
tnestfoncd the native and the latter bolt
fa, whereupon Brown shot him dead.
Captain Francis B. Fremont, also of the
Second Infantry, is being: tried for strik
ing a soldier. The court has requested
that Captain Wright, now in Washington,
be ordered here to testify.
Governor and Secretary Fight.
As en outgrowth of the ill feeling exist
ing in seme quarters, it developed recently
that H. P. Phelps Whitmarsh, the Gov
ernor ef lienguet (.who has been ordered
here to have charges against him investi
{rated). had a physical encounter with Sec
retary Otto Schorer of that province, -who
d^Earproves of -the Governor's administra-
Ifoft; The United States Commissioner
Fch^rc-r is true to the interests of the na
tive*.
Spren Desperate Prisoners Break
Jail at Iloilo and Two Are Shot
and Killed by the
Guards.
Vessel Is Then Abandoned,
"but Is Picked Up by
a Gunboat.
Engineer.
Crew of Steamer Kill
the Captain and
FILIPINOS
MUTINY AND
DO MURDER
SAJT FKANCISCpi; FRimY^JVTULY 13*; 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 42»
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Faculty, Regents, Students and i'Muii(^^0^i\; Alumnl\GsLiher in the
of the Great Teacher and; Scientist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SAN RAFAEL, July 11.-A wedding
ceremony was performed by . Recorder
Murray in the County Clerk's office here
this evening, when Frederick Hoeft mar
ried Louise Greffoz. The marriage has
long been expected by their many friends.
It might have been delayed for some
weeks to come had not the girl's father
worked ; himself and bis shotgun into the
case the other night.
The night before last Hoeft called upon
his intended bride, and.J.J. Greffoz, the
father of the young lady, met him with
a serious objection to his visit in the
shape of a carefully loaded shot
gun; -with which he declared he would
perforate the Hoeft hide. . Hoeft had his
revenge, for some hours afterward he
swore out a warrant > charging Greffoz
with threats against life. After being ar-
LOVERS ARE WEDDED
BUT PARENT IS WROTH
Father of Louise Greffoz of
San Rafael Not at' the ,
Ceremony.
Spanish Steamer Breaks in Two.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— The Spanish
steamship Uriale, from Bilbao, Spain,
with plgiron, stranded on Great Gull Isl
and, about thirty miles below Delaware
Breakwater, early -this morning, and
broke In two, sinking In a few- minutes.
The crew landed at the Assateague life
savir.fi Elation. ¦HDBBHHMKflBH
A conference was held this morning be
tween the strikers and the warehouse
owners, at which an : agreement was
reached. The men agreed to carry the
strike no further, provided they would be
taken back without prejudice on the part
of the ¦warehouse men, and they also
agreed to recede from their demand that
only union men be employed by the ware
house men. The warehouse men agreed
to pay the 6cale of wages demanded by
the union — 30 cents an hour for ¦ regular
time and 40 cents an hour for overtime.
Formerly the men were paid 25 cents an
hour, with nothing extra for overtime.
This morning no strikers' pickets were
on duty, everything was peaceable and
Quiet and several of the union men went
to work -without molestation. This after
noon, when it became known that the
strike was off, most of them returned to
work. .
OF rNTEEEST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, July lL-The following
postofflcei were established to-day: Cali
fornia/—Witter, Lake County. Rodney Mc-
Connlck Postmaster. Oregon Tyee
Douglas County, Ewlng D. Powell Post
master.
Postmasters commissioned: Oreeon—
Henry H. Mitchell. Asbestos; Frank C
Vader. Lutgens; Sarah Schloemann, Oak
Creek. Washington— Ernest L. barr
Sumner. '
Appointed: California— J. E. Corbin
Florlston, Nevada County, vice A. B*
Wolf, resigned; C. T. Romie, Paraiso
Springs, Monterey County, vice J. T Per
rault, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day were: Califor
*£" Original-James P. Sullivan, dead,
Saa Francisco. 525; Thomas A. Sale. Sad
Fran Cisco, $8; William C. McClauWhev
Campbell, JS; Samuel J. Beebe Jn, *&&
Francisco, $8; John 11 Ellis, Sacramento,
$6. Increase— Oliver P. Lane, Hanford
$10; Peter Therien. Corning, $8. Original
widows— Alice S. Sklnnir7^'l!oV irieeles
$8: Susan E. Harris, Lompoc, 58 War
with Spain, original— Peter Krellen-»
Santa Barbara, $14; Hans P. Miller Ian
Francisco. $6; Herbert W. Creighton, San
Francisco. $17; John Priest. Los Angeles,
$8; Roland J. Vettere, Fort Bayard $17
Original widow— Margaret O'Grady ' San
Francisco, $12. j. °<"i
Washington: Original— Thomas W " Cro
man, Puyallup, $6. Increase— Patrick *H
r>olan. Miles, $8; Phil M. Newberrv
Humptullps, 512. ..War with Spain, orlir
inai—Thoma^s Connor, Tacoma, JGO
HANDLERS OF GRAIN
CALL OFF THE STRIKE
Conference Is Held at Stockton and
the Employes Return to
Warehouses.
STOCKTON. July 11.— The strike of the
KTain handlers is practically over and to
day the union men are returning to work.
It was conceded last evening on the part
of the strikers that the strike would be
decisired off to-day, the men having been
advised by State President C. D. Rogers
of the Federation of Labor to go back to
work.
at the booth to see that every visitor gets
a souvenir. Between 30,000 and 40,000 of
theee souvenirs have been prepared. ' The
committee in charge of the booth con
sists of H. C. Winston, Dr. J. J. Williams.
Misses Maud Sherwood, Alice Sabine and
Lillian Smith and Mrs. R. H. Willey, rep
resenting the League, and
Thomas W. Cowan and J. K. Oliver rep
resenting- the citizens of Pacific Grove.
The Epworth League excursions which
will be run to Del Monte and Pacific
Grove during • and after the convention
have been arranged in compliance with
thousands of requests made to the execu
tive committee. The annual Pacific Coast
Chautauqua Assembly will be in session
here at that time and July 24 has been
set apart as Bpworth League day. Be
tween 10,000 and 15,000 visitors i from the
convention are expected here on that day.
POUB INTO SALT LAKE.
Seven Big Special . Trains Crowded
With Leaguers Arrive.
SALT LAKE, July 11.— Epworth League
delegates from all over the country
poured into Salt Lake City by the hun
dreds to-day on their way to the annual
convention in San Francisco. The Rio
Grande Western alone brought in seven
big special, trains crowded with excur
sionists. In the next -four days that road
will run nearly fifty special trains to ac
commodate the enormous west-bound
traffic. A majority of the excursionists
are stopping over in Salt Lake.
¦To-day's arrivals were nearly alt from
New York and New England. To-morrow
the Pennsylvanians will arrive,- and Sat
urday^thousands from New York, New
Jersey. Indiana, Wisconsin, Kansas and
Colorado, with • heavy contingents from
Chicago, will come in. - --••;,
The. special trains are being" met by
committees at Thistle, Utah, and special
programmes for. their, entertainment are
beinsr arranged at . the Tabernacle and
other points of Interest.
direction of Phil Gordon .will be on hand
to furnish all information that may be
desired concerning routes, time cards, etc.
The subscriptions to the League fund
yesterday aggregated $1210. The Golden
Gate- Union Christian Endeavor donated
$500, for. which the finance committee Is
truly grateful. The subscriptions receiv
ed yesterday were as follows:
Golden Gate Union Christian Endeavor. ?500;
Morton Special Delivery. ?10O; First Presbyter-
Ian Christian Endeavor Society, J50;- Tubbs
Cordage Company, $50; Henry Levy, $23; Holt
Brothers, $25; Friedman & Co., $25; Bernard
Horn's Sons, $25; J. Schweitzer & Co., $25;
Johnston Brothers, $20; La Grande Laundry.
$15; American Type Company, $10; Bonestell &
Co., $10; Carlson Currier Company, $10; Cas
cade Laundry. $10; John Dolbeer, $10; Fuller
Desk Company. $10; Tlrey L,. Ford. $10; HInz
& Plagemann. $10; John Lackmann, $10; Mc-
Carthy Brothers, ¦ $10; Parafflne Paint ¦ Com
pany, $10; Phillips, Smyth. & Van Orden, $10;
Clarence M. Smith, $10; William M. Smith. $10;
Shreye, Barber & Co.. $10;- Williams-Marvin
Company, $10; White Star Laundry, $10;:Fiach
beck & Glootz. $10; Schwabacher Brothers, $10;
John Martin .Company, $10; John Shirley, ¦ $10;
T.' L. Barker, $10; Sfelger Terra Cotta and Pot
tery Company, $10; Dorey A Cunningham, $10;
John A. Drinkhouse. $10; Parrott & Co., • $10;
Charles Scribner's Sons Agency, $10; Kelly &
Julius. $10; F. A. Swain, tlfl: J. . J. Pflater
Knitting: Company, $10; Charles "A.. Grow, $10;
John C. Lynch, $10; Hooper & Jennings, $10;
Carroll & Co., $10; Harry Unna Company.. $10:
total, $1210; previously reported, $13,920. -Grand
total. $15,130. -
PACIFIC GROVE IN LINE.
Prepares to Extend a Warm Welcome
to Epworth. League Dele
\ s ". ; - gates. ¦.:'¦¦' ¦-
• PACIFIC GROVE, , July lO^Paclflc
Grove is to': be/brought very prominently
Into • notice during ' the coming ' Epworth
League convention in San Francisco, both
at home and at the convention. , Flowers,
photographs, booklets and curious speci
mens from Monterey - Bay ¦ and: the sur
rounding hills will tell the convention del
egates " what to expect when they ..visit
numbers are ¦ underlined. Mendelssohn's
chorus, "Thanks Be to God," and two or
gan solos, "Barcarolle" of Le Mare, and
"The Storm" of Lemmens, complete the
first part.
I The second part opens with Mendels
sohn's chorus, "Be Not Afraid." Then
follows Gounod's great chorus, "By Baby
lon's Wave." The next number is the
Jaunita Club of Chicago in a series of
quartet selections. Handel's chorus;
"Worthy Is the Lamb," follows, the clos
ing number being the chorus "Hallelujah"
of Handel. There will be an organ solo by
Mr. Skeele, including "Variations on a
Scotch Air," by Buck, and-a- toccato from
the "Fifth Organ Symphony" of Widor.
This programme is, in the opinion of the
committee, one of the .finest ever prepared
in this city, arid Its rendition will prove
a treat to an ' audience that will tax the
seating capacity of the Pavilion.
Reception Committee Very Active.
The Berkeley division of the, reception
committee enjoys the honor of "being the
first section of workers In the field. The
delegation began work at noon yesterday
under the direction of Paul A. Needham,
vice president of the reception committee
in charge of the Berkeley division. Over
land train No. 6 of the Southern Pacific
was met at Sixteenth ttreet, Oakland, and
the first official welcome to some ninety
leaguers on board the train was extended.
The members of the Berkeley section who
were In the reception party are as fol
lpws:
Miss Katherine Alexander, Bain Henry Miss
Marie Rhodes, Miss Maud Hogue, Miss Ethel
Chapin. Harry H. Griggs, Miss Elizabeth
Skinner. Allen Matthew. Miss 'Alice Davies,
Miss Catherine Skinner, Miss Alice Mara Miss
Alma Stockwell, Mrs. M. C. Needham, Miss
Mamie Thorpe, W. G. Needham, C. R. Street-
Miss V. H. Adams. L. M. Shaw, Miss 1*. Janes,
Miss Lida Coddington, Miss . Allie Reed, Miss
Clara * Piper, Miss. Augusta : Alexander. Miss
G. Cheuveront, Douglas Adams, H. F. Freuler,
Arthur Freuler, Jacob Neighbor, Miss Rlchard-
Bon, Mrs. J. H. JRhodes, Charlie J.- Ward, N,
O. Worse. Miss' Louise Linscott, Miss Tlllle
Skinner, Miss Margaret : Davies. Miss Annabel
Skinner, Miss Minerva Skinner, - W.-B. Ash-
land, A. H. Needham. Mrs. J. E. Platt, P.
A.Needham, Misa Ursula Broad, C. N. Need
ham, C. G. Mansfield, Miss Grace Barnett,
Kdwin Keyes. Miss A. A. Adams, P. W. Foss,
Miss I Edna Congdon. Miss Grace Freuler. Mrs.
L. Osborn, Wallace- Turner, Owen . Adams,
Harold Piatt. . •'
The general committee on reception of
visitors will meet Sunday, when final ar
rangements for the reception of the main
body of leaguers on Tuesday will be out
lined. .
Leaguers Bushing Westward.
Information received at the railway of
fices tends to "show that some forty spe
cial trains are now en route from the
East and that all of them will arrive at
Salt Lake to-morrow night. -A halt will
be made at that place in order to give the
leaguers an opportunity to take part in
.the grand rally on Sunday. Immediately
thereafter the specials will be rushed, to
ward this city as rapidly as may be con
sistent with safety to the travelers. The
incoming specials will arrive Tuesday, so
that on. this day the hard work of the
various; committees will actually begin.
It Is expected that fully 25,000 leaguers
are now en route for this city.
About 2000 leaguers have already ar
rived. It is estimated that more than 500
arrived yesterday. Word has been re
ceived that the Los Angeles, chorus dele
gation of 750 singers will arrive here at
midnight Monday via the coast route, and
that they will be In readiness for the great
rehearsal on Tuesday morning.
Tho Kentucky. Epworth League, in
charge of Revs. U. G. Foote and -W. F.
Lloyd, left Louisville last Tuesday even
ing. The train consists of three sleepers,
two • dining: cars and two baggage cars.
The party was at Denver yesterday and
left that city for Salt Lake last night.
The Postofflce Department announces
that a branch office will be established at
the- Pavilion for the -benefit of visitors.
Every facility will be provided to insure
the speedy delivery of mail matter at the
league headquarters.
The Southern Pacific Company will open
a bureau of information at the Pavilion
to-day. A force of six clerks under the
-EPWORTH LEAGUERS WHO ARE ACTIVE IN WELCOMING DELEGATES.
THE committee headquarters of the
Epworth League was transferred
from the Young Men's Christian
Association building to Mechan
ics' 'Pavilion yesterday. The
change was accompanied by tremendous
activity and not a little confusion. The
chairmen of the various committees soon
had their work well in hand, however, so
that long before sundown affairs were
moving smoothly.
The registration and entertainment
committees were kept busy during the
afternoon registering- and providing ac
commodations for more than 400 leaguers
who arrived in the city at noon. Charles
H. J.' Truman, chairman of the entertain
ment committee, says the real work will
begin about Tuesday next, when forty or
more trainloads of leaguers are scheduled
to arrive. The committee quarters have
been provided with four telephone booths
in order that the work of the entertaining
body might be facilitated.
The work of arranging the booths and
exhibits will be completed with few ex-
ceptions to-morrow evening." The carpen
ters and decorators were busy yesterday
with k the arrangement of the sounding
board and the canopy of national colors
tn the main hall. The platform, capable
of seating 3000 people, is nearly finished,
and the necessary number of chairs are
already on the floor. The magnificent
Stanford organ, in two sections, is now
In place. It stands on 'the chorus floor
and is on a line with .the balcony. The
console is situated below on the main
platform, and it is here that the organ
ists will manipulate the keys. These are
connected with the instrument by means
of electric wires, and all pipes, ' to the
number of S000, will be electrically worked
.by the organist Organist WY B.. King of
the First Congregational Church of Oak
land tested the instrument yesterday aft
ernoon, and with few exceptions the pipes
were found to work admirably. The vol
ume, despite the noise made by the army
of artisans, was perfect. In every other
respect the test was quite satisfactory.
The Musical Programme.
The music committee, composed of Rob
ert Husband (chairman), J. J. Morris, L.
E. Blake. J. M. Robinson, J. C. Hill and
O. M. Vesper,, haa issued the complete
programme of music to be rendered at tha
organ recital and grand chorus concert at
the Pavilion next Tuesday evening. The
organ soloist wills be W. F. Skeele. He
will be accompanied by W. B. King and
Mrs. L. J. Murdoch. : -;;
The opening number will be a march by
Mr. Skeele, and this will be followed by
the singing of the national hymn by the
chorus, and in . which the audience will
unite. Then follows G-uilmant's grand
choeur In D, by Mr. Skeele, and the chor
us "The Heavens Are Telling," The trio
will be sung by the following named sing
ere: ;
Sopranos — Mrs. Eva Tenney, Mrs. MolUe Mel
vln Dewing', Miss Edna Smart, Miss M. Isabel
Curl. Tenors— George ' Purlenkey, J. Hughea
Davies, E. M. Moore, W. W. Daviei. Bassos—
C. L. Parent Jr., William Nellsen, Charles H.
Van Orden, Walter Schneider.
The third number will be Mozart's
chorus, "Gloria," from "Twelfth Mass,"
under the direction of J. , M. Robinson,
and with W. B. King as organist. The
Park sisters of New York will appear in
a cornet quartet, and several attractive
FISHERMEN
BATTLE IN A
STORMY SEA
Union Toilers and the
Japanese in Lively
Conflict.
Opponents of White3 Ma
rooned on Georgia
Gulf Islands.
Shots Fired From the Boats and
Some cf the Belligerents Are
Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, July 11.— The union fish-
ermen made a wholesale descent on the
Japanese fishing- on the Fraser River last
night and to-day. The result Is that
twenty Japanese are marooned In a secret
hiding place somewhere among the score
cf little islands in the Gulf of Georgia,
and on the" other hand six white fisher
men were arrested for molesting the Jap-
Ianese. A fight occurred in the gulf.
The news was late in arriving in this
city to-day, there having been a storm
•over the Gulf this morning, during which
6everal fishermen, whose names are un
known, were drowned. There were thirty
of the union riatrol boats in the fleet
•which went out after the Japanese last
right. Xot more than a couple of hun
dred boats of the latter were out cn ac
count of the bad weather. The patrol
boats visited every part of the fleet and
every Japanese who was fishing was
.ctopped, his net and outfit thrown over
board and his boat stove In and turned
adrift. In every case rifles were found in
the Japanese boats, loaded and ready for
action. . -p .-"'¦¦¦"
Bullets on the Biver.
Before the union patrol made a capture
i anywhere several shots were fired, but
none of these took effect and the Japanese
were usually overawed by superior num
bers. Frank Rogers, secretary of the
union, says his boat was coming up to
an outfit of Japanese when the latter fired
three shots in the air. The patrol boat
lay to until it was joined by another, and
approaching the Japanese from both sides
compelled them to capitulate. Their fire
arras were thrown overboard and before
daylight the Japanese were landed in a
secluded cove whose location is at pres
ent a secret. There they will be kept
until the present trouble is over and will
probably be joined nightly by other fish
ermen prisoners. If the present con
dition of affairs keeps up they will be
given plenty of food and will be well
looked after. ''. >? <
The police at present have no idea of
the location of this island. Seven of. the
Japanese boats last night carried con
stables secreted in the bottom fixtures.
Six white men tried to hold up one of
these boats. The union men were armed
•with rifles and revolvers and attempted
to board the Japanese vessel when the
officers jumped up and confronted them
with drawn revolvers. The strikers had
. to capitulate.
Chase After the Officers.
The two officers had the Japanese tow
the strikers' boat to. the western side of
' Vancouver, with union boats chasing them
• all the way in. Several shots were fired
in an effort to release the white men, but
the latter were successfully landed and
were marched down through the resi
, dential streets and to the police station.
They were broug-ht up this afternon be
' fore a magistrate and the testimony of
• one Japanese was heard. Then the cases
were adjourned and bail was refused.
There is intense feeling over the cap
ture of these men, end if they are 1m
. prisoned further trouble may be expected
. from the fishermen. The patrol fleet of
the latter went out again to-night to
harass the Japanese. ..:.-.
. The Japanese . held a big meeting at
Eteveston and raised by voluntary sub
- ecription $4000 for a Japanese hospital,
which they think may be -needed, and
then discussed the salmon catching situa
tion. Some were in favor of joining the
. union men In the strike, especially as the
run of salmon has been small this season
' tip to date. The meeting broke up without
¦ definite action. This evening a big run of
• ealmon is reported as coming in from the
south. The canners think the union men
¦will not stand firm in view of the tempta
. tion to participate in their catching.
.There is renewed talk this evening of
calling out the militia.
Splendid Programme of Choi-al Music/ Is Provided for Tuesday Even=
ing===Forty Special Trains Are Speeding Westward.
EPWORTH LEAGUE COMMIT TEES INSTALL
THEMSELVES IN MECHANICS' PAVILION
SEA TOSSES
MARINER ON
BLEAK ROCKS
Sealers Meet With Dis
aster at San Mi
guel Island.
Two Men Are Drowned
* "While Trying to Reach
the Shore.
Andersen will return to San Diego r.3
soon as possible. He and his men ha<l
taken only about 200 seals when the acci
dent occurred. Aboard the schooner with
Andersen are a fox terrier and a bulL pup,
the property of the two drowned men.
After arduous travel he got to a camp
of Chinamen and in a short time the El
len, Captain Curl, hove ta sight and drop
ped anchor in the cove where the Santa
Cruz was at anchor. Andersen hailed
them from the beach and they" went
ashore and took him to his boat. The El
len is also a sealing schooner.
Weak and exhausted, he was practically
a prisoner on the beach, for the hlutZ at
that point is almost inaccessible. For two
days he was alone on the beach without
anything to eat but raw abalones. Cn the
third day he plucked . up courage, an«l
from . sheer desperation climbed the cUff
to the land above. It is now a mystery
how he managed to get up the steep bluff.
" On the afternoon of July 3 the three
men attempted to go asliore in a cove on
the. west end of the. island, where the sea
is always treacherous. They were ap
proaching the shore when a blind break
er struck the boat and overturned it
without a moment's warning. Philipccn
and Krutzen went down, struggling- in tha
foaming waters. Andersen managed to
hang on to the bottom of the boat and
drifted several miles, at last being tossvd
ashore in a little cove near Pinnacle Rock.
One of the. Sailors Beaches the Deso
late Beach and Lives on Raw
': ¦ •- Shellfish for Two
: --Days. ¦ /_^| £ : f
Special Dispatch* to Th» Call, •
SANTA BARBARA,. July 1L— Two
schooners arrived: In\ portnhis . evening
from' San Miguel Island, bringing a talo
of loss of life and privations on San ilig
_Uel. The boats were the Etleh and the
Santa Cruz, both small schooners from
San- Diego. The Santa Cruz had been at
San Miguel Island about two weeks. She
was commanded by Captain Andy Krut
zen. who was accompanied by Phil An
dersen and Severin .Phillpsen, all Nor
wegian sealers, who had formed a little
company to seal. on the inland on shares.
Los Angeles Taxpayers Propose a
Plan to End the Long Con- vSv .^
troversy. : \^
LOS ANGELES, July 11.— The "follow- J
ing proposition for the settlement of the
water controversy between the city of Los
Angeles and the Los Angeles City Water
Company was adopted by the city to-day
and submitted to the representatives of
the water company:
-"As servants of the people and realizing
the great importance to the city of Los
Angeles of ending all litigation now pend
ing between the Los Angeles City Water
Company and the city of Los Angeles anjd
feeling that we should b* remiss in tile
confidence and trust reposed in us as
such should we not use all honorable and
proper means at our disposal to bring
about a much desired result, and for the
purpose of allowing the people to deter
mine the matter, we desire to say to yon
that, if your company will accept $2,000,000
in full settlement of the above mentioned
matters, upon the terms heretofore agreed
to, we will submit the same to the people,
believing that the sum is the limit for
which the people would f tand, irrespective
of the legal rights of the parties inter*
ested." ' *~. •-"".:—
OFFER TWO MILLIONS
TO THE WATER COMPANY
LOS ANGELES, July 11.— The Epworth
Leaguers have begun to arrive in Los An
geles from the East, on their way to the
international conference at San Fran
cisco. The westbound train on the Santa
Fe to-day brought in a large number of
the Easterners, and the train due to-mor
row will consist of twenty-one cars. The
Rev. John K. Foster is in charge of the
New Orleans section of this train. The
league special train is due at 1 p. m. Sat
urday, at which time Dr. Dubose, editor
of the Epworth Era, and Dr. Berry, ed
itor of the Epworth Herald, are expected
to arrive. The Epworth Leaguers of the
city are doing everything that will furth
er the comfort and pleasare of the visit
ors while they remain in Southern Cali
fornia.
Leaguers Arrive at Los Angeles.
Postmaster General "Will Resign.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., July 11.— A re
port reached here to-day from "Washing
ton to the effect that Charles E. Smith,
Postmaster General, would shortly resign,
and that Pension Commissioner H« Clay
Evans would be appointed to his place.
THE SAN FB^CISCO r CALLrF^inAYi^ULY 12; 1?O*.
\The" sneer of 'the jealous t fool Is apt to
proclaim the wise man's merit.
MILWAUKEE, July 11.— John H. Ba
con, a Milwaukee newspaper man, has ac
cepted an appointment as Vice Consul
General \ and clerk , to Consul General
Rublee at Hongkong. Bacon will leave
for Hongkong In about three weeks.
LONDON, -July 12.-"Apparently^ the
Russians have no; intention of . evacuating
Niuchwang,";. says " a .. .dispatch - to ," the
Morning Post from ' Niuchwang, . dated
July 8, "although there is no possible rea
son for their administration of a treaty
port. The country is perfectly quiet be
tween Niuchwang and Mukden. B Russia's
immense harbor works at Dalny are half
completed.*. When finished the harbor will
be the ftnesttn the East." ... j ¦ ; :r-. ¦..'.
Mother . Mary Sinna..
' ¦, SOUTH; BEND, * Minn. , '. July ' ll^Mottier
Mary Sinnai whose ; worldly '"'name "was
Julla'N. Murphy, "died at Stf Mary's Acad
emy to-day, aged 51 years. She was supe
rior at ; St. • Mary's • Academy, Salt Lake
City, . previous to her election as mistress
of novices in 1S95. ><J^nBSMBnHBRBMIB
Evidently HaVe No Intention
- of Evacuating; That -
; Treaty Port.
FORCES OF RUSSIA
HOLD NIUCHWAN
LONDON, July 12.-"There is no longer
the slightest hope," says a dispatch to the
Daily News from' Odessa, "of saving even
a moiety of the crops in the Volga govern
ments of Amara, Saratoff and Kassan, as
well as. many districts of the neighboring
governments. Over the whole region there
has been a protracted drought, with trop
ical heat, the temperature varying for
seven weeks from 130 to 150 . Fahrenheit.
Nearly all the- streams *had dried un at
the beginning of June. ¦ . ".
'.'The crops in Southern Russia average
about the usual yield."
Streams in Many Districts of
- , Russia Are Completely
Dried Up.
DROUGHT AND HEAT
SPOIL CROP YIELD
to Pond.
Sacramento Board of Educa
tion Chooses Successor i .,.
SACRAMENTO, July ll.-At a meeting
of the City Board of Education to-night
Frank Tade was elected ' without opposi
tion principal of T the " Sacramento . Higfh
School, to succeed James H. Pond, recent
ly Elected principal of the Oakland High
School. ; :' The 'fact that Tad© would ¦ cer
.talhly be. elected^to-rilght- was stated ex
clusively in The Call after, Pond's retire
ment; : ;Tade. has- served at the Sacra
mento < High 1 - School as • a ¦ teacher with
marked success for .several years, and" a
brilliant- record as principal 1 seems -as
sured. ¦¦ ' - ¦¦-"¦' y. i . •• -.'• .-¦-. '.
Miss Mollle ' Morton, formerly of ~ the
Benicia High School,' was elected- to-night
as. one of Principal Tade's corps of assist
ants.' / • \. - -¦ :_::•:*.¦:*¦¦¦--, ,«>.'.. - .-r,
FRANK TADE ELECTED
HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
LONDON, July 12.— "George Boldt of the
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, backed by the As
tors to the extent of £1.000,000, .is looking
for a site for a hotel in London," says the
Daily Express, "and Press Whittaker of
the -New Netherlands has made an offer
for a big hotel." ; o _*
According to the same authority A. N.
Williams, on behalf of the promoters of
another American hotel, has gone to New
York. to lay the result of -his work in se
curing site, etc.. before Russell Sage and
others interested in the scheme.'
rested the irate father refused to give
bail >and went' to. the* County, Jail.' Atrthe
wedding to-night an \ effort was made ; to
patch, the matter up and- have the father
present, but he refused. .
New York Millionaires Will
Furnish 1 the Needed
AMERICANS SEEKING
SITES FOR HOTELS
the little city among the pines. And when
they reach the town a right royal recep
tion will be accorded them by local Ep
worth Leaguers, citizens and summer vis
itors. Active preparations are already on
foot all along the line from Hotel del
Monte to Pacific Grove t to make the visit
of the leaguers one-Vlong to be remem
bered. The Pacific Grove booth at the
convention hall in 'San- Francisco is to be
built of the famous Monterey cypress and
profusely decorated with the flowers for
which this section is so celebrated. Fresh
flowers will be sent from here every day
to keep 'the 'decorations as attractive as
possible. Souvenirs of sea moss, star nsn,
shells and- -other curios peculiar to • this
locality and tiny branches of the,Monte
rey cypress will be given away together
with illustrated booklets descriptive ' of
Pacific ¦ Grove, Monterey and vicinity.
Members of the local chapter of Epwortn
Leaguera-wiU be in constant attendance
2
. . MEW ADVEP.TI3E3IE2TTS.
THE HAIR BRUSH.
Breeds Dandruff, Which Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness.
Professor Unna, Hamburg. Germany,
European authority on skin diseases, says
that dandruff is as contagious as any
other malevolent disea'se, and that one
common source of the spread of dandruff
is the use of the same hair brush by dif-
ferent persons. The way to avoid catch-
ing dandruff, or any other disease, from
another's brush la to insist on the use of
KevbM's Herplcide. It not only kills the
dandruff germ, but It is also an antiseptic
that will prevent the catching of any dis-
ease whatever through contagion of an-
other's brush.
DB.MEYEBS&CO. J^ga^
Specialists. Disease jteS?^
and -weakness of w|||jgs 3 £
men. Establis hod f £ -—->~ v**^
1S31. Consultation ffyjf
and private book "*~ \
free, at office or by *W*j* >^s^sL
mall. Cures guar- [yfo'<i;W%Ml
anteed. 731 Mar- f&^P^ 1
ket street (eleva- ¦
tor entrance). San >K|O^/
Francisco. .*" "^^Jj"^^^
Twentieth Century Medicine.
. Cascarets Candy Cathartic are as
far ahead of ancient pill poisons and
liquid physic as the electric light of
the tallow candle. Genuine stamped
C. C. C. Never sold in bulk. AH
druggists, ioc. > ,'.';;.
P 9 Pp n nil S | Corner Fourth and \
wlrt liUinLgsii
valises checked trea.READING, Pa., July 11.— The Philadel
phia and Reading Railroad Company to
day, according to the j strikers' reports,
continued its efforts to secure the return
of . old employes in order to break the
backbone of the strike. The strikers say
the company had a number of men to
day visiting boiler-makers and black
smiths at their homes, offering them in
ducements individually to return, but this
effort. It is said, met -with, no success.
Trying to Win Strikers Over.
that point. The same evidence was heard
by. the former board.
FORMER BRITISH PREMIER AND
MEMBER OF ROYAL FAMILY
WHO ARE BETROTHED. .
America Is Declared.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Under a rul
ing of the Treasury Department coffee
shipped from the United States to Porto
Rico will be admitted Into Porto Rico free
of duty as soon as free trade Is proclaim
ed between the -United States and that
island. This in practice will result, it
Is likely. In all coffee sent into Porto Rico
from any Country being admitted I free of
duty. Although • the Porto Rican tariff
provides, for a duty of 5 cents a pound on
all coffee Imported from a foreign coun
try, it is expected that coffee . importers
will take advantage of the fact that cof
fee is admitted free Into the United States
and ship their coffee Into the United
States and thence -to Porto Rico, thus
avoiding the duty which would be im
posed if shipped from a. foreign country
direct to Porto Rico.
Order Will Go Into Effect When Ere*
Trade Between Island and
POBTO RICO WILL ADMIT
COFFEE FB.EE-OF DUTY
The -work of recovering the dead' and
rescuing the Injured was difficult, as they
were buried under the heavy cars. The
engine old not go down with the wrecked
bridge. Only the cars, heavily loaded with
stone, were carried down. It was at first
reported that the engineer, Griffith, , had
been killed, but this was erroneous, j
The bridge that collapsed was thought
to be unsafe and the laborers were filling
In the ravine which it spanned. The train
had backed on the bridge. The .cars
loaded with broken rock were standing
on the span ready to be dumped. Conduc
tor Moor© was on one of the cars, while
the crew of workmen was waiting under
neath to level the stone as it was dropped.
Without warning the bridge gave way.
The three cars with their heavy loads
were hurled into the gully, a distance of
about eighty feet. Into the very midst of
the workmen, many of whom were crush •
ed Into shapeless masses.
Fifteen minutes before the bridge col •
lapsed a heavy passenger train had rushet 1
over it. Special trains from Conneaut end
Erie carried physicians to the scene of the
accident. >;•-'.
The injured: J. J. McDermott. brake
man. Ash tabula. O.; Carl Randall, labor
er. West Springfield, Pa.; J. H. Beckwlth.
gang boss, Buffalo, internally; five Ital
ians, laborers; names unknown; badly
hurt. . .- I
FRANK KRTJZO, laborer. Buffalo.
FIVE ITALIANS, laborers; names un
known.
JOHN CEPOS, laborer. Cleveland, O.
CLEVELAND, July 1L-On the Nickel
Plate road to-day nine men were killed
as the result of a collapse of a bridge at
Springfield, Pa., while a local freight train
was passing over the structure. The
bridge was being- repaired. When the loco
motive and the cars went dawn a gang- of
Italian laborers working under the bridge
were caught beneath the wreck.
The dead; ¦ ¦
PHIL A- MOORE, conductor. Conne
aut, O.
GEORGE SWARTZ, laborer, North
Springfield. Pa.
Loaded Repair Oars
Drop Upon Workmen
and Crush Them. *
BRIDGE FALLS
WITH A TRAIN
WALL OF WATER
DOWN THE GULCH
Montana Mines Flooded
by a Destructive
Torrent.
HELENA, iTcnt-.' July 11.— Debris Is pil
ing everywhere in the gulch in which are
located the Wickes and Corbin inln«s.
Great damage to property was done by
tr;e torrent of water -which poured down
the narrow valley after the cloudburst
T utsday night.' The concentrator of the
Peck, Mont.. Compariy at Corbin will
J-iave to close down because of damago
to the machinery. A -wave six feet high
and 200 feet wide swept down the gulch.
Within half a mile of Wickes. toward
Oorbin, a fill-in on the Great Northern
formed a dam. The water was backed
tip for a quarter of a mile before the eni
barkment gave -way -with a roar.
Mrs. Charles Turner and six small chil
fafTi were in their home in Twin Gulch.
The torrent of rain started a landslide
and before the occupants suspected any
danger the entire side of the house near
est the mountain was crushed in like an
egg by an enormous bowlder. That no
one was struck by the shower of great
rocks and earth which struck the honse
fepnss almost miraculous. As the great
val! of -water tore down the gulch It
practically demolished the Northern Pa
c ific tracks and bridges. At several points
great sections of rails and ties were pick
ed from the roadbed and bent and twisted
into a mass of debris. The Great Xorth
«»ra suffered only a washout of the fill
i?ar Wickes. It Is impossible to estimate
the loss at present.
SHANGHAI. July XL— In a decree made
public here to-day the Dowager Empress
orders Chinese Ministers abroad to report
to her the names of young Chinamen in
foreign countries who have shown spe
cial abilities In the various professions,
¦with a view of bringing' them back to
China, at the Government's expense,
where they will be eligible for office.
OAKX.AND. July 1L — The graduates of
the Central High Schol formed an alumni
association, to-night and elected the fol
lowing officers: President, Frank M. Cat
tell: vice president. Scott Veach: secre
tary. Emma P. Bingham: treasurer, Edna
r»rice- Executive committee — Arthur Bor
land, May Irwin. Anna Gallln, Mamie
Jackson, Felix Fibush, Katherine Har
rington. Eugene Blancnard.
MRS. LORENA GILMAN, aged 35
Goodland. Ind.
MRS. S. L. RAT, aged 60, Wilmington,
MRS. ELIZABETH DIXON, aged 67
Wilmington. 111. /* • .
All the foregoing were excursionists
bound to the Epworth League convention
San Francisco. ¦ '
MRS. FRANCES WALKER, aged 68,
Brooklyn. *-.:;. v :
MRS. RHODA J. CURTIS, age«- 55,
Simpson, Kans. .
SIDNEY JONES, (identification not pos
itive), aged about 45, Chicago.
DANIEL DONNELLY, fireman.
DANIEL McANNA, conductor of the
freight train. /
• FRANK BRIGGS, engineer of the pas
senger train.
I. S. ROGERS,. United States Express
messenger, Chicago. .
Two unknown men, burned and mangled
beyond recognition. . .
Leslie S. Colburn, aged '24, Pawpaw
Mich., and Miss Lottie L. Still, aged 26, of
Hornellsville, N. Y., are not expected to
live through . the night. Colburn was
scalded on the face and arm and his right
leg Is broken. He is at St. Joseph's Hos
pital:. Miss Still's arms, face and should
ers were badly scalded and she is uncon
scious most of the time. She is at the
University Hospital.
The following are fatally injured: Mrs.
Anna Morrison, Valparaiso, Ind., head
and arms scalded; Miss Ora E. Tollman
aged 24, daughter of Mrs. Morrison, Val
paraiso. Ind., face and arms scalded. Mrs
C. W. Snyder, Jasper, 111., face, arms and
shoulders burned; Miss Julia M. Hay slip
Chenoa, 111., aged 22, arms and. face scald
ed, inhaled steam.
Many Seriously Injured.
Seriously but not fatally injured: E C
Bray, Chicago, neck strained and bruised'
about the head and body; Dr. J. S. Adsit
Hoopeston. 111., hands scalded; Professor
S. A. D. Harry, Hoopeston, 111., hands and
arms scalded, artery cut in left arm by
Jumping out of a window; Miss Dora.
Wickwire,- Goodland, Ind.. , hip dislocated
and leg broken; Miss Emma-Dlxon. Wil
mington, 111., extensive burns on the
body.
• The following patients left the hospitals
for their homes to-day: Mrs. Dora John
son and her 6-year-old son, Bloomington
111.; Mrs. LJllIe Elkins, Bloomington- 111 •'
C. E. Null, Mexico, Mo.; E. N. Hayslip'
Chenoa, 111. ' \
The case of E. N. Hayslip of Chenoa.
111., is extremely pitiful. Although badly
burned and in a serious condition it was
necessary, for him to leave the hospital
to-night. . His wife. Hulda Hayslip, died
last night at the University Hospital, and '
his daughter, 'Julia M.- Hayslip, is now In
a dying condition at ' St. Joseph's Hos
pital. He will take the body of his wife
home and return for his daughter. • ,
The hospital attendants report that: the
less seriously injured patients are improv
ing rapidly. - -'-,-> ~
A majority of the Injured were Epworth
League excursionists en route to San
Francisco, and were in the tourist car, in
which -the greatest -havoc was wrought.
Most of the uninjured and slightly injured
leaguers have proceeded on their Journey.
— - — ¦ —
KANSAS CITY, July ll.-Of the twenty
four persons injured in the Alton wreck
who are still in Kansas City hospitals two
are not likely to live through the night
and three others are fatally hurt, but. will
probably survive until to-morrow. Five
of the injured left for their homes this
morning. A revised list of the nineteen
dead follows:
MRS. J. S..ADSIT, aged 29, Hoopeston,
III.
MRS. HULDA HAYSLIP, aged 52, Che
noa, III.
MRS. S. A. D. HARRY, aged 60, Hoopes
ton, 111. i
REV. D. W. BOOKER, aged 71, Syra
cuse, N. T.
MABIE ROSS, aged about 23, Kentland
Ind.
MRS. LULU RYDER, aged 25, Kent
land. Ind. %•
Other Victims of Alton
Wreck Are Severely
Injured.
NINETEEN DEAD
AND TWO DYING
.VALLEJO, July 11.— Mrs. Helen Althoff. j
and fcer nine-year-old . daughter Gertrude
lost their lives this morning in a fire at
their home. Mrs. Althoff was a widow
and resided with her two children In a
cottage off .the Napa road, one mile north
of Vallejol ¦ •; • ' /
At 3 o'clock in the morning William Gee,
who lives on the west side of the J*apa
road, saw that. the residence of his niece,
Mrs. Althoff, was on fire. He ran to the
One Mile House and summoned D. G. Ha
eer When the men arrived at the burn
ing house - the building was, nearly de
stroyed. The . worst • fears of those who
gathered at the fire were confirmed when
at 4*30 o'clock the burned remains of Mrs.
Althoff and her * eldest c daughter • were
found in the ruins. Mamie, the five-year
old daughter of- Mrs. -. Althoff, spent ¦, the
night ' with her ' grandmother and ¦ so . es
caped the awful fate of her mother and
Sl It C ia,sald that Mrs.' Althoff was in-thV
habit of leaving a lamp. burning at night,
and it is thought. the lamp started the
fire \The smoke 'probably suffocated the
inmates of i the house • before the flames
reached them. • The building was the prop
erty of James-Gee Sr.r -. .. ; • • ,r
Mrs. Althoff had been a resident of Val
lejo for sixteen years. She was 35 years
old. Henry ¦ Althoff. -the - husband of the
deceased, died several years ago.. He was
well - known • here , and was • a yeoman on
-the receiving ship Independence, . .¦-. ;
Flames Destroy Tw<
Lives in Home Near
Vallejo.
LOS GATOS. July 11.— Mrs. Thaddeus
Payne was struck and killed, by the nar
row gauge passenger train arriving . here
at 4;40 this afternoon at a crossing about
half a mile from the center of town. She
was riding a bicycle and evidently failed
to notice the approach of the train,' which
struck her squarely, carrying ner about
forty yards, breaking her neck and other
wise mangling her body. It is ! claimed
by persons in the vicinity that no whistle '
was blown and that ,the train was run
ning at high speed.
Mrs. Payne leaves a husband and four
children.' She was a sister of H. H. Main,
formerly eU+tor of the San Jose Herald. -
CHILD PERISHES
WITH MOTHER
GILROT, July tL— The Del Monte flier,
due here at 5 p. m., ran over and killed
May Ladd, the 12-year-old daughter of J.
O. Ladd, to-day. The accident occurred
at the railroad crossing on the Hot
Springs road.-;
The child was driving a horse attached
to a buggy, and an eye-witness states
that before reaching the crossing she
whipped the horse to a run in order to
cross before tha train. The train was a
half-hour late and came toward the sta
tion at the rate of sixty miles an hour.
The engine struck the vehicle and horse
and the child was instantly killed. Por
tions of her flesh were found along the
track, and the greater part of her body
was fdund in the cattle guard, where It
was dropped by the cowcatcher. For
nearly a hundred yards the hors»" was
dragged along the track.
As soon as possible the train was
stopped and backed to the scene of the
accident. The body was placed In a bug
gy robe and brought to town.
Engineer Stevens says ho did not see the
child until too late, as there is an orchard
obstructing the view of the road at that
point. . ¦ .
KILLED UNDER THE WHEEL!
Escape Engine and
Is Killed.
Gilroy | Child Tries ; to
; The men who made the request have for
the last four days been sitting as jurors
in the case of the people against Antone
de Sousa, who was accused of grand lar
ceny, it being alleged that the defendant
stole two cows, a red and a' sorrel, from
Louis' Gioli. a wealthy rancher near
Sausalito. The case was bitterly fought.
Sousa claimed that he had purchased the
cows from Dan Slinkey, the Sausalito
pound man, who. committed suicide some
months ago.
During the trial about forty witnesses
testified. The testimony was contradic
tory. Each side seemed to endeavor to
swear th£ other out of court. As the case
progressed the attorneys. District Attor
ney Mclsaac and E. B. Martinelli for the
§rosecution and O. F. Meldon and Adolph
ylva for the defense, worked like beavers
piling up notes of the evidence to be used
in argument.
All this time the jury painfully watched
the piles of notes grow higher and higher.
They thought of their suppers and homes'
and the verbal bombardment that was
coming. • Some yawned, some went to
sleep, but the lawyers would not take a
hint. At this stage Captain H. A. Gor
ley. foreman of the jury, passed • up to
Judge Angellotti a written request asking
that the lawyers on both sides cut their
arguments out, as. the jury did not care
to hear them. This was a stunner. It
was a pioneer in judicial procedure. " The
Judge stated that he had no authority to
deny counsel the right to. talk to the jury
at the proper time. Meldon. for the de
fense was willing to | submit the case
without argument, but- Mclsaac and Mar
tinelli insisted on talking. After the argu
ment the jury retired and- soon brought
in a verdict declaring Meldon's client not
guilty. - ¦-.:.'¦
TRAIN CRUSHES
GIRL TO DEATH
SAN RAFAEL, July 11.— What the man
on the street irreverently calls "hot air"
was at ;a discount in Judge- Angellotti's
courthere this afternoon when twelve good
men and true, through their foreman, re
quested his Honor to spare them the ln-
Jliction of having to listen to any argu
ment by the counsel in the case.
LONDON, July 11.— The reported be
trothal of the Duchess of Albany
to the Earl of Rosebery was not
.unexpected. The widowed Duch
ess ami the bereaved Earl would
have been married long ago had not the
Queen declined to countenance the union.
So strongly did her Majesty insist- tl:at
in the seventeen years that have elapsed
since the death of Prince Leopold. Duke
of Albany, that the Duchess has avoided
society and devoted her life to the rearing
of her son anrl daughter." She invented
a peculiarly shaped school seat, for which
she received a gold medal and which is
now in general use.
In the midst of her studies, her schemes
for charity and social reforms she became
interested in the Earl She made a mild
attempt to win the Queen over to consent
to their marriage. The Queen would not
hear of it. and as tho Duchess v.as de
pendent upon an allowance made through
her rr.rthf:r-in-!:rw's will and did not wish
to offend her, she resigned herself to the
inevitable.
All is easy now, as the Prince of Wales,
the pie&ent King, was aiways on terms
of closest intimacy with the Earl of Rose
bery. Within ll;e last few days the King
has had a long interview with the Earl.
BOISE, Idaho, July . 11.'— The Board of
Pardons to-day referred the case of Paul
Corcoran until August 10. The case was.
heard a week ago r and a decision has been
expected ever since, but the matter now
goes, over for another month. Corcoran
Js the man sentenced to seventeen years'
imprisonment for participation in i the
murder of James Cheyne during the Coeur
d'Alene riots in April, 1899..'
The board to-day took up " the case of
"Diamondfleld Jack" Davis, who was sen
tenced in April, 1897, to hang for the mur
der of John C. Wilson' In Cassia County.
A former board declined to interfere with
the sentence. The case has been through
all the courts -to the- Supreme Court of
the United -States. An effort is being
made- to prove that another man killed
Wilson. Witnesses were heard to-day on
Calls Witnesses- to ; Show That
.He Is Innocent.
Prisoner Under Sentence 'of *; Death
CONVICTED MTTBBEIIEB. |
TRYING TO "PROVE ALIBI
Fight Against New Policy.
Before the'new rates were adopted there
was a. violent many-sided fight -as to
CHICAGO, July ,1L—The' v Supreme
Lodge, ,' Knights of Pythias, which has
been in session here considering charges
of mismanagement by the board of con
trol of the endowment rank ( to-daydecid
ed that the most expedient way of meet
ing the deficiency of $500,000 of the treas
ury was to raise the insurance rate to the
maximum prescribed by the National Fra
ternal Congress. ; If in this way' money is
not quickly enough forthcoming, . it Is
likely that a special assessment of 50 cents
will be put on every member of the order
for the benefit -of the endowment rank.
This latter move would speedily raise
$250,000.
The board of control will continue to in
vestigate tho affairs of the endowment
rank, pursuant to resolutions adopted yes
terday. The only. immediate action. which
will be taken will be the . Instituting of
some foreclosure suits in an endeavor to
rescue as much as. possible of the money
said to ' have ¦. been carelessly, invested by
J. A.' Hlnsey, former president- of, .the
board of control. •; • "- - ,
The final action of the Supreme Lodge
was practically unanimous for the higher
rates. - which place the whole burden on
members of the endowment rank, only
four delegates voting in the negative. By
a compromise agreement, however, it was
ordered that when the old death losses
were paid -off and a surplus began to ac
cumulate the board of control should"
Supreme Lodge's Firm Stand.
whether the policy was poor or not. The
old rates were much more . favorable to
old men than to young men and conse
quently the younger element lined up in
favor ©f the change against the older ele
ment. . • \ ¦¦•.:-. -
There was an even harder struggle made
by men who thought it was not fair to
pla£e all the financial burden of making
up the deficit caused by bad administra
tion on the policy holders. The men who
took this view pointed out that the en
dowment rank was ..incorporated in the
narae T 5f the Supreme Lodge of the
Knights of Pythias, and was controlled
by It. They,8ald that Hinsey-was an of
ficer appointed by the Pythian order, and
not by the policy holders, and that conse
quently the whole order should bear the
losses caused by him and that a uniform
assessment on all Pythlans should be
levied .to make it good.
ANACONDA. Mont.. July 11.— A special
to the Anaconda Standard from Chinook.
Mont., says that Sheriff Benner of Great
Falls and his posse of eleven men left
there this afternoon for the Bear Paw
Pool ranch, sixteen miles away, where
fiorses -will be furnished. The Great Falls
posse will be joined by the posses from
other counties, numbering In all sixty
five mem. The party will be equipped with
good horses and a- plentiful supply of pro-
Sheriff Griffith apparently is absolutely
confident that he has the Great Northern
robbers surrounded on Peoples Creek,
sevettfy-flve miles distant, and said that
he has left a guard of five Tn%n there. It
is the opinion that if the outlaws are
taken at all It will be only after a bloody
battle.
They Have the Great Northern
Robbers Surrounded. ' , •
Montana Officers Confident That
BATTLE .WITH OUTLAWS
IS NOW PROBABLE
Resolved. By the Supreme Lodge of th»
Knights of Pythias, that said Supreme Loilsr*
recognizes not only Its legal but also Its moral
and fraternal responsibilities to stand behind
and protect every beneficial certificate issued by
and In force In the- endowment rank of th«
Knights of Pythias, and we Hereby pledge tt»
every holder of such certificate all such legis
lation as may be needed to fully protect th»
holders of such certificates and . produce full
and prompt payment of all claims due thereon.
Theodore Lahache of Sherman. . Tex. .
was elected a member of the board or
control of the endowment rank, to suc
ceed Hlnsey, wlio resigmed under fire. It
has decided that the main office of the
rank should continue in Chicago /for the
prenent. " -' _
"The action of the committee." said Su
preme Chancellor Fethers after adjourn
ment to-night, "will give new life to the*
endowment rank and place it on a better
footing: than in the past. All possible
safegruarda have now been placed around
the rights of the holders of beneficiary
certificates, and the future is of the
brightest."
have authority to pass a regular monthly
assessment as often as possible.
To place itself on record as responsible
for all debts of the endowment rank, the
Supreme Lodge passed the following reso
lution:
Pythian Supreme Lodge Decides to Take Heroic Action
to Meet the Big Deficiency.
KNIGHTS' ENDOWMENT RANK
WILL RAISE INSURANCE RATE
BETROTHAL OF LORD ROSEBERY
TO THE DUCHESS OF ALBANY
Death of Queen Victoria and the Consent of King
Edward Clear the Way for the Union, .
WEARY JURORS
PLEAD IN VAIN
Marin Citizens Seek to
% Prevent Flood of :^
: Oratory. ; /
to a Judge During
/ N a Trial. .
Heartrending Appeal Is Made
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FBI DAY, JULTT 12, 1901;
Judge, the^Jury requests
that they bs saved the inflic
tion of . specchea . by the coun
sel on; either side. All we want
now is the law from the court.
H. A. GOKLEY.
SPARE THE JURY ,
FROM ELOQUENCE
. SAY THE TWELVE
LOS ANGELES, July 11.— Frederick W.
McDowell, a. Southern- Pacific brakeman.
living at 100 "West Railroad street, this
city, was killed at Pomona last night." The
body was brought here this morning. No
particulars of the accident have been re
ceived, but from the condition of the body
it is believed that McE>owell fell between
the^cars and that the train passed over
him. .
Brakeman Crushed by Train.
3
A 7>'^T7 n - rrrrR l i ?' M T i '-'N 'I *S.
For family washing - — Fels~
Xaptha soap is better than any
mere soap; saves half the
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
s> STRICTLY RELIABLE.
i^A M.E N
ibJiy. ONLY!
&&£"* R T PAR THE
j \ **=< XfT, *-* greater number of
sT Av SrV\. patients *eeklng relief
•*•/ f/V$S*&yi\ \s t0T "o-caUed weakness
/// T^<ril\^y are strong, robust men la
tr 1 \ \J I *4v' every other reepect. Our
\\ \ Wt\/I // theory that Loss of Vltal-
»V \/i // // ity Prematureness. etc.,
«re not weaknesses, but the symptoms of ln-
ttammatory processes In the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck at bladdec) caused by con-
tracted disorder* and early dissipation, is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged and
rwollen Prostate. Immediate results, as Indi-
cated by Increased circulation and renewed
•trencth. are observed. Our colored chart of
the oncana. which we eend free on application,
is interesting to any one wishing to study the
anatomy of the irale.
DR. TAICOIT & t0. f 997 Market St.
IA/. X. HESS.
K0TABY PUBLIC AND ATTORHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 921.
Residence. £21 California et.. . below Powell,
Ban Francis co. •
Patterns -began to run low among ouf j j l||| MlasSL
sale .suits for $6.65, yet we did not wish WB M 1 1| j |l'P4^i|P7
to. close the sale; as it was successful |Sj ' II % Hi^HlV
— every day customers were buying -the ||||[ t |(j fJ jJjLyi "f^e^J ' ! Rll f pfipllj -- :
suits: ' So we added a lot of new patterns ¦ TjJ || jpfST ]f || i lf§§ j
,to.fill out the lines. You can still get your lj j) M \l \ Jf \m lilW if ISw '
goods added were taken from our regu- vl'ln 7 H-wflli'fl
priate and comfortable as well for sum- 1101 1 111 Hi
They are union made, money-backed. tuijBj II \\ [MM |i|i|| lA^
and the privilege of a year's repairing i^^^Jv JwlS ill //?
Suits Overcoats Trousers
Sack suits in cheviots of The overcoats, are coverts Worsted trousers in' swell
light patterns in fall and sum- in three stylish shades of tan, patterns of checks and stripes;
mer weights; sizes to fit every- brown and olive; the price -sjro- 30*44 -st and
body, even the short and formerly was $10.00; every* wear with coat vest o{
/stout; prices reduced from one of the overcoats in this lot d ar k er co i or; reduced from
.$8.50, $10.00 and $12.50 to has been marked down to $3.00 to ,
$0.0 5 350.05 \ $1.05
at the low price of $1.35
% This $1.35 sale is certainly pdpular with the moth- !
fiF^^5«h^k ers - B llt when you think of it, no wonder. The values
r^liii xi^liiPl gi ven are values — good money-saving bargains that ap-
WfrJ~& peal directly to the economical. Mothers should see the
.'S^'^fSf^-JFy - Vf^ suits, examine the cloth and making— then they can see
"¦^ ;: that .every .'suit is a big dollar and thirty-five cents'
8^ Boys' sailor suits, varied patterns "differently trimmed, ages
¦ Boys ' vestee sllIts ' stri P ed worsteds with 'double - breasted \
' vests, ages 3 to 8 years, -'•^ '¦ > Li.- ' '*. ¦ ¦ •
Tlflllillllilil *^ so s P ec * a l va -l ues m Norfolk m and Russian blouse suits —
MM Ifffl those up-to-date styles now so popular.
-WMji lli'M . Boys' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 17, 25c a pair,
¦sif raHkw Pf Girls' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 10, 45c a pair.
W§{ RW jf -, Boys' shirt waists, ages 4 to 11 years, 25c each.
I|h Wm W-' Bovs' blouse waists, ages 3 to 8 years, all colors, 25c each.
M ffl Boys' and children's straw hats reduced—
C§^ ««1^ every hat from 75c to $2.00 has been reduced to 45c. j'
¦"^^ \ . Boys' golf caps, new, assortment, 45c each^< ]- I
' need ' clothes, hats ' ' M, ' ' ¦ * ; y- * ' ' ' . * A '*^ clothing; furnisli-
or^ishizigs, ;< /7187V\arket Street. • , ingsorhats - ¥Petitions In insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Stephen McCue, laborer. San
Francisco, liabilities $4M 05, assets $158 55;
S..H. Foulk, laborer, San Francisco, lia
bilities $853 45, . no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Nels Sorenson, a beer wagon driver,
died suddenly some time during last
Wednesday night In", his room in tho En
terprise Hotel at Sixteenth and : Folsom
strsets. His friends say that he- was in
the best of health when he retired. He
was found dead in his bed at 7:30 a'clock
yesterday morning. Heart disease was
the cause. , ' : V
Nels Sorenson Dies Suddenly.
Bogus Oil Company's Mail Stopped
The postoffice inspectors were notified
yesterday that a large quantity of mail
matter had been left at the deserted office
of the Standard Oil and Investment Com
pany, rooms 575 and 5TC in the Parrott
building. Messrs. Ewing- and Chaney, the
fled town a few days
ago with $25,000 of the money of Eastern
dupes sent for- "shares." Postofflce In
spector Bricker proceeded to the offices
and had the mail conveyed to the dead
letter office in the main Postofflce on
"Washington street. The senders of
money will be- notified by the postoffice
authorities of the collapse of the firm and
will be given an opportunity of canceling
their money orders.
SUPBEIffE COTJUT GIVES
BEGEROW HIS FREEDOM
Deputy Sheriff Who Killed Joseph
Cecil and August Berger
; Released. •
The Supreme--- Court- issued a writ of
habeas corpus yesterday for Fred Begre
row,/ the Santa Clara deputy sheriff, who
shot and killed Joseph Cech and August
Berger at a brewers' picnic last July.
Begerow won his freedon through fail
ure of .the authorities to institute further
action within sixty days after the dis
agreement of the trial jury.
In five consecutive trials juries have
•failed to convict the alleged murderer and
the opinion of the Supreme Court stated
that it was not apparent that further liti
gation would bring the affair to a settle
ment. The decision of the court practi
cally amounts to a final acciuittal, al
though it is possible that new charges
may be brought against him.
Begerow -while in an intoxicated condi
tion attempted to arrest George Schmied
of San Francis$p. Cech and Berger inter
fered and after some violent language on
their part Begerow drew his revolver and
shot them. . "The witnesses of the deed
became enraged and a determined effort
to lynch the officer was frustrated only
after a hard struggle on the part of the
authorities.
Chicago ' 3 12 5
Philadelphia 4 7.2
Batteries — Eason and Kahoe: Duggleby,
White and Douglass. Umpire — Cunnlngiiam.
Batteries — Phillips and Bergsn; Kitson. Don
ovan and McGuire. Umpire— Behle.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Two errors, a single and
two doubles in the ninth inning allowed the
visitors to tie the score in to-day's game and
a. home run by Flick won the game for them
In the eleventh inning. Attendance, 650. Score:
- R. H. E.
- NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, July 11.— It was a practice
game for Pittsburir to-day and several new
players were worked. In Boston's eerles of
four games they were shut out three times.
Attendance, 2TC0. Score:
R. II. E.
Plttsburg 5 10 1
Boston .'. 0 8 1
Batteries— Tannehlll and Zlmmer; Pittlnger
and Kittridge. Umpires — Emslie and Nash.
CINCINNATI, July 11.— Three errors and two
hits gave the Brooklyns three runs in the first
Inning to-day. The locals played miserable ball
on the bases and the hits they made yielded
little. Attendance, 1200. Score:
R. H.. E.
Cincinnati 4 11 4
Brooklyn... 5 11 2
R. H. E.
Boston ...*..: 4 7 O
Philadelphia .,., 14 1
Batteries— Winters and Schreck; Plank and
Smith. . -
¦ CLEVELAND, July 1L— Detroit had "a decid
edly off day "on fielding-, and Cleveland man
aged to take £ftvantage of it. Attendance, 1393.
Score:
R. II. E.
Cleveland : 6 11 -1
Detroit 1 10 5
Batteries— Moore and Yeager; Cronin and
Budow and Shaw. ,
AMERICAN . LEAGUE.
MILWAUKEE, July 11.— Chicago made It
three ; straight from Milwaukee to-day, the
home team being unable to hit Katoll at the
right time. Attendance, 12C0. Score: e
Milwaukee..^ i ' 6 2
Chicago ....: 5 7.1
Batteries— Reedy and ! Connor; Katoll and
Sugden.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Baltimore to-day
scored its third consecutive victory off Wash
ington by bunching hits in the first two in
• nings. Attendance, 2152. Score:
, R. H. E.
Washington 2 7 0
Baltimore 6 9 , 3
Batteries— Mercer, Cary and Clarke; -Howell
and Robinson.
BOSTON-, July 1L— Umpire Connolly kept the
game going for three innings in a heavy rain,
but finally caUed It in the first half of the
sixth inning-. Attendance, 3800. Score:
Results of Other- Contests on
Middle West Vnd Eastern -
jDiamonds.
Nine.
CHICAGO PLAYS
IN GOOD FORM
1 Man is born. to rule, but' woman cornea
alonsr; and' beats' him out of hisJob. v ; :*
Beginning next , January subscribers in
Paris will get telephones for $60 a year in-'
stead of $80. -•-•-••.-¦- : • • , ,--/.......
£ The bachelor "who : looks forward to a
happy fireside of his own may be said" to
have grate- expectations. •'¦ - - r ' - ' ¦>>¦: V''
Fatal Conflicts Between
Catholic Missionaries
y, and Pupils.
| BERLIN,' July 11.— The Cologne" Gasette
publishes a dispatch from Seoul, Korea,
dated July 6, saying that bloody conflicts
extending over a period of ten days have
occurred on the island of Quelpaert, B. I.,
between Roman CathoHcmlssionarlea and
their pupils. The pupils are reported to
have been killed during, the encounters. "••¦-;
The Governor of Quelpaert, according to
the dispatch, says : the trouble was the
fault of the pupils and arose . from their
support of the tax collectors in levying il
legal taxes upon the natives.* -' • '.'
> Upon hearing that two French mtsslon
srles had- been "tilled on the y island, . a
French ..warship ; proceeded to : Quelpart.
Upon finding; the missionaries in question
alive the war3hip returned. _ . ,
The Korean Government has ' commis
sioned Huan Junan nnd an American
court . official *¦ to investigate the matter,
and is sending a, company. of Korean in
fantry with them to Quelpaert. »
• Quelpart la in the- Yellow Sea, sixty
miles' south of Korea, to which country
it is subordinate. -It Is a penal settlement.'
TEACHERS KILL
THEIR CHARGES
Every shooter, on entering: shooting stand,
shall deliver to the secretary, before shooting,
his ticket. . • ¦ > ,
A shooter after ¦ having hit the bullseye on
the point target must enter on the secretary's
card his name and residence. .
Every shooter must satisfy himself that th«
results of his shots are correctly entered. Errors
inust be at once corrected by a member of the
shooting committee before the next shot is
fired.
No rifle is allowed on the board in front of
the shooter. . ¦ . • t
The shooter mugt leave the flringr stand with
out delay as soon as his shot is marked.
Every shot (including the explosion of a car)
counts which goes off on the stand. If the rifle
misses fire the shooter can make himself ready
a second time. On missing again he. must ex
tract the cartridge and leave the stand.
¦ Smoking In the shooting-house is prohibited.
Alfred B.^ Kittridge 'is a native of New
Hampshire, haying been born in Cheshire
County, March 26, 1861. . His early educa
tion was obtained In ; the public , schools
and when 17 years of age, he entered Yale
University. He was graduated from that
institution in 1882, and at once eommenced
the study of law at Rutland, Vt. In 1884
he entered the Yale Law School and was
graduated in 1885, being admitted to the
Connecticut bar in June of the same year.
•He removed to. Sioux Falls, S. D., in 1SS5
and began practice of law. Mr. ¦•Kittridtfe
early manlfestedan interest in State poli
tics and. was for a long time ex-Senator
Pettigrew's trusted lieutenant. In 1896 the"
two parted upon the money question. Mr.
Kittridge was 7- the Republican committ
man from South Dakota in 1892 and 1S3G.
He is a bachelor. ,. ,, v • . ¦ ,
PIERRE, : S: D. , July 11.— Governor Her
reid to-day- appointed A. B. Kittridge of
Sioux Falls as Senator to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Senator Kyle. :
Has Appointed A.
B. Kittridge.
South Dakota's Governor
WILL SUCCEED
SENATOR KYLE
gregatlng in value $100,000, will be taken
to Shell Mound, where they will be placed
on exhibition.. The Temple of Gifts, con
structed for their reception, was com
pleted last night. The guard for the tem
ple has already been selected. It will con
sist, of four Pinkerton uniformed detec
tives, two^police detectives and a detail
of armed marksmen. Large crowds will
view the collection of gifts and the trav
eling facilities to Shell Mound Park will
immediately be increased. • .
The Cincinnati Rifle Association will ar
rive to-day. Among the prominent shoot
pts who will accompany It are Robert
Weinhelmer, William Hasenzahl. Captain
M. .Gindele, Ottomar Topf, H. H. Uckot
ter, E. D. Payne and Frank Speth. The
club was organized June 9, 1881, as the
PROMINENT EXPERTS IN RIFLE SHOOTING WHO WILL PARTICI
PATE IN THE GREAT SHOOTING CONTEST THAT IS TO TAKE
PLACE AT SHELL MOUND PARK. \ :...
. DETROIT, July 11.— The National Edu
cational Association to-day reaffirmed its
resolution' for a national university at
Washington- to be supported by the Gov
ernment. After taking this action the as
sociation elected as its president for the
ensuing year President W.' M: Beard3hear
of the University oi Iowa. The election
was unanimous, as was that of C. : M.
Keyes of Hartford, Conn., for treasurer*.
This . afternoon thirteen department
meetings were held, and in several of them
officers were elected. ' v .;•'
Interesting papers, on! the teaching of
economics in the schools were read at the
morning session by ¦ ' George JIuntbn of
New York, Professor F. W. Spiers of Phil-i
adelphia and others. •- . .. . , !
At the general session to-night "Prob
lems of Education* in England" were
treated In a paper by Cloudesley S.-H.
Breerton of Melton Constable, England.
The attendance to-day was estimated
at between : 11,000 arid 12,000. - .' . : ,
Reaffirm Resolution for
. National University /.
at Capital.
EDUCATORS ASK
GOVERNMENT AID
THE shooting- kings ; continue to'
pour into the city on every train
and the predictions are that the
third National Bundes Shooting
Festival which will begin at Shell
Mound Parik next Sunday will be a record
breaker. Some of the best shooters In
America have arrived,, but the largest
contingents will reach this city 'to-day
and Saturday. Advices have been, re
ceived by .telegraph of parties en route
that will swell the number of participants
in the carnival beyond expectations. .
Yesterday a number of the shooters vis
ited the park and inspected the targets.
They went over the ground thoroughly
and expressed themselves highly satisfied
with all arrangements • that have' been
made. The climate they describe as sur
passing all expectations and they antici
pate a royal good time during their Btay.
Tr'ps throughout the -State have been
planned. Those who are not engaged in
the carnival will depart after a few days
for interior points of interest, and after
the affair is concluded the bulk of the
party will go to Catalina Island on a
fishing jaunt. • Upon their return the Yo
semite Valley will be the objective point.
Many will take the northern route return
ing home. They go via the Oregon and
California line, touching. at Mount Shasta
and stopping In Portland and other north
ern citieaT . ¦ . , •
On Saturday the bulk of the members
of the bund, will arrive, as the. coming of
many of th6 prominent members has been
delayed until that day. ; Over 300 rooms
have been engaged at the Palace Hotel to
accommodate this party, as well aa 100 in
other leading hotels. A special train that
left New York City Saturday, July 6,
stopped at Chicago, Denver, Pueblo, Colo
rado Springs and reached Salt Lake City
last night. To-day the passengers on
board will spend their time visiting the
Tabernacle and Fort Douglas. Upon the
arrival of this train In this city Saturday
night the visitors will be met by the lead-
Ing German organizations and the prin
cipal shooting societies and escorted to
the bund headquarters, California Hotel,
with a torchlight procession. There May
or Phelan will extend the welcome and
all will be a round of merry making.
This morning the valuable trophies, ag-
The 'Civil Service Commission -will hold
an examination for male*stenogfaphers oh
July 23. The commission has a list of fe
tnalft eliglbles, but heads of departments
.'nsist'on being provided with male stenog
raphers. This has aroused the ire of the
ladies on the eligible list, but the charter
gives officials the privilege of making
requisition for male stenographers If they
so desire, : and no relief can be afforded.'
There are four positions to be filled in the
offices of the Registrar, Tax Collector
Chief Electrician and Board of Works.
Examination for Stenographers.
BOUND VALLEY MEN
PROTECT THEIR STOCK
Association for the Detection and
Prosecution of Cattle Thieves
in That District, '.':U : -
Harry F. LJston, superintendent and
agent of the' Round Valey Indian Reser
vation, is in this city on business. He
reports that the stock owners of Round
Vailty. numbering some seventy mem
bers, have formed an organization for
mutual protection against,- cattle-thieves.
The officers of the associatibn are Harry
F. Liiston, president; C. H. Hurt, vice
president; Con Goldberg." secretary, -and
David Johnson, treasurer. The members
pay an initiation fee of $5 each and an an
nual assessment of 10 cents per heafl'for
cattle and 1 cent per head for hogs and
sheep. This fund will be devoted to the
apprehension of stock thieves in the .-val
ley. Each member of the association Is
pledged not to go on the bonds of any per
son arrested for cattle stealing.
It is expected that the trials of all
thieves caught "red handed" will be very
short and without expense to the county
The Advance Co-operative Bakery also
filed articles of incorporation, with W J
Claus, Emil Schaerer. Herfry Heller
Louis Loch, George Stein, Theodore Mai
itor and- Peter Keljer as directors, each
having paid in a membership fee of $5
Articles -of Incorporation- were, filed .yes
ierday by the Puritan Dining-room Com
pany for the purpose of conducting tem
perance restaurants and dining r rooms in
this Stated The directors are W. R. Good
body of London. E. J. Clinton and E. A
Girvin ot Berkeley and Lillian E, Hall
and Mary L. Kelly of this city. .The capi
tal stock is $200,000, of which $132,900 has
been subscribed. . • . .
Temperance Dining Booms.
Prizes— F. E. Cosble. J. W. Helder. L. Jim
enez. J..."WIlBon, J. Slmpkins and C. O'Brien.
Floor— J. J. Hughes (floor - manager). D.
Doody. J. Shauleffel, L. Jimenez, F. J. Mc-
Cabe.
At the last regular meeting of the or
ganization the following named officers
were elected to serve the ensuing term:
R. H. McCallutn, president: Walter Johnson.
vice prssider.t; Declan Hurton. recording feec
w-tary: \V. Reed, treasurer; B. Jugiter, mar
shal- F. Phillips, chaplain: B. Ostie, guard,
A. B. Laws, local organizer: L. Jimenec, A.
Weeks and G. Sackett, executive board; J. An
orew, K. Becker and J. Yates, delegates to
the Labor Council. • • ¦ ' ,'.
the Affair.
The United Brotherhood of Leather
Workers on horse goods are making ex
tensive preparations for their first annual
oyting which takes place at Fernbrook
Park, Kiles Canyon, on Sunday, July 21.
Since the organization has affiliated with
the San Francisco Labor - Council it has
made steady progress, until now every
worker on leather goods in the citv is
enrolled In its membership. ' About $1009
worth of game and gate prizes will be
distributed at the reunion of the organiza
tion and an enjoyable time is assured.
The following committees are working
bard to Insure the success of the affair: •
Arrangement* — R. H. ilcCallum, president;
Dcclan Hurton, secretary; D. Aherne/ treas
urer.
Games— J. Wilson. "W. Blo*s, F. Phillips, C.
McCarthy and C. Bennett.
Printing — J. J. Hughee, D. Hurton and P.
Larab. <
WORKERS ON LEATHER '
GOODS TO HOLD OUTING
United Brotherhood Elects Officers
and Appoints Committees for
Is Not Yet Set
tled. ;. •
COLOMBIA WINS
EXITING RACE
Question of Supremacy
Supporters of Independence
Encouraged by the
Showing.
NEWPORT. R. I- July 11— The Colum
bia wen to-day's race in 5ne snap's with
the Constitution second and the. Inde
pendence a remarkable thhxl. The Boston
boat sailed an exciting rac e with the two
Herreshoff s and led the Constitution at
the outer mark, only to be Jieaten by her
a little over two minutes on the run to
the finish before the wind.
The breeze to-day was rrrach stronger
than on previous days and ilie'Independ
ence sailed the fifteen miles to windward
without her jib topsail am' .seemed trt
hold hierher. at the same time xootinsr jut.t
es fast. The result of to-day's .race leaves
the question of the- supremacy of the
three 90-footers uncertain, thfc . Independ
ence beinz not po slow after all. wnilo
the Constitution has yet to pro re Her un
questioned superiority to the other two
yachts in anything except t?ery light
winds. The hopes of the Boston contin
pt-nt. have therefore gone upwa.'d with a
bound, and to-night the experts are try-
Ing to figure what the Independ ence wi.I
<3o when it blows a little harder.
The race itself was very exciting, espe
cially when a little less than an Hour aft
er the start the Independence, by keeping
rear the Narragansett shore, foiled the
Cci stitution about and for a few minutes
was the leading boat in the race..
From that point to the turnirg point
th«- fight between the two yachts was one
of the closest Been here for year i. « itli
the mark about eight miles dead to wind
ward, the two flyers battled for Uie lead.
Three times did the Herreshoff yacht at
tempt to cross the bow of the Crownin
ehield boat, only to be beaten back ana
forced about. Captain Han" kept the Con
stitution right under his lee and was abie
to maintain this commanding position
through the speed and footing ability ot
th* Boston boat, even with less sail, the
Herrestioff boat carrying as usual her
baby jib topsail.
On ar.d on sailed the rivals, the hull of
the Independence being always, on the
sunny side of the Bristol boat. VV hlle
they ' battled, however. Captain Barr of
the Columbia saw his chance and took
edvantsge of this contest between the
other two yachts to slip on to the wind
ward side and he thus reached the mark
nearlv four minutes ahead.
Astern of him were the Independence
and Constitution, each etriving for the
buoy the Boston boat giving blow for
blow and luff for luff in ever case and
finally swinging around with the Consti
tution's bowsprit right over tier taff rail.
Two brief Beconds after the Constitution
also turned.
On Monday the Herreshoff yacht was
forty minutes In the ten-minute beat to
the "windward mark. On the home beat
both the HerreshoST boats pulled away
from the Independence, but the gain was
comparatively small and not at all dis
couraging to the followers of the Boston
* Shrouded in a dense canopy of fog, the
Columbia swept across the finish line.
Three minutes and 42 seconds after came
the Constitution and right astern by less
than half a mile sailed the Independence,
defeated but not humiliated. The three
crews cheered each other, the Independ
ence tars being particularly demonstra
tive.
The etatistics:
Elapsed Corr.
' TACHT. Start. Finish. Time. Tlm<».
Columbia 12:25:21 4:55 4:2?:S9 4:28:22
Constitution 11:25:43 4:58:42 4:32:59 4:32:53
Independence ... 12:25:08 5:01:05 4:35:57 4:So:14
Columbia on corrected time beat Con
stitution four minutes and thirty-seven
eecorids and Independence six minutes
and fifty-two seconds. Constitution beat
Independence over the course two minutes
end fifteen seconds, corrected time.
Joy on the Independence.
NEWPORT, R. I.. July 1L— There was
almost the joy of victory on the Indepen
dence to-night. The remarkable improve
ment in the speed qualities of the boat
has given all hands hope. Captain Haff,
who has never lost confidence, said to
day that after the Independence had been
properly tuned up she can- beat. either of
the two boats in any kind of breeze". He
further said that she has not yet been
thoroughly tried out In equal conditions.
The present series of races has so far only
afforded opportunity to find out what was
the matter. But. the captain said, since
the faults have become known there has
been no time to remedy them. All the
sails, especially the head sails, are bag
ging badly, and the sailmaker has had no
time to tighten them. An entire new eet
of head sails Is now being made. The
Independence sailed to-day with a ton less
ballast than in the other two races, and in
the absence of the jib topsail she carried
nsuch less lee helm.
There is the best of feeling and a
healthy spirit of rivalry among the crews.
Captain Barr of the Columbia dined with
Captain Haff on the Independence tender
to-nisrht.
Drennan. was the first to suffer from .the
new foul strike rule. : -.=.-;; .;/... j
Babbitt made the prettiest bunt ever
seen on the grounds. With Spies far back
he used the handle end of j the bat and
dropped the ball a foot in front of the
rubber.
In the second inning the' Dufles began
scoring. Dunleavy was safe on a hit and
made second on Kelly's error, * Francks
getting Into the running on the same play.
A double steal and a hit by Arrellanes
scored Dunleavy. Francks scored en an
cut
Youngey Johnson may have a good voice
— as far as pure, untarnished noise goes.
He may even come under the name of
pitcher at times, but what he wants to
learn and that quickly is that posing is
not baseball. It consumes time and does
the game no good. The diamond is not
the vaudeville stage.
Pete Lohman made a pretty steal from
second to third.
The irony of fate came when Hutchinson
put the ball over the right field fence on
the wrong side of the foul line and had a
strike called on him for so doing.
Lohman did a pretty piece of fake work
in the sixth. Reitz was on third and
Householder on i first. Lohman gave all
the signs and show of throwing to sec
ond when Householder left first for the
middle station. He thre\C to Johnson in
stead and Reitz was caught between third
and the plate. / • --\ ¦¦¦' .- . - ' *
Truck Eagan hit the fence underneath
the score sign for a clean two-bagger.
Drennan's catch of Hartwell's fly pro
voked a good round of hand-clapping.
Francks* fielding was fast, sharp and
brilliant.
The last play of the day was a hot liner
to Johnson, and he caught it with one
hand, doubling Householder at first.-
Baseball Notes.
SACRAMfiJCTO. July 11.— Sacramento
defeated San Francisco to-day in an
eleven-inning game by a score of 4 to 2.
Iburg and Stricklett officiated for their re
spective teams and there was little to choose
between them, as both did excellent work.
The game throughout was the most inter
esting of the season and kept the audi
ence on the jump the majority of the
time. Croll's running- catch of Courtney's
long fly, which would have been a turee
bagger, and Stricklett striking out three
irien on nine pitched balls, were the fea
tures of the came. Score:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PO. SB. A. K.
Croll, cf. 3 l, o 0 . : 4 0 ¦ 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 1 0 0 3 1 0
Pabst, lb. 4 0 10 9 0 1
Krus, s. s 5 0 3 14 4 0
Nordyke. If. 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Rellly.' 3b 5 0 10 0 2 1
Graham, c 5 0 0 0 10 0 0
Evans, rf 4 0 ft'0-0-00
Ibury, p 4 0 110 2 0
Totals.....; 38 2 6 2 33 9 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. PO. SB. A. E.
Devereaux, s. e 6 0 2 0 2 4 0
Mcl-aughlin. If 6 0 1 1 10 0
Courtney, 2b 4 11 0 7 1 0
Doyle, rf. ". 5 1 2 1 3 0 0
Hanlon, lb. 5 0 0 0 9 0 Q
Stanley, c 5 1 3 1 9 2 ¦<?
Sheehan. Sb 3 0 0 0 0 2 1
McGucken, cf. 6 11 0 2 1 0
Stricklett, p 4 0 1 0 0 2 1
Totals 43 4 11 3 S3 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 2 000000O000— 2
Base hits 1 1010001011—6
Sacramento 0 0 0 2 60 0 0 0 0 2 — 4
Base hits 0 0 0 3. 0 1 0 0 2 2 3-11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Iburg 3, Stricklett 2.
Two-base hits — Krug, Courtney. Sacrifice hits
— Schwartz, Sheehan. First ba"?e on errors — San
Francisco 2. First base on called ballej-Oft
Iburg 3, off Stricklett 4. Left on bases— San
Francisco 8. Sacramento 10. Struck out— By
Iburg 8. by Stricklett 9. Passed ball— Stanley.
Time of game — 2:00. Umpire — Graves. Official
poorer — Rutherford.
ELEVEN INNTNG GAME.
Senators Beat Wasps After Sensa
tional Playing 1 .
Runs responsible for — Hartwell 2. » Two-base
hit— Eagan. Sacrifice hit— Babbitt. First base
on errors— Los Angeles 1. Oakland 2. First
base on called balls— Los Angeles 4, Oakland 2.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 5, Oakland 7.
Struck out— By Hartwell 9, by Johnson 2. Hit
by pitcher— Reitz. Double plays— Brockhoff. to
Hutchinson; Johnson to Eagan. Passed ball —
Spies. Wild pitches— Hartwell 3. Time of
game— One hour forty minutes. Umpire— Levy.
Official BCorer^McFarlin.
SUMMARY.
terday afternoon. Fouls wero strikes, and
the Angels wept copiously. Then again,
whenever a batter toed the plate .the
pitcher had but one recourse— to throw the
ball to the catcher. No warming up and
ho relentless fouling say the new rules,
and fast oaseljall is the result.
Youngey Johnson was Sn voice and in.
arm. Receiving a splendid support, the
Angels were beat on every side and they
retired from the fray without as much as
a chalk line on the board. Hartwell was
wild as a Texas steer. Tho score;
JVXGEL.ES.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brcckhoff. rf 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Reitz, 2b 10 0 0 0 3 1
Hutchinson, lb 2 0 0 0 10 0 1
Householder, cf 4 0 2 0 1 1 0
Bowman. If 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
O. ReUiy, 3b 3 0 O 0 1 0 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Kelly, ss 3 0 0 0 1 1 2
Hartwell, p 3 0 0 0 0 7 0
Totals 27 0 2 0 24 IT 4
OAKLAND. \
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 5 1 1 0.1 0 0
Babbitt, 3b 3 0 1 0 12 0
Streib. rf 3 1 1 1 2. 0- 0
Eagan. lb 4 0 1 0 12 0 1 I
Dunleavy, If 3 2 10 1 0 0:
Francks, es 4 2 1 0-4 5 0 !
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 2 2 1 2 0
Lehman, c i 4 0 1 1 3 2 0
Johnson, p 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Totals 34 6 9 4 27 13 1
\ HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS.*
L^s Angeles 00000000 0—0
Base nils— 0 0 0 1-O-0 0-0 1—2
Oakland 0 2 0 2 0 0 2 0 • — 6
Base hits 22020021 *— 9
Oakland 6, Los Angeles O.
Los Angeles and Oakland ushered in an
inaugural day at Recreation grounds yes-
Too Much Johnson Means a
"Whitewash for tha
Place Team.
, ern Visitors;
New Rules Bring No
Luck to the^South-
DUDES PUNISH
TEARFUL ANGELS
BUNDES-FEST PLANS : BASEBALL : RACING : COLUMBIA THE VICTOR
BIG STAKES GO
TO WATER COLOR
Wins at Brighton Beach
Eight Lengths in
v . the Lead.
Results of. Racing on the
Eastern and Western
Tracks.
Time; 1:43 3-5.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Water Color,
running in the name and colors of the
millionaire James B. Haggln, won the
Iroquoia stakes, of $3000. at Brighton
Beach to-day. The -winner -was a. hot fa
vorite at 4 to 5, while AH Green was sec
ond choice. at 5 to 2. After a good start
Spencer took Water* Color out to make
the running, and he did little more than
romp all the way, -winning In a gallop by
eight lengths. All Green was never prom
inent, finishing fourth. Summary:
First race, six furlongs — Cerrera won, Tom
Kenny second. Twig third.' Time, 1:13 3-5.'
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling
-'-Fatalist won. Animosity second, Marathon
third. Time, 1:45 2-5.
¦ Third race, six furlongs — Cameron won. Brix
tcn second. Gay Boy third. Time. ?» 4-5.
Fourth race, the Iroquois stakes, J600O. mile
and a quarter— Water Color, 126 (Spencer), 4
(to 5, won; Vitellius, 113 (Landry). 12 to 1 and
3 to 1 for a place, second; Mortello, 114 (Coch
ran), 10 to 1, third. Time. 2:07. . AU Green,
Handwork and Belvino also ran. .
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — Prince of
Melbourne won, Wax Taper second. The Ama
zon third. Time. 1:52.
I Sixth -race. . mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Magnificent won. Tinge second. Barbette third.
ST. LOUIS. July 1L— Delmar Park summary:
First race, six furlongs— Frank Pierce won.
Charles C second. First One third. Time,
1:15%. ¦¦¦
Second race, seven furlongs — Antole won.
Miss Theresa second, lira. Grannon third,
Time. 1:30.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Sister Sarah
won, Jessie F second, Varner third. Time. 1:17/
Fourth race, mile and an eighth, selling —
Judse Steadman won. Nance O'Xeil second.
Coral third. Time, 1:56.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Lasso won,
Aurea second, Lady of the West third. Time.
1:42%. - .
Sixth race six ¦and a half furlongs, selling —
Ben Frost -won. Four Leaf C second, Tenny
Belle third. Time, 1:22.
CHICAGO. July 1L -Washington Park re-;
suits:
First race, one mile — fammany Chief won,
Andes second, Light Ball third. Time. 1:41.
: Second race, five and a half furlones— Bell's
Commoner wen. Rosewar second, Eddie Burk
third. Time. 1:08. , '
Third race, \he May-wood stakes, $20CO added,
five furlongs — Pentecost won. Charles M. Myer
second. Time, 1:00 4-5. No other • starters.
Fourth race, the Midway stakes, I20CO added,
mile and an eighth— Pink Coat won. Rolling"
Boer second. Specific third. Time, 1:52 4-5.
Fifth race, alx furlongs — Selde won. Trla
ditza second. King Dellis third. Time. 1:14 1-3.
Sixth race, one mile — Winter won. Chorus
Boy second, Vincennea third. Time. 1:41 2-5.
CINCINNATI. July 11— Newport summary:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Assassin
won, Polly Bixby second,' Paschal third. Time.
1:30 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Vince won.
Chemisette second, Gwynne third. Time, 1:15..
Third race, five and a half turlonjjs. selling —
Lathrop -won. The Widow second. Dr. Worth
third. Time. 1:10%.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs. handi
cap—John McElroy won, Georgte second, Mag
gie Felix third. Time, 120%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling 1 — B. G. Fox
•won. Semicolon second. .Flop third. Time.
1:14«4-
Sixth race, one mile, selling- — Fairy Day won.
Rowdy G second. Birdie May third. Time, 1:41
BUFFALO. July 11.— Fort Erie results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Infelice
won. Alamo second, Kaslo third. Time. l:2S~i-
Second race, five furlongs — L. A C won. Dixie
Queen second. ¦ Lemuel third. Time, 1:C1U.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— J. H. Sloan
won, Horsa second. Kilogram third. Time,
1:46 1-5.
Fourth- race, six furlongs. selling — Jake
Weber won. Lasher second, St. David third.
Time. 1:16.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Sneaky won.
Cherished second, John McGurk third. Time,
1:41%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Satirist
won, Tent Friend second. Insurrection third.-
Time, l:2Stf.
DETROIT, July 11.— Windsor summary:
2:14 trot — Gunsulus -won the first, third and
fourth heats. Dr. Brook, Dot Miller and Our
Lucky also started. Best time, 2:14%.
2:25 pace— Billy H won the last three heats.
Stanton Wilkes taking the first. Dainty Queen.
Mysotls, Westland and Collage Queen also
started. Best 'time, 2:10%.
2:20 trot— Ida High wood won tn three- straight
heats. Iva Dee. Milka, Superior Lily. Truf
fles, Burt Habaron, Bow Rene. Charles Tuttle
and Salvador also started. Best time, 2:13lj.
BUTTE. July 11.— Track good, attendance
fair. Summary:
First race, pacing, special— Jim. Dlxon won,
Heppie second, Irwln C third. Time, 2:18.
2:18%.
Second race, three furlonn — "Walakapugh
¦woo. Pay Day second. Time. :33%. Two start
ers.
Third race, six furlongs— George H. Ktteham
won, ¦William P second. SIscraoc third. Time.
1-.UM.
Fourth race, mile and a. sixteenth — Sylvan
Lass -won, Kenova. second, Xobleman tfclrd.
Time. 1:49.
Fifth race, six furlongs-^Julletta B won. Phtl
Archibald second. Immodel third. Time. 1:17%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Odd Eyes -won.
Blanche Sheppard second. Harry Thatcher
third. Time. 1:13*-j.
Seventh race, four and a half furfonffs— '
Abba L won, Honest John, second. . Dan H
third. Time, :33. • -_¦¦..,•;
Saloons in This City.
There axe approximately 3144 saloons tn
this city, from which the sum of $264,073
was collected in license taxes during: the
last fiscal year. TasT Collector Scott set
forth the foregoing fact In his annual re
port filed with the Mayor yesterday. The
license collections for the last fiscal year
were about $20,000 less than those of the
preceding year, in which was included the
mercantile license tax, which was abol
ished by the charter. •'.-.- ¦,
"Wilson Is Arraigned.
Robert G. "Wilson, the- ex-policeman,
¦was arraigned before Judge Conlan ye's
terday on the charge of murder for shoot
ing Maggie. Hartwell on Shipley street on
the night of July 4. As the stenographic
report of the Coroner's jury was not ready
the prosecution asked for a continuance
till July 17, which was granted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1901.
cess Than Was Anticipated.
' • * ' * * ?.
Third National Bundes=Fest Will Be a Greater Suc=
EVERY DAY BRINGS SOME NEW
DISCIPLE OF THE TARGET
The rules and regulations lor the shooting
secretaries are that they must report for duty
at 7:45 a, m., and will be allowed to go to
2 dinner at 12 m.. returning: at 12:45 p. m. They
must keep unfinished tickets and ticket punch
In their possession during dinner time.
' i Smoking and drinking while on duty are
V? positively prohibited.
Secretaries must not hold any conversation
while on duty and must. make themselves fa
miliar with slsnal rules on wheel.
The shooting rules for the shooters are as
follows: • -.-' ' • .>¦.¦
American Fishing and Shooting Club.
Fifty members were on Its charter roll.
Some of the organizers are still members.
Two of the blub -come to win honors lor
their city. The club forwarded a hand
some trophy, which was the object Of
much admiration yesterday. It represents
a golden hand holding a t:lub flush. In the
center of each card is a bright gold piece
outlined by a target. -
4
SSs^l sive. It requires immense |w||
! refrigerating rooms (ours ggsj
hold 265,000 barrels) and an even temperature of 31 WM
degrees. Fermentation is a process of months, fv'
„-,„ 'Phone Mala 417, Sherwood &Sher- &S2rtThe Supervisors' Police Committee yes
terday returned to the board without rec
ommendation the .petitions of the San
Francisco • Athletic Club '¦- and the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club to hold amateur box
ing exhibitions this month. The | petition
of the Twentieth Century Club for an
exhibition in September was placed -on
file.; ¦ ¦•%.';.-¦ ¦'¦:-. - r - ¦'¦- : - x . -: v ; ... ..¦-..
Amateur Boxing Exhibitions.
In ' Hostettef cases— On ! July S, 1901,
Judge Morrow delivered an opinion grant
ing plaintiff a perpetual Injunction to re
strain, certain dealers sued from ¦ making,
using or . selling - imitation : Hostetter Bit
ters, and also ordered 'a- reference of the
12 causes to the Master: in Chancery, to
take an account of the; profits the defend
ants have made and report to the court.
Hostetter Decision.
. Tuolumne County is organizing a Cham
ber of Commerce. O. F. Greeley, who Is
in San Francisco, says that the purpose is
to assist visitors to the rich old mining
county to a knowledge. of, its resources In
mineral wealth and in other respects.
Practically all classes of citizens are rep
sented • in the membership — miners,-mer
chants and all others who wish to assist
In the good- work. A souvenir has been
published which illustrates the mining in
dustry in Tuolumne. The first officers of
the Chamber of Commerce * are : - W. H.
McCllntock, president; -O. F. Greeley, sec
retary, and Thomas A.- Hender, treasurer.
Resources of Tuohimne County.
At a '. meeting j of the Retail Grocery
Clerks'- Protective Union held last night
at Saratoga -Hall great enthusiasm was
displayed by the members on the ! receipt
of a report from Secretary John McCaf
fery- announcing, great progress in the
clerks' efforts to secure' a shorter work
day;
Applications for membership I in the
union were received • from thirty-four
grocery clerks. A delegation from- the
Iron Trades Council attended the meeting
and was promised support by the union.'
Grocery Clerks Active.
The boycotted shop on Fourth street,
near Mission, was also visited by the ex
aminers, and Calish had an interview with
a number of : the employes with a view
toward ascertaining their standing as bar
bers. He was not prepared to report upon
any of them - off-hand until he had con
cluded some further investigations.
are fighting hard against .the investiga
tions of the State Board of Barber Ex
aminers, and the matter may yet be
brought into the courts. The . subjects
that "students" are called to operate upon
are drawn from the lower stratum of so
ciety, and naturally cleanly, conditions do
not obtain. The inspectors of the Board
of Health and the members of the. State
board are working in conjunction. Out
side of the ocular evidence presented little
can be done for several days.* As soon as
all the data, is gathered prompt action
will be taken. As soon as the registra
tion of barbers is completed it will bs
known who are the offenders.
Word was received yesterday afternoon
from J. N. Le Conte, son of the deceased,
scientist, who has been. on his. wedding
tour in the High . Sierras. A dispatch
came from the young man to his mother
under date of Millwood, Fresno County,
announcing the immediate departure, of
himself and his wife for Berkeley. They
will arrive home this evening.
Accept, the expressions of our sincere sym
pathy in the loss you have sustained in the
sudden death of the eminent and venerable
geologist. Professor Le Conte.
. SISTER MARY. BERNARDINE.
NOTRE DAME, San Jose, "July 9.
MILLON, Mass., July 10.
Our beloved Le! Conte's name blooms im
mortal, Intellectual and moral beauty, and the
spirit of truth still leads him on to all truth.
HORATIO STEBBINS.
RENO. Nev., July 10.
Mindful of Professor Le Conte' s distinguished
service to his age and of his lofty character,
the faculty of the University of Nevada desire
to express their sympathy with his family and
his university. J. E. STUBBS.
The following messages of sympathy
regarding the death of Professor Le Conte
were received yesterday by President
Wheeler:
TRUCKEE, July 9.
My deepest sympathy with university in its
great loss. - S. T. BLACK.
Joseph N. Le Conte was not present at
the funeral of his father, as it was im
possible to get news of the death to, him
in the Sierras. Miss Carrie Le Conte was
prevented by illness from attending the
service in Hearst Hall.
of the entrance and moved out to Ban
croft way and up to College avenue and
along that thoroughfare to Dwight way,
where it. disbanded. The pallbearers and
a number of faculty members and alumni
took carriages and accompanied the body
to Mountain View Cemetery. At the vault
the usual Episcopalian service was read
by Bishop Nichols. . • .
Lieutenants W. Beasley and J. Meagher;
Sergeants ' George Thompson, L. Drossel, J.
O'Dea E. 'Olsey.and J. Dwyer; Quartermaster
Sergeant McKeon; Corporals J. . Regan, A.
Burke, T. Turner, G. Henno. J. Thilgen, B.
Burns and W. Gulnan; Musicians F. Cresalla,
H. P. McEnhlll, L. E. O'Neal. J. Reilly and
M. Kent; Privates R. Bruce, H. Canning, P.
Merle W. Nolan, M. Harriman. J. Curley. IV
Uroderick, .M. Gillogley. J. Flinn.' T. Heelan.
W. Hannlgan. J. Toomey and W..Magulre.
The squad turned in early, but very
little sleep was had,, as there were 'too
many jokers in camp." ¦
. Lieutenant Beasley. posted the following
guard for the first nigh.t: Sergeant J.
Dwyer, Privates Cresaho, Canning, Mu
sician Reil.ly, Corporal Burke and Pri
vates Nolan and Reagan.
The detail is composed of the following
cadets:
NAPA, July 11.— The citizens of this city
gave the advance guard of the First Regi
ment, League of the Cross Cadets, a fit
ting welcome. There was a large dele
gation at the depot to greet the young
soldiers. The cadets marched to their
camp grounds, which are about a block
from the Southern Pacific depot. On ar
riving on the ground, .sabers and coats
were laid aside and the young men fell
to work with a will. Within an hour a
number of tents were raised to shelter the
squad . for the night. Before to-morrow
evening 100 tents will be erected in mili
tary alignment. ¦ ' '
The men of the advance guard ate thtlr
first meal at a downtown hotel, but to
morrow they will- probably fare, on sub
stantial food .prepared by Caterer Abrams.
Major John Duffey of the third battalion
was to have commanded the squad, but
owing to the illness of his mother he was
unable to accompany the advance guard.
It is understood he will, however, attend
the encampment.
The advance guard of the League of the
Cross Cadets, composed of thirty-three
young, and sturdy soldiers, departed for
Napa yesterday to prepare "Camp Pow
er" for the coming of the regiment, which
leaves this city to-morrow afternoon for
a week's encampment.
Lieutenant William A. Beasley, quarter
master of the regiment, was in charge of
the squad. The cadets left their armory
at Market and Tenth streets and marched
down the main thoroughfare, keeping step
to bugles and drums. They presented a
soldierly ] appearance and favorable com:
ments were many aiong the line of march.
The advance guard left on the 4 o'ciock
train. . . - ¦
NAPA WELCOMES
LEAGUE CADETS
Soldiers of the Cross to
EDJoy a Week in
Camp.
Application was made Wednesday to the
Board of Health for a sanitary inspee
tion of the barber "colleges," and a visit
was made to the San Francisco Barber
College on Howard street by State Ex
aminers Calish and Drake, accompanied
by Sanitary Inspector Hartley. A report
as to the shop's condition was made to
Health Officer O'Brien and later a formal
complaint was lodged with the' Board- of
Health, In which the Moler College on
Clay street was included.
When Examiner Calish visited the "col
leges" a few days ago they were found
in a most, unsanitary condition, and the
managers were cautioned. A slight
change for the better was noted at tlvs
latest inspection, but it was not enough
to satisfy the authorities, so formal ac
tion was taken. Unless sanitary regula
tions are •complied with,.:-. the:' Board of
Health will take a hand. ,
The proprietors of the barber ."collegea'.'
After 'the Barber Colleges.
The Coopers' Local Union," No. 65, in
stalled officers last night at B'nal B'rith
Hall as follows:
President, S. A. Gordon: vice president. H.
Alley: recording secretary, - \V. T. Colbert;
financial secretary, James. Clark: treasurer. S.
J. Cook ; trustees— J. J. Bernhard, William
Hae and William Pyne; inside guard, William
Ilolden; outside guard, Nick Buckler; ser
ceant at arms, M. Burns; reporter, R. Yearln.
The United Garment Workers of
America, local union, also held an In
stallation, at which the following officers
took' their scats:
President. W. n. Mason; vice president. E4
McCormack;- recording and corresponding sec
retary, Charles • A, Calhoun; financial secre
tary. J. Nelson; treasurer, Anna Burkhardt;
sergeant at arms. D. O. King; guide, Rose
Brady. . Finance committee— Mrs. Johnson and
Minnie Currey. Kxecutive board — Maud Kohel
Louis Tavaris, Mrs. Fanny Koehl, W. b'
Mason.. A. L. Yeazell, Anna Burkhardt, Ed
McCormack and Charles A. Calhoun. Trustees
— W. B. Mason, Mrs. Johnson and Charles A.
Calhoun. Delegates to Labor Council Alice
Brov.n, Minnie Carey, Ed McCormack, IJouis
Tavaris and A. L. Yeazell; Delegute to na
tional convention— A. L.. Yeazell.
Officers Installed.
In the Cooks and ' Waiters' and the
Journeymen Butchers' strikes there were
no new developments yesterday. The lead
ers of the Cooks and Waiters claim that
the wholesale butchers' move in ordering
the retailers to return the union cards has
not materially changed the conditions of
the fight, further than to arouse the ani
mosity of the retailers against the whole
salers.
The Retail Butchers' Association held a
meeting last night at B'nal B'rith Hall
and adopted new by-laws and rules of or
der. Many members of the association
had received orders from the Wholesale
Butchers' Association peremptorily de
manding that the retailers refrain from
selling meat to parties who have been
blacklisted by the wholesalers and that
they not only take down the union cards,
but that they return the cards to the
Cooks and Walters' Alliance. This notice
evoked much stormy discussion.
The retailers feel that the wholesalers'
fight against the union restaurants i9
forcing great hardship upon them. They
say they are forced to bear the brunt of
the struggle without having any means
of fighting back.
The Stationary Firemen's Union held a
meeting last night at 1133 Mission street
and elected officers. They also decided to
make a demand for a charter.
Hetail Butchers Resentful.
Decisive Action Expected To-Day.
Livingston Jenks, who was present at
the employers' conference, stated in an In
terview afterward that this was the near
est approach to a settlement of the dlf
liculties that had been reached since the
inception of the strike. He said;
"We are earnestly endeavoring to ar
range for a meeting between the two par
ties, and we hope they will arrive at a
settlement. First, however, before the
employers will consent to a conference
they desire to know exactly ¦what subjects
are to be discussed. The programme must
be outlined beforehand. I nave learned
that the Iron Trades Council has ap
pointed an. arbitration committee, and I
am going to meet with them t for the pur
pose of arranging for a regular confer
ence."
The proposed conference between Mr.
Jenks and the representatives of the Iron
Trades Council was held later in the day,
but nothing definite was accomplishd.
Preliminary measures were discussed and
arrangements were made for a meeting
to-day, when it is expected that some
thing decisive in the way of arbitration
will be effected.
The members of the Iron Trades Council
are delighted over the prospects of a
speedy termination* of the difficulties.
They regard the desire on the part of the
managers to discuss the matter with a
committee of the ironworkers as a partial
victory, considering that in the first in
stance the bosses positively refused to
recognize the local unions.
Brewerymen May Strike. -
Although there seems to be every rea
son to believe that <the machinists' strike
will soon be terminated, the end of the
strike epidemic does not yet appear to be
in sight. Recently Branches 1 and 5
of the United Brewery Workingmen's
Association submitted a contract to the
boss brewers in which they demanded an
eight-hour day. They ' based their de
mand principally on the fact that the
brewers all over the coast, excepting in
this city alone, labor but eight hours each
day. The contract was to have gone into
effect on July 15. The boss brewers paid
not the least attention to their employes"
demands, but on the other hand presented
a contract which practically bound the
workingmen to labor nine hours at a
stretch. This contract also stipulated that
the brewers should not join In a sympa
thetic strike.
This contract of the boss brewers was
submitted to Branch 1 of the United
Brewery Workingmen's Association at
the meeting last night at 1159 Mission
street. It was unanimously rejected. In
taking this decisive action, the brewers
explained that they could not possibly
adopt a nine-hour contract without en
tailing great Injury upon the members of
the other branches of the association on
the coast, who have all been granted
shorter days. The contract now will be
referred to all the branches of the United
Brewery Workingmen's Association and
to the Labor Council, and upon their ac
tion rests the possibility of a strike. It
seems to be the sentiment among the
members of Branch 1 that when the ex
isting conditions are made clear to the
boss brewers they will not insist on their
nine-hour contract.
The United Brewery Workingmen's As
sociation comprises the teamsters and
bottlers as well as the brewers. In all
they number about 600.
The managers of the Union Iron Works
also held' a meeting yesterday for the pur
pose of considering the developments to
ward conciliation. At'the conclusion of
the meeting it was definitely announced
that the employers 'were willing to dis
cuss the strike station with a committee
appointed by the Iron Trades Council
with a view toward the adjustment of the
difficulties.
All indications now clearly point to' an
early and amicable adjustment of the dif
ficulties between the .striking machinists
and their employers. Yesterday both sides
expressed themselves as being willing and
anxious to effect a final settlement
through the medium of arbitration. At a
meeting of the executive committee of the
Iron Trades Council, which was held yes
terday morning in the Emma Spreckels
building, the referendum vote by all the
machinists' unions on the question wheth
er to submit to arbitration or to continue
the strike was canvassed. \ The vote re
sulted in an emphatic declaration in favor
of arbitration. Accordingly the council
appointed a committee ot five to confer
with a committee of the employers when
such a committee shall be appointed. This
committee of the Iron Trades Council has
full power to act.
Both Sides Hope for a
Speedy End of the
Strike.
, . — • ¦ .
Brewers Reject a Contract
Proposed by Their
Employers.
IRON WORKERS
TO ARBITRATE
Continued. From Page One.
PROFESSOR LECOITE IS LAID TO REST
"The electric light service would\be sold
to the hotel, camps and houses situated
in the valley, and the plant would be self
supporting. Some people have suggested
that an electric road be * operated in the
valley, but the commission is. opposed to
that. In order to make the Yosemlte at
tractive to the public we must furnish a
certain amount of comfort to visitors. To
mountain climbers : and .those who "rough
it" modern hotels,., .and^inventions .are
looked upon ; askance. S IC the .xosemite is
to be made attractive we must hare cer
tain improvements. Personally I yield to
no one in my love and admiration for the
beauties of the Yosemite, and I think that
the effect of an electric searchlight on
the falls and domes would furnish re
markable and never to be forgotten views
to visitors." ¦ .
"The commission will be pleased if the
members of the Sierra. Club will be pres
ent and give jis their views on the mat
ter. . If we Install the plant and have a
searchlight to illuminate-, the falls at night
we think it would add to the many, charm
ing scenic effects, to be found .in' the Yo
semlte. It is only natural .that opinions
should differ on the question/and for that
reason the commission desires to have
some of the Sierra Club members present
at its meeting next • Monday. .
"Some of the gentlemen ¦who are op
posed to the lighting plant, are probably
of. the opinion. that a modern hotel in the
valley is a desecration of nature. I have
even heard complaints ¦ made, against the
telephone and telegraph wires that run
into- the valley. If we -did not have the
telephone and telegraph in the valley oth
er people would complain at being cut off
from the outer world. Complaints are be
ing made of the dusty condition of the
roads, whilp there -is a general demand
for a system of electric lighting in the
valley. For that reason we propose to in
stall a pumping and electric lighting plant.
Plans and specifications have been drawn,
and the commission will . meet next Mon
day at 1 p. m. in the offices in the Claus
Spreckels building to pass upon the mat
ter. • : ¦ ;
"The last Legislature appropriated ($25,
000 for a pumping- plant and an electric
light system in the valley.' The two sys
tems are absolutely needed. The roads
are in need of water, and we must have
a pumping plant. The hotel, houses and
stores in the valley are lighted at present
by lamps and candles.' There is danger
of fire always present by the . use of oil
lamps. The plan to Illuminate the falls
is to use a powerful electric searchlight.
We ¦ have ' -never thought of placing arc
lights in front of the falls or on the
domes. The idea is absurd. In Europe
many of. the great falls are illuminated
by electric searchlights, and the effect of
colored lights on the falling water and
spray is artistic to a degree. :"
Attorney "W. W. Foote, one of the Yo
semlte Commissioners, in discussing the
proposed electric lighting plant for the
valley and the protest of the Sierra Club,
said yesterday: ¦¦ . ' . ; ¦ •
"The Sierra Club is mistaken in thinking
that- the commission intends to mar the
beauty of the valley. On the contrary,
It desires to add to the scenic effects of
nature's wonderland. A member of 1 the
club is quoted as saying that 'electric
lights for the falls and domes would be to
convert the valley into a midway plals
ance.' . .-
The members of the Sierra Club' have
placed themselves on record' as being op
posed to the Installation of an electric
light plant In the Yosemlte Valley. A com
munication has been sent by the club to
the Yosemlte Commissioners as a result of
a meeting held In the.. valley last Tuesday,
and the protest will be discussed by the
commission when it meets next Monday
In this city.
Sierra Club Opposes Plans
to Install a System of
Lighting.
Commissioner W. W.
Foote Says Electric
Plant Is Needed.
MAY ILLUMINATE
YOSEMITE FALLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 12. 1901.
5
STATEMENT
— of the£—
CONDITiON AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OP NEW
Xork, on the 31st day of December. A. D.,
1900. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commigeloner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company J1.0S9.175 00
Cash in ComDany's Office 2,338 30
Cash in Banks 100,327 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,295 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 253,140 38
Due frcm other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 30,932 01
Total Assets 11.478,229 12
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid JS3.553 73
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 44,890 41
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,342 68
Grops premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $763,269 69;
reinsurance 50 per cent : 381,634 85
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year. I3S5,-
43* 55; reinsurance pro rata 222,720 64
All other Liabilities 61,878 24
Total Liabilities J766.020 57
INCOME. —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $941,6S7 63
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortsas«J 759 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stock*, Loans, and from
all ether sources 41,936 72
Total Income $9S4,*03 52
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~
Vet amount I>ald for Fire Losses
(including $64,740 05, losses of pre-
vious years) $694,234 11
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 193,664 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc ; 63.204 31
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 29.0S6 46
AH other payments and expendi-
tures •• 54,530 16
Total Expenditures S1.C36.719 34
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $664,825 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $180.1G3,8i9 91.SS0.4S8 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 163,884,972 1,205,193 79
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900 1 149.664.207 1,148,702 24
GEO. S. A. YOUNG. Prest.
WALTER S. ALLEY, Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to. before me, this 6th
day of February, 1901.
JTDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
pacific coasTdepartment,
323 California Street, S.F.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO Directors.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
f 65 1C5: UASZ£T » T - t8t - e**"-. s.F.Cii. I
\ tf^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
45 _^4-». World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
* WS a2fl| di«.easr p»ni«i*rlyrnr«.dby theoldest T
O fli^xal i'Peoilibt on the Coast. list. 36 years. <J>
6 lt¥xj[ ft OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN i
\ I wSaftS Ccnsultatioa free and strirtly private. \
A E Jl**£ H Treatment personally or by lettrr. A A
\ B J# il M ¦"°** tlt " Curt in erery case undertaken. \ '
A 9 II \\& WritefV.r Book. rHII.OSiOi-HVof A
"II I MARRIACE, MAILED FREE. fAf
A ii il- valuable book for mm) \
f OB. JOBRAX A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S.F.Y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE UAMIAXA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
Price jl a bottle. Fcr sale by druggists.
DIRECTORY
" OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prica Lists Mailai
on Application.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIQ IRON.
Jr WII QHV * Ct\ 90 ° Battery Street.
- V- V ILOUn ff Ml- 1 Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA5 RflVFQJtrfi Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3« flUIEjffLU- Clay! Tel. Main 1234
oils. ;
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front sL. S. F. Phone Main 1719. \ -
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Sp^ar St., S. F. Tel. Main 6320. /
Pioneer Dry Goods Store; ;.
MEN'S WHITE DRESS SHIRTS for 40c.
•north SI: Ladies' and Children's Hose Sc a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
pyiNTINQ.
Er HfififfFS PRINTER. ¦
W» IIUU1IC3. SIX Sansome Bt.. S. F.
g PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First Street, San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
4*ftl lilf BIA SAN FRANCISCO'S
lUULUlwimA LEADING THEATRE
LAST 8 NIGHTS.
THE MIGHTY MELODRAMA!
Every Evening Except-TTT|TT\ Tl T\
Ing Sundays. Matl- I J j| I I ! 1
nees Saturdays Only. I I 111 I I LJ IJ
CHARLES lllnllllll
PRODUCTION. gy—rp
By Arrangement with "y. W
DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's igW
B-Act Drama on g^^^^
Oulda's Famous Novel. TIT 1 tfM
Over 100 People, ¦ ¦ I B R I I I
Including hi II V
BLANCHE BATES P ifllTlJ
as "CIGARETTE." * JJXJl*^ 9>J
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Interesting. Personal Souvenirs of Miss Bates
PRESENTED TO ENTIRE >»UD«ENCB.
Seats for next week now celling. ..
July 22— CHAUNCEY OLCOTT. >
VAUDEVILLE AT ITS BEST!
ARBAS AND ALICE, GELBEBT
AND GOLDIE, IBVING JONES,
CLAYTON WHITE AND MABIE
STX7ABT; PBOSFEB TBOUPE,
BIMM, BOMM, BEBB; LA
MOYNE BROTHEBS, TETG BIO-
GRAPH, EMILY LYTTON, CHAS.
BOWSEB AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats, 2jc; balcony, 10c; opera 'chairs
and box seat."*. 60c.
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and -Sunday.
AyHHATR E^Xt
ITS TOWN TALK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS ~ LADY TEAZLE. Supported by White
. ' Whittlesey, in
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL"
. Next— "THE COUNTRY GIRL." .
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance. .
ONLY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Fall of the Bastile !
FRENCH NATIONALCELEBRATION.
SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901.
ALL DAY! ALL NIGHT!
AT THE -'(CHUTE'S.
LITERARY EXERCISES, CONCERT,
FIREWORKS (Modern) at 9 P. M.
GRAND BALL EVENING.
'ADMISSION. 25 cents; CHILDREN. 10 cents.
Literary Exercises .. Afternoon . Becifi at 1^0.
. ELECTRIC CARS RUN ALL. NIGHT.
BASEBALL,
LCS ANGELES ys OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY
-.'¦""¦. AT 3tl5 F*. A\. .
SUNDAY- AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
~: Eighth': and Harrison streets. :
AMTTSEMENTS.
BELtSCO Amn THjUr&s! sA iH&
TO-NIGHT. LAST PERFORilAJICES
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
JAMES M. BROPHY.
And a Sur>erb Cast in an Elaborate Production
of, William Gillette's Great "War Drama.
HELD by the ENEMY
pDirpC Evenings 10c, 15c. 23c. 33c. 50o
I flit C3 Matinees ..10c. ISc. 23a
Next "Week— Mammoth Spectacular Produc-
MICHAELSTROGOFF.
*TSVPL1*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"THEY'RE COMING IN BIG BUNCHES TO
SEE THE BRILLIANT SHOW!"
THE BABES
X WOOD.
. , .. .¦ „¦ : '•--¦.¦•
Eook by Ferris Hartman.
MUSIC AND FUN GALORE!—
Popular Prices 23c and 50o
• Telephone— Bush 9.
GRAND OPERMOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BALANCE OF THIS WEEK.
Playing: to Enormous Business.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY CO. In
William Gillette's Wonderful Play.
Secret Service
Great Cast. Including T. Daniel ¦ Frawley.
Mary Van Buren. E. J. Morgan and Theo-
dore Roberts.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK- Another Great Play.
"THE WHIT»5 HEATHER."
First Time in This City.
Secure Seats Early.
CHUTES A1TOZ00 pfoSSp
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE. THE MAID OF THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONSTER CAKEWALK,
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
COMING !— THE ORIGINAL
BOSTON BLOOMERS,
I^ADIES CHAMPION BASEBALL CLUB
of the "World
VS.
THE BUSHNELLS of San Francisco.
RECREATION PARK... '..JULY 14 and 15
Sunday 10:30 a. m., Monday 3 p. m.
High Class and Moral In Every Particular.
Patronized by the Best People Everywhere.
PT^PHFR'^I CONCERT HOUSE.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. G. S. WANRELL.
Oliver Canon. Al Hazard. Viola Vignette.
Wren and Lynton. Kelcey Sisters, Wilson and
Black. »«•»«
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathlcg, Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
l; r-l:.lSJ!^.5^-------'---l-''..' THE . EMPOBITTM. J THE EMPOBITTM.
$ The Principe de Gates Cigars 9 for 25c. 5
}» -¦,¦¦: The Londres Grande i2^£c size; on sale Friday and Saturday. 5
1?--— — — — -— — : — — — ; ¦ j ¦ : : *
J Turkey Red Table RHPHHB" SE&J98^ffekff$kfi!!S E A i8 25 ° and 35 ° Tooifi "I
K Covers, 58c and 68c. || Bii" ff fy[g W^^mS B m H BbB Brushes, To-Day 11c. I«
|? 175 only, fringed all around; 111 SJff^** £%.Vk43i ¦ vfcgf They arc extra high grads bris- .J
If the 75c and $1:00 sizes at f\ Wf* SS **» tics in finely pollsbei bone ban- «
K : . above price to-day ony. . CALIFORNIA'S ¦ LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. dies; at above price to-day only. <*
J. :__: . . __ _ . _ : g
s ift -^ 0^s^*k Sweeping Reduction Sate i
I "^^^^^^ Now&Sfy Fancy Ribbons. I
IC / Jt^kt^ hJ^^^^x'K To- Jay (Friday) we offer many thousand yards of Novelty Fa^cy Ribbon, quantities 5
IS "/ /'^^^^^^^^^ U Pv^^^l^Jjy e^ ove: trom a k' g se-ison's re'L'ng, at half regular prices. Early comers will get some of the jf
V V¥WlVm^^ b 'ge«: ribbon bargains of ths year. . Jt
ft ; yW^r^mT||TM^ c * ' — 2000 yards of, No. 9 all-silk Mohr, TaffeU Ribbon, 1^ inches wide, good colon,
* ¦ ; '///MX\\ ' 1 llW* ' JrJzn^iP I0C - qua it} ' Ea e pr ' ce xo ~* alf ••'• ••¦••'• 5o 5
** ' \Ma -'J^r ' Lot 2 — 1500 yards No. az and 30 Moire Ribbon, from 3 to 3^ inches wide, good colon, Jf
j* >^^O«cr_ii^ aoc quality; sa'e price per yard lOO*
Jf i^S^SeP^^ — -000 yards of 3-inch all-d k Novrlty Fancy Ribbon, in li^ht colorings for neckwear; "2
ts IML^^^^^^i^^^f!^^^ 20C ua * l y» sa ' c p r ' ce to "^ a y p er y arc^ 120 If
If J &^^~~ g:a^^* r-^y^^'^- Lot 4^Severat lots of our best 25c Nuvehy Fancy Ribbons, 3^ inches wide, rich colorings; %
¦ . - ¦ * ¦ , E3.c pne c per y«u*u . . m . . . B a » » . . .*...• •••••* ••*••» •••••••••••• •»••*••••• M
| Clothing Sale, Shoe Sale. |
J». Wtcre assortments of the Surnm:r- 5OO p air3 Qu een W aist and Skirt iSuppcrteni, jf**%. Tefy 5
it fe'.d wholesale 3tock, . wh ch VVC arc japanned and nirkelcd, assorted sizes lrora 19 f^y(\£ / !l rok(: ? M
£ iiow sellng at C7c on the dollar, be- 1037 inche?, 6 catches (enough for three >»\j«\ V\ I ,', C
tf s zes with • equal'y as good clothing JUC h jBm \l £&&'$ ) and ChJ " S
K from our resular stock. These are the ••••••-•••••••• W /JS/T yj^'lKA^* , '5
| best clothing, bargains that this town 25C HOSB 14C. - M^T W \ t&&T' °?, S
J has ever known. Chidren's^x '^ extra heavy coUonHoae, B^ j XjAp^l Jl^* J
II . r - triple knees, double sole-, sramless, the h^^jO TuN A-^ Jr "^"^ ••
*? r~X Men's $IO.CO Cheviot usual a 5 c quality, tizu 6 to 10, for „- £ZO' W/^^ ment now .j
J • C^p CassimcriSuitv. V^ day cn!y, per p:ir. . MH-C Vt*^ "^onS *
II M^T*i'W?^$ Special Sale ,TZ7FH
I /vTT\ • • '" %*£ men '* Furnishings. 1*. i^ «w.
%-Y\-¥ \ Men's $20.00 Woritel, .y^^V A special purchase Y *• tl'r r^l m i £ eS * n ° W * ' ' * -^52
-\ I : t 1 Piaue, Sergj and Oxford /^jSfe cf 3° do « n Men '« iZ- "«? SnMr^' 27 5
* V\ I y Uv\t>-n™ .....$11.45 Hlffl Fancy Stiff Bosom Ladjcs * 2 ' 5° Ffench Kld Oxford Ties, vow 5
S \J_ fe^ ~ S* Men's :$20.00 Over- I ITSrnMlJll 'Shrts, mzie cf the •• V* •¦ •• ••••. 5i"i2 «
tf YM*4 Coats-Englhh Whipcords, I I (1 JS^Sk hestquaUty Goner's l3-O» Oxford T« "^ $/.78 £
*'' : //iM Coverts and Oxords; now I II tiSS^i ' PcrJale and fine to Via K,d Sho^ now... J
*f • •Vl /T . . ...$114-5 I I Ma'ra', some with T WW '," " \'J I •.'• i: 5
£ /\ \ Boys' $6.00 L?ng Pan" I fflifetfSfev two pa'rs of cu3* J*}-*\ / 3 -°° J'f 1^/^ 0 "' "' i °tl' 32 J€
t I \\ \\ Suits - Air-wool Ch.viots K^^\ to match, regular !« .*M= Vk> K, SS« c,t tc.^/.SS %
\' '\ I . and CknSnj sizes Jor | I Wm%^ fi-S© value, in I - d « 5 3 -5° K-d and Calf Shoes, cut to |
S^'\ I toj 9y««-.^ ¦i|^^^^?I li S fioail4to i&&£«&Mi*'^i*7f"" *
i ISA \1 1 1 " Boys'$l6.b0Lon g Pants day ' S3C £* % ™ "^ * " * SaG *
lVi\ 1 l) u '* $ — Choice fabrics in /U*ssZfiiul$i$IiTr\ on ty »> ¦ '" ~~~ 5
S-ltyj w P 9W^nol^orboy8 $Mm^ ** , .. Speciais. ;
gf; <S>- JQ $5.98 - Sortvoan Bejt Dr Y Granulated Su«ar— To-day •*
J. Boys' $7.50 3-Fiece Suits-Now. $4.27 at One- . y v v * 8 ibs for S f 'OO 5
fc » Men's $3.00 AIMVool Pants— Now. 5/, 7/ Jhi-^. Loss Than Regular Sn '«" » Catsup— Regularly 25c a bottle, to- „«
»? Men's $5.00 Fine Worsted Pants— Now Pftc as— Hne qua ky of imposed Lii-'e 2Qo •*
J $2 55 and Bilbriggan, summer weights, infancy Germea — 4-lb packages, to-day only. . . .183 JS
j^ Men's $4-00 and $5.00 Fancy Vest?— Now... striped and figured effects; to.day: Libbey's Devi'ed Ham— Regularly 5c tin, sp?- jt
•f o • •; -v • ¦ • • - v - ••••••••¦•• • $2.28 $2.00 Sute. .$1.33 54-od Su ta.$2.67 CI " al t °- iz y 2 tins 7c 5
» Boys $6.00 Russian Blouse Suts— Now.... Su u.$2.VO 54-5° Suts.$3.O>9 Soda Crackers— Fresh and 0%, 45c boxrs %
K • $3-4-2 *3-5O Suits. $2,33 ?5-oo Suits. $3.33 special to-day 39o ' X
$ Mturifan ~~ Man's Unxlerwear-^ ribbed p run «-Be:t Santa c^'mrtJjfsi \ 5
ft MWitgJClG&n /^ > - cotton, in fancy stripes, well made and c n - c ; a i tn-Aiv -9 ffci- Off^I "5
* Hat* 5 Ol* ¦ M\ nicely finished, all sizes, special to-day and a -. P ' . , y ." •¦•••/IflS^fiO
* S» 5' -bo fe\ Hsbargarn at the price, p=r gar- I- - Str y k . cr s Sand Soap-Instead of 6 for zjc, %
*> Kind 39c. *«* ..43c t0 - d3 y soars f O r25o I
Jj* Boys' Mr lican Straw Hals 1 V. ..^3?* n~ M m • «¦» *W
J? with heavy silver braid «|5^, : =^l F l*SMntBti r*IGtM5*GS LltfUOB* SpGCiSiMSm S
g ban^sani bindingr, the \m~«Tfk $hOO GPS^C 63C. ' Modoc Claret -Fins quaky, regularly |x.oo %
ft genuine, made m. Mex- TJg Another cf the bi 3 store's famous picture saes P« g^on, special to-da (Fri:'ay) r9BZ** *
x 'o!d regu " 5 °° " -^sSfe'' for Fri<?ay onl} ; coI . orcd P hcto » *"* only M%3 C
If ayony " OO|j "^^y^^ framed in i git and ebony moldings Choice Old Sauteme — A very excel'ent fi.co j«
X 'Hnt"iwVfm»n* - wUh fanc X corncrs . n^xi^ per ga'on white « be, special to-day .. 75© #
$ S , ¦*P arOne ?* — t . , inches, all nice, new subjects, reg- c9^ Wood Alcohol-Fu'l quart 4 oc b 3 :t:«; ro!day £
J. Maia floor, olf rotunda. ulariy $1.00 each, special to-day. OaC 32r* «
¦¦xY~'''*-~~ ~ . «««* .^
alone will sustain life, but Mellin's
Food is intended to be and should be
used with fresh milk— with fresh
milk it is a complete food,
Mellin's Food not only supplies nutri-
tive elements needed by the young
infant, but modifies the milk and
makes it more easily digestible.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
mm I
3 this Great Train !
| Mi<u runs but twice |
« per week dsring 1
I fflUDU "" -
H Tur Leaving at 9 am, |
* it arrives in 4
I ASMPr.n»iB ChIc *a° at2 - 15 j
I LiLlruEiKlfi pmonThurtday$ !
C stio Sundays. ;
1 fiyn|ft — |
§ LltflllL&l Its hfjH sttr.dard i
( f 5 ' °* $ervica ls a
I ON fulfy malntrinerf. !
hint w I
fvJV PALACE y^g.
Connected by a covered pas-
sagcv.ay and operated jointly
ur.dc-r one management on the
American and European plans.
1400 rooms; 503 with baths.
|U^CRAND<^J
ST/\TE/V\EINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CF THE
Fire Association
f\r PHILADELPHIA, in the State of Penn-
Vf eylvania. on the 31st dar of December. A.
D. isCO, and for the year ending on that day,
t«= made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
/ State of California, pursuant to the provisions
' of sections €10 and €11 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount cf Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
nesi Estate owned by Company $03,600 00
Loans on Bonds and Mcrtgrajres LSOC.flO 83
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bond? ownei by Company S, 072. 426 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 85.140 61
rash in Company's Office 23,483 59
Cash in Banks 230.70190
Interest <5ue and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20.9SS 08
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MortRae^s <2.081 32
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion S3S.263 53
Rents due and accrued 2,160 21
Jjue from other Oomtianif-s for Rein-
eurance on losses already paid 22.596 S6
Total Asset* $6. 340, 2M 93
LIABILITIES. ' "
Losses adjusted an" unpaid J 128.S55 82
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 344.«33 90
Losses resisted, including ernenwjg.. «0.934 71
Gross Premiums on Fire RisVs Uun-
ntnK one year or less. $2,0Sj.9S2 38:
reinsurance 50 per cent 1.042.93113
Gro«s premiums on Fire Risks run-
rinp more than one year. $2,377.-
SS9 fi4: reinsurance pro rata 1.26;,3«9 33
A-nount redaimable by the injured
on n*rp"tual flre insurance policies. 1,945.077 «
All other liabilities 34«,573 37
Total Liabilities $4,914,20182
INCOME. =====
•Cst cash actually received for Fire
* premiums •¦---• $2,512,667 71
Itecefrcd for interest en Bonds and
•'crtrage* 1C7.244 70
received fcr interest and dividend*
*>n Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other source* 137.M2 «s
Received for Rents l«.fi!>7 91
Received from all other sources 5.704 €1
Total Income J3.1S1.S77 S9
EXPENDITURES.
«Cet amount raid for Fire Locses
fincludinjr SC94.8C8 23. losses of pre-
vious years) ? H.MJ.KS0 11
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
or allowed for CommiESlon or
" Brckerap* ••• »¦-•••-••• C58.C71 7S
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chanres for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 137.723 22
Pai.1 for State. National and Local
taxes iviir i;- " 3 >"* w
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 137.092 21
Tctal Expenditure* IS. 189, 220 92
— Ffre—
Losse* incurred during the year... .$1.787.230 55
Itisks acd Premiums. I Fire Rlsks.l Premiums.
Vet amount of Risks I .-'^W'
written during the I
/ea r I 1304,327,-M I $3,753,312 21
-Skt amount of Ilisks I
expired during the J
year 1 252.637.311 3.22L767 20
Net amount In force 1
December SL 1900....J 410.6S1.756 , 4.733, 767 98
* - ~~ K. C. inWIN. Prest.
M. G. CARRIGUES. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
Cay of January, J9O1.
THOMAS B. PROSSER.
Notary Public.
J. M. BECK, Manager.
' JNO.O. RICHARDS, Mgr. S. F. Dept.,
219 SANSOME STREET,
San Francisco, Cnl.A New York lad who failed recently to-reach a re
quired standard in his studies shot himself to death.
He possibly felt that he ought to save some one else
the trouble later in life.
1
Chicago and Return $72.50.
On sale. July 20 and 21, : the Union . Pacific
Railroad s will . sell . round r trip tickets to - Chi
cago, good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. , D. ,W.
Hitchcock, - General "Agent, J. Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. ''.if-'-'-? '. "- '•'¦'(¦: '¦•
Best Way to the Yossmlte.
The . Santa Fe . to Merced and stare thence
via- Merced ' Falls. Coultervllle, Hacel Green.
Merced Bie- Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls,, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Grand Canyon Excursion.
On Jul£ 22d a special excursion rate of $40
for the round trip. San Francisco to the Grand
Canyon of Arizona, will be made. Leaving- San
Francisco at S p.m. on the 22d, you reach the
Canyon for , supper the 23d. No other sight Is
comparable to this, . the grandest of nature's
marvels. - Ask at 641 Market street, the Santa
Fe office, about It. '
A Pittsburg paper criticizes certain re
ligious papers for demanding and receiv
ing/ pay for printing an appeal for tho
famine sufferers of India last; year.
Special Information : supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. -Telephone Main 1042. •
A MISTAKEN PHILOSOPHER.
WHILE the tremendous hot wave which has
raged over the East for so long a time has
been the direct or indirect cause of many
tjundreds of deaths, the most illustrious victim thus
far has been Professor John Fiske, whose death is at
tributed, according to the reports,- to "heart trouble
and heat prostration." He died at the age of 59, when,
according to those who knew him well, he should
have lived well on toward the century mark, for he
possessed an abnormally strong constitvition and was
noted for physical as well as mental vigor. ._ -
A little more than a year ago an eccentric million
aire in Chicago gave to the world an account of a sys
tem of living by which he believed men' could live for
a hundred years. It included among its specifications
the exercise of care against over-eating, over-drinking
and over-workin^rand against sudden changes of tem
perature in the atmosphere. The -publication came at
a dull season of the year, and the subject was made a
matter of general discussion. Professor Fiske, whose
abounding health and vigor were, envied by less '• for
tunate took part ' f in the; discussion and fur
nished to a friend an account of his method of Iivinsf
Best eyeglases, specs, 10 to 40c. Look out
for 81 Fourth, front of -barber & grocery.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'i.'
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
A young'wife in New York is suing for divorce be
cause her husband took a most pronounced dislike to
her ancestors and turned her mother's picture to the
wall. The determination of this suit' should settle once
for all the -great and splendid problem involved in the
mother-in-law. •
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 11.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: F"rom San
Francisco— A. F. Coffin, at Imperial; L.
Glass, at Holland; A. Martin and wife, at
Astor; J..M. Schmitz, at Cosmopolitan;
B. M. Strauss, at Astor; J. Burnstein, F.
C. West, at Holland; A. y .Alper, at Herald
Square; A. L. E. Myer, at Manhattan.
From Los Angeles— W. S. Collins, at Im
perial; Ed Moore, at Gerard; R. A.
Thomas, at Park Avenue; H. G. R. Philip,
at St. Denis. '
From San Diego— L. E. Coff, at Cosmo
politan. _--•'.- - - -
A Massachusetts' man has filed a claim for Chicago
property worth $250,000,000. He has either taken the
road to an insane asylum or has conceived some very
definite hopesthat he ought to'bwn the earth ¦¦ : •
Geronimo, the aged Apache chief who has beeff
many years a prisoner of Uncle Sam, became gay on
Independence day, . exploded some cannon crackers
and . nearly created a riot. The old fellow, probably
wanted just one more suggestion of the old "rough
houfee" wnich he used to enjoy.
After duly studying the effects of the hot spell upon
the people of the East, the' Springfield Republican
says if 100 degrees in the shade were the -normal tem
perature, American civilization would disappear, like
butter, on a hot griddle. .
t The manager of a Pennsylvania tin plate manufac
tory has announced that no male employe of the com
pany may have a vacation unless it is to take a bridal
tour. TPhere must be some very homely girls in that
vicinity. _ _ ' ¦ ; . ' _ • .. .
Six of the more active woman s clubs in Chicago
have combined to organize a college of domestic arts
and sciences, and to show ¦how/liberal they are they
are going to let young men take some of the courses
This is the kind of thing that happens in Phila
delphia: A stranger in the city was called upon at his
hotel by a young woman, who told him that she had
seen him on the street, was pleased with his looks and
would like to marry him. ' The stranger .saw her
father, found out that she has in her own right $40,000,
and married her. The whole romance from proposal
to marriage occupied less than three days, and yet
there are people who say that Philadelphia is slow.
.By way of cheering up the people of New ', York
the Sun of that city on one of the hottest days of the
torrid season published an account of the great bliz
zard of 1899, when many people perished in the
streets, and closed by saying, "Oh, what wouldn't
we have given then for a breath of this present
weather?"
A JUDGE in a Colorado court is reported to have
recently decided that "any enactment relative
to the sale of liquor whereby a woman is pro
hibited from purchasing liquors under the same cir
cumstances that a man is, is in violation of her rights
under the equal suffrage constitutional provision, and
is in violation of the right given a saloon-keeper to
sell to a woman as well as to a man. By that last act,
the last vestige , of inequalities . between man and
woman under the laws of the State of Colorado was
swept away." /
It will be remembered that whenever woman suffrage
is a subject of discussion the advocates of the measure
invariably assert that it would promote the cause of
temperance, because women would be sure to vote
against the saloons. It is therefore worth noting
that if the decision of this Colorado Judge be sound
the effect'of female suffrage in that State has been,
not to close saloons to men, but to open them to
women. The result may be put down as another
illustration of the truth of the old saying that it is
always the unexpected that happens; but that will not
alter the effectiveness of it, as a refutation of the tem
perance argument of the suffragists. t -
Of course it is not likely that any considerable num
ber of women in Colorado will take advantage of the
rights and privileges of saloon drinking which the
Judge says are theirs under the constitution. There is
a social law mightier than constitutions, and Mrs.
Grundy has a way of enforcing her decrees no matter
what courts may say. Still the situation is an interest
ing one, and it might add to the midsummer gayety
of the country if Mrs. Carrie Nation's attention were
drawn to it.
A COLORADO DECISION.
VICTORY IN SIGHT.
FROM the readiness with which the better ele
ments of the Republican party have rallied to the
support of the Primary League, good omens can
be drawn to cheer the party in the campaign that is to
come. In fact since the organization of clubs in the
various Assembly districts it may be said that victory
is in sight Nothing now remains but to continue the
work. If that be done with enthusiasm and vigor all
will be welL
In taking that sanguine view of the situation, The
Call does not overlook the menace of bossism that still
threatens municipal politics. The professional politi
cians with their gangs are well aware of the advantage
which an honest primary election law gives the better
elements of the party, but they are not discouraged.
It is their belief that many good citizens will rely upon
the law and neglect to go to the polls, and accordingly
they are arranging to make a fight wherever they
think they have a chance to win. Their hopes are not
altogether vain. It is certain that any falling off in the
earnestness of the better elements of the party would
in some cases be followed by victory for the bosses.
The Call, however, does not believe there will be any
diminution in the activity of the league clubs, and
consequently it counts the defeat of the gangs as a
foregone conclusion.
The one issue before genuine Republicans at this
time is to make ready for the struggle at the primaries.
To that end every member of the party should see to
it that he is properly registered, and then unite with
the league club in his Assembly district. In that way
he will keep in touch with the general movement of
the party and be well advised for what candidates to
vote at the primaries. That is a public duty to which
all Republicans should attend.
It can hardly be necessary to point out the im
portance of the primary elections. From them are to
emanate the delegates who are to make the party
nominations for the offices that are to be filled at the
coming municipal election. In times past when pri
maries were dominated by bosses, it frequently hap
pened that the party conventions nominated men
whom honest Republicans would not support. The
primary election law affords honest Republicans a
means of defeating that sort of work and assuring an
honest convention. It can no longer be said that the
primaries will be controlled by force or fraSid, and
consequently there can be no longer a good excuse
for staying away from them. The issue is now fairly
up to the better elements of the party. It is for them
to determine what the result wall be.
It was for the purpose of rousing the better elements
of all parties to a realization of the advantages con
ferred upon them by the primary law that the Repub
lican Primary League was organized. One of its chief
objects is to get all citizens to take part in the pri
maries and to support and maintain the new law by
demonstrating its usefulness in actual operation. In
addition to that general work, the league aims at pro
moting: the election of thoroughly representative men
to the Republican nominating convention, so that a
ticket may be nominated worthy of the support of all
Republicans and of all independent voters. With
those objects every genuine 'Republican can sym
pathize and can co-operate for their attainment. That
is the appeal which is now being made to the better
elements of the party, and fortunately all evidences
point to the conclusion that the appeal is being gen
erally heeded.
.Some comment has been made over the fact that the
Board of Public Works has committed a serious mis
take j in its estimates of proposed city work. This
seems to be unfair criticism. Comment would; have
been warranted if the'Board of Public Works had not
made a mistake. •
M. Hirsch, a XJkiah merchant, is at the
Lick. . ,
Dr. E. M. Shipp' of the navy is at the
Occidental.
B. H. Burton, a banker of "Willows, is
at the Lick.
A. J. Bledsoe of Ukiah, an attorney, is
at the Grand.
S. Bert Cohen, a Carson merchant, Is at
the California.
"W. "W. Porter, an attorney of Coulter
ville, Is at the Lick.
T. E. Harding, a merchant of Bakers
field, is at the Lick.
A. B. Hill, a well known resident of Pet
aluma, Is at the Lick.
T. ; H. Borland, a mining man from Grass
Valley, is at. the Grand.
Sam Parker, of Honolulu registered at
the Occidental yesterday.
J. H. Gardiner, a capitalist of Rio Vista,
is registered at the Grand.
Hervey Lindley is down from Klam
athon. He is at the Palace.
Maurice Kahn, an advertising man of
Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
A. M. Brown, a mining man from
Grizzly Flat, Cal., is at the Lick.
E. S. Babcock, manager of Hotel Coro
nado, is in the city for a_ short visit.
W. Dixon Gibbs, a well known hotel
man of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Joseph Wile, who is Interested in. distil
leries in Owensborough, Ky., Is. at the
Palace.
James F. Farraher, who is prominent in
Democratic politics in Yreka, is at the
Palace.
Alexander Vogelsang, has returned to
the city ffom a fishing trip, which took
him as far as Tahoe and the surrounding
streams. ¦ . ;
' R. H. Beamer, a member of the State
Board of Equalization, is in town. He is
registered at the»L.ick from "Woodland.
*—¦ ¦ — — ~ '
WHILE the exceptional actress in
England gathers coronets, her
sister on this side of trie Atlan
tic gathers that which procures
coronets. ..That, at all events,
is the experience of Miss Mary "Wilson,
one of the six pretty maidens in a com
pany playing 1 "Florodora" in this country.
PERSONAL MENTION.
DESTRUCTION OP WILD FLOWERS
CIVILIZATION,' while it is doing so much to
preserve and multiplyeverythingthat is directly
useful to it, is tremendously wasteful and de
structive of many^of nature's gifts. "Even in this coun
try, where civilized man has carried on his work and
his waste for but a comparatively short time, we have
seen the virtual extermination of the buffalo and the
extinction of many a noble forest. We have also per
ceived the danger of an extinction of many of our
birds of beautiful plumage. It will therefore, be a
matter of no great surprise to intelligent men to learn
that in Great Britain the naturalists are complaining
of the' destruction of many of the wild flowers for
which rural England has been noted from immemorial
time and of which so many of her most famous poets
have sung.
It appears that since the days of Shakespeare the
flora of England has been considerably diminished,
many fine species have become exceedingly
scarce, while others have disappeared altogether. The
Westminster Gazette in reviewing the subject says:
"Several species, such as the lizard orchis, the coral
root, the'lady's slipper, the leafless Epipogum and the
Fen orchis, may soon have to be reckoned among our
extinct species. The sweet-scented sea stock is ex
tinct on the cliffs at Hastings, and is now only to be
found in the Isle of Wight. - The little Trichonema
exists only in one locality in South Devon. In former
years the rugged heights of Portland were clothed
with the tree-mallow, which also 'grew _ at Hurst
Castle. In both these localities, and indeed along the
whole of the southern coast except in . Devon and
Cornwall, this splendid plant will now be sought for
in vain. From the Isle of Wight many flowers seem
to have gone, and concerning many other, parts of
the country the same story has to be told." '
The destruction of the wild flowers is due, primarily
to the improved facilities of which
enable thousands of city people to get out into the
country on frequent holidays. To these dwellers
among streets of brick and mortar, where flowers are
luxuries for the rich, the temptation to gather wild
flowers when they go to the. country is irresistible.
They pull them by the thousands and drag up many
by. the roots in the hope of being able to grow them
in pots at home. The loveliest flowers very naturally
are the first to be destroyed. It is said that even the
golden; daffodil. 1 and wild snowdrop that were for
merly so profuse are now in danger of extinction.
Many a year will pass before the wild flowers of
California are in danger of extinction, but nevertheless
this new proof of the waste of civilization is worth
noting. It recalls the rapidity with which our forests
are being wasted, and helps to impress the lesson
of forest preservation while we have yet' a great for
est domain to preserve.
A statistician figures it up that the gifts to Ameri
can universities announced during the recent com
mencements reached a total of $12,817,000. If that
sort of thing keeps on the universities will eventually
own the country, and be rich enough to hire the
Morgans and Rockefellers to work for them.
FRIDAY JULY "> '9Qi
JOHN D. SPnECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrtsi All CemnsnaieitioM to W. S. LEASE, Managsr.
JIA\ACER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«« 2f>4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. -.Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 SteT-ennon St.
Telephone Prcus 2O2.
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Plncrle Co;ilc.«. S - Cents.
Term* bj- Mali. Inclndtntc Postnsret
DAILY CALL (inducing Sunday), one year..~ js.d
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL, (Including Sunday).^ months 1-50
PAILT CALL—Br Single Month . *5e
BtnCDAY CALL. One Year 150
WEEKLY CALL, One Year v i- 00
All postnin»ler« nre nntliortxcd to receive
Knbucrlptl on*.
Sample copies irUl be forwarded when requested. '•
.
Mail subscribers !n ordering change of address should hi
particular to elve bcth ICEW AND OLD APDBESS Jn order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broad-ivay
C. GEORGES KROG\ESS. »
Eastger Foreign Advertising, Kargnttta Building. Chicago
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOS Herald Square
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Jtaildlng
SEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union, Square:
Hurray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO' NEWS STANDS:
Can-man Roue*: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTOV (D. O OFFICE. . .1400 G St.. N. W.
MORTOX E. CRA9TE:. Correspondent.
BR.AJVCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay < open
until *:S0 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock^ €33
MeAJllrter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:S9 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock, lf-96 Valencia; open
until J o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until ? o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Kllimore. open until 9 p. m.
OEEGONIAN ANTICS.
WE seem to have offended the Portland Ore
goniaiv and it has become pustular in its
¦temper toward The Call and all things Cali
fornian. We were not aware that the Oregonian con
sidered Oregon, such a wallflower among the States
that she gets- green-eyed when the beau of the ball
danced with California. •
Mr. Scott, who "edits, owns, inspires, guides and
fashions the Oregonian, should not bite his, thumb at
California, nor say bad things about The Call because
we think well of this State. He should not let his
temper go oft in a w.iy to disturb the cordial relations
between- the two States. If we are not all he could
wish us to be let him remember that all things are
accomplished by growth, and by what is to-day none
can judge of what may be to-morrow.
When Mr. Scott was spending all he had in live
stock over in Clackamas County, he could not look
forward with prophetic vision and see himself now, the
Tycoon of Oregon, and censor morurrrof the Pacific
Coast His personality has suppressed the Oregon as
a figure, and the familiar, lines of the great threnody
are now read:
.AVhere rolls the. Oregonian
And hears no sound,
Save its own gnashings.
Journalistic peace has been broken, and grim-vis
aged war has taken its place, because we said the
Grecian climate of California would produce here the
Greek genius. To this Mr. Scott objects. Why?
Does he expect an Attic development on the Willan;
ette? While the future legend and vignette of Cali
fornia may be Venus rising frofK the sea, that of
Oregon may be a duck sitting under an umbrella.
Even now Editor Scott is dampened to his marrow by
the clammy moisture which prevents the Attic salt
from getting through the holes in the' shaker. His
editorial utterances have come to closely resemble the
angry hiss of an old gander guarding his brood of
green goslings. .
Why does he object to Greeks and Greek art in
California? No one down here is in an agony of
jealousy because of any of the gifts and graces of
Oregon. From the dusty banks of the Malheur to the
moldy borders of the Columbia, where the air smells
of a mixture of sage brush and alkali and the contents
of the dustpan are used to make saleratus biscuit, there
is much picturesque misery in Oregon. But rising
above the plain of wet distress towers the form of
Editor Scott, like Rooster Rock above the surging
Columbia, or the tri-faced figure of Satan. over the
thick ice of the ninth circle of the tenth hell in Dante's
Inferno; and like that diabolical image, chewing an
offender in each of its mouths.
Just now he has California in each of his three jaws
and the champing is like the noise in Governor Pen
noyer's sawmill. The scene is attractive to the Greek
intellect of California merely as an artistic suggestion.
Here where "the tints of the earth and the hues of the
sky, in color though varied, in beauty may vie," it is a
relief sometimes to turn for the pleasures of contrast
to such a scene of terror and of tribulation. But re
cently this Oregon Wallapus was fanging President
McKinley for devotion to his sick wife, and now is
tapering off on The Call and California. . May the gods
of Olympus get him and Charon cool him off in the
Styx by towing his inflamed ghost astern of his ferry
boat.
It was made public at the. time and was widely com
mented on, because'; of. its marked variance from "the
rules which are. ordinarily supposed to be conducive
to health and long life. /
'Since his death £he account given by Mr. Fiske has
been republished and makes interesting reading. It
runs this: "Always sit in a draft when I find one,
wear the thinnest clothes I can find, winter, and sum
mer, catch cold once in three and four years*but not
severely, and prefer to work in a cold room, 55 to 60
degrees. Work the larger part of each twenty-four
hours, and by day or night indifferently. '.'/ Scarcely
ever change a word once- written, eat when hungry,
rarely taste coffee or wine or smoke a cigar,' but drink
two or three quarts of beer each day and smoke a pipe
all the. time when at work. Never experienced the
feeling of disinclination for work, and} therefore, never
had to force work. If I feel dull when at work, a half
hour at the piano restores, normal mental condition,
which is one more argument for the hygienic and re
cuperative effects of music." f
A life of that kind could be lived only by persons
endowed like Mr. Fiske with exfraordinary vigor, and
we now perceive that even for such men it is not safe.
Many a man much weaker than the great philosopher
will live longer than he simply by living more wisely.
Doubtless Mr. Fiske and his friends would have
laughed in scorn had any one suggested that the Chi
cago pork packer was a wiser philosopher than Mr.
Fiske, and had a clearer brain for the understanding of
life problems, but such seems to have been the fact. It
will not profit any man to over eat, or over drink, or
over work or take liberties with the conditions of the
atmosphere.
GATHERS IN $750,000
IN PACIFIC STOCKS
CjEMENT TO MEND GLASS— F. E. E.,
City. The following Is given as the com
ponents used in making cement for re
pairing glassware: Two drachms of cut
isinglass are placed in two ounces of
water for twenty-four hours, then boiled
down to one ounce, after which an ounce
of spirits of wine is added and the mix
¦tt*re strained through linen. This while
hot is mixed with a solution of one
drachm of mastic in one ounce of rectified
spirits and then triturated thoroughly
with one-half drachm powdered gum am
moniac. You will find it much cheaper
and less trouble to go to a store, and pur
chase a vial of such cement.
FROM THE SAME CANTEEN— M..
City. The quotation asked about is from
"The Canteen," written by Private Miles
O'Reilly and is from the first verse, which
is as follows:
There are bonds of all sorts in this world of
ours;
Fetters of friendship and ties. of flowers,
And true lovers' knots, I ween;
The girl and the boy are bound by a kiss.
But there's never a bond, old friend, like this—
We have drank from the same canteen.
ALASKA PAPERS— J. W. M.. Upper
Lake, Cal. The leading papers in Alaska
are the Dispatch, published at Juneau,
the News at Skaguay, the News at Doug
lass City and the Chronicle at Cape
Nome.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
It all came, of course, out of the recent
mad speculation which resulted so disas
trously in the panic. For Miss "Wilson,
however, it has meant a fortune to the
tune of over £750,000. The remarkable
thing is that it was all made out of her
savings of $2000, that sum invested in
Union Pacific having been the starting
point of a fortune of ; two-thirds the
amount, or $500,000, while a subsequent in
vestment of $10,000 in Southern Pacific
stock. brought her $250,000.
SUMMER RATES #t Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April 15,
$60 for round trip, including 13 days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery sL
Smash the Proposed Amendment.
Colusa Sun."
The San Francisco Call has already be
gun the attack on the amendment to the
constituion proposed by the last Legisla
ture creating a boss commission; a com
mission that is to succeed all other com
missions and is to control everything. . It
cannot be hit too often or too hard. It
will get the votes of some few political
bosses and tha,t-is all.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Editor Call: In your editorial column to
day, under the head of "That Tribute to
Realty." you attempt to demolish the
single tax theory. As a single taxer and
a subscriber to your paper for many
years, and particularly as I am honestly
devoted to the single tax, will you kindly
give me a little space in your valuable
paper to show if i can where you axe
mistaken? -
I will assume that your statement re
garding the great fortune of Andrew Car
negie is correct. Three hundred millions
in stocks, you say, not money, but stocks.
These stocks are supported and held up
by a monopoly of natural opportunities
land. The trusts which have Issued the
stocks held by Mr. Carnegie ,own Im
mense quantities of land. Some of this
land is used from which to produce
wealth, but the greater part of the land
Is held Idle — out of use. To have a
monopoly of the lands which produce coal
and iron is absolutely necessary to create
such a fortune as is represented by th»
stocks held by Mr. Carnegie.
Mr. Carnegie's stocks are neither money
nor wealth and depend altogether upon
the continuance of the monopoly of lands
which created them for their value, there
fore if the monopoly of the land was de
stroyed, which would be done by the ap
plication of the single lax, the value of
Mr. Carnegie's stocks would disappear al
together. Mr. Carnegie evidently under
stands what would happen to his stocks,
or he would take your view, Mr. Editor,
and would have all the burdens of taxa
tion placed upon land values. But Mr.
Carnegie knows better; he knows that If
the stocks are taxed ho can shift the tax
upon the consumer of the goods produced j
by the trust whose stock he nold3 and thafV
if the land value alone is taxed monopoly
will disappear and he will have no stocks
worth taxing. You cannot fool Mr. Car
negie.
It is strange indeed that the men. who,
as you intimate, would be advantaged by
the single tax, should all without excep
tion be bitterly opposed to the single tax.
Probably we can attribute it to their
great patriotism.
WALTER GALLAGHER.
San Francisco, July 10, 1901.
have as comnrjTiicaticns of general interest.
presents them for whatever value they may
the opinions published in this column, but
SINGLE TAX ARGUMENT.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
The event of the week In the literary
world has undoubtedly been the appear
ance of the Tattler. It Is hardly to be
•wondered at, for its editor, Clement
Shorter, has proved himself something of
a' pioneer in the production of illustrated
journalism. Every revicv." is full of praise
for the new Tatler. All are unanimous
as to the value of the weekly paper. JVIr.
Shorter has kept his promise well. The
photographs and personal- details of all
manner of soe'ety people and theatrical
and musical celebrities arc the main fea
ture.
A novel idea Is the taking of a street
for a subject. On this occasion it la Pall
Mall, going from house to house and talk
ing with tne people inside it. It is notable
that the only people who seem to have
shrunk frcm publicity are two literary
personages. "Neither of us." writes Lau
rence* Housman on behalf of his sister in
reply to a question for their photographs,
¦desires the honor of being made known
to the public by the means you suggest."
Marlon Crawford has been paying a
nying visit to London— a city he has not
seen for many years. It seems he is one
of the few literary Americans who has
not hitherto felt the glamor of London,
even after living in it for years. He has
preferred to spend his life chiefly at his
villa in beautifully situated Sorrento, on
the bay, opposite Naples.
Mr.. Crawford now say3. however, that
the glamor of London at last In thla short
visit has entered into his soul, so that the
banks of the Thames may yet prove a
rival to the picturesque Italian village
where he has lived so long.
He is returning to London in September,
when his play, "In the Palace of th©
King-," already successful in the United.
States, will, it is expected, be produced,
in London by Arthur Col!in3 and Miss
Jessie' MHlward, who has never acted la
London since the terrible murder of "Wil
liam Terriss. •
Lord Goschen has been engaged on the
life of his famous grandfather for many
year's. The work is now in the press and
will be published in the autumn in two
volumes by John Murray. It is entitled
"The Life and Times of George Joachim
Goschen. PrMisher and Printer, of Leip
zig. 1752-1529." if
The contents will include extracts from
his correspondence with Goethe. Schiller.
Klopstock, Wieland, Korner and many
other leading authors and men cf letters
of that time.
¦ Another of Mr. Murray's autumn publi
cations will be a new epic poem by Sir
Edwin Arnold entitled "The Voyage of
Ithobal." ThTs is dedicated to Lady Ar
nold, and deals first wltn the circumnav
igation of Africa by the Phoenicians, al
luded to by Herodotus. The poem la di
vided into seven cantos, corresponding
with seven days, during which Ithobal of
Tyre relates his adventures to the King;
At the outset the hero undertakes to ex
plore unknown countries beyond the Red,
Sea. In the market at Tyre he purchases
an African princess, to whom the mys
tical secret of the "Dark Continent" is
known, and having built three ships at
Suez sets out on his exploration, accom
panied by the princess. Ithobal enjoyed
many adventures by land and sea, and
not the least exciting wa3 the mutiny of
his men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1901.
YOUNG ACTRESS WHO HAS "WON
A FORTUNE IN "WALL. STREET,
NEW YORK.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Und«r Two Flags."
Alcazar — "The School for Scandal.**
Grand Opera-house — "Secret Service."
Central— "Held by the Enemy."
Tlroll— "Babes In the 'Wood."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olyropla, corner Mason «ad Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ana
?venlnsr.
Fischer 1 6— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Iiecreatlon Park— Baseball, Sunday, at 10:30 a. m.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— French National Celebration.
Sunday, July 14.
Sntro Baths— Swimming.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOW FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a cbangre of
resifleace durice tlie summer months can harn
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
nddresees by notifying The Call Business Office.
This porter vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all toiTOB on tne coast.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC V
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOO COOOOQ OOOOQ 30 OOP OOOOOCOOOOOOC
ARE THE SAN FMtf CISCO'S j
JAPANESE LOSING THEIR TALLEST POLICEMAN AND
PERSONALITY? HIS ROMANCE. \
00000000000 0.0 000000000000000 oo~o"o~6Vob o'obb 00 o o'o 00 00 o o 00000
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOO
SOME \% THE LATEST I
CALIFORNIA KvlMvmTTTCM FA D !
BUTTERPLIES. n * ™O IDM m sm^ I
EASY LESSONS VALUE "THE '
IN TO HOUSE . j
SWIMMING. m BEAUTIFUL !
By Alice Cav,lL MEDICINE ? B * Katc Srcenlcal Locke
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
3000000000000 0 000000000 00000 000000000000000 000000000000
HOME OF KERAMIC ART MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
IN SAN FRANCISCO. AND ITS MISSION. !
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooood'ooooo 'o"b" 'o o o" b*"b~o"o"o"b o ocTcTd %
OOOOOOOOOO OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOQ OP O O OOOOOOOOOO :
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. |
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 0000 o~6~o"b~6~o~o~o"o"*o*b"b 0 o~o'o'o o o'o o'o 0 0 c
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooeSteamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 11, 1301.
' Tho time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I e., at noon ot the 120th meridian! or at 3.
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
v sc.o. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. TJ. S. N., in charge.
Chief Food Inspector Brown claims to
have discovered that the milk dairies are
supplying two qualities of milk to the In
habitants of this city. Brown says that
the people living south of Market street
and in the poorer sections are supplied
with inferior milk, while their more for
tunate brethren in the aristocratic neigh
borhoods receive a better grade of the
lacteal fluid for the same money. When
a driver was pressed for a reason for this
apparent discrimination, he informed
Brown that the people south of Market
street did not know the difference. Brown
says the practice is an outrage and he
will deal summarily with the milkmen
who put water in their milk.
Quality of Milk Differs.
Girolomo de Ferrari, recently of the firm
of De Ferrari & Grilloni, saloon-keepers,
at 533 Green street, was arrested yester
day afternoon by United States Marshal
Shine on a charge of selling liquor after
the first three days in July without hav
ing paid the internal revenue tape of $2o.
De Ferrari sold his Interest on the eighth
day of July to a third party and the pur
chaser applied for an internal revenue li
cense yesterday morning. Retail liquor
licenses are required to be paid in ad
vance for a year, the cost being ?25, and
the license must be paid before the ex
piration of the third day of the beginning
of the fiscal year if the person is in. busi
ness at that time.
The complaint was sworn to by Burt
M. Thomas, special internal revenue
agent. He is engaged in looking up sev
eral other cases of transfers of saloons
since July 3 where the seller has 'failed
to pay the tax. . : .
GIR0L0M0 BE FERRARI
ARRESTED FOR FRATTD
Sells His Saloon and Leaves Revenua
Tax to Be Paid by Pur- .
chaser.
A. little woman dressed in black an-3
leading a pretty" golden haired child by
the hand arrived at the ferry on the Ore
gon express from Portland yesterday
morning-. She approached Policeman
O'Callahan and asked his advice as to
what she should do with the child. She
said her. nam^was Miss Frances Moxley
of Lewiston, Idaho, where her brother Is
a druggist, and that while at the railroad
depot in Portland, on her way here tho
matron, Mrs. Niles, whom she knew,, in
troduced her to two young women.
One of the young women asked
her if she would take the child v to ' this
city, where some one would be in wait
ing to take charge of it. The woman of
fered her $5 for her, trouble, and she con
sented. '
The woman gave her a card reading,
"Aiiss Henlon, 415 Oregonlan building,'
and a postal card on which was type
written: "To whom it may concern: My
ncme is Olive Christine Peerless. I am
going to a lady, Mrs. Q. B. Henion, 437
Elm avenue, Pasadena, Cal., who is- to be
my grandma. She will meet me at Los
Angeles. She will know me by my blue
sunbohnet."
Miss Moxley said she told the woman
she would stop at the Arlington Hotel
here and for her to wire to Pasadena to
that effect, so that the child would be
claimed at the hotel.
O'Callaghan referred the case to Ser
geant' Mahoney, who instructed the offi
cer to take her and the child to Captain
Seymour. The captain sent for Officer
McMurray of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, and he took
Miss Moxley and the child to the Arling
ton Hotel, but no one had made any In
quiry there about them. Meantime Cap
tain Seymour telephoned to the Marshal
at Pasadena, and was Informed that Mrs.
Henion lived there and wanted the child
sent on in charge of the conductor of the
train to Los Angeles. She had agreed to
adopt the child. .
McMurray was then instructed to bring
the child to the City Prison, where she
will be kept till some arrangements can
be made to send her . to " Lob Angeles.
There is a little basket of clothing be
longing to the child, which Is of good
quality, and the child seems to have been
associated with refined people. She is shy
and the only thing that could be got out
of her was that she had lived at 1435
Fourth avenue, but she did not know the
name of the city. A pair of her shoea
bore the name of a Seattle firm. ¦
She. Is Only Four Years of
Age and Is on Her Way v
to Pasadena.
Olive Christine Peerless
Brought Here Prom
Portland.
LITRE STRANGER
IN CITY PRISON
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
TimeBalL
Branch Hydrographio Office, ¦ XT. - 8. N., Mer
• • • A - - • ¦ ,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in tho left
hand column and the successive tides of thn
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column' gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but - three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by. the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
SAILED.
Thursday, July 1L
Btmr Aloha,' Herman, »"; . '
Thursday, July 11
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Honolulu and Syd
ney; J D Spreckele & Bros Co. * ¦ - -
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav ¦ Co.
. Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br etmr Milton. Kalney, Kanaimo; John Ro
eenfeld'a Sons Co.
Bark Slauna Ala, . Smith, Honolulu; J D
Epreckels &. Bro« Co.
CLEARED.
¦ Thursday, July 11. .
Etmr Despatch. Johnson, 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Whitttboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greecwood.* '¦'*¦ v^*-. ' - ..
Stmr Kewjjort, Eaunders. 27 days 6 hours
from Panama, etc.
Stmr Emnire, MacKenn, 46 honrs from Cooa
Bay.
Etmr Walla Wala, Hall, 60 honrs from Vic
toria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Secuola. Winkle, 46 hours from San
Etmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 80 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 houni from
Ban Diero, etc
Btmr Alliance, Hardwlck,- 5 days from Port
land, etc. ' ~ ¦
Stmr Pro«rre«o, Parker, 94 hours from Ta
coma.
Br ship Tasmania, Rohde, 38 days from Ban
ta Rosalia.
Schr Monterey. Beck. BO ~ hours from Coos
Bay. --.;
Shipping Intelligence.
The schooner Halcyon sailed yesterday for
La Paz with the following cargo valued at
$S7S3: 21 cb caps and fuse, 2 cs gunpowder,
279.1C8 ft lumber, 800 hdls shingles.
A Cargo for Mexico.
To Australia— 4 csks bottled beer, 2460 ctls
barley, 13 cr bicycles and sundries, 15 bbls
bitumen. 783 cs canned goods. 400 lbs codfish.
103 coils cordage. 127,315 lbs cofTee. 13,050 lbs
dried fruit. 2130 doors, 16 bales domestics, 5
cs electrical supplies. 20 cs fruits. 70 cs fuse, 19
pkff groceries and provisions, £250 lbs hops. 50
pkg household goods, 15 rolls leather, 360 tins
matches. 50 bbls mineral oil, 43 cb metal polish,
MM) lbs millstuffs. 21 pkg machinery, 301 rolls
newspaper, 200 cr onions. 20 bales overalls, 8
pfcff paint, 10 cr raisin*. 10G0 ca rolled oats,
18 cr eevrlng machines ,.3 cs shoes, 57 cs eal
mon. 10 cs scales, 9 cs wine.
To New Zealand— 5046 lbs beans. 425 ca canned
goode. 1300 lbs coffee. 3010 lbs codfish. 40.58S lbB
dried fruit. « cs drugz. 5 cs electrical supplies,
U pks groceries and provisions, 321 lbs hops,
9 pkg liquors. 1140 lbs miUstufrs, 254 rolls, &3
Mis newspaper, S23 cs, 50 sks onions, 27 bales
overalls. 110 bx raisins. 350 ca rolled oats. 639
cs salmon. 8 cs shoes, f.5 cs, 29 gals whisky.
To Samoa — 109 pkg groceries and provisions,
14 cs canned goods, 130$ lbs bread, 12,370 ft
lumber. 20 cs coal oil. 5 bales dry goods, 9 cs
glassware. 211 lbs coffee,' 5 cs hardware. 600
lbs meal. 9230 lbs rice. Si cs salmon, 15 cr po
tatoes and onions. 21 bbls flour.
To Fiji— 27 cs canned fruit, 6 cs .canned vege
tables. 25 cs canned salmon.
To South Africa— 633 ca canned fruit, 9100 lbs
dried fruit. 1 es honey.
The eteamer Ventura sailed yesterday for
Sydney and -way ports with a general cargo for
Australasia valued at V 14,839 and manifested as
follows: For Australia, 578,738; New Zealand,
$3L020; Samoa. $2689; Fiji Islands. $264; South
Africa, 122131 The principal exports were as
follows: - •
Departure of the Ventura.
The WIbeIow will load lumber at Tacoma foi
Mollendo, 65s. prior to arrival; the Victoria,
railroad ties at Noyo for Guayaquil.
Hatters of Interest to Itlarmers and
Shipping Merchants.
ITEWS OF THE OCEAN-
The British ship Tasmania arrived from
Santa Rosalia in ballast yesterday. She
wili load wheat for Europe.
Captain Allen has been appointed mas
ter of the San Pedro, and Captain Ander
son has taken command of the schooner
Glen.
Hind, Rolph & Co.'s new fonr-masted
barkentine Kohala was launched at Eu
reka yesterday. She is for the sngar
trade.
Steve Johnson, a sailor on the transport
Thomas, began to act queerly yesterday
and was sent to the Central Receiving
HospitaL He is thought to be insane.
George Horsman, formerly second officer
of the collier Matteawan, has been made
chief officer of the Progreso.
The bark Willscott, over which there
was some anxiety," arrived at Bristol Bay
on June IS.
The steamship St. Paul has been looked
for to arrive from Nome for over a week
now. The chances are. however, that it
will be Sunday or Monday before she gets
in. She was spoken off NunivaJs Island on
her wav to Nome on June 23. Giving her
every dispatch she is therefore not .due
for a day or so.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Hansen, formerly of the collier
Willamette, went out yesterday in com
mand of the schooner Fanny Dutard.
Mr. Hays takes the place made vacant
by the retirement of J. C. Stubbs.
C. M. Hays of the Southern Pacific, presi
dent; H. G. Burt of the Union Pacific, R. P.
Schwerin of the Pacific Mail, D. W. Hitch
cock and H. E. Huntington.
•The following is the new board of di
rectors of the Occidental' and Oriental
Steamship Company:
Election of Officers.
From Punta Arenas — A. Bennett and wife.
From Mazatlan— Mrs. Carmen C. Herreriras
and four children, Mrs. Juana M. V. de Pelaez
and two servants, Mrs. H. de Esquerra, two
children and servant and Miss Marie t>.
Stewart. -»
Dr. Arriago is a brother of the Guate
malan Minister at Washington. He is on
his way to the Pan-American Exposition
at Buffalo. Mrs. Canto and her father are
also on their way to Buffalo. The Guate
malan Minister here is a relative; of the
lady.
Prom Corinto— J. C. Lur.a, wife and son.
From San Jose de Guatemala— Mrs. Perez
Canto, child and servant; J. Rodriguez, Lo
renzo Tonsea, Ricardo Arroyo, Dr. Luis L.
Arrisso.
From Manzanillo— Mrs. Teresa A. de Stoll.
children. O. Langa. C. W. Gunther and Pierre
Prebois.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to' San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent.
Stmr Ventura. Haywards, Honolulu and
Sydney.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka,
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, .
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, Fort BragBT.
Ger stmr Hermonthis, Knudsen. Kanaimo.
Er ship Pythomene, McAusland, Queenstown.
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu.
Schr Columbia, Sprasue, Seattle.
Schr Fanny Dutard, Hansen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Glen, Anderson, .
Schr Halcyon, Johnson, La Paz and Altata.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT .LOBOS, July 11, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 10 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
• LONDON. July 10— Stmr Meteor, from Bal
timore, for San Francisco, arrived at Rio de
Janeiro with rudder damaged.
SPOKEN.
June 26, lat 8 N, Ion 26 W — Br ship HougO
mone, hence March 31, for Queenstown. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
B ALL ARD— Arrived July 10— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Santa. Barbara.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 10— Schr De
fiance, from Honolulu, and not schr Viking, as
previously reported. ,
Sailed July 11— Schr John P Miller, for San
Pedro. '
Arrived July 11— Schr \Vm Wizerman, from
Honolulu.
EUREKA— Launched July 10— Schr Kohala.
BRISTOL BAT— Arrived June 18— Bark Will
scott, hence April 24.
In Dort June 18 — Barb "Will W Case, hence
April 17.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 11-Schr Corona,
for Ballard.
Arrived July 11 — Stmr Lakme, from Eureka;
schr Chas E Falk. from Grays Harbor.
BANUON— Arrived July 11— Schr Bender
Brc-f, hence July 4.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 11— Stmr Sco
tia, hence July -1<L^ -*
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 11— Stmr Iaqua.
for- San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 11— Schr
Robert Lewera, from Honolulu; schr C S
Holmes, from Santa Rosalia. ¦
Par-sed in July 11 — Schr C S Holmes, from
Santa RosallaN
Arrived July 11 — Schr John Q North, from
Mahukcna.
VENTURA— Arrived July 11— Barjre Santa
Paula, hence July 9.
Sailed July 11— Baree Santa Paula, for San
Francisco, in tow of tuff Rescue. '
TACOMA— Arrived July 11— Br stmr Chlngr
Wo, , from China; stmr Washtenaw, hence
July 6. ¦
Sailed JuJy 11— Shii> Occidental, for San
FranclBCO.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 11— Schr C,H
Merchant, from Lahaina.
UMPQU A— Arrived July »— Schr Wing and
Winr, hence June 26.
Sailed July 10 — Schr Sadie, for San Pedro.
CRESCENT CITY— To sail July ll->-Stmr
Crescent City, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 11— Schr Roy
Somers, for San Pedro. ,
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July 11— Schr
Louis, hence June 22.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 2— Ship Florence,
from Tacoma.
FORE1GN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 9— Br ship Caw
dor, herice Feb 13
CAPJjIFF— Arrived July 10— Br ship Tamar,
from Taconvu
COI.ON— Arrived July 9— Stmr City of "Wash
ington, from New York.
Sailed July &— Stmr Finance, for New York.
PANAMA— Arrived June 29-Chil stmr Pa
lena, hence June 7, and sailed j June SO for
Valparaiso.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 23— Br ship
Barnllan. from Hamburg.-
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 9— Br stmr Cym
bcllne. from Manila, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN-rSailed July 11— Br ship
Montgomeryshire, for Antwerp; Br ship Scot
tish Hills, for Swansea.
CALLAO— Sailed July 10— Ger Etmr Neko, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed July -11— Stmr Minnesota,
for Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 11— Stmr Ocean
la, from New, York; stmr Rhynland, from
Philadelphia: both from Liverpool. !
NEW YORK— Sailed July 11-Stmr La Nor
mandie, from Havre; Etmr Deutschland, for
Hamburg, Plymouth and Cherboanr; stmr
Koenlgen Lulse, from Bremen, via Cherbourg
and Southampton.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 9-Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or, via St Vin
cent. / /
LIVERPOOL— Arrived' July 11— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston.
GLASGOW— Sailed July 11— Stmr Veauvlan,
for Boston.
NAPLES— Arrived July^. 11— Stmr Werra,
from New York, for Geno'a.
Sailed July 11— Stmr California, for New
Yort.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 11— Stmr Frierst
Blfsmarclr. from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed July 11— Stmr Rotter
dam, for Boulogne and New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 11— Stmr Duke of
Fife, from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
BOSTON— Arrived July 11— Stmr Saxonla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown. ,
Arequipa Makes Port.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Araqulpa arrived from South and
Central American ports yesterday. Cap
tain I>ee reports that there is no epidemic
of smallpox or yellow fever at Punta
Arenas, but that one hundred miles inland
both diseases are prevalent. P. Mayorga,
one of the steamship's crew. Is suffering
f-om a contagious disease and he will be
confined to the ship while she is In port
The cabin passengers by the Arequlpa
were:
From V«JparaJ«o— "W. R. Berryman.
From Callao— 3. S. Aramayo and Silvio
Prom* Guayaquil— Haider Bmitb and J, M.
From' Pimma— Vrr. T. C. . Xtoyvter *&4 two
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Newport arrived from Panama an4_ way
ports yesterday. At botb Ctumrpertco and
Ocos she was canght in a hurricane and
had to put to sea on each occasion. At
Ohamperico she lost her anchor and thirty
fathoms of chain. A number of barges
and l'e'bters were driven aisiiore and other
damage done at both places, trat no lives
were lost-
The Newport brought up tWrty-flve
cabin passengers and fifteen Chinese In
transit for Hongkong. The follo-vringr
named were the cabin passengers:
J E. Taylor, Jose S3«rera, wire an<l izmWy,
Mre. Dolores Contrerae. Mrs. Sofia. Averdano,
V Gerlach and ' wife, Serapis Orozco, Mrs.
JCate W Klnsey and datirhter, Ern««U> Kod
rlguez. Mre. F5dela Caxtello and family. MIub
L«la Chinchia, Francisco Keyee, J. Victor
Ibarra. Emelio Trarnpe. A. GeUemann and
wife Miss C. GeiFemann. Pedro Unumla,
Hrc ' Xaiz Elliott and daa«ht*r. V. Llndemann,
Patrick J Donahue and wife. O. R. Nelson,
Henrjfc B. Hovland. Alberto Martinez and wife.
Mrs. Castello brings her children here
to be educated. The girls will b« sent to
the ccnvent school at San Rafael. Jose
Eagrera is the former Alcalde of San Sal
vador and is bound for the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition. Messrs. Geisemann, Ger
lach and Trampe are wealthy coffee plant
ers of Guatemala and Mr. Urunula is a
wealthy Mexican from Acapulco.
Had to Put to Sea.
CatLglit in a Hurricane at Ocas and
AEEIVAIi OF THE ITEWPOET-
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura sailed for Sydney, N. S.
W\, via Honolulu, Pago Pago and
Auckland, on time yesterday
morning. In order to get. the mall
boat away according to schedule the clev
erest piece of work ever attempted on the
coast, considering the conditions, had to
be accomplished.
The Ventura arrived here from Austra
lia on June 11 last with her low-pressure
cylinder disabled. A new cylinder was
ordered from the Cramps in Philadelphia,
and Mr. Spreckels determined to put the
ship is perfect order before sending her
to sea again. It was found, however, that
to wait for a new cylinder to come from
the East would mean detaining the mail
beat in pert a couple of months. At this
juncture the Risdon Iron Works took hold
of the job and by working all its heads of
departments night and day the -repairs
were made. A new low-pressure line\ was
cast, turned and bored in place with elec
tric motor power. All the light pistons
were taken out and heavier ones put in.
While the liner was being bored the men
were working nigrht and day niaking the
connections and joints, and finally at 8
o'clock yesterday morning the engines
were turned over and found to work per
fectly. At 10 a. m. the steamship sailed
for Australia. The Ventura is now in per
fect condition and in the future will give
a good account of herself.
r ihe mx.rine corps of the Risdon are all
licensed chief engineers as well as compe
tent mechanics. On the Ventura job they
were assisted by Engineers Horgan and
Flynn of the steamship Alameda and a
few apprentice boys only.
W. N. Conger, son of the United States
Minister to China, boarded the Ventura a
few minutes before sailing time. He will
stop over at Honolulu for a short time
and then continue his journey to Peking.
The following is a complete list of the
Ventura's cabin passengers:
For Honolulu— Rev. George C. Adams, Mrs.
Adams. Mrs. S. J. Andrews, F. C. Baldwin,
H C. Harrow. James 6. de Bennevllle. Mrs.
E. F. Berrer, Mies L Boj-er, Fred Bush. Mrs.
Bush and four children, H. N. Canwet, Oeorge
Ca-rrasan, Mrs. Carragan, Mrs. J. YV. Center.
Mies Eleanor Center, George P. Cooke., R. A.
Cooke, F. B. Cooper. Sirs. Cooper. J. T. Crow
ley M. A. UigSK H. C. Dillineham. O. East
wood. Mrs. Lida Gray, Mrs. S. M. Hainee. C
A. HartwelL W. Haywocd. Mrs. li. Hollen
l*ck. G. A. Howard, Dr. C H. Humphreys.
C. R. Hyde. Mrs. Hyde and son. Mrs. W.
Irving and two child: en. YV. M. James Jr., Ol
P. Jenkine. Mrs. J- Lucas and eon. Miss Lucae.
A.. J, L-yon Mrs. Lyon. Lt Meyer. E. Milder
berper, "j. P. Miller. Dr.. L Mori. Mrs. H.
Morrison, Miss P. Notle, M. O'Brien, George
H. Paris. Mrs. Paris and child. Miss L. G
Pond Miss l>oima Preble. F. D- Richards. F.
S Richards. Miss Alice Kycroft. J. S. Schweit
zer. Mrs. W. E. Smith and three children, E.
It Spaiigler Mrs. J. J. Speaker, Miss G.
Specker Mis* C. Stewart. Mrs, M. C Etinson
and maid. Miss Maud Stinson. Master Jack
Ftinson Miss E. Stinson, A- S. Tuttle. G. M.
Whitney. MiES "Wilson, F. YVItlram, J- H.
Wood. '
Kor Pago Pago— C. Rogge. F. Traub.
For Auckland— John Chambers. X- King.
Mrs. Kins. Mies King. A. F- Scott, L. B.
W 11 son. A.. H, WiUiaiT!.
For Sydney— Mre. M. Adam, A. A. Blaclc
rrian EL Buchanan, Mre. Buchanan, Seth G.
Drake. Mre. brake. Judge C W. Dnsttn. &.
C, Hales. Colonel Hodge, Mrs. Hodge, Charles
A L. Loney A. S. Xewmareh, T. A- Rej-noldK,
Mrs. Reynolds. Miss A- Reynolds. J. G. Sheri
dan, :.lra. Khpridan. C H, Skinkel. S. C. Wil
son, Mtt- Wilson.
To join at Honolulu for Sytaey— J- D- Ashby,
Mrs. Ashby and infar.t_ M. Byers, J. W. Earle,
MJss V. Gwynne. A. Kelly. Henry Lee. Mre.
Lee. Miss A. MahrF. Miss F. Mahrs. E. Mar
ker A. Nelstcne. A. Shaw, C Sullivan, Mrs.
Sullivan. C R. Sweet, Mrs. Swe-t, F. Tobin,
Mrs. Tobin. C Williams, Miss E. Williams,
j. G. Woolley. Mrs. Woolley.
XCearly all those who will join the mail
boat at Honolulu are members of Lee's
World's Entertainers, a company that was
seen here at the Orpheum a short time
ago. J. G. Woolley, who also joins at
Honolulu, was the prohibition candidate
for President at the last election.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY'S ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIP AREQUIPA THAT ARRIVED HERE
"YESTERDAY FROM SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICAN PORTS WITH QUITE A NUMBER OF PASSEN
GERS AND A LARGE CARGO OF GENERAL MERCHANDISE PRINCIPALLY FROM CENTRAL AMERICA.
Schedule Time a Clever Piece of Work.
•
Repairing of the flachinery and Her Dispatch on
OCEANIC COMPANY'S VENTURA
SAILS FOR SOUTH SEA PORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO/CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 12, 19O1.
HERE are fortunes In store for
I . the growers 'of California lemons
I if the hot weather In the Eastern
• JJL States continues. Under the
: stimulus of the climbing ther
mometers in the great Middle West there
has-been, supposedly, a greater demand
for cooling drinks, seasoned with lemon
juice, than at any time in the memory of
the oldest inhabitant. The sultry season
has swept with terrific force down, upon
the blue grass region, and the smoldering
heat of the soil of the towns and cities all
along the banks of the Missouri River and
farther east has inspired men to a grand
thirst, and to unparalleled attempts to get
rid of it. Hence the supply of California
lemons at places as remote from one an
other as Omaha, "Wichita, Louisville and
Denver has run low, and the price has
gone correspondingly high. Anthentto ¦&•
vices are that there had been an advance
per box In the price of lemony In thesa
places of SI 25 In the last 'fortnlg-ht, ot
since the terrific spell of hot weather be
gan. Purchasers have gladly paid $4 per
box for what they could have obtained
for $2 75 less than a month ago.
As yet, so it Is reported by Porter
Brothers, who handle many lemons if}
trade, there has been no marked advance
in prices in San Francisco.
Creates an Increased Demand Throughout the East fop
the Fruit Raised in This State.
CALIFORNIA LEMON GROWERS
PROFIT THROUGH HOT WEATHER
7
FRIDAY. JULY 12.
Bun rises
Bun sets ......
Moon rises .....
0:'oo"i
.4:56
.7:34
:. m.
Time
Date Ft.
L W
12 ... 2:26-0.4
13 ... 2:20—0.8
14 .. 4:10 —1.0
15... 4:56—1.1
16... 5:40—1.0
17 .. 6:20-0.7
'IHW I
18 ...) 0:27 6.8]
Tlmo
H W
Time
Ft. Ft.
L V?
, 4.2 1:45 2.8
4.5 2:44 2.8
4.7 -3:40 2.8
5.0 4:31 2.8
5.1 5:24 2.6
5.3 6:1S 2.5
H W
—0.3 2:03 6.3
Time
H W
Ft.
9:29
:0:26
11:16
12:00
12:42
1:20
L W|
7:00
8:09
9:03
9:S5
10:48
11:35
.6.4
,6.5
6.4
6.4
6.1
7:15
.....
I 2.3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul...
Conemaugh
Czarina
Point Arena...
Eureka
Acme...;
Noyo
Crescent City..
North Fork
Mandalay
Pomona...
G. W. Elder...
Bonlta
Corona
Washtenatr....
Santa Barbara
San Pedro
Arcata...; ¦
State of Cal....
Peru
Umatllla........
Fulton
W. H. Kruger.
Rainier.........
Coos Bay
Rival
Santa Rosa....
Nome & St. Michael...
Nome & St. Michael...
Seattle and Tacoma....
Point Arena
Humboldt
Siuslaw River
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Diego
Tacoma ;
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Seattle
China and Japan
Puget Sound Ports ....
Grays Harbor
Tillamook Bay |
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Newport & Way Ports. |
Willapa Harbor
San Diego & Way, Ports
July 12
July 12
July 12
July 12
July 12
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 15
July 15
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 17
July 18
July 18
July 18
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Despatch.....
Ventura
O. Dollar
Columbia
Algoa
Eureka
Czarina
Coos Bay
Newburg
Kmpire
Acme •"•
Alliance^
Santa Rosa..-
St. Paul.....:
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
- July 12. |
Seattle &. Falrhavn
Sydney & Way Pts
Grays Harbor ....
Portland & Astoria.
Manila v. ,Pgt. Sd.
July 13.
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma.
Newport & Way Pt
Grays Harbor ....
Coos Bay
Sluslaw River ....
July 14. .
Portld & Coos Bay
S. Diego & W. Pts
July in.
Nome & St Michael
N. T. via Panama
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena
Joly 10.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Ccqullle River......
San Pedro & Way.
Nome and Teller...
July IT. |
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
San Diego ...
Humboldt
5 pin
10 am
6 pra
11 am
1 pro
9 am
5 pm
9 am
5 pin
12 m
3 pm
S am
9 am
¦ [
2 pm
2 pm
11 am
2 pm
Pier 16
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier 11
i ¦
Pier 34
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pomona.
HoTtKFpak...
Mandalay
Bonlta
'Arctic........
1:30 p
9 am
4 pm
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier — '
......
San Pedro
Arequlpa
Nippon Mara
Connemaugh.
G.W. Elder..
Arcata
Corona........
Noyo
¦
10 am
12 m
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
Pier —
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
11 am
12 m
9 am
5 pm
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottage City.'. - Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Dlrlgo.. :...-... Bkaguay & Way 'Ports
Alkl.;. • Skaguay & Way Ports.
Dolphin: Skaguay & Way Ports.
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka Skaguay i & Way- Ports.
Chaa. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City..;.
Queen. •...../..•• Skaguay &Wav Ports.
Excelsior.. ..... Cooks Inlet & • Way Pts
Nome City . . . . . Nome ¦ & Teller • City. . . .
July 12
July 13
July 14
July 14
July 16
July 17
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 24
July 25
July 35
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul...
Conemaugh
Czarina
Point Arena...
Eureka
Acme...;
Noyo
Crescent City..
North Fork
Mandalay
Pomona...
G. W. Elder...
Bonlta
Corona
Washtenatr....
Santa Barbara
San Pedro
Arcata...; ¦
State of Cal....
Peru
Umatllla........
Fulton
W. H. Kruger.
Rainier.........
Coos Bay
Rival
Santa Rosa....
Nome & St. Michael...
Nome & St. Michael...
Seattle and Tacoma....
Point Arena
Humboldt
Siuslaw River
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Diego
Tacoma ;
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Seattle
China and Japan
Puget Sound Ports ....
Grays Harbor
Tillamook Bay |
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Newport & Way Ports. |
Willapa Harbor
San Diego & Way, Ports
July 12
July 12
July 12
July 12
July 12
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 15
July 15
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 17
July 18
July 18
July 18
FRIDAY. JULY 12.
Bun rises
Bun sets ......
Moon rises .....
0:'oo"i
.4:56
.7:34
:. m.
Time
Date Ft.
L W
12 ... 2:26-0.4
13 ... 2:20—0.8
14 .. 4:10 —1.0
15... 4:56—1.1
16... 5:40—1.0
17 .. 6:20-0.7
'IHW I
18 ...) 0:27 6.8]
Tlmo
H W
Time
Ft. Ft.
L V?
, 4.2 1:45 2.8
4.5 2:44 2.8
4.7 -3:40 2.8
5.0 4:31 2.8
5.1 5:24 2.6
5.3 6:1S 2.5
H W
—0.3 2:03 6.3
Time
H W
Ft.
9:29
:0:26
11:16
12:00
12:42
1:20
L W|
7:00
8:09
9:03
9:S5
10:48
11:35
.6.4
,6.5
6.4
6.4
6.1
7:15
.....
I 2.3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Despatch.....
Ventura
O. Dollar
Columbia
Algoa
Eureka
Czarina
Coos Bay
Newburg
Kmpire
Acme •"•
Alliance^
Santa Rosa..-
St. Paul.....:
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
- July 12. |
Seattle &. Falrhavn
Sydney & Way Pts
Grays Harbor ....
Portland & Astoria.
Manila v. ,Pgt. Sd.
July 13.
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma.
Newport & Way Pt
Grays Harbor ....
Coos Bay
Sluslaw River ....
July 14. .
Portld & Coos Bay
S. Diego & W. Pts
July in.
Nome & St Michael
N. T. via Panama
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena
Joly 10.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Ccqullle River......
San Pedro & Way.
Nome and Teller...
July IT. |
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
San Diego ...
Humboldt
5 pin
10 am
6 pra
11 am
1 pro
9 am
5 pm
9 am
5 pin
12 m
3 pm
S am
9 am
¦ [
2 pm
2 pm
11 am
2 pm
Pier 16
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier 11
i ¦
Pier 34
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pomona.
HoTtKFpak...
Mandalay
Bonlta
'Arctic........
1:30 p
9 am
4 pm
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier — '
......
San Pedro
Arequlpa
Nippon Mara
Connemaugh.
G.W. Elder..
Arcata
Corona........
Noyo
¦
10 am
12 m
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
Pier —
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
11 am
12 m
9 am
5 pm
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottage City.'. - Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Dlrlgo.. :...-... Bkaguay & Way 'Ports
Alkl.;. • Skaguay & Way Ports.
Dolphin: Skaguay & Way Ports.
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka Skaguay i & Way- Ports.
Chaa. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City..;.
Queen. •...../..•• Skaguay &Wav Ports.
Excelsior.. ..... Cooks Inlet & • Way Pts
Nome City . . . . . Nome ¦ & Teller • City. . . .
July 12
July 13
July 14
July 14
July 16
July 17
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 24
July 25
July 35
I and all who are v _^V^M^i
I iaH^ and put up with / i \
I aBS soi*ts of food? / I
I cooked in aBS sorts I J pHf'li
I of ways? can keep / J rSS IK
I perfect digestion by I #j pHl ll
i the regular use of j m*% p^H^li
I J& LAW UWT©" USSIlSELFc Rill ' ISi
1 Every fiHan ftiust Be That to Retain His f*%Ml ll
I Health and Digestion. - j?SMW • II
M There are thousands of people In this world who eat no meat I g5iSB«3 3^' fc'i
Kb from one year's end to another, and certain savage tribes Id Af- . H
|P rlca and Polynasla are almost exclusively. meat eaters; tut tec^se it directly Interested me; and at the next townlln. v IS
|H while there are thousands of these, there are millions who liva . qalred at the flrst dmz 8tor © and bought a packags for flftx 19
IO upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables and grains and If ntun- " centfi aXii txom o^ day to this I have never been without ga
EH bers is a criterion It would seem that a mixed diet is the best them. They are pleasant tasting tablets, not a secret patent |a
Hi for the human family. medicine bnt composed of vegetable essences, pnre pepsin, jfy
HJI The fact that you will find many vegetarians who appear fruit salts and Golden Seal; being In tablet form they never loa« p;*2
Sfifj healthy and vigorous and many meat eaters equally so, and any their good qualities like a liquid medicine would, but are always £-3
§H number of robust specimens who eat both meat and vegetables fresh and ready for use. * v ; * • : fc 'I
ia and anything else that comes their way all goes to show that ,,j carry a to mJ pocket continually, and whenever I I;-!
E^j the old saw is the true one, that every man must be a law to Bymptoms of indigestion I take one, also one after each p]
Ifm himself as to what he shall eat and d rink. meal, and for s year and a naif I have not lost a day by reason 1||
l|| To repair the waste of tissue in brain workers as well as to of QQT nea i tn can eat anything and relish what I eat; my gsl
H replace the muscle and sinew of the laborer, can only be done digestion Is absolutely perfect as far as I can Judge from my Bi
|J| through the process of digestion. feelings and although thers may be other stomach medicines &*j
in Every nerve, muscle, sinew, every drop of blood is extracted j ust as g^y^ „ stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, I do not know what S'J
|9 from "the food we eat and digest. ;¦; they are. Certainly for people who travel they are far ahead ot g£|
|1 In these days of hustle and worry, and artificial habits t>t m j Uqul( j me di cmet as they are so convenient, they can bo §|J
H '¦£ Me « sc arcel y one person In a thousand can lay claim to a per carried In the pocket and nsed whenever needed." § ;|
. :!a feet digestion; dyspepsia Is a national affliction and Stuart's Thb Bev. F. I. Beu. a highly esteemed mml3ter restdms ta Jk4
%M Dyspepsia Tablets a national blessing. Weedsport, Cavnga Co., N. Y., In a recent letter writes as fc^ fc4
fa! Most cases of poor digestion aro caused by failure of the low8 . «xiiere has never been anything that I have taken that ||
K§ stomach to secrete sufficient gastric Juice, or too little Hydro- relieved the dyspepsia from which I have suffered for tea |;|
&m chloric acid and lack of peptones and all of these Important es- . years except the new remedy caned Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets* gft
Ra sentlals to perfect digestion are found In Stuart's Dyspepsia since taking them I havo had do distress at an after eating pf;-|
El . Tablets in convenient palatable form. . and agata after long years cak blzet wklu Kav. F.L Bell, |^"J
' raj " One or two of these tablets taken after meals Insure perfect "Weedsport, N. Y., formerly Idalla, Colo." |i|
tym digestion and assimilation of the food. Mr. Judson A~ Stanlon. the great Church and Sunday fca
p£ Cathartic pills and laxative medicines have no effect what- School worker and president Christian Endeavor Union, E\|
Eg ever in digesting food and to. call such remedies a cure for St. Louis, Mo., says: "I have had to be extremely careful what pjj
Pa dyspepsia Is far fetched and absurd. I ate. Many things were Indigestible, and after a hearty dinner K3
fiftl - Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pepsin free from animal I could scarcely keep awake. I never have been tick In bed, |J;|
pa matter, diastase and other digestives, and not only, digest, all but have had a great deal of Inconvenience from Indigestion, |v|
El wholesome food but tend to Increase the flow of gastric juices since I learned of the merits of Stuart's Tablets I keep them ta j£|
l#« and by giving tho weak stomach a much needed rest bring about my desk or carry them In my pociet.and find that I can eat g»|
PS a healthy condition of the digestive organs and a normal ap- anything at all without dlicomfort. They were recommended p|
gig petite. -'-¦¦' to me by a friend who Is enthusiastic In thetr praise. I cannot pi
rm Mr. B. W. W incherdon, a commercial traveler from Blrm- aCord to be drowsy after lunch, and find these tablets Just the &7|
Hi ingham, whose business keeps him almost constantly on the thlDg to assist digestion and keep all my faculties wide awals." IVl
Hi road, relates in the Sunday News the dangers to" health result- Mr. N. J. Booher, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh Is a local K |
Ka ta g fr om constant change of residence and the way he over- . condition resulting from a neglected cold In the bead, whereby y; 1
km came the usual Injurious effects. » the lining membrane of the nose becomes Inflamed and the |J|
vM He says: "One thing people traveling cannot very well avoid poisonous discharge therefrom passing backward Into tho jM
ifa is'the constant change in water and food; the stomach never throat reaches tho stomach, thus producing catarrh of the atom- {fj
fjjjfl has an opportunity to become accustomed to anything and in a ach. Medical authorities prescribed for m» for three yeart for fcf.l
Kg few years or much sooner the average traveling man becomes catarrh of stomach without cure, but to-day I am the happiest g;|
Ra a hopeles8 dyspeptic. ~ . ¦ ', of men after using only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. g^J
111 "For several years I suffered more or less from indigestion, I cannot find appropriate words to express my good feeling. | '3
mm sour stomach, headaches, distaste for food, often no appetite, I have found flesh, appetite and sound rest from their use." *, J
i&ll gas on the stomach and the usual unpleasant effects of lmper- Nervous, thin-blooded, run-down people should bear m &J
f|j feet digestion. '; ¦ / mind that drugs and stimulants cannot furnish, good blood, k.|
c9 • "Nearly every traveling man has his favorite remedy for dlf- strong muscles and steady nerves; these come only from whole- 5^ j
S«l ferent troubles and I tried all of them with indifferent results. some food, thoroughly digested; a fifty cent box of Stuart's p;1
Pi Finally on the train between Fittsburg and Philadelphia one Tablets taken after meals for a few weeks will do you more £-J
HI day, I overheard a conversation between two ladles, one of real good than drug3, stlmulanta'and dieting combined." C.;J
fa whom had suffered severely from indigestion and stated she Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is probably the safest, most pop- fra
' k had been completely cured by a remedy which she called nlar and successful digestive on the market and sold by drngglats S.
'' K9 - stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; I remembered the conversation everywhere in the United States, Canada and Great Britain. r5Hollleter— Barley yielding well; quality good.
Ventura — Fruit people short of help; apricots
ripening fast.
San Jr>5e— North winds; early peaches ripen
ing; conditions other fruits the same.
Palermo — Winds south; white Adriatic . figs
looking well; medium crop.
Hanford— South winds; fruit and grain look
ing favorable.
Santa Maria — Fruit and grain conditions un
changed; beans email but thrifty; only average
yield probable.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Failures for June.
NEW, YORK, July 11.— Classified; failure re
turns, as reported to R. G: Dun & Co. : for. the
month I of June, ' show failures" somewhat heav
ier "than in the three' preceding months and the
same . month In j the two preceding ¦ years, | but
prior to 1S99, last month's- liabilities /would
have been considered extremely light." In man-'
ufacturing the total was $1,518,817 larger than
last year, but a few unusual disasters account
for the difference. Depression in . the cotton
manufacture, due to overproduction of goods,
from high-priced raw -material, - had .almost
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. N
. Wheat— ¦ Sept. : Dec.
Opening 6 4% ~' 5 5%
Closing ••••¦ 5 4% . 5 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— ' ' July., Sept. -Dec.
Opening.... ..20 35 2115
Closing ..20 30 2110
. Flour—.
Opening 25 85 26 S5
Closing '. 25 85 26 85
Flour, dull and easy; No. 2 red wheat, 65@
65%c; No/2 corn, 49V4@48%c; No. 2 yellow, 49%c;
No. 2 oats, 32%c; No. 3 white. 32%@35c: No. 1
flax seed. $1 88; prime timothy seed, $4 70;
mess pork, per barrel. $14 30@14 40; lard, per
100 lbfl, $8 60@8 62%; short ribs sides (loose).
$7 90@8 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7U@
7%c: short cjear sides (boxed), $8 40@8 50;
whi3ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $9 50. . ' .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 24,000
Wheat, bushels 75.00J 101,000
Corn, bushels ...../¦. 198.000 ' 147,000
Oats, bushels". , 49,000 .251,000
Barley, bushels 4,000 .!
On the Produce Exchange to-day the! Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 14@18%c; Dai
ries, 14®16c. Cheese, steady, 9@13c. Eggs,
steady, 12c. . I
Cash quotations were as follows
KEWTORK, Jnly U.— Wall street had an
other paroxysm of nervousness to-day and
mad« some deep cuts in the prices of stocks
before equanimity had been restored. There.
¦were various causes assigned for the spasm of
liquidation, including some that were palpably
eurmiaed or the result of the Interested efforts
of bear traders to increase the fright of se
curity holders. Broadly considered, the selling
came from large speculators, who had accu
mulated stocks or had held on to them from
a. long- anterior date, in the hope of realizing
on the mid-July demand, which sometimes fol
lows tbe July <lisburBcments and the reflux of
funds from the interior to New York before
they are needed for moving the crops. That
some unexpected developments have helped to
discourage this new buying and even to Induce
Felling Is evident, but the underlying cause of
the selling is the Indisposition of the New York
banks to foster a speculative movement at this
time. In view of the exigencies of the money
market, which promise to come into force ear
lier than usual this fall. The damage undoubt
edly done to the corn crop and the threat of
more to come was a potent influence. The ac
tion of the corn market itself Induced a feel-
Ing In Wall etreet that the crop situation had
been overdiscounted in the week's stock mar
iet. Tbe feeling gained ground that technical
causes would have to be looked to for an ex
planation of the force of the selling move
ment.- This left tbe way open for many ven
turesome purmises as to the concealed causes
of the notable liquidation going on. One of
theoe was that discord had broken out afresh
over the control of the Northern Pacific Facts
cited to corroborate this were several. The
Northern Pacific directors. It was pointed out,
had met and adjourned yesterday without an
nouncing the p*r*onality of the new compro
mleo board. Sensational reports were current
of a Btormy meeting between the two principals
In the Northern Pacific contest. Attention was
called to the divergent policy of the banks rep
resenting the two contending Interests, the onn
Elde calling loans freely on Monday, while
call loan ratf3 were rising, and the other side
coming to the relief of the market by lend
fng millions and lowering the rate. The sen
sational drop In Rock Island caused a conjec
ture that the possession of recently acquired
holdings in that property had to do with the
drastic liquidation In other parts of the lift.
The liquidation Fpent lt« greatest force during
the first hour, when half a million shares were
t^marketed* A tendency toward recovery then
developed -which carrl<»<l prices daring the last
hour to an average level near to or above that
of last night. The recovery, however, was not
held and. the closing was unsettled an.1 irrjre
ular, with renewed declines In some of the
yrlaclpal active stocks. Rock Island reached a
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
•Tuly 64V4 64% 64% 64%
September :. 65 6T>*i 64H 65%
December 66% 67% 66»£ 67%
Corn No. 2— • . .
July 48% 49% 48% 49%
September 50% 51% • 50% Cl%
December 50 51 49% 51
Oats No. 2 —
July 30% 31U 30«4 31
September 3U4 32?fe 31 . 31
May 34% 35% 34% 34%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July ....14 25 14 25 14 25 14 25
September 14 62% 14 65 14 37%" 14 45
Lard, per 100 pounds — -
July ' 8 65 ' 8 65 8 60 8 60
September 8 72% 8 75 8 67% 8 67%
October 8 72% 8 72% 8 65 8 67".
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July ' 7 90
September 8 07% 8 12% 8 02% 8 021.4
October . . .' 8 05 • 8 05 7 97% 7 97%
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks" are as-fol
lows;, usual; discount * to ;• the trade: < Graham
. FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 25@
3 50, , usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon." ¦ $2 50@2 75 1 per barrel ' for '. family . and
$2 75@3 for ; bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
<P. •¦:=¦ ¦¦•'.•.¦..•,,-,.„.-: .. .. ; ¦ ¦•%.¦¦;¦..;¦"
Flour and Millstuffs.
- This market rules firm at the advance noted
yesterday. I Small round Yellow, ¦ $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $1 37% ; White, $1 42% ; Mixed, $1 35 per
ctl.--" -¦'. .- . ¦ ¦¦ ¦
; RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl. ¦ '
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 60 per ctl, ex
warohouse. • . -¦
CORN — The weather continues to operate
against the crop. Nebraska reported yesterday
that relief must come at once or the crop would
be gone. The Government report indicates a
crop of something less than 2,000,000,000 bushles,
which is . a reduction from the. estimate of . a
month ago. The Cincinnati Price Current, says
that the crop will be about 10 per cent less than
last year.. The Corn belt. Is still without rain
and extremely hot. ;¦."'- ¦ -.
This market shows no further change. White,
$135@145; Surprise, $1500165; Red, 97%c@
$112%: Black. $110@120 per ctl. _ '
! OATS— The Government report indicates a
crop of about 684,000,000 bushels. The weather
continues against the crop, being dry and ex
tremely hot throughout the West, with temper
atures running as high as 105 degrees in some
places. A cable to Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.
says that the Russian crop Is also damaged.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second. Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES,
BARLEY— The best grades of feed and brew
ing rule firm, but prices do not get a chance
to go up, owing to the large crop. Feed, 72%c
for choice bright, 70@71Vic for No. 1 and 67%@
68%c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 75@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
Second Session — December — 1000 ctls, 93V4c
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls, 99%c. " ¦ ..¦¦-.¦ .
"WHEAT — The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago opened firm, though there was
some realizing on the break in coarse grains,
but as an offset to this there were country
orders to buy everything. Topeka wired con
tinued hot. n.n<1. dry weather in K»hkui. with
farmers less disposed to sell and wheat being
bought for feed. France's minimum' Import
requirements were\ estimated at 60,000,000 bush
els. ' The American Government report indi
cated a crop of about 660,000,000 bushels. There
was no rain except a little at Dubuque. Iowa.
New York was a fair buyer. Minneapolis ex
pected a decrease in stocks for the week of
850,000 bushels.
This market was dull, ¦ with a recovery In fu
tures".
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling, 97%@$l
per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ...... — ., $4 86
Sterling exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ' — .. 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. . — 15 ¦
Silver, per ounce. — 58%
Mexican dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Wheat exhibited' more
activity than of late and the opening was
steady and slightly higher, mostly in sympathy
with strength in corn and oats, although cables
were somewhat of a factor. The feature to the
trading was the covering by shorts. There was
also a good foreign demand. September opened
\ic lower to >,ic higher at 64%@65c. Firmness
prevailed during the first half of the session
and there was an advance to 65%c, but toward
the close the market weakened and the close
was at C5%c, a gain of %c.
Corn opened active and higher with a big
early demand for country account, coupled with
general local buying on continued reports of
damage by heat. The Government crop report
was 'considered a bull factor, although it did
not contain statistics for the past ten days,
during which time it is conceded the most
damage has been done to the growing grain.
Later in the day heavy liquidation caused a
slightly weaker feeling and traders became
wary, not knowing whether to take on more
holdings or let go of what they had. September
closed with a gain of 1%@1%c at 51%@61%c. ,
Oats were again only second to corn In
strength and volume of trading. The country
was again active on the buying side and there
was some replacing of lines by local longs. Sep
tember closed at 31%c, with a gain of %c.
. Provisions opened with a rush, but as It
proved, at the highest point of the day. The
feature to the trade was the scarcity of offer
ings. There was a fair outside demand, but
local packers easily led In the buying on the
soft spots. Strength in corn was a bull factor.
September pork- closed 5c higher, lard ' un
changed and ribs 2^2@5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. Business -was quieter again on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with a decline in
i Spring Valley Water to J8S& and in Hutchlnson
Sugar to $17%. There was no change in the
oil stocks.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers was higher
at $133. Spring Valley Water still lower at
$86 and Honokaa lower at $19@18^.
Tbe Central Point Oil Company is now pay
ing a dividend of 2c per share.
The Presidio Railway Company has declared
a dividend of 15c per share, payable Immedi
ately.
The First National Bank is now paying a
semi-annual dividend of $5 per share.
The Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
Electric Company paid a dividend of 20c yes
terday.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
dividend of 75c per share to-day.
Utah Mining Company has levied an assess
ment of 5c.
STOCK AN1> BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 11—2 p. m.
N».
' "UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup,.112%113^i|4s qr c (new).13S%133£
4s quar regr....H2%ll$i>3s quar coup..l08%109h
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.l05%106i.2 Oceanic SS 5s. 101 —
Cal-st 5s 115 — Omnibus R 6s. 127 —
C C Water 5s..lO7% — Pac G Imp 4s.. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.. 128^133% Pk & C H 6s.. 106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117& — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. .120 —
H C & S 5>£s.lO6«i — Sac E G R is. — —
Do SS — 102% S F & SJV 53.120 121?i
Los Ang R as. 113 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 111% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — *v$v» 113 • —
L A & Pac 5s.lOO?1102% S I» of C 6s
Do lem 53.102%, — <1906). Ser A.10S 108%
Markt-st C 6s. 125 — (1905), Ser B.108% —
-Dolcm 53.123 — (19C6) 109% —
Nev C N G 73.105 114 (1912) 119' 122
Nor R Cal 6s .111 — 9 1- of Cal 1st
Do '5s HSVs — cp erntd g 5s. 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO% — S P Br Cal 6s .135% —
Do 5s 105% — S V Water 6s.ll3%114 1 4
Nor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s 103 103%
Oak Gas 5s. .'..112% — Do 4s 3d m..l01 —
Do Trans 6s. — 117}* Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5S.102U103 1
¦ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. SO 81 iSpring Valley.85^ "86%
Marin County.- 50 — ! "
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3».i — Pacific Light.. 47% 4S«i
Equitable 4^4 4% Sacramento .. — —
Mutual — 6 S F G & E 43% 41U
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4V£ 4sa
Pac Gas Imp. — . — Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 243 250 I
. BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77%— L P & A 150 160
California ....40S%410 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
CaL Safe Dep.lOS — S F National. 127U —
First Nationl..3G5 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1925 Sav & Loan.. —
Humboldt — — Security 275 _
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1S0O —
San Franclsco.515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H... 40 _
Geary — 40 Presidio 27U —
Market 72% 74 ¦ ty *
POWDER.
Giant — 77 JVlgorlt 3 «*
SUGAR. . " " .
Hana 6% — Kilauea 1714 lsii.
Hawaiian — 62*4, Makaweli ....! 3iu _*
Honokaa 1?U lSlfe Onomea .. »» 221'
Hutchinson ... 17V4 17?i Paauhau «3u 24»£
MISCELLANEOUS. .
Alaska Pack.. 133 — I Oceanic S Co.. — 6»i'
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux FA 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99VJ101 ' Pac C Borax. 163 _
Merchnts' Ex.. 110 — J Par Paint 16 —
. ' Morning Session.
Board — - - • . .
.275 Honokaa Sugar Co 19 an
425 Honokaa Sugar Co 19 t»u
50 Hutchinson S P Co "" 17
$1,000 N P C R R 5s... "ijg m
10 Spring Valley Water .86 75
5 Spring Valley Water, cash Kg rk
35 Spring Valley Water " 86 SO
0 Spring Valley Water S6 3-,,
20 Spring Valley Water , |g ; 3 '*
$24,000 S P Branch Railway 6s 12S no
13 Spring Valley Water .„ "86 75
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 103 23
$5,C0O Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage).. 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦
. ' 60 Alaska Packers' Association.. in M
200 Honokaa Sugar Co " it nn
120 Honokaa Sugar Co.... "" i« s-i/
170 Honokaa Sugar Co it 21^
75 Honokaa Sugar Co *"¦" ,0 ii
• 170 Hutchinson S P Co „ 2JJ
' 150 Market, Street Railway Si Sx
10O Paauhau S P Co. s 90 ¦'¦"* I", 22
25 Paauhau S P Co " nXl
150 Pacific Gas Improvement '"" ll -X
50 S F Gas & Electric Co.... U nn
15 S F Gas & Electric Co... « S?
20 Spring Valley Water '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 86 00
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session, v
600 Junction ..".'.'.'." ?n
500 Oil City Petroleum «
1700 Petroleum Center "* .
400 Sterling ""'•lia
Street— - _ -"*
1000 Lion, b 60............: 13
Afternoon Session.
300 CaS". .:....:......... ?0
50 Home ••¦•••¦••*•*•¦•• »*v« ¦"•*•••*••••••••• ¦ 2 IS
Specie From Mexico.
Imports ef rpede from Mexico during the
first half of the year were J1.439.2S4. against
$3.MS,069 for the eazne time last year, the de
scriptions being as follows: Silver dollars,
$E2a,7G4; silver bullion. tS10,049; gold bullion.
J11S.4SL
Foreign Exports.
Foreign export* from, this port daring the
first half of the year were $18,039,000, against
J2L£16.E00 for the Fame time last year, the lead
ing items being as follows: To Atlantic ports,
$L4S3,5S7; Great Britain. $5,275,475: China,
1L994.549; Japan. $1,740,100: Australia. 11,162,-
S15; New Zealand. $»65,1C1: Central America,
tt.WZ.US; South America, $837.1S5; Mexico, $566,
~l%; Briush Columbia, $»6,47Q.
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRA2CC3SCO, July 11—5 p. ffi.
The following: m«T-nmni temperatures were
rejicrted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, X,i; Mount Tamalpals, 9S; San Luis
Obisrpo, S4; Fresno. 1C2; Los Angeles, 84; Red
Blufc, US; Sacramento. 94; Independence, 94;
San Diejro, 70.
Pan Francisco data — Maximum tempera tore,
Cl; minimum, 50; mean. £6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has rirea slowly over Washing
ton and Oregon and has fallen over California.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary ever tl"€- southwest portion of the country.
Ovtr On son and Eastwn Washington Uiere has
lx?en a lal'. of fron: 6 to 12 degrees. In the
preat valleys cf California the weather con
tinues trann.
Light FfaowcrJ are reported at El Paso, Flag
ttaiT ai:u Yun-.a.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours undine midnisht July 12:
N'ortlu-rn California — Fair Friday: continued
warm weather in the interior; brisk westerly
v.inCs on the coaft. with fog.
-Southern California— Fair Friday, except pos
sibly light showers ia the mountains; brisk
»-«?sterly wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday; brisk southwest wind*.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Friday,
with fog in th morning and at night; brisk
level 7% below last night. Atchison 4%, North
western 5. Lackawanna 4»4, St. Paul and Iowa
Central preferred 3%, C. & O. 3%, St. Louis and
San Francisco first preferred S s i, and Baltimore
and Ohio. Delaware and Hudson. St. Louis
Southwestern preferred, Chicago and Eastern
Illinois and Great Northern 3 points each.
A number of the prominent Industrials de
clined 3 points or more and losses of 2 points
and upward were very numerous. The call
loan market continued easy and sterling ex
change also weakened.
The railroad bond market was moderately ac
tive and irregular. Total sales. $3,510,000.
United States old 4s and 5s declined U per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— • . Bid.
131,950 Atchison 75^
43.100 Atchison prefd 10OV4
22.250 Baltimore & Ohio 96-,i
300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92
2,400 Canadian Pacific 101%
300 Canada Southern ;.«68
8,400 Chesapeake & Ohio 41
5.60iJ Chicago & Alton. 39Vs
1,500 Chicago 4: Alton prefd 76%
1,300 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy: 195^i
2,400 Chlcagro.'Ind & Louis 22V*
30i) Chicago. Ind & Louis prefd 69
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 122
3,700 Chicago & Great Western 23
200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. S0*i
300 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 46
600 Chicago & Northwestern 193
14.500 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 13714
4,400 Chicago Terminal & Trans.... 20
3.S0O Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 40
2,700 C C C & St Louis 87%
5,200 Colorado Southern.. 127V»
3,200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd... 49
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21ii
3,600 Delaware & Hudson -yl59js
L900 Delaware, Lackawanna & West...T.22S
Denver & Rio Grande 45
3,400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 92^i
7,000 Erie 31'.,
1.500 Erie 1st prefd 67^i
1,500 Erie 2d prefd 52Vs
400 Great Northern prefd 176
700 Hocking Valley 60
300 Hocking Valley prefd 73!i
S.O00 Illinois Central 14S-
L400 Iowa Central 35
2,700 Iowa Central prefd .' 76£
100 Lake Erie & Western...- 53
Lake Erie & Western prefd 118
25.400 Louisville & Nashville 103%
20.400 Manhattan L 117»s
5.700 Metropolitan St Ry 168
6,700 Mexican Central 21%
700' Mexican National 9&
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 103Vi
3.900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 25
4,000 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd . 54%
17.M0 Missouri Pacific 104'4
New Jersey Central 160
13.190 New York Central 151%
4,000 Norfolk & Western.. .47 !^
Norfolk & Western prefd S9
100 Northern Pacific prefd 96
23.100 Ontario &. Western 32U
P C C & St Louis , 79
36,700 Pennsylvania 144T»
21,100 Reading 40%
1L100 Reading 1st prefd 16%
7,700 Reading 2d prefd 61%
1,200 St Louis & San Francisco :... 43!i
200 St Louis & San Francisco prefd 80
3,000 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 69 ,
1.900 St Louis Southwestern 29',i
1,600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 62
97,200 St Paul 159%
St Paul prefd ". lS3~r
72.500 Southern Pacific 51%
37,400 Southern Railway 29^
53.200 Southern Railway prefd 84%
13.400 Texas & Pacific 40V4
700 Toledo, St Louis & West..". 20
1.900 Toledo, St Louis & West prefd 35
151,400 Union Pacific 98%
1.9C0 Union Pacific prefd SSV^
2.300 Wabaeh 19V4
7.300 Wabash prefd 39V4
1,600 Wheeling & Lake Erie lSVi
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30
5,600 Wisconsin Central 20Vi
SOO Wisconsin Central prefd 42%
Express Companies —
Adams 160
American 192
United States t 85
Wells-Fargo ..-. 140
Miscellaneous—
27.500 Amalgamated Copper ". 116U
4.2C0 American Car & Foundry 23V4
600 American Car & Foundry prefd 84
400 Linseed Oil : 26 '
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 62
5,900 American Smelting & Refng 53«i
3,500 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 104%
600 American Tobacco 130
1,600 Anaconda Mining Co 44*4
19,400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77%
3.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron. 99Vi
2,400 Consolidated Gas 215%
1,700 Continental Tobacco 66
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 117
1,900 General Electric 255
600 Glucose Sugar i 56
700 Hocking Coal 21
300 International Paper 2O',i
International Paper prefd : 76
900 International Power 90
Laclede Gas 95
" 300 National Biscuit 70
400 National Lead 20^
3C0 National Salt 43%
1C0 National Salt prefd 76V4
SOO North American 99^j
100 Pacific Coast 64
1.200 Pacific Mail 38
10,500 People's Gas 113%
700 Pressed Steel Car 4Hfe
.BOO Pressed Steel Car prefd 83M:
200 Pullman Palace Car 207
3,300 Republic Steel 18%
700 Republic Steel prefd 72%
20,900 Sugar 138V4
8,700 Tennessee Coal & Iron 61%
200 Union Bag & Paper Co 15»^
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 73
3,900 United States leather z. 12%
1,200 United States Leather prefd 77
600 United States Rubber 20Vt
100 United States .Rubber prefd 58Vi
102,800 United States Steel 44>4
40,600 United States Steel prefd 93%
6,100 Western Union 90J4
1.1S8.000 Shares cold. , .
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 2« ref reg 107'.i N Y Cent lsts 104%
Do coup 107% N J Cent gen 5s. ..131
Do 3s reg 108 Northern Pac 4s... 72%
Do 3s coup 108% -Do 4s 103%
Do new 4s reg. ..138% N Y C & St L 4s. 107V*
Do new 4s coup.138% N & W con 4s 103%
Do old 4s reg 112% Or Nav lsts 107
Do old 4a coup. -.112% Do 4s 102%
Do as reg 108% Or Short L 6s 130
Do 5s coup ..108% Do con 5s 117%
Dls of Col 3.65s. ...126 Reading-Gen 4s.... 95
Atchison gen 4s 104 R O W lsts... 100
Do adj 4s.. 98% St L & I M con Os.114%
Canada Sou 2ds 110 S L & S F gen 6s. .133%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO8 St Paul con 180
Do 5s 120 St P C & P lBts.,120
C & N con 7s 142 Do 5s 117"4
Do S F Deb 5s. .122% Southern Pac 4s.... 91%
Chic Term 4s 92 Southern Ry 5s.. ..117%
Colorado Sou 5s SSM Stand R & T 6s.... 60
D at K G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts.. ..118%
Erie Gen 4s 86% Do 2ds ....103
F W & D C lsts.. 104% Uniqn Pac 4s 104%
Gen Elec Cs. 200 Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Cent lsts 115 Do 2ds; 113
L & N tlnl 4s 102% West Shore 4s. .....Ill
M K & T 2ds 84 Wis Cent lsts 86
Do 4s 97^ Va Centuries 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con-... 13 Little Chief .:.. 13
Alice 44 Ontario ....9 00
Breece 1 BO Ophir 65
Brunswick Con.... 15 Phoenix 08
Com stock Tunnel.. 05% Potosi ..{ 05
Con Cal & Va. 2 05 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra... 60 Sierra Nevada 13
Horn Silver 1 35 Small Hopes.. .'.' 45
Iron Silver... CC Standard 3 40
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . '¦ Union Land ... 3
I Call loans ....4<j?5 Went End » ... S6
Time loans 4g4% Westngh Elec .... G8
Stocks— . Bonds— '
Atch Too & S F.. 75% Atchison 4s .......103
Do prefd 100 N E G & Coke 5s.. 67.
Amer Sugar ......138V* Mining Shares-
Do prefd 128 (Adventure ;...' £2
Aroer Tele" ........154%]BIngham Mng Co.. 22
Boston A Albany.. 336 Amal Copper... ....116%
Boston Elev 185 ! Atlantic ............ 37
NEW YORK. July 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,174 barrels; exports, 27,399. Active and firm
at old prices. :
WHEAT— Receipts. 16S.CO0 bushels; exports.
233,187. Spot market firm. No. 2 red, 74c f. o.
b. afloat and 72c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 73'/£c f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth.
82c f. o. b. afloat. Options were generally active
and strong on prospects for feeding wheat in
the Southwest, the up turn in corn, covering
and bullish private crop estimates based on
the Government report. Closed strong and
%«jT%c net higher. July. 71%@71%c, closed
71»ic; September, 70%@71%c, closed 71c; Octo
ber, 71%@71%c, closed 71%c; December, closed
73c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice. 5%e:
mild, quiet: Cordova. 8>4@12V4c. Futures closed
steady, with prices net unchanged to 5 points
higher. Total sales were 19.500 bags, includ
ing: August. $4 95; September, $5@5 05; Octo
ber, $5 05; November, $3 10;- December, $5 25;
January, $3 40; March, $5 40@5 45; May, $5 50(3
5 55. • • i
SUGAR — Raw. steady: fair refining. 3 9-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 13-lSc; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c: refined, steady. ¦
BUTTER— Receipts, 4600 packages. State
dairy. 14@lS^c; creamery, 15@19%c; factory,
13@15i£c.
EGGS — Receipts. 6100 packages. Western
candled, 13S/15c: do uncandled, 9@12V6c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples unchanged. State, com
mon to good, 3%@5c; prime, 5^@5*4c; choice,
6@6%c: fancy. ! 6@7c.
California fruits were quiet and unchanged.
Prunes, 2^(S2%c per pound, as to size* and
quality. Apricots— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark,
7%@12c. Peaches— Peeled, ll@12c; unpeeled,
6@10c.
WASHINGTON. July \ 11.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 cold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $170,220,020; gold, $102,375,654.
Condition of- the Treasury.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Money on call, steady,
at 3@5 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling
rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4@4%
per - cent. Sterling exchange Is weak, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 84«i@4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 86@4 8SV2; commercial bills,'
$4 84%. Bar silver. 58%c; Mexican dollars,
46% c. Government bonds, weak; State bonds,
inactive; railroad ¦• bonds, irregular. 1
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON. July 11.— Atchison. 77U: Anaconda.
9; Canadian- Pacific. 103%: Northern Pacific
preferred, 96; Union ' Pacific preferred, 90V4:
United States Steel preferred, 95%; bar silver
quiet, 26 15-I6d per ounce; money, 1@114 per
cent, f *
CLOSING.
Yesterday's rally proved to be a flash In the
pan. The universal decline was resumed to
day under the lead of American stocks. The
New York monetary position Is disliked here
and there is a fear that Germany will take
gold from London. Americans opened depressed
and the market rushed to sell, although com
mitments here were light., Germany sold 50.000
shares and close to the bottom. There was
also selling for the New York account. Atch
ison was >most erratic, fluctuating from SO to
75 and finally recovering. The consol payment
is passing oft easily. The market price of par
gold has risen a farthing to 77s 9V4d. Money
to-day was harder, the call rate running up to
2 per cent.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Boston & Maine. ...133 iCalumet & Hecla..787 j
Chi Bur, & Q 193^' Centennial 28^
Dominion Coal .... 38% Franklin .....18%
Do prefd 114 Humboldt 25
L S Steel «% Osceola 89^4
prefd 93W Parrot 52V4
Fitchburg prefd. ..144 Qulncy ...178
Gen Elec 258 Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Mexican Cent 24^ Tamarack 343
>. E Gas & Coke.. 7 Utah Mining 29V4
Old Dominion 30H Winona 2%
Rul >ber 1914 Wolverines 59
Lnion Pacific .. 98V4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' —
Silver off again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat dull, but futures higher.
Good bright Barley continues in demand.
Oats and Coin still suffering in the West.
Beans still in demand for shipment.
Hay weakening under large arrivals.
No advance yet in Bran and Middlings.
Potatoes continue weak. Onions unchanged. >
Summer Vegetables in large supply and zveak.
Butter and Eggs quieter since the advance. Cheese firm.
Poultry continues firm under light supplies.
Pears, Peaches, Plums and Apricots continue firm.
Dried Apples very firm throughout the East.
Fruit crop suffering from heat in the Western States.
Provisions very firm, with a predicted advance. '
Meat market as previously quoted. \
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
FOR THURSDAY, July 11.
Flour, qr sks 6,872 Pelts, bdls *0
Barley, ctls 4,635 Hides, No 193
Oats,* ctls 385 Hay. tons 943
Tallow, ctls 520 Shorts, sks 200
Lime, bbls 273 Middlings, sks... ICO
Wine, gals ;. 15,600 Potatoes, sks 4,962
Leather, rolls.... 1S2 Beans, sks ; 12
?
Receipts of Produce.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
94c; raw, 92c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra'
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil, in barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
12>4c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 18&c; Astral. 18«4c;
Star. 18'/£c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine, 23Vac:
Eocene, 20V&C; deodorized stove gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
In cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE — 58c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100- lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.73c; Confection
ers' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Doral
nos, half-barrels, 6.50c f boxes, 6.75c per lb.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend, $9;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
2C00 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Very firm. San Quentln Bags.
$5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags. KVic; local make,
iio less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32@35c;
Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5%gSc for
cotton and 8%@8%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5@€c per lb for
VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes, 7®7&c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, SH@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbfl and under. 694c:
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, : sows, 20 per cent
off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7V4@9%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about V&c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%@llc; medium. 9@10c: light. 8^i@9c:
Cow Hides. 8%@9%c for heavy and 8V4@9c for
Iiirhf Staes 6%c; Salted Kip, 9&c: Salted Veal.
94@10c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. I6*c:
Cuila 14c- Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. 17«18c;
Culls" and' Brands. 14f?15c; Sheepskins shear
lings. 15<g30c each: short Wool. 30@a0c each:
medium. 60@73c: long_Wool. Mte<3U each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 5CiS2 75 for large and *S0S 33
for medium. $1 50@l 73 for small and aOc for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 to for large $1 a0
for medium. $125 for small and u 0c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 3oc: fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter orthin skins, 20c
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, iac; large and
smooth. SOc; medium, 33c.
TALLOW No 1 rendered. 4$iC per ID, choice.
5C W N 5lilS 3 p^g! : i?0 r 0 a o e r $F- 3 Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14«13Uc: do. Lambs', lie per^ b;
Northern, free. 12@13c: defective Hfllc: MW
dle County, free. 10@lIc: do. defective. 8«10c:
Southern 12 months. 8@9c: Southern, free. <
months. 7«rl0c; do, defective, 7 months. 7@Sc;
Oregon Valley, fine. 14®13c; do. medium and
coarse. ll@13c: Oregon, Eastern, choice. 11313c;
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll>4c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, .Tallow, Wool and Hops.
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9c;' five tierces. 8%o per lb.
LONDON, July 11.— Consols, 92 ll-16d; silver,
26 15-16; French rentes, lOOf 62%c. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; Walla Walla,
28s l%d; English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL , July 11.— WHEAT— Steady;
No. 1 Standard California, 5s 8d@5s 9d; wheat
in Paris, 6teady; flour In Paris, quiet: French
country markets, weak; weather -in England,
fine. -
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32s.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 1L— Wheat— Quiet; Blue
Stem, 57c; Club, 56c.
PORTLAND. July 11.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
56c. ,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, July lL-Clearings, $135,157;
balances. $124,255.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, July 11.— The offerings of wool at
the auction sales to-day numbered 15,120 bales.
The attendance was large and bidding spir
ited. Superior greasy continued active. Scoured
sold well and Cape of Good Hope and Natal
were in request. The home trade and Ger
many were the chief operators. -
London Wool Sales.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW 'YORK. July 11.— Cotton closed quiet
and steady, 4 points lower to 3 points higher.
NEW YORK, July 1L— Irregularity continued
to mark the course of the London tin market.
This morning it started with a decline of £1,
but a reaction , of £3 made a net sain of £2
for snot, with the final price quoted at £130.
Futures closed unchansed at £115 10s. The
New York market for spot tin was quiet, with
the bid price raised 25 points, the closing be
ing at $27 '50027 85. The local market for cop
per ' was inactive and unchanged for lake at
J17, while castlne ruled dull and nominal at
$16 62%. • London copper closed at £67 2s 6d
and futures at £67 12s 6d. Lead ruled ¦ quiet
and unchanged [ at New York at $4 37%, and
London closed' at £12 5s. Spelter remained
quiet at $3 90@3 95 at New York. London
closed at £16 12s-6d. The American iron mar
kets were quiet and nominally unchanged,
while the English markets made some gain.
Pigiron warrants, $9 50@10. |
New York. Metal Market.
ST. JOSEPH, July 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1173. Market 5@10c lower. Natives, $4@5 60;
cows and heifers, $2@4 20; veals, $3 25@6 50;
bulls and stags, $2 10@4 85; stockers and feed
ers, $2 75<2?4 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 8184. Market 5@7%c higher.
Light and light mixed, $5 T0®5 85; medium and
heavy, $5 75@6 12%; bulk, $3 77^@5 92&; pigs,
$4@5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 758. Market, strong to 10c
higher. Lambs, $4@5 50.
CHICAGO. July 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8500,- including 900 Texans. Steers generally
slower; butcher's stock steady for choice;
others slow. Good to prime steers, $5 10@6 20;
poor to medium, $3 90@5; stockers and feeders,
*2 25@4 40; cows, $2 45®* 50; heifers, $2 60@4 9O;
canners, $2@2 40: bulls. $2 40@$4 40; calves,
choice strong, others steady, $4@6 85; Texas
steers, $3 25@5 20; bulls, $2 50@3 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18,000: to-morrow,
15,000 estimated; left over, 1500. Market active,
5@10c higher, closing strong; top, $6 30. Mixed
and butchers. $5 S5@6 25; good to choice heavy,
$6@6 30; rough heavy, $5 85@5 95; light, $5 80@
6 15; bulk of sales, $6@6 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Market 10c higher:
lambs 15@25c higher. Colorado shorn lambs up
to $5 35. • Spring lambs up to $6. Good to choice
wethers, $3 60@4 40; fair to choice mixed, $3 25
@4; Western sheep, $3 6O@4 40; yearlings, $4 25@
4 60; native lambs, $3 75@6; Western lambs,
$3 50@5 35.
Chicago Livestock.
CHICAGO. July 1L— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California' fruit: Peaches-^Crawfords,
$105@125 box ;.Fosters, $;@123; St. John, 95c@
$1 25 box. 80c@$l 40 single crates. Pears—Bart
letts, $2@2 40 box, $1 15@1 35 halves; Clapp's Fa
vorite, average $2 10 a box. Plums— Burbanks,
$1 15@1 30, single . Satsuma, ¦ $1@1 20.
Prunes— Tragedy. $1 40@l 60. single crates.
Porter Bros. Co. sales: Pears— Bartletts, $2 25
@2 40. Plums— Burbanks. 80@90c. Prunes-
Tragedy, $135@155; Slmoni, 55@S0c. Peaches—
Hale's Early, S5@90c; McKevitt, 45c. Grapes—
Fontainebleau, $1 55@1 80, half-crates.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Porter Bros. Co. sales
California fruit: Peaches— Hale's Early. 75c@
$105; Early Crawford, 85c@^FS5; Foster, $120©
$135; St. John. 65@90c. ' Plums— Climax. $155®
1 65: Wlckson, $1 95@2 10; Burbank, 93c@$l 45:
California Red, $1 80@l 95; Satsuma, $1 05@l 10;
Chalcot. $140; Norman. $1 35. Prunes— Tragedy,
$150#175; Slmoni, $1 20®l 30. Pears— Bartlett,
$2 65@3 05; Wilder. $165. hal f -boxes. «
Earl Fruit Co. sales: Peaches— Foster's, 8ac@
$1 15, boxes; Hale's Early. $1@1 05. Prunes—
Slmoni, / average $125, single crates; Tragedy,
$115@175. Pears-Bartletts, $2 50@2 M a box,
$1 60 half-box. Eight cars sold to-day.
passed away without bringing any serious fail
ures and: the fact had been mentioned as re
markable-in connection with • earlier reports.
One large concern, however, proved unable to
bear the strain quite Ions enough and Its debts
account for practically all of the June figures,
which exceed the same month i of. any recent
year. In textiles tho amounts recorded are
not pleasing, but since the new fiscal year has
brought definite Improvement in these branches
of manufacture" there is every reason, to expect
no further large assignments. Few failures oc
curred among liquor and' cigar makers, but two
large breweries furnished liabilities 4>t about
$450,000. Little alteration appears In the trad
ing losses as compared with the two previous
good years, but ! defaults were much lighter
than in any June prior to 1399. •
. Local • dealers quote a -very .firm market,
with prospects of an advance In sympathy with
the Western markets. '•...
¦ CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
1214c for light medium. 1 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and : loVJc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13^4® 14c; California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family. $13 50; prime Mess ¦ Pork, • $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; . Smoked Beef, 13$4@14c
per lb. J - - •.,• ¦ ¦ : - • ¦
, i LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and : 10%c : for pure ; halt-barrels, . pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c. . .
J ; COTTOLENE— One ; half -barrel, ; 9%c; three
Provisions.
The dried Apple market continues very firm
all over the East, and as everybody admits a
short crop, good prices are likely to rule. New
Peaches* and Apricots are steady, though it is
too early yet for any activity. Reports from
the West, i particularly Kansas, give gloomy
accounts of damage to the fruit crops by the
prevailing hot and dry weather. . as . the fruit
Is shriveling up and dying on the trees.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun dried, l&@2Hc; Peaches.
Z l A:StAc lor standard, 4%@5%c for choice and
6@6i£c for fancy; New Peaches, 6c for July
and 5c for August delivery; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 3@4c;' unpitted. %@l»4c: Nec
tarines. 4@4'/4c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES — 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s, 6V4c; 50-60s, 4Vic:
60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 314c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs. 2Uc;
100-120S. 1%C. ¦ - • "i
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 0c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, lOUcperlb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6*2c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6>/4c: 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown, 5*4c,- and
4-crown, 5V£c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crpwn, $1 60 per box: 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common shin
ping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll@lltfc:
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6V4@7^6c; Almonds, 13{il4c for ¦ paper-shell. 10®
lie for softshell a jd 5@6c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.'
$3 60@5. . ¦ . • • .
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9®9V4c
for light amber; water white extracted.' 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4^c; dark, 3V&C.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
APPLES— New, 25c@$l 25 per large box and
20@35c per basket. ,
APRICOTS— 35@60c per box, 40@65c per crate;
In bulk. $15@17 50 per ton for small and $20@25
for large.
CRABAPPLES— 40@50c per small and $1@
1 25 ner large box.
PLUMS — 35@60c per box and 20@40c per bas
ket; Prunes, 40@65c per crate and 30@60c per
basket.
PEACHES— 35@60c per box and 35@50c per
basket for early common and 40@60c per box
and 50(f?75c per basket for Crawfords.
NECTARINES— White. 40@S0c per box; Red.
75c@$l. ' I
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@60c per box
and 40@50c per basket; Bartletts, 83c@Jl 25 per.
box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50®4 50 per chest for
Longworths and $3 23@5 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4©6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5O@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES per lb.
FIGS — Black. 30@40c per box for single and
50@75c for double layers; White, 35<g>40c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, per crate for Yuma
and $2 25@3 for Indio; Cantaloupes, $1 50 per
half crate and $3@3 50 per large crate.
GRAPES — Seedless and Black, from Arizona.
$1@1 25 per crate; Fontalnebleau, from/Vaca
vifle, 75c@$l per box. ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 50c@$l 25; Medi
terranean Sweets, 50c(<?$l 25; Valencias, $1 50@
2 50; St Michaels. $l@l 75; Lemons, 75c@$l 23
for common and $1 5O@2 50 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes. $7 50®
8; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Two cars of Watermelons from Fresno were
held at 17c, but were too green for the trade.
One was sent down to San Jose, where It
was turned down on this account. A crate of
Nutmsgs came in from Clarksburg, on the
Sacramento River, and sold at $2 25. Canta
loupes brought good prices.
The Panama steamer brought up 269 cases
Limes, but the price has nevertheless advanced,
as will be seen. Oranges are flat and nominal,
and Lemons are unchanged.
Prices for Peaches, Pears and Plums are ad
vancing under moderate arrivals and a good
demand. Figs are lower. Berries are still
cheap and show little change. There are not
many Apricots on the market now, and fine
Peaches are scarce. Nectarines are steady at
the good prices.
The recent arrivals of Bananas are rather
green, but they are selling off well at the
quotations.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20c per lb for fancy
and 18H@19}&c for seconds; dairy, 14@18c per lb
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 16@18c for good to fancy;
store, 13@15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
¦ Creamery — Extras, 2Cc; firsts, 18c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 18c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice, 8V4c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c; East
ern, full cream, 13@15c per lb. - ,
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 18c; mixed
colors, 16c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
13c ; seconds. .
Eastern— Standard, 15c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Dealers say that the sharp advance in Butter
has already had the apprehended effect of shut
ting oft orders, and that the market Is consid
erably quieter. Cheese rules firm, supplies be
ing light.
The advance in Eggs has led to a rather
quieter market, as the retailers are now obliged
to ask 25c. Receipts, however, dropped off ma
terially yesterday.
Receipts were 34,500 pounds and 40 tubs of
Butter, 834 cases of Eggs, 417 cases Eastern
Eggs. 20.300 pounds of California Cheese and
pounds of Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The firmness in Poultry continues, receipts
from all sources being light.
•POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1<3>1 25;
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks, $3@4 for old and
$3@4 50 for young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters
$6©8; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers $4 50(35-
Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2@2 75 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and $1 50
@1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
1 Potatoes were weak again, as will be seen by
the quotations. Onions showed little change.
: Green Corn Is lower again. Tomatoes continue
plentiful and weak, and Cucumbers are rather
lower. Peppers. rule firm at the good prices.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 85c@$l 15 In sacks
.and $1@1 65 in boxes for Burbanks, 80c@$l for
Garnet Chiles and $1@1 20 for Early Rose; Sa
linas Burbanks. $1350160.
ONIONS— New Red, 33@45o per sack ; New
Tellow, 75@90c.
I VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for large. $1 23@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c® $1 for No. 2; Green Peas.
63c@$l 25 per sack; String Beans, l@3c; Cab
bage, 40@50c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, 40c; from Winters, 20@30c; Rivers, in
lage boxes, 75c@$l 25; Dried Peppers,- 12@18c;
Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb; Green Okra, 15c;,Car
rots. 25@35c per sack ; . Marysville Cucumbers,
35@65c per box; Winters, 65c; Bay, $1@1 25;
Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, $1@1 50 per box for
Chile and 75c@|l 50 for Bell; Egg Plant, $125®
160 per box; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack; Bay
do, $1@1 25 per crate; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 25@35c. - . - • . . •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue steady, with a continued de
mand for shipment which is steadily reducing
stocks.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@3 60; Small White, $4 83
@5; Large White. $3 50@3 S3; Pink, $1 40@l 60;
Red. $3 ISO'S 25; Blackeye, $3 10®3 25; Llmas.
$6 35@6 50: Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
MuEtard, nominal; Flax. $2 50©3; Canary, 3H6
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3V4c; Timothy, 6tfc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60 per ctl. -
Receipts of Hay continue too large, \ the mar
ket is extremely weak and dealers say that a.
break must come shortly. Thus far, however,
there is no decline. i
' Feedstuffs continue firm, but the' expected ed
vance has not yet materialized.
BRAN— $17 50@18 50 per ton. -
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FBEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17® 13; Corn Meal,
$28Jf29; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 E0@17 50.
HAY— New Is quotable as follows: Wheat.
$8 50@10; choice, $i0 60; Wheat and Oat, $8@10;
Oat. $6@9: Barley and Oat, $7@8 50; Alfalfa,
$S@9 50; Clover, nominal: Volunteer, $i<§7 00.
STRAW— 33@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Bye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, '$! CO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3.75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. *4 50; . Whole Wheat
Flour, J3 J5; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 35@7 SO;
in sacks. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
ICO Junction ??
1C0O Lion i,
110 PetroUum Center ™
6C0 Petroleum Center "'•
15 Petroleum Center •" "i
10 Petroleum Center ; •"
SAN FRANCISCO OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — „ „
1 Hanford n 5i
15C0 Lion . "
ICO Monte Cristo. h 60 1 ™
20© Occidental of West Virginia ,..-• *>
15 Peerless *••¦• ¦* ° •
1C0 Sterling 130
Afternoon Session.
loco Lion, s 60 • H
300 Occidental of West Virginia SO
45 Peerless SCO
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Hoard yestsrday:
Mornins; Session.
700 Confidence 00 4no Mexican 15
10O Gould & Curry. 13 SCO Ophir «7
3C0 Justice ftlj ."<*) Ophir W
200 Mexican l?l 100 Potosl 07
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes «?.| 500 Mexican 1%
SOO Best & Belcher. 20 r.iio Ophir 6*
300 Caledonia *> 30O Overman IV"
25 Can Cal & Va.2 in ICO Silver Hill 2«
200 Con Cal & Va.2 OS SO Silver Hill :5
SCO Crown Point... 03) If 0 Yellow Jacket.. 03
The following were the sales In the Facific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
"CO Best & Belcher. 20 3C0 Ophir «?
100 Caledonia 41 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
200 Con Cal & Va.2 1" 2C0 Silver Hill ZJ
200 Ophir 66
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 10! 5^0 Mexican 18
200 Best & Belcher. 20 2M> Mexican 17
330 Con Cal&Va..2 07*4 400 Ophir 68
800 Con Cal&Va..2 02^i| 200 Overman 18
100 Crown Point... 09j 3C0 Union Con 1*
200 Hale & Norcrsa IS'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 11— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 OSIJustlce 01 03
Alta 04 08 ¦ Ken tuck 01 03
Andes 02 01 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 09 W Mexican 15 17
Best & Belcher 20 211 Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 <tt|Ophir W 67
Caledonia 40 42] Overman 17 IS
Challenge Con.. 22 23 1 Potosl 07 05
Chollar '06 071 Savage 07 03
Confidence 84 87f Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.2 00 2 05! Seg Belcher — 02
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 18 17
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill 25 28
Crown Point... 08 09 St Louis 08 —
¦Eureka Con 06 — Standard ....... 3 60 — •
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union Con 13 la
Hale & Norcrss » 21 Utah 01 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 03 09
v THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,; JULY 12, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
99%c.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
California Fruit Sales.
L.
?i» •-?=¦ o;
ETATKMTS. |g 1 1 =
: I : 3 g§
as
1
M
If
Palermo ICO 59 S
Hanford 105 72 S
Santa. Maria. ....... SO 4S ..
Ventura. IB 5S ..
San Jose 89 60 N
HolIUter 81 *5 ..
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
= E H. O «> t
| ;?3 ?= S3 *E =3
STATION 3 filial It ff
? : I j 3 g.3 jj~ :?
vstoria «. 30.14 C2 4S KW Pt Cldy .OS
?alcer 29.84 74 50 N Clear .00
•arson 29.7S 86 52 W Clear .00
"ureka 29."«4 5$ £2 XW Clear .00
29. 3S 101 €6 SE Clear .00
"lagTEtaff — Zf.VZ 86 00 U Pt Cldy T.
•ocatello, Idaho.. 23.6« 92 72 S CTear .00
niiependenee ....23.C6 94 62 SW Clear .00
xis Angeles 2S.7S M 58 W Clear .00
»9.'50 110 80 KW Clear .00
Portland 30.06 64 66 XVT Cloudy .00
led Bluff 2a.GS 9S 70 SE Clear .00
voscburs 29.M 76 50 NE Clear .00
acramtnto 29.72 94 60 SW Clear .00
«alt Lake 23.76 94 €2 S Pt Cldy T.
¦an Francisco ...29.84 62 50 SVT Cloudy .00
:an Luis Obispo..29.SS S4 4S N Clear .00
; an Die-ro 29.7S 70 62 JCW Clear .00
¦cattle 30.12 ?4 4S N'W Oear .04
: pokanf 29.96 70 55 W Cloudy .CO
Ceah Bay 30. IS SS 46 W Clear .53
.Valla Walia 2?. 9* 7S 60 W Pt Cldy .00
Vinnemucca 23. €S P0 12 SW Clear .00
furna 23.62 100 SO W Clear T.
L.
?i» •-?=¦ o;
ETATKMTS. |g 1 1 =
: I : 3 g§
as
1
M
If
Palermo ICO 59 S
Hanford 105 72 S
Santa. Maria. ....... SO 4S ..
Ventura. IB 5S ..
San Jose 89 60 N
HolIUter 81 *5 ..
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
= E H. O «> t
| ;?3 ?= S3 *E =3
STATION 3 filial It ff
? : I j 3 g.3 jj~ :?
vstoria «. 30.14 C2 4S KW Pt Cldy .OS
?alcer 29.84 74 50 N Clear .00
•arson 29.7S 86 52 W Clear .00
"ureka 29."«4 5$ £2 XW Clear .00
29. 3S 101 €6 SE Clear .00
"lagTEtaff — Zf.VZ 86 00 U Pt Cldy T.
•ocatello, Idaho.. 23.6« 92 72 S CTear .00
niiependenee ....23.C6 94 62 SW Clear .00
xis Angeles 2S.7S M 58 W Clear .00
»9.'50 110 80 KW Clear .00
Portland 30.06 64 66 XVT Cloudy .00
led Bluff 2a.GS 9S 70 SE Clear .00
voscburs 29.M 76 50 NE Clear .00
acramtnto 29.72 94 60 SW Clear .00
«alt Lake 23.76 94 €2 S Pt Cldy T.
¦an Francisco ...29.84 62 50 SVT Cloudy .00
:an Luis Obispo..29.SS S4 4S N Clear .00
; an Die-ro 29.7S 70 62 JCW Clear .00
¦cattle 30.12 ?4 4S N'W Oear .04
: pokanf 29.96 70 55 W Cloudy .CO
Ceah Bay 30. IS SS 46 W Clear .53
.Valla Walia 2?. 9* 7S 60 W Pt Cldy .00
Vinnemucca 23. €S P0 12 SW Clear .00
furna 23.62 100 SO W Clear T.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
frb. Wharf. San Francisco:
Mta»__ For Alaskan port3— 11 a. m..
t^Jg^v July 15, 20, 23. 30. August -I.
fl5£r£j«!t»k Change to company' 3 steam-
I & eSSvSm ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
: EiJfiSlIs-^Sa C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
1 r^^SsSll Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
~ "^* 11 a. m.. July 15, 20. 25. 30.
Aug. 4 and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Aug. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping- only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
pe l es )_Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.;
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
<San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only>— Steamer
C003 Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m.; Steamer Bo-
nita» Tuesdays. 9 a. m. •-•' : --; ~
Far Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos-? del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Ilex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. ¦
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th<» right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET <"FPICf! — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO.
Only Steaumshlpi I*tn» ««=»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lins from Portland to all
points East. Through ticket* to all
pcints. all rail or steamsfim ami rail, a?
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BE3TB ind MEAL1
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12. 22. August 1. 11. 21. 31
SS. GEO. tV. ELDER
Sails July 7, 17. 27, August 8. 16. 2i
D."W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montffom'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
:;ew tosk. sccth«mpton. io!«dch. fasis.
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul August 7 St. Louis.. September 4
St. Louis August 14 Philadelphia. ...Sept. 11
Philadelphia..August 21 St. Paul Sept. IS
St. Paul August 2S St. Louis Sept. 25
RED STAR LINE. ¦ ,
New YorVc and Antwero.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark July 31 "Zeeland August 21
•Vaderland ..August 7 FrJesland August 28
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARP. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 tv m.
for 'YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON KARU... "Wednesday. July 17 1901
ES. AMERICA MARU. ...Saturday. Aug. l£ 1901
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company" » office
421 Market street, corner First.
j XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ft ppflrcif* Q € Pa iwwaii « mmm » kew
UlCfllillS.5Xtf. SK^SB
S. S. ZEALANDIA. for Honolulu..
Saturday, July 20, jn'm.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa New
Zealand and Aus..:.Thufs.. Aug. 1, 10 a m
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti- ........... '.
• Tuesday. August 6. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPREKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents, 327 Hartat 81
Gai'l Passenger Off », 643 Marfet St., Piar Ko. 7. Pacific St
COMPAGNIE GENERALS ¦" TRAN3ATLANTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^»«^
Sailing- every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from pier 4:', "-VwesS
North River, foot of Morton street: *La Nor-
mandie. July IS; La Bretagne, July 25; La
Champagne. August 1. L» Gascogne. August 8.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson buildlns). New
-York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
?Twin Screw Kxprtss Steamers.
PANAMA R.-R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $10.
S. S. Leelanaw tuiits Moniiy. July 15
S. S. Argyll sails Abnd.iy, Aug. 12
S. S. Leelanaw . Kails Alonbv, Aug. 26
. From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORED
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Har-
rtson-st. wharf. 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....July 17IPERU August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 2l[GUATEMALA...Aug 22
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-'
tral and South American passenger service
(No chanse at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAT AND EIVEH STEAMEBS.
f^ITTnav^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
»:45 a. m'., 8:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. . Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a.m.. 12:30 noon. S p.m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p.m.. Pars M
cent*. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mlasloo-at. dock.* HATCH BROS.FOUR CALIFORNIA GIRLS WHO ARE AMONG THOSE RECENTLY SELECTED BY THE PHILIPPINE COMMIS
SION TO TEACH THE YOUNG IDEA HOW TO SHOOT. IN OUR FAR AWAY ISLAND POSSESSIONS. . ALL
ARE GRADUATES OP THE STATE UNIVERSITY.
The following thirteen appointees are
graduates of other universities or normal
schools, but have taken graduate work
at Berkeley: C. E. Putnam, F. W. Ab
bott, Miss Lucy C. Mount, Miss Agnes
Adams, Miss Ava Lloyd Galpin, Miss Es
telle M. Murdock, Miss Lucile Keyes. Miss
Margaret C. Thomas. Miss Julia N. Ab
bott, Miss Anna Dunlap, Miss Harriet A.
Bowles, B. C. Bleasdale and G. W. Camp
boll. ¦ -. ' ¦
Thomas A. Gamble of Seattle. "Wash.,
graduated in 1887, and took the degree of
LL.B. at Harvard University in 1890.
George A. Bond of Santa Barbara grad
uated from the university with the class
of '99, and has been principal of a gram
mar school in Santa Barbara for the past
two years. ¦ -..-'...
in a grammar school and one year as the
principal of the Esparto High School.
Howard C. White, a graduate of the
class of '01, has taught for three years in
the grammar schools.
WATSONVILLE, July 11.— W. W. King,
a merchant and veteran of the Civil. Wart
was found . in * his '• rooms "in the | Cooper
Block last evening: dying from the effects
of an overdose of morphine. Drs." Harvey
and Eesterday attended the man for. sev
eral hours In the hope of saving his life,
but he died about 1 o'clock this morning.
He was 68 . years of age and "; a I native of
Pennsylvania. He has a daughter, Mrs.
Geston Letellier, ' the wife of a physician
in Rome : ;^ V-; : ->; ,
MorpMne Kills a War Veteran.
PETALUMA, July 11.— Mrs. S. L. Ray,
one of the sixteen persons killed 'in the
Kansas City train wreck, was the mother
of Mrs. Henry Dahlmann and Mrs. A, A.
Corliss of Petaluma. She : was on her
way from Illinois to visit her daughters
'and intended to surprise them.' A tele
gram telling ¦ of her death 5 was the first
news the -relatives had of her journey
westward. Mrs. . Ray was ; 70 years old.-
She died at St. Joseph's Hospital, Kansas
City.. '.--: . • ¦: -••¦_¦''¦¦ "- . :' \\\ '¦' .
SAN JOSE. July 11.— Two deputy sher
iffs and a half dozen Chinese friends of
Lee Wing, who was killed in March last,
are keeping vigil beside an iron caldron
in the Chinese cemetery, In which the
body of the dead man is being boiled to
night. . ' - ¦ ¦"". , : :
Thi3 process is necessary to make pos
sible the completion of the. autopsy or
dered by the court to secure the sixteen
bullets fired Into him by. the murderous
highbinders. The bullets are to , be used
as evidence in the second trial of Look
Lee, one of the supposed assassins, which
will 'begin on the 15th. •
Trip Elided by a Train Wreck.
Cemetery to Satisfy the
Law.
Weird Vigil Kept in a San Josa
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— As a result of
the disclosures of the alleged official mis
conduct of State Gardener Dunn, the Cap
itol Commissioners to-day dismissed him
from the State service and appointed
John C. Scroggs of Sacramento in his
place. The Important incident of the
meeting was the introduction of a caustic
resolution by Governor Gage denouncing
the acts of Dunn and referring his case
to the Attorney General for action. The
resolution declares that the present Capi
tol Commissioners were induced by cer
tain high officials and by both Governors
Markham and Budd to retain Dunn, they
representing that he was an honest man
and an accomplished gardener. The reso
lution then calls for Dunn's dismissal and
the reference of his case to the Attorney
General for such steps as # the law de
mands. > . . . . ¦ , ,
BODY OF A CHINESE
PLACED IN A CALDRON
Attorney General for More
Investigation.
Case of Dunn Is Referred to the
CAPITOIi COMMISSIONERS •
DISMISS THE GARDENER
from the University of California in 1S97.
She has had three years' experience as a
grammar school, teacher and has taught
for two years in the Colton High School.
Archibald B. Anderson of Santa Rosa
graduated -from the university in 1898. and
has been principal of the Winters High
School during the past year.
William C. Spencer of Berkeley, a grad
uate of the class of 1900. has been assist
ant in the physics department of the Oak
land High School and has taught one year
in the Mount Tamalpais Military Acad-
Ra'y Howell of Colfax graduated with
the class of 1900, and has been vice princi
pal of the Madera High School during the
past year.
John A. Mackenzie of Oakland, a grad
uate of the class of '99, has taught for
one year at the Mount Tamalpais Mili
tary Academy and one term in the Oro<
ville High School, r ,
John A. Gammill of Alameda graduated
The Republican County Committee, of
which . Alfred Bouvler is chairman and J.
T. McGlynn secretary, filed a petition yes
terday with the Election Commissioners
for a permit to participate in the local
primary . election of the Republican party
on August 13. The petition states that it
is the intention to hold a convention for
the purpose of making nominations for
the municipal election on November 7,
and requests that a place be given to the
party upon the official primary election
ballot. The convention will be composed
of 301 delegates.
The county committee, of which Augus
tus Tilden' is chairman and A. B. Mahq
ney. secretary also petitioned for a permit
to participate In the local primary elec
tion, claiming that it will hold a conven
tion .which will consist of 351 delegates.
The Board , of Election Commissioners
will hold a special meeting next Monday
morning to'declde which committee is en
titled to representation.
Two Committees Pile Permits.
It has been found that Professor George
C. Tilden, the noted mineralogist, who
was recently brought to this city from
San Salvador suffering from nervous col
lapse due to overwork at his profession,
is probably a hopeless maniac. Professor
Tilden, who Is a nephew of the late Sam
uel J. Tilden of New York and a noted
scientist, reached San Francisco on June
30 and was at once taken by his friends
to a private asylum. In the hope that he
would soon get better. He grew worse In
stead, and yesterday Flora Atkinson, the
keeper of the private sanitarium, had him
conveyed to the detention ward of the
City Receiving Hospital, as she was un- •
able to do anything with him. He spent
last night strapped to his bunk, raving
constantly, and to-day will be examined
for commitment to an asylum.
PBOF. GEOBQE C. TrLDEN"
IS A HOPELESS MANIAC
hospital at the Soldiers* Home here to
day of consumption. He represented this
district in the national House of Repre
sentatives three times, 1888, 1890 and 1892.
during which time he was chairman of
the Committee on Pensions. He was 60
years of age.
AL N. Martin.
MARION, Ind.. July ll.-Ex-Congress
man A. N. Martin, Democrat, died in the
SARATOGA, July 11.— Harry Mann, the
theatrical manager, died here to-day of
Bright's disease. The name Harry Mann
was assumed by Emanuel Hayman wh*n
he went Into the theatrical business. He
was a brother of A. L. and Alf Hayman,
both of whom are theatrical managers. He
was born In Wheeling, W. Va,. on Novem
ber 7, 1S59, and was educated at Yorks
town (Pa.) College. He had managed a
number of leading playhouses, among:
them the Madison Square, Fifth Avenue.
Fourteenth Street and Knickerbocker of
New York and the Columbia of Brooklyn
and the California and Baldwin of San
Francisco.
The body will be sent to New York City
to-morrow and the funeral will take place
Sunday at Woodlawn.
Harry t/Tn-n-n,
SAN JOSE, July 11.— The love esca
pades of Ethel "Waterhouse and Percy
Lovejoy, which created such a sensation
at Mountain View a year ago, were re
called to-day by an action to compel him
to support their child In Justice "Wallace's
court. The young people were social fa
vorites in their home town, and it was
understood they were to be married. Just
before the date fixed Waterhouse fled to
Oregon and a scandal followed. He was
arrested there and brought back to keep
his promise of marriage.
While the examination was In progress
here Lovejoy and Miss Waterhouse left
the courtroom and got married. That
quashed the case against him. Lovejoy's
parents then denounced him and told him
never to come home again.
To-day's action was on a charge of fail
ing to provide for the support of their In
fant child preferred by Mrs. Lovejov.
Ivovejoy claimed to-day he had been un
able to find remunerative work and had
been sick. The charge against him was
dismissed.
m
Found Bead in His Boom.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 11.— Robert H.
Greely, secretary of the Spokane Cham
ber of Commerce, was found dead in his
room in Temple Court this morning. Sec
retary Greely had been missing since Sun
day. It is believed death resulted from
heart trouble, as did the death of Secre
tary Kasson, who died while conducting
a Chamber of Commerce excursion to
Lewiston two years ago. •
SAYS THAT HE CANNOT
SUPPORT THE CHILD
CHICAGO. July 11.— The Santa Fe Rail
road Company to-day officially announced
that the cut rates scheduled to go Into
effect on the Chicago-Missouri River divi
sion of its system had been withdrawn.
Regular rates were restored, and notices
to this effect were telegraphed to the
principal agents in* the territory affected
Printed instructions also were sent out
by the company.
This Is the first definite move to end the
Western freight war, which has been a
fierce one while it lasted. The rating dis
turbance threatened the earnings of twen
ty reads and broug-ht forth a strons
remonstrance from Eastern financial and
barking Interests. At the meeting of the
western Trunk Line committee to-morrow
It is expected an agreement to maintain
rates will toe reached and a working plan
for a physical division of traffic with all
the competitive points laid out.
The only road In doubt Is the Chicaga
Great Western, and the indications are
that it will continue to operate on an in
dependent basis. The road, according to
traffic officials. Is entitled to 2 per cent of
all business at full rates, while it asks 8
per cent. Just now It Is getting 16 per
cent of the business at cut rates.
WESTERN" FEEEGHT "WA1B,
WILL BE SOON SETTLED
YORK, Pa., July ll.-In tho County
Court to-day Juflgo Stewart rendered his
opinion In th© contempt cases growing
out of the moldere* strike here in which
George W. Test, representative of the
Molders* Union of North America: John
P. Frey or "Worcester, Mass., fourth vice
president of the union, and Howard "Wll
mer of the local union were adjudged
guilty of contempt of court In violating
the court's injunction restralnine them
from picketing and otherwise interfering
with the York Manufacturing Company.
Test and Frey, the leaders of the strike,
were sentenced to pay a fine of $250 and
costs and undergo imprisonment for
thirty days and "Wilmer was fined $25.
which he paid and was released. Test
and Frey, being unable to pay, were sent
to jail.
Judge- Stewart, In concluding 1 his opin
ion, said: .
Tho York Manufacturing Company Is entitled
to employ whom It chooses upon such terms
as they and It may see fit to agree upon. Work
men havo the right to contract with and work
for whom they please upon such terms and con
ditions and for such pay as they may be winui?
to accept. Thefce are rights which cannot be
questioned or denied. They exist in the very
nature of things, and are written In the con
stitution of the State, and any person who un
dertakes by force, menaces or threats, direct
or indirect, though cloaked In the softest lan
guage, -to violate or interrupt them is guilty
of a wrong and such conduct will be and must
be restrained by the courts.
Pennsylvania Judge Decides
That Picketing la
Unlawful.
Held Guilty of Violating
Injunction Issued by
Court.
SENDS STRIKERS
TO COUNTY JAIL
i The 'Board of Works yesterday rejected
the bids submitted for improvements to
the Fremont- and Buena Vista /schools.
The bids called for $12,755 and $15,295, re
spectively, and they are deemed too high.
The board wlll'proceed to make the addi
tions to the Fremont School with its own
force and endeavor to prove that. Its esti
mates for the work, are. correct. Plans
for an: addition to the enerman Primary
School to cosf $20,000 were suomitted to
the Board of Education. . • '^-SRMBSasSflS
Schoolhouse Bids Rejected.
MODESTO, July 11.— United States Mar
shal Shine arrived in Modesto this after
noon and ¦ served writs | of mandate upon
each of the directors of the Modesto Irri
gation District, 'commanding them to im
mediately levy an assessment to pay the
judgment of George Herring against the
district rendered by United States Circuit
Judge Morrow in December last. The
judgment is for, $17,640. . , i.-, •,
Irrigation District Must Pay.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 11.— Two
engineers, representing an English firm of
locomotive builders, are due to arrive here
to-morrow for .the purpose of inquiring
into the failure of English locomotives to
perform the same work as -American en
gines. The Jamaican Government rail
road engines are still unsatisfactory and
the visit of the engineers is the result of
a Government protest on the subject.
Failure of English ; Engines.
PETALUMA, July II.— John Lohrman,
"an old resident, was seriously injured in
a runaway accident yesterday while on
his way home: from this dty. His horses
became unmanageable and he ,waa thrown
on the wheel. : Two of his ribs and his col
larbone were broken. ':;.-.;•
Injured in Runaway Accident.
DENVER, July .11.— President Lusk of
the American Cattle Growers* Association
has appointed the following committee to
draft a bill to provide for the leasing of
the public ranker John P. Irish of- Cali
fornia. M. K. "Parsons of Utah. Bartlett
Richards of Nebraska, Henry M. Porter
of Colorado and A. B. Robertson of Tex
as, The committee will meet in Denver
next September. ; ' \ :
Leasing of the Public Range.
BERLIN. July. 11.— The trial of . fifteen
Polish students, charged with belonging
to secret political societies at various Ger
man universities organized for tho pur
pose of promoting the national aspirations
of Poland, was begun at Posen to-day.
Those students charged with this offense
who were not Prussians have fled to
Switzerland. Austria and Russia. The
trial will probably continue a fortnight.
Polish Students on Trial.
KINGSTON, Jamaica,. July.. 11.— The
Government of Jamaica has issued an or
der against the further emigration of Ja
maican laborers to Ecuador to work on
the Guayaquil-Quito Railroad, which is
belns? constructed by the McDonald syn
dicate. This »ction is taken in conse
quence of the reported 111 treatment of Ja
maican laborers at the hands of the
American contractors.
Jamaica Forbids Emigration.
i GREENVILLE, Miss., July 11.— Two
Italians were killed and another was seri
ously wounded at Erwin, a small station
thirty miles south of here on the Yazoo
and Mississippi Valley Railroad. - John
Zerro, aged 50 years, and his son,
Vincent Zerro, were killed, and Salvator
Ijiberto was. dangerously 'wounded. The
three had been living near Glen Allen, but
on account of some trouble were ordered
to leave the community by the citizens.
The men went to Erwin, a few miles dis
tant from 'Glen Allen, and decided to lo
cate. While they weie asleep, the three
were riddled with bullets, two being
killed " outright and the third seriously
shot. : Governor. Longino and the Italian
Consul ' at New Orleans . were notified of
the killing-
Three Italians Riddled
With Bullets by Un
known'Men.
SHOT TO DEATH
WHILE SLEEPING
Executive Board Urges All Unions co
Contribute to a Permanent
- • Mission Fund. .
ROCHESTER, N. Y., July- 11.— Two
thousand delegates from various parts of
the Union were in attendance when the
first business session of the National Con
vention of Unlyersalists opened to-day.
The morning service was devotional in
character. . .' .
The report of the executive board em
bodied the following recommendations:
That a union at large, without representation,
be created. That the unions be urged to con
tribute to the permanent mission fund. . : That
the by-laws be amended by the adoption of one
of the amendments now pending regarding del
egates to the annual convention. That the ex
ecuOve board be authorized to make such state
ment or settlement as may seem to it Just and
right with the several States delinquent In the
matter of assessment, except that such state
ment or settlement shall not apply to its as
sessment levied for the year 1900-01. , •
"Will Increase Rate of Interest.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— The City
Council to-day, passed an amended ordi
nance Increasing the interest on the
$9 000.000 loan to improve the water sup
ply from 3 to 314 per cent. The Mayor,
who is now sojourning In the Allegheny
Mountains, will sign the measure. His
chief clerk will leave here to-night with
the bills and it? is expected the Mayor will
affix his signature to-morrow and that the
new loan will soon be advertised. ¦ .
UNIVERSAXISTS MEET ,
IN NATIONAL CONVENTION
These two men were in* the magazine
when the explosion occurred. They were
blown, to pieces and. the fragments of the
bodies strewn over the prairie for hun
dreds of yards. Other men working in the
vicinity were thrown to the ground and
stunned. The shock was felt a mile away.
All the windows in the neighborhood were
smashed, and the windows in the Union
Stock Yards Bank, fully a quarter of a
mile away; were shattered. The damage
is estimated at $5000.
The killed and Injured were employed in
preparing slag from the smelter to be
used for ballasting on the Burlington and
Missouri Ra41road.
DENVER, July 11.— A magazine of dy
namite located near the Grant smelter
exploded this morning-," killing: two men
and injuring several others. The dead:
DOMENICO MUTO.
TONY WEST.
Damaged.
Several Others Severely Injured and
Neighboring Buildings Badly :
WORKMEN KILLED BY AN
EXPLOSION OF DYNAMITE
LONDON, July 11.— Charles T. Terkes
presided to-night at the anniversary festi
val of the Salters Company. Terkes is
the first American to occupy the chair on
the occasion of this anniversary. :
Yerkes contributed 600 frulneas to the
Royal Asylum of St. Ann, which i3 main
tained by the Salters Company, and the
300 assembled guests cheered the chair
man as he extolled the company's char
ity. "
Referring to the South African war,
Yerkes said: . , -."
The Boers are brave foes and resemble the
early American frontiersmen, but Great Britain
cannot afford half-way measures. Do not pitch
into them unmercifully, but pitch Into your
own people who oppose the war and make them
keep their mouths shut until the fight is over.
Then your differences among yourselves.
Terkes was cheered to the echo and the
toasts to King Edward and President Mc-
Kinley provoked great applause from the
assembled guests.
Joseph Choate, the American Embas
sadgr, sent his regrets. -. - . ¦;; ¦ . -
YERKES PAYS TRIBUTE
TO THE BOER PATRIOTS
Family Vault.
SCHILLINGSHURST, Bavaria, July 11.
—Funeral services over the remains of
Prince von Hohenlohe took place here to
day and were attended by the Crown
Prince Frederick William, 'representing
Emperor William, and representatives of
numerous German Princes and public bod
ies. Dean Schaedler delivered the funeral
oration. The coffin was afterward borne
to a hearse and conveyed amid the tolling
of bells to the Hohenlohe family, vault.
The Crown Prince walked immediately
behind the hearse and beside Prince Philip
Ernest von Hohenlohe, eldest son of the
deceased. Among the mourners were
Count von Posadowsky-Werner, Imperial
Secretary of State for the Interior: Herr
Thielen, the Minister of Public Works;
Baron von MIrbach, master of tho Em
press' household, representing the Km
press; Baron von Richthof en, Minister of
Foreign Affairs; deputations from numer
ous societies and a number of school chil
dren. •
After Simple Burial Services Re
mains Are Placed in the -\
MANY MOTTBNEES ATTEND
FUNERAL OF HOHENLOHE
The nominal cause for the strike given
by the union Is a demand for an increase
In muckers' wages from $2 50 to $3 a day.
Manager MacDonald of the Le Roi says
he will not reopen the mines except on a
scale of $2 for muckers and $3 for miners.
A bitter fight is expected.
The strike affects the Le Roi and other
mines owned by British companies. Tho
trouble, which* has been „ brewing for
months, started through the action of the
management in locking out union smelter
men at the Le Roi smelter at Northport,
"Wash. The "Western Federation of Min
ers took up the. matter and voted a sym
pathetic strike to assist the smelter men,
who are affiliated with the Western
Federation. - . . .
SPOKANE, July 11.— The biggest strike
In many years among: the miners of the
Northwest started this morning at Rosa
land, and as a result 1200 miners are idle.
Demand for Higher
Wages. .
Corporations Refuse to Grant
Twelve Hundred Men
Idle in the Ross
land Section.
MINERS STRIKE
IN THE NORTH
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. / < •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The annual banquet of the San Francisco
Commercial Travelers* Association was
given in the California Hotel last evening
to about fifty members of the organiza
tion. Charles E. Torres, president of the
association, presided at the table and di
rected the toasts and stories that added
Interest and entertainment to the menu.
The association is one with 125 members.
The annual election will be held early
next month.
Travelers Banquet.
REDWOOD CITY, July ,11.— The many
and various Franks or.Colma; that is,
those whose first name is Frank, will hold
a reunion on the 14th inst. at that place.
The. affair has been arranged by Frank
Deamilli and will be In the form of a
dance and supper. Of course, .It Is not
intended to limit the attendance to only
those who are so fortunate as to be called
Frank. On the contrary, all others will
be cordially welcomed and there will be
enough of the first named gentlemen on
hand to see that a good time Is provided
for all. Frank Fregulia will be floor, man
ager; Frank McComb will be hia assist
ant; Frank Wall, Frank Kelly, Frank
Reilly and Frank Curtis will serve as floor
committee, and Frank Olcece, Frank Rus
si, Frank Arnini, Frank Landini and
Frank Barsotti will act as reception com
mittee. Frank Sturla will distribute flow
ers. The event will be one of the most
unique .ever held . in ; the county and from
the interest taken in it will certainly Le
largely attended.
G-athering of the "Franks."
Thomas Murphy, an electrician, was in
stantly killed yesterday forenoon In the
Risdon Iron Works while engaged in
moving an Iron column with an electric
crane. G. Erickson was in charge of. the
crane and J. J. Cameron was working
with him. As the heavy column was be
ing lifted the crane swung around un
expectedly and crushed him against the
pillar. Murphy was a native of this city
and 28 years old. He resided with his
parents at 1824 Howard street. . :';i.':-
Electrician Murphy Instantly Killed.
At the meeting" of the Building Trades;
Council last night the following were
nominated for officers for the ensuing
term of six months: t
President. P. H. McCarthy; vice president.
E. J. Brandon; recording and corresponding
Kfcretary, O. A. Tveltmoe; financial eecretarj't
Henry Theller: treasurer. John E. McDougald;
warden. Henry Skein. Trustees— T. K. Ryan.
F. P. Nicholas. Harry Costen, Louis Chester,
J. Skemp. Organizing- committee — P. H. Far
ley. George D. Keely. W. A. French. J. Lynch,
\V. H. Bemlss. Law and legislative commit
tee—M. J. Kelly, Louis Chester, George J.
McLauKhlln. John B. William*. E. J. Bran
don. Business agrents — H. M. Saunder,s, Wil
liam Danielpcn.
The Millwrights' Union was admitted
to membership in the council, making
thirty-five organizations now represented.
The Labor day celebration committee
made a report. Much enthusiasm is dis
played In the preparations. The commit
tee will meet again to-night at 116 Turk
street.. 0
The committee on headquarters for the
council reported that three suitable lo
cations are available. The committee will
meet Saturday night at the Turk^street
Temple. It is under instructions to make
a final report at the next meeting of the
council.
LABOE OFFICERS NOMrtfATED.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 11.— Judge Hall
of the United States District Court to-day
rendered his decision In the celebrated
Hilton-Park case, the court holding that
the ceremony of "sealing" performed in
1872 was purely a religious ceremony af
fecting the lives of Mrs. Hilton and Dr.
Park only In the hereafter and was not a
marriage ceremony known to or recog
nized by the laws of Utah. Mrs. Hilton,
claiming by this ceremony to be a widow
of Dr. Park, had sued for part of the es
tate.
It is Mormon Church doctrine that a
woman dying out of the marriage state
does not occupy so high a plane in heaven
as a woman who has been married. In
1872 Miss Armltage, afterward Mrs. Hil
ton was believed to be dying, and in or
der to add to her happiness in the here
after. Dr. John R. Parks, a friend of some
years' standing, was called to the appar
ently dying woman's bedside and the cere
mony of "sealing" for eternity was pro
nounced over them by President Wells.
It was stated In the certificate issued by
President Wells that Miss Armitage was
sunposed to be on her death bed. .
The court holds, therefore, that as the
ceremony was performed only to provide
for the woman's spiritual welfare in the
next world. Miss Armitage and Dr. Park
were never h'.isband and wife. .
Mormon Ceremony of
"Sealing" Is Decided
holds marriage
only spiritual
ular graduates and have all had expe
rience as teachers. •
Ben F. Wrieht of Los Angeles grad
uated from the university in '97. Since
then he has taught history and-political
economy in the Los Angeles High School.
Miss Euphemia Paxton is an Orange
County girl. She graduated with the class
of 1900 and has had two years' experience
as a teacher. • .
Miss Laura Donnelly of Berkeley also
graduated in 1900. She taught for eight
years in the grammar schools before en
tering the university and has taught for
the past year in the grammar schools of
Ccvina, Los Angeles County.
Miss Gertrude McVenn of Redwood City
graduated from the university in 1898. She
had eight years' experience as a gram
mar school teacher before entering the
university and has taught one year in a
grammar school and one year in a hlgn
school since her graduation. .
Miss Stella Price of Colton graduated
Judg-e Troutt yesterday granted a de
cree of divorce to W. V. Tukey from
Emma V. Tukey on the ground of willful
desertion. The Tukeys were married in
Santa Rosa on April 2i, 1897. and the tes
timony developed that the wife deserted
her husband on May 14, 1900. Tukey testi
fied that he had given his wife $12,000 to
come back to him and was willing to
settle $50,000 on her if she would agree to
return, as he -was very much in love with
her.
Mrs. Tukey. however, refused to go
back and wrote him a letter, saying:
"I have come to the conclusion that I
will no longer live with you, for you
know as well as I do that we are simply
mlsmated. AH I can say is that I do not
care anything in the world for you."
Mrs. Tukey was en the stand and ad
mitted that she had left her husband be
cause she could not live happily with him.
Suits for divorce were filed by Pearl M.
Gibson against John S. Qibson for failure
to provide. Albert Winkle against Jose
phine Winkle for cruelty, William Reck
nagle versus Dorothy J. Recknagle for
desertion and Sophie -M. McMillan versus
Angus McMillan for desertion.
Beckey Levy sues Morris Levy for
annulment of marriage on the ground that
Levy has another -wife living in New
York. Plaintiff desires to assume her
maiden name, Becky Shulman. 2
OFFERED HIS WIFE MONEY
TO COME BACK TO HTM
Miss Florence Davis and Lieutenant
Louis Ray Burg-ess of the United States
artillery corps were married yesterday at
noon at the home of the bride's parents.
Dr. and Mrs. H. C. Davis, corner of Scott
and Green streets. Bishop Nichols per
formed the cer?mony In the presence of
one hundred invited guests.
The Davis home was elaborately deco
rated for the- occasion. The effect aimed
at ¦was military, and with this end in
view many flags and a profusion of red
blossom*, -red- being- the -«.rtillery color^
were used.
The bride was-- attended by Miss Lillian
Vaji Dyke of Los Angeles, who acted as
maid of honor, and MIfs Florence Dun
ham. Miss Helen Stubbs, Miss Meda
Houghton and Miss Jessie Hooper, who
officiated as bridesmaids.
Lieutenant .Albtrt J. Bowley, United
States artillery, attended the groom as
best man. and the ushers -were Lieutenant
Ward B. Pershtng of the Fourth Cavalry.
Lieutenant Ralph P. Brower, Lieutenant
Lloyd England and Lieutenant Guy E.
Carlton cf the artillery.
The bride wore an elegant gown of
white satin trimmed elaborately with
white chiffon and point lace. Miss Van
Dyke, the maid of honor, wore a dainty
grown of white chiffon and carried a bou
quet of corn flowers. The bridesmaids
¦were attired alike in white chiffon gowns
and carried bouquets of red geraniums.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Burgess leftyester
day afternoon fcr. a bridal tour, keeping
their destination a secret. They will re
turn jr.. a few -weeks and make their resi
dence for the Tresent in this city.
Miss Lola Hoffman was tendered a de
lightful surprise party by her many
friends Saturday evening, July 6, at her
residence. 18 Page street. ¦ The parlors
were very prettily decorated, and after
many enjoyable games supper was served.
Among those present were: Misses Lola
Hoffman. Nellie GaJlagher. Stella Vath.
Lynda SsdgT, LHI'.e McCullen. May
Bacper. Agnes ard Maud O'Neill, Marie
and Nellie Quin. Little Venowna, Birdie
Alexander; Messrs. John O'Neill, Arthur
Wicks, Emil «nd Fred Paracine. Eddie
Gleason. Chos»er Webb and Budd Hoff-.
man. John O'Neni had the honor of es
corting SCa Lola Hoffman to supper.
The wedding of Iftea Jennie T. Zelinsky
and Daniel S. Markowitz took place
Sunday. June 35. at the residence cf the
bride's mother. -SS3 Fell street. Only rela
tive*! were present. Mr. and Mrs. Mark
owitz will be fit home. Sunday. July 14,
betwern 2 and 5 o'clock, at 483 Fell street.
Mr. s^nd Mr?, if. T. McDonoueh cele
brated their china wedding Satur
day evening. June 29. at their residence,
£204ta Flllrnore street. Those present were:
Mr. anfl Mrs. P. O'I*ary. Mr. and Mr«.
XV. T. McDormigh. Mr. ana Mr*. A. J.
V«r«4erwhH*. Mr. and Mrs. C. TJonova-n.
Mr. and Mrs- F. J. Pearce. Mr.' ard
Mre. J«ja«™ O'Brien. Mr. and Mm'- P.
V."h«srt.-. Mr. rnd Mr?. Charts Gavin. Mr. and
Mrs. William Imt.x+. Kr. and Mrs. J. Dentcn.
Mr. «n<l Mrr_ Welch. M<-s. McKeorrn, Mrs. J.
Ral. MrF. Kyrf. Mm. 3. Ketinedv. Misses Alice.
Ros* «n<J Mar* McI>.aotiBh. B*k»I« O'l^eary.
Alice McKeown, Louise and Clara Phoedovius.
Annie Kennedy. Mtybc'le Sanflerscm, Alice and
Maggie Kerr. Jua£jri* Clark. Mary ond Lizzie
Whit*. Annie and Marie Qulr.n. May Denton.
«3eci-Kie an<! Etta Vanfl^rwrhlte. Irene and
],sura Pearce. O^rwvleve O'Brien and Emma
Lam: Meirns. VilUa-Tt and Harry CLeary.
Alfred VanderwWt-. F. Pearce, F. and B.
O'Brien. CharW Mcl>~n'"gti. H. Sohwab. A.
Bmmu. -F. end A. CFarrelt. Fred Denton,
T. Monah&n. Jamw L«ary. J. White. J. Byre.
S. Gcttsrhalk. J. DowUnfc 3. Clancy. James
Watson. R Jonee. T. Donovan. J. Itonan, Cap
tain i. Mooney. F. Jcnws. 1L Boyd, J. Ma
loner, Matt Maicnej-.
Kr. and Mrs. Clarence Grange grave a
launch party ahout the bay July 4. Stops
were msde at El Cam.no. California City.
Ross Valley ar.d San Quentin. Among the
party were: Mr. and Mrs. Clarence
Grange. Mr. end Mrs. Abe Schwartz. Mr.
and Mrs. E. H. Berois and children,
Charles T. Lindsay, E. 1. Clawlter,
the M'?ses Jear.nette and Kettie Burns,
Mrs. Edmund? and Miss Edmunds. Miss
Josephine Schwartz and C Merry Red-
Miss L-uia Mock of Hobofccn. N. J.. will
arrive in this rity July 17 on a visit to her
mother. Mrs. Joseph Hlrsch of 610 O'Fer
rell etreet. and will be 8t home to her
friends July 20 and July 21. She wUl only
remain one week in the city.
Miss Adeline Beckhusen has cone to
Santa Rosa for a couple of weeks.
Mrs. Harry S. Mlllzner and son. Lionel
R. Wi!lzner. are spending the summer, at
the Vallejo White Sulphur Springs.
Dr. Nat T. Coulson has returned from a
visit to Harbin Springs and the Petrified
Forest.
At St. Paul'd Church, at Twenty-ninth
end Church streets, last night Harry C.
Drairmund and Miss Mary T. Maher were
married. Th< church was crowded with
th<» friends of th<» couple and was beauti-
Jully decorated. The bridesmaid was Miss
Annie a sister of the bride, and
the maids of honor were Miss Claire La
Porte and MI3S Margaret Murphy. Peter
Mirrasoul was groomsman and John Dil
lon and Edmund O'Brien acted as ushers.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Father Kennedy, pautor • of the church,
end following it there was a reception at
the home of the bride's parents. 227 Twen
ty-eighth street. The newJy married cou
ple will eo to Portland on their honey
moon and will reside at Sanchez and Be
ray streets upon their return.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Spring Valley Water Company pe
titioned the Board of Supervisors yester
day to reduce tne assessment of $5,332,079
placed on its franchise by Assessor Dodge
to $1,732,079. The company claims this
amount to be the full cash value of the
franchise, and states that the board in
fixing the water rates for 1901-2 allowed
the sum of $195,000 for taxes, whereas the
amount will be $250,000 under the assess
ment fixed by Dodge. The petition con
cludes:
To permit the valuation of said franchise for
taxable purposes to be higher than $1,732,079
wujld be unfair and unjust, even though the
ordinance In the premises is belns contested,
in view of the proceeding's and remarks made
¦ by the board prior to the time when it
claimed to flx water rates.
The HIbernIa Savings and Loan Society
also protested against an assessment of
$5000 on Its franchise, $150,000 on a solvent
credit, consisting- • of a United States
check, and $2^,000 on loans outside of
California. It is claimed that the society
has no capital stock, nor has the fran
chise any pecuniary value; ¦ that the.
United States check should not be as-
sessed, as it is a draft drawn by the
United States Treasurer in payment of
interest due petitioner upon certain regis
tered bonds, and Is exempt from taxation
under section 3701 of the Revised Statutes;
that the item "loans outside the State"
is pot a taxable credit, as the loans are
secured by mortgages on real propeity. •
WANT THEIR FRANCHISE
ASSESSMENTS CANCELED
Whether or not the trust clause in the
famous Fair will, which was declared in
valid, affects tho distribution of the per
sonal property is the question that Judge
Troutt Is to decide within a few days.
Upon his decision rests the distribution of
an accumulated Income, a considerable
portion of which is to go to the lawyers
who have had dealings with the courts
by reason of the desire of many heirs to
handle the millions of the late Senator.
Judge Haynes argued for four hours
yesterday morning and sought to prove
that realty and personal property dis
tributed through a trust clause could be
segregated. He argued that the distribu
tion of tfie realty did not necessarily
mean that the personal property should
be distributed. His argument was an
swered by Attorney C. S. Wheeler, who
contended that segregation was not pos
sible under existing circumstances.
Mr. Wheeler contended that the late
Senator intended that the income from
the property should go to his children, as
has the property from -which the income
was derived. Many cases -were cited by
Wheeler to prove his claim, particularly
a decision which provided that "where the
gift of a residue is dependent for its as
certainment upon a prior trust, which has
been declared" invalid, the whole gift Is
void."
The afternoon session was devoted to
the arguments of Charles Pence, repre
senting Fair's alleged widow, and G. E.
Crothers.
Pence reviewed the late Senator's will
and submitted figures showing that if the
Income from the estate was allowed to
accumulate in fifty years' time more than
170,000,000 would be saved. This, he
claimed, was rot the object of the late
Senator. • ¦
Attorney Crothers devoted the time al
lowed him to a discussion of the inten
tions of Senator Fair. He touched upon
the amount of coin received by the law
yers, and was interrupted by ex-Governor
Budd. who represents the Fair children.
Mr. Bud told Crothers very forcibly
that "it was none of his business what
they received." ¦ - ¦ •
Judge Troutt adjourned court at 4
o'clock, and will continue the hearing at
10 a. m. to-day.
Seek to Secure Distribu
tion of Personal
Property.
Endeavor to Prove Segrega
tion Menaces the Late
Senator's Plans.
FAIR LAWYERS
STILL WRANGLE
In granting a writ of habeas corpus for
Hei.ry Pfirrmann of Los Angeles the Su
preme Court yesterday admitted the ex
istence of a question which vitally affects
the licensing power of every county in
California.
Pfirnaann is a liquor dealer In Los An
geles. In the spring of the current year
fce purchased a saloon from August Lep
perctt end engaged In business under the
firm name of Pflrrnann & Baumgarten.
On June 27 h<» paid a city license tax of
$50. An attempt was then made to com
pel Mm to pay a county tax of $15 per
month. On legal advice, he declined to
make rarracnt. and was finally impris
oned by the county authorities on June 77.
A petition for a writ of habeas corpus was
filed with th? Superior Court and was de
nied. Pfirrmann then appealed to the Su
preme Court.
The Stato law in question, which was
I>asred at the last session of the Legisla
ture is in part as follows:
Boards of supervisors of the counties of the
Ftate. and it"-* legislative bodies of the Incorpo
rated cities and towns j therein, shall. In the
exercise of their police powers, and for the
purpose of reputation, as herein provided, and
not otherwise, have power to license all and
'very kind of business net prohibited by law.
• nd transacts and carried on within the limits ,
of their respective jurisdictions, and all shows, :
exhibitions snd lawful fames carried on there
in, to fix the license rates of tax upon the
rame and to provide for the collection of the
same by suit or otherwise. • • •
Pfirraann in his petition recites at
length the ordinances of Los Angeles
which govern iiouor selling and shows
that h's business is 5f>«rally reflated by
the municipal lavs. The legislative en
actment states that the licensing power
shall bo used -"fcr the purpose of regula
tion, rtc. and not otherwise." Hence he
claim? that the county has no right to
Impose a lirv>nse on th«» same business,
for which he has already paid all that
the law rcq-jirpp to the city.
The Supreme Court admits the plea and
Elves the Los Angeles County authorities
or.f ; wc"c-k in which to show that the law •
means something different from what it
fays. j
Chief Justice Uratty says In his opinion
that there is apparently no other inter
pretation to the law than that counties
ir>r.st lose their revenue from liquor sell
ing. All towns in the State theoretically
DSP their license revenue for "the pur
pose of regulation." Counties also draw
a license revenue, but the towns have
already made their regulations, so the
funds received by the former are appar
ently rot derived in accordance with the
law. In the case of San Francisco, where
city and cour.ty are incorporate, an Inter
' rating legal point is involved as to wheth
er the city revenue is used for county pur
poses or vice versa.
Supreme Court Discovers
County Licenses to
Be Void.
Los Angeles Liquor Seller
Raises a Question of
Interest.
FINDS A JOKER
IN STATE LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAuL.* FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1901.
CALIFORNIA WELL REPRESENTED
IN THE PHILIPPINE SCHOOLS
ERKELET, July 11.— California's
representatives in 'the Philippine
public school department will
__„ number nearly half a hundred
before the close of next month.
Of ' this number ten men and women are
already at work on the islands. The rest,
excepting: five who are yet to be appoint
ed, will depart on the army transport
which sails from San Francisco July 23.
Of the 1000 teachers which the Philip
pine Commission authorized to be . ap
pointed to the island schools the State
University has received its full propor
tion. Although no more appointments are
expected this year, another year will un
doubtedly greatly increase the number of
California teachers in our new posses
sions. V '
Eighteen of the new appointees are reg-
Irving Needham of Oakland, a graduate
of the class of '98, has taught one year
Miss Charlotte B. Neale of San Diego,
a graduate of the university of the class
of '01, taught for four years in grammar
schools before entering the university.
Miss Dolores Machado of Santa Monica
graduated from the university in 1901. She
lias taught English and Spanish to pri
vate classes and for one term took a class
In one of the grammar schools of Berke
ley. . .t .
Edward E. Chrlstensen of Metz is a grad
uate of the university of the class of 1900.
During the past year he has been teach
ing- In a grammar school in Modoc County.
Thomas D. Mansfield of ! Haywards, - a
graduate of the class of 1900, has been
teaching history in the Haywards High
School since his graduation. - ;-" .
from the university in. 1898. Mr. Gammil!
has taught- for six years in grammar
schools and one year in the Alameda High
School.
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦' CAlL, FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1901.
10
SAN FRAJfCISCO CALIi.^vr-
BUSIXESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets j open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 8:30 p. m. ->„.-•;
639 McAllister street; open until »:J0 P. m .
615 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; ©pen
until B p. m. I
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. xn. ,
1096 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and . Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. -m.
2200 Fillmore street ; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG yOTICES. _t
CALITORNIA Commandery, No. 1. K. •* '
T.. No. 8 Post street— Regular assem- "gsjFf
bly THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, 7:30 ___H
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All fraters
courteously invited. By order of the
Commander.
HIRA— T. GRAVES. Racorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ¦ ,
M.-THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at^Ji
7:30 o'clock. Second degree. Visitors 7_2T
cordially Invited. By order of the / V A
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sep.
OPHIR Lodge, No. 17L L O. O. F. jV^Sfltt^sj,
— Installation of officers THIS _>#25S_
'FRIDAY) EVENING. Brothers =*g<2S^F
cordially Invited. svn*.*-
J. TU MORRISON. R. S.
BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. _¦— _
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) >S3HK
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer gttTj&a
Hall. 14 Fourth et T&fMrtS
H. H. CASTLE. SggSgr
Record Keeper. ~
LEO ASSEMBLY No. 4, Y. M. C. U.— Mem-
bers of the above assembly are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late brother.
LUKE SWEENEY. FRIDAT. July 12. at
J>:SO a. xn.. from residence, 15 Hampton place,
thence to St. Patrick's Church at 10 a. m.
Yours fraternally,
JOHN T. BURN, Rec. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY, July 15. 1901. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trustees . will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS W ANTED. \.
AGENTS caa make $2 to $5 per day. Call at
3 Taylor st .
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607,
ASTROLOGY. . ,
MME. CARLSON, celebrated astrologlst; horos-
copes cast; lessons; 4 to 5 p. m. 148 Sixth, r. 22.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like small children to board; good
home and care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
c»re:tanny yard:nr.Echool:reaBonabla.l607 Cal.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. "04-706-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1000; GENERAL merchandise store, with
coal and hay s r ard. across the bay; estab.
many years and doing a splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny St.
A— $900— SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A — J700 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing $150 per month; rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $2S00; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dallies, across the bay, or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for $15C0. Particulars
R. G.« WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1j00: HALF INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
Ft., clearing $300 per month; lease; rare
chance. CaU R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— $1500; COFJ'EE saloon and restaurant; 1
block eouth oi Market st. ; dally receipts from
£30 up; clearing about $400 per month: a rare
chance. CaU K, G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— J550; SALOOX with 36 furnished rooms; $350
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fonrth et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $350: DELICACY store and branch bakery,
¦with 3 living rooms; rent $1S; kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— $750; SALOON: no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G
WILKE, 26>,4 Kearny st.
1C0 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores, 300 gro-
ceries and bars. 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, GOO
Mores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can offer
you.
WALTER HAYES & CO., E3S Market st
A— $250; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 5
furnished rooms; a bargain. STRAND &
CO.. 209 Kearny St. -,
A — WE buy, sell or exchange any kind of bust.
ness. GUS STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
IF you want to buy or sell your business call
at the Boston Business Agency; we have first-
class lodging houses, groceries, stores, etc..
at rr*at chances. 1016 Market opp. . Fifth.
McBRIDE & CO.
A— GROCERY and bar: no better money-mak-
ing place in city: fine cash trade; trial given
before buying: owner wants to retire after
several years In business; gilt-edge chance; a
safe Investment 326 Pine et, ground floor.
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market st, near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1511.
$300— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. In-
quire Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st
MILLINERT store for sale In the thriving
town of Salinas; about 4000 - inhabitants;
splendid location: rent reasonable: will be
sold at a bargain. For particulars address
box 218. Salinas. Cal.
$125 — FOR eale at a sacrifice, fine-paying candy
and variety store; stock, shelving, fixtures,
etc.; value $450; parties would do well to ex-
arolne. Address box 4324. Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Man with 8 years* ex-
perience as manufacturer of the first metal
polish, liquid and paste form, wishes to start
b. business in that line for a good man. Ad-
dress A. GROSSER, Enterprise Hotel, Fol-
som and Sixteenth Ets.
J450— BAKERY with two horses and 2 wagons,
doing a fine business; owner wants to go to
Germany. Inquire 1365 Castro st.. Oakland.
FOR sale: $250— Restaurant In business loca-
tion: central. Apply 24S Harriet et. ; call 'be-
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
GROCERY store for sale; established 3 years;
about $2500; amount fully In sight. 2138
Dwlght Way, Berkeley.
$750— RESTAURANT In factory district; bar-
gain on account of departure to Europe. Box
4455 Call office.
WHOLE or half Interest in real estate office,
with large lists of business. 759 Market Bt
$300— CARPENTER and Jobbing shop for salt
in cood location. Address 1 box 4458. Call.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
921 Howard st; no agents.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; on
account of sickness. 29 Ninth st
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths in
hotel; elso tailor. 718 Valencia et
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et --^-'-:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
if ! £ DECKER^i020 Market, opp. Fifth Vt
14 rooms $600
18 rooms on one floor J900
27 rooms. 17 furnished ...s-600
S-room fiat ......-.: M00
70-room hotel, country town.. : $3000
S5-rocm boarding-house $7500
10 rooms, must sell ....*. $500
21 rooms, fine corner, clears $200.. $1500
e-room fiat down town (transient) $500
36 rooms on Mission street $600
29-room bouse, clears' $200 $2100
"....". e 16-ROOM HOUSE :
New. fine furniture
Clears $150 .\
Price, $1400
CCS other bargains from $50 to $10,000.
H. a DECKER,
1020 Market st. opposite Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent,
719 Market St.- by Call bldg.; tel. Black 1803.
22 rooms; 14 large bay windows; a corner; 3
blocks north of Market; ock furniture: clears
!M? a month above'' all expenses; rent $105. .$1400
17 rooms; all men: rich carpets; north of Mar-
ket Et.; elegant furniture; clears $70 a month.
11 rooms; rent $3S; oak furniture; mortgage
$37S; dears $3£; exchange for small house. .$700
Call at office for list Above are only samples.
LOjrj^ING^HOTjSEg^ FOR v SALE~Con.
aTcamerojT&^co^ "*" "" ~s~.
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23, Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to »eli list with us. We have cash customers
fox all sizes and prices. See list of bargains. .
42 r. cor.: rent: $100; lease 6 yrs.: car., fur.
8 year* old- $1900
82 r. cor.; rent $105; good house; clears $120. 1400
MONEY loaned on deferred payments; 1%%.
20 r. rent $60; good house; always full barg. 1000
18 r.: rent $85; good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
SO r. rent t«0; good houee; always talt: barg. 1000
Over S0O houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
You may buy any rooming-house in ¦
the city, and pay for It
to monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market: phone Folsom 1342.
1b rooms; price.... $5000 1 42 rooms; price $3300
86 rooms; price.... 1900 i 30 rooms; price.... 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only, $60; price. '750
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60; price — 1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
v or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 MARKET ST.
17 rooms; rent $30; Fourth st .$875
26 rooms; fine corner: rent $90 1375
SO rooms; new; cheap rent .....1375
, Bo rooms; rent $100; part cash 2100
.25 rooms; fine sunny corner; only 1900
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st (near Fifth Bt.).
Phone Mint 'OIL
LODGING house, 20 rooms, $325. Call at 105
New Montgomery st. • • '
SPIRITUALISM.
M^s7^TT~\VHITNKr^
* Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures Bick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 246L
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium; advice
in all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles 8un.. Wed., Frl. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night, 8:15 sharp;
sittings 10 to 4. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. nARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let- |
ters read, 10c; readings, 50c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual meeting 8:15 p.
m., 10c;bringseaIedquestions.305Larkln;take el.
GOING away 25th; developing circle to-night;
readings daily 50c, $1. Arnold Dickson, 148 6th.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: cir. Tues., Frl., 8
p. m. ; Wed., 2:30 p. m.; 10c; meet, daily, 50c.
MRS. LESTER, 14S Sixth, room 12; circle to-
nlght, 10c; truthful" readings dally, 50c and $1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. W. H. MONTAGUE.
CLAIRVOYANT and PALMIST,
Is In San Francisco, using his strango and
mysterious powers for the benefit of mankind.
Montague's thousands of written testimonials
from all over the world are proof of his won-
derful knowledge.' He gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, courtship, marriage
and divorce; causes speedy and happy mar-
riage. The earth reveals to him the hidden-
treasures in her bosom; he locates mines, in-
terprets dreams, tells of your friends and en-
emies, removes evil influences, settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated, gives advice
pertaining to lawsuits, everything; charges In
reach of all; reception room 14, 1104 Market st.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located "at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium' and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
luckj" reunites the separated; makes harmony
In your home; gives accurate advice on all
business affairs; investments.mining.oll; reajd-
ings by mail : send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. ,-
Consult MMB. MONTAGUE, eminent clair-
voyant and scientific palmist; gives advice on
business, epeculations, investments, sickness,
law. divorce; gives truthful revelation in all
love affairs: reunites the separated; no fail-
ure. 1382 Market St., opposite Seventh.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally ancj Sunday. . .-
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215'^ Sixth st.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mi son st, medium;
teaches palmistry and rr lnd telegraphy; ad-
vice on all business; 4 questions by mall, $1;
hours, 12 to 8.
MME. PORTER, wonderfu clairvoyant & card
reader, born with doublt veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with lit; reading; ladies 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Baylor, queen of tlalrvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail \L
1511% Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1033.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of hitman destiny; never
falls; 25c and 50c. 1203 1 Ilssion St., cor. 8th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gyjsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently Iocs ted 1118 Market, op. |
- 6th; private readings dail r, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. j
MRS. DR. VALEEN, olair , palmist; advice on I
all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magn >tlsm. 1523^. Market.
MRS.- BROWN, clairvojant, card reader;
ladies 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth St.
MME, AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no p: y; 25c. 1149 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card rea< er from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st, n ;ar Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-knov n clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German sp< ken;tel.Howardl848.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium:
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; !0c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. HANSEN, card re; der, . palmist; past,
present and future; 25c. 108 6th st., 2d floor.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairv oyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448<£ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads 11 Te fluently; business
. advice; names given: 25c jp. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING J JVD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Teham a st. ; teL South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3e; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-t sating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrlsor ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Cai pet-beating Worke,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; tele phene East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WA -tfOM, Proprietor.
•JONES & CO., reliable can et cleaners and ren-
ovators. 26- 27 -Eighth st tal. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam *Carpet-beatl lg Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CARPF.TS cleaned at the lc rest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st ; telep lone Jessie 944.
JFPICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency,
room 85, 916 Market st. — Experienced, reason-
able, trustworthy. '.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ag sney— No charge un-
lesa successful. Room 31( , 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$8— COTTAGE, 4 rooms;. yard! 1705 . Turk *t~,
near Scott. ' ¦
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTA u CLINIcTioTMar^
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg. ,• you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractiots free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
' p. m. J. W. THATCHER M. D.,- Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crc ran, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
. wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; 'prices
' cheapest and guaranteed lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; 1< west rates. : ¦•
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 '. Cearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crov ns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% G_ ry.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates 6 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dent st,' third floor, 1 Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DEKTISTS~Con<lnned.
A— NEW unbreakable plate. ". the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices in " 8. i F.' Painless extraction,
50o. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Bt., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business ; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South SSI-
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.-*
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an . accredited preparatory
school" for the - university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HIGH school • students— The Weekly Geometry
Papers make home study easy; circulars. 3040
Sixteenth st
INSTRUCTOR of experience will coach in
Greek. Latin, mathematics; references. Ad-
dress box 22C9, Call offioe, Oakland. ,
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell Bt.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1S64. "Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $80. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Et.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, . 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt., S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. IOCS Mission St., nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'b Elfctrlc Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42C.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A GERMAN woman with a girl of 7 wishes sit-
uation as cook or housekeeper; city or short
distance in country. • Call 550 Stevenson- st,
bet. Sixth and Seventh. 10 to 4 o'clock.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced cook,
general housework, light washing, children's
care, San Francisco references, at your own
price. Call 10 to S, 603 Washington st. .
RELIABLE woman wishes position general
housework; city or short distance in the
country. Address 140 Page st. ; call for two
days. . •
HOUSEKEEPER by Eastern woman; elderly:
used to children; good cook and laundress;
capable to do entire work of small family;
wages $15. Box 3908, Call office.
HOUSEWORK wanted by a middle-aged wo-
man; understands it thoroughly; good refer-
ences. S14 Howard st^ ¦¦ '
RELIABLE girl, speaks German, wishes situa-
tion at general housework and cooking; ref-
erences. B. C, box 3905, Call office.
YOUNG Vidow. 21, from East, wishes position
as housekeeper. Address box 4334, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do cook-
ing and assist In general work. 1203 Mission
st, corner Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position in
private family; no housework; Jewish family
pref erred. MRS. L. M., 3S27 Twenty-third st.
STRONG woman wants work from 8 a. m.
until. 4 p. m., laundry or housework; 75c;
references. 1537 Mission St., store.
YOUNG lady wishes position as copyist. Ad-
dress 526 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework; is a competent housekeep-
er. 138 Fifth st, bet. Howard and Mission.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• ¦ eubscriptions , has been established at 1096
I Valencia st. '
I
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
PHYSICIAN from the Ea«t wishes position an
assistant or nurse, or attendant; also a mas-
seur; full line of instruments. Box 4462, Call.
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether In hotel; best references, -242 Natoma
St., basement.
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position in
grocery store or saloon; good references. Box
3904, Call office. * '
POSITION as Janitor or porter wanted by
young man: experienced; references. Box
3906, Call office.
YOUNG man, steady and reliable; good driver;
understands care of horses and stock* and
handy with tools. Aadress box 3909. Call.
BY thoroughly competent engineer; 15 years'
experience around mine hoist and mills, der-
rick hoist and pumps of all kinds; handy
with all kinds of tools; must be permanent
place, as he is married and doesn't like mov-
ing. Address Engineer. 7S1 Mission st.
WANTED— A situation by a married man to
do teaming or taking care of horses; can give
good references. Box 4429, Call.
WANTED — Situation by young man In whole-
pale or retail clothing; experienced In both.
Box 4395, Call. ¦ ' ¦ .
GOOD butcher wishes situation in city. Box
4326. CaU office. ¦ " ¦..¦¦¦-,
AMERICAN, 13 years' '. experience in railway
construction in Philippines, Slam and (China,
wishes employment, Mexico or other Spanish
American country; track and ¦ bridge work
specialty; speaks Spanish. H. E., Cosmo-
. politan Hotel, room 11.
GERMAN wlnemalfer and keeper would like
to get a place in the city or country as cel-
lar master or assistant; has 15 years'. Califor-
nia experience; can give good references. Ad-
dress E.'P.. St. George Hotel, 3U Kearny.
WANTED by first-class accountant, position
as bookkeeper, accountant or general office
work: can arive best of references. Address
box 44S0. Call office.
JAPANESE boy want3 some situation a por-
. tion of the day, between 6 and 8 a. m.; good
pay. "The New World," 1016 Powell st.'.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ¦ has been established at 109(5
Valencia Et. - -¦'.'¦'-.. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EXCHANGE.
WISH ¦ to exchange good real estate in San
Jose; well improved: 6 50-varas, with large
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit; price $10,000;
for San Francisco property. Box -4313, Call.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan bldg..
Market st — Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale or want; registration
frae; Insurance and loans. , :.? '
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows . and mattresses : steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 . Valencia
st;- phone Capp 2682. ¦ " ; . . --
~~"~ FLATS "WANTED." — —
WANTED— Near the park or In desirable part
• of Mission, below Twentieth ,st, . furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
rent reasonable. Address immediately box
4457, , Call office. •,.-..' -..,...'
WANTED— A nice furnished flat of 4 rooms
' for man and wife; .must be modern: central
location. Address box 4-131, CaU office.
FLATS TO LET.
$25—1018 CHURCH st ; furnished sunny flat for
2 months; piano; gas stove. MADISON &
•OTRKE. ,- ¦¦-.-, ¦ . '- .
FINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath ; ; all modern; large
. back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 P'ne at. . -
LOWER flat, 8 rooms, with, large yard and
stables. 2 Hayward st. off Harrison, nr. 8th.
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms \ and bath. 1743
¦¦' Hayes st.. near the park; rent $14.
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. 1L720 Hyde st. j rent
,'$17. .'¦ .¦ .-'¦- . - ¦¦>', ;. . - - ': :
BEFORE moving drop a postal to 925% Folsom
' st; we buy anything you don't care to move.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
- FURNITURE .WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture.
¦ merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. -, .
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. S28 Howard et. ¦¦
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
' furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES. *~
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP "WANTED FEMALE.
:. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Seamstress, hotel, country, see party here. $20
' Waitress, summer resort, see party here. ..$20
Chambermaid, same place $20
5# waitresses, springs, resort and commer-
• cial hotels ...?20 to $25
3 waitresses, same resort, Santa Cruz. ....$25
Head waitress .......:... ..$35
Protestant girls. Institution $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any girl or woman looking for a position for
housework, second work, nurseglrl, - city or
country, best of wages paid, apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
3 WOMEN ironers for Southern California* $35".
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— MRS. M. E. DAY.... ...335 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, south, fares pa'd ..$25
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fares paid $20
2 waitresses, first-class resort, near city... $20
12 waitresses, city and country hotels. $20
3 chambermaids to wait, city and country.. $25
.FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook (no washing), country, $30, fare paid;
second girl and seamstress, no sweeping, $20;
cook, $25; second. $20; French second girl, $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY.. 335 Geary et.
WANTED— First-class laundress for family of
2, country, short distance, see lady in our
office this forenoon, wages $30; Scandinavian
cook, $35; ironer, $30; 10 waitresses for hotels
and restaurants $20 to $30; cook for summer
resort $33; cook,' plain wash, for Alameda
$30. ¦ Stockton $80; seamstress, institution,
$25 50; girls for all kinds of general house-
work, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT &ygO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK; also chambermaid, institution, country;
wages $35 and $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GIRL for light housework and'asslst in care of
baby at Ross Valley, near San Rafael. Call
Saturday between 11 and 3 o'clock at 2831
Laguna st., near Union.* city. ,
NEAT, competent . girl for general housework
and cooking; 3 In family; no washing; 'wages
$20. Apply at 1013 Green St., near Leaven-
•worth. between 11 a. m. and 5 p.m. to-day.
50 OPERATORS on Bilk and wool waists: good
pay; steady work. S. JT. M. Co.; 623 Market.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl;
must understand cooking and housework.
317 Larkln st.
YOUNG girl to assist In- light housework;
wages $12; Bleep at home. Call 1280 Eddy st.
after 9 a. m.
YOUNG lady wanted; one accustomed to mak-
ing bills on the typewriter. Box 4393, Call.
WANTED — Girl with reference to assist in
housework; wages $20. 1623^Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market st,
upstairs. ¦ ' --
GIRL for general house-work. 516 Golden Gate
avenue.
GIRL wanted to do light housekeeping. 206
Minna st. ; call Sunday. ;
WANTED — "Woman accustomed to care of sick. ;
Box 3901. Call office. . • !
GIRL to assist In housework; reference re-
qulred. Inquire at 1231 Folsom st.
WANTED— A * good first-class waitress at 304
Mason st. ; wages $8 a week.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 211 Fourth St.;
wages $15 and board and room.
COMPETENT waitress. 612 Kearny st.
GIRL for light housework. 1318 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl to assist patching sacks. 238
Fulton st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; 4 in
family; wages $12. Call morning at 2450 Bush.
WOMAN or girl for housework; no cooking;
small family; good' home. 614 Eddy st
"WANTED — German or Swedish girl for general
housework; two in family; good wages. Call
between 9 and 12 a. m., 620 Green st. !
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do
housework and cooking; wages $20. Apply or
address 144S Benton st.. Alameda.
WANTED— Experienced girls; also -appren-
. tices, wages from start. WEMPE BUOS.'
par.er box factory, 121-127 Mission St.. '
WANTED— A Danish 'housekeeper. 1127 Ne-
braska st. • •
WANTED— First-class button-hole maker; high
wages. 927 Market st, room 623. -
GIRL, good scholar, to learn typesetting.
MERKI. 1008 Mission St.
WANTED— A talloressto work with first class
coat maker. 313 Grant avenue.
EXPERIENCED lady bookkeeper; state sal-
ary expected and references. Box 4437 Call..
COMPETENT girl for cooking; wages $25; ref-
erences.- i 11S0 O'Farrell st. *•
WANTED — Experienced waitress: also girls
to learn waiting on table. 725 Market st.
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work; wages $25.-2314 California. 2 to 5 p. m.
GIRLS wanted at Contra Costa Laundry, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oakland..
WANTED— A girl for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. Call 9 to 11, morns. 926 Eddy.
GIRLS wanted. Bookbindery, 636. Clay. at.^
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn; no fee. 127 Mason st.
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
-.Valencia st." \ '' •. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receU ed at Call' branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. H-^TSEN & CO.'S... 104 GearjTst
Railroad work." Railroad work.
FREE FARE! FREE FARE1
FOR TRUCKEE: -
100 teamsters and laborers.
- -_-- FOR NEVADA. . .
100 teamsters and laborers $2.00
FOR COAST ROAD.
100 laborers, ballasting ¦ gang. 1.75
Lob Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions.
FOR UKIAH. . .
150 teamsters and laborers...... t.. 2.00
B0 axmen and sawyers, $2 2.25
, FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
CO headers and drillers, $2.25.... 2.50
100 muckers and laborers, $1.75 2.00
E0 outside drillers and laborers, $1.75 .. 2.00
- Free Fare!- Ship To-day 1 Fre» j Fare!
80 axmen, choppers and crosscutters for clear -
•ing right of way, $2. to $2.25 a day. ."^"
50 laborers, company work, ¦ country, 53 25. .
10 farmers; $1.25 a dny; 10 milkers, $30 and $25.
Blacksmiths, $2 and $3; .wheelwrights, $2 and
S3. - . ¦¦•- .;.'¦.¦¦•.:¦¦• .,;
Two . farmers and wives, .$40; /stablemen,
. choremen and ; others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ' \
Head .' laundryman, country . hotel ; kitchen
" crew for resort, $120; barber, country hotel,
' $10 a week and found; attendants, cook, in-
stitution, $40; baker for railroad camp, $40;
free fare; short order cook, $50; broiler,
1 country 1 .hotel, $55; fry; cook, $65; second
• cook, north, $35 and fare; dishwashers, ho-
¦*'-tels and resorts, $30'and $25. . . .
Two waiters for watering resort, $30; waiter
., - for springs, $30; yardman, •¦ resort, ' $25 ; sll-
vertiian, resort," $25;. two hotel porters, coun-
tiy, ??5. -¦¦.- • >• : . . ' ¦-" ' . ¦'- •"¦ -.-
Ten colored extra waiters, country hotel r . $1.50
a day, and- fare both. ways. -. ' •
t C. R.. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A BOOKKEEPER; must be a stenographer and-
typewriter, for. country hotel, $35 and found, i
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at. v j
HOTEL cook. . $30; second- cook I for camp, • $40;
restaurant cook, country, $40; man and wife '-
for resort, $35; waiters, dishwashers and oth- r
ers. J. F. CROSETT & eO., 628 Sacramento. -X
AMERICAN driver for milk wagon; 15 farm-t
ers, | $1 . and $1 25 ' day and I $30 | and found ; S -
milkers, $30 and found; cheesemaker. for small''
dairy;; man about- place, $25 and found;
coachman, $35 and found; stableman for milk-*
¦ man, $35; teamsters, $2 day, and many others. ""-
-. J." F.' CROSETT & CO.,": 628 Sacramento.: . 1
-¦ ¦"¦ g ELP WANTED— MA LR— 47nn.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 684S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
_, Office open 7 a. m. to-day. ¦
Free fare« ....to Free far*
UKIAH-UKIAH.
W teamsters, Ukiah. $2 day. free fare
.60 laborers, Ukiah $3 day. frea fare
— LOS ANGELES.
Santa Barbara .....Surf Dlv.
- !? men< S - p - **• R..Co.'b own work, Jl 75 to
$2 25 day.:. tree fare
„ ,- SANTA FE R. R. CO.
50 laborers, different divisions of Santa Fe
system, $175 day :.... ...free fare
We ship morning, noon and night
. / MECHANICAL HELP.
"Carriage blacksmith, a hours' work." for
Washington, $3 60 day, see boss here; car-
j rlage blacksmith, $3 day; can solderer for
packing house, $2 day; ranch blacksmith, J40
and fd.; horseshoer, Alameda Co., $2 50 day;
blacksmith helper, $40 and f d. ; 7 blacksmiths
and horseshoers, different country places;
camp blacksmith. Shasta Co.. $3 day; car-
riage painter, woodworker, etc.
TEAMSTERS,
MINES LABORERS. WOODS
2 single-hand miners, south. $30 and f d. ;
furnace man. $65; 10 laborers, same mine,
surface work; 15 strong: laboring men, no ex-
¦ perience, gold mine, $00 and fd.
10 muckers, large mine ...*. J75
150 quarrymen and drillers .'...$2 50 day
10 laborers, new ditch work, north... $2 25 day
6 laborers to handle freight $40 and fd.
60 teamsters,- minim; district Amador
• •• ; $2 and $2 25 day
15 woodsmen, large company.. $40 to $65 & fd
. 10 laborers, sawmill company, $40; 6 laborers,
build roads. $30 and fd. : 5 laborers, sawmill
company. San Mateo Co., $30 and $40 and
fd.; 25 men, pile cord wood, peel bark, etc.,
large company; 2 boys for machine shop,
Jl 50 day; choreman, Institution, J20; stable-
man, vineyard company, $30; 8 stablemen,
country; milk I wagon driver; 5 deck hands.
$40. I
MARRIED HELP.
Man and wife, orchard company. .$50 and fd
Farmer and wife to cook 12 men..J50 and fd.
HAY. HARVEST. ETC.
6 wheat bucke, $53 and found; 175 men for
hay and harvest work. $1 23 to $2 day and
found; 15 men for steady farm jobs; . 27
orchard and vineyard, farmers; 5 pruners,
apricot trees, $26 and found; 5 hay balers, 20c
ton; 10 milkers, $30 to $40 and found: 27
choremen and boys; 3 cattle herders, fare
Jl, $30 and found
BUTCHERS— HOTEL DEPT.
Butcher, country shop, $40 and fd.; 2 wait-
ers, mine, $30; cook 6 men, oil camp, south,
$30; Ironers, country laundry. $30 and $40;
ranch cooks, $25 and $30; 15 cooks, city and
country: 9 waiters, country; baker, $60; por-
ter, kitchen hands, etc.
MURRAY & READY .634-636 Clay St.
A— BOILERMAKER for a large company:
country; $3 60 day; steady job. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st. ; phone Bush 403.
100. R. R. laborers S. P. Co.'s own work.
L. A. and Santa Barbara division;
No. experience required.
$1 office fee; no other expense.
FREE FARE, SHIP DAILY, FREE FARE.
Harvest hands $2 per day and board
Lumber pliers $35 per month and board
Blacksmith, country $3 per day
8 men for rock work $2 25 per day
Carriage and sign painter; long job;
. country town |2 60 per day and board
.6 sawmill men... .$30 to $35 month and board
3 miners to r^in air drills $3 25 per day
3 men to feed hay press, $2 50 to $3 par day;
4 teamsters, city
2 milkers, 25 cows, $30 per mo., see boss here.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
50 R. R. laborers. Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 50 laborers for lumber mill ship
Monday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
. country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Pantryman, resort, $25; 2 colored waiters, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union — ¦
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207. "
' I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
"WANTED— Large boys, not under 15 years of
age, of good family, who want to. learn ,
crockery business. Apply at 8 o'clock . this
(Friday) evening at 130 Sutter St.. NATHAN-
DOHRMANN CO. ;
BOY, 12 to 18. to make himself generally use-
ful in office and around wholesale house. Ad-
dress In own handwriting, giving age and ex- '¦
perience, if any, and wages expected, R. S..
box 3907. Call office.
BOY for office; must write good hand; refer-
ences required. Apply to W. O. WAYMAN,
420 California St., after 3 p.'m.', Saturday; not '.
before. s - : .
WANTED— Young man for delivery wagon;
must understand care of horses and be well
acquainted with city; bring references. S.
F. ROCHDALE CO.. 1896 Mission St.
MAN and wife or 2 women, one cook and the
other chambermaid, for the country. Call at
18 East at.
EDITOR-REPORTER, having good business
tact, by wide-awake Interior newspaper. Box
3903. Call office.
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. .'..
BOY to work in a laundry. Apply 251 Jessie.
St., near Fourth. . ¦ - ...
WANTED— A young butcher at 2004 Polk st,
near Pacific.
WANTED— 8 musicians. Call this morning. 1327
Market St., room 3.
BOY wanted; not over 16 years; $3 per week.
Pacific Electric Motor Co., 1 1S3 Jessie st.
WANTED— Driver ' solicitor for dyeing and
cleaning on commission. Call 5 Brady st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 3095 Sixteenth' St., near
Valencia. . <
WANTED — Dishwasher and cook at 1506 Ken-
tucky st, Potrero./
WANTED — 10 apprentices for machinist trade.
Apply 411 Market st.
DRUG clerk wanted. Inquire at 603 Montgom-
ery st. ' !
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 756 Howard st '
EXPERIENCED milk-wagon driver with ref-
erences; wages $45 and found. 1507 Broderlck. | '.
WANTED— Waiter from 5:30 a. m. to 2 p. m.
210 Townsend st. - '.
WANTED— Blacksmith on wagon work. 537 •
Brannan st. . ' . !
WANTED — A young and strong ¦ waiter to wait
at table and carry out tray orders. 135 Ellis. !
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half •
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. •
STRONG boy to drive: $5 to begin. Call be- ¦
fore 8 a. m. at 1042 Golden Gate ave. ;
GOOD barber for Saturday; good wages. 623 ¦
Clay st. . . \ :
"WANTED — A tailor on custom-made coats. 14 •
Harriet st. . " <
WANTED— A shoemaker to call at 939% Mis- •
slon st. for custom repairing. 3
100 MEN for "Michael Strogoff" at Central ¦
Theater. Stage door at 3 p. m. _,. 1
CARRIAGE pamter wanted. H." HORTOP. •
Rutherford, Cal. '
DISHWASHER wanted; $15 and found. 1224 !
Point iLofcos ave., Geary-st. c,ars.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only '
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our, '
method; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special .
Inducements this month. Call or write at '
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st. ' •
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade; spe-
cial Inducements; situations guaranteed after '
.8 weeks' practice; call or write at once for J
special Vpfer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE, 625 Clay st.
A GOOD reliable young man to deliver In city
for wholesale house; good pay to right party;
references. Call at .2782 22d St., Sunday bet
10 and 12 a. m. '
THE Boston Institute of Autoshavlng— We
- teach men the art of self-shaving; terms rea- -
¦ sonable; office hours 10 to 12 a, m., 1 to 4
and 6 to 8 p. m. j 105 Ellis st., room 31.
WANTED-At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
| elation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know -
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still -<
- runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 180 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Cigar clerk; good wages; must be
acquainted in. city; references wanted. Ad-
. dress box 4428. CaU office. ' '¦'_...- ;
BOY ; wanted in wholesale dry goods house;
1 state references and wages wanted. Box- 4461
CaU office.
WANTED— Experienced domestio salesman; -
state age,- experience and salary expected. 3
Address box 4443, Call office.
FREE HOMES......:.. SOLDIERS'
Declaratory statement)* filed at 630 Market
St. SMITH & HOWE. '- .
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
. Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
Q. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg., SOS Market.
WANTED — A . good photographer and router.
Address- box 4438, Call office. '
.WANTED — Cellar . man for wine and liquor ;
house; state references. .Box 4427 Call office.
i BRIGHT boy ' about 17 for errands and store *
j work.' Box 4321. Call . office. '
¦ BARBER ' Saturday, afternoon and . Sunday; ¦
steady--- 1546 Park St.; Alameda.
GET your 7 shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
i to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts..
i YOUNG man to drive milk wagon. 816 Treat
. ave. ;' German preferred.-
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth st. , San Rafael. , Tel. Red 15.
. GOOD boy who understands bookbinding.- MY- 1
I SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st.
HELP .WANTE D— MALE— Con.
EXPERIENCED diamond and -Jewelry sales-
man (permanent), city; state references. Box
4449, Call office. ; ¦
WANTED— BOO men to buy now and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & FERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 60c. 241 Third st. . -;•¦¦: :^
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. .
MEN to learn barber, trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard at .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.-
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * ' *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
f -'
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
, 827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. '
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred.
' broken to saddle and harness; - lady drives
. him; cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a |50 horse. 125 Geary st.
FINE matched teams, suitable for carriages
and doctors' teams ; 7 4 single horses. Thlr-
teenth and Harrison sts.
"WANTED— Good single-footer, 5 to 8 years old.
weight about 1000 pounds. Union Stock Yard,
Thirteenth and Harrison sts.
GOOD horse and good O'Brien cart: also one
mule; cheap. 238 Fulton st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EQAN — SON. 2117 Mission at
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
' HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
try *t. room 23.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
J12— HOUSE of 5 rooms; yard. 543 Stevenson j
St.. opposite new postofflce. ¦ j
INSTANTANEOUS "WATER HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes' at cost of 214c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on Installments;
call and see it In operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— Scotch collie bitch. Tuesday evening,
July 9, on last Hyde-st. car; liberal reward.
Return to 447 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Cocker spaniel; collar and tag; reward.
3651 Twentieth st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet Powell and Mason.
_ , - 3IATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN 'wishing to^m^rTy^ealUiyTadTes
send 10c for latest list. MRS.HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest- work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. ¦
MINES AXD MIXIXG.
TAILINGS and dumps wanted; correspondence
Invited respecting complex gold ores. Box
4452. Call office.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
> IN TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
' Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale— for
removal— our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with
traveling cranes. Risdoa Iron Works, Beale
and Howard sts. . -
AIR ccmsresscr. 3 sizes. 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mlnlna cars. Dumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water cower. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A "-horsepower gas engine, still in fairly good '
working order. Apply J. J. PFISTER.CC,
412 Polk st., or 60 Geary st.
50.000-GALLON redwood tank and frame; 3. 4
and 6 Inch pise; second hand. THOMPSON, 40
Main »t.
A— $2 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, SI 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery St.
A— 2, S AND 25 horsepower gasoline engines;
latest model. Address box 4373, Call office.
LITTLE black and tan male dog. 13 months
old, cheap. 502 Fulton st., cor. Octavia.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand ; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 CO. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
ALL unused check stamps bought; 2c; loose or
Imprinted; also all documentary and proprie-
tary stamps. R. GARVEY. 1008 Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
' MEDICAL. ~ "
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
«btain results promptly; I treat ladles only
my regulator has no equal; all clasres of le-
. male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain-
no other treatment #irill do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 nlonths' suppository treatment J4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126" Market st, S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed "to giva in-
stamt relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped- no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. ¦ DR. WYETH has removed from Post st
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist- 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
DR. and Mrs, Davle3, 122S Market; our regula-
tor Is a treatment superior to others has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering and despondent women-
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.'
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult free
MRS. DR. -ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
T.' DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MONEY TO LOAX.
First, second and third mortgages """
Undivided interest In real estate in" probate'
-Mortgages and legacies -bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rat*s which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. ,906 Market st.
DEAL direct:- furniture, pianos; no removal-
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister!
MOXF.Y TO LOAN-— Contlnn«fa.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests: corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN - OLSEN.
IFYOURPROPERTY . ig . MoRToAGEi)
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc. _]
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
B t. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HA RPER, 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 88.
MOST reliable place to *°T™Z-?? r d l a y m ! ? nd^-
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth :
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan "on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sanaome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
821 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndonwr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
3IOXEY WA5TED._
WANTED- Loan $1000 for 1 year at 12 per cent'.
good security. Box 4456, Call office.
MPSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FACT worth remembering— that we are offer-
ing you 20 and 30 per cent discount on ail
pianos purchased this month from us; we
•sell not only pianos but the Olympic music
boxes on easy payments; you have this ad-
vantage if you trade with us— we do not taka
away the instrument if you are not able to
pay regularly; we don't do business that way;
come and see us and get prices and terms.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Mar-
ket et. ._
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 anil
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and.
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO., S33 Market «t.
op. Mason (branch 951 Oakland).
Steck. Ever/tt, Hardman, Ludwig, Packard
and other High-grade pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price;- costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLEIt & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, $75. $123. $143. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chlckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes: great bargain; S30 up; rent* $2
up allowed: we want agenta; pianos furnished
free: you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. ?
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at _ Turk st., near Junc-
tlon Mason. Market & Turk; largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
BARGAINS— Halnes, J200; Kramer, $135: Nteu-
mann. $140; Cable. $175. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood btillding.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Hamilton
and Spellmann pianos. 30S Post st.
PARTY going to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
- some 3-pedal upright piano. 782 Ellis st.
TWO uprignt pianos left on sale; Fisher, $93;
Chlckering, J1S5. Room 38, 217 Geary st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMIT2, 16 McAllister St.
A SPLENDID Stelaway; uprights. $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post st
$S0— FINE upright; ba£y grand Steinway; other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory, 1723 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'3, 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes at.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
Allister st "
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
328 PACIFIC st. — Handsome, large store, cheap;
also 810 Sansome, store $6 per month.
23 CLEMENTINA— Store and 4 large, pleasant
rooms; large yard; cheap rent; key upstairs.
LIGHT, cheerful offices ; $15 and $20. Emma
Spreckel3 building, 927 Market st
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
gjzes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, rell-
ablework. Clark's. 808 Larkin: tel. Larkln 106a
PALMISTRY, i ~
MES. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 908 Market st
H. JEROME FOSELLJ, scientific palmist. 51S
Taylor at., bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 5&L
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted to go hunting, buying fur»T
etc.. In Mexico. Box 4472. Call office.
__________ _
A— EPWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at 224 Post st. near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairdressing or
baths. 25c. All visitors welcome.
A— IF you hair is falling or you are bald, call
. on DJt. G. S. MOORE. 483 Geary St. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
JULY 11. 1901.— I hereby give notice that I will
not be responsible for any debts contracted by
my wife. IDA B. LAUGHLAND, as she ha».
left my bed and board.
W_. LAUGHLAND.
A LETTER of advice to ADOLPH VTLLE-
MEUR— Think of home; write or communi-
cate with mother and father; Ilka to hear
from you ADOLPH. Your mother.'
RAG carpets wove to order and for sal«; al«o
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland!
—LECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms-
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, lilt
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1313 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st:
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
fcold. J.Sliverman. 984 Folsom:tel. Folaom 1191.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pa»ts. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush an J Dupont
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market ,'.
< gS!S5h^£g^_5J
I) i t t J SSSFS?S^Ss palat - *•THE FKANCISCO s CALti,vFKIDAY, JULY/ 12,,1901.
DODGEVILLE, Wis., July "lL"— Steward
Jelff, alias H; ; C. .; "Winter, has pleaded
guilty to robbing. the First National Bank
at Mineral , Point ; of '* $26,000 .; on Mav 24.
Jelff was : sentenced to ¦ a • term . of - from
four to v ten ¦. years, . according . to . deport
ment." ' The i money was ¦ all recovered, i --:.. -y *
Light Sentence for Bank Thief.
•¦ [ Thursday, July 11.
: Br »hlp Clan Graham, Mclntyre, . 43 . days
from Santa Rosalia. : '. • -
.. .;, ..DOMESTIC PORT. ; -
! SEATTLE— Sailed July 11— Stmr ' Rainier, for
Whatconv =•
• -OCEAN STEAMERS.
• LIZARD— Passed '- July 11— Stmr ; La ~Cham-^
pagne, from New York, : for Havre.
BROWHE AD— Passed • July 11— Stmr Taurlc,
fr6m New York, for Liverpool. - .
ARRIVED,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
. GRAND HOTEL.
J W Winton. Vallejo
Sam Flint, Cal • ¦
L Feeney & w, Salinas
JD William*. Cal
L Gilbert, Berkeley
G S Beadle. Oakland
R Sheeny, Merced
T S Page, NY
J H Gardner, Cal
G S Waterman, Bksfld
O Scribner, Bksfleld .
A J Bledsoe, Uklah
W D Macdougall, Win
nipeg ,
E L Howell, Winnipeg
"& Lyons, N Y
Mrs E- Wilson. Los A
F W Young, Los Ang
L J Chrisby. Sulsun
B F Rush, Suisun
E Johnson, Los Ang •
Harriette. Searle, Neb
Alice S Lyman,. Des
teolnes ¦
G W, Randle, Sacto
L Sears, Chteago
C H Epgert, Seattle
D P Johns, Seattle
Miss M Hawkins, Cal
WE Hawkins, Cal -
F E Woodruff & w,
Iowa
A K Sloan, Pa J
H RCoate. Los Ang
W D Crlbbs, Los Ang
Dr G C Somers, L Ang
CEHuber, Los Ang
Mrs. J A Castlett, LA
C Rogers, Astoria
Margaret Lennon, St
Paal .
A K Yost, Minn
F R Parker. St Paul
J Boman, Fresno
Lena Yost. Minn
M E Fuller, St Paul
S M Rohr. Sta Rosa
Dr T A Keables, Cal
H A Schram.St Helena
Ethel Rail. Ohio
D C Blackburn, Ventra
R M Luninir Los Ang
J Smith, Nev
C H Sawyer, L Gatos
W H Sebastian,. Cal
A H Gates, St Louis
M Austin & w. Chics-,
G F Atkins & w, Cal
F C Innes, Sul Creek
J Jacobs, .Monterey
Mrs M H Binford, Neb
Mrs R Binford, Nebr
T A Rice, Oxnard
Mrs Brown & dau,
Santa Clara
PALACE HOTEL.
E P Lewis & w, Berkly
C M Reynolds, S Rafael
E H Eenjaman, Oakia
B H Brooks, Bksfleld
W R Zurich Chicago
F S Hubbell & w,- N
Mex :
Miss T Samson, N Mex
S M Toplitz, NY,
J F Farraker, Yreka
H Lindely, Klamathon
O B Smith, Pine Flat
CD Porter.' Spokane
C L Hibbard, Chicago
W S Howard. Keswick
-A'L Craig, Portland
A M Johnson & w. N Y
A Gerlach & w. Qua
- temala i ¦
E . Trampe. Guatemala ;
Mrs E Wilson. Los A
' F Youns. • Los Ang ; : ¦*' ;
'A Zeisman &. w.Germy
H B Howland. ; Duluth :
P J Donohue & w, S >
Lake ' ¦ *<¦¦ •
-W H Holabird.Los A !
. E S Bnbcock. S Barba \
A Twyman, 111 * : :. : I '
T Flint' & w, S Juan : \
B U Steinman, Sacto
E E Devlin & w,' Win
nipeg
A S Pollitz. NY
Miss Thompson, Ind "
J' F Glover. Ind
F T Herron, Los Ang
J H Rice. Los Ang
Mrs E E Baloche, Cal
Miss Edwards ' K City
R C Klrkwood. Cal
M R Kirkwood, Cal
W 8 Dreer. Phila
J Will & w, Queensbrg
AC Harmon, Val Bprga
H Sengstaeken, Mans
¦-field
H Robinson, NY
D H Bteinmetz,: Cal
G I Luf kin. Mo
E Spielvogel. . N Y
C F Braffett, Chicago
W Goodmsjgi. N Y
D C Twitchell, Conn
WVDWood. NY
B N White," Spokane
M Kahn. Philadelphia
BE Shear. Denver
R J- Andrews, Reno
Endora Mather, Arls
Margaret Gaiian to Patrick Furlong, lot on
W line of Ninth avenue, 50 S of I street, S
50 by W120; ?10. ~
Constant Haib'.e to Charles Herold, lot on
E corner of Laidley and Miguel streets, NE
37, SE 75. SW 90, N\V 89:3, block 14, Fair
mount; ?600.
Henry F. and Clara H. Blanchet to F. W.
Krenz, lot on NW line of Madrid street, 275
SW of Brazil avenue, SW 50 by NW 100, block
28, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Giuseppe Varni to Rocco Cereghino and (Gio
vanni Depaoli," all Interest In lot on NW cor
ner of East Lake and Niagara avenues. N 215,
E 150, SE 220, W 240, West End Map 1; $10.
Rocco CereKhino and Giovanni Depaoli to
Giuseppe Varni, all interest in lot on SE cor
ner of West Lake and Geneva avenues.
230, SW 190, NW 220, N to beginning, same;
$10. V
State of California (by Joseph H. Scott, Tax
Collector) (property assessed to Annie Laurie)
to J. J. Bowling, lot 806, Gift Map 2; $50.
Same by ! same (property assessed to Wil
liam McCartan) to same, lot on N line of J
street, 107:6 w of Thirty-second avenue, W
60 by N 100; $G0.
• Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Richard F.
Armstrong lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
123:3 S of Green street, E 6S by 29:3; $10.
•^Patrick T. and Margaret ¦ F.-, Duffy to John
P.'Duffy, lot on.W line of Olive court,~123 S of
Union street, S 25 by W 75; $1.
Abner Doble to Charles H. Waterman, lot on
N line of Union street. 57:6 E of Pierce, E 26:8
by N 100, to correct 1333, dee<ri8; $10.
Charles H. Waterman to James E. Cairns,
lot on N line of Unloi *reet, 59 E of Pierce,
E 25 by N 100; $1400. .
Richard H. McDonald to McDonald, Mattie
S.," Alice D. and Scott C. Spencer, lot on SW
corner of Page and Pierce streets, S 37 :S by W
1C6:3; also lot on SW corner of N"oe and Beaver
streets, S 32:6 by W 100; $ .
Patrick Cahill to Julius Soboslay, lot on N
line of Golden Gate avenue, 150 E of Devisa
dero street, E 30 by N 75; $10.
R. J. and Maria C. Pavert to same, lot on
NW corner of Golden Gate and Seymour ave
nues, ,W 30 by N 75, quitclaim deed; $10.
William H. Chapman and as trustee Patrick
Cahill, under deed in 1920 deed 43, to same, lot
on N line of Golden Gate avenue, 150 E of De
visadero street, E 30 by N 75; $14,500.
J. P. Martin to Anna R. Martin, lot on N line
of Washington street, 37:6'E of Walnut, E 66.S
by N 127:8i4: gift.
Christina F. Haake to- James P. and Martin
D. Coghlan, lot on W line of Chattanooga
street, E3S N of Twenty-second, N 26 by W 125;
$10. " ' ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Edgar L. Hoag to Felton Taylor, lot on SW
corner of- Castro and Valley streets, W 560. S
228. E 435, N 2S, E 125, N 200, to correct 1922,
deed 61. :
. Estate of David Roy, or Roi, by Alexander
Failles, -administrator, to Joseph Fletcher, lot
on SE line of South Park avenue, 327:6 NE of
Third street, SW 21 by SE 97:6; $3S00.
Bridget Hickey to John M. ¦ Hickey, lot on
W line of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska). 25 S
of Twenty-Hfth street (Yolo), B 75 by W 75;
gift. : ¦ ¦
Elkan H. Coney to E. C. Dempsey, lot on E
line of De Haro straet, 100 S of Twenty-fourth
(Sonoma). S 33:4 by E 100; $10.
Mary M. Rouleau to Henry Classen Jr., lot
on W line of .Mississippi street, 50 N of Army
(Colusa), N 50 by O 100; $10.
Oscar A. Rouleau to same, lot on NW corner
of Mississippi and Army streets, N 50 by W
100; ?10.
Archibald Lamburth to H. J. Rogers, lot on
NE corner of Louisiana and Twenty-second
(Sierra) streets, E 50 by N 100; also lot on NW
corner of Maryland and Twenty-second streets,
W 125 by N 100; $10.
Mary E. Dempsey (wife " of William J.) to
same same (2 pieces), quitclaim deed; $10. v
James and Augusta Boyd to Morris Levy,
lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 300 N
of Clement street. E 120 by N 25; $10.-^
B C and Elizabeth B. Hawes to William
J Landers, undivided half of lot on SE corner
of Point Lobos and Twenty-first avenues, E
53-4 by S 100; $10.
Albert Meyer to John Maison. lot on E line
of Nineteenth avenue. 200 S or H street, S 23
"ciasford t6 Ruth B. Aronsohn, lots 13S3
to 1385, gift map 3; $50. _ i •'
Ruth B. Aronsohn to Louis Estacallle, same;
$1 °" Builders' Contracts.
William Casement (owner) with John Glllog
ley (contractor), architect J. ; Welch— All
work for a two-story frame building (two tene
ments) on W. line or Old San Jose road, 90:3
SW Valley street. W : 98:11, S 29:10, E 85:4^.
NE 32 ' Homestead Association 38; $3300. i . .
¦ John G. Goeppert signed George Goeppert
(owner) with F. L., Hansen (contractor), archi
tects Dunn & Schroepfer— All work for a three
story attic and basement frame building ¦ (two
flats) on N line of Green street, 107:6 W of
Webster ' W 30 by N 137:6; $12,500. ¦
James Madison (owner) with Shanz & Grundy
(contractors), architects same as above—Plumb
ing sewers, gas fitting, etc., for a two-story
attic and basement frame building, on N line
of Vallejo street, 162:6 E of Flllmore, W 45, N
137:6 E 45. S 137:6; $1180. -
. Coleman Foley (owner) with George Letterell
and Henry F. Farry (contractors), architects
same as above— All work except mantels, - gas
fixtures and shades for a one and a half story
and basement frame building, on N line of
Colton street, 179 :6 E of Brady, E ; 27:10^ by
N 100; $1965. : - . ¦-- -
EEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California? rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second, foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. • B. Lippincott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OP BIVEES.
. Growers' Association convention, was oc
cupied With addresses by Governor Rich
ards, President Springer, of the National
Livestock Association, Prof a. Foster and
Nelson of the 'Wyoming University, Sec
retary Snow of the' State Board of Sheep
Commissioners, Hon. B. B. Brooks, Hon.
C. W. Burdick and others.
President Springer took an optimistic
view of the livestock Industry, which was
never in, a more prosperous condition than
now. He urged the election of members
to Congress who will be favorable to the
greatest of all industries, the growing of
livestock. He said that Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson had acceded; to the
wish of the association and would main
tain a livestock statistical bureau, statis
tics.to be gathered semi-annually. He also
said that the association would urge the
passage of a bill at the next session of
Congress compelling manufacturers to tag
all clothing so as to show the percentage
of shoddy, material.
Governor Richards showed that It Is
not only possible to run sheep and cattle
together, but it is also more profitable
than conducting the two industries sep
arately. He said that the Idea that sheep
ruin a range is a mistake and cited many
instances where sheep grazing had Im
proved the range 50 per cent. •
Livestock Industry Said to
Be in a Prosperous -
s Condition.
.DOUGLASS, Wyo., July 11.— To-day's
session of the Eastern 'Wyoming "Wool-
Will Appeal to Congress
For Some Needed
Enactments.
WOOL GROWERS
URGE NEW LAWS
The funeral of the late Paul Neumann
held yesterday afternoon under the aus
pices of the Masonic fraternity was one
of the largest ever seen in Honolulu. Flags
•were at half-mast on, the Government
building and the : entire community took
part in the obsequies. The United States
District Court, the Supreme Court and
all other courts adjourned for the day on
hearing of Neumann's death and in the
United States District Court a commit
tee of the. Hawaiian Bar Association pre
sented resolutions. Judge Estee delivered
an eloquent eulogy on the deceasd. Act
ing Govrnor Cooper and Attorney General
Dole also addressed the court, paying trib
utes to the dead lawyer.
The perjury charge against Editor Wal
ter G. Smith was dismissed to-day at the
irlstance of the prosecution. Attorney
General Dole entered a nolle prosequi . in
Judge Gear's court, declaring that there
was no evidence to warrant the supposi
tion that a jury would convict. Smith was
indicted by the recent Grand Jury on ac
count of testimony he gave regarding al
leged attempts to secure bribes from leg
islators for their support of a franchise
for a railroad' in Hawaii. Smith testified
that he did not know of any corporation
that had been asked for bribes, though
he had previously testified that he knew of
such a circumstance. The attorney gen
eral stated to the court that he had in
vestigated the- matter tmct found that the
railroad company in question was not in
corporated. This fact made Smith's testi
mony that he knew of no corporation that
had been asked for bribes correct.
HONOLULU, July 3 (via Victoria, B. C,
July 11.)— M.C. Lennon, an attorney,. said
to be from San Francisoo, was arrested
just as he was about to leave here on the
Zealandia for the coast yesterday. H6 Is
alleged to have passed a number of worth
less checks.-" Lennon Is said to hkve.been
a' v/ell-known lawyer and politician in
Wisconsin. He is now in Oahu Jail, hav
ing failed to secura bail.' A few days ago
he was married* to a Miss Coates of Hono
lulu and when arrested -on the Zealandia
he was leaving her.
Sensational Case Resulting
From the Legislature
Ended.
Hawaiian Officials Pre
vent ; an Attorney's
V Departure.
CHARGE LAWYER
WITH A CRIME
11
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRY.
| Second
I Feet.
DATE.
1900.
I
1901.
June 30
July 1
July 2
July 3 '.
July 4 :
July 5
July 6 ;......
4760
4760
4760
4760
4560
4560
4560
4965
4780
4760
4760
4760
4760
4560
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT L.
GRAI>
<GE.
DATE.
(Second Feet.
1 M'ngCo.
1900. I 1901. Canal.
Total
1901.
June 30 2297 10,280 *7 10,287
July 1 1452 9,960 7 9,967
July 2 1752 7,720 7 7,727
July 3 1752 6,745 7 6,752
July 4... 1X92- 5.470 7 5,477
July 5 1072" 4,610 7 4.617
July 6...: 1312 5,470 7 5,477
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
1 Second Feet.
. DATE.
1900. 1901.
June 30 3620 14,294
July 1 3443 14,022
July 2 3030 14,294
July 3 2910 '11,328 '
July 4 2310 9.ZD2
July 5 2190 8,674
July 6........ 2070 7,882
DATE.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
_-..••¦- ,-. , .-. . .- .. ¦¦•_... Second Feet. -
DATE.
" 1900. 1301.
June 30 " 29S6 17.970
July I....' 2584 13,200
July 2 , 2346 11,740
July 3 1930 9,990
July 4 : 1738 7,600
July 5 7.. 1642 8,200
July 6 ] 1546 9,990
DATE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRY.
| Second
I Feet.
DATE.
1900.
I
1901.
June 30
July 1
July 2
July 3 '.
July 4 :
July 5
July 6 ;......
4760
4760
4760
4760
4560
4560
4560
4965
4780
4760
4760
4760
4760
4560
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT L.
GRAI>
<GE.
DATE.
(Second Feet.
1 M'ngCo.
1900. I 1901. Canal.
Total
1901.
June 30 2297 10,280 *7 10,287
July 1 1452 9,960 7 9,967
July 2 1752 7,720 7 7,727
July 3 1752 6,745 7 6,752
July 4... 1X92- 5.470 7 5,477
July 5 1072" 4,610 7 4.617
July 6...: 1312 5,470 7 5,477
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
1 Second Feet.
. DATE.
1900. 1901.
June 30 3620 14,294
July 1 3443 14,022
July 2 3030 14,294
July 3 2910 '11,328 '
July 4 2310 9.ZD2
July 5 2190 8,674
July 6........ 2070 7,882
DATE.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
_-..••¦- ,-. , .-. . .- .. ¦¦•_... Second Feet. -
DATE.
" 1900. 1301.
June 30 " 29S6 17.970
July I....' 2584 13,200
July 2 , 2346 11,740
July 3 1930 9,990
July 4 : 1738 7,600
July 5 7.. 1642 8,200
July 6 ] 1546 9,990
DATE.
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALpAIS RAILWAY
• " ' "7 ¦¦¦.-."¦: Via SkuaUto ren7— Foat or Market 8t."~-
¦T3s£ "•i.... -WEEK DAYS..'... J figj'.*;
8:00 a. M.l - ~ f 12:15 P. M.
9.-OOA. M. . 1:15 p.m.
IO.OOa.M. 1 RUKDAVa i 850 P.M.
1150 A. M.T.V «"« DAY » V 4:50 P. It
1^0 P. M. , . 5:50?. M.
' 230 P. M. J ' ¦ "" I' 7:10 P. it
rare. San FrsnalaM to Summit koS Kctnrn, %IA9
: Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. *
C1UF0RIU' HORTHWESTERB RL CO.
| LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND. NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferfy, Foot of Market S4.
San Francisco ta San Raiasl. "
WEEK »DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m!; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m.- Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5U
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
* . ban Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, "tsO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and £:£> i>. in.
SUNDAYS— S:10, S:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
6:1)5, 6:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. JAprll 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- } I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pirf 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pnr) 6:20 pm
I • Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. ' 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 arcj and Uklah. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 ami "I 1° :<(> anl 10:2 * &m
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm. ..,- 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami ~ 110:49 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pinj Sebastopol. I 7:3o pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaess Sprints; at Cloverdale
for the. Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, , Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley**, BuckneU'a.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr"* Hot
Springs, s^Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usair\WlHlts. Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ¦
Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • ¦ ¦
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratei. "_ t
Ticket Office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
Buildins.
H.' C. WHITING, R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
_ , __ ¦ -- •¦ •• .
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally I ¦ * I Pally I Dally
Lv. "San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p -
" Fresno .. 2:06 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Vlsalia .. 3:40 p 4:48 a
," Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kans. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago .. ..." 2:15p 9:00 p
., a for morning, p for afternoon.
¦ ' *9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday", and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlntn?
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
.to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.. . ,'4»*^ ; .*<28Safc3«* !
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. - . .
?. 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with-
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free ¦ Recllnln* Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts I out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at
- 5:55 p. i m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local. Stopping
. at all ' points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
• Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. > ¦¦¦ ¦¦•¦•¦ ' ' ¦ . - •.-¦<¦
PHTSICTA2VS AJTD SURGEONS.
- DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office anoT^esidence,
ion Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor. Euccessfully
treats all diseases of the human body Bee
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR, WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium
76J-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years-
over 60 names of prominent business men
rent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
cielay from business, and no salves for sale
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. F.. CaL
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sale
FOR SALE. ~~~ —
BAXIGADC IN SUBURBAN HOME
Brand new artistic 2-story and basement
house of S rooms, porcelain bath, furnace etc
in Ross Valley, at S*n Anselmo, with magni-
ficent view of Mount Tamalpain; only 5 min-
utes' walk from station; lot 100x21; price onlv
tSOOO. Apply to O. D. BALDWIN & SON _
Montgomery St., or to station master at San
Anselmo.
BARGAIN— M-acre farm near the town of
Pleasanton. Alameda County; all level land-
house, barn. etc. : a good home place and verv
cheap: price 14000; easy terms if desired H
H. CRANE. ECS California st. . •
A BARGAIN' In land— Only $5 per acre for 2*>0
acres of land in San Benito County, within
12 mil<?s of Gonzales station; one-half is jrood
Jartninr land, partly enclosed and under cul-
tivation; the balance good pasture lana, with
plenty of running water; cabin, barn and
chlcken-houscs. Apply C. S. CAPP & CO
Real Estate Ajrerus. 630 Market st. '*
XS ACRES. Alameda County. 20 miles from this
city; all level land; abundant water supply
Al Improvements; near R. R. and town;
price 54500. or might exchange for good Oak-
land property of equal value. H". H. CRANE
MIS California st. '
$3000 . MORTGAGE fortsdosinir— Rich farm,
worth J7JC0; oil In sight; sell for mortgage
end half cf oil or lose all; 52000 can remain
Box SaC2. Call office.
FOR sale— 20 acres income bearing well-kept
prune orchard, near Gilroy: a snap for ready
money. Lock box _2. Gllroy, Cal.
POULTRY end dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. a WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
"WILL EXCHANGE— For suburban property
around the bay or San Jose, one of the finest
corners on Eleventh St., in Oakland 50x100
ft. lot; 12-room house; value $SOOD. Want a
cheaper property and each balance. Box 4435,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
J2S0O— AN elegant modern Eastlake ccttage ccn- I
talning 6 larte rooms, porcelain bath, open i
plumbing, high basement, cement laundry j
tubs, brick foundation, etc.. etc.; lot 40x122,
feet, with nice, opt-n lawn; fruit trees and
etone walks in front and around the house; '
street work complete; nice ce?;tral location; I
near to oars and train; house alone cost $2400
to build; insured for J1000; title perfect; no
mortgEgp.
.GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
_________ IMS Eroadway, Oakland.
$1600— COZY modern Kaptlake cottage of 5 I
rooms, bath, hall, ' higrh basement, laundry. I
trick foundation, double parlors, etc.- <all in •
pood condition) ; street work all done; stone I
wsJks laid; cne block off San Pablo ave.; '
handy to narrow-gau^e station; sunny front- !
t-g-e; now well rented; bargain for a quick I
each sale, but terms can be arranged J
* . GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., I
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
. J14C-0— PLAIN, comfortable bouse of 7 rooms* •
let 20x120 feet; nice location, with street work !
complete and stone walks laid; garden, fruit j
and ehade trees; right close to Telegraph I
ave.; handy to schools and churches; reduced j
for a quick sale: easy terms can be arranged
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
NEW HOMES "
On Telegraph avenue.
Just Completed.
Entirely Modern, i
S rooms, bath and laundry; front and back I
«tairs; nickel-plated plumbing; mantels, pas \
fixtures, lawn, cement ivalKs, etc.: lot 31x100- i
all four of a different architecture. :
A. J. SNYDER. ;
Real Estate. !
<67 Ninth St.. Oakland, j
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD. |
TENTH. C72— Bea-Jtiful sunny rooms7~excelient i
home cooking; t20 upward: references. j
JJAJ^.^p^FXKMTj. IUj: I?OK SALE. I
AX introduction to !'ou from H. Schellhaas. the !
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 939— Floor of four nicely furnished ¦
housekeeping rooms; private residence; Una j
location.
FIFTH, K3— J cr 3 furnished housekeeping i
rooms from $10 to $20; also single, from $4 up.
FOLSOM, C{7— Lower part of house, complete; ;
piano.
GEARY. 4CS— Three nicely furnished rooms; !
rent ;20.
GEARY, BO— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath en floor.
GOOD chancp— Five tost rooms rent free to '
purchaser of furr,iture of other part of II- i
room house: C rooms now rented clear ex- i
penseF; good houre; fine location. Address I
box 3510, Call office. i
HOWARD. 'CV.'z— Nicely furnished sunny bay j
window suite; kitche:;: man and wife; others. I
HOWARD. Ir7tf— Sunny back and front parlor j
rlcely furnished; use cf kitchen; gas; bath, j
HYDE, A12— P.unry rarlors & alccve euHc, un- I
furn.; r<aj?meiit Door eu5table for boarders, j
MISSION, Zol'—Z cr 4 rooms furnishod com- !
plcte for bott Bctaototi stove; us* of bath.
¦ ¦ |
OAK, 10 — Two rooms furnished for housekeep- I
ing; also sir.Ele rocrr.s. |
POLK. 10*2—3 and 5 room suites, completely I
furnished tor housekeeping, J15 up; reference, j
FECOND. "12— FurniFhed rooms for housekeep-
lnfr; other rocn»: c:ean. respectable, reasnbie.
TURK, lit— Furnished rooms, suitable for j
houBeket-ping; tins!*:; transient. ,
TURK, £'0— Newly rurni^hed house; come j
quick and seltct your rooms: very reasonable.
TURK, 123— Newly furbished rocms; fine suite,
?20; also ethers; board if desired.
TWELFTH, 120— 2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping loom?; select 1-vality; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia et. .
ROO3IS TO LET— Fnrn. and Infnrn.
2lHL BOKXKCTEL, 221 Grant" ave.'— Best' tl~2
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 5dc up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth— Rooms,
2So to tl per night ; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open ell night.
ARLINGTON House. 112 Kearny Et.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
BURNETT. 1<£6 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD^ l'O4 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elegrar.tly
fumishecJ sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, G33. corner Larkin— Bay-window, other
tu..r.y rooms; day., week or month,
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; einjjle with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
tl A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also one
front room, oloset. bath. $1 20. £3___c___m___.
HOTEL Grays-tone. C6 Geary Et.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light end elevator; un-
questionably the mort luxuriously furnished
in the city; steam h*-at; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
st.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished ;. strictly first-clas*:
EOc per cay and upward; special rates by the
week or month ; begt in the city; references. •
HOWARD, '.CO-Bcston House; rocms 10c, 15c, t
25c per night; new management; transient. {
HYDE, as— Lovely large corner euites and
single rooms; privet" bath.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. '
LACRAL House, 93O',4 Mission— Rooms to let.
MARKET, 1015 <New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
_ nlEhed rocms, J2 a r.-eek c?; Sc a day up.
MARKET, 1725, nr. Valencia— Single room.
suitable for gentleman. $1 per -week.
MARTINET. 3101 Geary— Elegant euites. newly
_furn<Ehw] ; private; bath; Blngle rooms $10 up. -
OCTAVIA. I2r,9. cor. O'Farrell— Furnished front
rooms, tingle or en gulte; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1402, corner Geary— Bay-window p
rooms and others ; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 2&-Sunny furnU-hed rooms and
otflceg; elevator; dec, lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'FarreU-Furnlshed front suite
ana elngle rooms, J3 week up; transient. l
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nlsned rms.. en suite or Bin.; baths; transient
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, 6moklng-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 33o-to $1 50; week, J2 to
,S; month, $S to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SKOTWELL. 227. nr. 17th— 2 or 3 sunny rooms
to let, unfurnished, upper flat
SIENA House and taloon, 410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms In lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
STEVENSON, C35%— Furnished rooms to let
TAYLOR, 106— Sunny rooms, $1 25 a week up;
transient ?5c and 50c per day. ¦ --¦_.
VAX NESS ave.. 1409 — Three nicely furnished
rooms; rent cheap.
VAN NESS ave., 1612— Elegant sunny alcove;
also room, newly furnished: private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t -Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service ; popular rates. 807 California s t.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'e, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103^4 Broadway, cor. Twelfth st.,
third flat. Oakland.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
j rooms, single and suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS A\D BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— By 2 young ladies, room and board
In private family; convenient to business dls-
trict. Box 43S2. Call. ¦
SEWIAG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE A2VD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLlPH~s7o7a^r^nT^IoTing~CoTi
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840* Mls-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission 6t.r
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. 23C0 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. ¦
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsIn" TrPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, fZ. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
P.ENT a new Franklin typewriter for fl week
and have your work in sight' CUTTER
; TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 48S5.
: HARTFORD typewriters; new, 560: anti-trust;
i all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. "'siTtwenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
; Plantation Company will be payable at the
cfiice of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after Monday, July 15. 1901. Transfer ,
books will close on Tuesday. July P. 1901. at
3 o'clock p. m. E. II. SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
oflicc of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday, July 20, 19CL Transfer
books will close on Saturday, July 13,-' 1901, at
12 o'clock noon. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
DIVIDEND notice— The Contra Costa Water
Company; a dividend. No. 190, of forty-two
cents (42c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company . has been de-
clared, payable at the office of the company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building;, San
Francisco, on July 15, 1901. Transfer books
close July 5, 19C1, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of Pan Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2, ISCL a divide/id was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1901. at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
U-th inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th inst. both days In-
. elusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
LfciG.VL AD\ KKTISK-UISNTS.
IMGTICE of intention to lease seawall lot No.
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14 — Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5. 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
Will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901. for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
inclosed by metes and bounds, as follow*,
viz.: Commencing at the Intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Eroadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thence
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (10U)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degiecs and thirty minutts (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (1S1.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo- street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis etreet two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described !
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly .line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the intersectfon with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
Eaid Board of State Harbor ommissionera.
Its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
end used are to consist solely In. of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be maae and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation of the usual fa- ¦
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
such cars to, from and on said premises to be
done and performed only by the said board,
its successor or Buccessors, the lessee to pay
for euch hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board. Its
successor or successors; such payment to be
in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state
among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. A statement cf
the bid will be embodied in the lease. award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
in the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the Eame. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Eaid property will be
leased to the highest end best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN,
-" ;-iy RUDOLPH HEROLD J"ft
JOHN C. KIRKPATRIck!
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer
WM. D. ENGLISH, Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California— Probate
—In the matter cf the estate of WILLIAM
H. ATERS. deceased. Notice for publication
of time appointed for probate of will, c. C.
P., Sec. 1303. Notice is hereby given, • that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July A. D
1801. at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of eaid court
at the New City Hall. In the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the .time and place for
proving the will of said WILLIAM II.
AYERS deceased, and for hearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the Is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon
(Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3. A. D.^1901.
HENRY C. McPIKE,
& Attorney for Petitioner.
_ ________
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. July 6, liOl— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be. received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., August 6, 1S01. and then opened, for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts in this department, and at
. camp at Skaguay, Alaska, and Fort Llscum
<Port Valdez); Alaska, for fiscal ¦ year ending
June 30, 19C2. Information furnished here or by
Quartermasters at posts. United States
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part theeof. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be marked: "Pro-
posals for Forage and Bedding, at " and
addressed to the undersigned. J. W. JA-
COBS. C. Q. M. '
PROPOSALS will be received at the office of
the Paymaster of the Navy Yard. Mare Isl-
and California, until 1 o'clock p. m.. August
12 lSOL and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, for the purchase of email arms
surrendered by the Samoans, consisting of
about 3400 rifle. and smooth-bore guns. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Paymaster, Navy Yard. Mare Island,
cillfonS?- MERRILL MILLER. Rear Ad-
miral. U. 6. Navy. Commandant.
• SPECIAL NOTICES.
- THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum givea
notice that the following orphans, half-
"orphans and abandoned children, also found-
; -lines, have been received in the orphanage
iSS m . December . 31, 1900, to June 30, 1901:
> Charles Dragler. 7 yrs. 6 mos. : Henry Dragv
; ler. 6 yrs. 6. mos. ; Antony Marino, 5 days;
Mary 1 yrs.. Margaretta 7 yrs. and .Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs. ; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mos., Anna 7 yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos. : Virginia Kirby,
, S yrs. 7 mos. ; Rose 6 yrs and Lewis Fassolot
3 yrs. 6 mos.; Banodino Bartona, • 3 ¦ yrs. 8
mos.; Louis Drexll, 5 yrs. 5 mos.: Martin
Samuels. 3 yrs.; Ida Woldloff. 6 yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Harry Russ, 5 yrs.; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 5 yrs.
10 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos. ; Ada
7 yrs. A mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs. ; John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
Evalyn Kessler 6 yrs. 10 mos.; Lucy 5 yrs.
'• 10 mos. and Lizzie Glovanina 4 yrs. 6 mos.;
Edith Doland, 9 yrs. ; Magdalina 5 yrs. 11
, mos -~ and Fulton Vannlci 4 yrs.: John d'Arsy.
3 yrs. 1 mo.; Mira 10 yrs., Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josie 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
Gianetti 1 yr. 10 mos. ; Mary Smith, 3 yrs. 6
mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos. ; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 mos. and
i Mary Sullivan 3 yrs.; Irene, 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos. ; Albert
! 8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon "1 yr. 6 moe.; Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
• mos. ; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
¦ S yrs. ; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yrs.; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos., Lewis 1
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Elenore Brady, 12 yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
; Gladwln 3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yrs. 3 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos. ; Dante Tarraborl, ' 6 yrs. 3 mos. :
Katherine Kaihl, 3 yrs. 1 mo.; Gertrude S
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. 11
mos. ; Mariana Purdee, 5 yrs. 10 mos. ; John
6.yrs. 3 mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos.; Margarite Kaisar, 8 yrs.' 10 mos.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
• Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
; lura on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1; 1901: "Angelina Willet. 7 yrs.; Delia
Willet, 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Emma L. Hennlger.
4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Annie Kenyon, 9 yrs. ; Rachel
Kenyon, 6 yrs.; Minnie Iverson, 12 yrs. 10-
mos.; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos.; Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.: Herbert E. Francis,
5 yrs. 9 mos.; Martin Kvalvig, 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
Albert Lake, 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs.; Charles F. Henniger.
2 yrs. 10 mos.; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Henry Hanson, 5 yrs.; Arthur. Davis, 9 yrs. 8
mos.; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mosr: Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; George Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted Into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, 1901, to June 30. 1901, the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls: Lillian "Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
tie Wolf, 13 yrs. 1 mo.; Arthur Wolf, 6 yrs,
6 mo3. ; Augusta Smith, 10 yrs. 10 mos. ;' Rosa
Blaine, 4 yrs. 2 mos. ; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
» mos. ; Isidor "Shloker, 5 yrs. 9 mos. ; Hen-
rietta Shloker. 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Alta Cohen. S
yrs. 5 mos. ; Annie Cohen, 5 yrs. 11 mos. ; Lll- •
lian Cohen. 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Ruby Cohen, 7 yra.
7 mos.; Esther Schwarzberg, 4 yrs. 1 mo,;
Estella Miller. 11 yrs. 11 mos.; George J.
Miller, 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Rose Shapeero, 9 yrs.
9 mos. ; Ellas Shapeero. 7 yrs. 3 mos. : David
Shapeero. 6 yrs. 11 mos. ; Ezra Shapeero, 3
- yrs. 10 mos. : Abe Kampinsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage. 520 Lake St.. San Francisco, has
received the following orphans and half or-
phans—girls—from April 1 to July 1. 1901:
Bertha Koepp. 3 year? 5 months; Pauline Ol-
sen, 9 years 10 months; Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months; Sadie Chapman, 9 years 7
months: Lora E. 1 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year. 7 months; Grace Lavil-
lan, 10 years 5 months: Julia Voss, 11 years 3
months; Floria Voss, 7 years; Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months; Genta Fish burn. 8
years; Violet M. Bishop. 11 years 11 months;
Gladys W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months.
BAD tenants . ejected for $4: collections made;
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19, tel. 53S0.
MENTAL and nervous diseases will be ac-
cepted at hospital. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
MAESIAGE LICENSES.
The followlnff marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Louis Goz, 31, 465 Tehama street, and Maria
Goz, 22. 465 Tehama street.
Joseph Tresmontan, 25, city, and Louise
La snail e, 22, city.
William Lundie, 24, B08 Third street, and
Clara L. Wilson, 21... 420 Second street.
John S. Hogan, 28, city, and Julia L. Abra-
ham, "8, city.
William E. Banks, 21, 637 Jessie street, and
Amelia Stulz, 18, 921 Greenwich street.
William T. Bowman, 32, Sacramento, and
Lettle Kreerer, 24, Gait.
Michael J. Silver, 26, 137 Thirteenth street,
and Mary A. McClenegan, 26, 2106 Howard st. •
Alexander D. Fennone, 19, 627 Vallejo street,
and Cami'.le Vitalli. 17, 1214 Kearny street.
Aleck Muller, 22, city, and Ida Hellman, 19,
city.
Peter S. Sentenich, 29, 1139- Taylor street, and
Angelia G. Vukovlch, 22, 1321 Washineton st.
""births —marriages- deaths.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the rmblication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN. >
BARRICKLO— In Santa Rosa, July 4, 1901, to
the wife of John J. Barricklo, a son.
BECKMANN- In this city, July 10, 1901, to
the wife of A. Beckmann, a son.
FORAN— In this city, June 26, 1901, to the
¦vrlfe of Frank J. Foran, a daughter.
HAVERTY— In this city, July 10, 1901, to the
wife of Will R. Haverty, a son.
DIEI) ~
Ahern, Mary Hill. Mary E.
Atwater, Edwin L. Howard. Fannie
Barger, Walter Jones, Catharine J.
Benton, Robert G. Leibert, John G.
Brady, John . McCarthy, Mary E.
Byrnes. Margaret Mclsaac, Anirus
Coughlen. James J. Medina, Vicente
Davis. John W. -Meyer, Henry
Denahy, Beatrice L. Murphy, Thomas F.
Dingle. Jane Cswell, Michael
Fullard. Hannah S. Parker, Georee J.
Getchell, James T. . Sorensen, NeLs
Gregory, Elizabeth Stade, Ernest ,
Harkness, Dr. H. W. Sweeney, Luke
Hasselbeck. Llna Thornton, Maigaret
AHERN— In the City and County Hospital.
July 9, 1901, Mary Ahern, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 49 years.
ATWATER— In Mexico. June 29, 1901, Edwin
L.T. son of Helen M. and the late Henry M.
Atwater, -and brother of Mrs. James . W.
Cochrane and Mrs. Jennie E. Abies, a na-
tive of New York, aged 27 years. (New York
¦ papers please copy.)
BARGER— Drowned, in Redwood City. July 9, '¦
1901, ¦ Walter Barger, only son of Mrs. Rosie
Barger, a native of Woodside, aged 5 years
. and 9 months.
BENTON— In Oakland, July 5. 1901, Robert
G., husband of Lydia A. Beaton, a native of
Connecticut, aged 73 years 9 months and 21
days. • j
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the |
Plymouth Arenue Congregational Church,
Thirty-fourth street, near Telegraph ave- '
nue. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, July 11, 1901, John, be-
loved son of the late Richard and the late
Elizabeth A. Brady, and brother of Richard,
Sam, Edward and Matthew Brady v and the
late • Matilda McKenna, a native of • San
Francisco, aged 21 -years 6 months and 2
days. • • , "
in?" Notice of funeral' hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of the Pacific Under-
. takers, 777 Mission street. .,„ ,
BYRNES— In this city, July 10, 1901, Margaret,
relidt of the late Patrick Byrnes, a native of
Kings County, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(C7"The' lunerdl will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 36 East avenue (Holly Park), thence to
St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's College),
where a requiem high mass will be .cele- '
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross .
Cemetery.
COUGHLEN— In this city, July 10, 1901, James :
J., beloved son of John and the late Mar-
garet Coughlen, and brother of John Cough- ¦
len and Mrs. W. E. Coe. a -native of San !
Francisco, aged 30 years. ' ,
C7' Friends are respectfully invited to at- ,
¦, tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 1910 Green- ¦'¦
wich street, thence to St. Brigid's Church, •
where a. requiem high mass will be cele-
brated, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment i
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, July 11, 1901, John Wes- |
ley Davis, • beloved father of Mrs. J. O. Bur-
dick of Seattle. "Wash... Mr. D.H. Davis of ;
—^— — — — — ¦ — —^—— — — — — <
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. <
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. . "¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS •
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln 3chool. " '
Telephone South 80.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS. * ]
Funeral Directors and Embalmers -"j
21 EDDY STREET. . ]
Telephone South 252. -¦ San Francisco. 3
No Connection With Any Other House.-
— — —^ — — m [3
I-; McAVOV: dk CO., • (j ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I '
1239 Maiket St., between 8th and 9th. I
- Telephone South 247. - | :
Mt. Olivet Cemetery, j
San Mateo County. {
OFFICE Oie MARKET STREET. f
J v HENDERSON, Manager, j i
S ATT. WAY TRAVEL.
¦
Five Cheap
Excursions
c3St VIA
The places, the rates for
• the round trip. and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
gH had of the Santa Fe
Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
. Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50 .
July 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20 and 21.
. LOUISVILLE, $77.50 ,
August 20 and 21. '
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
Santa Fe
641 Market Street.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lr»»«i nml nr« <lut> to nrrfv* i»»
NAN FU*><:i*<O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) • :*.> \
um - — Feow Juant 18. 1901. - — axbits
7:00a Beuicia, SuUun, Elmira. Vioarit'e,
Bumoey and Sacramento 0:S3r
7i3Oa MuUnez,SaulUinon, Vallejo, Kapa, *¦
OaliatogaaudSauta Rosa «:23r
8:«Ua DaTis. Woodland. Knlg&U Lkadiag.
Mary«»ille. oratille. 7:3-1r
*i«Oa A tlaatic Kxprets— Ogdeu and East 13:23?
Nioiu Niles, Lithrup. Stockton ~4.'2*t
StOOANllea, Mtmdota, Hanford. VisaUa,
PorterriUe 4i33*
Si3Ua Shasta Exores»— Da»i», Williams (for
Bartlett Spring*), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7:33?
«i:i»a Bait Joie, Lhermore, Htocktoo,
Iona. Saeraweuto, Placerriile,
M»rjsvlll», Chleo. Ke.l Illult 4>SSp
S»SOa Oakdale, Chlneao (Yoaemita). So-
v cora. Carters 4:3Sr
O:OOa Hajrward, Niks and Way Statlous.. I IsSSa
»«O»a VnUejo la:23p
UiOUa Lo« Angeles .xpress — Martinez, •
Tracy, Latlirop. .Stock ton, Meroed
Freauo And Los Aczn'ea .......... ?:23p
9t«0A Vall.-J.., Martluex mid Way Stations 7i33r
IUiOOa Th« Overland Lli> ited— Ogdeo, Den-
Ter, Oiuaha. Chicagn 8:H3p
{ItOOp Saerauientn Klter Suwni«f» 13:0i»a
3>S»r Hayward. NM<-s and Way Stations.. 7:33p
4t4»or Ueuicia, Winters. ttaciameuto.
Woodland. KuhjuU landing. ~
MurysTille, Ororille l«iS3*
4:ttOp Martinez. Han (Union. Vallejo,
N»|.a. HMnlnnA. H»nU llos* »>2S*
4tOOr Nilea, Lirermoro, Stockton. Loll... I2.se.1r
4.11'ir Hayward. Mien, Nan .lt.se, LWtrmora f)t!»3A
' 4:3<>p Port Cos a. Ti*cy, Latbrop, St«cktcn 1«:S3a
5:OOpT)io Owl liimited- Fresno, Tulare.
B.ikersHe!d. Sangtis for Santa Uar-
l>ara, I.us A»tC'4ea 8:33*
3;OOp Martin z. Antioch, 8tockton. Mer-
oed, Fresno 12:23p
SsOup Tosem!t« .~ 12i*3»
3:3»p New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, B&kersneid. Los Angelea,
D mini?. El Paso, New Orleans
and E.-st.. 7>A3a
8:OOp Hayward. Nileu aud .San Joss 7:33*
tOtOOr Vallejo 11:23*
«iO«p Oriental Mail-Ogilen, Cheyenne.
Oiuaha. Chicago 13:25?
OtOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer,
8t Louis. Cbicigo. . 4tS3p
7iOOp Oregon aud California ICxi>r«ga,Nao.
riinwiitii, Marxsfille, Keililing,
I'ortUml. I'ugot .Sound and Kast 8>33a
StoSpSan Pablo. Port Coata, Martines
ami Way HUtlous 11:23*
J»»05p Vall-ji, 7^t3p
COAST LINE <3»rroiT ««n B e).
<Fut»t ol Market Street.) ¦
J7 :43\ Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Cms
and Pnncpjl Way Stations JSsOSr
8: 1 5a Newark. (Ji!iiti:rviIle,S»u. I <i3rf, I'rltoi),
IJoiildurCrKek.HautsOriuaudWay
Htatluns..... OjSttp
tail Sr Newark, CanlervHle. Sail .lose. New .
Alumdeii, BVItou, lioutdar Utrek,
Santa Crux and l'rinolpal Way
8tntions H»i3»*
4:ITr Newark. San .lone, T«s Gatos t*:"«A
<<»13pQl<rawood.BonlderCroefc.8»ntaCrffll «S:3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Froa SIS msc:»C0-/Mi of Xiriat Street (Slip SV-
ti:15 U:00 11:00a.m. 1:33 3:03 6:15r.M.
.'romOtlUHD— r«ot .f Bro«i«»j.— tr.;OO l3;0O tS:CJ
lO.OOt.M. 12:03 2:03 1:03 r.u.
COAST IilNB (Hrna.l Uange). -
(Third and Tow riaeml SU) :r^'i\
OsIOa San Juse and Way stitiun* «:«•»¦>
2 t~:«O.\ Sai, .loHdinid Way Stations liSV»
/7s»«A New Alinitdru '. f 4:10r
J7:ui»a Sunday Excnrsioa for Saa Jr«e.
Hanta I'ruz. PieiSc Qrora and
Principal Way 8utiona. JljJOr
IiMaNui Ji«e. Tres I'lnim. Hitnta Cm*.
Paciilc Giiitb, halims. Han Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Prin-
- cijia! i'lterrcediate Stntloiis 7>3«r
10:30a Saa J< se aud Way 3Uiion 3 . 4:l»p '¦
I I:8«a Han .lose ami Way Stations 9t3vr
t»: «••*? San MaUo, Uedwooil, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. Hauta Clara. Ha.-i Josa.
Tres Pinoa. 8auta Cruz, Salinas.
Moiitevayaiiil 1'acllic GroT« |ins«3 a
:i:a»p Haa Jose au<l Way Stations O-.ltin.
t-ill3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations tt:43«
t3:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
WayStaUons 1»:OO.t
SiSOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations Si3Ba
«>OOr Redwo >d, Han Jose. Gllroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Lon Angeles 1O:OOa
CiOOp Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grore,
Looipoo ..; 1O:OOa
fl:30p San Jose aud Way Stations......... t"<«'»A
alti43p San JosemidAVay Stations. 7t30y
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon.
• t Sunday exeepted. J *urid*y only.
a Saturday only. « Mond»y .
c Satnrday sn I Sonday. / Twtdtyt and Fridays
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 2S, 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— C:55. 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:43, *l:43, S:15.-4:15. 5:15. *6:1S, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:0O. •S.OO. «10:0O, 11:00. 11:30
! a. m.. 12:43. *l:30, 2:30, »3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. !
- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS — «5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. ¦ 10-13
a. m.. 12:25. 1:15, 2:20. »3:S5, 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »3:00. 9:45, •11:00 a. m , •!!
m.. l:00. T 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. •5:45. 6:45, 7:30. 10:10
p. m. „ .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK- DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 2:43. 3:SO. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m., 12:15.
1:20,-2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15j 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week day 3— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
-¦ 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
'! 5:15 d. m. week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Tomalea and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. *
30 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. . \ .
a Dr.; Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEABXT SX. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Last Munnood. Debility or
<ll*»asp wearinpon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
*"M/r«r» gruarnn Ifrd. Call or Wilt*
l>r. J. Jfc". VIUBO.f. ban Francisco, Cal. _
. Park City. Utah, Mra. • P. Christ and EI-
v dora, John E. and Georite "W. Davis of San
Francisco, a native of Troy.^N. Y., agred 54
years and 6 days. . . ... .. ; \ ;
DENAHY— In this city, July 11, 1901, Beatrice
Lillian, beloved daughter . of " James A. and
Maggie Denahy, and sister of Hazel, Viola
and.Mervyn Denahy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 i years .4 months and 5 days. I ¦
ICTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 10
o'clock, from ; the : residence . of - the parents,
• 123 Lexington avenue. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ , : - > .-¦ -"
DINGLE— In this city, July 11, 1901, Jane, be-
loved wife of Richard Dingle, a . native of
England, aged 62 years 4 months and 12 days.
C?Friends and acauaintancea . are • respect-
• fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 846 Florida street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. . >
FULLARD— In this city, July 10, - 1901, . Han-
nah S.. relict of the late William Fullard,
and beloved mother of Mrs. Agnes Norwood
and the late William C. and Mary Fullard,
n native of New York City, aged 65 years.
gy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from. her late resi-
dence, 944. Mission street, thence to: St. Pat-
. rlcK'B Church for services. _ Interment Mount
Calvary . Cemetery. *
GETCHELL— In this city, July 11, 1901, James
' ¦ T.; beloved husband of the late Mary F.
' Getchell, and stepfather of the late Edward
M. -Walsh, Ferdinand Getchell and Annie M.
.. Kerrison, a native of Rockland, Me., aged
.69 years. .... . .-. .
< CTRemafns at the parlors" of Carew &
English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter."'—: • '".- .. . =
GREGORY— In this city, July 9, 1901, at her
residence,' southwest corner of Haight and
Pierce streets, Elizabeth Walton Gregory,
beloved mother of Mrs. John H. Goodrich
and Mrs. Adelaid M. Marks, a native of
Cumberland, Eneland, aged 91 years and 9
months. : . ¦ ¦' : •• -
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. . Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARKNESS— In this city. July 10, 1901. Dr.
Harvey Wilson Harknesa. ¦ a native of Pel-
ham, Mass., aged 80 years 1 month and 15
days. • .
tETFuneral services on Saturday next. July
13, at 11 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
HASSELBECK— In Oakland, ' Llna, beloved
wife of W. Hasselbeck, mother of Frieda, Al-
vina and Adolf Hasselbeck and Mrs. W.
Adams, .and sister of Mrs. .Louis Sass, a
native of Germany, aged 60 years 6~months
and 19 days. A member of the San Fran-
¦ Cisco Frauen Vereln.
OFFICERS and members of the funeral com-
mittee will assemble in Druids'. - Hall, 413
Sutter street, at 12 o'clock this day (Friday).
R. ROMMEL. President pro tern.
A. MAASS, Secretary.
HILL— In this city, July 11, 1901, at the Old
People's Home, Mary E. Hill, a native of
Maine, azed 75 year?. »•
HOWARD— In this city, July 11, 1901. Fannie.'
beloved wife of Michael Howard, srand-
. mother of Edith Minor, stepmother of Na-
. thaniel Howard, and cousin s of . Belle Be-
raud, a native of Crittenden County, Ken-
tucky, aged 58 years 2 "months and 19 days.
A member of Naomi Chapter No. "4. O. E. S.
JONES— In . this city, July "11. 1901, Catharine
: J.; wffe of J. K. Jones, .mother of Edward
K. Jones, and sister of Mrs. C. H. Huffman;*
Mrs. Charles J. Jones and A. R. Klrkland,
a native of Missouri, aged 48 years 7 months
¦ and 1 day.: - ' • ¦
(C^Funeral services to-morrow (Saturday),
. at 2 o'clock, at the residence of C. H. Huff-
man, 2100 Broadway. Interment Cypress,
Lawn Cemetery. . . ¦
LEIBERT— In this city. July 11, 1901, John G.
Lelbert, a native of Germantown, Pa., aged
70 years and 1 month.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
McCARTHY-In this city, July 11, 1901, Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of Daniel and Mar-
garet McCarthy, and sister of Katie McCar-
thy, a native cf San Francisco, aged 2 years
7 months and 17 days.
ETFriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from. the residence'
of the parents, 8 Langton street, between
Howard and Folsom. Interment i Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,
McISAAC— In Oakland. July 11, 1901, Angus,
beloved husband of Mary A. Mclsaac, and
$ father of William A.. John L., Mary E. and
Joseph A. Mclsaac, Mrs. James W. O'Kane
and Mrs. H. V. McFadden. a native ol
Cape Breton Islands, \ Nova Scotia, aged 74
years and 9 months.
MEDINA— In this city, July 10, 1901, Vicente
Medina, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. V. D.
Medina, a native of San Francisco,- aged 3
years 6 months and 14 days.
MEYER— In this city. July 10, 1901, Henry
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 35 years
4 months and 1 day. A member of Court
Hubertus * No. 7125, A. O. F.
• IC?"FrIend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the 'funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
• Hill Cemetery'.
i MURPHY— In this city,. July, li;: 1901, i; Thomas
F., dearly beloved son of John and Bridget
Murphy, and brother of , John J. and Agnes
Murphy, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 7 months and 20 days.
OSWELL— In this city, July 11, 1901, Michael
Oswell, a native of County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 45 years 3 months and 26 days.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances and members
I of .the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are\respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Saturday* at 1 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
terment, Holy Cross Cemetery. •
PARKER— In the City and County Hospital,
July 11, 1901, George J. Parker, a native of
Ireland, aged El years.
SORENSEN— In this city, July 1L 1901. Nels
Soreneen, beloved brother of John Sorensen
and Mrs. Charles A. Preston of Stockton, a
native of Denmark, aged 53 years and 2
months.
STADE— In v this -city, July 11. 1901, Ernest,
beloved son of Mary and the late John Stade,
- and brother of Minnie, Alma and Ella Stade,
a native of Nebraska, aged 27 • years 6
months and 1 day. - .' . -
SWEENEY— In Anaconda, Mont., July B, 1901,
Luke, beloved brother of John Sweeney, an.J
nephew of Mrs. P. J. Silk, a native of the
parish of Caltra, County Galway, . Ireland,
aged 23 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt, Mrs.- P. J. Silk. 15 Hampton
place, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass-will be celebrated for
the recose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THORNTON-'In Merced, Cal.. July 10," 1901,
Margaret, beloved wife of Michael Thorntcfn.'
mother of Clarence J. Thornton, daughter of
Mary Joyce, and sister of Martin F. Joyce,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 27 years.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her former
. home, 1022 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at' 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro.«s Cemetery. ¦ ¦ . " . IDELEGATES TO DEMOCRATIC
CONVENTION ARE APPORTIONED
12
PROMINENT POLITICIANS WHO
ATTENDED MEETING - OF DEM
OCRATIC COUNTT COMMITTEE.
Resolved. That the delegates be elected .by
and from the primary election precincts by the
voters thereof.
The 335 delegates provided for are di
vided among the districts>as follows:
Tanner Attempts » Suicide.
F. § Raymond, i aged "60, residence 607
Broadway, lies dying at the | Emergency
Hospital from the effects of opium taken
yesterday with suicidal intent. Raymond
is, a tanner by:trade, and no reason can
be assigned for his attempt to kill him
self. , ¦ ¦ '. . • •"'"- ¦ . ;
Frank Forbes, a morphine fiend, died
yesterday in the ; Emergency Hospital
from the effects of an overdose of co
caine-taken with suicidal Intent. Forbes
was taken from a south of Market street
lodging-house on Wednesday night and
treated by Dr. Morrison for poisoning
Dies From Cocaine Poisoning.
Colonel John C. Currier, vice president
called the audience to order and gave way
to Horace Davis, the' president, who has
just returned from the East. Mr. Davis
expressed his sense of gratification over
the prosperous condition of the club, and
advised his fellow citizens to continue the
campaign against bosses. Colonel George
Stone, chairman of the Republican State
Central Committee, an active member of
the club, also made a spirited speech.
The Central Republican Club of the
Forty-first District 'held a great meeting
night before last and its roll of member
ship was largely augmented.
Forty-First District.
The Fremont Club is -strictly a Repub
lican institution, and Is designed especially
for the younger element of. the party. Its
sole aim is to interest young men in the
general welfare of the party: s^ai-A
Who 'the burglar is puzzles the police.
Captain Seymour admits the man's clever
ness, and the officer who arrests him will
be a lucky man.
movement in this State. William M. Ab
bott, the vice president, is Deputy Attor
ney Generalof this State. J. T. Gibson,
recording secretary, is a well-known man
in fraternal circles, being district deputy
in the Odd Fellows. The financial secre
tary, Grove Ketchum, is a popular-rail
road man in the information department
of the , Southern Pacific. The treasurer
Luther B. Klkins, is a practicing attorney.
The other directors are Fred Suhr, Percy
Hight, Frank D. Macbeth and Edward
Treadwell. -\ . . .' : . ¦• •
It was ascertained that the burglar had
used a ladder in the yard of Phillip Ans
pacher, which adjoins the Lowry resi
dence, to climb over the fence into the
Lowry yard. A window had been left
open in the layatory, through which the
burglar obtained an entrance to the
house. The door of the lavatory was
locked, but the burglar bored holes
through the door near the lock and suc
ceeded in opening the door. The rest was
easy.
.The burglar who Is known to the police
as "the borer," and who has been suc
cessfully operating in the "Western Addi
tion for the last four months, has been
heard from again after about two weeks'
rest since he entered the residence of Dr.
Bruguiere, 1800 Franklin street, and stole
a considerable quantity of silverware. He
will take nothing but silver, which is one
of the features that mystifies the police.
Early yesterday morning the burglar
made his way into the residence of W. G.
Lowry, commission merchant, at* 2602 Pa
cific avenue. He took away with him six
silver tablespoons, six silver teaspoons
and six silver forks. Some were marked
"G. M. .L."\md others "H. M." Nothing
else was touched, although there was a
lot of silver-plated ware and Jewelry that
he could have carried off easily.
The family Is in the country and the
only occupant of the house is Thomas W
Mulford, Mrs. Lowry's father. He re
tired about midnight and at 5 o'clock in
the morning discovered that the burglar
had been in the house. The burglar had
left the stub of a cigar which he had evi
dently been smoking while selecting the
silverware. ' . I
1
Enters the Residence of
W. G. Lowry, Pacific
Avenue.
BORER BURGLAR
AGAIN AT WORK
Many Influential and active anti-boss
Republicans visited the headquarters of
the Primary League, 93d Market street,
last evening to express their satisfaction
over the establishment of district clubs.
The league is now organized and'equipped
to put the' bosses out of business. The
meetings "Wednesday night were largely
attended and the enrollment gives assur
ance that the best citizens of San Fran
cisco have resolved y l6 give their atten
tion to primary election duties. The
bosses: are already exhibiting signs of
alarm and demoralization. Efforts to or
ganize forces to resist the Republican
Primary League were put forward last
night, but failure was the result. The
slim attendance and lack of enthusiasm
added to -the discouragement of the bos^
followers.
The clubs organized under the auspices
of the *Republican Primary League can bo
counted on to put in the field delegate
tickets representing the best citizenship of
San Francisco, and it is therefore the duty
of Republicans to enroll and take an ac
tive interest in the campaign for good
government. Citizens who pay the taxes
to maintain the city government can take
charge of local affairs if they desire. The
only chance left for the bosses is the fail
ure of good citizens to attend the primary
election. •
Twenty-Eighth District.
In the Twenty-eighth Assembly district,
where the bosses are strongly intrenched,
the club organized under the banner- of
, the league will put forward a ticket. Good
Republican citizens of the boss-ridden dis
trict are eager for the contest and con
fident of success at the primary election.
A victory for good government in the
Twenty-eighth district would be a triumph
of great significance. The Anti-Boss Club
of the district met at 323 First street last
night. M. M. Foote, vice president, pre
sided. Secretary F. J. Hopper and oth
ers addressed the meeting. The attend
ance was large and the enthusiasm in
spiring. The club adopted the following
preamble and resolutions: -
Whereas, An honest primary and a free con
vention have been heretofore unknown to the
voters of this Twenty-eighth Assembly District;
and.
Whereas. Many of , the most reputable citi
zens thereof have heretofore not dared to at
tend primary elections or political meetings for
fear of bodily harm or from disgust at the
rough criminal methods used by the so-called
"bosses" of'the district and their unprincipled
heelers; and, ' - - .
"Whereas, By the enactment of the new pri
mary law in the last Legislature primary elec
tions are now surrounded by the same safe
guards as general . elections, and are hereafter
to be conducted under the control of the Board
of Election Commissioners; therefore.
Resolved. That we call upon all good citizens
of the district to co-operate with us in .our ear
nest effort to rid. the district of the domination
of Boss Kelly and his adherents and the dis
graceful reputation of being his pocket bor
ough; further, »
Resolved. That this, the Republican Primary
League Club of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District, hereby indorses' the action of the
Bouvier County Committee as truly representa
tive of the party's best interests.
. Fremont Club.
The Fremont Club has established per
manent headquarters in the History build
ing, 729 Market street. The rooms are
handsomely equipped with all the conve
niences of a modern club. The club will
hold its opening rally this evening. It
will be an Informal affair— a general jolli
fication meeting and smoker. The leading
Republicans of this, State, as well as the
members of the club and their friends,
¦will be out in froce. Music, speeches, re
freshments and, in fact, everything have
been provided to make this initial meeting
a marked success. Republicans are ap
plying for membership daily, until the
number enrolled is way over the 200 mark.
Those wishing to identify themselves with
the movement can do so by applying to
any of the directors. "
¦ The president of the club is Norman W.
Hall. He was : at one time treasurer of
the San Francisco : Labor Council and
prominently Identified with ¦„ the labor
Republican - Headquar
ters at Baldwin An
nex Busy Place.
LEAGUE GAINS
NEW PRESTIGE
BRONZE STATUE
TO M'ALLISTER
THE Dernocra-tlo City and County
Committee m*t In R B. Hall last
night and adopted resolutions ap
portioning the delegates to be
elected from the Assembly dis
tricts at th« primary election to be held
August 13. The» meeting was presided
over by Jasper McDonald, with Thomas
"VT. Hlckey at the secretary's desk.
J. D. Maxwell of tne Twenty-eighth
Assembly District introduced the resolu
tion apportioning the delegates. It could
not be determined from the tone of the in
strument whether the delegates were to
be elected from primary or Assembly dis
tricts, and S. Braunhart moved to amend
the document so as to provide for the
election of the delegates by primary dis
tricts.
Mr. Braunhart's motion caused a
lengthy discussion. S. M. Van Wyck of
the Fortieth district favored electing the
delegates from Assembly districts, giving
as his reason that in his district voters
were not acquainted with one another and
City Lawyers Take Up
the Project With
Enthusiasm.
The committee of the Bar Association
having In charge the matter of the erec
tion of a statue to the memory of the late
Hall McAllister, has met with enthusias
tic encouragement for the project among
members of the legal fraternity. The com
mittee is made up as follows:
Chief Justice "W. H. Beatty. Justice Garoutte.
Justice T. I>. McFarland. Justice F. Henshaw,
W. F. Herrin, John Garber, T. B. Bishop. Hon.
W. W. Morrow. Hon. John de Haven. Hon. J.
M. Seawell. Charles L. Ackerman, A. A.
Sanderson. Russell J. Wilson. Henry I. Kowal
sky. W. W. Foote. Judge Carroll Cook. E. P.
McCutchen, Hon. John Hunt, F. M. Michael.
Charles P. Eells. James M. Allen, Garrett Mc-
Enerney, D. M. Delmas. R. H. Lloyd. T. L
Berrin. W. H. H. Hart, William M. Piereon,
Samuel M. Ehortridge. Edward Lande, W. S.
Ooodfellow. Thomas Riordon, M. B. Kello&gr.
K. S. Pillsbury. Ge«rre A. Knight. J. F. Sul
llxaa. Judge Troutt. Robert T. Hayne, Alex
ander Morrison, Van. R. Paterson.
The committee has been at work but a
very short time. In effect It has not. as
yet. tried very hard to secure subscrip
tions and yet $1000 has already been raised,
which Is one-fifth of the whole sum re
quired. The plan of the committee is to
erect a life-si/ed statue of the eminent
advocate in bronze. The location of the
memorial statue has not been definitely
determined upon, but it is thought there
¦will be no difficulty in securing the con
tent of the Park Commissioners, who have
Jurisdiction in the premises, to the erec
tion of tfco statue in front of the City
Hall and facing the street that was named
for McAllister.
All the lawyers who have been inter
viewed on the subject have warmly in
dorsed this suggestion. The subscrip
tions so far secured are:
T. B. Bishop i 100
Frank M. Michael 100
William F. Herrin 100
"Wilson & 'Wilson 100
William A. Piereon 100
Horace O. Platt 60
Henry I. Kowalsky i , 50
Thomas J. Clunle 50
R. H. Uoyd 60
W. W. Foote - 50
A. A. Sanderson 60
D. M. Delmag 60
Henry Elkoff 60
Rlordon & Lande EO
Xs-pbtaly. Frfrdenrlch & Ackerman SO
Total $1000
The "whole amount necessary to be
raised is $5000, and this sum it is antici
pated will be secured without delay.
The programme de-vised by Gavin Me-
Nab, the autocrat of the Democrats, was
executed to the letter. As foreshadowed
by The Call, everything was carried out
according to prearranged plans. When
the proper time comes Mr. McNab will
nominate the municipal ticket and Demo
crats will fall into line under his banner.
Resolved. That the Democratic City and
County Committee, in meeting held July 11,
1901, hereby fixes the following apportionment
as the apportion of delegates to be elected at
a primary election to be held August 13, 1901,
the said election being held for the purpose of
electing delegates to the Democratic Municipal
Convention to be held at a date to be fixed
hereafter: be it further
that tho establishment of so many fields
of contest as the resolutions provided for
would not prove beneficial.
He was supported in his argument by
P. J. TomaJty of the Thirtieth district. Mr.
Tomalty said he knew every one in his
district, but that he did not know every
one's politics for the reason that they
changed the complexion, of their beliefs so
often.
J. H. Farrell, also of the Thirtieth . dis
trict, thought the delegates should be
elected by Assembly districts and brought
the argument to> a close by moving that
the resolutions be changed to that extent.
His motion, however, was defeated over
whelmingly.
The resolutions as adopted read as fal
lows:
Sudden; Death, of Helen Hayes.
Miss' Helen Hayes, a school teacher of
Los Angeles, died suddorily ' last Wednes
day night in ; the'Renton Hotel at 712 Sut
ter street. She had come to this city to
spend 'her vacation and . had * been under
treatment of a physician for rheumatism
of the'heart, which disease finally carried
her off. She was born in Denver 28 years
ago. -..,¦.- '; ¦ ¦ : - : •' . ' , ¦-.
- Verus cures piles or $50 re-ward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. •
Owing to the illness of Florence Roberts
the Alcazar was closed last night. The
announcement that Miss Roberts was too
ill to appear was posted at the entrance
and hundreds who had anticipated an
evening of merriment watching and hear
ing her as Lady Teazle in "The School for
Scandal" were greatly disappointed. Suit
able arrangements for the return or ex
change of tickets will be. made by ; Man
ager. Belascq. I ¦-':
' Inquiry at "the home ' of the actress at
922 Ellis street last night developed the
information that she was resting easily
and that she would be in condition to ap
pear to-night. •' Early . yesterday, morning
she was seized. with a severe attack of
acute' gastritis, which the .skill of Dr.
McNutt-was unable to master In time for
her to; appear last night. He announced
that she would be thoroughly recovered
to-day. ,. ' :.',-¦¦ -¦-,-•-
Florence Roberts' Illness.
There were few persons in the audience
of the Tivoli last night who could dis
tinguish in the acting of Annie Meyers,
who appeared as Sally in "The Babes in
the- ¦Wood," traces of the keenest sorrow
that can embitter the life of a loving wife
and mother. While the audience laughed
at her merry antics and listened to her
tremorless voice raised in song, the spirit
that animated both was lacking because
of the deep grief that tugged remorseless
ly at her heartstrings. But the sobs that
welled up in her throat gave way to
laughter more or less forced, and few
there were who realized that her breast
was shaken by the most poignant anguish,
which, happily, found relief in bitter tears
every time she made her exit into the
wings. <r
A few minutes before leaving her home
on Post street to go to the theater, Mrs.
Meyers received a telegram -from her
brother, John Jarboe, announcing the
death of her husband, Harry Meyers,, at
Baltimore, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
The unhappy woman was nearly pros
trated at the unexpected intelligence, and.
it was with great difficulty that she could
muster up sufficient courage to appear at
the theater and enact her role. As she
had no understudy she determined not to
fail the management, and with tears
streaming down her face she entered the
theater and communicated, the sad intel
ligence to Manager Leahy. Mrs. Meyers
bravely undertook to play her part as
usual, but for her benefit much of her
business was cut. In the -second act her
feelings well nigh got the better of her,
but she rallied in time and was enabled '
to go through the part without any
marked betrayal of the deep emotion that
possessed- her soul.
Mr. and ¦ Mrs. Meyers were married
nearly twenty years ago and were warmly
attached to each other. Deceased was a
good singer and for two years was a
member of the Tivoli, chorus. His health
gave way about two years ago 'and six
months since he went to" Baltimore in the
hope that he might find relief. He steadily
grew worse, however, but his death was
totally unexpected. The Interment will
take place in Baltimore. The deceased
leaves a daughter. Gracie Meyers, who Is
a member of an operatic company in- Bos
ton. She was notified of the death by her
mother last night.
Knowledge of Death
of Husband.
Annie Meyers Acts With
SINGS THOUGH
HEART ACHES
Very low . season • round "trip .tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco; Oakland,'
Ala'medai r ; Berkeley, San Jose, Stockton,
Sacramento,. Marysville," : Napa, Santa
Rosa, ¦: Woodland. - Friday to Tuesday,
round trip from San Francisco only $10.80.
Literature . nearest agent or at j 613 Mar
ket street. .' ; ---•» -...«..'
Lake Tahoe and Return.
CAMP REVERIE, FORESTVILL.E,
July 11, 1901.— On Saturday a party of fif
teen' from San Francisco, composed of
Mr. and Mrs. H. • C. Whiting, Charles
Whiting, Mr. and Mrs. James E. Gordon
and Miss Gordon; E. R. Field, Roy T.
Kimball, Henry Ascroft, John H. Gray,
Alice Ascroft, .Harriet T. Noah} Mrs. H.
C. Winn, Lilian Field and George Wall,
came to Camp Reverie for the day. These,
with fourteen others who came to remain
indefinite periods, made a full day at the
camp. The weather was of the regulation
Camp Reverie brew, the river dimpled and
sparkled its prettiest; the. sun was Just
hot enough to make the shade seem
grateful; the luncheon was of its usual
excellence, and it was no wonder that
fifteen people regretfully took the after
noon train for a .less favored climate,
promising, Hire all "parting guests" of the
camp, to come again. On Friday a' fare
well Icecream party was given to Master
Alan Osbourne and his mother, Mrs. Lloyd
Osbourne, at Camp Reverie, near which
they have been camping for several
weeks. The hostesses were Mrs. Ida Mans
field Wilson and Mrs. Allice Chlttenden;
the guests Mrs. "Lloyd Osbourne, Mrs. Alice
Cramer, Miss Emily J. Henderson, Mrs.
F. W. Thompson, Mrs. Alice Heynemann,
Mrs. NInetta Eames, Alan Osbourne, Mr.
C. F.. Richards, Mr., E. B. Payne, Mrs.
Evelyn Comstock, Mrs. Wiley and Mr. R.
H. Wiley and Mrs. Jack London and Miss
Joan London, Jack London . preferring to
"go a-swlmming." Quite the spiciest pro
gramme of the season was carried out on
Saturday evening. It was arranged by
Mrs. Ida Mansfield Wilson, one of the
guests, with Mrs. Alice Heynemann, also
a- guest, as mistress of ceremonies. It
opened With a story by. Jack London. Mu
sical selections by the Misses Friedberg
on piano, banjo and mandolin were sec
ond on the programme, followed by an ir
resistible . * Cakewalk. Master • Leonard
Jerome of "Oakland proved a most fetch
ing leader. . Esmond and Beth -Wiley of
Berkeley,' who brought . down the house
with the*# childish. grace, were followed
by three older couples, whose * illustrious
personalities, .were '-hidden under such
euphonious -'names -as "Dandy Jim of
Caroline," '-'Sis Hopkins," ," "Rosebud,",
"Parson Johnsing" and "Aunt Dinah."
Camp-Fire Scintillations.
of Putting Certain Questions
to the "Woman in the
' •; Case."
The investigation into the '! taking ¦ of
$30,000 from the cashier's vault at the Mint
resulted yesterday in important discov
eries. . .-•
Director Roberts. Superintendent Leach
and Secret Service Agent Hazen were
closeted for many hours with Walter
Dimmick, the chief clerk of the Mint, who
la believed to know more about the disap
pearance of the sacks of gold than he is
willing to tell.
The investigation into the life led . by
Dimmick in the last year was resumed.
Information has been secured by Secret
Service Agent Hazen that Dimmick,
though a married man, has been most at
tentive to a charming widow and that
her tastes were most extravagant.
A significant happening in connection
with the robbery from the Mint is that
the "woman ir the case" suddenly left he»
lodgings on Powell street on Tuesday,
July 3. and the next day Dimmick, it Is
claimed, went to a newspaper office and
gave out the story of the robbery...
The investigating "officers are of the
opinion that but for the publicity given
to the robbery the thief would have been
caught in a trap that was prepared for
him. '
Widow Has Disappeared.
The woman with whom Dimmick is sup
posed to have been most friendly is well
known in political circles in this city. In
vestigation shows that she has moved
from one address to another in the last
year and that she was always disinclined
to tell where she lived.
At the rooming house on Powell street,
where she has resided* for the last three
months, it was stated last evening that
she had not given up her rooms, though
she had not been seen there since Tuesday
of last week..
Dimmick refuse to give any information
as to his acquaintance with the widow
in question. He neither affirms nor denies
the allegations made that he lavished
costly presents upon her.
."People will talk,'.' he says, "and what
can I do to stop them?"
The. secret service officials are now try
ing to locate the widow and hope to se
cure from her some information that may
be of vital importance in the investiga
tion of the Mint robbery.
Expert Maguire has almost finished his
work on the books of the Mint and so far
has not discovered a single error. The
faint hope that an error might account for
the missing $30,000 has long been dispelled.
The money was deliberately stolen from
the cashier's vault and the thief held such
a position in the Mint that his presence
in the cashier's room would not attract
attention.
Dimmick Shows Mental Strain.
Dlmmlck's examination yesterday took
many hours and he showed the effects of
the mental strain he passed through.
There Is not 'an employe of the Mint who
has a kind word to say for Dimmick and
none defend him from the suspicion that
he was well acquainted with the combi
nation of Cashier Cole's gold vault.
The sum of $4,800,000 was inspected and
counted yesterday and the coin was re
sacked and sealed. So far no shortage
has been found ¦ in any -of the sacks of
coin inspected by the officials.
One of the Investigating officers, in
speaking of the robbery, said:
"This is a difficult case as far as getting
evidence that would .warrant a conviction
is concerned. From the start we have
felt convinced of the guilt of a certain
employe, but the necessary legal proof is
lacking. No one saw. him open the vault'
or enter it; no one saw him take the
money away and no clew can be found to
the sacks or tags. Yet we are convinced
of his guilt. "We" hope, however, to dis
cover certain evidence that wfll place an
entirely different aspect on the case."
The count of the gold in the Mint will
not be finished for some days. "When it
is completed, Director Roberts will make
a full report to the Treasury Department
and it is then expected that there will be
many phanges made in the personnel of
the Mint staff. ¦ . " .
Blonde Lady/ Is Said to
Have -Been Friend
of Dimmick.
Leaves Her Lodgings Day Be
fore News of Theft Be
comes Public. .
— — • " .•
Secret Service Agents Are Desirous
GAY WIDOW
FIGURES IN
MINT STEAL
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, li^RIDAY, JPLY 12, 1901.
County Committee Decides That Candidates Shall Be
Representative of Primary Precincts.
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
3 «
fill
». F s
I
to
Twenty-eighth
Twenty-ninth
Thirtieth
Thirty-first
Thirty-second
Thirty-third
Thirty- fourth
Thirty-fifth
Thlrty-si5th .
Thirty-seventh
Thirty-eighth
Thirty-ninth
Fortieth
Forty-first '.
Forty-second
Forty-third
Forty-fourth :
Forty-fifth
6 16
6 17
5 14
6 16
5 13
5 14
7 21
5 14
8 .22
7 21
6 18
7 21
7 20
7 19
5 15
5 14
5 15
4 12
IS
17
11
IS
15
15
21
14
22
21
IS
21
20
19
15
14
15
12
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
3 «
fill
». F s
I
to
Twenty-eighth
Twenty-ninth
Thirtieth
Thirty-first
Thirty-second
Thirty-third
Thirty- fourth
Thirty-fifth
Thlrty-si5th .
Thirty-seventh
Thirty-eighth
Thirty-ninth
Fortieth
Forty-first '.
Forty-second
Forty-third
Forty-fourth :
Forty-fifth
6 16
6 17
5 14
6 16
5 13
5 14
7 21
5 14
8 .22
7 21
6 18
7 21
7 20
7 19
5 15
5 14
5 15
4 12
IS
17
11
IS
15
15
21
14
22
21
IS
21
20
19
15
14
15
12
ADyEBTISEMgNTS.
Snmmer Breakfasts Should
\ be Commenced With
Malt Breakfast Food
Satisfying and Comforting.
A partially predig-ested grain food— one
" that is easily <Ug-ested. quickly assimilated
and that yields ample nutriment for
the building up of body and brain tissues
is the diet best adapted for a summer
breakfast. Malt Breakfast Food has a
delicious flavor that old and young relish;
It Is satisfying, comforting : and tempts
the weakest ¦' appetite. Malt Breakfast
Food pleases the whole family; it capti-
vates the old and young, the strong and
.weak. Tour grocer has It.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on th» Mst day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 810 and (11
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
. . ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. ...J2.237.028 25
Cash in company's Office 221 63
Cash in Banks 23.224 54
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans , 25,431 23
Cash in hands of U. S. Trustees.... J97.37S 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 237,251 2t
Due from other Companies for Re- ¦ .
Insurance on losses already paid.. 12,403 53
Total Assets $2. 932. 93 \ S3
LIABILITIES. ~ '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $125,783 M
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ' 1J7.927 13
Losses resisted, including expenses 22 225 00
Gross premiums on Fire Rlska run- -
nlng one year cr less. S1.65S.963 87:
reinsurance 50 per cent ' 829 1S1 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
rlnjr more than one year. $1. ISO. -
104 03; reinsurance pro rata 781,192 27
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 25.879 84
All other liabilities 203.690 OS
Total Liabilities .$2,138,183 00
irCOME. :
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,281,S22 Ct
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 73,210 29
Total Income «2. 334. 533 34
EXPENDITURES. — — — —
Net amount paid for Fira Losses
(Including: $253,328 C.\ losses of pre-
vious years) 51.580 4S3 «*
Paid or allowed for Commission or > '*" "•
Brokerage '448 941s*
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other ' *"
charges for officers, clerks, etc 138 S21 «i
Paid for State. National and Local ' r
taxes : ...;.• 78,105 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures 140.008 «
Total Expenditures $2,359,g4i 44
Losses Incurred durlns the year.... $1.584. 339 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlska. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year {$338,834,133 $3,432.350 19
Net amount' of Risks!
expired during the]
y«ar 363,213.974 2.JT8.730 38
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900 1 315.819.14S 3.139.087 93
A. D. IRVING.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
:d dav of February. 1901.
GEORGE O. RUGER. Notary Publlo.
pacific coastTdepartmebt.
BDTLER & HEWITT,
General Agents,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
DR.MCNULTYT
tilled Disorders. Boot on Diseases of Me.i.fr'i:
tation free and sacredly confidential Can oraddxmia
««,^ RO8COE M^CWY, M.D.
S6« Kcorny St, San Fraaciaco. Cal-
' ADVERTISEMENTS. V,V '^^ ' ' .....^
Price Making f^S^fe Mothers!
For X Men's All- Wool Suits. .^E^SkCfcy ilftwJ&Il Unrfl Aro
smart shades, $10.00 PP QP //WZ/W /ffiMS! 1610 Aid <%^>
S^.:^-S ! vj W^ ¦ JPf . values for JL
Snecial Values ik f^ 'Ms e^^W'W
. ufjcuiai wchuoo w§Wm school 8 uu s f Or %7n/^l ;
That cut short all argument, 7yY\J|/W W^®%Z h ° J/S ' a ~ eS S l ° \Jj \ » If
new shades of Oxford, wood IfWff /Mm/UsBl 15 years, heavy- gf g •//
browns, blue serges. DQ en I I V I jffl$UW\ IB/
Suits ihat are z<W/ t OtliOU III \ifl| JlsSPW'/A the can't-ivcar- H if
$15.00. Special The suit V/ a| \ crn f°^hind,$6 %
$ special >aie ot $ j, j to^ Gray *&*
'% ' PfllllQ i f^-^C ¦/*'?*) Thenew shade, WA [ flj
<$> I it IB iU i <?> y /Lff^"^ >A^ ™ h a handsome fb^ kK
4 $5.00 Y*CtlueS. <8> x^*"^ • boys, ages £ to Wvj CvH
| $2.75 the Price ! tH? W
N • <§> \ . 3> OviOD 4*^
What Mnnpv \ BlIIICli Of \ Mother's Friend Waists.
wvioai muiKjjr ?- ... ? Pretiy WaisiSt mad* with
A -_4 n..-- <?> If Q 9 110 U ? separate waistband, French
Can Buy. % vdiUBb : n §§km§m 25c
The swellest of suitings, in all ?• # TL llll Ifl I * TL fl" f^^S
thenew shades and colorings. | Rfll MAKR ? T nTGB- "1608 FW
blues, worsteds and fancy suit- <$> ¦ ¦¦Ml Bl Hllillw <$> /CV3E3^V<S?'-
::tr^ r i^ir«;rnn :' Business Hum ? Suits fiffllw
All at the special jll.UU | UUOIIICOO • nUIII ? F^r hoys, age, SW^Kt f4|
price The suit •<s*8><$«^$ > <s>^<^$^<$«^$><$^^ to 10 y e a r s, vxm\ Isia hmtif
handsome col- f|/, \^"^M|f
) /a H g|— ] fll P J H %. RYMAfl sepvra** »V f\\J fjjf"'
-> / \ B QNCORPORAreDlH H W MAIL vest, worth §5 Eg M
SEND FOR OUR NEW CATALOGUE. d/i90 ¥
Swell front white en-
| ameled iron, bed, brass
trimmed - - - - $6.00
Get an estimate from us on
f everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
loo miles. We close at six.
except on Saturday.
I. Brilfliant
. ' FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
ff MAXWELL'S CLASSES
Are unsurpassed for effectiveness
and comfort. They embody the
¦ highest development of eyeglass
making. They are positively cheaper
than other glasses.
COST ONE-THIRD LESS
And are the most COMFORTABLE '
and SOOTHING glasses obtainable.
Glasses repaired . and lenses dupli-
cated for one-third less than else-
where. E. MAX'tVELL, Optician.
Room • 42, • Academy of Science
-Bulldlns. 819 Market St., S. F.
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and younc
' arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
• cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, -b-t Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Xe *T> S3 rvous Twltchins
of Eyelids. Effects are immediate
Impart vigor and *»=« *•=» potency to every
function. Don't get liespondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organ?
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: 5 tea
box; G for $2 50 by, mail. A written KuaranJpr
to cure or mowy . ref undpd with 6 boxe.x Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO
40. Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal. GP WT
.DRUG CO.. SS ar.-i O Third st.
DR.PIERCE5'. M
MEDICAL
• : • FOR THE
LBa.OOP.lBYEBKlftJMGS.
RRTTQWRft FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DllUOnilO^. bootblacks, bath-
. .''¦:.¦¦¦; . houses. . billiard tables;
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner?
dyen, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paperl
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Erush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St