' taken out of the pigeon holes. Four sacks
were taken from one side of the vault
and two from another location. - The
sacks were taken from holes hidden by
trucks on which were piled large quan
tities of gold coin. In counting the vault
nightly ¦ it was impossible to count each
pigeon hole. It was taken for granted
that all the pigeon holes were filled with
sacks of gold. A combination of events
MAYOR PHELAN'TESTERDAY RECEIVED^ A* LETTER FROM ANDREW, CARNEGIE. THE . MULTT-MILLION
¦ AIRE; OFFERING TO ERECT SEVERAL LIBRARY BUILDINGS IN- THIS CITY IF PROPER SITES ARE FUR
NISHED AND THE MUNICIPALITY GUARANTEES TO LOOK AFTER THEIR MAINTENANCE.
Continued on Page Two.
cdy Results.
ALBANY. N. Y., July 5.— Raymond. Al
bers, a 13-year-old lad, this evening shot
and killed Emmanuel Koehler, a boy of 12
years, and then hanged himself. ,
The boys were playmates, and, according
to statements of neighbors, they had quar
reled some days ago. ;, Albers was .the" eon
of a well-known, painter- and Koehler tho
son: of a clergyman.*; -. .- '¦',-. .<•;.<'
Pierre Lorillard i Failing.
| NEW YORK,*' July 6.— Dr. Austin Flint
at 12:80 o'clock: this morning, announced
that Pierre :Lorillard waafailing.' ,1
EOY KELXS COMPANION
AND THEN HANGS HIMSELF
Playmates in New York State Have
\ a Quarrel and Ramarkable Trag-
NEW YORK, July 6.— A Journal special
from Paris Bays: Albert Hopkins, son
of the President of the Women's College
In Baltimore/ and grand nephew, of Mark
Hopkins, benefactor of Johns Hopkins
University, has come out victorious in a
duel with a fire-eating Frenchman. .
Henry d'Estournel. a man about town,
always dressed In the height of fashion,
found fault with young Hopkins for wear-
Ing an American flag. Hopkins, who Is
an athlete and used to be pitcher at St.
John's College, Baltimore, promptly
slapped the Frenchman's face, -This led|
to a meeting with swords In the Bois de
Boulogne in the gray dawn, Hopkins was
slightly scratched on the cheek, while his
adversary had his sword arm quit© dis
abled ¦ • " '' ' 1 : '
Slaps a French Fire-Eater and Later
on Bests Him on the Field of
t ' . " Honor; ¦ " ¦
ALBERT HOPKINS IS
VTCTOIIIOTJS IN A DUEL
Continued on Second Paga,
money for free library purposes in sums
ranging from $1000 to Guthrle, Oklahoma,
to $5,200,000 for sixty-five branch libraries
In New York City. .
Fourteen of those In the United States
get over $100,000, thirty-two between $50,000
and $100,000. seventeen between $15,C00 and
$50,000 and twelve only get less than
$15,000.
With each of these gifts went tho same
condition exacted in our own case, L e..
that the city receiving It should bind it
self to appropriate each year a certain
sum, generally 10 per cent of the amount
of the donation, for the maintenance of
the free public library to establish or aid
which the grift was made.
In many Instances, as with New York,
sites were to be provided by the. cities,
and the full amount of the gifts expended
for buildings, books, etc The same re
quirement was made in the case of Mri
Carnegie's donations for libraries in Eng
land and Scotland.
In alxtv of the recipient cities In th»
United States and in thirteen in Great
Britain the institutions so established and
aided by Mr. Carnegie's liberality have
been called after his name, the old tltlea
where existing being dropped and "Car
negie Library" substituted. If this la
done in the cities having a number of
branch libraries like St. Louis- and. New
York, the buildings so far provided for
bearing that 'name will number ovsx two
hundred, ,
It is well, therefore, that all understand
that "Carnegie Library" and "Free P *>-•
Ho Library" are synonomous terms.
Whether the donor's name is> to adorn th»
San Francisco library buildings thut are
to be erected with the money Mr. Car
negie offers is yet to come up, The
amount bestowed upon San Fra:ncisco
stands well up to the top of the list of
Mr** Carnegie's gifts for library purposes,
New York, with her $5,200,000, leads; then
St. Louis and Philadelphia come with a
million each and Detroit keeps us com
pany with another $750,000, Then come his
three earlier beneficiaries— Allegheny, Pa.,
with $550,000 and Braddock and Homestead
with 1500,000 each. Then Washington.
D. C, and , Duquesne, Pa., with $350,000
each and Carnegie, Pa. t with J2S0.000. The
Carnegie Institute and branches at Pitts
burg have had $3,STO,0OO. The largest do
nation in Great Britain was to the Public
Library, Edinburgh, $230,000. E>unfennllne,
seaboard, emboldens us- for the, first time to
make a request ; that you ' consider San Fran
cisco among/the cities worthy. of your recog
nition. We 'remember meeting you pleasantly
i at the entertainment given by the University
; Club; when. In company with Andrew D.
White, .you visited the Pacific coast, so San
Francisco is not a stranger to you.
, It is needless to say that our people would
rejoice beyond' measure 'snould you see fit to
grant their. request and enroll San Francisco
among the municipalities that shall have a spe
cial reason for applauding the generous prompt
ings of your ( heart and the public spirit which
animates, "no matter where -the benefits may
fall, your .wise and munificent philanthropy.
..Mayor Phelan has not as yet considered
th© probable .location of the sites for the
proposed libraries. The municipality
owns a '.'number, of available lots in va
rious parts of the city, but the Board of
Supervisors "-will decide which ones shall
be. utilized. ; The site at the corner of
Market and Fifth streets Is thought to be
an- advantageous 'one for the central
.library,, but 'there la a lease on the prop
erty .; which . has eight years to run. The
question of maintenance would be easy of
solution, as "the charter would permit of
a tax insuring " the sum of over $100,000
yearly" for library purposes on this year's
assessed valuation \ot J415.00O.00O, Carne
gie's offer will be. laid before the Board
ef " Supervisors, who will take action
thereon. The money offered by Carnegie
would build at least four handsome
branch structures besides the ' main li
brary. They would probably be situated
in the' south '.'of Market street district.
North Beach, Mission and in the Western
Addition. V £ ..
CARNEGIE'S GUTS,
Over Ono Hundred Cities Have Be-
ceived Large Sums for
Libraries.
Ban Francisco's , approving interest In
the munificent benefactions that have
gone at Mr. Carnegie's hand to the many
cities of - the ' United States assumes a
more acute and grateful phase in the face
of, the, display of >his judgment and liber
ality : in . her o.wn behalf.
Three-quarters of a million dollars is to
be given by the great steel magnate on
.conditions "certainly not onerous,* and sim
ilar; to those upon which all of his gifts
have been based.
•'Seventy edd. : cities in the United States,
several ;^n \ Canada ; and "in
Great^ Britain^ have had - bestowals ~ of
..\.v'.
We have ' housed !n our City • Hall tn unfit
quarters, ' Inadequate and Inconvenient, a splen
did library of more than 100,000 volumes, . which
Is growing- 1 every year. .We have rented,; In
different parts of the city, stores where we have
branch libraries, bringing the people in - direct
communication wlth*the central library^ whence
the books circulate; and at the same time keep
on the shelves . of j the - branch ' libraries • lar^e
numbers of current" volumes, . Thia : service ". Is
absolutely free to the public In common with 1
your own views, , : we appreciate the -importance
of having ¦a' central 'and' a . branch j library; sys
tem,'properly housed," because with the increase'
of,' these ' f abilities \\ will follow.' a"_ mqre' generous
use of ! tfce%enefit8 which the free library^con
fer9.'"-"rr-\-- .: : ,V. : ¦-".,-- '- '-¦_,,'¦" '¦.-;'''. I'i ,' : ' ...
.-. Your splendid gifts to the cities of New-York;
Et.'- Louis and Philadelphia, all on the Eastern
The citizens are reluctant to ' increase in
debtedness^ which ' requires a two- thirds j vote
under the eharter, and therefore we look ts
private benefactions for the adornment of pnb
lio places, and for the non-estentlals of pur
municipal life. The city, however, has been
very generous in its organic law toward publlo
libraries. That not less than H» cents nor more
than 2Vi cents on the assessed valuation shall
be appropriated annually Is a mandate of the
eharter for public . libraries, . . On. the - present
valuation of property in this city, the'minimum
allowed' la '$80,000 a year, and the maximum
J1C0.0C&/. "« . .. .--¦.• - : ' .. >'-;
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT. • j
MAYOR'S OFFICE. ' ,
City and County of San Francisco, i
' ' • March 23, 1901. ;
Hon. Andrew Carneete. - Scotland — Dear Sir:
San Francisco is a largro, wealthy, and well
governed municipality. It Is llvlnsr under, a
charter which went into' effect on the first of
January, 1900.- which Is regarded -as a : model of
Its kind. Among other things. It does not per
mit the rate of taxation to-be more than ene
dollar upon a hundred dollar valuation, and the
budget amounts annually to about $5,060.(00,
one-half the amount ' which ¦ It coats in " New
York'Jn proportion . to maintain Its municipal
establishment. This organic check upon ex-»
penditurea, which you will agree is wise and
prudent, requires . us to Issue bonds for extra
ordinary rubllo work.
This offer on the part of Carnegie, Is. In
response to a communication sent to him
by the Mayors V -; ¦:
About half (not more.' .1. think* less) of * this
sum should be expended on the central library
and the remainder on branch libraries. .The site
for the central library should -be -amply .suf
ficient to provide for additions 'in 'the future,,
for San Francisco is a Browing-. city..- r ;-. •.-. "
letter he writes.
he will furnish the -money as soon as
needed to pay for the buildings,- In -his
"The robbery was a. deliberate one.
Around the cashier's vault are ranged
pigeon holes, each hole being intended
for a sack of t srold containing $5000. '.The
capacity of th© vault Is five millionVdol
lars, but we have been so crowded that
millions were piled up' on the , floor' and
on trucks. ; The six stolen sacks were
'. -
"We have counted all the money In the
cashier's vault," he said, "and have also
counted th© contents of the sealed vaults.
We are satisfied that the money was stol
en and not paid out in error. The question
of an error In the books of the Mint is
a thing of the past. Thl3 money was stolen
and stolen by an employe who had the
combination to the cashier's vault. Cash
ier Cole alone is th© possessor of the com
bination. I do not know It and a copy
of the combination was written out and
sealed up by Cole when he came into of
fice and locked up In the office desk. This
was a precaution In case of the illness of
th© cashier. Chief Clerk Dimmick wasnot
supposed to know the combination. The
only time h© had occasion to go" into th©
office was at the close of business' each
day. Then he accompanied, the cashier
and tallied up the number of sacks of
gold.
Superintendent Leach stated yesterday
that h© had nothing new to report on the
stealing of the $30,000. -V~<
Superintendent Leach Speaks.
This Information formed the basis for a
eearching Investigation by Secret Service
Agent Hazen as to whether Dimmick' was
well acauainted with the combination of
the vault door, which Cole was alone sup
posed to know. V.V.-i
. It .was. learned. yesterday on positive au
thority that when Cole came Into ofnee he
requested his predecessor, . Dimmick, to
show him how the locks on the vault door
of th© cashier's office worked. Cole is
known to have operated th© combination
knob while Dimmick stood at the back of
the door and arranged the levers and
tumblers In the locks.
Further questions put to Dimmick as to
the manner in which the combinations on
the cashier's vault worked, elicited the re
ply that he knew the working of the- vault
door, but was not acquainted with the
combination formed by Cashier Cole.
perhaps I may be — what do you call
it—^h, yes — the criminal at the bar."
'"Do you expect to be arrested, then,"
was the next query, put to Dimmick.
"It would not surprise me, but I am not
worrying," was Dimmlck's answer.
The time records of the Mint thus show
that there , were dozens of. opportunities
The time records at the Mint show that
Cashier Cole left the building usually at
3:16 p. m., 3:30 p. m., or 3:45 p. m. Occa
sionally the cashier remained until 4 p.
m. when . the .business of - his office re
quired. Fitzpatrick always left the build
ing shortly after 3 p.\m., and. the book
keepers of the cashier's office remained
Sometimes until 4:30 p. m. . or, even : later,
according to the amount of work on hand.
Captain Timothy Fitzpatrick. -the
"vault man" In the cashier's office. Is the
only man besides Cole and Dimmick who
ever entered the steel room. It was Fitz
patrick's duty to wheel trucks of gold
Into the vault and to bring gold out when
requested by Cole. The cashier was the
only person who had authority to order
Fitzpatrick to • bring sacks of gold from*
the . vault. • ' '
If Cole had reason to leave .his office
during the time the vault door was open,
no other employe in the office could have
entered the vault without Fitzpatrick be
ing cognizant of the act. Fltzpatrick" is
an old employe and his duty would have
been to stop any person, no matter what
his position in the Mint, from entering the
vault, unless accompanied by Cashier
Cole, or whoever was acting as cashier
in Cole's absence.. • • (> ,
: Mute Evidence of Time Clocki.
•Cashier Cole has Informed the investi
gating officers that it was his custom to
lock the vault of his office each day at
8 p. m. • The time lock for many years
has not gone into operation until 6 p. m.,
and that would give two hours for any
person to open "the vault,- provided he
knew the lock combination. • ¦ ¦• .
The investigation is therefore proceed
ing on the line that the six sacks of gold
coin were abstracted from the vault at
different times.
The authorities are satisfied that the
missing gold was stolen between the
hours pf 3 p.m. and 5'p. m. of working
days. Each sackof g-old weighs almost
twenty pounds, and while' it would be
possible for one sack : to be carried out
of the building, It would have been im
possible for the thief- to get away with
over 100 pounds weight of yellow coin.
When the Gold Was Stolen.
made possible this robbery. I cannot
state on whom suspicion rests."
SOME OF THE PRINCIPALS WHO FIGURE IX THE DISAPPEARANCE
OF $30,000 IX GOLD COIX FROM THE CASHIER'S WORKING VAULT
IX THE MIXT. . ' . '. ....
When asked what he meant by this
statement, Dimmick answered:;
"Well, I may appear before the
court as a witness in this case, or
CASHIER W. K. COLE and Chief
Clerk Walter Dimmick of the
Mint were relieved yesterday of
the duties of their offices, in ac
cordance with Instructions re
ceived from the Secretary of the Treas
ury. Cashier Cole was replaced by Frank
A. Pedlar, a trusted clerk of Superintend
ent Leach, and Dimmick turned over the
details of his department to Benjamin W.
Day, a computing clerk In ' the superin
tendent's office.
Both Cole and Dimmick were on hand
at their desks to assist their temporary
successors, but the trust formerly reposed
in them by the Government was tempor
arily ¦withdrawn, pending the investiga
tion into the shortage of 530,000 from the
cashier's working vault.
The Government officials who are
at work on. the robbery have nar
rowed down their investigation to the
point -where the arrest of a suspected
employe may occur at any hour.
Director of the Mint Roberts, Superin
tendent Leach and Secret Service Agent
Hazen were In close consultation yester
day and examined many of the Mint em
ployes. The investigation will be contin
ued on the lines that the thief who stole
530,000 from, the cashier's vault is not only
an employe of the Mint but is also one
in whom the greatest faith has been here
tofore reposed.
Suspected Employe "Watched.
A chain of evidence is being gradually
woven around the suspected person/and
a close watch is being kept- on his move
ments. The slightest attempt to leave the
city will be the signal for his arrest by
Secret Service Agent Hazen.
The officials who are making the Inves
tigation refuse to give the name of the
puspeeted employe, and all persons con
nected with the Mint were warned yes
terday that thpy. must keep silent as to ¦
the possible identity of the suspected
man.
The authority in Washington have no
tified the officials In this city that the
culprit must be brought to Justice and
punished for his gross betrayal of the
trust reposed In him. The delay in mak
ing the arrest is due to the lack of cer
tain evidence necessary to secure a con
viction in the Federal courts.
The Mint was thoroughly searched yes
terday by Secret Servire Agent Hazen
and his assistants. In the hope that some
of the purloined gold might be found hid
den away In some rook or corner. The
search, however, was unavailing and the
cor elusion was reached that the thief had
taken his plunder out of the building.
Director of the Mint Roberts, Superin
tendent Leach and Secret Service Agent
Haicn were 'gTiarded In' their statements
yesterday. They- were willing to talk to
a certain length but declined to make any
aFserticns that might furnish a clew to
tb* empi^re under suspicion. ¦
Diramick Is Flippant.
< a*hier Cole, who alone was supposed to
have bad the combination of th« vault
from which $30,000 ln_ gold was stolen, is
deeply concerned over the affair. Chief
Cleric Dimmick. who had access to the
cashier's vault, but who denies that he
had the combination to the steel door,
treats the question of the robbery in a
flippant manner and yesterday Joked as to
the possibility of his arrest.
Cashier Cole declined to make any state
ments yesterday, but Dimmick talked
freely on the subject.
When Dimmick was asked if he was fa
miliar with the vault combination of Cash
ier Cole he answered in the- negative. He
¦was then questioned as to the statement
made that he assisted Coie to fir the com
bination when th© cashier took office."
"That is a question I decline to
answer," said Dimmick. MI will
answer it when I appear . before the
Judge of the United StatesjBistrict
Court." *"-¦¦*?''"''¦'.
- 1\ fit AYOR PHELAN Is In receipt of
AV\\ *-i ett ' r - from Andrew' Carnegie,
II W \1 in which 'an offer to give $750,
.•**¦ v -^ 009 to erect public library buiid
*. " ;'. : ings , in :this city Is * made ', If
sites therefor are, furnished and the mu
nicipality . agrees to; expend 175,000 a year
for their maintenance. Mn Carnegie writes
from* Skibo i Castle,- Ardgay, N. B., that
\Vill; Donate $750,000 to ¦: Erect a: Central and Several Branch Public
¦¦:-"-.! Libraries if the Municipality Will Furnish Proper Sites for Them
and Agree .' to Expend $75,000 a Year in Their Maintenance
With his assistance and the well known
desire to' cultivate friendly relations be
tween Russia and the" United States, the
officials here are satisfied that the next
few days will witness action which will
result In an - arrangement beneficial to
both nations.
The representation of the United States
and the answer of Russia have had the
effect o-f bringing out the contentions of
the two governments. Count Cassini will
arrive at St. Petersburg in the course of
a few days. He thoroughly understands
the views of this Government, and the
authorities are satisfied that ho will prop
erly lay them before the St. Petersburg
authorities. • . - • ¦
The Acting Secretary communicated the
Russian note to the President before the
latter's departure from Washington. A
reply will be made after consultation be
tween the State and Treasury depart
ments. It Is admitted that Russia has a
strong case, and it is said that somebody
In the United States has blundered.
Somebody Has Blundered.
It is plain that Russia ; regards the
sugar question as the crux of the whole
controversy. It* is to this featu^ of the
matter that she particularly addresses
herself/making a plain explanation of the
revenue tax she applies to her sugar
which is refunded in the , form of tax cer
tificates upon imports. It is this refund
that is construed by Secretary Gage as a
bounty, which moved him to apply the
countervailing duty.
> : Russia's note- is most • friendly . in tone,
'itiestablished the correctness of . the re p-
Jr£s]entations byj_Count^ Gassing," when in
. Washington,' ths-t .-tils iGj>v£rABiept'i \"i.s
anxious for a prompfjabd'frlendly- settle-,
ment. - V-^w y^-r-. / ¦ •->¦- --¦-,1 ".;• '.¦\£jf&<2&3~?'.
. ir M. : " de Wollant took ; occasion to' reiterate
these sentiments in speaking with ( '^Ir.
Hill to-day. Russia, does not believe that
she has been fairly treated. ' She Insists
that the sugar tax refunded upon exports
in the form of certificates is not a medi
um of exchange, but is used by. sugar
exporters to meet taxes on other sugar
raised. It is apparent from the Russian*
note that had the duty on Russian sugar
never been imposed, the increase of duties
on American imports would not have fol
lowed. . . .-¦-.'.. . • . - .
Crux of the Controversy:
Notwithstanding: the official secrecy sur
rounding the Russian communication, it
Is learned that Russia has intimated her
willingness to remove the .retaliatory
duties she has applied upon American
imports, provided the United States re
peals the order issued by Secretary Gage
imposing a countervailing duty upon Rus
sian sugar.
"CALL .BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July '5.— Russia
wants no tariff war .with theV. United
States. In her official reply to the note
addressed by Secretary Hay to Count
Cassini' Russian . Embassador, '-- she ..has
speclflcally stated her desire to maintain
the cordial relations which have existed
between the two countries since .-, the
United States entered the family of -na
tions. Her answer was delivered to Mr.
Hill, acting Secretary of State, to-day. by
M. de Wollant, Russian Charge d Af- f
faires. Neither Mr. Hill nor M. de;.Wol
lant would discuss ' the contents of -the"
Russian note.. ¦'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
as the Crux of the Present
Trade Controversy. .
Countervailing 1 Sugar Tax Regarded
Duties if Uncle Sam Does
the Same.
Will Remove the Retaliatory
Czar's Government Is
Anxious to Maintain
Cordial Relations.
TARIFF WAR
NOT WANTED
BY RUSSIA
MUNIFICENT OFFER MADE TO CITY
BY ANDREW CARNEGIE, THE GREAT
PHILANTHROPIST AND MILLIONAIRE
MINT OFFICIALS ARE SUSPENDED
PENDING INVESTIGATION OF THE
PURLOINING OF $30,000 IN GOLD
Cashier Cole and Clerk Dimmick Relieved of Responsibilities of
Respective Positions 'While Evidence Is Being Sought
That Will Warrant Arrest of a Suspected Federal Employe
VOLUME XC— NO. 30.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; JUIif 0f 1901^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL./RULER OF THE DISTURBED ARGENTINE REPUBLIC AND HIS, FA*-"
VORITE RESIDENCE AT THE CAPITAL. WHERE ANARCHISTS'
ACTS HAVE CAUSED MARTIAL LAW TO BE PROCLAIMED.
for a -person who knew the combination
of tha, cashier's vault to open the steel
door, steal a sack of gold and leave the
building long before the time lock began
its operations on the vault at 5 p. m>
The investigating officials are almust
certain that the six sacks of gold were
stolen within the past four months. Early
in the year the gold coinage of the Mint
commenced to - accumulate and four
months ago, the pigeon holes in the cash
ier's working-'Tault were filled. It was
for the gold to have been ab
stracted before that time. The cashier or
. superintendent could have entered the
vault any, day at the close of business
and a" single glance around the vault
would hare shown if a single sack were
missing. '
When millions of dollars in gold coin
were" piled ' Into the vault and on trucks
and stacked -many feet high and still oth
er truckloads were left on the carriers it
was impossible to see if any of the pigeon
holes were vacant. The thief, familiar
with the manner in which the gold was
counted, took speedy advantage of the
opportunity and began his stealings.
Each sack of gold received by the cash
ier from the coiner bore a tag number.
The tag showed the date of coinage, the
weight of gold and the gross weight of
contents, bag and lead seal. In paying
out large sums of money the cashier
would order Captain Fltzpatrick, the vault
man, to take the required sum from the
steel room. No memorandum was made
of the tag numbers of the sacks, and it
Is therefore Impossible to find out the
numbers of. the. stolen sacks . of -gold.
Amounts paid out, too heavy-to" be paid
over .the counter, were, piled by the vault
man on a truck, in the presence of the
cashier. The vault man would wheel: the
truck to a side door of the Mint, where It
was delivered to the payee or hia repre
sentatives.
Director of the Mint Roberts, who has
been In charge of the' .building for the
past week, yesterday removed all the gold
from the cashier's worKing vault and af
ter counting it, sealed the treasure in a
large vault. One million dollars was placed
in the working vault and Temporary
Cashier Pedlar gave a receipt for the
amount. . Pedlar, at the close of business
hours, locked the steer doors of the vault
and also placed a seal on the door.
Director of the Mint Roberts yesterday
sent a request to Washington for assist
ance in the Investigation of the robbery.
Chief of Secret Service Wilkle immedi
ately replied that he had detailed a special
member of his force to assist Secret Ser
vice Agent Hazen of the department, who
is now at work on the case.
Director Roberts- declined to make any
further statements yesterday. He staled
that certain, evidence must be withheld
until completed to the degree to warrant
an arrest.
Santa Barbara People Say Walter
Dimmick Was an Exemplary Man.
* SANTA BARBARA. July/ 5.— Walter
Dimmick, chief clerk of the\Mlnt, was
formerly for many years a resident of
Santa Barbara. He was a son of the late
Dr. Dimmick. a prominent man of the
city. Walter Dimmick was a bank clerk
here and afterward engaged in the can
ning business. William Eddy. T. R. Dawe
and other business men .who knew Dlm
mlck here say he was an exemplary, man."
Continued From* Page One.
j- . ¦
BUFFALO,, July a,;— A severe electrical
storm passed over this city to-night. The
lightning struck in several places. It hit
the supply wires that • bring electrical
power from Niagara Falls ' to Buffalo,
burning out transformers and other elec
trical machinery in the Buffalo receiving
house. For over an hour the streets were
without electric light - except that fur
nished by- store windows which had their
'own plants, and the street cars were at a
standstill. The rain fell in torrents, the
water flooding many cellars. : -
- The flash of lightning that put out the
downtown electric lights and stopped the
street cars also burned out all the circuits
leading to the Exposition. The conduits
were utterly Inadequate to carry off the
water and the grounds were flooded. Some
of the M'dway shows were flooded to a
depth of three fleet. The engine-room un
der ¦ the machinery and transportation
building was also filled with- water and
all the machinery was stopped. One small
circuit, which supplies the arc lights in
the exhibit buildings was the only one
unaffected by the storm.
and Exposition Lights
P.utOut..
Buffalo Traffic Blocked
HAVOC WROUGHT
BY LIGHTNING
' Texas is the largest cotton State. I Her
"product last y,ear. amounted to 2,248,000
bales. Georgia, came second^with 1,260,000
bales, Mississippi 1,226,000 and Alabama
1,019,000 bales.
By using a, camera that will preserve, for
your „ view- book .or 'shelves, - scenes and
faces-thaty you've loved, to Jpok on: -'We
havethe latest Premo, Poco and Eastmani
cameras, and are continually adding to
our new stock of novelties. Sanborn, Vail
&; Co., 741 Market street. . \-^\*
Scotland, Mr. Carnegie's birthplace, re
ceived for a library $100,000. -.
I " Mr. Carnegie's . total beneficiaries to
date-for libraries, "schools, hospttalg, etc.,
run above $32,000,000. The Carnegie Insti
tute, Pittsburg, j will .probably, soon re
ceive 125,000,000 more, and other gifts in
contemplation will' take another $3,000,000,
making, a -grand ".total of -over: $62,000,000.
And yet Mr. Carnegie - said ¦&%¦ he- .sailed
fonEurope a short time ago: ."I have just
begun . . this library-', business. : Ask me
about it:- ten years from now and I may
have something to say."
Tulare County's Squirrel Crop.
VISALIA, July, 5.— Including to-day's
count the total number of sauirrel tails
on deposit, with the clerk of the Tulare
County J Board' of • Supervisors is 84,300.
This number is. the total for tho month
of June. The bounty on. these, tails
amounts to $2529. The bounty law Has
been repealed, and no bounty will be paid
for squirrels killed after July L
Homesickness Leads to Suicide.
EVERETT. Wash., July 5.— Earl G.
Nutting, 22 years old, employed as a yard
man at the Eclipse mill, hanged himself
to-day at. the Revere House. It is said
by his friends that Nutting was homesick.
His home was at Muncie, Ind. .
SQUATTERS MUST
QUIT THE LAND
Grant to San Fernando
Valley Tract Is Sus
tained. ; •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 5.— An order was
filed in the Superior Court to-day which
marks the ending of ten years' litigation,
going through the California Supreme
Court and receiving final determination in
the Supreme Court of the United States.
The case Is that of the Los .Angeles
Farming and Milling Company against C.
S Thompson and 124 other defendants, in
volving the validity of the original grant
of about 75,000 acres of land in the upper
end of San Fernando Valley. A remittitur
has been received from the State Supreme
Court, stating that the criginaljudgment
in favor of the plaintiff was affirmed by
the highest court in the land, and dlrect
ine that the order of affirmation be enter
ed of record and the plaintiff be given its
costs against the defendants, who appeal
e< The e action was brought by-th^ Farm
ing and Milling Company to restrain the
defendants from interference with its pos
session of the great tract of land in, San
Fernando Valley. The land was used for
aS Ss r o a n P an r rh?s S - co-defendants con
ceived the idea that the title of the com
pany to the. land was defective and might
be attacked with success and that by set
tling on the land they might be able to
hold possession In the event that the com
pany's title was held to be invalid by the
courts. To that end. they formed an or ;
ganization and proceeded to carry out the
plan of "squatting" on the land. The suit
was filed, and a temporary, restraining or
der was Issued against the defendants to
keep them from the land. But before they
really sifbmttted to this several of- them
were, held in contempt of court for re
fusing to- leave the premises. i. N . -r; •¦
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
WILBUR, Wash., July 6.— Fire broke
out in the basement of Hays' general mer
chandise store at G o'clock last night. The
cause was an explosion of oil in the base
ment. The smoke was so dense that the
firemen could not enter the building, the
only fire protection being a bucket brigade
and the water tank of M. E.& E. T. Hay..
There was no loss of life, although several
persons were injured. Two blocks have
been destroyed, and at 2:30 o'clock this
morning the fire is spreading.
The principal losses are as follows: M.
E. & E. T. Hay, $100,000, fully insured; J.
H. Robertson, blacksmith, $4500,- no insur
ance; CM. Carpenter's saloon and hotel,
fCOOO, insurance $4000. ¦
Two Blocks Are Burned
and the Flames Are ;
Spreading. 7
TOWN DF WILBUR
IN FIRE'S CLASP
CHICAGO, July 5.— A rate- fight of lib
eral proportions is on among the trunk
lines operating between Chicago""and Mis
souri River point centers. For several
weeks there has been widespread, though
seciet manipulation of rates on all
classes of freight In this territory, but
there had been no open rupture between
any of the roads until to-day.
When it became -evident that peace
could not be restored except by some
drastic action officers of several of the
roads began to plan open reductions in
tariffs. The Santa Fe was the first to
act, and to-day came out with an an
nouncement that it would put in a scale
of rates, effective July 15. between this
city and Southwestern Missouri River
points that would awake the secret rate
cutters to a realization of the situation.
The rates promulgated by the Santa Fe
average reductions of from 30 to 40 and
In some cases 50 per cent below the pres
ent printed tariffs. .
It is believed that the action of the
Santa Fe will be followed by similar an
nouncements by all competitors and that
the cuts are intended to bring the long
standing secret fight for business to a
head and to force the lmes that have
been out of the pool to become members.
\V. B. Blddle, freight traffic manager of
the Santa Fe, discussing the cut in rates,
sald: - '.
"In making an open reduction In rates
we are only doing what most of our com
petitors have been doing secretly for
many weeks. Our traffic between Kan
sas City and Chicago has been decreasing
week by week until It is now only 4 or 5
per cent of the total traffic between these
points, while one of the weakest lines Is
carrying over 16 'per cent. Such a con
dition of affairs could only be caused by
secret rate cutting by our competitors.
To stop such business we determined to
make wholesale reduction in rates openly.
If this reduction proves to be. insufficient
to stop secret rate cuttings we will open
ly make another big one. As soon as we
are given assurance that all our competi
tors will maintain reasonable rates we
.will advance ours to a normal basis, but
not before then."
Santa Fe Loses Trade in Such Alarming Proportions That It Makes, a Cut of 5:0 Per
Cent Below the Present Printed Tariffs
SENSATIONAL RATE WAR AMONG TRUNK
Y LINES OPERATING WEST FROM CHICAGO
Berdno, has resigned. The Government
will send a message to Congress with-
drawing the bill for the unification of the
foreign debt.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 5.-In
case American interests in Argen
tine should be endangered by the
trouble prevailing there, the pro
tected cruisers .Chicago and Atlanta yill ¦'
immediately said" for r Buenos Ayres. _"'..
Minister Lord, accredited to Argentine,' '
has not cabled- any information , to . the (
State Department showing that a serious
condition of. affairs has arisen, nor do his
mail dispatches Indicate that he anticipat
ed an outbreak which would require the
Government to apply martial law.
Rear ASmiral Cromwell, commander-in
chief of the South Atlantic station, only
left Buenos Ayres a few weeks .ago with i
his squadron for Rio de Janeiro, where he
has since arrived. ¦ Had he anticipated
trouble at the timeniie was sailing the au- .
thoritles say he would certainly not have
gone. Admiral. Cromwell undoubtedly ar
ranged to keep in communication with Mr.
Lord; and if the latter thinks a warship
necessary to insure the protection of
American interests a dispatch to the naval
officer will be followed by Its appearance.
NEW YORK, .July 5.— The Western Un
ion Telegraph Company Is advised that
the Argentine Congress has declared Bue
nos Ayres in a state of siege . for six
months and has established consorship
on all messages thereto. '
BUENOS AYRES, July 5.— A state of
siege has been proclaimed here. Tills is
due. to the participation of anarchists in
local disturbances. .Quiet now prevails
here.'. :t .
The Minister of Finance, Dr. Enrique
Commander 2>. H. Bryant Bemains
VETERANS AT SANTA
CRUZ ELECT OFFICERS
at the Head of the Asso
ciation.
SANTA CRUZ, July 5.— At'Camp Wal
lace Reynolds to-day the officers of the
California Veterans' Association tor the
coming year were elected, as follows:
Commander, D. H. Bryant of San Jose;
senior vice commander, Philip Hynes of
Santa Cruz; first vice commander. Mrs.
Mary Parolini of San Francisco, for the
Woman's Relief Corps; second vice com
mander, Mrs. S. J. Post of San Jose', for
the Ladies of the Grand Army of the Re
public; third vice commander, Captain L.
B. Mallory of Los Gatos, for the Sons of
Veterans: fourth vice commander. Miss
Pearl Bibbins of Santa Cruz, for the
Daughters of Veterans: fifth vice com
mander, Mr. Brandt of San Jose; for Mex
ican and Philippine War Veterans; sixth
vice commander, Mrs. Gertrude Lewis of
San Jose; surgeon, C. \V. Mallory of Los
Gatos; chaplain. Rev;' E. O. McCreary of
Santa Cruz; quartermaster, J.'J: Nichols
of Los Gatos.
Moore Briggs of San Jose was appointed
adjutant, and Commander J. C. Brown of
Salinas chief of staff. The council of ad
ministration, the governing body of the
association, -was appointed by Commander
Bryant. Its members are L. A. Mahoney
of San Jose, chairman; L. J. Stone of
San Jose, vice chairman; E. B. Pond and
Mrs. Gertrude Jones of San Jose: P. B.
Shuler. G. B. Fitch and Mrs. Abbie Shu
ler of Los Gatos: Mrs. Laura Robertson
and C. Mason Kinne of. San Francisco;
Mrs. Geraldine Frisbie of Menlo Park;
Charles C. Craghill and Mrs. Marie Cool
baugh of Santa. Cruz; Mrs. Merlicia and
E. Brown of Salinas, and Mrs. - Eliza
Shepherd and Mrs. Cora E. Merrill. of
Oakland. ' r.
The officers were installed this after
noon by Comrade D. Coates of Campbells.
ADVERTISE FOB BEDS
ON THE FRANCHISES
Way for Proposed Railroad
System^ . •
Santa Clara Supervisors Clear the
SAN JOSE, July 5.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day took up the remaining 1
three franchises for electric railways pe
titioned for by a syndicate of capitalists
headed by George T. Dunlap of Gllroy
and Instructed the clerk to advertise them
for sale. A franchise for a road to Gilroy
from this city was passed last Monday,
and the franchises considered to-day were
for roads from this city to the Sail Mateo
County line by way 'of Santa Clara and
out the San Francisco road from- Santa
Clara to Alviso and from this city to Los
Gatos by way of Campbell. There was no
opposition to the granting of the fran
chises. Bids are to be opened on Au
gust 19.
All of the roads must be completed In
two years. The line to the San Mateo
County line and the Alviso road from
Santa Clara must be begun within six
months, the Los Gatos road in nine
months and the Gilroy branch within one
year. No restrictions were made in the
size of fare, except in the franchise for
the Alviso road. The rate" from this city
to Santa Clara was fixed at not more than
10 cents, from Santa Clara to Agnews 5
cents and from Santa Clara to Alviso not
more than 20 cents.
GIANT FIRECRACKER
BOBS HIM OF SIGHT
Premature Explosion Maims the As-
sistant Postmaster at East
Highlands.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 5.— Charles
Tyler, aged 22 years, was rendered totally
blind as the result of the premature ex
plosion of a large firecracker at East
Highlands last evening. Tyler applied a
match - to the firecracker and walked
away to await its explosion. The sputter
ing of the fuse ceased and Tyler went to
apply v another match. Just as he was
stocplng over it the firecracker exploded.
His left eye was entirely destroyed and
he was terribly burned about the face and
hands.
One year ago young Tyler lost the sight
of his right eye owing to a cataract. The
accident of yesterday renders him entire
ly blind. He was Assistant Postmaster at
East Highlands. ¦ ./ ..vy-'.
Child Plays "With Powder.
SACRAMENTO. July 5.— Little Anna
Casey, a six-year-old deaf and dumb' child
of H. R. -Casey, was terribly if not fatally
burned this .afternoon. The child got
some matches and set fire to powder
which an elder sister had gathered from
firecrackers. As she stooped- over the
powder her thin dress caught when It ig
nited. Her mother and sister were badly
burned before they could put out the
flames. '.-¦;¦>_'¦ A *
Bullet Ends His Life.
STOCKTON. July 5.-E. R. Drilling, a
carpenter -by' trade, residing in' Ganibet
ta's Addition to Stockton, committed sui
cide this morning by shooting himself in
the head with a revolver. , He was S7
years of age and leaves a wife and sev
eral children.
since then has largely increased In value.
By article 7 of hia will he provided that
$1,000,000 should be placed in the hands of
trustees, the Income from which was to
be paid to Princess Hatzfeldt during her
life and the capital to go to her issue at
her death or, failing Issue; to such per
sons as she might direct by will.
If the amount named failed to yield 4
per cent income or became reduced by un
fortunate investment the trustees were,
authorized to make good either principal
cr Interest out of other funds not specifi
cally appointed un'ier the preceding terms
of the will. This bequest to the Princess
wa3 for her sole use and benefit and. not
for the debts of her husband.. 7he same
provision was made In the case of the
other married- legatees under the will.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 5.— Since Princess
Hatzfeldt was born in this city and taken
from here while a child by the late C. P.
Huntington, and since her mother, Mrs.
Clara Prentice, has been for many years
and is still a resent of Sacramento, local
interest in the story of a prospective con
test of the Huntington will by the Prin
cess has been keen. This Interest was in
tensified a few days ago, when the Prince
and Princess and Attorney J. D. Redding
came to Sacramento and had prolonged
conferences with a local attorney. The
Bee to-night makes the declaration upon
what It evidently deems good authority
that suit has actually been- brought by
the Princess and that the visit of the
Princess to her mother in this city was
in large part for the- purpose of making
sure of her testimony in case the con
test were brought to an issue. Says the
Bee: ,
Fight Opens in New York.
"Among those familiar with the trou- !
bles growing out of the settlement of the ;
Huntington estate it is believed that some ;
compromise will be -effected with Priit
cess Hatzfeldt. Prince Hatzfeldt said
when in Sacramento a few days ago there
would be no contest of the will of C. P. i
Huntington, but this is understood to he ¦
only a legal quibble. Technically there :
will be co contest of the will, but as a
matter of fact a suit was begun In New
York some months ago by Princess Hatz
feldt for a daughter's portion of the es
tate, under contract. This is In effect a
contest of the will, In that It would result
In a different division of the estate.
"Princess Hatzfeldt bases her suit upon
an alleged agreement by C. P. Hunting
ton. when he took her from her mother,
2>.lrs. Prentice, that he would rear her da
his daughter. The Hatzfeldts hold this
to mean that she would receive a daugh
ter's share in the estate and suit has been
brought in New York upon the contract
under this construction. With this view
of the case, it makes no difference, in th<;
opinion of the Hatzfeldt attorney, wheth
er there was a legal adoption or not, and
the adoption question does not figure in
the suit. * . .
Beason for Their Visit.
"Concqrning the recent visit of Princess
Hatzfeldt to her mother and^later of her
husband, the Prince,. and their attorney,
Joseph D. Redding, the assertion that the
visits were purely of a social and filial
character must be taken in the light of
the suit already brought- Mrs. Prentice
is an important factor in the case as a
witness, and the trip of the Hatzfeldts
and their attorney was made both for
the purpose of cementing the relations- be
tween mother and daughter, and of con
firming such evidence as the Hatzfeldt
interests bearing upon the contract un
der which they sue. Prince Hatzfeldt and
his attorney were in close consultation
with Attorney Frank D. Ryan while in
this city and Mr. Ryan is understood to
represent them here. The Princess spent
much of her time with <ier mother.
¦"Concerning the probability of a com
promise, it is believed that in order to
prevent the suit being brought to trial
H. E. Hutington, who, with Mrs. C. P.
Huntington. the widow, is the principal
heir under the will, will consent to a set
tlement which will be satisfactory" to the
Hatzfeldts. It Is understood that Mrs. C.
P. Huntington is willing to effect a set
tlement, but the opposition comes from
H. E. Huntington. It is known that Mrs.
H. E. Huntington, who is a sister of. the
Princess, is not upon friendly terms with
the latter."
THE PRINCESS HATZFELBT.
Her Alliance With the Prince.
Her Early Xife in Sacramento and
Though a native of California, Princess
Hatzfeldt has practically spent the whole
of her time since 1875, when she was 14
years of age, in the East or abroad. ' .
The Princess is the daughter of Mrs.
Clara F. Prentice. 1401 L street, Sacra
mento, widow of Edward Prentice, for
merly a grocer in that city. Her mother
e.nd Collis P. Huntington's first wife were
sisters. She was born in the two-story
and basement brick house, 310 M street,
Sacramento, in 1S6L Her father was
drowned in the great flood of the Sacra
mento in 1SG2, and left but a small estate.
Huntington, wno was then a man of
considerable means with no children of
his own, became very fond of his wife's
niece when she was yet learning to walk
ana prattle and in lSt>4 arranged with her
mother for her adoption as his own
daughter. She had been christened Clara
Louisa, which names Mr. Huntington
wished to change. The mother would only
agree to a partial change and Clara
Louisa Prentice became Clara Elizabeth
Muntington. She grew up in her foster
father's house, but, being so close to her
mother, a great deal of her time was
spent with her and perforce the natural
ties grew stronger to the detriment of
the new ones. There was clash of Juris
diction and it was thought best that she
should go East and enter a boarding
school.
This she did and at one and another
she remained until she was grown to
womanhood, when she made her debut at
Mr. Huntington's mansion In New York
and took her place in society as his
daughter. He in the meantime— in 18S4—
had married a second wife, Mrs. A/ B.
Yarrington of Alabama, with whom the
young foster daughter traveled much in
this country and in Europe for several
years.
German Prince a Suitor.
On one trip to Europe Miss Huntington
met Prince Paul Hatzfeldt-Wildenberg.
the nephew of Count Paul Hatzfeldt, the
German Embassador at London, and a
scion of the ancient Austro-German
house of that name.
Preliminary negotiations on the part of
the Prince for iliss Huntington's hand
brought Mr. Huntington himself on the
scene, but the demands for advances of
ready money to pay pressing clebts and
for the marriage settlement were not to
his liking, and the negotiations were
dropped for the time. They were renewed
later, however. The Prince yielded every
point as far as his demands on the Hunt
ington purse were concerned. He scaled
down the figures representing his press-.
Ins debts to the amount the American
magnate had expressed, a willingness to
pay, but which he had at first indignantly
refused.
Mr. Huntlngton provided the 5500,000
necessary for this purpose and settled
$3,000,000 on his daughter for life with re
mainder to her Issue, This sum was de
posited in three American banks and she
was at liberty to check for the income
therefrom at any time during the year.
The marriage was celebrated at Brorap
ton Oratory. London, October 28, 1089.
Bishop Patterson, the leading Catholic
prelate of that city, officiating. The* af
fair was semi-private, not more than one
hundred persons being present. These
included Mr. and Mrs. Huntington, Miss
Sherrlll of Washington, me only brides
maid, and the German, Austrian and
American Embassadors to Lonrlon. 'with
several members of Prince Hatzfeldt's
family. The bride's costume cost $3000.
Hatzfeldts Objected.
The Hatzfeldts had at first demurred
to the alliance, but at the eleventh hour
made the best of it and received the Hunt
irstons with effusive cordiality.
On Mr. Huntington's death it was found
that he had made further provision for
bis daughter, but not so liberally as was
probably expected. By the terms of his
will, which was probated in New York
August 21. .1900, shortly after his death,
he disposed of an estate then thought to
be about $35,000,000 in value, but which
Claim a Daughter's Share of
the Late O. P. Eunting
ton's Wealth.
Prince and ! Princess to
Press Suit Begun in
New York.
HATZFELDTS
OPEN FIGHT
FOR MILLIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call:
SAN RAFAEL* July 5.— The fire that
started on Mount Tamalpais yesterday af
ternoon is still raging on the northern
slopes. Gangs of men were this morning
dispatched to the scene and every effort
Is being made to subdue the names. "Word
was received this afternoon from William
Barr, superintendent of the Tamalpais
Water Company, that the fire was uniler
control. Later in the afternoon, however,
a fresh breeze fanned the flames into re
newed life and hundreds of acres of brush
and forest were soon aflame.
The fire started on the picnic grounds
at the western end of Lake Lagunitas.
Heroic efforts were made at the time to
get it under control. The water company
sent wagonloads of men to the scene:
It was believed the fire would burn itself
cut during the night, but this morning
found the flames leaping merrily toward
the west and north. The flumes supply
ing this city with water were in jeopardy,
but hard work saved them.
To-night the conflagration was racing
toward Bill Williams Gulch, where it will
prove hard to control. Efforts are being
made to "back-fire" along the old wagon
road leading to the summit of the moun
tain. If these be successful the scope of
the fire will be confined to the mountain
itself. It is now in some of the heaviest
brush in the county, where it is impossi
ble for men to accomplish much.
Every precaution has been taken and
the tavern at the summit of the mountain
is believed to be safe. Near the top of
the mountain the brush is short and com
paratively thin and the fire could easily be
checked should It ascend that far.
Conflagration Gets Beyond
Control and Lays Waste •
Large Area.
Fresh Breeze Undoes the
Work of thePirW
rigiiieiB. ;
FLAMES RACING
UP TAMALPAIS
TWO CRUISERS READY TO PROTECT
AMERICAN INTERESTS IN ARGENTINE
Congress of the^ South American Republic Proclaims Buenos Ayres
in a State of Siege for Six Months and Censors All Cablegrams
Owing to the Participation of Anarchists in Local Disturbances
SLAYS HIS AGED
WIFE AND SELF
Elsinore Rancher Mur
ders His Spouse
With a Pick.
Commits Suicide by Holding
His Head Under. Water
. in a Spring.
¦ The Tledmans were married here less
than six months ago. The prospective
bride" refused to have Tiedman get the
license until he had deeded to her the
ranch, which consisted of eighty acres
of land and a small cottage. This Tied
man finally agreed to do, and the transfer
was made and recorded at the same time
as the license. On the license book Tled
man's age appears as 60 and his wife's as
64. A mortgage for $200 was recently
placed on the ranch by Mrs. • Tiedman,
and it is supposed that the couple quar
reled over property matters. x ,*
Apparently Tiedman had pursued his
wife from the house and killed her, then
set fire to the building before taking his
own life. " ¦¦ ¦
RIVERSIDE, July 5.— Less' than six
months of wedded life, In which both
bride and groom' were past three score
years, ended in an awful tragedy On the
ranch of Peter Tiedman, near Elsinore,
yesterday*. "Probably as the result of a
quarrel over \ property, the old rancher
murdered his wife and hid her body, and
then committed suicide . by holding hi3
head under water in a spring.
The building on the Tiedman ranch
was discovered .in names by neighbor.*
yesterday. They reached the place too
late to save anything and at first found
no trace of Tiedman or his wife. Contin
uing the search, they found footprints
leading toward a little canyon and there
discovered the body of Mrs. Tiedman, cov
ered with brush. Her skull had been
crushed in and a bloody pick lay near by.
She was clothed in only her night dress.
Last night the body of Tiedman was
found in • a • little- spring some distance
from the house. The water was not over
six. Inches deep and he had evidently lain
down and held his head in the water until
he was drowned.
Special Dispatch to ; The Call.
POSSE. O2T TRATL OF
A MTODEE, SUSPECT
San Bernardino Deputy Sheriffs Pur
- - sue the Alleged Sla'yer of
Francisco Vera.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 5.-Sheriff
Rouse this morning found a clew to the
mysterious murder of Francisco Vera,
whose body was discovered near Crafton
iyesterday with a knife penetrating the
jheart. Ignaclo Yeganio, an Indian medi
fcine man, is believed to be the murderer;
In fact incriminating evidence against him
has been found. A posse of Deputy Sher
iffs is now in pursuit of him,, but as he
has eight hours start it is believed' he
will succeed in reaching the Mexican
border.
leganio is well known throughout South
ern California as a dangerous character,
and this Is not the first time he has been
accused of serious crime. He went to
Crafton last Sunday .from San Diego
County, 'ostensibly to treat a sick patient.
On Wednesday night he and Vera quar
reled and the latter was afterward lured
to his death on the pretext that he was
wanted in Redlands to assume a lucra
tive position. The alleged murderer is a
halfbreed, 55 years old and fairly well
educated. ¦
Continued from Page One.
GIRL FIGHTS
SWORD DUEL
WITH THIEF
Remarkable Combat in
a San Bernardino
Residence.
Seventeen - Year - Old Nita
Lemon Worsts Intruder in
"the Encounter. ;
"This seemed to stun Mm, and before
he recovered- from its effects I fled out of
the rear door. I went across the street
to tell Foster Hancock, so that he could
call the police, but Ju3t as I was enter
ing the yard I - looked around and saw
that the brute was running away as fast
as he could down Ninth street, toward the
railway shops. Mr. Hancock accompanied
me home and found the tracks of the in
truder in our house and evidence of our
duel." -¦ - ¦ ¦
"The villain almost immediately started
to fight unfairly^ His brtital instincts be
came more evident at every blow. Hi3
tirst thrust pricked the akin of my left
arm and tore the sleeve of my dress. At
this juncture I fully realized the danger
that I faced, fqr I saw thsut he was an ex
pert with the pword. Turning my saber
over my right shoulder I brought It down
with my utmost strength over the man's
left shoulder, which caused him to hqwl,
and before he could recover I took the
blade of the saber in my hands and dealt
him another blow on the head.
"Then he struck at me, liut I parried the
blow. My saber was eigfc.t. Inches shorter
than the weapon he used, but I had not
forgotten my former training and I went
at him. I saw that my Ufa depended upon
my skill, and with a determination to do
my best I met him face to face.
* Wounds Her in the Arm. ' "'.
"Mamma was called to San Francisco
very suddenly early last week to the bed
side of my brother Carl, who was then
playing there with the 'Two Hearts'
company," said Miss Lemon in telling of
her experience. "Before leaving she re
quested me to stay during the night time
with my grandparents, across the street,
which I did.
"On Tuesday morning I returned home
shortly after 7 o'clock and got myself in
readiness to start to the depot to meet
mamma and Carl. Whil« X -was arranging
my hair I heard a peculiar noise, in the
kitchen pantry. At first I paid no atten
tion to the incident, but five minutes
later the noise was renewed, and believ
ing it was caused by rats I went to tha
back yard and got the family cat. Then
I quietly opened the pantry door and said,
'Catch 'em, kitty."
"Just then an ugly-looking man ap
peared, and staring me l:i the face said:
" "Well, now. If there is; going to be any
catching I will do it.'
"Of course, I was thoroughly frightened,
and the fact that every door and window
In the house was locked securely Hashed
over my mind instantly. In fact, I was
almost stunned for a moment and did not
know what to do. Upcn regaining my
senses my first thought was, what means
should I : adopt in defending myself? Run
ning into the front room the first object I
saw was a saber, which my sister and I
had often used at practice. Naturally I
am somewhat efficient with its use. for
when papa lived in Los Angeles he had
sister take fencing lessons from a French
professor for several months. When I
took the saber into my hands I turned
around and saw that the stranger had
followed me into the room, j Looking at a
center table he saw a long sword, which
papa uses at lodge. He Quickly rushed
by me, and picking it up said angrily:
" 'If that is your game, two can play
at it.' - .
Brave Miss Lemon's Story.
Miss Nlta and her sister are expert
fencers, having taken lessons of profes
sional swordsmen. Without a word tha
girl caught up a heavy, saber standing in
a corner of tha parlor and menaced her
antagonist, who retreated until he caught
sight of a light sword lying on a table.
He grasped this, saying:: "If that is your
game, I'm in on it." x
With that they confronted one another
and the fight began. The girl was finally
wounded in the left arm and her clothing
slashed in several places. Realizing that
she was fighting- for her life, she fought
desperately, and . finally struck her op
ponent a heavy blow on the shoulder with
the back, of the saber that caused him to
stagger. Before he could recover Miss"
Nita pressed her advan tage and struck
him again on the neck, just under the ear.
He fell and the girl, not waiting to see
the result, fled to the house of a neighbor,
whence shortly afterward the stranger
was seen running across fields from the
house. • .
SAX BERNARDINO, July 5.— "Two or
three times I could have run my saber
clear through my adversary, but tha
thought of seeing blood stopped me. .My
chief thought was to protect myself and
escape. I had no desire -whatever to hurt
him. He thrust at me several times, but
only once did he hurt me, and that was
oh the arm. The wound la quite sore and
pains me considerably, but I will venture
he yet feels that blow I gave him, on
the head.'*
Thus spoke Miss Nlta Lemon, the 17
year-old daughter of Charles Lemon, a
conductor on the Santa Fe. In describing
to-night her experiences in one of tha
most remarkable sword duels on record.
The young girl, attacked by a strange
man, who invaded her home while she
was alone, had picked up a saber with
which to defend herself. Her assailant,
himself an adept at fencing, had seized
the weapon's mate. In the battle for life
that followed Miss Lemon's expert sword
play stood her in such good stead that
she succeeded in puttin;? her opponent to
flight after herself receiving a slight
scratch on the arm.
Miss Lemon's father was in Bakers
field and her mother in San Fran
cisco, and the young lady was left
to stop with her grandparents at
night and to care for the house by day.
On Tuesday morning wtile making a tour
of inspection of her home she was sud
denly confronted by a man whom she de
scribes as French in appearance and ac
terit. The man was between her and the
door and advanced toward her with hos
tile mien. .•-, .
Sj-eclal IMspatch to The Call.
THE SAN FKANC1SCO WcALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
2
Perpetuate Pleasant Pictures
MUNIFICENT OFFER MADE TO CITY
. - ¦ - —
MINT OFFICIALS ARE SUSPENDED,
HAS A GOOD BECOBD.
Difficult Digestion
That is dyspepsia. . .
It makes life miserable.
Its sufferers eat not because they want
to — but simply because they must.
They know they are irritable and fret-
ful ; but they cannot be otherwise.
.They complain of a bad taste in the
m/uth, a .tenderness at .the : plt of the
fttomach; an uneasy feeling of. puffy full-
liess, headache, heartburn and what not.
' The effectual remedy, pra vedl>y penha-
hent cures of thousands of severe cases, la
Hood's Sarsaparilla
JIOOD'S PJLtiS ar» the best cathartic.
ADVEBTISEM^TS. .'
No other soap is worth hav-
ing as a gift. Fels-Naptha
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
. Fels &.Co., makers, Philadelphia.
OONOESHCEA AJTD UHINAB.Y DI3CHARS33
rF^L. *i \ r\ V t ti£ m^ Sir fSi£n
A CURE US 43 HOURS,It would not he possible for me during
the next year to make a canvass for the
Senate and at the same time administer
to my own satisfaction the important and
responsible office I now hold. I am in
fluenced solely in this action by what
seems to me the plain proprieties of the
situation."
Dawes' term of office would not have
expired until January 1, 1903.
most desperate prisoners In the Federal
Jail here overturned the guards at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon and escaped. The
prisoners armed themselves with pistols
found outside the cell doors.
James Brummett and George Barclay,
under sentence to be hanged for killing
J. J. Pool In the Osage Nation, were the
last to get away. The jail door had been
closed by a guard, who ,was seized by
Brummett and thrown to the floor.
Brummett went east through the most
thickly settled portion of the city.
All the other prisoners ran in the direc
tion of the Cottonwood River. Officers
and citizens were soon in pursuit. By
hard work on the part of 'the Federal
officers and the citizens all of those who
broke jail were recaptured except Lee
Reed and Bob Harden.
Naval Battle on the Bay.
SAN DIEGO, July 6.— The fourth day
of the carnival found the people still com
ing into the city, though the celebration
of the Fourth had passed. The climax
of the carnival will come to-morrow night
with the naval battle on the bay. After
ward the streets will be open for a masked
carnival, lasting until the following morn
ing. To-day the celebration was carried
on at Tent City, on the Coronado side of
the bay. and thousands made the trip to
view the attractions there. Two bands
were in attendance and concerts were
given morning, afternoon and night.
Stolen Goods in His Room.
BAN JOSE, July 5.— Leo Conn, a clerk
employed by L>. Hart & Son in their store
at Santa Clara and Market streets, was
arrested to-day on a charge of grand lar
ceny. This morning 1 it was discovered
that Cohn gave a false check in a pur
chase made and had pocketed $1 50. This
aroused suspicion and the young man's
room was searched. There were found
two overcoats, two suits of clothes, silk
handkerchiefs and other poods believed
to have been stolen from the store. Cohn
came here five weeks ago from. Honolulu.
Bis parents reside In San Francisco.
GUTHRIE, O. T., July 5.— Ten of the
PRISONERS OVERPOWER
GUARDS AND ESCAPE
NEARLY A MILLION IN
GOLD ON THE DOLPHIN
Steamer From Skaguay !Lrings News
of Several Drownings 'on
the Yukon.
SEATTLE, July 5.— The steamer Dol
phin arrived from Skaguay to-day with
eighty passengers and $800,000 iri gold. Of
the gold $500,000 was consigned to the
Canadian Bank of Commerce and $300,000
was divided between about twenty Klon
dike men. A large shipment of gold, the
second of the season by the St. Michael
route, was shipped from Dawson on June
29. It is to be brought from St. Michael
on the Roanoke. The consignment was
company and bank treasure, about 51,000,
000 being owned by the North American
Trading and Transportation Company.
The Dolphin brings news of several
drownings on the Yukon River. Al Rick
stead and David Valentine were drowned
by the overturning of their canoe two
weeks ago. Last Monday an unknown San
Francisco man and Phil Gordon met death
below Lake Lebarge. Their canoe upset
during a squall. The bodies have not yet
been recovered.
LEAPS FROM A TRAIN
BUT FAILS . TO ESCAPE
Montana Prisoner Risks His Life to
;¦;, I Obtain Liberty and Is Re
captured..
BUTTB, Mont., July 5.— James Rowland,
alias Henry Styne, who claims St. Paul
as his home, was taken to the peniten
tiary to-day to serve a term of three years
for forgery, to which he had pleaded
guilty. On his way to the penitentiary
In charge of Sheriff Furey, Styne Jumped
from a car window while i the train was
going about forty miles an hour. He es
caped injury by the jump, but the train
was stopped and the Sheriff and a num
ber of passengers chased the fugitive and
recaptured him after a run ofXa mile.
Styne and a companion robbed the ex
press office at Stanton, Minn., where "they
stole a number of money orders, which
they forged and passed in Butte. The
other man eluded the officers by jumping
out of a third-story window when Styne
was arrested. ¦ >,-¦ •/ ; ¦ - •
Terrell Goes to San Quentin.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— Samuel B. Terrell,
the attorney who was convicted of forg
ery and sentenced to a term of four years
in San Quentin, left for his prison home
to-day. He has been in jail more than
two years and has stubbornly fought
every Indictment presented against him.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between Ban Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask U.
M. Fletcher, 212 California street. v . •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
OF INTEREST. 'TO, PEOPLE <
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postofiice Department Makes Changes
in the Service and Pensions^
Are Issued, i' '¦; ¦ V
WASHINGTON. July 5.— The following
orders \were issued by the Postoffice . De
partment to-day: Postoffice established:
Oregon— Riverdale, Tillamook County,
Theodore P. Bowlby Postmaster. Post
master commissioned: California— Harry
D. Ley, Lone Tree. Appointed: Califor
nia — A. W. Lee, Lemon, Los Angeles, vice
Laura R. Hymer, resigned; A. L. Fish,
Tesla, Alameda County, vice W. H,
Henry, resigned. *
Oregon— J. M. Stubblefleld, Monument,
Grant County, vice J. C. Cochran, re
signed.
These pensions were issued to-day; Cali
fornia. Original— John J. Case, Modesto,
$12; Charles Brown, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12; Justice Colona, Stockton,
$6. Increase — John Turner, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; August Rumpf,
San Diego, $10; George W. Vance, San
Francisco, $10; Elisha Gordon, San Fran
cisco, $12; Mathias Esch, San Francisco,
$10. Original widows— Catherine Brown,
San Francisco, $8; Harriet E. Train, Al
hambra, $8; Jennie P. Douglass, Los An
geles, $8; Maria A. Nestell, Oakland, 58;
Eliza A. Clark, San Bernardino, $8.
Oregon: Original— Henry Mossie, Ukiah,
$6; Frederick A. Freund, dead, Langlois,
$12. Increase — Francis R. Drake, Silvles,
$12. Original widow — Anna T. Freund,
Langlois.
Washington: Original — Charles H.
Wight, New Whatcom. $6. Original widow
Ella A. Holloway, Spokane, $8. - . ,
«
AMERICAN INTERESTS
. SAFE IN VENEZUELA
This Inference Is Drawn by Officials
Because of the Departure of
the Mayflower.
WASHINGTON. July- 5^— American in
terests in Venezuela are not apparently
menaced by internal troubles. This is the
Inference drawn by naval officials to-day
from a dispatch received announcing that
the Mayflower had left La Guayra for San
Juan, Porto Rico. No statement relative
to conditions in Venezuela accompanied
the dispatch. The authorities say that
had a situation existed which was dan
gerous to American interests the May
flower would not have left Venezuelan
waters. The State Department believes
that the Mayflower's visit has had a good
effect, as it has established the purpose
of the United States to send a warship to"
Venezuela whenever it desires to do so
and has shown that Mr. Loomis was not
responsible, as charged by the Venezuelan
press, for the repeated visits of American
warships to La Guayra,
MTTRDEIt AND SUICIDE
IN AN ARIZONA TOWN
Clifton Man Kills His Wife and Him
self While Supposedly
Insane.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 5.— Ed Harwell
shot his wife through the head at Clifton
on Sunday, killing her instantly. He then
turned his revolver upon himself and blew
out his brains. The tragedy was not dis
covered for nearly four hours, though the
shots had been heard by neighbors. When
they finally entered the house they found
the woman sitting at the dinner table
dead, having been shot from behind, the
bullet entering back of her left ear. Har
well was lying on his back on the floor,
toward the door.
No reason can be ascribed for the deed
except temporary insanity, as the couple
have had no trouble that the public is
aware of. There was no suspicion of
Jealousy and they were financially in easy
circumstances. Mrs. Harwell and her
daughter, a beautiful child of ten years,
were to have left on the following day on
a visit to relatives In Texas. All prepar
ations were made for this journey and
Harwell was seemingly pleased at their
contemplated summer's happiness, having
remarked as much to friends the day be
fore. , • . _ _
MILITIA WILL ASK
FOR A CAMP CANTEEN
Members of the Wisconsin National
Guard Are to Petition the State
Executive.
MILWAUKEE, July B.-Steps are being
taken by State militia officers lor the es-
tablishment of fi. regimental canteen when
the troops go into camp this year at Camp
Douglass. All the regimental officers of
the first battalion and Major Lynch of the
tenth battalion believe that the recent in-,
terference of religions people has resulted
In more carousing and drunkenness at
Camp Douglass than there ever was be
fore. They also assert that conditions
would be Improved with the canteen al
lowed. Governor La Follette must be ap
plied to for leave, and a petition on this
line will probably be taken up soon.
TOY CANNON WELL UP
IN CASUALTY RETUBNS
Fourth of July Accidents Show Twen
ty-Five Dead and Nearly Two
' Thousand Injured.
CHICAGO, July 5.— Revised and com
plete reports coming from all parts of the
Country to the Tribune show the following
to have been the casualties of yesterday
due to celebrating the Fourth: ¦
Dead, 25: injured, 1813; fire loss $128,1S5.
Those who were Injured suffered from
the following causes: Fireworks, 750; toy
pistols, 225; toy cannon, 244; firearms, 290;
loose gunpowder, -256; injured in run
aways, 38. Total. 1813.
Bulls Chase the Toreadors.
OMAHA, July 5.— Three more angry and
active bulls fruitlessly chased half a doz
en toreadors in the arena at the 'South
Omaha Street Fair this afternoon. None
of the animals and none of the men were
Injured.
Local Talent Scores a Hit.
- TOMAL.ES, July 5.— "Uncle Rube" was
played in the'Publlc Hall here last night
to a' crowded house. The play was excep
tionally well presented by local talent. The
roles -, of Taggs, by Mrs. Meacham, and
Uncle Rube., by E. S. Meacham,~were well
taken. : Randall's band of ¦ San Francisco
supplied music' ' " .
The report was received with applause
«nd was unanimously adopted. Rabbi
Wise of Portland, Or., was elected one of
the directors. /
PHILADELPHIA. July 5.— The topic
which occupied most of the morning ses
sion of the annual conference of American
Rabbis to-day was "Whether or not the
religion of Jesus should be taught In the
Jewish theological schools." Last year a
committee consisting of Rabbis David
Phlllipson, G. Deutch and Joseph Kras
kopf was appointed to consider the mat
ter and report at this year's conference.
The following report, was submitted to
day: ' '
"Dogmatically speaking the position of
Judaism in respect to the founder of
Christianity is altogether negative as de
nying his divinity, though the pivot on
which Christianity revolves, Jesus of
Nazareth, has no place In Jewish theol
ogy. The conception of his historical po
sition and of his significance in the de
velopment of religion is a matter of in
dividual view and conviction, as is also
the pointing out and application to tho
Jewish nature of many of the beautiful
moral teachings attributed to Jesus, but
these cannot form part nor be Incorpor
ated In any official statement or declara
tion of Jewish belief."
Report Submitted Re
garding the Teach
v ings of Christ.
RABBIS DEFINE
THEIR DOCTRINE
NEW YORK. July 5.— By the will of the
late Jacob S. Rogers, the millionaire loco
motive builder of Paterson, N. J., the
Metropolitan Museum of Art in this city
Is to receive an enormous endowment
fund of anywhere from $5,750,000 to 57,750,
000. With the exception of eight bequests
amounting to only $250,000, the entire es
tate of the eccentric old gentleman, who
for years led the life of a scml-recluse,
is bequeathed to the museum that is de
voted to matters concerning which Rog
ors had little knowledge and In which he
was supposed to have even less interest.
This prfneely endowment will" put the
Metropolitan Museum of Art on a basis
of financial resources superior, probably;
to that of any similar institution in the
world. It raises it from a position . of
comparatively narrow resources to one of
great affluence.
The estimate of ?20,000.000 as Rogers'
fortune, which frequently was made prior
to his death, undoubtedly is In excess of
the real amount. He was secretive con
cerning his affairs to a. degree that at
times seemed to amount to absurdity. He
left deeds which give promise to being
the basis of one of the greatest will con
tests ever known in the New Jersey
courts. Nowhere in his will is there a
provision which cuts off any of the indi
vidual legatees if they make a contest.
In other words* not one of them has any
thing to lose and all of them have every
thing to gain by attacking the will.
It is not merely the relatives of Rogers
who are disappointed by the terms of his
will. The city of Paterson, where he and
his father before him made all his vast
fortune, gets not one cent from him, in
any shape whatever. It was fully ex
pected by many that he would at least
give to the city for a public park a large
tract of land which he owned in the
heart of the resident' district- This wide,
unkept area, with Its shabby fences and
general air of neglect, has long been an
eyesore in the thriving little city.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Remarkable Provision in
the Will of the Late
Jacob Rogers.
GIVES MILLIONS
TO A MUSEUM
WASHINGTON. July 5.^-Charles
G. Dawes, Comptroller of the
Currency, has tendered his
resignation to the President,
to take effect October 1 next.
In answer to an inquiry Mr. Dawes said:
"I have resigned because of my inten
tion to be a candidate before the people
of Illinois for the United States Senate.
The men attended an Italian dance at
Monocgahela last night, and afterward,
it is understood, took a keg of beer and
went to one of the rooms of the mine.
The wet weather caused an accumulation
of firedamp in the room and all were suf
focated.
PITTSBTJRG, July 5.— Four Itallun min
ers were found dead In an abandoned coal
mine at Catsburg. They were Steve Cos
key, Andrew Getzlinski, Mike ilanownski
and Frank Yanky.
Italians Are the Victims o:E Fire
Damp While Engaged ir.
Merriment.
FOUR MEN PERISH r -
IN" ABANDONED MUTE
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 5.— A meeting
of the head traffic men of the various rail
roads in the Harriman system and J. C.
Stubbs, traffic director of the Harriman
system, was held here to-day and g-eneral
plans were discussed for the interchange
of traffic between the roads.
The meeting was held for tho purpose
of arriving at a perfect understanding in
regard to the new traffic relations of the
roads and the discussion took up the
greater part of the day. The railroad of
ficials present at the meeting wera Gen
eral Passenger Agent E. L. Lomax of the
Union Pacific, Omaha; D. E. Burley, gen
eral passenger agent; X>. T>. Spencer, as
sistant general passenger agent, and J. A.
Reeves, assistant general freight agent.
Oregon Short Line, Salt Lake; William
Sproule, freight traffic manager; E. O.
McCormick, passenger traffic m:inager.
Southern Pacific, San Francisco; C. H.
Markham, general freight and paiwenger
agent Southern Pacific, Portland, Or.;
Ben Campbell, traffic manager, and J. L.
Craig, general passenger agent, Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company. Port
land. Stubbs will go East to-morrow.
Representatives of the Hariiman
System and J. C. Stubbs Sold an
Important Conference.
RAILWAY TRAFFIC MEN
DISCUSS A SCHEDULE
LONDON. July 5.— The Lord Chancel
lor. Lord Halsbury. to-day informed Earl
Russell that he will be tried July 18. be
fore the House of Lords, on the charge of
bijsamy.
Eiissell Informed of Trial Date.
ALBANY. Mo.. July 5.— E. M. McCon
key. a young farmer, killed his neighbor.
John Bryant, and Bryant's son, with a
club This" morning. Ke then shot himself,
r-ut is Ftill alive. McConkey is supposed
to bo insane.
Farmer Commits Double Murder.
The son disappeared after the shooting
si.ci t!i.: officers have thus far been unable
to find him. It is supposed he has com
mitted suicide. The elder Windsor was
fortxxniy Sheriff of Sussex County. He
was proprietor of the Windsor Hotel.
MILFORD, Del.. July 5.— Upon the re
fusal of his father. Thomas B. Windsor,
to allow him the use of a team for a
drive yesterday afternoon, Edward Wind
sor procured his shoteun and fired a
charge into his father's breast. The at
tending physicians say Windsor will die.
and Is Thought to Have Com
mitted Suicide.
Delaware Man the Cause of Murder
SHOOTS HIS FATHER
AND THEN DISAPPEARS
Lleyers was expelled five rears ago and
would have been barred from, bringing
suit by the statute of limitations in a few
days.
COLCMBUS. Ohio. July 5.— Allen O.
Meyers to-day brought suit in the United
Etates District Court here for $50,000 dam
ages asreinst the Grand Lodge of Elks.
Ke claims that he was wrongfully and
illegally expelled from the order, thai his
newspaper, the Elk. was destroyed, and
his history of the Elks rendered valueless
and the ritual of the order, of which he
was the author and proprietor, was ap
propriated and is now in u^e, for all of
which he asks damages in the amount'
stated-
Damages Amounting to Fifty
Thousand Dollars.
Former Member of the Elks "Wants
SAYS HE WAS EXPELLED
FBOM OBSEB tt.t.t-bat.t.y
Secretary Hitchcock stated at the Cabi
net meeting that the proclamation open
ing to settlement the Wichita. Kiowa and
Comariche lands in Oklahoma would be
priven to the press for publication next
Monday. The date of the opening will not
be announced until that time.
Postmaster General Smith explained
how the revenues of the postal service
were beir.gr kept at a point far below
what they would be but for the fact that
under the present classification a large
class of periodicals was being handled at
the rate of 1 cent a pound, which was a
treat financial loss to the service. It was
his purpose to modify the regulations so
as to compel this class of publications to
pay S cents a pound instead of 1. as now.
These new regulations, it is said, will be
Issued in a few days.
WASHINGTON. July 5.— The Cabinet
was in session about two hours to-day
and devoted the time largely to minor
matters.
Some Periodicals Must Soon
Pay More Money.
Cabinet Informed That Publishers of
BATE WTLL BE RAISED _ .
BY POSTHASTES GENERAL
WASHINGTON, July B.-Tho
tenth day • of ¦ the present
heated term was again a
scorcher, except where severe
• thunderstorms, local rains or
violent atmospheric changes induced cool
weather. In. Arkansas, the East 'Gulf
States, Northern Ohio, and New York
thunderstorms brought relief. -In South
eastern New England also cooler weather
'prevailed, the temperature falling frem
six to ten degrees. ' )
To-night the- weather bureau officials
say the only prospect , for relief from the
heat lies In the occurrence of storms.
There is no promise, they say, of general
thunderstorms sufficient to make a con
siderable fall in the temperature. Local
thunderstorms will give temporary local
relief, but weatner bureau officials say
permanent relief will not come until
heavy storms or local rains prevail.
In Chicago a promise of a short respite
from the heat is given. New York to-day
{ad a two-Inch aownpour of Tain which
sent the thermometer down to 76. East
of. the Allegheny Mountains the tempera
ture rose generally a few degrees over
the highest of yesterday and in portions
of the Southwest it warmed up also, in
Arkansas and -Oklahoma maximum tem
peratures of over 100 being recorded.
Washington was the warmest place
east of the Alleghenies to-day, the maxi
mum, temperature recorded being 95.
There was- not much humidity, • but the
air was lively and the day was very try
ing.- ,~x "¦¦-- ¦--.. ''•...,
"¦ General* John W.' Darr, formerly of Fort
Scott, Kans., who served on the staff of
General Garfleld during the civil war, is
critically -ill from heat prostration.
i.Some of the maximum temperatures re
ported to -the weather bureau include the
following: New York, 90; Philadelphia,
90: Chicago, 90; Cincinnati, 92: St. Louis,
100;- Kansas City, 90: North Platte. Neiu
94; Dodgo City, Kani, 96; Oklahoma, 102.
COOLS OFF THE MILLIONS.
Severe Thunderstorm Sweeps - Over
Stricken New Yorkers.
NEW YORK, July 5.— Seven deaths and
twelve prostrations occurred in the bor
oughs of Manhattan and the Bronx be
tween the hours of 2 a. m. Friday and 1:30
o'clock this morning from the heat. One
death and five prostrations occurred In
the borough of Brooklyn during the same
hours.
A severe thunderstorm swept over this
city this afternoon and brought with It
comfort to millions of heat-stricken New
Yorkers. The temperature fell 15 degrees
in less than two hours and over two inches
of rain fell. The lightning struck several
buildings, but no serious damage was
done. Fort George afforded a fine sweep
for the storm this afternoon and many of
the buildings there were leveled to the
ground, or so badly damaged that they
will have to be rebuilt. . The total damage
is estimated at $50,000.
PHILADELPHIA, July 5.— Deaths and
prostrations from the excessive heat con
tinued to-day, about a dozen fatalities and
nearly three times that many prostra
tions being reported. Although the maxi
mum temperature was_ lower to-day than
for a week past,' the day was uncomfort
able. The percentage or humidity was
quite high throughout the day and to
night the atmosphere is uncomfortably
close.. The. maximum temperature to-day
was. reached at 1 p. m., when 91 degrees
was reported. It hovered around 90 the
entire afternoon, and <u 8 p. m. it was
standing at 88 degrees. The humidity to
night was 64 per cent.
CHICAGO, July 5.— Cool breezes from
the northwest this evening broke the term
of hot weather, but before they came nine
persons had died, seven more were pros
trated and one man attempted suicide. .
1 The maximum temperature of the day
VALLEJO, July tl.— Some malicious per
son attempted to destroy the new resi
dence of George F. Harri3 on the corner
of Santa Clara and Carolina streets last
night by piling. brush against it and set
ting fire to the brush. Fortunately tho
blaze was discovered in. time to prevent
material damage.
Incendiary's Attempt Fails.
NEWARK, Ohio, July 5.— True Cressy,
a stovemolder, whose family Hve3 in Ber
lin, Wash., was found unconscious In a
"barn here this evening and died an hour
later. A note found on Cressy's body
signed by himself, In which he said he
feared a man named Robert Wilson had
given him knockout drops to rob him of
$200. Tho- Coroner is investigating the
case. . ¦
Mysterious Death of a Molder.
WASHINGTON.. July 5.— The Post to
morrow will publish a special from its
owner at Carlsbad, Germany, saying that
General and Mrs. Russell A. Alger are
staying there and that the health of the
former is improving rapidly. The special
says that when General Alger's attention
was called to a published statement
apropos of the late Dr. Daly's death, to
the effect that the army beef scandals in
which Dr. Daly was conspicuous had re
sulted in General Alger's retirement from
the Cabinet, the . general said that the
beef controversy had nothing to do with
his retirement from the Cabinet.
CINCINNATI, July 5.— There were many
arrivals to-day and to-night for the Inter
national Christian Endeavor convention,
which begins to-morrow. Among the ar
rivals to-day were President Francis E.
Clark, Secretary John "W. Baer and Treas
urer William Shaw, who came from Bos
ton on what was known as the official
train. Nearly all of the delegations were
met by reception committees on their re
spective trains some distance out of the
city and by escorts on arriving at the dif
ferent stations here. The business ses
sions will be held to-morrow and the
opening meetings to-morrow night. .
General Alger Improves at Carlsbad.
Endeavorers Gather in Cincinnati.
Decision on Naval Advancements.
"WASHINGTON, July 5.—Upon an ap
peal taken by Rear Admiral Frederick"
Rodg-ers from the action of the auditor
for the Navy Department, disallowing his
claim for the pay and allowances of a
major general of the army from February
11 to March 13. 1901, as a rear admiral
above the lowest nine numbers of that
grade*-a decision has been rendered by
Assistant Comptroller of the Treasury L.
P. Mitchell. In effect he decides that of
fices of the navy advanced in numbers
pursuant to law for services in the Span
ish war and carried as additional num
bers, are advanced contemporaneously
¦with the officers next above them. He
holds that they cannot be counted in de
termining what officers in the -grade of
rear admiral belong to the next lowest
numbers in estimating the pay of officers
of that grade.
The method has been for persons' to ac
quire them under the homestead lav/ and
then transfer them tt> those desiring thorn,
who would be unable to acquire them in
large tracts themselves, as the amount
that. can- be acquired by an individual. is
limited. It is understood that persons ac
quiring titles have been. given money to
pay the Government price for the land
and all fees and $100 for their services. As
every person who acquires land upder tho
law must make- affidavit to his intention
to use the land himself and swear that
no one else has any interest in his ac
quisition the fraudulent method of secur
ing land 'involves perjury.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.; WASHINGTON, July 5.— Interior De
partment officials are much Interested in
the revelations being made in the Federal
courts in Montana and Idaho of wholesale
frauds committed" in taking up timber
lands under the homestead lav/. No of!i
cial information has been received, as the
local Grand Juries and District Attorneys
have worked entirely independent. Tho
department only knows l'r.om the;news
papers that Senator Clark is understood to
have bought lands in Montana alleged to
have been illegally acquired. - .: ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I DAVENPORT, la., July 6.— There were
two deaths here to-day from the extreme
heat.
BALTIMORE. July 5.— At 8 o'clock this
morning the thermometer registered S4 de
grees and the mercury kept on ascending
until the maximum temperature of 94 de
grees was reached at 4 p. m. At 8 o'clock,
to-night it had fallen but 5 degrees. Thir
teen deaths and eleven prostrations had
been reported ,to the" police during the
twonty-four hours ended at midnight.
was, In the weather bureau office, 90 de
gress, on the street level 95. The wind
blew hard all day, shifting from the
southwest to the northwest, but at sunset
it settled in the latter point and the fall
of the mercury was steady until 76 was
reached. "Not so warm" is promised for
Saturday and Sunday.
Property After Illegal
Acquirement.
» ¦ — • \
Senator Clark' Has Bought
Interior Department Is
Interested in Recent i
Revelations.
LAND FRAUDS
AND PERJURY
Official notice of this action will be sent
to the President at Canton, and he will is
sue a proclamation, as required by the
Foraker act, directing that duties shall
cease on July 25. This will put trade be
tween Porto Rico and ports of the United
States on the same footing as trade be
tween any two States of the Union. As
it elves considerable advantage to plant
ers of the Island over other islands in the
West Indies, it is expected to lead to
Increased prosperity.
This action ¦will be taken under the pro
vision of the Foraker act that tariff
duties provided for in that act shall cease
upon the enactment and putting into op
eration of a system of local taxation ade
quate to the necessities of the govern
ment of Porto Rico. Such legislation has
been enacted and put into operation, and
the Legislature of Porto Rico has fixed
July 25 as the date for the establishment
of free trade.
CALL. BUREAU, 1«6 O STREET. N.
V?., WASHINGTON. July 6.— President
McKinley. as soon as he has been of
ficially notified of the action of the Porto
Rican Legislature In decreeing fre« trade
with the United States, will Issue a
proclamation directing: that all Imports
from Porto Rico into the United States
and all imports from the United States
into Porto Rico shall be free of duty.
£i*cisJ Dispatch to Th* Call.
Provision in the Foraker Law
Under Which the Legis
lature Takes Action.
Established With
the Island.
Free Trade Soon to Be
NEW PROSPERITY
FOR PORTO RICO
Colonel Thomas "Ward, acting 1 adjutant
general, sent a cablegram, to Havana to
day, regarding a change of station for an
officer of General Wood's command. A
reply received from the adjutant general
of Cuba states that It Is not now possible
to consult General Wood and that the
matter will have to be put aside for th«
present.
Earlier reports from Havana statefl that
General Wood was getting along as well
as could be expected. Secretary Root re
ceived a letter yesterday dated July 1 an
nouncing that General Wood had a mild
attack of typhoid fever. It looks to the
officials aa though his condition ha3
grown serious since the letter was mailed.
Secretary Root has decided that if Gen
eral Wood becomes so ill that It will ba
Impossible for him to transact business ha
will order Colonel Samuel M. Whitside,
Tenth Cavalry, now at Santiago, Cuba, to
Havana to act as Governor General.
CAXJj BUREAU. 1406 G STREET*. N.
W.. "WASHIJTGTOX. July 5.— Official ad
vices received by the "War Department to
day from Havana indicate that Brigadier
General Leonard "Wood, Governor General
of Cuba, Is a very sick man.
facial Dispatch to Tho Call.
Colonel Whitside May Be
Ohosen to Conduct the
Island's Affairs.
Governor of Cuba Is Not
Able to Attend to
Duties.
GENERAL WOOD
NOW VERY SICK
TENTH DAY OF HOT WAVE
BRINGS GREAT SCORCHER
Local Rains, Severe Thunderstorms or Violent
Atmospheric "Changes Cause Cooler
Weather and Relief in< Some Localities
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, /JULY 6, 1901.
Charles G. Dawes Gives Up. Good Federal
Position in Order to Become a Candidate
for a Seat in the United States Senate
COMPTROLLER OF CURRENCY
TENDERS HIS RESIGNATION
CHARLES G. DAWES, COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY, WHO HAS
TENDERED HIS RESIGNATION IN ORDER TO ENTER THE RACE
IN ILLINOIS FOR THE UNITED STATES SENATE.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WO6II 175 IDS.
FCP01CP WehjM 135 "
Gsln 49 lbs.
Tber<* are people who say that the
benefit derived from the use of put-up
medicines is imaginary. It is not the
case with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion, which -makes weak women strong
and sick women well. A woman may
imagine she's weak, or may fancy she's
rick, but her imagination can't add forty
pounds to her weight. The positive
proof oi the curative power of r Favorite
Prescription " is found in the restoration
of health which is recorded in face and
form, of strength which can be tested,
and weight which can be registered in
pounds and ounces.
The general health _ of women is so
intimately connected with the local
health of the •womanly organs that
when these are diseased the whole body
suffers loss. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription enres womanly diseases. It
establishes regularity, stops weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness.
• I am very glad to let other poor sufferers
know what "Dr. Pierce's medicines have done
for me," •writes Mrs. Edwin H. Gardner, of
Bcechwood. Jfovfelk Co., Mass. (Box 70.) "You
know I wrote to you last summer. I read what
vour medicine had done for other people, so
thought I would try it. and I fonna it was a
blessing to me and my family. I began in June
and took six hottlcs of your medicine, and three
vials of ' Pellets.' I took your medicine a year
when I had a ten-pound girl. I bad the easiest
time I ever had with any of my three children.
I have been very well since I took your medi-
cine. I took three bottles of * Favorite Prescrip-
tion,' three of ! Golden Medical Discovery.' and
three vials of ' Pellets.' I had no appetite and
could not eat much without it distressing me
before I took jour ' Favorite Prescription,' and I
only weighed 135 pounds. How I weigh 175."
,Dr. Pierce's Common Sense : Medical
Adviser is stntfree on receipt of- 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Bai-
felo, N. Y.
I
....-"-¦'- I ¦
The world-famed Regal Slioes are now on sale in this city.
The Store at the corner of Geary and Stockton Streets is the only
one West of the Missouri River where shoes are sold direct from tannery
This is the Regal method. The manufacturers of Regal Shoes own
and .maintain retail stores in all the principal cities of the country. The
San Francisco store is the latest to be established.
SHoes sold by .ordinary methods are handled many times unnecessarily.
. This handling costs money. It makes a shoe of. the same value as the Regzil
cost more. It makes a shoe sold at the Regal price worth much less. The
Regal method eliminates ; this handling. It saves to the shoe wearer all these
unnecessary profits. It gives to the - shoe wearer $3.50 worth of rcibl
shoe value for $3.50. It gives a shoe the'equal in every respect of any $6.00
shoe .sold by ordinary methods.
All styles of Regal Shoes sell at the one price — $3.50. The styles
are exact duplicates of the patterns *now made by the high priced custom
bootmakers of . London, Paris and. New York.
Regals are made in 162 styles and 121 sizes — -a style for every taste
— a fit for every natural foot.
There are 26 styles of Oxfords, (low cut) the -popular Summer shape.
Women's Regal Shoes are made in all the. Corner Geary and -"* >>
popular styles, both 'dainty and mannish. c+ i~+ c# - :^> 1^^^ 4^V
, The same. reasons which account for the otOCfCtonJtS. >*~~* r ';§!'
superiority of Men's Regal Shoes, apply >^?>";TS55£ Ji?
equally well to \ the Women's styles. "-~-"-"-"*I-— .2?i
Women's Regain Shoes . are obtainable ,'-'¦*** S^^h
through our Mail Order Department. «? c f f I I' 1 ©:!
Address : X. C. BLISS & CO., Manu- I-'^J^^^^
facturers, 109 Summer Street, Boston, Mass; \^'* .Lrrll- , { (7 '--\-J^fc£&v ~-
¦;¦-'¦¦ a 1 ''-- '-" '¦••- --'¦*• -.-—I..... — SJlgjv^s*-^" ; -¦ ~1&&&
Catalogue of Men's ancnVomen's Shoes sent post-paid g^" — "". ~ ** ' "- ~^m&'
:^iX s 'on application. >— -._, -•' • HT>Play Poker With Chips
And cards, too, of course. We have all
styles and onr prices satisfy every one.
Largest stock in town of playing cards.
poKer _ chips, game counters, tally cards,
etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co., Wl Market St. *
Owing to the absence from Sausalito of
Major and Mrs. T, W. M. Draper, Mrs.
Mason and her daughters, Miss Constance
Borrpwe and other golfers no event took
place, on .the Fort Baker links on the
Fourth. It is probable that, there will be
no scheduled contests on the Sausalito
course until early in September. The club
house Is ready for occupation and the
work of improving the course will be pro
ceeded with. . •- r- ---'..
The council of the San Rafael Golf Club
held a meeting on the Fourth and elected
the following officers: Captain, George
Heazelton; vice captain, A. A. Curtis;
house committee— George Heazelton, Dr.
H. Q.' Howltt and A. A. Curtis; green
committee— George Heazelton, R. . Gilman
Brown and R:.J. Davis. The course of the
San Rafael' Golf "Club was crowded with
players . on the Fourth,* 7 " there i being driv
ing and approaching contests and a handi
cap over. .eighteen, holes for -men, and a
nutting"; contest and nine-hole . handicap
for ladles. , In the 'men's -driving contest
each competitor was allowed to drive five
balls, the ? longest carry counting. The
event was won by Douglas Hardy, with a
drive ! having a clear carry of 195 yards.
Graham Babcock was second, with a ball
¦'¦'¦¦ vi... t ¦
AMONG THE GOLFERS
At the San Francisco handball courts to
morrow the following matches • will be
played:
Tournament "games, first class: J. Collins
vs. . WV-, Magiiire. Second class; R. Mur
phy vs. T. Leach: M. McDonald and M.
Levy vs. P. Ryan and P. Gau-ghan; M.
McNeil and P. McKinnon vs. G. McDon
ald and H. Racouillet, J. Feeney and D.
Griffin vs. W. Walsh and M. Dillon. W. H.
Sleberst and J. J. : Kavanaugh vs. W. H.
Lissner and W. H. Kedian, A. McVirker
and T. Leach vs. J. Condon and T. Lydon,
P. Basch and M. 'Joyce vs. J. Lawless and
M. Berwln, J. Harlow and E. Maloney vs.
J. Riordan,and E. Curley. M. J. Kllgallon
and J. White vs. R. Llnehan I and A.
Hampton.
The main event of the Fourth of July
Occidental Club games was that in which
Dr. 1 N. Wachhorst and Tom Creely beat
G. Kelly and J. Flynn three straight
games for a French dinner. The scientific
placing and tossing of the "doctor" was
the feature.
The games played were as follows: . B.
Clark and A. Woefel beat J. Griff en and
W. Glidden: 21—16. 12—21. 21—19; W. Gainey
and V.. Holland beat R. Grennan and F
Holland, 21—14, 18— 21, 21— 12; W. Winthrop
and M. Dolan beat D. Mahoney and W.
Rancell, 21—10, 20-21, 21— 14; Dr. N. Wach
horst and- T. A. Creely beat G. Kelly and
J. Flynn. 21— 13, 16—21, 21— 18; F. Stopff and
W. Stopff beat C. Barry and J. Walsh, 21 —
11, 19— 21, 21—14; A. McVlcker and W. Col
lins beat G. B. Hayward and H. McNevln
21—13.16—21, 21—10; J. Condon and T. Clem
ents beat L. Kenny and T. J. Lydon. 21—19
18—21, 21—13; A. Collins and W. Jacobs beat
G. Cunningham and J. D. MahMky, 21—
17, 13-7-21,' 21 — 15.. , \,.'. !••:.'.'. t ¦¦'¦'-
HANDBALL CONTESTS.
ROTHESAY, Firth of Clyde, July 5.— In
a fair trial to-day in a smart breeze
Shamrock I beat Shamrock II by over 200
yards in a three-mile turn to windward.
This is the "older yacht's most decisive
victory over the cup challenger.
In a second trial to-day the cup chal
lenger fared better. The course was a
broad reach down the channel. Starting
even, the challenger soon led by four
lengths. After rounding Garroch Head
the wind lightened, though it was still
fresh. The challenger gained slightly on
each reach. Half-way t>ome the Sham
rock II led by one and a half minutes.
Then, for no apparent reason, she lowered
her staysail, thus losing her lead. Keach
lng home the Shamrock I. led by a half
length. •
Cup Challenger Loses to
Shamrock I After a Decisive
Race—Reversal Follows
VICTOR AGAIN
AFTER FAIR
TRIAL.
There was a match on the Oakland links
on the Fourth between teams chosen by
Captain Orestes Pierce and Vice Captain
P. E. Bowles, all being eligible to play
who presented themselves before 11 a. m.
The attempt to establish an Alameda
golf club has fallen through, there being
no I land suitable for a course available
within a reasonable distance.
having a*, clear carry of 186 yards. The
men's approaching contest was won by
W. J. Casey, his average distance from
the cup: being seven feet. J. J. Crooks,
with an average distance of fifteen feet,
was secopd, the best three out of five
balls being averaged to make up the re
sult. In the ladies' putting contest each
competitor putted from, opposite points of
each of three greens, the winner being
Mrs. R; Gilman Brown, with 36 strokes;
Mrs. J. J. Crooks being second, with a
score of 40. The ladies' handicap over nine
holes, medal play, was won by Miss
Hecht, with a score of 43, Mrs. Skinner
being second. The best gross score was
Mrs. R. G. Brown's 53.
United States' District Judge de Haven
has reappointed for the term of four years
as United States - Commissioners George
E. Morse and J. S.Manley.
Reappointed Commissioners.
One limited fare, plus $2, from the East
to California . and .return, via Southern
Pacific, on home-seekers' excursions, semi
monthly, • this summer. Southern Pacific
agents will tie glad to furnish free Cali
fornia literature for. Eastern friends and
accept deposits for tickets. Short line
from all the principal Eastern cities.-
Tourist excursions personally conducted.'
Call on nearest agent Southern Pacific.
Low Round-Trip Bates West-Bound
for Home-Seekers. .:.
The, card for- this week's attraction • at
Union Park is made up of a fourteen-dog
sapling stake and an open event of 120
entries. . .
George Watson, a - celebrated Irish
courser, died recently. Mr. Watson was
a member of the Altcar and RIdgeway
clubs of England and. of various Irish
coursing associations. • : ¦¦.- . ¦
Twin City Girl has whelped a litter of
eight puppies, three dogs and five bitches,
to Emin Pasha. This Is .the last service
¦ of the great sire.'. Imported Hurrlcanc.has
been bred to Koolawn. • - • . •-.¦ I
E. M. Kellogg's Buck, the best per
former In the kennel, started a- stray hare
in the trees at Ingleside on Tuesday last,
and in giving chase ran heavily: against
a tree. He was so badly injured that he
had to be destroyed. ¦
Three biggest winners of the year: Palo
Alto $2370. Harlean Gladys $2062 50, Sacra
mento Boy $1907 50. " ' ; ¦ >.
Fifteen record limit stakes of 128 nom
inations were run during the season. Lit
tle Sister won 3. Palo Alto 3, Wedgewood
2, Candelaria, Whitehead, Warship,* Badi
Boy, Ireland and Royal Union 1 each.
Flying Fox and Luxor divided one.
Winning of imported dogs: Mose, Cham
pion stake, January 27; Sleepy Mist, mid
week stake, September 5; Crawford Braes,
second in. Midweek stake, July 11; Red
Angus, second in open' stake, November
25; Fiery 'Face, second in open stake,
March 0. . . '
Winning litters of the year: St. LaW
rence-Moonlight $4822 50, . Emin Pasha-
Geary's Bonnie Lass $4240. Of the Emin
Pasha-Bonnie. Lass litter Palo Alto won
9 stakes, with three seconds; Ireland won
2 stakes; Erin second twice. Total of 11
wins and 5 seconds. Of the St. Lawrence-
Moonlight litter Wedgewood won 5 stakes,
second once; Harlean Gladys won 3
stakes, with 3 seconds: Lovina* won 1
stake, second once. - Tom Hurlick and Sir
Lawrence each won a stake. Total of 11
wins, 5 seconds. ¦*"> ¦ ••
Winnings of the three greatest sires:
Emin Pasha $13,280, St. Lawrence $9202 50,
Skyrocket $6152 50. - V
The regatta on Lake Merritt on the
Fourth was so successful that it is highly
probable that it will become an annual
event. The lake is the only place in the
neighborhood of San Francisco where
shell-rowing can be satisfactorily carried
on. all the open waters of the bay being
too rough, and choppy for light boats, es
pecially during the summer season. The
outrigged skiff, which until recently was
a heavy boat, intended for rough water,
has, by a gradual process of evolution,
become almost as light and fragile aa a
shell, and the four-oared barges have also
pretty well reached the limit at lightness
of construction for boats of that type.
Hence the need for smooth water, where
a race can be carried out without the dan
ger of half the competitors befng swamp
ed, has become more urgent. The regatta
on Thursday was carried out with com
mendable promptitude and without mis
nap, nearly all the events proving lnteresi
,i a R? P r ?vldins' good contests.
All the rowing races were worth seeing
except the Junior shell event, In which
Harry Nelson of the Alameda Boat Club
rowed over the course in a skiff in order
to secure the prize for his clubmate.
George Lewis. The latter waited while
kelson came up to him so as to produce
the appearance of a contest, but won as
he liked.
The swimming races . were over short
courses the 100-yard event being not
more than seventy-five yards, and the
quarter-mile hardly 300 yards, and were
marred by the usual squabbling which
seems inseparable from swimming events.
The relay swimming race, 450 yards
with nine relays, was close and ex
citing, but the losing Olympic team di«i
not display good sportsmanship in refus
ing to take part In the water-polo game
against the Lurllne Swimming Club.
As regards the rowing events, the senior
barge race was won by the Alameda crew,
rowing fifty-two strokes to» the mlnut*
over part of the eourse. but keeping good
time; the intermediate barge event fell to
the South Ends, who rowed a longer
stroke well pulled through; while the
junior barge race was won by the Ariel
crew, which rowed . In the Native Sons'
regatta last year. The Alameda Boat Club
won three first and three second prizes,
the South Ends won one first and two
second places, the Dolphins won two first
prizes in single events, the Ariel Rowing
Clug won one first prize, and the Olym
pic Boat Club took second place in one
e l'ent. The Pione«rs and the University
of California were not placed In any race.
The Lurline Swimming Club won the re
lay race. The committee found Itself abt*
to offer. first prizes In the barge events of
the full value of ?33 per man and $20 per
man as second prizes. In the single scull
events each winner will receive $35. the
largest amount allowed in an amateur
competition.. _ . .
First and Second Prizes Were
Pretty Evenly Distributed
Among the Various Clubs
OARSMEN TALK
OF RECENT
REGATTA.
Tuesday evening- the challenge of the Val
lejo Yacht Club for the . Perpetual cup
was accepted, and it was decided to de
fend the trophy with Frank Stone's sloop
Presto. The defending yacht must not
exceed 28.75 feet In racing length, the
challenger having a racing length of 26.14
feet. Though the racing length of Frank
Stone's sloop is 29.3, she can easily be
brought within . the limit by putting in
more compact ballast, so as to shorten
her water line, lowering the band on her
mast and making a few readjustments.
The regatta committees of the Corinthian
and Vallejo Yacht Clubs will shortly meet
together to arrange a date for the race
and settle the other details. Frank Stone
has been officially notified of the selection
of his boat as the cup defender, and the
members of the regatta, committee have
been officially requested to be up and
doing. The Corinthian regatta committee
consists of P. J. Maxtenstein, E. B. Learn
ing and W. P. Harrold. Though the sloop
Helen was designed and built In Matthew
Turner's yard at Benlcia, as was the
sloop Gadder, she is by no means so
freakish looking as that craft.
Owing to the fact of the Fourth falling
™ a a £ursday. it was not possible for
n^ T U r -,?l tne yachtsmen to make extend
ed holiday cruises. Many of the yachts
were under way on Independence oay.
but returned to their moorings In the
evening. The sloops Freda and Aeolus
°f the Corinthian Yacht Club went ui> to
£apa City, where the whole club had
been invited to attend a reception and
dance. But as it was found impossible
to get enough Corinthian boats together
to make a really creditable display for the
club. It was deemed best to drop the
cruise as a club event, leaving it open lor
any members who desired to do so to
make the trip independently.
J. R. Savory's sloop Juanlta suffered
some damage in the heavy weather of
last Sunday, blowing out her jib On
Monday there was a stiff wind, and the
sloop broke away from her moorings to
the north of the ferry slip at SauflliS
and was carried over toward Belvedere
where she was in danger of running on
the rock near the fish curing station She
was rescued, however, by Boatkcfner
Lang of the San Francisco Yactt Club
aided by one of the men from a schooner
Without a Jib she was j hard to handle
and her mainsail was badly torn t^
boat, however, was brought to her moor
tera^le^rVa^ 0 " 36 - bUt "? 11 «&« &E
To-day and- to-morrow are open d»t M
on the schedules of all the ya?ht clubs
Last Sunday was a storm day on the bay
Many yachts went out crulsin? but a^i
came back, under reduced eanva«T Thi
sloop Mixie. under a double-reefeii mil™
sail, and storm jib, made easy w<£tb£ Sf
% P e , stl , U! ? ll3 / ere Particularly strong
off Marin Islands and Hurricane Gulch
Sausalito. . The yawl Royal cruif ed over
to Oakland, working excellently with her
new single jib. On the return trio she
dropped her mainsail. . eturn trl .P *>">
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Corinthian Yacht Club held on
Frank Stone's Speedy Sloop
Will Be Cut Down to Race
Against Challenger Helen
TIBURON TARS
CHOOSE THE
PRESTO.
If there was ever a doubt as to who
¦was the best tennis player in the Western
States that doubt was dispelled on Thurs
day when George Whitney won the cham
pionship of the State. He beat both the
Hardys easily in the last two tournamepts
for the championship of the coast, and
his victory over his brother Robert in the
last tournament places him in a class by
himself. Many were of the opinion that
the champion was going backward in his
game, but his play during the week shows
that he is now more skillful than he ever
was.
Bob Whitney, who for several years has
been ranked !n a class right above the
tsecond class and below the Hardys and.
his brother George, has been . improving
very rapidly of late, and if these four ex
perts were to come together Bob would
be very likely to rank close to the top.
Kor one set he plays an even better game
than the champion, but he cannot last
longer than that.
Fred Brown surprised everybody by the
game he played at San Rafael. Heretofore
he has always appeared very nervous, but
in the last tournament he was very cool
and played a sure, 6Wift game. Brown Is
one of the most promising players on the
coast and will be a factor in future events.
Ogden Hoffman and Harry Halght.
two crack players of ten years ago. made,
their reappearnce at San Rafael and
6howed that they have lost none of their
"-former skill. Hoffman's work in partic
ular was very good, and with a little more
practice he would be very near the top of
the second class.
With the singles and doubles tourna
ment scheduled for the early part of Sep
tember, the cracks will have very little
time to rest. It Is to be hoped that by
the time the next tourneys come off the
Hotel Rafael will have the courts In a
little better shape. The slope at the base
lines was very annoying to most of the
players and Interfered with the service of
the men to a great extent. With this de
fect remedied the courts will be Jn first
claps shape.
Miss Alice Hoffman, ex-champion of
the coast, seems to have forsaken golf
for. tennis. With Miss Maiiam Hall she
Is practicing. constantly, and both. will be
5n fine fettle by September 9. when the
ladies' championship will be played. The
Misses Button of Southern California have
made great strides in the past year, and
when these players come together the
best tennis ever played by women in this
vicinity will be Ihe result. Miss Hall plays
at the net and Las an excellent drive
With the Hardys out of the hunt there
Is no telling who will win the doubles
tournament. At present outside of the
Whitneys the best teams are Collier and
Crowell. MacGavin and .Brown and Smith
and Cornell. These teams will have a
. hard time beating the teams - from the
north and south. It is a' noteworthy fact
that the Whitney, brothers now have all
the championship titles between them.
They are champions of the coast In dou
. blee and George is singles champion of the
coast and Stat-?, and also of San Fran
clico. , ;
G. Whitney Is Many Kinds
of a Champion— Aftermath
of the State Tournament
HOLDS NUMBER
OF TENNIS
TITLES.
The coursing season which has just been
inaugurated promises to be by far the
best In the annals of the sport.
John A. Klein, J. H. Rossiter and W.
C. Glasson have been appointed a com
mittee of arrangements for the John
Grace Challenge.Cup stake which will be
run in October." The committee held a
meeting and prepared a circular In which
a schedule of prizes has been suggested.
Copies will be mailed to all the promi
nent coursers and their approval of -the
offerings for the event will be solicited. .
The on« feature upon which much de
pends Is the increase of the entry fee to
$100. In tha event of the nominators in
dorsing the idea, the Union Park Cours
inj; Association will add $3600, which will
make a total of $10,000, or $2000 more than
the English Waterloo, the world's great
est coursing event. The division of the
purse will be so arranged that all but
eight of the sixty-four entries will get
back their entrance money.
To the pessimistic ones in the game the
Increase for entrance will be something
to harp on, but the fact that for last
year's event there were seventy-two ap
plicants for <Uhe sixty-four nominations
makes it a certainty that there will be
an owner added for any that drops out.
Of the 2G0 puppies listed for this year's
Futurity Stake first payment was made
for 106 and second payment for eighty
one. Final payment will be due on the
night of the draw. jDogs of the following
kennels were dropped after first payment:
L. F. Bartels, 1; J. D. Cardinell, 2; P. M.
Curtis, 1; J. Carmichael, 1; M. C. Delano,
2; J. Horn, 1; J. Kerrigan, 2; H. C. Lowe
of Kansas. 5; H. Lynch, 1; Dr. F. R.
Moore of Florence. Colo., 1; R. K. Mal
colm. 3; J. H. Rosseter. 1; George Shar
man, 3; Sterl & Knowles, 1. ¦¦ . . ¦
The coursing season which ended June
30 was a successful one. The following
resume of the doings at Union Park will
interest, the followers of the sport:
Total stakes run 105, divided as follows:
Open 43, midweek 36, reserve 6, sapling 5,
champion 4, puppy 4, class 1. the Futurity,
John Grace ctfp. Belle Brandon cup, Cali
fornia plate and the California Coursing
Committee stakes. Two new annual
events were inaugurated in the California
plate and the California Coursing Com
mittee stakes. The park distributed $70,
450 during the year in prizes. The differ
ent dogs to start numbered S33 and made
a 'total of 7908 entries.
The get of Emin Pasha won 29 stakes,
St. Lawrence 19. Skyrocket 8, Chartist 8,
Border Ruffian 7, For Freedom 5, Wara
tah 4, Royal Crest 3, Master Glenklrk,
Firm Friend, St. Clalr. Westside and Wild
Traleo 2 each. ¦ The get <if Emin , Pasha
figured as runner-up in 21 stakes, St. Law
rence 12 and Skyrocket 8. - -
Winning ovtners: Eugene Geary 11
.stakes, .Frank Jones 10, Curtis & Sons lu,
titerr& Knowles 8, Pasha Kennel 6, P. J.
Reilly.6, D. J.r Healey 5, Star Kennel 4,
T. J. Cronln 4, George Nethercott 3, D.
Toland; W. C. Glasson, Russell & Allen,
Yosemite Kennel and A. R. Curtis 2 each.
Next John Grace Cup Meeting
Will Be Made the World's
'Greatest Coursing Event
HEAVY PURSES
FOR LOCAL
STAKES.
2 —
TV v 0T " t0 the h° urds '-" hut " t0 th<v
l^k I paper!" is the cry that will re-
I X*a sound through the hills back of
A : N San Rafael on Saturday afterr
noons for the next few months.
The paper chase has become society's out
door pastime at San Rafael and its most
Interesting feature Is the presence of a
number of clever horsewomen, who take
as much fun and sport out of riding as
the most seasoned horseman! In fact, so
ciety — the feminine portion of it — Is de
voting a fair • part of Its athletically
bestowed time to equestrianism, and it
is no uncommon Eight to see the most
adept and hardy and spirited of the wo
men riders galloping across country, tak
ing a ditch or an obstacle for the mere
pleasure and excitement of it without a
thought of danger or physical distress. •
During the last two or threfc years there
has been a great increase in the popular
ity of riding In San Francisco and the
number of women who aspire to do more
SOCIETY HORSEWOMEN RIDE CROSS COUNTRY
AND FOLLOW THE PAPER TRAIL IN MARIN
than just sit on a horse and look grace
ful Is much greater than It used to be.
It Is a fact that the good riders here, as
they are the world over, are nearly all
women in society, and most of them are
women who have ridden from their youth.
- Among the best society horsewomen in
California Is Miss Flora Deane, now Mrs.
Walter Magee. Mrs. RIagee could man
age a really difficult horse. She used to
ride a powerful thoroughbred named Bay
Dick. . • ,
Miss Olive Holbrook, who rode with
Miss Deane, is also an exceedingly dar
ing rider. The more spirited the ani
mal the more she is pleased. Miss Ethel
Tomkins of San Rafael is both a good
rider and driver. She has always ridden
and always has some good horses. She
and Mrs. James Follis ride and drive a
great deal together. Miss Tomkins breaks
her own horses and'is an exceedingly good
judge of horseflesh. Mrs. Follis seems to
fancy a spirited pony more than the con
ventional, well-bread lady's hack. Miss
Eleanor Morrow, also of San Rafael, is
an exceedingly pretty and sympathetic rid
er and ought to be mentioned among those
who really ride well. So ought Miss Nel
lie , Woolrich of San Francisco.
Miss Oge is well known as a rider of
more than ordinary excellence. Although
she rides in a careless way, she has
shown that she can do something over
the rough country. Her success In the
paper chases has always been of a posi
tive kind. Another paper chase rider is
Mrs. Vincent Neale. Mrs. Neale ride3
as if she may have followed the hounds.
1 She gets down on her horse and carries
her hands in the true sporting fashion,
which is seldom seen with any but cross
country riders.
The smartest looking women on a horse
in San Francisco are Mrs. Joseph Tobin
and Mrs. W. Hobart. Mrs. Tobin has a
carriage and manner on horseback which
demand favorable comment. Both she
and Mrs. Hobart would be noticeable for
their good appearance anywhere.
Riding as a snort for women is in Its
infancy in the West, but it promises to be
the favorite amusement of the leisure
classes in the future.
There is an old saying that It takes
seven generations to make a gentleman,
and three to make n horseman, but your.?
Calif ornian riders are setting the pace.
and accomplishing at a bound what it
takes generations to do in the Old World.
Some of the fair sex are certainly becom
ing decidedly good horsewomen. To many
it is growing Into habit, instead of a la
bored accomplishment. They all ride in
the English fashion, and upon EnglU^
saddles, except those little girls, who ride
astride upon Shetland or Hungarian
ponies. Remarkable for their fearless ris
ing and their Hungarian ponies are the
children of A. W. Foster of San- Rafael.
They ride and drive these ponies four and
even six In hand, making themselves
formidable rivals of Miss Alice Hoffman
who is considered a crack whip, and gen
erally drives four little thoroughbreds to
a mountain wagon.
A certainly very good rider, a Miss JefT
reys of New York, Is riding at the Hotel
Rafael this year. Her riding at the last
paper chase, which she won, was very
clever. It is said she has -hunted. Her
seat and general carriage on horseback
seem to bear this out.
SPORTS: RIDING, ROWING, RACING, GOLF, TENNIS, COURSING,
BBwRS:"V-»^ ' ¦ ¦¦ ' ;¦-¦-,- ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦-¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - . . •• ¦• •- - •¦---'¦ - ¦ ••
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
Horsewomen Well Known as Cross-Country Riders.
Jp<
4Oxford University has voted to do away
with the Sunday afternoon sermons. The
Jaet will be preached on June 11 by Dr.
Merry, rector of Lincoln.
The cafe chairs and tables of the side
walk are a Paris feature that the tourist
immediately agrees ought to be adopted
at home. They form the most distinctive
feature of the Paris promenade. . They
give its Parisian brightness to the boule
vard. • • # -..*¦
Pugilist Al Neill Sued.
A writ of garnishment was served on
the secretary of tho San Francisco Ath
letic Club on Thursday to secure the pay
ment of an I. O. U. signed by Al Nelll
which has not been paid. Jules Gamage
at whose instance the < writ was served
has brought suit in the Justices' Court
against Nelll for the recovery of the
money and In the meantime the club is
restrained • from paying Nelll the full
amount of his contract. .
Potwollopers.
The Parliamentary register- for 1896
showed that there was then only one pot
walloper in all England. One seeing: the
term for the first time might easily Im
agine that a potwalloper waa a' species of
Ichthyosaurus or some other reptile of a
past age. It will be discovered upon In
quiry, however, that the term •.•potwal
loper" Is literally one who boils a pot, and
was applied to voters in certain boroughs
of England.- where before . the passage of
the reform bill of 1832 the. qualification for
suffrage was to have boiled (walloped) his
own pot in the parish for six months.—
New York Tribune. . • •*';^'
AUTOMOBILE RECdRD.
NEW YO'RK. July 5.-Albert C. Bost
wick of Boston, the automobillst. broke
the world's record for one mile on a forty
hor«e-pow<r machine this afternoon at
Elkwood Park, Long Branch. The record
was broken in the second ml!e of an ex
hibition gpurt of three miles, which he
covered In 3:52"^. Her made the first mile
In 1*38%; ihe second in 1:16"*4 and the third
' There In a Rambllngr house In Philadel
phia which employ* an automatic church
organ Instead of a lookout man. "The
Hcheme," says the Record, "ha* worked
beautifully, and neither the neighbors nor
the 'fly cons' of th© district are on to the
Kittnf. When the -organ Is atarted you
might think in passing the house that a
prayer meeting or. revival service was In
progress behind closed blinds, for It plays
nothing but hymns. All the evenin-r it
switches from 'Nearer, My God, to The»*
to 'Rock of Apes." and then, to 'From
Greenland's Icy Mountains.' And all the
time the chips are rattling and the 'kitty'
Is growing fat. Think of raiding a 'Joint'
where an organ .was playing 'Nearer My
God, to Thee !' "-New York tribune.
Gamblers* Schemes.
A report Just Issued by the British Gov
ernment denllng with the-status of. Brit
ish Indiana in tho varloun colonies of tht»
empire is interesting to all people.
In tho Island- of Mauritius, which wan
originally colonized by tho French, about
263.000 out of a population of .380,000 aro
Hindoos.. They aro gradually dlsposess-
Ing' the French Creoles' as owners of tho
Boll. In the four years between 1896 and
1899 they have purchased land to the value
of $3,000,000. The. "elimination of the mid
dle-class proprietor of moderate means"
is In progress. • ' • ¦-. : . ¦ - ; . '
There are 14,000 Hindoos . in Jamaica.
83 000 In the Island' of Trinidad and 118,000
In British Guiana, of whom only 13,000 are
kept there by a labor contract. ,
Thousands of Hindoos are being .taken
to British East Africa, Uganda and the
Upper Nile country.' ". • •
As a race of superior Intellect, immense
powers of Industry and- cheap living the
Hindoos demand watching by civilized
white men.— New York Sun.
The Hindoo Abroad.
•Although" the value of the 'late Marquis
of Bute's property exceeded $25,000,000. the
amount on which inheritance duty could
be levied was only $4,840,000. . The tax was
$392i»O.-' ,"- ; • . - . •; ' . /•
"Ha8.a man, because he, is an elder In
the Presbyterian church, a right to kiss
a pretty girl and still be in good standing
in the church?" was the unexpected sub
ject that the General 'Assembly at Phila
delphia was launched into a discussion of
yesterday morning. Are we to understand
that if the girl is not pretty the privilege
isuncontested?— Pittsburg Press.
The Others ,Not in Question
Al Gmltb. representing: Hoot, and Ale*
Orf-KSainn. representing Gardner, met last
nlglit in Zlck Abram*' to arrange for a
mHtrh between both fight em. Gardner
inKlBtn upon Root weighing In at ICO
Sounds at 3 o'clock of the day of the fight.
mliii wired to HoiJM -itiiin just what the
<-t>ndltJon-« w«re and will await a reply be
foro an agreement I* made. The light In
for August, the National Club having the
jiormlt.
Pacific Cat Club Elects Officers.
Tho first iiiitiiinl mcctl-iK of the Pacific
Cnt Club -vim hold Thursday afternoon at
thn California Jloteil, The report of the
treasuror,' Mr«. A. H. Urod, Hhowcd that
atl hough I he Bcclety hn» been organized
but-. on« year It Is already. In a Btnblu
financial condition. . •
The following ofllcfim wore elected to
BfTVo during th<! coming year: President,
Mrs. C. K. Martllng; vice president. Mlss
Miuiili' Smith; treasurer, Mrf". C. H Ide
brHnd; rcconllnR secretary, Mrs. WJlllnm
C. Morrow; corresponding nocretary, Mrs
William ' A. Deano; board of directors
Mrs. AUon Abbott, Mrs. A. H. Hoair and
Mrs. A. H. Brod.
New House of Worship.
WATSONV1LLB, July B.-The Rev.
Father Hacldus will shortly receive from
Los Angeles the approved plans for a new
liouno of worship to be erected on the
grounds of the Pajaro Valley Iloman
Catholic Orphan Auylum. The structure
will nn of tho ' Roman «tyle< of architec
ture, 125 by 45 feet, and 120 feet high to tho
top -or the steeple. It will -coat - from
llM.ooo to J30.000. The site for the now
utructure haw been laid out on tha campus
in front of the present entrance of the
church grounds and beslda the main col
lege building. This In one of the most
commanding and beautiful building spots
in the valley. .¦". • .
BIG CRICKET MATCH.
LONDON, July 5.— Oxford was all out in
thn first Innings for 336 runs In tho annual
cricket mntch with Cambridge, which be
8-nn yesterday at Ivords. Cambridge wn«
all out ypHtnrday In tho first liming fur 325
runi*. At tho clono of piny to-day Cam
bridge, In the Bocond Innlnga, hud scored
64 runs for ono wicket down.
Repaving of Sixth. Street
The Street. Committee referred to the
Board of Public Works the petition of
property owners and business men for the
repavingr of Sixth street, between Market
and Mission, with bituminous rock. If
funds are available the committee recom
mends that the Improvement be made.
AMERICAN BOYS WIN.
LONDON. July 5.— King Courier. Maher
up, won the ElUfcmere stakes at the New
market firRt July nvetini; to-day. Haka
ramc in Kccon.1 and Frank Gardner's En
combo, J. Martin up. finished third.
Sifter Angela. J. Martin up, won a wel
f*r handicap of £200.
Klrkppy Wirksey, L. Reiff up, won . an
flll-ap->s Hollin-r plate. The Spell filly was
pocond and Arrhduke II, J. Relft up. ran
third.
Oam- Chick. L. Rclff up. won the l'rln
r«»K» cup. Scottish Anchor, Maher up,
vns second And Halcame third.
Florists Form Organization.
A large and successful meeting of flor
ists was held last Wednesday, evening at
23 Union Square avenue. A permanent or
ganization.- to include florists, employes
and growers, was formed and the follow
ing officers were elected: F. C. Jaeger,
president; Miss J. Norton, secretary; Mr.
Chiappari. treasurer; F. Pelicano, ser
geant-at-armd.
Wanted.
At the request of a correspondent who
thinks the needs of our beloved country
are the same as when it was written, we
reprint Dr. J. G. Holland's celebrated son
net appeal for sun-crowned men, 1879:
"God give us men! A time like this de
mands
Strong minds, great hearts, true faith and
ready hands;
Men whom the lust of office does not kill,
Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy,
Men who possess opinions and a will;
Men who have honor, men who will not
lie;
Men who can stand before a demagogue
And damn his treacherous flatteries with
out winking!' .
Tall men. sun-crowned, who live above
the tog . ¦
in public duty and in private thinking.
For while the rabble, with their thumb
worn creeds,
Their large professions and their little
i deeds, . '. .
Mingle In selfish strife— lo! Freedom
woeps, . • '
Where wrong rules the land, and waiting
Justice sleeps."— Record-Herald.
At the Telephone.
The manager of a big apartment house
In a fashionable quarter Is wondering if
he will lose many tenants by removing
the telephone from the alcove in the main
entrance hall. His advertisements read,
"Electric elevators,- electric lights and
electric telephone free at all hours." Since
the house has been open not a man has
had a chance to use the telephone in the
daytime. -Women in' all states of desha
bille play the "hold-up," discussing fash
ions, drives, teas, bargain counter sales,
matinees,-, poodles, novels, etc. "I
shouldn't mind," says the manager, "if
the"*Bltomen wouldn't come down so shock
ingly negligee. If a man were to present
himself in the hall In- his pajamas he
would be about on an equality, of dress
with the women. Mrs. Blank, one of our
swells (her husband is worth a million),
came down .this morning with hershoe
stringfl ' danKling along 1 the floor. Mre>.
Blank-blank » face was dripping with cold
cream. Mrs. Blank-blank-blank's ' felt
slippers failed to hide a hole in tho heel
of her stocking. Some of .'em have their
shirtwaists outside of their belts, and the
majority need the hairdresser, the, mani
cure and the dermatologiftt. What can a
man do?"— New "J-'ork Press.
Violators of Game Laws Caught.
The Board of Fish Commissioners have
succeeded in apprehending two more vio
lators of the game laws passed by the
recent Legislature. Testerday morning
Deputy V. Shepard arrested a Japanese
for quail shooting. Nathan Brockman of
Cloverdale was also caught selling veni
son by Deputy L. N. Kercheval. He wan
fined $25.
STOLLE IS DEFEATED.
SAX DIEGO, July 9.— The first swim
ming race for the championship of the
State took place to-day between Ed Stolle,
the champion of the State in tank swim
ming, and Wilbur Kyle, the 16-year-oW
champion swimmer of Southern Califor
nia. Though Stolle had beaten Kyle in the
Sutro tank at San Francisco, the young
er man swam away from him to-day,
beating him by almost fifty feet. The race
¦tvas for a purse of 550. offered by the Coro
nado Beach Company." The time was not
taken. The two swimmers will meet to
morrow in a race over «-. mile course, also
f'-r the championship of the coast. The
course will be in the open bay, ending in
front of the Immense grand stand which
had been put up on the Commercial
wharf.
Boy Footpads Are Held
Thomas James, Charles Bristol and
Henry Marquardt, the boys who attempt
ed to hold up Martin Carey at Third and
Mission streets last Sunday morning, were
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon on a
charge of attempt to rob, in $1000 bonds
each. There is already a charge of burg
lary pending against Bristol in the Su
perior. Court.
Report of Law Library.
The annual report of the San Francisco
Law Library states that there were no
applications for life membership during
the year, and there were fifteen additional
subscribers. There were added to the li
brary 923 volumes, making the total num
ber, of books now on the shelves 39,452. Tho
expenses- were:! Books. $2*07 05: salaries,
$2570; binding and repairing. $1137 97; mis
cellaneous. $496 68; salary of librarian.
$2400; messenger, $840; total $10,251 70. Th«
income for the year was $9636 31.
swimming; races:
Following are the entries for the swim
ming events at Sutro Baths to-morrow:-
Fifty-yard dash, juveniles — S. Fremont,
E. Van "Winkle, -G. McClure, B. Williams.
C. Butterworth, W. Paine, J. Dugan, J.
Lucy, E. Sandburg, H. McKenzie, J. Ad
ams. M. Roche, G. Caulfield, F. Clough.
J. Ramsey, A. Belting. B. Ralph, C. Ma
son, D. Mackel. W. Stockton. G. Anderson.
W. Keal. W. Conners, C. Lyons, B. Fer
rill. J. McManus, A. Bass, T. Baker, H.
Heinz. E. Percy, C. Betty. A. Thomas.
Under-water swimming— P. Lockwood, J.
Jackson, D. Jarrlgan. O. LowenthaL D.
Chase. H. Lelckem. P. McDermld, J.
O'Brien, E. Klpp, S. Flnnegan, J. Eras
my. R. Grundy, A. Derks.
100-yard ritce, amateurs— W. Dasrnon, C.
Augustus, F. Crowder, H. Dougherty, O.
Schultz. W. Fisher, L. Scott. W. Gilbert,
[a Boudin. C. Hanlon. F. Irving. R. Rid
ing:. G. Riordan. T. Wolfe, R. Cordell. H.
Dodson, C. Hafnes. C. Fredericks, J. Ring
rose. O. Beyers, J. Schustro, S. Clayton,
A. Hay. W. Haywards.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving — J.
Etellje*. H. Wilson, J. Dwyer, F. JMuller,
O. Misner, R. Seltzer. E. Wingfleld. J. Ar
macost. G. Thomas. W. Ralph. J. Roberts,
T. McKillop. T. Cochrane, W. Guin. M.
Floaty, S. Flnnigan. G- Kelber. P. Lewis,
W. Gorman, C. Jacobs, W. Latz.
High diving for boys, tub race and un
d*-r-wa.ter swimming open to all.
Wants Coursing' Bogs Muzzled.
Secretary "Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals haa
decided to request the Board of Supervi
sors to pass an ordinance making it un
lawful to allow greyhounds to run at
large unmuzzled. Frequent complaints
have been entered with the society that
the owners of coursing greyhounds per
mitted them to kill pet dogs, cats and
other domestic animals. The coursing of
ficials have been advised of the state of
affairs and have promised to take action,
but Secretary Holbrook is of the opinion
that an ordinance will have a better gen
eral effect. »
SMUGGLERS INDICTED.-The Federal
Grand Jury made a partial report to United
States "District Judge de Haven yesterday af
ternoon.. They found true bills of • indictment
against Robert .Corcoran, alias Cotton, and
Daniel Daly for smuggling silk and umbrellas
off ¦the s transport Grunt,' and against Charles
Kewitz .for counterfeiting. The- charge of
smuggling cigars preferred against M. J. Mc-
Donough - and - that of counterfeiting against
George Werner were Ignored. »
OVERTON'S LIFE THREATENED.— Charles
P. Overton. . 24 California street, secured a
warrant * yesterday for the arrest of Daniel
Lambert, a contractor, on the charge of threats
to kill. Overton and Lambert had a fight last
Wednesday morning and Lambert threatened
to kill Overton. He went to Overton's house
that night and repeated the threat to Mrs.
Overton.
LOCAL -BREVITIES.
Los Ang-eles 11, San Francisco O.
The Dutch fell to celebrating- on sizzling:
fireworks after their dazzling perform
ance on the Fourth and devplonp* j»"»ii
a reversal of form that the Angels ; con
quered yesterday at Recreation Grounds
without as much as an effort on their own
part. Whalen and several other Hanx
men contributed to the unalloyed and
spotless success of the winged ones.
As the small boy on the fence told him
repeatedly, "Chimmie" the lovely was a
bad one. They picked ' his offerings to
pieces and made bunches of them. After
the same was all over the boy who la
the specially appointed guardian of the
balls found three In the box, coverlees —
the work of the warring Angels. When
the Dutch come to and cast of their re
lict of patriotism the Angels will suffer,
and Mr. Morley will drink more lemonade
to keep up courage. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Crolt. cf 8 0 0 0 10 0
Hlldebrand. If 3 0-2 0 2 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 10 12 1
Pabst, lb 3 0 0 0 IB 1 0
Krug. Be 4 0 0 0 1 2-1
Xordyke, rf 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
J. Rellly. 8b 4 0 1 0 0 4 0
Graham, c 3 0 '1 0 0 0 2
Whalen. p 3 0 0 0 0 6 0
Totals 81 0 6 0 21 14 4
LOS AN'GELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf 5 13 0 10 0
Reitz, 2b 2 2 1 16 8 0
Householder, cf 5 3 4 0 2 0 0
Spies, c 4 0 0 0 2 10
Hutchlnson, lb 3 1 1 0 10 0 0
C. Reilly. 3b 6 0 2 0 0 10
Kelly, ss 4 0 0 0 16 1
Bowman, If 4 3 8 16 0 0
Jones, p 4 110 0 2 0
Totals 36 11 15 2 2J 13 1
¦ •¦ HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS. .
San Francisco 0 0 000 0 000—0
Base hits 0 000 12 110—5
Los Angeles 212220 20 •— 11
Base hits 42132030 *— 15
SUMMARY,
Buns responsible for— Whalen 4. Two-base
hits— Bowman 2, Householder, C. Rellly. - Sacri
fice hits— Spies, Reitz 2. First base on errors-
San Francisco 1, Los Angeles 1. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 3, Los Angreles 4.
Left on bases— San Francisco 6, Los Angeles 9
Struck out— By Jones 2. Hit by pitcher— Reitz.
Double plays— J. Rellly to Schwartz to Pabst;
Kelly to Reltz to Hutchinson. Passed ball-
Graham: Time of g-ame — One hour and forty
minutes.. Umpire — Graves. Official scorer— H.
8. McFarlin.
CHAMPIONS WIN A GAME.
Heat Proves Too Much, for Oakland's
Cultured Ball-Tossers.
SACRAMENTO. July 5. — Manager
Beebe's aggregation broke its record to
day by defeating the Clam Diggers in a
ragged game of ball, the score standing
Sacramento 16, Oakland 6. The heat was
terrific, and after- two Innings had been
played both pitchers were in trouble, with
Moskiman decidedly to the bad after the
fifth' inning. In the ninth he- gave way to
Babbitt, who finished the game. Strick
lett w-as found fourteen times, but won
his own game by batting- in five runs and
scoring two more. Score:
OAKLAND.
GAMES PLAYED
IN THE
EAST
Murphy Wins Sensational
Game for St. Louis—Brook
lyn Team Falls on Hughes
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 5.— The first three Brooklyn-
Ites to face Hughes lined out singles. Then the
entire team went after him and kept up a regu
lar fusillade of hits throughout the game. Mc-
James pitched In great form, except In the
fourth. Attendance, 600. The score:
PITTSBURG, July 5.— Phlllippl pitched a good
game and receive* excellent support. Phyle
was easy from the start and his team never
had a chance to win. Attendance, 3900. The
score:
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— Murphy pitched a sensa
tional eleven-Inning game for St. Louis to-day.
McGann's single, a single by "Krut-er and Dele
hanty's wild throw netted the two runs which
beat Philadelphia in the eleventh. Attendance,
3500. The score:
AMERICAN" LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July B.-Clnclnnatl lost to
day's game to Boston by ragged fielding. The
CLEVELAND, July 6.— Cleveland could do
nothing with Hustings to-day. Moore was wild
at times, but five of Milwaukee's nix runs were
due to errors. Attendance, 1500.- The score:
Itatterles—Moore and Wood; Hustlnst and
Maloney.
PHILADELPHIA, July 6.— McOlnnlty'a pitch
lriK and Williams' hlttintc won the icarne for
naltlmor* to-day. The fieldlna; of both teams
wan clean-cut and the Ram* Interesting to the
flnltth. Attendance, 24C9. The score:
. Hatterlen— MGInnlty •nd Uresnaham; Krazer
nn4 rowern.
DUTIIOIT, July 8.— For ieven innlnM Slev*r
kept the hlu well «c»ttere<J, but In th« eighth
and ninth Inning* Chicago found him for hIx
HriKl'x. tlir«-<" doubles and a trlpl*. Attendance,
22ta. The »core* •
Mattcr!e»— Slever and Buelow; Griffith and
Sullivan.
BOSTON. July 6.— Boston won a sleepy game
from 'Washington to-day. Attendance, 4179.
The score :
SACRAMENTO.
Runs responsible for— Strlcklett 4, Mosklman
11. Home run— Doyle. Three-base hits—Moskl
man, Arrellanes, Stricklett. Two-base hits-
Doyle, Hanlon, Eagan, Stanley. Sacrifice. hits
—Courtney, Stanley.' First base on 1 errors-
Oakland 1. Sacramento 4. First base on called
balls— Oft Mosklman 3, off Strlcklett 4, .. oft
Babbitt 1. Left on bases— Oakland 12, Sacra
mento 9. Struck out— By Mosklman . 1, by
Stricklett 6. Hit by pitcher— McLeughlln,
Francks, Strelb. Passed ball— Stanley. Wild
pitch— Mosklman. Time of game — Two hours
and thirty minutes. Umpire— Levy. . Official
scorer — Rutherford. '. • • . •
NOTES OF THE GAME
The Germans played like men who have
had a bad night. Their eyes were full of
fog and their movements were as. erratic
as the late Mr. Tyler's decisions. ;
Charlie Graham's sister was looked upon
as a mascot until . yesterday's game.
Whenever she graced a game the Ger
mans were sure of victory. '
Whalen was an easy mark- for the An
gels. In five innings they landed 'on him
for twelve good bumps. "Chlmmle". seem
ed to be disheartened" and put them over
with ease. The balls sailed over the plate
as balloons and the visitors helped- their
reverse flight by good stickwork. ¦ . -
Oscar Jones had great speed and held
the hits down to a scattering few. He
was given faultless support by his team.
Shortstop Kelly has developed into a
clever and useful player. His work with
Los Angeles has been of high order. /
Householder and Bowman. did the bat
ting for Los Angeles. The former landed
safely every time up but once.
Graham was in bad form yesterday. He
allowed two men to come home by a poor
throw to Pabst.
Bowman robbed "Helney" Krug of a
three~bagger by taking one . off the. left
field fence. The catch was such a bril
liant one that the left fielder was given
an ovation. Krug was disappointed.
Brockhoff also made a beautiful catch
in his corner.
Householder's work in center was as
good as at the bat. His circus catch of
Pabst's fly was a gem in a constellation
of pood ones. . ...
Los Angeles not only played in great
form yesterday but had Dame Fortune
with them. . ...
Graves' faulty decision in the fourth
gave the Angels a run that they did not
deserve. (
Joseph Chancellor, the millionaire oil
king of Bakersfield; John Mott, -Harry
Cashman, "Dick" McKnight, James F.
Morley and a dozen other fans from Los
Angeles are attending the games and yell
ing for the visitors. ¦ .
The San Francisco postofflce clerks will
play.th^ San Francisco letter carriers a
match game of baseball on Sunday at 2
p. m. at the Sixteenth and Folsom streets
grounds.
CRICKET PLAY
AT SANTA
CRUZ.
Alameda's Eleven Will Meet
the Team of the Country
Club of the Seaside Town
A team of Alameda cricketers leaves the
city to-day on a visit to Santa Cruz and
will play to-morrow a pennant match
against the. eleven of .the Santa Cruz
Country Club. .The. Alameda representa
tives will be chosen from R. B. Hogue,
Harold Ward, Henry Ward, B. Bird, F.
J. Croll. W. Jl Richter, A. S. Willis, W.
G. Fortman, F. A. Stahl, G. I. Baugh, H.
N. Brown and V. Leebeck. Nearly all of
the above played in the Young America
team, which the Pacifies defeated so de
cisively lasf Sunday, so that the Santa
Cruz eleven ought to be able to dispose of
them, unless- Harold Ward should prove
particularly effective as a bowler and
Croll should make one of his high batting
scores. The Santa Cruz team will be
without the valuable services of H. H.
Cookson, A. G. Sheath and D. B. Bow
ley. Their eleven will be chosen from H.
F. Anderson, G. P. Butler, C. Banner, J.
F. Coope, E. D. Dickson, E. H. Day, w.
A. Fortescue, P. D. Gellatly, A. Jenkins,
F. W. Stansfeld, H. Thomas, W. Leet, J.
E. Jackson and W. M. Johnstone.
There will be a meeting of the Califor
nia Cricket Association at the Occidental
Hotel on Monday evening at 8 o'clock to
settle the conditions upon which some
prizes offered by First Vice President
J. Metalfe shall be -awarded. Another
matter which will be discussed is the
status of E. G. Sioman, who played last
Sunday for Old England against Young
America. It is said that his inclusion in
the team caused the representatives of
the Alameda Cricket Club to withdraw
from the match, and it is also further
hinted that the Alameda men believed
that a team to represent Old England
could *not be got together without them.
That the team was not only made up but
completely crushed the Young America
eleven, who last year beat the Old Eng
land teams In .which Alameda men were
Included, is said to be highly distasteful
to the wearers df tho blue and white.
¦CHICAGO, July 5.— Twenty-one disciple's
of John Alexander Dowie visited Evans
ton, a Chicago suburb, _ to-night and,'de
spite the efforts of the entire police force
of the place, a mob of 1000 people drove
them out of town. .
Several days. ago four of Dowle's mis
sionaries were egged and driven out of
Evanston, and to-night's visit of the
twenty-one was intended to convert the
people of Evanston and show them the
error of their ways. The Instant the
Dowieltes began their meeting they were
assailed with eggs, vegetables and other
missiles.
The guard of policemen was too small
to afford much protection, and the crowd
soon began to hustle the missionaries
along the street in a manner that looked
serious. ¦¦ Chief of Police Knight called the
entire police force to the rescue, but It
Includes only thirty men, and was unable
to coue with the mob.. Several of the
male .Dowieltes were knocked down and
both women and men were ' liberally be
spattered with eggs and mud. The Dowlc-
Ites finally abandoned their meeting and
fled from the town, the police protecting
them as they ran for the cars. ,
Score of Disciples Are
Roughly Treated
Near Chicago.
representative of the Associated Press,
saying: • ' ' :
"We did not think It, but they were too
strong." '- -
• Then, plunging into the water, he seemed
almost dazed for a moment, while his
brother, sitting on the bath steps, watched
the minute pass that he remained under
water. But Gardiner popped up quickly
and groped his way to the resting board.
Ten minutes later all the crew were out
again, and while "Bob" Cook of Yale and
scores of friends came to express sympa
thy the crew cheerily"declared that they
had given the Leanders all they had and
had never rowed in better form.
Dr. White said the crew came through
the ordeal as fine as possible, and Captain
Fllckwer said that, individually, the crew
did splendidly.
"I don't think there was any one man
worse than any other," the cockswain
said. "Our start was not as good as yes
terday, yet it was a fair start. The wind
was much against us, and in trying 'to
avoid puffy gusts I was afraid twice that
I might foul Leander. We were rowing
about forty all through, as near as -I can
gauge. We led a bit up to the end of the
island, but at Frawley they led by a few
feet, and we were never able to regain it."
"It was simply a matter of a r better
crew," declared both Hart and 'Ward.
"We think we have done better than any
other American crew, and though beaten
by the best crew In England we did "every
thing we expected except win."
Other races resulted as follows:
Silver Goblets, final heat— Balllol College.
Oxford beat the Belgians easily. Time. 8:50.
The Thames Challenge Cup, final heat—Trin
ity Hall, Cambridge, beat Kingston Rowing
Club by one and a quarter lengths-' Time, 7:23.
Ladles' Challenge Plate, nnal heat—Univer
sity College, Oxford, beat Eton by two lengths.
Time, 7:28.
Diamond- Challenge sculls, final heat— C. V.
Fox beat G. Ashe, -winning easily. Time, 8:52.
The Stewards 1 Challenge Cup, final heat-
Third Trinity, Cambridge, beat Leander Row
ing Club by five lengths. Time. 7:54.'
Visitors' Challenge Cup. final heat— Balllcl
College, Oxford, beat Caius College, Cam
bridge, by two lengths. Time, 8:27.
¦ The .Wyf ord Challenge Cup, final heat—Trin
ity Hall, Cambridge, beat Christ College, Cam
bridge, by a length and a half. .
LONDON, July 6.— Now that the strug
gle-is over, it is confessed, as the Dally
Chronicle remarks, ..that.. "Pennsylvania
has given us some anxious moments," but
nothin«r more is. heard of -any necessity of
altering the rules governing' the regatta.
It is regarded as. quite natural that the
challenge should be . repeated next year,
and the idea meets with the greatest sat
isfaction. :'¦¦*'
Leander's victory Is almost universally
conceded to have beeni due to. superior
methods rather than superior strength.
The Dally Graphic, - however, voices the
opinion of the minority- who; think to 'the
contrary, thinking that" the American
stroke should. pot r>e • condemned. "Penn
sylvania made the boat travel at a great
rate,"- says the Daily" Graphic, "and was
beaten -,by one; of the -best' crews seen at
Henley for some years." "" - . ,
Mr. Lehrnann, in the Daily News, writes
as. follows : _ . . . _ . ; •
After a v race in which the visitors - displayed
gallantry and determinsCtion worthy of the most
unqualified ' praise we won by more than .a
length. .'After this there can be nd further dis
cussion, of styles. The. English, based oa long
experience and: tried : In-, hundreds of . races
through a period. of many, years,- has again se
cured- victory; That- really ends the discussion.
We all -felt that- the Americans . were the best
foreign- crew who 1 ever 1 tried- conclusions with
us and it. has- certainly added to the ¦ pleasure
of pur victory to have prevailed over so plucky,
determined and :chlvalrous a' foe.
Mr. Lehmann's words . fairly represent
all the comment ' in the London news
papers. ¦ ; ; • • ; . % ¦ . ;
LONDON, July 6.— Lord Kitchener tele
graphs to the War Office under date of
Pretoria, July 4, as follows:
"Grenfell, on July 1, at Howell, captured
ninety-three Boers and a lot of supplies
belonging to Beyer's commando."
"Dr. Leyds," says the Brussels corre
spondent of the Morning Post, "has ad
dressed to the Continental powers and the
United States • a protest against Great
Britain's "barbarous treatment' of Boer
women and children. It is said that Hol
land will support the protest."
The Statist, frankly discussing the prob
ability of a fresh war loan, urges, in view
of its apparent inevitability, that Parlia
ment' before adjournment, should confer
upon the treasury loan powers for use
during" the recess. It points out that the
last consols loan, after meeting the deficit
and carrying on active war to July 31, will
leave an estimated surplus of £16,000,000
available for winding up the charges of
maintaining the present large force in
South Africa, but that a continuation of
hostilities beyond July 31, at the present
rate of £1,500,000. a week, would wipe out
the entire surplus before October 15.
CHARGE TROOPS
WITH BARBARITY
HENLEY, England! July |5.-To the dis
appointment of all the Americans at Hen
ley, the Leander Rowing Club • crew this
morning defeated the crew of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania in the final heat for
the Grand Challenge cup. There was
bright sunshine and puffy cross winds
blew from the Bucks shore, slightly favor-
Ing the Leanders" station. The followers
of. the British crew evinced the greatest
confidence, and Leander money was every
where available, but this confidence never
exceeded anything beyond even money.
The Pennsylvanians' friends picked up
several hundred pounds, and a Philadel
phia; occupant of a houseboat Is said to
have Invested £500 In favor of his crew.
• The •Pennsylvanlans reached their boat
house at U o'clock, apparently as fit as
possible, while many of the followers of
the red and blue showed marks of the In
tense strain of the final minutes. The crew
stripped, chatted • and laughed as coolly
as though^ going out for ipractlce.
¦ 'Ellis 'Ward; the. American coach, placed
ar miniature American flag upon the rud
"der of -his^boat as the cockswain came to
the boathouse, and said to 4 Smith:
.-v'Keep that as .far ahead,' my' boy, as
you can." --. j • -' . ' ' •" - : '¦• '¦'¦ '.~ r~$
, The following are' the names of the two
crews: i / >... ,. -.. ¦.*;¦¦.
Leander— C. A." Willis,- bow; H. JVDuval
lon, W.l Dudley .Ward.vG.M. Maitlana, C.
D." Burnell' J., E. . Payne, C. J. ;G. Goldle,
R.: B. ' ' Etherington-Smlth,' stroke; ~ C. S.
MacLagan";'- cockswain. ; •¦¦'.-.¦.-¦' ~- . •
Pennsylvania— R. R. Zane, bow;\R. H.
Eisenbfay; F. ' L. .Davenport, S- Crowther
Jr., Ai H.Fllckwer;- G.'W.'Allynv W. G.
Gardlner, : J. • P. ; * Gardiner, r stroke; ,.'L.': J.
Smith, cockswain. •-, • . .... ,
'.Both crewsat the start, showed no trace
of nervousness • arid -were ; sent - away . in
capital _ style, the Pennsylvanlans rowing
forty-three to | the" minute, and the. Lean
ders rowing forty-two/ At the end of Tem
ple Island the Americana led. by a third of
a length. • At Frawley the time was 3 min
utes * 25 . 2-5 • seconds, . with - • the Meanders
three feet ahead,. .From there on it was a
splendid, struggle, out ofwhlch the Lean
ders gained Inch by Inch. The; mile- was
reached- in- 5 minutes 15 "seconds, with* the
Leanders a half-length ahead, which they
increased to" three-quarters'-. of *;a' length.
At .the Isthmian the Pennsylvanians made
a desperate spurt,' but it was of no avail,
and two men weakened perceptibly oppo
site the. grand stand. The Leanders; won
by a length in 7 minutes 4 4-5 seconds.
"It was a grand race," said Coach
Ward, as the Leanders crossed the finish,
line. "We were simply outrowed and
have no other explanation to make."
It was certainly the .best and most ex
citing tussle ever seen at Henley. There
was scarcely the advantage of three feet
in the Leanders' station.
The cheering for the contestants as
they struggled for the lead was terrific.
Even Henley had never befora heard such
wild applause as greeted the Pennsylva
nlans and the Leanders all down the
course, and the cheering was delirious
from the partisans of the Leanders as the
latter's boat crossed the line at the finish
ahead of the Pennsylvanlans. •
The Americans paddled slowly to the
raft* and took their boat out of the water.
Their appearance indicated that they had
had a hard fight. Stripping as quickly as
possible, the Pennsylvanians were soon in
the water for a swim.
Stroke Gardiner smiled as he greeted a
San Franciscans Fall Victims to Fourth of
July Inspiration and Forget All the
Points of the Game on the Diamond
ANGELS FIND THE DELIVERY
OF WHALEN AN EASY THING
CHICAGO. July 5.— Washington Park sum
mary: .
Fiist race. Elx furlongrs — Conundrum won.
Fieuron second. St. Wood third. Time, 1:18 1-5.
Second race, five furlongs— Hans Wagner won,
Jordan second, Doreen third. Time, 1:05 1-5.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth— Prince
Blazes won. Harry Preston second, Evelyn
Byrd third. Time. 1:54 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Barrack won, G. "W.
¦\Y. second. Gawalne third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Filth race, seven and a half furlon-rs, purse—
Louisville won. Major Dlxon second, Ohnet
third. Time. 1:33.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Toah won. Lady
Stiathmore second. Sevoy third. Time, 1:16.
6T. LOUIS, July 8.— Delmar Park results:
First race, five furlongs, purse— Bandrol won,
Phonollte second, Lillian M. third. Time, 1:04.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Admiral 6chley won. Early Bird second;
Kid McCoy third. Time. 1:47%.
Third race, seven furlongs, celling— Dominie
won. Lady Curzoa second, Ben Frost third.
Time, 1:30.
Fourth race, one mile._Bellinr— Maxlmus won.
La Desirous second. Menace third. Time, VA2\.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Belle Simpson won, Milwaukee second. Lamp
Globe third. Time. 1:47%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Matt Hogan
•won. Horseshoe Tobacco second. Dr. Cav«
third. Time, 1:16";-
CINCINNATI. July 6.— Newport summary
First race, elx furlongs, celling— Plying Bird
•won A6sacsln second,, Nannie J. third. Time,
1:1S*«.
Second race, live furlonps— Frank Becker -won.
The Widow Gecond. Lathrop third. Time, l:C!*i.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Arriba won,
Troubaline second, Rare Perfume third. Time,
1:15V4.
Fourth race, seven furlong*, selling— Fairy
Day won. Durrell 6econd, Gibson Girl third.
Time. 1:28. -~,
Fifth race, six furlon-rs, selling— Fairy Dell
¦won. Grandma II aecond, Caloocan third.
Time. 1:14*4. • '
Sixth race, one mile. Belllnsv-Equality won.
Kin? Elkwood second. Brown Vail third. Time,
1:43*.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 5.— A track five sec
onds 6low and a stiff headwind on the home
stretch contributed toward making- very slow
time at Mlnnchaha this afternoon. The' rain
of yesterday killed the epeed of the " track.
Summary :
2:«5 pace, purse $300— Florette Belle won sec
ond, third and fourth heats and. race. Best
time. 2:21. Edith O. second. Hal Black third.
Fauna Glenn fourth. Nellie Bly. distanced In
fourth heat, won first heat In 2:24*4.
5:13 Dace, purse $500— Tommy Wilton won
third, fourth and fifth heat*. Best time, 2:18.
Dick Turj>ln won second heat In 2:16 and was
second. Queen B. third, - Red Strath fourth.
Shellah, distanced In second -heat, won first
heat In 2:17.
Bl'TTK. Mont.. July 5.— Track fast, attend
ance rood, weather fine. Summary:
First race, trotting and -pacing— Hop Pie won.
Club Wilkes second. Best time, 2:1»%.
Second race, five furlongs— Duckoy won, Don
H. second. Sweet Voice third. Time. 1:OL ¦ '••
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Dandy
won, Huachuca second, K. C. third. Time. :55.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Flamero" won,
Pweet Caporal second. The Butcher third. Time,
1:14V . .
Fiith race, six furlongs— Miss Remsen won.
Mountain Queen second. Nobleman third. Time,
l:14H-
Sixth race, one and 'a quarter I miles, five
hurdle*— Auridiffer won. Rio Chlco second, Del
frado third. Time, 2:214.
BUFFALO, July E.— Results at Fort Erie:
First race, eli furlong? — Inker-man won. Royal
Salute second, Give and Take third.' Time,
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Wire
In won, Tao Man second. Dunsbro third. Time,
Third race, seven* furlongs— Satire won, St.
David second. .Montreal third. Time, 1:28.-
Fourth race, six furlongs— Rideau won. Gran
deur second, Oconee third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Lemuel won. Ocla
-xaza second. Miss Blarney third. Time. 1:02.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Belle Court
won. Tody Ladle second. Filibuster third. Time,*
1:49. -¦¦¦¦•¦
Runners, Trotters and Pacers
That Finish for a Count
With the Wily Poolsellers
TAKE PURSES
ON EASTERN
TRACKS.
Most Exciting Race of All Henley Regattas.
Pennsylvania Made a Game Fight,
but Was Beaten by a Full Length
LEANDER'S CREW WINS
AFTER HARD STRUGGLE
READY FOR THE
TRIANGULAR
RACE.
Constitution, Independence
and Columbia Will Have
It Out Over Thirty Miles
NEWPORT, R. I.. July 5.-Prepa rations
are complete to-night for the great race
to-morrow between the Constitution. In
dependence and Columbia. The tmknown
quantity is the Columbia. Some say that
in her the limit of speed has been reached.
A famous New York Yacht Club man said
to-day that her captain. Charles Barr. la
the best racing skipper In the world, and
furthermore that he is now getting more
speed out of the Columbia than ever Ire
fore in her history. At all events, she is
a most admirable trial horse.
There has been much discussion this
afternoon and evening over the relative
measurements of the three yachts. As the
measurements stand the racing: length of:
the Constitution is 104.73 feet, Indepen
dence 103.35. Columbia 102.30. Thus in a
thirty-mile course the Constitution, the
largest boat of the' three, would allow the
Independence forty-four seconds and the
Columbia one minute and seventeen sec
onds, and the Independence would allow
the Columbia thirty-three seconds. Should
the result be very close it might be neces
sary to remeasure the Independence, as
Mr. Kyslop was not satisfied with the
water line measurement this morning on
account of some difficulties in getting the
tremendous overhang, which, by the way,
is the longest he ever measured In an ex
perience extending over many years.
The Independence left her moorings
about 1:35 o'clock this afternoon and stood
down the channel under mainsail, club
topsail, staysail and jib. When off Castla
Hill she broke out her tremendous spin
naker and with a good burst of speed,
went down toward Brentons Reef light
ship. When off the reef she took in her
spinnaker, came about and stood over
toward Narragansett Pier. Then she
hauled aft her sheets and started on a
five-mile beat up. the bay. Meanwhile the
Constitution, which had been lying at her
moorings all the morning with mainsail
and a new club topsail set. let go and
stood over for the Jamestown shore on
the starboard tack, Captain Rhodes appa
rently only jogging her along. Soon after
ward, however, he had everything draw
ing in proper form and the boat went
through the water at top speed in a light
northeast wind well down the channel. To
the leeward was the Independence, also
at her best speed, apparently; and also
on the starboard tack, but the Boston
boat was so far in the lee that It was not
possible to get any idea of their relative
speed qualities. The Independence was
given a good full and went througn the
water very fast, but the Constitution was
at the same time pointing much higher.
The little. brush was soon over and no one
was the wiser. Both boats shortly after
came to -their moerlngs. The Columbia
did not leave the harbor to-day.
Averages That Show Standing
of. . x the California League
Teams and Individual Rank
COURTNEY
LEADER IN
BATTING
The following tables showing the stand
ing of. players in; the California League
will be of interest to the enthusiasts. As
will be seen Courtney of Sacramento
leads in batting, Hutchinson the first
basemen, Reltz the* second basemen, J.
Rellly the third basemen, Kelly the short
stops, Croll the fielders, Mosklman the
pitchers and Spies the catchers. Follow
ing Is the standing of the teams and play
ers: .• • ' . . ' ¦ ¦ ..
BOATING, EASTERN, WESTERN AND LOCAL BASEBALL :SPOIRTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JULY 6jll9Ol.
5
ROOT AND GARDNER.
Boers Appeal to the
Powers Against the
British.
MOB ATTACKS
THE DOWIEITES
How Wealth is Increased.
When John I>. Rockefeller modestly and
for the purpose of Illustrating his point
told" hla son's Bible claw that the cor
poration of which ho is the head had pnld
out J70O.0OO.00O In wages he did no more
than echo what Abram S. Hewitt once
tolrt an audience of worltlnKmen. say* the
Philadelphia Times. Mr. Hswltfs th*m«
was' that no man can ama** groat wealth
by the aid of any Industry cr any Inven
tion without Increasing the wealth of the
world In far greater proportion than his
own was Increased. He Illustrated that
by speaking: of Sir Henry Bessemer as one
of the greatest of philanthropists; For
Bessemer'* process brought him ahout
$20,000,000. but It Increased the .wealth- of
the world, according to Mr. Hewitt's esti
mate, by a.* much a» $1,000,000,000. and al
most every person, at least. In th« civ
ilized world was directly or Indirectly ben
efited thereby.
¦ Edison once made a computation that
his Incandescent lamp supported 1.000.OX)
persons and increased the capital of the
world by nearly KOO.OOO.OOO. although hla
own bhare'ln that Invention was only a
little over $3,000,000. So too, the Inventions
of Westlnghouse. of Bell, have probably
Increased the wealth of the world by as
much as $1,000,000,000. and the two cor
porations, one identified ' by Westing
house's name and the other, of which Mr.
Coffin is the head, are paying several mil
lions every year, the proportionate wages
each one receives from this payment b*.
lnj- very high.— Kansas City World,
AB.
Streib. rf 4
Dunleavy, it 4
Drennan. cf 4
Eag-an. lb ; 4
Francks, bs 4
Arrellanes. "2b 5 .
Lohman, e 4
Moore. 3b 5
R. 1
1
0
1
0
1
1
0
1
BH. i
4
1
0
1
2 •
2
1-
2
SB.
0
0
0
0
• 1
0
0
1
PO.
4
1
3
10
6
1
1
1
a. :
i
i
0
0
2
6
0
2
E.
0
0
0
1
1
0
2
1
Mosklman, p 4 110 0
Babbitt, p 1 0 0 .0 0
2
0
0
0
Totals 39 6 14 2 »26
• 'Stanley out, hit by batted balL
13
5
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. es 6 0 0 0 2 3 0
Mclaughlin. If 5 2 2 1 1 10
Courtney. 2b 6 1 10 8 8 2
Doyle, rf 6 1 ' 3 >0 8 1 0
McGucken, cf 6 1 01 8 10
Hanlon; lb 4 3 2 2 6 0 0
Stanley, c 5 3 4 1 8 0-1
She-3han. Sb 4 3 2 0 1 .0 • 0
Stricklett, p 4 2 3 1 0 Sj; 0
Totals 45 16 " 17 , 8 27 '. 12 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ;
Oakland 1 0 0 2 2 10 0 0— «
Base hits 2 112 8 8 0 11-11
Sacramento 0 0 3 0 0 6 2-6 1—18
Base hits 00301436 1-17
-SUMMARY.- - ..—"I.
Clubs— v
San' Francisco .'.'.......
Los Angeles,. .........
Sacramento :..';•.•..:...
Oakland ..;.
. , ; .Won.
.86: . :
31
.;¦....:.. 27 ; "
...^ 26, .¦
Lost
27
i«
: S2
35
t.
Pet.
.571
3 .644
'- .455
.426
BA'
'TINO.
Courtney, Sac
Doyle,' 8ao '.
Householder, L. A..V.
Hildebrand, S. F....:
Streib, Oak
Pabst, S. P..
Reltz, L. A...........
C. Reilly, L. A
Lohman, Oak ........
Holland, S. F
Schwartz, S. F....::
Devereaux, Sac
McLaug-hlin, Sac ....
Hutchlnson,. L. .A....
Dunleavy,'. Oak- ...'...
Nordyke, S. F
Brockoff, L.>A'.. ....:.
Krugr, S. F
Drennan,- Oak ".:.:;;.
Hanlon, Sac
Stanley; Sac '....¦.....
Evans, S. F.'.
Kelly, L,. "A..
McGucken, Sac:.:....
Stricklett, Sac
Bqwman, L. A.'. .'..'..
Graham, .S. F
ATrellanes, ¦: Oak. ;
Francks, Oak
Held,-Oak-....V.......
Spies. L,. A
.Babbitt, Oak
Sheehan, Sac
J. Reilly,- S." F.......
Croll,' S. F......
Moore, Oak
Whalen, S. F..
Decker, Oak.-L. A...
Mosklman, Oak
Jones, L. A
Hartwell, L. A
Johnson.vOak
Brlseno. *L. •¦ A : .
Iburgr, S.- F ;.....
Hale, L. A......
NAME AND CLUB.
1:
. a
- a
f
51
65
57:
69
61-
15
56.
53
29
¦69'
57
67
49
•50'
53
35
61
59
52
'48'
17
55
51
43
55
61
--
•26
55
38
57
59
35
67
.21
12
43
23
14
17*
21
.25
18
- -* 1 <. c ;
:¦• "ij?
•212. 31
228 41
-230 37
216 24
225 36
53- . .7
181 32
160 26
110 28
253 34
237 42
231 40
185 38
186 30
182 22
20V 40
244 34
212 24
213 33
163 18
_5S 5
tlS 24
216 29
.150 19
-192 9
215 17
237 32
200 30
81 10
230 25
103 15
198- 26
224 17
133; 17.
200 13
66 .6.
36 2
155 14
79 2
46 3
62 3
85 6
87 3
50 1
f l.|. ; |-
"io" "12 ..357
70 !12 .330
.73 9' -.320
70 '12 -*.3O4
65 .10 .301.
63 15- .283
,15 -.2 .280
50' 12 -.276
44 10 .275
30 2' .272
68 V12 '.266
63 24 \266
61 23 ,2fi4
47 8 .254
47 9 -.252
46 10 .252
51 12 .230
61 9 .250
53 17 .245
51 10 .239
39 6 .232
13 1 .232
49 12 ,230
49 5 '.227
34 4 .226
43 9 ..221
47 9 .213
50 7 .2il
42 IS .210
17 T -.209
47 11 .204
20 15 .194
37 " 8 \1S7
39 ',3 .174
;23l .3. M7J
34 3. .170
11 2 J66
6 0 .166
25 : 5 .161
13 2 -.15i
7 i0: .152
7 2 .131
11 4 '.128
11 -2 .125
5 0 MOO
3(
is:
7!
41
6:
8:
8'
5(
FIELDING,
¦. - . ' a
. . . ... p
3
3
NAME. :
1 c sT '
9 ?
•2 §¦ j
oq •
> I I
First Base — ¦
Hutchlnson 49
Streib ....:...;:.¦.....'...... 41'
Decker. -....:. 12
Hanlon- ...'. .;.•.:...'. .::'..;. 53
Pabst. '..;... 57
Second Base—.
Reitz ....: ;... 15
Jirisono '. 21
Courtney 50
Arrellanes « 59
Schwartz 56
Brockhoff 18
Third Base —
J. Reilly 56
C. Reilly 56
Sheehan 51
Moore 57
Shortstop^- -."r •»%»—-- "¦¦¦
Kelly .....? I...?...... 55
Krug ....: ,. 57
Francks.. 55
Devereaux : 52
Fielders—.. • •,
Croll ................' 35
Bowman 55
Held 21
Stricklett 20
Drennan .........: 59
Householder .............. 55
Hildebrand :..... \ 57
Dunleavy ,41
Doyle ..'..". 40
Nordyke 41
McGucken 51
McLaughlin 54
Holland 29
Streib .....:. 20
Brockhoft 33
Mosklman '.' 19
48S 8
371 10
,102 S
' 516 22
613 25
43' 41
41 62
143 159
149 176
112 194
67 40
76 139
83 137
69 109
43 141
113 197
152 178
147 167
106 164
-.9* .9S2
8 -.982
.2 .981
14 .974
21 .968
3 .965
5 .954
15 .952
34 .933
34 .900
15 .870
21 .912
27 .898
22 .890
30 .858
31 .909
37 .89J
48 .869
48 .849
' 71 8
121 14
39 9
33 2
.117 14
114 15
133 11
79 12
• 44. 6
-59 12
99 10
113 11
47 9
35 2
. 54 4
26 2
1 .987
6 .957
2- .960
2. .916
8- .944
11 .941
9 .941
¦ 7 .929
4 .926
6 .922
10 .916
7 .916
11 .909
4 .902
8 .879
4 .875
PITCHE
o
p
a
&
7
go • >j
! S a
2 2.
s »
g. on
1 .956
1 .933
5 .906
3 .898
2 .888
6 .86?
6 .862
2 .852
3 .826
3 .809
3 .807
NAME.
Mosklman ..'.
Iburg ••
Doyle
Stricklett
Whalen
Hale
Babbitt.
Johnson
Jones
Evans
Hartwell
24
17
23
21
IS
25
10
23
15
13
i
'26
10
14
14
10
4
18
3
1 I
61 3
60 4
42 3
48 4
38 4
36 1.
51. 5.
20 2
37 5
31 5
22 3
CAT'
:S.
NAME.
O
P
I
2
|
CD
* a. § .
: to S"
• 2
. ; m I ,
8 4 .968
5 8 .949
16 12 .909
18 10 .906
Spies v
Stanley -••••
Graham •
Lohman
48
61
63
285
217
210
200
69
47
74
72
TEAM
ING.
CLUB.
i
W W J£ >ij
j 1 S % |
• ? S "
: : f :'
389 604 110 .251
•286 474 90 .233
310 424 87 .229
239 413 101 .217
Sacramento
San Francisco....
Los Angeles
Oakland
tnento . ..
rrancisco.
.ngeles....
nd
.... B7
.... 61
.... 55
.... 59
i
2004
2036
1844
1894
M FIELDi:
G.
CLUB.
B o
: ?
65 ' 1491*
G7 ¦ 1503
61 1(520
69 1564
I J i
I !i .!
876 138' .940*
618 145 .936
' 880 176 .934
' 808 200 .923 ]
Log Angeles
flacrumprito
Ban Francisco....
Oakland
•hlcapo 6 I" 2
irooklyn 12 20 3
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; McJames and
"arrell. Umpire — Nash.
>ittsbur«f • I "
s'ew York a '
Batteries— Philllppi and Zlmmer; Phyle an'
JVarner. Umplre-^Colgan.
J\. XX. Xj.
St. Loula 2 15
Philadelphia 2 » . 3
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan; Donohue and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— O'Day.
' R.
Boston • *
Cincinnati 3
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttrldge;
Berren. Umpire— Cunningham.
H. E.
9 2
8 4
Case and
2
VMwaukee •
4
. 11
3
2
1*1 tlmori»
•hll»<1«>li>hla
.... 8
t
11 •
10
4
' S
1
i
>Hro!t .
•hlrHL-n
4
I
12
17
Wtr.n 2 9
A'ashlngton 1 — 4
Batteries— Winters and Crlger; Patten,
ind Clarke.
r..
2
S
Lee
AB.
Streib. rf 4
Dunleavy, it 4
Drennan. cf 4
Eag-an. lb ; 4
Francks, bs 4
Arrellanes. "2b 5 .
Lohman, e 4
Moore. 3b 5
R. 1
1
0
1
0
1
1
0
1
BH. i
4
1
0
1
2 •
2
1-
2
SB.
0
0
0
0
• 1
0
0
1
PO.
4
1
3
10
6
1
1
1
a. :
i
i
0
0
2
6
0
2
E.
0
0
0
1
1
0
2
1
•hlcapo 6 I" 2
irooklyn 12 20 3
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; McJames and
"arrell. Umpire — Nash.
>ittsbur«f • I "
s'ew York a '
Batteries— Philllppi and Zlmmer; Phyle an'
JVarner. Umplre-^Colgan.
J\. XX. Xj.
St. Loula 2 15
Philadelphia 2 » . 3
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan; Donohue and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— O'Day.
' R.
Boston • *
Cincinnati 3
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttrldge;
Berren. Umpire— Cunningham.
H. E.
9 2
8 4
Case and
2
VMwaukee •
4
. 11
3
2
1*1 tlmori»
•hll»<1«>li>hla
.... 8
t
11 •
10
4
' S
1
i
>Hro!t .
•hlrHL-n
4
I
12
17
Wtr.n 2 9
A'ashlngton 1 — 4
Batteries— Winters and Crlger; Patten,
ind Clarke.
r..
2
S
Lee
Mosklman, p 4 110 0
Babbitt, p 1 0 0 .0 0
2
0
0
0
Totals 39 6 14 2 »26
• 'Stanley out, hit by batted balL
13
5
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. es 6 0 0 0 2 3 0
Mclaughlin. If 5 2 2 1 1 10
Courtney. 2b 6 1 10 8 8 2
Doyle, rf 6 1 ' 3 >0 8 1 0
McGucken, cf 6 1 01 8 10
Hanlon; lb 4 3 2 2 6 0 0
Stanley, c 5 3 4 1 8 0-1
She-3han. Sb 4 3 2 0 1 .0 • 0
Stricklett, p 4 2 3 1 0 Sj; 0
Totals 45 16 " 17 , 8 27 '. 12 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ;
Oakland 1 0 0 2 2 10 0 0— «
Base hits 2 112 8 8 0 11-11
Sacramento 0 0 3 0 0 6 2-6 1—18
Base hits 00301436 1-17
-SUMMARY.- - ..—"I.
Clubs— v
San' Francisco .'.'.......
Los Angeles,. .........
Sacramento :..';•.•..:...
Oakland ..;.
. , ; .Won.
.86: . :
31
.;¦....:.. 27 ; "
...^ 26, .¦
Lost
27
i«
: S2
35
t.
Pet.
.571
3 .644
'- .455
.426
BA'
'TINO.
Courtney, Sac
Doyle,' 8ao '.
Householder, L. A..V.
Hildebrand, S. F....:
Streib, Oak
Pabst, S. P..
Reltz, L. A...........
C. Reilly, L. A
Lohman, Oak ........
Holland, S. F
Schwartz, S. F....::
Devereaux, Sac
McLaug-hlin, Sac ....
Hutchlnson,. L. .A....
Dunleavy,'. Oak- ...'...
Nordyke, S. F
Brockoff, L.>A'.. ....:.
Krugr, S. F
Drennan,- Oak ".:.:;;.
Hanlon, Sac
Stanley; Sac '....¦.....
Evans, S. F.'.
Kelly, L,. "A..
McGucken, Sac:.:....
Stricklett, Sac
Bqwman, L. A.'. .'..'..
Graham, .S. F
ATrellanes, ¦: Oak. ;
Francks, Oak
Held,-Oak-....V.......
Spies. L,. A
.Babbitt, Oak
Sheehan, Sac
J. Reilly,- S." F.......
Croll,' S. F......
Moore, Oak
Whalen, S. F..
Decker, Oak.-L. A...
Mosklman, Oak
Jones, L. A
Hartwell, L. A
Johnson.vOak
Brlseno. *L. •¦ A : .
Iburgr, S.- F ;.....
Hale, L. A......
NAME AND CLUB.
1:
. a
- a
f
51
65
57:
69
61-
15
56.
53
29
¦69'
57
67
49
•50'
53
35
61
59
52
'48'
17
55
51
43
55
61
--
•26
55
38
57
59
35
67
.21
12
43
23
14
17*
21
.25
18
- -* 1 <. c ;
:¦• "ij?
•212. 31
228 41
-230 37
216 24
225 36
53- . .7
181 32
160 26
110 28
253 34
237 42
231 40
185 38
186 30
182 22
20V 40
244 34
212 24
213 33
163 18
_5S 5
tlS 24
216 29
.150 19
-192 9
215 17
237 32
200 30
81 10
230 25
103 15
198- 26
224 17
133; 17.
200 13
66 .6.
36 2
155 14
79 2
46 3
62 3
85 6
87 3
50 1
f l.|. ; |-
"io" "12 ..357
70 !12 .330
.73 9' -.320
70 '12 -*.3O4
65 .10 .301.
63 15- .283
,15 -.2 .280
50' 12 -.276
44 10 .275
30 2' .272
68 V12 '.266
63 24 \266
61 23 ,2fi4
47 8 .254
47 9 -.252
46 10 .252
51 12 .230
61 9 .250
53 17 .245
51 10 .239
39 6 .232
13 1 .232
49 12 ,230
49 5 '.227
34 4 .226
43 9 ..221
47 9 .213
50 7 .2il
42 IS .210
17 T -.209
47 11 .204
20 15 .194
37 " 8 \1S7
39 ',3 .174
;23l .3. M7J
34 3. .170
11 2 J66
6 0 .166
25 : 5 .161
13 2 -.15i
7 i0: .152
7 2 .131
11 4 '.128
11 -2 .125
5 0 MOO
3(
is:
7!
41
6:
8:
8'
5(
FIELDING,
¦. - . ' a
. . . ... p
3
3
NAME. :
1 c sT '
9 ?
•2 §¦ j
oq •
> I I
First Base — ¦
Hutchlnson 49
Streib ....:...;:.¦.....'...... 41'
Decker. -....:. 12
Hanlon- ...'. .;.•.:...'. .::'..;. 53
Pabst. '..;... 57
Second Base—.
Reitz ....: ;... 15
Jirisono '. 21
Courtney 50
Arrellanes « 59
Schwartz 56
Brockhoff 18
Third Base —
J. Reilly 56
C. Reilly 56
Sheehan 51
Moore 57
Shortstop^- -."r •»%»—-- "¦¦¦
Kelly .....? I...?...... 55
Krug ....: ,. 57
Francks.. 55
Devereaux : 52
Fielders—.. • •,
Croll ................' 35
Bowman 55
Held 21
Stricklett 20
Drennan .........: 59
Householder .............. 55
Hildebrand :..... \ 57
Dunleavy ,41
Doyle ..'..". 40
Nordyke 41
McGucken 51
McLaughlin 54
Holland 29
Streib .....:. 20
Brockhoft 33
Mosklman '.' 19
48S 8
371 10
,102 S
' 516 22
613 25
43' 41
41 62
143 159
149 176
112 194
67 40
76 139
83 137
69 109
43 141
113 197
152 178
147 167
106 164
-.9* .9S2
8 -.982
.2 .981
14 .974
21 .968
3 .965
5 .954
15 .952
34 .933
34 .900
15 .870
21 .912
27 .898
22 .890
30 .858
31 .909
37 .89J
48 .869
48 .849
' 71 8
121 14
39 9
33 2
.117 14
114 15
133 11
79 12
• 44. 6
-59 12
99 10
113 11
47 9
35 2
. 54 4
26 2
1 .987
6 .957
2- .960
2. .916
8- .944
11 .941
9 .941
¦ 7 .929
4 .926
6 .922
10 .916
7 .916
11 .909
4 .902
8 .879
4 .875
PITCHE
o
p
a
&
7
go • >j
! S a
2 2.
s »
g. on
1 .956
1 .933
5 .906
3 .898
2 .888
6 .86?
6 .862
2 .852
3 .826
3 .809
3 .807
NAME.
Mosklman ..'.
Iburg ••
Doyle
Stricklett
Whalen
Hale
Babbitt.
Johnson
Jones
Evans
Hartwell
24
17
23
21
IS
25
10
23
15
13
i
'26
10
14
14
10
4
18
3
1 I
61 3
60 4
42 3
48 4
38 4
36 1.
51. 5.
20 2
37 5
31 5
22 3
CAT'
:S.
NAME.
O
P
I
2
|
CD
* a. § .
: to S"
• 2
. ; m I ,
8 4 .968
5 8 .949
16 12 .909
18 10 .906
Spies v
Stanley -••••
Graham •
Lohman
48
61
63
285
217
210
200
69
47
74
72
TEAM
ING.
CLUB.
i
W W J£ >ij
j 1 S % |
• ? S "
: : f :'
389 604 110 .251
•286 474 90 .233
310 424 87 .229
239 413 101 .217
Sacramento
San Francisco....
Los Angeles
Oakland
tnento . ..
rrancisco.
.ngeles....
nd
.... B7
.... 61
.... 55
.... 59
i
2004
2036
1844
1894
M FIELDi:
G.
CLUB.
B o
: ?
65 ' 1491*
G7 ¦ 1503
61 1(520
69 1564
I J i
I !i .!
876 138' .940*
618 145 .936
' 880 176 .934
' 808 200 .923 ]
Log Angeles
flacrumprito
Ban Francisco....
OaklandBryan has at last a rival. Barley: of Texas — the
famous "Boy Bailey"— is in the hands of his friends,
and they bare put him in the race. . ¦ ' v
It is announced that Gorman will be a candidate for
the Senate from Maryland, but up to date there has
been no sign of surprise about it
In the contest between John Alexander Dowie and
a Georgia negro as to which is the reincarnation of
the Prophet Elijah it must be admitted that Dowie
lias the better color of title.
The .New York Sun, strangely enough, turns its
attention from things of the day to things of night,
which is a queer proceeding on the. part : of a.sun.-
Despairing of finding any counsel fitted for the work
ing hours of life, it tells the New Yorkers how to sleep
at night. One- would suppose the instruction would be
briefly thus: "Read the Sun and you will sleep"; but
no "sucJC curt phrase as that befits the subject The
Sun reviews various plans that have been proposed ior
producing sleep and finds none of them equal to the
exigencies of a hot night. It says the mechanical
tricks of repeating 'poetry or the multiplication table
won't work; that hot baths and hot milk are an old
story and are unsuited to the weather; that the plan of
taking exercise is bad, for no one would get out of
bed on a hot night to swing Indian clubs; that mus
cular relaxation and a mind emptied of thought can
hardly avail anything, since it would not be easy, to
get much more relaxed or limp than one is already
under the influence of the weather. After rejecting all
plans hitherto put forward, the Sun offers one ofjts
own. It says: "Let there be no clock or watch in. the
room. . Then you won't have to get up to see what
time it is. If you smoke, smoke a cigar in bed. ¦ It is
an infallible means of inducing sleep for.some people.
There are many excellent fire insurance' companies,
and should anything happen you would never wake
The methods of treating the subject are various.
The Boston Globe says: "The lesson for sweltering
humanity when a hot wave surges over the length of
the land never was put more aptly than by the old
philosopher whose counsel was: 'Be easy, keep-easy;
and if you can't be easy, be as easy as you can.' " The
New York Press strives 'for a new consolation. It
says: "It would be sardonic for us to tell you to keep
cool when you can't keep cool, but we. venture to re
mind you that we have had it much warmer and that
you should be grateful now that it is not so warm as
it will be before the summer is over." By way of show
ing a complete cheerfulness, it adds: "The Press is
an optimist on all questions save the regeneration of
Tammany Hall; -therefore, we say to you that the
weather is particularly gracious in that it is uniform in
its markings of temperature from day to day. Life is
much more tolerable with an average thermometer
reading of 82 from Monday to Saturday than with the
mercury at 70 on Tuesday, at 95 on Wednesday, back
again to 70 and up to 96 again." ' y
WHILE the people of the East have been
sweltering and falling prostrate under the
tefrific pressure of heat and humidity, the
philosophers of the press have been discoursing wis
dom with all the serenity of gentlemen who never get
heated except at election times. They have been tell
ing their readers to go slow and think cool things;
have reminded them that hot weather is good for corn
and watermelons, and in other ways have sought to
persuade the sufferers that it will be worth while to
survive the heated spellso that they may be alive next
winter when the cooling blizzards blow.
PHILOSOPHY IN THE EAST.
The recent race of automobiles from Paris to Ber
lin caused so much disturbance along the roads that
the French Government has forbidden the driving
of the. machines hereafter along public highways at a
rate of speed faster than that permitted to horses.
The^rule may. hold for a time, but in the end it will
have to give way," for the automobile age cannot be
held back to the pace of the past
On the exclusion of coolie labor our people are a
unit On the exclusion of merchants they are not a
unit Is it useful, therefore, to so formulate the de
mand as to make us seem divided rather than united?
It must not be forgotten that we have the East to
deal with in this matter, and the coolie question there
is subordinated to the commercial aspect of the issue.
If we unify the demand for exclusion to include
coolies and merchants there is grave danger that we
may get no exclusion at all.
The reason for the exclusion law, and the only and
sufficient reason ever given for it, is that Chinese
coolie laborers compete on unequal terms with white
American labor to the peril of the latter. To go be
yond that reason in a demand for continuance of
exclusion is in danger, of bfcing taken as a confession
that it is not good and sufficient
chants our trade with China will have to be carried on
through the seaports of England or some other Euro
pean power. If we exclude Chinese merchants \ we
must not expect her to admit American merchants, so
that we cannot transfer the point of exchange to her
soil and send American merchants there to effect the
distribution. All expansion of foreign trade means
demand for the product of our domestic labor, which
implies steadier employment and wages. Any con
traction of foreign trade means the opposite of these.
In the exclusion of Chinese merchants we can see only
contraction, and if that view be correct we oppose
such exclusion as being opposed to the interest of
American labor and the growth and independence of
American commerce. Already one-third the tariff
revenues paid on this coast is upon the goods im
ported by Chinese merchants. At the existing rate of
increase it will soon be one-half the total revenue. If
they are forbidden commercial asylum here we know
of no means by vvliich this trade can be maintained.
It wilr be seen that if we exclude these mer-
SOME of the labor organizations, in their memor
ial for re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
law, demand that no Chinese except the Min
ister and Consuls and their necessary official force
shall be permitted in the country. This would ex
clude Chinese merchants and practically establish
commercial non-intercourse between the two coun
tries. To have trade with . China we must have the
means of distribution and exchange. We own no sea
ports on that coast England does not need resident
Chinese merchants, for she owns Hongkong as the
base of her commerce. So Portugal owns Macao,
Germany Kiaochau and Russia Port Arthur, while
France is entrenched in Tonquin. But we have no
such base. Our Chinese trade is largely controlled
by Chinese merchants resident in this country, who
practically establish the point of exchange here in
stead of upon their own coast. We say they control
this trade, which means that they created it. They find
in their own country a market for American goods,
and buy the goods here and ship them for distribu
tion.
TOO EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSION.
It is this change that isolates such failures as that of
the Seventh National, and minimizes or postpones the
consequences that may follow the great industrial cap
italizations. If one of these do break, it will be inter
esting to compare the results with those which fol
lowed the break of such a pigmy institution as the
Ohio Trust Company in 1857. .
But in respect to the National Treasury, there is a
change since 1893. Then the Harrison administration
had seen it run empty and the Cleveland administra
tion received it in collapse. Now the gold standard
is definitely established; the endless chain is cut, and
there is a Treasury surplus of nearly eighty millions.
Instead of being the first victim of a panic, the Treas
ury now is in a condition to put in practice the prin
ciple of first aid to the injured, financially.
There is no doubt that were our financial condi
tions the same as in 1893 the failure of the Seventh
National would have started a panic. The explosion
would have been felt in the United States Treasury,
and in scuttling for cover its gold would have been
drained and, the national credit imperiled. People
forget how in a panic they depend upon the verities
and not the fiction of value. When Phil Armour felt
the panic of 1893 coming, he did not increase his line
of credits, nor reach out for more paper securities. He
began systematically to get gold, and- did not stop un
til he had accumulated millions of it sufficient to carry
him through. Those who reached for collateral did
not get through.
If "the story told about the Seventh National Bank
of New York" and the broker Marquand is true, it
proves that the great industrial combinations have to
imperil themselves in trying to preserve the conditions
necessary to their credit. Marquand had undertaken,
to finance a coal road which would tap a region to be
operated in opposition to the coal combination. That
organization, to save its own credit, "found it neces
sary to destroy his, but in doing so it blew up a big
bank, and might have started a panic that would 'have
reacted upon its own securities and destroyed its own
credit. ... - *•¦..
I SPECULATIVE BANK FAILURES.
THE 'CALL has repeatedly warned the country
that the furor for speculation, which always
accompanies good times, was likely to go to
suchextremes as to cause disastrous failures and make
the conditions for a panic The panic of 1857 came
out of a clear sky and ensued upon a long period of
prosperity. Its proximate cause was a speculative con
fidence in the rapidity of Western development The
Ohio Trust Company had invested and speculated in
Western credits, and. values had been inflated beyond
a sound limit. Naturally that company had become
the agent or trustee of moneyed concerns farther East,
and when it found itself unable to carry its speculative
load it fell and dragged credit and confidence down
with it. There has been a well-grounded fear that
the immense capitalizations of industries would repeat
the conditions of 1857. The financing of "these great
combinations involves a large number of institutions,
which hold collateral that will perhaps shrink with
prices. On a" rising or stable market such securities
are good, but they rapidly lose their integrity if prices
fluctuate lower. It remains to be seen whether even
such a colossal combination as the Steel Trust can
stand- the hardship of a falling market and decreased
consumption. It must not be taken for granted that
such organizations are immortal and immune to the
causes which affect credit. ¦ When financing them
has strained all the strong banks in the country, none
remain to come to the rescue of their credit, for the,
strong are already under them and the weak can only
take care of themselves.
Stop Dlarrhac and Stomach Crams*. Dr.
Sle«erf» Qenulna Imported Angostura Bitten.*
Luxuriant hair with its youthful color assured
by usinsr Parker's Hair Balsam.
. Hindercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta .
, The Springfield Republican refers- to Cuba as "a
plattamended island," arid while, the Word can hardly
be pleasing to the Cubans, it. is' better to ' have .their
country 'amended, that way. than not amended at all f
The next thing.is to make ready for the. coming "of
theEpwprth Le'ague. Every citizen in proportion to
his means should do the proper thing by subscribing
to the entertainment fund and decorating, his prem
ises. • ' ;_;:"¦_ ¦¦ \s ' • ¦< < ¦¦
The Santa Fe to Merced ard stare theses
via Merced Falls, Coulterville. Hazel Ch-e«n
Merced Bis Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at i th»
next afternoon. This Is the most popular rout*'
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Best Way "to the Yossmite.
Kites have been used with great success
as a means to stop partridges rising and
flying from cover where it is wished to
keep th.ejn for shooting— the birds wilh not
rise when kites are flying above them
fearing; doubtless, attack. ' - *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main I(M1 •
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b tt Townsead's.*
POWER OF A SONG.
Foster's "Old Folks at Home" is the
most popular song in existence. It has
been- translated into all the languages of
Europe and also into some j of Asia and
the isles of the sea. The lines are. poetic
only in the sense of suggestion; they are
so simple and artless that it -would seem
that any school child could pen them and
improve upon them, but they express the
sentiment of every homesick man or
woman that ever lived. Compared . with
"The . Old Folks at Home," Kiplins's
"Mandalay," .which has been said by
some high authorities to be the acme cf
homesick expression, is a disgusting emul
sion of beer and sensuality. There is an
oft- told story of a regiment ~ of trocps,
with pay overdue four months, that was
overtaken by the paymaster just as it
reached a camp near, a great city in which
everything was "wide open." Many of
the men, with their pockets full of money,
"broke guard" and returned to camp in
a condition prejudicial to good order and
military discipline. The guard themselves
became untrustworthy, good men though
they had been on.tho march and in battle;,
the sober members of the regiment strove
unsuccessfully 'to restrain the uncontrolla
ble, and- the colonel gravitated between
slaughter, andf suicide, when suddenly the
leader of the band asked permission to
try his hand . on the disturbing element.
Grouping his' musicians in the center, of
the. camp he started "The Old Folks at
Home," and played unceasingly for half
an' hour, when the officer of. the guard
reported that the camp was entirely .quiefT
•even the-most uproarious drunkards hav
ing wept themselves to sleep.
The statement has-been made to meet reports. that
President Symmes and the former president (Mr.
Dohrmann) are among the candidates for the office
of Mayor. Addressing himself definitely to the re
ports Mr. Symmes says: ,"As each of our names has
been mentioned among the early candidates for the
mayoralty, .both Mr. Dohrmann and myself desire
it, to be distinctly understood that neither one is a
candidate* and neither one would accept a nomination
if it might be offered." • • : *
The rule Which the officers of the association have
thus voluntarily imposed upon themselves is unques
tionably a good one. The Merchants' Association
would soon lose its influence among the people, a
considerable number of its members and a large part
of its power for good if it undertook to advance the
interests of any particular candidates or to set up can
didates of its own. It is now a powerful' and use
ful organization, and has" rendered effective service
to the community in promoting many forms of mu
nicipal improvement," but it has managed to do all that
solely because the people- believe, its officers and :
members ' are not seeking . personal ends. President
Symmes is therefore- right. in saying a- taint of poli
tics; would ruin .'its. influence. -ItwilU doubtless be
gratifying to ,the members .tor receive this [clear and
emphatic statement from-the president; and the grati
fication will be shared- by the community at large.
PRESIDENT SYMMES of the Merchants' As
sociation announces in the current number of
the Association Review that "there is an un
written and absolute law that. this association cannot
aid any- one to office or take a partisan stand in elec
tions.". He goes on to say: "Its principles are em
bodied,in measures, not men. . It seeks to obtain the
best results from' the conditions the voters give us.
It is' a voluntary aid to good government. A taint
of politics would ruin itsinfluence. Its freedom from
it, and the thoroughly .unselfish spirit of its workers,
have established a high standard in the past," and it
must maintain the same for the future."
THE RIGHT (5bURSE.
The number of "unknown" persons who were pros
trated by heat in Boston during the hot spell was so
large that the papers are advising citizens to tag and
label themselves so that if they drop on the streets the
police will know who »they are and where to take
them. - ...
WEALTH OF DENMARK— L. C.,
Marshfleld. Or. Mulhall in his latest re
vised edition of statistics gives the fol
lowing figures as to the wealth of Den
mark: Per inhabitant, rural $525, urban
$525,- total $1150; value of real estate per
inhabitant, $620; personal property, $630.
For. statistics of exports of butter to Eng
land from Denmark in 1S39 and 1000. as
well as of other products of the country
and the number of creameries, address a
"communication to the United States Con
sul at Copenhagen.
COUNTING IN CASINO— E. T.. City. In
playing the game of casino, If it is not
understood that points shall be counted
as they are made, then the following
method prevails— cards, spades, big ca
sino, little casino, sweeps. When cards
are even spades count first. If A had four
points to go and B one point and. A should
make spades, little casino and two aces
and B make big casino and two aces,
cards being even, A wtns, as he_ is "entitled
to count first and he makes enough to
put him out.
BESSARABIA— A. G., City. Bessarabia,
a frontier province of European Russia,
is a part of ancient Dacla. After being
possessed by the Goths, Huns and others
if was conquered by the Turks in 1474,
seized by the Russians in 1770 and ceded
to them in 1S12. The part annexed to
Roumania was, in 1856, restored to Russia
at the close of the war of 1S78, in exchange
for Dobrudscha, by the treaty. of Berlin,
July 13, and given up October 21, 1S78.
The correspondent is also anxious to
know where the poem is to be found. Can
any of the readers Inform him?
To think their dolors' others have endured.
WHO WROTE IT— A correspondent to
this department is very anxious to know
who' wrote a poem in which occur the
lines :
It easetb some, though none It ever cured,
HEIGHTS OF QUEBEC— W. G. R.,
City. This department has not the space
to reproduce poems. If you will go to
the Free Public Library you will there
find*' "The Heights of Quebec" You will
also find there accounts of Arnqld's trea
son and of the attack on Boston.
FIVE DOLLARS— Miss D. S., City. A
five dollar gold piece of the United States
.that does not bear on the reverse the
motto "B Pluribus Unum" does not com
mand a premium. • Eastern catalogues
rate those with the motto as commanding
from Jl to 52 premium.
CALIFORNIA PAPERS— C. & L., City.
Files of the California newspapers can
be seen at the Free PubUc Library or at
offices of newspaper agencies, the ad
dresses of which can be found in the
classified part of the City Directory.
OILED ROADS— B. J. C. Lodl. Cal.
While the use of oil has been found valua
ble for the purpose ¦ of keeping down the
dust on roads it would not be advisable
to use oil for the purpose of packing the
earth of reservoirs. ". ••
BAD BREATH-C. M., City. Bad breath
in a person may be caused by decaying
teeth or a disordered stomach. The rem
edy depends on the cause, and such can
only be prescribed by a reliable physician
after a diagnosis.
REPRODUCTION— H. S., San Mateo.
Cal. Pictures In newspapers or maga
zines can be reproduced by means of the
camera, the pantograph, sketching and
use of a specially . prepared varnish
fpr transferring. . . ¦
TEACHERS— TV. A. B., City. For Infor
mation about teachers In the Philippines
and positions for such communicate, with
the recorder of the University of Califor
nia, Berkeley, Cal.
MAYOR PHELAN— J. D. M., City.
James D. Phelan is now serving his third
term as Mayor of San Francisco, having
been elected three times in succession.
LANGUAGE OF STAMPS— Three Young
Ladles, City. The so called language of
stamps was published in this department
of The Call in the Issue of April 30, 1901.
MARBLED SEALING WAX— L. B.,
City. Marbled sealing wax is made hy
mixing different kinds of sealing wax to
gether just as they begin to solidify.
MAGGIE MOORB-J. F. H., City. 'The
last time that Maggie Moore, 1 actress, ap
peared in San Francisco was at the Cali
fornia Theater.
LABORER'S PAY— J. S. E., Presidio,
Cal. The average wages of laborers at
the Union Iron Works is 20 cents per
hour.
ACCORDION— J. D.. City. This depart
ment cannot advertise the "name and ad
dress of a teacher of the accordion."
BOSTON MASSACRE— R., City. The
Boston massacre occurred on the night
of the 5th of March. 1770.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PENNIES-Three Young Ladies, City,
Penniesof 1850 and of 1861 do not command
a premium. .
A revision of the game laws so that their exclusive
features are eliminated and that good food need not be
destroyed because the planet has made one more revo
lution would preserve game just as well, while per
mitting its. enjoyment, lawfully, to more people.
It is a poor comment upon the intelligence of the
law makers that the use of all game carried into the
close season is forbidden, to the loss of its possessor
and of those who need it for food. We are aware that
it will not do to supply the hunters with a motive for
over-killing during the season, to enable the dealers
to carry over a stock. But "this -can be '• avoided by
limiting'. the quantity of each kind of game that may
be carried over, so as to cover a legitimate surplus. '
There is too much tendency to so frame our game
laws as to make it possible for only an exclusive few
to take game at all. Those who. need it for food are
deprived of some of the best varieties, for its -sale is
prohibited. There is no less of such game taken, but
its use is exclusive and the general public is practically
prohibited. To them it is forbidden fruit. As much
game is taken every year as if those fond of it were
permitted to buy it in the market, so that the effect
upon game preservation is no better than if sale and
use were, permitted.
The result of this law is that any game left in the
hands of a dealer at the end of the season must be
thrown away and destroyed. J It is a waste that makes
the act of taking the game almost a sin. . There is but
one reason for taking game, and that is its use. -,To
take .birds for their plumage alone and animals' for
their skins is an offense, because it' implies a waste of
food or a disturbance of the equilibrium of nature.
THE season approaches in which, the. hunter. of
big game is interested 'in the game laws of.Cal
ifornia. They are complicated in respect to the
open and close season for; certain game, the date dif
fering in different counties../.! One feature of- the game
laws is common to them j we believe, in all the game
States. They. all proyidej penalties of ithe severest.na
ture for having game in possession after the end of the
open season, though it_.may be proved to have beeir
taken when to take it was lawful. • ;
OUR GAME LAWS.
only obstruction to making his project a success, says Thomas.
is the disinclination 'of Crear to sell his farm, although he has
expressed a hope that the plan may become a reality. Should
Crear decide to keep the farm he will offer the free use oi it
for the building of a home for ex-slaves. The logs comprising
the original cabin in which the ex-President was born, which
are at present on exhibition at the Pan-American Exposition,
will be brought back to the farm and erected on the site of its
original location. Thomas -says that log cabins similar to that
In which Lincoln was born will be built all over the farm for
the homes of the ex-slaves, and that a fine building will be
erected In the center for headquarters. The original cabin will
not be used for habitation, but a magnificent bust of Lincoln,
will be made and erected in the center of the cabin. Additional
land will be purchased and cultivated to supply provisions for
the ex-slaves. - . ¦
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It was a Frenchman who, in writing to
an acquaintance, said: "I left my knife
at your office yesterday: If you find It
please send It to me. Yours, Le Roque.
"P. S.— Since writing this I have found
my knife, so you need not trouble to send
it."
Dames." "
"I see that the* New York Sun has re
ceived a number of suggestions for nam
ing that proposed woman's hotel In the
big city. Somebody advocates 'Hotel des
"Sounds Frenchy, doesn't it? Besides,
there wouldn't be one New Yorker In 10,
000 who could pronounce It."
"Well, what do you think of 'Angels'
Roost'?"
"Suggests roosters."
"How about 'The Honey Comb'?"
"It might do if the room3 were en
suite." I '
"Then there's The Eva.' m
"Suggests ascending to the skies."
¦ "What's the matter with 'The Joan
d'Arc?"
"Too much flavor of burnt stake about
It."— Cleveland" Plain Dealer.
"Youah teeth twubbling you again,
Weggie, dean boy? Why don't you go to
youah wegnlar dentist, then?"
"Because, dean chappie. I learned to-day
that he dqesn't even nil his own teeth,
and a fellah who hasn't that much con
fidence in himself I'm afwald to twust.
don't you see?"— Harlem Life.
"What we needs In dis country ter-day,"
said the old colored paTson, "is mot he'll
in religion. A man came 'long heah some
time ago, endurin' my absence, after I
got married en wia off by myse'f enjoy-
In' er my honeymoon, en preach a sar
mont in de which he 'lowed dat hell wuz
gettin' cooler every day dat de brim
stone wnz givin' out, de matches wuz
wet, en de coal wuz g-wine, en atter dat
it wuz onposslble ter git a quorum In de
meetln' house! De congregation went off
en give .a big barbacue, en sold all dey
hymn books fer a song.;- En ter dla day
dar*a some er.dem dat -won't bTeve in
fire en brimstone twell dey see It blaze "
—Atlanta Constitution.
Trying: to Place It.— Teacher (on May
W — To-day Is the anniversary of a fa
mous battle. Tommy. Can you tell where
that battle occurred?
Tommy Tuft (after thinking har<D-Wa 3
it between heavyweights or the little fal
lows ? — Puck.
Mrs. Catterson-I thought I would come
TtJ IH\ that your HaroId h as been
SSVyjiX BObbIe ' •** Settle the
Mrs. Hatterson— Well, "for my part : I
have no time to enter Into any discussion
about children's Quarrels. I hope I am
above such things.
_"I'm delighted to hear that. I'll send
Harold over on a stretcher in an hour or
so,"— Harper's Bazar;
•Tes," said the Rev. Mr." Goodman "I
am sorry to say that there is a vast dif
ference between my brother and myself.
Two years ago we visited the Holy Land
and the River Jordan. Naturally, when
I came upon It I was lost in such a pro
found and reverential reverie- that I paid
no attention to George, and when I turned
around he was eonet." nw
"In such a sacred place h© decided to
SSSLJE? probabIy " "«"«
£•&££££*&& SS?S5i3
his head. He had hunted up a nice shady
spot about fifty yards down and was fish
ing."—Indianapolis Sun.
bTLst^ WhCU we thought a11 would
Mr . Smith-I can't say that you were
scared, but for a man who has been try
ing to get to heaven all these years you
appeared most reluctant to accept the od
portunity.—Harper's Bazar
<¦ Calif ornians in "Washington.
WASHINGTON, July 5.—The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh—Fannie A. Charles; W. H. Chick
erlrig. Metropolitan—W. Maxwell. Shore
ham—T. W, Brooks. All of San Francisco.
Californians in New York.
NEW'YORK, July 5.—The following
CaJifornians are at the hotels r P. ¦ C.
Allen at the Earlington, Mrs. W. A:
Barn at the Herald Square, W. A. Ber
nard at the Murray Hill, C. C.' Brlcken at
the Imperial, C. P. Freeland at the Her
ald Square, E. Coleman and Miss P. Cole
man at the Imperial, K. Fuhrman.at the
Sinclair, B. Georges at the Earlington,
Miss R. Dingley, Mrs. M. Dingloy, Mrs.
C. F. Starke, at the St.-Denis; * A. D.
S^'eet at the Herald Square, Mrs/ J.
Hecht at the Manhattan.
Los Angeles—M. S. Collins at the Im
perial, Miss H. L. Davie at the Astor, C.
C. Desmond, "L. Harris and wife at the
Netherland; A. C. Moore and wife at the
Astor. . * ,' ,•
San Diego—F.~H. Woodworth at the St
Denis. . •
Dr. Thomas Flint of San Juan is a guest
at the Palacel
Governor 'Gage is In the city and Is stay
ing at the Palace.
A. M. McDonald, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
' J. B. Chinn, a fruit-grower of For ter
mite, is at the Grand.
B. Myron Wolf leaves to-day for a two
weeks' visit to Vichy Springs.
J. M. Forgens, a prominent attorney of
Santa Cruz, is staying at the California,
Dr. T. A. Craw- of Agnews Asylum Is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife.
Frank Cummings, the popular clerk of
the Palace, left yesterday for a two weeks'
vacation.
Judge John F. Davis of Jacksonville,
Amador County, registered at the Palace
yesterday.
CM. Coglan, secretary of the State
Board of Equalization, arrived from Sac
ramento yesterday and is at the Lick.
"W. S. Morrison, the well-known insur
ance man of San Jose, Is staying at the
California. He is accompanied by his wife.
James McCudden, the well-known naval
contractor of Vallejo, arrived here on
| business yesterday. He is staying at the
Grand.
Dr. Weir Mitchell, the prominent physi
cian and author of Philadelphia, returned
yesterday from Del Monte, and is at the
Palace. „•
Captain P. Bradley Strong, son of the
late Mayor Strong of New York, returned
from the Philippines yesterday and is at
the Palace. ..... , -- ¦
Percy L. Schuman, ex-Lieutenant Gov
ernor of Illinois, arrived here yesterday
from Chi ttenden, where he has been In
specting his many mining Industries. He
is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Dickinson, accompa
nied by a number of artists, will make a
month's stay at Lytton Springs. Several
trips will be made through the picturesque
country in the immediate neighborhood.
. Jules Clerfayt, formerly with the Penn-^
sylvania Lines In this city, has been ap
pointed general passenger ' agent In the
United States of the International Sleeping
Car and European Express Trains Com
pany, with headquarters in this city. . -
PERSONAL MENTION.
\j. INCOLN'S old homestead near Hod&ensville, Ky., will
1 probably ' be converted into a home for ex-slaves. Such
I - ' J is the, plan of Thomas T. Thomas, a wealthy negro and
¦*~ - * ex-sla.ve, who has entered into, negotiations with Da
vid Crear of New York '" City, the present owner
of the farm, for the purchase of the birthplace of the.
great emancipator. Thomas has considerable wealth which
was left him several years ago by his former master, to whom
he had been faithful unto death, and should the proposed pur
chase k of the farm become a reality he will appropriate his en
¦ tire fortune to " the carrying out of his contemplated plans.
iThomas claims to have the backing of several wealthy negroes
of the North and East, and several prominent . white citizens
of the North, it is said, view the project with favor and will
c6ntribute money when it assumes a more definite shape. The
OLD LOG CABIN IN WHICH THE GREAT EMANCIPATOR "WAS BORN, AND THOMAS T. THOMAS, A RICH
NEGRO, N WHO PLANS TO CONVERT THE FARM UPON WHICH THE CABIN STANDS INTO A HOME FOR
THOSE WHO WERE ONCE SLAVES.
: ; In speaking about the war in South Africa in, a re
cent address, Lord Salisbury called it '"a great crisis,"
and said: "We are defending the King's territory
against invasion by neighbors who, in international
law, had no just complaint against "us." That is one
way of putting it, but it doesn't accord with- the gen
eral understanding of the facts.
Perhaps there is no better consolation available than
that- When it once gets into the head of the New
Yorker that he is becoming used to the heat he will
be able»to bear it with something of equanimity. In
fact, some generations from now there may be a
species of human salamander. inhabiting the city who
will really like the heat and 'humidity and who will
advertise. their locality as the only summer resort in
the world where one can. have free Russian baths
without having to leave his rooms. ' ¦ '..-
The 'New York Times cheers .the public by arguing
the average New Yorker doesn't suffer from heat
¦as much as he used to. It says that about thirty years
ago "it was necessary in ¦•' midsummer to establish
emergency hospitals in the Citv Hall". and elsewhere
for the victims of the too ardent sun, and the news
papers published daily lists that filled several columns
and read like the reports sent home after a great
battle. Nowadays a brief, paragraph usually suffices,
and yet the weather is just as hot, and the humidity
just as high, as they used to be. The increased power
of resistance to heat shown by the city's population
seems mysterious at first thought, but it is doubtless
due to the same causes that have lowered the general
death rate — to the improved conditions of life, and to
the better personal habits,, especially as regards eating
and drinking." / .' / :
up. This is serious advice' There is no other remedy
for sleeplessness' that equals the smoking of a cigar in
bed." -'-'y^r:
TO BUILD HOME FOR FORMER SLAVES
UPON THE LINCOLN HOMESTEAD
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
SATURDAY.... .JULY 6, 190 1
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.
Address AU Cosmcciettieni to W. S. LEASE, Manager.
JIAJVAGEITS OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202..
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including: Postages
DAILY CAUL, (Including: Sunday), one year $«.00
T>AH/T CALL (including Sunday). « months 8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— 3y Single Month — 65<s
.SUNDAY CALL. One Year l.W
WEEKLY CALL, One Year ; L 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions. '
' Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of : address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE .'....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
Xusger Tertlgn Adrertisiag, Karquette Bonding, CMetga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: .
C C. CARXiTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: •
STEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL ' ¦
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHKTGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. ..14OB G St, If. W.
MORTON E. CRAVE, Correspondent.
BRA\CII OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tmtll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
J:3D o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1P96 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
22C0 mimore. open until 9 p. m.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
. Grand Opera-house — "The Only Way."
Central — "Davy Crockett."
Ttvoli— "Babes in the Wood."
Orjiheum-iiVaTideTille.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcazar—' "Sapho."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenins. I
Fischer' »— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Bathe — Swlmmlnz.
AUCTION RAT/F.R
5y F. H. Chase & Co.— Monday. July I, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 1732 Market street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYHG TOTSI FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers centrmplmtlnr * ehsng* •(
Msilemee <5orln» the summer months earn hsr«
Ch+lr p«per forwarded br mall to their mew
ftA«re**e-s fey- notlfylxi*; The Call Business Office.
Itls paper will also be on sale at ail summer
¦*¦¦¦«•*» au*A i* represented br * local «*;e»t lm
•** towss «.m Utc coast.THE EX-POLICEMAN WHO IS
, CHARGED WITH MURDER,
AND HIS VICTIM.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— The War De
partment Issued an order to-day providing
that upon the usual requisition the Quar
termaster may furnish mineral oil, or
some other cheap and equally efficient
agent, for the destruction of mosquitoes
and their larvae.
Jtosquito-3>estroyer for Troops.
CINCINNATI, July 5.-Four men were
fatally* and three others seriously injured
by a natural gas explosion In pit No. 1 of
the series of shafts of the New "Water
works at Torrence road to-day. Those fa
tally injured are: Martin McLaughlln,
James O'Brien, Robert Barnet and James
Bryant.
Fatally Injured in a Mine Pit.
At the autopsy It was found that the
fatal shot passed through the child's right
arm below the elbow, and entering the
stomach two lncheB to the right of the
medial line passed through the liver and
kidneys and lodged against the spine ono
inch below tho lnst rib.
The autopsy held last night at the
Morgue elicited facts tending to prove
that it was from Wilson's revolver *that
the fatal shot was fired. The cartridges
whjch were extracted from Wilson's
weapon after it had been found in the
cellar were coated with verdigris. Verdi
gris also covered the bullet which was re
moved from the child's body during the
autopsy. The bullet is a thirty-eight cali
ber and corresponds with the bullets
which were in Wilson's revolver.
Wilson Joined the police force April 27,
1880. At that time he was 40 years of age
and an engineer by occupation. He was
attached to the southern division on De
cember 9. 1889, when he resigned. Decem
ber 17, 1888, he was fined $50 by the Police
Commissioners for neglect of duty, and
November 18, 18S9, he was reprimanded by
the Commissioners on a charge of being
intoxicated while on duty.
Policeman Smith Carr, who Is a gun ex
pert, examined Wilson's revolver yester
day afternoon, and said it had been re
cently fired, as" shown by the powder
marks In the muzzle.
The unfortunate girl died shortly after
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon and the
body was removed to the Morgue. A3
soon as the police were notified, Wilson
was booked at the City Prison on a charge
of murder. When informed of the girl's
death he said he was sorry, but declined
to say anything further, as he- had been
instructed by his attorney, ex-Judge
Bahrs, to keep silent. Prior to the girl's
death he denied shooting her. He said he
tock his revolver, which was kept In the
cellar, to try it, as it had not been in
use for some time: that he tired at a
board In the fence and not at any human
being; that he had never made any
threats against the children in the neigh
borhood, although they had been raising,
a disturbance around there for a long
time, and that, as four or five boys were
firing off revolvers Thursday night, tho
girl might have been shot by a bullet from
one of their revolvers. ,
•5 -;?
morning on the charge of assault to mur
der, lie was Instructed as to his rights
and the case was continued till July, as
the child was then still alive.
LITTLE MAGGIE HARTWELL
SUCCUMBS TO HER WOUNDS
Ex-Policeman Robert Wilson, Accused of
Shooting the Giri, Is Booked on a Gharge
of Murder—Grief of the Victim's Mother
%
DENVER, July 5.— A calm prevailed to
day over the scene of "Wednesday's trou
ble with the striking miners employed in
the Smuggler-Union mine near Telluride,
Colo. The latest Information concerning
the situation there came to Governor Or
man this evening: from Sheriff Dowtaln
and was contained In a telegram which
read as follows:
"There has been no violence or property
destroyed since the 3d. - 1 do not think- 1
can protect life and property in case of
riot. It Is usually done before one knows
it."
Governor Orman was very much re
lieved by the receipt of the above mes
sage, for ha feared that there might be
an outbreak before his commission could
arrive In Telluride and take the matter in
hand.
Mine Manager Collins* reply to the ulti
matum of the strikers, in which he prac
tically declined to accept their terms and
Intimated that it would be necessary to
shut down the Smuggler-Union indefinite
ly If their demands were persisted in, was
the most important development in the |
situation to-day. The final demands of
the miners and the refusal of the manager
to accede to them makes it appear useless
for either side to further present its
claims, and there appears to be no chance
for an amicable settlement of the differ
ences of the contending parties until the
Governor's commission takes a hand.
This commission, unless it was delayed,
arrived In Telluride late this afternoon,
and it is expected that it will lose no
time in conferring with the representa
tives of the Miners' Union at Telluride.
One thing it is Instructed to demand— a
surrender of the property now held by the
strikers. If this is not done at once the
Governor has instructed the commission
to say to the strikers' representatives that
possession will be secured for the owners
of the property even if it Is necessary to
call into the service the entire National
Guard of the State.
The feeling between the strikers and
the managers of the Smuggler-Union Is
very bitter, and it is feared that it will
not be an easy matter to Induce the men
to retire from the property. However,
Governor Orman was particular to select
men in whom the labor element has confi
dence in making up his commission, and
it may be that representations coming
from men whom the strikers hold as their
friends will- induce them to retire and
await an amicable settlement of their
claims. .
State- Labor Commissioner James T.
Smith, who has been investigating the
conditions at the Smuggler-Union mine,
returned to Denver to-day. He left Tellu
ride before the outbreak occurred. Speak
ing of the affair he said:
"Of course, the miners were wrong in
firing and entering the mine. In fact, It
might be called unjustifiable. But the
I management is not blameless. The strike
! would have besn settled long ago if the
company had shown a disposition to treat
the employes fairly."
The commission sent to Telluride, Colo.,
by Governor Orman to try and effect a
settlement of the strike at the Smuggler-
Union mine, wired to-night from that
place as follows:
"Conditions here are ouiet and seem
favorable for settlement. Conflicting ele
ments are In conference and there is ab
solutely no immediate danger to either
! life or property. We aFe just going to
I the scene of trouble at the mines with
I Manager Colling, and will send further in
i formation as speedily as possible."
Governor Orman left the State House
about 11 o'clock for his home, and should
any further communications be received
from Telluride it is not likely that they
will be given out to-night.
The Governor's Commission
Hopes to Speedily Settle
the Fight.
Calm Prevails at Tellu
ride, but Outbreak
May Occur.
SHERIFF FEARS
THE STRIKERS
There were many people at the station,
mostly ladies^who came to see the party
depart. Those in official life who came
included Secretaries Root and Hitchcock,
Comptroller Dawes and the ladies of their
families,
The weather to-night is very sultry, but
Dr, Rixey does not think It will have any
serious effect on Mrs, McKinley, as the
mountainous country, with its cool
breezes, will be reached during the early
evening, . .
Mrs. McKlnley, as she boarded the train,
showed unmistakable signs of her recent
illness in the thinness and pallor of her
face, but ehe moved with alacrity from
the carriage, boarded the train without
any material assistance and appeared to
be in a contented and cheerful state of
mind and quite at ease during the fifteen
minutes preceding the departure of the
train, . She cordially acknewledged the
greetings of the friends who had assem
bled at the station, .
WASHINGTON, July 5,-PresIdcnt and
Mrs. McKinley loft Washington to-night
for their former home, Canton, O., whore
they nro to spend tho remainder of tho
hcuted term, except that tho President
may visit fhe Buffalo Exposition and run
Into Washington for a few days. They aro
nccompanled by Secretary Cortelyou, Dr.
Rixey, several clerical attaches of the
Whlto HouBe and servants. The party oc
cupied tho private cars Olympia and Hun
gary, the President and Mrs. McKlnley
being assigned to the former. The party
is due to arrive In Canton to-morrow fore
noon.
M'KINLEY TRAIN
OFF TO CANTON
Peace in the Philippines is bound to prove
profitable to all concerned. Warring condi
tions, .whether they be in the Philippines or in
the human stomach, are ' equally ~ disastrous.
If. your- . Btomatfi has rebelled,' there is one
authority that will quickly subdue it. It is
•Hostetter's Stomach 'Bitters, and It cures con
stipation, indigestion, biliousness, nervousness
t and ¦ dyspepsia. - See that a private Revenue
Stamp covers the neck of the bottle,
Peace in tho Philippines.
RESTRAINING ORDER VACATED.— The
Del Mcnte Milling' Company's restraining order
against the award of the Almshouse flour con
tract to Hooper & Jennings -was yesterday va
cated by Judge Iiebbard. who sustained the de
fendant's dtmurrec
It Doesn't Cost a Cant
More to have trunks that are good travel
eis than those that can't stand the jar.
We get all kinds of traveling gear by the
carload. Leather goods of every kind re
ceived in large shipments. Full name let
tered In gold free. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
Til Market street. •
The children of the Maria Kip Orphan
age entertained their friends on the
Fourth by gathering around the flag on
the lawn and singing patriotic airs, salut
ing the flag, etc. They presented a very
pretty appearance dressed in their uni
forms of blue. Later in the. day they ar
ranged a very Interesting programme of
songs, dances and tableaux, at which
they displayed considerable talent, the
entire detail being arranged by a commit
tee composed of the' older girls.
The managers surprised "them with a
very fine repast, which added much to
their happiness. The evening was devoted
to enjoying a display of fireworks, play-,
ing games and dancing.
Maria Kip Orphanage.
Loss Amounts to Fifty Thousand Dol
lars and the Insurance
Is Light.
MODESTO. July 5.— Ten business houses
were destroyed by fire on Tenth street
this morning at 2 o'clock. The burned
district covers 123 feet frontage. The loe
c:l. are: Delta Candy Factory; C. A. Vo-
Ktlman. *=aJo<--n; G. . H. Bertram, cigar
Btorc; J. C. George, notion and clothing
store; Steenbergen &. Ellis, saloon; G. I.
Grcdwin, restaurant; Joe Lopez, barber
shop: J. H. Corley, fruit and vegetable
Eiand; James Johnson, real estate and in
surance office, and P, H. Medley, station
ery and notion store.
The buildings were owned by A. L. and
Frank A. Cressey, Charles D. Lane, Mazs
& Maddux and C. C. Crow, The total I0S3
will reach $50,000 and the insurance is
about $8000. The cause of the fire is un-
L'licwn. > .
MODESTO FIBE BUBNS
TZIT BUSINESS HOUSES
Mr. and Mrs, James A. Cook have sent
out cards announcing the marriage of
their dE.ueb.ter, Alice, to Robert Swan,
Wednesday, June 2G.
William Wolff and daughter. Miss Paula
Wolff, have returned after a sojourn
through Holland, Germany, France and
Great Britain. -
K. Max of 1411 Polk street has left for a
thirty days' trip to New York.
Mrs. Morton Lr. Cook has returned home
after an absence of six weeks in Los
Gatos.
Dr. and Mrs, J, I'. JaeRellng*. Dr, and Mrs.
W. K, Jackson, Dr. C. A. Morris and Miss UalU
braitli. Dr. J. It. Fowler and Miss von Zesch,
Mr. J. A. Whelan and the Misses Whelan, Dr,
AVIUiam Whelan and MIps Felling, Mr, and
Mrs. F. W, Yale, Miss Welch. Mrs, Felllnff,
Dr. F, R. Gibson, Dr. J, F, Gough. Dr, S. T,
Luce,
¦ Miss Daisy Co!man Is spending her sum*
mer vacation at San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Connelly. Mr. and Mrs. Ray
mond. Mr. and Mrs. Lohmeyer. Mr. and Mrs.
Shattuck. Mrs. V. Jenkins, Mrs. Stadacher,
Mrs- A. E. Bean, Miss*s Phebs Shattuck. I.
Gande. M. Gande, K. Bean, I. Thing:, Lynch,
V. lJt^n, A. Kluhr. A. Bwrn. Mesare. llecktnan,
Uuddy, Strohel. Chrlstensen. }Seaii, Koch.
Tabcr. I. Sell?. Howson, O. Beau. Iv. Seller.
Trirs. W. Bean.
A very pretty wedding was that of Miss
Molllo N. Wulfsan end Joseph Ruben,
which was celebrated at the residents of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. 1* Wolf-
M>n. Sunday. Juno SO. th© Rev. Jaador
Myers ofndaUnj;. As the wedding; party
entered the elegantly decorated parlors
th« bridal chorus from "Lohengrin" an
nounced their coming. During Iha read-
Ing of tho murrlRse service the bridal
party stood beneath a canopy of . while
sattn. After the certmony eupi>er wus
curved, during which it delightful musical
progrnmmo was rendared.
On July 4 Dr. Charles W. Decker enter
talncd his classmates, the graduating
dentula of tha Collopo of Physicians and
Surgeons and the junior medicals of that
college, al a magnillccnt lawn luncheon
at his beuutlful homo ut Palo Alto, and a
ride through all the beautiful grounds
nround. Mrs. Decker, assisted by Miss
Decker and Mrs. Meares, looked after the
comfort of the guests.
Among those who enjoyed the day's
outinj were;
An open air party was given to David
Bean at the home of his mother on Hart
ford street, June 29. The yard and garden,
which was utilized for the occasion, were
lit up with numerous Chinese lanterns.
Games and playa enlivened tho evening's
enjoyment. The warmth of the evening
caused "Rebekah's Well," which was
filled with iced lemonade, to be well pat
ronised. The following were present:
A quiet but rery pretty -wedding -was
solemnized last Wednesday morning: in
the new memorial chattel of Santa, Clara
College. The contracting parties were
Richard O. Gaynor of San Francisco and
Miss ilary "Walsh, who was spending the
summer with her father. William Walsh,
in Santa Clara. Miss Margaret O'Keefe
of San >"*ranciseo officiated as bridesmaid
and Thomas Kennedy was best man.
Rev. A. V. Dagrgie officiated and celebrat
ed the nuptial mass, which followed. Im
mediately after the ceremony the bridal
party and immediate relatives repaired to
the bride's residence at 951 Clay street,
where a wedding breakfast was served.
The happy couple were the recipients of
a large number of costly presents. They
left on the evening train for Hotel del
Monte, where they will spend two weeks.
On their return they will reside In Santa
Clara.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
war Secretary Plant a Trip.
WASHINGTON, July B.-S<^retary Root
rxpect* soon to make an extended trip of
Smp^etion of the various military posts in
tho N«irth-/pst.
Arctic Explorer Arrives in Worvray.
OHRISTIAMA. July 5.— Evelyn B. Bald
win, the leader of the Baldwln-Zelgler
Arctic expedition, has arrived here.
Execution at Silver Cltv.
SANTA FE. N. M.. July S^-Jose San
cl-.cr was hanged th'.s afternoon at Silver
City. He fared death complacently. Ean
chcif killed Catarino AlmanuUarex In a fit
of liner?!- last Uccttnbcr.
Leaps to Death From a Bridge.
LBA»E.>WOKTH. Kans.. July 5.—
G*ors:e Santae of Stiffing* cominitted eul
ride this morning: by Jutnplns from the
Terminal bride* into the river, lie had
lit en on n protnuted snrec
Many Buildings 2cnici
HAMILTON. Mo.. July 5.— The btrsln-ss
port'en of Polo, a town cf 10M inhabitants
« n th* Chicago. Milwaukee zxd St. Paul
Hallway, in Caldweil County, was destroy
ed by firo last nitrht. er.taillnjj a loss of
over JSO.oyo. The Bank of Polo an<J twen
ty bull(ii::rs were consumed.
mans in America, voted to-day to pro
ceed at once with a. plan pronrul gated
pome time ago whereby the Ancient Or
toof Hibernians in America will affil
iate with the branches of the order in
Great Britain. Australia and several of
the smaller colonies of the British cm-
Bank Director Ends TTi« Iiife.
LEIPZIC. July 5.— Another director cr
the Leipiiger Bank. K!krl Felhc Schaeffer.
<-otr.mitled raicide by shooting himself
This morning. Schaeffer was also a mem-
Ikt of the firm of Berger & Voigt. This
firm declared it Is not affected by Schaef
fer's death, as he sold his share of the
business yesterday on favorable term\
BUFFALO, X. Y., July 5.— The Nation
al Board of tie Ancient Order of HTber-
Affiliation of tho Hibernians.
CHICAGO. July 5. — Investigation into
the causes Trtiidi led former offlcers o*
the Supreme Lodge of the Endowment
Rank of the Knights of Pythias to make
certain alleged injudicious investments
•was began here to-day. Seven officers of
the society, .comprising the board of con
trol, went into secret session and heard
evidence dealing "with the investments.
On July 10 the board of control will make
a report to the convention of the Supreme
Lodge.
Investigation by tha Pythians.
MASOX C1TT. Iowa, July 5.— The ten
cier of an Iowa. Central passenger train
jumped iJne track near Hampton late yes
terday afternoon, derailing th* mail, bag
page and smoking cars. The mail car was
crushed and Postal Clerks Kendall and
McKerjrie of St. Paul were tilled.
Following are the injured; M_ C Hea£h»
Adams Express messenger, Ottrumwa,
Icwa, serious; John Morgan, baggageman,
I>Iason City, slight; S. B. Chapman, con
ductor. Mason City, slight.
Heath is a cousin of former nrst As
sistant Postmaster General Perry S.
Heath. lie is the oldest express messen
per m point of service in the country, hsv
izg served for over forty years.
Other 2Hen Injured in an
Iova Bisastsr.
"to PostoSIce Employes Sailed and
WRECK OF A TSAIK
EUTDS LIVES OP CLEBKS
Chief Jnmes H. Dunn of the Chinese Bu
reau has prepared tho following statement
of tho work of his olllco during the past
two years, showing that tho arrivals of
Chinese at this port have diminished by
more than one-half. The figures are more
oloauent than words:
CHINESE BUItEXU, JULY 3, 1901,
Chlneao applicants admitted and denied at
port of Ban Francisco for tha flacal year end
ing June 30, 1900:
BARRING OUT _
OF THE CHINESE
"She was hardly two minutes out of my
sight." the mother kept repeating and re
peating, "when they came and told me she
was shot. She had helped me with the
dishes and after the kitchen was all tidied
up I put her in a clean frock and gave her
permission to go in front of the door to
shoot off her 10 cents' worth of firecrack
ers. I went and sat at the door with her.
After she had shot off her firecrackers she
begged permission to go to the corner,
where there was a bonfire burning. I told
her she might go. Not ten minutes later
the whole street was crying out 'Maggie
1b shot.'
"She was too good for me," went on
the unhaopy mother. "Her eyes were so
big and brown, her skin so transparent.
She looked like a rich child."
Mrs. Hartwell has an idea that if she
were the possessor of unlimited means she
might perhaps have saved the life of her
loved one. She is not ignorant of the fact
that her child had done for her all that
science and skill and kindness could.
Neither Is the unhappy mother ungrate
ful; only she wishes that she might have
flung gold broadcast in fruitless efforts
to save her dear one'a life. .^
Mrs. Hartwell's grief Is noble. There are
tears and sighs and wild lamentation for
the departed little soul, but not one harsh
word for the white-haired man who took
the life of her child.
Wilson Charged With Murder.
Robert G. Wilson, the ex-poMceman,
who, It Is alleged, fired the fatal shot, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday
]V[other J s Pathetic Story.
LITTLE Margaret Hartwell, the un
fortunate girl who was shot by
ex-Policeman Wilson on Shipley
street on the evening of the
Fourth, is dead. She passed away
shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon. The end came peacefully. Earlier
in the day the little patient suffered con
siderably and sobbingly called out for her
mother to ease the awful pain. A dose
of morphine quieted the little sufferer and
made her last moments easy. .,,„,-¦,
Mrs. Hartwell, the girl 's widowed
mother, was constantly at th© child s bed
side. Her sorrow was most pathetic. Her
wild paroxysms of grief were followed by
a terrible calm that was even more pitiful
than her heart-rending sobs and sighs.
Her face was drawn, her eyes Inflamed
and swollen -and her voice strained and
hoarse. At 3 o'clock on Thursday morn
ing the physicians and nurses in attend
ance at the hospital induced her to leave
the little sufferer and go to her desolate
little home. - ..
"Your cries are not good for tne pa
tient," they told her and 6he went away,
only to return with the break of day,
¦when sho begged to be allowed to resume
her place at the bedside of her dying
'Mrs. Hart-well's grief Is of the simple,
touching kind that soon exhausts Its vo
cabulary an<* goes over and over again the
homely little details of her touching story.
J>. S. Strawbridge Killed by th.e Over
turning of the Tillamook-Nerth
TTamhiU Coach.
TZLLAMOOK, Or.. July 5. — The four
horse team on the Tillamook and North
Taxnhill stage ran away on a down grade
yesterday and the stage was overturned.
R. M. Strawbridge, a passenger, of Wil
lamette Valley, had an arm broken. D. S.
Strawbridge of Fresno. CaL. brother of
R. Ji. Strawbridge, was killed, bis skull
being fractured and his arms and legs
broken. The brothers were coming here
to visit relatives. Both were elderly men.
STAGE DISASTER COSTS
TRESNO MAN HIS LITE
SAN RAFAEL, July 5.— Considerable
excitement was caused in this city to-day
over the disappearance of Lucy Alberti,
the 16-year-old daughter of Joseph Alberti,
proprietor of the William Tell House, on
B street.
The girl left home yesterday afternoon
to attend the picnic at San Rafael Park.
She was seen thera later In the afternoon.
Since then her whereabouts is a mys
tery. She did not return home and her par
ents are nearly distracted over her ab
sence.
When seen to-night the parents claimed
to have discovered her whereabouts, but
refused to speak further. This is doubted,
as the officers have in no way relaxed
their efforts to find her. One rumor has it
that she was seen on Fourth street alter
11 o'clock last night and that she took the
northbound broad gauge train this, morn
ing. The youth of the girl, together with
her past conduct, incline the officers to
ridicule tlie theory that there Is a man in
the case.
Lucy Albert! Leaves Home to Attend
a Picnic and Fails to
Return.
SIXTEEIT-YEAR-OLD SAN
HAFAEL GIRL MISSING
A cable massage was received at thfl
War Department to-day from General
Chaffee, saying that the transport Meade
sailed from Manila to-day with three oBl
cers and HO enlisted men of the Eighth
Cattery* field artillery. General Mac-
Arthur is a passenger on the vessel. He
will go as far as Nagasaki, where he will
spend two weeks, completing his trip to
the United States in the transport Sher
idan.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— Acting Adju
tant General Ward to-day received a cable
message from General Chaffee saying
that Lieutenant Charles McClure Jr.,
Thirteenth Infantry, died at Catbalogan,
Samar, Philippine Islands, on the first in
stant, of dysentery. Lletuenant McClure
was a son of Colonel Charles McClure,
pay department, and a grandson of Gen
eral George "\V. Getty, U. S. A., retired.
He was born at Sioux City, la., June 10,
1S77, and was appointed a second lieuten
ant in the army from civil life June 1, 1SW.
An Englishman named Howard, former
chief of Geronimo's artillery, Is In com
mand of the insurgent forces in Mindoro
Island. They are estimated to number COO
men, armed with rifles, including several
American deserters. They occupy strong
entrenchments at Calapan and Nagan.
MANILA, July 5.— Post Commissary
Steward Eapple. accused of complicity in
the commissary frauds, has been acquit
ted. Provost Marshal Davis disapproved
of the sentence. A civilian clerk named
Stockman has been stentenced to three
years* Imprisonment.
MacArthur Leaves Manila
and Will Arrive on the
Sheridan.
Englishman in.Command
of Philippine Insur
gent Band.
ISLfti REBELS
lit the House of Lords to-day the Earl
of Sclborcie, First Lord of the Admiralty,
in a statement on the present naval posi
tion of Great Britain, said that the re
mainder of the year 1901 would witness
the completion of three armored cruisers
of the Cressy class, four first class bar
bette ships of the class of the Formidable
p.r.C two first class barbette ships of the
Atlas class. ...
The Secretary of the Admiralty also
said there was an absolute determination
on the part of the Admiralty to find the
best type of boiler, and the Government
v.as watching with interest a German ex
periment of combining cylindrical and
water tube boilers In the same shio.
The cruisers will be of 9S00 tons and will
have a speed of twenty-three knots. Their
arirament will be heavier than the Mon
mouth's. It is believed that the cruisers
which are about to be laid down will be
oqual to anything likely to be brought
asainst them. The now torpedo-boat de
s;royers will be of strong construction.
Jn regard to hospital ships, the Secre
tary cf the Admiralty said Great Britain
now had in the Mediterranean, through
the generosity of an American (Bernard
Eeker. president of the Atlantic Trans
port linet the well equipped Maine, The
new ships will be fitted with wireless tel
ecrcphy. as will also the other British
\srrships. as they come in for repairs.
Kfforts are being made to overcome the
arrears in shipbuilding, and the Secre
tary added the Government Is now able
to supply gur.s as they are needed.
LONDON. July 5.— In the House of
Commons to-day Arnold Forster. the Sec
rotary of the Admiralty, announced that
the year's shipbuilding programme includ
ed three battleships of a new improved
c!ass, six cruisers of the Monrnouth class
ard ten improved torpedo-boat destroyers.
The battleships will be of 16.503 tons ar.d
twenty feet longer than those of the For
midable class. Their indicated horsepow
er will be 18,000 and their speed eighteen
and a half knots. The armor of the new
l>aitleships will be about eight to nine
lacbd thick. A peculiar feature of the
new shirs will be six-inch guns not
mounted in separate casement, but in
closed in a battery with seven-inch arm.
or. The ships' armament will consist of
'W forward fire two 9.2-inch suns, two 12
inch guns and two 6-inch gutis; the aft
fire will he of the Formidable character.
It is thought these ships will compare fa
vorsbiy with anything building by any
Kuropean power. The new ships will b©
named the King Edward, the Dominion
:inci the Commonwealth, to commemorate
the great support rendered to King and
•¦our.try by the two gTeat branches of the
kindred race. .
Boiler Experiments in Ger
many Watched by the
English.
diately.
Battleships and Cruisers
to Be Built Imme-
H in N n MS
!H inns i Lrcili)
EWER HOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
KNIGHTS TEMPLABS WILL
PAEA^E IN" KENTUCKY
Commanderies in This City to Taka !
Part in the r>rlll3 at
Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 5.— The entry
lists for the competitive drills to be held
here during the twenty-eighth triennial
conclave of the Knights Templars of the
United States, August 27-30, were closed
to-day. Nine drill crops are entered as
follows: Allegheny Commandery No. S3
of Allegheny, Pa.; Columbia Commandery
No. 2 of Washington, D. C; Hanselman
Commandery No. 16 of Cincinnati; St. Ber
nard Commandery No. 35 of Chicago;
Mount Vernon Commandery No. 1 of Co
lumbus, O. (mounted); Calvary Command
ery No. 3 of Parkersburg, "W. Va. ; Colo
rado Commandery No. 1 of Denver, Colo.;
California Commandery No. 1 (mounted),
and Golden Gate Commandery No. 16, both
of San Francisco.
This will be the first infantry competi
tive drill held by the Knights Templars
since the triennial of 1883 at San Fran
cisco.
Kinyoun to "Go to the Orient.
DETROIT, Mich.. July 5.— Surgeon Kin
youn, in charge of the Marine Hospital
in this city, has been detailed by the su
pervising surgeon general of the marine
hospital service to proceed to Japan and |
China on a tour of inspection of the work
done by the marine hospital service there.
He will investigate contagious diseases
and particularly the plague. He will leave
to-morrow for San Francisco and will sail
from that port July 19, to be absent about
six months.
NEGROES PAY PEWA-TY
FOB CRIME ON" GALLOWS
Two Thousand. Spectators Witness
the execution of Pour Her.
- .in Florida.
CHIPLBT, Flal, July 5.— At Vernon, six
teen miles from here, four negroes. Bel
ton Hamilton, Jim Harrison. ¦WUllain.JWil
liams and John Simmons, were hanged to
day for murder. The three former had
been convicted of killing: avhelpleis negro
and almost killing his wife.. John Sim
mons had killed another negrov' The/town
of Vernon Is without railroad connection
and long rides were made by all classes
of people to see the hanging:.'" At least
2009 persons were present.
The four negroes were made to ascend
the gallows at one time, and after short
statements from each, all claiming to be
on the road to heaven, the trap was
sprunjr. Only one neck was broken, the
others dying from strangulation.
Boosevelt to Be the Guest.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. July 3.—
In arranging for . the twenty-flf th anni
versary in Augrust of the admission of
Colorado as a State, the local committee
to-day completed the details for the com
nlimentary banquet to the editors of the
State, at ¦which Vice President Roosevelt
is to be the guest of honor and principal
speaker. Henry "Watterson and other
noted editors have been invited to attend.
Buys a Big* Cattle _anch.
FORT "WORTH. Tex.. July 5.— John B.
Slaughter of this city has boupht the
rar.ch and cattle of the Nave-McCord
Cattle Company of St. Joseph, Mo., for
$265,000. The ranch comprises 100.0CO acres
of land in the Texas Panhandle and 7000
cattle.
7
CLASS,
I- Ad-
mitted.
Denied.
Total.
Miscellaneous ,.,..,,.,.
Returning merchants
and families, ,..,.....
Natives , ............
First visitors,,,,,,,,.,]
Exempt classes,,,, ,,. J-
Merchants, students,, J
%
32
1,218
729
i
i
: ' ¦ '
m
336
41
1.441
1,057
6S3
$35
1,118
Totals ,,..,,.. .,!,.,,.
Returning laborers, cer-
tified ,..,, , ,
2.S60
737
8,657
1.0S2
1,083
Grand totals,,,,,,,,,, |
For fiscal year ending
2,942 !
4,739
; June 3i
I Ad-
I mltted.
I
0, lEOll
CLASS, I
Denied.
Total,
Miscellaneous ,'.
Returning merchants
and families.,,',,,.,,,,
Natives ..,.',,,,,.,,,,,,.
First visitors. .,,,,,,,, ]
Exempt classes,,,,,,, Y
Merchants, students,, J
4
9
653
218
¦ 877
226
835
444
1S4
SOO
354
Totals ,,., ,,,,,.
Returning laborers, cer-
tified ,,.,,..,,„,,,,,,,,
1,035
I
707
1,743
793 I
79S
Grand totals.,, ¦,,,,,,.(
Total arrivals for yea
irrivalB for year 1801 w<
I
1,828
'• 2,633
ir 1900 were 4,962,
ere 2,084,
Tota
CLASS,
I- Ad-
mitted.
Denied.
Total.
Miscellaneous ,.,..,,.,.
Returning merchants
and families, ,..,.....
Natives , ............
First visitors,,,,,,,,.,]
Exempt classes,,,, ,,. J-
Merchants, students,, J
%
32
1,218
729
i
i
: ' ¦ '
m
336
41
1.441
1,057
6S3
$35
1,118
Totals ,,..,,.. .,!,.,,.
Returning laborers, cer-
tified ,..,, , ,
2.S60
737
8,657
1.0S2
1,083
Grand totals,,,,,,,,,, |
For fiscal year ending
2,942 !
4,739
; June 3i
I Ad-
I mltted.
I
0, lEOll
CLASS, I
Denied.
Total,
Miscellaneous ,'.
Returning merchants
and families.,,',,,.,,,,
Natives ..,.',,,,,.,,,,,,.
First visitors. .,,,,,,,, ]
Exempt classes,,,,,,, Y
Merchants, students,, J
4
9
653
218
¦ 877
226
835
444
1S4
SOO
354
Totals ,,., ,,,,,.
Returning laborers, cer-
tified ,,.,,..,,„,,,,,,,,
1,035
I
707
1,743
793 I
79S
Grand totals.,, ¦,,,,,,.(
Total arrivals for yea
irrivalB for year 1801 w<
I
1,828
'• 2,633
ir 1900 were 4,962,
ere 2,084,
Tota
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CUBE ANY DISEASE.
The Cause Must Be Removed, Same
Way With Dandruff.
Kill the germ that causes dandruff, fall-
ing hair and baldness,' you will have no
more dandruff and your hair must grow
luxuriantly. Herplclde ijot only contains
the dandruff germ destroyer, but It la also
a most delightful hair dressing for reg-
ular toilet use. No other hair prepara-
tion is on this scientific basis of destroy-
ing the dandruff germ than Newbro's
Herplclde.
DR.MEYERS&CO. jgi!^
Specialists. Disease j&s|k#'" T|C
and vreaknepa of |pS».' V
men. Established ft^fr* *cr&.Vf?l
1SS1. Con imitation flyi iSq
and private book
free, at office or by VSt AuJ
mnll. C" res euar- UKWi^w^S^
anteed. 731 Mar- j^V^fTOff
ket Btreet (cleva- - VO .*§*&&/#>
tor entrance). Ban ySoVl!S«^AS»>
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES,
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mails!
on Application.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIQ IRON, •
I T WII SflV * f ft > oe Battery Streat.
J- v- IT ULOvll d WU- » Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CMITH Eh 'P Plumbing. Steamboat and
W« IT- ? Jill 1 tli Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CD. &T t iI a SSS L iJf t
______ __»
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front St., S. K. Phone Main 171S.
LUBRICATING OILS, BNSION & McGUF-
FICK, 23 Spear st., S. F. TeI. Main 5320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
MEN'S WHITB DRESS SHIRTS for 40c,
worth $1; Ladies' and Children's Hose Ec a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods -Store, 105 Fifth st.
PRINTING.
F T HITfiHFS PRINTER.
L» l» llUUllCjt eilSansome st.. S. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS. *
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., •
23 First S,trcet, San Francisco.
/:;.; ,-:'.¦ ¦¦-:: ¦• • . • - .- .
i ' : t. :';'st:* \:r ¦¦¦'-..'¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONDAY.
| §8 «Tr/ 1 ' depends upon what you want in a soap.
r^pllf If you require simply a dirt remover, almost
<l|jj§|r any soap will do. But if you care at all about
j^g t k e th^g which is to be washed, you must
think twice before you act. Any soap will clean linens
and muslins, but Ivory Soap leaves them as white as
snow. Any soap will clean sheets and table cloths, but
Ivory Soap leaves no coarse, strong odor. Try it once !
IT FLOATS.
MPffliSNT tIM (T THE MOCTEft * «AalU CO. CIKIIIIUTI
MATINEE~~TO-D/W r .
TO-NIGHT and 11111111"^
ALL. NEXT WEEK, S I 111 1 I LJ U
CHARLES 1 I I 1 I 1 I I 1 1
FROHMAVS U 1 1 U LI 11
COLOSSAL.
PRODUCTION. ¦«!
By Arrarwrement ¦with '" Sm
DAVID BELASCO,
Paul M. Potter's £g&rt
S-Act Drama on """*
Oulda's Famous Novel. TIT I fA r\
Over 100 People, ¦ ¦ 1 H I I I I
Including 14 8 11 I V
BLAKCHE BATES P llfl ITll
as "CIGARETTE." A JLJX1UK/
MATINEE JO-DAY, SATURDAY. JULY 6.
Parquet. S5c, Any Seat: Balcony. 10o; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part Except Reserved.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
CLAYTON WHITB AND MARIE STUART.
PROSPER TROUPE. BIMM. BOMM. BRRR.
P. RICHARDS. LA MOYNE BROTHERS.
1NA ALLEN. GARDNER AND VIN-
CENT. THE BIOQRAPH. EM'.LY LYT-
TON. CHAS, BOWSER & CO.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"THE ONLY WAY."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY Presents
William Gillette's War Drama,
"SECRET SERVICE"
Greatest Military Play Ever 'Written.
Another Great Cast, including T. Daniel
Frawley, Mary Van Buren, B. J. Morgan and
Theodore RoberU.
Same Popular Prices— 10c, 13c, 83c, 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seata All Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW (Sun.)
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW EVG.
Special Engagement or the Great Favorite,
JAMES Mi BROPHY.
Superb Production of Frank Mayo's Great Play
Davy Crockett.
PftlfFC Even!nf?s.........lOc, 13c. 25c. 83c. 50c
I ft ItLJ Matinees .". 10c. 15c. 25c
- Next Monday— JAMES M. BROPHY. In
William Gillette 1 8 Great War Play, . -
"HELD BY THE ENEMY."
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELES ys_SAN FfiANCISCO.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AJT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS
SAPHO.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
NEXT MONDAY—
FLORENCE ROBERTS
FIRST # TIME AS I*ADT TEAZLE D» *
THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL.
Seats on. Sato Six Days in Advance.
-__ : '
Evenlno at 8. Matinee Saturday at Z.
•'IT HAS CAUGHT ON BIG." i
Th» New Midsummer Extravaganza,
THE BABES
th" WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman.
Filled with the latest «onn and JoSea.
Popular Prices :3c and 80a
Telephone— Bush 9.
CHUTES^ ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
specialTo-night,
CHAMPIONSHIP '
CAKEWALK
FOR STATE CHAMPIONSHIP MEDALS.
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Telephone for Scats. Park 23.
FTCfilIl?R>C CONCERT HOUSi.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. O. S. WANRELL.
Anita Fallon, Graham and Grevllle Co., Al
Hazard. Ingham. 'Viola Vignette. Murphy and
Hart.
Reserved Seats. 23c Matinee Sunday. »
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. in. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including: Admission. 25c Children Yic.
»»PALACE HOTEL r
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotel* en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and uaequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
»»GRAND HOTEL**
Weekly Gail, $1 per YearPACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP ALGOA. WHICH MAY PROVE TO BE THE FIRST SHIP OF A DIRECT*
LINE TO MANILA. SHE IS NOW LOADING FOR THE PHILIPPINES. AND WILL -GO TO SEATTLE TO
TAKE ON GOVERNMENT SUPPLIES. .•
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The. high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
MOVILLE— Sailed July 5— Stmr Corinthian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal; 8tmr Furnes
sia, from Glasgow, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed July 5— Stmr Maas
dam, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed* July 5— Stmr Manltou, for
New York: etmr Brazilian, for Montreal.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 6— Stmr Belgian
Kin?, from Hongkong, for San Diego and San
Francisco.
QtTEENSTOWN— Arrived July 5— Stmr Lu
canla, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed July 5— Stmr New England, from Liv
erpool, for Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 5— Stmr Georgic,
for New York.
HAVRE — Arrived July 5— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York. • » . ,
AUCKLAND, N Z— Sailed July 5— Stmr Marl
posa,' from Sydney, NSW, for Apia, Honolulu
and San Francisco.
VALPARAISO- Sailed July 3— Br shin Celtic
Chief, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed July 4 — Jep stmr
America Mara, for San Francisco.
AC APULCO— Sailed July 3— Br «tmr Are
quipa. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
' NEW YORK— Arrived July 5— Stmr Koenlgen
Louise, from Bremen.
Sailed July S — Stmr Georgia, for Genoa, via
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 3— Br Etmr Gae
lic, hence June 14.
DUBLIN— Arrived July 3— Br ship Crdwn ; of
England, hence Feb 2L i
FALMOUTH- Arrived July t— Br bark Blalr
hoyle. from Astoria. '
HAMBURG — Arrived July 4— Ger ship Carl.
Schnauer, for Honolulu.
POINT LOBOS> July 5. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity .8 miles per hour. -
DOMESTIC PORTS,
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 6— Stmr Sequoia,
hence July S. i
Sailed July 5-^Stmr Luella, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 4— Stmr Arcata,
hence July 1.
Sailed July 5— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 5— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence July 3, for Seattle; stmr Iaqua,
hence July 4.
Sailed July 5— Schr Ida McKay, for San
Francisco, .
TACOMA— Arrived July 5— Bark Tidal Wave,
from Port Los Angeles; stmr Proereao, hence
June 28; stmr Matteawan. hence July 1; stmr
Kintuck. from Nagasaki. ?
Sailed July 5-Stmr Walla "Walla, for Ever-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July S— Schr Comet,
from Tacoma. July 4— Schr Emma Utter, from
Coos Bay. •¦
Sailed July 3— Schr Zampa, for Klawack.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 6— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skaznay.
WESTPORT— Arrived July 5— Stmr Cella,
hence July 4.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 3-Schr Ida
TELEGRAPHIC*
June 15, lat 15 N, Ion 26 W— Br shlD Glen
calrd, from Shields, for San Francisco.
Juno 21, lat 37 N, Ion 3 W— Ital ship Nar
cissus, from Genoa, for San Francisco*
SAILED,
Friday, July S.
I3ktn Northwest, Gove, Port Townsend.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Schr J G Wall, Anderson, Eureka.
Schr S Danielson, Hanaen, Sluslaw River*
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Greenwoods
Stmr Gipsy v Smith. Santa Cruz.
Schr SacramentOv Gruggel, Sluslaw River.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, Port Harford.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Laraen, .
Stmr WestDort. Ericsson, Bear Harbor*
Stmr Mandalay* Reed, Coquille River*
• SPOKEN.
Br ship Monkbarns, Neely, Queenstown; Ep
pineer & C<y.
Br shlD Sierra Estrella, Farmer. Queens
town; Balfour* Guthrie & Co. ¦ .
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox; ft
Petitions In insolvency were filed yas
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: William M. McMurry, horse
man, liabilities $5594, assets $1950: Harold
J. Muir, merchant, San Francisco, liabil
ities $5601 15, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Johanna McCarthy's Disgrace.
Mrs. Johanna McCarthy, who lives on
Cortland avenue, was arrested by Police
men Nolan and Archer on charges of be
ing drunk and carrying a concealed
weapon. She had a revolver and was ter
rorizing the neighbors. When the case
was called in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday-a petition was handed the Judge
signed by ninety-six residents on Bernal
Heights asking him to look thoroughly
into the matter, as Mrs. McCarthy was a
standing disgrace to the neighborhood.
The Judge continued the case till Mon
day.
City Limits.
The Suservisors Fire Committee recom
mended for passage yesterday the ordi
nance submitted by Fire Marshal Towe
regulating and controlling the speed of au
tomobiles and the storage of gasoline in
connection with such machines. The or
dinance fixes the rate at ten miles an
hour outside the fire limits and eight miles
within the limits. It also provides that
the Fire Marshal shall prescribe the con
ditions governing the storage of gasoline
or petroleum used to operate the ma
chines.
Chauffeurs Will Be Allowed to Go
Eight Miles an Hour Within
SPEED OP AUTOMOBILES
WHL BE RESTRICTED
Daniel T. Murphy must leave society's
favored circle at Burlingame for a day
at least and journey to this city in an
swer to an. order issued yesterday by
Judge Dunne. In the order Mr. Murphy
is directed to appear in court, for exam
ination as to the financial standing of his
brother, Bertram Samuel Joseph Flnni
stone O'Neill Murphy, and to answer the
allegation that he has in his possession
property belonging to his brother, which,
Mrs. Nora Helen Gertrude Flnnistone
O'Neill Murphy holds, should be given to
her to apply on the alimony judgment she
holds against B. S. J. F. O'N. Murphy.
Mrs. Murphy obtained an alimony judg
ment against B. S. J. F. O'N. Murphy in
the courts of England. A few weeks ago
the same was renewed by Superior Judge
Graham In this city, the amount of the
judgment being- $7055.. As the judgment
debtor failed to appear and satisfy the
judgment, airs. Murphy began to cast
around in search of his property. She ar
rived at the conclusion a few days ago
that Daniel T. Murphy was the present
custodian ¦ of his brother's valuables, and
upon the affidavit of her attorney to this
effect the order of examination was is
sued.
CITES DANIEL T. MUEPHY
ON ORDER OF EXAMINATION
Brother's Wife Believes He Has Val
uables Which. Should Apply on
, Her Alimony Judgment.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
July 5, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C- G, CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are grlven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
Klven by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
! Su Shih Chin, a proscribed enemy of the
Dowager Empress of China, was admitted
to this country yesterday by order of the
Secretary of. the Treasury, which reached
the office of Customs Collector Stratton
yesterday by telegraph. Chin was at large
on bonds pending the hearing of his peti
tion on habeas corpus in the United
States District Court. The bonds have
been declared exonerated, and the habeas
corpus proceedings will be dismissed.
It is understood that Su will remain in
this city for some time, collecting funds
from Chinese patriots to assist the pend
ing revolution In favor of the restoration
of the deposed Emperor Kwang Hsu. Re
former Su will argue the cause of the Em
peror in the columns of the Chinese
World, a dally paper published on Dupont
street In the. interest of the revolution.
He is a college graduate, being a Bachelor
of Arts from the Peking University. Min
ister Wu Ting Fang at Washington
and his nephew, Consul General Ho
Yow, at this port, protested against the
landing of the revolutionist and alleged
that he had secured his passport from a
taotai at Shanghai by false representa
tions, and that if the taotai had known
Chin's character and identity he would
not have issued the passport.
The Secretary of the Treasury decided
that this Government could not debar
Chinese Immigrants of the favored classes
because of political offenses. ,
Reason Why He Should Be
Debarred.
SU SHIH CHTKT IS
ALLOWED TO LAND
Secretary of the Treasury Sees No
The deceased was 24 years of age. A
brother resides in this city and the rest
of the family near St. Helena. It has been
said that the young man was despondent
over a disappointment In love, but the
men who worked with him for the City
Street Improvement Company say this 13
not true. They seem to think that young
Juarez was mentally unbalanced when he
went to his death.
The father of the deceased is a prosper
ous rancher in Napa County. The young
man came to the city two years ago, and
in December, 1899, went to work for the
City Street Improvement Company and
continued In its employ until June 26 last.
He was then taken sick and became very
melancholy. He feared that he had lost
his position, and the letter he threw on
the deck of the Piedmont was an answer
to one from him asking if he might return
to work.
The Piedmont passed right over the
body .and one of the paddles must have
struck it, for when it came up astern
mere v/a^ no motion. A boat was lowered,
but before it could reach the spot the body
went down. Nothing save tne hat was
recovered from the suicide. The letter
thrown on the deck was addressed to Wil
liam Juarez and was signed by the super
intendent of the City Street Improvement
Company. It showed that the deceased
had left the company's employ because of
ill health, that his standing with the con
cern was very high and that he could re
turn to work at any time.
The Piedmont left the Oakland slip at
12:25 p. m., and a number of people noticed
a young man pacing the forward deck in
a very excited manner. He was talking
to himself and gesticulating, but no one
thought anything of it. Suddenly . he
waved his arms and saying something in
Spanish rushed through the crowd of peo
ple who were watching him. He got un
der the chain that prevents passengers
¦ from going too far forward, and then
pausing long enough to throw a letter on
the deck he plunged into the bay.
A young man named William Juarez
jumped from the lower deck of the ferry
boat Piedmont yesterday, and although
every effort was made to save him he
sank before help came.
Very Despondent.
He Takes His Own Life
While He Is Sick and
William Juarez Jumps
From Lower Deck of
Piedmont.
FENDS RELEASE s
FROM ILLNESS
$33 first class round trip, including
sleeper. 310 Safe Deposit building. Tel.
Main 6803. •
Go to Seattle To-ITight.
C. C. Crowley, chief cf staff of the
Southern Pacific detective bureau, met
with a painful accident yesterday while
cleaning Ms revolver. The weapon, a 44
caliber Colt's, was accidentally discharged
and the bullet plowed through his left
hand, badly shattering the index and sec
ond fingers. Crowley was taken to the
Railway Hospital, where the injured fin
gers were amputated.
Detective Crowley Accidentally Shot.
We can give you the newest sizes 'and
most fashionable finishes In writing
paper. "Peau d'Antelope," "Carrara
Marmor" and "Linen Lawn" are the best
novelites out. We also make monogram
dies, and Etamo paper. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
Do You "Write Things"?
Michael McCue while riding In a deliv
ery wagon on Twentieth street was
knocked out of his wagon at the crossing
of Guerrero street yesterday by a trolley
car of the San Francisco and San Mateo
electric line. He was removed to his res
idence at 36 Dehon street, where he was
attended by his family physician. The ex
tent of his Injuries is not known, but it is
feared that he sustained a fracture of the
ekulL
To-Day's News Letter.
Betsy Bird, always interesting, is more
than usually so in to-day's News Letter,
telling some hitherto unrevealed chapters
in the history of a prominent family. It
is the story of a mesalliance that turned
out happily despite predictions to the con
trary. The Looker-On has a lot of enter
taining stories about well known people,
and the Town Crier lashes evil doera in
a vigorous fashion. "Ella Wilier Wheel
cox" deals out sympathy and good advice
In an entertaining manner. Robert Mc-
Tavish, who is making a reputation by
his street stories, has an unusually good
column- The latest fads in fashion are
set forth by Mrs. Chauncey de Wit. The
editorial, financial and insurance columns
are up to their usual high standard, and
there is more than '.ho ordinary amount
of bright; snappy v- ¦*. •
Struck by a .. volley Car.
Miss Cornelia Little Returns.
Miss Cornelia M. Little, the well-known
contralto, is back in Son Francisco on a
visit to her relatives. She expects to re
main about two months, or until the re
turn of the steamship Sonoma. Chief En
gineer A, D. Little of the mail boat is
her father. Miss Little is leading con
tralto cf the Unitarian Church, Boston,
and before she started for home Mrs.
William J. Ladd. one of the leading mem
bers of the congregation, opened her
house for a recital by the young slnser.
Miss Little wat- assisted by Miss Carolyn
Belcher, violinist, and Miss Gertrude
Belcher of Boston, and the affair was a
genuine success. Of Miss Little's singing
the Boston Transcript said: "Not every
day in the week does one hear a true con
tralto voice with deep tones, not gruff,
but warm and rich. Miss Little possesses
such a voice and uses it welL"
Judg-e Dunne Appoints Guardians for
Person and Estate of Aged
Boswell Lee.
After sixty-four years of fruitless toil
Roswell Lee, formerly an accountant in
the Occidental Hotel, has come into pos
session of a small fortune, but owing to
his weakened mind a guardian must man
age his properties during the few years
of life that remain to him. Judg-e Dunne
yesterday gTanted petitions for letters of
guardianship upon his person and estate
after listening to a statement made by
General W. H. L. Barnes, who was a boy
with the aged ward in Springfield, Mass.
"Roswell Lee came here sixteen years
ago from the home of our boyhood," said
General Barnes. "He came consigned to
me and I paid the freight and since then
most of the storage. He was formerly an
accountant in the Occidental Hotel, but he
never prospered. He is now in the first
stages of paresis, due to excessive dissi
pation of all kinds. He is now ill and has
not long to live.
"Not long ago he fell heir to $18,000. I
have invested some of this money for
him, the rest he has divested himself of.
iie new lives at California and Polk
fc..eets. where he Is' under the care of a
physician.
"His family was well known throughout
the East. It is an old New England fam
ily and can trace its history back to the
time of the Mayflower. But his family
relations aided him but little, save that
now he has inherited this money, which
he is too old and feeble to enjoy, but
which will keep him from want in his
declining years."
Judge Dunne appointed "William E.
Ivovejoy guardian of Lee's person and the
Union Trust Company guardian of his es
tate. ¦¦'-
INHEEITS WEALTH WHEN
TOO OLD TO ENJOY IT
CLEARED.
- Friday, July 8,
Stmr Eanta Rosa. Alexander, Ean Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co,
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 5,
Etmr Ean Pedro, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka. • . /
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, 76 hour* 1 from
Newport and way ports.
Shipping Intelligence.
The British ship Monkbarns cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 69,127 ctls
wheat, valued at $71,725, "and 17.000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $255.
Wheat Shipment.
Th* Albert will load merchandise for Hono
lulu; the Abner Coburn, lumber at Everett
for Cace Town, 72s 6d, chartered prior to ar
rival. - .-,~y.
Merchandise for British. Columbia.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
British Columbia with a. general cargo, valued
and manifested up to 3 p. m. at $7840. The
principal shipments reported were:
1856 pkes fruit and vegetables, 67 elcs onions,
724 eks potatoes, 6 cs hardware, 6 pkgs sewing
machines, 10 cs canned goods, 48 bxs ratslns,
12 cs honey, 4 pkg-s machinery, 4800 lbs dried
fruit, 19 cs liquors, 43 pigs tin, 15 cs 206 eals
wine, 3 bales dry roods, 1000 lbs sugar, 6
pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 cs whisky,
9180 lbs malt, 6 cyls gas, 2 cs arms and
ammunition.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Two mail steamships sail to-day. The
Tucapel will get away at noon for Central
and South American ports, and the Sierra
at 2 p. m. for Honolulu. Among the Sier
ra's passengers will be Alex B. Watson,
for years with Captain John Metcalf,
Lloyd's surveyor. Mr. Watson is going
into business for himself in the islands,
and his hundred-and-one friends here
wish him success.
The Umatllla did not get away until
noon yesterday. She was detained by the
rush of fruit for Puget Sound.,
The transport Thomas goes on the dry
dock to-day.
There were only two arrivals up to 5 p.
m. yesterday. They were the steamers
San Pedro and Coos Bay. The latter ves
sel was expected the day before, but was
delayed at Port Harford owing to a leak
In the boilers.
John D. Spreckels & Bros. Co. have pe
titioned the Treasury Department to
change the name of the barkentine J. C.
Pflueger to that of Coronado.
"Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mail Company is trying a
new experiment, and should It prove suc
cessful a new line to Manila will result
The Government guarantees to send a cer
tain percentage of its supplies for the
soldiers In the Philippines by a private
line, so the Man Company has put the Al
goa on the route to see how It will work.
Yesterday a load of lumber and railroad
ties was being put aboard from the steam
er W. H. Kruger, while merchandise was
being loaded into her hold from the wharf.
After taking aboard all the freight she
can get here the Algoa will go to Puget
Sound and there load hay and grain for
the Government. Should the venture
prove a. success the Mail Company will
put a regular steamship on between here
and Manila. It Is expected that the Algoa
will sail with about 8000 tons of freight.
Pacific Mail Experiment.
t-Tf-=aHE "Rio "Wrecking Company" Is
I making preparations for salving
I . the cargo of the sunken steamship.
it Captain John Ross is confident
that he has the hull located, and
will begin work as soon as he can perfect
arrangements. He has chartered the gas
oline schooner Bessie K, purchased the
interests of the insurance companies in
the tin which composed part of the cargo
and secured a lien on other valuable mer
chandise in the hull, and just as soon as
the diving outfits can be procured and the
tides suit the work will begin.
Associated with Captain Ross in the
venture Is Madame Young, the spiritual
ist. Captain Plummer. who died years
ago, was Madame Young's father, and his
spirit is supposed to have pointed out
where the wreck lay. Gould, the oil
broker, is also financially interested, and
then there is J. J. Sullivan, Tom Olsen
and James McLaughlin. - These people are
confident that they have located the
wreck and that a fortune awaits them,
but then Wrecker Whitelaw says he also
has located the wreck, and that it is an
altogether different position than where
Ross places It.
Not a Suicide.
The harbor police are investigating what
has the appearance of a suicide. Yester
day a hat and coat were found on Beale
street wharf. When the coat was searched
a poll tax rec2ipt and an order for the
payment of $35 was found in the inside
pocket. Both were In the name of P.
Cavanaugh. The order was on the Stand
ard Electric Company, and showed that
Cavanaugh had been working for that
concern at Amador.
The natural Inference was that Cava
naugh had committed suicide, but an In
quiry at the Standard works showed that
he had been there and stopped payment
of the order, stating that it and some
other papers had been stolen from him.
Detectives Egan and Ellis were detailed
on the case, and they soon discovered
that Cavanaush had gone to the water
front to cool off. He sat down on a
stringier and took off his coat and hat.
When he had rested he walked home,
leaving both articles behind him.
The Hayden Printing: Cojnpany has ad
dressed a letter to the Mayor in reference
to the furnishing of books to the various
departments of the city and county gov
ernment for the fiscal year. In which it Is
alleged that a combination was formed
to get the J>ook work. The letters avers
that: "Our belief Is based upon certain
happenings of which we have positive
knowledge. When we offered our bids we
were not aware of the existence of this
combination, and the fact that our bids
were on the whole about 33 1-3 per cent
lower than those made by others showed
pood faith on our part. After the Lids
were opened special inducements were of
fered us to withdraw our bids for books.
To this we gave an unqualified refusal."
The bids of the Hayden Printing Com
pany were thrown out after the contract
to the Hayden Company had been adver
tised, the company being the lowest bid
der. This has also found place in the let
ter to the Mayer, v.ho is asked to inter
pose to "secure a prompt and full recon
sideration in the interest of good faiih
and fair play in municipal affairs."
The letter to the Mayor is rather splcv
In places. One paragraph Is as follows:
"We contend that the offer of a written
guarantee that was presented to the hon
orable Board of Supervisors to supply the
city and county with the goods in ques
tion (books) at a saving- of $3000. if all
bids should be thrown out, is not made in
good faith. In the first place it is irregu
lar, which is of importance in this con
sideration. It was not accompanied by
any bond or other security which would
make it binding."
Bad faith is also alleged in one para
graph:
"As to the bad faith Involved in the of
fer, we have to say that it is evident to
us. If Phillips & Smythe were sincere
why d!d they not submit a bid in the reg
ular way, at the proper time, with this
difference in their prices? One year ago
they, being solely printers in the same
sense as our firm, bid on the items in the
book schedule. They were awarded the
contract for some seventy items. The con
ditions attending th« bidding were the
same as those of the present vear. If
printers could bid for the books in 1900
and get the contract without protest,
what has happened that makes the ac
ceptance of .bids from printers illegal in
15C1? Surely Phillips & Smythe cannot
claim that they thought that they were
not entirred to bid."
The knowledge that the Mayor has been
asked to act has stirred up a great deal of
interest among the bookbinders and print
'ers. Bids are now being prepared to sub
mit to the Supervisors in place of . the
bids rejected.
Offer of Inducements for
"Withdrawing Bids Is
Alleged.
Hayden Printing Com
pany Addresses the
Mayor.
GUI COMBINE
AMONG BIDDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
Confident That the Spirits Have Located the Wreck of Lost Mail
Boat, the Company Is Purchasing the Insurance Risks on
Cargo and Has Chartered a Vessel to Commence Work
RIO WRECKING COMPANY IS BUYING
INTERESTS OF THE UNDERWRITERS
8
FROM SEATTLE.
"." Steamer, Destination. Sails.
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July " 6
J. S. Klmball.. Nome & Teller City.... July 6
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon.. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 7
Queen , Skaguay &*Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Bertha ..... Valdez & Way Ports... July 10
Portland Nome & St. -Michael.... July 10
Cottage City*.. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian — ... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
S (earner,
( Steamer. ' From.
Noyo Cayucos '....
Rival Willapa Harbor
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
Eureka '.. Humboldt .-
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Milton Nanalmo '. |
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Ports
Corona San Diego :
Progreso Tacoma
Empire Coos Bay
Newburg Grays Harbor
Luella San Diego
Pomona Humboldt
Leclanaw N. T. "rta Panama
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan
Columbia: Portland and Astoria..
Matteawan..... Tacoma
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
Acme Siuslaw River
Despatch San Pedro
Newport Panama & Way Ports.
Conc-maugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
Mackinaw Seattle :
Santa Rosa — San Diego
Coos Bay..."... Newport
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Crescent City.. Crescent City
From.
July 6
July 6
July 6
July 6
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 8
July 8
July 8
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 11
July 11
July 11
|July 11
Due.
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
I Pier.
July G.
Noyo Humboldt
W. Kruger... TlUamook Bay ....
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Pomona.'...... Humboldt
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way
Coos Bay Newport ..
Sierra Honolulu
.Ally 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
North Fork.. Humboldt
Santa Rosa.. San Diego
July 8.-
Banta Barb... Humboldt
Arcata Coos Bay
Point Arena.. Point Arena
San Jose Panama & Way...
Rival Willapa Harbor ..
July 9.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay :
Ammon Hamburg & Way..
Dorio China and Japan..
Eureka...:... Humboldt
Uonlta San Pedro
July 1O.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
St. Paul. Nome & St Michael
City of Puebl Puget Bound Ports
Corona San Diego .........
July 11.
Newburg Grays Harbor .....
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts.
12 m
5,pm
5 pm
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
2 pm
10 am
11 am
9 am
9 am
10 am
4 pm
2 pm
12 ; m
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
5th St.
10 am
6 pm
12 m
1 pm
9 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
9 am
I . l
Pier 10
Pier 8
Pier 34
Pier 9
Pier 11
I...--
5 pm!
2 pm r
Pier 2
|Pier 7
SATURDAY, JULY 6.
Sun rises ...¦...................'....
Sun B«ts ¦
Moon rises .10:18
..4:53
.7:35
)> m.
i
Time Time Timel Time
Date Ft. Ft. i Ft.
H W L. W H Wj L. W
6 ... 1:55 5.1 8:19 0.3 3:22 5.3 9-04
7 .. 3:00 4.6 9:04 0.8 4:01 5.4 10:10
8 .. -4:11 4.3 9:56 1.4 4:44 5.6 11:14
9 ... 5:30 4. O[ 10:48 1.8J 5:34 5.S
L. "\V H W |Li \V H W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 3.9 11:46 2.3 6:23
11 ... 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.3 12:46 2.6 7:16
12... 2:26—0-4 9:23 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:09
Ft.
2.1
1.7
1.2
6.0
6.2
6.4
FROM SEATTLE.
"." Steamer, Destination. Sails.
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July " 6
J. S. Klmball.. Nome & Teller City.... July 6
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon.. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 7
Queen , Skaguay &*Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Bertha ..... Valdez & Way Ports... July 10
Portland Nome & St. -Michael.... July 10
Cottage City*.. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian — ... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
S (earner,
( Steamer. ' From.
Noyo Cayucos '....
Rival Willapa Harbor
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
Eureka '.. Humboldt .-
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Milton Nanalmo '. |
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Ports
Corona San Diego :
Progreso Tacoma
Empire Coos Bay
Newburg Grays Harbor
Luella San Diego
Pomona Humboldt
Leclanaw N. T. "rta Panama
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan
Columbia: Portland and Astoria..
Matteawan..... Tacoma
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
Acme Siuslaw River
Despatch San Pedro
Newport Panama & Way Ports.
Conc-maugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
Mackinaw Seattle :
Santa Rosa — San Diego
Coos Bay..."... Newport
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Crescent City.. Crescent City
From.
July 6
July 6
July 6
July 6
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 8
July 8
July 8
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 11
July 11
July 11
|July 11
Due.
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
I Pier.
July G.
Noyo Humboldt
W. Kruger... TlUamook Bay ....
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Pomona.'...... Humboldt
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way
Coos Bay Newport ..
Sierra Honolulu
.Ally 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
North Fork.. Humboldt
Santa Rosa.. San Diego
July 8.-
Banta Barb... Humboldt
Arcata Coos Bay
Point Arena.. Point Arena
San Jose Panama & Way...
Rival Willapa Harbor ..
July 9.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay :
Ammon Hamburg & Way..
Dorio China and Japan..
Eureka...:... Humboldt
Uonlta San Pedro
July 1O.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
St. Paul. Nome & St Michael
City of Puebl Puget Bound Ports
Corona San Diego .........
July 11.
Newburg Grays Harbor .....
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts.
12 m
5,pm
5 pm
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
2 pm
10 am
11 am
9 am
9 am
10 am
4 pm
2 pm
12 ; m
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
5th St.
10 am
6 pm
12 m
1 pm
9 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
9 am
I . l
Pier 10
Pier 8
Pier 34
Pier 9
Pier 11
I...--
5 pm!
2 pm r
Pier 2
|Pier 7
SATURDAY, JULY 6.
Sun rises ...¦...................'....
Sun B«ts ¦
Moon rises .10:18
..4:53
.7:35
)> m.
i
Time Time Timel Time
Date Ft. Ft. i Ft.
H W L. W H Wj L. W
6 ... 1:55 5.1 8:19 0.3 3:22 5.3 9-04
7 .. 3:00 4.6 9:04 0.8 4:01 5.4 10:10
8 .. -4:11 4.3 9:56 1.4 4:44 5.6 11:14
9 ... 5:30 4. O[ 10:48 1.8J 5:34 5.S
L. "\V H W |Li \V H W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 3.9 11:46 2.3 6:23
11 ... 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.3 12:46 2.6 7:16
12... 2:26—0-4 9:23 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:09
Ft.
2.1
1.7
1.2
6.0
6.2
6.4
The. housewife wants
TiGPRUNE-nothmg' else will do
The full,, delicious flavor of FIGPRUNE is
a revelation to cereal coffee drinkers.^ Only
those who have tried it, can appre6iate* the
purity and delightful blend of riGPRUNE,
CEREAL.
It is made from choice figs and prunes and
selected grains— scientifically blended.
Examine package carefully— make sure you
get the genuine article.
j^J Brews quickly.
/5t/o \ Children enjoy it.
I 11 ** | Boil from 5 to 1O minutes only
\ 4u/o I - A LL GROCERS SELL
Figprune Cereal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&*~^£*6
Tcry small and as easy \
to take as sugar.
SFF lnADTr^cl F0BHEADACHE * SEE
bhL CARTERS FOR DIIZINESS.
ISlSlTTLE FOR BIUOUSHESS. ncMfiiMP
GENUINE I urR for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PI 1 8 q FOR CONSTIPATION.
U/DADDCD I "ra FOR SALLOW SXIM. WRAPPER
WRAPPER $$*eM [for the complexion « ttArrnn
GXSZTOXNIS MU»MAV«ajpHATURC.
2S P cSts 1 Pnnftr VegetaDle./6%swg5^£
ON THE FOURTH
You'll want your linen In the best possible
shape. Compare our •work •with that of
any other laundry and judge for yourself
If we don't put It In that condition. By
careful handling we make your linen long
lived. We put a smooth velvet edge on all
collars; we wash everything that's wash-
able. . ¦ •
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Straat
Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av*.
x"-^N. STRICTLY RELIABLE. •
f w MEN
ONLY!
«WSr R T FAR THE
y V'SlSiK ¦¦¦* greater number of
st V patients seeking relief
*yflj \2ts>&!7 J w\ iOT oo-called weakneai
ILy yr&rwlt \2f aro Btrong. robust men In
>~? \ \t 7 // 'C' every other respect. Our
\v \ ffik// 7} thaory that Loss of Vital-
\\ \J» 7/ // Jt y Prematurenesa, etc.,
are not weakneases, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland :
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading- specialists of the
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged and
swollen Prostate. Immediate results, as Indi-
cated by Increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of
the organs, which we send fre« on application.,
is Interesting to any one wishing to study th»
anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOFT & CO., 997 Market St.
Oiri™ nnuif Co.rner Fourth and
I Arr nlllili " a r rk special ' Brew^
unlL nUlHL steani and ******
VI IS la IJUIIll*^ Overcoats and
" valises checked frea.
T3il» Great Train H
AMD ran* but brie* |
ptr week during H
THURSD&Y -T-
I lowing «*•»«.
THE It arrives In |
Chicago at 2.15
UUF0BII1 z'JST
LIKiIIlU Its h!0k standard 1
of service Is a
ON f u ijy maintained, j
•UlTlfE. I
gm CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal,
1 — <*£T"V Original Bad Only Bwlna
pAJP&k. te CHldHESTEli'S KtfGLJSH
f^y^KFA la UED * ai 6oU n««*2k boxei. K*i*4
*C\ —^H3j73wltlil>h»iU>bQti. T»ie»»otier. iutatm
Vt\ 9* *Xi I>»«SU«M 8uh«tltmt*«« «-J Lailt*.
\~ I , - Cf U«»- Buy of jonr Bnmlii, or hbi» 4o. h
I W' Jg «uh for Pmrtioalar*. Testimonial*
l», fp «nd •• Relief for LkJIm.' b M>r, b/ n>
m \ v V tinVill. lO,0«OT»tlnoaial*. Sold by
x — ***¦# anDnffina. ChiehesUr Cfc«mlc*l Co-
U ration thla pap«r. MkIIms Square, PBilJU JPA.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop th» Caps of Gonorrhoea. GI«*ts.
Strictures and analoitous complaint*
of the Organs off Generation.
Price U * bottle. For sale by drassiata.
(1 1)
Jfc^aao market sr.sj.VSSr
UNITED STAGES BRANCH. STATEMENT
STATEMENT' — ° p THE —
_of thk— CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS -° F THE -
k*rhm~*nd- H ano ver Fire
Advliwil dllli INSURANCE COMPANY
-B H* • 4 Wy • O F NEW YORK. In the State of New York.
(1/1 M^^m4 jm L« I .j^ji. V* the 31st day of December. A. D. 19C0, and
IWa HlHllPn iPlI h* for the y ear «n dln S on that day, as made to
IiiBhBiLjHjI I S L the Insurance Commissioner of the Stats of
X1JI QHULUfl V** M. 11. W California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 811 of the Political Code, con-
• INSURANCE COMPANY Sfiss&e" p€rblank furalshed ** *• com.
CAPITAL.
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany, on the Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
31st day of December. A. D. 1900. and for Cash - H.000,000 09
the year ending? on that day, as made to the ASSETS ==
insurance Commissioner of the SUte of Call- Company W3O.00O M
fornta pursuant to the Provisions of Sections ZjO&na on g^, and Mortga g e9 3>5C0 M
610 and 611 of the Polltldal Code, condensed as cash Market Value of all Stocks and
ner blank furnished by the Commissioner. Bonds owned by Company 2,251.578 75
.-cirn-c Cash In Company's Office 53.978 7*
ASSETS. Cash la Banks 83.099 57
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and Interest due and accrued on all
Casn MarKet va. _ „„ ,_ „ Stocks and Loans 15,872 SO
Bonds owned by Company J7 41. 3Z7 50 Interest due and accrue d O n Bonds
Cash in Company a Office 40 OS and Mortffages 14 $3
Cash In Banks 75,343 66 Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Interest due and accrued on alt tlon - -- t.... 240.077 40
it ji,,,,, 9-v> no Rents due and accrued 1.443 33
Stocks and Loans V"^",*;"' Due from other Companies for re-
Premiums in due course of Collec- insurance on losses already paid.... 8,940 83
tlon • 95,700 47 ¦
Total Assets J3.1CS.305 70
Total Asset » 913 - 533 " tjabtlittes .
LIABILITIES. Losses adjusted and unpaid H32.OT7 SS
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3.8« 03 Losses in process of Adjustment or
Losses in process of Adjustment or J^» U KS!eV"tadudta»"«£S££::.- SjS S
in Suspense 45,540 83 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 4.640 99 nin« one year or- less. $1,227,925 62;
Oross premiums on Fire Risks run- reinsurance 50 per cent. «lJ,9e2 St
Gross preui Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less $482.433 25, _ nlng more than one year. H.293.-
re-insurance o0 per cent za.zis 63 izi 76 . reinsurance pro rata 714 S73 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- All other Liabilities ; 61.36a 40
nine- more than one year, J230.S23 74; ¦
"Stance pro rata 126.536 82 Total Liabilities 41,622,843 40
All other liabilities 16.029 26 INCOME. " ""
. ¦, , v. !..!„. ,,_ .,. „ Net eaah actually received for Fire
Total Liabilities $437.815 55 premiums 8.720.597 2t
¦nvTi^nvnr " Received for interest on Bonds and
income. Mortgages «j <*
i*r»t cash actually received for Fire Received for Interest and dividends
oremiums $542.616 61 on Bonds. Stocks. Loan* and from
Received for Interest and dividends all other sources 89,158 85
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from Received for profit on sale of »ecwrt-\
all other sources 23,553 24 ties '. 27,302 54
Received from all other sources 10.410 27 . 85.139 «0
"Total Income $578,579 12 Total Incom* $1.862.923 OS
EXPENDITURES. EXPENDITURES. ¦¦
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses Net amount paid for Firs Losses
(including $51,375 23. losses of pre- (Including $199,867 78. losses of pre-
vious years) $356,855 17 v '°«» yttLn) $1,10.813 74
Paid or allowed for Commission or Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 00
Brokerage - 106 872 87 Pald or allowed for Commission or
pST&t State. National and Local ****££;£«& e^ **» »
All other payment, and expenditures B^O 72 VxpendiiuVe^ iS^W
, Total Expenditures <m.|70 43 Total ExpenaUures .$1,931.934 23
' ' j. >; "-• v 1 -' * - ii.- m m^ mm m^_ m^__^
i ? Fire. —^
Losses incurred during the year $356.929 <9 lnmm q dartB> the year tUf^m'tO
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium.. R)gk3 anJ Premlumi . Fire Risks. Premium.:
Nit i«?n OUn «i,irin« Rl the l ¦ Net amount of Risks ~"
written during the -written during the
leT-m^nt" of "Risks »° 9 ' 521 ' 885 » 768 .3o9»5 yea r $228,988,130 $3.340,8M O
expired during the 83251155 expired during the
v- V t n monnt"Yn"'forc'e * ear ' 193.083.905 Z.M3.S» SO
fm£S? 21 1900 54 878 215 713 282 99 Net amount In force
December 31. 1900 54.878.215 713.262 39 December 31. 1300 251.501.17S 2.579,930 38
SAM R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy). CHAS. A. SHAW. President.
Manager. job McCORD. Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26ti
day of January. 1901. F. FISHBECK. flay of January. 1901.
Notary Public. . iWM. BATES. Notary Public
CESAR BERTHEAU - - Pacific Coast Manager,
• ALFRED R.GRJM* Assistant Manager,
MARTIN RASCHEN and GUS MESSIHGER, Managers City Department
Office— 423 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.WORKERS WHO ARE ARRANG
ING FOR EPWORTH LEAGUE
CONVENTION.
'LIBEL' FOR WAGES.— Charles Ross, James
Riddle, Thomas Bryan anrt' John Bhanahan of
the crew of the transport Buford filed a libel
in the United States District Court yesterday
against K. T. Martens, the master, and Noble
H. Creager,, quartermaster, .to- recover, $331 83,
balance alleged to be due on wages.
Criminals Extradited.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock has ordered the extradition of Harry
Vollars and- Eugene Stumbaugh, the first
of whom is under Indictment of a Federal
Grand Jury of Juneau, Alaska, for coun
terfeiting, and the second . of whom has
been indicted for murdering' Mike Mar
shall in Indian Territory. Vollars will be
taken to Juneau for trial, and Stura
baug-h to McAlester, Indian Territory.
As; she looks at you from a background
that makes a proper setting for her love
liness. We have the newest shapes and
materials for picture frames, more ex
quisite than ever this season. -Finishes
and styles for all tints of mattings. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
A Beauty -Smiles
The action for divorce instituted by Ella
Wood . Hancock : against Robert J. J Han
cock was called for hearing- by Judge Sea
well yesterday, but, owing to the absence
of defendant's counsel, a continuance for
three weeks was ordered. . •
Hancock Case Goes Over.
Very low season round trip tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oak
land, Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose, Stock
ton, Sacramento, Marysville, Napai Santa
Rosa and Woodland, Friday to Tuesday.
Round trips from San Franci3co only
$10 80. Literature nearest agent, or at
613 Market street. -
Lake Tahoe and Re turn r
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday confirmed the report of United
States Court Commissioner Heacock in
ordering the deportation of Dang Ah
Muey and Tsoy Sin, two of the slaves
captured In the Federal raid In Sullivan
Alley several weeks ago. Chin Mu a
laboring man. was also ordered deported
Chinese Slaves Deported.
Floor manaeer. J. L. Mosher. Floor com
mittee—Charles B. Drew, J. L. Mosher, A. S.
Pcrley. Frank Colton, Thomas Wyatt, Dr. J.
Townsend. H. A. Walte, J. F. Smith and Rob
erts Vandercook.
Reception committee— M. T. Elllnwood, C.
8. Wright, F. R. Danforth, R. R. Dunn, W.
G. Cook, W. J. Bomers, Georgre T. Shaw. Wil
liam C. Wrlg-ht, J. M. Brownell, J. A. Ferson,
Mrs. Ada. Allen Norton, Miss Lucy M. Thomi>
son, Miss Annie E. Nevers. Mrs. W. F. Tooth
aker, Mrs. William C. Halsey. Mrs. V. F.
Northrop and Mrs. J. W. Perry.
Standard Company Gets Permit.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
granted a permit to the Standard Elec
trical Distributing: Company to erect poles
In certain streets outside of the fire limits.
Under the opinion of the City Attorney
th© company is authorized to furnish elec
tricity for illuminating purposes only and
under such regulations as the board shall
provide.
Bids for th© repair of bituminous rock
pavements In various parts of the city
¦were opened, and the City Street Improve
ment being the lowest bidder will receive
the award next Monday.
Pacific Coast Association Presents a
Fine Programme at Odd Fel
lows' HalL
The monthly entertainment given by the
Pacific Coast Association. Native Sons, of
Vermont, at Odd Fellows' Hall last night
was a successful •affair. The first part of
the programme was devoted to a series of
vocal and instrumental numbers rendered
by clever amateurs. After an overture by
an orchestra Miss Marguerite Honn pre
sented some amusing specialties. Charles
E. Taylor sang: a tenor solo, which was
well received, and Miss Maud Day Caine
Bang several Felectlons. A trio, "Thou
Everywhere," by Miss Gertrude Kummer,
soprano; Miss Letitia Mordhorst, violin
obllgata, and Miss Francesca Kummer,
piano, earned a well-merited encore. Mrs.
Rule D. ; Meeks gave some readings and
the Waterman sisters were heard in coon
eongrs. Dancing concluded the evening's
entertainment, under the supervision of
the following named:
SONS OF VEEMONT GIVE
MONTHLY ENTERTAINMENT
committee, held last night in the rooms of
the- French Benevolent Society, a -pro
gramme of literary exercises for the cnle
bration of the Fall of the Bastile was ar
ranged. The committee has prepared
many interesting events for the important
day. The exercises will begin in the
Chute's Pavilion at 2 o'clock. There will
be games and an open air concert in the
afternoon, and in the evening there will
be fireworks and an all-night ball. Fol
lowing is the programme of exercises:
Overture, "Fra Diavlo"; address by
president of the day, J. S. Godeau; selec
tion, "La Muette de Portici," duet by II.
Carle and G. Gabriel ; address by honorary
president. H. Dallemagne, Consul General
of France; ."Alsace-Lorraine," trombone
solo by A. Roncovieri; fantasle by orches
tra; oration in English by Hon. J. G. Ma
guire; selection, "Star-Spangled Banner,"
by Miss Maud Williams of the Tivoll; ora
tion in French by J. M. Dupas; "Marsel
laise" by Lucia Fichter; duet, "Daughter
of the Regiment," by Miss Julie Cotte and
H. Carle; potpourri by orchestra. :
The foregoing programme will be aug
mented by the regular Chutes perform
ance.
French Residents Prepare an Excel
lent Programme for Their
Natal Day.
At a meeting of the Fourteenth of July
FALL OF BASTIXE TO BE
FITTINGLY CTELEBKATED
The bodies of Operator Sherry and
Mamie Sullivan, who were drowned while
sailing with a party of friends near Benl
cia June 25. were recovered yesterday.
Sherry's body was found near the en
trance to Vallejo harbor about two miles
from where the accident occurred. The
body of Lliss Sullivan wae discovered also
near Vallejo by some men working on the
Southern ParfSc dredger.
Coroner McDonald held an inquest, and
a verdict of accidental death was ren
dered in both cases.
Bay "Waters Give Up Their Dead.
The Republican leaders are just now fig
uring on apportionment for the primaries.
Whether to base the delegates upon the
number of votes cast for McKlnley at the
last election or upon those cast for Gage
at the election two years ago is what is
troubling them, and also whether" to have
one delegate for every one hundred votes
or one delegate for every two hundred
votes. It seems to be ihe opinion of most
of the prominent men in the party that
the convention should • not be of more
than two hundred and fifty or three hun
dred delegates, and the apportionment
will probably start with this as a basis,
in which case it will make little difference
whether it be based on the State or gen
eral election. The scheme of Kelly and
Crimmins to have one delegate for every
precinct and three at large from each d it-
virtue of his chairmanship In the parent
committee.
There was a meeting of the Republicans
of the Thirty-sixth District at the head
quarters last evening for the purpose of
effecting a temporary organization. There
were more than one hundred present. The
organization started with these tempo
rary officers: J. E. Barber, president:
Gustav Schnee, vice president: H. C.
Pearce, secretary: J. B. Mahoney, treas
urer. The president was authorized to
appoint a committee composed of one
member from each of the twenty-two pre
cincts in the district to bring the Repub
licans together and into the club.
The organization of the Thirty-sixth
was in pnnsuance of a plan to organize
at least one of the districts every night
at the headquarters. A temporary organ
ization is effected in the headquarters and
then a permanent organization is created
in the district.
PRIMARY APPORTIONMENT NOW MOST '
VEXING QUESTION FOR REPUBLICANS
trict will not go through. Such a plan
would but magnify the Kelly and Crim
mins power, for a careful Inspection
will show that their districts will bo
represented by about four times as many
delegates as the same number of voters
in other sections of the city. It is a neat
scheme but It will not go through.
Monday night the Republican County
Committee will meet and consider the
matter and the apportionment will prob
ably be fixed then.
H. P. Sonntag, chairman of the ad
visory committee of the Primary League,
has appointed the following: committee
to assist in conducting the campaign dur
ing the coming primaries. Marion Leven
trltt, Mark Sheldon, A. C. -Rulofson,
James McNab. E. \V. McCarthy, William
H. Crocker, G. H. Umbsen, Maurice
Casey, Colonel W. R. Smedberg and Emil
Bauer. H. P. Sonntag is a member by
Revenge is the doubtful pleasure of a
weak and narrow mind.
Some action will be taken at once to
stop the "barber college" evil. It is a
matter that the State Board of Barber
Examiners has until the present had no'
opportunity to investigate, but the per
sonal Investigation made yesterday by
Mr. Calish will soon result in the adop
tion of drastic measures.
The greatest evil with which the barbers of
this State have to contend, and an evil which
at one time threatened the complete demoraliz
ation of the trade, is the so-called barber
school. Minnesota, has but one of these in
stitutions, which is located in Minneapolis. It
is a branch of what is called "The Moler Sys
tem of Barber and Hairdressing Colleges.'*
Similar branches are located at Chicago. St
Louis, Cincinnati and New York, with head
quarters at Chicago. The place is filthy be
yond description. The stairs, hallways, operat
ing-room, chairs, floor, i walls, workstands.
cups, brushes, towels, in fact everything in
and about the place, were so filthy that the
appearance Is distasteful, even sickening, to
a person who has any notion of cleanliness.
In its last biennial report the Barbers'
State Board of Examiners of Minnesota
in describing the condition of the so-called
barber colleges had this to say regarding
their condition, and it most aptly fits the
local conditions discovered yesterday:
Minnesota View of the Evil.
At the San Francisco Barber College,
741A Howard street, of which W. H. Dun
nagan is the proprietor, the same condi
tions obtain. One young man. evidently ill
of consumption, waa shaving a veteran of
the steam-joint route. He was in a con
dition almost bordering on collapse, and
as the law makes specific provision for
such cases he was told to call at the
headauarters of the State Board of Bar
ber Examiners.
After the student graduates he is furn
ished with a diploma entitling him to
work at his profession in any shop in the
United States affiliated with the college.
He generally retains his place for a short
time and is discharged to make room for
a new graduate.
San Francisco Lodge Xo. 3 of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows celebrated
Its golden jubilee last evening in the Cov
enant Hall of the Odd Fellows' building.
Old Purity, as the lodge is known, was
instituted In 1S51 and had for its officers:
Samuel H. Parker, P. G.; Jesse Booring,
X. G.; Philo White, V. G.; R. O. Sturte
vant, R. S-; J. Joseph. F. S.. and E. Hud
son, treasurer. All of these, who were
prominent men in the community, have
passed away as well as all of the charter
members.
There were present the majority of the
members and invited guests, among them
Grand Secretary G. T. Shaw and Grand
Treasurer J. W. Harris. In the lodge room
B. B_ Jacobs delivered a short address, af
ter which he read several pages of the
minutes of the lodge of fifty years ago.
Then followed vocal solos by J. W. E.
Allen and Louis Lacaze, a cornet solo by
I. C. Coggin and prestidigitation by F. W.
Warren and S. R. Jacobs.
After the business in the lodge room
there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall, where an excellent supper was served
under the supervision of the committee of
arrangements, composed of S. R. Jacobs,
P. D. D. G. M.; F. A. Jennings, F. W.
Warren. Alexander Jaeobi, past grands,
and L. E. Phillips. A. P. Black was toast
mRF'.oT ard he called upon the following
uamf-d, who made short addresses appro
priate to the occasion: G. T. Shaw, J. W.
Harris, F. W. Warren. J. H. Barry, F.
I.afaix and A. A. Friedlander.
"Old Purity" Celebrates Fitly Its
Jubilee in Ifceeting-Booin and
Banquet HalL
£AU" FBA2TCISCO DODGE'S
GOTTEN" A2OHVEBSABY
KICKED BY A HORSE.— Cornelius Collins
a teamster working for the City Improvement
Company at Hunter's dry dock, while harness
ing his team yesterday morning, was kicked on
the head by one of the horses. He was taken
to the City and County Hospital, where Dr
Toner found that he had sustained a fracture
of the skull.
Though Judge Troutt denied Mrs. Crav
en's petition for a transfer of the petition
of Theresa A. Oelrlchs, Virginia Vander
bilt and Charles I* Fair for distribution
to them of the personal property of the
estate of the late James G. Fair, another
petition for a transfer of the case under
the new code amendment was filed yes
terday by Mrs. Craven. Under the new
law it is only necessary for bias and
prejudice upon the part of the court to be
alleged In a petition for a transfer to In
sure the granting of t«*e same. These al
legations Mrs. Craven makes. But as the
hearing of the petition for distribution has
already commenced before Judge Troutt
it is doubtful if Mrs. Craven's efforts
to secure a transfer under the new law
will avail her.
Mrs. Craven "Wants a Transfer.
to-day for California. Guests will begin
to arrive in considerable numbers as early
as next Tuesday.
Preparations for the convention are be
ing pushed forward rapidly. Contracts
for the decoration of the streets and
meeting places have been let. Workmen
are busily engaged «in refitting Mechanics'
Pavilion. Epworth League flags to the
.number of 10,000 are made and ready for
use. Every inch of space for exhibits in
the Pavilion has been let.
FROM recent Information received
at Epworth League headquarters
it is evident that the number of
visitors who will be here at the
time of the convention will be
greater than has been previously estimat
ed. Over the Rio Grande road alone there
have been scheduled more than forty
trains, which will bring nearly 12,000 peo
ple. It Is thought that there will be twice
as many mere pass over all other roads
combined. Taken with the number of
Californlans who will come to San Fran
cisco from the interior for the occasion,
the local officials are confident that there
will be at least 60,000 strangers in the city
during the convention.
News has been received that there is
already a lack of Pullman sleepers in the
East and considerable difficulty is being
experienced in getting sleeping car ac
commodations by those who are late in
making their decisions to come West at
this time. Cornelius S. Loder of New
York has booked four excursion trains for
California for this month, and states that
he can easily arrange others if cars are
forthcoming.
Word has been received that Dr. Co
burn of Trinity Church, Denver, will not
be able to speak at the convention, as pre
viously arranged, but his place on the pro
gramme will be filled by President H. A.
Buehtel of Denver University.
A band of 300 Leaguers left Qulncy, III.,
W. de L. Klngsbury, In charge of the
finances, reports rather slow progress.
More than 510,000 is yet needed to defray
the expenses of the affair. The conven
tion is now less than two weeks distant
and some apprehension is felt lest the de
sired amount should not be forthcoming.
It is assured that the affair will bring
many hundreds of thousands of dollars
into the city, and the league officials feel
that on that account, if for no other rea
son, the public should make a generous
contribution.
The committee on contributions makes
the following report:
Levi Strauss & Co $100
Dunham.-Carrlsan-Hayden Co 75
Newman & Levinson 50
Baker & Hamilton 50
Hotel Pleasanton 59
Sperry Flour Co : 50
Bancroft-Whitney Co 23
J. C. Foster & Co 25
\V. R. Grace 2.1
Hulse, Bradford & Co ¦ 23
Morgan Oyster Company 2.".
Meyer, 'Wilson & Co 21
Norton Tanning Company .' 25
Payot. Upham & Co 23
United States Laundry Company 25
J. C. Wilson & Co re 25
Christian Froelich 25
Charles R. Bishop 25
Gualala Mill Company 25
G. W. McNear 25
i Total $723
Prsvlously reported 10,600
Grand total $11,323
room of the Mills building yesterday, it
was decided to establish a new Park
Emergency Hospital. The Park Commis
sioners have set apart a lot on Stanyan
street, near Waller, for this purpose, and
within a few days work will be begun un
der the supervision of Park Superintend
ent McLaren.
There was present at the meeting Park
Commissioners M. J. McDonald, John
Stanton and Reuben H. Lloyd and Dr.
Bunnell and Secretary Emery of the
Health Board. These gentlemen discussed
at length the advisability of establishing
an Emergency Hospital near the park and
all were unanimous in approving of such
a dan.
The Board of Supervisors has set aside
$9000 for such a hospital and it will be
built immediately. Efforts will be made
to make the hospital a model of its kind
and physicians and nurses will be detailed
to be constantly on duty. The many acci
dents to visitors to the park makes it ab
solutely necessary for such a hospital.
Park Commissioners and Board of
Health Will Supervise Construc
tion of New Buildings
At a conference meeting of the members
of the Board of Park Commissioners and
the Health Board, held in the Assembly
NEW EMERGENCY HO SPIT AX
FOB PARK DECIDED UPOU
[Seal]
190 [Seal]
Send for the Manual. Price, JL
CONTRACT OF AGREEMENT
Between the Moler System of Barber
and Hairdressingr Colleges and
ci t V- of 7.7.7.7.7.7.7, s t ite of 1 . '. '. '. * ". '. * ! *. ".
Witnesseth, The said Barber School,
for a consideration of
?40 for the Barber Tra4e, including
Outflt No. 1.
$45 for the Barber Trade, including
Outflt No. 2.
$3) for the Barber Trade, Including
Outfit No. S.
$23 for Lady HaJrdressing;, including
Outflt No. 4.
J20 for - Manicuring, Including Outflt
No. 5.
$15 for Facial Massage,
hereby agrees to teach the above
trades, giving full and practical knowl
edge of the business, with constant
practice, instructions, examinations and
every necessary requirement to make
the student a
The average time required to teach
the Berber trade is about eight weeks,
and the Ladies' Halrdresslng trade
about four. Manicuring two. and Mas
sage two; but it is understood there
is no limit to the time said stu
dent may remain at the school be
fore trying- for the examination with
out extra charge. The student must
give constant attention during the
•working hours, which are from 9 a. m.
to 4 p. m. See description of tools on
another page.
In executive session considerable time
was devoted to the plans to be adopted
regarcjEs further continuance of the
strike of th<j cooks and waiters.
The proposed amendment to the consti
tution increasing the executive committee
Irum nine to fifteen, after a long debate,
in which Chairman Goff and Secretary
Rosenberg received many encomiums for
the conservative manner in which they
have handled the disturbed conditions of
labor, was defeated.
The executive committee was authorized
to haudie adX matters arising in the con
troversy between the butchers and res
taurant-keepers. A large number of pick
ets will be engaged before the butcher
shops Lhat refuse meat to the restaurants
<2iFphxyiEs union cards.
Ihe uelegtite of the Shipwrights' and
Calkers* Union reported that the execu
tive officers of the Union Iron Works had
requested a conference with the "straw
bosses " individually, but they had decided
to call on them collectively and not indi
vidually at the time suggested.
A division of sentiment regarding the
publication of the proposed weekly news
paper to be devoted to the interests of
labor -was reported by the representatives
of various unions, but the majority fa
vored the project.
The Journeymen Horseshoers* Union
has donated $2J9 for the benefit of the
striking machinists.
A communication was received from the
Etate Federation of Labor agreeing to pay
one-half of the expense of the circulation
of the petition to Congress asking the
continuance and extension to our new
possessions ot the present Chinese exclu
sion act, which expires Slav 5, 1S*J2.
International Bartenders' "League, Local
No. 41, has anilialed with the council. The
accredited delegates are Emil Gundlach,
John D. Huttc-r and Gteorge F. Pouison.
A r.rmber of organizations reported that
the- request ot the Retail Drug Clerks' As
sociation for shorter hours nad been in
dorsed. A petition to the President of the
United States urging a commutation of
sentence cr the«pardon of former Sergeant
Lewis J. Crawford, at present a military
prisoner at Alcatraz, was indorsed. Craw
lord »as arrested and court-martialed for
fan ofiense against military law during the
labor trouble at Shoshone, Idaho.
The Upholsterers' Union has asked that
a boycott be placed upon the California
.Mattress Company at the request of the
upholstering firms that have granted the
ualon demands.
The strike of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Alliance and the attitude of the wholesale
jobbing and retail butchers as to the fur
nishing of meat to restaurants displaying
the nsfon card furnished the greater por
tion of the discussion at the regular meet
ing of the San Francisco Labor Council
held last night, which met for the first
time in Pioneer Hall.
But little new developed yesterday in,
labor circles. About 500 men are now em
ployed at the lUsdon Works, some of
them beinjr the men ¦who went out on
strike May 20-. The machinists, or the
men connected with that union, claim
they never belonged to the organization.
Many of them came from th'e Eastern
States.
"I am sure that the Union Pacific and
Southern Pacific freight and ticket offices
in this city will be consolidated within a
year," said a railroad official yesterday.
It is said that Colonel I>. W, Hitchcock
is safe in his position, as he is a great
friend of J. C. Stubbs, and although well
on in years he is still a capable railroad
man. Thomas Schumacher, the freight
agent of the Union Pacific, also enjoys an
enviable record. Should the consolidation
be made he will no doubt assist William
Snroule, who is the chief freight official
of the Southern Pacific in this city.
Sproule is at present in the East. On his
return to this city he will move into the
offices that were formerly occupied by
Stubbs.
President Hays has made no announce
ment of any changes, but they will not
come unexpected, however. Fltzliugh.
who, it is said, is selected to fill an impor
tant position with the Southern Pacific
road, is still examining the different divi
sions. He holds the proud distinction of
being the only operating official outside of
Hays who is allowed to hitch his private
car on to a "limited" train.
Now that J. C. Stubbs has- gone East as
chief traffic manager for Harriman all
sorts of rumors are afloat. A number of
prominent railroad officials claim that
Hays has lost considerable power and that
Stubbs will take precedence over him,
both in rank and salary.
"The Southern Pacific and the Union
Pacific are distinct roads," said he. "and
I am sure that there are no steps being
taken to consolidate them."
President Hays is not as ready to talk
with members of the press as he was
when he first arrived in San Francisco.
Secretary Ingram, his majordomo, now
talks for him. Secretary Ingram, on be
ing asked yesterday if there was any
truth in the rumor that the accounting
departments were to be consolidated, said
that there was absolutely nothing: in the
report.
A rumor has been going the rounds that
the accounting departments of_ the Union
and Southern Pacific roads are to be con
solidated and that headquarters Is to be
established in Omaha. The report is no
doubt due to the call East of several of
the accounting department officials, in
cluding C. J. "Wilder and E. E. Hoiton.
who went to Omaha to confer with E.
Rastus Young, chief accountant of the
Union Pacific. Those who are in a posi
tion to know say that the conference was
simply called for the Harrtman roads to
agree upon and adopt a uniform system
of keeping books and making out reports.
No Steps Taken to Consoli
date Southern and Union
Pacific.
Denial of a Report That
Departments Are to
. Be United. -
RAILWAY CLERKS ¦»
NOW FEEL SAFE
That portion of the Master's report find
in? that Charles H. Smith Is not entitled
to intervene and dismissing Smith's
amended bill is held in reserve by Judge
Morrow, who has already held in another
cast that Smith is the owner of the bonds.
The action was brought June 17, 1SS6, to
foreclose a mortgage executed by the Cal
ifornia and Nevada Railroad Company,
April 10, 1884, to secure to the complainant
the payment of certain first-mortgage
bonds of the defendant company to the ex
tent of $5,000,000, of which 545 bonds were
Issued of the face value of $1000 each. The
Oefvndant railroad company filed no an
swer to the suit. On December 26, 1896.
Charles H. Smith filed a bill of interven
tion, alleging that he was the owner of
304 of the bonds issued and that 200 of the
remaining bonds issued were illegal and
invalid, and not being a legal obligation of
the defendant company, could not be en
forced as against its property.
The Master-in-Chancery found that 343
of the bonds, including those claimed by
Smith, were legally issued and are legal
and valid obligations of the defendant
railroad company, but that none of the re
maining 200 of said bonds were legally is
suf.ti. and should be surrendered. and can
celed; that the Oakland and San Fran
cisco Terminal Company Is not in the po
sition of a holder for value without notice,
and the bonds voted and delivered to it
by jhe defendant railroad company were
illegally issued- and not valid obligations
except in the hands of a bona-fide pur
chaser, and that eleven of the 200 bonds
held by. J. H. T. Watkinson are legal. The
prayer of Mary E. Roberts for priority
over the bondholders is denied.
Proceedings- to foreclose the mortgage
on the California and Nevada Railroad
Company were brought to a conclusion
yesterday by a decree, issued by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow, who ap
proved of all but one of the findings of
United States Master-in-Chancery llea
cock in the case of the Central Trust Com
pany of New York vs. California and Ne
vada Railrcad Company and others;
Charles H. Smith and others, intervenors,
and J. S. Emery and others, defendants
in intervention. •
Smith's Bonds Valid, but Two
Hundred Are Illegal
and Void.
California and Nevada
Contest Is Settled by
the Court.
CASE DECISION
HAIRDRESSIXG COLLEGES.
Short Cut to Barbsring.
A prospective "tonsorial artist" dropped
in during the afternoon and deposited
with Manager Van Orden $60 to insure his
course of tuition and an outfit, and signed
the following agreement:
THE MOLER SYSTEM OF BARBER AXD
Moler's "College" .is one of a series of
"colleges" located throughout the coun
tr>% In one corner in a pen constructed
of wire netting, resembling a police court
dock, a lot of "subjects" were gathered.
About a dozen embryo barbers stood at
chairs placed before a cheaply construct
ed redwood counter, who lathered and
scraped or cut the hair of the applicant as
he wished. The patrons were charity sub
jects drawn in by the ticket entitling 1
them to a free shave.
He did not wear his official badge, but he
learned more of the method of turning out
barbers at short notice than he ever an
ticipated. He saw the conditions of the
places, observed the work, and made
notes that will probably cause the man
agers of the two establishments to wish
they had not gone into the business..
President Calish visited the "Moler Col
lege" on Clay street and the "San Fran
cisco Barber College" on Howard street
yesterday.
"Barber Colleges" are shortly to be
eliminated from the list of institutions of
learning in San Francisco. Just who will
take the initiative in the movement will
be decided upon as soon as the president
of the State Board of Barber Examiners
and the president of the local Board of
Health can get together and determine
upon the best means to be used.
Finds Them Uncleanly and
Proposes Methods of
Sanitation.
President of the State
Board Visits So-Called
Colleges.
UNDER IRE BAN
I OF BARBER LAW
Machinists From East Pill
Places of Striking
'ronworkers.
Butchers Firm Against
Display of Union
Emblems.
LABOR MATTERS
EXTREMELY DULL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
More Than 60,000 Strangers Are Planning to Attend the Great
Convention, and San Francisco Is Busy Preparing to Extend
to Them the Bounteous Hospitality for Which She Is Famous
TRAINLOADS OF EPWORTH LEAGUE
DELEGATES ARE WESTWARD BOUND
9
"Coffee acts as a. stimulant to me. I
can for a. time accomplish considerable
more -work, but then I am dull, spiritless,
nervous, weak and Irritable. Coffee acts
like a Blow poison on my father, giving
him Inward coins and a feeling of being
generally upset. Continued use- always
used to make him HI.
"He used to be very fond of the beverage
and was in the habit of drinking It -two
mornings, gay, then skipping a few days
and taking It two mornings again. If he
took It th© third morning he was invari-
ably elck. It is two years now since we
had the first package of Postum. We
have been using it ever since, to our very
rreat benefit.
"A lady friend who Is the wife of a
prominent clergyman In New Haven
(whose name I am not at liberty to give)
wa« a. complete nervous wreck from the
use of coffee. About a year ago she be-
gan the use of Postum and continued In
it, S»x weeks after starting she had lost
all her former nervousness, had grown
plump in the face, and her health
better than it had been for years. She is
a eplendld walking advertisement, and is
most enthusiastic in the pralso of Postum,
telling all of her callers of its merits and
urging them to try it" Kate Austen,
Xl&mdesfe Conn.
And a Sorry Friend to Some Systems.
A STIMULANT.
® ) \ _« — v_--n —^x«^-n^ \^-v_- —^. —^_-—^*—^--v_^— v,^-^ y
I NEXT I
| SUNDAY'S |
! jui D 7. GALL ji'o 7 - j
• ' — o
o — : ; ~ — — ©
O THE WESTERN GIRL .WHO IS SUING THE ©
§ DUKE OF MANCHESTER FOR ¦ %
• BREACH OF PROMISE. ©
0 s - - • ©
• WHICH IS GREATER, MAN'S AFFECTION g
q > FOR WOMAN OR WOMAN'S AF- %
8 FECTION FOR MAN? ©
e ' — — — ¦ .- ¦ 0
% \ OSTEOPATHY IS NOW THE FAD. %
O > HOW SOME THEATRICAL FOLK LIVE. %
9 — «
® THE SAN FRANCISCO FRUIT AND FLOWER g
p V MISSION AND ITS WORK. §
S ( WHAT CAN BE DONE WITH CAMERA §
% I AND BRUSH. \ g
§ V FREE WITH SUNDAY'S CALL: g
O • SCHUETZEN MARCH AND TWO-STEP. 9
A -' A
_" Composed by Mrs. J. J. "Wolf In Honor of the Visiting Mem-" 2
g ~ bers of tbe National Schuetzen Bund. •»
2 THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL. I •
a By Kate Greenleaf Locke. a
S * THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. S
• ' " : ""•' •¦• ' '"¦' " - 5
ft * »S ©
••••••••••••••••••©©••••••••••••••••••••••••o
POSTTJM CEEEAL.
! STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of thi: —
Fire Association
OF PHILADELPHIA, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day,
' as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
; State of California, pursuant to the provisions
. of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
; condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
! missjoner.
I v CAPITAL.
I Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
| Cash $300,00000
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company $493,600 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages l,5C6,810 89
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
1 Bonds owned by Company 3,072,426 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, .Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 83,140 61
Cash in Company's Office 25,483 59
Cash In Banks 230.70190
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,986 C8
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 42,08132
Premiums in due Course of, Collec-
tion t.. 838,263 53
Rents due and accrued 2,160 21
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 22,596 86
Total Assets J6. 340. 230 99
LIABILITIES. ¦
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 128,555 82
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 144.639 90
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 40,994 71
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less. $2.0S5,9S2 38; /
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,042,931 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,377,-
889 64; reinsurance pro rata 1,265,369 33
Amount redaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 1.945,077 43
All other liabilities v 346.573 37
Total Liabilities ...$4,914,20182
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums $2,912,667 71
¦ Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 107,244 70
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources.... 137.662 63
Received for Rents 18,637 93
Received from all other sources — 5,704 60
Total Income $3,181,977 59
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(including $294,808 23, losses of pre-
vious years) ...* $1, 843,680 11
DMderids to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 838,87179
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 237,729 !3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • 112,147 59
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 137.093 21
Total Expenditures ..$3,189,220 92
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $1.797.230 55
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $304,327,744 |3,753.912 24
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
yaar 282,637,311 8.821,767 20
Net; amount in force
December 31, 1900.... 410,681,756 4,793,767 96
~~- ~ B. C. IRWIN. PrestT"
M. G. CARRIGUES. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January, 1901.
. . THOMAS B. PROSSER.
Notary Public.
J. M. BECK, Manager.
JNQ. D. RICHARDS. Mgr.S.F. Dspt.,
219 SANSOME STREET,
Snn Frimcisco, Cal.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THJ&—
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
C|F LONDON, ENGLAND, on the 31st day
' of December. A. D. 1900, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company J2.237 CS 25
Cash in company's Office 22183
Cash in Banks „ 23.S24 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23 43123
Cash in hands of U. S. Trustees.... Z31 376 h
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 237 23128
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 12.403 53
Total Assets $2,932,334 98
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1123,783 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 167.927 12
Losses resisted, including .expenses 22 223 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlng one year or less. $1,638,963 87!
reinsurance 50 per cent 829,481 94
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks run- V '
ntng more than one year. 11,480,-
104 C3; reinsurance pro rata 761.192 22
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 25 8T9 64
All other liabilities 203.690 08
Total Liabilities $2,138,183 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums , ; .. J2.281.322 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 73,210 28
Total Income $2,354,533 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Firs Losses
(Including $253.32S CO. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,560,453 <4
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 448,94198
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.;.. 138,331 29
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 78.105 75
All other payments and expendi-
tures 140,008 83
Total Expenditures J2.359 341 48
Fire.
Losses Incurred durtnjr ths year.. ..$1,584,339 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the . •
year $338,834,133 $3,433.330 19
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 359,213,974 2.978.730 38
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900.... 315,819.148 3.139,067 92
A- T>. IRVINO.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, tola
Zd day of February, 1931. ........
GEORGE O. RUGER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COASfDEPARTMEHT.
BUTLER & IfflTT,
h-j\' General Agents,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
WlflVMtiOO-HrYHr.Prices for Butter,' Cheese and Eggs remain
the same as last week. All three are in lib
eral supply.
Poultry and Meats show no change.
Fruits and Vegetables are in their custo
mary liberal supply and the late summer fruits,
such as Grapes and Melons, are now coming in,
though in . small lots as yet; They are still
dear. Some of the spring varieties, such . as
Cherries and Rhubarb, are going out.
Coal, per ton — -
Canned $ @12 00 Southfleld
Wellington . - — --@11 00 Wellington $ @11 00
Seattle ..... 9 00(g>— —- Coos Bay ... @ 7 50
.' Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq35@43 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good .'. 25@30 dozen 20@ —
Cheese. Cal ...... 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@2O pound 15*g>20
Cheese, Swiss ...20@35 Do. extracted... S@10
Common Eggs..l5@17'/£ I
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@60 Turkeys, per lb..l7@20
Young Roosters, Ducks, each . 40@30
each 65@83 Geese, each ..$125@1 50
Old Roosters, ea..40@50 Pigeons, pair 40O50
Fryers, each — 50@— Rabbits, pair ....40©—
Broilers, each ..30@50 Hare, each ......— <g)20
Meats, per lb—
Bacon '....Y.15@1S Round Steak 10® —
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak ...12'^@—
Do good-... 10@ — Tenderloin do ....15<g)
Corned Beef ......10@ — Porterhouse do..l7Vi.@20
Ham — @15 Smoked Beef 20@—
Lard...... ..— @15 Pork, salt ...... 10012^
Mutton ...». — @12 Pork Chops 15@1S
Lamb '...... .12®-- Pork Sausages.. 1214015
Pork, fresh .......IS®— Veal '. 12® —
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per'lb.. 4@ 3 Lemons, doz 15@25
Almonds — ...... la®20 Nutmeg Melons,
Apples 4@ 6 each 12%@15
Bananas, doz :.12Mi)25 Peaches, per lb.. 3@ 6
Blackberries, dwr.25@3i Pears, lb 3@jo
Cherries, per lb..lo@20 Plums, lb 3@ 5
Currants, box ....50^60 Raspberries dwr.30(fS40
Figs, per lb .... .10^15 Raisins, per lb... 5@15
Grapes, per lb"...25@— Strawberries, per
Oranges, .doz ....15(f?3n drawer ... ....25<f?40
Limes.- per doz... 12@15, Walnuts, 'per lb...lo(S'20
Logan Berries, I Watermelons, t ea. — @ —
per drawer ...... 35S'50l -
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Manufacturing: has been Interrupted by the
labor agitations. Numerous prostrations - from
heat caused humane employers to close mills
during the most. distressing hours, while tha
sheet and hoop Workers were ordered to stop
work until certain disputed points were set
tled. No Immediate settlement is anticipated
Dex'elopraents of fresh i labor troubles is a
feature of a week that has made for con
servatism In many directions, but' through
out the country jobbing and retail lines are
busy and are handling goods at prices which
yield fair profits. There is a reflection of
this activity In the continued Improvement In
the textile markets in the East and the un
easiness over the money market does . not ex
tend beyond the ranks of - speculators Jn
stocks. Crop reports continued/gratifying,
much good having been done by rains in the
Middle .West. Harvesting of winter wheat
PT ogresses f avorably. - ¦• •
*- *
NEW YORK, July 5.— R, G. Dun & Co.'i
Weekly Review of Itade will sayt
Dun's Review of Trade.
Only three days of this week were devoted
to business In Wall street and the market, es
pecially on Monday and Tuesday, was nar
rowed by the torrid weather and natural cur
tailment of outside interest. Transactions
were on a very small scale and this fact was
as effectual as the discomfort which the finan
cial community experienced in causing the
Vew York Stock Exchange members and
Governors to reverse a previous decision and
determine to close the board on Friday and
Saturday as for the legal holiday on Thursday.
In the street Itself the unusual step involved
was generally approved even in banking cir
cles, though It was noted ¦ that the banks and
other lenders in view of the four days' holi
day took the precaution to call In loans ex
tensively, putting the money in some cases
out at a much higher rate and exacting
pledges, to be prepared to pay the loana on
Friday If it was deemed necessary to call
them. This process led to a decided harden
ing of call money on Wednesday, the; rate ad
vancing to 15@20 per cent, and a good part
of the loans made over the holiday were at
8@12 per cent. Prior to this the money market
seemed to be reverting back to an easier con
dition. - e»>j
* — — *
NEW YORK, July 5.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Weather Report.
OTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 5—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures -were
reported from Etations in California to-day:
Eureka, 6S; Mount Tainalpais, SI: Independ
ence, S4; Red Bluff. 100; Fresno. 102; Los An
celes, SO; Sacramento, 96, San Luis Oblcpo,
S6; San Diego, 68.
Saa Francisco data.: Maximum temperature,
75: minimum. 50; mean, 62. -
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over Southern
California and has fallen over Idaho and
Eastern Washington.
The temperature has risen from 6 to 12 de
rrees over the greater portion of the Pacific
Slope. Warm weather prevails in the great
valleys. Maximum temperatures of 100 degrees
cr more are reported from many places.
A shower i£ reported at El Paso.
FcrecaFt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 6, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued warm weather in the interior with light
toutherly winds. ,
Southern California— Fair Saturday: contin
ued warm weather; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair weather Saturday; continued
warm; light westerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh westerly winds with fog in the after
noon.
Ventura^— Beets heavy crop; factory at Ox
nard opens Monday.
Napa— Fruit ripening fast; Grapes and prunes
light; peaches fair; hay and gTaln good.
Hollister— Bartlett pears medium; Winter
Xeliis lieht: plums poor.
Santa Maria— Threshing grain continues fa
vorable; fruit poor; beans growing better re
cently.
Palermo— Fine weather, south wind; Tragedy
prunes harvested; crop light.
San Jose — Calm; early peaches coming in;
picking apricots to-day, ripening fast.
ALEXANDER G. McADTE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Markets. ,
XEW YORK, July 5.— Holiday conditionsjQb
tained in nearly all the minor commercial mar
kets to-day. The only large market open was
the Cotton Exchar-sre. The Metal Exchange.
Stock Exchange and Coffee Exchange were
Bank Clearings.
NETT YORK, July 5.— The following table
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
July 3, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: •¦:•
_ . T'ercentage.
Cities— • Inc . u| a
Xew York $1,354,122,391 41.9
Boston , 128,701,£31 11.6
Chicago 143,463,438 3.5
Philadelphia S2.2SS.OE2 8.2
Pt. Louis 38,037,133 51.3
Pittsburg- 38.553,788 40 4
Baltimore 22.933.7S9 S.9
San Francisco 22,127,213 10.4
Cincinnati 16,532,150 16 0
Kansas City 14,318,603 27.*
Minneapolis 8.7SS.225 56*5
jjftrolt S.370,520 23 1
Cleveland 13,587.450 - 218
Louisville 8,390,600 .... 1*3
Providence 6,355.600 ...'. 247
Milwaukee £,€53,703 3 g
St. Paul 4.312,184 .... "i'7
Buffalo «.193,S00 23.0
Omaha • 5.430,008 "j'3
Indianapolis 7.206.3C9 3S.1
Columbus, Ohio.... 5,597.900 6.5
Savannah 2.110,769 ii'j
Denver 3.407,251 .... 17*7
Hartford 3,047,411 7.J
Richmond 4,210,930 ....
Memphis 2,260.549 62. 3
Washington 2.S20.704 12 4
Peoria _ 1.676,735 ii'i
Rochester 2,659,451 5 {
New Haven 1,500,632 .... io'o
Worcester 1,020,580 13.0 '
Atlanta. 1,546,505 1» i
Salt Lake City 1,433.639 13.5
Syrinjrfleld, Mass.. ' 1,617.616 54
Fort Worth 2,126,SS3
Portland, Me 1,239,951 2.3
Portland, Or 2.06U81 19. S '.'"
St. Joseph 3,695.519 8 0
Los Angeles ....... 2,286.341 £2 4
rcorfolk - 1.200,937 1.2
Syracuse 1,174,826 in"?
Dcs Moines 1,356,534 . . ii'i
Nashville 1,278,268 38.3
Wilmington. Del... S18.3S1 . 19'n
Fall River 725.425 7.5
Seranton 1,294,617 10 4
Grand Rapids 1,122,455 19.3
Augusta, Ga 801,540 23.5
Lowell 428,790 6.J
Dayton, Ohio 1,055.983
Seattle 2,337,157 .... 246
Tacoma 828,912 24.3
Spokane 93S.765 .... ii'j
Sioux City 1.151,183 ... 3'i
New Bedford 456,107
Knoxville. Tenn.... 482,360
Topeka S93.283 121.5
Birmingham. S73.183 is 0
Wichita. ..-.. 494.631 ""]
Bing^hamton 315,900 .... 155
Lexington. Ky 390.449 ...
Jacksonville, Fla.. 290.977 .... **"*-
Kalamazoo 483,704 25.1 •
Akron 486.800 11.6 , »;H
Chattanooga .—.... 370,390 • g'i
Rockford, 111- 446,161
Canton, Ohio ...... 506,500 33.6 ....
fiprlngfield, Ohio... 281,863 16.0 ....
Fargo, N. D :.. 274.881
Sioux Falls, 8. D.. 176,5»0 84. J
Fremont. Neb 118,660 .... 3.2
Davenport l,0£3.413 .... 6.9
CHICAGO, July 5. — Weak cables and heavy
domestic receipts were the reasons for the
easier feeling in the wheat market at the open
ing. Trading, was dull and within a narrow
range and the pit was nearly deserted during
the entire day, the interest of traders centering
in the coarse grains. Toward the close the re
markable demand for corn and oats and the
material- rise in prices of both had a strength
ening effect and when added to reports of rust
in spring wheat in consequence of excessive
moisture, the situation became strong. Sep
temper opened" Vic lower at 6o%@€0c and the
fluctuations were within Vic rang*, the close
being at 66%@66%c.
Corn opened easier on rains in Kansas, but
the relief thus afforded the situation gave way
later in the session to bullish reports from the
country and the market strengthened. At the
low point both longs and shorts were quite ac
tive on the buying side, wnich also helped to
start the price upward. When buying orders be
gan to come in from the country there was a
wild scramble among. the shorts in an attempt
to cover. September closed y 2 c higher at 47%c.
There was a large trade in oats with the buy
ing general and of good character. Continued
dry weather and generally poor outlook for the
crop were the main bull factors. September
closed with a gain l%@l^c. at 29c.
There was better local demand for provisions,
due to some extent to the poor outlook for the
corn crop. September pork closed 2%c higher,
ribs 7&c higher and lard 12%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. ,2 red wheat, 65$4@66%c; No. 2 corn, 46c:
No. 2 yellow, 45%c; No. 2 oats. 29@30c; No. 2
white. 31032c: No. 3 white, 30@31%c; No. 2
rye, 50c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 88; No. 1 North
western, $1 88; prime timothy seed, '$4 25;
mess nork. Der bbl, $13 80@13 85; lard, .per 100
lbs, $8 50@8 52%; short ribs sides (loose), $7.80
<2fS; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7 1 / i<@)7^4c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 25@8 35;, whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $9 50.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, ~ 14@19c; dairies,
14@16%c. Cheese, S@10o. Eggs, steady; lie. .
Chicago Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO, ' July 5. — CATTLE— Receipts, 4000,
including 400 Texans. Choice steers | steady,
others slow. Butchers stock generally dull
Good to prime steers, $5 20@6 40; poor to medium
J4 10@5 10; Btockers ¦ and feeders, ?2 B0@4 50;
cows and heifers, $2 50@5; canners, $2@3 40
bulls. $3 25@4 40; calves, $4 50® 6 50; Texas fed
Bteers. $2 50@4 25;, bulls, $2 50@3 50. .
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 15,000; to-morrow, 12 -
000; left over, 6000. Weak; mixed and butchers,
J5 70(g6 05; good to choice heavy, $5 85@6 10;
rough heavy, $5 70@5 80; light, $5 65@6 05; bulk
of sales. $5 85@6. /
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; steady; good to choice ;
wethers. $3 40@4 10; fair to choice, mixed, $3@
3 65; Western sheeaj $3 30<j?4 10; yearlings, $3 65 j
@4 25; native lambs, ?3@5; Western lambs, S3 25 !
<S5., .' ¦ • _ •¦;•-•- ¦ -,; • I
ST. JOSEPH. •
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 5.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts.1934; strong to 10c higher; natives, . $4 50
Chicago Grain Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Peaches — St.
John's, 70c to $1 25 boxes, $1 to $1 55 single
crates; Imperials, averaged $115; Hale's Early,
65c to 95c. Pears— Barletts, $2 50 to $3 50 boxes,
$1 30 to $1 55 half boxes; Congress. $1 80 to $2 15
box. Plums — Burbanks, 83c to $1 15; Abundance.
65c to $1. Prunes — Simoni, 50c to $1 05 single
crates; Tragedy, $1 to $1 55. Nine cars of fruit
were sold to-day. ' %
« — *
CHICAGO, July 5.— Porter Brothers Company
sales of California fruit: Cherries— Republican,
SSc to $1 50; Royal Anne. $1 10 to $1 45: Bind,
$1 25: BIgarreau. $1 15. Peaches— Briggs' May,
55c to 75c; Hale's, 70c to 80c; St. John's, 65c to
$1. Plums — Clyman, $1 10; Abundance, SOc to
S5c; Washington. '8jc: Burbanks, $1 to $1 10;
Peach, $1 05. Apricots— Royal, $1 15 to $1 35;
Montgamet, $1 40. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 Zo to
$1 50. \
Porter Brothers Company sales: Peaches —
Hale's, SSc to $1 55; St. John's, 75c to 95c; Fos
ter, 90c to 95c. Plums — Burbanks, 70c to $1;
Peach, '$1 10 to $1 70; Burbanks, 65c to SOc; Cli
max, $2 30; Satuma, 70c; Ogon, $1 35; Sultan,
$1 15; P. D., $1 20; Columbia, SOc: Bryan, $1 70;
Norman. 70c to $1 05; California Red, 90c to
$1 45; Wlckson, $1 50 to $2 20; Red June, 95c;
Peach, $1 20. Prune— Tragedy, $1 15 to' $1 35;
SimonI, SSc to $1 03. Apricots— Peach, 25c;
Royal, $1 15 to $1 35. Pears— Bartletts, $3 55;
Clapp's Favorite, $1 50. Figs— 7S0C. Eleven cars
fruit were sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 5.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Peaches— Hale's Early,
95c to $120 box; Triumph, $110 to $120; Im
perials, average $1 15. Plums— Abundance, 70c
to $1 05 single crates; Burbanks, SOc^to $1 35.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 20 to $1 55 single crates.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— New, 40c@$l 25 per large box and
15@25c per basket. «
APRICOTS— 25@50e per box. 35@60c per crate
and 15@30c per basket; In bulk, $10@15 per ton
for small and $20@25 for large. ¦ -.
CHERRIES— Are no longer worth quoting. "
PLUMS— 20@50c per box and I5@25c per bas-,
ket; .Prunes, 25@60c per crate and 20@40c per
basket. • * , - ¦
PEACHES— 15@50o per box and 10@25o per
The market continues liberally stocked . with
inferior Peaches and Apricots, which meet with
little favor. Choice ' stock of both fruits sells
readily at full figures. . There are plenty of
Plums lying around. Arrivals of Bartlett Pears
are Increasing, as are those of Cantaloupes and
Nutmegs. Berries show no changes worthy of
note.. . '
Oranges, Lemons and Limes remain as before
quoted. . - :
. Figs are in light supply and higher. Crab
apples are unsalable. Gravensteln Apples are
coming in and bring the top quotation.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8%c; choice, 8c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
coiors, 14c per dozen. .
California Gathered— Selected. 1314c; standard,
12V4c; seconds, .
Eastern— Standard, 14c per dozen.
Decictuous' and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts. 15c ; seconds, 14c ;
store, 13c. - ' __
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 18c; firsts, 17c; seconds.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, ISc per lb for fancy
and 17fW7Hc for seconds; dairy, 14@17c.per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15@16i4c for good to fancy;
store, 12^S'14c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
The Dairy Exchange advanced Its quota
tions for creamery Butter and also for dairy
extras, and reported both steady at the ad
vance. It . also advanced its quotations for
ranch Eggs, but left all other grades as be
fore.
In the open market quotations for Butter re
mained about as before, dealers quoting a quiet
market, with fine creameries firmer and the
medium grades easy and slow. All Eggs, even
fine ranch t were quoted weak and dragging.
Cheese was advanced on the exchange, but
quotations in the open market remained un
disturbed.
Receipts were 122,600 pounds and 472 tubs of
Butter, 1002 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 44,600 pounds of California Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 5003 50 for old and
$3 £0@5 for young; Hens, %Z@i 50; young Roost
ers, $607 50; old Roosters, $3@4; Fryers. $4®
5; Broilers, $3®4 for large and $2@2 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 oOlfSl 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Quotations for all varieties remain about the
same. There is not as much stock on the mar
ket as a fortnight ago, but the demand is
slack anil the market is very quiet.
, Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 23@1 75 for Oregon;
New Potatoes, 75c@$l 25 ' for Burbanks, $1 10®
1 15 for Garnet Chiles and 75c@$l 15 for Early
Rose. ¦ >
ONIONS— New Red. 40@60c per sack; New
Yellow, 80c@$l per ctl.
i VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for large, $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c©$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
65c@$l 25 per sack; String Beans, 2@4c; Cab
bage, 40@60c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, 75<S90c, from Winters, 50@75c; Rivers,
In large "boxes, $1 50@2 25; Dried Peppers, 12<£»
18c; Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb: Green Okra, 25c;
Carrots, 25@3oc per sack; Marysvllle Cucum
bers, 60<S65c per box; Winters, 60<g<SSc; Bay,
$1 25@1 50; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 4@12V>c
per, lb; Egg Plant, 6@10c per lb; Green Corn, 50c
@$1 per sack; Bay do, $1@1 50 per crate; Sum
mer Squash, large boxes, 25(g>40c. '
.The market for Potatoes and Onions remains
about as before quoted. Stocks, though not
large, are sufficient.
There were plenty of Vegetables on the mar
ket, but aside from a decline in Tomatoes there
was very little change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat
$8 50@10; choice, $10 50; Wheat and Oat, $8@10-
Oat, $7 50@9; Barley and Oat. $7@8 50; Alfalfa.
$7@9: Clover, $5@6 per ton; Volunteer, $4@7 50
STRAW— 25@47%c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal
$2S®29; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 60.
BRAN— $17 50@18 50 per ton.
Although receipts of Hay during the past two
days were over 900 tons the market was dis
tinctly higher yesterday, dealers quoting an
advance of 50c In the upper grades. Medium
and lower grades were not affected. Otherwise
there was no change in anything.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 $6%b
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 SSVS
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 12'^
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — < 15
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49^ @ 50
NOTE— As the Produce Exchange stands ad
journed until Monday quotations for grains,
millstuffs, etc., are omitted.
Exchange and Bullion.
California Fruit Sales.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Wheat exports for the year lRiO-1901 are 217,
133,361 bushels, against 200.C79.750 bushels the
preceding season, and 227,715,464 bushels in
1898-99.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,787.630 bushels, against 4,364,
147 bushels last week. 3.018,832 bushels in the
corresponding week of 3900, 3,758.972 bushels in
1839. and 2.728,642 bushels in 1SS8.
June failures were the smallest of any month
this year, but liabilities were swelled by a -few
heavy suspensions of banks and were the
heaviest for more than a year past. Consider
ing the increased volume of business in- the past
two years, the six months recorded is a very
favorable one, as the total number of failures
for the half year was 5463, with liabilities of
SC6.13S.362, and assets of a little less than one
half this amount.
NEW YORK, July 5.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will 6ay: Hot weather, holidays and stock
taking, the first named particularly, have lim
ited trade in the period under review and
caused a practical suspension in industrial ac
tivity in many cities. Against this seemingly
unfavorable feature, however, is to be noted
the fact that a good business has been done in
all kinds of seasonable 'products at retail and
the check to trade at wholesale has been large
ly a postponement rather than actual elimina
tion of possible business. The crop situation
has on the whole Improved and corn and cot
tQn, the two leading crops most In question at
present, have gained some of the ground lost
early in the season by cold weather. The
wheat crop is certainly in a favorable condi
tion, because harvesting has gone forward rap
idly and prices on the whole have been quite
satisfactory.
Corn shows the heaviest advance for many
weeks, for years past, on reports of dry, hot
weather damage, aided, however, by specula
tive manipulation and a fairly good export
business. Wheat is lower on liquidation, in
duced by good crop reports, and despite con
firmation of the heavy deficit in the German
crop, the poor French crop and of the short
yield in Hungary, with doubtful prospects in
oiher countries of Europe. Oats are higher,
owing to the reports for domestic crop pros
pects. Hog products were strong earlier, but
broke and finished lower on the week on liqui
dation, caused by bear raids.
The feature in retail trade this week has
been the very large distribution of all classes
of summer goods, Induced by the hot spell.
Wholesale distribution has been comparatively
limited, but it is to be noted that Western Job
bers have experienced a good reasserting de
mand, based on hot weather conditions. The
textile situation is fully as favorable as a week
ago.
Common goods production has felt the influ
ence of regularly planned curtailment and In
addition has been affected by shut downs, due
to the heat. The tone of values is firmer, and
the outlook is regarded as encouraging.
The boot and shoe trade is in good shape.
Manufacturers are making good sales and get
the prices they demand and would be freer
buyers of leather were it not that dealers are
slow to permit this in view of the firmer tone
of hides and the feeling that an upward ten
dency in the finished product may shortly en
sue.
In the iron and steel trades stocks ' and
weather have been features,, leading to unset
tlement. but Just how much ldlenes Is due to
the demands of labor organizations It is hard
to measure, because of shut downs of iron and
steel mills for repairs, or because of the hot
conditions.- The fact is that none of the union
mills ordered struck by the Amalgamated As
sociation are now running at full capacity, and
the employers claim that they welcome the shut
down of the union mills teo as to allow of need
ed repairs.
Dullness due to exceptional weather condi
tions and to the closing of the Stock Exchange
from Wednesday till next Monday deprived
New York stock market transactions of im
portance. The effect of unfavorable crop ad
vices on the granger and Pacific railway
stocks was modified by subsequent reassuring
news. The only feature of the market was the
United States Steel market, which, after the
declaration of 1% per cent on the preferred and
1 per cent on Ihe common stock, broke moder
ately, partly on realizing and partly on fears
of an extension of the labor trouble at the
American Sheet Steel mills to constituent con
rprns
Produce and Stock Exchanges closed. ; '
Dairy Exchange open. Bond Exchange resumes to-day.
Silver lower. Exchange slightly varied. ;',
Hay advanced. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes, Oitions and Vegetables about the same.
Fine Butter and Eggs advanced on the Dairy Exchange.
Poultry in light demand and still cheap.
Fruit market well supplied and featureless.
Nothing going on in Dried Fruits.
Provisions steadily held and unchanged. j
Meat market quiet at previous prices.
STOCK MARKET.
The Stock and Bond Exchange will resume
business to-day.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Company has declared a dividend of
10c per share, amounting to $21,6C0, payable
July 12.
Tne California "Wine Association has declared
a dividend of 60c per share, payable on the
10th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company has
declared a dividend of 25c per share, payable
on tho 10th.
Commercial failures during the first half of
1901 numbered 5759, with liabilities of $35,804 -
690, ajrainst 5332 last year for $74,747,452. In
manufacturing lines there were 1625 defaults
with $21,691,048 liabilities, while 4J90 traders
failed for $24,864,207. The improvement over
the preceding year was most striking • In
brokerage and banking insolvencies, which
were $9,200,435 and $15,839,554 respectively,
against $22,124,340 and $25,822,682 last year.
This is the more noteworthy, because the vio
lent agitation In Wall street during May was
calculated to cause serious disturbances and
the 'last week of June brought other failures
through injudicious speculation and poor bank
ing methods. While the half year's state
ment is gratifying, the second quarter makes
a- much better showing, liabilities declining
$7,202,282, compared with the first quarter, and
$17,623,675, in comparison with the second quar
ter of 1900. The average liability per failure
was smaller than in the corresponding three
months . of any year since the records were
first compiled. The proportion of bad debts to
solvent payments through clearing houses was
but 69c to each $1000 and only one out of the
preceding 105 . quarters recorded a lower ratio,
while the average amount of defaults to each
firm in business was but $20.33, only seven
other quarterly periods making smaller re
turns.
because many plants need repair and others
r™t k t n v5, stock ; Until the owners wish to"
l»% „ l el J P osl t«on will not be. known. The
reduction of 25c on No. 28 sheets was unex-
S,,?" 4 not accompanied by any general
v^t?Lni nB ° prI ? eSl Footwea r shops in New
Sm L.2 ""i aGt l Vb on tsdl llnes - but lQ cal
Jobbers are less busy and orders from sales
men on the road are light. Leather is quiet
but firmer with a splendid export demand for
i.? *E£ S .. Woolens and worsteds are sell
ing better and raw wool is taken more freely,
but the average of 100 grades, according to
a £; S A, Brothers circular was slightly lower
a "'Jf 0 i* n July L Co "ons are in better
domestic demand, but prices are held above
bids of shippers to China and sales In the
brown goods division have decreased. Manu
facturing as a whole is unusually active for
the reason that the staple products are quiet,'
speculation being restricted by depressing
weather and the lengthy holidays at most of I
the exchanges prevented new commitments, j
News from the West was full of promise as
to the growing wheat yield, causing a further
decline in prices, although foreign needs are
eald to bo heavy. Corn steadied somewhat
because of the reported injury from heat
and drought. Receipts continue light in com
parison with last year's, but exports are
equally unsatisfactory. Cotton holds firmly
at a point a little below 9c, the free move
ment despite old stock being disregarded.
Etrengtn Is found in the greater activity in
the goods market, together with rumors of
rain In Texas and a fewoher States where
moisture Is deficient. Sales of No. 7 Rio
coffee have been made below 6e, which Is not
surprising since receipts at Rio and Santos
ports for the crop year Just ended were little ;
short of eleven million bags. Even this rec
ord-breaking crop will be . surpassed if the
current yield is equal to expectations. Com
pared with the 'prices of a year, ago wheat
shows a decline of lie a bushel, cotton $6 25 a
bale and coffee 3%c a pound, while corn is
not higher than last- year's price and pork
products alone of these commodities show any
advance. •¦ - .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Fish-
Barracuda 12!4@ — (Striped .Bass 10(@12Vi-
Carp — <tp — (Sea Bass 15© —
Catfish 10<a— iSmelts 15® —
Codfish 12@li Soles 10@>—
Flounders 8@10 Skates, each .... 8®10
Halibut 8@12& Squid 12%@—
Herring — tft — Tomcod Siff —
Mackerel 15® — Turbot — @ —
Do. horse 10@— < rrrout 30<ffi3o
Perch — @ — Whiteflsh 10<ss— •
Pomplno 750— Clams, gallon — 50^? —
Rockflsh 15@— Do hardshell, lb 8@10
Salmon, fresh ....2D®25 Crabs, each 1^,
Do, smoked 15^40 Mussels, ouart ... o®li:
Shrimps —©—Oysters. Cal. UKM0O50
Shad 6@ 8 Do. Eastern. dz.25@40
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb. 5@10 Okra, , dried, lb..— @3a
Artichokes, doz...25@40 Green Peppers. lbl0@30
Beets, doz 10@— Potatoes, per lb 2%@—
Beans, white, lb. 6@— New. do 1%@ 2
Colored, per lb. 5@ — Rhubarb, per lb.. 5®—
Dried Lima. lb.. 6(9 8 Sweet Potatoes.lb 3® —
Cabbage, each ... S©' — Parsnips, per dz.10® —
Cauliflowers, each 5@— Radishes, dz bchs.l5@20
Celery, head .... 5@— Sage, doz bnchs.25@30
Cress", doz bnchs.l5@20 String Beans, lb.. 5@ 8
Cucumbers, doz..-10@25 Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, lb 15^20 per lb W o
Green Peas lb... 3@ 5 Sprouts, per lb.. — @ —
Green Corn. doz..l2@30 Sjflnach. per lb.. 5® —
Lettuce, per doz..l5@20 Thyme, doz bchs.2T.<ffi3<>
Onions, per lb.... 5*S> 6 Turnips, per doz..l0@—
Leeks, doz bnchs.lo@£0 Tomatoes, per lb. 5@ S
WHEAT- Spot, dull ; No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s 6Hd; No. 1 Northern spring, 5* 6^;
No. 1 California, Bs 9d. Futures, steady; Sep
tember, Ss 6%d; December, 5s 6.%d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed new, firm. 4s
2d; do. old, steady, 4s 3d. Futures, quiet: July,
4s %d; September, 4s l%d; October, 4s l%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, July 5.— Wheat, quiet;'' No. .1
standard California, 5s 9d@5s 9^d ; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, steady; weather In England, fine
and warm. . 1
LONDON, July 6.— Silver, 27d; cargoes No.
1 standard California,' 29s; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 9d; English country markets, easy.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 5.— Wheat— Walla "Walla,
56&c.
TACOMA, July 5.— Wheat— Half cent lower.
Bluestem, 57c; .Club, 54c.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— To-day's statement
of the .Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, ehows: Available cash
balances, $175,498,639; gold, $99,298,644. y '
Condition of the Treasury.
PORTLAND, Or., July 5.— Clearings, $386,
746; balances, $46,238. '
Portland's Business.
LONDON, July 6.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,203 bales.
There was a large attendance. Prices showed
a hardening tendency. Geelong was in fair de
mand for American buyers, and they also se
cured moderate quantities of medium cross
breds at Irregular rates. Ptinta Arenas was In
good demand at unchanged prices.
London Wool Sales.
New York Cotton Market, '
NEW YORK, July 5.— Cotton closed steady
net unchanged to 5 points higher. .
APRICOTS— Royal, 6@>12c; Moorpark, 7%@12c
PEACHES— Peeled, H(S>lSc; impeeled, 6@10c.
NEW YORK, July 5.— It was a day of In
significant changes and, absence of features in
the market for dried fruits. ' ¦ State, common
to good, 3^@5; prime, 5%@5%c; choice, 6@6V*c;
fancy, 6 J A^ic.
California dried fruits wer« Inactive, but
steady.
PRUNES— 2%@6%c per pound, i as to size and
quality. .
@6 15; ; cows an* heifers, $1 50@5 25; . bulls and
stags, : $2 70@3 10; stockers and feeders, $2 75@
4 40; veals; $3 60@6 25. ¦ . . - - - , . : .
HOGS— Receipts, 7750; uteady. to 2VSc higher;
light "and light : mixed, $5 67^@5 77% : medium
and • heavy,- ... $5 72%@5 95; .' pigs,- $4@5; bulls,
$4 ?2%@5 85. - "¦¦¦_ , - ¦ " "; • .- ....
s. Dried Fruits in New York.
Receipts of Produce. j
Flour, qr sks..... 14,521 Shorts, sks 20
Wheat, ctls....... £9,754 Wool, sks 66
Barley, ctls....... 14,220 Hides, No 234
Oats, ctls 2,230 Pelts, bdls 163
Beans, sks - 11 Lime, bb!s 91
Potatoes, sks 6,643 Wine, gals 30,000
Onions, sks. 2,477 Leather, rolls 77
Bran, sks 3,110 Tallow, ctls 212
Middlings, sks.... 540 Sugar, ctls..., 3,587
Hay.- tons '.... 93D|Chlcory, bbls..... 23
Straw, tons .201.
FOR JULY 4 AND 5:
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, in bulk
12%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, lSM:c; Astral 18^.c-
Star, lSVic: Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine, 23>Zc;
Eocene, 20V£c; deodorized stove gasoline, "in
bulk, 13c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 1'Oc;
In cases. 26c. - ¦ ¦ .
TURPENTINE— SSc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Towdered, 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; box
es, EOc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
Receipts from the Islands in June were very
heavy, being 731,307 bags.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No 1
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
Sac; raw, S7c; cases, oc more; Lard Oil extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, S5c; China
Nut, 53g63c p\r gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 60c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 60c; Whale
Oil. natural white, 87 J /4@12^c per gallon; Fish
Oil, in barrels. 35c; eases, 40c.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7%@Sc; local make. %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7!4@Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%@Sc for cotton
and S%@S?io for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield Wel
lington, $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend, $9-
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
Racks; Rocny Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according^ to brand
General Merchandise.
Prices stand the same. The movement Is not
very brisk this week.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@"%c for Steers and CQ6y 2 c per lb
for cows.
VEAL— Large, 7^@8c; small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7^c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under 6%c
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, —7-; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
oft from the above quotations; dressed Hogs
7*6@9fcc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l}£c under quotations. "Heavy salted
Steers. 10%@llc; medium, 9@10c; light, S^g^c;
Cow Hides, 8%@9%c for heavy and 8^J@9c for
light; Stags, 6V4c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,
9V-@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, lGV-c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. lCc; Dry Calf, 17@18c-
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each: short Wool, 30@50c each
medium, 60@75c; long Wool, 80c@.$l each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 5O(&2 75 for large and $2@2 25
for medium; $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for
C0H3; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $150 for
medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime 'Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c- medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; choice
5c- No. 2, 3 1 / s@4c; grease, 2M:@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c; do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c; defective, 9@Hc; Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc; do defective, 8®10c;
Southern, 12 months, 8@9c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c;
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse. ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, Il@l3c:
do fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll><ic.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon,' 12c per lb for heavy,
12^c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14^c for
extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams
13c; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50-
Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13%@llc
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels pure
10?4c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 914c; two tierces
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
There Is nothing new to report In this line.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@oy,c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5V4c;
light amber extracted. 4@4}&c; dark, 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
NUTS— "Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@liu c -
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10^c: No 2
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell 10
@llc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts llglli^c 1
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
FR UITS — Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5%@6c; sun dried, 1%@2%c; Peaches,
3%@4o for standard, 4%@5i4c for choice and
6@G^c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted,
3@4c;.unpitted, ?4@lMc; Nectarines, 4@4&c'for
red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES — 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60s 4W&;
60-70s. Z%c; 70-SOs, 3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s' Hi?
100-120s, l^c. ' '
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy,, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: primfe. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lOUc per lb
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c ; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
614c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6^c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. 5'4c, and
4-crown, 5V4c; seeded (Fresno prices),' 5V4c;' Lon
don Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown
?160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 50c@$l 25; Medi
terranean Sweets, 50c@$l 25; Valenclas. $1 50®
2 50; St. Michaels, $1(31 15; Lemons, 75c@$l 25
for common and $1 50@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 50c@?l 50; Mexican Limes, $6@7;
Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
/5c@$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, ?1 50@2 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged
and the market is quiet and featureless.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
$1 25@1 75 per crate; Fontainebleau, from Vaca
vllle, %\ 25©1 50-rwr box. >.:¦¦?-
MELONS— Nutmegs, %\@\ 25 per crate for
Tun-.a and $2 50@3 for Indio; Cantaloupes, $2 25
@2 50 per crate.
basket for early common and 35@60c per box
and 30<gtt0c ' per .basket for Crawfords.
- S NECTARINES— White, 50@75c per box ; Red,
H@i 25. ¦ •¦ ¦ • - , -- : .„• ¦
- PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@50cper box;
Bartletts, 85c@$l 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-J3®5 per- chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
CCRRANTS— $3@5 per chest.
FIGS— Black, 40@50c per box for single and
65c@$l for double layers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
Toledo L963.714 .... 11.0
Galveston 5,714,000 32.2
Houston 7,809,596 68.2 ....
Macon. Ga 154.000 12.9
Evansville 947,732 41.3 ....
Little Rock 551,771 41.6
Helena -640,594 11.4
Springfield. Ill 4S3.76S 17.9
Colorado Springs... 638.S51 ....
Youngstown 367.077 21.1 ....
¦Wheeling, W. Va.. 624,975 '
¦W'ilkesbarre, Pa... 677.280'
Totals U. 8 ?2,040,373,610 27.5
Totals outside N.
Y 676,251,013 5.9
DOMINION OP CANADA.
Montreal |15.1S4,764 19.9
Toronto 11,692,174 8.6
"Winnipeg 2,050,299 .... 6.2
Halifax 1,«S7,OS1 20.2 ....
Hamilton 754,678 7.7
St. John, N. B 772.371 ....
Vancouver 1,021,706 23.6
Victoria, B. C 437,513 .... 27.8
Quebec ...- 1,578,825 .... ....
Totals $33,700,586 12.4
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Articles — Open. High.
"Wheat No. 2 —
July 64% €5%
September 66 66%.
December 67% G8% *
Corn No. 2 — *
July 44% 45%
September 46% 48
December 45% 46%
Oats No. 2—
July 27 28%.
September 27% 29
May 30% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 13 80 13 85
September 13 90 14 10
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 8 37% 8 52%
September 8 42% 8 60 .
October 8 40 8 55 .
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
July 7 75 7 87%
September .7 82% 7 97%
October 7 75 7 90
Low. Close.
64% 65%
. 65% 66%
67% 68%
44% 4614
46% 47%
45 46%
27 28%
27% 29
S0% 31%
13 75 13 80 '
13 90 14 05
8 37% 8 62%
8 42% 8 57V-
8 40 8 55
7 75 7 85
7 82% 7 95
7 75 7 87%
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ; 27,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 86,000 309,000
-orn, bushels ....136,000 131,000
D&ts, bushels ...168.000 . 432,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 : 46,000
Barley, bushels ....'.' 6,000 1,000
THE COAST RECORD.
At
STATION'S. | fill |o ff
Ktorfa 30.08 6* 60 "W Clear 0
;aker 29.90 86 46 SE Clear 0
arson 29.90 92 46 W Clear 0
;ureka 30.04 68 4S NW Pt Cldy 0
Teeno 29.80 102 60 SW Clear 0
lagstaff 29.96 88 42 "W Clear 0
ocatello, Idaho.29.94 SS 42 EW Clear . 0
....29.76 94 66 S Clear 0
/is Angeles 29.86 80 54 W Clear 0
hoenix 29.68 110 72 W Clear 0
ortland 29.96 80 54 E Clear 0
ed Bluff 29. SO 100 61 SB Clear 0
oseburg 29.92 SS 48 N Clear «
icrameato 29.82 96 60 SW Clear 0
alt Lake 30.00 S4 50 ICW Clear 0
an Francisco.... 29.f 2 T4 50 rw Clear 0
an L.uiE Oblspo.29.S4 86 46 S Clear 0
m Diego 29.66 68 58 KW Clear 0
eattle 30.02 76 56 N Clear 0
pokane 29.94 84 50 S Clear 0
eah Baj' 30.08 60 50 XXV Clear 0
uma 29.72 106 72 "W Clear 0
'alia Walla 29.88 92 56 "W Clear 0
•innemucca 29.84 90 44 SVT Clear 0
Tempera. ture— 7 a- m., 61 degrees.
ECIALi FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
~~ 3 S 0 2 t?
. % *5P JjJ J^t" ;JP C^
STATION'S. Ih1| <= |* ?S
¦ • ¦__
¦mo 101 55 S Clear 0
ira T2 54 Clear 0
lose 99 64 Calm Clear 0
l Maria SO 47 Clear 0
92 48 Clear 0
ster SO 47 Clear 0
THE COAST RECORD.
At
STATION'S. | fill |o ff
Ktorfa 30.08 6* 60 "W Clear 0
;aker 29.90 86 46 SE Clear 0
arson 29.90 92 46 W Clear 0
;ureka 30.04 68 4S NW Pt Cldy 0
Teeno 29.80 102 60 SW Clear 0
lagstaff 29.96 88 42 "W Clear 0
ocatello, Idaho.29.94 SS 42 EW Clear . 0
....29.76 94 66 S Clear 0
/is Angeles 29.86 80 54 W Clear 0
hoenix 29.68 110 72 W Clear 0
ortland 29.96 80 54 E Clear 0
ed Bluff 29. SO 100 61 SB Clear 0
oseburg 29.92 SS 48 N Clear «
icrameato 29.82 96 60 SW Clear 0
alt Lake 30.00 S4 50 ICW Clear 0
an Francisco.... 29.f 2 T4 50 rw Clear 0
an L.uiE Oblspo.29.S4 86 46 S Clear 0
m Diego 29.66 68 58 KW Clear 0
eattle 30.02 76 56 N Clear 0
pokane 29.94 84 50 S Clear 0
eah Baj' 30.08 60 50 XXV Clear 0
uma 29.72 106 72 "W Clear 0
'alia Walla 29.88 92 56 "W Clear 0
•innemucca 29.84 90 44 SVT Clear 0
Tempera. ture— 7 a- m., 61 degrees.
ECIALi FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
~~ 3 S 0 2 t?
. % *5P JjJ J^t" ;JP C^
STATION'S. Ih1| <= |* ?S
¦ • ¦__
¦mo 101 55 S Clear 0
ira T2 54 Clear 0
lose 99 64 Calm Clear 0
l Maria SO 47 Clear 0
92 48 Clear 0
ster SO 47 Clear 0
Articles — Open. High.
"Wheat No. 2 —
July 64% €5%
September 66 66%.
December 67% G8% *
Corn No. 2 — *
July 44% 45%
September 46% 48
December 45% 46%
Oats No. 2—
July 27 28%.
September 27% 29
May 30% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 13 80 13 85
September 13 90 14 10
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 8 37% 8 52%
September 8 42% 8 60 .
October 8 40 8 55 .
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
July 7 75 7 87%
September .7 82% 7 97%
October 7 75 7 90
Low. Close.
64% 65%
. 65% 66%
67% 68%
44% 4614
46% 47%
45 46%
27 28%
27% 29
S0% 31%
13 75 13 80 '
13 90 14 05
8 37% 8 62%
8 42% 8 57V-
8 40 8 55
7 75 7 85
7 82% 7 95
7 75 7 87%
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ; 27,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 86,000 309,000
-orn, bushels ....136,000 131,000
D&ts, bushels ...168.000 . 432,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 : 46,000
Barley, bushels ....'.' 6,000 1,000
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—^-OF THE — -
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on tha 21st day of December, A. D.,
1900, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in. Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS. " '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $1,089,175 00
Cash in Company's Office 2,358 30
Cash in Banks 100,327 60
Interest due arid accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,295 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion J 253.140 38
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 30,932 01
Total Assets JL 478,229 12
LIABILITIES. — - — -
Losses adjusted and unpaid $53,553 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 44,890 41
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,342 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $763,269 69;
reinsurance 50 per cent 381,634 85
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
ning more than one year, $385,-
432 55: reinsurance pro rata 222,720 64
All other Liabilities 61,878 24
Total Liabilities $766.020 57
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 5341,557 63
Received for interest on Bonds and
. Mortgages 759 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 41,956 72
Total Income $3S4,403 52
EXPENDITURES. , -
Net amount raid for Fire Losses f
(including $64,740 05, losses of pre-
' vious years) $694,234 11
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage k\ 195,654 30
Paid for Salaries, Pees, and other
charges for officers', clerks, etc 63,204 31
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 29,086 46
All other payments and expendi-
tures 54,530 16
Total Expenditures $1,035,719 34
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $564,825 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $180,163,849 $l,3S0,4SS 77
Net amount of Risks
exnired durins the
year 165.SS4.972 1,205,193 79
Net amount in force
December 31. 1300 149.664,207 1,148.702 24
GEO. S. A. YOUNG. Frest.
"WALTER S. ALLEY, Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 6th
day of February, 1D01.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTBRIE & CO, .... . . Directors.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SanFrnnciscoto'San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 n. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 I), m.
SUNDAYS— S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Rat'asI toSah Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
i and 6:35 ;>. 111.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.-
Leave I In Effect I Arrive -
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40~arn 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
.5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
I Fulton. ~~: '
7:30 am . - Windsor. ¦ 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
I Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala f 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm| Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
5.30 pm I 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am| - 10:40 amllO:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pmj
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:20 am| 8:00 am| 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
. 3:30 pmj 5:00 pmj Sebastopol. ] 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville ¦ for Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland SDrinzs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springy, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springa; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, L!erley*s, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, -wants. Laytonville, Cummins,
•Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
- and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate's.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
;,-;'-"¦¦ Building. ..-.;.
H.'C WHITIXC. • R.?X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.v
AUCTION SALES
NOW IS THE ACCEPTED TIME— NO
NEED TO WAIT FOR OTHER SALES.
£fc AUCTION SALE
of »
50 head of BROKEN' WORK. DRIVING and
DRAFT HORSES, suitable for A>?Y PUR-
POSE. Bein^ the THIRD consignment from the
ranches of J. W. CHURCHILL. Esq.. Yreka.
To be sold on
MONDAY, JULY 8, 1901,
¦ At 11 a. m. at
SALESTART5. 1732 MARKET STREET.
Cor. VAN NESS AVE.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Successors to Kllllp & Co.
Horses now at Yard.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !•>»*•• null »r» •«• »o arrlf" ••»
man ru.tN4:iM:«>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LIATX — FftOtf JVSX 16. 1801. — ABKITB
7:00a Bsnicla. Suianu, Elmira. V*ca»illo,
lluinaey aud Sacra men to 6:S3r
~ :3t> A 7.1 artluez. San Uauion. Vallajo. N»p»,
Calistog* and 8ant» Bou a:23p
8:00a Davis. Woodland, Knignta Landtag,
Mirjsvilie. oro?ille.. 7i33r
8:00a Atlantic Kt press- Ogdeu and East 12:23?
ft:<»»A XUes. Lathrop. Stockton 3:2>f
»s«Oa Miles, Mtmdota. Hanfoxd. ViaalK
Porterrtlle 4sO3*
SsS'ja Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (tot
Bartlett Spring!), Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland... 7:33r
»iS»»S»a .luse, I.ifermore. Stockton,
lone. .Saeraineuto. PlaoerTllia.
ll«rys»ill», Cblco, ltert lltutf 4:23r
S:3Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemita). So-
nora. Carter* 4s»."»r
U:OOa Hay ward, Nilea and Way SUtlcui.. 1 1 !•"»» \
B.-o»a Vallejo 1SJ23P
ItsttUA Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Latlirop. Mtocktou, Merced
Kroniio *»<I Los Ar^roles .......... 7:23 P
Os3Oa Vaii^jn. nlartiiiez aud Way Station* 7>33r
IOsOOa The Overland Limited — Ogdeu, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago OtiISp
fliOOp Sacramento Kit er Uteioiier* J3:»ij\
2t30p Iiayward, NUps >unl Way Station*.. 7:33p
4<u»r lieuicla. Winters. Hacrametila, -
Woodland, KntRlits landing.
Mnry»*ill«, OrotUlo IO:SVi
4:n»r Martinex. Han Uainon. Vallejo.
Niiuii. (JaliatngK. HauU Itom »i»5\
4:00p Nile*. LIvsriuore, Stockton, Lodl... 12;Jt3r
4i:K>l- Hayward, Nl!e«, Han .lonf, Livtrmoro (A:A3a
4:3<>p I'ort Coa'a. Tracy, JLatbrop, Stockton 1O:23a
¦ 3:WOr Tha Owl Limited— Fresm., Tulare.
Ba.kerstiel.1. .Saugtia for Santa U*r-
bara, Los Angeles 8:33a
3:00p Martin'z, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno l«:23p
3:O«p Yosemits 1*»*3»
3>3Or New Orleans Express— Mendota.
Fresno, Bakerscald. Los Angeles.
Dtming:, £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East 7i»3a
6:A0p Iiayward, Nile* ami 3au Jose >»O9a
i«:O«p Valleji. ll:23f
tt:O»r Oriental Mall— Ogilen, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 12:23p
SiOOp Oriental Mail— Ogdea, Denter,
Bt. Louis. Chicago. 4:23p
7sOOp Oregon aud California Mxi reim.Hao-
. rammito. Murys.ille. Uwltllng,
Portland, l'uget Mound mill Kaak Ss33*
SsASp San Pablo. Port Coata, Martlaes
and Way Citations '. 11:23a
tH:05r> V»1H» 7i5»r
COAST IilNE (Narrow <lan S o).
(Foot «.t Market Street.)
{7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion to Ainta Cnu
and Principal Way Stations JS:«3p
8:15a Neirark.U«nt<:rTilIe,.San,)ofttt,iret!ton.
ISoulderCreelr.SautaCrusaiid Way
Htatioim 3i3i>r>
taiISp Newark, Centerville. San .lose. New
Almadeu. Felton. r.euldsr Ureefc.
Santa Cruz mud Principal Way
Stations l»i."H>.»
4:l3p Newark. Hau Joso, Los GaVos t*:a«>A
c t:15p Glenwood-BonlderCreelr. 3»ntaCra» «»«30a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAS mxCIiCO— Fool of Mirkat Street (Slip 8)—
17:13 U:00 11:00a. M. 1:33 3:03 3:13i\M.
yroiaOHUHD— F«ol «r Bri«dw«j.— |B:00 ta;0O 18:03
10:00 t.u. 12:00 2:03 1:03 r.u.
COAST IjIXE (Br«a.l «an S e).
(Third and TownsatH) Sta.)
«>:I»a San Joseand Way rttationa.. ........ «:S<H-
47:«Oa Hau Jowand Way Stations IsHO?
/7:«»»A New Atmadeu /4tl0r
;7:.k>a Sunday Excursion for San Jcse,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations $3:30?
SiQOa Hun .lone, Tres Pinos. Hunt* Vx»z,
Pacific Crofe, Calinau. San Loll
Gbiapo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations........ 7:3l»p
10:30a San Jose aud Way Station* 4:lOp
I I:8O A Man .loss and Way Stations Si»«r
f8: 'lap Sau Mateo, Kednooil, Menlo Park.
Palo Aito. Santa Clara. >Siwi .lose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific Grove...... (IA:43a
3:»*r Ban Jose aud Way Stations 6:3»a
H:I3> Sau Joseand Principal Way Stations !»:-13a
t .»:»>« p Sam Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations fSsOO*
5:3«p San.lnsa and Principal Way Stations S:36a
fl:«Op Ksdwoid, Han Jose, Gilroy. Salioas,
S.vifta Barbara, Los Angeles 1O:O»a
C:OOp Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Giore,
Loxpoc 1O:OOa
G::iOp 3an Joae and Way Stations t* :O "A
qll:-t5pSan Jose and Way Stations 7»3Oy
A for Morning. P f or A fteruoon.
t Sunday excepted. J Snnday only.
(l Saturday only. e Monday.
c Saturday » n 1 Snnday. / Tuesdays and Trlday.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local lL.inVdTovrrd| Local
I Dally I * I Dally | Dally
L>v. San Fran 7:20 a 9:C0a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
** Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
. " Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia .. 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakersf'ld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:Q0p
a for mornlngf. p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored en this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at
5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfialcl Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin "Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land^
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 3:30. »9:30. U:0O a. sa.
12:43, *1:43, 3:13. 4:15. 5:15, *6:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael en Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :C0. 8:00, *9:00, *10:00. 11:00 11 -JO
a. m.. 12:45, »l:30, 2:30, *3:45. 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p. in. 11.00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
. Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.. *12:25. 1:13. 2:20, *3:33.4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:CO p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:C0. 9:45, MliOO a. m.. *12
m., 1:CO, 2:15, *3:30, 4:30, *5:1Z, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Traina marked (•> start from San Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30 a.
m., 12:35, 1:45. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
1:20, 2:30 3:45. 5:00, 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20, 2:30, 3:43. 5,:C0, 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
tlons.* >
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:1S p. m. week days ( Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via StOMtho Ferrj— Foot sf Miriet St.
™f £>.... WEEK DAYS..... $?¦•«*-£
i?S A A :£ «wiu» jgEt-'
-130 p.m. j 5:50 p.m.
230 P. M.J ( 7:10 P.M.
Pare. Saa Pnraatasa ts Sammlt and Hstmrn. 1 1 *»
TICfcet Offices. 621 Market St.; &. Sapsalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6H9 KEABXT ST. Established "
in 1854 for the treatment of PrivHtu
Diseases. I^st Manhood. Debllltv or
disease wearingon body and mind ami
Skin Diseases. TheDoctorcnreswl.en
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<nrr«snarantrrd. Callorwrita.
iir. J. i". VIliC».\,^u Fraacisco, CuUneighbors declare, but the story of Mrs.
Smith's actions and her refusal to step
outside of the door of her own dwelling
has been the subject of neighborhood gos
sip.
WOMAN RECLUSE OF OAKLAND AND HER HUSBAND, WHO SEEKS
TO HAVE HER EXAMINED FOR INSANITY BECAUSE OF HER PE
CULIAR MANIA FOR REMAINING SECLUDED.
One little word of love to the living is
worth all the eloquent encomiums pro
nounced above the coffin' of the dead.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The following mar
riage ~ licenses were Issued at the County
Clerk's offlce to-day: , *«¦;
«Peter Kirl of San Francisco, aged 28, to
marry. Genevieve "Walter of • San ¦ Fran
cisco, 22; Carl E. Jacobson of Oakland,
aged 36, to marry Sarah J. Rlsse of Oak
land, aged .48; James Bell of Berkeley,
aged . 67, to marry Alice Brannan of
Berkeley, aged 50; Fritz Wahlin of San
Francisco, aged 25, to marry Josephine
MacClain of San Francisco, aged 26;
Samuel Elwood of Berkeley, aged 27, to
marry Helen D. Gillanders of Oakland,
aged 19. .": C : r - .
Oakland Marriage Licenses,
ALAMEDA, July S.-^Little Freda ' Ged
dersky was frightfully burned about the
body to-night while playing about a bon
fire which she with a number of other
little ones had built on Eagle avenue, near
Grant street. , , ' '
' The little girl was wearing a dress made
of light material, which caught fire from
a spark from the pile of exploded fire
crackers with which they had made the
fire -
Her playmates threw her to the ground,
as they - saw that they could not extin
guish the flames with their hands, and
covered her with sand. The little one was
badly burned, however, before they suc
ceeded in putting out the blaze. She was
taken to her home nearby , and medical
aid. summoned. -Her chances of recovery
are slight. . '
Spark Ffom Blaze Ignites Child's
Light Dress and Inflicts
Severe Injuries.
FPEDA GEDDERSKY BUHNED
WHILE PLAYING NEAR FIBE
Cured of 16 to 1 Craze.
A Honduras correspondent writes:
"Having - occasion to use some money in
the interior, I went to the local banker,
and, taking a single United States bill
from my vest pocket to purchase the
same, was asked: 'Is your mule at the
door?' My reply was, 'He Is ready.' And
for the single bill, weighing less than one
quarter of an ounce,, I was obliged to load
the mule with 150 pounds of silver money
and transport it some ninety miles into
the Interior. Surely, the 16 to 1 doctrine Is
soon knocked out of even the most rabid
man after a short experience in this coun
try, and you can't get rid of the burden,
as the entire business is" carried, on with
this silver currency."— Boston Herald.
On receiving the letter the fortunate
ycung man resorts to the old-time expe
dient of holding it near the fire, and im
mediately the writing becomes visible,
traced delicately in lines of blue. Where
this new invention claims superiority to
anything of the kind hitherto offered is
In its extreme simplicity. Also, the pa
per is in convenient commercial shape
ana.Triot least important, the writing does
not fade or deteriorate— a common diffi
culty with most "sympathetic" manu
script.
The paper is prepared by soaking it in
soluble salts of cobalt, after which the
cobalt is rendered insoluble by dipping the
paper into sodium carbonate.
Now an Inventor proposes to make
things agreeable for lovers by putting on
the market a superior kind of "paper for
secret writing," as he calls it, which will
be made of note size and packed in neat
boxes, accompanied by the requisite en
velopes. When a young lady wishes to
write to her heart's adored, and is anx
ious that outsiders shall not by any
chance become acquainted with the con
tents of her missive, sue simply dips her
pen in a. solution of salt and water, with
a little vinegar added, and in that harm
less and invisible medium indites her epis
tle.
DEVICE FOR LOVERS.
If a son, on receiving information of the
death of his father or mother, or a wife,
suppress such intelligence, and omits to
go into lawful mourning for the deceased,
such neglect shall be punished with sixty
blows and one year's banishment. If a
son or wife enters into mourning- in a
lawful mariner, but, previous to the expir
ation of the term, discards the mourning
habit, and, forgetful of the loss sustained,
plays upon musical instruments and par
ticipates in festivities, the punishment
shall amount for such offense to eighty
blows. Whoever, on receiving information
of the death of any other relative in the
first degree than above mentioned, sup
presses the notice of it and omits to
mourn, shall be punished with eighty
blows; if. previous to the expiration of
the legal period of mourning, for such
relative, any person casts away the
mourning habit and resumes his wonted
amusements, he shall be punished with
sixty blows. When any officer or other
person in the employ of the Government
has received intellleence of the death of
his father or mother, In- consequence of
which intelligence he is bound to retire
from the office during the period of
mourning, if, in. order to avoid such re
tirement, he falsely represents the de
ceased to have been his grandfather,
grandmother, uncle, aunt or cousin, he
shall suffer punishment of 100 blows, be
deposed from/office and be rendered in-'
capable of again entering Into the public
service. , " ¦ . • ' .
CHINESE MOURNING.
Glen Preston was beloved by his teach
ers and fellow-students at the Mount
Tamalpais Academy for his many ad
mirable attributes. He had just finished
his first year there and had three yeare
more to go before his graduation. His
former home was In "Waitsburg, "Wash.,
where he was born. His only relatives
are a brother and two sisters, his parents
being dead. The body will be taken to
Waitsburg for burial.
Drs. A. A. Stafford and H. G. Thomas
were given charge of the case and In the
interests of medical science they made a
careful study of its various * symptoms,
which they considered remarkable in
many respects. In spite of the physicians'
skill, however, the paralysis increased un
til the whole of the" brain was affected by
the disease. Then death ensued.
"It is one of the most unusual cases that
I have had to do with," said Dr. Stafford
this afternoon. "It was a cerebral dis
order that was undoubtedly caused by
over-study. The boy, who was not very
strong, overtaxed his strength by his
study until his brain became diseased
This Is the inevitable result of over
study." . ,
A little. more than a month ago young
Preston • succumbed to the over-exertion
of his .i#nd and body. He began to fail
rapidly/ The physicians at San Rafael
diagnosed his ailment and discovered that
he was the victim of an attack of pro
gressive brain paralysis. They advised
that he be brought to Alameda, where he
could receive skilled treatment at the
Alameda Sanatorium and be near his rela
tives.
at San Rafael, which he had been attend
ing for about a year. ;
From the time he entered the academy
young Preston was a zealous and am-\
bitious student. His natural bent was to
crowd as much into a day as possible, and
he gave up many hours to close applica
tion, which he might hare given to recre
ation. He pursued his studies with such
ardor that the attention of his teachers
was directed to his neglect of himself by
hi3 . failing health and they •warned him
that he must give at least a portion of his
time to recreation. He persisted, fhow
ever, in applying himself to his books,
deeming himself physically strong enough
to withstand the strain until the term
closed , and the vacation months came.
STUDENT WHOSE TOO GREAT APPLICATION TO HIS STUDIES AT
THE MOUNT TAMALPAIS MILITARY ACADEMY CAUSED HIS
[ DEATH IN AN ALAMEDA HOSPITAL.
Colonel Lovell H. Jerome, who has
broad shoulders and a deep chest and who
stands six feet flat In his stocking feet,
was riding up town in a Fifth avenue
stage last evening with a party of
friends. They got Into the stage at
Tenth street, and it was some time before
anymore passengers got aboard. Then a
young woman took a seat and soon after
several other passengers clambered in.
Amang them was a man dressed In the
latest fashion. He sat down next to the
young woman and put his arm on the
back of the seat, so that It rested on her
shoulders. Then he moved along so that
he wa3 sitting very close to her— much
closer than there was any need and very
evidently much closer than she wished.
Colonel Jerome rose and walked to the
young- woman. .- '..-*• " ' .*'¦
• "Won't you tnke my seat™ he askea.
taking off his hat. - /
"Thank you, I will," she said. •
The exchange was made and the colonel
sat down on the seat that she had left.
Part of him r,at on the young man, and
not very gently. ,
"Now, young man." said Colonel Jerome
In hi3 most agreeable' tone, "you can hug
me for a while."— New York Sun,
Now Hug He.
Joseph Stalder (formerly Joseph Stalder Jr.)
to Mary Stalder, lot on SE line of Twelfth
avenue. 175 NE of East Eighteenth street, NE
31:3 by SE 150. block 111. same. East Oakland:
grift. —
Charles Sladky to Bernard and Katy Gold
smith, lot on W line of Spauldln? avenue, 252:3
S of Addison street, S 129.25 by W 53, being the
N S3 feet of lot 9, block 2, Spauldlng Tract.
Berkeley; also lot on W line of Spauldlng ave
nue, 505:2 S of Addison street. N 200 by W
129.25. lots 12, 13 and IS, and portion lot 9,
block 2, same, Berkeley; $10.
William A, and Harriet N. Rlstenpart to
Homestead Loan Association, lot on W line of
Ellsworth street 220 S of Allston way, W 136.21
by S 50, block 6. reap of Villa Lots adjoining
the university on the south. Berkeley; also lot
on W line of Sacramento street, 130 S of Uni
versity avenue, "W 1S8, S 150, E 92, N 153, to be
ginning, block 1, Shaw Tract Berkeley; $10.
A. A. Fink to Mary E. Vader, lot on JTW
corner of Shattuck avenue and College way.
W 83.93, N 39.40, E 86.71. S 40 to beginning, lot
1, block S, amended map of. Sea View Park.
Berkeley; $10.
Jacob and Hannah J. Bash to David S. Wel
leford, lot on .W corner of Mason and Ellis
streets. "W 120 by N 39:3. block 1. map of lands
of Resent Street Homestead Association.
Berkeley; $10.
Jean B. Marin and Adele Perclval to Adam,
and Mary B. Jeffreys, lot on S line of Addison
street. 673 E from center Una of Sherman, D
E0 by S 334.62. lot 14, block 1. Shattuck Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Margaret E. Evans to Lillian 1L Zahn. lots
5 to 7. 18 to 20, block I>. map of property of
Berkeley Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Continental Building and -Loan Association
to Adelbert T. Hay, lot 13 and N half of lot
12. block C. Fruitvale Station Tract. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
C. W. and Flora B. Plnkerton to Charles E.
Kezes, beginning at a point on N"W lino of lot
8. block 61, map of Town of Alameda. distant
66:8 from N line of lot 8, thence N 33:4 feet,
thence E 35, S 33:4, W 35, to beginning:, being
block 61, Alameda; $10.
Manuel S. Jr. and Rose L. Plres to Edward
Salz, all Interest in lot 23. block 178. map of
Town of Newark, map filed May 6, 1S78, "Wash
ington Township; $10.
Jennie Anson (widow) to A. H. Duncombe
(single), lot on N line of Parsons street, 430:1
E of Park. E <0. N 90:10, W 40, S 90.876. to be
ginning, being E 20 feet of lot 24 and W 20
feet of lot 23. block C, Gaskill Tract. Oak
land: $10.
William and Kate Heyer to Anton HJelte, all
interest In lot on N line of Eleventh street, 100
E of West. E 25 by N 100. block 152, Kellers
berger"s Map. Oakland; $10.
Kate W. and Edwin C. Southworth to L. C.
Morehouse, lot on NE corner of Broadway and
Thirteenth street, N 50 by E 100. lots 1 and 2
and portion lot 28, block 131, Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland; $10.
Charles Achard to Lillle D. Achard, lot on S
line of Eleventh street. 100 E of Franklin, E
50 by S 75. portion lots 10 and 11. block 142.
Oakland: also lot on E line of Brush . street.
75 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 75, portion block
2S7. Oakland; $10.
K. V. Fraga (wife of J. V.) to Annie V. Fa
gevido (wife of Joe), undivided % interest In
subdivision B of lot 5, block 800, Map No. 2
"Watts Tract. Oakland: $10.
Willie C. and LllUe G. Moran and H. A'. '•
Johnson (single) to J. McDonald, lot on N line
of Ashby street, 40 W of Newbury. W 49 by X
100. lot 7, block A, Adeline Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Armin O. Leuschner (single) to John F. Sims,
lot on W line of Prospect street, 350 S of Chan
ning way, S 60 by W 200. portion lot 5. block
B map subdivision block B, Berkeley proper
ty. Berkeley; $10.
Elizabeth B. Fish (widow) to Lizzie R. and
B. F. Whitton, lot on N line of Channing way.
82:7 E of Mllvia street. E 50 by Jt 130. portion
lots 21 and 23, block 2, Barker Tract, Berke-
Lizzie' R. and B. F. Whltton to Edward Kll
well, same, Berkeley; $10.
Fanny S. Beardslee (single) to C. O. Dull,
lot on N line of College way. 48 E of Shattuck
avenue E 48 by N lSS^i, block A, Perc7
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
. James Kane fslngle) to Andrew Johnson, lot
on E line of Fourth street, 320 N of Halght
avenue E 290 by N 109:6. portion lot 10. Wood
ward's'survey of acre lots, Alameda; $10.
Mrs. M. J. White to Elizabeth Dilsaver
(widow) lot 24. block C, map of the Anspacner
Tract, a resubdivlslon of a portion of the Hay
ward Tract, Town of Haywards. Eden Town
ship; $10. ¦_ •_
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
/ Alameda County.
John "W. and Gertrude E. Ledgett to Ed
znond Flynn, lot on S line of Fourth street, 150
E of Brush, E 1:6 by S 100, block 25 Kellers
berger's Map, Oakland; $10.
F. H. and Louie J. Bice to S*. il. .Smith, lot
on NE line of East Twenty-tMrd street, SO SE
of Seventh avenue, SB 10O by NE 150. block 144
Clinton, Bast Oakland; 510.
H. D. Brown to same, all Interest In lot on
E corner of East Twenty-third street and
Eighth avenue NE 150 by SE 100, blcck 144,
Clinton, East Oakland; also lot on S corner of
East Twenty-fourth street and Ninth avenue.
SE 150 by SW 150, block 143, same. East Pak
land; $10. ' . * • .
The fire at which the rescue occurred
was In the Hlnken residence, at Nine
teenth avenue and East Fourteenth street.
It was discovered at 2 o'clock this morn-
Ing by H. Morgan, ! a neighbor, who
aroused the sleeping family within and
then turned in an alarm to the fire de
partment. Going back to the house Mor
gan found It a mass of flames. The neigh
bors, who were drawn to the scene by the
alarm, were congratulating the members
of the Hinken family on their escape,
when It was suddenly discovered that no
one had brought the youngest child, a
baby but a few months old, from, the up
per room, where it slept. The- mother,
screaming in frenzy, rushed toward the
front entrance, where the flames .were
blazing fiercely, but was restrained by
pitying hands. Morgan instantly volun
teered to make the attempt to reach the
infant's cradle, and W. King, another
neighbor, accompanied him. The two dis
appeared in the furnace-like Interior,
while the crowd waited .for the result.
After a few minutes they could be seen
groping their way down the tottering
stairway, bearing a dark bundle. It was
the baby, wrapped in one of tb«- men's
coats. J The child was uninjured, but both
its rescuers were badly scorched and half
overcome by the smoke and heat. While
they were being revived the floor of the
second story fell with a crash.
The fire department Was unable to do
more than prevent the flames from
spreading to adjoining structures.
The loss on the Hinken house is $2000,
partially insured. The fire is supposed to
have been due to carelessly handled fire
works.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 5.
Through roaring flames and blinding
smoke two heroes ventured to save the
life of a child at an East Oakland fire
early this morning and restored the little
one to its mother's arms just as tha burn-
Ing building collapsed. A few moments
later and they must have perished, with
the child for whom they risked their livea.
Infant Restored to Anns of
Frantic Mother as the "
Building PelL
Morning Conflagra-
Heroic Rescue at Early
RISKING LIVES
TO IE J CHILD
She— When- are you going to see papa?
"I don't know. Every time I have called
at his office he has been in."— Life. ; .
OAKLAND, July 5— The retail grocers
of Alameda County will organize a pro
tective association to be affiliated with
the State association.
A meeting 1 for that purpose has been
called for Monday evening, July 8, at
Gler's HalL Addresses will be delivered
by representatives of the State associa
tion and the San Francisco branch of
the organization.
Retail Grocers to Organize.
cia who was drowned twelve days ago
at that place while he was trying to res
cue three young women from the water
has been recovered off Vallejo. The
funeral of the young man will be held
Sunday afternoon at 2, o'clock from the
family residence, 157 Sixth street, and
thence to the Church of, the Immaculate
Conception. ". •'_
HAjBBY SHERRY'S BODY
:> HAS BEEN RECOVERED
Funeral Services to B© Held Sunday
From the Family *; Residence
, . in Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The body of Harry
S. Sherry, the telegraph operator at Beni-
W. W. White' » HH1178 mrrived 9:50%: dis
tance 163 miles 574 yards, flyingr at an average
£l»eed of 1103.47 yards per minute.
J. A. Rogers' HH1205 arrived 9:52#; distance
163 miles 9S7 yards, flying; at an average speed
of 1096.52 yards per minute.
G«orpe D. Lubben's HH1089 arrived 9:56%:
distance 165 miles 336 yards, flying at an aver
age speed of 1087.18 yards per minute.
A. Lernhart's HH1098 arrived 10:33Vi; dis
tance 180 miles 5 yards., flying at an average
speed of 1044.69 yards per minute.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The third of a se
ries of young bird races of the Pacific
Pigeon Club was flown yesterday from
Red Bluff, a distance of 163 miles. There
were thirty-three homing pigeons from
five lofts released at 5:30 o'clock in the
morning. The records lor the race are as
follows:
Bed Bluff Establishes a
New Record.
The Pacific Pig«on Club's Race From
YOUNG HOMING BIRDS
IVTATTR Ai GOOD 'FLY
Physicians Prescribe Long Period of
¦ Quiet, and Best as Essential to
Becovery.
OAKLAND, July 5.— Judge Frank B.
Ogden of the' Superior Court is rallying
from the attack of appendicitis which has
for the past five days demanded constant
medical attendance. Dr. G. F. Chalmers
one of the physicians summoned to wait
upon 1 Judge Ogden, gave Out an an
nouncement to-day stating that the pa
tient's temperature showed improvement
but^ that he Is so weak from the violent
attack. that a long period of absolute
rest and quiet Is imperatively needed to
restore him to health.
"Judge Ogden is still a very sick man,
but the Indications are that the crisis is
passed," said Dr. Chalmers. "Such an
attack as his is a serious thing for any
system to bear, and his was all run down
when he was seized." . .
STJTERIOR JUDGE OGDEN
RALLIES PROM ILLNESS
With half a dozen knife wounds in his
face John Scollard, a teamster, was
dragged out of Koenig's saloon. Twenty
third avenue and East Fourteenth street,
at .9:30 o'clock to-night, while John Bla
ker, a fellow teamster, waited on the
street corner for a policeman to come
along and arrest him as the knife wielder.
Blaker had asked Scollard to lend him a
nickel. There was a quarrel and Scollard
knocked Blaker down. The men were sep
arated, but returned to the fray a few
minutes later, After receiving a second
blow on tha jaw that felled him, Blaker
pulled a knife from his pocket and hacked
his antagonist in the face. Dr. Holmes
sewed up the wounds, which are not dan
gerous. Blaker surrendered to Policeman.
Morrison and was sent to the City Prison
The men reside at Twenty-third avenue.
They are both young. , .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July -5.
John Scollard Severely
Stabbed About the
Face.
PETTY QUARREL
ENDS SERIOUSLY
BERKELEY, July 5.— Mismated horses,
frightened and unmanageable, backed a
wagon full of campers over a thirty-foot
cliff last evening and nearly killed two
women and children. They were pinned
underneath the overturned vehicle.
The accident took place on the Briones
Valley road near Bear Valley In Contra
Costa County. The party consisted of
James Hamilton, who was driving; Mrs.
Hamilton and her three children of Dela
ware street, near Shattuck avenue; Miss
Annie Monroe and Otto Brodt of West
Berkeley. That any of them escaped with
their lives is remarkaBle. As it is, every
one in the party received injuries; some
of a serious nature.
The 'bus was owned by V. Sherman of
Dwight way and was drawn by a team
of two horses. One of the horses was
loaned by Philip Monroe, whose daughter
was one of the unfortunate campers. The
animal was not used to being driven
double, and on coming to a narrow place
in the road, started to back over the bank.
Hamilton was unable to check the horses
before the wagon was beyond control.
Had it not been for the bushes, which
broke the fall, fatal results would have
followed the tumble. With the assistance
of passing teamsters the wagon was lifted
to the road and the horses hitched again.
The bruised party were able to resume
their journey to their friends, where they
received treatment for their injuries.
Berkeley Camping Party
Narrowly Escapes
Death.
BACKS A WON
OVER A CLIFF
OAKLAND, JulyS.— "Sixteen months
ago my wife made a vow she would
not leave our home again, volun-"
tartly, and from that day to this
she has kept to her strange deter
mination."
Such was the complaint whlc^ aged Pat
rick Smith lodged against his spouse to
day when he applied to Justice of the
Peace James G. Quinn ror a warrant for
Mrs. Smith's arrest as insane. The pe
culiarity of the husband's story 1/sd the
authorities to make investigation and the
warrant will not be issued pending further
inquiry into the case.
Out on Hollis, near B street is the mod
est dwelling where Smith, his erratic wife
and their 14-year-old son reside. He is a
pioneer of the locality, and, by years of
frugality and • hard work, accumulated
enough to acquire the home in which Mrs.
Smith has for more than a year been a
voluntary prisoner. There is no complaint
on the husband's part that their life to
gether has not been of the happiest. They
are a humble, quiet couple, so all of th©
"But it seems to me she has become pos
sessed of a fear that if she leaves the
place for a minute I will try to dispose
of It. Only to-day a visitor at the house
aroused her suspicions and she accused
me of Intending to part with our place."
The husband admitted willingly that his
wife had not displayed violent tendencies
and that he had no fear she would do any
dangerous act. He asserted he would give
much to know what had possessed her of
the desire to remain a prisoner in her own
home. Mrs. Smith refused to offer any
explanation upon the subject.
"She is unwilling to meet strangers,"
explained her husband.
"Neither to myself nor to others who
might happen to come here will my wife
utter one word that will solve the mys
tery of her vow," continued Smith. "It
is still more peculiar that she displays all
of the affection natural to a mother to
ward our son, and I could not find a cause
for complaint if I tried to. All I want Is
to have the doctors pass officially on her
mental condition, because I cannot believe
a sane woman would do what she has been
worrying me about all these months."
not see that she is suffering physically,
and I must confess that physicians have
told me that she is not insane.
Of I the inhabitants of - Buda-Pesth 23.6
per cent (166,133) are Israelites. . .
Eden Lodge, F. and. A. M., of San Lean
dro. Among otter organizations repre 7
sented were the Odd - Fellows, Workmen
and the Volunteer Veteran Firemen of
San Francisco. The Masonic ritualistic
burial rites were observed at the grave
in Mountain View Cemetery, as well- as
during the services at the Temple.
The pallbearers were representatives of
the organizations with which the deceased
hotel man had been affiliated. They were
William Johnson, F. Pimentel, D. Jack
son, John Gorman, . M. [ Geisenhof er and
D. D." Hayes. . '. - v »
rEATERlTAL HONOR FOR
THE DECEASED BONIFACE
Funeral Services of Joseph. P. Dieves
Are Held From the Masonic
Temple.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The funeral, of the
late Joseph P. Dieves, ; the pioneer .boni
face, was held this afternoon from the
Masonic Temple under the. direction of
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Warner, who have
been visiting the exposition at Buffalo and
other lage cities of the East for the past
five weeks, are expected to arrive in Oak
land about July 10.
Mr. and Mrs. Hawkins Taylo* of Wash
ington, D. C, will spend the summer in
Oakland- at the Hotel Metropole.
Miss Helen M. Dille is visiting friends
at Inverness, ¦ Her sister, Mrs. E. A.
Staniger, is. spending the summer months
in Monterey, where she will shortlybe
joined by Mrs. J. S.. Dille. .
Miss 'Alma Mitchell of East Oakland is
spending a few weeks at Glen Ellen with
the family of Judge Carroll Cook of San
Francisco. . ... .
Miss Louise Wakefield and her mother
have taken a cottage at Pacific Grove for
the summer. They expect to entertain a
number of friends while there.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Fannie V. Walde of Oakland and F. W.
Shimer, a San Francisco electrician. Miss
Walde is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
"Walde of Piedmont. There will probably
be a double wedding- at the Walde home
before the end of th© year, as the mar
riage of Miss Pauline Walde, whose
engagement was also recently announced,
will takft place at the same time.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter C. Williams of East
Oakland celebrated their "paper wedding"
recently. The house was decorated with
crepe paper, Bride roses and smilax. Mrs.
Williams was formerly Miss Grace Ral
eigh.
S. Huff, president of the Bank of San
Le-andro and a poneer resident of Alameda
County, celebrated his 74th birthday an
niversary Wednesday and- a number of
friends took advantage of the occasion to
surprise him. Among the guests were
Captain Roberts, Grove Roberts, L. C
Morehouse, Mr. Breck, Mr. Hook, Paul
Nippert, Horry Meek, Will Meek, Dr.
Clark and C. E. Palmer.
The choir is composed of the following:
Mrs. Jessie Brock- Morgan, Mrs. Alice
Leichsenring ¦ and Mis3 Pauline Peterson,
sopranos; Mrs. William Kelly and Miss
Minnie Peterson, altos; J. T. Shepherd,
tenor; George A. Flick and J. C. Walling,
bassos. Mrs. Adeline Johnson Wight pre
sides at the organ.
The following named are members of the
Oakland Orchestra: Miss Lois Menden
hall, Miss Miller, Miss. J. de Pass, Miss A.
de Pass, Mr. Mendenhall, Mr.' Ross, Mr.
Finkeldy, violins; Mr. Coley, viola; Mr.
Leber, clarionet;^ Mr. Wesley Adams and
Mr. Bain, cornets; Mr. B. McBaln, trom
bone; Mr. E. Finkeldy, bass, and Miss E.
Keck, piano. . •
Gloria (In C), from Twelfth Mass, Mozart,
Oakland Orchestra; anthem, tne Heavens De
clare the Glory of God, Goate; prayer by the
pastor. Rev. .William Kelly;" hymn. Before the
Lord We Bow (No. 537); soprano solo, Ave
Maria, Gounod. Mrs. Jessie Brock Morgan
(violin obligato, Mrs. Lois Mendenhall); hymn.
Star Spangled Banner, Francis Scott Key, or
chestra and congregation (Mr. Wesley Adams,
cornet); anthem, O Holy Father, Marchetti;
cornet solo, Lost Chord, Sullivan, Mr. Wesley
Adams; organ sentence; offerings; offertory,
violin solo, Cavaflna, Raff, Miss Lois Menden
hall ; hymn, America, Samuel Francis Smith,
orchestra and congregation; benediction; post
lude in F. Gounod, Mrs. Adeline Johnson
Wight.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The third evening
of feacred song, of which a series 13. being
given by the choir of the First English
Lutheran church, will take place Sunday
at the church, corner of Sixteenth and
Grove streets. The concerts are under
the direction of John C. "Walling- and the
class of music rendered makes them mu
sical treats. The soloists Sunday will be:
Mrs. Jessie Brock Morgan, soprano; Miss
Lois Mendenhall, violin; Wesley Adams,
cornet. The Oakland Orchestra, of fifteen
pieces, under the leadership of F. W. Tay
lor, will also assist. - The • following pro-,
gramme will be rendered:
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
In a signed statement issued by Brandes
to-day, with poetical accompaniment, the
writer, in the same opening paragraph,
hints and suggests that his wife or Har
vey,was responsible for the girl's death.
Yet he declares that the death was
suicide, hence out of the pale of the
criminal law. ,
The statementMs maudlin in sentiment
and inconsistent in argument, bo far as
the evidence is concerned. Brandes has
openly offered to sell for publication any
statement that might be desired of him
concerning the case.
"I need work, exercise, : fresh air and
sunlight," explained the prisoner to-day.
"That is why I will go to the" penitentiary
to serve my sentence. Or course, I shall
never be without hope that the Supreme
Court will give me another chance."
" Then he rambled off into an argument
in favor of the theory that ; his daughter
committed suicide, despite the theory of
his defense that the girl was murdered,
but not by him.
Hardly satisfied with that evident con
tradiction, Brandes sets out to cast sus
picion upon Watchman Harvey, now
dead, who was, at the first trial; an im
portant witness for the prosecution. *Mrs.
Brandes has. also been held up as a pos
sible murderess, and the entire line of the
defense was an effort to insinuate the
poison of suspicion into the minds of the
extraordinary twelve men that composed
the jury. Judge Ogden, in his final re
view of the case, said the evidence was
cold and clear that Brandes killed Lillian.
After nearly three years of confinement
in the county jail Brandes thinks he can
do no better than to change his quarters.
He says there will be an appeal from
Judge Ogden's order denying him a new
trial. But pending the decision of the
higher court, Brandes proposes to lose no
more time and to commence on his sen
tence.
¦William A. Brandes has decided, to-ac
cept the judgment of the court in im
posing the law's limit of ten years' im
prisonment upon his conviction for man
slaughter for the killing or his 13-year-old
daughter, Lillian. Brandes says he is
ready to don the convict stripes at Fol
som penitentiary, although in making up
his mind to begin to serve his term the
child-slayer does not give up all hope of a
chance of another trial. -.'.."..
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 5.
Writes Maudlin Sentiment to
Testify His Plea of In
nocence.
Child-Slayer Decides to
Go to the State
i Penitentiary.
BRIDES TO DON
, CONVICT DRESS
OVERSTUDY BRINGS DEATH
UPON AN AMBITIOUS YOUTH
Glen Colvin Preston, a Student of Mount
Tamalpais" Military Academy, Dies in an
Alameda Hospital of Cerebral Paralysis
Wife of Patrick "Smith Keeps for Sixteen
Months a Vow Never, to Leave Their Home,
but to Remain a Recluse Within its Walls
OAKLAND WOMAN'S STRANGE
MANIA PUZZLES HUSBAND
APPROVES THE
SIGN LICENSE
Mayor Barstow Puts
Into Force a New
Fee Measure.
Ordinance Imposes an An
nual Tax on Street
Advertising.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July E.
The first Important step by the present
City Council to provide increased revenue
for the- city outside of th© tax levy was
consummated to-day when Mayor Anson
Barstow signed an ordinance which Im
poses an annual license tax of $3 upon all
businesses, commercial, professional or
otherwise, which are conducted by the use
of a sign.
The enactment is known as the eign or
dinance. It makes no distinction as to
lines of business, the purpose of the
Council being to establish a licen se fee
which shall be exacted from all classes of
business. The framers of the ordinance
primarily had in view a move by jrhich
the city's treasury might be benefited
without singling out merely the traders
Jn merchandise as a special class that
ehould bear the burden of the tax.
In order to overcome that objection the
ordinance has been prepared to cover all
classes. Every firm, corporation or person
who uses a display sign of any descrip
tion in connection with its business will
pay the fee under the ordinance. It is
intended to compel a contribution from
real estate, insurance and all manners of
agents, doctorsr lawyers, dentists and the
like, besides the ordinary shopkeepers.
The measure also restricts the use of
pipiis and, it is expected, will have the
effect of clearing the business thorough
ir.res at many large and cumbersome dis
play signs and stands which are seen
every few feet in the heart of the city. '
The' Merchants' Exchange has not yet
decided what course to take with relation
io the new ordinance, and until the next
meeting of the board of directors no move
will be made, as they have been waiting
for the Mayor to act. There have been
unofficial objection to the ordinance
laised by the merchants.
COLLEGE GRADUATES
TO TEACH FTTYTPIiroS
Over Thirty Experienced Teachers
Ordered to Sail on Army Trans
port for Manila.
BERKELEY, July 5.— Mrs. May L.
Cheney, appointment secretary of the
">*niverslty of California, has announced
'.he following list of eighteen Berkeley
graduates who have been selected to
teach in the Philippines: Benjamin F.
Wright '97, Edward E. Christensen '00,
Thomas D. Mansfield '00, Irving Needham
f PS, Howard C. White '01, George A. Bond
•99, Thomas. A. Gamble 'S7, Archibald B.
Anderson *9S. William C. Spencer '00. Ray
Howeil '00. John A. Mackenzie '99, John A.
Gamroill '£8, Charlotte E. Neale '01, Do
lores Slachado '01, Euphemia Paxton '00,
Laura L. Donnelly '00, Gertrude llcVenn
'.% and Stella Price '97.
The following thirteen teachers, who
will also go to Manila, are graduates of
other universities or normal schools, but
have done graduate work at the Univer
sity of California; Charles E. Putnam,
Frederick W. Abbott. Lucy C. Mount,
Agnes Adams. Ava Lloy Galpin, Estelle
M. Murdoch. Lucile Keyes, Margaret C.
Thomas, Julia N. Abbott, Anna Dunlap,
Harriett A. Bowles, Benjamin C. Bleas
dale and George W. Campbell.
In addition positions have been offered
to five other graduates and graduate stu
dents, making a total of thirty-six posi
tions leferred to the university during the
first half of the year 1901. Ten teachers
were appointed during the year 1&00.
These appointees have orders to sail on
the army transport that leaves San Fran
cisco July 23.
NOTED METHODIST WILL
ADDRESS THE TYFAGTJE
Fcllo-wers of John Wesley Prepare
Reception to Delegates to Young
People's Convention- .
OAKLAND, July 5.— The Methodist
churches of this city are preparing two
events as Oakland's part of the great Ep
worth League Convention, one a lecture
by the Rev. Dr. James M. Buckley, edi
t'Jr of the Christinn Advocate of New
York, and the second a reception to the
fir-legates by the Methodist churches.
Dr. Buckley's lecture will be delivered at
the T. M. C. A. hall Monday evening,
July 15. He will speak on "The Peculiari
ties of Great Oratcrs."
The reception will take place on the day
following. The First Methodist .Church
will entertain the largest delegation pres
ent at the convention. It is expected that
Th!s will be the Iowa contingent.
Other delegations will be the guests of
the other branches of the denomination In
this city.
IATTVTET> BY CARELESSLY
THROWN FIRECRACKER
fouth Has an Eye Blown Out While
Watching: Parade on the
"j, — Fourth.
fiAKLAXD, July 5. — A cannon cracker
thrown by some miscreant during the
passage of the parade on Broadway last
right, exploded in the face of Ralph Whlt
rey. a 16-year-old boy. living 1 with his par
ents at 1510 West street, and lacerated one
eye so badly that the fluid escaped, per
manently destroying the organ.
Young Whitney and a number of com
pa.nions were Ftanding together on the
curb at the corner of Twelfth and Broad
way when the accident occurred. With the
uurioFt presence of mind the youth 'walked
to a nearby drug store, not supposing that
he was seriously injured. When he was
told that one eye was pone and that the
other might be sympathetically affeefbd
he grave way to grief.
In the crowd it was impossible to tell by
v.hom the bomb was thrown.
Professor Gayley Honored.
BERKELEY. July 5.— At the four hun
dred and fiftietn anniversary of the Uni
versity of Glaserow, held June 12, 13 and 14,
Charles Mills Gayley, professor of the
English language and literature Ja the
University of California, was given the
degree of LL.D. Ten Americans were
thus honored. !ncludlng Andrew Carnegie.
Borlini Divorce Suit Transferred.
OAKLAND. July 5.— The divorce suit of
Mrs. Marparet Olcese-Borlini has been
transferred to San Francisco for trial.
Mrs. Christine von der Helde has ob
tained a divorce from Henry von der
Heide on the ground of willful neglect 2nd
failure to provide. •¦• fl> M
' J : -- ' : - : :-: ¦ ' ' : ; _i— — — afflM^BBBft— m^*^*^^^^ _ •
THE SAX FRANCISCO-CALL,; SATURDAY, JULY fi, ; 19pi2
ALAMEDA, July 5.— Over-study and
mental over-exertion brought up
on Glen Colvln Preston of 1510
Benton street a stroke of cerebral
paralysis, from which'he died yes
terday afternoon at the Alameda Sana
torium. Preston, who was only 16 years
old, was considered the brightest student
at the Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
"Often I have tried to get her to go out,
but she has remained as firm as the day
she made her strange resolution. I can-
"We have been happy enough together,
but for this strange idea that has taken
possession of my wife," declared the puz
zled husband. "For the life of me I can
not understand it. It was sixteenth months
ago ehe came home one Sunday from
church and declared she would never stop
over the threshold of .the door again
while she lived.
11
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
is perfect cleanliness.
All Borts of people use it, all torts of stores
sell it, especially druggists. •"THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, s :
tss; r, -- v
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; -open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
SW Hayes street open until 9:30 p. m. ' •
. C3? McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«5 Larkin street; open until ,9:30 p.- m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
'261 Market 6treet corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. J.\f ¦-'
106 Eleventh street; open until » P- ni-
1OT6 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
22nn Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEn"gaTE~LODGE~ No 30, F. and •
A. M. Called meeting THIS (SATUR-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. j£X
By order of W. 31. '»^
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MISSION LODGE No. 1C9, F. and A. M. . m
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J%_
EVENING at 7:^0 o'clock. Third dc- jC/t
gree. R. E. ALLEN. Sec'y. /^T >
DORIC LODGE' No. 216. F. and A. M. m
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) m M\ M
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- l5j\
gree. Sojourning brethren are- invited, /^r «
By order of the Jklaster.
J J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec'y.
THE members of the funeral com- {JfSgjSjKgfe-
mittpp of Oermanla Lodge No. 11€. feff^jsgjcfe
I. O. O. F.. are requested to meet
at Odd Fellows' Hall. SATUR-" "™*^
DAY, July «. at 1:33 p. m. sharp, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. PHILLIPP
WAGNER. By order of the N. G.
C. H. HOLLING. Rec Sec'y.
REGULAR meeting of the Past Chan- 3jC
cellors" Association of S. F. will be K»
held at Pythian Castle. 509 Market O^O^
et.. THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. /*-*»* 9
July 6. An interesting entertainment will be
offered. AH Past Chancellors are invited.
WILL J. BEATTY, Pres.
CHAS. E. HOFFMAN. Secretary.
THE Thirty-sixth District Central Club meets
SATURDAY. July 6. at Twin Peaks Hall,
Se\-enteenth and Noe sts.. at S p. m.
FRANK FRENCH, Chairman.
M. TV. LITTLEFIELD, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 15. 1901. at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board of trustees . will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS can make $2 to $5 per day. Call at S
Taylor st.
. ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission'; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE fre<?: no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. E-nma Spreekels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket gt.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARPING FOR CHILDREN.
A LADY wishes 2, or 3 children, ages 2 to 6
yrs. : healthy place across bay. Box 3456, Call.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
oare:sunny yard;nr.gchool:reasonable.l607 Cal.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st. ',
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S22hO; ROADHOUSE. with 11 furnish, rooms?
kitchen, etc.; barn; large yard; about 8 miles
from city: a business paying Al, and well
known. R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st
A-JlfiCO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block south of Market st : daily receipts from
J''O up; clearing about WOO per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $550; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $350
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fourth st. Call R. G. WILKE. I6H Kearny.
A — IfRL'IT and vegetable store with 4 rooms;
rent S35; on Sutter St.; price 1600; business
clearing above $1SO per month. R. G. WILKE I
2€»* Kearny st. |
A— $350: DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms: rent J18; kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2Shi Kearny st
A— $730; SALOON; no better located place in
th's city; rent $00; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st
fj2- r - — Chicken ranch. 1000 chickens, good house.
$1^*0— Liquor store; fine corner; near Market.
fVfi— Coal and wofcd yard; good bus; low rent.
J 1250— Grocery & bar; est 9 yrs: 4 living rms.
fS."f>— Bakery; 6 living rooms; cheap rent
BSOS — Grocery, fruit; cor. store: no opposition.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
YOU can be suited In any kind of business by
celling at ofSce.
O W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market st. near
fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
OFFICE— Real estate office for sale. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market st
tiono— FIRST-CLASS millinery etore for salei
owner moving away. Address MRS. J. C.
DUBOIS. Santa Rosa. Cal.
FOR sale— Grocery and saloon, including hall
upstairs; sold cheap or. account of sickness;
good locality. Corner 2Sth and Church sts.
RESTAURAXT and oyster house for sale; on
account of eicknese. 29 Xinth st
SALOON for sale; doing first-class, business ; on i
aocour.t of other business. Cor. Mason & Ellis, j
PHVSICIAN. graduate of best Eastern and j
European universities, deslree to meet lady or j
gentleman with $500 t» $1000; great oppor-
tunity; investigate. Call room 44, New West-
-ern Hotel, cor. Washington and Kearny els.
FOR sale— Large route on this paper, S50
name*; easy terms. Box 4315, Call office.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receded at Call branch office, 250^ Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubsori,ni:m8 has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO..
650 Market st. and 8 Stcokton St.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to Fell list with us. We have cash customers
for ell size* and prices. See list of bargains.
<5 r. : rent $160; good. perm., trans.; Al loc. .$2500
ES r.; rent $125; oak fur.; Jst fl. offles: Mkt. 2250
S4 r. ; rent JJ10; good loc.; fur., crp. clrs. $150 2500
16 r. ; rent $45; Rood fur., carp.; sunny S50
IS r.: rent $S5; good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
52 r.: rent 152; new fur.; clears $55 1330
tZ r. : rert only $75; good fur. car. & loc. off . 1600
We have over COO houses listed. Call before
buyinc: money loaned on deferred paymenta-
*% per cent. '
FISHER & CO
935 Market: phone Folsom 1342....
75 rooms; price.... $5000142 rooms; price.... $5300
t« rooms; price 1900|30 roome; price 2250
52 rooms; elegant: rent only $60: price 1500
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 750
We have over 300 more, any location, kind or
rrlre. at bargains and hurried sales.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments :.
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
THK lanrest and beet list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
• G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. S17 Market st (near Fifth st.).
Thone Mint 1911.
S nOOMS; rent $30; finely furnished, good car-
gpets: JJOfi. Howard Bt., between Third and
Fourth. Bex 4337. Call odce.
$375- LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms; furnished.
Rfi4'j Mission gt i
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
<pg Works, &3-Z57 Tchama st; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c: renovating- 5c un-
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1319.
Rr DOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prlc«-s
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works
SS3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main S34. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
JONES &; CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth *t; tel. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam Carpet -Beating Works. G. H
Mgr.. 2S-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 2-JO Fourteenth Bt. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. S Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^charrV un-
less eucceesful. Room 310, 927 Market st
SPIRITUALISM.
COME~and see cPV. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues., Frl... 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken' last world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkin. . . - • 4
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
gt. car; sit. $1; letter. t2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a epecialty; 'cir-
cles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Residence (no signs). SS McAllister st.
TEST dr. to-night' 10c; read.. 60c, $1; spirit
photos; farewell 24th. Arnold Dlckson, 148 6th.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 60c. 215 .Leaven worth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 2fi2 Minna st, near Fourth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c,
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
pea nee Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. wThTUoNTAGUB,
CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST,
Is in "San Ftancl6co, using his strange and
mysterious powers for the benefit of mankind.
Montague's thousands of written testimonials
' from all over the world are proof of his won-
derful knowledge'. He gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, courtship, marriage
and divorce; causes speedy and happy mar-
riage. The earth, reveals to him the hidden
treasures in her bosom; he locates mines, in-
terprets dreams, tells of your friends and en-
emies, removes evil Influences, settles lovers'
quarrels, 'reunites the separated, gives advice
pertaining to lawsuits, everything: charges in
reach of all: reception room 14, 1104 Market st.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated; makes harmony
In your home; gives accurate advice on. all
business affairs;lnvestments.mlning,fbil; read-
ings by mail; 6end stamps for terms. 125 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant' & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission st. cor. 8th.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clair., palmist; advice on
all affairs: messages from departed friends;
teacher o* personal magnetism. 1523% Market.
MRS. HANSEN, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmist; past, present and future; 25c. 108
Sixth St., 2d floor.
1 . .
I MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
I gives names, facts, date? satisfaction by mall;
inclose stamp. 13S2 Market opposite 7th St.
i Mrs. Dr. Sayler, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mall $1.
15114 Market, op. Van Ness ;^ tel. Mint 1095.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 11 IS Market, op.
6th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader:when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. BERNARD, 17 3d St.. gone on vacation;
will return soon; watch paper for ad. .
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1140 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c un. 5 Fourth st.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME, Teller City and all points in
Alaska. For freight & passage rates call or
write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St., rm. 6.
DENTISTS.
A^^^ELECTRO-DENT^L^CLTNIcrSM'Mar^
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialtst* gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER.'.. M.D., Manager..
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, rainless method: 20 years'
experience: no. students; advice free: prices
cheapest snd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c: plates. $5: full F»t: all -work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815H Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 5flc: plates $3 up;phonePolkllC5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
| amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
TOTTNO. 1341 Polk Bt.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business: divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreekels building,
rooms S?a-32<. Ran Fruncisco: tel. South 38L
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
INSTRUCTOR of experience will coach in
Greek, Latin, mathematics; references. Ad-
dress box 2269. Call office, Oakland. •
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ^
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr.- City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TAKR. exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO- page catalogue free.
PROF. L. "MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st.. nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024. Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & -constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, g Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help . of all kinds"
cooks, waiters and house servants. - GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post Ft; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426..
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
'fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A LADY Just from the.East wants' 4 days. in
the . week washing and ironing; first-class
flannel washer; best of reference. Call at 3B
Treat ave., between 13th and 14th, Folsom
and Harrison sts.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework or second work. Call < at 14
Mobs st, downstairs, oft Howard, - bet. Sixth
and Seventh. / ;» -.*...
AN educated young woman would like to do
sewing or light housework afternoons in city;
home more of object than wages. Address C.
M. DAVIS. Winchester Hotel.- San Francisco.
GIRL 16 years old wishes to, assist In house-
work. Apply between 1 and. 4 o'clock, 277
Laussatt ave., near Stelner st
EMPLOYMENT , WANTED— FEMALE.
; A- YOUNG woman with a little child wishes «
c <^ place in a country town; more for good home
- wages. Address box 4363. Call office.
. GOOD cook from New York ; $1 50 and carfare
for plain cooking; call on < to work;- willing
worker.- Box 4352. Call office.
A" WOMAN wants work by the' day; -washing,
Ironing or sweeping; $1 60. Address M. S..
; 152'^ Clara st. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
; YOUNG woman wishes light housework; stead}
and. reliable; . wages -reasonable; references.
. Call 549 Folsom st, bet. First and Second.
[ TEACHER, Protestant, speaking French . flu-
ently, desires ...position 1 as . governess with
\ Christian family; no objection to the coun-
try.- Call at 1605 Franklin gt., corner Pine.
YOUNG Danish girl to assist -in housework in
a respectable family; no objection to children.
37 Stanley place, off Harrison st, between
; First and Second. . . . ¦
' MISS BECKMAN, 570 Harrison St., will do
; housework very reasonable.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week;' convenient and respectable; free. 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been • established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION wanted by first-class bread and
cake baker or pastry cook to take charge ;
from the East; long experience; Irish- Ameri-
can. Address H. PRIMROSE, room 32, 520
Bush" st.
OLD, single gentleman wants employment
tending -store, office, superintending city or
country' property In absence of owner; a. s.
o. ; moderate expectations; references. Box
4365. Call office. '
A MIDDLE-AGED, unencumbered, highly
trustworthy attorney wishes employment or
remunerative connection with ' a law firm;
agreeable association more an object than re-
muneration. Box 4318, Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on private place
or farm; man experienced houseman, woman
good dressmaker, cook, etc. Address T.
MULROONEY, 3983 Twenty-fourth 6t. city.
CARPENTER will work cheap If given steady
work; good all around man; prefer shop,
firm, corporation, estate work; give trial.
Box 3483. Call office.
POSITION wanted by young Englishman: un-
derstands horses thoroughly; first-class driver;
can milk," etc., etc. Address box^4346. Call.
YOUNG man, age 23. desires position in office;
wholesale preferred; strictly temperate. Box
3457. Call office. -• . - . ¦ ;
YOUNG man would like to hear of a position
at grocery or bar business: city, experience;
good reference. Box 4348, Call office.
AN experienced oil-well driller wants position;
can give references as to ability. Address
R.. room 69, Golden West Hotel. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J8
Valencia ft.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
Et. : phone Capp 26S2.
FLATS TO LET.
751 EDDY Ft, near Van Ness ave. — A well ar-
ranged upper flat of 8 rooms and bath; cen-
trally located. SHAINWALD,' BUCKBEE &
CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
1275 AND 1277 O'Farrell st.— 2 beautiful sunny
' upper flats of 8 rooms and bath and all mod-
ern conveniences: SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st. .
FINE. 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement., Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st. "
FURNISHED complete for housekeeping — 4
rooms and bath; lower flat. 1908 Filbert st. ;
call after 5 p. m.
O'FARRELL, 1929-33-35, near Scott— Very at-
tractlve flats, 5, 6. 7 rooms and -bath each;
rents very reasonable.
$30 — 2327 PINE Et., near Fillmore; sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, . 411 Montgomery st. ¦ ,
$25 — GRAND flat. 6 large sunny rooms: modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero at., between
23d and 24th.
'$11— 4-ROOM flat; cellar; water free. 20 Sum-
ner St., off Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$18—1461 SACRAMENTO, near Hyde; flat. 7
room6, bath, saB; nice yard.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath; $12.
"16 Natoma tit., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FELL, 111 — Four nicely furnished rooms with
bath.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 12- room house; billiard-room;
< all new; will sell just as It stands or carpets;
rent $50. Address 25 Baker St., cor. Page.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
furniture: wanted.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
¦ merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., S2S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 77S Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1154.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS, LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
plaiJbs. etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
"Waitresses, chambermaids, fancy' ironers,
laundresses, -cooks, in the State and out of
the State; highest wages' paid and fare paid
. to nearly all places In country. . Call and
select*
'....... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 girls for the eame . house, $15 each, one as
second girl and care of small children, the
other for housework and cooking. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, aged 35 to 40, care
of small children; references; good home; no
office fee; $J0-?12. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
COOKS^ housegirls, second girls, nursegirls;
best of wages; city and country. Apply C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LYDA FORRESTER, the pastry cook, please
call or send address to C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY.. :..... .......335 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, springs, Sonoma Co., fare
paid |20
3 waitresses, resort, Sonoma Co.,' fare paid. $20
3 waitresses, Geysers, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, springs, Santa Clara Co.,
fare paid 5 $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains, fare
paid , $20
2 waitresses, coast resort, fare paid $20 i
12 waitresses, first-class commercial ho- !
tel3 $20 and $25
6 waitresses, city J20
3 restaurant waitresses .$6 and $7
Chambermaid, country hotel $20
3 chambermaids to wait $20
MRS. M. E. DAY, phone Main 1575, 335
G*ary et. .
5 WAITRESSES, hotel, country, $25 per month,
fare paid; housekeeper, country, see party
here, fare paid. CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 69
Third st.
WANTED— A finisher on coats; steady work.
Apply to S. JACOBS, 127 Russ st.
GOOD grirl to learn bookbinding. MYSELL,
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay St.
GIRL for housework; good plain ' cook. 1155 j
Valencia st.
WANTED— A lady to assist in light housework;
good home. Call after 2 p. rt.. 116 Taylor at.
NEAT German or Swedish girl for housework;
good cook. 2426A Pine Et.
A GERMAN girl for cooking and housework;
wages $20. Apply 821 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. S. F. M. CO., 523 Market st.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for general
housework; in flat. 659 Broderlck st. i
WANTED- First-class waitress .at 204 Sixth
street. ....... .
WANTED— A ¦ middle-aged woman to wait on
sick woman; wages $5 a week. 320^ Sutter st.
WANTED— Waitress at Powell and Beach sts.
YOUNG girl; general housework; 3 In family;
no .wash; $15 per month. 1402 Hyde st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls to
,. learn, waiting on table. * 725 Market st. .
NEAT dining room girl. Capital Restaurant,
206 McAllister st . -
WANTED— Ironers that can do all kinds of
ironing. : 3372 Mission st.
WANTED — Good experienced waitresses; none
but experienced need apply. 20 Third st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists
and wrappers; steady work; electric power.
MARKS BROo.. 1212 Market st. v
WANTED— Housekeeper at 624 Seventh »t . .
. I HELP WANTED— FEMALE— -Con.
i WANTED-^Experlenced waitresses; also girls
! to learn; no fee. ' 127 Mason st.
. FEW more agents wanted In every town on
i Pacific Coast to advertise' and sell medicine;
j good commission. 1327 Market St., room 8. .
. GIRLS wanted at WEMPE BROS. Paper Box
, Factory. 1L1-127 Mission st.
1 FIRST-CLASS 6kirt maker wanted. - 22 Grant
avenue.
' WANTED— Girl to work in shooting gallery;
¦ good wages. 523 Pacific st. ¦'¦- i
• GOOD sewer wanted in bindery. MYSELL-
i ROLLINS -CO.. 22 Clay, st.
• OPERATORS • and finishers j on gents' white
shirts. 535 Valencia. - . '
i LADIES wishing to marry send address to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st; no charges.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established at 1098
1 Valencia st. ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. . ...... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office Open 7 a. m. to-day
.Railroad men read thisjr
Everybody read this..?......
Como one Come all
..We ship free to every R. R. in California..
S. P. R. R., Santa Fe and Cal. N. W. Ry.
i New work
• Santa Fe R. R. Co.'s own work
•••••• Santa Fe work
•• Santa Fe work
12o laborers to work on Santa Fe system; free
pass ; free
-• C. N. W. Ry
We ship R. R. men morning, noon and night.
. E0 teamsters, Uklah.. $2 day
60 laborers, Uklah..'. $2 day
..:... Good 'water, good climate, free fare......
,.S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
A carload of laborers to work on section,
steel, ballast and rock gangs on Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles divisions
Free fare.. Office fee, $1
• MECHANICAL HELP
Machine blacksmith, $3 50 day; harnessmaker,
$2 day and found; woodworker, $46 and found;
' carriage painter, country, $40; blacksmith for
a camp, $3 day; 3 blacksmith's helpers, no
shoeing; 3 stone cutters; machinists, pipe
fitters, boilermaker* and helpers, etc
WOODS AND LUMBERMEN
20 men to work in mills, yards and woods,
large sawmill compeny, $40 to $65 and found.
..DRILLERS MINERS .....LABORERS..
150 laborers for Shasta, Trinity and Siskiyou
counties, ditch and other work,. $2 25 and $2 60
day #>
10 drillers, $75; 10 muckers, gold mine, $6o"and
found; 4 miners, gold mine, Amador County,
$75; 25 quarrymen, $60; 4 laborers, city, $2 day;
150 laborers, all classes of work, city and
country, $175 to $2 50 day
MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener, private place, see boss here; stable-
man, vineyard company, $30; 3 deck hands,
$10; 5 strong men to truck freight, $40; 10 2-
horse teamsters, near city, $2 day; 3 team-
sters, $34 and found; general utility man and
drive, country store. $30
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT..!!!!
750 men to work In hay and harvest, on farms,
orchards and vineyards, $1 25 to $2 50 day; 50
milkers, $30 to $40; cheesemaker, $35; 6 men
to work on hay press, 20c ton; choremen and
boys
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..!
Camp cook, near city, $45; 2 waiters, experi-
ence not necessary, for a mine, $30; steward
$10; waiter, small camp, $20; cook, small
camp, country. ?30; 5 ranch cooks; waiters,
different country hotels; baker, country shop,
$60; kitchen help, bell boys, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary st
¦\\ anted, 1000 men for new railroad work
Free fare Ship Dally Free fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $¦>
FOR NEVADA '.'.'.'."'.'.'..
150 teamsters and laborers $i
FOR TRUCKEE
_ 150 teamsters and laborers ,
. •"••, FOR COAST ROAD ...!'.'.'.
100 laborers, ballasting track $1 75
For Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
• Divisions.
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM .
100 laborers, section work $175
For Stockton and Merced Divisions
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK (BIG TUNNEL)
50 heading men and drillers $2 25 $2 50
100 muckers and laborers ti'75 s>>
Free fare Ship daily Free fare
100 laborers for ditch and levee work and
handling cordwood for large company $2 to
$2 25; 20 men for brickyard, north $2 25 a
day; 50 farmers, haymakers and milkers $35
$30 and $25; 10 asphalt miners, $2 a day and
board ;
HOTEL DEPARTMENT'".!!."!!'.!.'
Fry cook, country hotel, $65; cook country
hotel. $50; broiler, $70; fry cook $60; vege-
table cook, $60; assistant baker country ho-
tel, $23; dishwasher, country hotel, $25 and
fare paid; shampooer, $40; sausage maker
country. $50; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $30 and $25
Head waiter for springs, $35; 3 waiters, coun-
try hotels, $25; 6 boll boys $15 .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary nt.
ERRAND boy who knows the city and lives
with parents for our office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
AT THE /CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 403
100 railroad laborers. S. P. Co.'s own wcrk.
L. A. and Santa Barbara dlv $1 75 $2 50
100 men for new road $2 and $2 50 per day
FREE FARE ...!....._
Office fee for above.... ji
10 harvest "hands $2 per day
' 10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
10 men for rock quarry $2 25, free fare
Milker, country, 18 cows $30 per month
Blacksmith, country $3 per day
Experienced bookkeeper.. $75 -to $100 per month
2 handy men for boiler works, country,
• $2 25 per day
10 swampers for lumber woods.. $45 per month
4 tree fellers $55 per month
4 crosscutters ..$50 per month
2 linemen $70 per month
5 men for smelter $2 40 per day
Bedmaker to assist clerk $40 and room
HOTEL . cook, country, $50; German barkeep-
er, country hotel, $40; cook for camp, $50;
second cook for camp, $40; waiters, kitchen
men, elevator boys and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN, $35 and found; young American
for milk depot, $35 and fotmd; can washer.
$35; stableman for milk man. $35; farmers,
$125 day and $30 month; 2 ironers, $35 and
found; teamster for ranch, $2 day and board;
choreman, $30 and found; stableman for
country, $30 and found; milkers, assistant
dairy man, boy to herd stock, $15 and found.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento St.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny, st.
60 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
. Monday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters. $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; porter. $30 and found.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
MAN. upright character to manage business
of established house; salary $18 weekly and
expenses, payable weekly from headquarters;
expense money advanced; permanent; refer-
ence. Standard House, 364 Caxton bldg.,
"Chicago. ....
WANTED— Two A No. 1 premium and adver-
tising specialty men; large commission with
an established line of .trade to work on. Ad-
dress, stating' age and experience, box 4356,
Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY persons in each State to
manage business of wealthy corporation; sal-
ary $18 cash each Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man-
ager, 335 Caxton building-, Chicago.
SUPERINTENDENT for an established oil
company; salary $125 per month, board and
'lodging free; must have some money and
good references. Box 4364, Call of floe.
WANTED— A boys' and children's clothing
salesman. Apply at S. N. WOOD & CO.,
1 718 Market Bt.
WANTED — Furnishing goods salesman. Apply
at 8. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 718 Market. 8 a. m.
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
ally in light Indoor work; $15 per week to
¦ start; must have $100 cash. 25 Geary St., r. 1.
WANTED — A sober German who understands
care horse and waeon and light porter work;
wages $10 a week. Box 4361, Call office.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday noon and
Sunday; wages. 502 Howard st. .
BARBER. Saturday and Sunday. 402 Brannan,
near Third at. - .
ii ' ¦
BARBERS 'wanted; steady 106 Fourth Bt
BARBER wanted at 1393 Harrison St. for Sat-
urday and Sunday.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; 15c shop. 200
Powell st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
122 Third st. -:¦ , ¦¦ ¦ ¦ , . - . ¦ ¦
TAILOR to trim . up work for coat shop.
BELASCO-HARRI3 CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED— A boy between 14 and 16. Apply
to Pacific Shirt Co., 1038 Market st
WANTED— 500 men . to buy new . and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up., 923 Howard.
CARRIAGE trimmer wanted af TRACY^S*
318 McAllister St. -¦ " .-; ¦
BY, publisher.- young man to deliver and col-
. lect. Box - 4362, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A GOOD-, reliable boy for grocery delivery
wagon preferences. Address box 4343. Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply 152 Third st. j
WANTED— Of flee 'boy; wages $20 month; ad-
. dress O. F. B.. box 4344. Call office.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper; wages $40 a
¦month.- Address B. O. K., box 4345, Call.
Whelp wanted—- male— -gon.
WANTED— A good shoemaker - to call. 839^
Mission st . ; . . ... ...
WANTED— Walter at Powell and Beach sts. .
MAN to do general farm work and milk 6
cows. Apply A. HOFFMAN. 13 Third at.
MAN to. wash dishes and make himself use-
fur around restaurant. 1507 Market* st" '
BOY. 812 Kearny st. -
WANTED— Good bedmaker. Dewey House, 32
East st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady Job; good wages
and found. / 1048 McAllister st.
WANTET> — Boy "to drive a baker wagon. Call
at SOP Greenwich at at 9 or 11. o'clock.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 315 Grant ave.
WANTED— Shirt polisher at 2372 Mission et.
MILK driver wanted. 1408 Devlsadero st, near
Geary.
BARBER shop for sale; beet location in town,
opposite the P. O. ; good for $100 per month;
will sell for $125; reason of selling, wife's
poor health. Auburn. Cal.
WANTED— A dentist. 1 country office; good sal-
ary. Apply J. W. ROOCH DENTAL DEPOT,
11 o'clock.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; good stand;
must be eold on account of slokness. Appjy
at 81 Zoe St., city.
WANTED— Strong boy with some experience In
fruit business. . 930 Flllmore st.
WANTED— 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.
Apply 232 Montgomery st
$150 — 2-CHAIR shop doing good business; In
.lively summer resort; laundry office; going
East. Address P. O. box 84, Pacific Grove,
Cal. " .
TEAMSTER to drive wholesaler's truck; man
experienced here required; references; age.
Write to box 4339. Call office. ¦
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted. 22 Grant
avenue.
PORTER wanted in saloon; wages $40; call
early. 152 East St. -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; {80
monthly paid our graduates; two montha
completes; more calls for our -barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Hard rock miners, wages $3 60 per
day; laborers, wages $2 per day; board is $18
per month ; doctor's fees, $1 25 per month.
Apply to the New Idria Q. Mining Co.. Idrla,
San Benito County, Cal., JAMES G. FINCH.
Superintendent. '
SOMETHING entirely new; the Boston Insti-
tute of Autoshaving: a school for teaching
men the art of shaving themselves. For par-
ticulars call at office, hours 10 to 12 a. m. and
1 to 4 and 6 tn 8 f. m.. 105 Ellis st., room 3L
WANTED — A first-class ironer on skirts, shirt
waists, etc.; a steady place; wages $30 and
found. Address or telephone Stanford French
Laundry, Palo Alto.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners ;• good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
SHOEMAKERS wanted — Lasters, puller-overs
on Ideal lasting machine; good pay to the
right men. Apply foreman. 103 Mission st.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
.week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis Bt.
EXPERIENCED bookbinder wanted. Mysell-
Rollins ,Co., 22 Clay st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 50O pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st. "
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Stonart Bt.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry,
f ¦
HORSES AND WAGOSS.
PAIR bays, 6 years, very stylish; pair sorrels,
7 years, very stylish; pair cross match, seal
brown and dapple gray, an elegant family
pair, 5 and 6 years: one sorrel. 5 years, 16
hands, a good family horse. They are all
Bound, Eood drivers and eood looking, and
can be seen and driven by applying to J.
O'DONNELL, Hotel Rafael Stables. San Ra-
fael. ¦
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him: cheap at $150; don't answer If you are
looking for a $50 horse. 125 Geary st.
WELL-BROKEN 6-year-old horse, 1100 pounds.
M. D. MEYER & CO., Geary and Devisadero.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 faet
pacers. 721 Howard' st.
ALL kinds of wagrons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE house; 9 rooms with rear lot on other
street. 1218 Turk et. ; rent $35.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments:
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg., r. 607.
"~ LOST AND POUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of OLIVER McNORTON or FLOR-
ENCE McNORTON ; No. 172-671; the finder
will please return to bank.
LOST— A black leather . wallet containing
papers Thursday night between 8:15 and 11:30,
somewhere between Octavla st. and Alcazar
Theater. Return to 406 Kearny st.; suitable
reward.
LOST— A special pair of eyeglasses on July 4,
coming from Buchanan and Ellis ets. to
Rausch and Folsom ets., on cars. Finder
please bring them to 35 Rausch st reward.
LIBERAL reward for the return of pocketbook
lost July 4; contains papers of Importance only
to owner, R. R, tickets; also money. G. A.
YBERRI, California Hotel.
LOST — White bull terrier- dog; long ears and
long tail. Return to 111 Eddy st and receive
reward. "
STRAYED— July 1, a large tiger-striped male
cat from rear of 1012 Geary St.; reward if re-
turned.
LOST— Large St Bernard dog; King; weight
about 160 pounds'. Return to 605 Golden Gate
ave. and receive reward.
LOST— Female Irish setter. . Return to 2363
Pine St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Irish setter pup. black, with brown
legs; liberal reward. 1020 Bryant st.
LOST— $5 reward, liver-colored Irish water
spaniel. L. P. H. BOLANDER, 115 Main St.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. • ,>
'.::¦ ' :''-. ¦ :^ MEP . ICAX> ,....,.,¦. (:,--¦ .„.',.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comolalnts relieved by ' treatment su-
perior to all others; the only ' treatment that
helps ;the unfortunate: the most obstinate
- cases are immediately relieved without pain;
• no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult, cases treated;, scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 26
- years' successful practice: guar." treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
¦ before," and during confinement; low fees.>>.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money, returned; my regulator
• never falls; the most ' obstinate cases. relieved
without pain; best care; fee-low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
B1EDICAL — Continued.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
. derful. simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrnea,
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and f emaie
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, **,
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circular*. 1126 Market. St.. S. F-. Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
• stant relief *for all female complaints: the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain:- travelers J^lS? i, 1^
delay, consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale s.
DR and Mrs. Davies. 1228 Market; our regula-
tor is a treatment superior to others has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious. Buffering and despondent wome".
office treatment guaranteed;. strictly reliable.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MISCELLANEOUS; — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new am
second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outflw on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1C23
Mission st..- above Sixth; write for catalogue.
$35— SNAP; 150 chickens, ducks, etc.; Incubator,
brooder, chicken-houses, fencing: 1& Belgian
hares; entire lot or separate; come quick. 1314
Hampshire st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water, pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. ¦
WILL exchange magnificent. S150 Swiss music
box for good typewriter or bicycle. Address
P.. 110 Clay st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. SILVERMAN, 984 Folsom; tel. Fol-
gom 1191. :
A$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $173. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARaytS, 437 Montgomery St.
$5— FRESH goat and kids. 1318 Hampshire st.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings for sale cheap;
no reasonable offer refused. 2400 Howard st
AT 3c a roll, good wall paper; paper-hanging,
painting. 1303 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
ZD-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine; one . 2*4-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand.- THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. i
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. !
FAIRBANKS'. 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California St.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 66 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
We pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
"miscellaneous wants.
WANTED— A second-hand typewriter; good
•condition; Smith No. 2 preferred. Address,
stating price and particulars, box 4357, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand baker's wagon in good
condition. Call at Nevada stable, between 1
2 p. m. to-day.
STAMPS, unused bank checks with 2c imprint,
bought. Room 10C8, Call building.
TILTON .wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
A — MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 90S Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IF TOUR PROPERTT
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MOST reliable, place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jonee.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private.. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302- Montgomery st, r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.«
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have decided to offer every one who buys
a new piano from us during the month of
July a special cut In price amounting; to
about 30 per cent discount for cash purchases
and 20 per cent on Installments where all
payments are closed up within two years;
our regular prices have always been consid-
erably lower than many houses charge for
eame class of goods and there will b« no
raise to offset the cut; Just think what this
. means to you— a $500 piano for $350. $400 for
$2S0, $300 for $210; call and see the instru-
ments, ' Decker, Baumelster. Smith & Barnes
and Marshall & Wendell. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. •
¦
LUDWIG planes.
Steck pianos.
Hardman pianos.
Packard plnnos.
Everett pianos.
. They are the best and for sale only by the
new piano house. WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
S33 Market St.. 8. F. (Oakland branch. 951
Broadway.)
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price* allowed. New upright .pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by. us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase- price al-
lowed on a new, peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy «,
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st. ; established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
- Sterling. $75. $123. $145. etc.; easy payments
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 18 O'Farrell st
Chlckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players. .
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up;' rents $2
up allowed: we want agents: pianos furnished
.free; you get first money ¦ when you sell
HEINE; PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
BARGAINS— Halnes, $290; Kramer. $135: Nieu-
mann $140; Cable, $173. 'W. C. HAMILTON,
8 Flood building. - ' .- . .
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
and inspect our. factory. BYRON MAUZY,
308 Pofet st. . .
Xeeffe's, 314 Post— Bargains this wk. : Shonin-
. • ger, Schubert Behnlng and Schumann pianos.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher $95,
Chickering $1S5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
ELEGANT standard upright- piano: little used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 782 Ellis st
GOOD second-hand • upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
- i ", -. . ._ --¦¦-._-'---•,¦¦.;¦¦.¦¦
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— -Cow.
A SPLENB7D~Steinway ; uprights $tOO; pianos
¦ rented $2 upward. BRUEXN. 208 Post st.
ISO— FINE uprlsrht: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Ml3slon.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUXG'S. 218 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
AlUster st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.. yoa
can get storage* pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Cisrar stand. Southwest corner of
Mason and El I la sta.
LIGHT, cheerful offices: J13 and $20. Emma
Spreekels building, 927 Market st.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine-
districts: Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— L«st chance at 10c; bier advance
in a few days. Pacific States. Mining and
Investment Co.. 326 Post. Ope-n evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand, in -good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission ;>t.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face-
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to S. 9C6 Market st
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black SSI.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HAN'GING, house painting; good, rell-
• able work. Clark's. 808 Larkin; tel. Larkin 1060.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR! C C. O^DONNELL— 6?flce and residence,
1021 Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see-
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellin.
« PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent curea here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 60 names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1350 Call
office. 8. F.. Cal.
PERSONALS.
"CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO^
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co.,
Is now building Its great ship of tha air at
Its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.;
a limited number of shares for a limited time
la now being offered to the public at $3 per
share at Its office. 306 Pine st, room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st, and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25o to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to K per week;
free 'bus and baggags to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
BOHEMIAN Dermatolotlcal. r. 3, 131 Post—
Electric needle used; hair and facial treatm't
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4«3 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman, 9S4,Fol.«om; tel. Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suits $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis; 17 years' .exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl? 9 ;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure: Kc; all druggists.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
(6500— TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny 10-room residence; substan-
tially built and finished by day work; every
possible latest improvement; heaters, regis-
ters. 6 basins, plate and art glass windows.
etc; marine and park view; the choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x100; Ful-
ton st, near Shrader; Hayes or McAllister
st. cars; open from 11 to 5.
N'EW cor. house; 6 rms.. bath, basement: $2200;
Installment $15 mo. 1337 Montgomery ave.
FOR sale — New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3022 Fierce at
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
3000— A GREAT bargain; 100 acres; a, profitable
and beautiful .home farm on side hill, 1 mile
from Callstoga, on county road; 10 acres la
fruit all In bearing; 7 acres new vineyard;
good soil: well timbered: pasture and crop
land: beautiful view; Improvements first
class: house 6 rooms and bath. In splendid
condition: barn and outhouses; water from
springs piped to house and grounds; all farm-
In? implements and tools, wagons, etc.; good
i-easons for Immediate sale. Address _TR3.
A. MARTIN. Callstoga. Cal.
FOR sale — A nice home, $2300; 6>-i acres Is
prune orchard; also house and barn and
family orchard In Pleasanton. Call at 4m -
Clara st.; JOHN STEVENS.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WTNFIELP. Petatnma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
5VISH to exchange cood real estate in Saa
Jose; well Improved; 5 50-varas, with larg*
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit; pries $10,000;
for San Francisco property. Box 4313. Call.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. ~
C WANT to buy flats from $2500 to $3000; spot
cash If cheap: give full particulars. Box
43S3. Call office. ' .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
5X>R sale— Modern cottage. 6 rooms; bath; lot
50x150. 1518 Mozart st.. Alameda. Mastlck sta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
_ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
;i50C^ESTABLiiH_£~^^er7^d^«cher
shop, with store fixtures: flat above, and
stable, well and pump; gore lot: streets cora-
ftlete; fine location in North Oakland; cost
$2400; Insured for $1500; easy terms If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1C08 Broadway. Oakland.
13250— EAST of Broadway; comfortable home
of 9 rooms in the choicest part of Oakland:
owner non-resident; reduced price for a quick
cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO .
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
tS50— COZY little bungalow cottage: all shin-
gled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet: close to
Telegraph ave. and city trains; will arrangt
terms.
. • GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
.-¦ • 1008 Broadway. ¦ Oakland.
(2500— $o00 CASH, balance on easy terms: pretty
Eastlake cottage. 5 rooms, bath. hall, high,
basement; 2 bay windows^ newly 'painted;
nice open lawn and cement walks; select lo-
cality; 1 block from Broadway: cost $3500
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
18000— ELEGANT home sacrificed ; corner Eighth,
and Adeline sts. ; only 1 block from station-
13 rooms; modern plumbing and steam fur-
nace; finished basement- and attic; newly
painted; convenient and prominent location
for local physician or San Francisco business
man; lot SOxlCO feet: nice lawn; and all in
good condition; cost $11,000: a big sacrifice
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO '
100S Broadway. Oakland.
rOR sale or exchange for property In Nebr.,
Kan?, or Mo.— Choice lartre Oakland cor ; 3
electric car lines: fine neighborhood: conveni-
ent to local train; street work all done. For
personal interview July .10 address ¦ Owner,
care EASTON & WILSON, rooms 11 and 12
Macdonough building. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
[•ENTH. 572-BeauUfuTlu^n77oomirexc7neirt
home cooking; $3) upward; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE .FOR SALE.
lN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. OakfandLREATj ESTAJTB TEAITSACTIONS.
Virginia F. fend Frederick H. Deakin to Fer
dinand and Elizabeth Holtum, lot on N line of
Pine street/ 160:5 E of Buchanan, E 22:11 by N
137:6; $10.
Amy C. Gouraud or Gillig or Ashe to John
D. Stegemann. lot on S line of j Fourteenth
street, 346 W of Valencia, W 30 by S 130; $10.
Estate of James Collopy (by Hannah Cololpy,
administratrix) to A. W. Anderson/ lot on NW
corner of Twentieth and Stevenson streets, W
30 by N 85; *858O.
Joseph A. Kelley to Josephine Kelley, lot on
W line ofCuerrero street, 55 S of Eighteenth,
S 33 by W^lOO; $10. <*
. Angelita Bohme to James -"Bergen, lot on E
line of Chattanooga, street, 234 N .of Twenty
second, N 26 by E 125; $10." . ,
Vittorio and Lulgla Muzlo to Guiseppe Muzio,
lot on N line of Alvarado street, 125 E of Guer
rero. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Charles A. and Lucy E. Howe to Robert L.
and Amelia Feeney, lot on N line of Twenty^
seventh street, 345 E of Church, E 25 by N 114;
no. •
Thomas W., Katherine, Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Eliza McAllister (wife of
John), lot on E line of Sanchez street, 114 N
of Clipper. N 25:9 by E 81:9; $10. :
John McAllister to Eliza McAllister, same;
gift. - ¦ ' - • ¦¦ » •
. Minnie E. Barrett to J. E.- Carne,-lot on W
line of Montgomery street,' 37:6 N of Filbert,
N 25 by W. 87:6; $10. •
Mary L. Swain to Mary E. Hinton, lot on S
line of Folsom street, 47 W of Hawthorne, S
84 by E :8V4 (quitclaim deed); $100.
Charlotte H. Foulkes to A. M. .Speck, lot on
SE line of Minna street, 123:4 NE of Sixth, NE
24:8 by SE' SO; $10.
Frank AV. and Emma A. Fuller to Jeremiah
J. and Delia P. Sheehan, lot on N line' of Lake
street, 82:6 W of Twenty-first avenue, W 25 by
N 100; $10. .
. John Heinlen to John Heinlen Company (cor
poration), undivided half of lot on E 'line of
Gunhison avenue. 350 S of Precita place, S
25 by E 110; $100.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Charles Escande,
lot on S line of Sadowa street. 280 W of Capitol
avenue, W 5 by S 125, block C, Railroad Home
stead; $10.
Amanda M. Haynes (widow), Charles I*,
Nettie A. and Phillip C. Haynes to George W.
H. Patterson, lot on SW corner of Mansell and
Princeton streets, W- 120 by S 100, block 125,
University Homestead; $10.
Matthias King Gray and Helen Gray to Olive
Verkouteren, lot on NW corner of Eighth ave
nue and L street south. N 100 by W 120, block
140, Central Park Homestead; also lot on SW
corner of Eighth avenue and L street south,
S 100' by W 120, block 165, same; $10.
Builders'- Contracts.
E. J. Baldwin (owner) with Crawford Ferris
(contractor), architects William Mooser & Son
— Brick underpinning of westerly wall of Bald
win annex from N line of Market street to S
line of Ellis, four-story building on N line of
Market, 141:10% E of Powell, N 192, E 25:7, S
41. SE 107:8, W 108s 10%; $ .
Henry T. Scott and Charles E. Green, guar
dians of estates of Charles T. and Jennie A.
Crocker, minors (owners) With Gulick & Weth
erbee (contractors), architects Bliss & Faville
—Rough plumbing, sewering and gasntting for
a five-story and basement brick, stone and iron
building on SE' corner of First and Mission
streets, S 187:6, E 275 to W side of Fremont,
W 137:6, N 137:6. W 137:6; $3747 50.
Mary E. McClain. (owner) with R. H. Walker
(contractor and architect) — AH . work ' for a
two-story frame residence on lot It' on E side
of Nineteenth avenue in Sunset District; $1960.
>, , « ? ¦ , .
HOTEL ABJEtlVALS.
"GRAND
T Butler, Chicago >
D R Blgler & w, Cal
F H Mehen, Virginia
J S Craig, Woodland
P Berhelm, Vallejo
2 W Runyon, Cal
f D Smith, Cal
D Levy, Williams
A. Goshiner, Reedley
T J Smith, Oroville
r C Sneider, Broderlck
W V Freeman, Cal
ft B Weber,Columbu6
W. Murray, Woodland
H Jacobson, Cal
A G Birch, Alameda -
D P Munthe Alameda
D A Smith, Los Ang
R B Dickinson, L Ang
R Greenfield &. w, LA
L H Bartlett, Boston
A Arnold, Oakdale -:
A. M Rawson, L Ang
E Carney Jr, S Barb
B J Roy', S Barbara
I F E Thelman, ¦ Seattl,
a A Whltby, Newman
E W Astel & w, U S A
3 E Sackett, Seattle
H' Morris, Fresno
J McCudden, Vallejo
HOTEL. \
Miss McCudden, Valjo
W D Maltgan,' Stkton
H R Stearns, Boston '
C L Galvln-, Cal
W A Maxwell & w. N
Mexico
Mrs F J Ward, N Mex
G M Fontaine, S Jose
I R Crowell, Colorado
H M Wolf, Chicago
I Mackay, .Chicago : k
Mrs A W Jones, Minn
J Cooke, Sacto
J B Reed, Portland'."
A Grlffln, Fresno
Mrs J E-Merrltt,' Cal
R H Wallace, Portland
C C Burrlll & w. Me I
Mrs Nichols Jr, Cal
3 Solon Holl, Sacto
L Booth, Cal .• -
A. A SmallHeld, Stocktn
J R Chlnn, Portervllle
J B Batcher, Sacto •
W S Graham, Sacto
H F Flower, Seattle
H M Bishop,. Seattle
Mrs C W Beers, Cal
H S Brown, Cal
S Flint, Cal
PALACE HOTEIx"
J H Ullman, Chicago
C E Locke, Mass
D A Macbett, Balto
AB Wells, Mass
W T Draper Jr. N Y
J R Thompson. NY
J G Mott, L Ang
W T Brlston, N Y
Mrs Prosser, N. Y
M White, London i
F A- Story & w. .Stnfd
C M Sain, Reno
W A Glassford, USA
R W Handley, Englnd
J D Mackenzie, S Jose
Miss Mackenzie,* S Jose
T Flint, S Juan '
S F.-Lusk, N Y •
W McC Todd,;N Y
S Drake & w, Chicago
W H Burt, ¦ Vermont •-
R Sterrett, Wash
W Schyrock, Balto
J F Davis. Jackson
W Epllng & w, NY
M Trump & w, Pa
Miss Trump, Fa
W H Trump, Pa •
J T Richards & w. Pa
Miss A Richards, Pa
R A Nichols, USA
Dr Mitchell. & w, Pa
P Schuyder .& w, N Y
E L Avery, NY
J Wolfskin, L Ang
L» Harris, • Butte
T E Hayden. St Louis
: E Reinhart,' Nevada •
O W Brown, Mass i'.
E P Blake, Brockton
R Pagret, London ¦
P LShuman. Cal
A S Nichols & w, NY
L L Gray, Fresno
M Ascher & w, Chigo
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C West, Eureka .
C Cooper, Portland
F C Dellegar, Portland
R Adams, • Denver,
M Nlghtwlne. Keswick
C L. Green, Sonora
S C Ballard, S Jose
W Faber, Boston . .
RH Stone, Illinois ;;
J.Flgar, China;
J A Vogle.: Pa .
H T Smith, Sacto .
H Polland, L Ang
I R A Welch, L Ang
H Roby. Peckham
: L C.BIglbw. Peckham
" J Dougan, Oakland .
J Mulroy, "Ingleside .
R Dunnbak, Salt Lake
D F CoIey,.:Alcatraz
Sergt Duqton, Alcatraz
Railroad Strike. in Australia.
PERTH, Western Australia, July 6.— A'
general railroad strike ¦ for increased
wages ¦ has commenced here and the con
sequent tie-up of the roads is complete
throughout , Western Australia.
¦¦¦¦JO OiRE THREAT
President Shaffer Denies
' Story of General
-I- Strike.
Trouble Among Freight Hand
lers in St. Louis x
- Continues. : .
PITTSBURG, Jruly 5.— There, seems* to
bo little or no change in the steel strike
situation. President Shaffer of the Amal
gamated Association denied the rumor
that he was gling to New York for- a
conference with the officials of the United
States Steel Corporation, but said he
might go to Milwaukee to assist in the
settlement j of several special scales for
the Federal Steel Company. He said
there was nothing new in the . situation.
Asked whether he had made the state
ment attributed to him. that if, at the
expiration of a certain period no agree
ment had* been reached, he would order
out all the Amalgamated men employed
in mills controlled by the United States
Steel Corporation, President Shaffer re
plied that he had never given anybody
occasion to say anything of the kind. ¦
A. reorganization of the executive per
sonnel of the National Steel Company and
the American Steel Hoop Company wa3
effected at meetings of the. boards of di
rectors in New York Wednesday, July 3,
by the election and appointment of the
following officers for both companies: W.
E." Correy, president;- H. P. Bope, first
vice president; W. W. Blackburn, second
vice president and secretary; W. Caus
land, treasurer; Henry P. Bope, general
manager of sales; J. P. -Kessler Jr., gen
eral agent;- D. G. Kerr, ore supply agent.
The result of the reorganization is that
all of the new officers are officials also of
the Carnegie Company. The general of
fices of both companies have been trans
ferred from New York to Pittsburg.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— An effort made by
the striking freight handlers of East St.
Louis to call out the men in the freight
houses on this side 'of the river to-day
was only partially successful. Less than
a hundred went out, it Is stated. A crowd
of 200 strikers and sympathizers from, the
east side, who crossed the river, were dis
persed by the police. Theattetapt to ex
tend the strike to the Missouri side^was
made, it is said.in retaliation for the pol
icy the railroads adopted of billing -freight
through to St. Louis in order to avoid the
congested warehouses on the east side.
In East St. Louis the congestion of
traffic continues, only a small quantity
of freight being moyed. The Illinois Cen
tral Railroad • has imported 120 negroes,
who were put to ¦work injthe places, of the
striking truckers and sorters. The strik
ing freight handlers are still confident of
winning through the co-operation of other
railroad men. , .
NEW YORK, July 5.— The following of
ficial statement was given out this even
ing by the United States Steel Corpora
tion:
"Apparently some misunderstanding has
arisen in the minds of the holders of
shares of stock of the United States Steel
Corporatkin. concerning the terms intend
ed to be covered by the dividends declared,
at the last meeting of the board of direc
tors. The dividends were intended to be
quarterly dividends covering the quarter
ending June 30, 1901. The reported earn
ings of subsidiary companies for this
quarter of course are in excess of the
amount of these dividends." . ';.
•
MAGNATES IN CONFERENCE.
Reports Tliat th.e Corporation Leaders
Are Talking of Peace.
PITTSBURG, July 5.— There is' reason
to believe that- something: of importance
touching the interests of the sheet steel
and hoop steel mills will develop here to
tnorrotf." It 1s known that a meeting of
the Amalgamated advisory board will be
held, and It was broadly hinted from a
semi-official source late to-day that a
peace conference had been held secretly
in New Tork between J. P. Morgan, C. M.
Schwab and others high in the United
States Steel Corporation with Persifer F.
Smith and John Jarrett of Pittsburgh
"It is more than likely that a reply to
the ultimatum of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation will- be in the h%nds of officials
to-morrow in time to be discussed by the
advisory board. It is suspected that local
labor leaders were to-day in telephone
conference with the New York people.
COWBOYS RIDE
ifiisiii
Montana Tram Robbejrs
Now in the Little
Rockies.
Tho Detectives Believe They
Know Men Who Com- \
. mitted the Crime.
ST. PAUL., July 5.— Cteneral Auditor JX
I. Elliott of the. Great- Northern Express
Company said to-day that the exact
amount of the loss by, the hold-up iit
"Wagner, Mont., on Monday last, was
$41,500. All but $300. 3ras currency sent
from Washington to the Montana Nation
al Bank of Helena, the rest being Great
Northern money in the through safe.
The consignment to the* Montana Bank:
consisted of bank, notes printed in sheets
of $10 and $20 bills.' Only nine were signed
by the president and, cashier of the bank,
but all could be readily passed without
their signatures.
- Elliott received information late to
day that the identity of the men who
robbed the express safe has been estab
lished by Pinkerton men sent from/ St.
Paul. He did not care to give out their
names until satisfied, that the detectives,
had made no mistake. "If the Pinker
tons are right," said he, "the men are ex
perienced hands and have held up trains,
on other roads." '¦ >
¦ The report that the robbers had been
surrounded, Elliott said, was not verifleot
by information received by Great North
ern officials. Their horses were chased by
a posse about fifty miles south of 'Malta,
Mont. Officials of the express company
believe that the men had fresh mounts
and suppose they eluded their pursuers
and are now in the Little, Rockies, a wild
country well supplied with hiding places.
The district will be guarded by a picked
posse and the authorities hope to capture
the men when they try to get out.
A party of cowboys has started north
from Lewiston in the Judith Basin,, to
intercept the robbers should they continue
southward from the Little Rocky Moun
tains. . . ¦
POPE LEG MAY OBJ>ER.
AN, INQUIRY • IN" MEXICO
Prominent Catholics Send a Message
to Some Regarding Attacks
:. on Priests, j
CITY OF MEXICO, July 5.— A number
of prominent Catholics have sent a mes
sage to' the Pope relating to the recent
scandals which have recome public here
and attacking priests who have been pu £>-
llcly accused, and it is believed that the
Pope will send a personal representative
to make an investigation of the state of
affairs.
There is much, excitement over the oon
tlnued charges made by the press, espe
cially the liberal papers. One at leas.t of
the. clerical scandals is to be venti?.atett
in the criminal court immediately and
public attention is now centered on it.
There will be. a strictly impartial b'at un
sparing investigation of some of the worst
scandals. , -
Boom for the New Lieutenants.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— It. was stated
at the War Department to-day, that more
than adequate provision has btien made
for the appointments to the rant? of lieu
tenant in the regular army, both' by ajN
pointment and by designation' for exam
ination, a surplus of applicants being al
lowed in* order to provide for possible fail
ures. It was announced that the names
of the applicants who will take the exam
ination and fail will not be divulged.
Appointments by tlte President.
' WASHINGTON, July 5.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Frederick V. Martin- of Indiana to be
Commissioner of Immigration, port of
San Juan, Porto Rico.
Jacob John Hunker, commander In the
navy, on the retired list.
Paul E. McDonald and Russell M.
Young 1 , assistant surgeons, rank of lieu
tenant, junior grade, navy.
Work Begins on the "Warships.
•WASHINGTON, July 5.— The Navy De
1 partment has been advised that a start
has been made on the new battleships and
armfired cruisers, the Colorado, building
at Cramps, being the first under way. The
! foTf.hcoinins report wiH show that she is
two . j>er cent completed. It marks the
'• s tart on these eleven bis ships. The two
per cent represents the keel and some 300
tons of material, frames, etc.
j SPARKS FROM ENGINE
j START CONFLAGRATION
Mrs. Oliver Wilson Barely Escapes
From Her Burning' I5.8dwo.od
.\;;v,. ¦'.-;; City Home.
REDWOOD CITY. July 5.— A n amber of
fixes were started yesterday Along the
railroad track 'between here arid San Ma
teo, doing considerable damage. Tfcgjjr are
supposed to have been set by sparks from
the locomotives of the Southern Pacific
Company. The one that caused the great
est damag-o started in th*i dry grass at
Belmont and worked up toward. the foot
hills, a distance of five or six blocks, to
the old Jnnke picnic rrounds, where it
communicated to the dwelling recently
erected arid occupied oy Oliver "Wil3on of
San Francisco. The house, with all Its
contents, was consumed, and Mrs. Wilson
and her infant child barely escaped from
the burning structure.
Mrs. V/ilson "was bathing her baby when
she discovered the house on fire. She im
mediately left to give the alarm. The fire
men at San Mateo were notified by tele
phone, but by the time they reached Bel
mont the blaze was beyond control.
LATE SHIPPING rKTEIilGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 5— Bktn Pal-
Imyra. for San Francisco.
NEAH BAT— Passed out July 5— Ger bark
Thalassa. for Queenstown; schr Ida Schnauer,
: for Honoiim. -
PORT TOTVNSEND-^Passed out July 5— Schr
I Meteor, from San Pedro*
S Passed oat July 5— P-ktn Newsboy, hencs
J June 21. •
!¦ Sailed July 5— Schrs Incafor, Noumea and
i Lyman D Foster, for Catlao.
THE SAN ERANCJSCO CALL,,SATURDAY,;JTJLY 6. 1901.
13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. j
BUCIfAKAX. BBt—Bannr corner parlor salts:
complete housekeeping; gas range; bath; rea-
sonabit ; rIko others. '
EDDY. C04— Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitehrn; gas range; running water; complete
for housekeeping.
ELLIS. 1127—2 or 3 nicely fumirhed front sunny
room?, wittf bath : private family. -
FIFTH. 34S— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap. . " ¦ .
FIFTH, 353 — 2 or 3 furnished housekeepi ng
from fiO to $20; also single, ?4 up. 1
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny |
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water; $10. j
TOLSOM. €T0. bet. 2d and 3d— Sunny furnished
100m: also housekeeping: large garden.
FODBTH. 225— Nice large housekeeping room;
. also other rooms.
ili^ART. 5C9— Handsomely furnished suite for
housekeeping;; bath on floor.
OEARY, 1237, corner Goush— 3 furnished or
partly furnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; reasonable. . .
HOWARD, 1609—3 nicely furnished Eunny
rooms; jas and bath.
HOWARD, 10(3—2 comp. furn. front bay-win-
'tow nousekpg. rms.; elec. lights; $12; others.
iiYDE. 112— Just furnished, front suite, house-
keeping:; also large front suite, private, bath;
ether rooms; reasonable; modern.
.; ESSIE, 474^ — Sunny front and back room;
Housekeeping.
LASKIE. 27. opp. Mission, near Ninth, bet.
Kighth and Ninth — 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping; furnished; rent ?12. I
MCALLISTER. 638 — Nicely furnished eunny
front rooms; sink; gas range; bath; laundry.
OAK. 119 — Large sunny front rxn. furnished for
housekeeping;,- $9 50; storage and closet.
POLK, 10C2— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POST. SGIS-Housekeeping suites from $10 to
$17 60; aiso single.
6ECOND, 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing and other rooms; neat, respectable, rea-
sonable. .
STOCKTON. £07— Furnished apartments to let;
nice, sunny housekeeping apartments.
SUTTER, 2(20— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
bath; furnished complete.
THIRTEENTH. 1S9, cor. Howard— Newly fur.
suit rms.. complete housekpg. ; man and wife.
THIRTEENTH, 31S — 2 sunny rooms for house-
keplng; unfurnished; second floor.
VALENCIA, 1232—1, 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms,
furnished; alcove; gas, bath; sunny; nr. depot.
WILLOW ave.. 10. off Larkin. nr. Eddy — 2 rms.
furnished pen. housekeeping: til; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ : ¦ .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Un.ta.rn.
AITL^O^^HOTE^^rGrant ave.— BestTVl a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
toe to $1 per night ; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Blegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 4543, near Douglass— Nicely
furnished single and double.
FOLSOM. 566A — By a German family uninonm-
bered; 2 small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM. $30— Nice sunny rooms, 75c and $1
per week, furnished.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOTEL Grayetone, €6 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city: steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
llOTEL ST. DEXIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references.
HOWARD, 930 (Boston House) — Furnished
rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c; neat and clean.
HYDE, 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms: private bath.
KEARXT. 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. *
MARaET, 1015 (New ArllngtonV— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 25c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms J10 up.
McCLELLAM), 200 Turk Et.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 OTarrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or Bin.; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to $1 50; week, S2 to
58; moEth, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EEVEXTH. 204, near Folsom— Unfurnished; 3
nice clean sunny rooms; connected etove;
sink, bath; tubs; SS; call afternoons.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SfEXA House and saloon, 410-412 Broadway —
Host elegantly furnished sunny rooms In lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha«. been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good j
service; popular rates. SD7 California st. ¦
THE Victor, 1006 Pine — Xew management; thor-
oughly renovated ; sunny euites with board.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, S15 Lea\ r enworth — Fine eunny
rooms, sinjde and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, rn suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Bepdler. 781 Putter— N«>wly furnished;
/¦xcellent table: epecial rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 3?2O Market— Suites. 2 or 3
rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Poet and Powell sts. ; tel. Main S713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS8.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. T22 Mission St.;
§tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Etorac« and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore Et. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRrTERS^We
pell bettor machines for less money than any
iiouse in thn city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, C36 California; telephone Main 268.
REXT a new Franklin typewriter for Jl week
end have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 3d Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $69: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines, 810 up. 20> Sansome.
DIVIDEND XOyiCES.
DI VIlJHN^^iot?c^^nT?^va^a^N«lonaT Bank
«f San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2, 1S01. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1SC1. at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
16th 1nst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th inst. both days in-
clutive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com- '
pany. consolidated— A dividend, I^o. 31, of
seventy-five cents (75c) per ehare on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared payable *t the office of the com-
pany. 435 California St., San Francisco, on
July 10. 190L Transfer books close July 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
DI VIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
"t the company, 227 Market St.. on and after
4% "WEDNESDAY. July M, 1901. Transfer books
flo&ed Saturday. June 29. 1901. at 12 o'clcy*
m. _E. H. SHELDON. Secrotarjg|g
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank.- 222
Montgomery rt.. Mills building— For .the half
, : ear ending Jur.e 29, 1901, dividend on term
4'.?i>OKlts at the rate of three and six-tenths
<~ €-50) per cent i>er annum, nnd on "ordinary
cyxislts at the rate of three (8) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be parable on and'
after July X, 1301.
* . - -»... ¦- «S- L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
SUMBOLDT Saving* and Loan Society. 18
Geary et. — The directors have declared a dlv-
* Idend of 8?4 -per cent per annum on its depos- <
Its, payable on and after July 1. 1901.
;f?^ ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
1
SPECIAIi :XOTICES.\
THE Pacific- Hebrew Orphan' Asylum nnd
Home Society. hereby gives notice that they
have admitted intojlhe orphanage from Janu-
ary 1. 1901, to; June 30.-1 901. the following
named orphans "and half orphans,' boy3 and j
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged S yrs. 2 mos.; Hat- j-_
tie Wall, 13 yrs. 1 mo.-; .Arthur Wolf, 5 yrs. t
6 mos.; Augusta Smith,' 10 yrs. 10 mos. ; Rosa
Blame, 4 yrs. 2 mes.: t Max Shloker. 6 yrs.
9 mos.- Isidor Kbloker, 5 yrs. 3 mos.: Hen-
rietta Shloker. 4 yr?. 4 mns.; Alta Cohen, 8
jte. C mos.; Annie Cohen, 5 yrs., 11 mos.: Lil-
lian Cohen. 30 yrc=. 4 mos.: Ruby Cohen, . yrs.
7 rnog • Esther Pchwarzberg, 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
Estella" Miller, 11 yrs. 11 mos.; George J.
Miller 10 yrs. 4 mos. ;- Rose Shapeero, 9 yrs.
9 mos.'; Ellas Shapeero, 7 yrs. 3 mos.; David
Shapeero. 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 30 mo?.; Abe Kamplngky. S yrs. 1 mo.
NOTICE is hereby giv.en that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, »29 Lake St., San Francisco, has
received the following orphans and half or-
phans— plrls— from April 1 to July 1, 1901:
Bertha Koepp, 3 years 5 months; Pauline Ol-
seii 9 years 10 months; Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months; Sadie Chapman, 9 years .7
months; Lora E. Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Mcnahan, 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavil-
¦ lan, 10 years 5 months; Julia Voss, 11 years 3
months; Floria Voss, 7 years; Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months; Genta KIshburn, 8
years; Violet M. Bishop, 11 years 11 months;
Gladys W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or Country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19, tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
Eultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
LEGAL ADVERTISEJIEXTS.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot~NoT
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 6, 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
* tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thence
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of Ea6t street one hundred (100)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo 6treet;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line- of Val-
lejo 6treet with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line . of Broadway to the Intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
Etreet to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommissioners.
its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely In, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un ;
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
euch cars to, from and on said premises to be
done, and performed only by the said board,
its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for euch hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board. Its
successor or successors; such payment to be
in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state,
among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. A statement of
the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement ajid
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
In the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. PARIS KILBURN, RU-
DOLPH HEROLD JR.. JOHN C. KIRK-
PATRICK, Board of State Harbor Commis-
sioners. LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
WM. D. ENGLISH, Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— Probate
—In the matter of the estate of WILLIAM
H. ATERS. deceased. Notice for publication
of time appointed for probate of will, C. C.
P., Sec. 1303. Notice is hereby given, that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July, A. D.
190L at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court,
at the New City Hall, In the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, : have
' been appointed as the time and place for
provin? the will of» said WILLIAM H.
AYERS. deceased, and for hearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the. is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon.
<Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, I>eputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. 1901.
HENRY. C. McPIKE.
¦ ¦' Attorney for Petitioner.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE -of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash-, July 1, 1901.— Sealed proposals, In
triplicate, will be received at depot quarter-
master's office. Portland, until 10 a. m.. Pa-
cific time, and at Chicago, 12 m., Central
time, 13th inst., for furnishing and delivery
of 2S0 standard cavalry horses at Portland,
Forts Riley and Leavenworth, or other promi-
nent railroad points, subject to an increase
of 20 per cent. Preference given to animals of
domestic production, conditions of quality and
price being- equal. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. For further information
see Circular to Bidders or apply to quarter-
master at Portland or Chicago. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked: "Fro-
posals for Cavalry Horses," and addressed to
Depot Quartermaster, Portland or Chicago.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Walter S. Boone, 22, 121 Twenty-ninth street,
and Clares* Glttus, 21, Oakland, ' -
John J. Caasidy, 2L 3104 Point Lobos ave-
nue, and Katherine J. Riley, 2L 905 Ellis st.
Frederick McGregor, 85. city, and Mary A.
Jenninrs, 25, city.
A.- Broughton Thompson, 32, Hullville, and
Casrie Leonard, 21. Hullville. /
Joseph J. Silva. 26, Oakland, and Annie/ L.
ChardinelH, 25, Oakland.
George R. Elliott, 40, Portland, and Mary
A. Devine. 34, Portland.
Charles W. Isaacs, 22, 631 Jessie street, and
Alice M. Fulton, 19, 1505% Market street.
Brandi Raffaelli. 25. 702 Turk street, and
Giosepplna Gianninl, 18. 707'Natoma street.
John T. Connelly, 21, 1017 Capp street, and
Katie Cralff. 21. city.
Exum P. Lewis, 37, Berkeley, and Evelyn L.
Eheppard. 28, city.
John Page. 41, city, and Annia Hollenbeck.
22, Oakland.
Lai Sine, 29, 709 Commercial stre*et. and
Leong King:, 25, 709 Commercial street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with th«*name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. V *
JURGENSEN— In this city, July 5, 1901, to the
wife of John Jurgensen, a daughter.
~~ MASRIED. "
GUSTAFSON— CARLSON— In this .city, July 1,
1901, by the Rev. S. D. HutslnpiUer, William
Gustaf son and Anna Carlton, I both of San
Francisco. " . -
KILER— MATHEWSON— In this city, July 3,
1S0L by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, Charles
B. . Kiler of San Francisco and Laura
Mathewson of Los Angeles, Cal. = :
THOMPSON— LEONARD— In this city, July B,
1901, A. B. Thompson and Cassie Leonard,
both of Hullville, Cal.
VOCKE— STAMM— In Alameda, July 4, 1901,
by the Rev. W. Brandes, Fred Vocke and
Louise Stamm,- both of Ban Francisco. .:.
DEEP. ,
Alcott, Mary Hentzell (infant)
Barry. Frances Hill, Ethel V.
Buchner 4 Vincent Hurley, Nellie F. ¦'
Blddecompe. Charles - Kelley, Susan
Campbell. . Margaret Kenna, Mamie E.
Coblyn, Laura I. Meyerback, Marcelia
Coghill. Andrew J. Miller, A. A. de G.
De Solla, J. M. Moloney, I Patrick ' E.
Dolan. William P. Pearee, James W.
Esmond. William F. \Peterson, Peter A.
. Fahey, Mra. C. Preston, Glen C.
- r reitas, Thomas ¦ Rovegno, Rosa
Frledrick. Charle« G. Sherry, Harry S.
J Greens, Charles ; Pkldmore, Marian L.
Hasrerman. W. S. Sullivan, Mae F. '
Harrison, Benjamin . Thlele. Anne H.v "^
Harnsson, Joseph J. Wagner, Augusta
Heffernan. William. Wagner. Philip
ALCOTT— In this city. July 5, 1901, Mary be-
loved mother of Mamie Alcott. and sister of
Mrs. A. McDonald. Mrs. P. Reilly, Mrs
Daniel Kerrigen and Patrick ' McGoldrlck, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, • aged 42
years.
C3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf James MeMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
., street, opposite new Postof flee, thence to St.
•Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
BAHRY— In this city. July 4, 1901, Frances,
beloved, wife of William Barry, and mother
of John J., Richard. L., Thomas A. and Leti-
tia Barry; a native of County Cork, Ireland.
*, aged C9 years. .
j '. E7"The funeral will take place this day
• ; (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from- her late
• residence, 51 Rausch street, thence to St.
Joseph's- Church, where ' a* requiem mass will
be celebrated, commencing at 10 O'clock. In-
¦ terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
BUCHNER— In this city. July 4, 1901, Vincent
Buchner, beloved lirother of Bartholomew,
John nnd Isnatlus Euchner and Jacob and
Aloysius Buchner of Brooklyn, N. Y., a na-
tive of Bavaria; Germany, aged 35 years 11
months and 23 days. A member of St. Peter's
Society and the Brewer Workmen's Union
no. 7. y
EirFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church, Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BIDDP;COMBE — In this city, July 4, 1901,
Charles Blddecombel/ a native of. England,
"aged 44 years. , ' - .
CAMPBELL— In this city, July 5, 1901, Mar-
garet Campbell, a native of County Water-
"ford, Ireland, aged 70 years. .
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2041 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church,~ where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holj
Cross Cemetery. • .
COBLTN— In this city, July j 4, 1901, Laura
Isabel, dearly beloved wife of Alexander
Ccblyn, daughter of Margaret and the late
j John Holland, darling sister of Mrs. C. T.
Rogers, Mrs. Dunn. Mrs. Clara Howell and
John, William and the late George Holland,
smd niece of Mr. and Mrs. James Carr, a na-
tive of California.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence at Colma./opposite Holy Cross Ceme-
tery- Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Funeral car will leave Thirtieth street and
San Jose avenue at 1 o'clock. . >
COGHILL— In this city, July 4, 1901, Andrew
Jackson Coghill, father of Mrs. W. G. Roun-
trce end Ella, William H. and Newton B.
Coghill, and brother of Thomas B. Coghill, a
native of Virginia, aged 72 years 8 months
and 1 day. .
in?*Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,' 1614
Union street. Interment private.
DE SOLLA— In Denver, J. M. de Solla, a na-
tive cf Holland, aeed 84 years. ' - •
DOLAN— In this city, July 3, 1901, William P.
Dolan, dearly beloved eon of Patrick C. and
Sarah E. Dolan, and brother of James C,
Edwin, Sadie M.. Arthur B., Philip T.,
Frank and Loretta Dolan, a native of
Brighton, Sacramento County, Cal., ajjed 26
'years 3 months and 16 days. (Sacramento
\ papers please copy.)
C7Friends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 407 Oak street, near Laguna. Inter-
ment National Cemetery.
ESMOND— In Lorin, July 4, 1901, William
Frederick, beloved husband of Addie Es-
mond, and father of Mrs. Alice Brown and
Frank Esmond, a native of Minnesota, aged
67 years 10 months cind 14 days.
FAHET— In this city. July 4, 1901, Mrs. Cath-
erine Fahey, beloved wife of John Fahey, a
• native of Ireland, aged 69 years 1 month and
1 day. » *
E7"The funeral will > take place s this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 150S Taylor street. Interment private,
in Holy Cross Cemetery. . Please omit flow-
. ers.
FRIEDRICK— In this city, July E, 1901, Charles
G. Frledrick, beloved brother of Mrs. Jo-
hanna Zimmerman and John G. Friedrick, a
native of Germany, aged 77 year» 8 months
and 29 days.
FREITAS— In this city, July 5, 1901, Thomas,
dearly beloved son of Mr. Manuel and Mrs.
Clara Freitas, and brother of Alfred and
Joseph Freitas, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months and 1 day. .
Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 3 Bartol place, off Broadway, near
Montgomery street, thence to Laurel H1H
Cemetery.
GREENE— In Auburn, Cal., July* 4. 1901,
Charles Greene, beloved husband of Margaret
Greene, and father, of Emma L. and C. H.
Greene, a native of New York, aged 64 years.'
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy fctreet.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAGERMAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July 5, 1901, W. S. Hagerman, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 47 years.
HARRISON— On board Sierra, June 8, 1901,
Benjamin Harrison, beloved husband of the
late Helene G. Harrison, and father of Mrs.
i Captain Hansen, Mrs. C. W. Jones and Ben-
jamin Harrison, a native' of ' the United
States, ased 52 years and 7 months. Mem-
ber Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 25.
tn7The funeral •will take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J., S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment private.
HARRISSON— In this city. July 4, 1901, Joseph
James Harrisson, a native of England, aged
. 67 years 4 months and 20 daj's.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, July 5, 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of the late Jo-
hanna Heffernan, and father/ of "Katie and
the late Garrett Heffernan, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 307 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
] rlck'o Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HENTZELL— In this city, July 5, 1901. infant
son of E. A. and Nellie Hentzell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 15 days.
O^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,- from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., '318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HILL— In Berkeley, July 3, 190i; Ethel Vir-
ginia, daughter of Joseph and Margaret K.
Hill, and sister of Sidney B. and Starr M.
Hill, a native of Nevada.
IC^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her
parents' residence, 2121 Hearst avenue,, cor-
ner Walnut street. Berkeley. Interment at
Mountain View Cemetery.
HURLEY— At the Potrero, July 5, 1901, Nellie
Frances, dearly beloved daughter of William
and Nellie Hurley, and sister of John, Willie,
Dan, Lizzie and Annie Hurley and Mrs. Amil
T. Krant. a native of San Francisco*, aged
19 years 6 months and 12 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 821 street. Potrero, thence
to St. Theresa's Church for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KELLEY— In this city, July 4, 1901, Susan
Kelley, beloved mother of George A. and
Thomas C. Kelley, Mrs. Jennie Small, Emma
B. Young, Sadie Kelley and Helen G. Jacob,
a native of New Brunswick, ased 68 years.
(Lowell. Mass., papers please copy.)
ETFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
**denca 105 Second avenue, thence to Star of
the Sea Church at prompt 10 o'clock, where
cervices will be held. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery, by carriage.
KENNA— In this city, July 3, 1901, Mamie E.,
beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Anna Kenna,- and sister of Mrs. J. 13. Moore
and Nellie, Willie, John and the late Maggie
Kenna, a native of San Francisco.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
tnence to St. Peter's Church for services at
1:30 ' o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . ' ~T
MEYERBACK— In this city, July '4, 1901, Mar-
eella, beloved wife of Louis Meyerback,
mother of Mrs. F. Castagnetto, and sister of
Miss A. Cooney, Mrs. M. Warren and Wil-
liam Cooney, a native of San Francisco. ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦
I inTFuneral to-morrpw (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her sister, Misa
A. Cooney, 291 Union street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
MILLER— A., A. de Germain Miller, brother of
C. V. Miller, 10S4 Bu«h street. An anniver-
sary requiem high mass ¦ will be celebrated
this day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at Notre
Dame des Vlctoires French Church, Bush
street, near Dupont. ' , /
"MOLONEY— In this city, July 4. 1901. Patrick
E., .beloved husband of Nellie Moloney, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. B. C. Pholey,
Mrs. J. B. Allen and the late John E. Mo-
loney, a native of County Cork, Ireland. A
member, of Yerba Buena Lodge N6. 1788,
Knights of Honor, and Lincoln Post," G.
aTk. . - ¦. .
(¦^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral Monday,
July 8, 1901, at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to*Flannagan & Gallagher*)
• DANIEL P: .DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Bt., opposite Lincoln- School.
' Telephone ¦ South 80.. -. .:,
Eugene McGinn. • McGINN.BROS.
Funeral ; Directors and Embalmers,
; 31 EDDY STREET.
''Telephone South 252. . ... •¦ San Francisco.
No Co "n^ 1^J*^Wi^LAS y _SiIl?. r e ' '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. ;, ;. '
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
* - V J. HENDERSON. Manager.
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy 1 Cross Cemetery. . "•' - / '¦•.;'•
YERBA BUENA .Lodge No. 1788,- Knights of
Honor— Members are requested to attend the
funeral of our late, brother, P. E. Moloney,
Monday, July 8, 1901, at 8:30 o'clock, from
. the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27 and-
29 Fifth street,: thence to Holy 1 Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ THOMAS'MARLJN, Dictator.
It. H. NOBLE, Reporter. ., : -'
PEARCE— In this city, July 5, 1901, James
¦Witt Pearce, beloved husband . of • Emma
Pearce, and father of George, Arthur, Harry,
Llzzio syid Lina Pearce,- a, native of Wim-
borne, England, aged 76 . years and 6 months.
PETERSON— In this city, July 4, 1901, Peter
,A. Peterson, beloved husband of Mrs. P. A.
. Peterson, a native of . Sweden, aged 41 years
;; 11 hicnths >.and 27 days. 1
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the' -funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
. James MeMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postoffice. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.. ,....- .
PRESTON— In Alameda, July 4, 1901, Glen C. '
Preston, beloved brother of F. B. and P. W.
Prestcn, a native, of Washington, acred 16
' years 3 months and 28 days.
ROVEGNO— In this city, July 5, 1901, • Rosa,
dearly beloved wife of Stefano Rovegno, be-
loved niother of James, Jennie' and Josie
Kovcsno and Mrs. Louisa. ZambellJ, . and
grandmother of Silvio, Walter, Irene, Mar-
• guerite and the late Albert Zambelll, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 53 years 7 months and 21
days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrovr
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2491 Market street, corner of Sanchez.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
BHERRY— In Benicia,- drowned, 'Harry' S.
Sherry, beloved son of the late M. S. and
Margaret Sherry, and brother of Mary, John
and Jennie Sherry and Mrs. W. B. White, a
native of Oakland, Cal., aged 22 years : 10
months and 7 days. .... ..
SKIDMORE— In this city, July 5, 1901, Marian
Lucinda Skidmore, mother of Mrs. George P.
Low and Oscar H. Skidmore, a native of
j Battle Creek, Mich., aged 61 years i months
and 22 days. - . ¦ . • •
* ICT" Notice of funeral . hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In Benicia, July 5, 1901, Mae
Frances Sullivan, dearl" beloved daughter of
Michael H. and .Julia Sullivan, sister of
Margaret and the late Edward Sullivan, and
niece of Cornelius D. and Mary E. Hyde, a
native of Benicia, aged 16 years 1 month and
22 days. * . ¦ ¦ . "¦ . ,
THIELE— In this city, July 4, 1901, Anne H..
beloved wife of Dr. E. Thlele, and' mother of
B. K.. -E. H. and Hattie Thlele and Mrs.
Annie Rudolf, a native of Germany, aged 63
years 1 month and 8 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, *1S Fillmore etreet. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. - ' •
WAGNER— In this city, July 5, 1901, Augusta,
beloved wife of August "Wagner,' a native of
Sachsen, Germany, aged 61 -years 9. months
' and 11 days. (New York and Milwaukee pa-
pers please copy.)
ttypTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the' parlors
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
Seventh" and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city, Jujy 3, 1901, Philip
Wagner, a native of Germany, aged 79 years
1 month and 9 days.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. V.
Hall, corner' Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O.. F. Cemetery.' Remains at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass & Co.,
917 Mission street.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
_^_OF THE- — .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
, -OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, Scotland, on the 31st day
of December, . A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
Euant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Politfcal Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
. ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and - '
Bonds owned by Company $1,634,660 00
Cash In Company's Office 903 12
Cash in Banks.......... 123,93195
Interest due and accrued on all . •
Stocks and Loans 14,484 15
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 164,024 98
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 493 96
Due from other ¦ Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2,119 59
Total Assets ....$1,910.617 68
LIABILITIES. ' - ¦--
Losses adjusted .and unpaid..:.......! 62,728 64
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense .....:...., ¦ 48,640 70
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 11,196 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $937,721 08;
reinsurance 60 per cent 468,860 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $883,-
878 37: reinsurance pro rata 480,298 74
All other Liabilities.. 69,769 88
Total Liabilities ......$1,101,332 62
INCOME. ~ ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .....'................... $1,228,408 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources.. 62,762 90
Received for profit on sale of . se-
curities 7,108 23
Total Income .....$1,298,279 54
EXPENDITURES. ¦
Net amount paid < for Fire Losses
(including $201,773 23, . losses of
¦previous years ...••• $850,488 23
Paid or 'allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage ;........"..- 259,400 45
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... -90,008 27
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 40,320 19
All other ' payments and expendi-
tures -..._, 82,352 15
Total Expenditures ...$1.322,569 81
i , :,,-' "» ;.',". " ' •". - '.' ; ; . -' ' . ¦¦ r ~FIre.
Losses incurred during the year.....$ 73S.S62 52
Risks and Premiums.. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks} •
written- during thel •
year ..:..! $156,983,363 $1,702,843 15
Net amount -of Risks! "•¦ . ~
expired /'; during thel ¦ ¦ ~v.
year .......:.......:... 152,761,443 1,598,166 24
Net amount In force ' ' ¦ - ,
December 31. 1900.... ,181,59n.lS2 1.S21.699.45
CHAS. H. POST, U. S. Manager.,
;•¦-;-.:_ N. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 1001., H. F-. FRANCK.
, , .. ¦'. ' ' ¦ .' ~' -¦ ¦ ¦ ,\- Notary Public.
picinc coast^epartment;
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J CONROY, Manager.
; GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. ....;. Directors;
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE — f.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- ¦ —OF xmu
MANCHESTERFIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1900, and for
the year >ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of ¦ the -State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
- ASSETS.
Real Kstate owned by Company $3,312 14
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '
Bonds owned by Company...... 1,400,880 00
Cash in Company's Office 21.944 54
Cash in Banks .". .135,157 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,05417
Premiums In due Course of Collection 270,302 58
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 153 93
Due from other Companies for Rein- -
aurance on losses already paid...... 4.293 S3
Total Assets .....„....'„ $1,841,098 85
LIABILITIES. . ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid. $88.244 85
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense : 71.122 63
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 15,203 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. U. 078, 335 68;
reinsurance 60 per cent 539,167 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, J9S9.980 61;
reinsurance pro rata. 494,080 43
All other liabilities 79,33$ 47
Total Liabilities ; $1,289,405 40
¦ :'-. , .\ ¦ ¦ -' '. • " INCOME.. ¦ . - '• ¦ ¦
Net .cash actually received for Tin
premiums .$1,387,250 06
Received for interest and dividends
• ¦ on Bonds,. Stocks, Loans, and from, :
all other sources 52,496 72
, Total Income*..; J1.439.74S 78
" EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (in-'
¦ eluding $125,685 47, losses of pre-"
vious years) $875,051 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage :.' 283 502 38
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other • •
charges for officers, clerks, etc 86 6C OS
Paid for . State, National and Local
taxes -i ....; 60.70173
All other payments and expenditures. ' 88.393 09-
' Total Expenditures ; .$1,393,255 43
'• '¦¦ '" ¦¦'",'¦- ' .*"¦; ¦¦ /." , Fire.
Losses incurred during the year...... $308,754 63
1 Risks, and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net ¦ amount •' of Risks
written during the
year:........ $179,879,502 $2,013,063 14
Net - amount of Risks ¦
expired during the . . - .
year ................... 175,572,743 1.941,679 44
Net amount in force ' .
December 31, 1900 194,146,167 2.068.315 17
:; > - -; - , -GEO. S. A. YOUNG.
U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and rworn to before me. this 6th
day of February. 1901. EDWIN F. 1 . COREY •
' Commissioner for California' In New York.
PACIFIC CQASf^EPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J. CONROY- Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. Directors.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«t Steamers leave Broadway
l SjL* Wharf, San Francisco:
• UJ» * For Alaskan Dorts— 11 a. m..
'•¦ K«S3*^ij*». July 5, 10. 13. 10. 25, 30. Aug.
i SsaPfWraSSIfe 4 - Charge to company*
m^?TO steamers at Seattle.
fiRjift*g3 v*l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
JraSSCSlS'HsAl C). Port Townsend Seattle.
1 P^*"HS3|3g}|£aj Xacoma. Everett. Anacortea
and > :e " w "Whatcom ("Wash.) —
11 a. nr.. July 5, 10, 15. 20, "5. 30.
Aug. 4. and even* fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for ! this company's steamers for
Alaska and Q. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, and Humboldt Bay — 1:30 p. at..
July X. -6, XU 13. 20. 25. 30. Aug. 4. 9, 13, IS, 23.
28. Sept. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Corona. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
T For Los Anzeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
2tonterery. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hartord
rjaii Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
"\ .-ntura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
&ic and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
¦nita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, - Altata, La Par, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. •
The company reserves the right to chans*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & /¥. CO,
Only Steamship Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to at!
points East. Through liskets to all
points, all rail *H" utenmshto «tH pail, at
Xi<_> VVilST n^LTHS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLITDS B35TH sad MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12, 22. August 1. 11. a, 31
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails July 7, 17. 27, August 6, 16. 29
D.'W.HITCHCOCK,Gen.Agt.,l McntgonVy. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TO'K. GCUTH*¥P' n (W. IO"DOJT. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every "Wedneroay^ 10 a. m.
St. Paul...... August 7|St. Paul August M
St. Louis August 14 St. Louis.. September 4
Philadelphia .August 21J Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland July 17 *Vaderland ..August 7
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark ......July 31 'Zeeland Augusta
•Stop at Cherbourg; eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR«
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received ca board oa
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. Jaly 17. 190t
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Saturday. Aug. 10. 190X
SS. HONGKONG MARU
"Wednesday, September 4. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca,
421 Market etreet, corner Firat
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
- HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw/ Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG—^HAMBURO.
Deutschland ....July 11|F. BIsntarck....Aug. I
Columbia July 25 [Deutschland ...Augr. S
Twin-Screw Passengjr Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia July 13|"Waldersee July 27
Patricia July 20|»Bulgaria Augr. 3
•Sails to Hamburs direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcao Una. 37 B'way. N- Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General A gent 3 for Facifla
Coast. 401 California st.
oceanics.b.io. ssskb
SS. SIERRA for Honolulu only. ¦
Saturday. July 6, 3 p. m.
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July u, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, August S. 10 a. m.
J. D. SFBECKELS & BROS. CO., Bsnsraf Agents, 327 Harfet 8t
Qsn'l Passenger Office, 643 Hartal St., Pier do. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R,
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT:
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40.
6. S. Lselanaw. sails Monday, July IS
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Aug. 12
S. S. Lee!anaw ' calls Monday. Aug. 26
From. Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQ0S
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^w
Sailing every Thursday, instead of .«?5llv3>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ¦Ji'wiff'm
North River, foot? of Morton street; La Gaa-
cogne", July 11: *La Normandie. July 18; La
Bretagne, July 25; La Champagne, August 1.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and- upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPO3ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 61 ACONCAGUA ..July 2i
AREQUIPA ....July —IPERU ...August —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND YAUEJ3.
! Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLQ
9:45 a.m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. in., 8:30 p. in. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare a
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing' and of-
fice, pier 2, Mission-st. dock. HATCH BROS.Special services • will** be held in St.
Mary's Church, California street, to-mor
row at the llVclock mass. Father Thom
as McLaughlin, the celebrated singer and
speaker, who is-aboutrto. leave California
to resume his duties In his parish In New
Tork, will deliver the sermon. The music
which has been arranged for service will
be exceptionally fine.
Special Services at St. Mary's.
Go to Seattle To-Night.
$33 first class round trip, including
Bleeper. 310 Safe Deposit building. Tel.
Main 6S03. . •
r Mrs. Dora Marshall, 8 -' Gough street,
sworo tot complaints in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for. the arrest of a ser
vant, May. McCarthy, and Cyrus Fltzpat
rick, a. friend of Miss McCarthy, on a
charge of battery.
¦ Mrs. Marshall said that Miss McCarthy
swallowed ' a dose of carbolic acid about
two weeks ago .and she saved her life.
Thursday' "Fltzpatrlck called at the house
to . see Miss ¦ McCarthy, and without any
warning he grabbed " Mrs. Marshall by
both arms and held her while Miss Mc-
Carthy beat her severely on the head and
face. ; She was at a loss to understand the
cause of the assault. -
Severely Beaten by a Servant
The case of Matthew Collins, special
policeman, who was charged with burg
lary, Is practically at an end and Collins
is a free man. When the case was called
yesterday none of the witnesses who were
ordered to be in attendance nor the attor
neys were present except Morse's patrol
man, . showing that they considered tho
matter - closed. The Judge again asked
Captain Seymour to get Detective McMa
hon to swear to a new complaint, but the
captain refused and said it was "up to
Bier," who had sworn to the original
complaint The captain, however. In
structed McMahon to bring Collins In and
let the court deal with him. - ¦:> :
Collins Is a Free Han.
Nellie Lenhart of 847 Howard street at
tempted to end her life last night by
swallowing carbolic acid. She was taken
to the Emergency Hospital and success
fully treated. The woman was despond
ent over family troubles.
Swallowed Carbolic Acid.
and Jit is not at this time material. The
Barham strength, it Is said, was brought
to bear to block Browne's appointment as
notary unless his Federal position was
secured to the man selected by the south
erners. How strong- this pressure was
may be judged from the rant that it was
near about nine months after be resigned
his Federal place before Brownfe was com
missioned as afmotary public. The pres
sure of the men behind Browne proved
too strong for the Governor at last, and
the appointment was made. In the mean
time Browne, lelying upon the promise
that had been made to him. it is said,
stepped out of ihe Federal service to take
a more lucrative position with the real es
tate firm of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. on
Montgomery street. His place in the se
cret service is now filled by Harry Moffltt.
a brother of Hon. Frank J. Moffltt of
Oakland. Browne was commissioned as
a notary only about one month ago, and
he has been in the employ of Umbsen &
Co. about ten months.* Moreover,- he' has
given perfect satisfaction in that employ
ment. .
Has Confidence in Browne.
"Mr. Browne is in charge of our out-of
town.business," said G. H. Umbsen. "He
has given complete and entire satisfaction
in that position. Furthermore, he can hold
it until he sees fit to leave us to better
himself.. He can -hold it as long as he
wants to, or as long as he will favor us
by doing so. I say this in the full knowl
edge of every transaction in Mr. Browne's
past life. I know all about the Moscow
Bank matter, and I know that Mr. Browne
was. In no degree culpable in that affair.
I know . also that Mr. Browne resigned
from the Federal service, and was not
forced out, as Mr. Tarpey has charged.
Mr. Browne came to me months before he
resigned and wanted to engage himself as
my -business associate. He was a man
who could, make more money than he was
getting from the Government. I did re
ceive a letter from Mr. Tarpey, but I did
not show it to Mr. Browne, and never
even told him about it. I did not want to
Insult him. The best answer I could give
to that letter was to retain him in my em
ploy. He is with me, and, as I said be
fore, will stay with me at his pleasure."
¦ In the meantime It Is known that the
Tarpey letter has caused the Governor a
very considerable degree of disquiet, and
while Mr. Brov/ne is undoubtedly a 1 man
who has many very warm friends, it is
probable that the end of the story is not
yet written.
Clara Bell Brown, the famous anti-wo
man suffragist, entertained a fair sized
audience, at Sherman & Clay's Hall last
night with her most successful lecture,
entitled ¦"Woman's Love, not "Woman's
Vote." She is an interesting talker and
is thoroughly familiar with her subject.
She spoke of the stand taken by some
women on the property rights question
and of the works of many wealthy wo
men. She said the "mothers of Washing
ton, Grant,. Lincoln and other famous men
were worth 10,000 Helen Goulds."
• She spoke feelingly of the mothers of
tho country's soldiers, and said the moth
ers fought for the country by giving their
sons as soldiers. Woman, she claimed,
had no right to aspire to the voting fran
chise. She saw only calamity In the suc
cess of the woman's rights question, and
said the 'women who worked for the suc
cess of the measure were not representa
tive w6men. "There are thousands of In
tellectual women," said she, "who do not
want to vote.-" , •
Famous Lecturer Thinks Voting
Franchise for the Ladies Means
;. . Calamity.
CLARA BEIX BROWN TALKS
ABOUT WOMEN'S RIGHT3
Paulson was at work on the side of the
schooner Rainier at the foot . of Third
street. A slingful of heavy timbers be
ing hoisted over the side of the schooner
swung suddenly and jammed him up
against the vessel's side. He hung there
helplessly, unable to clear himself and
suffering greatly from the jam. John
Burr, who was standing by directing the
work, with rare presence of mind jumped
on the hanging timbers and shoved them
away from . the shipwright. Paulson as
soon as released dropped Into the water
and would have been drowned had not
Burr foreseen the danger and jumped into
the bay after the sinking man. Burr
struck the water almost as soon as the in
jured man. A rope was thrown to him,
which he grasped and held until the men
William Paulson.- a shipwright residing
In Alameda, was brought to the Emer
gency Hospital last night suffering from
a crushed thigh." caused by being caught
between a sling-load of lumber and the
side of the vessel on which he was work
ing. That he was not killed outright was
due to the heroism displayed by John
Burr, foreman of* the lumber company
unloading the vessel.
Paulson From Death.
Foreman John Burr Heroically Rescues Shipwright William
BRAVE DEED THAT RESULTS
IN THE SAVING OF LIFE
on the vessel pulled him and his almost
unconscious burden out.
Examination at he hospital showed that
Paulson's Injury, while severe, was not
serious.
RECENTLY APPOINTED NO
TARY PUBLIC AGAINST
WHOM CHARGES ARE MADE.
would not be given to him for the reason
that they were contained in the personal
correspondence of the Governor.,
Of course, the Governor has a right to
the privacy of his personal correspond
ence. Perhaps the. names of „ all of
Browne's indorsers are not so essential to
the development of the story now as they
were a few days ago. Perhaps there are
reasons why they should not be essential.
For It Is Intimated that there were more
purposes than the good of the State In
view when this particular appointment
was made. At all events, two of Browne's
most active advocates have been revealed
by. the Governor, and these two were will
ing to talk when seen. "I don't think I
signed Mr. Browne's petition for appoint
ment." said United States Marshal Shine.
"I am not sure on that. But I wrote a
personal letter to the Governor in his be
half. He wanted to go into the real estate
business when he resigned from the secret
service, and the appointment was to help
In that. "Yes, I heard that Tarpey -wrote a
letter about him, but I have no doubt that
Browne can explain that matter to your
satisfaction. You see him. His record In
office here was perfectly straightforward
and honest. I never heard the slightest
breath of wrongdoing hinted at. f>
Hon. W. E. Dargie of Oakland, who was
also said by Governor Gage to have been
particularly .active in the. matter of secur
ing the appointment, was likewise willing,
to talk. "I am primarily responsible for
the appointment of Browne;'.', said Mr.
Dargle. "I went and .saw the Governor
about it myself. It. was nothing- to me
especially, but. I. did It. for a. friend of mine.
I stand by my friends. 'Subsequently to
the appointment- the Tarpey 1 letter came
up, and the Moscow Bank matter has been
explained to me.I believethat Browne is
all right." " • . .; . , . , !
More Behind Appointment.
But it seems that there was more behind
this appointment of Browne than • either,
of the lndorsers of his candidacy who are
accessible is willing to '-tell, and the ap
pointment may eventuate in the develop
ment of several good-sized scandals. To
begin with, it was known in certain quar
ters that Browne was going to leave the
secret service a long time before he really
did leave it. " It" became known, among
other people, to Guy Barham and the co
terie of Southern California p politicians
who are popularly supposed to be close
to the Governor,, and. In" some way. these
politicians likewise learned that Browne's
resignation of ¦ his place was contingent
upon his receiving an. appointment as.no
tary public. Browne's place In* the secret
service was a" good job for a" hungry man,
and the Barham crowd ; determined < to
have It for one of their, men who was
hungry. Who this man was is not stated,
Salute of Thirteen Guns Is Fired' by.
GENERAL YOTTNG- • VISITS r i
MTLITAItY RESERVATION
Fifth Battery as He Enters
Grounds.: ; .
: Major General S. B. Young paid'- -his
first official visit to the Presidio yester
day. He was met at the Lombard-street
gats by Troops L and K. .Fifteenth Cav
alry, under command of Captain Wlnans.
The Fifth Battery, . Field Artillery, was
stationed on the hillside and as the com
manding officer entered the -reservation
fired a salute of thirteen guns.' " '
Owing to the small number of men sta
tioned at the Presidio there was no re
view of troops. General Young was driv
en through the reservation and the needs
of the post pointed out to him. 'He was
accompanied on his tour of. inspection- by
his chief aid, Captain Howard,' Fourteenth;
Infantry. . .- -v ¦¦••>- ¦. . ' • " ¦
There. are now no more volunteer troops
In the. service of Uncle Sam. The. last of
the regiments -was mustered out yester
day. The Forty T thlrd ; 'Infantry and a
company of the /^Thirty-eighth Infantry
were sent out .of the.' service with good
discharges. and full. pockets.
The Crystal; Hot j. Sea Baths.
Tubs and Kwlmmlngr. ' BeRt tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay St., near Powell.*
When th«" wolf is at a man's door h«
Isn't troubled' with book agents.
The awful murder of little "Robbie"
Hlslop la. no longer a mystery. After
weeks of hard work the police have finally
succeeded m locating the fiend who killed
the unfortunate boy. He la now under
constant surveillance and will be arrested
Just as soon as the chain of evidence
against him Is completed.
Since the commission of the frightful
crime Captain Seymour has had several
of his men working diligently to -find the
murderer. The only tangible clew to the
perpetrator was the ax which was used
by the murderer and which was found In
a vacant lot several hours after the crime
was discovered. After having a house to
house canvass made for an owner for the
Instrument of death, but without success,
the police were about to give up In de
spair, when they ran across a young man
who saw the murderer leaving the house.
The Murderer Eecognizsd.
' ' The detectives who are working on the
case refuse to say who the witness Is, but
they admit that he recognized the mur
derer as he started up the street. He
called after him, but the fellow did not
stop and was soon lost in the darkness."
Notwithstanding the reticence of the
police, it Is known that the man who Is
now under surveillance is a hardened
criminal, who has been arrested repeat
edly for various offenses. The motive
which prompted him to commit the brutal
murder was burglary. He saw Mrs. His
lop leave the house to Join her husband,
who conducts a store only a few blocks
from the scene of the crime, and conclud
ing that the residence was temporarily
deserted he determined to enter it in the
hope of securing rich booty.
After unlocking the door with a skele
ton key. he v/ent upstairs and started to
ransack the house. Failing to find any
thing of value in several of the rooms, he
entered the one occupied by young Hlslop,
when suddenly the boy awoke and pre
sumably recognized him. Fearing expo
sure and a consequent term In State's
prison, he used the ax with deadly effect
on the helpless boy.
As far as the Hlslops know, the desper
ate fellow secured only a gold pin, which
he found in a bureau drawer.
Searching for Evidence.
Every effort Is being made by the police
to find the pin. The various pawn shops
and second-hand . stores have ' been
searched for it, but without success. Un
til he becomes thoroughly satisfied that
the pin is hopelessly lost Captain Sey
mour intends to continue the search for it.
Who the man is they have under sur
veillance the police refuse to say. \ They,
however, admit that they '. are satisfied
that he is the right man, but for the pres
ent time, presumably on account of ,¦ wait
ing to get additional evidence against him,
they have decided not to immediately
throw him In Jail. Detective Tom Gibson,
who has charge of the case, thinks that
he will have enough evidence against the
fellow to warrant him in .placing him un
der arrest the early part of next week.
Suspect to Be Taken Into Custody
i When Chain of Evidence Is
Complete.
Now on Track of a Burglar
Said to Have Killed the-
Unfortunate Boy.
Detectives Hope to Soon
Make an Important
Arrest. /
THEHISLOP-
D. P. Tarpey Makes Serious Allegations Against Public R.S.
Browne in a Letter to the \Ghief Executive ;;Who r Now Has the
Case Under Consideration— Friends of | Accused' Defend Him
PREFERS GRAVE CHARGES AGAMST :¦;
AN APPOINTEE OF GOVERNOR GAGE
HEMPLE TAKES
FRENCH LEAVE
Creditors Mourn Depart
ure of Theatrical
Manager. .
After a Disastrous .Road
Venture.
He Suddenly Leaves-the Oity
Oeor^e Hemple, a theatrical man*s«ri
who for a brief period directed the for
tunes of Bobert Downing, the distin
guished tragedian, is missing, Hemple
left the city very unexpectedly a. few days
efto, and there are numerous persons who
have reason to deplore his sudden de
parture.
Hemple erriYed la this city la February
In th« capacity of manager for Robert
Downla.fr. He is a German of excellent
family, about 40 years of age. well edu
cated and a gUb conversationist. He
advertised the fact that he was a capable
theatrical maain every quarter where that
declaration might prove of value. He
claimed to have been the discoverer of the
queer circumstance that Anna Held dally
bathed in milk, and that he wa6 the first
to give publicity to that remarkable ad
vance agent's yarn. He also alleged,
•without fear of contradiction, that he was
the manager In his time of more theat
rical notables *Jian any other man on this
or the other side of the Atlantic
Hemple's connection in a managerial ca
pacity with Mr. Downing was the open
sesame to the hearts and reepect of nu
merous local theatrical foils, who now
have reason to mourn the confidence they
reposed in him. Although invariably out
of funds, he wasted the resources that
came his way with princely prodigality.
He lived at the St. Nicholas, where he
maintained an elegant suite, but when he
grew tired of the fare dispensed at this
hostelry he did not disdain to entertain
his friends at a fashionable downtown
French restaurant If the money neces
sary to liquidate the bills was not always
forthcoming, his assertion that he wae
the manager of Robert Downing was of
fered Instead, with flattering success.
Thus it was that Hemple soon became a
much sought for individual by collectors
for proprietors of this and sundry other
resorts.
Hemple Signs a Star.
All this might have been lived down had
not Hemple met his fate in the person of
& handsome, dark-eyed woman with the
atrical aspirations, known in certain
quarters as Mamie Ferguson. This was
a.bout two months ago, when Hemple was
considering tha project of sending a com
pany to tour the interior towns. Miss
Ferguson's charms of person and manner,
her soulful eyes, her chic, her talent and
her evident desire to shine as - a star in
the theatrical firmament completely cap
tured the susceptible heart of Hemple,
who immediately signed her for a starring
tour in an act designated as "The Flying
Angel." That 6be was in no sense an an
g-el for Hemple the sequel proved. That
she flew Into Sacramento and one or two
other interior towns with disastrous re
sults to her entranced manager the re
sults amply showed. ,
To put a company on the road required
money, but Hemple did not allow this
trifling circumstance to worry him. He
had a friend in George Davis, the popu
lar treasurer of the Central Theater, who
when he was convinced that Hemple's
theatrical scheme was plausible readily
advanced him $200 as a starter. Downing
yielded up a. trifle of $100 more, and from
other sources Hemple realized enough to
send his aggregation of vaudeville novel
ties on the road. All of those who con
tributed to this fund were sanguine of
golden returns, and all had Hemple's
warmest assurance that he would return
the loans out of the first proceeds that
came to his hands.
The Company Disbands.
It is here where the "ansel" steps con
spicuously to the front. Angels with
black eyes, who are en rapport with man
agers, often require and obtain trifles dear
to the feminine heart even though the
whole of the managerial store must be
disbursed in order to procure the needed
finery. Thus it was that Miss Ferguson's
wardrobe was enriched to the degree that
her female companions became Jealous — a
circumstance that proved a fatal
stumbling block to the company's pro
gress. A vast amount of lingerie was
purchased by Hemple uncomplainingly
with money that should have gone to his
backers, and it was this to which his
downfall is principally due.
After a precarious existence of several
•weeks on the road Hemple disbanded the
company to return to this city and face
his creditors. Explanations were demand
ed and his failure to make promised re
turns, he claimed, was because business
was shockingly bad. Inquiries developed
the fact that most of the financial returns
were wasted upon Miss Ferguson, for
whom Hemple confessed he entertained
the warmest attachment. He had been
given an order upon a theatrical supply
house by Davis for some $30, for goods re
quired In his venture, and when pressed
to tell what he had done with this he ad
mitted that "the angel" had appropriated
the whole of it to her own use. The storm
then broke, and in order to escape the
brunt of it Hemple left town without bid
ding his erstwhile friends good-by. He
incidentally left a board bill of $28 at the
Et. Nicholas which Downing, who In a
burst of generosity had gone his security,
has since liquidated.
The whereabouts of Hemple Is only
vaguely known. Some say he has re
turned to Chicago, which city he claims
as his home, but others assert that be is
driving a wagon for a lumber company in
Sierra County. Be that as It may. his
creditors vow they will have revenge if
they ever come across him within the con
fines . of California. It is certain that
Hemple has not written to any of them to
express • sorrow or venture the assurance
that he would one day make a satisfac
tory, adjustment of accounts.
Downing''s Costly Experience.
Downing says he is willing to allow the
matter to drop. "It has been a valuable
experience to me," he said last night. "I
picked him up in Chicago on my return to
this city. He seemed to be a capable and
reliable fellow who was temporarily in
hard luck. When I opened my dramatic
school I made him my registrar. Then
came this theatrical venture, which prom
ised good results. He did well enough had
he not become attached to a certain
¦woman whose demands upon his purse
were jnore than his means could supply.
I found that he deceived me in business
matters, and when he was confronted
with, his shortcomings he admitted that
he had acted foolishly. He promised to
make good the loans, but that was the
¦last Been of him. I have not the slight
est Idea where he may now be found. My
friendship for Hemole cost me a matter
of only $300 or so, but my experience is
worth vastly more than that."
Treasurer Davis, when seen at the Cen
tral Theater, said he would like to have
the opportunity to give Temple a blow or
two in the solar plexus. He asked for
nothing more, nor did he have anything
to pay in addition. He admitted, however,
that he had given money to Hemple arid
that he had recovered a portion of it
shortly after Hemple's return to the city.
The other creditors whp were seen de
clined to diswss the matter In any wav.
Go to Seattle To-Night.
$33 first class round trip, Including
eleepcr. 31fl Safe Deposit building. Tel.
Mtin 5SC3. ' ¦ •
Antone R. Jackson has sued Belinda A.
Jackson for a divorce, alleging desertion
as cause of action. Mary Ann Vice has
sued William R. Vice for maintenance and
support. Eavlno Capelli asks for a divorce
from Angela D. Capelli for desertion.
Their Married Life Unhappy.
Send ten cents to the Southern Pacific
Passenger Department, 4 Montgomery
street. San Francisco.
For full Infor: .tlon about established
routes, high class service, via Biggest
Bir -rees. apply to nearest- agent or 613
Market street. San Francisco.
Beautiful Picture Book of Yosemite.
Policeman Feld yesterday , arrested
Henry Barretta. a plumber's helper, and
locked him up in "the tanks." Feld has
evidence that Barretta broke into vacant
houses at 1007 McAllister street. 938 Geary
street. 726 Kills street and 1514 Pine stree't
and stole lead pipe and brass fixtures.
E-obs Vacant Houses.'
Mr. Tarpey recites in his letter the fact
that he preferred charges against Browne
with Secretary of the Treasury Gage at the
time that Browne was still in the employ
of the secret service, and the further fact
that he had written to G. H. Umbsen,
whosefemploy Browne had entered upon
leaving the service of the United States,
to warn Mr. Umbsen of the character of
man the writer of the letter believed
Browne to be. : Lastly, Mr. Tarpey refers
the Governor to the history of the Mos
cow bank failure ar.d of Browne's alleged
connection therewith, published in The
Call of September 6, 7, 8 and 13, 1898.
There is no dispute about the fact that
the Moscow National Bank failed, nor
of the further fact that R. S. Browne
was the president of the bank during the
eight years preceding Its failure. Neither
Is it disputed that Clarence M. Brune.
his brother, although their names are not
the same, was the cashier of the bank at
the time of the failure. The full text of
D. P. Tarpey's letter to Hon. Lyman
Gage, Secretary of the Treasury, was
published on September 6, 1898. It em
braces sworn statements of the "re
sources" and "liabilities" of the bank, as
mada-by Browne and Brune, and the de
cisiens of the court leave no room' for
doubt that great frauds were . perpetrated
by somebody. The Call of September 13,
1S98, contained a statement that Browne's
great friend at Washington was Frank A.
Vanderllp, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury. Still another friend at court
was John B. Wilkie, who succeeded Wil
liam P. Hasen as chief of the Secret Ser
vice Department.
Story of the Appointment
So much for the Tarpey charges, and
for the past life of Robert S. Browne so
far as those charges relate to it. The
next chapter, following the failure of the
Moscow Bank, crooked or not, finds
Browne serving In the position of secret
service officer at San Francisco, and the
last nnds him, at the present time, act
ing as a Notary Public with but one short
month of service behind him. The story
of his appointment by Governor Gage is
interesting. "I remember distinctly,"
said Governor Gage, speaking upon the
matter, "that Browne was highly in
dorsed for the position of Notary Public.
I cannot at this time recollect the names
of all those who recommended him, but
I remember that United States Marshal
Shine and W. E. Dargle were active in
petitioning for his appointment. . Special
pressure in Browne's behalf was exerted.
I cannot recall an instance where greater
effort was made to secure the appoint
ment of a Notary Public than was put
forward by the lndorsers of Mr. Browne.
I knew nothing of his career as a banker
In Idabo, and am rot familiar with the
fact that his record has been published.
I did not know him personally, but issued
the commission on the strength of his
recommendations. The first hint that I
received that he was not deserving of
trust and confidence was given in Mr.
Tarpey's letter. Should I ascertain by In
vestigation that Mr. Tarpey's statements,
are sustained by the records, I may ask
for Mr. Browne's resignation. The law
does not give me power to r amove him
from office." . . . . • .
Names of Indorsers Withheld.
The Governor said, further, that when
he returned to Sacramento he would look
over the papers . in the case, but in the
meantime he. saw.no objection to giving
the public the names of the men who had
requested Browne's appointment, i There
Is a difference of opinion between the Gov
ernor and his secretaries on this head ap
parently, because when a representative
of The Call called at the Governor's office
to get the names he was told that they
Two Brothers Under Arrest for th«
• • Serious "Wounding of May
Donnelly.
James and "William Gannon, brothers,
are detained at. the City Prison, and one
of them will probably be charged with an
assault to commit murder. •-
James called at police headquarters yes
terday morning: and said that May Don
nelly, who had been living with his broth
er, 319 Minna street, had been stabbed,
and that he was accused of doing the cut
ting. Detectives Wren and Riordan were
sent to the house with Gannon. They
found the woman in bed drunk. She had
two knife wounds — one on her left side/
about two inches below the heart, and the
other on the left elbow.
William Gannon was In the room. He
said that his brother James had done the
cutting while the three were engaged in a
fight. The brothers, who were also drunk,
were taken to the prison and the woman
was cent to the Receiving Hospital. It
was found that the wound on the left side
came near being a serious one. The knife
struck a rib and glanced downward. When
asked who had done the cutting shn Bald
It was her husband's brother. She is not
married to Gannon, and gave her name
as May Burns, as she did not want her
parents to know she was in trouble.
Verus cures piles or 550 reward. All up.
to-cate druggists sell and guarantee It *
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1901.
ys& HAKGES of the gravest character
([ have been preferred against Hob
(i . ert &.-ferowne, who was appolnt-
ed a. Notary Public by Governor
Gagre a little more than a month
agOi Bo grave are the charges that the
Governor has been led to make an Inves
tigation of them* and says that should
the allegations be borne out. by the facts
he will be compelled to ask for the res
ignation of Browne. The Governor, it
should be premised, has no power under
the law t» remove a Notary Public once
appointed.
Tbe charges are contained In a letter
written from Bait Lake City by D. P.
Tarpey and sent to Governor Gage by
registered mail. The letter was receipteJ
for In due course, and Is known to have
been read by the Governor. In fact, tha
GoTernor admits its receipt. In this let
ter Mr. Tarpey charges that Browne, who
was the president of the Moscow National
Bank, at Moscow, Idaho, for, the greater
part of the elg~ht- years prior to 1 1S97, to
gether with his full brother, Clarence M.
Brune, who was his cashier at the date
of the failure, was responsible for the
wrecking of the bank. It charges, more
over, that Browne was compelled to leave
the secret service of the United States,
which he had entered by appointment
subsequently to the failure of the bank,
because the charges of wrongdoing in
connection with that failure made it Im
possible to retain him in his position.
14
WOMAiN STABBED TWICE ¦
IN A DRTJNXEN FIGHT
m^Mmll ofexTdTnaryaroPorttoit y^mw/
\ V : \VVi^sP*i Il ' s tlie onl y kind we do lwl« S*
r- ¦ *A K^WMMfr hold. The quantities are . I 1l7$yJ;\ -
' J w&SbUI ' S0 k*K» l^ e P r i ces 9O l° w I WtM'rlft <
f\¥&iQ $wvl'!f ant^ goodness of the I jj-;l. |j\\|
fa-lV- -jiif parments so much above I Mir nWawa^A
C/C^ //js//:--/ "--ffi jfc 1 the average, there isn't a I .[!}[ *\\ #^Vr
Imrlr-' *7mF : woman who comes ' but f\i>\-\ : '' Tcvt*^^
/jfillf' mWF- who'll be surprised at f U | ? W': \l*\\
t> /Iffi- ffi F 1 what she'll get for her ; ¦ f Ijj j j: Y. :/ : |Rtt- ¦ <
- We wouldn't be' doing ' //// /./-/f i ! =lt§||/ *^
Mmmk wJSs"^ such an . uncol ? lmon wrap " f-lifjii' : : I vf?v
\$/f :^ll$i '-'wyjyr to-day — come to-morrow.
75s— Braid Trimmed./
Pretty percale wrappers with loose fronts, tiffht-flttln^ backs-yoke set off witH~
fancy braid— colors are. light and dark— 34 to 44— 7»c.
' 95c— Flounced Wrappers $1.45— Embroidery Trimmed
Of exera good percale, pleated backs. Percales In red, blue and black grounds
loose fronts, ruffles over the shoulders figured shoulders and yoke trimmed with
and braid about the yoke and collar; ruffles, which are finished with embrold-
around bottom is ¦ a stylish flounce; ery edge; the sleeves are the loose Blsh-
choose from light and dark colors— 34 to op kind; backs are pleated; around bot-
il. torn Is a deep flounce— 34 to 44. .,
Pretty Veilings &&& 50*
The new things keep coming in every week. Cbiefest of them—
At 50cvard are — Fancy and plain black meshes, wiih and without dots; some-
have chenille and velvet and some have silk embroidered dots; fancy black. Lon-
don meshes with clusters of chenille dots, also fancy white meshes wlth^black
dots: brown and white and blue and white complexion veilings: plain chiffon In
black and white; dotted ln black, white, black on white and white on black. 50c
yard.
At 25c vavd. are— New meshes In black tuxedo veilings, In plain and dotted;
also black Brussels net and dotted chiffons and grenadines, ln white, black, brown
and navy— 25c yard. .
/Jflf There are several hundred of them in light colors, heavy
//^ and well made. They haven't a fault but to incite trade at
//^ the drug counter. We have lowered the price more than «fe\\
f/^f half. They are 7^2 inches long, and from now on while they fp"
last will be 7c each. .
Epworth Leasueomwiriais
are on sale here' -
' Two sizes (16x27 and 12x20 Inches), 7c and 10c. They are In colors, with the so-
ciety's emblem worked in center. To give it a touch of California the committee
has put the bear on one end and the golden poppy on the other. They are mount-
ed. Let everybody get one. •
Leaguers as a body may be supplied in lots of a hundred, mounted, 6c and 7c;
unmounted, 5c and £c. " .
A Invariably comes from every \
f] wearer of our glasses, be- . «
/ . cause they are the most ef- 7
« fective gi asses known for re- /
w storing tbe sight or relieving u
\ the strain upon the eyes re- I"
A . sultant from the use . of V
I) wrong glasses or other X
/ causes. These recommenda- n
fc tions come unsolicited from /
n all over the coast and verify /»
\ the claim we have always ?
\ made for our glasses— that \
|\ is, that they never fall to j)
fl benefit the eyes and that y
I they are also made to be /
/|- durable as well as comfort- /I
pTAKijp>OPTpL€a I
> 217 Kearney;,5t~ .San Frai\clsco\
) pcrftci ounv
;BDTTLht£ THE DjfimLERr
PURE-AgBQJtfHQLE5aMg. j
Vxt/M/foMeOco/fopartMents of tie ',
U.S. ARMY $ NAVY Service- \
' . WILLIAM WOLFF & CO. *
fRAMClSCO, DISTRIBUTORS."
6*—*t qfimitoHit* o~ ft////r«f So/r/ts. * >
t^^Ufc'^^i <S*
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ .Cj^ The Lareest Anatomical Mtsevm in the \
0 1 jiT_"_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
• /Hal i>P«aa!istoa the Coast Est. £ ,«.rl ©
SflSifi OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 4
f ®8lJfl Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
J . y^t B T/« t:n "t personally or by letter. A. if
B If SI ¦ ftnthn Cure in eyety case undertaken. - ,V
rf 11 V w "tefor Book. PHI LOHOPHYsfi
I '' II >iA»«IAfiE. MAILED FREE. I JL.T
1 Q II valuable book for mm ) -l.*-T
nK ' JOKI> * x ***' o - 105t Market St.. S. F. V
'DR.MQNULTYV
ryHiawKix-K^rowN' and rrliabls old
J. Specialist cures B lood Poison , Gonorrhoja.Gl««W
Stricture, S^ralnal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
wed Disorders. Book on Diaeasm of Men, free
! S*S!, M .r ea . ra ,^ x ?*£ encc -' I>rn " '•Mnnabie. ttonn.
ffto3daily:8:30to8.»ev F g* fcandays.IO to 12. Conaol-
t&tion free and sacredly con flden tlaL Call Ot- addxesa
* P. RO8COE aicXUIiTY, M.D.
?.&y 2 J&earny SU Ban Franeinco. Caf.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, • .
I{ EAR2TT AND "WASHINGTOJf, STS.— RB-
¦ m modeled and,' renovated.* KIXG WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $l 50 day:
IS. to S3 week; p to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre'snttsa la «v«r*
room; elevator runs all nlghc^ •
»a The dead and wounded In the list of high prices to-day Include many o.' vflk
¦Kg . out prettiest, thlnrs in waists, wrappers, over-skirts and hosiery, as well a: ygj
BSI fine corsets, and underwear. It la sad to see theso beautiful, serviceable and , ISfl
Bffl popular garments cut down in price, but we have the satisfaction of. know- foB
M ' ing that they will go Into the best of hands— those of our customers whi Jj
• njB appreciate excellent values when they get them. Read this list and marvel JBH
JW how it happened. ' iB|
ML SI.50 Women's Waists for 89c. 75c Grass Linen Overskirts 39c §|
fMB Th* 3 Proper frame for a pretty flg- Trimmed with braid. Just the H
UM ure. Made of "White India Linen, thing for summer days. M
J9H6J trimmed with triple rows of fln« __„ . . „, , u _, BW
MS Lawn Embroidered Insertion. Thirty- 35c Hermsdorf BlaCK HOSB 21c HH
Wl Ir"J, UCkSl front and back - NeW Women's Plain, Richelieu Ribbed, H
ma Bieeves. Hermsdorf Black Hose. JB
|fi $1.75 Linen, Waists for 98c. -,„ m . „ „ . ; :_ H
»R White India Linen Waists, with all 2:J C Black Hose for I5c. M|
BW over Arabian Lace. A new effect that Women's Black Hoie, Plain or MjM
MB Is all the race. . Richelieu Ribbed. Time given to Buch mm
IB SI.50 French Chambray Waists bargains is mostly Baved. ma
Ha ¦¦• for 97c 25c Children's Hose for 1 5c. n
VflL When these go we'll despair. Noth- Heavy or Fine Bibbed Hose. Sizes fB
ml-' Ids could bo lovelier. Finest French 5 to %. Goods that look well and |B|
Pga Chambray. Front, back Rnd sleeves wear well. PS
W i 1 n e »Hd^^«S e S2i»lS p toSl ea Cor8Cts! Cor8etsI B
• ml t.n«? r u ' /o* p i y f ° unce( J B r?; prices on Corsets to-day. . Thafi why «
*»• * ell « : -C°llar and Cuffs trimmed with we seU 10 many and lta becauBd M
ESS braid. An extraordinary value for the we BeU mtJi y that we „„ Ben B0 H
l£l money. . 4 -. • cheaply. Here's what w« offer to-day: WB
§£f S2 Best Percale Wrappers $1.19 • .50 comets for ? .35 SB
M They have that graceful, stylish ap- l-» oorseta for.., .75 H
m pearance bo much^ought for. Trim- Hr>rnr-««for i*!& H
H mod effectively with fine Linen Leces. |;» £££ ;;;;;;;:;:;:; £f g |1
W w M," CV n D ' n' l I WrapP w? 39 Women's Muslin Underwear. n
«¦ preT^y wTappUs^daTat^^his^picia! This is what we can do for you to- M
H. 1 - ?Hce^-S129?P - spec" 11 day ln t h« best Muslin andCambrlo Bf
¦M *"ri7?^*r- l ¦ . •- • Underwear, well sewed,' and trimmed - £9
ral SI Summer OverskirtS for 89c. with fine embroideries, laces and Em
-. H|-':.' -Made: qf 'the 'best Covert Cloth, hemstitchings: - . "BB •.
SB Very "smart" in effect. . . $.65 night growns for.............? 1»
Jaaf ' *i n < n ' ¦ • 'a. 1 —ri ¦ '• 1-M night gowns for. ............ .73 «S
ggf $1 Duck Overskirts for 59c. hbo miht iowns fcr ......I .»s W
RSi Solid colored in Navy Blue, Black, '. .35 hemstitched drawers , " .11» SB
KgN white and other pretty shades. Trim- .39 drawers.. :., ¦-•'> Wn
En- .med with braid.. A tasty, well-made,' .BOMrawers .r. ¦ JtS MB
raft- stylish garment ¦- « ¦ ¦ • . ! .75 drawers.....: ..*..;... .48 KM
Kg - OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL. 11 O'CLOCK. EjH
1 MARKS BROS!
W^ 12.12 ~i2.i4 Maa v kef 5C J|