GREATEST OF LOCAL STRIKES PARTIALLY TIES UP SHIPPING GREATLY
EMBARRASSES BUSINESS IN THE WHOLESALE AND MANUFACTURING DISTRICTS
Continued on Page Five.
Continued ' on Page Five.
v .The; new ' tug Warrior, is almost , com
pleted and ready for sea. She was to have
taken ¦:, twenty-five ;- tons of coal r on * board
yesterday, but owing' to [ the • striked was
unable to put to sea. When' Captain Ley-
,\ The scow Wavelet' had to deliver a load
of lumber up the -r river - and her captain
was 'compelled, to appeal to friends to as
sist him load -the vessel,' so that he could
fulfill his contract.* {,-
of coal in her, ' Is tied up. All hands quit
the first- thing yesterday morning. >.
went to work at the trucks. Throughout
the morning the applicants for positions
made vacant by the strikers presented
themselves and all comers were provided
with places until the required quota of
assistants had been made up. The mer
chants allege that they will not suffer
materially by reason of the strike, and
that as soon as the new crews are accus-
was proud of his achievement. He had
picked: the Andrew "Welch up off Montara
Reef, when the vessel was in danger of
going ; ashore. Yesterday morning he in
tended putting to sea and therefore drop
ped into the chief wharfinger's office to" no
tify. that official jj that he .could use the
berth after he, departfd. The wharfinger
smiled ' and told .' the ' captain that he did
MTCHAEl. CASEY, president of the City Front Federation, In speaking yesterday of the general out
look, Maid t 7
"The tfamMers cannot possibly be defeated In their strike. With the assistance of the
¦ nnlona comprised in the City Front Federation, the water front and. the business of the city
has .been tied ¦ up mo that the merchants cannot hold oat asalnst nn. We noo^ht for peace, and by
the means of 'conferences endeavored to brlnf? about an adjustment of the difficulties, but in vain. The
employer* refused to treat with n* when we sousrht them and now they must seek us. The Brotherhood
of Teamsters, with scarcely, an exception, hove stood loyally , to .their principles. The ; men are tn the
best f of spirits and are; prepared. to maintain the flsht to the end, regrardless of the cost or of the eoa>
sequence*. -We earnestly^ hope for an" early termination of the straggle. If not for ourselves, for the
welfare of the city, but If the flght must tso on we are fnlly pTepnred to sustain it."
PRESIDENT CASEY OF THE CITY FRONT FEDERATION .
y DECLARES TEAMSTERS CANNOT POSSIBLY BE DEFEATED
the < coal companies, i Office boys, yardmen
and stablemen loitered around the places
and seemed 'to be enjoying a holiday.
This same^ state, of. affairs was noticed at
Dunsmuir's and Rosenf eld's coalyards'.. ;•¦.
'VAt Main-street wharf the ship Allerton,
with .5000 barrels of cement left in her,
moved , over to • Mission Rock to wait, the
termination of the strike. /
:;; The coal hulk Gefmania, with a big load
. ¦ The steam schooner Alcazar, arrived in
port Monday night. She had the bark An
drew Welch in tow and Captain Martin
land 'came down to the wharf yesterday
morning- he found his crew gone. He then
doffed his coat and proceeded to load the
tug ¦ himself. After two hours of hard
labor he concluded that the contract he
set himself was too difficult, so he gave
up the task. .'
Absence of Violence
and Rioting Marks
' Its Commencement
The Water Front Is
Now the Center of
the Labor Difficulty
p-T-^ HE Inception of the general strike
I on the docks and in the wholesale
jj^ and manufacturing districts of San
Francisco yesterday morning was
not attended by rioting or disorder, nor
were the wheels of Industry so completely
clogged as to make the really serious con
dition confronting employers apparent to
the outsider. Business moved along, but
In a Jerky and clumsy style, while the
striking- working-men looked on, chagrined
to see even partial success attend the ef
forts of the employers to get along with
out them, but in the main 17611 pleased
with the situation.
As was to be expected the tie-up was
more complete on the docks than else
where. The unions. are very nearly mas-
| Practically nothing was going on at. the
Mail dock. A small quantity of freight
had been delivered on • this wharf, but
there were no . men ; to handle . it.* .. Five
railroad cars had been taken down to the
dock on Monday night to discharge into
the steamship Coptic, but owing to ".the
lack of men to empty the cars they, were
to the Oakland side to rest until the trou
ble has been settled. ' ,
BUSINESS was at a standstill on
the water front yesterday. Ship
ping was tied up and freight ac
cumulated on the wharves in
large quantities. The strikers
were very quiet and few disturbances
marred the almost holiday appearance of
this usually busy section of the city. The
action of the City Front Federation in
calling out the members of the unions
night. The City of Para Is also tied up.
Late In the afternoon a gang of Portu
guese workmen were brought to.the dock
In a' steam launch, but. owing to sonie
hitch in the arrangements the men were
not landed. '
- Some person . cruelly Injured a dumb
brute yesterday. A team belonging to.the*
flrnvof O'Kane & CIprico was driven "to
the Fremont-street wharf by young Cip
rlco. ¦ The driver stepped - Into ¦ a . saloon :
with- a friend, leaving ' the team unpro
tected on- the street. Some wretch took
advantage of the driver's absence and
poured acid on ti«e back "of one of -.the
horses. The animal's cries attracted Cip
rlco's attention and he rushed out to find
the animal In/ agony. The horse's' hide
was badly burned. . Some relief was given
the horse by humane bystanders. CIprico
claims j he knows, the . perpetrator of the
outrage and ¦ he intends prosecuting him.
The matter wiir be reported to; Secretary
Holbrook of . the Society, for the Preven
tion of Cruelty .to. Animals." . -
Many Vessels Tied TJp.
I The Conemaugh is tied up at .the Fre
mont-street wharf. Her captain , succeed
ed in getting^ 100 tons of coal - into her
bunkers " by ¦ working "his crew '¦ until / 4
o'clock yesterday, morning. -\ ]
The. schooner Jennie Thelln was moved
out' into, the •stream. <, Her crew -followed
the dictates of, the union and quit her.
At the Beale-street wharf the ship John
Cooke . with ¦ 1500 tons - of 1: cement V in X heir,
and the 'schooner Viking, with 200,000 "feet
of lumber," are'tied up. Four* scows 'wait
ing for coal from the Black Diamond and
the Pacific Coasjf companies ; . are 'also • tied
up". No one'w'as working in the yards of
Freight Piles Up on Wharves While Sailors and Longshoremen Walk the Streets
Idleness, Obedient to Order of City Front Federation and the Various Affiliated
Unions— Business Practically at a Standstill Along the Usually Teeming Docks
ALONG THE WATER FRONT AND IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT DURING FIRST DAY OF GENERAL STRIKE.
- In many instances where the porters
and packers walked out of the places
where ¦ they had been continuously em
ployed for many years the shipping clerks,
bookkeepers, accountants and other em
ployes took off their coats and white col
lars, turned up their shirt sleeves and
out the day.
; • housemen. The walkout was gen
eral, and - While ¦ there were a few firms
whose men stuck to their posts, despite
the efforts of the union pickets to bring
them to terms, the greater number wer»
forced to select new crews In order to se
cure the transaction of business through-
¦¦¦¦"- • *.
MEAKL.Y every business firm' of
' magnitude In San Francisco was
more or less affected by the strike
of the porters, packers and/ware-
Positions Vacated
The Wholesalers Find
g Many Applicants for
Places of Striking Por
ters Are Taken by
the Non-Union Men
Continued on Page Two.
ters of the situation there, and little
freight was moved from wharfs to holds
or from holds to wharfs. Few vessels,
except those given exemption for various
reasons from the dictum of the City Front
Federation, made any toward
readiness for sailing, and until the strike
is settled none of them will leave port ex-
removed in the morning. .
The T.C.' Walker brought/ 100
flour , to . the dock for. shipment • to the Or
ient. The cargo was unloaded on g the
wharf ,by. the steamer's crew. Later in
the afternoon the Coptic's crew of China
men worked ,. like > beavers, carrying the
flour . on - board the vessel. ;.; The Pacific
Mail Steamship Company's Colon is lying
idle.'; All hands were laid off on Monday
in its Jurisdiction had . its effect on
the commerce of the city. Ships were un
able to depart because of a lack of crews;
freight littered the docks In every section
and steam schooners lay at their wharves
without a sign of life in them. Comman
ders of many vessels had to take off their
coats and place freight on board in order
to get- away from their, berths. Many
shipowners had their vessels towed over
ATTORNEY "M. F. MICHAEL, counsel for the Employers* Association, mode the following statement
yesterday: ¦ . . - .. : .\ :.. *.'¦::.¦:"¦
"The rumor that the Employer*' Association has notified local retailers that they shonld not
sell Roods to strikers except for cash is" absolutely false. No such reqneat was made, nor Will it be
made during the pendency of the present , trouble or at any time. • The association lias no need of
adopting such tactics in order to Trin the sitrusrsrle In which it J» now engajted. The situation, as far
mm the association is concerned, presents nothing: new. The representatives of the /various labor . or- -
Kanlzations vrho attended the meeting In Mayor Fhelan's office Tuesday, declare that the su'grarestlons
made by our association on vrhlch a settlement of the existing: troubles might be effected were emi
nently reasonable and Just. They w«re willing; to accept them,, but when they reported : to , their
unions the representatives were turned down, The members of, the association make only Much de
mands as are allowed them by law and prompted by common business prudence, and if the labor or-t
iranlzatlons were disposed to meet them In a friendly spirit this trouble might have been averted."
RUMOR THAT RETAILERS WERE ASKED NOT TO SELL
GOODS TO STRIKERS EXCEPT FOR CASH IS DENIED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO^ WED^
VOLUME XC— NO. 61.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.ABSENCE QF VIOLENCE.
Continued Prom Page One.
HE meeting: of the Steamship
1 1 Managers' Association held^ ye3
|| terday afternoon was largely at-
JJL tended by those vitally interested
in the actions of the men called
out at the meeting of the City. Front Fed
eration Monday night. The managers of
the various lines running in and out of
this port, as employers of fully one-half
the men affected by the order of the as
sociation of labor unions, talked long and
earnestly on the situation, and the trend
pf each speaker's remarks showed that
the managers would do everything In
their power to secure an amicable settle
ment of the conflict now raging between
the men of capital and the brawny son3
of toil.
The meeting- -was a general one and -was
called for the purpose of enabling tho
managers to thoroughly canvass the situ
ation. A resolution was adopted by tha
body expressing confidence in the board
of directors and the executive committee
of the association and authorizing them to
act as they saw fit.
The managers of the various lines of
steamers reported that there la a fairly
good prospect of getting all the vessels
scheduled to sail this week out on time.
All of the men employed did not go out
yesterday morning. With the aid of those
who remained faithful to their employers
and the crews of the vessels, many mem
bers of '.which are not union men. the
steamship men state that they will be
able to handle all the freight hauled ta
the wharf.
They contend that the men who walked
out on orders from the association quit
their work mainly by reason of the en
thusnasm which the general strike spiric
has developed. This enthusiasm, say the
shipping men. will soon be lessened. anJ
as their enthusiasm wanes they will be
come more amenable to the arguments
and evidences of a desire to conciliate
matters, which will be put forth by tha
water front men.
Many of the" members of the associa
tion told at the meeting yesterday of the
sorrow evinced by many of the men or
dered out over the* fact that they were
compelled to take part in the strike. A3
stanch union men they could do nothing
else, ard gave their support to the strik
ers and locked-out men mainly because
of their affiliation with kindred bodies.
, The shipping men are of the opinion
that the situation, though very serious,
will not cause the hardship along the
front that is expected. There are plenty
of laboring men to be had to take the
1 places of the strikers. They admit they
are greatly Inconvenienced by reason of
the . fact that the breaking in of green
hands necessitates considerable expense
and loss of time.
The members of the association claim
that they have the situation thoroughly
in hand and will be able to transact their
immense shipping business without 'delay.
They have formulated several plans for
the settlement of the difficulty, but will
not put them in action until the strike de
velops.
They have placed.no ban upon the men
who quit yesterday morning. On the con
trary, they are perfectly willing to havo
the longshoremen return to work, but un
der conditions at present existing.
ENGINEERS KEMEMBEBED.
Given Bonus of Month's Salary for
Faithful Service.
On her last trip to Honqjulu something
went wrong with the boiler tubes of tho
Oceanic Steamship Company's Zealandia.
Owing to the strike in the islands*, the
boiler-makers would not make the re
pairs, so Chief Engineer KelJar and hi3
men had to do the best they could. The
steamship was fixed up as well as possible
under the circumstances and a start was
made for San Francisco. "When twenty
four hours out the tubes began to lea'c
again, so Captain Dowdell put back to
Honolulu, where Chief Kellar and his
men worked night and day until a goo-i
job had been made, and the Zealandia
came home in good time and without a
mishap.
When John D. Spreckels, president of
the Oceanic Steamship Company, was told
of how faithfully the engineers and crew
had worked, he at -once ordered that each
man be given a bonus of a month's pay.
The following letter tells the rest of tha
story:
MARINE E^GIN-EERS* BENEFICIAL. ASSO
r CIATION NO. 35.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 24. 1901
J. D. Spreckels Esq.— Dear Sir: Appreciat
ing your liberal treatment of the Zealandia' s
engineers in the matter of the extra work dona
by them while lying at .Honolulu during her
last voyage the Marine Engineers' Association
desires to express, hereby, tho thanks of tha
organization therefor.
In addition to the pecuniary compensation It
cheers the wageworker and animates hint with
a desire to continue his efforts when met by
the kind recognition accorded by you in this
case, which we will endeavor to keep In mem
ory, and we believe that such actions as yours
go far toward bridging the gulf which has
been, unfortunately, placed between employer
and the employe by the spirit of the times, i
I have the honor to be yours very respect
fully. WILLIAM WARIN.
Cor. Sec. M. K. B. S. No. 35.
• . ... 1
Troops for Mail Dock.
It was stated on the water front last
night that a troop of cavalry was rest
ing under arms at the Presidio, ready at
any moment to answer a call to the Mail
dock to quell any disturbance or prevent
any effort made to delay the departure cil
Vessels carrying United States' malls. • . > . ':
who' are not members of the brotherhood.
It was estimated that there- were about 4Qi) :
teams in operation— a considerable num
ber more than at any period since the)
beginning of the strike, but with few ex
ceptions the teamsters were offered no
violence. , ¦ - ¦ .'
Joseph Smith,' residing 1 nt 60 Shipley
street, received a clubbing at the hands*
of Officer' J. C.~Laws and "wror afterward
locked -up in the City Hall Station for in
terfering with ahXBncer In the discharge
of his duty. Smith . is a sympathizing
teamster and has his own ideas of polico
meddling with matters that rto not, from,
his standpoint, belong to them.
W. H. Fuller, manager of the Overland
Transfer Company, says that he was
obliged to draw his two revolvers -four
times since last .Thursday to protect his
teamsters from -being beaten by strikers.
He says also that his life has been threat-
ened-by at least 100 strikers and that
Monday night he ordered two of them off,
a car as he was starting for home. They
had been following him alt the evening.
The Steamship Man
agers Meet and Dis
cuss Labor Strike'
Hopes That Enthusi
asm- of the Men
Will Soon Abate
LEAN TOWARD
AN AMICABLE
SETTLEMENT
cept through the strenuous efforts 0?
managers. determined not to be balked by
what they conceive to be an unjustifiable
strike.. .; . ; ,
The labor leaders had to comfort them
selves mainly, with their successes on the
docks, .for away from the -immediate
water front the ease, with which the
places deserted by tne strikers were filled
was most /disheartening to them. Two
men applied for every job given up by the
union porters, and every employer had at
niS; command within a few hours a long
list of names of men available in' some
sort of fashion;for his work. .,
Awkward , Recruits.' . . .. ;'. . ¦-.
- These men who : stepped j into the' places
nf t.na stnlcnra 'fora aatcird anil &low
SEATTLE, July 30.— Seattle is vitally
affected by the strike of the longshoremen
¦ and sailors which was ordered In San
Francisco this morning. As a result all
freight traffic between this city and the
California metropolis, which forms one
of the heaviest volumes of business- in
Seattle's marine traffic, is stopped entire
ly. The loss to this city and to the num
erous steamship companies operating be
tween here and San* Francisco will mean
thousands of dollars a month.
Seattle merchants are affected. similarly.
The, merchants here are already heavy
losers on account of the teamsters' strike
in San Francisco, and the local strike and
the sudden stoppage of supplies via tha ;
water route from California, greatly com
plicates the situation. •
Washington Port.
Sail Francisco Strike Means Loss to
filling the trays with cans for shipment.
This wholesale desertion of the men and
boys forced | the company to close down
the factory at noon. In all about 400
hands, 300 of whom are women and rlrls,
were thrown out of employment.
The America^ Can Company is the prin
cipal source of supply for the canneries
of the city and If within the next forty
eight hourB the factory js not able to re
sume operations, the canneries will be
compelled to close their doors, which
would mean th*t 6000 people would be de
prived of their employment. • The serious
aspect of the situation may be partly ap
preciated when it is consid«red that the
raising havoc with the business of the
river- transportation companies plying be
tw&en San Francisco and Stockton. In
fact, the shipping businecs ls nearly para
lyzed both ways. Boats are still able to
deliver freight to the wharves in San
Francisco , and ' to vessels whose crewa
handle the goods. Coaling is done at
Pittsburg,' ao that as long as the supply
holds out the steamers are all right on
that score. The strike means a big loss
of business to the boat lines.
Business has fallen off greatly since tlie
strike and the general tie-up means a f »r
theT decrease. : It also brings a big loss
to the farmers who have shipped fruit to
San Francisco. The 'plums and pears on
the wharf are still in good condition, but
thousands of boxes of peaches have been
thrown Into the bay. The farmer not
only loses. the fruit, but has to pay the
freight. ' Af^
* — ¦
SEATTLE INTERESTED.
MEN WHO HAUL
SAND WILL GO
OUT ON STRIKE
When the meeting was called to order
the meeting hall was packed to its ut
most capacity. The greatest enthusiasm
¦prevailed among the teamsters. Secre
tary Rosenberg explained that the Labor
Council deemed- the strike necessary to
more effectively cripple the employers.
The- vote on the question of declaring a
sympathetic strike was unanimous. It
was decided to 'defer carrying the strike
into effect until Thursday morning, in
order that all the members of the union
might be notified and might act in con
cert. , ¦¦
1 Secretary Rosenberg, after the meet
ing, stated that while the strike of the
sand teamsters will concern directly but
530 men. it will indirectly affect the* EOO0
men who are engaged in the building
trades o-f the city, and that during its ex
istence it would put an end to all build
ing construction. He also stated that the
men would go on strike with no en
mity toward their employers, for whom
they entertain the best of good feeling.
The officers of the union are as follows:
President, M. A. Longshore: vice president,
William Mills: financial secretary, P. Burke;
recording secretary, D. Burke; treasurer and
conductor, Walter Duryea: warden,- Patrick
Kelley; business manager, J. D. Harper- trus
tees—P. Kelley, R. Thane and J. D. Harper.
orders when these are "contrary to law or
good morals or public policy." The point is
well made; but who, may we ask, ls to be
the Judge of these matters? The Employers'
Association by denyinr the right of its em
ployes to an equal voice in the terms of em
ployment, as It impliedly does, takes the posi
tion that it shall be the sole Judge In the
case. In & word, we are given to understand
that the terms "law," "good morals" and
"public policy" are synonymous with "good
business" for the Employers' Association
There can be no other understanding where
on« party assumes the right to dictate to the
other.
With reference to the contention of the Em
ployers' Association that "they want -every
business to stand on Its own legs," we can
only say that Buch a contention is entirely
opposed to its own practices, to the very fact
Of Its own existence, and. Indeed, to every law
social and physical. What the ¦ association
really means by this ls that it wants every
trades union to "stand on its own legs " Pre
sumably, it is only motives of policy that keep
it from saying that it wants every employe to
"etand on his own legs.;' Taking the actions
of the association together with its statements
we consider Its underlying desire ta be that
labor should remain divided in order that it
may be conquered.
There ls but one other point that we deem
night at 228 Eighth street and de
cided to go on a strike Thursday morning-.
The strike was declared purely in sym
pathy with the teamsters, who struck
rather than work for the Morton . Deliv
ery Company. The action was taken after
much deliberation and with the advice of
the San Francisco Labor Council, which
was represented at the meeting by Presi
dent W. H. Goff and Secretary Ed Ro
senberg.
p»T|-^a EAMSTERS UKTtOX NO. *228,
1 which comprises 530 men, the ma-
I jority of whom are engaged in
II hauling sand and brick, met last
Another of Teamsters' Unions
to Quit Work To-Morrow
in Support of Brotherhood
THE American Can Company,
whose factory is at the corner of
Seventh and Townsend streets,
was among the first of the impor
tant manufacturing concerns to
directly feel the effects of the porters',
packers' and warehousemen's strike. The
seventy-five porters and packers who
were- employed by the company com
menced work as usual yesterday, but at
10:30 o'clock, after everything had been
prepared for the day's work, they all
walked out. Their action was followed
by about 150 boys who were employed in
worth noting- in the communication. Mayor
Phelan in his statement accompanying the
communication of the Employers' AESociatlon
quotes the latter as saying:
The employers on their part do not in
tend rand their organization refuses to ad
mit that they ever countenanced such ac
* tion) to refuse' to sell goods to any one'
who is solvent and able to pay for them:
that they will not refuse to sell goods to
any man who may have yielded to union ¦
I demands. .
We have no hesitation In characterizing this
etatement as a deliberate falsehood. . Either it
ls that or the Employers' Association stands
convicted of ignorance of its own acts. The
present situation has beep brought about
mainly through the interference of the asso
ciation to compel employers who had no dis
pute with their employes to compel the Utter
to withdraw from their organizations. In
these cases the Employers' Association delib
erately contradicts its claim that it want*
every business to "stand on Its own legs." In
the cases of the wagon-makers, butchers, cooks
and waiters and others that might be men
tioned, in which the relations of employer and
employe were mutually satisfactory and har
monious, the association Issued its ultimatum
and compelled the employer, by threats of
shutting off his supplies, to sever these rela
tions and take sides with the . association in
the business of destroying the trade unions.
Taken as a whole and in detail we, see noth
ing in the statement and communication of
the Employers' Association that would Justify
any course other than active resistance to the
thinly disguised purpose of the association -to
deprive the workers of .their only means of
self-protection, the trade unions. . . ¦.
SPECIALS FOR GUARDS.
Non-TJnion Teamsters Given Permits
to Carry Revolvers. .
The Police Commissioners at their meet
ing last evening were busily employed ar
ranging details in reference to the strike.
One hundred applications were made by
men employed driving teams for permis
sion to carry concealed weapons. All the
applications were granted and in the fu
ture it is supposed that /all non-union
teamsters will carry revolvers. ¦. • \
. An application was received from
Morse's patrol for permission to employ
twenty more patrolmen during 'the strike.
This was also granted, and they will wear
special ofllcers' stars. . " •
The Employers' Association also made
application to be empowered to employ
twenty special officers. These men are 10
be used to guard teams arid stores in the
downtown districts. This application wn 3
granted and the new .specials: will be
sworn in to-day. ' , .
-. John Henry Helms, son of the late Su
pervisor ¦ Helms, was appointed a police
officer by the Commissioners. • .
STOCKTON" FEELS EFFECTS?
River Transportation Suffers From
Tie-TJp of Water Front;
STOCKTON, July 30.— The general tie
un on tha San Francisco water front la
and they and the non-union and amateur
teamsters made a pretty mess of many a'
dray load, but freight was moved and
orders were filled and a point was made
agsinst the strikers.
The most notably serious effect was in
the case of the American- Can Company,
which was compelled to close its doors,
throwing 400 persons out of employment.
Canneries dependent upon it for their sup-
Pjy of cans employ 5000 men, women and
children, and unless the factory can start
up again within a few. days they will all
be 'thrown out of employment.
Employers assert their confidence in the
ultimate collapse of the strike, though
many of them fear the struggle will be
prolonged. They say they will suffer any
loss to maintain their right to hire ca
pable employes, whether union men or
not.
The labor leaders are Just as confident
that the employers will soon grant con
cessions, now that they know the threats
of strike- were .not .mere:.'."blunV'- ,. They :
say their fight is to preserve to the work
ingmen the. right to organize. Tho life of
trade unionism in San Francisco, they
say, is at stake. s .
Though entering upon the contest with
moderation, the labor leaders hint that if
any attempt be made to bring in non
union firemen, sailors or longshoremen
from the outside the strike will be extend
ed to Include every port, on the coast. •
- Strikers' ', Credit Threatened.- - : r f
| Some consternation was caused by a re
port that the wholesalers had informed
the retailers of the city that after a stipu
lated time they must extend no credit to
strikers, but: must sell, to them for cash
only. . R. H.- Bennett Jr.. secretary for
the Associated Wholesale Grocers, and
M. F." Michael, attorney for the. Employ
ers'.Association, each denies that his.or
ganization has resorted or intended to" re
sort to the use of that kind of weapon '
: It is estimated. that more than 12,000-men
Quit work as a result of the » decision
reached Monday night by the City Front
Federation; That tho number did not
reach 15,000.* the approximate number of
members of the unions interested who
were employed when the strike was or
dered, was due to several causes. Some
of the marine firemen were notcalled out,
for special* reasons, and In some cases
large numbers of loyal members could not
be fiotifled. by ; the delegates. • ,
canneries furnish means of livelihood for
a great portion' of the poorer class of the
city and if they are forced to shut down
many will be reduced almost to destitu
tion.
The factory, besides furnishing the great
er portion of the cane used in this city,
supplies about twenty-five canneries in
various parts of the State. It has a man
ufacturing capacity of 300,000 cans a day
and a shipping capacity of 1,000,000 cans.
Although the management of the com
pany was totally unprepared for the de
sertion of the porters and packers, an
effort will be made to resume work this
morning with a small force.
Unless Change in Situation" Enables Work to Be Resumed Can
neries With 5000 Men, Women and Children on Payrolls Will
Be Compelled to Suspend Operations Until Strike Terminates
¦ Chief ClerlT E. B. Jerome of the " Cus
tom-house received late ' yesterday after
noon a telegram from-' the , Secretary of
the' Treasury . authorizing the Collector to
appoint as many temporary customs in
spectors .as- he may deem necessary to
guard the drays and teamsters of the
United States Bonded Drayman and to
protect- them, at all hazards from Injury
at.the hands of . strikers or others.. This"
protection is "to; be extended not only wiiile
the drays are' being "-loaded- or; unloaded
and, in transit, but 'also 1 while they are on
tho way to and frcua the sioblcs. -
Protection for Bonded Draymen.
Non-Union Substitutes Shoot
at Menacing . Crowd and
an Innocent Man Is Hit
OLD TEAMSTER
IS WOUNDED BY
NEGRO DRIVERS
P*ttp«^HE first serious affray between
I the union and non-union teamsters
J .occurred yesterday morning about
Jl 7 o'clock at Eleventh and Harri
son streets, when Peter Lynch, a
striker, living at 351 Eleventh street, was
shot in the hip by either Roscoe Horn or
William Ferguson, colored men, employed
by G. W. Emmons & Co.
" Horn and Ferguson were on their way
to Emmons. & Co.'s barns to start work
for the day, when they were attacked by
a crowd of strikers who, they allege,
threw rocks and boards. Each pulled out
a revolver and commenced shooting. Horn
fired three shots, and Ferguson five be
fore the crowd fell back and allowed them
to reach the barns. One of the bullets
struck Lynch on the hip and he we"nt to
th» Receiving Hospital, where- Dr. Millar,
after examining him, concluded that the
wound was not dangerous. The bullet
could not be located and the X-ray will
be called into requisition. ¦
Horn and Ferguson were arrested at
the barns by Captain WIttman and Ser
geant Campbell and taken to the City
Prison, where they were booked on a
charge of assault to murder. Each is
about 24 years of age. They were re
leased on $100 cash ball each, put up by
Attorney Joseph Coffey, who represents
the Employers' Association. The bail was
accepted by Assistant .Warrant Clerk
Greeley. .
Horn claimed that he and Ferguson
were attacked Monday night by strikers
after they left the barns and they bought
the revolvers so as to be prepared for
trouble, as they had been threatened with
further chastisement if they attempted to
work yesterday morning. .
Speaking of the shooting, Ferguson said:
"As we passed Eleventh and Harrison
streets we saw a gang of men in a va
cant lot watching us. After we had passed
them they started after us, throwing
rocks and clubs. Just then another gang
came toward us and we were between the
two. We were struck several times, and
then when they made a combined rush
upon us I fired over their heads to fright
en them, but it had no effect and I fired
straight at them. Horn was shooting by
-this time, and the ¦ mob - scattered. We
continued toward the barns, keeping our
revolvers leveled on the crowd. We had
a right to shoot, a3 our Jives were In dan
ger." , .......
Lynch is 62 years, of age and has. a fam
ily of seven children. He was, until the
strike, employed as a drayman by Bar
rett & Co., and is highly respected among
his neighbors. He said he was walking
across the street when he was shot. He
did not take part In the demonstration
against the "colored men. He declared
that the union pickets were not making
any disturbance- when the colored men
began to shoot.
Stephen O'Neill, who lives at 13S^ Silver
street, called at the Warrant Clerk's of
flco yesterday and asked for a warrant
for the arrest of Policeman O'Meara on
the charge of battery- It was not issued
O'Neill said he was on his way home yes
terday, morning and at Fourth and Silver
streets he stood for a moment among a
crowd of eight or ten men, whenthe offi
cer-came-with his ¦ drawn clnb and or
dered them to move on. Before he could
get out of the way he was struck on the
forehead, ribs and arms by the officer's
club and had. to be taken to the Emer
gency Hospital to have his wounds and
bruises attended to.
James Ga-llaghcr, while driving 1 his own
team off Mission-street wharf, -was mis
taken by the strikers for a non^nlun
teamster and he was attacked and struck
over the head. He went to the Harbor
Hospital and had a lacerated wound
dressed. '•¦¦•' ' • • . - . .-.-•...
Dan McKinney, a striking teamster
tried to remove a non-unicn driver from
a wagon yesterday at the corner of Sac
ramento and Davis streets. A policeman
objected to RlcKlnney's plan and. in the
mixup the striker was struck on the head
with a club. McKinnev had his wounds
dressed at tho Harbor Hospital. :
Despite - the enormous reinforcements
that the army of strikers received yester
day, few disturbances occurred in all the
city. .The police reported that In a few
Instances ston.es were thrown at teamsters
anfl" that -the non-union 'drivers were
jeered at. but, this for the most part was
iJua u<.rt of linvo sn.l l»r M rwvn»lhla .wrtla.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY CLOSES ITS FACTORY DOORS
AND 400 PEOPLE ARE THROWN OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
SAILORS AND LONGSHOREME^IN TEAMSTERS' TO MAKE HOLIDAY, f ¦
pyi-«^HE City Front •Federation met
II last evening and discussed ways
it and means of strengthening- the
Jt position taken by it the night be-
lore in the present labor difficul
ties. The resolution which called out the
members of the unions forming the fed-
eration was the main topic under dlscus
eion. According to many of the members
it did not- cover sufficient ground and
afforded the Employers' Association too
many chances to secure union labor with
out causing the men to break faith with
their unions.
The first radical change made in the
resolution added to the difficulties of the
shipowners. The original document af
fected only the "port of San Francisco,"
thereby making it possible for the own
ers of vessel* to secure the unloading: of
their cargoes by union hands at near
by j>orts. To prevent this the resolution
was changed to read so as to cover the
entire "bay of San Francisco."
Tho other changrss were of minor im
portance, such as changes in the phrase
ology, but they all tended to strengthen"
the position of tho strikers.
Tho delegates from the various unions
reported that In every instance the mem
bers of the unions they represented had
10 obey the orders cf the federation and
quit work. The men will commence to
register to-day, so that the federation
wlJl be able by to-night to know exactly
how many have quit work.
A resolution was presented and adopted
Framing permission to the members of
the Coal Teamsters' Union to haul coal to
the different newspapers, hospitals, asy
lums and charitable institutions. 1
President Casey of the City Front Fed
eration in an interview after the meet
ing said: "We only met to-night to per
fect our plans for the battle between the
laboring men and the Employers' Asso
ciation which is now on. The Teamsters'
Union is out to a man, and I do not think
there will be. any doubt of our soon being
able to report that every other union
affiliated with the teamsters will make
-.he same report. Everything- looks favor
ible to the teamsters' cause, which is now
:he cause of every union in the Federa-
Jon. We have carefully planned a cam
paign and we do not intend that it shall
>e a losing one."
There are 1200 members of the Pacific
Marine Firemen's Union out on
strike. There are 1500 members in the
union. The 300 men who remained at
¦work are tboee employed by GoodsJI, Per
kins & Co. and on the tugboats.
The firm of Goodall, Perkins & Co.
employs only union firemen and recog
nizes the Firemen's Union as a body. The
firm signed an agreement some time ago
to that effect and have always liVed up
to it, and for that reason the men em
ployed by them were not included among
those called out
The union determined to allow the fire
men working on the tugboats to remain
at their posts. To remove them would
place the vessels coming in and going out
of the harbor entirely at the mercy of
the elements and endanger the lives of
hundreds of people. The tugs, therefore,
will be ready at any time during- the
strike to speed to the assistance of any
vessel which may get into difficulties,
either in or out of the harbor.
QUESTIONS AT ISSUE.
Federation Replies to Michael's Let
--" ter to Mayor.
The City Front Federation issued last'
(night the following additional statement
under the nead, "The Association's Posi
tion": ., ; .
Th« communication submitted by the Em
1-loyers' Aseociation to the representatives of
the City Front Federation may mean anything
or nothing, according t» the point of view. It
is a document the meaning of which can be
gathered only by experiment*and demonstra
tion. The experiment made with it • imme
diately upon its receipt proved that it
nothing at all eo far as the labor organizations
are concerned.
•In the proposals of the City Front Federa
tion ft was distinctly stated that as a neces
sary step to the re-establlehment of peace, the
employers should establish the "status quo
ante." That is to say. It was proposed that'
all hands should go back to the condition thst
existed prior to the rupture between the Dray- .
men's Association and the Brotherhood- of
Teamsters, the idea, of course, being: that then
the terms of agreement between the two or
ganizatlons might be peaceably reviewed and,
where necessary, readjusted. While the re
ply of the Employers' Association does not di
rectly intimate acquiescence in this proposal,
the fact that it was submitted at all seemed '
to Justify a construction favorable thereto. !
Consequently, and In order to test the real :
meaning of the document. Mr. Casey, of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters, immediately pre
rented a cony of the communication to Mr.
McNab of .McXtb & Smith, with a request
for his views upon it. Mr. McNab was asked
if, so far as the Draymen's Association was
concerned, the reply of the Employers' Asso
ciation would be construed as establishing the
status quo ante. Mr. MeXab replied that he
Cia not know; that he knew nothing about the
matter. Thus, when put to the only, and the
best test, possible, the communication of the
Employers' Association was found to be merely
b. mass of words having: no significance what
ever that could be considered as the basis of
further negotiations.
A perusal of the document Issued by the
Employers' Association shows that tt contains
a great deal of generalization and absolutely
no real nubstance. So far as any real mean
lnir can be gathered from it. It is simply a
declaration that the employers propose to con
tinue In their policy of Ignoring the right of
their employes to stipulate and make good
through the power of organization, the terms
cf employment. Such Js the only meaning that
can be gathered from the declaration that the
employes roust "faithfully obey all Instructions
and orders of th»lr employers." Considering
the fact that the trades unUms have never ques
tioned the right of the employer to instruct
and order his employes In any matter con
cerning the Interests of the former, the state
ment mentioned is susceptible of but one eon
etruction. namely, that the employe Is re
quired to "faithfully obey all instructions and
orders" in matters that are properly the con
cern of the employe himself.
In other words, we construe the requirement
cf the Employers' Association to be that the
employe mvrt work ae long and for as little
pay as the employer may see fit to give him
or her. ' : ' 4 •< ~
We note that the Employers' Association
makes the reservation that it shall not re-
Quire faithful obedience to its instructions and
Gity Front Federa
tion Makes a Move
of Great Import
The Tugboat Firemen
'Are Not Affected
by \ Strike Order
ORDER NOW
INCLUDES ALL
BAY TOWNS
THE SAK FKA^Nyi^
STRIKE EFFECTS RAMIFY WITH VARYING STRENGTH THROUGH ALL BUSINESS INTERESTS OF THE CITY
2
M Scrofula
Few are entirely free from It. ' • ;
It may develop so slowly as to catxse /
little if any disturbance daring the whole
period of childhood.
¦ It may then produce Irregularity of tho
stomach and bowels, dyspepsia, catarrh,
'and marKed tendency to consumption
before manifesting itself in much cutaneous '
eruption or giandalar swelling. , /
It is best to be sure that you are quite
free frcm 1*. and for its complete eradica-
tion you can rely^on
Hood's/Saw
TLe be3t of all medicines for ail humors..-
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A PIANO?
¦y^fc^-Nk. lf S °' J USt let US tel1 y0U that
¦ f /\ 4 /^lL Jf\ *l": e r e ls a new piano house in
-H^ \Jt\r^S^ ' 0n'yb Sah Frandsco./.which has the
y^^3jKi^ 3r/£& exclusive control <of the finest,
nkJA w) 1 ' ) best and 8 reat ?-??.*R4 nos of the
AT J^iK E™^, STECK,,HARDMAN,
Ci /SPV \^2€Jk LUa¥IG ' COMER,: PACKARD,
WaV^\\ \ ¦•BARRINGTON* STRAOBE,-VAL.
\ LEY GE ? ! A^ D JEWET T- ; : -
Z^" \£s&^^^ m * jt •"" *^ ese pianos we are 'how
ifc h^ ml £ offering for sale at-'MNTRO-
f'-Jr J? / DUCTORY PRICES.'* Easy
* *" *y&*r )' $ pivments if desired.' .'"' '
TBE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market St/. Francisco.
BRANCH. 9SI BROADWAY, OAKLAND. .-'-,- ~ -r- - -JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. July 30.— Bishop
John Moore died to-day at his home In St.
Augustine, surrounded by all the priests
of Florida. His end was peaceful. %
Bishop John Moore.
The edict declares that foreign affairs
will hereafter be the most important busi
ness of the Government, gives the For
eign Office precedence over the six old
boards that . previously outranked it and
provides for the reception of the Ministers
in the hall In which heretofore only near
relatives of the Emperor have entered.
It also provides for the entertainment of
the Ministers by the Emperor at occa
sional banquets.
The German Minister, Dr. Mumm von
Schwarzenstein. Is engaged in drafting a
protocol providing for the punishment of
Chinamen guilty of participation In the
Boxer movement. A feature of this Is thit
the number of culprits has dwindled from
1C0 men originally named to fifty-four.
This Is due to the fact that in the major
ity of cases It has been found impossibla
to prove the gull^jof the accused.
the Chinese Foreign Office has been re
ceived here. Its tone and substance sat
isfy the Ministers of the powers. Ths
edict coincides with the demands on tha
subject formulated by United States Spe
cial Commissioner Rockhlll, as a. condi
tion of peace.
PEKING, July SU-The edict Of th8 Em
peror providing for tho reorganization of
Is Satisfactory in Tone
and Substance to the
Ministers.
CHINESE SUBMIT
TO NEW EDICT
NAVAL OFFICER WHO ASKS TO BE RELIEVED FROM THE COURT
OF INQUIRY, THE PROBABLE CHIEF COUNSEL FOR REAR AD
MIRAL SCHLEY AND THE JUDGE ADVOCATE OF THE COURT.
Admiral. Schley has already .begun the
preparation of hia case, At his request
James . Parker, his assistant counsel, to
day made application to the department
for permission ¦ to examine • the logs and
, records in connection with the
movements of ships on the south Bide of
Cuba, and this permission was granted.
Parker 'was. given' access to these docu
ments and was examining them to-day.
Both Admiral Dewey, the president of
the court, : and Admiral Benham were at
the i department to-day, ' The latter has
formally acknowledged the receipt of the
order of Secretary Long detailing him on
the court, There is no question of ac
ceptance of such a detail where an offi
cer, is physically able to serve, and Ad
miral Benham expects to be present when
the court convenes September 12.
/When the Navy Department closed at
4 o'clock this, flfternoan Admiral Crown
lnehieLd, Acting Secretary of the Navy,
One of His Attorneys Examining Of«
ficial Logs nnd Records.
WASHINGTON, - July 30. — Secretary
Long left to-day for his annual vacation
which will be spent in New .England!
Until the return of Assistant Secretary
Haekett, AdmiralCrownlnshleld, chief of
.the Bureau of Navigation, will be,Act
ing Secretary of the ' Navy,
ECHLEY PREPARING FOR COURT.
A letter has been received at the Navy
Department from- Admiral Klmberly
risking to be excused 'from the Schley
court of inquiry on ncount of the state of
his health. Tho admiral is understood to
be Buffcrlnpr from heart trouble. The ap
plication wns placed in the hands of Sec
retary Long, who will dispose of the mat
ter from his home in Bingham, Mass.
John R. dos Prssob hast been named as
the probnble ehief counHel for Schley
Commander, John E. . Plllsbury will act
as Judge advocate. ¦• ; •,
asked whether he did not make the state
ment in a magazine article that he was
informed the Spanish cruisers would leave
Curacao for Santiago. If Rear Admiral
Sampson replies in the. affirmative, as he
is expected -to do, the attention of the
court will then be called to the fact that
the commander in chief, with a formida
ble squadron, was on May 15 at Capa
Haytien, Haytl. the day on which Ad
miral Cervera left Curacao far Suntiago.
The admiral will be asked why he did
not go directly to Santiago, where i he
could have intercepted the Spanish fleet
before It entered the harbor on May 12.
Regarding the character of the blockade
that was made by Commodore Schley. nt
tentlon will be called to the size o"f tho
squadron which he commanded. Schley
had six vessels, and it was advisable If ho
wero to- be In condition- to defeat the
enemy that he should keep his squadron
well together.
This, It is contended., was the reason
why he nlwnys retained It In squadron
formation. and why he retired a short dis
tance nt night from the harbor.
. Admiral Sampson stated that the log of
tho Brooklyn shows that the squadron
was at night twenty-eight miles to the
southward of Santlapo. , The loir of the
Brooklyn will bo produced to show that
this is not the case.
With respect to the propriety of Rear
Admiral Schley's action In determining to
return to Key West for coal it will be
contended that Rear Admiral Sampson's
conduct was equally tut culpRble, if any
Rear Admiral Schley. on the other hand,
carrying >fcut the department's instruction
to ascertain whether the Spanish fleet
was In the harbor, made a reconnoissance
on the afternoon of May 31 "to develop
fortifications, with their character. The
reconnoissance was intended to injure and
destroy the Colon, the reconnoissance de
veloping satisfactorily the presence of the
Spanish squadron lying behind the island
near the inner forts, as three fired over
the hill at random." —
Rear Admiral Sampson, who arrived at
Santiago about 6 o'clock on the morning
of June 1. had four hours and twenty min
utes in which to attack the Colon and
Vizcaya. He failed, however, to fire a
single shot at them.
y^,ALL BUREAU. 1405 G STREET.
/[ X. W-. WASHINGTON, July SO.—
(I . "If Rear Admiral Schley were
guilty of a dereliction of duty in
failing to destroy the Cristobal^
Colon as she lay in the mouth of the har- ,
bor of Santiago de Cuba, then Rear Ad
miral Sampson was likewise guilty of the
same charge."
This will be one of the strongest points
which will be submitted to the court of
inquiry in behalf of Rear Admiral Schley.
In his complete report of operations un
der his command. Rear Admiral Sampson
states that immediately on arriving at
Santiago, "I steamed down past the en- ,
trance to Santiago harbor and "saw lying
close within the Cristobal Colon and one
of the Vizcaya class. Both of these got
up steam and moved up into the harbor
out of sight."
It is contended by friends of Rear Ad
miral Schley that this statement lndl-,
, cates that the Spanish ships immediately
hauled up and steamed back into the har
bor. As a matter of fact, they did not
leave their anchorage for four hours and
thirty-five minutes.
"Four to eight a. m. June 1," the log of
the Colon states, "enemy's squadron in
sight passing mouth of harbor from east
to west, afterward from west to east, at
a great distance and beyond the range of
our guns; they appear to have been rein
forced by several vessels. At 9 a. m. sent
men to coal Furor. At twenty minutes
past 10 a. m.. by order of the commandant
peneral of the squadron, cast off springs.
At twenty-flw minutes to 11 a. m. got
under way ami, under direction of com
manding officer, cast to starboard and un
der slow speed passed between Punta
Gorda and bow rf the Oquendo. Directed
our course into the Inner harbor until ten
Slightly Wounded in a Duel.
PAP.IS. Julv SO.— As an outcome of pole
mics. Leon Daudet and Gerault Richard
<th»» writer on the Petite Republique. who
recently met Max Regis on the field of
honor), fought a duel with swords this
afternoon in a suburb of Paris. M. Dau
det was slightly wounded in the wrist.
Warren Will Carry Teacher^.
WASHINGTON. July SO.— The transport
Warren has been taken on* the Alaskan
service and ordered to San Francisco,
where she will he fitted out to carry
teachers to the Philippines.
Secretary Williams paid matters were in
such a enr^ition that nothing could be
made public.
At the close of the day's session the
members of the board slipped avray one
by one to their respective homes until no
one was left at headquarters but Presi
dent Shaffer and Secretary Williams.
They at first refused to give any informa
tion, but Shaffer volunteered the state
ment that an adjournment had been taken
until to-morrow. Further than this he
r.-ould say nothinp. and admitted that
even the announcement of adjournment
was mere tban he should have said.
At the afternoon meeting of the board
all were present who had taken part dur
ing the early session, with the exception
of Garland. Soon after the session began
C. W. Bray, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Tin Plate Company and one of the
former conferees for the manufacturers,
called at the offices. President Shaffer
was called from the room and held a five
minute conversation with him in the hall
and then returned to the meeting, while
Bray left the building. The conference
between these two men was apparently of
a. friendly character and indicated that
there was at least no strained feeling
there.
During the intermission representatives
of the association were in communication
with New York over tne long-distance
telephone.
Will Hold Another Conference.
Secretary Williams read his report of
the conference and also the propositions
that had been made bv the officials of the
l"nited States Steel Corporation. The dis
cussion that followed continued until after
the noon hour and then the meeting ad
journed until VSt o'clock.
It is doubtful if the members of the
general executive board of the Amalga
mated Association were ever more un
communicative and reserved than during
and after the meeting which was held to
day. The full board \va«= present with the
exception cf National Trustee John.
Pierce, who was away on official business.
The members gathered at the. general
offices of the Amalgamated Association
early in the morning and at 9:30 o'clock
were called to order by President Shaf
fer. Those present, in addition to the of
ticlsls of the board, were Joseph Bishop,
former president of the association and
now a member of the Ohio board of ar
bitration, and il. M. Garland, also an ex
president of the organization. When the
meeting was opened all but the conferees
were requested to leave the room. The
discussion started after President Shaffer
had gone over the details of the confer
ence he had had with Morgan and Presi
dent Schwab in New York.
All i? conjecture, however, as it is im
possible to get any definite statement as
to the day's conference from any of the
persons interested. When the board dis
persed, at 6:30. every member was way
laid by persistent newspaper men seek
ing information, but every question was
answered by tht stereotyped phrase: "We
can say nothing. There is absolutely
nothing to give to the public at this
time."*
Conferees Are Setieent.
The protracted session indicates that
the beard is not satisfied with the pro
visions of the compromise measure and
unloss some modifications are made its
ratification is doubtful. The opening of
union mills to ncn-union workmen is the
point on which it is believed the board
hesitates, and the long-distance telephone
between New York and Pittsburg was
worked frequently to-day to get a modi
lioalion of this clause. The workmen
hoM -. hat this would grlve the mill owners
full opportunity to crush the union work
iTien without a strike, by finding excuses
to discharge union men and then fill their
places with non-unionists. Another rock
of dissension is said to be the retention
in their present jobs of the men who
worked as "strike breakers" at the va
rious mil'.s during the strike. It Is said
that these men have been promised the
protection of the manufacturers in case
of a settlement and that the mill owners
will not concede their dismissal at the
request of the organization. The work
ers, it is said, are willing to declare the
mills now working non-union open mills,
but strenuously object to having all the
mill? of the combination classified as open
mills.
the Amalgamated Association and Messrs.
Moigan, Schwab and Gary, representing
the United States Steel Corporation.
When the conference opened to-day It
was confidently expected that an agree
ment would be reached in a short time,
but after a session lasting from 9:30 a. m.
until 6:30 p. m. the meeting adjourned
without arriving at any conclusion, so far
as known, to meet again to-morrcw morn
ing.
PITTSBURG. July 30.— Disappointment
and apprehension pervade the air of Pitts
burg to-night because of the failure of
the executive board of the Amalgamated
Association of Iron, Steel and Tin Work
ers to ratify the peace proposals ar
ranged at the conference In New York
last Saturday by the national officers of
Ratification Now Doubtful
Unless Other Compro
mises Are Made.
STEEL WORKERS
ARE STILL OUT
Conferees Meet But Pail
to Ratify Peace
Proposals.
WOMAN IS INJURED
BY A RT7NAWAY HORSE
Mrs. Hughes of Angels Camp Prot
ably Fatally Iniured in Road
Disaster,
ANGELS. July 30.—Mrs. Mary Hughf3
and Miss Lydes Tibbergheln of this pl9ce
were driving into town in an open buggy
Sunday evening and when about one mile
out another team came behind them,
frightening their horse, which ran away,
throwing them out. Mrs. Hughes, in fall
ing, had her left leg caught in the wagon
spring and was dragged over half a mile
before the horse was stopped.
When picked up it was found that the
flesh was torn from her side, four ribs
were broken on the left side and two en
the right. She is not expected to live.
Her companion was not Injured.
Bridegroom Beats Name Record.
SAN JOSK. July ."».—The record for long
names of bridegrooms was broken here
to-day, when Fesdrowitchskitz Moosbrug
gerykokbi. a Russian, applied for a license
to wed Miss Alice C. LJpp, a resident of
Redwood City. This name, the owner of
It declared, was not his full title, and his
first name was simply an abbreviation, a*
under the Russian law he was privileged
to add ten more letters to it.
NASHVILLE, Tehn., July 30.— With the
backing of influential Democrats, includ
ing a former Governor of Tennessee, a
movement has been started to make Rear
Admiral Schley the candidate of the Dem
ocratic party for President of the United
States in 1904. The : Nashvirie Daily News
to-day publishes interviews with Governor
Benton McMillen, ex-.Governor Robert L.
Taylor, "United States • Senator Carmack
and other distinguished men of the State
on the Schley-Sampson" controversy.
Former' Governor .Taylor Bays;" -j.
"I am for Schley for President of the
United States, He has been the worst
treated man in our history; the Dreyfus
case has almost been equaled here in our
free country, -A Marylander, he is a man
whom the South can claim and be proud
to support, at the same time a man whom
no Northern Democrat can object to. He
is the man for the Democrats : to . nomi
nate in 1004, and with him as leader the
voters will rebuke .his traducers." ¦
Tennessee Democrats Would Make
' Him Standard -Baarer in 1904.
BOOM SCHIiEY FOR PRESIDENT.
sald he had not seen the letter which
Admiral Schley wrote to the Secretary of
tho Navy acknowledging the receipt of
the court of inquiry precept and making
certain suggestions in reference thereto.
Captain James Parker, the former naval
orllcer, who is actinic as assistant counsel
in the case for Admiral Schley, says that
the letter was mailed- to Secretary Long
at 6 o'clock Sunday evening. Captain
Parker says that he, himself, deposited
tho letter in a box at the general post
office. , In the ordinary course of the
mails the letter Bhould have reached Sec
retary Long yesterday . morning. The
supposition at the Navy Department Is
that If Secretary Long received the let
ter .he took It with him on his departure
from Washington this morning without
making its contents known to the officials
of the department. It ia certain that
the letter of Admiral - Schley comments
upon-the fifth specification of the precept
and it is believed makes certain sugges
tions regarding It. Captain Parker will
remain here several days to complete his
examination of the official papers bear
ing on matterB which will, come before'
the court.
Effoj ts of Bandit to Rob Her Hus-
band Balked by Mrs. Mary
Bitzer. .
PETAL.UMA'," July 30.— Mrs. Mary Blt
*er attacked a highwayman last night
and with no weapon but a slipper succeed
ed in. putting him to flight and rescuing
her husband, who was in danger of being
robbed.
Bluer -was returning to his home when
a stranger -accosted nUn. knocked him
down and tried to rifle his pockets.- Mrs.
Bitzer heard the shouts of her husband,
and rushing out of the house, attacked
the robber with her slipper, striking him
in'the face. He drew a pistol, but, fright
ened by the woman's screams, ran away.
Several assaults hnve occurred in tiie
same district In the past few days.
WOMAN DRIVES AWAY
DESPERATE HIGHWAYMAN
a suit to oust him from office because he
left the State on April 3 and was absent
fifteen days without obtaining permission,
it Is alleged, from the Board of Supervis
ors. A petition to file a quo-warranto suit
to accomplish this has been filed with At
torney General Tlrey I... Ford by T. D.
Livingston of this county through Attor
ney F. C. Scherrer. The petition seta forth
that on April 3 last Stern made a trip to
Seattle without first obtaining permission
to leave the State, and because of this
be has since usurped and unlawfully held
the office of Supervisor in the Third dis
trict. The petition asks that Stern be
ousted and the office be declared vacant.
- Supervisor Stern, through Attorney S.
F. Leib, has filed an answer In which he
practically admits the facts set forth, but
states he told the other members of the
board he intended to make the trip and
they made no objection. No resolution
granting Stern permission to leave the
State was passed, and ne sets forth in the
answer that he could have had such a res
olution passed had he asked it. It is also
held ' the law does not state how such
permission shall be granted.
ASKS FOB. OUSTING
OF THE SUPERVISOR
San Jose Citizen Bequests Attorney
General to Consider Case of
Fred Stern.
SAN JOSE, July 20.— Supervisor Fred M.
Stern of this county id confronted with
Baptists. '
SANTA CRUg,. July 3O.-Much interest
was excited at the Christian convention
in Garfisld Park to-day over suggestions
made by a committee, from the Baptist
Assembly, conaisUng of the Rev. A. P.
Banks of Sacramento, the Rev. J. Brown
of Fresno and the Rev. J. A. Coombs.
The committee brought a greeting from
the Baptist convention. Dr. Banks em
phasized the growing tendency toward a
union between the Baptists and the Dis
ciples. The report states that the time
is almost at hand, if not now here, when
the brotherly love they bear to each other
should be shown in some more tangible
and substantial way ¦ than by annual
greetings. Then follows:
"We would commend to your earnest
attention that in many small villages
where there is only room for one small
church of our belief, both the Christians
and Baptists exist as rivals. Is there not
some plan which we could agree upon by
which -we could unite our forces in these
fields and avoid all such useless duplica
tion of church plants in the future by a
system of comity and local union?"
The ¦ report was received with enthusi
asm. A committee was appointed by the
Christian convention to confer with the
Baptist committee to agree upon some
plan in accordance with suggestions.
Clergyman at Garfleld Park Suggests
a Union of Christians and
PAVORS AMALGAMATION
• OF THE TWO CHURCHES
AMSTERDAM, July 30.— Mr. Kruger
to-day ' received Robert Van Shaack,
treasurer of the Holland Society of Chi
cago, who presented to him an. invitation
to visit. the United States. • ' . ,'"
How Boers In the field get news is ex
plained by dispatches to the Daily Mall
from Lourenzo JYIarques and Amsterdam,
from which it. appears j that the Boers
maintain " a* regular service, of dispatch
riders. Cables .are received and filed at
Lourenzo Marques.
General Kitchener. ' after a long chase of
VUJoen's commando, "caught up with ¦ It. A
sharp flsrht*ensued. . "We captured a pompom
and twenty-two wagons and, took twenty-three
prisoners. The British' had five wfcunded.
LONDON, July 30.— The "War Office Lhas
received .the '. following dispatch • from
Lord Kitchener: . . - . , : ¦
DURBAN, Natal, July SO.— Details re
ceived here of what seemed at first to be
a sklrmlshr between the Boers and a
British -column,, near. Nquita; ¦• •¦ July ,28,
shows: that, an all-day . fight occurred, in
which, the ; British narrowly escaped the
loss of a gun of the Sixtv-seventh Field
Battery." Four hundred Boers repeatedly
rushed the British position, killing Major
Edwards and. Gunner Carpenter. . The
gun was limbered up and. taken at a gal
lop-for three miles under a heavy fire.
Five British were killed.
Imperial Troops Almost Lose
a Gun and. Sustain Loss
- of Five Killed.
Four Hundred Boers
Rush the Position of
the Enemy!
ALL-DAY FIGHT
WITH BRITISH
E. C." Starks, are making an Investigation
of the. local seal rookeries for the Gov
ernnTent, .which may add volumes to the
present knowledge of seals and the In
dustry of sealing.
For some weaks they have been engaged
in, visiting the rookeries of San Miguel
and Santa Cruz Islands, two of the is
land chain which bounds the Santa Bar
bara Channel. It has been held that the
seals /were destroyers of edible fish and
for this reason fishermen have regarded
them as their enemy. In former times
all .these -channel islands were inhabited
by thousands of seals, but the ravages. of
the hunters have thinned them out until
only a few rockeries remain. Hunters
have been allowed to enter the rookeries
at breeding- time and wantonly kill them.
The species -which inhabit this coast, have
a value of only* about 75 cents per skin
to the hunters, so that to make wages
the. slaughter, must be wholesale. Sea
lions . have also been destroyed.
The work of the Stanfond men has been
to ascertain whether. the seals were flsh
eaters. . For this purpose they chartered
a schooner under Captain Vasquez of this
port. They did not confine their search
to one locality, but took seals from every
part of the island where they are found.
On their first voyage sixty-three were
captured' and killed for examination of
their stomachs. Out of the slxty-threa
only three were found to contain edible
fish. .There were, devil fish, squid and
shell fish; discerned by microscopic analy
sis,.in the stomachs of the seals, but oth
er kinds were not there. This was taken
as a proof that the seal is not an enemy
but a friend to the fisherman. In the
stomach of one huge bull seal were found
fifteen pieces of rock, each larger than a
hen's epg.
The Stanford men sailed to-dav for the
lower end of Anacapa island, the farth
est island southeast In the chain. They
will return here for supplies on Monday.
SANTA: BARBARA, .July 30.— Two
Stanford University men, Snodgrass and
Rookeries.
¦ - * , - ' 7 ' ¦ *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Being. Made at the
Stanford Students Upset
; a Theory at Santa
- + ¦ ¦ .
Interesting Investigation Is
SEALS BEFRIEND
TIE FISHERMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /W EDNESD JLY,,' ¦ JULY 31, 1901,
3
This Will Be One of the Strongest Points Which Is to Be
Submitted to Court of Inquiry in Behalf of the Accused
Acting Commander at the Battle of Santiago Bay
"IF SCHLEY IS GUILTY OF FAILING
TO DESTROY THE COLON, SO IS SAMPSON"
minutes to 12 a~ m., at which time 'we
came to anchor." • .
Thus it will be shown to the court that
culpability attaches to either officer.
"YYhen Rear Admiral Sampson delivers
his testimony to the court he will be
.; fTlme JTlnja Time
Ttrrve
Ft. Ft.
:,V H : W ¦¦ ,
2.3 11:16 5.8
'2.0 ...... .....
L W
1 6.S 6:4S l;8
5.4 7:40 1.5
5.4 8:39 1.2
" B.5 9:41 1.0
6.6 10:57 0.7
Dg.te Ft. — — Ft.
(j L W H W ' L W
.te
Ft.
II .. 5:15 —0.51 32:19 4.9 5:10
1 ¦ .. .5:51— 0.41 12:51 6.2 5:57
H W |L W H W
2 .. 0:05 5.6 6:31 0.0 1:24
S .. 0:56 5.8 7:11 0.8 1:59
4 .. .1:50 5.0 7:57 0.9 2:36
5 ... 2:62 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16
6 ... 4:07 4.8 9:29 1.9 4:06
Steamer. I Destination. £i "I Sails.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottage City... Skajjuty & "Way Ports Aug. 1
Conemaugb Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
City of Topeka. Skagruay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Chas. Nelson... Skasuay , & Way Ports Aug. 3
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Farallon Hkaguay & Way Ports Aug. H
Queen.... ...Skagruay & Way Ports Aug. 8
City of. Seattle. Skaguay Sk Way Ports Aug. 8
Bertha Valdea & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial Nome &. Teller City.... Aug. 10
Btenmer. From. Hue.
Nny« llumboliU July 81
tlmntlllH. ...... I'im.-i Hound I'orti.,... July 81
Kuwkn, .,.,.„, llumbotth July SI
Nnltenwun..,,, MWonm. ..,.,.,...,,,..., July SI
Hmii ivili-n,.,,,. lluniboldt ............... July 31
Hi |iii<l,, ,,,,,,,, I'nniiix ...........t. ...... July ill
Kmfilro ,,, t'uirn liny ,,,,,,.,,.,,,,, auk. I
City ot tfyttnay I'minnm A Wny I'orw. Aujt, 1
(.Wll»i ......... NnWimi'l A Wi»y I'.UIK All*. I
North Kork.,.. lluniiioUtt ............... Auk, 1
Hlvnl,.,,. Wltlnim llrulu.r , Au*. 1
Arcntn..., ...... i'i»;m Hay......... auk, I
MfthU Hoim,,,.. Knn l>i«'Ki> t* Way l'tn, Auk. i
AoimonHun,,,,, V»l|nHiil«ii A \Vi»y I'lu. A\itf. 1
-AiiiiM'ii'ti Muru. Ohlnn «tut Jnnwn. ...... Au*. I
liiHnliT. ........ Mi>»ut|.« A N*. WHut.Hun AUK, I
i'olnt <vn>ni\.... I'olnt Arnm. ............ Autf. >
Mn|\ilNlity,,..,, (•miuillii Ulv.-r, .,„..,,,. M\g, 8
l)PA|mtt<li,,,,,,, Hhh IViIro Aim, a
roninim.. ...... IlimilmliU ............... auk. 1
\1. \\\ KliVr.,.. PnrtlMml .V Aitorln.... Auk. S
Mlltoti..,,,,.,., N'tutMltiio ................ Auk, 4
• I, Dnllnr....... Oray* Hnrltnr ,.,,,,... Auk. 4
COfOntttOtmiti Uiuyw Iliulior ,.,,.,.,, Auk, J
Siiiitit llurliura, Hun Trdrn ............. Aug. 4
H.uiliii ,. Hun l'vilrn A \Vny rt*. Auk. 4
KisUn of i'hI.... Hiin t>l«-K» A Whv I'tx, Auk. 4
\\'u«l>l«tinw,,.. TNeomK ........,..,,,,,, Auk. 4
City of UueliU. I'mcnt Hmind ]'«rt<«.,., Auk. fi
N'Kn lfitmlnirK 4 Way VorU Aur, r.
Houth t'oi-tlunit 'I'lirotin .,.,.,.,., Auk. B
AvhvII. ......... N»w YorU vln I'annmH Auk, tt
Htnumri', l>rHtltitit|tili,
]\, Pollnr,<n, ?ei\MI» *i UniHncH,
Htnto of pnl,, Han IM»'kh ,vi Wuy,
t'umium,,,,,, IHu\il>i<li.tt ,„,„„„
Ai'iun,, ,,,,..< HUmliiw IIImu.,,,,,
' 1 Awuiint tt
ronemRMih.i Nnm«
lUrmontntttt HniHlmra »? W'Hy,,
f?»«rtnft....iM HeRUIe * V«eom«,,
N.i'yit,, ,,,,,,., ihiinlmliit ,,,,,,,,,,
«ierra v .i,.««. ly«i»«s' ft Way l'»i
i'mI'IU',, ,«,,.. I'lilHu nod >t(Umn,,
,\ ItUctlMt 1I1
Ulval,. ....... Willupft Hafbof..,.
» l .ii--nim.,.,... San iMr^n,, ,,,,,,,,,
Aii'iiut....... tit>ttff Usty...... ......
AtlttllMi t.
Umatllla..... Pu«pt Round Pofie
(Han redre.o. Mumbolrtt ,.,,,t,,,,
North PbfHi. Humbithit ..........
Hsuuc Hush., San 1)lr«o A Way.
AllttUMt tti
Santa Barb., Humholut .......1..
Manriaitty,,.. Coqutlli* River ....
Point. Archil.. Point Arena,. ......
Autt'UHl (I.
AUBtralla,...: Tahiti dlreet ......
O. W. Elder, Astoria & Portland
Ralhler Seattle & N. AVhat
Aconcagua, .. V^alparBlso tt "Way
Bonlta.. San Pedro & Way.
Hulls. I'lnV
6 pm P|«r 1
« am Her 11
8 prft i<ier 1)
8 pm Pier Sf
mm.,, SwuUS
19 m Plep I
g pm IM«p |
10 am 1'ter f
U am riep It
Ifl am t'lep is
9 am I'lef 13
1 I'lii I'MHti
6 em I Vr II
13 in sth it,
9 em Pier n
13 in IMer 11
11 am t'lpf t
ID am Pter a
0 am t'inr 3
b am Pipf 11
10 am Pt§p 8
4 pm Pier 8
3 I'm l>ler<2
10 am Pl^r t
U am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-SOOT.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dl>
courages and lessens ambition; beauty, vigor
x|t== .., ¦ «. - „ ..and cheerfulness soon
i'f^y _j? disappear v/hen the kid-
irrrfe^Ttfllr'- ne y s are ou * °* order
= mWv£FtoE= Kidney trouble fcas,
-' W P'C^fjN-) j — become so prevalent
" 3jrl!8k )} that it Is not uncommon
Sfl\>mbKst\^jl f° r a child to be born
/VlS^i^W^ 5 ? atfHct=d with weak kld-
W^|^|jiy=- * neys. If the child urin-
ates too often, if the
urine scalds the flesh or if, when the child
reaches an age when It should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment of
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of the
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose. . -
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble,
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- PT^^'
cent and one dollar rf!CiSr3J53p
sizes. You may have a s^xj^^t^rSS*
sample bottle by j mail ""OesifeaKB^ggi
free, also pamphlet tell- Home of swamp-Bool
ing all about it, including many of the
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and
mention this Dauer. * i'J\i:/.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
**£^ $ an^' b^t'M 3> r ls become invalids for life, because at the crucial period jjjjffl
°* Puberty they pay no attention to the laws of health. Mothers should protect g§3
t^ cir d au i>htcrs' health by giving them necessary information and proper treat- KM
S H ! l^^^^^M^^K ment When the menses come on a £irl unawares in her inexperience she is ¥|q
W <tV§i*iS3*^ cither frightened into convulsions or scared into trying to check the flow. Many jlw
«jis ( • K girls have checked the flow and it has never started again. And as a result they ||j|
i^?~v«f X * e « H have grown palc-fcccd, with "crow tracks" on their checks, and dark half-mooru 1W|
|f Eg kken every morning after a girl is twelve years old will bring the menses on HI
5* \ j=$iV_*of P^P^y an< * CC P tncm rc 5 u ' ar « «t will help her to develop into an attractive at
v^"w NJ^hH^Sht woman anc * C( l u 'P ncr f° r * nc duties of wifehood and motherhood. All ffl|
jlgSSrj533gdxsg|^P^ drugguts sell $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardul. . Hi
/gar I read your advertisement In regard to Ulne of Cardul in the Baltimore American, and SBL
|pX It io favorably imprtsstd me thit on mv visit to Baltimore durln* the holidays I purchased a bottle of It for my BM
q|s adopted deughttr, who was *uffering wilh female troubles. She nad been under the doctor's care for «ome time, Mw
Eytf and when her periods would come on her suffering was something terrible. I Induced her to try It and the first MBf
Ega to%t brought on her menses. She took It rejulerly according to the directions, and was greatly relieved. To use JM
[||l her own words, "It uved my lift". . J. WESLEY CROSS. SmL
pva Fofadrlee and literature address, firing symptom*, M The Ladies' Advisory ' .-' ' M
n£f Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Corapany, Chattanooga, Tenn. . wK
samples of our $10.00 made-to-measure suits:
first, to overcome any prejudice he might have
against a made-to-order suit at that price; second, .
to pick out a suitable pattern; third, to convince '
him that the material is all wool and worth the
money, and fourth, to get in touch with our made-
to-order department, because it is a money-saving
means on the clothes proposition. '
The price is so low that some people think
before they have investigated that they cannot
be good suits. Ss we say to every purchaser:
If this suit is not satisfactory in every way return
it and get your money back; if you keep the suit
bring it any time within a year and we will make
any necessary repair free. V .
You run no risk in buying clothing on this
principle. Wouldn't you like to see our samples?
They are free for the asking.
; >-j /\ Suits satisfactorily made
Jjl^SF through our self-measur-
vJbSf 7i& t^^rhzt St., jFROM»SEATTLE.
United States . Coast « and Geodetic Survey—
• Times and Heights of High and Low
.Waters at • Fort Point, entrance to , San
• Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the •Superintendent. :.. • • ¦ - .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur a|
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at FoFt Point;
the height of tid« Is the same ftt both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 30— Stmr Wllhelm
der Orosse, for, Bremen via Cherbourg and
Southampton. '
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 20— Stmr Sierra,
from San Francisco: arrived previously, stmr
Ventura, from San Francisco.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 30— Stmr Corinthjan,
from Montreal for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 30— Stmr Maas
dam, from New Tork. ¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 28— Stmr Olympla,
for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 30— Stmr Lake
Chamrlain, for Montreal. .
PLYMOUTH— Sailed July 30— Stmr Pretoria,
for New York.
KINS ALE— Passed July 30— Stmr Georglana,
from New York, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 30— Stmr Furnessia,
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded. -
QUEENSTQWN— Arrived July ¦: 30— Stmr
Noordland, from Philadelphia, for ' Liverpool :
stmr New York, for Liverpool, and -proceeded.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 30— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York for Hamburg, and , pro
ceeded. * i .
NEW YORK— Arrived July 30— Stmr "Werra,
from. Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUKKNSTOWN=Avlvefl July 8T=»p ihlp
lionl t'Blrns, lietiee March 18.
l!AMUUltn=,\prlveti July S8=0ep ehlp llpun-
elmuR§n, frfim (Jr#BOH.
HAVUJ9«=Applvea July S9=Up ship eeunty ef
LlHlltlimw. from Oreftm.
HULU=Afflvetl July SB=ap ihlp ThlBtle
tiUltt, lirlli'p Mrtrt'll S.
Hailed July 8s«Br bark BunstaffHftB#, far
Btiii FfAncleee.
WOVKH=l'aBf<l July gS^Gep *hlp Tftppmbek,
from HaiflliUrg fof Astoria, Of,
YOKOHAMA-Bftllcd July 88«8tmr Olymbla,
for IVeotn*.
QUlSliNBTOWN-efti^d July 88-Br «htp Cel
tlebutn, fof Hull; Ff bark Marguerite Dol!fu«,
for Fleetwood.
ACAPULCO— Salted July 28— Btmr Newport,
for Panama.
MONO KONCJ— Arrived July 28— Stmr China,
hence June 20.
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 30— Stmr Ven
tura., hence July 11.
PAPEETE— Salted July 9— Bktn Tropic Bird,
for San Frn.nctsco.
Arrived July 0— Rrlr Lurllne. hence June 1L
In port July 18— Fr gunboat Zelee.
Fonwifli* roiiTff,
NWV YOnK^Arrtved July 80=8tinr Aflvanee,
from Celen.
HA8TBHN POnTH,
nOMKSTlC rORTfl.
I'OnT TOWNSKND— Arrived July 30-Sttnr
Cottnire City, from Ali\sku.
BhIIM Jul»- 10-Jiclir Kied i Wood, tor Val
imralfo,
TAtjOMA-SallM July »-8tm» Klntuck, for
MruIIh; Mr ittnr Al«oa, for Manila.
Arrived July :»-Htmr fioutU rnriitunl, frm
tit'Uttl.'.
UUAT8 HAUnon-Salled July tO-fltmr Co«
M»IH«« Ulvi'i", for Hnn KruncUoti! •chr Jennie
Ktella, for Han l»etlro: nelir A J "Went, for Hau
l-'rfxiK'lHooi »ohp Whwhiim, for Ban I'etlio,
HOUTU HKNn-»atle(t July SO-Ht«»> lllval,
for Hnn Frannlaoo.
HAN PKDHiv-Arrlvnl July 80-R»mr Rftmon,
from Uitwuiitt l.ttiullMR; itmr Um))i«tcU, frum
Ffttrhavin,
HHll^it .inly 80— SeUr Ttoy #emer«, for Wli-
Una llnrlior.
t.'uOrt 1»AY— ArrlvH July 8^-lltmr Artata,
lii'Hi'i- July IT.
NM'i.Mi IUV— t'aweil July SO-Ntmr KlntuoU,
foe Manila; utmr Nom« city, for Nomet Ur
otmr Milton. het\cn July SS for Nnnftluto.
HAN lUKuO~Arrlv*l July 8»-Ur Rtmr JUl«
linn Klnu, rii<n\ 'HnKKki.nu;,
OttAYM 1IAUHOU— Arrlvwt Jvily l»»8lmr«
Coronttilo nnd Ornrn Doiinr, h»nc» July SS.
HUATTt.K— Hnllrrt Juty IP— 8tnvr« Nome City
mill OrtKtm, fur Nome; »tmr City of Mmitti.-,
for KltnfU(iy>
Arrlvpil July 56-Ktmr HninnwleH, with ttmp
lt>ith In tow, Trom Ht Mlrtiael,>
lMJltMKA— Arrival July 30—Htmr Kurcha, hq
July "S^
SIJATTIiK-Arrlvnl July 10-?tmr Cottage
City, fit>m Hl«»Kuny.
HWATTUK-Kalleti July !l0-8tmr Banta Itena,
for Norn* »na Ht Mlchnel.
. Arrtvtnl July 80-Ur »tmr nucklnitham, trm
NUw'fw'llATCOM-Arrlveil July 30-mmr
Uiiliilrr, hence July 83) itmr Arutle, heneo
V A^TO'niA— Pallefl July 30-fUr hark Nal, for
Quefiu»U>wn; NM Melunothan, for Pan l'rmi«
° Arrlvtfl July S»-nr «tmr M*\ n > from Ouaya.
qX MtrnWKA-Arrlvert July 8<KStmr Mmplre,
from Oo»» Ut»y,
Hnilitil July StwHchr bottle Pawn, for n»my*
nmHi »tmc Noyn, for Han l'ranol»«o| utmp
Kurekn, for Han KrnnciPPO,
\UHT HAN pwnitfv-ArrlvM July 80-Ptmp
Oi'm UmhuIh, It.'ni e July £9 , «iui nnlltnl on »HI\
fm< Han Frati^Uoiii ,. _
OAHi*AU»iiatlDti July so>=gtmr South Ooa«t,
for Ban Fronelnpo,
July ft, Int sn *o north, lone 133 18 wot, pass
ed, schr i-Vresl Horn*, henco July IS for Lady
imtth.
day in .tha order ot oocurrenee an to time 1 of
any: the third time column gtvea the last tl<l<>
of the tiny; exempt when there are hut three
tides, us sometimes occur*. Thn heluhtB given
arp In addition to tho poundings on the United
Ktntc* Count Survey chart*, except when a
minim (— ) »tun preced««ii thf helsht, nnii then
tho number Riven i» subtracted from the depth
given by the ehartu, Tho plane of reference la
the mean of tho lower low waters,
Strnmer Movements.
TO ARHIVn.
CRESCENT CITY DISCHARGING REDWOOD LUMBER INTO THE KOS
MOS LINER HERMQNTHIS. IF NOT DEI«VYKD BY TTIR STRIKE
THE L.ATTEH WILI* OKT AWAY FOR EUROPE TO-MORROW.
WEPNESDAT. JULf 31.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
.. ' • Tuesday, July 30.
Stmr.Acme, Lundquist, 41 hours from Ban
Pedro. . ,:*,
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 19 hours frm Cleone.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 12 days from Pa-
peete. ; . - '
Ger stmr Anubis, Bebnnann, 112 days from
Hamburg and way ports.
Bark Levi G Burgess, Younggren, 6 days fm
Tacoma. -
Bark Highland Light, McLure, 10 days from
Tacoma. ' ¦ . *'
Schr Laura. PJke, Johnson, 65 hours from
Eureka. ' ' • ' ; .
Schr San Buenaventura,' Hotmberg, - 6 days
from Grays Harbor. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Schr PePaace, Blum, 6% days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Gotama, Semsen, 4% days from Coos
Bay.- ¦ •¦ v;'( ¦ ¦ " : : ¦¦-.-¦..¦••¦;
Schr Commerce, Butenshon, S days from Ta
coma. ' ¦ " • ¦¦¦ ..... . :
Schr AM Baxter, Isaacksen. 10 days from
Doefish Bay. ¦ .-. - - ¦ ,
¦ Schr Allen A, Iversen, . ?4 days from Ka
hulul. . .
Schr North Bend. Jackson, 6 day« from
WHlap^a Harbor. . '•£>"<:«
CJUEABED. .s :
"¦ * "• Tueaa^ty, July 30. •
Stmr Walt* Walla. KaU. Victoria. aBd Port
Townsend; Goodall. . Perkins & Co. '
Bark Gerard C Tofoey, Gove, Honolulu:
Welch ft" Co. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • .
. ; SAILED. , : .-. ¦-:•;- . - ;
- JMondsy, July 29.'
Stipr Gep Loomts, Jjridgnt, East San Pedro.
Tuesday, July 39. ;
Stftir Bonita., Nopander, San I»e4ro., '? '
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall,- Victoria asd Pugat
Sound. , •.:..•
Br stmr "Welllnffton, Salmond, Nanajmo.
. Ship Emily F Whitney, Brlgman, Honolulu. '
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Point ¦ Reyei.
Schr Webfoot. Mercer, . Coos Bay. ,
TELEORAPHIC. ;.¦ -
POINT LOBOS, July 30, 10 p m— Weatker
hazy; wind SW; velocity, 8 mllea perhour.
. ' MISCELLANEOUS. .:
LONDON. July : 30.— Br bark Dendraeth Cas
tle, from Cardiff for Esquimau, put In to. Rio
de Janeiro with cargo heated. : It Is feared
she will have to discharge.
MEMORANDUM. .
i. Per schr Allen A,« from Kahulul, July S0-^
¦¦ . ' ':" " V' " ¦.' ¦' :,' v Cr'l?
An Addltionnl Wnnlfeit,
In addition tn mso previously reported the
•tenmer Pan Nina, vhlph sailed MondHy for
ranamR «n»l way port», wrrlert ntercltftntil**
fnr Central Ameplea vahiort at ll»,«4. ami tvr
i'«nnni«, Jf^ix, The. inHnlf^t Ini'lmimt ill" fn|.
l<*f»r M»!ilPR=lW pb fanned noeds, S3 phas dry
nwnin, |i) |ik«H c§r wht>el«, i pi inmnly, ml pUuh
Kreeprle* an*t imnMstonw, IT* ea Imrdwnre, 8
mlf>a |>Khi, 83 fH imcm 1 , h I'ttli'it i'tiM<iM' |m»>Mhtt.
61 eo 1 k*» whliky, 84« gals \vl»e,
Wr Peniml Amer!eti=*iaf1 ei «aal ©II. 81 e«
eanned totitln, 4 ertiln cardan, IS bale* bafe, ;i
ei druifB, «T itftleB domestic, ico itkis Aty wmU,
SS tikgH irtjeet'ie* and jipevlsletm, 61 ,t'« »la»B»
ware, 11 ei hardware, It kt>g8 liquors, 16SD ltm
Hitllituffe, 30 vkst iiiBohltift-y, fit) eg ell, IS lulls
pt|'». T t'I'RS lmliitB and oils, iO.Miti tbR I Up, 22
Kpur 6t«tilrf«, law lbs p.Mrt. II «<b Bhoee, ST? |mlt rt
plerl ehoeR ttnd dies, 7.V» lbs cUKfir, EtO lbs fnlt,
SI I'kBB wagon tnntrt-lal, U mis Wire, 69 cs 1018
tain wine.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The Eteamnr walla AVftlla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo valued at $10,600,
including the following merchandlne: 317 gals
wine, 42 cs arnip ana ammunition, 300 tins
matches, 2699 pkgs fruit and vegetables, 74 pkgs
groceries find provisions, 252.300 lbs malt, 13,565
lbs dried frut, 184 bxs raisins, 7048 lbs coffee,
BOO bHs salt, 4 bales twine, 11 pkgs palnta and
oils, 15 cs canned goods, 4 hales leather, SO cs
druge, 11 cyls gas, 824 lbs chocolate, 37 pkgs ma
chinery, 10 bbls coal oil, 240 lbs borax, 800 lbs
eusar, 68 era onions.
Wat <m- Front. Not •».
The «hlp Iwteborit, now out' 113 flay*
from l'fti"p«muyo for Melbourne, Au««
trulln, Is conHldnrHhly nvordu* and SS pnr
cent In hplntr oift«r«'il to rnlunuro her. On
thn llntblooK, now out fight y- four dnyn
from llon«kon« to 1'ortlnnd, ¦ 8(1 per
cent, nnd on the Cmmiy of HuddlnRton,
now out 179 day* from New* York for
KlmiiKluil. SO ppr cent l» ufforwl.
The City of Hydnwy, from Panama, and
tho AfioneitHun, from H»iuth nnd Cnntral
Amerlcn, will b« duo to-morrow, luid tho
Amcrlen Muni, from the Orient, on Fri
day.
NEWS OP TUB OCEAN.
MnttcvH of Interest to Mrwlnern niul
Shipping Mprohnnts.
The burki Andrew Welch and th« Ald«n Dine
will loaA merclmnnlsfi for Honolulu i thn Ann*
niuhte, wheat for Ti«roj>«, IT« M, prior to ar»
rival: ih« roltnlloch, wheat m I'm-tlnnti for \:\\
ropoi ti>« Hnnw nnd J»uvbo»m, hunlter wt Unmt»l«
(or South Africa.
Londinir tho Hermonthli.
The KosmoH liner Hermonthls will net
away for Hamburg, via Central and South
American ports, to-morrow, 8ho hud to
complete her loading? yesterday undm* dif
ficult ten. The CreiH-ent City hnd a dtok
loftd of lumber to put aboard, but no orow
to do thf work, Finally Captain
Pnyno and hti two nmtptt, Hasmtpd by two
Hftllora from thn HenmmthtH, wriit to
work nnd hlowly got th« rodwood nbonrrt
tbfl Hn«»r. Hh'ould th« ntf»nn*v p^t nil bttr
cursro to-day t*ho will null to-morrow
morning, .
BrinjjB Back a Number of Excursion'
ists From the Island.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
boat Australia arrived from Tahiti yester
day after a very pleasant' run. The ex
cursionists who went down on tho steam
ship were at Papeete during the celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bastile, and all
were loud in their praise of the wonderful
sights they Baw. Those who camo back
in the flrst and Eecond cabins of the Aus
tralia were:
T. Atwater, A. I* Coombs and wife, Captain
B. P. Chapman, United States Consul; J. L.
Doty, H. Drollet, Miss I\ Drollet, Captain C.
R, l-'oye, K. W. OnlllHrd, John Ooodlwr, J. C.
Hill and wife. Mrs. II. /.. Howiml. Miss M.
Howard, A. Hyde, MIhb K. Hyde. Judgo K.
KnlKht and wife, MIms <;. 1>. Knight, R«v.
Father John A, I^olly, fl. P, I*nKley», Ml**
L, Plnney, Ml«» J. M. Poston, Frank Trenton,
Mm. U Hrhmldt. Mlmi M. Omlth. Mix O. is.
Hprlnr, J. I>. Hjireckela Jr.. Colonel C. I*. Tay
lor, Captain T. O, Taylor. J. J'1nni«, M. Kin
nle, A, OelNke, T.lon OulrnurtK N. I*nmberl,
A, l«erou\ nnd .In men T, Mills.
Dealdea these the Australia brought up
four Chlnene, in transit.
ATJSTRAiLIA FKOM TAHITI.
THE Kosmoa liner Anubis arrived
from Hamburg, via . South and
Central American ports, yester^
day. She brought up sixteen cabin
passengers,, two second cabin pas
sengers, and one In the steerage. Off the
River riatte the Anubis was caught in a
pampero, and for three days a • storm
raged that tested the qualities of the ship
to tho utmost. A quantity of wreckage
was passed, and 1 Captain Behrmann ex
pected: to hear of a disaster at Valpa
raiso. Upon arriving: at that port he
learned of the abandonment of the flve
masted French bark France! and later
met her master. The France was bound
from Newcastle-on-Tyne for Valparaiso
with a cargo of coal and was caught in
the same storm as the Anubis,
Some of the spars were carried away and
the vessel was thrown on her beam ends.
All the masts were cut away in an at
tempt to get her on an oven keel, but it
fulled. Tho crew consequently abandoned
the France and later were picked up by. a
passing' steamer and taken to Monte
video. The France was last seen on May
13 in latitude 32 degrees 22 minutes south,
longitude 59 degrees 27 minutes west. She
was ono of the tho largest sailing vessels
afloat, being 8942 tons burden, 361 feet long,
48 feet 8 Inches beam, and 25 feet 0 Inches
deep.
The cabin passengers on tho Anubis
were the following named:
From Callno— Arthur Hansen and wife, San
Joae de Guatemala: Roberto Cabrera, Mazat
lan; Eugene BchmttU, wlfo and threo children;
Juan du Fr»sne and wife. F. Rivers, Jose Blu
Inguanzo, Eladlo de la Rocha and sister and
Pedro Echesruren.
The Anubis will take on a general cargo
besides 1000" tons of barley and 1000 tons
of flour for South nnd Central America.
Kosmos Liner Anubis Was in the Same Gale and Brings
News of the Safe Arrival of the Captain and Grew of
the Ship at Valparaiso— The France Is Abandoned
FRENCH FIVE-MASTED BARK FRANCE
WRECKED IN STORM OFF THE PLATTE
FIGURES GIVEN
TO EQUALIZERS
Representatives of Rail
roads Meet the
State Board.
test Against One of
the Items.
Santa Fe People Make Pro-
SACRAMENTO, July SO.-At the session
of the State Board of Equalization thU
afternoon A. P. Maginnis and Howetl
Jone3, the latter an Eastern director ot
the Santa Fe system, appeared an behalf,
of the Santa Fe Pacific und tho Southern
California and the San Francisco and San.
Joaquin. which constitute the holdings of
the banta Fe system In California.
The Santa Fe Pacific system has 212
miles of track. The roadbed, rails, etc..
are valued at OTO.ltiS, value of the rolling
stock {IOIS.lTj, gross eurnlngs $1.693.U'ji>.
cost of operating Jl,413,W>0, leaving a nafc
Income ot $27S,0t>6.
A general discussion of the beat method
of attixlng valuation betweeu the threo
Bystems followed, und the board took up
the utatement of the San Joaquin Valley
system.
Tho San Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley road la 274 miles in length. Thtf
value of the roadbed, rails, etc.. Is J1.87J.
550, value of the rolling stock $m..>i...
pross earnings J1.1S7.5S7. cost of operating
11,369,378, or an apparent •deficit Of $181,790.
President Brown contended that th«
Item of $Sb7,117 charged to the account of
betterments and uddltlons should be de
ducted from the Mst of operating ex
penses, which wonii give a net Income of
$lS5.U2a. instead oi the stated deficiency.
Muglnnls expressed a protest against this.
aa the amount expended In betterments
and additions, he said, had in reality add*
ed but little value to the roud.
The Southern California Railroad,
which is connected with the Santa Fe sys
tem, was considered. This road la 4i>7
miles in length. The roadbed, rails, etc.,
are valued nt $2.22IX"O, vnlue of the roll-
Ing stock J161.6.S5, gross earnings $2,77::.
580. operating expfnaea $1,811.3(5. leavlnjj a
net incom«? of $961,214. The road had paid
(780,142 in interest.
After a brief discussion of valuations
the entire matter was takrn under advUa
ment.
SEATTLE. July 30.— Out in the Straits
of Snn Juan de Kura. nftfr havtng cluu;;
to an upturned sailboat for thirteen hourd,
John K. Lee, n travellne salesman and a
resident of Victoria, waa rescued on
Saturday nlpht by the crew of the Seattle
ateamer Rosalie. A rnmpnnlon, wh(i»i
name Is unknown,. was probably drowr.ctj.
Found Clinging to the Boat
TOPEKA. K?ns.. July 3rt.-Mra. Carrfo
Nation. In Jail under thirty days' sentence
and a line of $100 and J4S costs, to-day re
fused a free pardon from Governor Stan
ley becnure tho fine was not remitted.
The commissioners offered to allow Mrs.
Nation to pay it In monthly sums of tt.
She says sho will stay in Jail forever be
fore pnylng.
Mrs. Nation Refuses a Pardon.
SELL MILLIONS
OF THE PRUNES
Cured Fruit Men in Santa
Clara County Are
' Successful.
Cities.
Enormous Purchase Is Made
by Dealers in Eastern
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— The California
Cured Fruit Association has made an
other large sale of prunes, Involving about
24.000.000 pounds.- While the particulars
cannot be learned, as the returns will not
be made for about ten days, the buyers
are said to be eastern dealers.
The sale will Include all the small
prunes from the 100 sizes up, leaving only
the sizes below that figure in the hands of
the association. The sale is on the basis
of 1H cents for the 100s to 120s and VA cents
for the 120s and over for Santa Claru Coun
ty stock, with the price for the other dis
tricts in theState in the usual proportion.
These are the full association prices,
and the transaction is the largest in Cali
fornia prunes that has been made.
Green and. dried fruit prices have gone
up from 4p to 60. per cent in the past few
days and growers predict the htgh marl;
has not yet been reached. This Is because
of the drought and heat in the Middle
West. The owners of driers are elated
over the prospective rise in the dried
products. 'The price of apricots Is fully
60 per cent above last year s rates. Prices
quoted for apricots, at the various driers
are: Fancy 15 cents, choice 12c, standurd
10c, prime 8c. In peaches and pears the
prices will also be high.
. There is great activity in the canneries,
and they t have all Increased their forces
1A preparation for the Increased activity
In the Eastern market. The result is a
threatened scarcity in the local labor mar
ket. ¦ kv».S
Drowned in a Reservoir.
LEADVILLb. Colo., July 30.— Wlllla
Wendell, 14 years of ago. Is dead; Fred
Wendell, his brother, is , In u seml-cou
ecIous condition, and Paul Connor came
near meeting: death as the result of thft
capsizing of a crudely built raft bolns
floated in a reservoir near here to-nlifht.
The raft upset and the two Wendells, who
could not swim, clung so tightly to Con
nor that twice they pulled him under tho
water. He finally broke away and suc
ceeded in rescuing the younger Wendell
boy after he had gone down twice.
Hostler Shoots a Stableman.
STOCKTON. July SO.— James Way, a liv
ery stable proprietor, wns shot and severe*
ly wounded this evening by a hostler
named Sam Sharp, with whom he had
some worda during the day. Sharp had
been tlrlnklner and came to the stable and
commenced shooting while Way was neut»
ed on a chair. The first shot went wll 1
and Way rose and knocked Sharp down.
Th* homtler arose and sent a hullet into
Wuy's uroln with his second shot. Sh'irp
was arrested. Way la severely wounded.
TROTTERS RAGE
AT SACRAMENTO
Paciflo Coast Breeders 1
Association in Ac
tive Session.
— ?<¦—
Sir Albert S Surprises All
by His Great Show
ings :•
Epeclal Di?pRtch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 80.— Tho annual
race meeting: of the 'Pacific Coast Trotting
Horse Breeders' Association was well at
tended to-day. The excursion trains from
all points on the Southern Pacific carried
many ' to Agricultural Park, where
over 300 of the best harness horses In Cali
fornia were awaiting to try for the rich
purser' offered by this association.
At 1:30 p. m. Messrs. J.' W. Wilson. A.
O.Gurnet and T. J. Crowley were selected
as judges, and Messrs. J. A. McKorron,
V. Tryon and J. W. Thomas timers. The
race for 2:25 pacers was then called. The
ptaxters and the prices offered in the pools
on them were as follows: Advertiser 10,
Alpandy 6, Bankers' Daughter 6, Our
Boy's Sister 10, Enoch 4. Toppy 1, Direct
C 6. Sir Albert S 6 to 5, Harry J 10, Nellie
G 30.
After considerable scoring the field was
sent away, Direct C leading, with Toppy
at hU wheel. Sir Albert S third by three
lengths. The rest wero .strunsr along in
procession-like order. Direct C broke ore
tho back stretch, Toppy passed to the
front, nnd led to the naif in 1:05. Sir
Albert S gradually moved up, and at the
hoad of the stretch took the lead, and
apparently jogging in won by three
lengths, pulling up in 2:11%. Our Boy's
Sister was jhird. Direct C was distanced.
In tho second heat "Tho Alamcda Cy
clone," as Sir Albert S was called, was
made favorite, and Jogged in as he
pleased in 2:12**. Groom, his driver, look
ing back. Our Boy's Sister passed Toppy
in the homestretch and was third, Harry
'J distanced.
Sir Albert S won the last heat and race
in 2:13. and if necessary could have paced
the milo better than 2:10. Ho is tho best
green pacer seen in California In years.
Tho second race was the 2:40 class trot
ting, purse $1000. There were nine entries,
and the prices In tho pool-box were:
Floradora 4. Pearl K 8, Prince L 10, Nora
McKlnney 3, What Is It 1 to 2, Peter
Jackson 6, Black Bart 5, Almonada 10, and
Cornelius D 6.-
Nora McKlnney and Cornelius D led this
field; What Is It was third. Going to
the half he passfd the leaders and won
easily by two lengths in 2:l<Hi, Nora Mc-
Klnney and Cornelius D nghting for place,
the former winning by a neck.
In the second heat few pools were sold.
What Is It was selling at 1 to S. He
again forged to tho front and won easily
from tho handsome daughter of Mc-
Ktuney.ln 2:16U. Kloradora parsing Cor
nelius D ten ynrds from the wire and get
ting third position. .
The third heat and race waa won by
What 1* It, in 2:1SH. outclassing his com
petltorH, mm hlit luilf-brothor, Who In It,
did two yen™ ago.
In the gentleman's road race, the last on
the prornimme, Kdon Vale, Durfeo Mno
and Holllver started. In tho first heat
llolllver was distanced, Durfea Mao win*
nlngeanlly from tho faster but crrutlo
horse ICdcn Vale. Time, 2:2SV4. Ha won
the second heat in 2:2T>9i. Then II. Pat
rick wax substituted for Mr. Jacob* u«
driver and by hl« superior generalship In
the nulky won tho last threo heats and
race In 2:20, 2:20 and 2:2S. Following ura
the summaries:
8;SS el»M p«ci», purs* »1000-Slr Aliiort 8. K
k., by I'Uhlft (tlrftmnl, 1. 1, l! (Hir Hoy's RU«
tor d»um'h>, I, 8, !; Toppy (WhltPhendl, 1, a, 8.
Tim*. i':lt'v, ?:li\. -:»-• Advertiser, Nellie O,
I'nonh, Atmiii.lv, Miiuhi'i-'M Daughter, Direct O
io»<t Jinny J uUo •titrt«Hi.
l:4A .<|i«hh trot, »'«i>r« »HK^-\viint Is It, nr. « ,
by IMrtcX (MclVinalii), 1, 1. V, Nora
n»y (Hunrti), J. S, 8l Kliimdnm (t*lTrrty), ».
S, «. Tim*. Cil<<4, :;!«',. i':tsi», r.>ru-llu« 1),
IVml K, I'Hnoo I., 1'ilri- .liu-kHOii, HUclt Knit
«ii>1 AlinonndR «lm» «i«rir.i, •
I'mIm.p iint.i hiiiU<<k. for memhors et tho
OnlUrn Until Drlvltitf Club-lWrn Vnle, b^ s.,
by Kros ilMtrh'k), 8, S, 1. 1. li imrfoe M»u
(Joiip|ih). 1, 1, 8. 8, 8: UolUver (I'cni1«ric«»«).
(tlstnnced. Timp, S:WU. .:»H. I:W, UM,
IlAce for Stewnrds' Oup.
I/5NDON, July 50.— Tho Duke of TVest
minuter (Maher) won tho Hlchmond "take,
damn Chick (U nelff) camo In iiccond
nnd Klylntr l«nmir whs third,
A larffo crowd of fttuhlonnbln people r».
joyed the most N^nsHttoniil Ilnftth in th«
race for the Htewnrdu' cup soon In mnny
yearn. Canslne set the nnce, elosuly fol
lowed by l'Nsrfawhlra nnd Ln Illnon to th#
foot <>f the hill. Tho fuvorito, Htculaway,
wan never in the Unit (light. Close to htm
O'Donov&n IlOHNfl, t\t t'.ii to I nguluat, ilrtiw
out and won by h head, A Mhort head
hti>iiia(<«l Hcctiiiil and third horses. BteaU
tiway whs fourth,
Cftdillfto and Milwaukee.
OUJCAOO, July 80,-Cadlllfto nnd MM
WRukee will nlHrt to-morrow afternoon In
tho flr*t of a nerles of rnceR which will
Niiiiliv hfiilrt the qvi«»tton na to which
boat will rtefend the Onnndft's oup Rgwlnut
the Canadian bout, their Invader.
Thli conelunlon was renehed I his after
noon Bfier lh« eflklnli of the Qhlon«o
YttPht Club had Interviewed the Interested
parties.
Atmnteur Boxing Souta.
The nay City Alhlfetle Club will held a
iterlPi of boxing eoiiteBti thin evening nt
the Mechanics' I'&vlllfm Annex en Hayeg
and l»olk streets. The following four
round bouts will make up the programme:
Frank Neal vn. ISddle Html mi; itob
Johimon ve, Oeorg© Glbba; Kid Ceoke vs.
John Moran! Cert Crowdor vb. Harry K'U
lpti; D. aillmar* va. ti*red Bell: Cyclone
Kelly 'vs. l^red Williams; Dan fiarty vs.
Gun Salisbury.
HOOFINGS FROM
EASTERN TRACKS
Racing Results on Six
Well Known and
Tried Courses.
Stand.
Horses That Caught the Eye
f of tho Judges in the
NEW YORK. July SO.— Brighton Beach sum
mary:
First race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Tavern won, Irene Lindsay second. Balloon
third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs— All Gold won, Gold
Fox second. St. Finnan third. Time, 1:16 1-5.
Tlxlrd race, one mile and an eighth — Smoke
won. Ogden eecond, .Harry McCoun third. Time,
1:1.3.
Fourth race, the Montauk Etakes, five and a
half furlongs— Highland won. Major Danger
field second. Lombre third. Time, 1:07 S-*.
Jiftli race, one rnll« and seventy yards, aell-
Ing-Uo!in won. Kingal second. Animosity
third. Time, 1:44 1-6.
Sixth race, eix furlong*— Utopian won, Cast
Iron vecond. Octoroon third. Time, 1:15.
CHICAGO, July 30.— Hawthorns summary:
First race, fix furlongs, selling— Pyrho won,
Legal Maxim second, Aimranle third. Time,
VMM.
Second rac*. on« roil* and seventy yards—
Flyln«- Torpedo won, Odnor second, Tammany
Chief third. Time, 1:W.
Third race, six furlong*, •elllng— Ural won,
ltoma R «econd, Sortie third. Time, l:!0H.
Pourth race, one mile, free handicap— Robert
¦\Ya<liirii won. Hen Battle second. Scotch I'latd
tnlrd. Time. l:«5Vt. '
rifth race, rlx furlongs, selling— If You Pare
won, neuron »econd, l*upil third. Time. 1:18.
Sixth race, ona mile and a •lxteenth— Prairie
Dog won, Prlnco Elates second, Oxnard third.
Time. llSS.
FT. LOUIS, July SO. — Dolrrrar Park summary:
Fiirt race, four and a half furlongs, purie—
Crozlcr won, Ooodler tecond, liar L* Duo
third. Time, :&8.
Second race, six furlongs, purve— Mona B
won. John Morton second, Charles C third.
Time, 1:1£K-
Third race, one tnlle, •elllnsr— Zarel won,
Abe Kurrt aeeond, lgnui third. Time, 1:44H.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Tom Collins won. La LVMrous second, Santa
Ventura third. Time. 1:£3.
Fifth race. on« mile, selllnr— Swordsman
won. Pen Frost second, Xellit Hduth third.
Time. 1:44k. .
6txth race, seven furlongs. Belling— Nearest
won. Lord Neville second, Hungarian third.
Tliae, VZk.
BUFFALO, N. T., July SO.-Fort Erie »um
mary:
First race, six furlonrs, selling— Competitor
won, Tcrkshlre Boy second. Far 6lght third.
Time, 1:19.
-Second race, five furlonc»— Silver Owl won,
Arpolnte« second. Ravel third. Time, 1:06.
'Third race, eeven furlonrs. selling— nadford
won. Tenderloin aecond. The Brother third.
Time, i.Sl'..
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Bronze
Medal won. The Commoner second, Lemuel
third. Time, 1:1!.
Fifth race, *even furlongs, selling — Prince of
Bong won, Cogswell second, Miss Itedwood
third. Time, l:Slty.
Sixth race, «Ix furlongs, selling—Edtnhor
cugh won, Corlalus second, ltacebud third.
Time, 117'i.
nUTTK. Mont.. July JO.-nesulU:
First race, raring, two in three— Chub
Wllkea won, J J) second, Peppls third. Best
time, 2:l*W.
t*fH-ond i-«c«>. five furlongs— Pepper P«ucf
won,. l*i*»«onlan second. Tufts third. Time,
iwV
Third race, five and a half furlongs-Wanclm
hi.. I'ini't won, N> .1 l>rnnls second, Ltttla lit n
ry third. Time. 1:09,
Fourth i«. i , i>ix tiii'i * half furlonrs— a*org*
U U> !• i--uii» won, Mimi Itrmarn second, Mm-.
day ttitrd. Time, )::iU> iTt-aklng tit* track
i*car4.
Plfih rsc<». mll» and TO yards— r»om»li> wen,
rn.K ?.¦.,..,.!; Miimr King third. Tim*, 1:474.
i !»iti r«(H>, mile «n<1 a tnmrtrr, flv« hur
die*, rarrvlntf 1M i>ound»-Oi1d Kyea won, Jo«
IWI arcontl, raprivl ihlrt. Tlm*. 8:11.
nnTlUilT, Mleh., July SO.— Windsor sum
mary:
rirnt rar«, six ftirlnngs— Dr. Clark won,
I»t»»\<ly 11 spfnntl, Trlnetds r.vi ijn third. Tim*,
1 ?i^.
(•¦¦.•¦mi rac», nv» furlnn«s— lluntrewna won,
Knl'.um ¦. .•..ml, ISlfflva third. 'nitir, lit'T.
Third r«p«. ono *tul an rlghth miles— IMiul
wnn, Mriigs rvHim.t. Ouvtodlan third, Tlmo,
1 tiuiili mi'n, handicap »trri>lrrli«»r, short
rour»i»— Jim MrQibbon won, Coley »pcond,
Tait-a rink third. Tim*, 1:04.
I'lHh rac». •rvrnfurloni'B, srUIn*— Tfagown
won. Tli* nronst Drroon srrond, Hemp third.
Tlnir, I :•..->%.
Hl*ih iao««, ili furlongs- Trebor won. Mr,
Tomrrtiy nrrond, Ant&sro third, Time, 1:11.
AUDUBON BOY WINS •
DIG COLUMBUS STAXE
After Losing a Heat the Threo Next
Are Added In Suc
cession.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. July 8fl.-At the
era M.i circuit meet to*<tay tli« t;SO pace, a
j.v> n early clrmlnir otnkA, brought out nuoh
pond mien an AiKiuhnn !•«•>, Rtar Pugh,
Cnntftth lirino, Hhndnw Ohtm^n. Helen O
an(l cihprn, Audubnn liny wan luntuiii'ii
fuMnilf, tha pnnhi hviii»k1iv« |M to JI0
on tho flfld, fapttUn Urlno showtftt »
world of *\wr<\ in «J>« flrnt hest, JpadlnR
«l| th« way. Th« mile wan paced In 8;0"l».
«h« fa&tnM ilm« »>f ihp <l«y, Tlw> effort
vna t.«> much for the Drlno h«»i>o nmt
Auflubon li»y ohi anil won the jipxt
Uirffli hfain. ir<i»flnB his rceorti from
l\<x»\ t© 8:t»U, Buinmarj 1 !
S:{9 < tafB, fo.ii.e, i.tiicn Jr.ivw^ Audition ttnv
WAD Oip «=r, •¦ii.i, \u\\<\ t<\\<\ fourth !i«-Hl»: HrM
tim», !!^U. «*t«M«ln 5trln« wnn ihe flrft ljp«t
In 8 otu, ptsr ru«li, t«\. u 1^-", Jehn It, H^I^h
tH, Pho.V-« i'!i!. u. p. )(,a.1rt,. t'lialllo l'u\\lilliU
MT elaMt, trottlnt 1 , iiurse Iswo-Chsrlte Mi»
wen the #eeotid, thit^ and fourth heati. Ben
tlm», S:IS l l. Porto fttpo wftn the (1r«t heat In
M^, Hr-r1r,(p.1. VbM<"HIP. ,M Ji. TiVFlllllO
end Maggie V «li>o started.
8:16 claw, trdlllhe. Furse tSOOCN-Ebba won In
three etraiirht he»t«. Upct tlttn». S:14V4, iten*
rt«Ua. Cffle (3, Hylra BUhe, Phoenix LafeBte,
Onenta, ColontI Clary and Improv* aUo
etarted. ¦; '¦ •. v
EASTERN BASEBALL.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. July SO.— The Brooklyn* beat
Philadelphia to-day by bunching hits in the
third end seventh Innings. Kltsdn held the
Phlladelphias down to six hits, all of them
confined to three lnningt. Attendance 2600.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2.6 1
Brookl>-n 8 12 4
Batteries— Orth and Jacklltech; Kltson and
McGuire. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI. July 30.— Chicago bunched hits
In the first and seventh and won, though the
locals outplayed them in the field. Attend
ance 800. Score:
Clube— K. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 10 2
Chicago '.... 5 S • 4
Batteries— Etimmell, Guese and Bergen: Tay
lor and Kahoe. Umpires — Lush and Brown.
BOSTON. July JO.— After batting In the win
ning run In the eighth. Captain Long I saved
the day's game by a jumping catch of a hard
liner from McBride's . bat and made a quick
It is nine years since the Trans»8ibe»
rian Railway was commenced, and 3340
miles of rails have been laid, showing an
average of 360 miles a year. The-connec
tion between Europe and Vladivostok is
now assured by means of the steamship
service in the center of Siberia. ¦
: -
throw to Demont. doubling Selbach. Attend
ance 3000. Score:
Clubs— , . P- H., . E.
Boston 3 10 ¦ 3
New York * . .» -. 2
Batteries— Pittlnger, "Willis and Moran; Tay
lor and Ward. Umpire— Dwyer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
- CLEVELAND. July 30.— Philadelphia won the
last same of the series by: good batting. At
tendance K00. Score: . -
Clubs— • • K.. H. E.
Cleveland .,.. & J 6
Philadelphia 11 14 1
Batteries— Moore, Hart and Connor; - Plank
and Powers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUL.Y 31 V 1901.
Sun rjse« ,.,,,..,,,. ;.....,...*,..4...,V....6:11
S«n sets .,.,...,;.. ...... ...,T:20
Moon rla&» <full) .....: ...^-M p. m.
NOTE— In tho above exposition " of the tides
the early morning, tides are glv^n in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Southern Pacific Excursion Bates
From San Francisco All Over
the State.
On sale for, Epworth Leaguers and
friends July 12. to August 15, fare and third
round trip. Stopovers everywhere. "Watch
announcements special excursions special
days. Literature and rates, information
bureaus and ticket offices 613'. Market
street and Mechanics' . Pavilion. ¦ . . - , ,;. •.
Elsie M- Schepplman has been granted
a divorce from August V. S. - Schepplman
on the ground of extreme cruelty. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Bertha E.
Banfleld against William F. Banfield for
failure to provide. .Honora Shear against
Frederick Shear for desertion, Frances
Leek against John J. Leek for cruelty,
Carrie de SUvay against William de Sil
vay for desertion, Mary O. Jones against
Amos M. Jones for failure to provide, Au
gust J2ricson against I Olivia Ericson for
desertion, Augusta E. Moser against
Charles Moser for failure to provide, Lulu
B; Rounds against William S. Rounds for
de&ertion, Mary G. Gothie against John
W. Gothie for cruelty, Carrie B. Brown,
.against' Harrison Brown for desertion
Clara Spiegel again3t Harry Spiegel for
desertion. Helen M. Kline against Ernest
Kline for failure to provide and Rose
Stephens against Cyrus • Stephens for
cruelty. • •¦;.„• .
In the Divorce Court.
Time .Ball.
Branch Hyd"ro$rapWc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Ejcchange, San Francisco, Cal..
July 30. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building ¦was 4roppea at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at ; noon of the 120th . meridian, or at 8
o'clock p, m., Greenwich' time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
TO BAIT,
4
Steamer. I Destination. £i "I Sails.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottage City... Skajjuty & "Way Ports Aug. 1
Conemaugb Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
City of Topeka. Skagruay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Chas. Nelson... Skasuay , & Way Ports Aug. 3
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Farallon Hkaguay & Way Ports Aug. H
Queen.... ...Skagruay & Way Ports Aug. 8
City of. Seattle. Skaguay Sk Way Ports Aug. 8
Bertha Valdea & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial Nome &. Teller City.... Aug. 10
.; fTlme JTlnja Time
Ttrrve
Ft. Ft.
:,V H : W ¦¦ ,
2.3 11:16 5.8
'2.0 ...... .....
L W
1 6.S 6:4S l;8
5.4 7:40 1.5
5.4 8:39 1.2
" B.5 9:41 1.0
6.6 10:57 0.7
Dg.te Ft. — — Ft.
(j L W H W ' L W
.te
Ft.
II .. 5:15 —0.51 32:19 4.9 5:10
1 ¦ .. .5:51— 0.41 12:51 6.2 5:57
H W |L W H W
2 .. 0:05 5.6 6:31 0.0 1:24
S .. 0:56 5.8 7:11 0.8 1:59
4 .. .1:50 5.0 7:57 0.9 2:36
5 ... 2:62 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16
6 ... 4:07 4.8 9:29 1.9 4:06
Btenmer. From. Hue.
Nny« llumboliU July 81
tlmntlllH. ...... I'im.-i Hound I'orti.,... July 81
Kuwkn, .,.,.„, llumbotth July SI
Nnltenwun..,,, MWonm. ..,.,.,...,,,..., July SI
Hmii ivili-n,.,,,. lluniboldt ............... July 31
Hi |iii<l,, ,,,,,,,, I'nniiix ...........t. ...... July ill
Kmfilro ,,, t'uirn liny ,,,,,,.,,.,,,,, auk. I
City ot tfyttnay I'minnm A Wny I'orw. Aujt, 1
(.Wll»i ......... NnWimi'l A Wi»y I'.UIK All*. I
North Kork.,.. lluniiioUtt ............... Auk, 1
Hlvnl,.,,. Wltlnim llrulu.r , Au*. 1
Arcntn..., ...... i'i»;m Hay......... auk, I
MfthU Hoim,,,.. Knn l>i«'Ki> t* Way l'tn, Auk. i
AoimonHun,,,,, V»l|nHiil«ii A \Vi»y I'lu. A\itf. 1
-AiiiiM'ii'ti Muru. Ohlnn «tut Jnnwn. ...... Au*. I
liiHnliT. ........ Mi>»ut|.« A N*. WHut.Hun AUK, I
i'olnt <vn>ni\.... I'olnt Arnm. ............ Autf. >
Mn|\ilNlity,,..,, (•miuillii Ulv.-r, .,„..,,,. M\g, 8
l)PA|mtt<li,,,,,,, Hhh IViIro Aim, a
roninim.. ...... IlimilmliU ............... auk. 1
\1. \\\ KliVr.,.. PnrtlMml .V Aitorln.... Auk. S
Mlltoti..,,,,.,., N'tutMltiio ................ Auk, 4
• I, Dnllnr....... Oray* Hnrltnr ,.,,,,... Auk. 4
COfOntttOtmiti Uiuyw Iliulior ,.,,.,.,, Auk, J
Siiiitit llurliura, Hun Trdrn ............. Aug. 4
H.uiliii ,. Hun l'vilrn A \Vny rt*. Auk. 4
KisUn of i'hI.... Hiin t>l«-K» A Whv I'tx, Auk. 4
\\'u«l>l«tinw,,.. TNeomK ........,..,,,,,, Auk. 4
City of UueliU. I'mcnt Hmind ]'«rt<«.,., Auk. fi
N'Kn lfitmlnirK 4 Way VorU Aur, r.
Houth t'oi-tlunit 'I'lirotin .,.,.,.,., Auk. B
AvhvII. ......... N»w YorU vln I'annmH Auk, tt
Htnumri', l>rHtltitit|tili,
]\, Pollnr,<n, ?ei\MI» *i UniHncH,
Htnto of pnl,, Han IM»'kh ,vi Wuy,
t'umium,,,,,, IHu\il>i<li.tt ,„,„„„
Ai'iun,, ,,,,..< HUmliiw IIImu.,,,,,
' 1 Awuiint tt
ronemRMih.i Nnm«
lUrmontntttt HniHlmra »? W'Hy,,
f?»«rtnft....iM HeRUIe * V«eom«,,
N.i'yit,, ,,,,,,., ihiinlmliit ,,,,,,,,,,
«ierra v .i,.««. ly«i»«s' ft Way l'»i
i'mI'IU',, ,«,,.. I'lilHu nod >t(Umn,,
,\ ItUctlMt 1I1
Ulval,. ....... Willupft Hafbof..,.
» l .ii--nim.,.,... San iMr^n,, ,,,,,,,,,
Aii'iiut....... tit>ttff Usty...... ......
AtlttllMi t.
Umatllla..... Pu«pt Round Pofie
(Han redre.o. Mumbolrtt ,.,,,t,,,,
North PbfHi. Humbithit ..........
Hsuuc Hush., San 1)lr«o A Way.
AllttUMt tti
Santa Barb., Humholut .......1..
Manriaitty,,.. Coqutlli* River ....
Point. Archil.. Point Arena,. ......
Autt'UHl (I.
AUBtralla,...: Tahiti dlreet ......
O. W. Elder, Astoria & Portland
Ralhler Seattle & N. AVhat
Aconcagua, .. V^alparBlso tt "Way
Bonlta.. San Pedro & Way.
Hulls. I'lnV
6 pm P|«r 1
« am Her 11
8 prft i<ier 1)
8 pm Pier Sf
mm.,, SwuUS
19 m Plep I
g pm IM«p |
10 am 1'ter f
U am riep It
Ifl am t'lep is
9 am I'lef 13
1 I'lii I'MHti
6 em I Vr II
13 in sth it,
9 em Pier n
13 in IMer 11
11 am t'lpf t
ID am Pter a
0 am t'inr 3
b am Pipf 11
10 am Pt§p 8
4 pm Pier 8
3 I'm l>ler<2
10 am Pl^r t
U am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
I:1S jwm.. 1:15 and 8:3) p. m., except Sua-
day. ¦ SXlnday. 9:15 *. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leavs»
V*lle]o 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. < p. m.. «xc«pt
6und*y. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:1.» o. m. Fax* U
centa. Telepbone Main 1SC3. Landing and ot-
flo. Bi»r 2. Ml««lnn-«T An~lt. HATCH BROA
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To^ V al P"" a t lso ' stopping at Mexican, Central
«d 3 Pler^Wm 11 P ° rt3 ' S * lUn? from How '
.These atcamers ara built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger Krvic*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
al^»S^S??T'5f, er^ : 5. Cei S18 California street. \;
BALFOIjR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Ajs^bU,
BAY AND EIVER STEAKESi
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa New
Zealand and Aus....Thurs.. Aug. 1, 10 a m
S. S. • AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.........^ m>
Tuesday, August 6 10 a" m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu '.....
¦ ,..... ...Saturday, August loi'V'p" m
J. D. SPSEGXELS k BROS. CO., Baneral Igenb, 327 Harbt n
Cen'l Passengar QfScs, 843 Uarkst St., Piir Ho. 7. Paoic St
oeeanscs.s.co.sss
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $49; Meals Fre«.
8. S. Argyll nails Mon 'iv, Aufc. 12
S. S. Leelanaw mo'I* Monday. Aug. 26
S. S. Arii-vM ' asl's Tuesday. Sept. 24
\ From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA t R. •HS?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Only Steamalilp Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Llna from Portland to all
points East. Thrott&h tickets to all
points, nil rail "f Atenmslifo ttrt'i rail, at
6TEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH aad KEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA .;. ¦
- ......Sails Aug. 1. 11, 2L 31, Sept. 15, 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER...
Sails Aug. 6. 16, 26. Sept. 5. 13. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK, GEN. Agt.,1 Montgm'y, 'S.F.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Becomi
class to Havre. J43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. K. FXJGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francl3co.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
«*Twlr. Screw Express Steamers.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRAN8ATLANTKJUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^m^
Sailinsr ev.2ry Thursday, instead of i&fFJBh
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. »3«#ftS»
North River, foot of Morton street: La Gaa-
cogn»», August 8; *L'Aqultalne. August 15; La
Normandle, August -22; La Bretagne, August 29.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing. - ¦ .
SS. AMERICA MARU. ..Saturday. Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU „
Wednesday. September 4. 1901
£S. NIPPON MARIT. .Friday. September Zl, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
RED STAR UINB.
New York and Antworn.
From New York Wednegdays, at 13 noon.
•Vaderland ..Austust Tirrleatand .... August M
Kenstnicton ..August H Southward .....B«t>t. 4
•Zealand .....Auguet Sl|*Vadertand .....Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg, ea^tbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO,
CHA8. t>. TAYLOU.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Stepping At eherbnurt, weatheuadi !
Frem N*w York Wed.neidiiyg, at 19 a. m.
fit. P»ul......Aumiiit T pi, frti.i .AttEttut H
I'lilU-lelplilrt.. Atmupt Si Philadelphia ...Kept n
: AMERICAN LINE.
HIW TORS. SOBTBAMPTOK. LQKSOV. FABll»
Paciflo Coast Stoamshlp Co.
•v lURm^rs l@av« Breaiwfty
•u Wharfi H«n Fr»npl«eei
issaffis. ' tMl >' |S > M « as ' 5rt - A«* v|!it ?•
wpwfCffW^ Change t« eempany'a »tp«m>
l«^t^^l Vet Victoria, Venrouvef (B,
IS35K_l<3Sa1 f.)i for I Tnwnnpiid, t*orttU»,
/"¦"•SaBaM Taeemft, Hvmtt, Anaewrtes
** and New Whatet>m c\\ a ¦»!!.)-=
m *+ li a. m.» July is. 80, as, »,
Aut> 4, and every fttth d*y thereafter, dhan/s
at Beattle for this eempany'a steamer* for
AUska and d. N. Ry.S at Bsattle fir Taeoma
for N. P. tty.i at Vancouver to c. p. Ry.
For Eureka and Mumboldt Bay— Urn p> tn.,
July 11, 1«, Si. 2«, 31, Autf. 6, and every flftft
day thereafter. ¦ . _ __
For Ban Diego, stapplnir only at Banta Bar*
bara, Pr>rt Lo« Ansete* and Redondo (Los An*
geles)— Steamer Banta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. t
Steamer Btate of California, WedneSday«. »
8 in *
Vor Los Angeles, calling: at Santa Crui.
Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartonl
(San Luis Obispo), Gavtota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and *Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer
"Corona. Saturdays. 9 a. m.: steamer Bonita.
Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Maffdalena Bay, San Jo*« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and* Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. - - .
For further Information obtain company «
folders.
The company reserves the r'.trht to change
steamers, saillns dates and hours ot sailing
without Tjr«rioup notice. - ,
TICKET OFFICE-^ New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCRAN TUAVKL.
OCr.AN TRAVRr*
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Hjja M. Pasteur, of France, invented a process for kill- R&3
P9 \\\\\ all possible perms in a product, and we use it. |p*3
ffoj After each bottle of Schlitz beer is filled and scaled Ft]
fx\ it is sterilized. BSy
BiS This is nn extreme precaution. The beer is brewed |§Si
in extreme cleanliness, cooled in filtered air, then S^w
&gj filtered. It seems impossible for a taint of impurity to rrj
L|3 gel to it. Yet we sterilize every bottle. PJ8
BkJy We, who know brewing, know the value of purity. EuJ
||u| We add vastly to the necessary cost of our beer to B?8
Ira assure it. You who drink it get the healthful results of P^
Um our precaution. Your physician knows; nsk him. pSl
E7ti| Thone Main 417, Ulirrwooil & Sherwootl, 313-14 MarVet St., San FrancUco, feral
ibi [very Bottle Sterilized EMM
K^* 1 "* 5 /^'?] ¦^S%*3*%}$> re P eat * They don't jam, catchy or fail to extract. In a
t&w I'^lX. \P^i word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
rifles are made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
Kul'^ twmBsSaSs!!* styles;' "and' axe plain, partially or elaborately oma-,
iHiIa /^^W mented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
Winchester Ammunition
Wf^i^M^Wf^^ IS made for all kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
j|jHgk-fiBt,» t.WgfiK FREE Send name and address on postal for our 164-page catalogue.
i ffKrarSSniiTfriTt \^T,t ii/iMf>urCTrD'DrnrJlTllin /IDWIO Pfl 418-420 Mirket St.,
WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS 10., S&n Francisco, Cal.Tho bark Andrew Welch, bark Alden
Bcsso, brig Consuelo and tho schooners
Dora Blum nnd G. W. Watson, laden with
sugar from tho Islands, are tied up and
are lying in tho stream waiting to dis
charge their cargo. . •
Kvery effort was made by captains to
get their vessels to nea before the strike
was declared. Crews wero worked .until
a late hour Monday night. In consequence
the steam schooners Newburg, W. H.
Kruger, Scotia • and collier Progreso
went to sea .between Monday night and
Tuesday morning. .
The firemen may not go out on the
river steamers, as they are paid. $10 mpre
a month than union rates, and unless the
pressure on them becomes very great
they will stay by their boats. . . - .
Tho schooner Webfoot at section 1
and tho trim steamer Pellades at Lom
bard-street wharf are both tied up. while
the ship Occidental at section 4 of the
seawall Is the only sailing vessel at work
on tho whole water front. She Is taking
in ballast; preparatory to going to sea. It
is doubtful whether sho will be able to
depart.
Tho British ship Clan Graham went up
tho river to Ho up until the strike Is over,
and the British ship Wllnam Uw la wait
ing to follow her example.
The, British ship Australian la at Union
street* wharf, lying idle. Sho has a cargo
of coal. Tho German ship Neck Is at the
Green-street wharf and almost dis
charged. Her commander intends to take
the rest of her cargo up to Port Costa
and discharge It there. The collier Czar
ina Is tlr.d up at Green-street whnrf. -
Tho Harbor" Commissioners held a spe
cial meeting at 2 o'clock yeHterday after
noon and agreed to allow all vessels tied
up by tho strike half rates.
Captain Lealo of the steamer Caroline
made the- shortest trlf> with a cargo In
the history of this or nny other port. Tha
Caroline Is lying nt tho foot of Jackson
street wharf. A considerable quantity of
fruit for tho Australian steamers had
boon left on the wharf and had to be
moved to the Pacific-street wharf, a dis
tance of loss than T>00 feet. No teams
could bo obtained and no men could be
bribed to shift the fruit. It was neces
sary to move tho fruit, and as a last re
sort it was put aboard the Caroline and
that steamer was breasted over to the
Australian liner. Captain Leale will bo
paid for the haul, and yet he did not use
an ounce of steam for the work. - ¦
Captain L«alo's Short Haul.
At tho seawall tho Crecent City Is dis
charging redwood lumber Into tho Cosmos
liner Hermonthls under difficulties. When
the Crescent City arrived yesterday morn
ing her crew toolc their departure. Cap
tain Payne, assisted by his two mates and
two Hallors from tho Hermonthls, Is dis
charging the cargo, while- the sailors of
tho latter ship arc stowing It away.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao Is lying Idle. The freight sho
brought from Mexico Is still below her
hatches and may have to remain there
until the men return to work.
After a delay of two hours the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company succeeded in
getting the Walla Walla away for Puget
Sound. The strikers informed the com
pany that this would be the last vessel
they would get away until after the ter
mination of the strike. Captain Wallace,
superintendent of the company, says it
has an agreement with the firemen for a
year, which has yet ten months to run.
He says the firemen have agreed to stand
by that agreement. Outsiders say they
will go back on the agreement and that
there will be a general tie-up of the com
pany's vessels. Captain Wallace is san
guine there will be no tie-up. He stated
yesterday that ho would use every effort
to get tho steamer State of California
away for southern ports and the Pomona
off for Eureka to-day.
Thirty firemen wore ' taken off tho
Oceunlo steamship Sierra yesterday. The
company believes It will havo no dffllculty
In replacing the men and tho ship will get
tway on tim« to-morrow.. Walking dolo
gatcn visited Mr. Bpreckols yesterdny and
udmltted to him that the men were more
than satisfied with the treatment they hal
received, but were compellod to leave the
vessel through sympathy with the other
unions. Mr. Spreckels asked the dele
gates whether the food he furnished the
men was not better than tho regulations
called for, and they said it was. He then
informed them that the action In taking
men off his ships simply had a tendency
to drive men like himself Into Joining the
Employers' Association. Ho said he was
perfectly satisfied with the men and stat
ed that they had been in his employ for
many years. He said he could not see
where the fairness came In when they
wanted to do him an Injury simply out of
sympathy for other men.
The .Spreckels tugboats are still run
ning. These boats are flreboats and fitted
out to put out conflagrations. The fire
men have stayed on board and have as
sured Mr. Spreckels that they will not be
called out. There are men on these boats
who have acted as firemen for the last ten
and twelve years.
' Shortly after 8 o'clock yesterday morn
ing strikers gathered at the corner of Pa
cific and East streets and Sergeant
Brophy gave orders to have them move
on. All the men obeyed willingly, with the
exception of Theodore Wesselinck, a Ger
man sailor. Officer C. Murphy struck him
on the head with his club, and after the
wound had been dressed at the hospital
Wesselinck was taken to the Harbor.po
lice station, where he was charged with
disturbing the peace. *
Walla Walla Allowed to Depart.
Admit They Were Well Treated.
At. the transport wharf the only man
who quit was a sailor, who deserted the
Tug Blocum. The transport officials say
that tha Kllpatrlck will get away on the
1st with the school teachers.
Although the crew of the tug Frolic
did not quit her, she was. unable, to move
yesterday, as there was no one at the coal
bunkers to give her a supply of coal.
The Italian bark Emily . Clampl dis
charged her cargo of niter on Monday,
but was tied up yesterday. ,
• The schooner Una, with a cargo of sal
mon; the, British ahlp British .General,
with a general cargo, and the British ship
KlnK Edward, with a quantity of char
coal aboard, wero tied up ,by. reason of
the strike. The vessels are at tho How
ard«stre9t wharf." ,
At tho Transport Wharf.
not think he would use the berth. that
day or the next, as the Alcazar would not
put to sea. Captain Martin grew wroth
and demanded what would prevent • him
from departing. The wharfinger then
pointed out of the window and asked:. "Do
you know that bunch of men coming up
the dock with their baggage?" The cap
tain threw up his hands and said unut
terable things. He was then Informed
tha*. there was a strike and that his crew
had deserted the vessel. , The captain al
lowed the wharilnger to use the berth; as
he had his vessel towod over to Oakland
Creek. ~ ¦ ¦
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Steamship Company's Columbia Is sched
uled to sail for Portland to-morrow. All
hands quit yesterday morning. . One hun
dred tons of sugar was brought to her
dock by river steamers and the sweet
cargo had to be dumped on the wharf, as
there were no men to handle It.
The ship Star of Italy, loading lumber
for Melbourne, Australia, Is In the same
fix. All hands quit her In the morning.
The City Street Improvement Company
has been engaged In repairing Bcale
street wharf. Yesterday the men engaged
In the work stopped tolling and the wharf
Is still unrepaired.
At Harrison street wharf the sugar boat
Potrero is working short-handed. A ma
jority of her crew quit the vessel, but
there were a sufficient number on her to
keep her moving.
The British steamer Wellington arrived
from Oyster Harbor Monday and her
commander, fearing the effects of the
strike, worked his crew from 10 o'clock
Monday morning until 5 o'clock Tuesday
morning. He worked four hatches and
succeeded In setting the big cargo of coal
out. He then got his vessel away for the
Sound and now the entire water front
la talking about his achievement.
Th« announcement was made during
the> afternoon that the men of the. Oriental
WarehouFs on the Padfio Mall dock
would walk out In a body to-day. Before
E o'clock fully £50 men employed In lint
flour mills and furniture house* had reg
istered at headquarters. Homo of tho
firms nffedf-d are us follow*:,
Un-t BireuBB, sixteen men; American Can
Company, twtnty-flve men: Oudahy Parking
i '..ini-iiiij . ten men; Htandard Oil Corn
pan/, twentylwo men; Pel Monto Milling Com-
The situation at tho headquarters of the
Porters. Packers and Warehousemen' ¦
T T nlon at 109 California street was fraught
•with significant Intercut to the hundreds
of strikers who thronped tho place
throughout the day. President John
O'Neill was on hand constantly with
¦words of encouragement for every strik
ing delegation that arrived from hour to
hour. The reports from tho various firms
and warehouses affected were most en
couragltiR to the (strikers, all of whom ex
pressed the opinion that of the 2000 mem
ber, of the union less than fifty would
decline to walk out.
At 2 o'clock nearly C00 members of the
union had registered at headquarters.
Only those were allowed to register who
had talked out In response to orders re
ceived from the union. Fifty pickets
were sent out durlnsr the day to secure
recruits from the ranks of the members
who wavered, and of these pickets few
reported that their efforts were fruitless.
In several Instances the men were not al
lowed to enter places of business to talk
to the toiler*, but the preater number wero
reached durinjr tho noon hour and tho slt
tyitlon explained to them. . Tho result was
a steady Increase of the ranks of strikers.
At noon it was reported that all of the
•warehousemen belonging; to the union,
with the exception of those employed by
th<> Haslett Warehouse Company, had
walked out and that of the twenty-nine
warehouses of that corporation less than
Bix wer*> open for business. At 2 o'clock
the pickets reported that the Pacific Can
nery at Seventh and Townsend streets
had closed down, owing to the walkout
of fifty men, not Including an army of
boys and slrls. In this instance) many
non-union men "went on strike with their
fellow laborers, and when they appeared
arm In arm In tho street they wero met
with loud huzzas.
of Strike.
Norton. Teller & Ro<Jen. corner of California
and Front streets— Three of the men In our
employ went on strike, but their places were
filled within an hour. During the day we had
fifteen applications for positions.
H. L«evJ & Co., grocers, 34 Market street — A
few of our men went out In obedience to or
ders received from their union, but within two
hours their places were filled. The strlk* does
not Inconvenience us from the standpoint of
lack of help In our establishment.
MANY POETEBS NOT REACHED.
Delegates Wot Able to Notify Them
llr.pt> Bros., wholesale grocers. 100 California
street — We did not lose a man In consequence
of the orders of the Porters' t'nlnn. Some time
ego our men arked us whether they could loin
the union, and we told them to do as they
wifhed. Thry Joined the union and all went
well until the prospect of a strike loomed up
on Paturdsy. Then the men asked us if they
f hould resign from the union, and we told them
to do as they wished. The result was that
every man renlgned. Hence when the order to
strike was Issued It did not affect the men
1n our employ. Nevertheless the strike is a
great inconvenience to us in that It Interferes
with our shipping facilities. If we cannot ship
by steamer we will ship by rail to such points
&s can be reached in that way.
Resigned From the Union.
James McCuJlouirh, manager Armour Pack
in*: -Company. 215 Clay street — Our force of ten
men left us without a word of warning. Sev
eral days ago. In anticipation of trouble, I
etked the men to sign an agreement to stand
by us in c»f» of a strike, but they refused.
I had no difficulty In filling the vacancies.
During the day I had numerous applications
fcr work f:nd had I fifty places I could have
filled them "alLCT"lthout the slightest trouble.
The strike bngtrrihy temporarily Inconvenienced
us. We eucc<N-ded In filling all of our orders
promptly, although our new force was not
property in harness. I do not think the labor
trouble will be prolonged. When the men find
that thry ere up against it they will come
around all richt. Very few of the men affected
by thlf« Ftrlke have their hearts in it. They
ere being led by others who draw salaries to
create trouble, and the Innocent worklngmen.
fiJl of whom are satisfied with their positions,
must ray the piper.
T. W. Van Slcklen of Dodge. Sweeney &
Co.. ill Market street— I am happy to say that
not one of our fifteen porters went out. al
thoush all are members of the Porters' Union
and all received notice to quit their work. I
do net believe that any large percentage of
the porters in the city will walk out. I ha/1
a talk with ell of my boys and they assured
roe that they would stick to me through thick
and thin. We had no objection to their belong
ing; to the union, but when the trouble- arose I
plainly Informed them that If they deserted us
In the present crlels they could not expect to
return. T did not make this assurance on the
ground that thev belonged to the union, but
because we could not employ men In whom we
had not the etrlctert confidence. Our men are
well fatl*fled with their treatment at our
hands and none of them will walk out of
positions which they may hold durlnar their
pood b<-h«vlor. Fully 75 per cent of the por
ters are convinced that the present strike Is
unjurt and tmcalled for. I am afraid the con
eeQuencc* will be serious to those who walk out
of their employment without due considera
tion.
Beftised to Sign Agreement.
V. a. llnoiett of th» llaMett Warehoune
Comtutny. :<>fl Onilfornla Btrwit— About fifty of
our n-cular rurn en:: 1 ! 11 )'* 1 '! at our twenty
wnrrliiiUM-* wrnt nut this morning. All of our
fnrrnieti rnnmlned Hi thflr iionts and we have
thrir iSBUtBOM tiint they will remain with
us thmuelinut tin- in-eocnt trouble.. We have
!¦:¦ •¦II tiny regular men, of which number
nhout thirty went nut Jn obedience to
tho iirfirra of the union. In addition to
«ur recular fnrre we rm|<|ny some nlxty extra
mm, nn<1 nearly nil of there ore out. As soon
an ndl fart wan known we were deluged ¦with
applications f^r poKltlons. We to"k on a suffi
cient force fnr pr««i<pnt reoulrements and are
tmt Fufferlng for lark of asslj<tance. We notl
ned every man that we would never again
employ any «n» who went out. but this had no
effect. The rtrlke hampers our business great
ly, an we do not cet the usual business that
would come to us under normal conditions.
Many of our men told us that they went out
txrauoe they feared violence In the event of
refusal to obey the crders of the union. Bev
eral of the men went out crying bitterly, and
I know the Ftrlke will work a great hard
ship uron thepe men and their families. Our
n:cn had no errievance against us and all are
¦willing to testify to that fact. - ¦ • , •» •
I'oreaeHng the strike, 1 was enabled to pack
a lnri:e qunnttty of contract poods, so that
until the new m<*n grow accustomed to their
duties our business util ]<i"tifM- pretty muoU
lip iimihI. Wr rtnjiloy from eighteen tn thirty
j-ir-n In mir •riuliiiclimmi. tuit thus far only
ten mm hnv* quit work. I <1" not tlilnk that
any tiu>i> will lonve vik fur U\t> l>re»em. This
(•Mi.f will net cnly rit.t.nHimK all kinds of
tjn- !!l'-r^. I'JI It Will r.ill>n IipiiVJ l!iciv«»rt In
"!i- prffl* nf ffortxt tiffs. As far as our men are
(•iiii'-ntird, »i> will nut t»ke them back. They
l>totiiiK-<1 t" nt n:i<i »i>- u». nnd thrir first net
viif to u-.ivr «m in (he lurch. \\> will man*
nr.>- t<> •trucclp along with uur now furee for
n while.
Packs Good in Advance.
tomed to their duties affairs -will be. In
tiielr accustomed shape.
Hone of the firms affected by the strike
profess to bo hostile toward their em
ployes for taking the step they dM inre
pponse to the orders of their unions. They
declare, however, that they will not as a
rule take back their old men at the ex
piration of the present trouble. This an
nouncement is due to the fact that there
was absolutely no difficulty experienced
In filling the places of the strikers.
Merchants Express Opinions.
The expressions of opinion of several of
the loading business firms affected by the
strike are as follows:
Louts Getz of Getz Bros., provision mer
chants at Jll California street — Klirhteen of, our
jn^n walked out. leaving; us with a force of
lour. Many of the strikers had been with us
Jrom fiiiwn to thirty years, and all of them
admitted they had no grievance. We never
n»kr-d ihr-ni any queHtlons r.» to their aCflllx
tl'in with unions, because we did not care.
"We paid C«f"l wapcB and treated our employes
v < ::. VvV paid fl?JO a month in salaries to tha
jTwn. "We had a lively time of It when th*
men walked out. but the bookkeepers, clerks
and accountant* came to the rescue until th«
}ilacr« of the strikers could be filled. We have
flllad every vacancy, and there were more ap
plications for positions than we could vrant,
\Ve may take bark some of our old employes,
but certainly not all of them. "We had con- >
Tidence in our men, but when they left us
vlihnut havlnc an actual grievance we. re
nolved that the peverance of. our relations
nhotild In a majority of cases be permanent.
Of course th« strike causes us great Inconve
nience. Still we ore Bhlrpln* by rail and the
raciflc Mail, and thus manage to ret alonir
falrly well.
T. II, Carroll, manager Cudahy Packing
Company. Ell Front street— Ten men belong
ing to our working- force left us this morning,
after having signed an agreement a few days
«ro not to quit us. I looked for this strike In
Btason and made all preparations to meet the
exigencies of the occasion. I had a talk with
the m«n and they agreed to remain with us
If we did not <Hacrlmlnate against them br
rauoe of their union afAllatlens. The ten men
who welked out are the earn* men who signed
the agreement. I had no difficulty In filling
the vacancies. JCevert helms, as a result of tho
iiul.f, I haw- ordered that further shipments
of freeh meats to our establishment shall
cease until the ec-ttlement of the disturbance.
Continued From Page One.
STRIKING PORTO PLACES TAKEN
Chief Sullivan of the San Francisco Flru
Department Is aiive to the possible dan
ger of flre during the labor troubles. He
has Issued orders to the members of tha
department to be watchful and; report nil
aunpicloua circumstances connected with
fires.
Jn future th« captain and lieutenant of
a flra company must altnrnntfl In 8«lumr
watches on the floor, so that at no tuna
will a nubnrdin&tfl be In chargn. Thin
order will be in effect during (no strike.
FIREMEN ON THE ALERT.
8. Richardson and Q. Peters, teamsters
for the Austin Company, and John R
Bowes, employed by the W. P. Fuller
Company, declined to obey tho strike
order and remained at work..
The future of tho,Btrlke In Oakland rests
with the San Francisco situation. The
conditions here are practically controlled
from tho other side of the bay, although
tho local Brotherhood of Teamsters has
full authority to take such independent
notion as Its members shall consider to
be best.
,,F\ V ? «hlp Joiners, employed at Hay &
Wright's shipyards, walked out to-day
following: orders from San Francisco' The
men say they are satisfied with conditions
of hours and wages, but strike in Bympa
thy with tho 'cross-bay movement. Some
of the Southern Pacific Company's long
shoremen at West Oakland also went out
this morning for. the same reason.
At noon to-day seventeen striking team
sters walked out of the Liberty Bakerv
Washington street, near Seventh", because
a non-union teamster unloaded merchan
dise at the restaurant.-
fused I to handle consignments ot mer
chandise from San Francisco merchants
have depended upon local expressmen who
own teams. There has been no interfer
ence by the brotherhood with such hnul
lng. The cessation of shipments has tjed
up the transfer companies, and has caused
considerable inconvenience to tho shop
keepers who have orders unfilled In San
Francisco houses. With the walkout of
this morning the transfer companies
which handle the bulk of this buslneHB
have given notice that thoy will center
their efforts upon the handling of crosH
bay freight. For five days they kept their
hands off at the request of the brother
hood in order to await the action of the
federation last night In San Francisco'
Now the companies maintain that they
will operate their teams as best they can
The direct effect of the local strike has
been to render the freighting of merchan
dise across the bay very precarlouB. Tho
transfer companies are unable to handle
their full service on account of the walk
out, and will bo tied up until the mana
gers decide to attempt to handle their
teams with non-union men. f
"Wo enjoyed the Fourteenth ot July
celebration very much. It wa» quite in
teresting.
"Jn charge of Guy Kennedy, the only
American in business In. Papeete, we took
a four days' trip around the Island. It
was delightful. Though passing through
a tropical growth, no one Buffered— In fact.
all wero surprised by the sulubrlty of tho
cllmute." Tho roads are of coral.
"Everywhere the natives received us
enthusiastically and turned over their
houses to us to sleep in. We slept well,
the nights being cool and pleasant. The
natives entertained us with choruses, or
hymnies' as they call them. It Is pluln
that they like the Americana better than
they do any other peop^.
"Of Robert Louis Stevenson the natives
an nave a fond remembrance. They re
vere his name. That of Charles Warren
Stoddard seems forgotten by them.
»-i'J ™ we J. e n» ca«es of sickness on the
trip. The ship is like a floating hotel and
everybody was comfortable."
board being delighted with the weather
and the view. We were shown the pearl
fisheries that exist in the waters of the
archipelago and from which the finest
pearls come.
"It was early morning when we reached
Tahiti. The sunrise was glorious and no
one aboard our ship will ever forget it.
The sun came up out of the ocean In a
splendor that he seems to assume only in
that part of the world and, as his nys
began to illumine the verdure of the green
islands about us, one was reminded of
some gorgeous scene from an extrava
ganza, where the art of stagecraft com
bines lights and tinsel to delight the eye.
"When we landed at Papeete all the
population was at the wharf to recolve
us. The women were garlanded with
flowers and all tho natives were agape
with wonder.
OAKLAND, July 30.— Two hundred
teamsters and helpers employed by the
various express companies engaged in
trans-bay freighting went on strike this
morning, in accordance with the action
taken in San Francisco. These 200 men
comprise about one-third the membership
of the local Brotherhood of Teamsters.
The draylng firms whoso business is con
nned to hauling within the limits of this
city and the merchants who handle local
traftlc only have not been afftcted by tho
strike. So far as their teamsters are con
cerned they will not go out unless com
pelled to haul so-called "unfair" Roods
from San Francisco. *¦• '*'?¦>¦'¦£ • •¦ <
Because of tho walkout of their men,
the directors of the People's Express
Company on this side of tho bay took
charge of the two teams they had in ser
vice. Vice Preside'nt A. Barlow drove one
team- all day and handled such freight
from San Francisco as the limited facili
ties enabled the company to move.
No suggestion of disorder was mani
fest anywhere. The teamsters did not at
tempt to Interfere with any of tho men
who were handling their own teams.
There were some mutterlngs about the
headquarters of the strikers with regard
to the Austin Freight and Transportation
Company which put threo teams at work
this morning with non-union crews. Three
policemen, Keefe. Jacobus and Brannan,
were detailed to guard the drivers, tho
company having requested that police
protection be given to the men. » •
Business Agent Charles Johansen of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters said there was
no violence Intended nor would the broth
erhood tolerate nny unseemly acts on tho
part of the strikers,
Manager O. O. Scott of the Austin Com*
pany said: "Wo are simply victims of
tho San Francisco strike, jlsvery one of
my men in natl*fled with the company,
hut th«y have neon forced out In a atrlko
of nympathy with Han Francisco* team-
WJi'ire tho union truckmen havo to-
STRIKE IN OAKLAND
IS BECOMING GENERAL
Two Hundred Teamsters Employed
by Express Companies Walk
Out En Masse.
pany twenty men; Yolo Mill*, fourteen men;
National Flour Mill, six men; Pattoeien'o,
twelve men. In addition to theso thera are
dozens of firms working from one to ten por
ters and packers, all of whoso men are now
out on strike. The various furniture p*tab
llshments. such as the Emporium* M. Frled
mnn. Joseph Frederick*, Indianapolis Furni
ture Company and others, lost their packers,
but In nearly every Instance the vacancies were
speedily filled.
AMONG the excursionists who re'
turned from Tahiti yesterday' on
the steamship Australia was '•the
Rev. Father John A. Lally of All
Saints' Church at Haywards.
Father Lally, like the rest of those who
made the trip, was delignted with the ex
perience. He went not only as a pleasure
seeker but as a student, and gleaned
much valuable information regarding the
islands he visited.
"It was one of the most pleasant trips
one could ever hope to take," said Father
Lally. "The passengers actually hated to
leave the steamer when we returned, it
had been such a pleasant home to them.
Going and coming the weather was par
fect and the waters smooth. All were im
proved in health, and some who went
away sick returned well.
"We went directly to the Marquesas
group and made our first stop at the main
island, Nukahiva. There we got cur
first night of the tropics— tho beautiful
verdure and the bread fruit and cocoanut
trees. The French Resident, represent
ing the Governor, lives here and it is dluo
the seo of Bishop Martin.
"Here also is the residence of the Into
Queen. She had been dead but a short
time when we arrived and there was BtlU
mourning for her. Sho was the last of
the royal house. There Is nono to succeed
her— the dynasty is extinct.
"At the royal palace wo met the ladles
who had composed the household of tho
late s Queen. They are cultured women
and talk French.
"The captain, as a special favor, when
we left Nukahiva sailed through the
Paumatou Islands. By devious ways
through the beautiful green dots of the
archipelago the ship glided, everybody on
THE REV. FATHER JOHN A; LALLY OF ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, HAY
WARDS, WHO TALKS ENTHUSU6TICALLY OF THE EXCURSION
OF SAN FRANCISCANS TO THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS. ¦
THE SAN rJKAKClSUU CALL,' WEDNESDAY, JUXY 31, 1901.'
Continued From Page One.
FREIGHT PILES UP ON WHARVES
Finest of Weather Is Encountered and the
Excursionists Enjoy Their Visits to Ver
dure-Clad Isles of the Southern Seas
DELIGHTS OF A TRIP TO TAHITI AS
TOLD BY THE REV. FATHER LALLY
5
************ tt****^^
**../-.'¦ ¦ '¦*'•''*• ¦' '' ¦' aLmm i '"^ "' '•' ¦ ; - : ' " ' __. ' ' ' " «
Everything needed by Primary, I* ¦P'^r* m^m -^a> ¦ «> *^ aU hour ' v rom IO a * m - t3 5 P* m - — •*
J Grammar and High School pupi's. »* WOlu^fUCUW Wek3»LX*&JBkX m 'm *** every day in Attraction Hall — sexond •*
jf Spec'al deparrment on main floor. CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST--AfllERICA*S . ORANDEST STORE floor— free. V
g. _____ L p _ : 1 S
i| Great Cleam-Up Sale of |
$ Dress Goods, Remnants and Suit Lengths, f
I . ; Half Price To-Day Only. |
ft Nearly 2000 Black 'arid Colored Dress Goods Remnants and Suit Lengths, which have accumulated during • the past S
If sixty days, will^ be 'offered at special sale to-day (Wednesday) only at hill regular price*. The assortment includes «
j^ Challics, Etam'ncs^ Henriettas, Albatross, Cheviots, Serges, Alpacas, Venetians, Mixed Suiting, Golf Skirtings, etc., jj
*? and quite a number of Kahdsomr black fancy suit lengths. Rcmsmber that these goods are marked half price for J
j? this day only.%,"' : , : . 5
x Pearl Buttons. /^\ These Wash Trimmings, %
I W^&J^X^ f^£ mm fiiPJL One-Third off i
§ feet fulWeight buttons at the cxtraordi. Suits To-Aiy only (Wednesday), we offer 5
k "'; f. . I "' P " " • ¦ • - 9C (tfi&k^ $2o 68 ™ «tir(,tock of Wihable Trim- J
K •••"• — _ (U \ ming Braids, in white and colors and £
\ If YOU Need a DiC- 7N\ *W* \ , You ha . vc color combbations, at oncthird ol! 5
i iionary, Read This s mf \ oniy^on 5 day retfvlar prlccs 5
5 The Genuine Webster's Unabridged Diction. I A lf o f th i, ' j
% **~^0Z*^*$£\ UM^Au s P! endid ba r Hammock \
•5> than <ooo words, with a new pronouncing &Z ' __ gain. The sa'e 77t* 1»
K gazelt.er ofthe world, with mew biograph- /^JT \ l is on from 8 JCSjJP *2_V TKI a S
«l ical dictionary, containing nearly io.ooo AU 1 \\ \\ . . morn j ne VS?^V| fcSk^T/V iaii t° otS > #
K names ofnot.d prrscn, of ancient snd med.-rn (ZM\ \\ Y * h l /; , °, ° °f %& W A ?> ' 7 * 5*
5 times, ilustrated with colored p»te. and IW \J \A3 until closing tfKgL j£>h e *^. <**« £
tf thousands of engravinps, b.und in full iheep, *T Ty time. The WfiSMmffltfffl • \ *% ° \%
}f with patent thumb ind:x ; «he regular $10 I \ su ' Us a re made A P ,* J«
5 Dlctlcnaryi on ¦pecU .ale through ths \S*\ from strictly Wl^?^^ oT'i" ' *lx\l «
J month of August, it $£2Q J V\l Blue Mffir inchc,;* r'e 4 8 l5
| quantity 1«U. Ch.vW fall M\\& larly $koo; %n j{
20c Combs 7c. &* . v an d win* '^~ Kh .T. e . ul . 5
S> We have picked up a large lot of Cellu'oid weights; »rc handsomely braided in 77O \\
W '(flily^^ bro'dcrcd shield; blouses cut full and fif . flCfi| ./ fis —LitSUOrS 5
S Dreeing Combs at about oncthlrd their long; aiz a for boys 3 to 10 'years of w * !1 J, . © / i5
% real value. They come in white, amber nge; an extra good AA /JjJ TO-U3}f S Ofl/flj «
K .nd tortolie color. 1 good, durable, lervlce- 4>O o value; today <^_«»WO Emporium Flour— Flnt-cl«» article, jrurtn- }*
S able combi, the eheapeit one In the lot •"•" _J ' teed to prove uthfactoryj regularly _-, i!
J worth at.letit 15c, the mort of them aoc jq MBCkWOar 33 C, 8 S c a «ck, ipecbl to^ayon'y.... 78C S
ll^^|__3^S^o Wednesday Only.'
5 -- "ZZ • #_»,_ We hsve Kvertl broIten linel __!_»> Diamond C Soap— Thh weil-known brand on 3
I NSW mUSiC IOC. of LtlW Nsekwear, ag- jgffimk special .a'e toJay, 7 bars for 2So 9,
•5 These fi/: popular publications, pub'lihed by gr:g»ting In all about 900 JPT^BJ Victory Mush— A very popular brealtfut food; "5
3 L?e Joh..»on fc C). at 50: each, lold regu- pieces, embracing tome of 9 regu'arly 3 packagei for 15c, on Wednevhr, V
M larly by the big store at 25c each; 1 EZ+% the most popular itylrs of \^ JS 4 lor 25 O "*
5 on tpscial tale thl. week mmM%0 the »«!on. »uch ai Lace Jfc£~&T Coffee— Our famous Java and Mocha, the best «
V "CIobp Your Dreamy Eyes." Bitbei, white »nd ecru, rfaSKSl that money will buy ; regularly 35c lb, ipe. '2
* • "My Sunbeam Lou." . ttimmei with Honiton W^jCviv c ! al to-dav : 29o "5
h •ArammyJ ia Chlna i Twins." lr ,id or Vfenclenn*. lace, lfflM& Crystola-CaimVd to'bs '« good'u SaToio; S
k* "The Cat's Parade." Chiffon Jabot., white or ffifflgSHST to-<Jay, per bar 4o 'J
?• __ ' _.- -creamj fancy chiffon .tock. 'fiKBffi9sV American Club Whljkey— Fine straight food* } j»
%* 25C PlaqUeS 1 2C* and i«inorn 5W ered Wind- Wmm rcgu'arly J 3 .a 5 a gallon, Wed- Qn Jr
$i Very pretty Plaques ot metal, with rings on sor Tief, in all col-r-j none J/M&xBffl nesday only, on special sale, at %pi rnUlM «J
J back with which to hang them, artistically of this neckwrir was ever Ginger Ale— The popu'ar Lytton Springs prol- j*
I? executed in oil colors, with go'.d rim around sold at le« than 50C5 part ,*«Qg?tW^ uct 5 regularly |i. 00 a do*sn, .pecal W«d- S
K edge, m a variety of charming »ur jects} regu- of ' xi wa ' marke * 75 C » nesday only 7BO 5
$ larly 25c each; on special sale on special fa'e to-day only OO#ft Licblg's Malt Ext'act— Regularly JSa.a? a «J
Jf Wednesday only.. i— iC m9m9%0 dozen, special Wednesday only .. ..$1,78 5
******** ******* A***M
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
BAIL WA Y TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
10:25 am
6:20 pm
CALIFORfili K0RTH1ESTERH RI. Ca
LESSEE
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Perry. Foot of Market StV
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, "9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:83.
3:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael fo Snn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 ri. m. -
SUNDAYS.. 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40,
6:05. 6:25 p. m. *
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j | Sun- I Week
Days. | days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:S0am 8:C0 ami Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
»:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pmilO:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm| Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburff. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami R:00 pml Hopland 110:40 amllO:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am U^-tn am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm |_ 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:00am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
B:10pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm »:20pm
7:10 ami »:00 ami 110:4-3 am 1 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stnges connect at Fnnta Ro«a for Mark Wet*.
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; nt Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at CloverdaSe
for the Geysers: nt Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Hlghlnnd Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; nt Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lnke. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. L«erley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs. M»ndoelno City, Fort Bragff. West-
port, Usal. Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C. WHITING. n. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. ¦ Gen. Pass. Act.
jgm^. VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
JoF-T^Wi, MORMON niSHOP'S PIl.I^!
fcltti |m h.'ivo born In nsf over fifty
EgfivS *3f"»8jMA yrars by /the leaders of the
fflBvMfiywffiS Mormon Churcli nnd their
HBlS i FSVl''J*fl followers. ToMUvply oure the
wPwg /'WyEfeS worst ciisor In olil and young
TO^^aikV pjjj nrlsInK from effects of Belf-
"KSwwtS*ljl» ahusp, dissipation, rxccss.a or
VB&\&J3(^ ciKnrotte-smoklnK. Cure Lost
*W$M\f MnTihood, Impotency, Lost
wvuwSr Power, Night LoftaeB, Insom-
nia, Pains in B<\ck. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache,- tlnfltness to Mnr-
ry, I.osa of Semen, « Varlcocele or Con.
PtlpBtlon. Stop Nor^J CJ vo " 8 Twitchlnjr of
Eyelids, Efff-cts-are rtl_Trllmmedlate, Im-
part vigor and pota tcnra ncy to every func-
tlcn. ¦ Don't sret doapondentj a cure is at hand.
Tlfrstorp sm-ill, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the » brain and nerve centers; BOc a box; 6 for
$JI 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP nEMKDY CO.. 40 Ellis at.,
San rrnnclsco. Cat. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 41 Third *t. . • •
Ban Francisco.
I-f IA/, T. HESS. V
NOTARY FDBLIO AMD ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckeli Bids.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNV 1 AND WASHINGTON STS.— IlE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. ¦ Rooms, 50c to %l 60 day;
|5 to $8 week; *3 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
nnd cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all nltrht. '.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* ¦«»«• nml »r* itiio (o nrrlto m% .
NAN FKA!«<:i.HI!O.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street.) -.— -
leave — From Jult 14. 1301. — aeri»»
7:OOa Bentda, Suisuo, Xlalra aad flaerv
memo O:S5r
7iOOa Vic»»lUe. Wlttst, Romaey 7iA3r
7«»Ua M*rtliiei,.S»i,Ha,i 1( .u.V»llejo. N*p»,
C»UsU)g» and Santa Rosa «i2-3r
¦:O»a D»»1s, Woodland. Knljati Landlnc.
MarjiTille. Orotllle TiB-ip
SiOlM A Mantle Kxpress— Ogden and East 13iS3r
H:»»a NUea. Lathrop, Stockton l>Z»r
SsUOANilea. Meudota. Hanford. VUaila.
Potttrrllle 4iS5r
Si81»a Shuu Kxpress— Daria. Willltms (for •
Bartlett Springs), WUlowa. Bad
Bluff, Portland 7iOSr
IiSOa Sail Juse. Liiermore, Htookton.
lone, Hacraniento, Plaeerrill*.
ll»rjsflll«. Cblco, Uo.l niiiff 4it9r
SiSOa Oakdale, Chines* (Yosemlte). 8o-
nora. Carters 4i*4r
BiOO* nayw»rtl, Nllrsand Waj SUUous.. IIiA.Ia
OiOOa Vallejo la:33r
t»O«A Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop, ritoekton. Metoed
Fretitio »ml I*» Axgoles 7tS9t>
StXMA Valirjo, Martlnes »n<l Way Station* YiSSp
IOiooa Thn Oferli nd Limited— Ogden, Den.
»er, Omaha. Cbiea(it •iSSp
fliOOp Sacramento Klter 8i»*uters... ...... t 3 ' 011 *
»i8i»r lUywtrd, Mlrs and Wa» HUtlons.. 7iS3r
4i«0p Uouloia, Winters,. Maeramento.
Woddiand. Knights l.audlnc.
M»rynlllr. Otutllla I«j33a
4t«ap M.rtlnei. Han lUinon, V»U»Jo,
Na|m, (.'KlUtnK*. HkiiU Itora «i*S\
•iiOOp Mien, LlTermore, Stockton, Lodl... ia<aSp
4ill«>r tlsywsrd. Mies, Han .lit*e, LUtrmors t" 1 ' 1 *-'**
4i:io e Yon Ccs a. Trscy, Lathrop, Utoektoa 1 miSAa
SiUttp l'lin Owl l.lmltc.l— Fresuo, Tulara,
lUkenQelil, hangug for Santa Bar-
bara, I .us Anittlas SiSS*
OiOOr Martin*!. Anttcch, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno ltiS3p
BiOn r Yosemlte lXsJSp
BiSOp New Orleans Expre-s— Mendota,
Fresno. BakenBeid. Los Anjele*.
IX-mlng, Kl l'aso. New Orleans
and Eist 7iS9*
• lOOp IU»n»rd, NUes and Mau Jose 7iS.i4
?OtOOr Vullejo Ilit3i
aiOttpOrlenUl Mail— Ogden, Cb«ienn*.
Otnaha. Chloago • 1*iS9p
•loop Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver.
Bt. Louis. Chioafo. *itit
fitOp Oregon aud Calirnrata ICxpress,N«g.
ritiiienti>, . M»rjs»lllo, Kmtillng,
I'nrtUn.l. Tngnt Hoiin.l an.) Rait tiSS*
¦¦•tip Ban Pablo. Port CoiU, Mutlaea
sn<l Way aiatlou lliSS*
tSiOflp Vallrjn 7iBay
COAST IjINE (.1arr*» »an S e).
(root of Murkat Streat.)
' 17i43a Santa Crux Excursion to riant* Cnu
and Principal Way Stations HiO3p
SiIBa Newark.Oeiitertille.rian Jose, tt>\ ton,
UotilderOreek.SaiilaOritsand Way
HUtlons a.3t>»
fSiISp Newark. Center? Hie, San Jose. New ¦ , .
Alnuitau, K niton, Hmitder Creek,
Bauta i'tvu and l'rlnolyal Way
Stations l«il»O4
4iinr Newark. Hon Jrme. I.os Gatos t^i^KU
««i!5p Qlenwood.Bonlder Creek. BantaCnrs «»«3«»A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from S1J rUICISCO-raot of HirVit Strut (Slip D- -
t7il5 W:0O 11:00A.M. 1:03 1:00 0:19p.m.
fumOtlUIB— rttt •ritMiw...— fd.00 UM »»*•
I0:00>,M. »:00 8:00 4:03 P.M.
COAST LINE (Itroad limit).
;.'¦'¦'- Cfnlrd mid Townsentl Sts.)
1 «>I«A Ban Jcsoand Way HtaUoaa,... M .... <Ma*«
<7:0O* Han Jose and W«> SUtltius li»«r
/7i«0i New Alintdei / «ilO»
17iuoa Sundiy Exeonion for Ban Jcta,
Hanta Cnu. PteUe Gro»e and
.'¦ .- Prlnerpal Way SUtlooa. 1S«3»»
•¦••*N*A J(W«, HoUlster. Hanta Oriix,
,.-.,- faelno (lrut». ijailnta. Saa Ltrfj
Obiipo, Baata Barbara and Prin-
dpai li.lermwU.te Stations 7rtf>f
IOiSOa San Jose and War Buttons. OxSOp
lltSOA Hail Joan ami War -Stations ftia»»
t»i lft» 8an Mateo, ltedwooal, K^-nlo Park,
¦ ¦ - Palo Alto. Hantk Clara, Han Joss,
HoPlster, Santa Crux, Ballau.
Monlereraml Paolflo OroTS |I«i49a
" lilitr San. lo«e. Troa Pino*. Santa Cms. - '
'¦' - ' Paolfle droT« and War -S»*tion« 4lltf
Mil Sp San Jose ami Principal W»y .Stations »i«3a
fSiOOpSan Jose, Lot Oatoi and Principal, • - .
WayflUtfons fti«O»
, ¦ StSOp Ran Jnse and Principal Way Rtattons BlSsU
. a ¦<• or Redwood, Haa Jos*. Ctlmy. Salinas. ,**- --_
•¦ ! bauta Barbara, I^a Angetcm...... 1 «>O--»a
«s:tOr San.Tosa aixt Way .stations \*\.Oa
gllt«5pS*n Jniasmi Way SUtlnn* :.' Tl3«y
A (or Morning. ' P for A ftenioon. ,
t AniKlay ei(>«i>tad. t Pundar only.
« Saturday only. . • « Monday.
• Saturday to 1 Sunday. / Taesdaya and Frldajm.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7:20 a. m. Is Pakersfleld Local, stopping at
all. points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
(pondlm? train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offlcee — 841 Market street and- tn Ferry
Depot; San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. -_ ¦ ' ¦
•9:00 n. m. train Id the California Lim-
ited, leavlnp Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace FWpInc Cars an«1 Dlnlns,
Cars throueh to Chtcaro. Chair Car ran.*
to Bakersflelrt for accommodation of local.
flrst-slaM parsenBera. -No' second-clan-
Mckets honored on thin train.. Correspond-
tnpr train arrives at 5:65 p. m. Tuesday and' |
FrMay. . • •.'.--. ,t •
4:20 p. ' m. ts Stockton 'and Fresno locnl.'
Ccrrespondlns, train arrives at 12:30 p.m.
flally;f ' • ' . " ' , ,
8:C0 p. m. Is th? Overland ETpress. with
throusrh Palace and Tourist Plespers and
Free Recllnlnff Chair Cars to Chtcaxo: also
Palace Sleeper, -which cuts out . nt Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
a for moinlnc.
p for afternoon.
Lv. San FraK J 7:20 a 9:00 al» :00p 4:20 p
Ar. Ptockton.llA:1fta 11 :« a 111:10 p 7:1S p
11 Merced.. . 112:22 p 1:17 pi 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.. ..I 2:M p 2:3S p i 3:05 a 110:50 p
" Hanford..l 8:12 p 3:27 p I 7:06 a
" Vl*alln...l J:4ftp I 4:4S a I
11 nkmfleld.l 6:15 p I li:20 p I 7:.VI a I
" Kan Cltyl 1:40 a 7:30 a I
•• Chicago.. | I 2:15 p | 9:00 p |
I I^ocal I LiirTd lOvrrd j Loral
I Daily I • j Dally I Dally
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-ntreet Ferry Depot.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAB,
The Weekly Gall.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
*• ' • ¦ Tit Biuilii* Tutj—Tm of Uirktt 31.
l|«»i ¦>« K«». miiviiM rail.
«:oo a.m.) inasr.M.
•KM a. u. 1:15 r. m,
10:00 a.m. imnun . * ;8 ° *• **•
1130 A.M. ...WNDAU 4*>F. •»,
1^0 P.M. fl:50r. M.
VXtt, M., ' 7:10 r. u.
' f%*. rita Pr»«ll»N H «i««ll MMl KMirS, II «
Ticket Offlcyn. HJl Market M.. ft ftmuaUto rtrrf,
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Fels Naptha is more than good
soap; saves half the work.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6-9 BEAR5T ST. Establish^
In 1S34 for the treatment of Pr»y»t«
Dl.wMes,.L«it Manhood. Debility or
dl.u>asft wearln* on body and mind and
Skin DtaeiMca. The DoctorcureKwI.en
others Ult. Ttt htm. rharfes low.
<nrr«j:niirHnlrfil. Cnllorwrlt*
Dr. J. •". CIIBBON. Han rraadaco. CaU ;f*
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL' VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. '9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. '1:45, 3:16, 4:13. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on . Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25,- 6:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a m. 1*12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *3:S3. 4:40. 5:30 p.m. • .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. •8:00.-9:45. *ll:00 a. m., »13
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. *l'M, 6:43. 7:30, 10:10
p. m. ' / ' . . " ¦ . ' '
Trains marked" <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALI^EY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:45, 8:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m., 12:35, 1:45. 2:45, 3:B0. 5:10. 6:C0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondnys, Wednesday!
and Saturdays Bt;7:10 and 10:S5 p. m. . . .
8UNDAYS- 8:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m,. 12:15
1:20. 2:30; 3:45, B:00, «:15,. 7:15, 10:80 p. m. , .
*','. THRObOH TRAINS.
«:BS a. m. week days-Caiadero and way sta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays—Caaadero and way «ta-
tlons, ¦ . . • \r
f,\\Z p,-m, week flay* (Saturdays exqepted)—
TomaleR and way itatloni,
fi a, m. Sundays— Caxadoro and way stations,
10 a, m, WuiulHyB-l'ulnt Reye* and way
•tntiona.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
THE EMPORIUM.
4 THE EMPOBITTM.
THE EMPOItrrjM.
Silk Floss Doable Mattress,
thirty-five pounds, five-inch
box, $6.50.
5 Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
100 miles. We close at six, ex-
cept on Saturday.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE C0* M
338-342 POST STREET,
Oppoalte Union Squar*. *Wie^-^m^ flail
WEDNESDAY. .... ...:........... JULY 31, 1901
JOHN D." SPRECKELS, v Proprietor .
Address All Communications UV.l, LEAKS, Kintger.
MANAGER'S OFKI43B . Telephone Fresr 20*
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EnrroHMf. ROOMS..... 217 to 221 SteTemon 8t.
Telephone Press 202.
• Delivered ttr Carriers, 15 Cents Per 'Week.
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents. -
Terms br Blall, Including Postage •
DAILY CALL (lnchifilnr Btmdar). on* rear M-M
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). « months S.OO
DAJLT CALL fincludlnr Sunday). * months 1.60
PArLY CALL— By Blntf* Month Uo
CUXDAT CALL. On* Tear !•»
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1-W
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Btsspls coplei "will be forwarded when requested.
Mail cubacrlbera In ordertnc change of address should be
particular to *!»• both NKW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to issort a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAJCLAAD OFFICE '.1118 Broadway
• C. CEORfiE KnOGXES!.
Its&gtr rtrrfgn Advertising, Mirquetto Building, Ofelesp.
' . CLocr Distance Telephone "Central Mil.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO* Herald Sauare
NEW TORK HEPRESENTATTVX:
1TEPHES D. SMITH 3O Trlbnno Bnlldlnff
I NEW TORK NEWS STA3TDS:
TTaldorf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brentano, tl Union Bqoaf*;
Unmr Hill Hotel. '
ORAJV'CIT orritns— ¦en Montgomery, corner ef Clay. ep«n
until «:S0 o'clock. tOO Hayes, open .until t:S0 o'clock. €33
MeAIllrter. open until 9:S0 o'clock. CIS Larldn, open until
' t-.SO o'clock. 1*41 Mlstlon, open until 10 o'clock, mi Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. lf«6 Valencia, open
ttctll I o'clock, ire Eleventh, open until > o'clock. ICW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
WO yiHmw*. ot>*>n until J n. m.
DOLLAR OF 1799— Subscriber, San
Pablo, Cal. There is a New York dealer
in old coins who offers from 50 cents to J2
for dollars of 1799 with five stars facing
the head of Liberty and 15 cents premium
for such as have not five stars facing.
This department does not advertise the
business address of dealers in old coins.
LORDSBURG— A Subscriber, City. There
is no place In the Territory of Arizona
that is called Lordsburg. There is such a
place In Grant County, New Mexico, also
such a place in Los Angeles County, Cali
fornia, and one of that name In Bettineau
County, North Dakota. "-'• '\.
"WATER— N., City. The reason that
there is water under the Callahan estate
is because there are living springs on the
site. ;;-:¦:;
MAY DAY— Subscriber, San Pablo, Cal.
May day is not a legal holiday either In
the United States or In England.
A NINETY-ONE DOLLAR— N., City. A
dollar of 1S91 is not one of those cata
logued as a premium coin. ' ¦ »..
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
*NOT MARRIED-N., City. Mayor Phe
lan never was married. . ¦'.v
.. The Santa Fe to Merced and sta^e ' thence
via " Merced ;" Falls, Coulterville, Hazel Green,
Merced Big Trees, : Cascade Falls and • Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at S the
next -afternoon. .This Is the most popular route
and the rates are the: lowest.* Ask at 641 Mar
ket st.; for particulars and folder. ¦' '¦'
Best Way to the Yosemite.
tial candidates. Some , -day, it is to be hoped, he will
wake up.. Nightmares cannot last forever. . ,...-•
.. li *t - | | | II — *"* ' - ' ' —' -— •- "*~N^
William Jennings. Bryan is still selecting Presiden-
will be seen that Platt-amended independence is quite
different from the real thing.
money enough has been burned in such expeditions
to thaw out the pole if it had only been applied rightly.
It is now announced that the United States will
fortify and occupy all the chief ports of Cuba, so it
Expeditions for 'Arctic and Antarctic exploration
have never been so numerous or so well equipped as
this year, nor have they ever been so costly.'. In. fact
Everything pertaining to the New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the. best way to
get ¦ to Buffalo is by the' comfortable . trains
of 4he Nickel Plate : Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, In which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 33c to Jl each.*: Book
free, showing 1 pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel •" accommodations reserved. . JAY W.'
ADAMS, P. C. • P. A.. 37 Crocker building,
San , Francisco. Cal.
Are You "Of the Old World"?
ECONOMICAL QUEEN.
Wilhelmlnn. Is ho economical that
the trait almost approaches stinginess. It
Is said that upon many occasions when
she entertained at Amsterdam she" bor
rowed the. necessary dishes from a well
known cblnn dealer on Kalverstraat. The
borrowing became monotonous, and the
dealer hinted to the court | officer that It
wouyi.be along royal lines to buy enough
dishes to set the great table. When the
next state dinner was given the Queen
bought of the dealer dishes she .had for
merly borrowed.
.Now that the hof spell is broken the people of the
East have begun : to look around them : and" ask,
Where is Roosevelt?'
Now that King "Edward has. taken to the automo
bile the machine will no longer have any difficulty in
getting a right of way in British parks. •
Tom Johnson has dropped out of Democratic talk
about the next Presidential race and Dan Lamont is
getting more mention than any one else.
"Perhaps Sampson will act with respect to the court
of inquiry as he did with respect to the Santiago fight
and make himself conspicuous by his absence. , : ."
What' grinds the Bryanites. more than anything else
is the fact that they were turned down in Ohio just
as the heat had injured the t crops enough to give
them a chance to start a calamity campaign.
The movement to erect a. monument tp. Napoleon
at New Orleans in commemoration of the fact that he
transferred the Louisiana territory to the . United
States has not made much headway. There seems to
be more, people bucking against it than pushing it.
Commenting upon the fact that the introduction of
the shirt waist has led men in the East to. go about
in shirt sleeves, the New York Sun says: "The shirt
waist brigade must either organize to cure this
demoralization or their revolutionary garment will be
swept away itself." Here is another case that needs
arbitration. ~ K :-¦ . - .
The extension of trolley lines in the' East amounts
now to something like a formidable rival to the
steam roads. It is announced that Detroit and Pitts
burg will . soon have trolley Connection by way of
Cleveland which will give a road of 375 miles under
one management. The time is not long past when
that would have been a good mileage for any railroad.
WASHINGTON, July CO.— The following'
Calif ornlnns arrived to-day and regis
tered: At tho National. J. V. Young; lit
tho St. James, W. HtUlIway and S. II.
ICnowlos, and nt the Shoreham, Edgar V.
Ovcrton, all of San Francisco.
Cnliforninns in Washington.
Once the leading industry related to the soil, there
arc some startling indications that it is permanently
declining in this State. While it may not yet be- called
a dying industry, it is evidently at a standstill, if not
retrograding. This is said from no pessimistic mo
tive. Nothing is more* common in 'the history ¦• • of
American agriculture than the agony and bloody
sweat that go into the change of its crops by a'farmf
ing community. Louisiana underwent it, exchanging
indigo for sugar-cane, and parts of the wheat belt
of the Upper Mississippi Valley had 'to abandon that
crop and seed the fields it had impoverished to dairy
grasses and take up' butter and cheese. It is known
¦' v" . ¦ ¦ . ms ¦ - . «¦ .¦
The answer of the railroad to their request was that
the reductions in wheat freights made in the last few
years were all that could be expected, and that if
there were any further reductions they would be all
taken up by advances in ocean freights. Deep-water
freight seems to be the pinching point. The num
ber of vessels in the wheat fleet has fallen off, having
been absorbed in the great increase of general ton
nage required in ocean traffic. It is believed, too,
that the introduction of oil as a fuel has affected wheat
as* to transportation,' because the demand for coal is
less, and the fleet that brought coal to carry away
wheat has decreased. Wheat feels all these adverse
influences and has ceased to be the profitable crop
that 'it was in the days of Dr. Glenn and his 6o,ooo
acre wheat. field.
But we did not intend to stray into the esthetic
and away from the practical features of this interest
ing traffic. There may be some reason why the farm
ers of the upper valley cannot in the same way com
bine and provide wheat barges and steamers to tow
them to Port Costa, or some other point where they
meet deep-water ships. If there he no other reason
except failure to take advantage of an opportunity,
the matter is worth examination.
It is somewhat surprising that the growers fail to
take advantage of the river. The farmers on the
delta lands of the Sacramento long ago promoted
their own line of boats, which ply regularly through
out the year bringing down fruit, vegetables, grain,
hay and what other produce they have for market.
Their lands are so situated that it is impossible to
ship by rail on any terms, so the land-owners joined
and provided their own transportation. The traffic is
most picturesque. When freight waits at a landing
a flag is hung out, just like an express call in the 'city,
and the boats zigzag up nrid down the stream in
making the stops on cither shore where they are
wanted. The stream is beautiful, its banks tropical in
the luxuriance of their foliage, and the cargo is aro
matic with the odors of fruit and melons.
A RECENT conference between the Sacramento
Valley wheat-growers and the Southern Pacific
Railway, though futile in effecting its object,
which was a reduction in freights, brought out some
interesting facts. ". »V;
THE WHEAT. INDUSTRY,
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach. Cal., effective after April 13.
$60 for round trip, including 13 days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery at.
J. J. McCarthy, president of the Iowa Bar Associ
ation, in a recent address at a meeting of that body
said: "One of long experience on the bench writes
me that in his opinion about one-half of all evidence
received on behalf of the defense of criminal cases is
false. Another judge of equally high repute writes
that he believes 75 per cent of the evidence offered in
divorce cases approaches deliberate perjury. Another
writes that perjury is committed in a majority of
important lawsuits and that the crime is rapidly
increasing." Either that js a very pessimistic view of
the situation, or else Iowa is the wickedest State in
the Union. j 'Tfe- n
Between now and Saturday, when registration
doses, every effort should be made by all who are
in favor of honest politics, genuine Republicanism and
good government to see to it that every true and
stanch Republican who is entitled to registration
should get his name on the rolls. There are of course
many things in business affairs to distract the atten
tion of men from their political duties, but these
should not be permitted to lead any one to .neglect
the issue that is now before San Francisco. . If the
Republican party submits to boss rule at the primaries
it may bid farewell to any hope of carrying the city
when the municipal election takes place.
So many men have looked upon the primaries in the
past with distrust that some may be inclined to dis
trust them now. On the other hand, others may be
so sure that under the new law corruption will be
powerless that they will' not deem it worth while to
vote. It is these two elements that constitute the
danger of the" situation and gives the bosses their
only ground for expecting a victory. The bosses
know that primary elections have been neglected by
many good citizens in the past, and they i expect a
similar state of things this time. With a light vote
they can win. To defeat them there will be needed
a heavy vote. It is for good citizens to see to it that
the vote is heavy.
It is to be borne in mind that the primary elections
this. year will be quite different from those of "the
past. The old scenes of fraud and violence which dis
gusted honest men with such elections cannot be
repeated under the new law. If Kelly and Hcrrin win
out this time it will be only because they can bring
to the polls a number of rounders large enough -to
outvote the better elements of the party. Of course
that cannot be accomplished if good citizens attend
to their political duties. If there be a full registra
tion of all good citizens and a full vote on election
day, the end of boss rule in San Francisco will have
comei
All qualified voters who were registered at the last
general election, or Bince that time, and who will have
continued to reside within their respective election pre
cincts shall be entitled to vote without additional regis
tration.
All persons who were registered, but by moving out
of their respective districts, or otherwise, have lost their
right to vote.
All electors who have changed their residence from
another county in this State to this county since the last
general election, and prior to May 15, 190L
All native citizens not registered who have secured a
residence in the State and county Elnce the last general
election.
All native citizens who have arrived at age since the
last general election. ' ,\~ r --'. .' .'.V- ',- -
In this connection the notice is once more given
that the following persons are entitled to registra
tion:
All persons not registered at the last election, but
¦who were entitled thereto. . - 1 \<C
FROM the Republican Primary League there has
been issued another appeal to the voters of all
parties to see to it that they are properly regis
tered for the primary election. Registration for that
purpose closes next Saturday, August 3, 'conse
quently only a few days now remain for attending to
the duty. 1.
REGISTER AT- OIJOE.
That mournful question has been promptly an
swered. Up from New York itself there have arisen
voices of protest. It is announced by some of them
that never was the banjo more musical or more popu
lar than now. It is not the banjo that is passing,
says one authority, but the old-fashioned way of
teaching" and playing. Another expert says: "I find
that true and capable' exponents of the banjo, .with
their good instruments, have more engagements at
the functions, of the Four Hundred than they can at
tend to." Such infoimation will bring a world of
comfort to the American public. The., banjo 'is our
only national musical instrument. It has been a joy
in the past, and may it live forever.
The New York Sun took up the theme and poured
forth' upon it a stream of words that expressed a
considerable amount of banjo lore in sentences whose
melancholy cadences sound like a funeral dirge. It
told how in 1848 Joe Sweeney, the minstrel, intro
duced the instrument to the New York public, how
it roused a "languid interest," how the gifted Sweeney
added the. E string, how Barnum took it up in 1858
and had banjo concerts at his museum, which were
followed by a flash of . popularity during the . war.
How banjo solos were for a time played at Wallack's
Theater between the acts, how the banjo artists threat
ened the supremacy of violinists and pianists, how in
1883 there' was a craze on the subject, and so on
down to the time when newspapers devoted columns
to banjo concerts. Then the Sun says: ."With the
original Spanish Students who appeared at Booth's
Theater came the mandolin, and its tremulous tinkle
marked the first jangle of the banjo's death knell.
The Students made a tour through the country and
the first wedge to knock out the banjo had been
driven in. And, alas! where is the banjo now?".
A SHORT time ago in commenting upon filing
a petition in bankruptcy; George C. Dobson, a
veteran banjoist in New York, declared that the
day of the banjo is over. He is reported to have said
the bicycle, the camera and golf have proven so at
tractive to the young they have no longer any time
for the banjo and that instrument as a pleasure maktr
is among the things of the past.
THE BANJO AS A JOY.'
"I see that the reorganized army la to
have twenty-seven d»ntlsts."
"That's a good thing. They'll keep the
dogs of war in a condition to show their
teeth to the best advantage."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"I wonder who the "modest friend In
New England' is who has given Oberlln
College 550,000?" '•=<»--.
"Well, the description plainly indicates
that it isn't a Bostonian."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. ¦ -
Su Brette — I understand now why you
said that Boston girl was so cold.
Foote Lighte— Why so?
"When I passed the parlor door I no
ticed your lips were frozen to hers."—
Tonkers Statesman.
Conductor— You can't ride on this car;
you are full.
Bender— Thash all rlsh. . Ain't I paying *
full fare?— Chicago News.
A CHANCE TO SiMILE.
Calif ornians In New York.
NEW YORK, July 30.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Franclseo— F. B. Dallam at the Everett:
O. Lange at the Grand Union; J. Meyer
steln at the Hoffman; J. Edlin at the Al
bert; Mrs. S. MacGrath at the St. Denis;
J. J. Mooro at the Holland House; G. C.
Ronlnson and wife nt the Park Avenue;
Miss Tompklns at the New Amsterdam;
Mrs. G. B. Willcutt at the Manhattan;
M. S. llellman at the Hoffman and G. F.
Wales at the Manhattan. From San
Joso— F. A. McFarland at the Bartholdi.
From Los Angeles— C. A. Bakcf vlllo at
the Astor; F. M. Bradshaw at the Herald
Square; Mrs. M.I -Brayton at tho Grand
Union; E. W. Potter at the Herald Square
and J. 8. Stowor at the Gllsey.
Professor S. P. Lemley of the Smithso
nian Institution arrived from Tahiti yes
terday and is staying for a few days at
the Palace prior to leaving for Washing
ton," P. C.
Will Neff, son of John Wesley Neff,
first assistant deputy in the Internal
Revenue office at Washington, D. C, is
visiting relatives in this city.
Chief Sullivan of the San Francisco Fire
Department leaves to-morrow for the
country to spend his summer vacation on
a ranch near San Jose. ? "-.'^
J. Lamb Doty, United States Consul at
Tahiti and agent of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company, arrived yesterday and is
staying at the Palace.
G. E. Channlng, special agent of the
Treasury Department, has returned from
a few days' vacation in the vicinity of
Mount Shasta.
George W. Jackson, accompanied by his
wife, is down from Sacramento for a few
days. They are registered at the Lick.
Thomas O. Toland, a member of the
State Board of Equalization, arrived from
Ventura yesterday and is at the Lick.
H. Weinstock, the well-known merchant
of Sacramento, is here on business and
is staying at the California.
H. J. Ed wards., a prominent resident of
San Jose, is at the Grand..
B. P. Wright, a mining, man of Au
burn, is a guest at the Grand.
J. W. Brockman, an attorney of Ba
kersfleld, is at the Calif ornla.
PERSONAL MENTION.
• ¦*.-:.>;¦¦
spring was too cold and the summer ha3 been too hot
for sightseeing in that locality, and as a result even
the fame of the wonderful electric-lighting has not
drawn a paying crowd.; Probably Charleston may
have better fortune, for her show is to be held in the
winter time. v ' .'_, •
The Buffalo exposition has been in md luck. The
THE shipping industry of the city of Nome has been cn-
Vtirely revolutionized. Until May of this year all mer
chandise that was brought north by steamers was, land
ed on the beach. Steamers waited days and days and
.sometimes weeks for the Ice to break up before they
could unload their freight. -Va'.vY " ; ¦ „•'¦
The steamship Jeanie arrived ten miles from Nome on May
25 of this year. The residents of the far north city claimed
that the steamer would have to wait perhaps a month before
she would be able to land her passengers and freight. Bat the
vessel's master was not of the .waiting kind. He sent for dog
sleighs and unloaded his passengers and freight on the Ice ten
miles from the busy place. The scheme worked well, and In
the future all steamers will unload their freight on the ico
when possible, thus escaping the risk of spoiling their mer
chandise while crossing the breakers near the beach in, open
boats and lighters. The above picture was brought down from
Nome by J. J. Shaughnessy, the well known traveling man.
¦ THIS PICTURE SHOWS THE STEAMER JEANIE LANDING HER PASSENGERS AND DISCHARGING HER CAIU
GO ON THE' ICE SOME MILES FROM NOME. THE FREIGHT AND BAGGAGE WERE HAULED ASHORE
BY HORSE AND DOG TEAMS.
"Hast thou seen a dog bark at a beggar and the
wretch run from the cur? There was the image of
brief authority. Even a dog is obeyed in office."
There may b> cases in which it is less ignoble to
have a pull. One can imagine approaching by such
means an authority that has strength, if not dignity,
and therefore is entitled to some respect. But when,
as in this case, the authority approached has neither
strength nor dignity, but only an inflated sense of
power, it is like the king of beasts soliciting a flea
for permission to live in the jungle.
The schools are likely to suffer from the spirit of
intrigue and prejudice which the board inspires.
When it is notorious that the way in or the way out
for a teacher bears no relation to merit and worth,
experience and excellence, then the worthy must de
scend to the methods of the unworthy to get favor
and hold position, or go out carrying the sense of
gross injustice tempered only by having retained man
hood or womanhood by refusing to bow at the shrine
of upstart selfishness and parvenue authority.
We mention the lady and the personal phases of the
case only to illustrate the methods which are dis
turbing our schools. She is unknown to us, and her
case is interesting only as a type and her treatment
only as a symptom. •
It is hardly thinkable that members of a board
should not only work up a false case against such a
teacher, and prejudge while pretending to fairly try
it, but also accompany the rendering of. an unjust
judgment by personal taunts. The members of that
board might be ignorant of their duties, as most of
them are,. out of touch with the spirit of our public
schools, as some of them are, and by reason of in
firmity of temper, sordid prejudice, lack of judicial
mind unfit to sit in judgment, as they all are; but it
is too much to find them also wanting, in the human
ity that must inspire the character of man and
woman, else it is not gentle, no matter what the
length a pedigree may have.
: The lady had in early life by her own will and exer
tions prepared herself for her profession. Her inheri
tance was poverty, in a material sense, but in a higher
sense she inherited from her ancestry a firmness of
purpose and a genius for work that are better than es
tates and bank accounts. Her career for years was
distinguished by success of the most gratifying na
ture* and in spite of all the errors and / sometimes
crimes of school boards her high merit. held her in
the schools. I*-: ; . :
Finally her place so well filled was wanted by the
favorite of a millionaire, and under hxs imperious in
fluence she was transferred to the plafe where the
present board found her. and whence' it has expelled
her, unlawfully and irregularly. It is said ' that the
president of this board even taunted her that she had
sprung from the loins of labor, and therefore would
of course accept injustice and misfortune with a feel
ing less keen than if "gently reared." The daughter
of the people will probably accept whatever comes,
and she will as probably test the issue whether there
is justice in the courts and a defense against the snob
bery and lawlessness of this board.
SCHOOL POLITICS.
THE case of Miss McKcnzie, summarily and ir
regularly dismissed from \ the schools of this
city, may well cause alarm in all teachers who
are not in possession of a "pull."
But nowhere has the soil gone back to nature, or
farming ceased with the passing of wheat, nor will
this happen in California.
We know how hard it is to turn the practiced wheat
raiser away to other crops, but if the problem of
prices and freights prove : insoluble by any persua
sion the wheat-growers can bring to bear on the rail
roads or ship-owners, and they cannot use the river
as suggested, we see nothing in the future except a
change. It is useless to take a pessimistic view of
this necessity. It has" been upon the people of other
States, and has been manfully' met without harm to
the fortunes of individuals or injury to the prestige of
the commonwealth. Every part of the United States
that is_growing wheat must soon or late face the same
situation. The famous wheat fields of seventy-five
years ago are famous nb 'more. • Who 1 hears of the
Genesee wheat of New York, that once had world
wide fame? The soft wheats of Minnesota and the
Red River of the North are declining,' and last year
the mills of Minneapolis had to run on wheat im
ported from Kansas. The latter State stumbled on a
variety of Russian. wheat brought by some immi
grants that was the means of recovery; of her posi
tion as a wheat-grower after all American varieties
had palled on her soil.
The lesson of the wheat-growing situation seems to
be a change of rural industries. On account of our
climate we have a wide range' from which to make
selection. We are doing almost nothing in textile
plants, while there is no' known reason why hemp and
flag: should not be ' profitable, or that experiments
with jute and ramie would not succeed. Our large
importation of cured pork products. should stimulate
hog-raising, which goes well with dairying, and is
not unnaturally associated with fruit farming. If we
are to "be protected against cane sugar from the islands
there is a call upon California sugar beets, the richest
in saccharine in the world, to supply the whole Amer
ican demand for that article. With irrigation other
root crops on a large scale are possible, arid as a
resource for stock feeding should be profitable.
It is evident that wheat exhausts soils in Califor
nia. The straw seldom goes into the manure heap to
be returned to the ground, and the assimilation of
manures, where irrigation is not used, is not- as feas
ible here as in' the v East.
that dairying returns to the soil .a larger proportion
of the plant food it takes therefrom than any other
form of agriculture.
THE SAN FEAKCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY, 31, 1901.
NOME STEAMERS NOW LAND THEIR
PASSENGERS AND FREIGHT ON ICE
6
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. rjmbeen & Co.— Monday. August 12, at 12 o'clock.
Heal Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
Wilhelma rf Magdeburg
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the Slst day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the .Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed ai per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: ....'
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash S750.000 00
ASSETS. *~ ~ —*
Real Estate owned by Company.... {918.7U 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortsag-es.... 9.505,150 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 41, M« 75
Cash In Company's Office 6,055 II)
Cash In Banks 66.4S1 79
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17(96
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion (31,45189
Dills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 10,530 88
Due from other Companies for R#~ -
Insurance on losses already paid. 1.163.599 45
Total Asset .....fl3.250.129 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suwpense $34.863 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 10<J per cent n,i« oo
Gross premiums on Marine Time .
Risks. $ ; reinsurance SO
per cent :""U :• 7«,430 50
Liability under other Branches 10,739,263 15
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid. m c
Due for Reinsurances 21,808 97
Total Liabilities 1 $11,024,031 37
INCOME. v
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $S7S.«73 M
Received for interest on Bonds and ••
Mortgages 360,500 65
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond?, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources .• M.S3* 36
Received from all other sources.... 2,498.03* 40
Total Income $3,433,769 39
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
. (Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) ' $498 938 53
Paid or allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage tsjft «
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. • 28,783 27
Paid for State, National and Local
tax*s S.319 2s
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1.439.S71 20
Total Expenditures '.. $2,m,isa 37
' . ,, . Marine.
Losi>es Incurred durlnst the year.. 4 $520,851 23
Marine
nisks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net - amount of Risks
written . during the
•'yew $2»,2S4.S39 $669,921 S7
amount, of Risks . • .
expired during the
y'-* r ••"• 228.518.170 .658.495 21
N*t amount In force < ... . , ,• -:
December 31. ,1900..... 8.988.804 107.573 50
TH.\DAMMANN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
I da7 of May. 1501. , • . \
WILHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public.
IGUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
3O3 CALIFORNIA ST; %
1 As a dressing and color restorer, Parker's Hair
Balsam never falls to satisfy. '¦' - _
' ' Hladercorns.' the best cure for corns. IS cts. '
Catching the scarlet fever 13 a rash act.
The positive man is comparatively su-
perlative.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
gomery street. Telephone Alain ,1042. •
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. -Look
out for SI 4tb, front of barber and grocery.*
candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
STATEMENT
OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' ¦ 0
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY _ t
OP MAGDEBURG. IN THE STATBJ OB»\
Prussia, on the Slst day of December. A. D*
1900 and for the year ending on that, day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner at th«
Stats of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections (10 and 811 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
CasB ,'• I7TO.0OO W
ASSETS. 3
Real Estate owned by Company.... $334,139 $7
Loans on Bonds and Mortffagea 1.260 028 01
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and *** ow ' u-o u *
Bonds owned by Company 1.624.8X0 M
Cash In Companys^Offlce... 1 «M 51
Cash In Banks J4V43? 37
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7 24? M
Premiums In dua Course of Collec- *
tton -••••••.••••..•........•.........,.. 2SS.4OS 43
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 433, jm j>
Total Assets t4.780.1H SI
LIABILITIES. '
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 1333.7a a
Gross premiums on 'Fire Risks run-
ntns one year or less. $ ...;
reinsurance BO per cent 1 SS1.751 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, f ;
reinsurance pro rata 199 953 33
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... "Vso 00
All other liabilities * S38.943 3»
Total Liabilities $2, 773,153 17
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Flr« \
premiums $4,410 TJ1 S3 '
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ,;...., 47,70073
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources (4 373 33
Received for Rents 17801 99
Received from all other sources.... S4,'6O3 23
Total Income J4.S74.9S9 94.
/ EXPB>TDITtmE3. !
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including: S342.048 66, losses of pre-
vious years) ....„ $3 (M7 007 41
Dividends to Stockholders 22»!ooO 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage SM (T4 9?
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
chanten for officers, clerks, etc.... 173.1S1 17
Paid for State. National and Local
tares -...;.; m 2S1 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures i 175.243 94
Total Expenditure! $4,493,708 53
. H. VATKE. President. ~"
Subscribed and sworn to 'before m/'thU 1 8tS
day of April. 130L MAX J. BUELER.
U. S. Consul.
GUTTE & Fl*ANK, Managers,
303 CALIFORNIA ST. •
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agent,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
Si FIGEL & SON, Y. D . EHRHARDT
SOLICITORS.
THE WEEKLY CALlJ
Call subscribers contemplating a change ef
resldeaee durlnir the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by- mall to their slew
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resort* and la represented by a local agent lm
all towns on tbe coast.
f 0 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Caee of Rebellious Susan."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville. '
Columbia— "Oarrett O'Mach."
- Alcazar— "The Adventures of Nell Owynna."
Grand Opera-houne— "The Senator."
Central— "The Enslsn."
Tlvoll— "Alda."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer 1 *— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — StrlmmlncThe synodical quarterly meeting of the
ladles of St. John's Presbyterian Church
was held yesterday morning and after
noon In the church parlors. The morning
was given over to the reports from the
eex-eral synodical secretaries. At noon a
luncheon was p«*rved. In the afternoon
Mies Dora M. Fieh told of her work with
the mountain children in Marshall. N. C,
and Miss Minnie M. Shaver described th©
work being done at the Indian reservation
at Tucson. Art*. Mrs. R. B. Goddard.
president of the synod, presided at the
session.
Synodical Quarterly Meeting.
The third trial of Cornelius Manning on
the charge of murder for throwing a
flighted lamp at Mrs. Mary Kennedy In his
" mother's house, 2141 Jones street, on July
4, 18?9, causing her death, was commenced
before Judge Lawlor and a jury yester
day. The witnesses examined were Dr.
Joseph Cagrlleri. Dr. H. S. Morrison. Dr.
Artlgues and Paul Kennedy, husband of
the murdered woman. Kennedy's testi
mony was direct. He and his wife and
niece were in Mrs. Manning's house spenn
lng the evening-, he said, -when Manning:
came home drunk and quarrelsome. He
wanted to strike his mother and was held
down on the sofa by Kennedy and his
wife till he promised to behave. Soon aft
erward he threw the lighted lamp at Mrs.
Kennedy.
Manning's Third Trial.
The League Club, an assembly of young
men of the League of the Cross Cadets,
is making preparations for its initial en
tertainment and dance at Odd Fellows'
Hall on Friday evening, August 30. A first
class programme of high-class talent will
appc-ar and no expense will be spared to
make the first affair a grand success.
The League Club was organized some
time ago by the pleasure-seeking mem
bers of the regiment, and it is their in
tention to hold these affairs once a month.
J. E. McCormack. author of "Quo Vadis
Upside Down," has written a new version
of this laugh-producing sketch, in which
Frank Gilson will shine as 'a German
comedian. George Shaw, the local favor
ite, will be seen in the new role of Lydgia,
The affair is in the hands of an active
committee *nd success is assured. Danc
ing will close the evening's entertainment.
Members of the League Club to Ap
pear in a Clever
Sketch.
AMATEURS WILL PRODUCE
"QUO VADIS UPSIDE DOWN"
by Commercial Men.
William N. Schuster and Charles A.
Conant. representing the tariff and finan
cial bureaus of the War- Department and
more particularly the division of insular
affair*, have arrived In this city on their
way to the Philippines, where they will
cO-operate with the Civil Commission.
Yesterday they were the guests of honor
of President Newhall of the Chamber of
Commerce at the Merchants' Club. Others
who were present were A. A. Watkins, G.
\V. McNear, A. Sbarboro, F. J. Symmes,"
H. F. Allen, AV. M. Bunker. C. H. Bent
ley and E. Scott, representing- the vari
ous commercial bodies of San Francisco.
Addresses were made by different mem
bers of the party, which developed many
new facts relative to local trade relations
•with the Philippines.
In connection with the affair Secretary
Scott of the Chamber of Commerce says:
"From the remarks of Messrs. Schuster
and Conant it was easy to see that the
administration Is keen on the commercial
development of the Philippines and appre
ciates the advantage of a closer commer
cial connection between the islands and
San Francisco."
William Schuster and diaries Conant
of War Department Entertained
GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS
EN ROUTE TO TAR EAST
The grand chiefs made the following ap
pointments: C. Bolsdorff, grand marshal;
P. H. Rulffs, grand herald: A. Ansel,
prand guide; E. Maack, grand left guide;
Henry Schultz, grand right guard, and
William Geistlich. grand outside guard.
These, together with the elected officers,
were installed fcy Past Grand Chiefs J. B.
Relnhardt, L. Krumb, J. Rumetsch and
J. Beck.
After the clearing of the roll. Past
Grand Chief J. A. Falkenstein, on behalf
of the Grand Lodge, returned thanks to
the retiring grand officers for the effective
work done by them during the past year.
In the evening a banquet was tendered
to the outgoing and new officers. There
were present, besides the officers and the
delegates, the lady members of the ban
Francisco Lodge of Pocahontas and a
number of the lady friends and members
and officers of the grand body. About 1&0
persons enjoyed a most excellent supper,
after which there were a number of ad
dresses on varlou« topics and songs by a
j:'«'e club and the entire aggregation of
Rod Men and their friends. The principal
speaker* of the evening were, V. Bremer,
P. H. Schreiber. John Wunder. F. Schu
macher. M. FuetKcher, J. Gutbcrlet, J.
Kumetsch and D. Con.
In the past there has been variance In
the manner of conferring degrees and
this has led to some confusion, so here
after every one admitted Into the order
will take the degrees In strict conformity
with the ritual. Those who have been
chosen from the subordinate lodges to as
sist the grand officers are: R. Muller, B.
A. Sammann, H. H. Muldenhauer, F.
Schumacher. H. Hoock, P. Neumann, C.
Beck, F. Ulsemmer, J. J. Feldman, J.
Joeremann, J. Frisky, A- Ansel, R, Bell
and C. Fleisher.
The Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Red Men, the German order,
closed Its labors yesterday. There were
the adoption of one important amendment
and some minor changes In the laws. The
important one was the creation of an
executive council composed of 'the elected
crand officers and one past chief from
each of the subordinate lodges. This
council ¦will meet every three months to
discuss those matters which are for the
best Interests of the order and to confer
the degrees on candidates so that the
work shall be done uniformly. . -
Creation of an Executive
Council and Banquet
in the Evening.
Adjournment of Grand
Lodge of German
Red Men.
CONCLUDES ITS
ANNUAL WORK
BERLIN, July 30.— The' United States
training, ship Enterprise and the Massa
chusetts training " ship Hartford arrived
this afternoon at Kiel. A third American
vessel , will arrive at Kiel this afternoon.
American Training ' Ships at Kiel.
LONDON, July 30.— At a great Protes
tant meeting held -to-night in St: James
Hall, London, Lord Kinnard presiding
a ¦ resolution was adopted protesting
against the change in the King's acces
sion declaration. It was also decided to
address a memorial embodying the reso
lution to the House of Commons.
King's Accession' Declaration.
Southern Pacific to Issue Bonds.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The Mail and
Express says: The Southern Pacific Com
pany is about to. issue from $10,000,000 to
$1^,000.000 of new bonds to be used largely
for making the change in motive power
on the Texas and California lines from
coal to oil, for constructing pipe lines to
transfer oil and for oil properties which
the company has acquired, or is about to
acquire, in order. to guarantee abundant
supplies for years to come.
Among the injured are L, J. Schmidt
of Kansas City, cut badly on face and
hands; w, H. Kelsey, cut on head, face
and hands; Charles Smith of Topeka,
Kans., bruised on face and hands; J. V.
i 3r <? ck ,- 2 nd wife of Kansas City, bruised:
John Chaney of Chanute. Kans., face and
hand bruised; D. B. Redman, Balleyvlile,
Kans., fnco and kneo cut; John Droplc
man, Axtoll, Kans., knee cut, other
bruises; M. Cullock, Pueblo, Colo., hand
cut; Neil McCarty. Lacey, O. T.. hand cut;
— Elkerey, Jewell,. Kans., head und arm
cut; Martin Hart,. Medford, O. T., two
ribs broken; G. H. Shotund, Victor, Colo.,
arm broken; K. Raub. North •tfopekn,
head bruised, severe, and J. O. Crcedan
Axtell, Kans., right leg injured.
C. L. McLAIN, Enid, O. T.
KREMLIN, O. T., July 30.— The north
bound Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
passenger train No. 2, which left El Reno
at' 7 o'clock, three hours late, crowded
with departing homeseekers, jumped the
track and was wrecked while going at full
speed two miles south of hero at 1:45 p. m.
The baggage, smoker and one passenger
coach were toppled over. One man was
killed and twenty-four persons Injured,
none fatally. Tho dead:
Jumps th.e Track While
Traveling Along at
Full Speed.
CROWDED TRAIN
BADLY WRECKED
RECEIVER MIES
GRAVE CHARGES
Says That Shareholders
of a Defunct Concern
Were Robbed.
LONDON, July 30.— At the first meeting
of creditors to-day and at a subsequent
meeting of the shareholders of the Stand
ard Exploration Company one of the min
ing concerns known as the "Whittaker-
Wright Group," the official receiver made
such astounding revelations that he drew
from the excited shareholders demands for
the lynching of the persons implicated.
The receiver said that the estimated as
sets were farcical. The fourteen mines,
valued at £767,000, had earned nothing.
The company started with a cash capital
of £r>00,000. but the directors took little
interest in the company's mines and de
voted themselves to stock exchange spec
ulation. "And that'8 where your money
has Rone." said the receiver. "£228,000
was lost In differences In Lake Erie spec
ulation and £225,000 was lost in differences
in Caledonian copper. The total profits
Seavey of Auburn, George W. Lovio of
Redwood City, Henry A. Chase, Colonel
A. A. Andrews and James G. Smith of
San Francisco. The holdovers are Josiah
Sims of Nevada City, E. B. Wilson of Sac
ramento and Frederick Brandt of San
Francisco. A rule of the order is to make
the outgoing great sachem a representa
tive, and if that rule is followed at the
coming session F. D. Brandon will be ac
corded that honor and the contest for the
two vacancies will be between the past
great sachems named.
SOME GREAT CHIEFS OF THE
GREAT COUNCIL, IMPROVED
ORDER OF RED MEN.
HE next convocation of the Great
1 Council of the Improved Qrder of
I Red Men of the reservation of
H California will be held in the "long «
house" of the order on Post street
on the 13th sun of the sturgeon moon,
which in ordinary English means Au
gust 13.
All the great chiefs, in high fettle, and
the representatives from the various
tribes will be present at the kindling of.
the council fire and will listen to the long
and the short talks that are to be made
by the great chiefs while following the
hunt- . «
In the matter of the choice of great
chiefs for the next great sun, F. D. Bran
don, by virtue of his present chleftancy,
will become "be great prophet or "spirit
ual adviser of the great council; James S.
Boyes, great senior sagamore, is in line
of advancement to the position of great <
sachem: J. R. Tyrell, great junior, will be
advanced to great senior sagamore. There
is likely to be a spirited contest in the
"long house" for the position of great .
junior sagamore. The known aspirants are
Thomas R. Roche of San Francisco and
C. S. Davis of Angels Camp, with possibly
two or three more to hear from. Porter
R. Bliss, great chief of records, and "W. J.
Smith, great keeper of wampum, will be
re-elected without opposition. Three rep
resentatives to the great council of the
United States are to be chosen and for
these positions there are named O. F.
There will also be a contest in the De
gree of Pocahontas for a handsome, ban
ner for the best adoption work. The
teams that- have entered from the coun
cils are those lrom Pocahontas, Alfarata
and Ramona of San Francisco. Yosemite
of Alameda and Oleta of Crockett.
There are three great trustees to be
elected, but for that office there is never
any great contest.
At the same. 1 ime there will be a session
of the great council of- the Degree of P.o
cahontas, which is the ladies branch of
the order. This order has twenty-two coun
cils throughout the California reservation,
¦ five having been added during the last
great sun. Its membership is about 1800,
a net gain of about 350 having been made
during the. past twelve moons. The offi
cers of the great council are: Jennie Wel
sel, great Pocahontas; Minnie Rew, great
Wenonah; Kate Wilson, great Mlnneha
ha; Annie E. Gillgreat, prophetess; Mrs.
E. J. Brazille, great keeper of records,
and Miss K. A. Keane, great keeper of
wampum. This order, like the parent one,
is a beneficial one, working on the same
lines, and in the last year has done* a
great deal of good for its members.
The special features during the session
of the two orders will be a grand ball to
be given on the night of August 12 in Me
chanics' Pavilion, and a contest by teams
of the following tribes in the adoption de
gree: Manzanlta, Modoc, Pocahontas and
Bald Eagle of San Francisco; Red Jacket
of Sacramento and Pawnee of Alameda.
Suit has been filed by, the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery ' Association and the Masonic
Cemetery Association 1 to restrain the
Board of Health, the Board of Supervisors
and the ' police from enforcing the ordi
nance prohibiting burials within the city
limits after August 1. The case has been
assigned to Judge Seawell for hearing. '
Resists Cemetery Ordinance.
-Henry Ferguson, a riveter employed at
the Risdon Iron Works, fell from the roof
of a building, a ; distance of fifteen feet,
yesterday. He was removed to the Emer
gency ; Hospital, * where his injuries ' were
ascertained to : be not of a serious charac
ter. Ferguson resides at 35 . Lexington
avenue. < .
Ferguson . Fell Fifteen Feet.
John H. Gerino. Charles J. Richards,
Henry Egbert *and Carl W. von Tlede
mann have brought suit to compel the
State Board of Medical Examiners to Is
sue to them certificates to prac
tice medicine in this State. The
plaintiffs are graduates ot the Pacific^
Coast Regular, College of Medicine, and
allege that the Board of Examiners, re
fused to grant them certificates on the
ground that the college named was not in
good standing, which claim, the, petition
ers aver, is not based on fact.
Want to Practice. Medicine.
He Was a Pioneer and Won Fame as
a Politician, Lawyer and
; -'^ ¦'¦''¦¦: Journalist.
Ex-Senator James Henry Lawrence, a
pioneer of '49, passed away at the McNutt
Hospital last Monday night. The deceased
was a member of the historical Lawrence
family of Massachusetts, and : came to
California in 1849, after serving In the
Mexican War. He distinguished himself
in legal, political and journalistic circles
and hold office under Governors Irwln and
Johnson. As nn organizer and platform
builder Senator Lawrence received the
personal thanks of ex-President Cleve
land; Aa a regular contributor to the dally
press of this city and Eastern magazines
Senator Lawrence was well known.
Senator Lawrence was married to the
daughter of the late Judge Tingley, who,
with n daughter, Constance, survive him.
Tho funeral services will tajce place to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from St.
John's Presbyterian Church, corner of
California and Octavia streets.
EX-SENATOR J. H. LA WHENCE
IS CALLED TO HIS REST
ture on the Orient.
A most interesting stereopticon lecture
was delivered last evening by Assistant
Superintendent of the Free Postal Deliv
ery System James W. Erwin at the Met
ropolitan Temple. The lecture was given
for the benefit of Percy H. Millberry, a
postal clerk, Who was recently stricken
with typhoid fever while camping in the
Yosemite Valley. I
Mr. Erwin's lecture was entitled "In the
Lands of the Jap, the Chino and the Fili
pino " and more than 200 beautiful
views were thrown upon the large screen.
The address of Mr. Erwin was replete
with pleasing anecdotes of his visit to
the Orient, and he was accorded a hearty
welcome by the large audience. Miss
Hattie Kleinhaupt and M. Klelnhaupt
rendered a few vocal selections and Clif
ford McGlellan recited in the intervals of
the lecture.
Mr Erwin leaves to-morrow for the
Hawaiian Islands to establish a free de
livery system in the city of Honolulu, and
will not' return for four weeks. ¦
James W. Erwin Delights a Large
Audience With Illustrated Lec-
BENEFIT IS GIVEN FOB
STRICKEN" POSTAL CLERK
Second Performance of Old Grand
Opera Favorites, Who Are
Warmly Welcomed.
"Rlgolotto," second bill of the Tlvoli
grand opera season, last night introduced
to another overflowing house the second
contingent of the Tlvoli artists for the
season— Ropctto, Poletini, Russo and Fer
rari.
Rigoletto was excellently done by Fer
rari, who received an ovation, and whoso
fine barytone is in admirable trim. The
mercurial little tenor, Russo, is naturally
castas the Duke of Mantua, and he sings,
as usual, with fire, sweetness and utmost
facility. He is a graceful figure as the
Duke, but plays altogether too much to
the gallery, creating a quite illegitimate
amusement in the last act. His perform
ance is utterly out of key there. But he
can sing! 'And there Is no doubt as to
his appreciation by the audience.
Repetto, the little pocket Melba, is as
charming a little artist as ever, and sang
'most delightfully' as Gllda, in that fine,
.pure, sweet, small voice of hers. Her
"Caro Nome" was beautifully given and
lavishly applauded,- and she received
many flowers as tangible appreciation of
her efforts. Poletini- repeated her last
year's good Magdalena, and Nlcolinl sang
and acted the small part of Sparafucile
to admiration. . .
The orchestral work was not up to Mon
day night's high level, being almost con
sistently overloud throughout, especially
in the violins, and more particularly in Re
petto's'solos and duets with Russo and,
Ferrari. Neither was the ensemble so
good, but it will doubtless be all right
on its second rendering to-morrow even-
Ing. To-night "Alda" will be given. •
"RIGOLETTO" ATTRACTS
BIO AUDIENCE TO TIVOLI
"When Payne's syndicate secures control
of the 'Equitable Gas Company and the
Central Light and Power Company it will
join issues with the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company and its present
ally, the Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany, and rates will be put up to the old
basis.
Payne does not represent the Baltimore
syndicate that recently purchased the
San Mateo and Sutter-street car lines.
The Pepper and Register syndicate of
Baltimore purchased the car lines men
tioned and It can be stated authoritatively
that this syndicate will not invest a sin
gle cent in any gas or electric light stock
in San Francisco, notwithstanding state
ments to the contrary.
Payne recently put up a forfeit of $20,
000 to neoure the property of the Equitable
Gas Company and the Central Light and
Powav Company. The Eastern capitalists
he repreients are prepared to pay the
purchase price for the two companies
within ninety days. The plants of the
companies will be improved and a com
bine will then be formed with the San
Francisco Gas and Electri* Company and
its aid; tho Pacific Gasr .Improvement
Company.
It was predicted last evening that when
this combing takes place customers of
tho consolidated companies will be forced
to boar "nil the traffic will stand."
Paynels syndicate will not wage war
againstlthe San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company and the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company. The two latter
companies have for a long time worked
hand in hand. . The Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company is only to cut gas rates
where the mains o€ the Equitable Com
pany supply, consumers. The San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company will not
reduce its rates In its own territory.
Despite every effort to keep secrecy ' It
was learned last evening on positive au
thority that an important deal is nearing
consummation in connection with the
affairs of the Equitable Gas Company
and the Central Light and Power Com
pany, both of which concerns will shortly
pass into the hands of a Baltimore syndi
cate, represented by W. J. Payne, who Is
now in the city.
When Combine Is Formed an
Increased Tariff Will
Prevail.
Statements of Proposed
Rate Cutting Are
, for Effect.
CAS COMPANIES
TO POOL ISSUES
"WASHINGTON. July 30.— Captain Rock
well has been ordere"d to the Mare Island
Navy Yard to relieve'' Captain Forsy the,
captain of the yard, who is ordered home.
LOS ANGELES, .July 30.— The special
license tax which the Council proposed to
levy on merchants and business men of
Los Angeles, and which was designed to
remedy a $50,000 deficit in the city treas
ury, hai been held up for two weeks. <
A commttee from the Merchants and
Manufacturers' - Association suggested
that the deficit be met by the transfer
to the general fund of a^ sufficient sum
from the money raised for the payment
of Interest on the recent issue of water
bonds. These bonds have been declared
Invalid, and the -tax levy cannot be used
for the purpose for which it was raised.
It is claimed that under similar circum
stances the city officials of San Fran
cisco diverted money raised for a special
fund, and It is to investigate this case
that a stay is granted. - ¦ .
-* ¦ > ' * ¦ ' -V3 ; i
Ordered to Hare Island. Navy Yard.
ing Tip a Deficit Meets "With
Objection.
MERCHANTS OPPOSED
TO THE SPECIAL TAX
Los Angeles Council's Flan for Mak-
NEW YORK, July 30.— All the facts re
lating to the detention of the Hamburg-
American ship Allegheny at ¦ Cartagena
and the arrest of Abel Murrlllo are by
this time in all probability in the posses
sion of the German Government. ETmll
Boas, agent of the Hamburg-American
line, said to-day that he had cabled the
facts as reported to him to the Home
Office last night.
At the German Consulate In this city It
was stated that no official report had
been received from Captain Low of the
Allegheny or the Hamburg-American of
ficials.
Consul General Arturlo de.Brigard of
the Colombian Government will forward
all the Information to-day in his posses
sion to the Colombian legation at Wash*
ington. rV'W.
the Agent of the Steamer
Line.
Pacts Cabled to the Home Office by
GERMANY IS NOTIFIED*
OF COLOMBIAN- INSULTS
"Yes, they are," came the answer, and
Immediately thoae present rose to their
feet, somebody shouting "Lynch them!"
It was an exciting moment for Lord Pel
harn-Cllnton, Genercl Gough-Calthorpe
an<Tothers, who were attending the meet
ing. A* storm o'f angry cries and hisses
broke out but the receiver finally suc
ceeded In calming the shareholders by
promising them every protection possible.
from speculations are £38,000 and the
losses are £536,000."
After a few more such statements,
which a shareholder said "would stagger
humanity," another shareholder asked the
receiver to prevent the directors from
making away with their property as It
was reported they were doing.
"Are these men still at liberty?" shout
ed another shareholder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 31, 1901.
Representatives From the Tribes in the Reservation of
California Will Assemble Around Council Fire at the
Rising of the Sun Session During the Sturgeon Moon
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN TO MEET
IN THE "LONG HOUSE" IN THIS CITY
7
o K 2 O o> *d
s f s n -3 i| **
STATIONS. 3 || -11 *§ |J P|
Attorla ;.....S0.1! CS M NW aoudy 0
k»k*r ....;~.2S.M) M 6« NW Clear 0
C»r*on S».74 Ma W Cloudy 0
Kun-ka SC.OSM U> NB^Cloudy T.
TreuRo t>.TS Id CS NW Cloudy T.
FlM^taff SO.CJ TS IS NW Cloudy .0}
Pofatfllo. Idaho.. .».?« 105 6S.W Clear - 0
Iiirtr|i("iii<'iici> J9.TJ M, TI Hn Cloudy 03
Un* Antrele* S9.s« s< «j w Clear T,
I'hwnti ..,.?>."« 100 I< W ¦ Cloudy ,0}
IV'rtiand. ....... ....so.oo TS M NW 1't.Cldy 0
k<hi muff. »,»8 n u sw eiou<ty t;
»{<>j««.hui-t....,.,....Si t 94 t\ *i S Cloudy *
Pei-rmiin.u. ..J 1 ?.!* SO U HW ClottOy 0
K«lt I*ke ,^»,?s M Tt W Clear 0
Hhn MiiikWpo t».M «i «1 W Cloudy T,
Ran Kui9OU!»jyij,.r».W> m m .. IM.CJdy T.
kttnl'ir 3 o ;.».$« 73 e« W Clear 0
•»
-
STATIONS.
as
C M
I 3
m
n ¦
: 3
o
or
a 3
CO
HZ
si ¦
It
~3
San Jose S3
HolliFter 80
Palermo.... 100
Xapa 78
Hanford 100
Ventura 77
60
53
65
SI
78
59
N
s
N
flf ESS ifftiil B Most I Bftfl ¦KB
Send for a sample of Mel-
lin's Food and our book,
"The Care and Feeding of
Infants." The book tells
you how to use Mellin's
Food. It also has valuable
information * in regard to
the nursery.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
VULU fiVl 01 A LEADING THEATRE
LAST FIVE NIOHTS-iTATINEE SAT.
The Distinguished Irish Comedian.
MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT 0'MAGH.
"Written by AUGUSTUS PTTOU. Manager.
Hear OLCOTT'8 NEW SONG3.
Laat Performances Sunday Night.
PRICES THIS WEEK-2SO to tl 50.
Begr. NEXT MONDAY, Aug. 5, .
Charles Frohman'a
EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY,
Presentina; Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play.
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE,
Box and Seat Salejegins TO-MORROW
TVTr-npp I During tht Empire Theater Co.
lyij I L. * Emra*em*nt Following Price*
Will Prevail; 13. >1 SO. It. 75c. 80c. 88o and i5c
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). JUX/T SI.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE
FROM THE NEW AND OLD WORLD!
MOHSSO-SALVAGGI TROUPE. ALEXAN-
DRA DAGMAR. STANTON AND MO-
DEXA, THE 3 BROOKLTN3. MXTRPHY
AND NICHOLLS, ARRAS AND ALICE.
ED F. REYNARD. AMETA AND THE
BIOGRAPH. SHOWING THE LAUNCH-
ING OP THE SHAMROCK II.
Evenlnzs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 3.
A TREMENDOUS OVATION J
OPENING WEEK OF THE
Grand Opera Season
A T jpV A Monday, Wednesday,
r\ JL aJr Jn. Friday and Saturday.
Din AI DTT A Tuesday.Thursday,
KIUULC 1 I U Saturday Matinee
amB and Sunday*
'——POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc. 60c. 73c '
¦ • Telephone Bush 9.
i — PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT.——
F.VERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AKD SUNDAY.
T. DANIBL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
"THE SENATOR"
- By David Llcyd and Sydney Rosenfeld.
The Beat American Comedy Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. ISc. 23c. 50c. 73e .
Good Orchestra Seats AH Matinees. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK '.."THE TOLL GATE INN"
4THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY.
A BEAUTIFUL PERFORilANCE.-
MR. JAMSS AND THE
/ V W i 4 M ikwibw COMPANY.
Presenting This Week
The Case of Rebellions Sasan
By Henry Arthur Jones.
SPFfTAT BARGAIN MATINEES Every
jrCUAL Thursday, 23c tad SOc reserved
EVE 25c. J5c. EOc. 73c. St
SAT. MAT .; 23c. SOc. 75O
SEATS NOW READY.
Next Sunday Evenlnrf-'THE AMAZONS."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
CHUTES AN1DZOO WiSSJJ?
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
\ LUNETTE. THE MAID OP THE AIR. 1
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
THE A MA TEURS
And a LADIES* SKIPPING ROPE CONTEST.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»E1>1 NIGHTS^
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5o
Bathing (Including admission) 23c. Children 20a.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUti OFflNATOHY
£> lC51JIASSZTST.l9t.6:i*7A.C.P.C*l.
fcjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
World. Weaknesses or any contracted
SeCT £fW * se *? e l»"HI'"ljtared by the oldest
#55 VQ I s P«ialist <"> i^= Coist Est. 36 years.
/(S^l DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
ff^]^3 l n Consultation free and strictly private,
f JtrfQif H Treatment . personally or by letter. A
a W <1 M Positiva Cure in every case undertaken.
IP If II © Write for Book. PUILOSOl'IIV of
II II D4nBMGE, HAILED FREE. ( A
Q fl, valuabls book for mm)
DR. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Mark?t St.S. F.
DR.MEYERS&CO.'
Specialist. Disease g?jsz30*'
and weakness of v^sSif y
men. Established !§&£ l^s^'Hf^
1SS1. Consultation ffSsf
and private book " » I
free, at office or by *Wgr //^Ssi
mail. Cures guar- \M^t0S^^
anteed. T31 Alar- r3j£*5*££j??-3S3i'
ket street (eleva- Ak'^^^^^/W %
tor entrance), San /ot\/_3wS&^3**
Lfidics' Shoes
'""^fc are rnade of ilia finest materials by
mMayM/'^frSi \Jy . Mf %\J\J skilled -workmen. Othor shoes may
re^SMglgBSq *^^ have merit, but Glorias for $3.50
Are the. Best Made.
the foot, aro easy and comfortable,
11111^ We Are Sole Agents
\j 3^-^^>*£Jf'fi!3SSS^^BS»bafc»^ and carry every up-to-date style
in Vicl kid, patent leather box calf
:i^^aEBtSg^ and velour calf. Turns or welts.
-p-T- -J3 50 1 B. KA TSCHINSKI,
i Ntc • • • gr Philadelphia shoe co.,
\Jr ' 10 Third St., San Francisco.
PALACE -^ ;>^
These hotels possess
AND ' the attributes that tour-
<r " w . ists ana travelers ap-
fD A MTl predate— central loca-
UKiUHD r tion, liberal manace-
HATCT C * merit, modern appoint-
I1U 1 HL J. ments and perfect cul-
. Bine.
San American and JCur o-
*^^ pean plans. - ¦
Francisco.
If - This Great Trala B
ra Ann 13
m <#tnu runs but twlct y
if ptr week during n
1 THURSDAY tt ™ I
U T *. c Leaving at 9 am, I
I THE It arrives In |
ciiifOBSuErr^
I HUITEh ~~ I
1 LI ill 1 1 tU Its htfl» stated fi
H Of senrico Is H
I ON fully maintain*. |
ll |[ I
Em / HI
f*Bh CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
A/flJ^^Mv for CHlCHKSTER-S 3CTGUCSH
W iA *J*4JKS5v ln mn<1 Gold metafile bozn. aealH
J3k -g^ws» with blue ribboa. Tnbono other. RefnM
jt\ 3^ *£vj nenccroas fiutatitailod* and Imlta*
I / ~ fly tlons. Eoy of jour Srngrijt. or tmd 4c. la
I S. «« ""WAA'. Partly Inr* T«-.tlra»nlul»
\W fp «"** "Keller for Ladle*." <n U«t«r.b/ r*.
_X IT turn Mall. 1 n.o«#n Testimonials. SoMbj
— -U sUDruKlati. Clilch e»tcr Chemical Co_
Uectlon this paper. ilrtdlxoa ixnarc I'll 1LA.. t\£
|£j!|jt|^9? INJECTION. . I
I A PERMANENT CURE I
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
• 2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 j
S days ; nc other treatment required. S
% - Sold by all drsggiEts. 5
AMUSEMENTS.
ols'f H MAT R wT*4 r
ANOTHER WINNER! LAST 5 NIGHTS.
A Splendid Revival.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
"The Adventures of
Seats ISc, 25c, 33c, 6Cc and 73c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— "CAMIL.LE."
B£LASCQA"°THAl£B^tfft£
•^fea^M-" 1 "*l UttSit CITY tUi.1
TO-NIGHT EVERY EVENING THIS "WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous and Magnificent 1 Production of th«
Great Naval Drama,
THE ENSIGN
JAMES M. BROPHY In his favorite role aa the
' Ensign Ben Baird.
An Unusually Strong? Cast.
pDlfCC Evenings..... 10c, 25c, 33c. Mo
1U1VLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
NEXT WEEK— "MONTE CRISTO."_
FISCHER'S concert house.
CHARITY MARTIN. PIETRO BUZZI; G. S.
; Wanrell. Mabel Rutherford. Jennie Metzler,
Nellie Bruce. Hopper and Hopper and Karl
and Bayle.
i Reserved Seats, lie. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.Continued oa Png« Eleven.
WHEAT— Receipts, 310,650 bushels: . exports,
11,431 ¦ bushels. Spot >etronc: No. J red. 76V&C
f . o. b, afloat ; No. 3 red," 74>,4c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 77c f.'o.'b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 85UQ f. o. b. afloat. -Options were
generally Arm nil <lny on active covering:, im
pelled l>y rumors of rain, In France, a bis ex
port trade, hlsh.tr Paris wheat markets, liberal
clearances, forelsn buying and 1 a large Wall
street .trade. olo«-v<| strong:, KtfUiu net a<l
vanro. July. Tf.frTfie, clooed TSc; August, 73V44P
~\ 5-K.c. closed 74*ie;- September. 7SVi©74 M<ie,
closed. 74?»o asked; October, 73!»Sj'74\e, closed
74\o; . Uecember, T5U4fT* &-16o, closed 7«Ho.
mnKS-8ten«y.
> >Yooi«-nuii.
OOKKRK-^pot Rio, quiet; No, T Invoice,
M«e: iuIUI, ttull; i\uMo\«. SIMSVJr. Futures
closed wtendy At net ¦ unchanged ¦ prices to flv«
points uecline. Total «nle* , were. S1.S3Q bAjt*,
NEW YORK. July SO.— FLOUR— Receipts.
S6.U3 barrels; exports, 11,775 "barrels. Fairly
active and a ¦ shade higher.
THE COAST RECORD.
Nav York Grain and Produce'.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Snares ... r"»««t«-
Bold. Stocks- l?h 5
S5.000 Atchison mi*
1.500 Atchison prefd 9JP*
WO Baltimore & Ohio ....... * " ««•
Baltimore & Ohio pretd ..'..'." s«u
MM Canadian I'acino ...'..... iar?
Canada Southern ..."' «"
8,500 Chesapcako & Ohio liu
1,110 Chicago & Alton !. ss 15
4W Chlcoao * Alton prefd. "" ?S
100 Chlc&EQ ¦ Hurllnston & Quincy.. 97
SW Chlc««o indlanSr^ll* * Loul..: I:; S3
....... Chicago lndl&n*|tolls A Louis 1.M 70
Chicago & Uattvrn Illinois, ...,V,...1SJ"
«W CMcaso A Ortat Wettern , r«:
.,.'..„' Chtv«iro A Oveat western 'A pM,,., soil
Chicago * t3r*at Western'!! pfd.,.. «s«
« Chleaio * Northwest «rn ..,;. i»«
I.**) Chtc««o Hock l»lnmJ * Pacific, ...issu
V» Chicago Terminal & Trnnt ,,„,.„ »
...... £Wc« ft Terminal «V Trans pr»M.. 3S*l
W» c C C & Kt l<outs..., .„.,.., ;„,„., w»U
ivi Colorado Southern <»«>•••<««>%.<%.<,, iat*
XEW YORK, July 30.— The stock market this
morning confirmed the Impression created by
yesterday's market when the accumulation of
favorable factors over the Sunday signally
failed tc awaken any Interest in the specula
tion. Mindful of yesterday's experience, the
traders were even more disinclined to attempt
a movement of prices to-day. The dullness
and sluggishness of the market exceeded any
thing that had been seen last summer and
autumn, after the fall in prices on account of
the spring wheat shortage had been succeeded
by the period of waiting preceding the national
election. The extreme fluctuations reached as
high as a point in only a limited number of
stocks and in them as in the general market
the movement was wavering and uncertain.
The largest part of the dealings was in the
United States Steel stocks.. But the reports in
morning newspapers of the good prospects of
a settlement of the strike were ineffectual to
cause any strength in the stocks. Apparently
speculators were dissatisfied with prospects
however favorable of a settlement, and were
waiting for accomplished facts and signed
papers as a basis for determining the present
value and future prospects of these securities
There was a feeling of uncertainty also as to
how far the strike settlement had already been
discounted In the recent advance in the stocks
The few desultory advances in individual
stocks, some of them in obscure Industrials
were indifferently held. The whole market
sank more and more Into a waiting attitude.
The present ease of money takes that factor
out of immediate consideration. But the future
of the money market and the cautiousness of
bankers in locking up capital in long time
loans serves as a warning of possible future
contingencies. The course of the Government
revenues is a disappointment to those who
hoped for relocation of demands on the money
market from that source." In spite of the oper
ation of the amended revenue law, the Gov
ernment's receipts continue to run well over
those of laet year, while the expenditures thus
far this month have fallen more than $800 000
below those of July last year. As a conse
quence the Government deficit for this month
is only a little over $2,000,000, whereas It had
amounted to $4,665,639 by this time in July of
last year. The sub-treasury at New York has
taken over a million dollars from the market
since Friday last. For the last week in July
last year, preceding the Government Interest
disbursements in August, the sub-treasury
yielded a small amount to the money market.
The continuance of these unlooked-for condi
tions of the Government revenues will materi
ally affect money market conditions during the
period of interior crop demands upon New
York. These doubtful factors In the outlook
discouraged any buying demand and made the
market eoft and yielding even to the light sell
ing pressure that was brought to bear upon
it. The reactionary tendency gained force and
the closing was dull and weak at about the
lowest, many Important railroad stocks showing
net losses of a point or more. .
There was- some early show of strength in
the railroad bond market on a well diversified
demand, but best prices there were yielded in
the late dealings.
Total sales, par value. $1,123,000.
united States bonds were unchanged In quo
tation on the last call. ¦
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
San Jose— North, partly cloudy.
Holllster— Partly cloudy; threshers busy; bar
ley yielding from IS to 20 sacks p»r acre.
Palermo— Wind south; cloudy; trace of rain
this morning.
Ventura— Hotter in the \-alle:s; bad for
beans: probably no danger.
Napa-South wind; cloudy; prunes and al
monds light, grapes doing well; light crops.
Hanford— Cloudy; north wind; crops very fa
vorable, excellent quality.
Riverside — Size of oranges uneven, due to,ir
regular blooming; warm weather very favor
able to citrus fruits: partly cloudy.
1 ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
BOSTON," J«ly Mi.~There wa» a firm ton» to
the wool market h*r« - thU week wlthA valuw
well maintained and th* general situation In
h«rdenlnj? % There ha« bt«n an absence of «pec.
ulftUve fcellnu,** f»r m buying 1 U oor*pern*d,
but the want* «f the n\Ul» are larre, "J>vtU
lory wool* continue to \*afl the,*nW Fine
mwSum ciml flu,, vtaplo U quoted «t-«^IS>?,
TACOMA July 80, — WHEAT — Quotations,
nominal; Blue Stem, (To; .Club,- Mo.
Boston . 1 Vool Market; ,
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. July so. _ WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 86c: Blu* Stem. 68c.. '¦-.'¦• >"-.'¦'
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, July 30.— Clearings, $302,206; bal
ances, $63,203. ,
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Cotton closed quiet. 4
to 7 points net lower.
N civ York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK.: July 30.— Included in the ca
ble advices this morning was a decline of £1
in spot pig tin at London as a result of liqui
dation, while the forward delivery jj of j that
inetal was' without change and held, steady,
spot; standing at £119! 15s. and futures at £116
5s at. the close. Our market, however, did not
respond to the depression abroad, as it held
pretty steady at fully sustained prices, closing
at ; $27 50@28. Copper In London " followed the
loss here yesterday and eased off 6s. I The c!os<»
was easy at £67 6s 3d on spot and £67 15s on
futures. Here the market was quiet at yes
terday's decline, closing' at $16 50@17 for Lake
Superior and $16 37V2<?i>16 G2V& for casting 'and
electrolytic. Lend was 2s "Cd lower abroad,
closing at. £11 :17s 6d on spot, ¦ while, the local
market was quite featureless and unchanged
at $4 S7%: Spelter was. dull again'; to-day at
%1 90(f5>3. 95. -The London market was also dull
at £16 12s f6d. American ! Iron markets were
without - feature, • but remained in buyers' fa
vor. Pi giron warrants*, closed at' $9 50® 10;
Northern • foundry. No. • 1, $15015 50; No. 2
Southern Foundry, $141514 50; No. 1 Southern
foundry, $13 75(313 50; No.' 1. Southern foundry,
soft. $13 75@15 25; Glasgow iron warrants closed
at 54s and Middlesboro 45s 4d. '
New York Metal Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. July 30.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 213S. Mostly 10c higher. Cows and
.heifers, $150(3)5; bulls and stags, $2 25@5; stock
ers and feeders. $1 73@4 23; veals, $2©5.
HOGS— Receipts. 12,268. 10c higher on best;
light weights and those . gradinsr under good,
2V4@7VSc . higher. Light and light mixed, . $5 50
<g5 77i£; medium and heavy, $5 70@6 05; pigs,
$2 50(7? 4 25; bulk. $3 65(f?3 85
SHEEP— Receipts, 2170. Steady. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Dull and lower;
lambs, 15@23c lower; pood to choice wethers.
$3 75@4 25; Fair to choice mixed. $3 25@3 75;
Western sheep, $3 25@3 90; native lambs, $2@
5 25; Western lambs, $4 30@5 25; yearlings. $4
(54 30. ¦ .• *
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, 8899. ' Active and strong- 10c
higher tor bulk. Mixed and butchers, $5 Zo&
5 92%; good to choice heavy, $5 80@6; rough
heavy, $5 85@5 75; light, $5 60@5 75; bulk of
sale3, $5 60@5 90. -,
CHICAGO, , July . 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3300, Including 1423 Texans. Steady to strong
at Monday's prices. Good -to prime steers, $5,40
@6 20; poor to medium, $4 23<g v 5'40; stockers and
feeders, $2 40@4 30; cows, $2 75@4 60; heifers,
$2 23@5; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2 2o@4 35;
calves. $2 50@4 75; Texas steert, higher, $3@4 50.
Chicago Livestock.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland, "
Or., Tacoma and Seattle decreased 222,000
bushels last week. ', *
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 33S.0C0: bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease l,253,C0O bushels. ; • . . :
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase. 2.418,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increase 1,500.000 bushels;
total supply, increase 3,318.000 bushels.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies
from the last account:
Wheat— July.. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 15 22 35
ClosinR 22.50 22 55
Flour— ¦ " ¦.
Opening 27 35 28 15
Closing 27 50' .28 50
Available Grain Supply. ,
LIVERPOOL,
Wheat— ' Sept. ! Dec.
Opening ; 5 6% 5 7%
Closing 5 6% 5 7Ti
Foreign Futures.
There was a fair business on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, wlta a decline in
Gas and Electric at f44@43 50 and in Spring Val
ley Water at $85@85 50.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, July 80-J p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. i Bld.Ask
4s quar coup... 113 113% 4s qr cp (new). 138 139
4s quar reg — 113 113% 13s quar coup... 109 109»i
MISCELIjANEOUa BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO6 — Oceanic S3 5a. 102% —
Cal-st 5a 116 — Omnibus C «s.l27 —
C C Water 5S.107H — Pac O Imp 4s. — ICO
EdL4P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & C H 6s.. 106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117% — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s — 102% S F & SJV 5».120% —
Los Ang R 5s.ll5% — Sierra Cal 8s.. — 110
it, A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1903) 112 —
Do gntd 5a..lC3 — (1910) 113 —
L A & Pac 58.101 103 S P of C to
Do 1 c m 5s.. 102% — (1906). Ser A, — 1C&U
Mkt-st Cab 88.125'/* — (1905), Ser B.1I0 —
Do 1 c m 5s.l23%124U (1908) 11214114
NevC N G 7s. 105 114 O912) 120»; -
Nor R Cal 8s. 111% — S P of Cal 1st - < v:>
Do 5s 119 — c gntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO% — S P Br Cal 6».138 " —
Do 5s 105 106% S V Water 6s. .114 —
Nor R Cal 5s.ll0 113 Do 4s — .04
Oak Gas 5s.... 112^ — Do 4a 3d mtg.lOlU —
Do Trans 6s. — 120 Stktn Gas 6a.. — —
Do Water 5s.l02%102H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 76V4 1 Spring Valley. S3 —
Marin County. 50 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L «t P... 4 5 Pac Light 45 47*4
Equitable 4T» 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4»; — S F O & E.... 43% 44
Oakland 50?; 51 San Francisco. 4*; 4'i
Pac Gas Imp.. 43 — Stktn G & E.. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 _
BANKS. >
Anglo-Cal .... 77^ 81 ILPAA 131 -
California 404 406 Mer Ex (liq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National.. — 130
First Nat S F.305 — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1310 Sav & Loan... — ' — '
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav 50 — Union Trust.. 160O 9 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 |O S*L & H.... 40 — '
Geary — 40 Presidio 33 —
Market 73% 74 I
1 POWDER.
Giant 76tf 77 IVlgorit 3 3!i
SUGAR.
Hana 6% 7 Kllauea 16^4 16*i
Hawaiian 43 — Makaweli 3<vi. 4 31
Honokaa 15 — Onomea 21 —
Hu.tchlnson ... 16 16% Paauhau 20% 21&
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 131% Oceanic S Co.. 48 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 98% Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99% — Pac C Borax. .163 —
Merchnts' Ex.. 110 — Par Paint IS —
-. Morning Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa Water 78 00.
20 Giant Powder Con 76 62^i
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 18 1%
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 16 00
100 Makaweli S Co 29 73
$6000 Market-st R R con 5s 124 00
J3000 N P C R R 5s 105 CO
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 102 75
25 Onomea Sugar Co 1 22 00
110 Paauhau S P Co.. \ 2100
5 S F Gas & Electric'Co 44 00
80 S K Gas & Electric Co 43 87%
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
$2000 S P of A bonds (1909) 112 00
70 Spring Valley Water 85 00
Street—
$4000 N P C R R 5s 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board
10 Giant Powder Con 78 62%
130 Hutchtason S P Co 16 12%
100 Hutchlnson S P Co, s 3p 16 00
120 Paauhau S P Co 21 CO
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. 43 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 10 43 87%
i 50 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 87%
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 120 62^,
$2000 S P of A bonds (1909) 112 00
55 Spring Valley Water 85 23
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1500 Bear Flag 05
200 Four Oil Co 3S
100 Monte Crtsto 152%
250 Petroleum Center 02
500 Twenty-Eight 130
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Four Oil Co 37
100 Monte Crtsto 160
466 Occidental of W Va S3
360O Petroleum Center 02
300 Petroleum Center 01
10 San Joaquin Oil &*Dev 7 50
'200 Twenty-Eight 133
SAN FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Independence ..." M
, 50 Peerless 5 1-"i
2 Hanford ..., 98 00
S0O Occidental U
% Afternoon Session.
Board—
Xo »al«a.
MINIKO STOCKS.
Following wer* the salea In th* San Fran*
claco Stock and Exchang* Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session!
tM Best * Belcher IS CM Could A Curry. 17
WO Challens* « 100 Ophlr .„ 73
T0OChallenc« « too Overman , 15
SOfl Con Cal & Va..3 10 300 Sierra Nevada. 1*
10O Confidence X v. (00 Y«Uow Jacket., sa
J0O Crown rolnt... I* * "
' , ' Afternoon 8tsaton,
IMfhaUenra 37 SCO tiato A Newer* 14
«©0Ch«Men*« Js WO Ophlr ..f,?!?^ ' n
SOOChoUa-. oft MOl^toil «
IWCholUr W «00 Y»Uow JacKpV' ?4
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; continued warm weather; fresh westerly
winds.
The "temperature centinues high along the
coast. Warm weather prevails .In Nevada,
Utah. Idaho and Eastern Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 31, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday, with showers In the fore
noon in the mountains; light southerly, chang
ing to fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday; light
westerly winds. ' I
Nevada— Cloudy •Wednesday; probably thun
der showers; cooler; fresh southerly, changing
to brisk westerly winds.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the coun
try west of the Sierra and the Cascades. It
has fallen slowly east of the Rocky Moun
tains. Cloudy, unsettled weather has pre
vailed generally through California. Arizona
and Southern Utah. Light showers are re
ported at many points in the interior.
FORECAST.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
STOCK MARKET.
, .SAN FRANCISCO. July SI— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. £6; Mount Tamalpais. — ; Independ
ence, 66; Red Bluff, 98; Fresno. 102; Los An
reles. 84: Sacramento. 90; San Luis Oblspo 9S:
San Diego. 72. -- . '
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C3; minimum, 10; mean. £6. - •
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop section of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows: "V~ '
Conditions have been favorable for all crops
during the week. The temperature has been
nearly normal, with hot days and cool nights
in the Interior, and warm, pleasant weather
w!th fog's along the coast.
Harvesting, threshing and hay baling have
progressed rapidly. In all sections north of
the Teha<hspi the yield of wheat, barley and
lye Is reported considerably heavier than that
ct last season, and late reports state that In
porticr.s of Southern California the yield of
wheat ar.d barley is much better than had
bf-en expected ; the grain is of excellent quality
in ell rectlcns. There is an unusually heavy
crop cf hay in tome districts, and farmers are
unable to secure presses for baling as rapidly
as desired Sugar beets, beans, hops and corn
ore in good condition, and will yield nearly
overage crops. A good crop of alfalfa Is being
harvrstcd. Irrigation water i* plentiful except
in portions of Southern California.
Th* yield of deciduous fruits is much below
overage, but in some sections the fruit is turn
ing out considerably better than was anticipated
a tew weeks ago. Peaches, pearb and prunes
from th? foothill districts are of excellent qual
ity. J'ickiiig. canning and drying are progress-
Ing. Graces are becoming quite plentiful in
market. The vineyards are generally in good
condition, but the yield In most places v.ill be
bflow avprage. Citrus fruits are doing well.
Sacramento Valley— Warm weather has con
tinued through the week, and conditions have
been lavorable for all crops. Grain harvest
is 6t.ll In progress, though nearly completed
In some sections. Wheat, barley and rye are
of excellent quality, and the yield Is consider
ably larper than that of last season. Corn
and heps have made rapid growth during the
week, having been greatly benefited by the
warm weather; good crops are probable. Fruit
picking, drying and canning are progressing
rapidly, and heavy shipments to the East are
being made. The yield of deciduous fruits is
below average, but better than- anticipated In
60me sections. Grapes are doing well. Or
enges and olives are in --vwl condition, and
large crops are expected. Irrigation water is
plentiful.
Cr-asrt and Bay Sections — The weather has
been favorable for all crops during the week.
The days have been warm and pleasant and
the nights foggy. Grain harvest Is progressing,
with excellent results in nearly all places, both
as to yield and quality. Farmers in San Beni
to County . are having difficulty In securing
presses to bale the heavy crop of hay. Beans,
hopf., pugar beets and corn are making good
growth, and large crops are expected. Fruit
drying nnd canning sre in progress. The yield
Is below average, but better in some places
than estimated a few weeks ago, and the qual- J
lty is generally excellent, especially in the
foothill districts. Blackbarries are abundant.
Grapes are in good condition, but the yield
will be light In many places. Citrus fruits con
tinue thrifty.
San Joaquin Valley— Clear and seasonable
weather has prevailed during the past week,
which was favorable for the ripening and har
vesting of all crops. The grain harvest is
progressing rsjidly. and in some sections is
about completed. Most of the grain is being
Etored in the warehouses. Deciduous fruits are
ripening rapidly, and in most sections the crop
is good and the quality excellent. Dryers and
canneries are in full operation. Peaches and
melons are plentiful. Grapes are making good
progress but as yet the supply in market is
light. In come eections the third crop of al
falfa is being cut. and Is fully as gpod as the
eecend crop. Stock of all kinds are ta good
condition and feed Is plentiful. Water in the
Irrigating ditches is commencing to get low.
Southern California— Warm days and cool
nights, with fogs along the coast, have been
favorable for crops. Citrus fruits and walnuts
ere in excellent condition, and will yield good
crops. Apricots in the vicinity of Santa Paula
are yielding better than expected. Beans are
looking well, and will yield a fair crop in most
reetions. though probably less than average.
The corn crop will be light. Wheat, barley,
hay and potatoes ar» yielding much better
crops, than anticipated, and in some places the
hay crop is nearly up to. average. Irrigation
water is falling off. Hay baling is progressing.
Eureka Bummary — Oat haying Is nearly com
pleted; yield and quality good. Grain harvest
Trill soon begin. Apples are of good quality,
but in eorae places only half a crop. Vegeta
bles are suffering for moisture.
I»s Angeles Summary— Nights cloudy with
fog. Thunder showers in southern mountains.
Early, peaches are ripening. Lemons are being
chipped in considerable quantities.
•
The Weather and Crops.
"Currants are about steady a.t S?i(g'9c for
good- quality. Holders as a rule are quoting
9c, but sales are being made right along at the
lower figure for small lots. Raisins are dull.
Apples are firm, with a good Jobbing demand."
"The scarcity of small fruits throughout the
country, particularly In the WeEt, has resulted
In more activity for dried fruits on the spot.
Both prunes and peaches are in good demand
from Jobbers and some Inquiry is noted for
round lots. Prunes are firm, especially on the
larger sizes, which are scarce. There was
come inquiry from the West in the market
yeFt«?rday for choice peaches in bags. A fair
jobbing trade is doing in goods of this descrip
tion at 6%c up, according to quality. Only a
email trade is doing In apricots on the spot
and but small interest is manifested in new
'ccts.
Latest mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruits in New York.
¦ CHICAGO, July 30.— At the opening, Septem
ber wheat sold %@%c higher at . , 68@68%c. .
Liquidation was j small • in volume,' while there !
was a fair amount of covering -owing: to" the
firmness of the | Liverpool market. " The rnar7 ,
ket, however, leased, to 67%c during the first
few minutes while a few small lines of long
wheat were . being disposed of." A rally to
68c followed and for some time the market
ruled steady, but dull. Later speculative in
terest was revived by reports that during the
past forty-eight hours 140 loads had been taken
for export, together with rumors of deteriora
tion of. the wheat : crop in various parts of
Europe. September rallied to 68%c and closed
firm %@lc higher than yesterday's close at
68%@68%c. . • -.' ...; • ; : • ' - :
The' corn market displayed a firmness which,
more than to anything else,' was due to a
feeling that the decline for the time had gone
far enough. Prices held steady early on profit
taking by shorts and advanced later to the best
price of the day on buying by a group of pro
fessionals. September . closed firm, 1%@1%u
higher. ;. >; . ¦ , ¦¦• . .
¦ Oats . opened . firm in sympathy with other
grains. The. renewed strength in wheat and
corn was felt, in: the oats pit, • where it devel
oped that a fair short interest was in exist-'
ence. The close .was firm, "September, l@l%c
higher at 33%@34c. : . . , ..
Provisions were quiet, but firm, in sympathy
with the. cereal markets, higher. prices fftr ho£a
and on a good cash demand for lard. Septem
ber pork closed 12%c. higher, lard 15c up and
ribs 5c Improved. • ?_--', ( . •;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ' • Open. High." Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 66% -67% 66% 67%
September.......... 6SVi 68% '67% v-68%.
December .:........ 71 71 69% 70%
Corn No.. 2 — '';¦ - " , '-
July ...:... 52U 53% r 51% , : 53%
September ......... 53U 54% ¦ 52% . - 51%
December ..:........ 54% 56V* : 53% ¦ . 56
Oats No. 2— - . " .
July 32% §4% 32% * 34%
September ..' 33H 34% -v 32% . 34
May 36 37 35% 36%
Mess pork, per barrel— - .
September »..14 22% 14 32% 14 15 - 14 32%
January ..14 70 -14 80 14 70 '14 80
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 8 57% 8 70 8 57% 8 70
October 8 62% 8 75 8 62% 8 75
January ..855.' 870 , 852% 870'
• Short ribs, per ICO pounds —
September 7 90 . 7 92% 7 87% 7 92%
October ....7 92% 7 97% 7 97% 7 97%
January 7 70. .7 75 . .1 63 7 75;
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring, • 65@€Sc : No. 2 red, 68V1@
69c; No. 2 corn, 53%c; No. 2 yellow,' 52%@53c;
No. 2 oats, 33%i®33%c ; - No. . 2 white, 35@35%c;
No. 3 white. 34%@35%c; No. 2 rye, 53%@53%c;
fair to choice malting- barley, 52(jr60c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 83; No. 1 Northwestern, $1' 84; prime
timothy seed, $5 15; mess pork, ,per 8 barrel,
$lt 20@14 25; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 65@S 67%;
short ribs sides (loose), $7 85<?S; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 7%(?7%c; short '.clear sides
(boxed), $8 30(^8 40; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 29; v clover. contract grade. $10@10 25.
"Articles — ! :¦• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .;. 26,000 . 16,000
Wheat, bushels 453,000' 415,000
Corn, bushels .'....241,000 244.000
Oats, bushels 374,000 ' ¦ 199,000
Rye, bushels 13,000
Barley, bushels 6,000 3,000.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm, creameries, 14%(ff20c; dairies,
13@17%c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10Uc. Eggs,
steady; fre,sh, 12%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat recovered somewhat on call.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Oat and Corn products firm at the recent advance. ' \
Light deliveries of Hay into this city. ' \
Bran and Middlings firm and unchanged.
Beans advanced too sharply and are- falling back. .
Potatoes and Onions in demand for shipment.
'Vegetables in liberal supply and unchanged. ]
Butter weaker under increasing arrivals. £ .
Cheese firm and Eggs steady.
Fresh fruit continues to move freely at good' prices.
New Dried Fruit selling well in the country. ' , { '
Nuts and Raisins quiet. ; ' : '¦>
Prune combine and Packers not yet agreed. . "j
Provisions show some slight changes. 1 '
Wool dull on account of the strike. Hops nominal.
Meat market stands as before.
Grain Bags weak, but now' lower. . . - •;,
Canned fruits and Vegetables firmer, with less cutting.
No famine in Coal feared. f
Local stocks and bonds without especial feature.
Some changes in Oils.
Prune combine cleans up its small Prunes — 800 cars.
A« fur «« fruit w»« p«nwrn«a, the »trlkt
nituAttnn yc»t«rd«y ;«¦•»' unch«nitrd, ,Ther«
»n» &¦ msny t.ama »t work na hef^ro ivn.J
Decidttoits and Citrus Fruits.
and ocoilonaUy 2to
per lb for fanyy »nd Wo for ncconda: dairy. US
I80; oto>-« Butter, l2HfiUo r*r lb.
CHKESK— New, , old, nominal; Touns
Am«*ric«a 10®Uo per Ih; Kantern, US13o.
. KOG8— u«nch, l'CWo (or ffooa to fancy:
¦tort. UO16o. per iloaen; Kuatrrn. ISo.
Receipts wcro 21,800 pounds ¦ «nd — tuba of
Butter, 946 cases of Escsrs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 3000 i pounds of California Cheese, — .
pounds Oregon Cheese and*— pounds £ast«rn
Chee»e. • i . .- .,-¦¦-
The advance In Eggs is maintained without
difficulty, and dealers report a good demand for
ranch. Stocks are sufficient, without being ex
cesBive. ' - ¦ •? ' - ¦ • • ' ...
Cheese rules firm at the old prices,
Butter is quoted lower again, the market be
ing oversupplled. A, good deal Is coming down
from,- Southern Ortgon and other . northern
I»olnts.> - /. • •" . V '.
B Jitter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8®9c for Gobblers
and S@9c for Hens; Geese, ¦ per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $125@150; Ducks, ¦ $2 50@3 for old and
$3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young Roosters,
$4 50@5; old Roosters, ?3 50@4 ;' Fryers, $3 50@4 ;
Broilers. $2 5003 for large and $1 75@2 25 for
small : Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits, $1@1 50 for
Cottontail' and $1 for Brush.
A car of Eastern came. in, making three thus
far this week. The market shows .more tone
than last week, but prices are not materially
chansed. .
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for
large and 50c@$l 50 for ordinary; Green Peas,
l%®2c: String Beans. l@2%c; Limas. 4@5c: Cab
bage; 35@40c per ctl ; Tomatoes, from the River,
in large boxes. 25<@'50c; Dried Peppers. 12@18c;
Green Okra, 75c<g>$l per box; Carrots, 25~@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 25«?40c; Pickles. l%c
perjlb for small and lc for large; Garlic. 2@3c;
Green Peppers. 50@7»c per box for Chile and
$1 25<f?l 50 for Bell; Egg Plant, B0@75c. per box;
Green Corn, 40c@$l per sack; Alameda, $1@1 25
per crate; Berkeley, S5c@$l; Summer Squash,
large boxes, 15@25c; New Marrowfat ' Squash,
$10@15 per ton. ¦
POTATOES— $1@1 25 In sacks and $1 10@l 40 in
boxes for Burbanks, S5c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and 85c@$l for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 25@1 50. . V
ONIONS— Yellow, 80@95c per ctl; Pickle On
ions, $1 per sack. * .
Supplies of Vegetables; continue liberal,
though Tomatoes are falling oft somewhat, as
the recent low prices have chekced consign
ments from the River. ' .1 ,
Potatoes continue in demand for shipment and
dealers say they find no difficulty in executing
orders, : as plenty of teams are running. . The
quotations show little change. ¦
Onions are steady, and there is a demand for
Australia. • /
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. '. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75(J?3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $165.per ctl.'
Prices for Pinks were advanced too sharply
and dealers are now quoting an easier market.
There is still more or less demand for shipment,
however. The other kinds are also quieter at
previous prices. .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60: Small White. $4 80
@4 95; Large White. $3 40@3 75: Pink, $1 75@195;
Red, $3 15(5:3 25: Blackeye, $3 2o@3 40; Limas,
$6 30® 6 40; Red Kidney. $4 25 per ct.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17^118: Corn Meal, $30 60
©31 50; Cracked Corn, $31@32; Mixed Feed, $17
<5fl8. . . ' .
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat. J7
<f?9 50; choice, $10; Wheat and Oat, $6 50®9; Oat,
$6(g8 50; Barley and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa, $7@9;
Clover, $5 50(5:7: Volunteer. $4 50@5 50. •
. STRAW— 25<g'42%c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $19 60«2l per ton.
¦ Fearing. increased congestion of Its tracks on
account of the strike the railroad did not de
liver any Hay on this side of the bay yesterday,
and the total receipts were only 54 tons. This
was not enough to go around, and the, demand
wes sharp in consequence. This condition is ar
tificial and temporary, however, as there is
plenty of Hay near by, ready to come in at a
moment's nofoc. Prices remain unchanged.
There Is no further change in Feedstuffs.'
BRAN— $18 bvii?13 per ton.
Hay and- Feedstuff s.
Flour, and Millstiiffs.
Oat and Corn products continue firm at last
week's advance. x * .
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25@
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15(33 25:
Oregon, $2 ."0(g2 75 per barrel- for family and
$2 7o@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
(ft 3
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,' $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 23:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $3; Hominy,
$4^4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled. Oats (barrels), $6 8508.05;
in sacks, . $6 SO® 8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Afternoon "Session— No sales. — '
. OATS— The Chicago market was firmer at a
slight advance. Stocks in the. United States
show a decrease of 1,253,000 bushels. This mar
ket continued dull, largely on account of the
strike.' at D5cig$l 02% for Black and 97%c@$l 15
per ctl for Red. -
CORN— The Chicago market recovered nearly
2c, In spite of heavy and continued rains over
the belt, embracing Illinois, Kansas, Iowa,
Missouri and Ohio. Southwestern offerings
again fell off and Monday's sellers turned buy
ers. » Sales from Kansas cribs were made on
a basis of 70c, Chicago. Stocks increased 333,000
bushels. '¦"¦<• ""¦''
There is nothing at all doing in this market
and quotations are unchanged and purely nomi
nal. Small round Yellow, $175; Eastern Yel
low, $1 60^1 63%; White,. $1 70@l 75 per ctl;
Mixed, nominal.
RYE— Continues dull at 72%@77%c per ctL .
- BUCKWHEAT-None in first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
70%c. . -. .
CALL BOARD .SALES.
. Feed. 73%c for choice bright.' 71%@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off. grades; Brewing and
Shaping grade's, 75@82%c;. Chevalier, nominal.
-BARLEY— There is nothing .doing in this
cereal. Prices 'remain ar before, with moderate
offerings on the spot. '¦ - '¦
Informal ' Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 01. •" • -. ¦ .-
Second Session— December— 4000 :' ctls, $101;
10,000, - $1 WA ; May— 20C0. »1 05.
Regular, Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 01%; 4000, $1 01%; 92,000, $1 01%. ,
.Afternoon • Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 01%. ..- " ,.-- - . -
CALL 'BOARD SALES,
¦ Chicago opened tame but steady, with favor
able weather reported ' in all sections. Later
on a better feeling developed and it became ap
parent that the market was oversold. The Im
pression, gained ground that the break had
had its day. '. A dispatch to Bolton, de Ruyter
& Co. said that New York was reporting the
largest i foreign acceptances I for export on rec
ord, 70 loads being reported during the fore
noon alone. _ This - had its effect and dealer3
were inclining, to the long side. \ Minneapolis
reported a decrease of 500,000 bushels since
Saturday.^'A prominent French grain house
esitmated the French , crop at 254,000,000 bush
els. . ' • .. •¦¦•¦¦' • ¦¦ .-.,::• ' . : '
This market recovered some of . the ground
previously lost j on call, but shipping quota
tions remained unchanged. •-• ¦ V
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; milling, $1®
l'02% per ctl. - y _¦.'-¦:; ¦ '
, WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower. The
world's supply," according, to Bradstreet's
weekly estimate, showed the following increase:
East of the Rockies, 2,418,000 i bushels; Europe
and afloat, 1,500,000; total, 3,918,000 bushels.
.WHEAT. FREIGHTS— Spot freights are nom
inal, at '38s 9d@40s. The chartered wheat fleet
in ; port ' has ' a J registered tonnage of 33,930,
against* 27,600 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 4325 tons/ against 8278; on the way
to this port, 231,235 tons, against 188,260.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60~days.\.:7.T — " $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ..... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables ....; — : 4 89%
New.Yprk Exchange,. sight.: — ¦ 07y.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - • 10
Silver, per ounce........ ...V..: — 58%
Mexican Dollars^nomlnal.... 47 @ 47%
Exchange- and' Bullion.
WASHINGTON, July.' 30.-To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the . division * of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $176,073,982; gold. $9S,650,-698.
Condition of the .Treasury
NEW YORK. July 30.— Close— Money on call,
steady at 2@2% " per - cent; last ' loan, • 2% per
cent. Prime mercantile . paper, • 4%<g>5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand
and $4 84T4©4 85 for sixty days.' Posted rates,
$4 86 and $4 S8%. . Commercial . bills. $4 84®
4 84%. Bar silver,- 53%c. Mexican dollars, - 46c. '
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, irregular.
New . York Money Market.
Anaconda, 9; Atchison, 77; Canadian Pacific,
109%; Denver and Rio Grande, 43%; , do pre
ferred, . 93%; Northern Pacific . preferred, 99;
Southern Pacific, 57; Union Pacific, 103; do pre
ferred, 91^4; money, 2(fr2% per cent; bar silver,
quiet. 26 fo-16d per , ounce. ,
CLOSING.
The markets here were lifeless to-day,' pend
ing completion of the settlement. . The -tone
was steady. Americans showed no decided
tendency. There was some interest here in the
coalers • and steel shares, but | the movements
were insignificant and the close was hesitating.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: •
London Market.
329,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s, ref. reg...lO7% N Y Cent lsts 104%
Do coupon 107% N ,1 C een 5s«.....,l29%
Do 3s, res 108V4 Nor Pacific 3s..... 72%
Do 3s, coupon. ..109 Do' 4a .....lOlVi
Do new 4s. reg.138 N Y. C & S L 4s.lO7Vi
Do new 4a coup. 137 Nor & W con 4s.. 103
Do 'old '4a, reg..H3 OrNavlsts..; 107%
Do old 4s, coup.113 Do is .......... . .102)4
Do 5s, reg 107% Or S Line Cs 12.S ,
Do 5s couDon 109 Or S Line con Ss.llCA
Dist of Col 3. 65s.. 124 Read Gen 4a S">%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% R O.Wcst lsts 100V3
Do adj 4s 96 S L & I M con ns.117
Can So 2nds ......lC9yj B L & S F gen 68.182
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 107 St Paul cons 173
Do 5s 121 St P, C & P lsts.120
Chi & N con 7s 141 Do os '.....117
C & N S F deb 5s,122 So Pac 4s 02
Chi Term 4s........ 94 So Ry 5s ....115%
Colo So 4s S9 S Rope & T 6s.... 64.
Den. & Rio G 4s. .101% Texas & Pao lsts.118%
Erie Gen <u 86% Do 2ds 103
F W & D C lsts. 104 Union Pac 4a ....104
Gen Elect 5s 200 Wabash lets ......118'i
Iowa Cent lsts.... 113% Do 2ds 114
L & N unified 4s.. 102 West Shore 4s ..113%
M^K & T 2ds 84<4 Wis Cent 4s 88%
Do 4s : 97% Va Centuries 94
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 04 Little Chief 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 75
Breece 1 4j|Ophir 72
Brunswick Con .. 12lPhoenix " 09
Comstock Tunnel.. 06%jPotosi 06 !
Con Cal & Va... 2 00 Kavage 06!
Deadwood Terra... 55 Sierra Nevada..... 14
Horn Silver » 1 75| Small Hoyes 50
Iron Silver E8 Standard 3 05
Leadville Con...... 06!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— Bonds— •'
Call loans 4@4% Atchison 4s 101%
Time loans 4@4% I Mining Shares —
.Stocks — - Adventure 25
Atch, T & St Fe. 73% Bingham M!n Co. 20%
Do prefd ........ 95y« Amal Copper ......114
Amer Su^ar .142% Atlantic 36
Amer Tel 160 Calumet & Hecla.74£
Boston & Albany.. 257 Centennial 27%
Boston & Maine.. .192% Franklin .......... 17%
Dom Coal' 39 Humboldt ..25
Do prefd 116 Osceola ..93
U S Steel '.. 41% Parrot 50%
Do Drefd 94 Quincy 170 ¦
Mex Central 23 Santa Fe C6pper..-6.
Old Colony 207 Tamarack 342
Old Dominion .... SO Utah Mining ...... 29
Union Pacific 79% Winona ............ 2%
West End ......... 95 Wolverines ........ 61
300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd ........ 50
""ink Col ,orado Southern 2d prefd 22
300 Delaware &' Hudson .........:. 169
""•;^ Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 228
i ££ 5 enver & Rio Grande ..: 40%
MoSo" w Ver&E1 ° Grande prefd 90%
20,000 Erie 3714
L200 Erie 1st prefd ... . i v.".;..: "" " 66%
400 Erie 2d P ?efd fesSrrH.vHfniSwwBoS
1 300 Great Northern prefd ...:.. 177
....... Hocking Valley 5114
<00 Hocking Valley prefd .". ....74^
900 Illinois Central 14s4i
100 Iowa Central .!;.!.!.! 37
100 Iowa Central prefd 73U
200 Lake Erie & Western 54
Lake Erie & Western prefd ........116
200 Louisville & Nashville ...:... .......102V±
600 Manhattan L ;...... ..118^4
• Metropolitan Street Railway .......167&
200 Mexican Central 23>4
Mexican National .9
Minneapolis & St Louis .;.... ..107
5,000 Missouri Pacific ..99
1,000 Missouri Kansas & Texaa .... ..26
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .. 53%
......: New Jersey Central ..158
400 New York Central .....150%
14,600 Norfolk & Western 49%
Norfolk & Western prefd .....*. 89
Northern Pacific prefd :» 97
6,100 Ontario & Western 32%
....... P C C & St Louis...... 79
1,600 Pennsylvania ........... ........144
6,300 .Reading .....;.... 41%
2,300 Reading 1st prefd 76%
' 2,700 Reading 2d prefd 52%
100 St Louis & San Francisco 40%
St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 78
400 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 67%
100 St Louis Southwestern .'....'.. '. 28
1,200 St ' Louis Southwestern prefd 61}&
13,100 St Paul ...160%
St Paul prefd ; 181
.15,400 Southern Pacific ,....:..... 56%
5,700 Southern Railway 29%
1,200 Southern Railway prefd 84
900 Texas & Pacific 41
Toledo St Louis & Western V. 20
Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.. 33«4
34,700 Union Pacific ...,r.......... 9S%
100 Union Pacific prefd. 89 -
1.900 Wabash 21
3,100 Wabash prefd V 39%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.....'.......:... 18
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
Wisconsin Central ..20%
Wisconsin Central prefd 41%
Express Companies—
Adams 170
American 190
United States .'. 85
Wells Fargo ...? 140
Miscellaneous —
18,500 Amalgamated Copper 113%
1,200 American Car & Foundry .....'.. 29%
300 American Car & Foundry prefd . . £4%
100 American Linseed Oil 28
1,300 American Linseed Oil prefd 62
2,200 American Smelting & Ref 53%
300 American Smelting & Ref prefd 100V»
900 American Tobacco 134
2,000 AnacondaMining Co.... 44%
1,600 Brooklyn»Rapid Transit 76
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron.... 99%
500 Consolidated Ges ........21S%
500 Continental Tobacco 67Vi
Continental Tobacco prefd.....*. 116%
....... General Electric ..250
200 Glucose Sugar 55V4
100 Hocking Coal 20
100 International Paper 25^
International Paper prefd 75
500 International Power 93
Laclede Gas ; '. 95
400 National Biscuit 42
7C0" National Lead ....'...'..... 19^4
100 National Salt 41
National Salt prefd... 74
300 North American 100
Pacific Coast 65
2,200 Pacific Mail 39
1,600 People's Gas 114
600 PresFed Steel Car 43%
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
Pullman Palace Car 207
800 Republic Steel 20
100 Republic Steel prefd. '75
1,500 Sugar 142%
200 Tennessee Coal & Iron : 62%
... Union Bag & Paper Co... 15%
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd.. 70',4
200 United States Leather , 131*
300 United States Leather prefd. ..T 78%
200 United States Rubber 19
300 United States Rubber prefd 63%
S7.100 United States Steel 44%
20.400 United States Steel prefd .94
2,200 Western Union •.. 32'i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.'
LOCAL MARKETS.
Including: August, 4.80c;- September,. 4.85®
4 90c; October, 4.90c; December, 5@5.05c; March,
5.2E©5.30c;'May, •- 5:35@5.40c. « • -r'y'
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. . 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, se test, 4 5-S2c; Molasses Sugar,
3 15-16c; refined, quiet. ' ¦
BUTTER— Receipts, . 1200 packages; . strong;
State •; dairy, 14®19c: . creamery, 16@20%c; fac
tory.' 13@i5c; Imitation -creamery. 14@17%c. .'
EGGS— Receipts, ai, 300 packages; firm;
Western candled, 14@l6V.c; do uncandled, S@
1414c;':.'.' ¦ ' - - "
i DRIED FRUITS.
Trading in the market for "evaporated apples
was on a moderately active scale, with : de
mand from domestic ; sources of an . urgent
character. As a : consequence, ' prices took ' a
higher level and sentiment was builishly in
clined. State, common to good; 4V£@7c; prime,
7@7^c; choice, 7%@8c; fancy, 8@8%c Califor
nia dried fruits . were inactive. ¦
PRUNES— 2%@6Jic. •¦.';.• . • •
.'APRICOTS— Royal, 8®12c;^ Moorpark, " 7\&@
12c. ¦¦ ,: ¦- - . ¦
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c: unpeeled, 6@10c.
.•Australian scoured basis, . spot prices, comb
ings superfine, 74@75c; good. 68@70c; average,
65@67c. . . j
i Quotations: Territory, scoured basis — Monta
na fine," 14@16c; scoured -44@46c; fair medium,
14@16c; scoured, , 42@43c; staple, 16@17c;
scoured, 46@48c. Utah. Wyoming and Idaho,
fine, 13@14c; scoured, 44@45c; fine medium, 13®
14c;- scoured, 40® 43c; staple, 15@16c; scoured,
46@47c. . ,
the strictly, staple •• article 46@48c.' Fleece
wools aro * quoted ; firm, . but ' arrivals of new
washed fleeces are • only moderate as. yet.
8nlv«vinr«-H9U\|« tor Mrtetly prim* w«»h*«1;
JiiU'io (or (rood io prime WA*h«v); *tfs\o tor
COFFRE-Co*ta lUea-WaflUe for atrletly
pvlTu* to fancy wA»h*t: HHOUV&q for pjrtm«
w»sh«M; WHOUa tav (rood \\<**h<vt; UftlSHa for
Rood to prlma vraahed ptaborry; 9i»Tf u»»o for
(Air to prim* rvwherry; lUOlQUo for mv>.l to
Itrlme; T\@$U<i tor fair: W;e for common ta
onUn«rT, - 'i*»«M>il|<»<« flaw Hau^iwr *<ni
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles,, per lb, 5c:
cases, resular, 5fto; cases, estra hne, l\c;
cases, Eastern »tyle, t»';c: Boneleta, SHo;-"Nor
way," 6*ie; . "Narrow CJauso." 7e: "SUv««r
King," Tiie; Blocks. "Seabrlrht." IV^c; Tab
leu. So; Middles, "Golden State*," 7V; Mid
dles, "Whltn Seal." 8c: 8-lb boxes Fancy Ron**
lea*. 9c; !>lh boxea Fancy, Itoneleaa, 7t 5 itfs,«;
l>»lcea.ted, per do»en, 7Jc;- Tickled Cod, b«r
r»U. each, $7 W; Tickled Cod, hslt-burrels.
each, > M W. :¦•¦•-¦.".'•
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12Hc per lb;
Sisal size. SHio; Bale Ropo, $c; Duplex, Si^c,
Terms. 60 days, or Hi per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10,000 lbs, to less. ' .
COALi — As far as the strike is concerned,
dealers say that there is plenty of Coal in
the yards, which is deliverable without diffi
culty, though It ma}- bo difficult to get It off
the ships later on. Prices stand the same.
Wellington. J9 per ton; Southfleld Wellington.
$9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay. $3 60;
Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend. $9; Cum
berland, . $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel, $10
per ton: Coke. $15 . per ton . fn bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 43 per
£000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
CANNED FRUITS— The Western States have
recently, been large buyers of Apples. Corn and
Tomatoes on account of the late, hot and dry
weather there, and these goods are firmer In
consequence. They have advanced in the East,
but not here as yet. There Is less cutting,
however, and the ton? of the. market Is firmer.
The California .Fruit Canners quote as follows,
in S'Vi-lb tins: Apples, $1 15@1 55; Apricots,
$1@1 50; Cherries, black, $1 60^2; do, white,
$1 60@2; do, Royal Anne, $1.60®2 15; Peaches,
yellow. $1 20@l 65: do. Lemon Cling, $1 30@l 75;
Bartlett Pears, $1 25©1 75; Plums. 9Oc(g>|l 25;
Nectarines, $1@1 CO; Muscat Grapes, 95c@$l 35;
Quinces. $1 10@l 55; Strawberries, $1 SOlgl 75;
Raspberries, $1 55@2; Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta?! rule easy, though
there is no further decline. Calcutta Grain
Bags, 8c; local make. He less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags. 32@35c; .Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit
Bag3,- 6%@6c for cotton and 8%@8%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Prices for everything In the list remain about
as before. The demand and supply about bal
ance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5®6c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7V4c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8H@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c: over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; rows, 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and Etagrs 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9%c.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers,- 10%c; medium, 9@10c; light, 8^@9c;
Cow. Hides, 8^@9c for heavy and S>4@9c for
light: Stags, 6^c; Salted Kip, 9V4c; Salted Veal,
9%«?10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides 16<riie^c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@17V4c;
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings 15@30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each;
medium 50@75c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 S0(S2 75 for large and $2@2 23 for
medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides. dry.$l 75 for large. $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 2Cc. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice.
5c; No. 2, 3^@4c; grease. 2%<a3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 14@15»4c; do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12©13e: defective. 9@llc; Middle
County, free, 10@llc; da, defective. 8@10c:
Southern,. 12 months. S@9c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@Sc:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse. ll??13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, ll@13c;
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c. Fall
—San Joaquin Lambs', 7V4@'9c.
HOPS— 15<g20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The "Wool market is feeling the effects of the
teamsters' strike and but few goods are mov
ing, as buyers do not want to purchase any
thing that they cannot haul. The tone is firm,
however, and stocks of all descriptions are
light.
Hops are still nominal and featureless.
Hides are weak and rendered dull by the
strike.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
J2%e for light medium. 13%c for light, 14*4c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams.
13@13',£c; Mess Beef, $1150 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork, $15: extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13'4@Uc
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted -at 7@7^c per lb for
compound and lOVJc for pure; half -barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins, lltfc; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
• COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9V4c: one tierce, 9^c: two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8T»c per lb.
' A few slight changes In barreled Beef will be
seen. Otherwise the market stands about the
same, and dealers quote the tone firm.
Provisions.
There Is a very good demand for new Pears.
Peaches, Apricots and Apples In the country
at strong prices, though there Is little doing
in the San Francisco market. The Prune
combine and the packers have not yet decided
whether they will work together this year or
not. There, is a fair demand for Honey at
the quotations. Nuts and Raisins show no
new features.
The Prune combine has cleaned up all Its
small Prunes— 800 cars — and is holding the re
maining large sizes until the extent of the new
crop can be determined. The sale Is supposed
to have been to New York parties.'
FRUITS — Apricots. 7@10c for new Royals and
: 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moorparks;.
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new Peaches,
6c for future delivery; Pears, 4@Sc; Plums,
pitted. 3@5c; unpltted. %@ttic: Nectarines, 4
@4%c for red and 4@5c for white. .
PRUNES— 1 sizes: 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60S, .4%c;
60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 2%c; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s. 2&c;
100-120S, l»/£c.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 8c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10}* c per lb;
choice. 9%c: standard, . 8%c: prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. - Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6*/6c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6%c;. 2-crown. 6c:
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c;- 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, Ji%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— "Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c; No.
2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@l<Wic: No. 2. 6tf@
7V4c; Almonds. 13©14c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@
7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts.
12@12Vic: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50«5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9010c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%@6c;
light amber extracted. 4^@5c; dark, 3>/4@4%c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— S5c@$l 23 per box for good to choice
and 40@75c /or ordinary. -':»_..« __?«.
APRICOTS— 20@40c per box, 40@60c per crate
in bulk, *10@15 per ton for small and $20@i> for
CRABAPPLES— 40@75c per box, according to
Pa pLUMS-35@65c per box and 40@60c per bas
ket; Prunes, 65@75c per crate and 40© 60c per
basket; Green Gages, $15@17 50 per ton; Egg
Plums, 75c per crate. ¦ ¦ '.'',«_
PEACHES— 40@60c per box . and 2a@60c per
basket and $20@23 per ton for Frees and $30®
40 for Clings. . • _ -
NECTARINES— "White, 35@50c per box; Ked,
50@65c. , • ' - ¦ . • „ ' . . ,
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No. 1.
40@73c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— J3@6 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
I RASPBERRIES— $4fi>7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S@9c per lb.
FIGS— Black, - — per box for single ana
for double layers; "White. 85c@$l 25.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 45c@$l per box; Can
taloupes, 75@85c per half crate and $1 2o@2 50
per large crate; "Watermelons, from Fresno, 8®
25c apiece. .; '
GRAPES— Fontainebleau, Wc@$l per box; To
kay, per crate; Muscats, $1 25; Seedless,
: Black, $l@l 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valencias and St. Michaels, $1@3 50; Lemons,
$1@2 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$5 50@6; Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
the river' steamers were discharging_and re
ceiving all the fruit and other freight offered
¦ : The market ' stands about the same, except
that 'Melons are declining under increasing re
ceipts. 'Berries sell right along day after day
at the same old priees. Grapes_are jcoming
forward slowly and are steady. Figs continue
very scarce.' Good Apples, Pears, Peac he s and
Plums continue firm at the prices which have
prevailed- for some little time. -and there Is
no accumulation of stock. Small Apricots are
finding less demand on canitfg account.
Oranges arid Lemons are vejy steady at about
Pr The°re S is r very little choice tfrult of *ny k Ind
coming in now, and there is a demand for it.
FOR TUESDAY, JULY 30. )
Flour, qr sks 13,888 "Wool, bales....... lgs
Wheat, ctls 350 Tallow, ctls 549
Barley, ctls 1,650 Sugar, ctls 1,730
Oats, ctls 1,590 Lime, bbls IS*
Rye. 'ctls 600 Leather, rolls 136
Beans, sks 737 Quicksilver, flsks 25
Potatoes, sks 3,656 Wine, gals 9,500
Onions,, sks 1,421 Hides, No 563
Bran, sks 600 Pelts, bdls 45
Hay,, tons 54 Raisins, bxs 1,500
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary sizes. $1S@19; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood, $1S@19; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90® 1: Pickets. $20:
Shingles, $2 for common and $3 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $13 for split and $11 for sawn; Rustic,
$23@29. ' •
RED AND "WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%38c
per lb; "White Lead, 7%@8c, according to quan
tity. • ,
SALT— H. R. H. Is quoted at $21 per ton In
large sacks and $22 In 50*8. Liverpool Is quoted
at $19 25®20 for the best and $16@1S 50 for lower
grades. Higglns*. $27 50@30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, crushed and fine crushed, 5.75c; Pow
dered, 5.35c: Candy Granulated, 5.33c: Dry Gran,
ulated, 5.25c; Confectioners' A, 5.25c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.25c: Beet Granulated. 5.15c: Mag
nolia. 4.85c: Extra C. 4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c: bar
rels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos. half -barrels, 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb.
fair washed: 10%@l2c for good to prime washed
peaberry; 8@8%c for good to prime semi
washed; 8@8%c for »uP«rifr u 1 nw , a » h « d: 7^@^<=
for good green unwashed: 8V*@9c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; »%@T54c for com
mon'to ordinary. * "
Nicaragua— Il@14c for prime to fancy washed:
8**QMH4c for fair to strictly good washed; ~,\®
vie for good to superior unwashed; SYiQW+c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ll%@14ttc for prime
to fancy washed; 10@10?ic for strictly good
washed; 914@9%c for good washed; 7%@9c for
fair washed: 7@7%c for medium; oH@7c for In
ferior to ordinary: 10%® 12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8H@3c for good to prime un
washed peaberry; 7Vi@3c for good to superior
"i^kTHER- Sole, heavy. 2S<332c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30e: Sole Leather, light.
25@28c- Bough Leather, heavy, 27®28c; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
38®39c for No. 1 and 30(ff33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium, 30@37c: Harness Leather.
li"ht 29@33c; Skirting. 36@40c; Collar Leather,
15@16c per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb:
Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14®16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@2S per ton; Stick.
$15@2O per cord. •¦ ¦'¦• •
OILS— Numerous changes will be observed.
California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 73c; pure.
Jl 26; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled. 94c; raw,
92c; cases, 5c more; Lard OH. extra winter
strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China Nut,
55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. barrels.
67%c; cases, 72%c: Sperm, pure, 65c: "Whale Oil.
natural white, , 40@45c per gallon; Fish, Oil, .In
barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c.
COAL OIL— "Water "White Coal Oil, in bulK.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine. 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 13c; In cases,
21c; Benzine. In bulk, 14c; In cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
62c In drums or Iron barrels.
THE SAN FRAN^ISCO^^
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SPECIAL, DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
PARIS.
66%
8
o K 2 O o> *d
s f s n -3 i| **
STATIONS. 3 || -11 *§ |J P|
Attorla ;.....S0.1! CS M NW aoudy 0
k»k*r ....;~.2S.M) M 6« NW Clear 0
C»r*on S».74 Ma W Cloudy 0
Kun-ka SC.OSM U> NB^Cloudy T.
TreuRo t>.TS Id CS NW Cloudy T.
FlM^taff SO.CJ TS IS NW Cloudy .0}
Pofatfllo. Idaho.. .».?« 105 6S.W Clear - 0
Iiirtr|i("iii<'iici> J9.TJ M, TI Hn Cloudy 03
Un* Antrele* S9.s« s< «j w Clear T,
I'hwnti ..,.?>."« 100 I< W ¦ Cloudy ,0}
IV'rtiand. ....... ....so.oo TS M NW 1't.Cldy 0
k<hi muff. »,»8 n u sw eiou<ty t;
»{<>j««.hui-t....,.,....Si t 94 t\ *i S Cloudy *
Pei-rmiin.u. ..J 1 ?.!* SO U HW ClottOy 0
K«lt I*ke ,^»,?s M Tt W Clear 0
Hhn MiiikWpo t».M «i «1 W Cloudy T,
Ran Kui9OU!»jyij,.r».W> m m .. IM.CJdy T.
kttnl'ir 3 o ;.».$« 73 e« W Clear 0
•»ABSENCE OF VIOLENCE.
Continued on Page Five.
Young Man Pound Lying
Unconscious on the
Sidewalk.
His Pockets Turned Inside
Out and Sleeve But
tons Gone.
SLUNGSHOT LAYS
ITS VICTIM LOW
SPAHKXING 'WINE FLOWS.
fornia Wine Company.
Sympathizers Enjoy Treat by Cali-
Three immense casks of sparkling claret
wine from the California Wine and
Brandy Association, whose warehouse Is
fit the corner of Eighth and Brannan
streets, became dislodged from a truck
yesterr"3v afternoon shortly after 2 o'clock
at thr corner of Sixth and. Brannan
streets. The truck, which belongs to Stet
son Renner. was being driven bj' a, non
union driver, whose experience In the
handling of reins was not of the best. In
attempting to cross the street his truck
became caught in the Sixth street car
track, which caused it to suddenly lurch
thus spiiling the wine casks Into the
street. The driver dismounted and at
tempted to replace the liquor on the truck
hut was driven off by a band of sym
pathizers. •
After they had rescued the wine from
the driver the crowd, which was gaining
reinforcements from every side, broke In
the bunps. Great quantities of the liquor
were spilled into the street. It ran in
"reams down the gutter to the sewer.
BuTkets. bottles, jugs and even cups were
brought to the casks and quantities were
carried away. A perfect bucket brigade.
fully equipped, worked heroically to save
'he precious juice. Little boys filled the
vessels, while their elders "toted" them
away. Although the crowd worked stren
uously, both with mouth and buckets, the
major part of the beverage T*ent in a scar
let stream down the throat of the sewer
pipe. After the casks had been complete
ly emptied, a gas pipe, was secured and
several cf the crowd proceeded to batter
the casks to pieces. They had succeeded
in effecting- the ruin of one when Sergeant
Shaw, with a force of police, arrived and
drove the crowd back.
•
POLICE FORCE IS INADEQUATE.
Most of the City Is Left Unpro-
Four hundred members of the San Fran
cisco Police Department are at present
engaged by the strike. This means that
every man capable of performing duty is
engaged in preserving peace and order in
the district affected by the strike. The
number of policemen engaged in office
duty has been reduced to a minimum, and
the jails have been left to the care of but
two or three men.
The outlying districts are being pa
trolled by a half dozen men. and only two
are doing crossing duty on Market street.
The officers perform twelve hours' duty
at a stretch.
The preservation of law and order Is
under the direction of Captain Wittman.
His men have been 'given orders to pre
vent the congregating of any number of
people in the district wherein trouble is
likely to occur. They have orders to lisa
their clubs on any one who- shows a desire
to cause a disturbance and to protect the
men who are taking the places of the
strikers.
Chief of Police Sullivan said yesterday
that the rumor that he was to turn the
task of preserving peace over to the Sher
iff was wholly unfounded. The Chief says
his men are capable of performing- their
duties In preventing strife and bloodshed
and that there will be no necessity for
calling for assistance from any other
municipal department.
ARBITRATION IS URGED.
Federation of Improvement Clubs
Would Settle Troubles.
The Municipal Federation of Improve
ment Clubs held a meeting last night for
the purpose of discussing ways and means
to arrange a conference between the Em
ployers' Association and the laboring in
terests. A resolution to Increase the in
dustrial conciliatory council to 100 mem
bers was voted down as being premature.
It was decided to instruct the secretary
to canvass the names of members of the
federation with a view toward inducing
100 of them to sign a written agreement
to perform active work in the line of con
ciliation.
A resolution was adopted earnestly ap
pealing to employers and employes in the
name of the welfare of the city to meet
in conference and by both sides making
concessions restore peace and industrial
activity.
J. McDonald deprecated the alleged In
trmfon of the Employers' Association to
crush unionism, and advocated the pas
sage of a resolution asking the employers
to give the employes a hearing. Speeches
v.-ore also made by Charles Alpers, E. A.
I^orenzo and N. B. Greensfelder.
O. K. Cushing presided at the meeting
and E. A. Lorenzo was secretary.
WAREHOUSEMEN RETURN.
Union Crews Again at Work at Poit
Costa.
CROCKETT. July 30.— The strike at Port
Costa and vicinity will soon be a thins
of the past. The news given out exclu
sively by The Call this morning as to the
Grangers having settled was received with
great enthusiasm by the community here.
At a few minutes past 11 o'clock this
norrinp word was received that Eppln-
CHINESE MURDERER
ABRESTED IN" NAPA
Detective Ed Gibson Leaves to Bring
Jue Lin Ong Back to the
City.
' Captain Seymour received I a dispatch
yesterday morning from Sheriff Dunlap of
Napa that a Chinese had been arrested
there answering the description of Jue
Lin Ong, who murdered the Chinese boy,
Jue Do Hong, at 828 Washington street
Monday morning. The arrested man had
papers in his possession that showed his
identity. The captain at once instructed
Detective Ed Gibson to leave for Napa to
bring the prisoner back to the city.
Yesterday afternoon Seymour also re
ceived a dispatch from Chief of Police
Elton of Los Angeles that a Chinese, who
gave the name of Fong Yung, had been
arrested on the train that arrived from
this city. He answered the description of
the murderer, except that he had two
gold teeth in his lower Jaw instead of hla
upper Jaw. A poll tax receipt found on
him was in the name of Chew Len Ong. .
It 1b believed that the Napa man is the
one wanted, but Seymour wired Chief El
ton to hold Fong Yung till Gibson re
turned from Napa, when it will be defi
nitely known If the prisoner, there Is .the
right man
Shingle Mills May Shut Down.
SEATTLE. July SO.— There is general
uneasiness among the shingle manufac
turers that may lead to a general shut
down of the twenty-one shingle mills In
Washington. There are four dangers
staring the manufacturers in the face— a
threatened shortage of cars, a crop fail
ure in Missouri and portions of Kansas,
a threatened advance in freight rates and
a shortage of steel bands due to the strike
trouble in the Eastern eteel mills.
Hangs Himself in His Cell.
STOCKTON. July 30.— Pat Riley, a la
borer, who had been in jail here for sev
eral days for stabbing a tramp in a gTove
near Lodi a week. ago.- committed suicide
to-day by hanging himself In his cell.
ger & Co. were ready to grant the de
mands of the warehousemen. Superin
tendent Deming called on the secretary
of the Warehousemen's Union and in
formed him that his company would grant
the demands and was ready to take their
old hands back at any time. A few min
utes later word was received from Bal
four, Guthrie & Co. that they also would
settle and they asked that the men be
notified to report for work at 1 p. m. At
12 o'clock Girvin & Eyre gave in. -At 1:30
Mr. McNear threw the gates of his ware
house open arid announced that the de
mands were granted and those desiring
work could report for duty at 2 o'clock.
This afternoon every warehouse Is work
ing full blast with union crews.
The non-union men who have- been
working here for the last week were put
on board the steamer Alviso and taken
to Benicia. where they took a train for
San Francisco. The California and Ha
waiian Sugar Refining Company at Crock
ett and the Port Costa flour mills at
South Vallejo are expected to settle be
fore to-morrow evening. -' - ' . j
Los Angeles to Be Headquarters.
LOS ANGELES, July 30.— The director
ate of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Is to be partially re
organized with a view to having a ma
jority of the directors located in this city.
Charles W. Clark, son of Senator "VV. A.
Clark, has already resigned from the
board, and Perry Heath or Charles B.
Leighton of St Louis will follow suit.
Ross W. Smith of this city has been se
lected to succeed young Clark and Ferd
K. Rule, auditor of the company, will be
elected to the other vacancy. These
changes will locate a quorum of the direc
tors in Los Angeles and facilitate direc
tors' meetings and the transaction of ex
ecutive business.
GOVERNMENT BRINGS SUIT
TO RECOVER STOI/EN MONEY
Bills Filed in Federal Court Against
Former Captain Carter and
His Relatives.
NEW YORK, July 3O.-The first step by
the Government looking 1 to the recovery
of a part of the $2,250,000, alleged to have
been embezzled by Oberlin M. Carter, late
captain of the corps of engineers, now
serving a sentence at Leavenworth, Kan.,
while supervising' Government ¦work in
the harbor of Savannah, Ga,, was taken
to-day when Marion Erwln of Georgia,
special Assistant Attorney General of the
United States, filed bills in the United
States Court for the Southern District of
New York and of the District of New
Jersey, against O. M. Carter and Lorenzo
D. Carter, his uncle. Under these bills
a temporary receiver was appointed for
properties in New York and New Jersey.
I. Stanton Carter, brother of O. M. Car
ter, is also made a party to the bill.
The bill seeks a decree declaring that
certain property held in New York by
the defendants was purchased with the
funds intrusted to Captain Carter as a
disbursing officer, and by him, through
conspiracy with the contractors, fraudu
lently converted to his own use. The
property, it is alleged, is now being- held
In the name of Carter's uncle and brother
for his benefit while he is serving out his
sentence in the penitentiary under con
viction for fraud.
Peter Claffy and Joseph Johnson.
Music— Joseph McDevltt. Dennis Clarke and
Captain "Wesplear.
Dancing— Captain J. Wesplear (floor man
ager), Lieutenant T. Curtln (assistant floor
manager), Dennis Clarke and Joe Dennlson.
Reception — Dennis Clarke, John Blyth, John
Llnahan. Austin O'Brien. WilHam Casey.
Philip Mlllerick, Josenh Fredericks, Charles
Santa Cruze, Philia McCall, Louis Taylor, J.
Boltz, James Fitzgerald, James McLester, Jo
ssph Daly, Patrick Moran. George Richard
son. John Skehan, John Fenton, John Murphy,
Myles gul"van, Michael Morrison, Eug-ene
O'Connor, .imes Rice, Peter Hanalerv, Pat
rick Gray, Ed Behan, N. Welnholtze, F. Kow
alkoskle, Fred Meinicke. Thomas Shew
bridge, John Costello and Thomas Greely.
THE REV. FATHER PETER D.
BRADY. PASTOR OP ST.
JOHrTS PARISH.
General MacArthur Sends a Long
Casualty List to the War
Department.
"WASHINGTON.-, July 30.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila, under date of Manila,
June 26, reports by letter the following
deaths since last report:
Dysentery— Henry A. Johnson. G, Eighteenth
Infantry, June 7, Panay; Olaf J. Johnson, I.
Eighteenth Infantry, May 28, Panay; Henry A.
Phillips, I. Twenty-sixth Infantry. June 4,
Luzon; Lewis M. Scholl, hospital corps, sec
ond reserve hosDital, June 11; Harry F. Dro
nan corpora 1. O. Second Infantry, second re
serve hospital, June 11; Edward Morse, cook,
H, Seventeenth Infantry, Luzon, June S;
Thomas H. McGlynn, hospital corps, Luzon.
June .15: ChristODher O'Connor, corporal, F.
Eighteenth Infantry, June 10, first reserve-hos
pital; Diedrich B. Dorstelmann, post company
sergeant, first reserve hospital. June 17.
Diarrhea— Will Alexander, E, Twenty-first
Infantry, Luzon. June 9.
Killed by guards— Charles B. Fleming, ser
geant, E, Twentieth Infantry Santo Domingo,
Luzon, June 18.
Suicide— Thomas G. Parte, cook. L, Third
Cavalry. Luzon (G. S. TV.). June 12.
Drowned— Charles W. Kingr, corooral, D,
Fifteenth Infantry, Luzon • (body recovered);
William Robinson. D. Twenty-third Infantry,
Mlndaro (body recovered), May 30.
Abscess of liver— Orrin A. Albers. G, Forty
seventh Infantry. Correeidor. June 13. -¦¦
Dengue fever— Elmer ; M. Carleton, C, Tit-,
tefinth Infantry. Mindaro, June 12^
Malarial fever— Adolph H. J. Tabbert. E.
Fourteenth- Infantry. Luzon. June .9: Jeff
Cadle G. Third Infantry, • June M; Wilbur
Houaer. cook. D. Twelfth Infantry, Luzon,
June 17; William H. Farley, B, Nineteenth Inr
fantry, Cebu, May 23.
Machinists Satisfied in Chicago.
. CHICAGO, July 30.— Officials of the local
organization of machinists announced to- •
day that the str'ke' in Chicago was prac
tically'over and that the nine-hour day,
so far as this qlty. was concerned, has
been- firmly established. Seventy-seven
firms out of a total of ninety-five have
conceded the demands of the union, while
eighteen firms, some of which have not
resumed operations, are still standing out.
The officials' say that 15,000 men have re
turned to worlt under union conditions,
leaving about 500 still fighting the manu
facturers. • , .. ; -^ -_ .v '.. " '. .
DEATHS AMONG AMEBICAN
TROOPS IN THE PHILIPPINES
lene gas generator; Emanuel Carlson, Los
Angeles. printing press; Bartlett B.
Chandler Jr.. Nevada City, center line
level; Leonard E. Clawson, San Francisco,
smoke condenser for chimneys; Truman
A. Darling. Anaheim, can opener; James
P. Hansen, San Francisco, food cooler;
Louis Horvath, Los Angeles, lawn sprin
kler; Byron H. Hulburd, Sacramento,
truck attachment; James M. Kellerman,
Los Angeles, expanding underreamer and
drill; Ludwig Kemline, Pinole, plane;
Alexander L. McPherson, Oakland, plug
for casings of oil wells; John M. J. Phe
lan. San Francisco, miterlngf and tool
guiding device; John Senich, Pasadena,
bottle stopper; Arthur T. Patterson,
Stockton, forking, elevating and convey
ing machine; Jacob A. Call, Adelaide,
Oregon — Charles A., and Oscar Anderson.
Portland, camp cooking utensil: "William
H. Flanagan, Grants Pass, typewriting
machine; Edward E. Redfield, Grants
Pass, engine.
¦Washington— Cecilia A. "Whiting, Ta
coma, mattress holder.
Pensions were granted as follows: Cal
ifornia, original— John S. Grisham, Onta
rio, $12. Increase— John "Walsh, San Fran
cisco, $12; Chauncey Z. Phillips, Escori
dido, $8; A. "W. Allen. Santa Paula, $10.
War with Spain, original— John Dusold,
Presidio, $6. Oregon, original— William
Botterson. Nehalem. $S. Increase— William
Andrew Kemp. Eureka, $17.
. Washington, original— "William H. Green,
Soldiers' Home, Orting, 58; Duncan G. In
graham. Waitsburg. $6. Widows— Adaline
Anderson. Tekoa. $8.
"Washington Postmasters appointed —
Crull. Clallam County, E. S. Shields; Kel
ler, Ferry County. E. B. McGuire; West
port, Chehalis County, E. A. Bacon; White
Pine, Calhoun County, G. H. Slmers.
Large Number of Patents Issued to
Inventors of Labor-Saving
Devices.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 30.— Patents
were Issued as follows to-day: .
California — Milton M. Baker, San Fran
cisco, solar water heater and steam gen
erator; Eric Berg, San Francisco, acety-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
DOMESTIC PORT.
SEATTLE— Arrived • July 30— Stmr City of
Topeka. from Skaguay.
- ,' v ¦ .Tuesday. July 30.
Stmr Geo R Vosbers. hence July 28, for Ne
halem, returned from sea, machinery being
disabled. '. r ¦-._!_:_ „_:_ :
RETUP»NED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
MAGUIRE— In this city. July JO. 1901. Cath
. erine, beloved wife . of the late : John - Ma
gulre, and mother of - John and ' Mary Ma
guire and. the late Mrs. James McElwain, a
-.native of County Donegal. Ireland, axed 67
.years. '¦_ ¦ >.- . . -• '..,.:.'
DIED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
V CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, July 30.— In ad
vance of the question coming before him
officially, Commissioner General of Immi
gration Powderly willl j not express an
opinion as to whether the sugar planters
of Hawaii can import Filipinos or Chi
nese from the Philippine Islands to work
on their planta-tions. The planters com
plain of the great scarcity of labor and
contend that they will not be able to se
cure sufficient help if they are not al
lowed to contract for Chinese or other
laborers.
They tried the Porto RIcans without
good results, as the natives of that island
were not accustomed to such hard and
continuous work as was required of them
by their Hawaiian employers. Powderly
Inclines to the belief that the labor
problem of Hawaii would be easily solved
if the planters were willing to pay wages
which would attract the kind of labor
they require. There are in the Southern
States of the United States thousands of
colored men who would make Ideal la
borers on the Hawaiian plantations If
they were offered sufficient wages to in
duce them to leave their homes here and
remove to the islands. The contract labor
law does not stand in ¦ the way of their
employment, but as far. as is known in
Washington no effort has ever been made
by the planters to secure the colored la
bor from the Southern States.
Hawaiians Need Chinese
or Filipinos for the
Cane Fields.
EVERT arrangement has been com
pleted to make the annual excur
sion and picnic of St. John's par
ish at Schuetzen Park, Thurs
day* August 1, one of the most
successful parish picnics of the year. The
Rev. Father Peter D. Brady, pastor of
the parish, has spared no expense or
labor in providing for the comfort of his
congregation at the reunion. He has.se
cured the services of first-class musicians
to furnish music for the dancers, has
provided a long list of games for young
and old and secured an excellent lot of
prizes for the events.
The committees who are assisting
Father Brady in his efforts to make a
great success of the affair are as fol
lows:
Chairman. Captain "Wesplear; vice president. •
T. R. Ruling: treasurer. Rev. P. D. Brady;
secretary, Dennis Clarke.-- -:•¦•- — . r '
Games— John Cherry. T. R. Hullng, John
Taylor. Thomas Mlnahan, Joseph Johnson, Jo-
Feph McDevltt, Thomas 'Whearty and Thomas
Cullen.
Printing— Rev. P. D. Brady. Captain TVesp
lear, Dennis Clarke and T. R. Huling.
Prizes— Thomas Whearty, Arthur McCann,
John McNerny. John Llnahan, Louis Taylor,
Professor Taaffe, G. Moulelle, "William Me-'
Guire, John Tamoney,' Thomas Mlnahan. J.
Hines, Joseph Johnson, Captain J. Wesplear,
Michael Bogue, Peter Claffy. William Mc-
Keon, Bernard Burns, John Reising, William
Sheridan. Timothy Cherry. John Blyth, Thomas
Cullen, Jack Finnlgan, Dennis Clarke.
Gate — John Cherry, Thomas Minahan,
Thomas Whearty, Joseph McDevltt, John Tay
lor, T. R. Hilling, Jgseph Johnson, Dennis
Clarke.
Grounds — T. R.-.Hulin*, William McKeon,
HELP IS SCARCE
ON PLANTATIONS
LOS ANGELES, July 30.— In the ninth
round of the fight between Ben Trimble and
Hank Griffin to-night before the Century
Athletic Club Trimble's seconds threw up
the sponge, their man being all but out.
Both men fought from the start, and
Trimble was twice warned by the referee.
Griffin escaped with light punjshment.
The ten round preliminary between
Young Fitzsimmons and Messenger Peck
was won by the former, he putting Peck
out with a right uppercut to the jaw In
the second round. "
Griffin Wins at Hos Angeles.
The information concerning the ambus
cade and slaying of Tetabiate came to
day to R. P. Sharp of the Rey Del Oro
Mining Company of Mulatos, who is at
the Hollenbeck Hotel. The letter telling
of the last stand of the Yaquis was sent
from Guaymas by Dr. Elliott Wolfe, for
merly of this city. It contained no de
scription of the battle between the Yaquis
and the Mexicans, but Dr. Wolfe says the
killing of the chief and the demoralization
of the band means the termination of th»
two years of murder and slaughter that
has clouded the history of the republic.
LOS ANGELES, July 30.— Tetabiate, th»
warrior chief of the Yaquis, was am
bushed and slain several days ago near
Potam, Mexico. Fourteen of his braves
were killed and forty-seven captured by
the Mexican troops under General Torres.
This victory of the Mexican troopa has
caused general rejoicing- throughout that
portion of Mexico lying east of Quaymas.
and it is considered by all that the Yaquis
have made their last stand.
Braves Ambushed and Nearly
Fifty Captured.
Tetabiate and Fourteen of His
YAQUI CHIEF SLAIN 1
BY MEXICAN TKOOP3
SPANIARD PRAISES SCHLET.
Commander of the Colon Says Nice
Things of th.s Admiral.
NEW YORK, July 30.— A Journal spe
cial from Madrid says: Captain Emilia
Diaz Moreu, who commanded the Cristo
bal Colon during the battle of "Santiago,
paid a glowing tribute to-day to Admiral
Schley and the Brooklyn. He said: '
"All the American officers, with no excep
tion, did their duty in the naval battle at
Santiago. So did we. although It "Is cer
tain we were vanquished by superiority
of force. It is absurd and unpatriotic to
make an exception in the case of Admiral
Schley. It Is absurd because the Brook
lyn was in the thick of the fight through
out. She was at the mouth of the harbor
when we tried to pass out and engaged
us with a terrific fire, doing frightful dam
age- to the end. We surrendered to the
Brooklyn forty-five miles west of San
tiago. f
"The Brooklyn was the first to encoun
ter us as we were coming out and the first
to lead In pursuit, and she kept up tha
lead, with the Oregon vastly aiding. Th«
Brooklyn's conduct was brave; henc*
Schley's was brave. Schley was on a
post, where he was put by Sampson.
After the battle commenced each com
mander acted according to circumstances,
and events show the Brooklyn bore a
brave part.
"Of all the American ships the Brook
lyn was the most exposed to our fire, and
to that of our batteries. Schley's own re
port was a model of plain, sailorllke and,
gentlemanly statement. Schley directed
that our officers retain their personal ef
fects. A coward Is never generous. The
suggestion of cowardice probably cornea
from cowards." n
¦ m
HOUSE WOULD
CITE PUBLISHER
War Secretary Brodrick
Threatened With a Libel
Suit for His Utterances.
Commons Objects to the
Language Used >by
Daily Mail.
CROOKS WIN
FRENCH COIN
By a vote of 150 to 44 the House adopted
a resolution authorizing the expenditure
of £2,000,000 on the Pacific cable.* Great
Britain's share under the agreement v/tth
the colonies.
MacNeill then moved that the printer
and publisher be ordered to appear at the
bar of the House to-morrow. The motion
was defeated— 2SS to 128 votes.
In the House of -Commons this after
noon Swift MacNeill, Irish Nationalist,
made a motion to the effect that the Dally
Mall's challenge was a breach of the priv
ilege of the House. The Government
leader, Balfour, assented. But apparently
not desiring to stir the matter up he j.ihl
he thought it was not necessary to press
the- motion. MacNeill, however, insisted,
and the motion was carried without a
division, ,
The Dally Mail this morning character
ized as "baseless and mean" Brodrlck'3
assertion in the House of Commons yes
terday that the paper had a habit of sur
reptitiously buying secret War Office In
formation, adding that if Brodrick ven
tured to repeat outside of the House that
the paper had- stolen official documents
it- would prosecute him for libel.
LONDON, July 30.— The printer and
publisher of the Dafly Mail of this city
had a narrow escape to-day from belnjj
ordered to appear at the bar of the House
of Commons on Thursday next, as the re
sult of observations made in connection
with the War Secretary's (BrodrickV)
boycott of that newspaper, on account of
its South African disclosures. -
Paris Police Unearth
Schemes at Race .
Courses.
The swindlers owned a yacht called the
Westesmine, on board of which' tneir
dupes were . invited and subsequently
plucked. The police also traced to the
gang the promotion of a number of fic
titious mining and coal companies. The
investigations of the police led to the
flight of the swindlers. Several of them
have gone to Abyssinia. Herebout sailed
for Holland. The revelations have caused
a sensation in club and sporting circles.
A majority of the members of the gang
had assumed high-sounding titles and fre
quented fast circles and clubs. One mem
ber, a brother of a -well known Abyssinian
explorer, who styled himself "Count."
was arrested. Two others were self
styled barons and one had given himself
the title of "Prince." They occupied
sumptuous apartments in the Champs
Elysee and Madelaine quarters, to which
they inveigled gilded youths and swindled
them at baccarat. The losses of Prince
Karageorgovitch and four young men of
good families, who complained to the po
lice, alone amounted to 370,000 francs.
The Jockey Club investigated the run
ning of Colimacon and fourid that a fir.st
class English racehorse had been substi
tuted for. the original Colimacon by a
Belgian named Herebout, who had pre
viously been warned off the French race
courses. The police then took the matter
up and discovered that Herebout was the
head of a perfect organization of crooks
working In France and Belgium.
PARIS, July 30.— The police here have
unearthed a gang of turf swindlers and
card sharpers, whose actions were char
acterized by extraordinary audacity. The
first discovery was made at the end of
May, when a horse named Colimacon (the
Snail) and known as a worthless pl«Uer
won a race at Colmbes easily, with the
betting 12 to 1 against the horse. A week
later Colimacon engaged in a. similar per
formance at Maisons-Lafitte.
the corn belt to-day are considerably less
than In the past forty-eight hours, but
they fell where they were most needed—
that is, Southwestern- Ohio and Southern
Illinois. I There were also good rains in
Tennessee and Arkansas and more show
ers In Missouri, Iowa, Eastern Nebraska
and Eastern Kansas. Singularly enough,
though rain fell all around the State of
Indiana, there •was no precipitation of im
portance within its boundaries. The cen
tral portion of the torn belt of Texas is
still without the much-needed rain.
Prospects generally are for fair weather
in the corn belt, with warmer weather
west of the Mississippi and on Thursday
warmer weather east of the river. Tem
peratures in the corn belt show little
change during the past twenty-four hours,
the maximums having averaged rather
less than 90 west of the Mississippi and
slightly over the figure to the east.
In the Atlantic States it has been warm
and temperatures will probably continue
about the same. In "Washington the ther
mometer registered a maximum ot 90 de
grees. | ¦
Downpour Continues to Do Good in
Eastern and Middle West
Corn Belt.
WASHINGTON. July 3O.-The rains in
BAIN STTLL FAI/LING
WHERE MOST j NEEDED
The Mammoth Cave in Kentucky and
San Francisco are competitors in Chicago
for ' those who wish to escape the hot
weather. '- James Horsburgh Jr. of the
Southern Pacific received word yesterday
from the Southern Pacific ticket office in
Chicago that every day an announcement
is made on the bulletin boards outside
the office in Chicago stating the tempera
ture of San Francisco and the 'Mammoth
Cave of Kentucky. The comparative
weather reports have attracted great
crowds, and the police had to clear the
sidewalks in Chicago of so many people
taking an interest in the statistics of the
weather reports.
Booming San Francisco in Chicago.
There is a little cigar stand at the head
of Folsom street wharf No. 2. Its owner
sells tobacco to the men employed on the
front and his average profit per day does
not exceed $1. On Monday night some
thieves entered his stand and helped
themselves to . his wares. The visitors
brought sacks with them for the purpose
of carrying off the entire stock, but ow
ing to the presence of the watchman,
they were unable to carry out their plan.
They did. however, secure a quantity of
cigars before departing. The cigar dealer
says he knows who robbed him and In
tends making complaint to the police.
Loot of a Cigar Stand.
Postal Superintendent Breed Dies
Frank P. Breed, superintendent of Sta
tion K Postoffice in the Palace Hotel, die3
yesterday morning in the Lane Hospital
after a surgical operation had been per
formed upon him. He had been sick only
twentx-f our hours. Mr. Breed had been
fourteen years in the service. He was 35
years old and unmarried.
The Board of Education established
four new classes yesterday In the
Crocker, Buena Vista, Hawthorne and
Richmond schools and assigned Miss M.
A. Owens. Miss R. Stack. Miss M. A. Har
rlgan and Miss F. Barrington to the posi
tions. . The teachers named are the first
four on the eligible list. ¦ - ;
Hew School Classes.
NEW YORK. July 31.— A special to tho
Herald from Alx-les-Bains says:
Maria Pia. Queen Dowagrer of Portugal,
and mother of the present King Carlos,
has had a narrow escape from assassina
tion. Her majesty was taking a course
of the baths here, but was so perturbed
by the attack upon her that she left Atx
hastily for Rome. Details of the at
tempted assassination are not obtalnabla
at present. The police are said to have a.
clew. News of the affair is only begin
ning to spread among the visitors. It Is
causing a deep sensation for the Queen
Dowager was known personally to a con
siderable number of people. She was very
democratic in her demeanor chatting
freely with her fellow bathers.
Dowagfer Empress Very UL.
HOMBURG, July 30.— At a late hour to
night the condition of the Dowager Em
press Frederick was reported to be very
serious. Emperor "William is returning
from his Norwegian cruise and will ar
rive here in three days.
Attempt on Her Life Is Made
at the Baths in Aix
les-Baina
Unknown Men Seek the
Life of Maria Pia of
Portugal.
QUEEN DOWAGER
IN DIRE PERIL
Sympathizers All Over the
World Said to Have Con
tributed for Munitions.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Dr. A. J. Res
tapo, agent of the Colombian insurgents,
and Raoul Perez, who was General Uribe
Uribe's private secretary, declare, the
Times will say to-morrow, that the gen
eral is now In Colombia. / They refused
to tell just where he is, but said that they
expect cable advices from him to-mor
row. He will' have the assistance, they
say, of General Herrera and General Ma
rin and their armies. The latter has 3000
men in the Interior of the Department of
Tollma.
Senor Perez explained that In Colombia
there has always been a certain degree of
antagonism between the Freemasons and
the clergy, and that this fact was taken
advantage of by the insurgent party.
Sympathizers all over the world, he aver
red, contributed $200,000 for munitions for
General Uribe Uribe's operations. Dr.
Restapo. Senor Perez further explained,
while he was In . Europe bought 15,000
Mauser rifles of the most modern pattern.
He also bought 2.000.000 cartridges with
the funds. Uribe Uribe being in need of
ammunition. All this armament, Senor
Perez says, was shipped months ago to
Cclombia In sailing vessels, labeled as po
tatoes and asparagus.
Still further, according 10 X^erez, If the
Liberal party, of which General . Uribe
Uribe Is the head, succeeds in overthrow
ing the Conservative party's Government
the French Panama Canal Company will
be notified that all of Its concessions are
void, that company having been notified
some time ago if it bought concessions
when the Government was willing to sell
it would gain nothing if the Liberals won.
The Colombian Consul Genera!. Bri
gard, said to-day that he thought Uribe
Urlbfe was either in MaTacaibo or Cura
coa.
At the Maritime Exchange to-day it was
reported taa£ Herbert O. Jeffrys, who
was said - to hold a high position in the
Colombian military service, is in New
York and that he has been negotiating
for large amounts of supplies and inspect
ing vessels with a view to their possible
sale and their conversion Into ships of
war. "He is rumored to have said that
Uribo Uribe had been planning opera
tions of an extensive kind, and that after
Colonel Murlllo left Savanilla on the
steamer Allegheny, from which he was
taken ashore. as a prisoner, important in
formation was gained by the Colombian
Government.
It appears from an Interview which Dr.
Restapo gives to the Tribune . that the
rifles and cartridges bought far the Lib
eral forces were sent from Europe to his
city and from here to South American and
"West Indian ports. From these ports they
were conveyed In schooners to Colombian
ports. ¦
Liberal Leaders Ready
to Join in the
Revolution.
GENERAL URIBE
IS IN COLOMBIA
LONDON, July 30.— The resignation of
Vice President Zanartu of Chile is an
nounced from Santiago, says a dispatch
to 'the Daily Mail from Buenos Ayres, as
a protest against further military prep
arations in Chile.
• The Chilean lejratfon in London does not
consider the situation In any degree men
acing. The work of arbitrating the bound
ary dispute, which was undertaken by
Great Britain, is goin^ on steadily. The
rumors of war preparations may be only
political moves, and neefl not necessarily
be taken as indicating a change in the
relations between the two Governments.
It is certain, however, that any Increase
in the fighting strength of Argentine
would be followed by a similar step on
the part of Chile.
Zanartu Resigns as a
Protest Against War
Preparations.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 30.— The
National Socialist convention made an ef
fort to-day to harmonize and was par
tially successful. A message was sent to
Eugene V. Debs declaring the convention
to be harmonious.
Eugene V. Debs, . when asked at his
home in Terre Haute to-night for an ex
pression concerning the action of the con
vention toward him, said:
"The term' 'shelved' has little or no sig
nificance with me. They may shelve me
if they like. I have no personal desire to
be called a leader. The action of v the
Springfield faction does not disconcert me
in the least. It is simply an effort on the
part of the Eastern faction to dictate to
the Chicago' faction, of, which I am a
member. The convention In Indianapolis
is not a representative body of Socialists,
as the Springfield faction is largely in the
majority and is in a position to dictate."
The platform committee reported at 3
o'clock this afternoon. The platform as
reported declares that private ownership
of the tools of production and distribu
tion Is responsible for the ever-increas
ing uncertainty of livelihood and the pov
erty and misery of the working class,
and it divides society into two hostile
classes — the capitalists and wag-ework
ers. It advocates as "immediate de
mands" public ownership of all means of
transportation, communication and other
public utilities as well as all industries
controlled by monopolies, trusts and com
bines; the reduction of the hours of labor.
State or national;' insurance of working
people; the inauguration of a system of
public works and Improvements for the
employment of the unemployed, the pub
lic credit to be utilized for the purpose;
the education of all children up to the
age of IS years, and State and municipal
aid in the purchase of books, clothing and
food; equal civil and political rights for
men and women; the initiative and refer
endum; and no more public land to be
sold.
The platform was discussed at length
this afternoon and at the session to-night
held for that purpose.
VICE PRESIDENT
OF CHILE QUITS
Debs Says the Indianapolis
Conference Is Ruled by
a Faction.
Efforts- 'of the National
Convention Partly-
Successful.
SOCIALISTS TRY
TO HARMONIZE
Lectures by the Baptists.
SANTA CRUZ, July 30.— The Twin Lake
Baptist Assembly is nearing its close.
Only two days more remain, and then for
two days the annual convention of the
Baptist Young People's. Union will .be
held. ;* The Bible classes under -the Rev.
W.E. ; Sherman are increasing in interest
dally arid- the attendance is large. Tha
lecture this. morning was by the Rev. E.
R; Bennett of Oakland, on "Shaftesbury."
The lecture . this evening was on "Anni
Mirabiles," by John H. Stevens of San
Francisco.' '.„•,-¦-¦ . ; -
Eligible to Be Stenographers.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers yesterday issued: the following list of
eligibles for positions of stenographer
typewriters, from which, four will be ap
pointed to places in the departments of
electricity, elections and public works and
the Tax Collector's office on August 1:
John E. Richards Jr., 98.32; - Bird C
Wakeley, 96.7; George H. Hawes, 96 46*
William P. Coughlin, 94.9; H. N. Hall'
94.05- George E, Ruperich, ,91.11; Thomas
J. Powers, 91.05; Justus B. Pickett. 90.46*
Blake Franklin. S9.3; Richard F. Ellison,"
S5.8; Angelo Byrne, 83.75; Willis. L. Rich
ardson,' P3.55; Thomas P. Ward 83.3; Jo
seph C. Nardini, 81.02; Nicholas F. McMa
hon. 79.5d? John F. Lewis, 77.93; Herbert
F. Ward, 76.6; Samuel T.- Bush, 75,25-
Archie E. Duncan, 75.11. .
SALT LAKE, July 3O.-The Oregon
Short Line and the San Pedro railroads
have again become involved in a contro
versy over a right of way in Lincoln
County, Nev. The land in question is
known as the '.'Culverwell ranch" and
both companies lay claim to the property
by right of purchase. . •
. News has just reached Salt Lake that
on Sunday the Short Line forces, having
completed the road to Calientes,. or Clo
ver Valley Junction, as it was formerly
known, decided to push their work south
ward without delay. They had proceeded
but a short distance when they encoun
tered a strong barbed-wire barrier, which
had been constructed on the edge of the
Culverwell property by the San Pedro
Company. Three or four watchmen of
the latter company were on the ground
and warned -the Short Line people against
crossing the line. The, Short Line force
paid no attention to the warning and pro
ceeded to demolish the barrier and con
tinued the building of their road toward
the coast. - . . . ¦
Parley L. Williams, attorney for the
Short Line in this city, when seen to-day,
said his Company was building a railroad;
that it had its own durvey and intended
to carry the work through./
C. O. Whittemore, attorney for the San
Pedro road, did not care to discuss the
matter, but intimated that he would have
the entire' invading- force, principals and
all, arrested for trespass.
RAILROAD WAR
OVER PROPERTY
Rival Lines Claim Right
of "Way Through a
\ Ranch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 31, 190^
The Reunion to Be Held at Schuetzeri Park
on Next Thursday Promises to Be the
_ Most Successful Picnic of the Year
PARISHIONERS OF ST. JOHN'S
ARRANGE FOR ANNUAL OUTING
Footpads, appreciating the fact that
owing to the strike the residence portion
of this city is without police protection,
have begun to operate. A young man
was found unconscious last night shortly
after midnight on Jackson street, near
Oough, and his appearance Indicated that
he was the victim of robbers.
His pockets had been turned inside out
and everything that would lead to his
identity removed.
The cuff buttons had been wrenched
from his shirt sleeves, and his clothing
save evidence that it had been thoroughly
searched.
The victim of the footpad was found
lying near the edge of the sidewalk by
Special Officer McMahon. He was breath
ing heavily and evidently suffering from
a heavy blow on the head.
The special summoned the ambulance
and sent the young man to the Emer
gency Hospital. On examination there it
was found that his unconscious condition,
was caused by a blow on the back of his
head, evidently from a slung-shot-
The doctors tried to revive the thug's
victim, but their efforts were fruitless.
They fear the blow will prove fatal.
¦ The victim of the robber is about 23
years of age, and is well dressed.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
f'S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, CTVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
' . The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on ita own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUME. Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire ona
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see- how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will b»
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub- .
liclty. Readers are requested to writs
without delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Packasre Sei.tl>y.HaU
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ANOTHEE GEBJff DESTEOYEE.
Herpicide Is Death to Dandruf?
Germs. *
The germ burrows into the scalp, throw-
ing up the cuticle in thin scales, cajled
Sanfiruff or scurf, and digging, at the root
if the hair, where It saps the hair's vital-
ay. First comes brittle hair, then lunter-
.ess and* deadlike hair, then falling hair
and Qnally baldness. Nine-tenths of the
f.air troubles are caused by dandruff.
Without dandruff hair will grow luxu-
riantly, as nature intended. "Herpicide"
tills the dandruff germ, leaving the hair.
to grow unhampered, as Jt does with the
red man.
yT~X DB.--K.TOYKE.
fc '-J i "- — ' 210 Stockton st..
fcjr^CS £ San Francisco. Cal.
C^~'5y Ha3 recently established
Vjr Jf , the Tea and Herb SanlU-
- , 1Q ,J[ rium in this city. All man*
J^^rm. )' ¦•" ner of diseases, both ester-
nal and lnt e "»al. and all
>wj* ""rJS&BBS manner of local diseases ar»
W&'jE&g/W ikillfully treated without
mtfnZSmZW performing any kind ot
operation whatever.THE SAN FR ANCISCbS CAIili, WEDNESDAY, JTJIjY 31; 1901.
10
__ HELiI" WAXTED FEMALE— Con.
MRsT M. E.^DA Y ft'cb . : . . ..Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. -
2 head waitresses, . $25 and $35; 4 waitresses,
-flret-class cafe, Southern California, $25, half
fare; waitresses for Sacramento, Stockton.
Marysvllle, Turlock, Palo 'Alto, .- San Mateo,
Holllster, Petaluma; 2 waitresses, springs,
! free fare both ways; 12 waitresses, city,' $20;
chambermaid, $18 -
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ¦
Cook, $25, and second girl, $20, same family,
see lady here;, cook. $30, country, see lady
9:30; many others. MRS.'M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
HOP PICKING— Wanted. 2000 men. women and
children to pick hops; pleasant work; crop
very heavy; easiest picking; hop dances
nightly; good music; good camping accom-
modations; tents rented cheap; wood and
plenty good water free. Groceries at city
prices; stores, bakery and postofflce on
ranch. Picking commences August 12 at
Horstville Ranch, 2 miles east of Wheatland,
on Bear River. Apply or address. P. M.
ROONEY. Horstville, " CaL, or HORST
, BROTHERS. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
WANTED-rCompetent young woman to cook
for. 2 in family; some housework; small wash;
no windows: references. Apply to-day at
. 1321 Leavenrworth st.
WANTED— Young lady desiring to study nurs-
ing in a hospital. Apply to DR. DEANE.
606 Sutter St., Wednesday at 4 p. m.
FORELADY for ladies' underwear in our fac-
tory; must have some experience; steady
position. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome.
NURSE wanted — Good salary and steady situ-
ation to suitable person. Inquire at Pacific
Hebrew. Home, Silver ave.. and Mission Bt.
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister st.:" first-class teaching. ¦ *
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on ladles' gar-
ments. , r Apply 22 Grant ave.
YOUNG woman for country, cook, wash, assist
with general housework; $20. S28 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; sleep
home; wages $12. 1007 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with or without a child
for housework; wages $12. 315 Third st.
WANTED — Girl to do light housework and as-
sist in store. 9S4 Folsom st. ' i
WANTED— Bright woman: good talker; for
I flrst-class position. Box 4.'.24, Call office.
YOUNG girl for general housework; adults;
reference. 1930 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. S. F. M. Co.. 523 Market st.
i TAILORESS to help on custom coats. 214 Sev-
enth St.
WANTED— Girl to do Eeneral housework and
.-plain cocking: wages $20. 911'.4 Larkin st.
GIRL for ccneral housework and assist in
cooking. 522 "Golden Gate ave.
GIRL wanted for housework; wages $20. 1279
O'Farrell st. . \' .
EXPERIENCED waist hands: also apprentice
girls; paid while learning. JUDA BROS., 105
Battery xSU
WANTED — Young lady to train for nurse; high
school graduate preferred. Apply bet. 6 and
7. 16G9 Jackacn St. ,
WANTED— Upstairs girl; sewing, waitress;
good wages; German preferred. Call at 211t
California st.; bet. 10 and 13 a. m.
WANTED— Good girl for housework; nice easj
place. lOOS*^ Market st., room 4.
GIRL for general housework. 1033 Market st.,
upstairs. 1 ¦ ¦
COMPETENT young lady to assist foreladj
In shirt factory; one who thoroughly under-
stands the business; state experience and sal-
ary expected. Box 4509, Call office:
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit:' stead}
. work; highest wages. Apply California Can
' neries Co., 425 Brannan st.
j . . ¦ : ; — ;
' WANTED Immediately, 'women and girls U
work on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 • Bran-
nan st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
bteady work nt good wages. Apply at FON
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners
Association, corner Fr3ncisco and Taylor sts
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
Fteady work at' good wages. Apply at CUT
j TING BRANCH, California' Fruit Canners
J Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
EXPERIENCED operator on button hole ma-
j chine; steady work: zood pay. Brenner-Ul-
man Co.. 17 Battery st." '
i "WANTED — Experienced operator on women's
wrappers: steady work; electric power; gooc
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework, $lo,
38 Silver st. - . ¦ .- -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ant
subscriptions has been established at 1091
¦Valencia ft.
i _i_»»— ———— »————— ————— — * __—-————- — — ¦ — j
i HELJ* WAXTED-MALK.
1 - "-, -, -^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 GEARY ST.
Wanted— fOO men .for new railroad work
Teamster?, laborers. trackmen. splicers,
strappers, section men. tunnelmen, rockmen,
drillers, hammermen, stone masons and help-
ers and blacksmiths
For S. P. and Santa Fe systems
And Cal and N. TV. Ky at
Ukiah
Nevada
Truckee
Bakersfleld
Cdast Road
'......... Chatsworth Park
]" Santa Barbara Division
Wages $1 75 to $4 a day.:.....
Free fare.., Ship to-day.: Free fare
*>00 laborers and teamsters for Great North-
en Railrocd in State of Washington. $2. a
day; board $4 50 a week
200 laborers for large electrical company,
co'untry. ?- 25 a day. fare paid...
30 hammer and drill men for a quarry, $2 25
. a day. free fare ......; :.
I Engineer and electrician for hotel plant,
J55 and board: blacksmith, country shop. $2 &0
a day and board and fare paid: blacksmith,
railroad camp. 13 a day; blacksmith Tor re-
sort. Lake Tahoe. $45 and fare pald.....V:....
' 20 lumber pliers. $35 and board: 50 labor-
. ers for sawmills and woods. $1'6 to $30 ami
; fares paid; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others ,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
: Head laundryman: first -class hotel chef for
¦' larse hotel. tiiO; sec.ind cook. restaurant,
north $75: night cook, railroad camp, $3.1
and free fare: night cook; city, $60; night
cook. . country, $45; second cook. $40; dlsh-
1 washer $25. resort, near city: man and wife
to wash dishes. $33; 10 dishwashers and kitch-
en hands, $25 and $30; yardman, country hotel.
J27 TO ..*. • •
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
4 ITALIAN stone-cutters, $3 day: deckhand for
dredger, $35 and found; all-round laundry
man. $35 'and board; Ironer a-mi polisher, $33
an r i found: laundry man and wife, $30 and
found; farmer and wife. $40; man .for small
• dairy and wife to cook for summer boarder*.
$60- "milkers. $30; farmers. SSO: man about
place, $25 to 530; teamsters, $2. $2 25 and $4
'¦ dav; sheep herder. $2:> to SCO: 2 boys to fell,
fruit. 7oc day. niul others. J. F. CROSETT
' & CO., 62S Sacramento st. - ¦¦ ." ¦'
HOTEL cook, . country, $40; boarding-house
; cook, $40: cook and wife. $45; 2nd-hand bread
i ' baker. $11 week and found: yardman for re-
) ' «ort $25' potwnshers, dishwashers. porters
) and'others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., S2S Sac-
. ramento st.- •_ ¦
! AT the California Employment Agency.
59 Third st. ; nhone Bush 405.
' 100 R. R. laborers
.' L. A. and Santa Barbara division.....
- DO R. R. teamsters and laborers... .$2 per day
' FOR UKIAH
: FREE FARE :
' 60 laborers. $2 25 per day. country, company's
: own work, fare advanced
. 20 carpenters rough work ...$3 50 per day
' . ¦ .FARE ADVANCED
40 shovelers. $1 £0 per day and found
6 men for quarry, $2 2.'. per day, see boss here
9 a. m., free fav — ...............'.
. Cook, country.: ....$60 per month
• S F EMPLOYMENT Office.." 633 Clay st.
BOO R. R. men........ '-..;......... 300 teamsters
I SANTA-FE ...............'....
SANTA BARBARA . ....... ......
UKIAH : .....
Free fare Ship to-day Free fare
1 ' Construction work. ship to-day.Fare advanced
] 200 laborers ..:... .$2 25 a day
! PANTRYMAN for springs, free fare both way?;
' call early. MRS. M. E. , DAY & CO.. 335
' Geary st. - . ¦¦'¦¦'¦'
i A—HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pantryman; springs. 525. free fare; waiter,
country, $30. -. y <¦ : ' >. . - v .:'- : ". ¦¦
¦ WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
. elation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127; Mason st. <¦ "
i JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
» Free employment, s 927 Market st.. .room 207.
i I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176. .
• BOY. to run errands. BELASCO & J HARRIS
I CO.. 541 Market st. '
MEN. 'girls and -beys wanted. -Apply at
¦ AMERICAN CAN CO.. 7th and Townsend sts.
• WANTED— Experienced ' ' domestic ' salesmen.:
" : Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
[ BARBER to '-work Saturdays and Sundays; or
Saturday evening and Sunday.: 1205 Fillmore.
:-. BOY wanted to ; learn drug -business. Address
box 4518. Call office. • . :.
EMPLOYBIEJNT WANTED—FEMALB. '
DRESSMAKING done "• VerfTeaTonabie; also ]
, plain sewing. 501 Leavenworth st.. corner
O'Farrell. room- S. :'.' " • '^ .-¦-¦"'¦ '
YOUNG experietited German nurse wishes en-
gagements as lady's nurse. 1321 Mason St.
•WINCHESTER House 44 Third . St., nr. Mar- ;'
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; Jl 50 to
$6. week; convenient and respectable; free bus
¦¦ and baggage to and from ferry. ¦ ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recehed at Call branch office. -2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED MAWS.
A RELIABLE rnanT_nd~wTfe wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in
the country or stock ranch; good references.
!-¦ Address T. P., 1519 Howard St.
MARRIED couple, wife Al cook and house-
keeper; man good waiter; handy with tools
.and generally useful; country preferred. Box
4516. Call office. ; - .
YOUNG man experienced bicycle and automo-
- bile wishes position. U. SANDONA, 6a9
Broadway. • ' - ¦''•¦ '" ' ' '¦-'
SITUATION wanted— By young man of 22. as
collector; 3 yearsVexperier.ee in the fire in-
surance business; references. Box 4ao3,.iaii.
FIRST-CLASS colored man wishes posttion_as
porter: flrst-class references. Address PAUL
/ANDERSON, 18 Stockton place. _____
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant shi p-
plngr clerk in wholesale house: has had experi-
ence. Address box 4552, Call office. ': --:
A FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes position.
Box 454S. , Call office. '. . ¦ . :
A SOBER and industrious man desires position
on a private place or Institution; understands
vegetable and flower gardening, milk: handy
man all round; good references. F. H.. .New
Atlantic Hotel, Montgomery ave., city, rm. a4.
ACCOUNTANT, cashier, correspondent, 27,
, competent and experienced office manager;
absolutely highest Indorsements. Box. 3io9,
Call office. . ¦ -- ¦'
GOOD all around man wants position in private
place; understands care of horses and garden;
good driver; -can milk; good references. Box
3715. Call office. . ¦ -
YOUNG man,, fine penman and accurate with .
figures, desires position in office: small salary:
oariv furnish references if required. • Adaressi
box 4513. Call office^ ¦ r-
MIDDLE-AGED man.- familiar with the city,
wants to drive and care for 1 dr 2 horses.
Box 4522, Call office. ¦ ' - '
SITUATION- wanted by German couple: can j
cook and attend to horses and do any kind of j
farm work. Box 3716, Call office. ______
SITUATION wanted as French chef cook ; ho-
te-1: city or country. P. L.. 275 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on coats wants situa-
tion. Apply 521*6 -Howard st. ED STONE.
MAN and wife, Danes, want position in the
country or city. Pox S7:i. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . " •' ' :
FEATHERS REXOVATED.
FEATHER pillow? & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.lS33 Valencia;tel.Capp 2632.
FINANCIAL.
$ioioOO^VANTED on mining property in Califor-
nia; sale pending for a portion of It for $250,- \
000; good interest paid; also bonus on sale.
Address or -call on C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
st. room C. ._ -
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.J— We
have 42 offices In operation: new method of
placinc stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
I BRUCE place. 33-41 bet. Seventh and Eighth
sts.. off Folsom- and Harrison ave.— Sunny
Hats or 4 rooms; newly painted and papered;
yard; cellar; rent $3 and $3. :
$25— FIRST flat. 7 rooms; ?27 50, -upper flat. 8 !
rooms; new house; fine finish: concrete base-
ment and bath: 2 toilets to each flat: latest
Improvements. .130 Second ave., nr. California.
A— RENT reduced; new; marine view; 8 rooms;
bath. *M14 Van Nes.i ave.. near Union st.
A— Four brand new flats. 8 rooms, bath each.
11S2 to 1192 Ellis st., near GoukIi.
DK LONG live.. 21— Flat, 5 sunny rooms and
bath. . .
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms and bath, yard and
basement. 124 Page st.
FOLSOM. 1136— L large sunny rooms and bath; |
rent $13. • j
LARGE elclit-room modern upper flat; attic,
cellar. Northwest. corner Page and Shrader.
l-tl2-'0-:S3 SHIPLEY st.. near Sixth; flat; bath,
iK«5: nice yard: sunny. .' '
I FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; rent $30. Cor.
Hayes and Webster sts.'.V
NINKTEF.NTH. 4054. near Castro— Flat of four
rooms' and bath. • '
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICE S-rocm flat and bath; sunny side: all
modern Improvements: to n responsible party
only on 2 years' lease. Apply from 10 to 5
o'clock, ui'2 Oak st. i
j SHOTW'ELL. l"08A— Flat 5 furnished rooms and
I bath: rent *18:
j FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
PINE. 7S1— For sale, nicely furnished flat 6
rooms: reasonable: located near corner Pow-
ell: 3 roomers In bouse; good proposition
first comer. ¦
FCRXITURB FOR SALE.
• 4 ROOMS furnished In oak. MS f,n. with No. 7
range. Kinir Furniture Co.. 1127-1121 Market.
FOR SALE— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; partly fur-
lilshed; rent ?'5. S01 Post Pt.
FURNISHED flat 7 rooms for sale. 83 City
Hall ave.: call 2 to 4.
\ . KliUNITURB WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 14G2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phPne Jessie 2071. _, |
Auctioneer: W. P. Bcnuonarap, 2 Golden Gate
ave.: tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160. |
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for secondi-liand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk 694.
rurniture and.furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
rvXT^Tnev7ir"glove,. retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In. repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— 6 MORE waitresses, same flrst-class hotel,
$25 and found: steady work the whole year;
collars, cuffs und aprons washed by the house.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN St. CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
For Southern California
iO waitresses. Los Angeles and San Diego:. $25
, Fancy Ironers - '. $35
Laundress, country. hotel, free fare... $30
¦Waitress, springs, steady place year round. $20
to - waitresses, city and commercial hotels
1 . $20-$25
2 chambermaids, country hotel $-0
2 chambermaids, city $20-$18
Cooks," city and country hotels.......'. f35
Pantry girl, country hotel.. ...$25
Silver pantry girl, hotel.... $25
Practical forelady, laundry, country.
Cook and waitress, small hotel $45
v. '...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
: , Cooks, housesrlrls, second girls, nurses. $10-$25
C. It. HANSEN &-CO..... 104 Geary st.
• A SCANDINAVIAN girl for cooking and house-
• . . work, $25. office fee raid.
' C. R.'HANSEN & CO .-. ...'.. 104. Geary st.
• A COOK and dishwasher. Institution. $35-$25.
I C. R. HANSEN & CO.. :.'.....'. ..104 Geary st.*
. "A FIRST-CLASS cook. $T>: chambermaid and
laundress. $25. same liouse. y
i C. R. HANSEN & CO. :..... .104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook. . Mt. View, $30 San Mateo,
$30;, no wash;- Mill Valley. ; $:!0:. house-
' Kill, 2- in family, $30: Scandinavian house-
I keeper, $20: cook. $30; second girl. $25. same
house; kitchen maids. $20. Institution; !> walt-
! resses,. $20. city and resorts: chambermaid
«.nd . waitress", nice resort; - $25: nurse. $15.
leep home; rest:,- .waitress,'. $8 a' week:. man
i and • wife, hotel. $45: ft cooks, plain wash,
t *30: German governess, ' $25. J. F. "CROSETT
¦ -CO., 316 Sutter st. . ,
A— HOTEL ' GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.,
room 12.'
6 waitresses, country hotel. $20. free fare.
5 EXPERIENCED hands on power machines
for ladies wear. " (Jail this afternoon; private
¦ , factory. ."• Enterprise Manufacturing Co," '135
t 1 Grove st. -. ¦ ¦'.¦ i.vS- .'V./ : " >v ; : ."
WANTED— Girl -.to tend laundry office and
assist In laundry: wages $4 per week. 114
r ¦ : Hayes st. . - ¦ , • . > ¦• . ; .,-_. . , . ¦ -. ¦ .-.>-.
- YOUNG etrl for general housework ' and , cook-
t Ing .-in small family; German, or. Scandlna-
' vlan ' 864 McAllister st. . - ' - . >.
• WANTED— Experienced - salesladies. Apply at
• HALE BROS.:, between 8 and 11 *• ~». _.
, GIRLS, men Rnd i boys • wanted. Apply, at
¦ American Can Co., Ninth and Townsend
SAJV FRAKCISCO CALX-
BUSINESS OFFICE ct The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 8:50 p. m.
S00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
f39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 19 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m. ¦. . n < ¦
JOS Eleventh street; open until S p. m.
3136 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
WO Fillmcre street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING yOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. _»
M.— D. 3d. THIS EVENING,- July 31.
at 7:::<> o'clock. Py order or the W. M. J&jK
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. . / ~ >
ORIENTAL Lodsfe No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Oiact-r* and members are request- -.#%.
rd to attend tlie funeral or I'ETER A. j£j\
OLUTE. l ate D ast master Volcano ' ~F *•
Lodge No. 56. F. and A. M., from the Masonic
Temple. WEDNESDAY, at 1:30 p r m. Master
Maeons relatives and friends are cordially
invited. A. S. HUEBARD. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16S. F. and A. ¦_"
M.-Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-^V_
DAY) EVENING. July 31. at 7 o'clock VX
sharp. Third degree. Master Masons / ~r '
i cordially invited. Banquet for members only.
By order of the W. M.
H. J. OWEN, Secretary-
MISSION Lodge No. 169^ F. and A. M.— _»
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) mf%~
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- » ! _ r V
Eree J R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. <3_"_ffl_i>.
O F — Members will meet in — rygsgxg
hall WEDNESDAY. July 31. at "r'^Wte*-
l:S0 p. m. to attend funeral of «»«*»
our late brother. JAMES DAVIS, T. G. i
A. >V. BENEDICT. N. G.
NATIONAL UNION. Call- •__ej_H_B5T2__
rornla Council. meets
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer "' V "H
Hall, Fourth street, at ,.,-,»
S o'clock (in its new hall). \ Isitins friends
cordially invited. By order
W A. S. NICHOLSON. .President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso-
ciation— The regular meeting of the ',__!,<!_"
nbove association will be held at _^Ji__»
hall ZSt Pest st.. THrnSDAY. Aug-
ust L at 7:30 p. m. AH members are requeEt-
*wJ to be present, as amendments to the con-
stitution and by-laws and other important
business will come up for consideration. By
order of the president.
L. TRAUKG, Recording Secretary.
ETABLEMEN'S Union No. S7C0-Speclal meet- |
ins WEDNESDAY. July 31, 1901. 102 O'Far-
rell st., S:30 p. ni.
WM. P. FLINN. President.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Come
and ppe your friends at the Rebel Cork picnic,
SUNDAY NEXT. Aupust 4. at Shell Mound
Park: everybody will be there; the rate and
Fame prizes which have helped to give this j
picnic the reputation which it now has will |
excel in value and number all previous pic- I
nics; $S50 alone in cash prizes; also a Domes- 1
tic s=ewins machine, value J75. which Is on j
display in the window of 1021 Market St.; a j
ur.icn oand second to none will be in attend-
ance at the j.iavilicn, also flrst-class music
for reel and jig dancing. Don't forget the
date. SUNDAY. August 4, 190L '
ANNUAL meetirc— The Risdon Iron and Loco- j
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo- ]
tivp Works for the flection of trustees for the i
rnsuinp year and the transaction of such ¦
other business as may be brought before the I
mwtini? will be held at the office of the com- ;
P— ny. southeast corner of Beale and Howard
Fts.." Kan Franc'.s^o. on MONDAY, the 3th |
<!ay of Augus-'t. 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m. j
' L. R. ?.l»f:AD. Secretary.
AGESTS WASTED. :
LADY an-! gentlemen solicitors wanted to sell ;
the most popular Diamond contract on the j
market: good pay to high erade eo'loltors:
eJao wart representatives for Oakland. Ala- ¦'
meda. Berkeley and surrounding towns. Call j
or address room T^n. Parrott building. :
PERMANENT position for goad salesman: j
m_ r st corn over S10O monthly: ex-teacher. In- j
surance or book salesman preferred. Pacific \
Newspaper Union. TC7 Market St., S. F. •
LADIES ami gentlemen agents wanted in every !
town on the Pacific Coast; commission or sal- j
ary to right parties. 1Z2~ Market St.. room 3. j
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MIIS. |
DR FUNKH 141C Eirl'th St.. Alameda, I
p _——¦—————. —————————————————————— {
ASPUAMTM ROOFIXG. i
J. PELTIER*, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- !
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frce;f!ivorees private ;bankruptcy; rol- ,
lections ;attachments: mortgages; bills of sale; j
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open !
eve's. THURSTON. ]00S'4 Mkt., r. 4. op. ;.th. '
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; i
no fee without success; collections. G. \V. j
HOWE, any at law. t>50 Market. ccr.Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J. i
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 2S-2S.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. j
¦U'. DAVIDSON, t'27 Market St.. opp. Mascn. I
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar- !
ket St.; consultation free: no- fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW AXS O_,D.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2?J6
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-70C-708 Mission at.
BOARDING FOK CHILDREN.
A WIDOW (German) would like a young
child or baby to Voard; a good hom» and a
mother's care. MRS. R1CHTER, *U1 Third
ave., Richmond.
LADY wishes 2 or 3 children; ages 3 to 6 years-
good home. Box _2-:S. Call office. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er s care; HO up; sunny yard. 16C7 California.
A GERMAN l£.dy wishes children to board day
week or month; sunny y3rd. 439 Minna st. '
lirSLSESS CHANCES.
A— $450— Candy store on Ellis St.; dal!y~receTpta
about Jlu; rent $iG: good business. Call H
G. WILKE. 2C'j Kearny st.
A— $27iO— BARROOM on Market St.. close to
Chronicle; dally receipts from $35 to $AV r-nt
SKiO; a good business. Inquire R. W. WILKE
26% Kearny st.
A— $6uO; SALOON, established many years In
choicest business part or this city; !ow renf
investieate at once and you will find a iirst-
claEs paying business. Call R. G. WILKE
*$% Kearny st.
A— S1000: General merchandise store. with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years ar.d doing a splendid busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny st.
A— J900: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms. 4th
and Market sts.; net rent 522; rare chance-
bargain. CcVJi.jG^yriLKE. 2CM: Kearny bL
A— ll~/Ms: COFFEE saloon and restaurant' one
MocU south of Market ft.: dally receipts from
130 up; <.Wrins about J4C0 per month; a rare
• hance. CaH R. G. WILKE. 2C',j Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon In the verv
l>es.t location: established 10 years; rent }40-
<!e«th in family cause of sale aiid a great sac-
rifice. S<e I:. G. WILKE. X\j Kearny st.
A-I1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and f!rst-ola?s
paying restaurant clo?e to Chronicle buildine-
oome. investigate ami you will find a eplen-
«*.id Inrectmeat. Call R. G. WILKE 26'A
Kearny set.
100 CIGAR standf. 200 candy stores. 300 groce-
ries ariri bare. 400 saloons. SCO bakeries C00
ftores cf ell kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from: tall in and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES _ CO.. S3S Market.
I A CHANCE of » lifetime; fine confectionery
pr.d ice-cr^rm htcre. with cigars: daily cash
bus'.ness. $20: pop. 3Q,M0; can be fully investl-
KsU'd: ov.-ner polng East: sold reasonably If
*t once. MARION OP.IFFIN. 719 Market st.
CHANCE to acquire the best located candy
r.r.d Icei-re.am parlor* In the city: owner must
leave th«» Ptat« fmnied'.at.ely; will take half
Its valt;*. P.uslrx-ss Ursrd of Tr .. 22G Pine.
A— FIRST-CLASS saloon located north of and
near Market Ht.: cood business location; prex-
owner has other business and must sac-
rifice. ArZ'iy box 4.'2T. Call office.
A— PUINTI.VG iniRincsi; larce transient trade;
jr.CO. W. MITCHELL. 120C Market st.
CANDY. n<>Mon. stationery store; near school
COt McAllister st.
FOR pall-— Aerosol's Chophouae, Sutro Heights;
low r?r.t;- floljyj good business; the owner
lcavliifi- for Europe.
FOIt sale— First-flasn ' <0-can milk route: 2
horses end wagem: fl nc depot. Box 2718. Call.
. CVS & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Artdress g. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
KALOON for pale cheap or take a partner. 649
Commercla! Kt.. near Kearny.
FOR SALT!;— Cfieap. srroc*ry and bar and 4 bed-
rooms. 1222 Natoma st.
WANTEtL for cash on short notice— Groceries,
fcardwaf?. tr.«rchandtee. 14 McAllister, r. 16.
GOOD paylnxr rests. urant and lodging-house:
21 miles t rcm city. Address bo_ 3943. Call.
|1200— A Call agency In a city near San Fran-
clsco. Box 2733. Call office.
BCSUfESS CHANCES— CqntlMtiejt.
WANTED— An honest ana sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to _ c o rre *
r ponding, etc.; cash receipts about $l»00 to
12000 per month. Address GEORGE MA Y-
ERL.E, German Expert Optician. 1071V4 Mar-
ket Bt.. San Francisco. _¦ ¦
HOTEL— 50 rooms: newly furnished: prosperous
Interior city; commercial patronage; rent »14o.
Further particulars Of the Railway Hand-.
Book Publishing Co., 29 Montgomery Bt.
FOR BALE— A bargain: a small restaurant
with 20 steady boarders; can rent 3 living
rooms, furnished. Apply at 829 Howard st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lQJt>
Valencia st. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
•CODGING-HOCSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL AND BAR •••••
70 rooms fine country town.»_....«.
Cl'ear'g $250; price $1800. DECKER, 10M_ _______
H io£- iSSSPb? ; ' oppV • Firth" • tViV muu" y^
26 Years In Business in This City
Offers for Sale and -«hanRC.........
100 rcomlng-houBes. 10 to 500 rms $o0 to $«.000
150 lodging-houses. 6 to COO rms.. $100 to. 20.000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms, SSO to............ 7oO
60 private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, 590 to... 2.000
SI boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms., $3aO to 10.000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to I 8.0C0
40 grocery stores. $400 to »'_2_
20 candy stores. $300 to 6-000
40, saloons. ?40O to 'Vimn !
10 cigar stores, $300 to l.^W
500 other businesses, all kinds. tlOO to.. 20.000
100 vacant lots. $25 to •"¦"V ( .V n ";"' J,'nna
75 houses and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. 50.000
5 chicken ranches, $400 to.. 1.-JW
60 ranches, everywhere, $300 to "*.,
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market St. and S Stockton St. __¦.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
GO r.; rent $:C0: fine family' hotel ?£000
34 r. ; cor.; rent $110: good fur. and carp.. Zoiw
?5 r.: rent $110; residence, good. clrs. $.100.. 1900
Money loaRed on deferred payments; lli p. c. I
10 r.; rent $75: new carp.: pt. housekpg... ljOO j
1* r.: rent J60: Al loc. : nice home 6?0 f
fi r.; rent $35; downtown; fur. & car. gd... 3oO
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying. •
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered.
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent |
cheap.' Apply R. M'COLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ery Et. 1# «om 3.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st
An elegant 11-room house; oak furniture; |
A beautifui'bonie on Van Xess: 14 boarders:
large income: $1100
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing j
J400 per month: in the exclusive residential
center: cost $9000: now $7000.
MARION' GRIFFIX. 719 Market, the real estate |
hgent — Money to loan— payable monthly or:
yearly; no charge when you list your house |
with "me; call at office for list; here are some j
samples: 22 rooms, rent $25. clears $100 snap. .
JSOO: 40 rooms, central, rent $100. see this house. ,
SisOO: 16 rms.. rent J50. 1 block Mkt.. $6oO; 14 |
rooms, rent $30. housekeeping, no wora. $oC0. j
ATTENTION, BUYERS! !
You may buy any rooming-house In
the citv and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DOXALP INVESTMENT CO.. SSO Market.
WINSTON _ WOLF. 1026 Market st
Telephone Jessie 2211 j
22 rooms; rent $"5; near Market *S0O >
25 rooms: rent $75: N. of Market 1S50 ¦
2S rooms; cheap rents: reduced to Hf" !
IS rooms: rent tZd; clears t?o SoO j
20 rooms: Third st.: rent $00 »->'J j
I-5EFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency. <
Everything thoroughly Investigated: a trial .
McBRIDE & CO lClS Market st. j.
SELECT your homes from the largest list In j
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100 |
to ST.O.COO: hundreds to choose from. WALTER i
HAYES & CO.. S3S Market St.
THE largest ar.d best list of lodging-houses
and hotel* can be found nt office of
G \V. SCHWEINHARD. phene Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE, near Market St.: new,
pood furniture. McLaughlln & Co.. 77714 Mkt.
MINNA 322— A furnished liouse or S rooms; sold .
at sacrifice: account sickness.
J3ro— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms, furnished, j
! SC4Vi Mission st. __^ j
! BARGAIN— 10-room lodging-house furnished ]
| complete: all full: rent cheap. Call S10 Sl-th. j
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
| Call. 16 pages. f">nt to any address in the
| United States or Canada one year for $1. j
i - SPIRITUALISM. ' !
j _- „„,.„, ... ~,,~,^, !
! COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances; |
I Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p.m.. 5Oe: you can speak j
i to your spirit friend:! face to face and recog- |
i nize them: give names: has received medals j
j frotn many countries; taken last world's !
j record meda! at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; tel. j
j 227S Larkin st. ; - |
j MRS. J. .T. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam- j
! inos ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant: i
i treats, cures sick: cancer removed without j
I use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellis- i
j rt. car; sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461. j
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and ]
life rpader: mining a MV"dalty: cir. Sun. Wed.
! and Fri. evenings. S8 McAllister st. (no sign).
i CHAS. BROCKWAY. 2ftc seance Sunday and
j ThurFday. S p. R_; ever/ one gets a test; pri-
vate, readings daily. 299 Hyde st.. cor. Eddy.
i MME. MAXWELL, spiritual meetlner »o-nlght:
j convincing .test readings dally. 12HS Howard j
j 8t.. 8 p. m. |
¦ ! |
i JOHN SLATER— Circles. 2.1c: Sun.. Hon., Frl. I
] eves.. 8:17.: Wed. aft.. 2:4.">: sit. 10 to 4 except J
I Sat. and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich, j
MRS. GILL1NGHAM. spiritual meeting ?:1", p.
m.. 10c;bringsealedquestions.n05Larkin;take el.
[ MRS. HTJBBARTV 103 Oak; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 8 |
i p.m.; W<-d.. 2:50 p.m., 10c: readings dally. Me. ;
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 205 McAllister-Mrs. C. .1. j
M-yer: sittings daily; test to all to-nlglH.lOc. i
| EDWARD EARLE. 22S Ellis— Headings dally: i
I seance. Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601. i
; CLAIRVOYANTS. i
! MME. M. BERNARD. ;
THE FAMOUS ¦ . i
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium, permanently j
iorafed at 37 Third St., next Examiner blder. She !
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past. ieve- Is tlie present hap- j
penln^s and portrays events to occur In the fu- !
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un- j
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcom« i
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; ]
2T>c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. j
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. " ' j
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant end palmist,
jrlvr-s advice !n all affair? of life; gives names, |
Tact:=. figures, with full predictions In nil love '
t.flairs: not one failure; letters answered. 118 ,
Turk Kt.. flat 3. ¦ |
MRS. DP.. F. CLARK, the well-known trance j
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar- I
k«t st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and ,
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- |
nnteed by mail: send Btarnp for pamphlet j
v.-ltli special terms. Daily and Sunday. -
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast; ]
be succeeds when others fall: ' permanently
located at J2.> Turk st. : readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; nevor fails: luis the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 21c up; satisfaction to everybody;
rures diseaFes by sympathy. 215V; Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles flOe. .
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit.. $1 30. 126 Turk.
j A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
I scopes cast; lessons given, EOc: hours 11 to 1
', end 4 to 6. 14S Sixth st.. room 22.
I
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
fob: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
i UP to date: Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never falls;
25c And EOc. 1205 Mission Bt.. cor. Sth. ¦
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant; card reader,
test medium; 23c. 777 Market St., room 18.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, i card reader;
ladles 25c, cents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist:
past, present, future: 25c. 1CS 6th, 2d floor.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a,m. to 8 p.m. : COc. 215 Leavenworth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c 262 Minna st.. near Fourth.
Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
, MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46:
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; £5c. 1149 Mission.
; MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant; card reader;
sittings dally. 448^4 Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted -with, poor -work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer: Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama et.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 8c; laying. 3c: renovating, -Be up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott lolO.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East l-b.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM._Proprle_tor__
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. faouth 2oO.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth ct. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates: STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 914.
CHIROPODISTS. '
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, warts: pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.; Chronicle big., rm. <C.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. " Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ,
COTTAGE, 714 Florida st.; large yard and cel-
lar; near Twentieth; rent ?9. ¦ ' - - .**
LOVELY sunny cottage. S rooms, bath; gar-
dens; yard. S5 Cumberland, nr. Dolores; $20.
SUNNY cottage of 6 rooms and bath. 1S2S
Bugh St. '¦ . - ' ¦
________
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS.' 927 Market ¦ street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural .ami
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10;. teetii
without plate; painless extraction. -',. .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your txlractlons done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
?3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $1 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings -by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: latfy attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O"Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, to; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., C Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR." H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, ?4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices fn S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 569 Mission St., cor. Cth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 33U Polk Et.
DETECTIVK AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Sprechels building,
rooftis 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 381.
DKESSJIAKKIIS A."\I> SEA.IIS'l'RESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Cliss rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt |
atttention. 1"1 Post, over O'Connor & Mcffatt. j
EDUCATIONAL^ 1$
AYRES* Leading Business College, 723 Market—
JS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
- Ing. bookkeeping, ptn'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers: new
typewriters: positions secured: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Farrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing: and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
eliortiiatid; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. K.0: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredit. J preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colletw. references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
liOOICKEEPIXG. figures: the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkecp-
; «rs is TARR. the export. 220 Pnrrott bldg.
i MERRILL-MILLER College— Short ha nd7*"typ-
! Inpr. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 4^-43. Par-
! rott bldg.; Individual instruction: catalogue, j
j ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlnlng.mech.Fur- I
! vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S ( *4. V«n
j der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. Citv Hall.
j ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
I associated with theatrical ntrency (securing
j positions. Alcazar ¦ building:.- 124 O'Farrell st.
! A FULL courso of Ellis bookkeeping and the
I Gregg shorlliantl costs only f 60. San Fran-
! Cisco Business Cones' 1 . 123S Market Bt.
' HEALD'S Business f'ollpce. "4 Post St.. R. F. :
; founded lfC3: new 80-page, catalogue free. j
' High School students— The Wee?:lyC:eomr!rv Pa- {
. pers make home study easy: circulars. 3040 JSt'i.. j
I PIANO and German; pupil of L*lps>ic Conservn- |
I lory: lessens 7Jc and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave. I
| ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
[ etc.; day or. eve. ; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, pultar
lessons. "lOo; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
EJ,KCTRO-THEn ArECTIC.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blooil nnd constitutional diseases.
Prs. K. &- K.'s Elertric Sanitarium. S Mason.
! ~ EXCHANGE.
j ments: corner lot: on Clinton ave.: JG500.
j House of 5 rooms; lot, size 100x140: will ex-
l change fcr city property: a Krpat bargain.
IK. I>. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park St.. Alameda. j
j EXCHANGE and sales office. .".21 Phelan bldg.—
• Sf-nd particulars of anything you have for ex-
! change, snle or want: registration free; genu-
ine oil lands, gold, eoporr mines, ranches, etc.
EMPI.OY3IKXT OFFICES.
i JAPANESE and Chinese help of all "kinds*;
I <!<>oks. waiters and bouse servants. GEO.
I AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.j^tel. Hush 13."..
! ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese,' Chi-
i nese help. 42fi Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. l>Iack f>072.
, CHINESE and Japanese, employment office —
! Best help. 411'^ O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42fi.
i REMARLE Jnpanese-Chinese employment of-
i fire; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
I ISMPLOYJJIENT WANTED — FEMALE.
(BOOKKEEPER and typewriter, lady, experi-
j enced, first-class double entry bookkeeper, de-
1 sires position; best references; salary moder-
| ate. Box 4528, Call office.
YOUNG colored girl would like to take care of
I a child; $15; come home at night. 107. Bernard
j St.. between Broadway and Pacific, off Leav-
I en worth.
AN experienced woman* wonts a place from 9
to 3 in luncli house, restaurant or boarding
¦ house to wait or help In kitchen. Call or
I address 9 Tehama st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
places together In hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house; best reference. 242 Natoma St.,
basement. . . .
YOUNG woman wants a place to do general
housework and cooking In a private family.
! Call at 314 Lasuna St., near Oak. i
| DRESSMAKING, family sewing; silk waist;
I children's wear., neatly done; reasonable; ref-
] erence. 12CG Grove st., near Scott. . .
! VISITING governess to young children; 1 Eng-
[ llsh branches; music; experienced teacher,
¦i 413V4 Oak st.
I MIDDLE-AGED couple want an Infant or small
: child to board from responsible party; bett of
.care. MRS. PLYM, East Berkeley P. O.. Cal.
i RESPECTABLE young lady, wishes: upstairs
work in nice hotel or private boarding-house.
Box 4549. Call office. '¦
GIRL wants situation . as cook In American
family; good reference; wages ?25 to $30. Call
1248 Howard Et.. near Tenth.
GOOD cook wishes a situation; will, assist
' with washing and ironing. ' AppLy 214 Fifth.
WOMAN wants- position as housekeeper; . is a
good cook; best of-references. Call 2222 Post
GENERAL housework: a good cook;; $25. 244
Van Ness ave. __ ;
A POSITION to do general housework and cook-
. Ing, or as housekeeper In nice family, by com-
petent young woman with boy 8 years. 135
Flllmore st. . •. . .. . .
RESPECTABLE, reliable girl wishes to do light
housework for 2 or 3 adults: moderate wages;
no postals. Call at "209 Flllmore st. =¦
YOUNG lady wishes a position as waitress or
chambermaid. Address 1667 Mission St. .'
A ¦ REFINED, reliable . girl i wants - housework
and good home in small family of adults; .is
good cook; $20 to $23. F. S.'.-.box 4515. Call. •.
YOUNG woman, : flrst-class' English cook,
wishes situation In small family where a sec-
ond girl is kept; $25 upward.' Box ' 2289.* Call,"
Oakland.
HELP WAKTED- -MALE— <?o».
A— MURRAY &~READY7.....:.Fhone Main 5S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.:
;.-.; .Office open 7 a. m — .....".
6000 K. R- men wanted .Free Fare
Los Anzeles '.
¦ .;.... ....B."P. R. K. Co.'s own work «-.
Santa liarbara ...:
Uklah :
:....Cal. N.-W. R. R
¦ " Uklah
Santa Fe R. R
75 teamsters, Ukiah free fara
100 laborers. Uklah .\ $2 day
50 steel, track and ballast men. Ukiah; car-
load laborers. S. P. R. K. Co.'s work. $1 73
day; 150 laborers, all divisions Santa Fe, free
free"fare..'.'.'.'.".'.'.'.'....V...".'.'.'.fkek fake
....Ship Free. Morning. Noon and Night —
.. MECHANICAL HELP
2 carpenters for a mine.. $30
! Wheelwrights, country shops, $2 50 a day
and $30 and found; rough carpenters, $2 50 a I
day; spool tender, small sawmill company, '
545; gang eduerman: 7 blacksmiths; 3 biaclt-
smith helpers; bolt and rivet maker. $3jlay..
LABORERS-TEAMSTERS
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
mines --$S9
10 laborers for electric power company. $2 _o
day; 15 laborers, dig ditches, $2 day; 10 men
to handle and pile lumber, 53 and $3 a0 day;
20 2-horse teamsters, country... $" day
20 4-horse teamsters, country $2 -a day
5 men to clear land, $10 and found: 5
graders $2 25 day; 10 drillers, $2 £3 and }2sO.
day
FARE PAID ........
6 teamsters, lumber company, north, $50, fare
paid; 2 crosscut sawyers; 2 grain warehouse-
men for ' ranch. $40. steady job; young man
drive delivery wagon and work In store..... -
Married driver, milk route ?*>
Deckhand for a dredger **»
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC ..........
I Working foreman, small ranch, see boss here.
32 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $2S and
$30; 27 men for hay and harvest fields; • mllK-
ers, $30 and $35; 9 choremen and boys
MARRIED HELP
Farmer and wife, small orchard, rvapa
County, $40, seS bo3s here; farmer and wife,
$60 ;
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
Cooks Stewards
Cook for an institution, country, boss here.
$50; cook, mine boarding house, see party
here. $60: camp cook, near city. $45; steward
for a club, country, $40; cook and wife, coun-
try hotel; 2 bakers' helpers, S23 and $30; 8
cooks, country-; 7 waiters, city and country,
$30: kitchen help: butcher and drive wagon.
MURRAY . & READY 634-636 Clay st.
BARBERS, notice-The office of the State Board
' of Barber Examiners will hold evening ses-
sions from S o'clock until 10 o'clock p. m. for
the purpose of issuing certificates. Emma
J Spreckels building, 927 Market St., room 204.'
P. W. DRAKE, Secretary. -
EXPERIENCED furniture teamsters, packers,
porters and trimmers: steadv jobs to capable
men; apply early. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
237 Post st.
I YOUNG mechanic with good knowledge of
{ motors and able to Invest few hundred dol-
I lars wanted Immediately; salary $100 monthly
to commence. Address box 4550, Call.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, waitresses, vege-
table men and dishwashers; register at
once; no fee. 127 Mason st.
BOOTBLACK wanted 1405 Polk St.
WANTED— Strong boy, about 16 years, for of-
fice. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Al pianist up in variety work; good
sight reader. Box 4547. Call office.
WANTED— 2 good whiteners at 252 Fifth st.
WANTED — Experienced men to solder cans.
Standard Packing Co.. 11 to 17 Herman St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ELDERLY man to work on small place; small
wages. 1G2U Devisadero, near Sutter.
WANTED— Good first-class dinner waiter at 301
Mason Bt. ; wages $3 50 a week.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1502 Kentucky St..
corner Twenty-second.
BOYS wanted. 132 New Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted at 20" Third st.
WANTED— A steady boy to drive, a butcher
wagon. 2532 Bu?h st. J
BOOTBLACK stand suitable for barber shop,
$5. 215 Sixth St., barber shop.
| WANTED— Good pastry baker for restaurant.
Ill Taylor st.
I AX errand boy wanted. 341H Stevenson st.
FOR SALE— Barber shop; must be sold at
once account of slclaiess. 2308 Howard st.
PANTS and vest makers for country. Apply
RE1SS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
MEN to learn barber -trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and "diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
CS5 Clay st. -. ¦ ¦ ;
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. Foi
I lurther information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over coast
and Hawaiian Islands: if mutually agreeable
party may purchase % interest of this branch;
state experience, ability, age, etc. A. B., bos
3754. Call office.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
se%vers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
j that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
nins "Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 2r*: per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Young man with some cash; $3C
month and board; no experience. 496 Fourth
St.; restaurant.
i PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS,
I Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
j G. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
BARKEEPER (German preferred): state refer-
| ences In application. Box 4525. Call.
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. Apply
, 725 Fourth St., San Rafael. Tel. Red 15.
¦ WANTED— Errand boy. Apply stall 55. Union
Square Market, bet. 1 and 3 p. m. *
' | SEVERAL good clerical positions open. Call
I at IGOS',4 Market St.. room 4.
I SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
! world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
• GET your shoes half-soled ' while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I McDONALD & PERRY have 5C0 pairs second-
| hand shoes for snle: 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED— A good photographer- and router.
: Address box 4438. Call office.
I WANTED— 3C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar.
! ket— 700 room?. 23c night: reading-rooms; free
; , "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
', CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office, 1200 Flllmore st.
r ;
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
oases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium. 230 Douclass St.. San Franclaco.
HOKSKS AM> WACOSS.
40 HORSES for sale; al?o wagons, buggies.
, carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
* 827 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
j ! SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
! ! LOST— Gray mare and business wagon. C. A.
WORTH. 316 Market ?t. •
' FOR sale — Cnmpins: wagon, light team and
harness. 1C02 Mission st.. room 2. .- : _. *..'-_
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
> $50— FINE buprgy and harness. 130 Second ave.,
j near California st.
ALL kinds of wagons, carts, harness.
; '/etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission ft.
' AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
, . camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
i , HORSKS WAXTED.
' HOUSES wanted to work on scraper job; fcut
j or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
J ery *t.. room 25.
HOUSES TO. LET. "
. A — PRINTED -list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery,
> GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1736— Elegant sunny resi-
' . dence, 12 to 14 rooms and' bath : fine marine
; 'view; large garden; heaters; 3 dancing halls.
.' HOUSE of 10 ' rooms, partly "furnished or un-
' furnished. Apply at premises. 1712 Bush st,
. FURNISHED HOUSES- — SUBURBAN.
• FOR rent In Ross Valley— Completely furnished
'. modern house of 11 rooms and bath: 5 mln-
! utfs' walk from Ross station. Apply box 43,
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE^ bureau ; estab. 1SS7; reliable & con-
fldentlal: llsta 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellla 8l
JlAT'VKfclSJiKS A.\O flLtOW!).
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
L.OST AIiU FOO.M).
TEN dollars reward— Lost, bar pin; six dia-
monds set in scroll work. Leave at HAM-
MERSM1TH & FIELD'S. 36 Kearny at.
LOST— Small black cat. Return to I4C6 How-
ard st. and receive reward.
LOST— A -white dog: answers to the name of
Beauty. Liberal reward. S20 Taylor st.
LOST— Gray mare and business wagon. C. A.
WORTH. 316 Market st.
LOST— A pass-book with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of RICHARD V. ¦ MCALLISTER. No.
215-614. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST or mislaid last Friday near Terry, gray
overcoat and handbag containing shaving ana
toilet outfit. Liberal reward by returning to
454 Tenth st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; suitable reward.
2517 Broadway st.
Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet< Powell and Mason.
MEDICAL. '
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire ta
obtain results promptly: 1 treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved - by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific method;' suar>
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all femal-
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
wlthoiit pain: best care: fee low: consult free.
. MRS. PR. ALLEN. Ills Market, nr. Mason.
Br. and Mrs. Davids, 1228 Market: our regulator
Is a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. TDK. DAVIE3"
original method of treatment; maternity
home: stamp for circulars. 112G Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
s skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
JUUAU9 AM) >U.\1AU.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— GOAL— COKE.
MONTEZ UMA— COPPER— COAL— COK E.
f ,
' Agreeably to promise we are enabled,
through the courtesy of California sharehold-
ers, who have Just . returned from a vUit to
the properties of Montezuma Mining Co., near
Fairfax. Washington, to present to the large
body of shareholders, who could not accom-
pany the excursion, and to prospective Invest-
ors as well, many strong letters of ccm-
mendation of both properties and management.
These letters are written by honorable men
who are competent to do their own thinking
and in* their reports tell "the whole truth and
nothing but the truth" of" the Montezuma's
great copper and coal properties. We repro-
duce below brief quotations from these letters
which are printed in full In circular form and
will be mailed free on application.'
• quotations.
"If there ever was a copper 'show' to make
stTckholders enthusiastic that is the 'Monte-
zuma's.' "
"My specimens, taken at random from Ihe
tunnels, contain better values than the ore
on exhibition at the company's offlce."
"The veins of coal already uncovered, vary-
ing from 5 to 11 feet in width, convinced me
that my investment was a good one."
"The great difficulties that stood In the way
of opening up this property will, when over-
come, enable the plant to be worked almost
automatically." (this refers to water power
and drainaee tunnels.)
"Too much praise caffnot be given 'to the
management of Colonel C. W. Thompson, the
president of the company. His very presence
i assures one of the successful completion of
the work he has taken in hand."
"I found the properties to be much more
developed than I had expected and in mi-
Judgment more valuable than represented. All
the work connected with them seems to have
been done In a systematic and economical
manner, consistent w.ith a well-matured gen-
eral plan of operating a large property."
"Nature has certainly exerted herself In
favor of the Montezuma Mining Company.
Your circulars, as sent out from time to time,
do not set forth the wonderful possibilities of
the district. I am satisfied the officers of the
. company are men of integrity and ability and
thoroughly conversant with their business."
"I undertook the trip with some doubt of
the final outcome, expecting the usual exhlbl-
'. tion of a "hole in the ground," and a voluble
description of what we are going to do. but
• imagine by surprise when a full realization of
the possibilities and magnitude of the under-
taking dawned upon me. I believe my in-
: vestment beyond the point of speculation and
' in the realm of the 'sure thing." "
"Every indication points to the fact that the
Montezuma has in this 'Taeoma' mine a fund
of almost inexhaustible wealth."
As the natural "result of this visit of share-
' holders and the subsequent Increased sale of
shares, prices are advancing and installment
, terms are stiffening. All Installment terms
prior to this date are withdrawn and the
schedule given below will hold for only a
. short time.
— PRICES.
The present price • t Montezuma shares is
15c cash or 17c on installments. After August
1 the price will be ISc cash or 21c on install-
ments, the company reserving the right to
withdraw these prices without notice.
INSTALLMENT TERMS.
1C00 shares, $10 down and $10 monthly.
SCOO shares, $30 down and $30 monthly.
4000 shares, $40 down and $40 monthly.
C0OO shares. $30 down and $42 50 monthly.
6000 shares, $60 down v and $51 monthly. • : • '
10.M0 shares, $1CO down and $85 monthly.
The quality of Montezuma shares is evi-
denced by the fact that the slump In oil stocks
and the prevailing labor troubles do not
seriously interfere with our business. Monte-
zuma has the confidence of every shareholder
and Is making new converts every day.
'It is the biggest and safest; mining company
on the continent that offers its shares by popu-
lar subscription.
N. B.— We make a standing offer of $100 and
expenses to the person who. after visiting the
Montezuma mines, finds we have made a sin-
gle misstatement thereof.
Ask for prospectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents. •' .*. ¦
310 Safe Deposit Building.
San Francisco. California.
MISCEI*LAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 10-T
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
60 FEET of bank counter and grill: will cut
to suit; must be sold by August 3, 1901. F. G.
JONES. 1113 Webster St.. Oakland. ¦
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones.SS to
J150; easy terms; children's toy graphophonea
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 123 Geary?
AIR compressor. 3 sizes, 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
SO mining cars, pumr3. locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators: 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fretr sont.
A— BUYS sells or rent* gear, machinery, en-
I glnes. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW-. 216 Spear st.
! A— $3 50 DETtBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. SCO Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611. Market st.
$30 — GAS stove; nearly new; reasonable. 990
Pine st.. mornings.
1 FOR sale— New 13-h. p. Union jras engine of tho
latest type. S. & G. GUMP CO.. 113 Geary st.
¦ ! HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dre?a
, ; suit 'cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 EUls st.
• GOOD family cow for sale in Oakland. Box
i j 25S Builders' Exchange. City. •
• MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
• j . terns. $12 50. 103 Montgomery st.
i GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
" hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission St.
; • FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enarines and
' , bollerg bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lenartha > and sizes.
I J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
80«» Belcher 11 550 Confidence X 50
400 Belcher W 400 Confidence 1 45
2C0 Best & Belcher IS 500 Crown Point... 19
400 Bullion 03 500 Hale & Norcre. 17
200 Cafcdonla 37 200 Ophlr , ;74
300 Caledonia 33 200 Utah OS
100 Challenge Con.. 42 200 Yellow Jacket.. .32
200 Challenge Con.. 41 750 Yellow Jacket.. > 31
300 Challenge Con.. 40 10CO Yellow Jacket. 30
200 Con Cal &.Va_.2 10 . . #' .,
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge Con.. 88 200 Overman - 15
100 Con Cal & Va..3 05 100 Overman 14
15 Con Cal & Va..3 00 -500 Savage 0»
300 Crown Point... 09 300 Sierra Nevada. IS
800 Hale gc. Norcrs. 1C 600 Yellow Jacket.. 30
200 Opblr "2 WO Yellow Jacket.. !*»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAT. July 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 05 Justice 08 10
Alta .". 06 08 Kentuck : 03 04
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 08 00 Mexican 18 IS
Best & Belcher IT 13 Occidental ....; OS 07
Bullion. C2 03 Ophlr 70 72
Caledonia ...... 35 37 Overman 13 15
Challenge Con.. 33 41 Potosl 0« 07
Chollar ..; 09 10|Savaga OS W
Confidence .....1 40 1 45 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 03 2 10 Sex Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 13
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill 23 »
Crown Point... 08 03JSt. - Louis M —
Eureka Con 08. — (Standard S 15 3 S3
Exchequer — 02- Syndicate ..-._ 05 —
Gould & Curry, 15 18 Union Con 15 18
Hale & Norcrs.' 14 lSUtah 02 04
Julia....... - 02, Yellow Jacke*.. » 30
Continued From Page. Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I Nicholas P. and Margaret M. JPerlne to Flor
ence G. Perlne (wife of George M.). undivided
Vt of lot on SE corner of Chestnut and Laguna
•treets. E 137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
• Flora G. Jorgensen to Maria Engiseh, lot on
S line of Fell street. 107:6 E of Buchanan. E
Sarah J. and Walter N. Parrish and Hattla
A. Root and Cord B. Plunkett to Norman Par
rish estate (a corporation), lot on S line of
Green street. 137:8- W of Scott. W 137:6 by S
127:6; also lot on W line of Bartlett street, 210
B of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 117:6; also lot
on W- corner of Berlin and Wayland streets.
S 55 by W 100, block 20, University Mound: also
lot on W line of State street. 150 N of Randolph.
N 23 by W 100; also lot on E line of Baker
Street. 50 N of Fell. N 50 by E 100; $30,500.
1 John V. C. and Mary E. Comfort to iC. IS.
Hlgglns, lot on N line of Green street. 103:l>3
E of Devlsadero, E 34:4% by N 137 :8r $10.
Helen L. or Helen L. H. Beal to E. F. Col
ltnS, lot on W line of Broderick. street, 25 N of
Waller. N 26:4 by^W ICO; $20.
L. B. and Helen K. Benchley to May E.
Bridge (wife of Frederick W.). lot on N line
of Broadway. 96:3 E of Baker street. E 41:3, N
137:6. W 74:2. SE 141:5; $10.
• James I* and Lulu B. Wilson to Orollna
Schenck. lot on N line of Clay street, 81:3 W of
Baker. W 25 by N 105; $10.
Annie B., Walter, Oliver G. and Mary B. Jen
ntngs. Helen J. James (wife of Walter B.), Em
ma B. Auchtncloss (wife of Hugh D.). and
Elmina D., George S., Frederick F. and Robert
S. Brewster to California Title Insurance and
Trust Company, re-record 137 D. 21. lot on SE
corner of Folsom and Thirteenth streets, E to
Treat avenue, S to Fourteenth street. W to Fol
som. N to beginning: $10.
Mary A. Lynch to Carl Herz, lot on W line
of Capp street. 93 N of Nineteenth, N 27 by W
122:6; $10.
T. L. and Philippine M. Henderson to John
J. "and Annie A. O'Brien, lot on W line of
Henry street. 14 W of Noe. W 28 by N 113: $10.
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt to Sunshine O. Love
and Elfin O. Heydenfeldt. lot on N line of Pa
cific street. 101:6 W of Dupont, W 36. N 137.6.
E 56. S 72. W 20, S 65:6; also lot on NW corner
of Webster and Geary streets, N 115 by W
28:9. quitclaim deed; $10.
Joseph and Elvira Calegarls to Henry Kohler,
lot on N,llne of Lombard street. 122:6 W of Tay
lor. W 42:6, N 137:6. E 27:6. S 7:6, E 15, S 130;
$10.
Mlchalltschke Bros. & Co. (a corporation) to
Anton Mlchalltschke. lot on W line of Leaven
worth street. 68:9 S of Geary. S 20:8 by W 68:9;
also lot on SW corner of Geary and Leaven
worth streets. S 68:9 by W 68:9; $10.
H. J. and Kate Rogers to RIsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, lot on NE corner of Louis
iana and Twenty-second (Sierra) streets. E 50
by N 100; also lot on NW corner of Twenty
second and Maryland streets. W 125 by N 100.
quitclaim deed: $5.
William H. and Susan Mllleman to James I.
Cummlngs, lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue.
173 S of Clement street. S 25 by W 105; $10.
Estate of Andrew J. Soule (by Lincoln Sonn
tajr. executor) to John McGaw, lota 370, 373
and 374, Gift Map 1; -5230.
Builders' Contracts. * .
' Mrs. Myra A. Greenwood (owner) with Otis
Elevator Company (contractors), architects
Reid Bros. — One electric- freight elevator and
one dumb waiter and - motor for building in
count of erection on lot on S line of Mission
street, 'extending through to Minna, between
Shaw alley and Second street. 100 vara block
S47; $1515.. , ¦
¦Willard M. Smith (owner) with Lincoln U.
Grant (contractor and architect— All work for
a two-story frame building on- lot on E line
of Noe street, 180 N of Fourteenth, N 25 by K
162: $2750.
Standard Electric Company (owner) with Al
fred W. Burnell (contractor), architect Edward
R. Swain— Excavation, pumping, piling and
cleaning up i for a concrete. . brick. Iron and
wood building on . lot on E line of Vermont
street, 100 N of . Alameda, N 100 by E 200.
P N 133: $4932.
L. Robert Sulxberger (owner) with G. Robert
Elder (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son-
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on lot on N line of Sacrameny>
street, 87:6 E . of Walnut, E 23. by N 102:SVL
W A 801; $3540.
HOTEL AURIVAIiS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W Ebllng & w. N Y
P Ebllnsr.-N Y
P Probs, Germany .
S C Parden. S Rafael
W G Goodwin, S Rafl
D J Desmond, Cal |
C N Steny. Los An*
J F French, ' Los Ang
R V Ellis, Hanford
Mies H Ellis, Hanford
W L Valentine. L Ang
H P Anderson. L Ang
Mrs A P Mackey. Den
; ver
Miss Mackey. Denver
Mrs W P Smith. Colo
Mrs A Miller. Tucson
C M Lewis, Nw Haven
H G Day. Now Haven
E C Camp A-wV'Tenn.
Mrs L.A Cort. M D,
. Brooklyn
Mrs J'V I! Baker. M
¦ D. Brooklyn
L Lyon & w. Redland
T Gleaves, Virginia 1
R G Ford. Chicago
A V Milligan. N Y
C M Hunter. S Cruz
T F Nixon & w. Pa
F G Nirdltns & w. Pa
M Grinbaurn & w, Cal
J T Stanton. M E>. Chi?
Mrs C V Grant, Chgo
S P.Langley. Washtn
G B Grow, San Diego
Mrs E Knight. L Ang
J Lambholty. Tahiti
T Derby. N Almaden
P Scheguren, Mazatlan
T M. Barr & w. K City
W Saunders & w. Cal
C C Desmond & w. Cal
Mrs E B Weston, N T
Miss S E Wessels. N T
J F Knapp, Honolulu
R W McKennon, Chgo
J Caffrey, Cal
Miss Stern. Menlo Prk
Miss Marcus. Menlo
W L Woodrow. S Jose
J F Knapp, Honolulu
E P Newton. Los Ang
S Cook. U S N
Miss M Wexler. N Orl
Misw A Wexler. La
F S Wels. N Orleans
W G Nichols. N Y
Mrs W E Griffin. Reno
W L Patterson. Cal
E A Newton, Phtladel
GRAND HOTEL.
M J Gardner. Stckton
Mies K Gardner, N Y
"W W Walnwright. Ind
H P Bender. Bksfleld
Mrs D Parks. El Paso
J D Reedy, Phoenix
R Havens. Oakland
H B Norment. Va
W S SDencer. L Ang
G M Houlehan. Wls
Miss X Cloud. Ill
Mrs M E Hamlll. HI
Mrs J H Wilson. Ill
Mrs P W Brown, 111
G Gamble 4 w, N Y
J M C Whlnney. Cal
Mrs F B Gilger, Hopld
W A Maus. N Y
Mrs C G Stafford. Cal
Grace E Stafford. Ot
J E Guadorf. Ohio
Helen T Hisom. Stanfd
Mrs H Booksin Sr. Cal
H S Bettinger. Bksfleld
J -W Elwell. Wash
C X> Green. Wash
Miss M L Peters. Cal
P J Hlatt. Grafton
G M Cloer. Sacto
Mrs P M Conklin & s.
Fresno .
Mrs A V Llsenby ft a,
. Fresno
J H Mugrldgre. Vallejo
A D Allen. Nev City
F W Graves, Portland
E F Wright, Auburn. -
Mrs I Solomon. Nev*
DrJH Barnhart & w.
N T
Mrs A T Spring; & d.
Belvedere
N M Rafanolor. Cal
R W Van Norden. Sac
R W W Brlci. Denver
K N Wrlrht At w. L A
Mrs S H Herrlck & w.
Riverside
R L Handy, Tenn
C A Wooten. Ark
H J Edwards. San Jose
Miss E L Edwards,
San Jose
E M Swift & w. Conn
Amandy Hufurth. Wla
S M Hufurtb, Wis
Mrs S N Hufurth. Wls
G W Elderkin. Cal
H Hunnan & w, 111
Miss Puss Cadlgan.
Alaska
A H Grote. N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Homan, Reading
Miss J Yocken. Readg
Miss J Lerch. Readg
J C Bereer. Pa
J "W Naffle, Reading
J W Albright. Pa
S Drelbellor & w. Pa
J Adams. Readlng.Pa
J Gnaw & W. Readg
W Cole, Fresno
J B Payne. Hanford
Z E Buckner. S Rosa
W W Crawford. Dmd
Mis Crawford. Dlamd
S J Taylor. Sta Rosa
R W Gates. Chicago
L Rata, Bakersfield
J Johnson, Seattle
J McGiffen. Cal
J M Harvey & w. Sao
COURT SETTLES BILL OF
V_ EXCEPTIONS ' IN FAIR CASE
Attorneys for Trustees Take Appeal
Y Froxn- Judge Trontt's Decision
. Against Them.
The bill' of exceptions taken to the rul
ings of the court during the hearing of
the petition of Theresa A. Oelrlchs, Vir
ginia Vanderbilt and Charles L. Fair for
distribution to them of the personal prop
erty of the estate of the late. James fi.
Fair was settled by Judge Troutt yester
day... .
The bill of exceptions -was prepared by
the attorneys for the trustees under de
cedent's will. It contained 671 pages of
exceptions to the ¦ rulings of the court,
and, .contrary to the general rule opposing
counsel, offered no amendments to the
bill. The result was the speedy settlement
of the bill and the case will now go to
the Supreme Court for final decision on
the trust question. /. ¦>'
THE SAF FBANC1SCO CALL., -WEDNESDAY, JULY 31, 1901;
11
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WM. A: DEANE,, Clerk,
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE - to creditors — In the ¦ matter of the
estate of " WILLIAM H. AYERS, deceased:
.Notice is hereby given to the creditors.of, and
all persons having claims aga.inst, the above
named deceased, to present them within four
months after the date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the City and of San
Fiancisco, State of California, at. his office in
the City and County of San Francisco.
Dated July 16. 1901.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, office Supervising
Architect, Washington. D. C, July 9, 1901.—
Scaled proposals will be received at this office
until 2 o'clock p. m., on the 3d day of Sep-
tember, 1301, and then opened, for the com-
plete mechanical equipment. Including plumb-
ing. . boilers, engines and" generators, switch-
board; electric wiring and conduits;
and ventilating, and elevators 'for the United
States Postoffice. Courthouse, etc., San Fian-
cIsqo, Cal., in accordance with drawings and
the specification, copies of which may be ob-
tained at this office or at the office of the
Superintendent "of Construction at San Fran-
.- Cisco, Cal., at the discretion of the Supervis-
ing Architect, upon deposit of a certified
check payable to the Treasurer of the United
- States for $250, which upon return of the
complete set of drawings and specification
will be returned. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy • Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
August 13. 1901, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy-yard.
Mare Island, Cal.. a quantity, of nuts, bolts,
lumber, mahogany, sheet brass, sheet copper.
Ingot copper, steel, sheet '• zinc slab zinc,
white lead, brown zinc, oil, varnish, pipe, sta-
tionery, air compressors, freight elevators,
cement, broken stone, sand, gravel, brick,
hardware, steel shapes and plates, rivet steel
"* and boiler .tubes. Blank proposals will, be
furnished upon application to the Bureau or
to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S. N.
DIED.
Bennett, Edward Joubert, . Martin .
Baker,- James ¦ Krorer, Julius
Bones, John W. Leach, Gertrude E.
Cortlssoz, Samuel H. Lawrence. James H.
Cohn, Meyer - ' McLaughlin, Joseph
Christenson, Sophia Moore, Frances M.
Clute, Peter A. O'Donnell. Joseph
Coolidge, Joseph A. O'RIelly. Patrick J.
Corcoran. Theresa Panhorst, Gladys
De Frevllle, Eugene Richert. Rene
Davis, James. N. Sllva. Catherine
Ehret. Eug-enie . Schwengel. Christin
Farrell. William B. Wagner, Rosalia
Henry Wm. E. Jr.
BENNETT— In this city, July 30. 1901. Edward,
beloved *on of the late, Maurice and Ellen
Bennett, and brother of John T. and Robert
W. Be:mett and Mrs. ' Robert W. Barton, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years 3
months and 11 days. : - . i •
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1S04 Bush- street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencinz at 10 o'clock. Interment
* Mount Calvary Cemetery. ¦.
BAKER— In Oakland, at Fablola ; Hospital,
July 30. 1901,' James Baker, a native of Som-
' erset. England, aged 49 years. ¦ •
BONES— In Oakland, July 30. 1901. John W.
Bones, father of Samuel W. Bones of Oak-
land and Mrs. Mary R. Luders of; Portland,
Or.", a native of Pennsylvania, aged 82 years
and 11 months. ¦ . ¦-.-..
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to Flannagan «t Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln -School. '
, ¦ . Telephone South 80,
1/yjcflVOY «fc co.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS 1
1239 Maiket St.. between 8th and 9th. I
:.. Telephone South 247. ¦ ¦ ¦'• |
JAMES McGINN,
• Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
PERSONALS. -¦
WANTED— Experienced ..manager, fpr ' special
branch of our business 'extending over Coast
t and Hawaiian Islands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase one-half Interest of this
branch. State experience, ability, age, etc
A. B.. Box 5756 Call office. . .
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St.. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular..
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
«— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et., near Market: 700 rooms; i
25e to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits, to order from .genuine
Scotch.' $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth. .
WILL JAMES BEATTY, late of New York,
please call on L. KAUFMANN, room 24, 222
Sansome st.? It will be to your advantage.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. f2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
MARCEL WAVE done at the new hairdressing
parlors. 121 Mason Et. A. ZIRKEL.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; tt; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter 6t.
TAILOR trade suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, 6llver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R: JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.'
UI2AL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO , ~~~ ~
638 Market st.
VAN NESS AVE. MANSION. .
J50.COO— An elegant home on the northeast cor-
ber; 12 rooms and bath; modern in
every respect; stable; large lot, 50x
136:6 feet.
LARKIN-ST.' BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$52,000— Three etores of 3 rooms each, and six
flats of 8-9 rooms and bath each; on
the best business block of Larkin St.;
present annual Income of $3180 could
uasily be increased 10 i>er cent: non-
resident owner orders immediate sale;
€S:8xl27:6. . . • . [ \
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$11, 000 — Fine large residence; 23 rooms and
bath; in perfect condition; situated in
the best residence section on Broadway; !
elegant houses adjoin this property on
all sides; plenty of sun; yard front and
rear; desirable in every particular; 42:9
xl37:6 feet.
.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$5,500 — Handsome modern bay- windowed resi-
dence, 8 rooms, porcelain bath, tiled
mantels, etc.; can arrange easy terms;
lot 25x87:6 feet.
? - OAK-ST. FLATS.
13,000 — Two handsome flats of 6-8 rooms and
bath each; modern and up-to-date; near
. I Park Panhandle; rents for $570 per
annum; lot 25x137:6 feet.
WELSH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$4,000— Five flats of 4-5 rooms each; in good
condition; rents $528 per annum; lot 40
xSO feet.
REDUCED FOR A QUICK SALE.
$3,250— Eight tenements on Harriet St., ' near
6th and Brannan; rents $612 per annum;
this property must be sold at once; lot
60x80 feet.
SACRAMEXTO-ST. CORNER.
$2,£C0 — Desirable corner, downtown: • If Im-
proved would pay well; lot 30x46 feet.
COZY MISSION HOME.
$1.700— Must be .sold to close an estate: nice
cottage, 4 rooms and bath; basement;
on Church St., near 28th et.; lot 25x
114 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
- 63S Market Street.
AUCTION.
s AUCTION.
AUCTION. - .-•
GRAND SPECIAL CREDIT SALE. ---"
One-quarter Cash. Balance Flat Loan or In-
stallments, 6% per Annum.
TUESDAY August 6, 1901
At Our Salesroom— €38 Market Street,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
PACIFIC-AVENUE MANSION.
South side (No. 2719) Pacific ave.. 142 feet
u-est of Scott St.; large elegant modern resi-
dence of 12 rooms and bath; comprising- an up-
to-date home In every respect. .
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 27:6x
127:S>4 feet.
DOWNTOWX PROPERTY. ' ¦ '
West side (No. 711) Leavenworth Bt.. 110 feet
north of Post.; an elegant double key lot, on
which finest class of Improvements would pay
large returns on the money Invested; the best
lot of this class east of Van Ness ave.: Im-
provements consist of house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents' $30 per month.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 27:6x
110 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
North side (No. 2904) Bush St., 50 feet west
of Lyon: large elegant modern residence. 8
rooms and bath; 3 finished rooms in basement;
porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.. etc.; sunny
side of street and built to admit light and sun
In every room: several car lines adjacent.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x75
feet.
MODERN OAK-STREET. RESIDENCE.
.North side (No. 926) Oak St., 90:10 feet west
of Pierce; a handsome sunny house of 10
rooms and bath; high basement, porcelain
tubs, ranltary plumbing, tiled mantels and up
to date In every detail; appraised by Park
Panhandle Commissioners at $3500; cement
walk: street bltuminized.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 26x
140:6 feet.
TWENTY-FIRST-STREET FLATS.
North side (Nos. 3124 to 3132) > Twenty-first
St., 120 feet west of Howard: 5 modern flats of
7. 7. 6. 6. 6 rooms and bath each in the heart
of the Mission warm belt; always rented to
desirable tenants: substantial and ' well built;
an additional flat could be finished off at a
small expense: -present low rents 195 per month.
. Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 50x95
feet.
GUERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
West side <Nos. 324 and 324H) Guerrero st. and
fNos. 7 and 7%) Spencer St.. 218 feet north of
Sixteenth: 4 well-built houses of ?. 9, 6. 4 rooms
and bath each; never vacant ail renting at
the present time for $624 per annum, which can
easily be Increased.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 30x124
feet. V : -
MODERN MISSION COTTAGE&
North Hide (No. 802) Elizabeth St.. 100 feet
west of Douglass: key lot 25x114 feet; north
side (No. 8C6) Elizabeth St., 150 feet west of
Douglass; 25x114; 2 stylish cottages. 5 rooms
and bath each: brick foundations, high base-
ments, tiled mantels, etc. : half a block from
Twenty-fourth-st. cars; will be sold separately.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
South side Hill St.. 260 feet east of Noe: a
fine lot ready for building; street macadamized
and sewered.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x
114 feet. ¦ ¦;¦'¦¦¦
OCEAN VIEW COTTAGE.
North side (No. 104) Sadowa St., 50 feet west
of Plymouth; a cozy cottage, 4 'rooms; neat
appearing and In good condition; 1 block from
electric cars and Southern Pacific Railway sta-
tion.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x125
feet. •
LAKE VIEW HOME.
Northwest corner De Montford and Jules
aves.: a modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath,
high ba6ement, stationary tubs, etc.. In first-
class condition; 1 block from Mlssion-st. cars.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 112:6x
150 feet. . . ¦
t ¦--. '¦' : OCEAN VIEW HOME.
North side (No. 206) Minerva St., 55 feet west
of Capital: a well-built cottage, 4 rooms and
bath. In good condition: beet part of. town;
lot 25x100 feet.
ALSO : ... .
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital sts.;
lot 55x100.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
FOR SPECULATORS AND HOMESEEKERS.
Gift map No. 3—10 fine lots. Nos. 1308 to 1317,
Inclusive, on Wlnslow, Mayflower and Califor-
nia aves.
Paul tract, block No. 36— Lots 2 3, 4. 5, on
Goettlngen and Berlin sts. •¦
Paul tract, block No. 7— Lots 4, '5, 10, .11, on
Holyoke, Olmstead and Somerset sts. .
Paul tract, block No. 23— Lot 6, southeast cor-
ner Ooettlngen and Ward sts.; 100x120 feet.
Paul tract, block No. 1— Lot 6. southeast cor-
ner Hamilton and Woolsey sts. ; 50x120 feet.
Paul Reservation r Homestead Association,
block No. 2— Lot 12, north side of Ward St.,
107:6' feet east of Berlin; 25x105 feet.; ¦
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. " .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.^
' ¦ . 638 , Market st. -
FOR sale— Rlncon Hill cottage of 7 rooms; lot
2Sx*5: no reasonable offer refused. Box 3725,
Call office. • • , v
MISCRI..LAVEOCS— FOR SS 1<E C«>";
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rinps cheap; no rea-
s=or.ab!e raFh offer refused; must sell. 2403
Howard Ft. I
XtT^iay bis prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
lartJ Loan office. T5 Stockton st.
SD-UAND machinery of all kinds bought, fold.
rpntPd. exchange. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES- New and second hand; all elxes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
BAPEfrp-Kew and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento Et.
EVGIXEP and boilers; second-hand machin-
*-?. J. BURKE. 139 BPale ft.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined f=af«>. fprfpet oriT. £16 California Bt.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
' ail t=iz?y; guaranteed. XEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lantornn, new and 2d -hand moving pic-
turey. HIXLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
M I SCELL AAKO IS WAKTS.
ALL check stamps and stamped checks bought;
also documentary t-tamps. 100S Call building.
WANTED — Small gisollne launch: state size.
pon- r and speed. Address box 3719. Call. -
TILTON* want? pood eecond-hand clothing and
theatr'cal poods. VA fr'h St.: tel. FolEom 2522.
JSIOXBV TO LOA.V.
AAA^HEnMAN^JIUrTPHY, 'So~MarkeT~sU
makps loans on Eecond mortgages, undivided
interests in estates, etc.; also large or email
loans on srood ranches: if your property Is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fail to sf-e me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
Fizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630
Market_st :
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
J3C0.OOP at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City &
Oakland; town & country property, second
morisagef. life insurance & securities. Leans
on unsettled estates* undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We 1x111 purchase
any or above securities. Tel. Red E0i4. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN TO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
FirFt. second ai*d third mortgages „
**•* ".divided interest in real estate In probate.,
/^jlongages and legacies bought; no delay
Oet my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery Et.. room 3
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pfanos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will ¦ lose
thsir friendship; do business with strangers
and you wiU be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first, :
eecond mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests: corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
St.: teL Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st.
JCS.COO IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 2S7 Parrott building.
! LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Et. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
OXE per cent on furniture: S3 a month on each I
J10C0; any 6ecurity. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1. !
11OXEY loaned salaried people without secur- !
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister
S% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
K. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
EtMN'S money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
51OO.OC0 TO Zoan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Eansome St.. room 2.
THE TouEley Company; loans and discounts.'
S21 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indor^er. MORRKLL. C09 Kxaminer building.
MOXEY WA\TED.
WANTED— To borrow from private party $2000;
good real estate security. Box 45J1. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRCSIEXTS.
a~question 7TTTT7. .Trrrrrrrr
Why is It our competitors fight and say
more against the Ludwig -piano than any
ether make? Because they know that there
is more real value in the "Ludwig" than
any other piano. It is the best piano for the
money in the market. They know It. We
know it and you will know It when you see
nr.d hear It.
THK WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Agents..
S."3 Market St., S. F. : $01 Broadway. Oakland.
A MOST remarkable sale of pianos at reduced
prices wijl close August 1 ct our store, 769
Market st.; parties who have not been able to
decide have now only thre'e days In which to
do so; we shall have an extra force of sales-
men to wait upon customers, so that none
may go away disappointed: remember, that
all'our pianos are offered at 20 per cent and
?.O per cent discount from the regular prices.
THE ZHXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
ALL piano* purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, 16 per
monih- feme good planes sold for $3, $4 and
S5 per mor.th. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
kts., San Kranripro; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
ANY piano Fold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new pwrless Knabe at regular
price; cost." you only 20c a day to buy a piano
¦vjnm us. KOHLKU & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
JV.: efctabllrhed 1S50.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested In
the *elf-playing piano: the Cecilian is the lat-
est and bes=t : you are invited to our daily
concerts. EYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St.,
Vnlon friuare, sfle agents Sohmer Sc Co..
Bj-ron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Hamilton and
SpieSman pianos.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
*on. 1 HallPt & Davl*. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $7r,. $125. SK5. etc.; eary payments.
P.ENJ CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
I, Chlrkerinc. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of Felf-players. ,
JAS. KEKFKE'S piano warerooms now perma-
nently located at 22 Turk st.. near junction
Mspon. Market and Turk: largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out «Ie of storage pianos
nt your own price; *fi Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
flaO BUYS elegant modern upright; or rent fcr
$2 50 month. 342 Kearny st.
v 6TEINWAY, J200: Hartman. 1100; elegant rcw
pianos. $150 up. XV. C Hamilton. 8 Flood Mdg.
FINE 3-pPdal upright piano; must be sacrificed
before Thursday; leaving city. 51J Eddy st.
ETEINWA Y. Chickerlng. other uprights to clos«
estate. Pierce's Piano Factory. M.irket & 14th.
12 B0 REXTS a fine upright piano: a few left.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
GOOD Beoond-hand upright for eale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Ft. .
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 2C8 Post st.
A LARGE lot of Mvond-hnnd uprleht pianos
for sale cheap. HORNTTNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
j>niEter Et.
STTPFRIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. hT
MT'IXFR r»t". r^nxij^r. g TypthfTn nl»c».
OFFICES AXO STORES TO LET.
22K PACIFIC st. — Handsome. large etore, cheap;
alpo S10 Sansome. Ftore t6 per month.
OIL.
FOR *ale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquln Co. 474 Parrott bldg.
OIL tanks, eecond bond. In good order: all
yir*.- ch»»Tv H P. WHTTB..IJII Mi«««'>" «»
PAiiHisTnr.
MRS. LAMB, 6Cientlflc palmist; head and face
reading: lessons given. 617 Jones et.
MME. GERMAINE. the business Dalmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 6. 996 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor »t.. bet. Geary, and Post; tel.Black Ml.
FITVSICIAJVS AKD SURGEONS*.
t»R C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, berb doctor. ~ successfully
treat* all disease* of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONQ XVOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay «t. : w testimonials at office.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have Buffered 20 to 30 years;
over 50 nimra of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
lelav from business, and no estlvea for sale.
articular* address Physician, box 1950, Call
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cetnstery .Association,
- : Point Lobos <rve:, ¦> P.. Cal. . .
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first day of August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful * to the living than the
ashes . of ¦• their dead. . -
Permits to cremate will be Issued by, the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. '
GEORGE R. FLETC! iJ=lR. Manager. '
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice Is hereby given
that : CHARLES H. - JACOB of the firm . of
CHARLES H.', JACOB* CO.. funeral direc-
' tors and ¦ embalmers.- 318 " Mason , street, has,
. by order of court,", had •> his name ' changed
' to CHARLES : H. • J. , TRUMAN, by reason
': of ' which ¦ the ' name of - his firm . becomes
" CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN.. &. CO. , Under
this name he continues to do business at the
jj. same : place. Telephone Main E21S. ¦
ROOMS' FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rms. in locality; single & hkpg;
rents- reasonable: first-class attention. •-•;¦
CALIFORNIA. 3031-^3 i sunny rooms furnished
• • for light . housekeeping; no children. ¦'¦¦'¦¦.
EDDY,- SSS-^S or 4 unfurnished- sunny rooms;
. conveniences; private residence; no children.
EDDT, 939 — Unfurnished handsome double par-
; lorn, hall room, kitchen; no children. -, . -
ELLIS, 1127-2. nicely furnished : sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping. . ¦ ¦ ¦ . - ': ¦ ¦ ¦ :
ESSEX, 12 (Rlncon Hill)— Large sunny house-
keeplng rooms; also single. room; cheap.
FIFTH, 264— Two clean front. connecting rooms,;
. with carpet, curtains, folding bed, gas stove,
. rent for couple, $12. - ~ ' ¦
FIFTH, 353 — Two furnished housekeeping, $10;
. three, $20. with bath; also single, $5 up a mo.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 403—4 rooms on parlor;
. complete; also large alcove and kitchen.
HARRISON, "31 — Two rooms- furnished; com- 1
plete for housekeeping; bath; rent $15,
HOWARD. 761'/4 — Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen; others; reasonable. . '.
HYDE. 40S — Sunny front basement suite; -fur-
nished or unfurnished: al»J furnished sunny
suite; $16. " ? ' • . -. .".¦-.. -¦;¦".. ¦. ¦ /
McALLISTER, 2000, cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rms., furnished for housekeeping; sink; $10..
OAK. 119— Large sunny front room; furnished;
housekeeping; stove; closet; $10; basement
room; yard; $6. • »
O'FARRELL. 1811—1 furnished and-^2 unfur-
nished rooms for. housekeeping.
POLK,' 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
STEVENSON. 642, bet. 7th & 8th— Furnished
rms; with stove; running water; bath ;central.
TURK, 525^-Chicago style; fine new two and
three room suites for housekeeping; unfur,
and fur. ; elec. lights; hot water; Janitor.
WALLER, 210 — Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful . i suite of sunny parlors; lavatory,
hot and cold water, bath, ¦ gas, grate and
grand view; also sunny bsdroom.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. .": . -. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
* United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Bes,t U a
day. family hotel in city; polite . attendance;'
large rooms. 50c up; meals, 25c: free coach.
A^BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
• 25c to $1 per nights ?1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated : 25<! to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 .Mason st— 100 newly
. furnished & renovated rms., 50c up; elevator;
electric lights in every room; return call belU;
first-class; central; quiet; gentlemen only.'
BRADY. 39. Off Market— 1 or 2 sunny rooms,
furn. or unfurn.; reasonable; private family.
BURNETT,' 1426 -Market (old No. 1364)->-Fur-
. nlshed rms., suites, single; a'so unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND, 40— A lovely sunny front room; well
furnished: suitable for two.
EDDY, lOe-^Nicely furnished sunny suites; also
¦ single rooms; reasonable. <
EDDY, 210— Elegant parlor . floor suitable for
doctor; also single and double rooms.
FOLSOM, 1293, corner Ninth— Sunny rooms;
runlng water; . $8 and $5; adults.- . ; - .
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly' furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1237, corner Gough — Two rooms, fur-
nished, suitable for light housekeeping. j
GRANT ave., 29— Has changed hands; nicely
furnished sunny suites; also single rooms;
.day, weelf, month. • " .
HAIGHT, 630— Nicely furnished sunny room,
with or without board, for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HARRISON, 770, bet. Third and Fourth— Nice j
sunny front room, 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reas. i
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
medium-sued room for gent; reasonable; ref.
HOTEL" ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
St.. near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-claas;
BOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JESSIE, 266, between Third and Fourth— Sun-
ny furnished room; man and wife or two
men preferred^ ' _•
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
--furnished rooms; en suite or single. • ,- r ,
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny rooms, |6 and J10;
small room. J4; housekeeping. , •
LEAVENWORTH, 1521— Two large rooms; hot
. and cold water: large yard.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
. nlshed rooms, $2'a week. up; S5c a day up.
MARKET, 1035— Front suite; suitable for me-
dium or magnetic healer.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 687. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
' bay-window room. $1 per week ; transient.
MISSION, 817-Nlcely furnished single sunny
room. ' . . -•
"NEAT furnished front room with gas, hot and
cold water: large closet; grate; suitable for
two. 513 McAllister st.
NEWLY and elegantly furnished rooms in
gore building, cor. Market and Van Ness
ave.; gentlemen preferred; references.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
"rooms r'lth hot and cold water; baths. ' j
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28. Eighth, st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms. ; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all Bunny rooms; references. . ¦
TURK. 543— Sunny" room on parlor floor: run-
ning water, ras and bath; $2.25 per week. .
WELLINGTON, 75 3d— Nicely furnished rooms;
modern Improvements; rooms $1 50 week up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ¦ 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call Advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10yS
¦ Valencia ' et. ¦¦¦-•- , . < "
ROOMS .AND 'BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family table,. 25c .per
meal; $4 per week; "every accommodation and
attention. 1103V4' Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. <ft
ALMORA, Twentieth I and Mission ; i warm belt ;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. TeL Church 1181.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel ;exceptlonal table attractive • rms.
HOTEL Repelicr, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished ;
excellent table; special rates to. tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board."
THE ¦ Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms.slngle "and en suite; beautiful grounds.
Van Ness ave., 712— Alcove & bay-window rms.;
sun all day; running water; choice table.
ROOMS "AND BOARD WANTED.
FATHER wants, furnished room ' in private
-.home with board and care for. 6-year-old
daughter. Address J: P.. 1941 Mission st.
\ SPECIAL NOTICES.'. ';
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWiyo'MACHiyES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds • bought, sold, rented., exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palrlng; lowest .rates : phone Mint 45, 145 Sixth. ¦'
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,'
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. -
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
,slon' St.;, tel. Howard 941- - F. W.-ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., -> 722 Mission St.;
''J tel. .'Main 1S40; 'Bhlpplng-at cut rates. ' ¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Coni-
. pany.'. 2S20 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS' ' AND SPPPLrES.
CHBAT^BAKflA'iN8 IN~ TTPEWRITERS^W>
sell "better machines for. less money than any
, iKnise in the city;. rentals," $3/ The Typewriter
. '. Exchange. ' 536 California ; telephone Main 266. |
KENT ' a , new Franklin , typewriter fbr Jl week
'. and • have your .-•; work in ' sight. CUTTEIl
'. TOWER COj 3C2 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust:
.' all makes; used machines $10 up. 203 Sansome.'
UNITED- UNDERTAKERS;
27 and 23 Fifth st Tel. South 167. '
ITJNESAt. DIRECT0R3 AND EMBALMERS.
¦Finest Equipment nt Moderate' Rates.
MABBIED.
BYRNE— MAROLF— In this city, at 1102 Fell
street, July 29, 1901, by the . Rev. E. H.
Avery, D.D.. Alfred Byrne of San Francisco
and Emily Marolf of Oakland. ,
MARCHINTON— DUFFY-In this city. June
30. 1901. by the Rev. Father Hennessey. E.
Arthur Marehlnton and Catherine Duffy.
BIRTHS-^MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BOEN.
GIELOW— In Alameda. July 27, 1901, to the
wife of George A. Gielow, a daughter. .
HARRIS— In Salinas, July 30, 1901, to the wife
of Harry Harris, a son.
LINEHAN— In this city. July 27. 1901. to the
wife of John Linehan, a- daughter. .
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following ¦ marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦ . . ¦ • .' .
Joseph Mcllroy. • 28, 622 Sutter street, and
Phyllis Young, 25, 77 Carmelita street.
Eujrene Sandberger, 47. 121 Powell street,
and' Eva Mooney, -28, 121 Powell street.
Will McLaren, 25, 1138 McAllister street, and
Delia E. Casey, 23, 1148 Sutter street. -
Carsten Nygard, 81, 427 Second street, and
Agnes Benson, 24, 427 Second street.
Charles GofT, 24, Spokane, and May T. Rtley,
24, 1235 Berlin street.
Emanuel Franceschini, S6, 350 McAllister
street, and Alice R. Malone, 26, 126 Lexington
avenue. -. .-¦ - .
. William C. Scow, 28, 412 McAllister street,
and Ionia L. Fouts, 20, St. Helena.
Florence J. O'Neill, 32. 517 McAllister street,
and Margaret Curtln, 24, 523 Jersey street.
David C. Coleman, 21, city, and Fannie M.
McMahnn, 21, city. .. -
Robert W. Greable. 28. Joplin, Mo., and
Anna I. Smith, 20, 647 Broderick street.
Frederick L. Cogswell, 30, Mare Island, and
Cora' Hageman, 2V city.
Thomas P. Berdot. • SO, 1312 Powell • street,
and Catalina Setuain, 24, 1312 .Powell street.
Niels Jncobsen, 31, 21 Powell avenue, and
Nlelsine B. Nielsen. 33, 225. Dore street. .'
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies. De-
, pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal.; July 30. 1901 —
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be -re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, August 10, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing black-
' smiths' aprons, bellows, beeswax, carbolln-
eum, cement, gasoline, glue, leather, neatsfoot
oil and chamois skins. Early deliveries are
essential. Preference will be given to arti-
cles of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality being equal
(including in the price of foreign . production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
. preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
. The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. 'Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be Indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 6654," and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F, LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. A.. De-
pot Quartermaster. .
I REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN." & HOWELL, '"' ~.'"'' ','."-" : .~ ~~'~- :
; . 10 Montgomery Bt:
$11,000— Bush St., near Leavenworth; 30x137:6;
large house. ' ' . ¦ • . ¦ . . -s
$2400— Rents $34; Harrison St.; 2 houses.
|500 cash— No. 126 Clipper St.; new cottage.
$5200— Reduced; Oak St.; 2 flats; bargain. ¦"
$6500— Filbert st.. near Mason; flats and house.'
$35.000— Rents $200; Mission st. ; 4-story brick.
$14,500 — Rents $105; Bush st. corner; store, etc.
$6000— Rents $62 50; 3 flats; Larkin st. .
$140,000— Rents $10,000 a year; Geary st.
$5600— Pierce St.; new Eastlake residence.
$7750— Rents $80; Grove st., near City Hall. |
$6000 — Ninth St., near Folsom;-9 rooms:
$7500 — McAlllster-st. corner; store and flat:
$9000— Rents $S0; Bryant-st. corner; 75x75.
I $3500 — Folsom-st. cottage; 7 rooms and bath./
$450<)— Leavenworth-st.- corner house; 48x63:0. -
$4250 — Rents $45; Clay St.. near Mason. K
$3500 — Cottage. 6 rooms; Oak and Ashbury sts.
$7000— Hayes St.; 3 flats; rents $70; bargain. .
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.,"
¦ . Offer Installment Lots,
- $300 to $500 each. • -
Kansas. Eighteenth. Nineteenth and ¦ Twen-
tieth stR., near Union Iron' Work3; Immediate
possession given on payment of $50 cash; bal-
ance payable $10 per month; you can. build at
once; diagram at office. . ' : .. . ' - ;.
Choice Sunset Installment lots and new cot-
tages just finished on easy terms; prices moder-
ate; payments only $10 per month; lots level;
on official grade; streets macadamized; gas,
water and mail service; Nincteenth-ave.- boule-
vard; H st. and Park entrance; also Eighth,
Ninth and Tenth aves. Call at branch office,
corner of H Et. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden
Gate Park; open every day. Sundays and. holi-
days. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
* 10 Montgomery st.
I A. E. BUCKINGHAM... ..Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property.
J18.5C0— 75 ft. on Mission st. and impts. for
factory; rents $112: bargain. : - '. .
- $1850— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; very
sunr.y; rents $40; Twenty-third st.
$3750—2 flats. 4 & 5 rooms; Baker St.; rents $41.
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
Bt. and Eighth ave.; rents $30. •
- $2150— Snap; Clay-st. lot, 25x100; north side;
fine residence location.
. $6000 — Bargain; Howard, nr. 8th.; bus. prop.
SUNSET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS.
J500 TO $S50, ON EASY TERMS. '
"$825 — Eleventh ave., betyeen ¦ H and I sts.,
near Park music stand; cars pass block.
. $3250 — Houses — easy terms — above block, 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.: plans at office;
. A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery st.,
room 11 : branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
SIX, seven and eight rooms cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th. 18th. Castro
and Noe sts.; V* cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder. ¦
$1900— LOT with 2 cottages; perfect title; 553
Seventh st. Apply 60 Clipper, near. 26th.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
TJnited States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— Forgpale
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; .location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or information. ¦ .
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petalnma. Cal.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
THE HEART OF 'MILL VALLE?!
Formerly Known' as •
The Wormouth Tract,
• Now to Be Called
Sunnyside Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over forty
acres, ¦ Is now beins subdivided Into lots and
will be immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets are being graded, macadam-
ized and sewered. The California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue an Insurance policy for every lot sold,
guaranteeinj title.
For mau and full information address
: MCAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
MILL VALLEY^ BLOOMS TO LET.
FURNISHED rooms, $2 per week or $7 per
month. W. F. BAILEY, cor. Throckmorton
and Olive St.. Mill Valley. . -
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and small houses for sale, lease or
exchange; building lots and land by acre. J.
TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo. ¦ ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for Invest- :
ors and houseseekcrs on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences In the city; 13
- rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak, blrdseye maple arid Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot SSxlTO feet. |
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 -rooms and bath;"
near station; $1500. "
A. R. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
125 LOTS, size 25x100. for $40 each; a great bar-
gain.
4 lots 40x200; street work complete; a great
bargain. '¦¦•¦ ! .¦
4 lots on Sherman st.; 75x150; choicest prop-
- erty in Alameda. ;
Fine home on Central ave.; new; modern
Improvements ; $5000.
Beautiful home on Clinton ave.: corner lot;
house of 8 rooms; $5250.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park st.. Alameda.
$1300— NEW cottage of 5 rooms, with lot, near
station : $300 cash and $12 50 per month. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park at'.." Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMNTS. ;
- - BERKELEY REAL ESTATE).
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
$S50. cottage. . 4 good sized rooms; $1000, 4-
room cottage; $1200. 4-room cottage, large lot;
$1400, 5-room cottage, fruit, flowers :" $1650, 6-
room new house, fine bargain; $2000, new 5-
room cottage, large lot. lovely view: $1600, 5-
room cottage, large lot, easy terms: $2400, fine
6-room cottage at Lorin: $1800, 6-room cot-
tage, windmill, stable, chicken house; $2*50,
6-room house, near station, easy terms; $4000.
fine 8-room house, nicely located; $3250, 6-
. room house, near college: $7200. lovely 14-room
house, built for owner's use; $5000, new, ele-
gant, up to date 8-room house.
Come and examine our larze list of prop-
erty. We can suit you.
SATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center st.. Berkeley. Cal. •
NEW 8-room house; brick foundation; all mod-
ern plumbing; lot 40x100; 8 minutes' walk
• from station and S minutes' from electric car
line; price $2400: $100 down, balance on easy
terms. JNO. R. PERKINS, real estate,
Lorln sta.. Berkeley. ¦
BERKELEY ROOMS.
NEAR CARS — Two nice, sunny suites of fur-
. nlshed rooms for light housekeeping or will
' rent rooms with board; terms reasonable. Call
. 1734 Delaware st.. near Grant, Berkeley.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HAYWilRDS REAL ESTATE.
5 ACRES. 3 acres of which is the finest richest
- sediment soil, adapted to raising vegetables
and 'berries: 4 acres in fruit, full -bearing;
fine 5-room light basement cottage, complete-
ly sewered, bath, pantry, toilet, stationary
washstand, : hot and cold water,' wash tubs In
basement, cement foundation, veranda front,
one side and rear, bevel French plate glass
windows In front, cement sidewalk round the
house, and front: lawns; fine well, windmill
and tank; tankhouse; barn; chicken houses;
1 brooder houses; water piped to house, barn,
chicken houses: a positive sacrifice; improve-
ments worth the money asked: cost $7500; to
make quick nale, $4500. P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal..- v
2 ACRES, with- 3-room house, -barn, -4 chicken
houses, well, 80 chickens, buggy, new spring
< .wagon, new harness, household furniture. 25
fruit trees; three-quarters of a mile from
• town; main road; only $1400. .P. WILBERT,
JIaywards. Cal. • > . . •//« . . ,-
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, -$1 per year.
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMRNTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE/^J^
$2500-^$100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of 6 fine large sunny rooms,' with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet
(note the size): near Grove 6^. ;- street- work
all done; a pretty,' cory home at a sacrifice.
¦ GEO. W. ; AUSTIN & CO.,
¦: '-.'if- -".v. Broadway. Oakland. .
OAKLAND "HOUSES TO LET. : '
Iff ROOMS near Lake Merrttt; furnished or un-
furnished; ' modern: reasonable. THE: Mc-
¦-CARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.. San Francisco.
: OAKLAND I'DRMTURK FOR" SALE.
AN Introduction to you'from H. Schellhaas; the
, furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
CORTISSOZ-^-In ' this r city.— July • 30, 5 1901. Sam-
uel H. . Cortlssoz. beloved ¦ brother of Mrs. G.
' C- Levy, the late Mrs. D. J. Benjamin and
A." J. Cortissoz of Philadelahia. : a native of
Denmark, aged _ 72 years- 4 : months and 12
'. days. ' ; ¦-. :; % , - . > "¦ f ¦-¦ ¦ . . ¦
Id? Friends and acquaintances are" respect-
v fully invited to attend - the funeral to-day
"(Wednesday), at. IOj 30 <p' clock,; from the par-
lors of Halstsd & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by 1 11:30
o'clock "train from Third and: Townsend
streets. . - ' ' . •- »
COHN— In this city, July 29. 1901, Meyer. ? be-
loved ' husband of Mary Cohn, ' and father of
Harry. Abe. Nettia, Belle, Theresa and Wil-
liam Cohn and Mrs.' N. J. Tobias, a native- of
• Nakel.- Germany, aged- 77- years. (Grass Val-
ley-papers please copy.) . - •-
E7 Friends are . respectfully invited to at-
tend - the - funeral services j to-day | CWednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the residence. 1919
Ellis- street. _ Interment. Hills: of Eternity
• Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streeta. : . . .
CHRISTENSON— In this city. July 29, 1901,
Sophia K.. beloved wife of Captain Oliver
: Christenson, and mother of Annie. S.. Edwin
A.. Gustav M. and the, late Olor "W. Chris-
tenson. a native of Denmark,- • .a''.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
: dence. 792 Hayes street, between Webster and
Buchanan. Interment I. O. O-. F. Cemetery.
CLUTE— In this city,- July 28. , 1901. Peter , A^
Clute of Volcanp. Cal., beloved husband of
Clara Clute. and father of Ella, Edbert. John
and Cora Clute, a native of New York, aged
¦ 6 *y gar3 11 months and 28 days. i\L'. •
C2" Friends and acquaintances- ar« resp*ct-
fully I Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Doric Lodge No. 118,
F. and A. .M. Interment Cypre«« ¦ Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
i and Townsend streets. .
COOLIDGE-In this city. July 80. 1501, Jo-^
seph A. Coolidge, father of Mrs. 'Charles E.
Kilbourne. aged 86 years.
JE3 r Services private. ¦ . .
CORCORAN— In this city, July 30. "1901,
Theresa, beloved , daughter of Clotilde Cor-
coran, and beloved sister Of William, May
- and Edna Corcoran, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 11 months and 8 days.
DE FP.EVILLE— In this city. July 29, 1901.
Eugene, relict of Bridget de Frevllle, a na-
tive of France, aged 82 yeara. -;
iCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1831 Fifteenth street, ¦< thence . to
Mission Dolores Church, where .a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦.¦;-• • ' > - . —
DAVIS— At Thermaliio. < "jCal., : July 27. 1901.
James N. Davis, a native of New Jersey,
aged 76 years 4 months'and 17, days. ..,
ITT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fel-
" lows' building, corner of Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the funeral
' parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2668 Mission street;
Mission Masonic Temple. . .. ' ; --
EHRET— In Sonoma, Cal., July 29,' 1901, Eu-
genie Ehret (nee Flchter>, .beloved ulster, of
Louis Flchter, ¦ and • sister-in-law of Lucle
Fichter, ¦ a. native of Birchwller, Cal. - •
icy Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited' to attend the -funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock,- front the resl-
. dence of her brother, 319 Jones street, thence
to Fi ench • Church. , where services will be
held. _ . ¦ ~~ ' -
FARRELL— In this city.' July 29, i901, Wil-
liam B.,> beloved father of Harry E. Farrell,
; Mrs. G. E. Grant Jr. and Mrs. W.. A. Mlt-
chem, a native of Lexington. Ky.. aged 63
years. (Carson City., Ney.. papers please
copy.) '
(ETFriends are respectfully- Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
2 o'cl*ck. from his late residence, 20O& Sutter
- street. Interment private.
HENRY— In this city, -July 28.' 1901/- W:lliam|
• Emil Jr.. dearly beloved and only child. of
William Emll and Maud G.~ Henry,-* nativa
of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 7 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the . family
residence, 1021 Polk street, corner Post. In-
terment private, i . ¦".-'. '"¦'.,
JOUBERT— In this city. July 23, 1901. Martin,
beloved husba-i-l of Augustine Joubert. and
brother of Victoire Joubert and Marie Lepan.
and. son-in-law of Mr. -and Mrs. August
Legay, and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Auguste Jr. and Paul and " Eugenie Legay,
and uncle of Mr. and Mrs. Pierre Allemand
and Mr. and Mrs. . JossDh Escalle. a native
of France, aged 4S yeara 2 months and It
days. •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 . o'clock, ' from his .late
residence, 5 Bond street, off Mission, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth streets, thence to
French Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres,
where • services will be held, • thence to
Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter- street, where serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Perse-
verence Grove No. . 10, A. O. . U.. D., at , 2
o'clock.
KROGER— In this city. July 29. 1901, Julius
Kroger, beloved son of Captain Claus F.
and. Bertha Kroger, and brother, of Fred C
and George Kroger and Mrs. A. S. Archer,
a native of San Francisco, aged !4 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances and members
of Olympvs Parlor No. 189, N. S. G. W.. are
respectfully invited- to. attend- the funeral
. to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
-funeral parlors of Theodor Dlerks, ' 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. - .-. , • • •
LEACH— In Nome. Alaska. February . 6. . 1901.
Gertrude Ella Leach (nee -.Edgar), beloved
wife . of Coe Leach, daughter of • Mrs.,
Margaret Edgar, and sister of Georsrle Ed-
gar, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 22 years
10 months and 26 days.
E?"The funeral will take place to-da.y
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, .from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 435
Powell street, near Post. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
LAWRENCE— Passed away on July 29, 1901.
ex-Senator James Henry, beloved husband of
Mary V. Lawrence, father Of Constance V.
Lawrence, and brother . of Mrs. Wllllm II.
Coffin, a native of Pepperell, Mass., aged 70
years. .- ; ¦ ¦ . . ¦
(E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), p.t 2 o'clock,, from St. John's
Church, corner of i California apd Octavia
streets. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio. Kindly omit flowers.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. July 29. 1901, Jo-
seph McLaughlin. a native of Ireland, aged
59 years. ¦¦ ¦ ....
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10' o'clock; from the. parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler.' 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ; •
MOORE— In this city, July 30. 1901. Frances
Matilda, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Jefferson Moore." and mother; of Mrs. M. E.
Lauden. Mrs. - M. C - Lambert. 1 Mrs. Dr. r C.
. O. Perkins, Mrs. Julia Anderson. . Mrs.
Frances M. Edrar, Mrs. Amelia. Gabriel
and Jerome, Thomas and Worthlngton Moore,
a native of North Carolina, aged S2 years
and 10 months. (Chlco, Cal., papers please
copy.) - - ¦ ¦ • •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funefat Friday,
August 2, 1901, at 2 o'clock, from the Pres-
byterian church, Chlco, Butte County. Cal.
- Remains at the - residence of M. E. Lauden,
42C0 Twenty-third street.
O'DONNELL— In Napa, Cal., July - 28. 1901.
Joseph, beloved son of the late Catherine and
Cornelius O'Donnell, a native of San Jose,
Cal.. aged 24 years. • _ •< ¦
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors -of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn iequlem mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment at Santa Clara, by 10:40 o'cloek
train from Third and Townsend streets. .- .
O'RIELLT— In this city. July 29. 1901. Patrick
J O'RIelly, a native of County . Fermanah,
Ireland, aged 50 years.
(C7"Frl«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at- 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery- by 11:30 o'clock train 'from -Third and
Townsend streets. .-¦ - ... ¦ ¦ ¦
PANHORST— In this city, July 30, 1901, Gladys,
dearly beloved and only child of. Henry and
Maggie Panhorst, a native of San Francisco,
aged .6 months and 1 16 days. ¦ . ¦_• —
RICHERT— In tkls city, July 30, .1901, Rene
Richert, beloved father of^ Rene Jr., Al-
phonse and Albert Richert, a native of
Oberbronn, Alsace, aged 83 years. . - ¦ ,
(CTFriends- and 'acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully' Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, at St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate , avenue, near Jones
street, where high mass will | be ' celebrated
for - the rerwjse of his soul, i commencing at
8:30 o'clock. Interment ' private, Holy Cross
: Cemetery.
SILVA— In this city, July 29, 1901. ' Catherine.
- beloved wife of Samuel Sllva, and mother of
' Lizzie Sllva, and sister of Patrick Grady. and
' Mrs. J. • Hlnes, a native of County Galway.
Ireland, azed 40 years.- -..•;:. --, ¦
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
uf lly incited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence. 423 Dolores street. - thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, for services.' Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery. . , .
BCHWENGEL— In this city; July 19. ,1901.
Christin, beloved husband of the late Mamie
Schwen<"el. and father of William . and Tes-
sle Schwcngel, a native . of . Germany, aged
46 years. ' ' ¦ ' '*'¦ ' .',' .;.'." . ' .
• 1CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock. - from the parlors
' of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's. Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery. - by 11:35 o'clock train i from Third and
Townsend streets. ¦•; v . ,; .¦¦.-...-. ' ..
"WAGNER— In Portland. 'Or.; July. 30, 1901. Bo-
- salla, « relict of '- Henry Wagner, i ¦ beloved
mother of - George, Loul», Adolph and Julia
Wagner and the late Pauline Goldbenr. Mrs.
L. Kuttner. Mrs. Dr. Buck of. Portland, and
"sister of Mrs. , S." Wagner j and Benjamin
Rosenberg*, r. -.ndtlve ,of. Prussia,' Germany.
(Marysville papers please copy.)-
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. /
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development Com-
pany— Location and '• principal place of busi-
ness, San Francisco,: Cal. ; location of works,
' Santa Barbara County. Cal. Notice Is hereby
given that at a. meeting of the board of di-
rectors held on the ,30th day, of July, 1901,
an assessment of four cents per. share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, ¦ payable Immediately to the secretary of
said corporation, at its office, room 304 Claus
• -Spreckels building, . southwest corner of Third
and Market' sts., San ' Francisco, Cal. Any
stock ¦" upon . which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the second day of September,
1901, will - be delinquent and advertised for
' sale at public auction, and unless payment is
. made will be sold on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1901, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. F. H.' CURLEY. Secretary.
Office, room 304, .Claus .Spreckels building,
southwest corner Third and Market sts.,' San
Francisco, Cal.The wholesale liquor house of Thomas
Taylor & Co. failed yesterday. The firm
Is well known , and has been in business
since 1858. The cause of the assignment
is said i to ' be a lack of ready "money,
caused by delinquent debtors. It is stated
that efforts will be made to secure a com
promise by means of which the firm may
resume business. ¦ ¦¦..•,¦ v
Wholesale Liquor . Firm Fails.
Both will? are the same. Mr. Wildman
provided that in event of ills death his
property should go to his wife, but in
event she did not survive him the prop
erty should revert to their son, Rounse
velle Wildman Jr. Mrs. Wildman pro
vided ,that her estate should go to her
husband, but in event she survived him
then the same should go to their son
There are none named. In the wills as
beneficiaries to take under their provi
sions. Hence the estates of the decedents
will be distributed among their heirs at
law. Consul Wildman, his wife and
babies went down with the ill-fated Rio
de Janeiro and together they rest In the
lost ship somewhere on the bed of the
deep. ~ .'„
•William F.' Aldrich has filed for probate
the last wills of the late Consul General
Rounsevelle Wildman and his wife, the
late Letitia Aldrich Wildman. The wills
of the decedents were executed at Hong
kong on March 20, 1900. Consul Wildman
placed the value of his estate at 516,900
and Mrs. Wildman stated that- her prop
erty was Worth $25,500.
Testaments of the Wild
mans Piled for
Probate.
FATE RENDERS
WILLS USELESS
•There is more trouble in Alaska mining
matters, and United States District JuSge
Noyes is mixed up in it again. United
States Circuit Jud&e Morrow Issued yes
terday in the name of the United States
Circuit Co'rt of Appeals a writ of super
sedeas directed against Judge Noyes, re
straining him from -proceeding with the
execution of the sentence pronounced by
him against James McKay, C. B. Wright,
Thomas Donahue, Charles Yager and
Alexander McCumber for contempt of
The" writ recites that the appellants ap
peal from the final order and judgment of
the District Court of the United States
for the second division of Alaska, adjudg
ing them to be in contempt on May 23,
1901, and that Judge Noyes refused them
a stay of proceedings or other legal relief
asked for. The- United States Circuit
Court of Appeals therefore commands
Judge Noyes to refrain from the execu
tion of his order and to stay further pro
ceedings, pending the. hearing of the ap-
From the petition for the writ it appears
that McKay and Yager were the owners
of claims Nos. 7 and 8 respectively on
Gold Bun Creek, above Mike Hayden'3
Discovery, on the same creek, in the Port
Clarence recording district of Alaska. Al
bert F. Stout began an action in eject
ment against the appellants and obtained
a temporary injunction restraining Mc-
Kay from working his claim. Stout there
upon entered upon Yager's claim, which
was not involve^ 'n the suit against Mc-
Kay, and proceed id to extract gold there
from. Hermann filed suit against Yager
for possession of his claim and proceeded
to work the claim until arrested for rob
bing " it. Because the appellants ousted,
Ring they were adjudged guilty of con
tempt of court and judgment was pro
nounced against them. Noyes denied their
prayer for a writ of supersedeas and re
fused to accept a bond from them. The
allegation Is further made that Ring was
deleased . on his own recognizance upon
the application of R. N. Stevens, who aft
erward acted as attorney for Ring in the
civil actions, and that Ring's case was
never prosecuted before the Federal
Grand Jury.
Judge Morrow Issues a
Supersedeas in a
Placer Case.
MINING TROUBLE
IN FAR ALASKA
The! only, route having through- sleeping
car eervice^between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. r Stop-overs allowed at* Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M, Fletcher. 126 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
President Newhall of the Chamber of
Commerce sent a telegram to Secretary
Root of the War Department yesterday
requesting that rio further delay be per
mitted In hastening to completion liie
Alameda Harbor tidal canal. It has been
learned that there is some opposition to
the continuance of the work, hence the
protest of Mr. Newhall, representing local
commercial interests. A
Requests Completion of Canal.
The members ; of St. ' James' parish will
give a * grand \ entertainment to-morrow,
evening at Metropolitan .Temple. The pro
gramme promises. to be one of the finest
ever rendered in . the city. • Robert Down
ing is down for a short act, Mr. Hptallng
will give some female impersonations and
several stars from the Orpheum have
promised to appear. Tickets are 50 centa
and the performance begins at 8 o'clock
sharp. • . ,
Orpheum Stars > Will Appear.
Vincent Biasloli, the boy who set fire to
the furniture In a flat at 425 Dolores street
"because he wanted to get . the $200 ; lnsur r
ance to k marry . his sweetheart,^ Fannie
Rousseau;- appeared in Judge * Mogan s
court yesterday to answer the charge -of
arson. He was Instructed as to. his rights,
and in answer to the Judge said he had no
attorney and- did not need one, • as; he had
confessed and guilty. A gentleman
said he would see that the boy was pro
vided with an attorney and. the case was
continued till August 6. - ¦ %
Biasioli Appears in Court.
To-Morrow Morning Bright and Early
The great sale of the Lyceum Clothing
Co. will begin. - Mention has been made
of this. clothing, deal. 2000 all-wool men's
suits will be on sale. These suits were
made, to be retailed for $20 a suit. I will
Gell them for my standard, $4.65 a suit
They are neat, stylish, elegant, fashion
able, in fancy cheviots, oxfords, worsteds
serges, in black and. blue, single. and dou
ble breasted, round and square cut. All
these suits are made of all-wool material
of the Stockton and Salem woolen mills
tailor made. Every piece of cloth is
shrunk before being made 'Into, a suit
These suits are worth $20. Yet from to
morrow on you can buy them for only
J^.65 a man's suit at the Lyceum Clothing
Assignee Sale of the "Boston, 773 Market
street, near Fourth. P. c. Kelly As
signee. ¦ ' •,
Mr. Cramer arrived In the city several
days ago but his purpose in coming was
known only to a favored few. What his
Intentions were was made manifest when
he called upon Rev. H. H. Bell -yesterday
and asked that he perform the ceremony
which was to bind him for life to . the
woman of his choice. When Rev. Mr. Bell
learned that Mr. Cramer was a divorce-1
man he declined to officiate on the ground
The desired divorce was granted at St.
Louis about six -months ago. Miss L*
Prohn was advised of that event soon
thereafter, and several weeks ago she
confided to her intimate friends that she
wc«ld marry Cramer at no distant day.
She was heartily congratulated at her
good fortune, which Involved her social
transition from a saleswoman's state
to that of the head of a millionaire's
household.
Mr. Cramer is the head of the well
known Cramer Dry Plate Manufacturing
Company of St. Louis, and while on a
business trip to this city a year ago he
met Miss Le Prohn at the Emporium.
Her charms of manner and person at
tracted him and, although at that time
a married man, he evidently resolved to
make her his wife should he b« granted
a divorce from Mrs. Cramer, from whom
he was then separated. .„.;:»,
A ROMANTIC marriage, in which
T. Ernest Cramer, a St. Louis
millionaire, and Miss Angelina
Le Prohn, late saleswoman in the
Emporium photograph gallery,
are the principals, will take place at Reno
to-day.
Mrs. Herman N. Butler of New York is on
a visit to her old home and will be pleased to
see her friends at the residence of her mother
Mrs. Philip N. Aronsen, 1948 Geary street, first
and second Saturdays. —.
Mrs. G. B. Corwin and daughter, Mrs. Charles
L. Hubbard of Los Angeles, are In the city
visiting at the home of Mr. 'and Mrs H G
Corwin, 1561 Post street, where they wili be
pleased to see their friends on Thursdays.
The engagement Is announced of Miss Lena
"Welnstock to Arthur Shafram of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss Flor
ence Demln*. the only daughter of Hallack V
Deming and brother of WlHIam H. Deminp
of the Demlng-Palmer Milling Company, to
Charles K. Harley of this city. The weddlnK
wllltake place in October. Mr. Harley is a
wholesale iron dealer and presWent of the
Charles Harley Company. -
Mrs. Max Gruenberg: and Mrs. M. L« w i s and
family are spending a month at Avalon, Cata
lina Island. Mrs. / Gruenberg expects to return
to Alameda on August 15.
Mrs. Richard Murphy and the Misses Kitty
and Hannah Murphy have returned from their
two weeks' sojourn In the Santa Cruz Moun
tains. . .••».
• The Misses Marie and Anita "Walsh are
Fpcndlnr their vacation at "The Oak." near
Sevastopol. . •.-.'..- .... .
Mrs. Strelitz-Davis haa moved to 1347 Ellis
street. - • .
Mrs. J. MeSorley. Mrs. William McSorley and
Miss McSorley after spending several weeks
with Mrs. M. J. Molloy and Mrs. J. Devine
have returned to their home at Park City,
Milton E. Getz left on Tuesday for a two
weeks' stay at Harbin "Springs, Lake County
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Key and Dr. Walter Key
have left for a three weeks' vacation in Men
doclno County. J '-,- V
Mrs. H. A. Isenberg of Honolulu has re
turned from Del . Monte and will remain in
this city -for some time.
Miss M. Malone. Miss F. Cook, Miss A. Paul
son. Miss M. Paulson. Miss F. Greeninger, Miss
J. Greeninger, Mr. Basset, Lu Simpson. R. C.
Greenlnger. J. Burnside, J. H. Paulson. L,
Bray and C. Nickum.
Pilot Commissioner William G. Leale
gave a yachting party to a number of
his friends last Saturday on board the
pilot-boat America. Pilot Joe Jordan was
at the wheel, and with a strong "wester"
blowing the pleasure seekers were given a
taste of realistic life on the briny deep.
A run was made to the heads, thence
along the Marin shore, through Raccoon
Straits and back to the south bay. where
luncheon was served. In the afternoon
a run was made to Red Rock and the
quarantine ship Omaha. Among those
present were: - Mrs. Al Runyon, Mrs. J.
Jordan. Miss Conrad. Miss Sullivan, Miss
Jessie Banks, Miss Ethel Banks, Miss El
sie Leale, Mrs. G. Runyon, Mrs. Lunber"
Miss Ethel Angus. Miss Grace Runyon'
Miss Elizabeth Vincent, Judge Melvtn
Captain W. G. Leale. Senator Boyce!
Harry Runyon, J. Jordon Jr., Pilot Joe
Jordan, Joe Lunberg, J. Burns. F. W. Blr
lem and Master Runyon,
The Anemones spent a very pleasant
evening Saturday, July 13, at the home of
R. C. Greeninger. Progressive hearts was
the feature of the evening. Miss M Ma
lone and Mr. Basset carrying off first
prizes. Miss F. Cook and J. Burnsido
were awarded the booby prizes. Tho«e
participating in the game were the fol
lowing named:
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Mr. Cramer was not to be balked, how
ever. He consulted with Miss Le Prohn
with the result that a trip to Reno was
decided upon. The couple left for that
place last night, and their marriage will
be solemnized to-day. On their return
they will make a bridal trip to Del Monte
and after a few days spent at ¦ Monterey
will leave for St. Louis, where the couple
are to reside in future.
Mr. Cramer is an expert photographer
and widely known to the camera craft of
two continents. Miss Le Prohn is a charm
ing young woman, who resides at
Hayes street. A reception will be ten
dered to the happy couple on their return
to this city.
that the California laws prohibited a
divorced person from marrying within a
year after the granting of the decree.
PRINCIPALS IN A ROMANTIC
MARRIAGE WHICH OCCURS* AT
RENO TO-DAY. ADAMS PHOTO.
?
. Secretary Emery of the Board of Health
made the discovery yesterday that Chi
nese were recording their certificates of
birth in Ithe Recorder's office many years
after the" births occurred, whereas the law
requires that they shall be recorded with
in thhtydays. Emery sees In this viola
tion of the law a chance for the wily Ce
lestials to evade the . exclusion act by
sending the certificates to Chinese in the
Orient who are desirous of quitting China
and who use this method to defeat the
ends of the act. „ " : ,
Recorder Godchaux states that during
the last year and a half more than_500
Chinese ihave appeared before him with
affidavits signed by notaries public show
ing that tho former were born on a cer
tain date In San Francisco or some other
American city. Many of <the Chinese
were born 1 thirty or more years ago and
r.o registration of their birth was ever
made.. The purpose of obtaining a certifi
cate, many of them state, is to -guard
against complications in . the^ event of a
visit to China; It is held that certificates
Issued after a lapse of thirty years, when
all evidence as required by law _is_ de
stroyed,, are illegal. Recorder Godchaux
has directed the attention of the Mayor
to the facts as' noted in his annual report,
filed with that official yesterday. The re
port further says:
I deem it! my duty to refer to the necessity
that exists for greater care and diligence In
tSe filing of mortuary and vital statistics. ; The
law requires that a report of all and
delths be filed -with the Board of Health, the
records being in due time transferred to this
office This office is constantly besieged with
applications ' for certified copies of such | rec
ords 'These copies must be produced by al
Americans ¦ who enter in any way in judicial
DTOceedinKS in foreign countries, jind in ' the
matter of .inheritances. marria B e 8 . schooling,
etc I find that in many cases our books
Ihow no records at: all, in others they are
g Du S r7ni n tne rO y r Ur which ended June 30. 1901
there were received In this office a total' of
25 7G6 instruments., being 1144 In excess of the
DrecedlnE year. .The receipts from all sources,
Surtns the year amounted to $39,584 45. . The
expires for y the same time were $33,852. leaving
a net surplus ' of $5732 4a. * . i
CHINESE IGNORE
BIRTH RECORDS
Violate Law by Long
Delay in Registering :
I- ¦-¦•'•* Certificates.
• The Republicans of the Thirty-second
Assembly District organized in; Penny's
Hall, Potrero, last night.. There was a
rousing meeting and much enthusiasm
was manifested by the Republicans of
the eastern end of the district. After
seventy-flve names had. been' placed on
the roll the club proceeded to organize,
with Dr. T. Byron DeWItt as -president
and Howard H. Oellig as secretary. In
opening the meeting Dr. DeWitt stated
that the time had arrived for -all good
Republicans to come to the front and en
roll themselves on ! their club register,
with the view of electing a superior class
of. delegates to the nominating conven
tion. ¦
These remarks were indorsed by
Thomas Duff, one of the oldest Republi
cans'in the Potrero, a man who has been
foremost in advocating clean politics and
good men for office. Mark Anthony was
emphatic in his denunciation of corrupt
methods': in politics. Zacharias Taylor
Whitten, who has figured as a prominent
Republican In the district, was outspoken
against boss rule.
Forty-Fourth District.
¦To-morrow evening there will be a big
meeting under the auspices of the Re
publican Primary League Club of the
Forty-fourth District at Washington
square Hall, corner of Union and Stock
ton streets. . Eloquent and able speakers,
among them A. Ruef, will address* the
citizens . of the Forty-fourth District.
Fortieth "District Democrats.
The . Jefferponiari Anti-Phelan Demo
cratic Club "of "the Fortieth District was
organized last night at Franklin Hall:
The club is -opposed to the Phelan wing
of the Democratic party and. was called
ti order by Robert Haight. Officers were
elected as follows:
M. Brady, president; Louis Rattigan,
vice president; H. Choynski, secretary;
A, Einsfield, treasurer;' Daniel Sheerin,
S. P. Elias. Meyer Coblentz, H. . Borner
man and H. Buckley, executive commit
tee ; committee" .to select delegates to j the
municipal convention — A. • Elnsfleld, • Ed
Rock, M. J. Hanerty, Robert Haight, J.
P., Murphy, A. Figel and George W. An
drews. -. • '•¦ ¦
Speeches .were made by Captain L. N.
Thirty-Second District.
Frank French, who is currying boss
r ay0E to get the nomination for Recorder,
will not have things his own way in the
Thirty-sixth. The ¦ property owners : and
other good citizens who are' interested in
the prosperity of the district are not will
ing: to sacrifice their principles in order
to give French a tracing- delegation for
the bosses to use. Last night there was
a large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Republican Primary League Club of the
Thirty-sixth at Twentieth ,l.and (Guerrero
streets. Convincing addresses were made
by D. TV. Burchard. C. H. Allen, A. P.
van Duzer and F. TV. Van Reynegom. All
good citizens of the district should sus
tain the League Club. It is free from
boss influences. .
Thirty-Sixth . District
T|—>*a VERY registered citizen who haa
I jj changed his placa of residence
¦ r~pl since the last .general : election
ILJ^ should re-register \ before . Satur
day next, •¦ as registration for the'
primary election closes . on that date. :
All new., comers who have acquired a
right to vote by one year's residence In
the. State should get on the register;be
fore August 3 in order 'to. be able to cast
a. ballot at the primary election for good
local. government. ¦ s . -
Enrollment of- citizens under the auc
pices of the Republican Primary League
district clubs is progressing. All - the
signs point to anti-boss triumph at the
polls, as the league forces are daily gain
ing in strength. :.The allied bosses under
the . leadership of Martin Kelly ¦ have
abandoned the plan of putting up straight
boss tickets and are giving . their atten
tion to compromise propositions.
By coalescing with district clubs estab
lished to help certain candidates, for
municipal offices they hope to win a few
delegates In the antii-boss districts. -The
Republican Primary League will put for
ward straight out-and-out anti-boss tick
ets. Tho league has no candidates to
lavor. The purpose of the organization Is
to. awaken the people to a sense of the
importance of the primary election to the
end that citizens of good character may
be elected to the municipal nominating
convention.;. -
Mitchell bringre word that W. T. Jeter
of Santa Cruz, who was the appointee of
Governor Budd as Lieutenant Governor
of the State; Barney Murphy of San Jose,
r.owa bank commissioner; Dr. Washington
Dodge.' City and County Assessor of San
Francisco, not to mention former Gover
nor Budd and' Mayor M. P. Snyder of this
city, all have their admirers for the nom
ination, among northern Democrats.
"We are. in no mood," concluded Mitch
ell, "to chase strange gods any further,
but will next year go before the people
with a ticket and platform of the variety
which was utilized before Bryanism was
known to the party."
The local Democrats, not to be outdone,
are also talking of available timber. John
"W. Mitchell of the Democratic State Cen
tral • Committee has just returned from
San Francisco with the boom of Garret
McEnerney' in his waistcoat , pocket.
Mitchell is certain that Garret McEner
ney would prove the most formidable
candidate the Democracy could find for
the head of its State ticket, but he quali
fies his opinion with the statement that
the well-known San Francisco lawyer
could probably not be induced to accept
the nomination." ¦: ~. • "
The latest aspirant for the chief office
of the State is a man between 40 and 45
years of age. He is spoken of as a man
of a retiring "disposition, who thinks and
acts, but seldom talks at any great length.
He is a Native Son of the Golden West.
Furthermore Power has amassed a tidy
fortune in the mining business, which will
enable him. to carry on a vigorous cam
paign. . .;.
John F. Kidder, who came to California
in the days of gold, wanted to represent
the Second Congressional District in that
convention. Kidder died a short time ago,
leaving a considerable fortune. During
his long life in the mining districts of the
State he had only to ask a favor at the
hands of. the Republicans to have it grant
ed. For many years Kidder was State
Debris Commissioner. .When he became
a candidate as delegate to the convention
which named President McKinley^for a
second term he found that Harold Power
was also a candidate for that honor. After
a hard fight Power won out. In winning
from so formidable an • opponent, Power
proved beyond any question his strength
in the mountain districts.
Jacob Neff,. Lieutenant Governor of Cal
ifornia,, whose feeling for, Governor Gage
is known to be none too friendly, is said
to be the man who will urge and fight for
Power's nomination when the proper time
comes. While Power's name is hardly one
to #onjure with at the present time in
southern political circles, he has a brief
political history. In the Xhirty-second
California' Assembly he represented Pla
cer County, but he " showed his greatest
strength when delegates were elected to
the last national Republican convention
at Philadelphia. - .
. LOS ANGELES. July : 30.— Yet another
aspirant for gubernatorial honors .was an
nounced here to-day in the person of Har
old T. Power, superintendent of the Hid
den Treasure mine at -Forest Hill, Placer
County, 'who has a. handsome residence at
Auburn. '"?-""
tioned for Gubernatorial Honors.
Placer County Man Is Now Men-.
A Joint, meeting of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District Republican Clubs Nos.
1 and 2 will be held this evening at Scot
tish Hall, 107 Larkin street, for the con
sideration of important issues in the mu
nicipal campaign.
¦ '¦ ¦ " -?— - — .
POWER - ANOTHER ASPIRANT.
Joint Meeting of . Clubs.
f Thirty-Ninth District Democrats.
The ' regular - Democratic Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly ¦ District met at
Scottish Hall last night and elected the
following officers: . - '
President, •- Saul Magner; first vice
president, Joseph B.: Kennedy r second
vice president, Thomas J. Cooney; secre
tary, John C. Quinlan; treasurer, Joseph
P. Marshall ; - nominating - committee-
Joseph Slye, J. H. C. Edwards, Charles
F. Wrgiht, Charles Fisher and Edward
Russell.-
Manzer and Robert Haight.' in which the
hundred Democrats present a- were . , ex
horted to maintain organization to insure
the success of the -party at the:next
election. Mayor Phelan was- roundly
scored for using his high office to further
his own political 'aspirations. '•¦ i .'"¦ ¦
"In the first place, the majority of the
streets under which the cables -are laid
are paved with asphaltum, and water does
not percolate through that substance. In
addition to this surface protection, the
asphaltum rests on rubble and sand, whils
the lead-encased electric/cables are em
bedded in terra-cotta conduits surrounded
on all sides by four Inches of concrete. •
"It would be impossible for water to
percolate from the surface of the streets
to the -cables." • .,
"Another false statement is the one that
'the cost, of tearing up the streets to lay
the gas mains deterred the establishment
of the Independent Gas Company.'
"The matter of laying the pipes in the
streets has been hel<? up. owing to an or
dinance passed by < the Board of Supervi
sors requiring the company to pay for the
cost of inspection of the pipe . by the
Board of Public "Works. This would en
tail an extra expense of $60,000 on the com
pany. The amount is not of such vital
importance, but it is the principle of the
thing. . :
"The old gas company was not required
to have its ; pipes inspected and pay city
officials for doing so. It is to the inter
est of the new company to lay its pipes
in proper manner. Claus Spreckels i says
that he will not lay a single pipe under
such an ordinance. The old company was
not required to do so, and it is unjust and
unfair that the new company should be
thus imposed upon. \ *
"The oft-repeated absurd stories made
in the morning and. evening yellow .lour-"
nals that the underground cables of the
Independent Electric Company .were'af
fected by water in rainy weather serve
to amuse practical electricians. The many
thousand citizens , who * saw the work ; of
placing the cables under the streets can
readily realize the absurdity of such
statements. . .
"It is false to say that the Independent
Gas Company has vanished. On the con
trary, the work at the Potrero of build
ing the generating houses and gas hold
ers is progressing actively and will be so
continued until the works are finished.
Gas Plant to Be Finished.
"Not a single piece of gas pipe has been
shipped from this city to be sold else
where. The gas pipe was shipped to San
Francisco via Seattle, and that is the only
manner in which Seattle can be. men
tioned in connection with the pipe of the
Independent Gas Company.
"Another statement that is false is the
one that says a large quantity of gas pipe
intended for the Independent Gas Com
pany has been shipped io Seattle and sold
in that city. ¦..».•
"Neither Attorney Preston nor myself
have ever met these gentlemen in con
nection with the sale of the Independent
Company. We are not conducting any
negotiations of sale; we have not done so
art do not propose to do so.
, "The statement that Attorney Preston
and myself have conducted negotiations
for the safe of the Independent Company
'.and that we have met the other side, as
represented by I. W. Hellman, Henry
Wadsworth, Antoine Borel and Daniel
Meyer, is absolutely, false.
Report of Negotiations False.
"The sale of the Independent Light and
Power Company has never been thought
of by us. Another false statement in the
article i3 the one that customers have
fallen off. As a matter of fact, customers
are conning in every day to sign contracts
and expired contracts are being daily re
newed. Eight to a dozen contracts are
signed daily. The workmen of the com
pany are kept busy from morning till
evening making connections from the
street mains to houses and places of busi
ness of customers.
"It is false to say that competition in
lighting in this city is .to end. Claus
Spreckels proposes to run- the companies
I have mentioned on the same lines he
has followed from their inception up to
the present time. *f .
"There is not a single word »of truth
in the article as to the plant of the Inde
pendent Light Company being more cost
ly than expected. On the contrary, the
cost of equipment has been less than was
estimated when the work commenced.
Claus Spreckels returned last evening
from Lake Tahoe. but an interview was
had yesterday with John D. Spreckels. In
speaking of the publication in the Ex
aminer Mr. Spreckels said: "There is not
a word of truth in this article from its
beginning to its ending. My father, Claus
Spreckels, has not sold the Independent
Electric Light and Power Company and
the Independent Gas Company • to any
competitor.
Positive Denial of Sale.
The ma so of falsehood and fabrication
only served to create amusement to the
few readers of 'the sensational morning
paper and, when an equally saffron-hued
evening paper swallowed the Examiner's
wild and lurid tale, publishing it with
many embellishments, more - amusement
was caused.
As a matter of fact, the Independent
Electric Light and Power Company is
signing daily from eight to twelve new
contracts with city consumers of electric
light and power and the workmen of the
company are kept busy, making . connec
tions from the street mains to the places
of business of patrons..
The Examiner manufactures a - tale ¦ of
how 'Claus Spreckels was "tired of the
electric light business," and says it was
"no easy task to get customers." The pa
per then enters into a stupid explanation
of "high and low voltage currents," and
in its ignorance endeavors to 6how that
the power of the Spreckels company wa3
too costly for this city.
Equally false statements appear in the
article as to the cost of .the. Independent
Electric Light and Power Company's
plant, and the paper tells of the "costly
mistakes made by the engineers" who had
the work of construction in charge.
Contracts Signed Daily.
Not content with making the statement
that Claus Spreckels "was prepared to sell
the two companies, the "monarch of the
dailies" goes into details as to the*alleged
negotiations and, I without the 'Sghtest
authority, quotes the names of prominent
citizens who are "conducting the negotia
tions."
The article, displayed with strong head
lines and occupying almost a "column, has
not a single line that contains jsven the,,
semblance of truth.
Among all the "fakes" it has published
in the last few weeks none has been more
willfully false than its statement made
yesterday that the Independent Electric
Light and Power Company and the Inde
pendent Gas Company would be sold by
Claus Spreckels to the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. . - . ¦ (v.
Unable to secure news, the Examiner,
the self-styled "monarch of the dallies,"
is once asain hard at work in operating
its "fake" bureau. ; " ¦ . - ; -
Clans Spreckels "Will ¦ Complete His
Electric and Gas "Works and Ope
rate Them When . They
Are Finished.
Property.
No Negotiations Have Taken
Place for Disposal of
Totally False \ Statement
Published by the
Examiner.
INDEPENDENT
LIGHT PLANT
NOT FOR SALE
Earnest and Active ¦ Work of the District
Clubs-— Anti-Boss i Victory Is '-Assured;
Registration Is -the Duty of the -Hour
LARGE ENROLLMENT OF CITIZENS
IN REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
THE S AN :FKANpIS(Dp CALL^ WEDNESDAY^ JTJLT 31, 1 90lC
T. Ernest Cramer; Renowned -Photographer,
Divorced at St. Louis Six Months T Ago,
Will Espouse Miss Angelina Le Prohn
MILLIONAIRE TO WED CHARMING
EMPORIUM SALESWOMAN AT RENO
• •
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN and
W^^^ WOMEN
'¦ */&&\!%^2&/ift^ can o&ta'n renewed
* /**i5}Q}S^2!£GPV > % . strength and vlitor
» JV^-£J T W»5£vV^ \ fc y the uso ot "Dr.
/7FjfT*V'AV Plerce's (latest 1m-
*£* rJ>\.% * \^ > " proved) BLEC-
T** ~ * • x ikiL* SKi^x and
appliances. Drugs
do not cure. Electricity Is tba remedy!
Buy no Belt until you Bee "Dr, Pterca'a."
¦ for It Is the BEST and the lowest In price.
E7Call at office or send a 2-cent stamp
for new "Booklet No. t" Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. SO6 Post st. San Fran-
cUco. New York office— 1145 Broadway.
LOWEST PRICES
EVER MADE
waulTpaper.
FIGURED paper Se per roll
GILT •• 6c ••
EMBOSSED " 10c "
fi. W. CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
<W-~^ 'Phone Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
'ECONOMY IN GROCERIES.
nilTTrn "Ne-w Era" squares HOa
du tn is*** b€St - „ Ma £ e9 olJC
** lh " friends everywhere. De- ww
Melons to the taste. Usually 40c. "Wednes-
day and Saturday evenings only.
EAGLE MILK il™:i.25c
OnrPrr "Java and Mocha," lb.. OC*
blJ rrtt B^SSc^ind. Four 258
DCAN? Fancy Pink. 11 lbs t)C n
ULAPiO Clean, fresh. 100-lb sack. /OR
Mfc> " llw 52. usually 7 lbs for 25c. tWU
PI A PUT " st - Helena," vineyard OC n
ULAnt gallon • ; jOC
Rich— smooth— 5 years
old. Price cut in half. 5 gallons. Jl 50.
fl VOTED 0 "Cosmos" brand, 3Oj: ft
U1U Baltimore Cove. Usu- fc H M
ally 12%c. , '\
niprBest Japan, 9 pounds CffJi
nlut Cooks white, full grain. Reg-DUC
ular'8c lb. wwv
D H VI I Baking Powder, pound.. 071 a
nUTAL Tradm S fa ere is saving J log
money. "*
U/UICsfCV Jesse Moore Rye. Silver
If II I O !\ t I Crescent. Old Crow. Q r -
IWnUI Hermitage. Old Gov- HOG
ernment. Quart bottles www
Drug store price. $1 25.
Get list of EXTRA SPECIALS at stor«.
An odd consignment from Italy whlcS
reached an Indiana town the other day
consisted of one bee — a large queen insect,
which is to form the nucleus of an apiary,
6M PIERCES
MEDICAL "
BLOOaJjVERiuJMGS.
RRTTQWi?Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
•IUUOn£iO<n> bootblacks, bath-
¦• - houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannern,
dyers, flour-mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc -
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacra m;!u\]s \
If your doctor prescribes whiskey, order
Jesso Moore every time. •
Verus cures piles or $60 reward. All up-
to-date druggists sell und guarantee it. •
DR. GROSSMAN'S -
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
I~o<* the Cup* oT Conori*hoea. Cleats.
Strictures and analogous comi>!alat<
of tb» Organs of Generation.
Price tl a. bcttls. For tals by druggist!. '
FOR TH 15 WEEK;
\ 450 pairs LADIES' IMPORTED KID GLO.VES, In lJOt&
¦U piaue seams and oyerseams, all good -shades, sizes
V bilQ 7.
Price Jbl.Uu rflir.
Reduced from $1.73.
200 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, fine gauge and
Hermsdorr fast fclack, spliced soles, heels and toes,
Doth plain Jlack and Maco feet
Price 25c Pair.
RegularValue $4.00 Dozen.
.100 dozen LADIES' RIBBED LISLE THREAD, VESTS,
ecru op white, low neck and sleeveless, also high
neck with either long op short sleeves.
Price 50c tach.
-75 LADIES' COLORED SILK SKIRTS, In nine dirrerent
;:-•>: colorings. These skirts are made from a good
duality of pure silk taffeta, have deep accordeon-
pieated flounces, and are perf ectlu new goods. Price
to close .-•
$6.00 Each.
Worth $9.00.
-275 pieces Extra QualltU GROS DE NAPLES TAFFETA
RIBBON, full 5 Inches wide, in fifteen of the leading
new shades. ~z<jj\)
Price 35c Yard.
35 - LADIES' " FEATHER BOAS, In Gran, Natural and
Black. These Boas are the finest ever sold hn us
.and measure full 45 Inches long.
Price $12.50 Each.
- 300 Dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED and EMBROIDERED
SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, ¦ laundered OP
unlaundered..
Price 25c Each.
:.",' III, 113. IIS. 117. 119. 121 POST. STREET.
¦ •¦¦ M^^^^S-' S6ffli r Annual /
¦MSl,,, fSllfiiS^ Special Bargains - .
:''.HHHHH^ InEvery.Department.
?&?yi$(Mv\ ""^^^S^ls^^^^ Handsome Bedroom Suits — Brass
&MzB&M Beds > Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers,
WSSWi -^fiPaM|m Fancy Rockers, Folding Beds and
*u^0yo^ '/~'~zk other household goods which you
ffif l^jfZ~ I "- Jr i/^^^§^^^^ tt -" K '^^=' can secure at prices never before of-
*^""""--^^^^*^^^^. i toed.
.¦;-;. ¦ '¦'¦ -^ -««sS5lS£3(-o" Don't Miss This Opportunity.
.¦.'.;'- . .Special Discounts, from" 10 to 40. per cent for , cash. ..
THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND.'CARPET HOUSE,
}} Cash or Credit. :
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO,^^S!S~
SCLEROTIC
EYE ANATOMY
Has been a life study with us.
We fully understand the re-
quirements of . the eye,: and .
hence you take no chances in
coming to us to be fitted.
Our» success is due ' to ,the
fact that' we fit glasses with -
¦ scientific accuracy. ¦
iSTAKDARpOPT|£ftL€O.
?I7 Kearneyjj .- 3an fr^ci^
It Will Pay You to Bring 'i.bis
Ad With You to Our Store.
fill !¦ ¦ nr .,.«
.