VOLUME XC-NO. 139.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THUBSDAT, OCTOBER IT, 1901.
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION CLOSES THIS EVENING
WHEN PASTORAL LETTER IS TO BE DELIVERED
THB-Hou.se of Deputies assem
bled promptly at 10 yesterday
morning and proceeded at once
to the business of the day.
After the reading of the min
utes of the previous day, they
"!were adopted.
The president announced as the com
toittee on the orders of the Reformed
stltutlon would allow the missionary dele
gates to vote, ihey had not been dis
franchised, as had been stated. The right
of- representation of the delegates was
similar to those of residents In the Terri
tories of the United States. He hoped
that the districts would do au in their
power to become self-supporting axid thus
be changed into dioceses.
offered up by the entire congregation, led by
the reverend chairman, previous to the reading
of the report.' The Rev. Mr. De Rousset, chair
man of the committee, then read the report, the
entire convention standing-. •
Tbe report showed that the follo-wlng clergy
men end lay deputies of the church had died
la the last three rears: / ; •
Continued on Pago Five.
Question of Courts of Appeal Is Not Acted Upon,
Owing to Nearness of Adjournment.
REVEREND DR. CAMERON MANN
IS ELECTED TO A BISHOPRIC
say, chairman.' of ,th<3 ; house. . During the
reading- of • the' names of- the deceased
members j the .deputies" stood. ". The' cere-:
mo'ny was brief -but was deeply . imprcs-'
sive..^;"-..; \u25a0\u25a0: '.'.\u25a0'."', /:''\'.: \u25a0'\u25a0'.!.•• v. : ; •'\u25a0'" ;\u25a0 \u25a0•;.\u25a0.'',
'The* house allowed ; the committee ..on'
courts of appeal" to .continue Its. work "un
,til v the ; next ..convention, -\ there • not \ being
sufficient time in • which ' to take :up this^
important subject. . \u25a0/'\u25a0 .:\u25a0'.'. ', ' .
\u25a0 The deputies also discussed the DtoDosal
except wh»n : votes are • taken by • clerical
and lay orders. -^ The house' also accepted
the. nomination- by . the. upper house; of th'fl
Rev. Dr. Cameron Mann of {West Missouri
as Bishop 'of North; Dakota. J-. ; '. . ..'•'. - ;
An ' impressive ' scene' was ; witnessed j, in
the House of Deputies when the memorial
on deceased members^ was read. The en
tire gathering, knelt in prayerj previous- to
readinsr of^the/njemorrlaj.a solemn invoca
tion being delivered by the Rev.- Dr. Lind-
The House of Deputies accepted a f<wo
lutlon, after a debate, which provides that
missionary districts shall have tha rl{jbt
to vote in the conventions of the church.
YESTERDAY'S proceedings of
the General Convention of, the
Episcopal Church were impor
tant because of. the amount
of business transacted by the
House of Bishops and the House
of Deputies. \
Much Work Is Done During;<GIbsirig-;^H^ii rs';v.-by.''.pjre- :
: plates, Clergy and Laymen; ||t|ISfi WM : \
DEPUTIES HONOR THE MEMORY
OF THEIR DECEASED BROTHERS
There were between sixty and seventy
guests present to grset Bishop "Weed and
his wife and among the number were
many distinguished prelates. Among those
who attended the reception were: The
Bishop of Georgia, Rt Rev. Bishop Hor
ner of North \u25a0 Carolina, Rt. Rev. Bishop
White of Michigan City, Dr. "Winchester
of St. Louis and Dr. Knight of Tennessee.
A reception was tendered Bishop "Weed
of Florida and his wife by Mrs. E. R.
Ellis last night at her residence, 2716 Sac
ramento street- Mrs. Ellis also came from
Florida and while sojourning In that State
was numbered among the frlend3 of tho
Bishop and his wife. Although the recep
tion was entirely Informal an enjoyable
time was .had by all present. The evening
was passed in social converse and vocal
and instrumental music.
on ' Sacramento Street.
Mrs. E. R. Ellis Entertains the Emi
nent Prelate at Her Residence
BISHOP W±ltil> AN3> WIFE
TENDERED Ai H1X7EPTION
JJfylTH the sessions to be held this morning and afternoon the. Gcitcral 'Convention of the
yy Episcopal Church of the United States zmll terminate. <. \u25a0 •\u25a0 V • .
flits morning the House of Bishops and' the House of Deputies will assemble at jo in
Trinity Church, holding separate meetings, for the dispatch of business.; ., ' ' .. '
Both houses will adjourn at I p % m. and meet again at 2:30' p.m./zvhen the final ivprk of
the convention- ivill take place. . A • •.;\u25a0 . .1- .';..'"• . . . .'
At 5 p. in. the House of Bishops and the House of Deputies will assemble in Trinity Church,
when sendee will be held and the pastoral letter mill be read. . '\u25a0) \u25a0"• - : \u25a0•' \u25a0;'; . :: ; : \u25a0
. Bishop Tuttle of Missouri tvill conduct the service,' 'ana \ the '• 'pastoral letter -.will be delivered by
Bishop Dudley of Kentucky'. , -. u "s "l*^y Vw-_~;."' . 4 '/\< '- \u25a0. ;•;•; # -
\u25a0The Bishops ivill zvear~ their robes of office; and march in procession- from the. vestry-room
of Trinity Church along Bush street to the 'main doors of 'the, ediixce.'dn G'ougH street: The servhe
will be similar to the one held at, the opening pf. the present convention: u r ! \\t^ 7 'U- ; -;',.,';
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION ENDS TO-DAY
HOUSE OF DEPUTIES HONORING THE MEMORY OF DECEASED MEMGBRS
Messrs. William G. Low, Julian TV Davis,
Alfred Mills. Gordon King, Ellhu Chauncy,
Henry L. Morris, George C. Thomas, Arthur
Krerson, James J. Goodwin. Berton Mansfield,
John J. Thompson. Alfred T. Mahan, Rath
bone Gardner, Geor?s *W. Pepper and William
R. Butler. *
At' the request of the Right Rev. Dr.
Klnnolvlns, who is known as tho Bishop
In rtrnztl, hi* title was changed to tho
lilshup of Southern Brazil.
Tho House of Bishop* al.ii> agreed to
appoint ' & eommlaalon to meet with de
nominations with a view toward securing
uniform laws on marriage and divorce.
The Bishops of Albany, Maryland and th i
coadjutor of Rhode Island ' were ap
pointed.
Tho following Bishops, presbyters and
laymen were appointed & board of man
agers of the Domestic and Foreign Mis
sionary Society:
Tho Eight Reverends Ooane, "Whltaker, Kites.
Dudley, Scarborough. Seymour, Fotkerin. Fot
ter, 'Worthlngton, Talbot, Caylor, Satterlee,
Brewster, ! MoVlckcr and Whltehead.
. The Reverends Eugene A. Hoffman. J. H.
EceleEton, George AV. Smith, 'William R. Hunt
lngton. Octavlus Applegate, David L» . Greer,
H. Talbot, Henry Anstice. George Mc
*Flsk, Reece P. Alsop, James de W." Reny,
Henry "W. Nelson, Rudolph H. McKim, Ernest
M. Stives and Edwin S. Sims.
The Huntlngton amendment was taken
up by the Bishops nnd failed to pass. It
was an amendment to article X of tha
constitution and provided for tho spiritual
oversight by a Bishop of differing congre
gations not In union with the Episcopal
ehiireh.' \u25a0
committee of conference was appointed to
correct the mistake.
\u25a0 Despite . the victory won on Tuesday by
the ' Rev. .' Dr. ' Huntlngton" of New York
in securing a favorable vote In the House
of Ueputles for an amendment to the con
stitution to allow a Bishop to give spirit
ual : . oversight •. to congregations not;' in
union -with <• the Episcopal Church tho
House of Bishops yesterday refused to
concur In the measure. A conference com.
mfttee will be asked for by Dr. Huntln*?
• ton 'fo consider the subject.
•. The House of Bishops expressed its ad
miration -ror ;. the remarkable missionary
mass-meeting held In the Mechanics' Pa
vilion and the general reception accorded
the members of the . convention and ten
dered" a vote of ;\u25a0' appreciation to' Bishop
Nichols of California, . .'
-.The; House of Bishops and the House of
Deputies concurred in the selection of the
hew. board of managers for the Board of
Missions.
for. a 'joint commission to confer on the
change of -name of tho church and the
commission will be appointed to-day.
AT Its session yesterday after
noon the House of Bishops
took occasion to show, its ap
preclntlon to the Rfght Rev.
William Ford NJehola, Bishop
of California, for the courte
eles extended to Us members.
The following resolution at thanks was
Introduced by Bishop Donne of Albany
anil adopted by n rising votes
The Mfihopi, \u25a0(•parating nfUr thin nennion of
Him house f.« part of tha General Convention
of the church, which han b*»n brief in time,
but marked, by exceptional attendance and by
tlift accomplishment of an unusual nmotint of
work/ i.il,.* tills method of exsreeglng to their
brother, the Dlihep of California, their loving
appreciation of the warm generosity of which
hi linn been th« Instrument and th« Inspire
tUm.'
The ttlshopa add to this the expression . of
their admiration for the power and perfectntM
of the provisions which h&va made so effective,
not merely tho accommodation and convenience
of the Bishops, but the missionary meetings,
noticeably the meeting* in tha Mechanics' Fa
villon, the conduct of which must stand con
nploUous 'among ' the great missionary gather-
Ings of this church for lmpresslvencss and in
,fluer.ce.
A of thanks was also given the
Southern Pacific Company for the delight
ful excursion on the bay. /
The Bishops concurred with, the House
of Deputies on the amendment to the con
stitution providing for deputies from mis
sionary districts. " \u25a0' \u25a0 • ... '
The amendment to the constitution re
garding the election of a presiding Bishop
as received- from the House of Deputies
wan . found . to • have a clerical error and a
The report of the committee on memorials of
deceased members waa received, prayer belnt
TRIBUTE TO DEAD MEMBERS.
A vote by orders waa taken on the proposed
amendment to aliow the missionary districts
the right to vote in the General Convention,
except when votes were taken by orders. The
amendment was adopted by the following vote:
' Clerical. Lay.
Ayes 37 34
. Noes 15 / ie
Divided Z 5 1
The debate was continued at length. Delegate
W\ H. Lightner of Minnesota speaking against
the measure and the Rev. DrsJ Baker of New
Jersey, Evans of Pennsylvania j and Martin of
New Mexico in favor of It.
The Itev. Dr. Arnold of Southern Florida
ergrued on tha same side, earing: "Many of
us wens originally in dioceses, and for the
advantage of the church missionary Jurisdic
tions were formed out of thooo dioceses. Is
It fair or Just that we should be disfranchised
because w« happen to be carved out of exist
ing dioceses? I look upon it as an act of in
justice and I ask you to right this matter."
The Rev. Dr. Penrlck made a vigorous plea
on the same side, saying: "I happen to know
of my own personal knowledge that the dis
franchising of missionary districts is keeping
out of the missionary field the strong,, stalwart
men of tne church, the only men worth stand
ing-room in the field, the only men who can
ever make it other than missionary. Human
nature being what it Is men of brain and
brawn will not hasten to be shorn of their
right of suffrage, a right which is vouchsafed
to the weakest diocese in this land. They will
cot hasten to submit to an unwarrantable, un
just, unreasonable, senseless discrimination,
and hence our missionary Bishops cry in vain,
cry till they are sore of throat and sick of
heart fcr the manly thought necessary for the
winning of their hard fields, but the men come
not."
Deputy Evans of Pennsylvania felt con
strained to vote against the measure, and
thought the missionary districts had no
more right to vote than did the Territo
ries of the United States in Congress.
CANON DENOUNCED AS UNJUST
The Rev. Mr. Martin of Texas pleaded
for representation of the missionary dis
tricts. The aci of voting pop.sefsspd by tbe
dloceops was a bribe held out by the dio
ceses to Induce thu clergy to leavo the
missionary flHd nnd accept a ehargo In
a dloccae. he said. Whnt would havo been
thought If St. Paul In returning to Jeru
ealom had been told ho had no right to
talk In the general convention of, the
npontles because lie was "only a mlMlon
ary"? the speaker asked.
Th» Her. Dr. WlnchenUr of Mlniourl argued
earnestly for the right! of the mlsiionarlM to
re presentation In the convention, saying that
th*y constituted a large part or tha clerical
r«?pres«nt*tlon of .the churrb. It was nothing
but an act of Justice that the? should be given
representation In this body, he said.
The Rev. Dr. Davenport called attention
to the words of the constitution of one
hundred years ago and thought the mis
sionary districts had a perfect right to
representation In t&e General Convention.
JOeputy Lightner of Minnesota opposed
«•>« amendment He said it had always
llsen voted down when, brought up. He
Aid not think that the canons and con-
Dr. MeCcnnell of Long Island opposed
the amendment for the reason that the
missionary districts were not really part
of the convention. The church and the
convention vrere entirely different. The
missionary districts were part of the
church, while the convention only recog
nized dioceses of which It was composed.
On the recommendation of th« commlt-
the house concurred -with the lilih
cpa In ita aessajre No. 40, relative to the
amendment of article T, section 2, of the
•constitution, substituting the word "or"
Xor "and" at the end of the second line
and striking out the words "arising there^
from" In the third line. The house con
curred la adopting the amendment?
' The committee recommenucd, and the
bouse voted with them, the adoption of
the amendment to article II, section 1, of
the constitution passed by the Bishops, in
volving the right of a missionary Bishop
to become a diocesan when his district <s
changed Into a diocese.
THE 2USSIOITABY DISTRICTS.,
The house then considered the report of
the committee on amendments to the con
stitution. The first report was on the
. tmeniment to eive deputies from mls
-^Uionary districts the right to vote In the
General Convention, except the right to
vote by orders. The committee recom
mended the adoption of the report.
Ex-Governor Prince of New Mexico
made an earnest plea for the adoption of
•the amendment. He urged that many
missionary districts were larger and
EtroEgrer than dioceses and therefore
ehould have full representation In the
convention.
The I?ev. Dr. Huntincton from the com
jnittee on amendment* of the constitu
tion reported on various matters as fol
lows: Adversely to the amendment to
article' YJII proposr-d by Rev. Dr. Hlek
xaan of Colorado, relative to striking from
the Declaration th» Ti-ord« "Froteetant
JSpiscopal"; to the resolution of Mr. Mai
•Jory of Milwaukee, relative to the pro
posed addition to article XII defining the.
lime -when article* of the constitution
'shall take effect, and to the letter of Mr.
• Tan IJokkftlen of California, relative to
the amendment of article X. The report
-tens adopted.
Episcopal church Rev. Dtb. Carey of Al
bany, Bodice of Pennsylvania and Sey
mour of Connecticut.
Vote of Thanks js Tendered to
; Bishop of California.
PRELATES PLEASED
WITH RECEPTION
The San Francisco Call.BISHOP
ROWE ON
ALASKA
Tells of the People
and Scenes in
the North.
Bishop Rowe of Alaska delivered en
Interesting address last night at th»
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samaritan
on the scenery and people of the land oi
the far north. He told of the immense
mineral deposits which have been dis
covered and gave an entertaining descrip
tion of the miners' arrival in Alaska. The
mission was packed to its greatest capac
ity and In the audience- were many dis
tinguished clergymen.
McKlnley Memorial Prmd.
The following additional subscriptions to
the McKlnley memorial /fund were reoort
ed yesterday:
Previously reported. $20,823 87: Union Iron
"Works. J250; James Stanton. $30; Padflo Trans
fer Company. $20; United Carriage Company
$20; pupils of Jamea Lick School. $13 85*
pupils of Peabody School, $7 85; pupila of Je'
ferson School, $6 80; pupils of Noe Valley
School, $5 35; cash (left at San Francisco Sav
ings Union). $3; Felix and Haidee Seldeman
Paso Robles. $1; La Estrella Parlor No 89 N*
D. G. W., HO: Ivan R. Meyerhole, 25 cents'-
S. G. Knerr, Linden. Mich.. $2; two Sacramento
boys. $1; S. J. Grimes. $1; Mahoney BroiTiSs-
Joseph Hurley. Veterans' Home. $1; erariiovea
California Cotton Mills. $78 45; employes Cali
fornia Flax Mills. $16 85; James RutherforfL$3-
Isy Rutherford. $1; Margraret Rutherford? tt|
Mary A. Millar. $1; J. R. Millar. 25 centa; Tcati
Lumsden. 50 cents; Clara Snow. 10 eentx Total
to date. J21.348 83.
DELEGATIONS FROM MISSIONARY DISTRICTS ARE ACCORDED
THE RIGHT TO VOTE IN THE EPISCOPAL GENERAL CONVENTION
THE PAN- FRAXC5SCO CALL/THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, I9j1.
SNAPSHOTS OF SCENES AT TRINITY CHURCH DURING A RECESS OF
THE EPISCOPAL CONVENTION, THE SESSIONS OF .WHICH ARE
BEING HELD IN THAT STATELY EDIFICE.
THE most important business
transacted by the House of
Deputies at its afternoon . ses
sion was the election of the Rev.
Cameron Mann of Missouri- as
-Missionary Bishop of North Da
kota. His election was held behind closed
doors and was a unanimous one. v
At its open session the house took up
mttters on its calendar and disposed of
them in quick order. A resolution offered
by the Rev. Dr. Tayler of Los Angeles,
having in view the closing up of three
Items on the calendar, created a long dls
cuEsion. The resolution called for the ap
pointment of a joint commission to inves
tigate the change of name of the church.
After a warm debate the resolution was
adopted. The commission will contain
members of both houses and its members
will report the result of their labors to
the next General Convention.
An effort was made to secure favorable
.action upon tha memorial sent In by the
diocese of Kansas, requesting that West
tern Kansas be set off as a missionary dis
trict. When the ' convention took an'ad
journment the subject was still under
consideration and it will be taken up this
'morning. • ..'. - r
When the House of Deputies convened in
the aiterr.oon it went' into executive session to
'rafs upon the nomination cf Rev. Cameron
.Mann nr Mipsou*-' to be missionary Bishop of
.North Dakota. His selection was unanimously
'ici..oit u a..a Lu*. ju.a.iin was \u25a0 elacted to \u25a0 the
vacant district. - . . • - \u25a0 \u25a0-
The committee on order of business, recora- J
'mended that after action on the amendments ;
.to the constitution and on amendments to
car.ons pending the house take up the calendar
and dispose of the matters thereon in the order
•in which thov stood. The house adopted the '
recommendation. • \u25a0'.,'\u25a0
FORMATION OF OT3W DIOCESES.
The Rev. Dr. Egar of New York introduced
a canon relative to the formation of new dlo-'
ceses. Upon motion by J. Pierpont Morgan,
a vote was taken by orders and dioceses and
It was adopted without a dissenting vote. It
is as follows:
•Section i. A new diocese may be formed
\u25a0with the consent of the General Convention
.and under such conditions as the General Con
x-entlon shall prescribe by general canon or
canons, (1) by the erection Into a diocese of
the whole or any part of one or more mis
sionary districts; (2) by the division of an
existing diocese; <3) by the junction of two or
more dioceses, or of parts of two or more dio
ceses, or (4) by the Junction of the whole or
part of a missionary district with a diocese or
with any part of one or more dioceses. The
proceedings shall originate in a convocation of
the clergy and laity of the missionary district
called by the Bishop for that purpose; or, with
the approval of the Bishop, in the convention of
the diocese to be divided; or (when It is pro
posed to form a new tiocese by the junction
of two or more dioceses or of parts of two or
rnoro dioceses) by mutual agreement of the
conventions of the dioceses concerned, with' the
approval of the Bishop or the ecclesiastical
authority of each diocese. In case the episco
pate of a diocese be vacant no proceedings to
ward its division Ehall be taken until the va
cancy be filled. During a vacancy in a mis
sionary district the consent of the presiding
Bishop must be had before proceedings to erect
it Into a diocese are taken. When It shall ap
pear to the satisfaction of the General Con
vention, by a certified copy of the proceed
ings and other documents and papers laid be
;fcre It, that all the conditions for the forma
tion of the new diocese have been complied
with and that it has acceded to the constitution
.and canon* of thu church such new diocese
shall thereupon be admitted to union with the
: General Convention.
. "Section 2. la case one diocese Ehall be di
vided into two or more dioceses the Bishop
• of the diocese divided may elect the one to
.which he will be attached, and he shall there
upon become the Bishop thereof; and the
Bishop coadjutor. If there be one, may elect
the one to which he will be attached, and (If
It be not the one elected by the -Bishop) he
ehall be the Bishop thereof.
1 "Section 3. In case a diocese shall be formed
out of parti of two or more dioceses each of
\u25a0the Bishops and Bishops coadjutor of- the sev
,eral dioceses out of which the' new diocese has
been formed shall be entitled, In order of
.seniority of consecration, to the choice be
tween his own diocese and the new diocese so
formed. In case the new diocese shall not be
so chosen it shall have the right to choose its
own Bishop.
• "Section L Whenever a new diocese is
.formed and erected out of aa existing diocese
.It shall be subject to the constitution and
canons ot the diocese out of which It wu
.termed, except as local circumstances may pre-
come and properly for all time. I therefore
am in favor of the appointment of such a com
mission." .
WITHDRAWS HIS MOTION.
Delegate \u25a0 Packard said that on reflection It
occurred to him that his motion to indefinite
ly postpone was not a courteous way to treat
a matter coming from the House of Bishops,
and he would therefore withdraw It and leave
it in shape for the vote to be taken on the
question of concurrence with the Bishops.
The Rev-. Dr. H. H. Oberle of New Jersey
said he thought the best way to settle the ques
tion was to refer it to the Joint commission
proposed by the Bishops and let that commls-
Flon report at the next General Convention. He
thought so much was -due to the decent respect
that was coming to the Bishops.
The Rev. Dr. Huntlngton of New York fol
lowed, saying: "I am unalterably opposed to a
change of the name of this church at the
present time. I believe that if a large, states
manlike and sympathetic ecclesiastical policy
be pursued by this church the time will come,
perhaps three generations hence, when the
church will have earned a new name. I do
not desire to see her wear it, sir, till she earns
It. At the same time, I purpose to vote to con
cur with the House of Bishops, not on\y from
a sense of courtesy to that house, whose re
quests, it appears to me, ought always to be
complied with by this house, when it can be
done conscientiously and without great objec
tion, but also out of courtesy to a considerable
number of the clergy in this church,, to the
lesser . proportional number of laity in the
church who earnestly desire to see the sub
ject investigated and exploited: - - ••
"The last great discussion of this subject was
in 1877 in the city of Boston. When we .meet
again, sir. we will reopen the subject and dis
cuss it, and. as I believe, it will be done with
the _ same- result. A quietus was given to the
subject for twenty-five years at Boston. I be
lieve that another quietus for twenty-five years
will be given it at Boston. At the same time,
I think fairness and courtesy toward the
House of Bishops and fairness . to those mem
bers of this house and the other members of
this church whom they represent, demands that
we concur with this request of the House o'f
Bishops.
"It is unnecessary for me to say, sir, that I
separate myself with deep regret from the
members of this house with whom I have been
in the habit of acting and who have been in
the habit of acting with me, and Join myself
to the company of those from whom my
schemes have received nothing but opposition;
but a sense of Justice and of courtesy com
pels me." \u25a0\u25a0•'. \u25a0 ., .
The Rev. Dr. Greer followed and said this
was not the time for this subject to be dis
cussed. He said further: "Let it come before
us openly and squarely and let us discuss It.
Let every man express his opinion and put
himself on record, but' I submit that this mes
sage from the House of Bishops is simply to
create a commission to consider and report it
at some other time. It is neither positive nor
negative."
HOUSE BECOMES ENTATTGLED.
- The Rev. Dr. Davenport followed and ar>>
gued in favor of the resolution.
: Mr. Lewis made a motion to have numbers
8 and 9 indefinitely postponed, but the motion
wasunheacd in the maze of points of order and
suggestions of tho delegates.
Dr. Parks asked what question was before tha
house and the chair Informed him that an ef
fort was being made to clear the docket.
• The resolution was temporarily sidetracked
and the house passed upon the various matters
on the calendar. '•.'»-• . \u25a0'\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0
In quick order the various Items were settled
The report from the committee on the prayer
book was adopted. The Rev. ! Dr. Tayler s rei
olutlon offered early in the session relative to
the prayer book was taken off the calendar by
consent. The following resolution, introduced
by the Rev. Dr. Ringwalt, was adopted: -.
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this con
vention that good citizenship is a fundamental
principle of religion. That the church, mind
ful of the growing tendency to unchecked.cor
ruption in the conduct of our municipal affairs
throughout- the United States, the indifference
to and covert countenance of immorality, gamb
ling and. vice, places herself. on. record as ask
ing her sons to take an active part at the
ballot box and elsewhere where occasion' per
mits, toward the' suppression qf these pernicious
Influences." • -\u25a0 \u25a0
The resolution of Dr. Tayler for the appoint
ment of a Joint commission on the change of
name of- the church was then taken up. Dr.
Parks of New York said:- . -. .
DR. PARKS SPEAKS IN PAVOK.
"I would be heartily grateful to Almighty
God if I thought we could call this the Holy
Catholic Church In , the United States. I be
lieve the time will come when you can. I be
lieve - you . can— not now., I wish to say .with
due respect as a deputy on the floor of this
house, I wholly object to having the courtesy
to the House of Bishops interfere with the ab
solute freedom of this house. I therefore do
not feel there is any courtesy that prevents
me from voting on any message from elsewhere.
"Now, 'I want to say why I would adviso
some of us who don't want to have the name of
th© church changed to vote for this motion.
The committee win not be census takers. They
will simply do this: They will be the means
whereby there will be persistent discussion of
this thing for three years. Now you say tha'.
that 13. lamentable. I concur with you, but
how far more lamentable would it be if there
was no discussion. It will bo a festering sore.
Therefore we had better open it and' let it
run — let It run. I would therefore advise those
who think It is a bad method to vote for It."
Rev.. Dr. Spauldlngr of Alabama urged the
reference of the matter to the proposed corn.
misslon, saying that this question was coming
up and had to be faced.
The Rev. Dr. Alsop of Long Island agreed
with Dr. Parks in protesting against the Idea
that their action wa3 to be coerced . in the
name of courtesy due to the House of Bishops;
this house was to act for Itself, regardless of
the judgment of the Bishops.
Deputy Buxton of North Carolina offered a
substitute to Inform the Bishops that the depu
ties decline to appoint their part of the pro
posed commission because it did not deem it
expedient to keep the subject alive. This was
ruled out of order, because the same result
would be had from a vote of non-concurrence.
The vote was taken by orders and dioceses
on the queption of non-concurrence with the
Bishops, and the house voted to concur by the
following vote:
. Ayes. Noes. Divided.-
Clerical 33 13 6
Lay 30 17 4
The memorial of the diocese of Kansas,
asking to have a portion of that State set off
as a missionary district was brought to the at
tention of the house by a deputy, who asked
to have it dropped from the calendar.
The Itev. Dr. Watkins of Kansas raised
strenuous objection to such action. He de
livered a strong speech in favor of the adop
tion of the majority report of the committee
on new dioceses. In part he said:
"We are not cutting off a desert to burden
the church, but ask for the Episcopal super
vision because the church haa grown. We
have 500,000 of people and a great many are
ready to ! receive the administration of the
church. The Bishop of Kansas has offered to
give Western Kansas J3200 out of the amount
apportioned to him. All we ask for Is |14C0
more and Episcopal supervision. This is not
a cry of distress, but a request for something
that should be given us."
The Hev. Dr. Crawford followed and In part
said: - \u25a0
"As a general missionary of Western Kan
sas I feel it my duty to speak Just a mo
ment on this subject. I would like to say that
we of Western Kansas realize the necessity of
more active work being done there. Wo have
petitioned- this convention to give us the de
sired help and wa.have thought that nothing
would help us so much as the supervision of a
missionary Bishop. You heard/ the night be
fore last, I think It was, of the opportunities
that were lost to us or lost to our church in
Cuba. And I can indorse what was said by tho
good Bishop of Pennsylvania in regard to the
opportunities lost to the church in Cuba, as I
was there and heard Dr. Nelson speak almost
with tears of tho opportunities we let slip In
the Island of Cuba. And I feel if we do not do
something for the church in Western Kansas
we will regret it, as we are letting opportuni
ties slip there. If you give us a Bishop for
Western Kansas It won't be very many years
before we will give youback a diocese."
The majority and minority reports were) then
read by the secretary. The Rev. Dr. Greer
arose to a point of order. . He submitted that
under the constitution the matter was in the
hands of the House of Bishops. The chair did
not hold this opinion and the debate continued..
Mr. Randall of. Maryland, a member of the
committee on nnw dlocrses.- followed, and spoke
in favor of aiding Kansas.
\u25a0 Dr. Alsop. chairman of the committee, arose
to a qupstlon of privilege and charged that
Mr. Randall -had not given a fair statement of
the case. , - - "•\u25a0
.The Rev. Dr. Nolan closed further discussion
by moving that the house take un further con
sideration of the fubject this mornlnsf. Before
an adjournment, was takPn a number of mes
sages from the House of Bishops, were read.
The first, one informed the deputies that \u25a0 the
Honso of Bishops had adopted a canon to dls-
Hnllne ministers who abandon their churches.
The next mespacre . asked for a committee on
conference to discuss section 3, article 1 of the
constitution. Tlie committpe will consist of
the Bishops of Albany and Vermont, the Rev.
Dr. Edgar, the Rev. Dr. Roberts and .Judge
Stlness. • '. : \u25a0 : \u25a0-. . \u25a0•
Another mersa^e Informed the dsDUties that
the Bishops -had not concurred .: In - certain
••Why not consider the subject. If the
church is adverse to it it will do no harm.
We at any rate will have dealt fairly with it
and shown that we have examined the ques
tion and not treated It as a town meeting sub
ject. Is any one afraid of It? This, matter
began long ago. The diocese of Rhode Island
changed its name as Icng ago as 1846. 9 It is
not a new subject. There have been dif
ferences about the name. Some wise com
mission may 'find a- way by which thjH question
may be settled properly for many years to
"Kesol%-ed, That this house concurs with
the House of Bishops on Its message No. 24,
asking lor the appointment of a Joint commit
tee en the change of name of the church, and
all memorials and resolutions on the proposed
change of name be referred to the committee
when appointed." \u25a0 •
Delegate Lewis of Pennsylvania • said this
question had come before and been discussed
by every convention since that of 1886 in Chi-,
cago and nothing new remained to be said
on it. The house was prepared to vote on it
and it was useless to keep up the agitation,
which was unsettling the church. The change
of name would not be made and the matter
should be put at rest now and for all time
Instead of belnk kept alive as a disturbing
question.
The Rev. Dr. Hodges of Maryland spoke in
favor of the resolution. Mr. Packard followed
and said he heartily concurred with Mr.
Lewis. "The motion which we are invited to
affirm," he eaid, "Is a motion, as I understand
from the message that was sent us, to ascer
tain the sentiments of this church on this sub
ject. Now. sir. In addition to the objections
urged, I wish to bring this suggestion before
the convention and that is, that this body of
men here assembled Is sent here for the very
purpose of representine the opinion of the
church. Three years hence it will contain a
similar body of men sen* to represent the
church. Now how can five Bishops, five pres
byters and five laymen get at the opinion
the church?" - . .. w .
An objection was raised at this juncture
that, the speaker was opening up. a discussion
or the subject. Whereupon Mr. Packard made'
a motion to indefinitely postpone Nos. 8 and
9 on the calendar and also the resolution of
fered by Dr. Tayler. \
Chairman Lindsay ruled that the house could
discuss the subject. . Mr. Packard continued
and said the third objection he had to the
passage of the resolution was that It would
bring party feeling Into the church. «»
Delegate Morehouse pleaded for the con
sideration in a dignified way for three years
more . of the question, which he said ante
dated the Chicago convention, and would In
any event come before the next convention and
continue to come before . conventions of the
church and be agitated until the proposed
change . of named was s adopted.
> Judge. Stincss followed and spoke In favor of
the resolution. In part he said: . .
vent, until the same be altered in accordance
with such constitution and canons by the con
vention of the new diocese. "Whenever a dio
cese is formed out of two or more existing:
dioceses It shall be subject to the constitution
and canons of that one of the said existing dio
ceses to -which the greater number of clergy
men ehall have belonged prior to the erection of
such new diocese, except as local circumstances
may prevent, until the same be altered in ac
cordance with such constitution and canons by
the convention of the new diocese.
"Section 5. A diocese formed out of a mis
sionary district shall be subject to the consti
tution and canons to which such missionary
district was subject, until the same be al
tered in accordance with such constitution and
canons by the convention of the new diocese.
"Section 6. No new diocese shall be formed
which shall contain fewer than six self-sup
porting parishes or fewer than six presbyters
who have been for at least one year canonically
resident within the bounds of such new dio
cese, regularly settled In a- parish or congre
gation and qualified to vote for a Bishop. Nor
shall such new diocese be formed if thereby
any existins diocese shall be so reduced as to
contain fewer than twelve self-supportingr par
ishes and twelve presbyters who have been re
siding therein and settled and qualified as
above provided."
The Hev. Dr. Haupt of Minnesota asked nnd
obtained, unanimous consent to the Introduc
tion of a resolution, which was adopted, ex
cepting from the operation of the amend
ment adopted at the morning session raising
lhe age at which candidates are eligible for
fieaconeps' orders from 25 to 30; those women
y.-ho have already become candidates for the
order under the terms of the old canon.
Upon- motion of the Hev. Dr. Greer item
No. . i ' on the calendar, relative to marriage
and • dlvrrce, was dropped as the convention
had acted upon the matter.
REV. DR. TATTLER'S RESOLUTION
.": The. Rev. Dr. Tdyler of Los Angeles intro
duced.the following resolution In the Inter
est of \u25a0 expediting the work of the conven
tion: • . • • • -
Instructed to Investigate the Matter- and Report at the Next Triennial
Session, Which Meets in Boston in 1004.
JOINT COMMISSION TO BE APPOINTED
TO DECIDE UPON A CHANGE OF NAME
The following officers were elected for
the Congregation Shaari Zedek' at the an
nual meeting held yesterday: , M. H.
Llchtensteln, president; Jacob Kahn. vice
president; Samuel Polaek, secretary: Solo
mon Levy, treasurer; I. -Friedman, B.
Kaskell, 8. M. Conn, I. Conn and I.
Harris, trustees. Rev. A. B. J. Brown
was re-elected cantor and reader and H..
Rothman as shamas and collector.
a .m..m..t..t..?,m-t..i.4.^;.>i..t..t..t..m,t.4. A
Officers for Shaari Zsdek.
\u25a0 John I* Thompson, a delegate to the
Episcopal Convention from Troy, N. T.,
died last evening at the Palace Hotel
from bronchitis. The deceased caught
cold while paying a visit to the Paji-
Amerlcan Exposition in a rain. Arriving
here on October 2', he felt well enough to
attend the opening day of the conven
tion. He then became much worse and
has been confined to his bed ever- since.
Deceased was 70 years of "age and was
senior warden of St. Paul's Episcopal
Church of Troy, N. Y. He was a member
of the firm of John L. Thompson, Son3 &
Co., wholesale druggists. • His body will
be taken to his home this . evening in a
special car, accompanied by his son,
Hobart W 1 . Thompson, who came from
the East on hearing of his father's dan
gerous illness. Dr.- Enos, rector of St.
Paul's Church, 'will also go home on the
same car..
John L. Thompson of Troy, M\ Y.,
\ s Falls a Victim to Bron
chitis.
EPISCOPAL DELEGATE
IS CALLED BY DEATH
clauses of article 10 of the constitution, i These
clauses were Introduced by the Rev. Dr. Hunt
lngton a few days ago and were adopted by
the House of Deputies. Upon motion of Dr.
Grosvenor of New York the chairman was
empowered to appoint a committee to confer
with a like committee from the . House of
Bishops. . '
ria, last evening at the Bethel
A. M. E. Church. The sacred edifice was
crowded to its fullest capacity. The con
gregation listened with deep interest to
the addresses of the distinguished- prel
ates.
Professor E. A. Griffith in behalf of the
Protestant Episcopal church introduced
the speakers. He highly commended them
for the able work they have accomplished
in the missionary field and besought God
to bless the work of the Episcopal con
vention.
Bishop Holly in his remarks dwelt upon
CORDIAL, reception was ten-
Adered the Right Rev. James
Theodore Holly, D. D., Bishop
of Haiti, and the Right Rev.
Samuel David Ferguson, D. D.,
Bishop of Cape Palmas, Libe-
Eishop Ferguson- Interestingly described
the conditions existing in Liberia, and de
clared that what the colored people most
needed there is an Industrial school In
which they might be taught how to nae
the plow and harrow.
In conclusion, he told of the devoted la
bors which the missionaries of the island
of Haiti were making for the conversion
of the natives.
the history of the "West Indies. He de
scribed the heroic struggle which the peo
ple of San Domingo made to secure their
independence from France.. He told how
the black legion of San Domingo fought
In the American revolution, especially at
the siege of Savannah. He said that
these heroes, thrilled by the spirit of the
colonists,, returned to their Islands and
started a revolution. He told how from
1790 to 1804 they struggled valiantly
against the 30,000 men which France sent
against them and that In the latter year
their efforts were crowned with success.
Two Prelates Deliver Addresses in
Bethel Church.
LABOR OF BISHOPS
IN THE OLD WORLD
2
,To, Cure a .Cold in One Day
Take Laxative \u25a0 Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
B. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c •
jg^^jJI^/ J ) Now Is the Time to ®
ir v^k."^ MW i ' rh t col<J aay8 and eights of winter fifl
/,// >»^sb**" I are here and now la the time to set lu
(la ' T YOUT fw garments so you'll have full M
Ull ijd^f^TOS^&vSWSjb U us *.°*-them throughout the season. |J\
p/ Pl^^f^-^^WIl J We , are , sh °wins more styles, in |\
Vii WSw^SV'^Wa V £ rcater variety, at lower prices, than IvJ
Ml /^$2®^ZT&y£ffM& V\ £? y , other^ *"*" fco^Q In - the United fcll
III / W^^*s2J&^^^ I States. Every garment bears our fill
M\J •/ J&g$l£b^*J3&?i(& Vi name > a guarantee of quality, an as- fl'I
!\B , / A^ffiWtm0$W S I 8Urance w oi the best: Chir trada ex- W| ,
\t\/ jf^X-^ffi'ffl^SSig^ *h throughout the world. 1:1
lA\/( J &\ \ v^ 4St' -eK/^*^ A ELECTRIC? SEAL COrjiAraTTTES— As 111'
Bi4>\ \ \ Q. jffltl Mnk 1\» pir lllu stration— astrakan yoke, short •111
\\\\\ \ \ Y'Mm I"ffl US taba U| J \u25a0** tails. A very fashionable I, J
WVn N/ 5^\*"^^lsrP '15i%\ Tl ?arin€nt3 - Special to-day 90.00 each 111
\§\ \ \^*^^"iHWiJfl\ SiV ELECTRIC SEAIj COliARETTES— With ill
\*3v V. f i S K\ I K \ S(& river mink yoke. Just the thlncr for nml- |//1
' ' I ini Pr\ " a« °° ld weatner - Special to-day. $5 OO each ' |M
fo/^ VJ *S&*»iN« Vlfi P*iii\*i < \ £ai \u25a0 Asl£ *<> Be * oaT $\u2666 50 electrlo seal collar- III
. /3H& XSg^Jj W A<^ >S/ ette— a remarkable value. Ul
Wr* :S>^ OUR GREAT $30 JACKET OTTKTt^-ot Hi
U \u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0iiT^iiiib*"- electrlo seal; S3 Inches Ions. Nothing of nil
I - ; the quality, style or appearance haa ever Ull
Hi \u25a0'-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• been offered at the price. Cat in the Terr 131
|« newest style, elegantly lined with heavy satin, and by far tho bast moderately VI
III priced fur Jacket we've ever made ••••••..»-\u2666•»..«........ ...,$3O — ?h Ml
II Fur Neck Scarfs ana all tho craze In London Ul
11 and New York. We are showing a hundred kinds. W|
-\u25a0]! The. new fashion book la ready— free. Send us your name. Sixty v*Ktn Ulna. \u25a0 Ml
1/ tmtinar p.nd describing the finest line of moderately priced far rarmenti in th«
W, United States, gend u« the names of your f rlendi ' " ™ *** 1 J
If 1»-1>?- 137 P©>t St M Sauvl^mbco |
$ The l&r$gst exclusive fur* house In tKe world* jftthroughout the jurisdiction is contem
plated. \u25a0- ' . -
Grand Encampment Elects C. H. Wever to
the Office of Grand Patriarch.
ODD FELLOWS TO MEET
IN SONORA NEXT YEAR
new division freight and
passenger agent at san
jose: "
"Has Beens" .of Sacramento on the dia
mond. The Sacramento Club has a mem
bership .of eighteen. The railroad men
will play two games Sunday,- meeting one
nine in the morning and the other in the
afternoon. _
NEW GRAND PATRIARCH OF
THE ODD FELLOWS' GRAND
ENCAMPMENT.
/
Falling 1 Coal Kills Four Men.
. SCRANTON,"Pa.lOct. 16.-A fall of roof
coal caused th<3 death of four men In the
Klondike mine of the Delaware and Hud
eon Company at Archibald this afternoon.
They were Patrick Nealon,- assistant mine
foreman; John Healey, miner; John Kear
ney, miner, and Matthew Drugher, driver.
I SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— The Modern Wood
men- of -America gavo a picnic, at Alum
Rock to-day In honor of Head Counsel
Northcott and party. To-night there was
a public, reception and "entertainment in
the Unitarian \u25a0-' church, v at which 1 Mr.
Northcott, who is Lieutenant Governor of
Illinois, delivered an address. To-morrow
the guests will be taken to Mount Ham
ilton. In the party of visitors are Major
Hawes, head clerk of. the Woodmen, and
State Senator Dresser of Illinois.
TTorthcott at a Picnic.
Ship Sails for the Antarctic.
GOTHENBURG. Sweden, Oct. 16.—Pro
fessor Otto Nordcnskjold's soufh pole ves
sel Antarctic sailed to-day. All the mem
bers of the expedition were on board with
the exception of Lieutenant Duse, -who
-will Join the vessel; at Falmouth. -The
Antarctic was warmly cheered by thou
sands of people who assembled to bid her
farewell.
Says He Robbed, the Bank.
ALTOONA, Pa., Oct. 16.— David ) L..
Wolfe. 31 years of age, bookkeeper for the
First National Bank of Tyrone, Pa.. s has
confessed to the embezzlement of $12 000
of the bank's funds.
The Delegates to Have a Cheap Los
Angeles Excursion.
The Southern Pacific announces that on
Monday next it will sell tickets from this
city, to Los Angeles and return for a
single fare,- $15, giving purchasers the
privilege -of stop-over on the going trip
and until the 31st for- return. "While this
is -In fact an open event which any one
may avail himself of. it is really one of
the Incidents of the Episcopal convention
The company desires the delegates and
their friends to see the southertj portion
of the State, and offers this chance un
der., very reasonable conditions. Tickets
will be good by either the coast line or
valley route.
Lumber-Mill Destroyed.
NEW WHATCOM, Oct. 16.— The lumber
and shingrle ; mill of . the Morrison- Mill
Company at Ferndale, this county, to
gether with its box factory, one dryhouse
and the adjoining yards filled with lum
ber, was destroyed by fire last night. The
loss is $40,000; insurance $9000.
Ranch Employe's Suicide.
PETALUMA,. Oct. 16.— George Taylor,
an employe on th'e , Hinshaw ranch at
Bloomfield,. to-day committed suicide by
cutting his throat with a razor. He had
been . ill. : Taylor was 55 years old. He
was a member of the Salinas Lodge of
Odd Fellows.
Cashes a Worthless Check.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 16.— Manager R. V.
Halton of the Hotel Rafael is looking- for
C. E. Atwood, who a' few weeks ago -was
one of his guests. Halton accepted a $50
check from Atwood in payment for board.
A Cincinnati bank returned it marked
"worthless." Halton consulted the Dis
trict Attorney to-day and a/complalnt has
been drawn against Atwood.
AjGUINALDO PREFERS ' JAIL.
Insurgent leader Objects to the En
deavors of Manila Lawyer.
MANILA, Oct. 16.— The Senators and
Representatives - who have been visiting
the Philippine Islands- left to-day for
home 'on board the United States trans
port Sherman. Before leaving the mem
bers of the party had an interview with
<Aguinaldo, who, however, was reticent.
He said the original outbreak'of hostilities
was a surprise to him, and that his ef
forts to maintain the truce were unavail
ing. ' '\u25a0'••'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Agulhaldo has written to a lawyer who
is trying to obtain a writ of habeas corpus
in his behalf, objecting to the course
taken by the lawyer, saying that he pre
ferred to remain a prisoner while' there
was a compatriot languishing in jail "suf
fering for. the Filipino cause and an in
finity of Filipinos are deprived of the lib
erty which they are anxious to obtain."
The civil ., and military authorities are
having Sixto Lopez closely watched * at
Hongkong, . as they consider his arrival
there to be a source of danger. The. Phil
ippine Commission has passed an act pro
hibiting any suspect from landing unless
he takes the oath of allegiance, the pen
alty for breaking it being two years' im
prisonment for perjury. ; •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Oct. 16.-M. W. . Orton, an
insurance man of Ritzville, was riding a
wheel along a country road near the town
of Cheney this morning. Behind him
came a lumber -wagon containing . four
men, who were driving their horses
rapidly. Orton was run down and his
head was crushed to a Jelly. On, went
the lumber wagon, the occupants Clever
stopping to see how badly their victim
was hurt. \u25a0 Orton's death was instan
taneous. . .
The four men were captured later.
They are John Bilefield, his son. John;
Frank Spentz and Harry LIchtworth.
They had besn hunting. They 'say that
their team became unmanageable and
that Orton swerved from one side of the
road to the other before the- team ran
him down. Otners say Uie hunters were
intoxicated. •
BileHeld senior engaged in an alterca
tion with a farmer named Fisher a few
years ago near Spokane and exchanged
shots. As a result Fisher lost his eye
sight. .H>! is now a county charge. Bile
field w:xs acquitted.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— All litigation
with regard to the vrill of Jacob S. Rogers
has been settled. In commenting on this
Bcbert de Forest, counsel for the Metro
politan Museum of Art. said:
The effect of thl3 settlement will be to put
the museum in a short time in possession of
Rogers' residuary estate, tho value of which
Is more than $5,000,000, and to enable it. to
promptly carry out his benevolent intentions,
the execution of which might otherwise have
been delayed for several years by protracted
litigation.
The amount paid in settlement was $250,000,
about 5 per cent of the amount Involved and
not much more .than a year's normal Income
on this amount ot property. While further
litigation over his will was quite possible the
chief subject of settlement was the claim made
against hi3 estate that by making the, museum
his residuary legatee he has violated an agree
ment alleged to have been made between him
self and his deceased brothers, whose surviving
children are his next of kin, whereby these
brothers, in default of issue, were to make
mutual wills and were to leave their property
to the others or to their issues.' There is eonrj
reason to believe that an agreement of this
general character once existed, though it is
certain that if it existed Rogers did not sup
pose It to be operative at the time he made his
will in favor of the museum. That such an
agreement might have been made at some time
respecting the family interests in the Rogers
Locomotive Works at Paterson would not have
been unlikely.
In any case the amount paid is unquestion
ably less than the expense and loss Incident to
protracted litigation, however successful, and
even 11 family claims have by this settlement
been recognized to a greater extent than under
the will (his legacies to the members ol his
family agrgregated |25O,OOO and by this settle
ment these legacies are practically doubled) the
amount of Rogers' public bequests is unques
tionably Increased and the tims within which
the public can benefit by his bequests is ma
terially shortened. , . •
Intoxicated Men Reck
lessly Ride Down a
v Wheelman.
A Compromise Prevents
Litigation in East
ern Courts.
LEAVE VICTIM
DEAD ON ROAD
Ececial Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 16.— Frank HufC
aker came into contact with a live wire
in Rosedale this morning, received fully
1000 volts of electricity and is alive. Huff
aker was assisting: in moving a house.'
He went upon the roof to raise the tele
phone, wires out of the way. The electric
line carrying the current to many pump
ing stations .was just above and Huff
aker came In contact with it. , The
shock was tremendous and he dropped
like one dead, falling- through the chim
ney hole to the ground, a distance of
twenty feet. When assistance reached
him he was unconscious. Dr. Carson was
sent for and later the injured man re
vived and was brought into town, little
the ' worse for his experience* That he
was not instantly killed is due undoubted
ly to the fact that the house was moving
at the time and he was in contact with
the wire for but an instant. •
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— Peter M. Van
Akcn, proprietor of a grocery store on
Wesley avenue and one of the best known
residents of the university district, was
ii.stantly killed to-day by coming into
contact with a live electric wire in his
stable.
Workman Is Knocked
"From a Roof but Is
Not Hurt.
Tuttle Succeeds Lambert.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 16.— Official circu
lars have been issued from Santa Fe local
headquarters announcing the
ment cf R. F. Tuttle as trainmaster of
the system at Fresno, vice I. Lambert,
resigned.
McElfresh won by a handsome majority.
O. S. Cooper of Vallejo was elected high
vice chief ranger; N. H. Perry of Los An
geles, high secretary; W. C. Reavis of
Los Angeles, high treasurer; J. L. Siefkes
of San Francisco, high physician; O. B.
Parkinson of Stockton, high Counselor;
J. C. Jamison of Oakland and C. L. Wylde
of Los Angeles, high auditors.
During the morning hour the high court
degree was conferred on five candidates.
Eighteen candidates for initiation were
introduced.
The committee on constitution and by
laws reported to the effect that women
be not received in the Htffh Court; also
that the representation from subordinate
courts to the High Court be reduced.
After a heated discussion the report was
rejected.
Mrs. Stanford Returning.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 16.—
Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stanford is expected
to arrive on the campus on Friday, after
having spent several months in travel
abroad and in New York, where she- has
been for the past month. It is believed
that Mrs. Stanford will institute many
changes and improvements around the
campus. The problem of reopening the
university inn probably will be dealt with
first, as it is one of great importance,
students now being compelled either to go
to Palo Alto for their meals or to eat in
the Chinese restaurant-
Struck by a Locomotive.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 16.— Mrs. Hunter of
Fullerton,. mother of Roadmaster J. J.
Hunter of the Santa Fe, was seriously
and probably fatally iniured while at
tempting to drive across the Santa Fe
tracks in front of a moving train at Ana
heim last evening. Mrs. Hunter, being
quite deaf, failed to hear the approaching
train. The engine struck the buggy, de
molishing 1 it and throviring Mrs. Hunter
some distance, rendering her unconscious
and breaking her left leg and two ribs.
She is 70 years of age and her recovery is
doubtful. * \u25a0
Fire on Steamer Pleiades.
SEATTLE, Oct. 16.— The steamer Plei
ades, owned by the Boston Tugboat Com
pany and under charter to the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, took fire this
afternoon while lying at the coal bunkers
at the foot of Kings street. The bedding
in the crew's quarters became iernited
through the dropping of a bui-ning match.
The names quickly spread'and it took the
fire department some time to extinguish
the blaze. The Pleiades arrived from San
Francisco Monday. She was loading coal
and general merchandise for, the south.
Late Season in. the Yosemite.
YOSEMITE, Oct. 16.— After a long hot
spell and 'a lull in travel the Yosemite
has opened up a second season. -WThe re
cent rains have enlarged the falls and
laid the dust. The autumn tints are all
aglow and the valley has never been in
better condition than it is at the present
time. The Wawona stage line, the only
route now open into the valley, Is bring
ing in thirty passengers a day. The road,
has been restocked and the hotel practi
cally reopened to accommodate the de
f*ands of travel.
X. J. Parks.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 16.— A telegram
received at the Southern Pacific office
ar.ncur.ces that I. J. Parks, general pas
senger agent of that road, with head
quarters in Houston, Texas, died to-day
at Liberty, N. y.
Ne-w Shipyard for Everett.
TACOMA, Oct. 16.— A deal was closed
last evening between C. A.. Harp of Stock
ton, Call, and th£ Mitchell Land Company,
by which Everett has acquired another
shipyard. For several months negotiations
have been pending between Harp and the
Everett Chamber of Commerce over a site
on the banks of the Snohomish River.
The purchase consists of six lots near the
mill of the Thomas Robinson Lumber
Company. Here, within the next few
months, will be erected a well appointed
shipyard, having facilities for building
mammoth dredeers, which the new com
pany expects to make its chief industry,
though steam and sailing craft also will
be built.
FRESNO, Oct. 16.— The forty-sev
enth session of the Grand En
campment. Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, this afternoon se
lected Sonora as its place of
meeting in 1902.
Officers for the. ensuing year were
chosen as follows: Grand patriarch, C.
H. "Wever: grand high priest, A. C. Bates;
grand senior warden, John A. . Foster;
grand scribe, William H. Barnes (re
elected); grand treasurer, Charles E.
Benedict; grand representative, R. D.
Gummoe; grand trustees, F. A. Week, H.
F. Wulff and Eugene Flanders.
The ballot for grand junior warden_re-
Bulted as follows: Stanley S. Smith, 38;
W. H. • Woodbridge. 63; Frank W. Smith.
29; Fred E. Pierce, 18; George Jessen, 17;
necessary to a choice, S3. There being no
election, a second ballot' was ordered,
pending which four candidates withdrew
in favor of "W. H. Woodbridge of Stock
ton, who was thereupon elected by ac
clamation.
On the third ballot to select a meeting
place for 1902, Sonora received 95 votes
ajid Paso Robles 82; necessary to a choice,
90. Bakersfleld withdrew from the con
test after the second ballot. Eureka and
Modesto were contestants during the first
ballot and received only Blight encourage
ment, announcing their withdrawal at its
close.
Occidental Encampment of Sacramento
to-night exemplified the Royal Purple de
gree in Armory Hall, a small class, among
whom was Mayor Stephens of . Fresno,
receiving the degree. A uniform ritual
MUSEUM GETS
ROGERS' WEALTH
BAHKEB JAMES TtATMKIN"
OF TYTARTlJNi^Z IS DEAD
Ponaer ExeriiT of Contra Costa Suc
cumbs to the Effects of an
Operation.
MARTINEZ. Oct. 16.— Fiacs floated at
half mast from every flagpole in Jtarti
nez to-day in respect to the memory of
the late James Rankin, whose remains ar
rived here this morning from San Fran
cisco.
James Rankin, president of the Bank
of Martinez ana one of Contra Costa
County's foremest citizens, filed in the
Lane Hospital, San Francisco, yesterday
afternoon after an operation for appendi
citis.
Mr. Rankin was born In Lanarkshire,
Scotland, on April 25, 1848.. He was twice
elected Sheriff of this county. Mr. Ran
kln is survived by a widow and eight
children.
The funeral will take place from his old
residence' ct 2 o'clock to-morrow after
noon.
CHILD-HERO RESCUES
DROWNING BROTHER
Little Fred Gordon Drags Another
Lad From tne Bay Off
Sausalito.
SAN RAFAEL., Oct. 16.— Owing to the
prompt work of his little brother, Fred,
12-year-old John Gordon was saved from
death in the bay off Sausalito this morn
ing, where the children had been swim
ming. Accompanied by several other
youngsters the two boys ventured out a
considerable distance from shore. John
was seized by a cramp, and quickly sank.
No help was at hand and the little fellow
went down twice. He was about to sink
for the third time when his brother Fred
iSeized him by the hair. The drowning
boy struggled and fought,- but the brother
never loosened his grip until he had
dragged him to safety,' a/ distance of
more than seventy yards. By this time a
number of persons had collected and will
ing hands soon restored the little fellow
to consciousness.
\u25a0 Fred was the hero of the hour and was
modest for a boy who had just saved an
elder brother's life. Both children live in
San Francisco.
WITH- the r appointment of G.-
A. Parkyns as general assist^
ant freight' and \ passenger,
agent of the Southern Pacific!
| at Los Angeles, Thomas A. j
Graham, who has bsen stationed at Sanj
Jo'se for the past two years, has been pro-"
moted to the position of assistant general
freight agent in this city. Paul Shoup,
who has been with the Southern Pacific
Company for many . years and who has
been lately acting as. assistant 'to James
Horsburgh Jr., in the ! passenger depart
ment in this city, goes to San Jose to fill
the position of division freight and pas
senger agent. He will have jurisdiction
of the Coast division south of San
Francisco and Oakland and north of San
ta Barbara, with headquarters at San
Jose, vice Graham, promoted. This new
order of things goes into effect' next Fri
day.
Shoup Is very popular in railroad circles
and has a host of friends who will be
pleased to hear of his promotion. He was
at one time a newspaper man and since
his connection with the railroad business
has during his leasure time written sev
eral-short stories for Eastern magazines.
.The new rolling stock which was or
dered in tho East by President Hays sev
eral months', ago' is now r being delivered
to the Southern I Pacific Company. One
hundred and three locomotives were or
dered and they are now arriving in Cali
fornia at the rate of one a day. The com
pany expects to do an enormous business
this winter and the engines were badly
needed.
Avery C. Hilton, the recently appointed
traveling passenger agent of the Erie
Railroad, arrived here yesterday from the
East. He will make his headquarters at
330 Market street.
The railroad men of this city who
formed a baseball team and played sev
eral games this season will journey to
Sacramento Sunday, They will meet the
© ****^-I"I"I-I"!":"I"K-*-H-&*** ©
SURVIVES HEAVY
ELECTRIC SHOCK
Cssclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— The Board of Su
pervisors and the people of Santa Clara
County have been "gold-bricked" out of
$1000 in the publication of "Reminiscences
of Santa Clara Valley and Ban Joae,"
Just it sued. That sum. was paid to
Amaury il&rs for getting out what was
euppcsed to be a history of the county
and Its resources. Instead, the publisher
has devoted most of the book to por
traits of the French residents of San Jose,
countrymen cf Mars, and the few remain
ing pases are given up to ridiculing the
people of California. The volume is a
freak in the uee of language, and the
English, as well as the opinions expressed,
easily convinces one that the writer has
net been long in America-
Even th© Board of Supervisors feel they
have been bilked, and the 1000 copies sup
plied by. Mars are now nailed up tightly
in the board rooms, while the Supervisors
are considering whether to have them cir
culated or net.
liars intimates in his work that it is
the occasional custom of the men of San
Jose to act as dry nurses.
"The master of the home of California,"
etates the bock, "has managed to trans
fer himself into a rather peculiar house
keeper. He even constitutes himself a
dry nurse, who cannot readily be ex
celled."
After tbua describing the men the San
Jose women are thus held up to ridicule:
"We have actually Been women in San
Jose put on gloves for the purpose of
frying eggs, a beefsteak or a chop, and
Vuch proceeding is to say the least amus
ing."
These zre but samples of the way Cali
fornians are handled in "Reminiscences
of Santa Clara Valley and Srh Jose."
The author says it is necessary in writing
the history of the people of California to
"leave out much that would not look good
In print."
In- dealing with the doctors this doughty
Frenchman says: "They will make It a
duty to render you sufficiently ill to en
able them to see the color of your
money."
The press of San Jose is "relegated to
the god Dollar and Judge Pull," that
chapter reads, "but a well regulated sys
tem cf financiering sometimes renders it
amenable to reason."
A few pictures of the late carnival hold
in honor of President McKinley's visit
to 6an Jose are the only good featuro
cf the book.
As the work is supposed to be circulated
in both France and the United States, tho
people are wondering what the foreigners
\u25a0will think of California men as dry nurses
and the women who wear gloves at their
cooking.
Mr. ilars, however, has the $1000 that
he received for publishing this ridicule
and a.buse of the people.
Special Dispatch to The <&!1.
LONG BEACH, Oct. 16.— Joseph Owens
attempted to commit suicide last, night by
swailowing two ounces of carbolic acid.
Owens arrived here a week ago. Miss
Myrtle Baker of Corona is visiting the
Brewer family. Owens became enamored 1
of Miss Baker, who did not care to know
or associate with him. ' Last night Owens
went to th© Brewer home and annoyed
the inmates .by loud and offensive lan
guage, after which ho went to his room
and wrote Miss Baker a note, Baying he
had something important to see her about
and if she did not come he was going to
take $10 worth of carbolic acid and 10
cents' worth of magnesia. If she wanted"
to see him alive she must comeujQulckly.
The last sentence was repeated several
times. '. . .•-..* \u25a0
' In the meantime Owens had sent a boy
to the drug store to purchase two ounces
of carbolic acid. Miss 1 Baker was so
frightened by the epistle that she gave it
to Mr. Brewer, who immediately came
downtown. Accompanied by friends, ho
\u25a0went to the rooming-house, and found
Owens lying on the bed unconscious. The
vial of carbolic acid was empty. A doctor
was summoned and after several \u25a0 hours'
hard work succeeded in savingr Owens'
life. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 < " . - ,
This morning Miss Baker appeared be
fore Justice Hall and swore to a com-,
plaint charging Owens with disturbing
the peace. A constable and the City Mar
shal v/ent to Owens' room. They knocked
and were refused admittance. A threat
by the officers to break the door brought
the youth to his, senses.
When searched Owens had but 10 cents
on his person. He said he had plenty of
money last night, but threw it away.
Owens was taken before the Justice and
pleaded guilty to the complaint 'He was
fined $20, in default of which he was taken
to the County Jail. ;
Supposed Advertising Pam
phlet Ridicules Every
thing Californian.
Young Lady He Annoyed
Then Swears Out War
rant for His Arrest.
Love-Sick Youth Vainly
Attempts to End
His Life.
Santa Clara Supervisors
Are Bilked by Hired „.
Writer.
AUTHOR'S CHEAP
WIT ROUSES IRE
SEEKS ETERNITY;
LANDS IN PRISON
Paul Shoup Leaves for San Jose to Succeed
Thomas: A; Graham, Recently Promoted. :
ENERGETIC RAILROAD MEN
ADVANCE IN THE SERVICE
MILLION GOATS
FOR THE ISLANDS
Plan of Concessionaires
to Stock Guadaloupo
vji u up.
Company "With. Headquarters
in City of Mexico Back
of Project.
The company that has obtained control
of these islands will prohibit the further
illegal killing of the goats and will estab
lish at least a dozen families there to
take charge of the animals.
Carazo says he is well satisfied with the
result of his trip and will recommend to
his company that . the islands be stocked
with 1,000,000 Mexican goats. They will be
imported from the State of Guana Jlate,
but before the animals are taken to the
islands it will be necessary to develop
more. water. This can be done by opening
the springs, - of which there are ten or
more on the islands.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 16. — E. Carazo and
three other men who went to the Guada
loupe Islands three months ago In the
interests of a company with headquarters
In the City of Mexico, which has obtained
a 'concession to the islands for a term of
fifteen years, were passengers on the
schooner Frela, which arrived in port
yesterday from the islands. The Frela
brought 820 goat' skins which had been
left on the island by four hunters, who
had killed 2500 goats, but were unable to
take away all the hides on one trip with
their vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Oct. 16.—Candi
dates for the several State offices were
nominated by the Rhode Island Repub
lican State Convention to-day as follows:
For Governor, William Gregory; Lieu
tenant Governor, Charles Deari Kimball;
Secretary of State, Charles P. Ldnnett;
General Treasurer, Walter A. Read; At
torney General, Charles F. Stearns.
The platform pledges support to Presi
dent Roosevelt, condemns the attempts in
several States to disfranchise the negroes,
calls upon Congress to readjust represen
tation in the Electoral College upon the
basis of actual voting population and de
clares that "anarchy should be dealt with
by both State and Federal legislation" and
by passing laws providing adequate pun
ishment for an attempt on the life of the
President. Lynching 1b condemned as "a
foul blot on our civilization." The plat
form also advocates an Isthmian canal
and legislation to build up the American
merchant marine. . -
William Gregory Named for Gov
ernor and tha Platform Vigorous
ly Condemns Anarchists.
KEPTJBLICANS SELECT . \u25a0
HHODE 1ST. AND TICKEr
.LONDON, Oct. 16. — Th© long-standins
feud between the Durham and "Worcester
regiments of infantry culminated last
night in a serious affray at Aldershot,
when the Worcesters, with fixed bayonets
and ball cartridges, attacked the quarters
of the Durhams. Severe fighting follow
ed, during which many of the men were
injured. A Aiumber of the Durhams are
suffering from dangerous bayonet wounds.
Durhams and "Worcesters at Alder
shot Have Battle and Many
Soldiers Are Injured. \
ENGLISH REGIMENTS
FIGHT OTJT THETR FEUD
THE BAN FKA.ISTCISCO CAIiti, TECXTKSDiVY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
McELYRESR IS HE-ELECTED.
CHICO. Oct. 16.— The High Court, In
dependent Order of Foresters, this after
noon proceeded to the election of officers.
The only hard fight up to the hour of ad
journment was between G. . A. .McEKresh
of Los Angeles (Incumbent) cund O. S.
Cooper of Vallejo, for high', chief ranger.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why is it that the-firstborn child is so
often the healthiest of a family of chil-
dren? The reason seems to suggest it-
eelf. As child follows child the mother
iias less and less vitality ; often, not
enough for herself and none, therefore,
for her child.
Expectant mothers -who use Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription Cad that it /^^^^§^w
keeps then in vigor- f^p** 1^?*^
cis health. They eat\ §$M « 1* ]||
well, sioer) T7ell and KT"* //fi ( \u25a0C^Spsjl
are ret nervous. ''<fci®n\ fejfclif
When baby conies its Ng|g fppp'
advent is practically
painless, and the \\ \J$***
mother is made hap- /^k *a
py by the birth of a
healthy child. If you lfP|2r
wonld be a healthy iSJ3is
mother of healthy &^\
children nse n Favor- S 1 \ .
ite Prescription." « Bi 1
esy a fe-.v ivords for Dr. m t&j «
Pierce's Favorite Prescrip- S tea c*
tion," \rrites Mrs. P. S. » u$gt3
Douglas, of Mansonvilie, 6 >9|U
JJronie Co.. Quebec "Pur- I By KJ
ing: the first four months, . I j& tof^, i
•when I looted forward to \y IE& '
becoming a mother, I suf- sJ3*&k
fcred very much from uaa- /fef?^ B
sea asd vomiting, and I /^^^ /
felt bo terribly sick I cculd As**"""' f A
i scarcely eat or drinlz aay- _/5g'_2jP5Br/ f
! thine. I hated all kinds Wtf£g£Z<&
of food. At this time I^^TggJ*^
vrrote to Dr. Pierce, and lie tcld me to get hU
* Kcvorite Prescription * and a bottle of * Golden
Medical Discoi-ery.' I goir-a bottle of each, and
when I had taken them a few days, I felt much
better, and when I had taken hardly three parts
of C2ch bottle I felt well and could eat as well as
acy one, and could do my work tvithout any
trouble (I could not do anvthingr before). I feel
\u25a0very thankiul to Dr. Pierce for his iredicine,
ena I tell all who tell me they are sick, to get
these medicines, or write to Dr. Pierce."
Those who suffer from chronic dis-
eases are invited to consult Dr. Pierce,
by letter, free. All correspondence
strictly private. -Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure bil-
iousness and sick headache.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
fcr over a Quarter of a century.
You are welcome to come in and "just look
over the goods." Even'if you do not intend to
buy 'to-day, you Will to-morrow — having once
i seen our suitings for .made-to-measure clothing,
we know you will* not forget us' when you are
f 'riady to buy.
Our line of $iomade-to-order suits is com-
posed of better goods than you expect to get at
hat price.
Besides, you run no risk in ordering here.
When we make your clothes the responsibility
' fr fir, style and durability rests with us. That's
where.it shou.d rest, too. We guarantee satisfac-
ucn.o'r your monev back. A year's repairing is
thrown in ."free with the satisfaction.
| .To satisfy you is the oniy thing that will
pay us. . ,,. ,
•- Suits satisfactorily raadc to crder for out-of-town customers
through our sel:-measurin 3 system - write (or samples.
718 Market Street and
I Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.VIENNA, Oct. 16.— The Neue Freie
Presse to-day says that famine riot3
have broken out In the Government of
Saratof and that serious conflicts have
taken olace between, the Russian peas
ants and the troops. Many persons were
wounded during the flghtlng.-
Peasants Battle With Troops.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Balsarroch won the
Czarewitch stakes at Newmarket to-day.
The Kincaid bay colt Black Sand was
second and J. Dawson Jr.'s bay filly Ram
bling Katie third. Twenty-three horses
ran. The Czarewitch stakes Is a handi
cap of £25 each, with £500 added, for
three-year-olds and upward, the Czare
witch course, two miles, two furlongs and
thirty-five yards. Balsarroch, a bay colt
by Retreat or Martagon, out of Hasy, is
owned by J. H. Oldsworth.
The Americans, both owners and jock
>ys, had a most successful day. Kear
sarge, with Maher up, won a maiden two
year-old stake, distance five furlongs. "W.
C. "Whitney's Spectrum (J. Reiff) won tho
Select stakes, distance the Rowley mile.
Don Donald (C. Jenkins) won the Au
tumn handicap, distance the Rowley mile.
J. R. Keene's Chacornac (Maher) won the
Kennett plate, distance five furlongs. E.
Corrlgan's Lute (TJiorpe) was second and
Frank Gardner's Monsieur de l'Orme (C.
Jenkins) finished third— all the winning
horses and their jockeys in this race thus
being Americans.
BALSARROCH THE WINNER.
Bay Colt Captures the Czarewitch
Stakes at Newmarket Course.
SEATTLE, Oct. 16.— The steamer Dol
phin arrived In port this morning from
Lynn Cajial with news of an accident to
the steamer Cottage City on Monday
morning just before entering Charlotte
Sound on her downward trip. The Dol
phin brought down 211 passengers and
treasure amounting to nearly $750,000.
Purser. McClinton of the Dolphin relates
the story of the Cottage- City's mishap as
follows :
"The Cottage City left Ketchikan twen
ty-five hours ahead of us and the Dirigo
sixteen hours later. The latter vessel
overtook the Cottage City at the entrance
of Charlotte Sound on the night of the
14th. Upon inquiry the Dirigo found that
the other steamer had met with an acci
dent and wanted a tow to Seattle. Aid
was promptly given and the two steamers
should reach port by to-morrow evening.
The steamer was disabled by the break
ing of her thrust ?haft. The sea was
quite smooth at thd time and while the
vessel was adrift for twelve' hours, from
10 o'clock In the morning until the. same
hour that night, there was at no time any
great danger."
PIRATE VESSEL PUTS
OUT FROM FORMOSA
Carries Chinese Who Will Be Thrown
Overboard When Open Sea
Is Reached.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 16.— According to
advices brought by the Empress of Japan
the autumn maneuvers of the Japanese
army will take place on November 9 and
on the following- day there will be a re
view of 15,000 troops before the Emperor.
The Japan Mall publishes a statement
to the effect that. Russian officers have
been urging Korea' to fortify the coasts of
the peninsula and have offered to provide
money for the purpose.
The Emperor of Korea Invited the
foreign representatives to an entertain
ment to be given October 23, when Lady
Om will be introduced as the new Em
press. Lady Om' was a slave girl rescued
from captured pirates by the Korean
court. :
The Tokio Asahl is authority . for the
statement that a "pirate ship has left For
mosa under command of Mr. Okamu, a
former officer of the Japanese army, and
a crew of « ten Japanese, including one
former officer of the navy and ex-gend
armes and sub-officers of the navy. There
are also some Chinese on* the vessel, the
intention being, says the Asahi, to throw
them overboard as soon as the vessel gets
to sea.
EAILItOAIHS AT WAR
OVER RIGHT OF "WAY
Employes of Companies in. Colorado
Have Battle and Tracks Are
Torn T7p.
VICTOR, Colo.. Oct. 16. — Seventy men
employed by the Midland Terminal Rail
road tore up the tracks used by the
Shcrt Line over Stratton's Independence
mine property to-day and were engaged
In laying Midland rails when Manager
Shipman of the mining company rushed
a body of miners to the scene, who lore
up the new-laid track. There" was resis
tance, and a few physical encounters,'
but no Injuries of consequence were in
flicted.
Both sides have secured injunctions and
until an amicable settlement Is effected
ore shipments from the mine will be in
terrupted. The Midland laid rails to the
ore house a year ago, but they were sup
planted by tracks for Short Line connec
tion a few months ago.
Great issues are at stake, great interests are
involved, even our civilization Itself, and
through us the civilization of the world. This
nation is a world power; it has not acquired Us
Influence by war, but for a century its ideas
have been permeating the world and every cit
'.zen owes it to his country as well as to his
generation and posterity to throw the weight
of his Influence on the right side of every pub
lic question.
Bryan did not Inject any politics Into
his speech, which was brief and directed
largely to Towne. He continued:
Some may be disposed to stamp the word
•"failure" upon the political career of our dis
tinguished guest, but he has set an example
that must weigh heavily on the side of civic
virtue. He has faced without flinching a fire
as hot and hellish as ever came from cannon's
mouth, and he has won a victory greater and
more glorious than ever crowned the life of one
who fawned at the feet of power or bartered
away hia manhood to secure an office.
DULUTH. Minn., Oct. 16.-Eight hun
dred men of all shades of political opinion
sat down at the farewell banquet ten
dered by Duluth citizens to Chanes A.
Towne at the Armory to-night, while M0
ladies were present in the galleries to hear
the speeches by William J. Bryan. Mr.
Towne and others after the discussion of
The affair was non-partisan and carried
out the intention of the promoters to
make it a testimonial to Towne's personal
popularity among his friends and neigh
bors. Scores of prominent Democrats,
however, were present from all parts or
the State to add their tribute and listen
to the eloquence of their leaders. tt
Bryan's subject was "Moral Courage,
and he took occasion to shower encomi
ums on the guest of the evening for his
notable display of that quality in 1S96, at
the time of hi3 withdrawal from the Re
publican party to follow silver. He said:
Dolphin Brings From A!a3ka
\ Three-Quarters of a
Million in Gold;
Party Representatives Give
Farewell Dinner to
Towne.
Steamship Dirigo Picks
Up the Cottage City
at Sea.
"World Demands Our
Example, Says Bryan
at Duluth.
AMERICA RULES
AS A TEACHER
TOWING DAMAGED
VESSEL TO POUT
TO ARRIVE. .
Steamer. . ' From. J Due.
Empire. ..-..'.... Coos Bay Oct. 17
St Paul Nome & St. Michael Oct. 17
Australia Tahiti Oct. 17
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct. 17
Santa Kosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 17
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 17
Grace Dollar.. San Pedro Oct. 17
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 17
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 17!
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. 18
Mandalay Coquille River Oct. IS
Noyo Hucneme Oct. IS
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 18
J. S. Klmball.. Nome via Seattle Oct. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports lOct. 19
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 19
Leelanaw New York via Panama Oct. . 20
Loa Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 25
Santa Ana Seattle • Oct. 21
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 22
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 22
Columbia , Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 22
Thyra Portland Oct. 22
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 22
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma .... Oct. 24
San Jose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 25
Rameses Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 26
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 17.
Rival Willapo. Harbor.... 5 pm 5th St.
Homer Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Redondo & Way.. 11 am Pier 11
October lvS.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
October 1!>.
laqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier —
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
Point- Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 20.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.'. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October — 1.
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Mandalay.... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
October 2:1.
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 24.
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
October 25.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Portland \u25a0& C Bay Pier 3
\u25a0 ' \u25a0' .^ FROM SEATTLE. ij
Steamer. From. Due. 4*
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Chas. ls*lson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
City 6f Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oc£. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of i High and Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
\u25a0 thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city : front (Mlsa Ion-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tno height of tide la the same at both places.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17. ,
Sun rises ..6-20
Sun sets 5-30
Moon sets ; 8:52t>. m.
Time Time Time v Time
Datel— — - Ft. Ft. S- Ft. Ft
H W L. W H W L, W •
17... 3:21 4.2 7:31 ~il 1:32 "To 8:45 ~oTi
18... 4:lG 4.2 8:26 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:36 0.5
19 ... C:09 .4.2 9:39 3.2 8:16 4.7 10:31 0.8
20 .. 6:01 4.6 11:01 3.2 4:28 4.5 11:30 0.7
21... 6:45 ; 4.8 12:10 2.7 6:49 4.5
L. W HW-I.W H W
22... 0:24 0.8 7:26 6.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.5
23... 1:19 0.9 8:C4 6.3 2:04 1.6 8:11 417
NOTE!— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tho successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there .are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ln'ad
ditlon to the soundings on the United Stated
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts.' The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. . _;. ;
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco, Organized January,
1SS7. Drawing October 12. 19OI.
No. 99 <.4 wins fiaOO, sold in San Francisco;
No. 2236 wins $2000, sold in San Francisco: No.
62107 wins $1000, cold in San Francisco; No!
23393 wins $500. sold in San Francisco: Nos".
T82S and S2072 each win $258, sold In San Diego
s.nd San Francisco; Nos. 6529, 22652. 36561 S3WS
84488 each win $100. B old in Los Anodes" Oak^
land end San Francisco, CaL Full list in Fri
day's Call. •
The General Frisble and the Montlcello,
both of. the Vallejo line, were laid up for"
repairs yesterday. While on her way to
Vallejo the Frisbie must have passed over
a floating pile, as that Is the only thing
that can account for the loss of two
blades of her propeller. Captain Hatch
got her. back to the wharf and at once
telegraphed his agent at Vallejo to send
the Monticello down. On the way up
running on the Frisbie's time, the Monti
cello ran on a mud bank near Vallejo and
lost two of the blades of her propeller.
Biver. Steamers in Trouble.
Air bids for building sheds over the car
ferry sllus at Lombard street were re
jected, as the board considered them ex
cessive.
Broadway wharf No. 1 is to be rebuilt.
For a long time it has been in poor con
dition and yesterday the Harbor Commis
sioners decided to make it 800 feet long
and thoroughly modern In every respect.
Captain \u25a0 T. A. Nerney of the Naval
Militia asked for a more suitable berth for
the training ship Marlon. He pointed out
that the Arctic uil Works, where the
vessel is now tied up, was out of
the way. The chief wharfinger was in
structed to find another location for the
Marlon. .
The contract for repairing: the State tug
Governor Markham was let to J. Ham
mond for J460.
Harbor .Commissioners Meet.
The steamer Dolphin, which arrived at
Seattle yesterday, reported the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's Cottage City
as en her way to the sound In tow of the
steam schooner Dirigo. The chances are
that the Cottage City lost her propeller.
K. L.. Kibble, a weigher In the customs
sei-vlce. was nearly killed yesterdav. He
fell down one of Dunsmuir's coal bunkers
and had It not been that there was con
siderable coal In It he would have been
killed. As it is he is suffering from a
sprained ankle and Internal injuries
Gus Kilburn will give UnOther of his
popular excursions around the bay Sunday
veek. He has secured the ferry steamer
San Rafael and a most enjoyable trip
around the bay and up to Vallelo and
the navy-yard is assured.
The remains of the steam schooner
Aloha have been sold by Charles E. Nay
lor and others to C. P. Doe. The hulk is
now on Hay & Wright's ways, where the
machinery and everything of value will
be removed. A new steamer will then be
built and the machinery after it has been
overhauled put In the new vessel. It Is
Dee's Intention to rename the vessel as
soon as It is launched.
Water-Front Notes.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 16.— A Judgment
was given by Judge Hughes in the Su
perior Court to-day against the State for
$38,404 54 in the suit of Samuel Davis
against the State to recover upon Indian
war bonds of 1852. State Controller Colgan
this afternoon drew a warrant for $38 -
245. 98. that being the amount of the
Judgment, less number of coupons miss-
Ing. »
Tnriifl-n "War Claim Paid.
A larse fleet of deep-water ships got
away yesterday. Among them were the
British ships Celtic Chief, Brussels,
Manydown and. Australian, all bound for
Queenstown; the American ship Henry B.
Hyde for New York and the barks Martha
Davis and C. D. Bryant for Hawaii.
Tuesday- night Captains Jones of the
Celtic Chief, Cerlez of the Brussels, Evans
of the Manydown and Jolliff of the Aus
tralian met on the floor of the Mer
chants' Exchange. All of them were to
sail with the morning's tide and the talk
\u25a0was of the run home. Finally a sweep-
Etake of" . $50 a ship was made and an
agreement reached that the captain of the
last vessel home is to pay for a dinner for
the quartet. The vessels were all bunched
off the lightship at 10 a. m. yesterday and
the start was as good as any in the re
cent yacht races. The Brussels was
quickest away, but when last seen the
four were almost together.
The Celtic Chief has a cargo of 55,999
centals, of wheat, valued at $55,575, shipped
by Balfour, Guthrie & Co.; the Brussels
has 32,285 centals of barley, valued at $29,
742, shipped by J. J. Moore & Co.; the
Manydown has S2.870 centals of wheat,
valued at J76.6G5, shipped by L. Kauffman,
and the Australian has 76,759 centals of
wheat, valued at $75,585, shipj>ed by Ep
plnger & Co.
Four Vessels of the Grain Fleet
Sailed in Company Yesterday.
BHIITSH SHIPS BACINX* HOME.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmaster appointed: California — "Wil
liam Jlorris, Mlllville, Shasta County,
vice Akle Sheridan, resigned.
These pensions were granted: California
— Original — Samuel Webb. Los Angeles,
$10. War with -Spain — Edward E. Pol
treck, San Francisco, $6. Increase—Fred
erick Spencer, San Francisco, $6; Andrew
Fyfe, Sebastopol, $12.
Oregon— Widows, war with Spain—Caro
line Kennedy, mother. The Dalles, $12.
Washington— Increase — Ezra £>. Davl
eon, Thorp, $16; Charles T. Huntley, Shel
ton, $12; John W. Dixon, Ellensbury, $12.
dutcgw Made In the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
OP DTTEBESr TO PEOPl^B
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Methodists in the West, in to-day's issue
Etates that of the 113 conferences of the
church, 103 have voted on the constitu
tion adopted at. the General Conference
held in Chicago last May. The vote to-\
day Is: For, 7378, and against, 2450. This
elves only seven more than the three
lourths vote necessary to adopt, but six
teen other conferences with about 900
votes are yet to be heard from, and the
" Advocate says that leading churchmen
realize a change of sentiment In any ode
conference may change the history of the
organization.
"If the constitution Is rejected," the
Advocate continues, "the reef upon -which
It will be wrecked will be that of the re
flation of women to the governing bodies."
• I The new constitution, among other
\u25ba things, authorizes the election of women
to the General Conference.
Conferences in the Methodist Church
Completing the Ballot on. New
Constitution.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— The Northwestern
Christian Advocate, the organ of the
SHIFT OF SENTIMENT
HAY CHANGE THE VOTE
For the naval training 1 station, Califor
nia, the estimate is $31,500; the Improve
ments on the naval magazine at Mare
Island, $S000; naval magazine, Puget
Sound, "Washington. $100,000; navy yard,
Puget Sound. S1.1C9.500; Improvement In
the steam engineering- plant at Mare Isl
and, $80,000.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Oct 16.— Secretary
of the Navy Long in his annual report
makes the following estimates for 'Mare
Island NavyTard for the fiscal year 1902
1903:
Quay wall. $50,000; ravine, $25,000; sewers,
heating' pyetcm extension and other minor Im
provements, including new organ and telephone
extension, $23,700; deep water slip, $130,000;
traveling crane track improvements, J21.000;
improvements, bulldinc Xo. Co. $8000; railroad
eyetem extensions, 112.000; chemical laboratory.
J60C0; coal storage extensions, $66,000; machine
Bhop No. 2, extension, $50,000; auxiliary ma
chine shoj>, steam engineering, $5000; grading,
$80,000; naval prison extension, $10,000; dry
flock water closets and bathhouce. $15,000; coal
handlingr machinery. $32,000; electric capstans
for drydbek, $18,000; naval observatory build
ing, $20,000; electric plant extensions, $15,000;
storehouse for metal supplies and accounts,
$30,000; workshop and boiler-house for equip
ment, $25,000; marine railway. $SOO0; round
house. JSOOO: barracks fcr enlisted men (to cost
$S50.000), $15,000; Improvements building for
sorting and handling guns, $5000; storage basin
rendezvous for torpedo vessels, $125,000; total,
$S88,7Ca
Eecretary Long of the Navy Gives
Figures as to the Probable
Cost.
ESTIMATES ABB MADE
FOB TVTAKE IS!LAiNI>'S YARD
Chief Steward W. Herbert was trans
ferred back to the Grant at the last mo
ment. When the Grant was laid up for
repairs he was sent to the Thomas, but
as soon as the Grant was recommissioned
the officers asked to have him sent back.
He was accordingly transferred back to
his old ship and Chief Steward Pfeifer of
the Logan was detailed to the Thomas.
Those who went away in the cabin on
the Thomas yesterday were: .
F. O Haxon, U. S. N.; Major Palmer C.
Wood, wife and daughter. Major T. C. Chal
mers, wife and child, Captain Walter A.
Thurston. Captain F. M. M. Beall and wi£e,
Captain John Newton, wife and daughter, Cap
tain R. R. Stagsdall, wife and child. Captain
J. R. Lindsay and wife. Captain Henry du R.
Phelan, Lieutenant F. A. Bale and wife. Sec
ond Lieutenant G. M. Holley, Contract Surgeon
R. A. Wileon, wite and child, Contract Surgeon
F. R. Underwood, wife and child, Assistant
Surgeon M. K. Gwyn, Lieutenant B. A. Read
and wite. Second Lieutenant K. T. Smith, Sec
ond Lieutenant Frank C. Burnett, Second Lieu
tenant Frank W. Glover and wife. Sergeant
Major George W. McGaffln. Nurses— Sarah H.
Brock, Mabel I. Lake and Jane M. Stoker,
Mrs. M. F. Davis, Mrs. H. J. Price and child,
Mrs. Charles S. Wallace, Mrs. J. L. Nicholson
Mrs George Perkins, Mrs. H. B. Wilson, child
and Eister," Mrs. S. K. Fltzhugh and child,
Mrs. H. A. Stewart and daughter, Mrs. A. P.
Goff, Mrs. F. M. Wells. Mrs. Charles P. Daly,
Mrs. W. K. Martland. Mrs. S. M. Showbrtdge.
Mrs. J. H. Lawler, Miss Helen Ormeyer, Miss
Fannie Hauser, Mrs. William Ladd. Mrs. C.
H. Covell. Mrs. Frank Klar, Mrs. O. C. Con
terno Dr. W. E. Wormsley, Miss A. M. Har
ney, Mrs. M. S. Donnelly, Walter Pickering,
Rev A. L. Haslett, Miss Alice JPeevers, Mis3
M. Edna Marshall, Mrs. Minnie D. Theilkuhi,
Alanson B. Loud, Clarence F. Mudle. H. W.
Smith, J. Perrin Wilson. Louis G. Reinberg,
W F Barney, John H. Mitchell, George A.
Tracy, J. B." Rogers and wife, E. W. Fullen-
Iove J. W. Heffennan, Thomas P. Shannaiian,
Andrew Nelson, J. J. Murray, Robert Chaw
ner. Mrs. J. M. Llddell and three children,
Second Lieutenant C. G. Lawrence.
Teachers— J. W. Evans. Sidney J. Lockner,
TV. J. Corcoran, Leslie A. Weeks. G. M. Egan,
G. C Vedder, S. A. Campbell, Sam McClintock,
Lawrence McDermott, W. B. Hathaway,
Charles C. Eaton, Ira A. Collins, Georee E.
WilBon, A. A. Bear; Charles K. Bliss, Henry
E. Nelbert, Foss F. Corley, Amos H. Corley,
F. E. Welch and fUTc, Frank Pesh1»;K, Georg<j
Trempor and wlf^. G. B. Schiller, Charles' A.
Vallance, W. F. Smith J. W. Manion, Celes
tlne J. Sullivan, John V. Barren, W. W. Hol
der, August L'ndemann Percy M. Molr, Miss
Dora Reynolds Miss H. F. ' Gillette, MIsb
Claire B. HafiRler, Miss Isabel'Wilkle, Mlsa
Fannie B. Durkin, Miss Florence Grayum.
Stenographers— Stephen A. • Barrow, Carl
Remington, John Harold. William E. Kelly,
James F. Markey.
Chief Musician Emll Relchardt.
Commissary Serjeant Albert Blefer.
following passengers: Twelve army
officers (unassigned), six army surgeons,
four army nurses, a sergeant major, com
missary sergeant and chief musician,
fifteen enlisted men of the Signal Corps,
five veterinary surgeons, twenty-eight
male teachers, six female teachers,
seventy-eight civilians and forty-five
horsehsoers and blacksmiths.
p*T|*=^HE United States army transport
I Thomas sailed for the Philippines
I yesterday. She took away over
it 3000 tons of army stores and the
BRITISH SHIPS CELTIC CHIEF, MANYDOWN, BRUSSELS AND AUSTRALIAN STARTING ON A LONG RACE
TO QUEENSTOWN, IRELAND. ALL FOUR VESSELS WENT TO SEA TOGETHER AND GOT AWAY FROM
THE LIGHTSHIP AT 10 O'CLOCK YESTERDAY MORNING. ,
WASHINGTON, Oct 16.— There are now
>09 lepers and 164 clean persons at the
Molokai leper settlement in Hawaii, ac
rordlng to a report just received from
Chief Quarantine Officer Cofer, In charge
of the Marine Hospital work In Hawaii.
All these are housed, fed, clothed and
governed for $50,000 a year.
The report praises the hopeful and
cheerful way In which these poor people
resign themselves to their fate and points
out that such contentment can thrive
only on a comfortable mode of life and
good treatment.. Surgeon Cofer reports
that he made careful Inquiries as to the
chances of the Infection of the clean peo
ple working among the lepers, and that
•he general opinion was that in time they
would become lepers. In the last ten
years, however, only ten clean residents
have become lepers.
The Board of Health has Initiated a
new system for preventing the lepers and
their relatives and friends from embrac
ing and kissing each other by marching
ihe visitors immediately from the
steamer landing to a corral with a double
fence. The friends are compelled to re
main Inside this inciosure and the lepers
gather around and talk through the bars.
Visitors are permitted at any time under
this system. Instead of only once a year,
as formerly. The results of known ex
posure to leproBy show an uncertainty as
to the chances of Individual Infection,
which makes the disease one of the most
difficult to operate against. Women are
»ald to be less liable to It than men. The
jldest three patients at the settlement
fcrrlved In 1S74. 1ST5 and 1879, respectively.
The recruits to the settlement each
rear during the last decade range from
182 In 1890 to 85 In 1900. showing a gradual
Jecrease. despite the. fact that the hunt
for lepers through the islands never be
tore has been so vigorous.
The Official Report Describes
Conditions at the
Island.
Attendants at Molokai
Have Small Chance
of Escape.
LEPROSY WILL
END THEIR LIVES
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, j CaL
October 16, i 1901.
The Time Ball oa the tower of the Ferry
building' was dropped exactly at noon | to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean • time. . \u25a0 '
j. t. McMillan,
Wautlcal Expert, In charge. -
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 16.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Smith, 8 hours from
Pigeon Point.
Stmr laqua, Gunderson, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr "Westport, Ericsson, 22 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 44 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, S3 hours from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 18.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, ! San Pedro; Gcodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Sesostris, Temme, Victoria and
Nanaimo; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlmon, Hllo; Welch
& Co.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlznond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October IB.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, Hardy Creek. •
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos' Bay.
Schr Nettle Sundborgr, Larsen, Fort Ross. '
Wednesday, October 16.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.- .
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, Moss Landing:.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford. Manila and Hono
lulu, k
Ger stmr Sesostris, Temme, Victoria and Na
nalmo.
Ship Henry B Hyde, McLeod. New York.
Tug Defiance. Trewren. Eureka, with Nor
bark Plelone in tow. .'
Br ship Manydown, Evans, Queenstown. .
Br ship Celtic Chief, Jones, Queenstown,
Br ship Australian, Jollift, Queenstown. \u25a0
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlmon, Hllo.
Br bark Brussels, Cerelz, Queenstown. . '
Nor bark Plofone. Abrahamson, Eureka, In
tow of tugr Defiance. •\u25a0 *
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. Eureka. : .
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, —^-.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Beulah, Anderson, Umpqua.
Schr Fortuna, Olson, Eureka. '
SPOKEN.
Sept 27, lat 24 N, Ion 22 W— Br bark Penrhyn
Castle, from Hambursr, for Seattle. \u25a0
Sept 29, lat 28 N, Ion 20 W— Br ship Dun
staffna?e, from Shields, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
. SEATTLE, Oct 18— Stmr Dolphin reports
spoken the stmr Cottage City with her thrust
shaft broken. Accident occurred on Oct 14
near entrance of Charlotte Sound. •
SEATTLE, Oct IB— Stmr Pleiades, from' San
Francisco, at this port loading coal, took fire
while lying at coal bunkers. Damage not yet
known. Fire extinguished by Fire Department
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Oct 16— Btmr
Crescent City, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 18-Schr
Queen, from Port Gamble.
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco. • ' . . .
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 16— Schr Gem, hence
Oct 2. . .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 16— Schr Peer
lesB, from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr South Port
land, hence Oct 11; stmr Dolphin, from- Skag
uay. • \u25a0 \u25a0 \ • . \u25a0
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Umatlllo, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 16— Br stmr Moyune, from Mojl.
' Sailed Oct 1C, 2 p m— Stmr Santa Ana, for
San Francisco. • \u25a0 .
TACO1IA— Sailed Oct 16— Ger stmr Elba, for
Queenstown, via Seattle; Br stmr Duke of
Fife, for the Orient; U S stmr transport Dlx
for Seattle.
PORTLAND. Or— Arrived Oct 16— Shin Cle
mence, from Newcastle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Oct IS— Br
stmr Moyune, from Moji, for Seattle. \>
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Grace
Dollar, with propeller damaged, for San Fran
cisco. . \u25a0
NBAH BAY— Passed In Oct 16^-Stmr Mack
inaw, hence Oct 13, for Tacoma.
KAHULUI— Sailed Oct 1— Schr 8 T Alexan
der, ' for San Francisco. >
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr' South
Coast, from Eureka. •
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived • Oct 16— Stmr
Shipping Intelligence.
The Austrian steamer Alberta will load wheat
here for Europe, 35s, chartered prior to ar
rival; the. Lord Templetown, same, 34s; the
David Evans, lumber at Eureka for Salina
Cruz; the Ivy, lumber at Moody ville for Shang
hai, owner's account; the St. Katherine, mer
chandise here for Hllo; the W. H. Macy. lum
ber at Gamble for South Africa.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. ,
The German steamship Sesostris of the
Kosmos line arrived from Hamburg, via
South and Central American ports, yester
day. She carried in her cargo 8 cases of
gclu for the Bank of California, a case of
gold bullion, a case of silver coin, 50 bagrs
of sulphates, some coffee, 5393 bags of
nitrates and a quantity of wines and
spirits. The cabin passengers were: Jose
T. Seminaria, wife and son;. Dr. T. Lopez
and Celso Lopez from Guyaquil, Manuel
Zelayer, Alberto A. Ramos, Dr. Jose Leon
ard, Tansta Dervaler and Luis Carissema
fioir Amapala,
Kosmos Liner Arrives.
The American ships Roanoke and Ben
jamin P.' Packard were added to the over
dues yesterday. Both of them are from
Norfolk and the underwriters are afraid
of the coal cargoes. The Roanoke is out
12<'i days for San Francisco and 29 per cent
is being paid on her, while the Packard is
out 127 days for Honolulu and only 15 per
cent Is being paid on her.
The rates on the remainder of the- fleet
are as follows:
Afon Alaw — From Swansea for San Francisco,
158 days out to-day; 8 per cent.
La Tour d'Auvergne— From Swansea for Sa<i
Francisco, 153 days out to-day; 8 per cent.
Edouard Detallle— From Cardiff tor San Fran
cisco, 155 days out to-day; 8 per cent.
Anne de Bretagne — From Cardiff for Baa
Francisco, 148 days out to-day; S per cent.
Principality— From Tyne for San Francisco,
164 days out to-day; 19 per cent.
Glenbreck— From Tyne for Valparaiso, 131
days out tp-day; 80 per cent.
Cralgnair — From New Caledonia for Philadel
phia, 196 days out to-day; 90 per cent.
The Overdue Fleet.
Luella, hence Oct 15.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHLV-Cleared Oct 15— Stmr Ha
waiian, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 15— Bktn Lahaina,
from Port Hadlock.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Sent 4— Ital bark
Sant Erasmo, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 17— Jap stmr Nip
pon Mara, hence Sept 27.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 11— Br shin Wls
combe Park, for San Francisco.
HIOGO— Sailed Oct 10— Br stmr Hyson, for
Hongkong and London, from Tacoma. .
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct IS— Chll Btmr Loa,
for San Francisco.
\ OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Koeni-
Cen Lulse, from Bremen. .
LONDON— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Ammon,
from San Francisco, via Valparaiso; stmr
Montevidean, from Montreal.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Kron
Prlnz Wilhelm, from Bremen, for New York.
QUEEN STOWN— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Sax
onla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
LIZARD — Passed Oct 16— Stmr La Savoie.
from New York, for Havre.
Steamer Movements.
She also was got back to San Francisco
and was put on the drydock. Luckily she
had a spare propeller aboard and it was
fitted on In time for her to take up the
8:30 p. m. run yesterday. The Frisble will
go on the drydock to-day and will prob
ably be in commission again Saturday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
Among the Passengers Are School Teachers, Army
Officers and Two Score Blacksmiths. .
ARMY TRANSPORT THOMAS SAILS
FOR MANILA WITH LARGE CARGO
Boot Preparing for Duties.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— A letter re
ceived at the "V<*&.r Department from Sec
retary Root says he expects to resume
his official duties in Washington about the
middle of next week.
4
' _ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ADVERTISEMENTS.
* j^~['j~***'^^ Don't neglect the slightest sign of
1 Jf ¥i— — -^ irregularity, but see that.you have
A I / 1 I at l east one natural, easy move-
$ ff\ ~\ I ' /mentaday. Pills, salts and liquid
\& \ % / I :<j^r physic are dangerous because they
I IJL/ !j^0^ strain and weaken the bowels.
r^ '*jira What you want is a mild but sure
i JT •/ " tox " c * axa tive that tones and j
I M 'f strengthens the bowels and helps j
I .'( f their movements. Such a bowel i
1 / 1 f medicine is CASCARETS, and j
\ I L A when you try them you will find j
V,/ W^^. that it is the easiest thing in the !
"world to make and keep your bow- I
els clean and regular, strong and !
healthy. By keeping the bowels clean all serious disorders are j
prevented by Cascarets. Sample box ioc. Month's treatment, !
50C Sample and booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New fork. 4910
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM,
HOT WATER.
fill STOVF^
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
g§ &m£ 309 to 3J7 Market Street.
San Francisco.
7 BEST n • tj 'H^fe • ' fi : KsAir S
©LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, value for $3.00; -will bo placed on sale fire. r\^ S
& at............ :.... .../. O<«iJl) 5l
& LATHES' BLACK AND COLORED CAPES, value for $5 00- will co p-X 2
@ be offered at tPOaOli
O LADIES' BLACK TAILORED SUITS, value for $20.00; win" bee 1 rr *^ 5
O offered at ......'.:.. .... Ol5«00 •
O CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value for 55.00; will be offered at.....'! co ft X g
1 8
I J. O'BRIEN & CO., I
8 1146 MARKET STREET. •
ADVEETISE2IEMTS. f
Positively cured by thesa
Little PHJs.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. iVausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Conted Tonjrue. Pain in
the Side. -TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable, f,
Small Pill. Small Doso.
Small Price.
YOU CAN'T
GET AWAY
From the fact that laundry work, to ca
satisfactory, must be well done.
Good laundry work tells its own Story,
and we're willing ours should do the tell-
ing, confident that we will win your or-
ders.
•' No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Straat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlcn— 54> San Pablo Ave.
DB.MEYEBS&CO, jSpH^
Specialist Disease @||j&V 1 £
and weakness of ij§3$ *
men. Established j£^f *.-«ss% .*|?5 \u25a0
1SS1. Consultation ITzS: f?
and private book \*'«ft, aA
free, at office or by -"V9ST~ i
maiL Cure3 guar- ' V^^^^^Si^
anteed. 7 HI Mar- F^&S&§**W
ket street (eleva- Jk^r«>^(<$t
tor entrance), San
Francisco*
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great*)
$huseus! of ahatghyI
\ '\u25a0 . fcff . Th. Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
p jriBn World. Weaknesses or iny coiuneted »
7 JS|B1 * 5ea ? c P«"*«««'T «•«\u25a0•«• by the oldest V
O 11& S3 I Specialist oa the Coast Est. 36 y-ars. (j)
A fltBPA D3. JOHDAN-OISEASES CF MEN /)
\ ¥ ®§i&r! Consolation free and strictly private. \
0 t j£'*£ fl Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ 8 1/ T1H fontiM Curt in e-»erjr case undertaken. T
» f 7 llV Wntefor Book. PSII.OSOPOYof A
"ll I BAnRlAGE, MAILED FRE2. (if
A li it valuable book for ram) \
" DK. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
I CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED
j "THE SUPERIOR OF I
:| THEM ALL" |
r Everything that tends to |
; M speed, comfort, pleasnre and I
|J luxury unlimited. Eeserve I
j ' berths for this famous train j
j| at 641 Market street. m
I IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND 1
I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE 9
13 SI n t*A c*'VfO 09 fiBB B H &J$j
BH £w fiBi IpKbU Bis €mwW 8 BHRjfl
'"WE^Kl MEIsT! 5
DR. HALL'S REIN'VIGOHA- Jfll'"J^JjJl
TOR stops all losses In 2-1 fli?^?>;
hours. You feel tha Improvement JSjSP^WftlP
from the first dose. We have so $32i £3^
much confidence In our treatment I 1
that we offer five hundred reward bfj fFm?
for any case we cannot cure. This W* Jw
Becret remedy cures Emissions, lUi iUL
Impotency, Varlcocele. Conor- r^J? £T\
rhoea. Strictures, Gleet. Drains, Ky'**" 1 "^
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effects o*
self-abuse or excesses. Sent sealed, {2 bottle;
3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. CaJ
or address HALL'S MBDICAX. INSTITUTE.
!S,, Br< i adway ' OaWand. Cal. Also for sale a:
1073^ Market st.. S. P. All private disease*
quickly cured. Send for free book.
. Tin^^f!- «*&»€*-.- J|
VICHY SPRINGS.
vSly Wau?^ l D *?* Unlted Sta t« *»»«•
E ec£to Wate«. *£S ndant - The olU * natural
i.ie<_inc waters: Chamz>asm« Hath«- a n rii»i
VkShT"" : ***}• I 11^^ ThreVmllls Pr f^m
UkiaH. j. a, REBRMEYER & CO.,
, - Proprleton.For many generations after the first bale
of cotton raised in the United States was
sent to market most of the cotton planta
tions of the country were east of the
Mississippi. But now nearly one-half, of
the entire American crop of cotton comes
from the territory west of the river.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 16.
Btmr Coo» Bay, Nicholson, 4 hours from
Moss Landing.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 16.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Smith,- for .
Btmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8. 12 m— Weather tozKYl wind
west, 10 miles an hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 16— Cannery tender
White Wings, from Lynn Canal; Btmr City of
Puebla, from San Francisco; Btmr Santa Bar
bara, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Despatch, for Falrhaven.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Alliance,
hence Oct 10; Br Btmr Indravclll, from Yoko
hama. ,
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Francisco; Btmr Green
wood, for San Francisco. • •
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Santa Ana,
for San Francisco; Br ship Edenballymore. for
Queenstown.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Oct 16— Stmr Robert
Dollar, hence Oct 12; stmr St Paul, from
Nome, for Seattle.-
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct l£-6chr Wil
liam Olsen, for San Franciico; schr Queen, for
Port Ludlow.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
NAPLES— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Trave, from
New Ycrk, for Genoa,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct lft-Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool; stmr
New England, from Boston, for Liverpool. \u25a0 .
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr St
Paul, from New York;
PARIS. Oct. 16.— Comte de la Vaulx, in
an interview published to-day, asserts
that while he failed to cross the Mediter
rs-r.ean he succeeded in breaking all bal
looning records, as he remained in the air
more than forty-one hours, during: which
time he succeeded in keeping the balloon
from two to four metres above the level
Compte T>e La Vaulx Tells of His At
tempt to Cross the Medi
terranean.
SATS HE HAS SOLVED
AN ATTR.TAT. PROBLEM
'^Central Xevr Torfc— "William D. \u25a0Wilson,
3>. D. ; William Augustus Albert.
"Central Pennsylvania— Horace O. Moore.
"Delaware— Horace Burr. 1L D. ; George
Eor.ry Raymond.
"Esston— The Rev. Stephen Cheater Roberts,
V. D.; William F. "Walker.
"Georgia— The. Rev. William C. Hemler.
"Indiana— John F. Irwin. 1>. D., LL.D.
"Iowa — The Rev. \u25a0Willie K. Barry, the Rev.
George "William "Watson, Joseph Moraa Jr.,
Francis Garney Thomas.
"Kentucky— The Rev. Edmonfl Fayles Per
fcies D. I>.
"Vang Islaafl— John Alsop Kins. \u25a0William
JCichcls, Ju2gustnE Rappelje.
"Maryland— The Rev. Hall Harrfcon, John
Tboinas Masca, EMpworth Wllnier.
"Massachusetts— John Bites Stebblna
"Slic'higzzt— Hervey Cooke Park.
\u25a0"Minnesota — The Rev. John Jacob Fonde,
T>. D.
"KerraA- The Rev. Anthony Schuyler.
"Xew Eacpshire— George L«. BalaonL
"Xew Jersey— -Samuel K. "Wilson.
"South Carolina— The Rev. Joseph B. Cheslr*.
JX T>.
"Oregon— Tiie Rev. Charles Booth.
"Peareylvacla— James Stck.es Blddle.
"Plttetrarg-— The Rev. Henry Pmrtn. D. D.
"Rhofle Island— John Nicholas Brown.
"Southern Ohio— The Rev. Yelverton H. ilor
g»r\ ph. D.
"Bprtagfleia— The Rer. T>avia "W. Drether,
V. D.; William Joehm Allen.
\u25a0"wniiam Jotlrua Allen.
\u2666*Tera*— The Rer. Thoznas "W. Kane. Alfred
S. Rlcharflsoij
"Venaorrt — The Rer. "William Henry Collins,
the Rev. Francis Wyxnan Smith.
"Western MicMpan— George Wfflard.
**W*stera Xew York — The Rev. William Dor-
TEJe Dotr. I>- D-: the Rer. Francis Lolxlell.
Dl IX. LL. D.; G. BeLJen "Worthlngton."
TO ELECT PBESIDINXJ BISHOP.
The Rev. T>r. Hantlngtoa then callefl tor th«
The Isthmian Canal Commission has en
deavored to obtain a positive and direct
statement of what the Panama Company
would accept for its right, and M. Hu
tin's return to France this summer was
for the purpose of obtaining information
on that point. It is understood that he
has now a proposition to make to the
United States commission, but along
what lines It is impossible to ascertain,
as M. Hutin refuses to be interviewed
concerning it before acquainting the com
mission with the results of his mission.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Maurice Hu
tin, president of the board of directors
of the Panama Canal Company, who ar
rived in TCew York yesterday, came to
Washington to-day. This afternoon he
paid a social and informal call upon Ad
miral Walker, chairman of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, and to-morrow, it is
said, he will make a call upon the ad
miral for the purpose of bringing about
the disposition of the Panama Company's
interest in that, partly constructed water
way.
President of the Canal Board of Di
rectors Calls on Admiral
Walker.
COMES WITH OFFERS
PKOM PA3STATVTA COMPAlTSr
AMEHICAIX DIPLOMATS
WXLL CONTINUE DUTIES
Information Received That Embassa
dors Choate and White Are Not
to Betire.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— There is att-
Continued From Page One.
thority for the statement that Embassa
dor "White will not retire from the diplo
matic service at this time. Before his re
turn to Berlin Mr. White will come to
Washington for the purpose of calling
upon the President. Secretary Hay and
other officials, with whom he is on friend
ly terms. He will sail in the latter part
of the month for Germany.
Information obtained to-day regarding
the plans of Embassador Choate, while
not so authoritative, is equally as posi
tive. It is his intention to resume his du
ties in London upon the expiration of th£
leave of absence granted him before the
assassination of President
FEMALE SLAVE DISCHARGED.— Chun Loy
Ho. one of the four women captured at 8 l /fc
Ross alley in a recent raid by Federal offi
cials and charged with being illegally. in the
country, was discharged yesterday by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock, she hav
ing produced her registration certificate.
REV, DO. Mil IS ELECTED,
Witnesses Tell of the Messages Sent
From tlie Brooklyn.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— The Schley court of
Inquiry began proceedings to-day, as usual,
wltii tlie correction of testimony griven on the
previous flay, the witnesses summoned for this
pmrpose being Captain Cook and' Lieutenant
Commander Sears, who testified yesterday.
When they had left the stand Commander New
ton E. Mason, who was executive officer of the
Brooklyn during the war with Spain, was
osukd to relate his observations of the conduct
of the Santiago campaign. It is the purpose of
Attorney Raynor to first examine officers of
tte Brooklyn and to follow these with a num
ber of those -who were on the Oregon during
the battle of Santiago. It is understood that
his entire list of witnesses is practically con
fined to persons who were on board these two
vessels.
While Certain Cook occupied the witness
«tand for the purpose of correcting his testi
mony Kanna asked him:
"Referring to your statement In regard to the
steam required to t>p kept up in connection with
tho uncoupling: of the Brooklyn's engines, that
It was the order of the cemmander-in-chief
while lying off Santiago on the blockade, was
that a written orier?"
"Sly recollection is that it was a. bulletin.
The exact words I do not remember."
'"The particular point was with respect to
the uncoupling of the engines. Was there any
thing in that order on this subject and in
pursuance oi" which that was done?"
"It is my impression triat there was. They
all. as I understood it, had their engines un
coupled."
"It is a general recollection of it only?"
"Tes, that we should have our forward
engines uncoupled all the time."
••Can vou aid us in any -pray In Identifying
the bulletin from your impression?"
"No. We could not have moved the four
engines with the steam we carried. I know
that we had an order about the epeed, and it
\u25a0was in s. circular bulletin. I think."
Captain Cook also was questioned again con
crrrdr.g the voyage of the flying 6quadron from
Cienfutgos to Santiago, as follows:
"Did the flying squadron, when proceeding
from Cier.'uegos to Santiago, proceed with all
cit-patcn?"
' "Throwing out of consideration the surround
ing circumstances and conditions that have
e'r^acy be»n testified to, I 6hould say no."
Raynor — But. putting in the surrounding cir
cumstances and conditions, you would say yes,
would you not?
"Tes."
"What do yen mean by 'the eurrocsding
eire-jEaetaiices and conditions?" "
•"I mean that, as I undersT -nd tlie question,
ire wculd have- gone from Ci---i:uegos to Baatl
ligo and arrived there the next day after we
left Cien'uego?. with some, if not all of the ;
larcer vessels."
"What were the circumstances and condi
tions you oeak of?"
"The coaling conditions that existed at the '
tin-.e. We certainly could not have made dis
patch by turning back."
"What do you mean when you Epeai of turn
ins back?"
"I mean that we went to the eastward of
the two columns and that then, being unable
to coal the Texas, as I have stated before, we
turned back for that purpose. If you had
thrown that consideration out we would have
made dispatch. I mean in this sense: "We did
rot go in the quickest possible time from. Cien
fuegos to Santiago."
Rayncr— I think that either I misunderstand
the question or you misunderstand both ques
tions, especially by the other side. I. thought
SIGNALS IN" THE BATTLE.
of the sea, thus solving the problem, of
maintaining stability.
He says he could have remained up for
forty-eight hours, but would have bepn
driven ashore. He threw out ballast only
once a day, and this was at sunset, to
compensate for the loss of gas. With the
deviator he was able to deviate thirty
degrees from the course of the wind, and
occasionally the deviation was as much
as forty-five degrees. He attributes his
failure to the weather, the violence of the
wind and the bad quality of the gas he
used. No striking incident seems to have
taken place during the trip.
witness consulted it, showed that both the
Minneapolis and the Tale had reported short
supplies of coal, the Minneapolis saying that
she had just enough to take her to Key West
The witness then read a list of the signals to
and from the Brooklyn on July 3, the list being
as follows:
July 3, 1S98, 9 a. m.— Flagship to fleet: Dis
regard motions of the commander In chief.
9:15— Brooklyn to Texas: What Is your theory
about burning of blockhouses on the hill last
night?
9 :34— Iowa to Brooklyn : ! Enemy is escaping.
9:35— Brooklyn to fleet: Enemy i3 escaping.
9:36 — Brooklyn to fleet: Clear for action.
9:45 — Brooklyn to fleet: Close up.
11:35— Brooklyn to the Oregon: Well done.
12:30 p. m.— Oregon to Brooklyn: Flag of
a strange vessel seen is Italian.
12:35 — Brooklyn to Oregon — She was built In
Italy.
While chasing the Colon the Oregon fired a
number of shots. We wigwagged her when each
one struck and a number of unimportant mes
sages were exchanged.
Messages of "Warships.
"Give us these unimportant messages as well
as you can recollect."
"When the Oregon came up on our quarter
we wigwagged to her: 'God bless the Oregon.'
Later on during the chase of the Colon we wig
wagged the Oregon to try her 13-inch guns or
something to that effect."
"Was that the signal that has been spoken
of as "try one of your railroad trains?' "
"I have heard lt spoken of outside the court,
but do not remember."
"Have you given all the signals on the day
of the battle?" ~
"No, sir (reading): '11:15 p. m.— (This is not
a signal. Just a note of when the Colon sur
rendered)—'Colon fired her lee gun and hauled
down her flag.'
" '1:25 p. m.— Brooklyn to Oregon: . "Enemy
has surrendered."
" '1:26 p. m.— Brooklyn to Oregon: "Cease
firing."
" '1:26 p. m.— Brooklyn to Oregon: "Keep
your guns loaded and trained on the v enemy."
" '1:30 p. m.— Brooklyn to Oregon: "Con
gratulations on the grand victory. Thanks for
splendid assistance."
" '1:35 p. m.— Oregon to Brooklyn: "Thank
you more than words can express."
" '1:45 p. m.— Brooklyn to flagship New York:
"We have gained a great victory. Details will
be communicated."
" '1:50 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn: "Re
port your casualties."
" '1:55 p. m.— Brooklyn to New York:
"Killed, one."
" '1:55 p. m.— Brooklyn to New York: "This
is a gTeat day for our country."
" '2:30 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn! "As
certain as far as possible position and strength
of the enemy's forces and report without de
lay."
" '2:30 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn: "Hoist
out all boats."
" '2:40 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn: "Do
you want services of chaplain to bury dead?"
" '2:45 p. m.— Brooklyn to New York: "Would
like to have services of chaplain. Will signal
time later."
" '2:50 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn: "Send
for chaplain when you want him." \u25a0
" '3:30 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn: "Send
both steam cutters and strongest towllne."
" '3:45 p. m. — Brooklyn to New York: "Both
steam cutters entirely disabled by shot. Will
use such pulling boats as we can. Will send
towline."
" '4:20 p. m.— Brooklyn to Oregon: "Follow
flag."
" '4:25 p. m.— Brooklyn to Oregon: "Close
up."
" '4:25 p. m.— New York to Brooklyn: "Will
remain in charge of prize." "
"Do you remember any incidents connected
with the slsrnal from the Brooklyn to the Ore
gon at 4:20 p. m. 'Follow flag' and at 4:25
p. m. from the Brooklyn to the Oregon 'Close
up?' "
"There was a report that there were one or
two Spanish ships to the eastward and I un
derstood the" Brooklyn and Oregon were to go
after those ships. We started off and s'j
naled the Oregon to follow us. She did not get
get under way Immediately, as I remember it,
so we signaled to her to 'close up.' "
Lieutenant McCauley also gave a list of the
signals made from the Massachusetts while
that vessel was being used as Commodore
ScWey's flagship May 31, and when asked
whether any signals had been sent to the fleet
to "not go in any closer," replied. _"No, sir."
He said he had charge of the signals and did
not remember such a signal. Leading up to
the battle of July 3, Raynor asked: "What
was the conduct and bearing of Commodore
Schley on the day of the battle?"
"Perfectly cool and steady."
"Where was the commodore? What was his
position when you saw him?"
"On the platform outside the conning tower."
"Did he make any encouraging remarks on
that day to the officers of the ship that you
heard?"
"He said, 'Give them hell; bullies!' "
"Did he say that more than once?"
"Yes, sir; several times."
"Can you give us anyincident to show that
he was not laboring under Kreat mental ex
citement on that day?"
"When Ellis was killed another officer and
myself picked up his body and started to
threw lt overboard. The commodore said,
'Don't throw him overboard. Cover him up
with somethinfi:.' "
"nearer during the chase and at the surren
der."
Lieutenant Commander Sears was then ex
cused and Commander Mason was called as
the first new witness of the day. He detailed
the siege of Cienfuegos and also referred to
the blockade of Santiago. Raynor then asked
the witness how many times he had seen Com
modore Schley under fire, to which he replied:
"During all the engagements."
"What was his general conduct, manner and
bearing on these occasions?"
"Excellent In every particular. He was
calm, collected and brave."
Asked to give a brief account of the battle
of July 3, Commander Mason, after giving the
preliminaries, said:
"As soon as I reported the battery to Captain
Cook in the conning tower, I asked him If we
should commence firing. He replied: 'Fire as
soon as you are ready.' I immediately gave
the order to Lieutenant Simpson to fire as soon
as he could, giving him a range of 3500 yards.
I think the first gun was fired within five min
utes or very close to five minutes after the
first alarm. The rest of the battery took up
the fire at once and continued to fire on the
port bow until the ranges commenced to get
down to 1800 and 1600 yards. I asked Captain
Cook as to which way he was going round, lt
being necessary for me to know on account of
changing the battery below, shifting from one
side .to the other. He answered that he was go
ing .with port helm. I gave the necessary or
ders on deck and went below.
Position of the Enemy.
"As I arrived in the after cabin the after
five-Inch gun was fired for the last time on
the port side and the starboard gun took up
the fire immediately. The starboard battery
was then engaged for the rest of the action.
The range at the time we turned, as far as I
remember, waa about 1400 yards, although I
have a recollection of 1100 yards being sent to
me once. As to the position of . the enemy,
they were on the port bow outside of the har
bor when we made the turn with the port helm.
At the end of the turn they were on our star
board beam and quarter with one of them a
little ahead."
Raynor — What time was that when the Colon
ran ashore ?
"I took no time. I only saw by the report
that it was about 1:15 p. m."
"After the surrender was accomplished where
did the Brooklyn go?"
"When Captain Cook returned on board we
were sent to the eastward at once by the com
modore to intercept a Spanish man-of-war that
was reported first by the Resolute and then
by the Vixen."
"Did you intercept any Spanish man-of
war?"
"About dusk we met the Austrian cruiser
Maria Teresa."
"Was that the vessel you were ordered to In
tercept?"
"I Imagine that It was the vessel, because
we had some difficulty in distinguishing the
difference between the Austrian and Spanish
flags when they were not holding out straight,
so much so that the commanding officer of the
Austrian hoisted an international signal, 'We
are Austrians.' "
On cross-examination Commander Mason said
he had. not made the coal supply his especial
concern. He had not discussed the question
-with the commodore, nor had he had conversa
tions on any other official matters. He was
quite sure that the Brooklyn was not partic
ularly short of coal. After the turn of the
Brooklyn the lowest range was 2200 or 2400
yards.
Hanna asked about the Oregon in the chase.
The witness said that her course was about 500
yards from that of the Brooklyn and on the
Brooklyn's starboard quarter. The court asked
a number of questions before discharging the
witness. In reply to these Commander Mason
said that beyond sending men aloft and having
Captain McCalla go ashore no effort had been
made by tho flying squadron to determine
whether the Spaniards were in the harbor at
Cienfueg-os; that he knew of no American ships
being between the Brooklyn and the Spanish
ships when the Brooklyn was turning to star
board July 3; that when the Spanish fleet came
out of the harbor the Brooklyn was not In her
regular blockading position, which was- 6000
yards from the morro; that on the voyagre from
Cienfuegos to Santiago the fleet had been de
layed by the smaller vessels, especlaly the
Eagle, and but for these vessels better speed
could have been made; that he had observed
the bombardment of the. Colon, and from this
engagement had reached the conclusion that
the guns in the Spanish shore batteries were
of caliber not to exceed six or eight Inches.
The first witness at the afternoon session
was Lieutenant Edward McCauley Jr., who. as
an ensign on the Brooklyn during- the Cuban
campaign, served as Commodore Schley's sig
nal officer. He had a diary in which he had
made notes of the progress of events during
the war and frequently consulted it to refresh
his memory. He said that on May 23 the Brit
ish steamer Adula had reported that the Span
lards had left Santiago. He also spoke of th»
weather on the cruise from Cienfuegos to San
tiago, saying that it was bad. He gave a num
ber of 3ignala made from and to the Brooklyn
on the voyage, most of them relating to the
condition of the collier Merrimac, which was
somewhat disabled on May 26; also to the slow
speed of the smaller vessels. It was at 6 p. m.
on that date that the engines and valves of the
Merrimac became incapacitated.
The signal book of the Brooklyn, -when the
The committee on canons reported that lt
favored raising the age limit for ordination
of deaconesses to 30 years. A motion was
made to amend bo aa to fix the age limit at
25 years, as lt Is at present. The committee
was disposed to yield the point but the house
after tome discussion refused.
The report of the committee that deaconesses
be ordained at 20 years of age was then sub
mitted to the vote of the house and adopted.
The house then adjourned until 2:30 p .m.
A message was received from the House of
Bishops informing the deputies of their con
currence in message No. 60 of the deputies
for appointing a Joint commission to confer
with other religious bodies on the subject of
holy matrimony and divorce, and that the
Bishops had appointed as their part of the
commission the Blshopa of Albany and Mary
land and the Bishop Coadjutor of Rhode
Island.
The Rev. Dr. Davenport, from the committee
on canons, reported 'against concurrence with
the Bishops' message No. 22 and in lieu thereof
propoced the following:
"That title 2, canon 13, section 6, clause 5,
be amended bo as to read as foHows:
" 'On the formation of a missionary district
the Bishop consecrated or assigned thereto
shall for the administration of his jurisdic
tion select the constitution and canons of one
of the dioceses of this church, which shall re
main in force bo far as applicable to the cir
cumstances of such missionary district, except
eo far as altered by the Bishop and consrre
gation from time to time, with the approval
of the House of Bishops.' "
The house became tangled as to the proper
form of motion to non-concur with the House
of Blshopa and finally lt waa decided to vote
on a motion to concur. The motion was de
feated.
The motion prevailed by unanimous vote.
The Rev. Dr. Bccleston moved that the com
mittee be continued until the next conven
tion and tho report referred back to them.
The committee on preparing a standard Bible
asked leave to continue its work and report
at the next convention. Leave was so grunted.
The matter of courts of appeal was taken
up, the floor being accorded to the Rev. Dr.
Davenport of Tennessee, chairman of the com
mittee reporting on the matter. He felt that
the printed report of the committee would al
low the convention to either pass upon the
matter at once or continue the committee un
til tne next convention.
BEPOBT ON APPEAL COURTS.
The Rev. Dr. Egar accepted the suggestion
of Deputy Minders.
The report of the committee, with the ac
cepted changes, was ordered voted upon in the
afternoon-
The Rev. Dr. Egar, chairman of the com
mittee, moved to accept the amendment of the
previous speaker.
Deputy Minders of Long Island wanted a
transposition of words eo that the new dio
ceses might be formed with the consent of the
General Convention.
Deputy Brown of Iowa said the amendments
did not provide for the formation of a new
diocese partly out of a missionary district and
a diocese.
He moved to amend the report bo aa to cover
the case.
The committee on amendments asked that it
bo discharged from considering the change of
name of the church proposed by Deputy Hick
man. The request of the committee was
adopted after Dr. Huntington had stated that
the committee did not think it expedient to
make the change on the suggestion of a single
deputy.
The committee on amendments reported on
resolutions referred to it as to formation of
new dioceses and admission to union with the
convention, and the committee urged the adop
tion of the report.
my reference was from Cienfuegos to Santiago,
leaving out reference to the retrograde move- '
nient."
Hanna— I did not intend to leave that out at
all.
Kaynor— I know, but I want to bring It In
between Cienfuegos and the point you reached
south of Santiago before you started on the
retrograde movement. What were the cir
cumstances, if any, that impeded?
"Bad weather."
What was the condition of the Vixen and
Eagle and what effect did they have upon the
progress of the squadron?"
"The Eagle was unable to proceed on account
of the sea; unable to make her speed."
Judgre advocate— Did the Vixen delay the
squadron at all on that first passage?
"I think not, considering that we were run
ning slow for the Kaele. The Vixen was a"
very much better sea boat."
Hanna — One of the circumstances was the
condition of the coal supply of the Texas?
"1 said so."
"Did the Texas have coal enough to get to
Santiago?"
"Yes."
Raynor— Do you recollect an accident to the
Vixen on the voyage between Cienfuegos and
Santiago?" ,
"Yes. I think lt was at the time she sig
naled the blowing out of her gasket manhole
or something of that kind."
Sears Hakes Correction.
Lieutenant Commander Sears al3o made a
correction in his testimony for the purpose of
explaining the disposition of the colliers at
night while Commodore Schley was in charge
of the blockade of Santiago. He said these ves
sels .had been sent a distance out each night
and every night In different directions on ac
count of the fear of torpedo attacks. \
The Judge advocate then asked the following
question: "In regard to the conversation in
the wardroom ef the- Massachusetts, as alleged
on May 31, in order to refresh your memory in
regard to that matter, you are Informed that
Lieutenant Potts, Lieutenant Grant, Lieutenant
Glennon and Major Wood are supposed to have
been present and participated in that conver
sation?"
"1 do not recollect lt at all. It could not be
possible I said such a thing. They have mis
understood what I said. I was irritated at the
delay. In the wardroom something might have
been construed in that way. as statements often
are, but it is entirely impossible that I could
have said that. I was impatient, excited, per
haps, it being my first engagement, and I might
have made some remark. It is something some
one might have misunderstood," but that re
mark I never made."
"What do you mean by 'irritated at the de
lay?" "
"Delay of not going immediately into this
work."
"Explain what you mean by 'immediately?' "
Raynor — Just one moment. Does the state
of his irritation enter into this case? He said
he never had such a conversation. Suppose he
was irritated about it. Does that affect this
case?
Judge advocate— If the court please, it is not
the Irritation I am directing questions about,
but lt is the delay. He says he was Irritated
at the delay, I think it is fair to tell it, fair
to the applicant that he should state what de
lay he has referred to; whether it is the delay
on that particular day in going in, as we un
derstand there was a delay on that day, or
whether It is the general delay as compare!
with previous delays while the vessels were in
that vicinity.
Raynor— I do not object to that.
"As I recall, I was irritated at Captain Hig
ginson's request to delay the reconnolssance
until after the men's dinner. I remember that
very well."
The court questioned Commander Sears on
the points covered by his testimony of yester
day. He said In reply to these questions that
on the morning of July 3 the Brooklyn had be
gun turning to starboard immediately after
the engines were started; that the helm of the
Brooklyn had been put aport when the helm
of the Viscaya had been put aport,
"It was," he said, "a practically simulta
neous movement." He also said that when
he had said to Commodore Schley during the
battle that he thought the Brooklyn was about
its tactical diameter from the Viscaya he did
not mean that the distance was less than had
been reported by Yeoman Ellis. The tactical !
diameter of the Brooklyn had not then been j
determined and he had supposed it to be about
750 yards. The" Viscaya had been passed long
after the Brooklyn's turn and they ran along
together for some time. After the Colon had
passed the Viscaya she had outfooted the
Brooklyn and it was then that she was 12,000
yards from the Brooklyn, as indicated by the :
Btadlmeter, which the witness said he did not
consider an accurate instrument. After that
time the Colon, having exhausted her best coal,
lost her speed and the Brooklyn gained upon
her. Asked how much time had been consumed
In the Brooklyn's turn, Commander Sears said
that it seemed %-ery short to him. It might have
been fifteen or twenty minutes.
The last of the court's question was concern
ing the -relative positions of the Brooklyn and
Oregon during the chase of the Spanish ships.
The Oregon was never, he said, so near the
Viscaya as was the Brooklyn, but might have
been near the Oquendo. "We were always
nearer the Colon during- the chase," he said.
report of the committee on amendments to the
constitution providing for the election of a pre
siding Bishop of the church, to hold office for
three years. The resolution of Dr. Huntington
that the report be adopted was put to a vote
and carried.
"Were you present when Ellis was killed?"
"Yes, sir." . • . .
* "How near, was Ellis to the commodore when
he was killed and to you?"
"He was standing right next to me. He
was about fifteen feet from the commodore.
I should think."
Lieutenant McCauley described the incidents
of the battle of July 3, saying that he had
"on his own hook" hoisted the signal, \u25a0 "Clear
the ship for action," and that when he had
reported this action to the commodore the lat
ter had told him to hoist "Close up."
Recurring . to the bombardment of the Colon
May 31 . the witness said that Commodore
Schley' s bearing on that occasion had not
been' different from what it had been on other
occasions.
Signal to the Oregon.
The cross-examination was ' conducted by
Hanna, who questioned the witness in detail
concerning the sisnal to the . Oregon to use
her 13-inch ' *runs, asking the witness why he
remembered it especially.
"Because I sent it myself," was the reply.
"Did you also send the others on which you
have refreshed your memory by referring to
your book?"
The witness said that he had made them. He
did not recall that the Oregon" had made any
response to the signal to j that vessel: Hanna
also called attention to an entry in the signal
books at the Brooklyn and the St. Paul of a
message for Admiral Sampson. It appeared
that as read by the St. Paul the signal was
as follows:
"If Samnson comes here tell him that half
the sauadron is out of coal and that the en
gine of the collier Is broken down."
Upon reading the entry of this signal Lieu
tenant McCauley said that lt ran: "If Sampson
comes here tell him half of the squadron la
short of coal." He said, however, that the
word "short" was very Indistinct. The signal
to "close up" had, the witness said, remained
flying "until we discovered the Oregon on our
quarter." Several of the ships had their an
swering pennants flying; \u25a0 he remembered es
pecially that the Oregon had been among the
ships which had made no response.
Lieutenant McCauley was then excused and
Lieutenant Charles Webster was called. He
said he had been a watch officer on the Brook
lyn during the campaign of 1898 and began his
testimony by describing the blockade off Cien
fuegos. He thought the distance out at, night
was seven or eight miles, with picket 'boats
inside the line. The sea was moderate, he
said, between Cienfuegos and Sanitago on the
occasion of the flying squadron's voyage, mak
ing rough weather for the smaller vessels. The
custom at Santiago was to lie off the port four
or five miles during the day. The vessels
steamed back and forth at night about the same
distance out. Asked If he had seen any suspi
cious movements on shore at Santiago during
the evening of July 2, the witness replied:
"I remained on deck on July 2, and saw col
umns of smoke rising and apparently moving
as though vessels were steaming in the harbor.
Also in my watch I remember the burning. of
blockhouses to the westward of Santiago,
which I reported to the commanding officer."
"What was the conduct and bearing of Com
modore Schley in the different engagements
and on July 3?"
"I never saw Commodore Schley during the,
fight. I saw him, immediately after the battle
of July 3 and he was perfectly cool and con
tained."
Lieutenant Webster gave a brief account of
the battle of July 3. He "said that when the
signal was given to clear ship for action he
had run forward, having charge of the for
ward gun deck battery. He had then seen the
Texas and the Iowa a little abaft the Brook
lyn's beam. When the engines were started
the Brooklyn had headed directly toward the
harbor, the helm being changed frequently
until after firing was begun, when the helm
was put hard aport. He estimated that the
enemy's vessels were WOO to 1600 yards distant
when the Brooklyn began its turn and that
after the loop was completed it was 2300 yards,
increasing to 2S0O yards when the Vlscaya
turned In.
Speaking of the bombardment of the Colon,
May 31. the witness said he had observed it
from the Brooklyn and that while he had
noticed that the first shots fell short he had
seen one later which he thought had fallen
under the Colon's counter. He had got the
impression from this engagement that the shore
batteries \u25a0were stronger than they had pre
viously been supposed to be. He thought after
that time that those batteries were manned
with S-inch suns.
On cross-examination Captain Lemly had the
witness read from the log of the Brooklyn an
entry to the effect that the Brooklyn had
steamed out at night. The Judge advocate
asked only a few questions on his own ac
count, but put two or three at the instance, of
the court, as follows: '_ --
"When the flying squadron was bldckading
Cienfuegos did the column of vessels at night
keep on a line nearly perpendicular to the shore
line or on a line nearly parallel to the shore
line?"
"My recollection is .'that the line was per
pendicular to the'shore line."
"How did the Spanish ships bear from the
Brooklyn when the Brooklyn's helm' was put
hard aport July 3?"
'"It seems to me the Teresa, was nearly broad
on the port bow, the Viscaya perhaps three
points on the port bow. The helm had been
eased aport before that so it had changed their
bearings. It was hard to tell at the beginning
of the turn how they bore."
"What were the relative positions of the
Brooklyn and Colon when the Colon passed the
Viscaya? How was the Brooklyn heading at
this time?"
"The Colon passed inside the Viscaya at a
distance of about 2000 yards, so at that time
her range would have probably been 45G0 yards.
She bore the same bearing as the Colon at
that time, forward of the starboard beam,
about ten points. The Brooklyn was heading
probably nearly west."
The court adjourned until to-morrow.
Schley court of inquiry for
the entire day. The proceedings began
with the recall of Captain Cook and Lieu
tenant Commander Sears, both of whom
made material additions to their former
testimony, and they were followed in suc
cession by Commander N. E. Mason, who
was the executive officer of the Brooklyn;
Lieutenant Edward McCauley Jr.. who
v.-as signal officer, and Lieutenant Charles
"Webster, who had charge of the forward
jn deck battery of the Brooklyn during
the battle off Santiago and was a watch
officer en board that ship.
Captain Cook's new testimony related
to the uncoupling of the Brooklyn's en
gines and to the voyage of the flying
squadron from Cienfuegos to Santiago,
explaining: in some detail the cause of the
slow progress made on that occasion.
Commander Sears spoke again of the
conversation reported as having taken
p:ace between himself and officers of the
J.i&ssachusetts in the wardroom of that
vessel on May 31, in which he wa.s alleged
to have said that it had been difficult to
get Commodore Schley up to the point
of undertaking the bombardment of the
Colon, and he again denied that he had
said anything reflecting upon his superior
officer.
Commander Mason and Lieutenants Mc-
Cauley and "Webster all gave accounts of
the eneagrement of July 2. McCa-uley re
cited in detail the signals made in con
r-ection with that historical event at the
Instance of Commodore Schley. AH these
witnesses testified that the conduct of
the commodore when under fire was cool
and courageous.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— The
officers of Admiral Schley's
flagship, the Brooklyn, occu
pied the attention of the
Signals lhat Passed Between Warships During the
Famous Fight Off Santiago Explained to
the Court of Inquiry.
BROOKLYN'S OFFICERS GIVE PRAISE
TO 5CHLEY FOR COOLNES5 IN BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
5
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
&ht- Wharf, San Francisco:
»»fe?!8^; For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
agp^Jg^a- Oct. 3, S, 13, IS. 23. 2S. Nov. 2.
) iwTlsHfteSKSl Change to company's steamers
s&if^^Lflilai For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
' ; *^BSkbKJW C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett and New
"Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28, Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct
4, 9. 14, 19. 24, 29, Nov. 3. ,
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Rendondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling a$ Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme, East San Pedro and San Pedro
— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 11 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
• For further information. obtain the company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of Balling,
without prevous notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. /?. & AT. CO,
Only Steamship Iiine to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all pail op steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH »nd M2AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15, 23, Nov. 4. 14. 31
SS GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Oct. 20, 30, Nov. 9, 19/29
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt.l Montgm'y, S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brar.nan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October-23, 1901
PS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November IS, 1901
SS. .NIPPON MARU
.... Wednesday, December 11, 1901.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, . Pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 181 PERU .Nov. 9
LOA ..Oct. 26|PALENA- Nov. 23
These steamers are. built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
' and ' passenger office, 316 1 California street. -
BALFOUR. GUTHKIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
ADTESTISElTTSIiTS.
LITTLE ONES LOYE IT.
Malt Breakfast Food
Has Become a Friend Witli
Little flrildren.
Malt Breakfast FooS. ha* become the
popular food -with children. The little
ones love it because it is delicious and
palatable, and the mothers note with
pleasure Its health-giving; effects. Malt
Breakfast Food keeps growing children
in perfect health, fully nourished, happy
and cheerfuL Thousands of little ones
now use it for supper as well as for
breakfast Malt Breakfast Food is es-
pecially recommended for young children
after v/eaning-; mothers have found it of
irreat value at this stage of the child's
life. Halt Breakfast Food is the ideal
nourishing food for children beginning to
Hse solid food. Able physicians prescribe
U ae the safest and beet Get It from
b*ur tracer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
Of TOBZ. SOUTHAMPTON. 10ND0IT. PAB3&
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 Philadelphia ...Nov. IS
St. Paul Oct. 30 St. Paul Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. XI
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 23fSouthwark Nov 13
•Zeeland Oct. 30 'Vaderland Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6lHaverford Nov. XI
•Stopping at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery it.
uceanicys.to, D^ss
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct. 24. 10a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for TahiU
Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
5. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
' ...Saturday. Nov. 2, 2 p. ra.
J. D.SPHECKELS & BROS. CO., ianarai Agents, 327 Karksi St
een'l Fasssngsr OSes, 643 Harkst St., Pier Ko. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R, R.r N f
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 2!
6. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Oct. 23
S. S. Argyll sails
From Howard-street \u25a0Wharf at t p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. S30 Market st-
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAGNI3 GENEKALB TSANSATLA5TIQTTB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4gffrjf»
Saturday, at 10 a, m., from pier 42. \u25a0THiMlililfc
North River, foot of Morton- street.
. First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agrents.
1
BAY ANT> RIVKtt STEA2CEBS.
inTTNAvTYARD AND YALLEJO
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
9:43 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8, p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. - Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters'
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKA-
* tor and Nervine. . •
The -most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits. '
NABER. ALFS &.BRCNE, Agents.
323 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
WeeHy Can $1.00 DBTYeai
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
(PE-RU-NA MADE A NEW MAN OF HI,)
I I Hon. W. P. "Wand, Bond Clerk United States Custom House, In
III a recent letter from 1434 •Leavenworth street. San Francisco, Cal.,
/ II \u25a0writes as follows: t
I It The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, 0.:
I Gentlemen: "It affords me great pleasure to
*** '-^- recommend Peruna to all my friends and to all who may
read this who may be suffering from that dread disease, catarrh of
the stomach. I have suffered from it frightfully. / tried all sorts
of medicine but derived no benefit from any. At last a Deputy Col-
lector of the Port, who had obtained great benefit from the use of
Peruna, advised me to try it I did so and felt good effects from
the start I have taken so far four bottles and it has done me good.
I feel like a new man and enjoy, life now, something that I have not
done before for months." — IV. P. WAND.
CATARKH of the stomach Is one Mrs. Catherine. R. Bertos, Rec. Sec.
of the most common diseases of Camp No. 1, Patriotic Order of America :
modern times. This disease is writes from 803 A*. Elm street, Centralia,
Eg2£5r££s££ i saur? '%MM ass
by dieting or using some one of the many suffered for years with catarrh of the
pills and powders recommended for this stomach, which became aggravated every
affection. After that generally a doctor time I caught a slight cold. My food did
is consulted. The stomach is oscultated, n £t digest properly and life lost its best
+V. II.,.. +1,,,™^=,* .,»,.* +>,« Mo _ a \u25a0p-,-*--,,-.! charm until I tried Peruna. It made a
the liver thumped and the blame fastened _ pw wom . n nf _,_ lt tnn^ p w ht Kr^ti<.«
upon some one of the digestive organs. to^ffect^? conrnfete cure but I Itfd
Many of these people go the rounds 5,°* £f ?« m SL f«i^. V.«^hui« £S o
from doctor to doctor without receiving I ?£* 6 former coadition for a
any benefit. Sooner or later they are tno " san a dollars,
bound to hear of Peruna. i ! "I am most grateful for being cured
It would not be possible to find any completely and feel better than I have
town or city in this country where some I for years. —Catherine R. Bertos.
one could not be found who has been f Congressman "Willis Br2wer.
cured of catarrh of the stomach by Pe- 1 ,_ _,!:,„ „ . „ _,,,.,
runa. Once cured, these people continue Hon. Willis Brewer of Hayneville, Ala.,
to recommend Peruna as long as they In a recent letter says:
llv in this way the dyspepsia victim is sure | "ffannad one bottle of Peruna
to hear of Peruna. The news of Perunas TOP laSSliude and I take pleas-
SSETJfo h P a^ d us a eT^f a^ h d e SS^bJSX ore in recommending it to those who
cu / ed .; wh i ch ls ,, a + thousand times more need a good remedy. As a tonic it
effective than all the advertisements in . »# . « ,i .... •
the world. Having heard that Peruna IS excellent In the short time I
cured some one else, he tries It. His ex- L nua ..-«>// // Pannnrt hno rfnna ma n
periment almost invariably ends in com- nave "SOO IT reruna nas done me a
piete cure. great deal of good." — Willis Brewer.
What the doctor has called dyspepsia •* "*
or liver complaint or indigestion was ca- If you do not derive prompt and satis-
tarrh of the stomach a~ the while. All factory results from the use of Peruna
that the patient needed was a remedy write at once to r>r. Hartman, giving a
that would cure catarrh wherever located, full statement of your case, and he will
This Is the sort of a remedy that Pe- be pleased to give you his valuable advice
runa is. Peruna cures catarrh by remov- gratis.
ing the cause, when the symptoms all dis- Address Dt. Hartman. President of Tho
appear. Peruna's cures are permanent. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Free to Weak Men!
ARE YOU A WEAKLING? Are you one^of those un-
fortunate young men who, through ignorance and
bad company, have contracted nervous spells, weak
back, varicocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and
ambition, loss of confidence, bashfulrress, despondency*
and weakness? Dr. M.Laughlin's Electric Belt will
cure you.
Are you a middle-aged man suffering from Varicocele,
Prematureness, Indigestion,' Constipation, Rheumatism,
Lame Back, etc.? Dr. M:Laughlin's Electric Belt will
cure you.
Are you an old man, declining before your time, haw-
Ing lost all ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble,
Lost Strength, Debility, Pains and Aches and general
decay of Organic Powers? I can cure you with Dr. Mc-
Laughlin's Electric B?lt with free suspensory for weak
men. ]\u25a0]•]
1 will send you, sealed, free, my beautiful book telling ,
about it If you will send this ad. Send for it to-day.
dr. . M. c. Mclaughlin, 702 Ullli 6 " nv
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.THURSDAY .......OCTOBER 17. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
I Ittni 1 All Commnnicaticni ta W. 8. LEASE, Eiugif.
HAJfAGEU'S OFFICE....... .Telephone Press 204
PBBLICATIOJr OFFICE... Market and Third, 8. P.
Telephone Preu 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
\u25a0</* Telephone PreM 202. •-
Delivered l»y Carriers. IB Cents Per Wee*.
:; • Single Copies. S Cents.
.\u25a0'./\u25a0 Terms by BIa.II* Including Postages
DAXLT CALL (Including Bandar), one rear .)f.M
DxrLT CAUL, (ineludlnr Bandar). * months I. M
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday), t x.-antba 1163
DAILY CALL— By 8icrle Month Mo
ECKDAT CALL. One Tear. 1.80
WEEKLT CALX* Ona Tear l.M
All postmasters are authorized to recelr*
subscriptions. . : . , \u25a0
.': Baaspl* eoplea will ba forwarded when requested.
•tall \u25a0absertbtra in ordering change of addren should be
PftttlenUr to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure * prompt and correct compliance- with their requeit
O A ffTL.il ?fD OFFICE ....1118 Broadwar
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
XtB&gtt Foreign Advertising, Margnette Building, Chioigt.
CLenr I>lstaxice Telephone "Central 2C3.">
; NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX. . . Herald Square
SEW i TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEX B. SMITH... 30 Tribune Building-
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Kcwi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HcteL
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140G G St.. Jf. W.
MORTON' IS. CK AXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'cloclc 615 Larkln, op«n until
1:30 o'clock. 1541 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until I o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
£260 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
PROMINENT CITIZENS OF THIS STATE WHO WILL TAKE AN ACTIVE
PART IN THE ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE CALIFORNIA MIN
ERS' ASSOCIATION WHICH OPENS NEXT MONDAY
An English nobleman arrived in- New York a few
days ago on a tramp steamer. The gentleman should
not have so unnecessarily advertised himself. .
A Chicago man wants to pay the city 'of Genoa
$30,000 for. a. famous violin. The offer was refused,
and forever we will be left in doubt as to what the
gentleman would have done with the instrument if he
had secured it.
From the showing that has been made in the
Schley inquiry of the unreliability of naval logs and
naval charts it is evident the things landsmen have
been telling to the marines are nothing in compari
son to what the marines tell one another.
It is said on authority unofficial but reliable that
England will grant all our demands in reference to a
Nicaragua canal. This is very kind of her, and indi
cates, that she; has judgment enough to' surrender
gracefully and without delay what .later she would
have to give at whatever cost to herself. '
The meaning of the word "humph" wai
recently the subject of judicial decision ir
the Irish Court of Appeal. Justice Mad
den and Justice Boyd held that "humph,"
as used by Sir "Walter Sco.tt and Miss Aus
ten in their novels, was an expression oi
dissent, while the Lord Chief Justice and
Justice Burton inclined to the conclusior
that "humph" only meant a "dissatisfied
condition of the mind." The Court of Ap
peal has now decided that the word is "ar
expression of doubt or dissatisfaction,'
or, as Lord Justice Walker put it, in th<
words of the "Century Dictionary," "a
grunt of dissatisfaction."
"Humph."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1G.— Arrivals at th<
New Wlllard — A. J. Dongel of San Fran
cisco ; at the Raleigh— A. H. Naf tzger oi
Los Angeles, W. H. Hough and wife oi
California, Miss Lizzie McCorkell ant
Miss E. L. McCorkell of San Francisco; a
the Ebbltt— R. Finking' and wife of Sai
Francisco; at the Shoreham— B. F. Bar
bour of San Francisco.
Californlans in "Washington.
'During the recent races for the America's cup three
systems of wireless telegraphy were used in making
reports, but, an expert from the Navy Department
who was detailed to note their comparative values
found that when the three systems were being
worked at the same time it was impossible to read
the messages of either of them. The. operators were
finally forced to divide time so that no two were in
operation simultaneously. Unless such interference
can be prevented there will be complications in the
future, for, should the ships of one country be signal
ing by one system and the ships of another country
begin with a different system neither signal could be
understood. It is a case where too many cooks
would not merely spoil the broth but spill it.
FROM the tenor of the speeches made at the
National Rivers and Harbors Congress, re
cently in session at Baltimore, it is evident that
some at least of the influential people of this
country have become convinced it is high time for
our Government to undertake the work of river and
harbor improvement according to a rational system
instead of leaving it to the hazard of log-rolling in
Congress. The Government has never been extrava
gant in the amount of money expended for such im
provements when considered as a whole, but it "has
every year wasted ironey by making expenditures
where they are of no value to commerce, while leav
ing unimproved many points upon which millions
might have been economically invested.
In .an address before the congress Chairman Bur
ton of the. House Committee on Rivers and Harbors
pointed out that during the four years from 1897 to
1901 the amounts appropriated for rivers and har
bors, including continuing contract appropriations,
were in the aggregate only $63,069,717. That sum is
certainly not excessive when the extent of our rivers
and harbors is taken into consideration. In fact, as
Mr. Burton said, it is but a fourth of the amount
appropriated during the same period for one arm of
the .military service.
Mr. Burton's plea was for liberality in appropriat
ing money for such improvements, but the liberality,
as he went on to say, should be exercised with dis
crimination. We should not scatter the money ac
cording to the demands of Congressmen striving
each to get an appropriation for his district, but it
should be applied where.it would be of use to the
nation as a whole. Mr. Burton laid down a good
rule on the subject in saving: "In view of the neces
sary limitations in the amounts appropriated in river
and harbor acts, and the pressing need for deeper
channels and improved facilities along established
lines of traffic, it is better to appropriate for localities
where .traffic is already established than where it is
uncertain or problematical. It is more business
like to finish one and obtain results from it than to
make piecemeal appropriations upon all."
A similar solution for the problem was offered by*
Mr. Schermerhorn of the Philadelphia Board • of
Trade, who,' in describing an "ideal river and harbor
bill," said: "It would provide for a careful classifi
cation of these improvements in the order of their
relative importance to the interests of the country
from the broadest and most comprehensive stand
point. It would provide for the rapid and system
atic improvement of these works in the order of their
OUR RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Robert Robertson of Santa Cruz is at
the Palace.
Colonel W. M. Branhall of Santa Cruz
is at the Grand.
S. A. Mackintosh, a mining man of
Chlco, is at the Grand. _^-
Alec Brown of the State Board of
Equalization is at the Lick.
A. W. Matby, a banker of Concord, is
among the arrivals at the Lick.
N. E. Deyoe, a furniture dealer of
Modesto, is staying at the Lick.*
C. Busjager, ' a prominent merchant of
Mexico, is in the city on business and 13
at the California.
General O. O. Howard, U. S. A., retired,
arrived yesterday from Vermont and is a
guest at the California.
Sam Thall, brother of the late Mark
Thall, arrived here yesterday and is
staying at the California.
Ex-Congressman Tom Geary of Santa
Rosa returned yesterday from Nome and
Is spending a few days at the Lick.
H. F. Ells, an extensive manufacturer
of hats in Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
John A. Black, an attorney of Tucson,
is spending a few days at the Palace.
The Buffalo Pan-American has fallen short of the
attendance that was expected by its supporters, but
as it has been visited so far by upward of 7,000,000
visitors, it seems to have done very well, considering
the mildness of its midwav.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HALF DIME— S. N. E.. City. No pre
mium is offered for half dimes coined aft
er 1846.
CRIBBAGE— A Subscriber, City. As It
Is impossible to have five fives or any five
cards of one denomination In the game
of cribbage, this department cannot an
swer the Question asked.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Wife— Here's an advertisement In the
paper that you'd better look Into. It says
a man is wanted, and he won't be worked
to death, and he'll get enough to live on.
Husband— Says he won't be worked to
death, eh?
"Yes; and they promise pay enough to
live on."
"Huh! Some catch about that!"— New
York "Weekly.
of the proposed restraining dam on the
Yuba River. Since suit has been begun in
the United States Circuit Court to enforce
the option given by O'Brien to the Gov
ernment, as represented by the Debris
Commission, there has been no abandon
ment of the original desire to have the
relations of the miners to the dam talked
over thoroughly.
made to insure the construction of the
dam. There may be other debates, but
the one concerning the dam Is expected to
overshadow them all In Immediate Inter
est. The condition of legislation will be
the subject* of one report. Officers are to
be elected for the year ensuing. Presi
dent Voorheis will probably suggest that
the scope of the association shall be
broadened.
egates will be present at the an
nual convention of the California Min
ers' \u25a0 Association, which will open in
Golden Gate Hall next Monday morn-
Ind and will continue in session three
days. Placer County will send down
eighty delegates, Shasta 100. Nevada fifty,
Calavcras forty-four, Amador twenty
seven, Yuba fourteen, Sierra twenty-four,
Tuolumne ten and Alameda .twenty. Five
delegates will represent each of the coun
ties of San Bernardino. Fresno, Marin,
San Luis Oblspo, Solano and Kern. The
two organizations of the petroleum
miners of the State will be represented.
The Chambers cf Commerce of San Fran
cisco and Sacramento have elected five
delegates each. The reports are very in
complete.
Delegates are yet to be named by the
counties of Butte, Santa Clara, San
Diego, Inyo, El Dorada, Mariposa, San
Benlto, Sonoma. Trinity, Slskiyou and
Madera. Some of the Boards of Trade
and Chambers of Commerce have not re
ported. It is arranged that there will be
PERSONAL MENTION.
SECRETARY E. H. BENJAMIN has
received returns from the mining
counties of the State sufficient to
warrant the conclusion that 503 del-
The Junior Order of American Mechanics has
passed this action: "Resolved, That we will not pur
chase, read or advertise in the New York Journal,
and we call on our friends to do likewise, as an ex
pression of. our contempt for Hearst, the miserable
owner and editor of that dirty, filthy sheet."
That is a bit emphatic, but the action has been fol
lowed by "The Woodmen of the World," one of the
largest beneficial orders in this country. All of these
seem to have seen through Mr. Hearst's disguise as
the guardian and defender of the American home and
American youth. He puts himself forward. as a
• benevolent benefactor, a beaming, blooming play
mate of the girls and boys, but their parents are call
ing them into the house and shutting the door in his
face. The wolf invites the lamb to promenade, but
the lamb declines.
The Bishops of the Episcopal church have quite
generaily sounded the note of alarm against that yel
low journalism. One says, "It stands for the corrup
tion of public morals and the debauchery of political
honor"; another, "It is the duty of the church to
emphasize in every possible way the great harm done
by such journalism to law and public morals"; an
other, that "its effect is bad and pernicious, and for
the future of the country means greater wrong un
less promptly checked and suppressed"; another,
that "it is perilous and demoralizing to sound public
policy"; another, that "it is the firebrand of
the age. Its suppression is vital to the in
terests of stable government"; another, that "it
subverts truth and presents an unreal picture
of society." Others of these eminent Bishops say
that Hearst's style of journalism "is a disgrace to the
country, a moral, social and political injury"; that
"it is repugnant to the minds of right feeling persons,
panders to the passions of the unthinking and incites
to deeds of wrong"; "it is selfish in purpose and de
moralizing in effect"; ''public morality demands that
no half-way steps be taken to check its blighting in
fluence"; "measures should be taken by every
righteously minded citizen to suppress it for all
time"; "its malignant sentiments have wrought a
world of injury."
These are but a small part of the expressions of
these eminent churchmen upon the character of
Hearst's papers, and incidentally of himself as the
protector of American mothers and children. The
outspoken country* press holds to the same view, and
pages of its expressions are condensed in this, from
the Advertiser^ of Elmira, N. Y.: "The first essen
tial is to be sure that the educators are of the right
order. At the mother's knee comes the first lesson.
Let the yellow journal be excluded from the home.
Teach the boys and girls to be true. Pure reading
and clean speech will help to make pure hearts and
clean lives."
IX the proclamation declarative of their guardian
ship of the American people the Hearst papers
assured the mothers of the country of their pro
lection and took their children in charge to be
brought up in the way they should go, so that when
they get old they will not depart therefrom.
To this magnanimous offer there has not been a
general response accepting Mr. Hearst in loco pa
rentis. The Young Men's Christian Associations
all over the country, which are supposed, to speak
somewhat definitely for American homes and . the
young therein, have excluded all of his papers and
branded them as injurious to the public order, peace
and morality. The clergy of the country of all de
nominations 2re supposed to have a keen interest in
the children of the people, and they have expressed
the liveliest solicitude that the young be protected
against the contamination of Hearst's style of jour
nalism.
DETECTED IN DISGUISE.
DISPATCHES from London announce that the
Constantinople correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph reports it is believed in the Turk
ish capital that the United States* Government will in
sist that Turkey shall repay whatever amount is found
necessary to ransoni Miss Stone. Another telegram
from "Constantinople is to the effect that the Russian
Government has expressed a desire to assist the
United States in rescuing the abducted missionary.
The reports of course cannot be regarded as abso
lutely reliable, but they open up an interesting phase
of the situation.
The men who captured Miss Stone and her com
panion and who have demanded for their release such
a high ransoni may be no more than Bulgarian ban
dits, and should such prove to be the case it is. not
likely any international complications will ensue.
There have been, however, many evidences tending
to confirm the report that the bandits are acting in
connection with the "Macedonian committee," a set
of men who for years past have been trying'to raise
a war in the Balkans in the expectation that it would
result in a further^ dismemberment of the Turkish
empire. The committee is avowedly -revolutionary,
and no one suspects it of being overscrupulous in
the means it employs to obtain money or to incite
strife. It is therefore not altogether improbable that
the committee may have had something to do with
the bandits who have so securely hidden Miss Stone
in the recesses of the mountains.
Should the developments of the case prove com
plicity on the part of the Macedonian committee
there would then be cause of a genuine international
complication, for it is well known the committee has
direct dealings with the Russian Government. "In"
fact, it is generally believed in Europe that the real
headquarters of the committee is at St. Petersburg,
that its members arc in the pay of the Czar, and that
its activities are designed more for the purpose of
giving Russia an excuse for interfering in Turkey
than for anything else. It will be seen that if this
theory be true Russia might well afford to be prompt
in offering aid to the United States. Her Govern
ment could with little trouble bring sufficient pres
sure to bear upon the Macedonian committee to force
it to surrender -Miss Stone even without a ransom,
and it would be to her advantage to do so, for she
could thus display herself before the world as the pro
tector of Christians in the Turkish empire.
Of course too much credit is not to be given to any
of these reports. The entire population of the Balkan
Peninsula appears to be involved in a network of
conspiracies of one kind or another. Between revo
lutionists and bandits there is probably not much dif
ference. The very man who is conspiring for liberty
and religion to-day may be conspiring for robbery
and loot to-morrow. The men who are carrying on
political intrigues are doubtless*, in many instances
the same who are acting as the leaders of brigands
and bdndits.
In the. meantime the Turkish Government is in a
bad fix. The bandits have given notice that if they
are pursued by i troops they will kill the women.
Thus if the Sultan be vigorous he may lead to the
death of the unfortunate captives, while if he neglects
to exert the utmost energy he will naturally be held
responsible for the success of the robbers. ,He will
have, however, little sympathy. More and more it
is becoming evident that a strong government is
needed in. the Balkans to keep the peace, and it is
clear the Turk will never again be in a position to
exert that power.
THE CASE OF MISS STONE.
In a recent desperate feud between fighting Ken
tucky families four men were killed and five, were
dangerously wounded. The most pleasant feature of
the interesting affair was that no non-combatant was
injured and the tone of the population has been meas
urably improved.
WHILE it is inevitable that in the present
municipal contest the public will be inter
ested mainly in the struggle for the May
oralty, it will not be overlooked by intelligent voters
that the election of a good Board of Supervisors i3
not less important than the election of the best man
to the Mayoralty. It is to the Supervisors we must
look for the ordinances by which the city is to be
governed, and past experience has amply proven
that corruption in the board is about as disastrous as
it could be in the Mayor's office.
.It should not be difficult for good citizens to make
choice of which ticket of Supervisors to vote for.
As has been pointed out in The Call, there are good
elements and there are bad elements on each ticket,
but there is this notable difference between the nomi
nees for Supervisors by .the two regular parties — on
the Democratic ticket there is a maximum of good
elements and a minimum of bad, while on the ticket
that has been put forward by a set of scheming
bosses under the Republican name there is a maxi
mum of bad elements and a minimum of good N
The contrast between the personal character of the
two tickets is in itself sufficient to lead all citizens
who have a high regard for the welfare of the city
to vote for the Democratic Supervisors, but there is
a further factor of importance that must be taken into
consideration. The Republican candidates for Super
visor were nominated by v a clique of political bosses
who are in close relations with certain corporations
to whom Supervisors can render favors. The candi
dates, therefore, were in advance of their nomination
pledged to the corporations. If elected they will enter
office not to serve the city but to serve the corpora
tions, who wish to make money out of the city.
It is to be noted, further, that had the corporations
desired to. obtain from the Supervisors nothing but
what honest and upright citizens would be willing to
grant, it would not have been difficult for them to
get good men to accept the nominations. The very
fact that they nominated so many unfit men for the
position of Supervisor is itself an evidence that their
schemes are as bad as the men they have selected to
carry them out.
The Democratic nominees have been tried in office.
Their proceedings in the past have not been always
approved by all citizens, but there has been no ugly
scandal arising from any of their actions. The record
of the board has, in fact, been one of which the mem
bers may be justly proud. The Call is not a supporter
of.the Democratic party, nor of the Democratic ad
ministration of the city, nevertheless it quite willingly
bears witness to the excellence of the service which
this Democratic board has rendered the community.
Under any circumstances such men might with jus
tice appeal to their fellow citizens for approval and
indorsement, but in this case the appeal is made with
double force because to reject these men who have
been faithful in office for the sake of electing a set
of pledged henchmen of corporations and political
bosses would be on the part of the voters themselves
a repudiation of good government.
It will of course be difficult for stanch Repub
licans to break away from their party, and The Call
fully understands and sympathizes with the feeling
of party loyalty which creates the difficulty. In this
case, however, the issue should not be considered a
partisan one. The men who controlled the Repub
lican convention did not represent ' Republicanism,
neither did they care anything about it. Their sole
object was to get possession of the city government,
through the Board of -Supervisors, so that they
might use it for their own purposes. Republicans,
therefore, can do no better service to their party
than to repudiate these candidates of the bosses.
Should the corporation candidates for Supervisor be
elected the Republican party would be held respon
sible for their actions, good, bad and indifferent.
Sound Republicanism, therefore, as well as good
citizenship, requires the defeat of the corporation
ticket. No loyal Republican will consent to make the
party responsible for such a gang.
SELECTION OF SUPERVISORS.
Some carefully considered systematic programme
of; river and harbor work such as was suggested by
the Baltimore congress would doubtless have the ap
proval of the great mass of the American people. It
would, however, have the antagonism of Congress
men seeking appropriations for the creeks of their
districts, and its adoption by Congress could not be
obtained without a long preliminary campaign of
education. In the end, however, something of that
kind must be done. The steamships of our time are
rapidly increasing in size. They are already so large
that comparatively few harbors are deep enough to
receive them. Harbor improvement, therefore, is
enforced upon all the great commercial nations of
the globe.
Experience has proven that in the economy of our
time it is cheaper to fit the harbor to the big ship
than to use small vessels that are fitted for shallow
harbors. It was estimated by one speaker at the
congress, Mr. Lincoln of Boston, that the saving in
ocean freights to the American people by reason of
the increased tonnage of ships lias amounted in the
last twenty years to upward of $300,000,000. That
sum will go far to repay all the harbor improvements
we need for many years. Therefore the fight for
systematic river and harbor improvement ought to
begin at once and be prosecuted vigorously.
importance and need, with due regard to the subor
dinate development and improvement of secondary
or minor waterways."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
FIVE HUNDRED MINERS PLAN
TO ATTEND STATE CONVENTION
two sessions of .the convention on Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday. The first
session will be held at 10 a. m. Monday.
Governor Gage -will deliver the address of
welcome to the delegates. President Voor
hels, Secretary E. H. Benjamin and sev
eral committees will submit reports of in
terest. W. C. Ralston, ex-president of
the association, has a report treating par
ticularly with the questions arising out
The understanding Is that Mr. Ralston
will reiterate practically what he has said
before on that much debated topic. The
Debris Commission will be represented at
the convention by three delegates and it
Is entirely in the range of possibilities that
some questions will be asked to bring out
the amount of benefit that the dam will
be to the miners, who were principally
instrumental in having the appropriation
6
Grand Op»ra -house— Benefit of Charity Fund of the Asso-
ciated Theatrical Managers this afternoon.
Alcaiar — "The Girl In the Barracks."
Columbia — "Klorodora."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
California— "Rudolph and Adolph."
Tlvoll— ••Ernani."
Grand Opera-house — "The Little Minister."
Chutes, Zoo aDd Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Alhambra — Royal Italian Band.
Hiire Theater— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Sutro Eaths— Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
By Occidental Hcrse Exchange— This day, carload of Horses,
et 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c s
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market 1 street. Palace Hotel building*
Drunkenness and all drug habits cur
at Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1S39 Polk.
CaL Glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hot'
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Towns«nd.
-
I Remarkable Confes- §
Isions of Mrs. Leonora 1 "
a H :
E. Piper. I
The world's most famous trance medium. 1 j
The most startling admissions since the I
exposure of the Fox Sitters. | j
I The Tempting of 9
Count Divizza. I
PJ In which a San Francisco society r3
|| woman is concerned. !<3
PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST STORIES ... 12 fiEVANSTON, 111., Oct. 16.— The Rev.
George T. Hovey, accused of misappro
priating funds of the American Home
Finding Association, was acquitted here
today by the committee of fifteen of the
Methodist Rock River Conference.
Acquitted by Methodist Committee.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— The Lemberg papers
report bread riota at Taraskov, Eastern
Russia, says the Vienna correspondent of
the Dally Mail. In Samara the 'starving
peasants stormed the municipal buildings
and the residences of wealthy persons,
setting some on fire. Troops were sum
moned and fourteen peasants were killed.
Similar riots in which several persons
were killed occurred at Anderweska,
where two landowners had been "mur
dered, and also at Pestawka and else
where in the same district.
Scarcity of Food in Eastern Russia
the Cause of Serious
Riots.
FAMISHED PEASANTS
STORM CITY BUILDINGS
BLOEMFONTEIN, Oct v 16.— On Satur
day a steam convoy left liere for Dewets
dorp with 120 tons of supplies for the Bog
lle-Smlth column, escorted by 120 of the
Scots Guards, commanded by Major Mac-
Gregor. When it reached Lefuw Kop it
was attacked by 200 Boers who held a
position on the hill.
The fighting lasted all day Sunday until
dusk. The Boers decamped during: the
night.- leaving 1 twenty dead behind thorn.
The British casualties consisted of eleven
slightly wounded. The convoy delivered
the supplies at Dewetsdorp and returned
without further trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Battle Occurs at Lefuw Kop
and Fighting Lasts All
Day Sunday.
Eleven Imperial Troops
Wounded and Twenty
of Enemy Slain.
BOERS ATTACK
BRITISH CONVOY
THEATRICAL STARS WHO WILL APPEAR THIS AFTERNOON IN THE
BIG PERFORMANCE AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE FOR THE
BENEFIT OF THE ACTORS" AND McKINLEY MEMORIAL FUNDS.
REDDING, Oct. 16.— Within a year the
residents of Shasta County may witness,
it is said, the establishment of one of the
largest lumbering enterprises on the Pa
cific Coast. Attendant upon it will be the
construction of a railroad lino connecting
the county seat with the extreme north
western section of the county, with the
possible extension of the road Into a
transcontinental Lne.
For many months past Chester L.
Hovey, it is said, has been buying timber
land throughout the northwestern portion
of the county. It is claimed that he ha3
bought thousands of acres. Hovey is said
to be the representative of the great saw-,
mill syndicate of Minnesota which is
headed by Thomas B. Walker.
It is said that another representative of
the Walker syndicate will be here before
the new year to investigate the proposi
tion of building a railroad connecting the
main line of the Southern Pacific in this
county and extending up Pit River at
least as far as Fall River Mills. The en
gineer corps of the syndicate has spent
the past summer in surveying routes' for
a railroad. Lines were run from the Mc-
Cloud River in Siskiyou County to Fall
River Mills and from Fall River Mills by
two routes toward -this city. One of the
routes passes through the Hatchet Creek
mountain pass; the other down the Pit
River. It is declared that the river route
is the only feasible one, and the location
of^he lands purchased by Hovey would
indicate that it had been accepted.
Said to Be Planning a Vast Lumber
ing and Bailroad Building
Enterprise.
SYNDICATE IS BUYING
SHASTA'S VIROIST FOBESTS
Legislation having this end in view is
recommended. The report urges an in
vestigation into the question of timber
entries in Hawaii and recommends the
establishment of a system for forestry
preservation. Better statistics regarding
imports and exports and similar matters
are urged. The gradual destruction of
the fisheries Is pointed out and a recom
mendation made for remedial legisla
tion.
Approximately the same proportion of
entries and departures holds good with
respect to Chinese and other labor, mak
ing the bringing in of laborers from out
side necessary.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Henry Cooper,
Territorial Secretary of Hawaii, had a
conference to-day with Secretary Hitch
cock and submitted his annual report as
Acting Governor of Hawaii. \u25a0
The report makes a number of import
ant recommendations. A feature is its
treatment of the labor question. Cooper
reports that there is urgent need for
laborers from outside the territory. He
6hows that during the last fiscal year be
tween 4000 and 5000 Japanese laborers left
Hawaii, while only about 500 such labor
ers entered the territory.
Acting Govern or Reports
on the Island Con
ditions.
Porte Ready to Co-oper
ate With America to
Liberate Hostages.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.—Washing
'ton is without official news to-day of the
situation -of Miss Ellen M. Stone. Secre
tary Eddy of the legation at Constanti
nople and Consul General Dickinson at
Sorta are making determined efforts to
locate the woman. Apparently they have
not been successful, for they have not
communicated with the State Depart
ment. The authorities insist that no news
is good news. Upon being assured that
the pursuit by Government troops has
been stopped, it is believed here that the
brigands will renew negotiations with
Eddy for Miss Stone's liberation.
PARIS, Oct. 16.— Naby Bey. Turkish
Charge d' Affaires here, told The Call
correspondent to-day that the Porte was
disposed to do everything in its power to
co-operate with Spencer Eddy, first secre
tary of the American Legation at Con
stantinople, in securing the release of
Miss Ellen stone, the American mission
ary held for ransom by brigands. Naby
Bey says that the Macedonian committee
planned the capture of Miss Stone for the
purpose of proving the country was In an
unsettled 'condition. It 13 known that two
of the leaders of the brigands, Naby Bey
says, are dismissed Russian officers.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. Oct. 16.— During the
night another letter from Miss Ellen M.
Stone's companion, Madame Tsllka, was
found posted on her parents' door, an
nouncing that Madame Tsllka had given
blr i h ,^° a chlId and that both the infant
and the mother were doing well.
MUBDEBOUS CABEEB
OF MtTSSOLINA ENDED
Brigand Who Is Credited With
Twenty-Five Murders Caught
at TJrbino.
ROME, Oct. 16.— The notorious brigand,
Mussollna, has been captured after a
fierce resistance at Urbino. He had long
terrorized Callbria and is credited with
having committed twenty-five murders
Owing to the sympathy shown him by the
peasantry he had always escaped cap
ture, despite the immense reward the gov
ernment offered for his arrest. His career
as an outlaw began twenty years ago
when he was liberated from what he
considered an unjust Imprisonment He
vowed to kill the fifteen witnesses who
were responsible for . his conviction and
he is said to have actually dispatched
twelve.
Special Bates
For side rides to points on the Santa Pe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nin« months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. , Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fo office*,
til Market St., and ferry depot.
TURKEY TO AID
CAPTIVE WOMEN
and the Alcazar will send over the second
act of "Too Much Johnson." Mitchell and
Kred Butler, Harry Orndorf and Charles
F. Bryant. Every theater will send ita
own orchestra, and the musical directors
will be Frank Pallma of the "Florodora"
company, Paul Steindorff of the Tivoli,
E. M. Rosner of the Orpheum, Frederick
Knell of the Grand Opera-house and Ed
ward Lada of the Alcazar.
The ladies of the "Florodora" company
have kindly consented to. act as a recep
tion committee and will assist the man
agers in welcoming the guests in the foyer
of tho theater.
It was decided last night to reduce the
price of seats in the gallery to 50 cents
and the last four rows of the dress circle
were placed at $1. • Carriages may be or
dered for 5 o'clock.
HAWAII NEEDS
MORE LABORERS
benefit in aid of the charity faml
of the Aesociated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco standing room will un
doubtedly be at a premium.
The managers are proverbially 'generous
and this year they are going to outdo
themselves, inasmuch as they purpose de
voting half of the gross receipts to tile
McKinley memorial fund.
An' excellent programme has been pre
pared. Every theater in the city will send
the very best of the current attraction,
and in addition Pollard's Australian Ju
venile Opera Company, direct from Syd
ney, will appear for the first time in
America in the last act of "The Belle of
New York." After marching from the
Alhambra to the Grand the Royal Italian
band v.ill open the bill with the "Tann
hauser" overture, after which Thomas
Baker, monolbgist, and Wilfred Clarke
and company in "Oscar's Birthday," both
from the. Orpheum, will amuse. Camllle
d'Arville, the operatic favorite, has vol
unteered; the Grand Opera-house com
pany will present scene first from the
fourth act of "The Little Minister," and
Julius Kahn will make a few appropriate
remarks. After the overture to "Floro
dora" Grace EHidley wilj. sing- two num
bers from that opera, and the famous
double sextet will entertain. The Tivoli's
contribution will be the Jordan scene from
"Nabucco," with Signor Augusto Dado
and full chorus, and a duet from "Car
men" by Collamarini and Russo. Dan and
Charles Mason and Lottie Williams-Sal
ter will give the liveliest things from "Ilu
dolph and Adolph," now at the California,
TO-DAY is the big theatrical day of
the year, and when at 1 o'clock
the curtain of the Grand Opera
house goes up on the third annual
Attorney Sues lor His Fees.
Attorney E. A. Brldgford filed a suit
npaijist Georse EC. Walter yesterday for
Z2W). which he alleges is due for services
tendered.
In reference to the railway that is in
course of construction in Honduras, thev
ray that they expect the work will
be shortly completed. Th'.s road !s bnck
fd by the Astors and the concession was
g-iven them on condition that they would
have the railway operating within a
certain time. This the Americans were
unable 10 do, br.t they secured a:i exten
sion of time ar.d expect that they will
have the read working in a fev.' months.
Dr. Jose Leonard, rector of the Uni
versity of Honduras, and Dr. Fausto
Davila, a prominent attorney cf Hondu
ras, arrived here yesterday and are at the
Occidental. They are delegates to the
I'an-American Congress to be held in
Mexico shortly. They 5ay that General
Sierra is making a splendid record as
the executive head cf the ration and
that the entire country Is in a properous
condition. They report that Amer'can
goods are greatly in demand in Hon
duras. In the southern ports, however,
the Germans have vast capital invested
and Influence a large amount of the im
ports.
Hepresentatives to Fan-Americas
Conference Report Prosperous
Times in South America.
ITONT>I?KAS DELEGATES
EN EOUTE TO MEXICO
After some spilling cf. blood a settlement
between the Quons Duck Tons and the
Suey Dun Tongr \va.« effected last night.
The See Yup Society acted as mediator
and through its efforts the warring fac
tions were Induced to lay down their arms
r:!id patch up tiii^ir difficulties in a fashion
compatible with law and order.
The trouble started throe weeks ago and
threatened to cause great loss of life.
The affair that brought the tongs to arms
\u25a0was the beating of an actor for whom
the Chinese have an aversion. The mur
der of the actor's assailant followed and
then war was declared. Since then nearly
tony highbinders have been imported
from the Interior of the Staie and shoot
ing-* have been frequent. Kor the past
three days an armistice was declared on
account of the Chee Kong Tong celebra
tion. It was the intention of the high
binders to resume their murderous work
sifter midnight last night, but the procla
mation of peace deprived them of their
• ecupatiens.
Suey Duns and Quong Ducks
Lay Down Arras and
Shake Hands.
See Yup Society Brings
About Peace Between
Factions.
Every Theater Sends Choicest Attractions to Aid
Actors' and flcKinley Memorial Funds.
HIGHBINDER WAR
SUDDENLY ENDS
MONSTER BENEFIT FOR CHARITY
TO SURPASS ALL EXPECTATIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
Barnard, the sweet-voiced tenor and
barytone, and the De Courcy brothers,
wonderful acrobats, will complete the
Orpheum'a portion of tho entertainment,
and moving nlcturea from the Chutes will
close the continuous show.
The stage will be manned by an army
of theatrical employes, all volunteers. The
stage directors will be George E. Lask,
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
|» CELEBRATED
Impure Blcoi means an un-
healthy stomach. The Bitters
will set things right in the stom-
ach and Purify the Blood.
\i will cure Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Constipa ion, Liver and
Kidney Troubles. Try it.
... J^oi? ...
iy\AYOR,
JOSEPHS.TOBIN
:'.' DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE,
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
—FOR— )
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
MATIN HES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NUJ.'JT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
THE UTTLE_MINISTER.
I'Orri.AR PRICES— 10c. 15e. 25c. 50c, 73c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
NEXT WEEK
Walter E. Perkins in "THE MAN FROM
MEXICO."
Special Matinees Monday to Friday. Inclusive,
OS Pollard's Australian Juvenlla
Opera Company.
New Vaudeville Favorites !
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, : De
\u25a0 Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker,
; Joe, Buster and Myra Keaton and
the Biograph. Last times of Maud
Sorensen and Tom Dunn, Sisters
CMeers, Mitchell and Barnard and
"Wilfred Clarke and Co.
! Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
Evenings at 8 sharp.
Matlr.ee Saturday at Z sharp.
TO-NIGHT. Sunday Night, Saturday Matinee,
"ERNANI."
Friday and Saturday,
GAVALLERIA and I PAGLIAGGI
NEXT WEEK-
"HORMA." "LA BOHEME."
v With AVEDANO, the Great Tenor. •
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone— Bush 9. " .
TO-NIGHT-EVERY EVENINO THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
' John A.- Stevens' Successful Melodrama,
WIFE FOR WIFE
One of the most powerful realistic plays ever
presented. ' ;
DnirCC Evenings .10c, 13c, 23c, 35c, EOc
( 1UWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "THE COTTON KING."
BaSEBALL,
SACRAHENtFys. OAKLAND
To-day, Friday and Saturday at 3 P.M.
SUNDAY . 11111 .AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION F*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison streeti.
TO-NIGHT— EVERT EVENIXG THIS WEEK.
SHE'S A WINNER.
THE GIRL
Ml TUP RfmSflPlfQ
Greatest of all Sensational Farcea.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
PRICES— ISc. ZJC. 35c, 50c. 7ic. 1 :
LAST 4 NIGHTS— Matinee Saturday.
FLORODORA.
Beginning Next Monday, ':
STUART ROBSON
As "BERTIE THE -LAMB" In
Bronson Howard's Greatest American Comedy,
"THE HENRIETTA."
A Veritable All-Star Cast.
SEATS NOW READY.
A LATIGHIXO FESTIVAL
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY. \
Geo. H. Broadhurst's Musical Farce
RUDOLPflandADOLPH
Wltb the Two Emperors of Germany,
MASAN AND MASON,
40 COMEDIANS JO
SUNDAY NIGHT,
•*A FEMALE DRUMMER"
- WITH
JOHXSTONE BENNETT.
SEATS NOW SELLING. ~y
FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE,
riOtnr.no Admission IOc.
Bartelmese; Maud De Alma; Harry Holmes;
Herr Huber; Eleanore Jenkins; Sydney Smith;
Val Vousden; Silvia Puerari and HlnricbV
Orchestra. ~~
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to u p. a
;. K . Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. *' «..'
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 83c. Children. 20c.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century thess
| hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the wcrlj
to San Francisco. Guests enter-;
tained on the American or European
plan. ,
GRAND HOTEL.
Weekly :'Cali,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l^SSpEEDEOT
Every SuiTerer from Catirrh Knows that
Salves, Lotions, Washes, I prays and
Torches Dd Not Cure. *
PoTrders, lotions, salve?, sprays and In-
halers cannot really cure Catarrh, because
this disease is a blood disease, and local
applications. If *hey accomplish anything
at all, simply give transient relief.
The catarrnal poison Is in the blood and
the mucous membrane of the nose, throat
end trachea tries to relieve the system by
eecretlr.g- large quantities of mucus, the
discharge sometimes closing up the nos-
trils, dropping Into the throat, causing
deafness by closing: the Eustacblan tubes,
and after a time causing catarrh of stom-
ach or eerlous throat and lung troubles.
A remedy to really cure catarrh must be
&n Internal remedy which will cleanse the
blood from catarrhal poison, and remove
the fever and congestion from the mucou3
membrane.
The best and most modern remedies for
this purpose are antiseptics scientifically
known as EucaJyptol, Guaiacol, Ban-
jruinarla and Hydrastin, and while each
cf these has been successfully used sep-
arately, yet it has been difficult to get
them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form.
The manufacturers of the new catarrh
cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have suc-
ceeded admirably in accomplishing this
result. They axe large, pleasant tasting
lczenges, to be dissolved in the mouth,
thus reaching every part of the mucous
membrane of the throat and finally the '
stomach.
Unl'ke many catarrh remedies, Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate
or any injurious drug whatever and are
equally beneficial for little children and
adults.
Mr. C. R. Rembrandt of Rochester. N.
T., eays: "I know of few people who have
suffered as much as I from. Catarrh of
the head, throat and stomach. I used ,
sprays, inhalers and powders for months
at a time with only slight relief, and had
no hope of cure. I had not the means to
make a change of climate, which seemed
my only chance of cure.
"Last spring I read an account of some
remarkable cures made by Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and promptly bought a
fifty-cent box from my druggist and ob-
tained such positive benefit from that one
package that I continued to use them
daily until I now consider myself entirely
free from the disgusting annoyance of ca-
tarrh; my head is clear, my digestion all I
crjuid ask and my hearing, which had be-
gun to fail as a result of the catarrh, has
1 greatly improved until I feel I can hear as
well as ever. They are a household neces-
sity in my family."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at 50 cents for complete treat-
ment, and for convenience, safety and
prompt results they are undoubtedly the
lor.g-looked-for catarrh cure.
DISORDERS /"V
BT FAR THE GREAT- X/^S^/V^
er number of patient* i=T \ ft. 7 // Nv
eetkir.g relief for so-called \\ \ TTLJI //
•weakness are strong, \\ \JIjI.//
rcbuft men In every other
respect. Lofs of Vitality, Prematureness, etc.,
are not •weaknese?*. but the Evmptoms of ln-
Ftmmatory processes In the Prostate Gland
<po-califd necK of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
oont'.nuf-d excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate. Immediate re-
mits, a? indicated bv increased circulation and
1 renewed strength, afe observed. Our colored
I fhart of the organs, which we send free on
I i implication, is iitprcstinfT 10 any one wishing
W i" study the anatomy of the male.
f DR. lA'.COfT&.C ., 997 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| ' f
I Hunter I
I Whiskey I
T ' \u2666£
% Always delights and never j£ i
«£» disappoints. . - .£»
?«*\u2666
It never lov/ers its high standard *
§ of quality. , *
«j. It never varies its perfect purity %
\u2666\u2666• and mellow flavor. . 4»
4» \u2666>
It is the charm of hospitality J*
««» and the tonic of health. '
* *
f It is never sold till *
$ 10 Years Old. \u2666
X OHJT8TT * WISE COM^ISSIOtf CO.. Inc., %
3 223-2S5Cftllfomia St., 8an Francisco. Cal. V
Y Telephone .Kain »71 \u2666>
n "^\t^v;j^3^W*»j<v C an obtain renew-
' /^^!'^P^^^^\ e ' > vigor by the use of
' JlO<t?SW^OV*\\ " Dr> P'erce" * (lat-
//•fwf?*vi\v est ' m P rove( W
'\ S* ri^ \f \^ \ "ELECTSICBELT"
end Appliances. Drugs do not cure.. Elec-
tricity 1b the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Plerce's. for It Is the BEST.
Thousands cured!
E^Call at-offlce or send a 2o stamp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 206 Post St., San Fran-
cleoo. Eastern office— 1U5 Broadway, New
York.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA^
THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED
\u25a0 BT A NEW ORGANIZATION. /
EVERY EVENINO THIS WEEK.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SATURDAY.
Next \u25a0 Sunday Evening.
POPULAR NIGHT -POPULAR PKICE3, 25o, 50c, 75e
To-Morrow Evening— "CREATORE" Night.
Messrs. EMInghnuse and Oppenhelmer announce
mh: channing ellery's
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
50 ARTISTS 50
" 6IG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director.
Assisted by
MME. JOANNA BARILI. Soprano,
MISS IDA B. HEINTZEN, Harplit.
SEATS READY— ALHAMBRA BOX OFFICK.
CHUTES and, ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show!
HARRY HARMON, .
; In His Famous 90-foot Dive.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT I
THE AMATEURS
AND
A LADIES' TUG-OF- WAR.
i \u25a0 " \u25a0• . t \u25a0 ':\u25a0_ \u25a0 . \u25a0 • - .
Telephone for Seats — Park 23. ,'
THE CALIFORNIA SOCIETY,
SONS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION
Will hold a , .
BANQUET
In cotamemoratlon of the BATTLE OF SARA-
TOGA ;
THIS EVENING AT 6:30.
At GOLDEN GATE HALL. Sutter st
Guests and members will please , assemble
promptly. . . m \u25a0
HILL'S THEATER, SJjgjjSg
(Remodeled Pabst Cafe.) Cor. Ellis and Pow-
ell. First-class vaudeville. Ladles' Orchestra,
'Moving Pictures. Matinee Sunday, 2 p. m.
Admission IOc and 25c. •/
' \u25a0 GOLD DUST. ._'_/'
\u25a0 t . . . ':
H "lot tho GOLD DUST ft§^0% H
M Throe tlmos a day, 1Q95 times a year, tho ||
S$l /ttbjFPi B Pf*2b EF&B B&& m BF* twins will make your tiish-washirs easy! Era
M^SmB B—BJB BJa&Jj^^ B Th * d >shes wi!l shine trigrhter ar.d be K9
ga f SSaaeSaSf mSmf \u25a0«eaO r xk£y a cleaner than soap or anything else could MSI
2$ m.iko them. There is no c!*anin2 that pSi
g|t COLD DUST will not do better, easier and cheaper than soap cr ar.y cthsr cleanser. Kg
|a THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chfcago. St. Louis. New York. Boston. £|]
AMUSEMENTS. \u25a0
I GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— LXTRA I
I To-cJoy Is the BigDay 1
1 . THIS AFTERNOON, October 17, 1
| CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE. Beginning- at 1 o'clock. DOORS OPEN AT NOON. ||
1 \u2666 IN AID OF THE CHARITY FUND OF THE £
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
| OF SAN FRANCISCO. Vl
!HALF OF THE GROSS RECEIPTS TO BE DEVOTED TO THE £•
• McKINLEY MEMORIAL FUND,
i MONSTER PROGRAMME.
fi LOOK AT THIS ARRAY OF NOVELTIES! hi
I American Debut of POLLARDS AUSTRALIAN JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY Q
« In an Act of the "BELLE OF NEW YORK." GRACE DUDLEY and the DOUBLE fj
S SEXTET from "FLORODORA." CAMILLE D'ARVILLE. ROYAL ITALIAN BAND. H
I HASAN and MASON and LOTTIE WILLIAMS-SALTER from "RUDOLPH and a
I ADOLPH." Scenes from "CARMEN" and "NABUCCO," TivolL BRIGHTEST SPE- H
5 CIALTIES from the ORPHEUM. Act of "THE LITTLE MINISTER." Second Act M
\ of "TOO MUCH JOHNSON." LATEST MOVING PICTURES. IMMENSE ORCHE3- fj
\ TRA. . ' > , tl
j. Grand Parade- in Honor of the Eenelit by the 1
I Royal Italian Band at Noon, A
\ RESERVED SEATf , O^CH^STR/*, $2.00. EXCELLENT DRESS CIRCLE 8
! seats, SI.OO. callhhy. sc cents. yThe fact that "Jack" Horan leaves Stan
ford for financial reasons effectively re
pudiates the Insinuation given out by
Berkeley collegians that he had been
given a financial Inducement to come to
Stanford.
John A. Horan, the big guard from
Lafayette College, has taken a leave of
absence and gone to San Francisco to en
gage in newspaper work. Horan' a
In the Stanford gridiron has been of a
high order and football enthusiatls will
be disappointed to learn that the his fel
low will not line up with the cardinal
eleven on November 9. The announce
ment of Horan's leaving the university
came as a great surprise to the college
community, as Horan had expressed his
entire satisfaction with conditions at
Stanford.
Starters Jake Holtman and Dick, Dwyer
will alternate during the coming season,
with the gate. Both are popular with
horsemen and public alike, and possess
no peer in the business. Being then dis
engaged, Holtman will in all likelihood
wiejd the flag on opening day. There will
be no change among the other officials of
the jockey club.
years old. Joe Sefton, left end, has been a star
end with the Belmont team since '97. Hia aga
Is 20 and weight 170 pounds. At rigrht end
Boyles and Kehrlein look like the likely men
for the position; the former played four years
at the Chico Normal and the latter has played
\u25a0with the Lowell High team. Boyle weighs 170
and Is 23 years old. Kehrlein 1(& and la 20
years of age. R. C. Nissen. who has been play
ing center of late, has had no previous football
experience. He weighs 173 pounds and is 22
years old. At left guard true Van Sickle has
his position "cinched." He Is 26 year3 of age,
weighs 182 pounds, and has played for several
years on the University of Pacific Academy
team. J. J. Monzlngo has been alternating be
tween center and right guard, but will prob
ably play the latter position. He strips at 163
pounds* is 22 years old and played four years
on the Amity College. Iowa, preparatory school
team. Right Tackle E. Stillman weighs flfo
pounds, is IS years old, and has had several
years* experience on Portland Academy Lowell
High and Trinity School teams. W. El. Croth
ers may also be In the game at guard; his age
is 20 years; he weighs 133 pounds and has played
his position at St. Matthew's School, a C
Haver Jr., who will be sub-quarter ha3 played
four years on the Redlands High eleven weighs
134 and is 18 years old. D. V. Moore,' who la
being tried at right and has played at left
half on the Lowell High team. Is 19 years of
age and weighs 139 pounds. <
Among the improvements now bein^
made at Oakland track is a small grand
stand for the accommodation of persona
who purchase paddock tickets. The idea
is an excellent one.
Joe Rose, who booked on the New York
tracks all season, is back in California,
taking a well earned rest. He will cut In
opening day at Oakland.
During the recent Los Angele3 race
meeting Lee Rose was reported to have
offered W. G. Layng $6000 for the pacer
Sir Albert S. The crack slde-wheeier wa3
scratched from a race on one occasion,
but not because of lameness.
Starters for Coming Season.
Advices from New York say that Pitts
burg Phil will allow his rider, Shaw, to
make the California trip. Phil himseif
la sore on this State because he didn't
cash every ticket while out here. Still,
"kicking" is one of Phil's pet forms of
recreation, and if he will give the Golden
West one more trial everything will bo
forgiven. Some time ago one Eastern
writer said that the noted, plunger first
set eyes on Shaw while paying California
a visit. This is a mistake, as Shaw never
rode out here. In 1308 the boy was at
Denver, and his employer, J. 11. Hughes,
did not deem him capable enough to pilot
a 50 to 1 shot.
ski, and several other carloads from,
Montana were backed up at the gate.
Green Morris, with Jockey Winnie O'Con
nor and a big string, is now en route from
New York. C. "\V. Chappeli must have
left nothing in Montana but smelter
smoke and depressed Amalgamated Cop
per stock, for he uncoupled from behiad
a locomotive at Emeryville on Monday
with a carload of twenty-five horses.
Already stall room at Oakland track Is
becoming scarcer than a parquet seat
on a Patti opening night. Dr. Rowell ar
rived at the tracK over the bay yester
day with the horses of Prince foniatow-
For some time it has been a matter of
conjecture as to who would secure the
field book privilege for the coming racing
season. Although George Rose was named
as a most likely possibility, the new Cal
ifornia Jockey Club announced yesterday
that the prize had been awarded to
Rainey & Driscoii, the same firm that
operated the books at Oakland last year.
Sam Rainey is the well known local poli
tician, while Jerry L»riscoll became de
servedly popular with the public for the
liberality o£ the odds laid. It was only
on rare, occasions that small bettors were
compelled to accept prices iower than laid
in the big ring, and quite frequently Jerry
would go a shade above the market quo
tations.
Stall Room Becomingr Scarce.
Jockey Shaw Will Be Seen
in the Saddle Here.
Other Notes.
Rainey and Driscoll Are
Awarded Field Book
Privilege.
TURF CIRCLES
ENJOY A BOOM
BERKELEY. Oct, 16.— The Associated
Women Students of the University of
California will give a reception to the
football men in Hearst Hall Wednesday
evening. October SO. The choral society,
mandolin and ruitar and banjo clubs wili
render selections during the evening.
Eeception to Football Men.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.-The annual in
vitation tournament of the Westbrook
Golf Club was begun to-day on the links
"^F.i 3^?* Rlver - L- I- Sixteen players
qualifies for the Westbrook cup. Follow-
l ng a , re l ne f cor^ s of the flr st ten: W. J.
Travis Garden City. 100; Louis Livingston
Jr.. Westbrook. 161: E. S. Knapp West
166 / C ",Z- Ta PP*^ Westbrook. 169;
C. H Seeley, Weeburn, 171; R. C. Watson
Jr., Westbrook^ 178; W. C. Carnegie, PUts
ur & F " Watson, Westbrook, 179;
A. M. Robbins, St. Andrews, ISO: A. De
witt Cochrajie. Ardsley. 18L
Golfers Compete for a Clip.
Flood and Davis, Hew Men With the
Senators, to Make Their First
Appearance Here.
The fight for first place In the pennant
race will be resumed on the Los Angeles
diamond this week, while the Sacramenfos
will come to town to meet the tailenders
Second baseman Flood having been reinl
stated will make his first appearance in
tnif city with the champions, together
with First Baseman Davis. This is the
line-up for to-day's game:
Oakland. Positions. Sacramento.
Lonman -Catcher Stanlev
Schmidt Pitcher V Hoffer
„«! Hod 8 "" - v or Stricklett.
?. tr « i . b First basa , Da vi 9
Mohler Second base Flood
gf bi « Third base ....""shfeh^
£- a «?an Shortstop Devereaur
E£S? eavjr J^ ft fleId McLaughlin
V.' 01 , 1 ". Center field Courtney
MoSkiman Right field _.Doyte
OAKLAND WILL MEET
TEE SACUA2IENTO TEAM
Tracks.
XETV YORK, Oct. 16.— Morris Park results:
First race, steeplechase, about two miles-
Baby Bill won. Dalesir.cn second. Dr. Kichberjr
third. Time. 4:04'*.
Second race, high weight handicap, six fur
long's— Slipthrlft won, Gale second, Setauket
third. Time, 1:14%.
Third race, the McGrathian stakes, selling,
seven furlor^s— Animosity won, Glenelly sec
ond. Templeton third. Time. 1:2S^4.
Fourth race, celling-, seven furlongs—Joy
maker won. Trump second, Bessie McCarthy
third. Time. l£*%.
fifth race, one mile— DubKn won. Criterion
second. Time. l:U%. Two starters.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth—
Astor won. Inshot second. Hentry third. Time,
1:47^.
CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— Worth summary-
First racp, one mile and an eighth— Linden
EJla. won. \V. B. Gates second. Strangest third.
Time, 2:C:.
Second race, seven furlongs — C. B. Campbell
\u25a0won. Merriment second, Tom Kingeley third
Time. 1:23 3-a.
Third race, five furlongs— Gdlantrie won
Stc-lla Perkins second. Inspector Shea third
Time. 1:04.
Fourth race, one mile— Rolling Boer won
Je.-sie Jarboe second, llacGyle third. Time.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth—Benck
art won, Tammany Chief second, Valdez third
Time, 1:34 2-5.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Lord Roberts
won. Brelyo Byrd second. Cathedral third.
Time, 1:25 4-5.
LEXINGTON*. Ky., Oct. 16.— Summary:
2:gs class, pacing. tlJOO-Wild Leyburn won
the second, third and fourth heats in 2-07W.
2:1014. 2:10. The Admiral won the first heat
In 2:09V*. Little Squaw. Major Muscovite Neva
Patchen and Spilt Silk also started.
2:14 class, pacing, J1000— Cambria Maid won
the second, third and fourth heats in 2 - CS?i
2:CS>,i. 2:10. Plnchett Volkes won the 'first
heat in 2:13 3-5. Klowa. Carl Wilkes, Home
Circle, Dick Thompson, Junius and J K also
started.
2:14 trot. $1000— TValter Kalm won In straight
heats. Time, 2:11%. 2:12Vi. 2:12' ; i. Glory,
Prince of India, Marj'd. Marique Belle On
ward, Klondike, Russellwood, Pug and Cap
tain Bracken also started.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— Fair Grounds results:
First race, five furlongs-Called Back won.
Leenja eecond. Ruby Ray third. Time, 1-Ooii
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Assessment won. Contain second. Aline S third
Time, 1 :26%.
Third race, six furlongs, purse— dales won
Tremar second, Brulare third. Time. 1:18
I ourth race, six and a half furlongs— Ethy-
T^e W °-j'4>/ Ordan Becond ' Col °°*al Girl third.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Petit
thfrd re Ti"m n e fs^ BreCZ6 SeC ° nd ' Plcador
**%» tb J*'*- T Cn f mlle and a sixteenth— Xannle
woodVirS: Tl£? ?g er BeC ° aa - Mr BrOok -
Besults of Events on Some of the Big
RACES IN THE EAST.
As it happened Carter had a narrow es
cape from defeat. His head had not thor
oughly cleared when the gong sounded at
the opening of the seventh round and
his seconds fairly lifted him out of his
cha;r and pushed him into the center of
the ring. He nearly fell to the floor. This
was the chance Walcott overlooked.
It developed yesterday that Carter took
all the gallop oui of his dusky opponent
with a right hand to the body when they
met in the center of the ring for the first
time in the opening round. Walcott had
a smile on his face after this, but
it v.'as all a fham. He was decidediy un
happy. When Carter came back at him in
the seventh after the terrible beating
Walcott had given him In the previous
round it proved too much for him. The
blow on the pit of the stomach convinced
him there were easier ways of earning
money than fighting for the winner's
share with "Kid" Carter.
iladden demurred to this and Delaney
at once accepted Corbett. He is to be
»a!d $500 tor his services, the money to
be deducted from the gross receipts, each
fighter and the club inus paying a por
tion of the money. This was the amount
originally set aside for George Buer of
Chicago, "who was the rlrst man mentioned
lor the position. It was to cover both hia
expenses and his compensation.
The managers of the lighters each an
nounced that his man v.-ould be ready to
meet Fltzsimmons in this city in Uecem
ber, providing he wa?> not injured in the
forthcoming light. Manager Gleason was
authorized to communicate with Fitzsim
mons and enter into negotiations with
him. If ntz is not ready to re-«nter the
ring the men are willing that Tom Shar
key should take his place.
Carter and Walcott were about yester
day showing but few signs of the previous
eight's battle. Walcott is anxious for an
other meeting with the hard hitting
"Kid." He oilers to fight him, the re
ceipts to go to charity. It is not likely
they will meet here for some time, if at
all. Carter r**ceived $2000 as his share of
the re<>eipts, Walcott getting $7l>0. It was
originally arranged that the winner take
ail, thls_being Walcott's proposition. The
"Kid's" irlends held out for a loser's end,
which Walcott will have the privilege of
spending.
Harry Corbett will referee the Jeffries-
Ruhlin fight on the night of November 15
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
He was selected yesterday by "Billy"
I>elaney, representing the champion, and
"Billy" Madden, who acted for Ruhlin.
There was no haggling over the matter.
When Delaney was asked what men he
had in mind he suggested Ned Homan
and "Jack" Welsh. Madden mentioned
Corbett. There was some good-natured
bantering, Deianey suggesting that each
select a man and then shake dice to see
whose choice should be the third man in
the ring when the championship battle
commences.
Walcott Is Anxious for
Another Meeting With
Carter.
Harry Corbett Chos«n
to Officiate in That
Capacity.
riany Fleet Greyhounds Entered for
Richest Event of the Year.
THE draw for the John Grace Chal
lenge cup stake, which will be
run at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday and Sunday, was held
last night at Pythian Castle.
This is the richest stake for grey
hounds held in Amerlqa. Last year it
was worth SSC19. and it was intended this
year to make it $12,000. This would have
been made up of 5G000 in entrance fees
and a like amount added by the Union
Coursing Park .Association. The strike
had a blighting "effect on coursing and the
stake was reduced in size and value. The
dogs are of the highest class ever brought
together on an American coursing field.
Palo Alto Is favorite owing to a brilliant
trial he ran last Monday. Next to him
in favor are the Curtis dogs, Beacon and
Rector. The prizes will be: To the win
ner $600, runner-up $300, third dog $200,
next three $100 each, next six $50 each,
next twelve $25 each. The twenty-four
dogs beaten in the first round on Satur
day will compete in a consolation stake
Sunday. The draw resulted as follows >
C. L. Appleby names G. Sharman's Sir
Pafha vs. H. C. Klevesahl names E. Geary's
Ireland; W. J. Browning names Sterl &
Knowles'Oleta y«. F. Jones' Wedgewood; P.
J. Reilly names A. R. Curtis' King Cotton
vs. O. Zahl's Homer Boy; H. C. Klevesahl
names G. Sharman's Firm Fellow vs. Chiarlnl
Brothers' Dewdrop; G. Van Bergen names A.
R. Curtis' War Eagle vs. I. F. Halton names
J. H. Perigo's Faraway; A. It. Curtis' Beacon
vs. D. J. Healy's Tiburon: T. J. Cronin's Van
dal vs. Chiarini Brothers' Tame Tralee; W.
C. Glascon names A. R. Curtis' Narcissus vs.
G. Graham's Tyrone Prince; Sterl & Knowles'
Cold Shivers vs. G. Malcolm names A. R. Cur
tis' Charta: C. O. x Peterson's Sliver Cloud vs.
T. J. Mclnerney's Nora; A. T. Leonard's Her
schel's Pride vs. J. Lackman names H. Lynch' s
A. J. Martin; C. C. Griswold names A. R.
Curtis' Flying Fox vs. P. M. Clarkson names
A. J. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald; J. H.
Halton names George Malcolm's Aeolus vs. M.
C. Delano names A. T. Leonard's Fontenoy;
A. T. Leonard's Game Boy vs. R. K. Malcolm
names G. Sharman's Little Sister; G. Nether
cott's Floodgate vs. D. J. Healy's Sisquoc; I.
F. Halton names Chiarini Brothers' White Hat
vs. E. Geary's Palo Alto; F. A. Cushlng names
F. S. Price's Brutus vs. B. Jones names George
Sharman's Chicago Boy; J. H. Rosseter's Ro
man Athlete vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall:
Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out vs. J. A. Klein
names F. Jones' Harlean Gladys; W. H.
Hinchman names A. R. Curtis' Luxor vs. J.
H. Halton names J. H. Rosseter's Royal Anne;
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy vs. J. M. Halton'a
Hay Hempstead; E. E. Shotwell's Mose vs.
W. Manning names A. B. Curtis' Anchor; K.
K. Malcolm's Fine Fire vs. A. R. Curtis' Rec
tor; E. E. Shot well names George Sharman's
Warship vs. J. H. Rosseter's Royal Archer.
Special limited stake, 32 dogrs — Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple vs. M. Nealon's Agamemnon;
J. Downlng's Sir Lawrence vs. O. Zahl's
O'Hara; E. Heave's Strayaway vs. A. Van
derwhite's Lear King; Pasha Kennels' Rich
Argosy vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; D. J.
Healy's Fine Form vs. J. Carroll's Master
Clair; J. T. McCarthy's John Doe vs. J. Cane's
Greenhall; T. J. Cronin's Klllarney vs. Pasha
Kennels' Flyaway; G. Sharman's St. Ives vs.
J. Martenett.'s Slim; L. S. Bahr's Ameflee vs.
D. Sllva's Master Rocket; H. H. Gray's Rona
vs. E. Heave's Spiteful; J. Markland's The
Grafter vs. J. Willis' Half Moon; C. O. Peter
son's Haphazard vs. P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter; F. B. Ge'rber's Mount Ida vs. Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt; D. J. Healy's Elista
vs. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson; 3. Willis' Shadow
vs. L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain; G. Sharman's
Bowery Boy vs. E. Reddy's Full Moon.
It has almost been decided to hold this
year's plains meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club at Petaluma.
CHAMPIONSHIP
FIGHT REFEREE
EUGENE GEARY'S PALO ALTO IS FAVORITE
FOR THE FAMOUS JOHN GRACE CUP STAKE
. LONDON, Oct. 16.-It Is rumored that
John Erskine, a merchant of Belfast, as
serts that he Is the chairman of a syn
dicate of fourteen persons organized to
challenge for the America's cup.
Syndicate Wants America's Cup.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18, Los Angeles De
cember IS, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles 570. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullman sleepers.
Limit sixty days. \u25a0 Low side-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market Btreet. San Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles. ... , «
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— The crew of the
Shamrock II sailed for home to-day on
the American line steamer St. Louis.
George "Watson, designer of the Shamrock
II, and Thomas Ratsey, the sailmaker,
sailed on the steamer Oceanic.
Crew of Shamrock II Departs.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.-Thomas Seale of
Mayfleld to-day began suit against Dan
iel (White Hat) McCarty of San Fran
cisco to enforce a Hen of $445 for pastur
age of thirty-six horses. He asks that a
receiver be appointed to take charge of
the animals.
Sues "White-Hat" McCarty.
' NEW HAVEN^Conn Oct. 16.— Despite
their pluck, the Bowdoin football players
went down under Yale's attack this after
noon by the score of 45 to 0. The game
was of the whirlwind order from the
start until the very last minute of play.
In the tail end of the game Bowdoin for
a moment rallied and made a longer, gain
on an end run than during their whole
previous playing, but it was futile.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 16.-The Univer
sity of Virginia football eleven played,
Pennsylvania a hard . game to-day, but
the latter won by a score of 20 to 5.
At Princeton— Princeton 23, Dickinson 0.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. .16.— Harvard
defeated Wesleyan this afternoon 16 to 0.
Thla score, though smaller than Yale's
score against Wesleyan last Saturday, is
not considered discouraging, as a number
of Harvard's best players were not in the
game. The play was slow and ragged.
Bargent at center was poor In passing the
ball, and the backs had little team work.
Cutts did well at tackle, but Grayson was
slow and awkward at fullback. Wesleyan
held Harvard on downs in the second
half, and also blocked one. of Kernan'a
punts. '
Harvard Football Men Defeat the
Wesleyan Eleven at Cambridge.
VICTORY FOB CRIMSON. '
On cross-examination Hopkins said ' he
made his statement about what he knew
to Arthur Goebel in Covington last May.
He admitted that he had been arrested
for murder, malicious shooting and
swindling the Government' He Is now a
deputy sheriff.
Isaac Hopkins testified to conversations
with Powers, Golden, Youtsey and "Tal
low Dick" Combs about what might hap
pen to Governor Goebel. On cross-exam
ination Hopkins testified that he had been
indicted twice for shooting men.
R. H. Berryman testified that he was
asked to point out Goebel in the Senate
chamber. Goebel, was not there and the
men said, "Well, we /will have to go to
the Capitol Hotel after him."
John w. Alford, a new witness, testified
that two hours before Goebel was shot
W. H. Culton-came into the Agricultural
building and said he wanted fifteen men
with sidearms to go with him to the ex
ecutive building.
He also said he heard Youtsey say:
"Goebel is going to be killed and this
man (pointing to Dick Combs) will do the
work. I've given him \u25a0 $100, and twenty
flve others have given him the same
amount."
Ike Hopkins of Belle County, a new wit
ness for the commonwealth, swore that he
asked Wharton Golden on the day prior
to the murder of Governor Goebel when
he could go home from Frankfort.
"You wait," said Golden. "Goebel will
be killed to-day."
Commonwealth Attorney Franklin was
notified at once of the threatening- re
mark and precautions will be taken to
secure the safety of the Judge.
"Take it in," said one of the mountain
eers. "Cantrill will need that cot before
he gets through with this trial."
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Oct. 16.— Threats
against the life of Judge Cantrill, who is
presiding over the trial of former Secre
tary of State Caleb Powers, charged with
complicity in the assassination of Gover
nor William Goebel, were reported to-day.
When a cot was brought into the Court
house for the. use of the Judge, who is
not In good health, a crowd of mountain
eers asked what It was intended for.
"For Judge Cantrill," was the reply.
LONDON, , Oct. 16.— "The Americana
have practically subdued the insurgents
in the Philippines," said Captain John
Howard Gwyther, reviewing: the position
of the Chartered Bank of India, Aus
tralia and China, at a meeting of the
shareholders.
"Order is slowly evolving out -of chaos
and the natives, feeling that peace can be
relied upon, are resuming their ordinary
avocations."
MANILA, Oct. 16.— The worst typhoon
in ten years has been raging for the past
few days. Its center has been about sixty
miles from Manila. Eight miles of rail
way have been destroyed and half, of
north and central Luzon has been sub
merged. .A majority of the telegraph lines
have been damaged and Government and
other vessels have suffered. Twenty per
sons were killed in Manila Bay. The
town of Baler Is In ruins.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Time, 2:30, 2:31. 2:25, 2:22%I
Pacing, 2:17 class:
J. M. Nelson's. The Queen, g. m..
Dexter Bradford (J. M. Nelson).. 4 1 4 l l
Sable Le Grand (Dan Llegingrer) . . . 1 2 1 2 3
Peggie (G P. Perrel) .»2 3 2 3 2
Deacon (E. B. Smith) 3 4 3dlst
Sonoma (James Olsen) 5 aist
Time. 2:23%. 2:19%. 2:27. 2:22%. 2:22.
Six furlongs, selling— Bob Palmer (See) won,
Nettle Clark (Fogg) second, Galene (Burlin
game) third. Time, 1:15%. Howard, Hey Mor
roe. Jim Brownell and Bills Glenn also ran.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling-— Pilot (Burlln
game) won, Wing (Gilbert) second, Kastafne
(Tullett) third. Time, 1:52%. Master Lee, Sea
Spray. and Harry Thatcher also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling — Mike Rice (See) won
Bouletto Wheel (McNlchols) aecond Limber
Jim (Hobart) third.- Time. 1:28. W J B and
Idaho Chief also ran. San Augustin threw
rider. . ,
STOCKTON, Oct. 16.— Split heats and
nose-and-nose finishes were the features
of the second day's racing here. In the
harness events every heat was hotly con
tested ana two and three horses always
fought it out in the stretch, while the
big crowd applauded the fine work of the
drivers. The fine weather and splendid
programme brought out a large attend
ance and the racing was of a high order.
Four favorites and one second choice went
home with the' long ends of the purses
Hobart's Pilot won again to-day in the
one mile and a sixteenth event, through
the clever ridinsr of Burlingame.
The card for to-morrow includes a free
for-all trot: 2:16 trot: five and a half fur
long sprint; six furlong- dash and a mile
run, with a large number of entries. Sum
maries:
Trotting 1 . 2:20 class:
J. M. Nelson's Rosie Wood, b. m..
Nutwood Wllkes, by Llnwood (J. Jtf.
Nelson) Jill
T C (P. W. Hodges) 18 8 3
Lincoln Allen (William Prosser) 3 » 2 '
Trilby (J. I*. Smith) 4 4 id
Kentucky Mountaineers
Threaten Powers
Case Jurist.
Twenty Persons Lose
Their Lives in Ma
nila Bay.
Nose-and-Nose Finishes
the Rule in Stock
ton Races.
TTAVB FIGHTING- CHAUTOE.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 11-
Coach Fickert, when asked to-night about
the chances of the 1905 team in Its game
with the Berkeley freshmen next Satur
day, said :
They have a fighting chance, for while- they
play a fairly fast game they are going against
a heavier eleven. This year's freshman team
was picked from nineteen candidates, while last
year there were more than four elevens of can
didates for the 1904 team.
The average weight of the freshman
squad is 158 pounds, their average height
is 5 feet 9 2-3 inches and age 20 years All
of squad, with one exception, "have
had previous football experience. Follow
ing is some data concerning them:
Paul Tarpey captain and left half is «
years old, weighs 163 and has played thre'e years
on the Salt Lake City High School telm an"
one year with the Palo Alto High. TarnevN
brother. Dave, who is 20 years of aee a^d
weighs 154. -will play left tickle and has ted
the sama experience. M. Bartell right half
learned^ the game at The Dalles High School
He Is 22 years of age and tips the scales at lfio
pounds. W. Dole, fullback; gained W txnf
rience at the Riverside High IcnooL W. T a P y.'
ISuT^r th pla V" arter ' *a 3 played hti po
sltlon for the last three years on th« p»Y«
Alto High eleven, weighs va S^a, £j £*§
JUDGE'S LIFE
MAY BE TAKEN
LUZON SUFFERS
FROM A TYPHOON
HARNESS EVENTS
HOTLY CONTESTED
The bicycle Industry of this country 13
apparently in desperate straits. The
sport and pastime which spread through
the United States like magic In the early
90's, holding young and old, rich and poor
in its thrall, shows signs of dire distress.
Announcements made yesterday in this
city by officers of the American Bicycle
Company, the $40,000,000 corporation which
absorbed the principal factories of the
country at the height of the boom, show
what a change has come over the affairs
of the corporation since the boom sub
sided.
It was officially announced that the af
fairs of the company would all be merged
under control of one manager for the Pa
cific Coast. O. C. Hutchinson of Chicago
is the man selected for the position. He
will assume charge on the 1st of Novem
ber. Under him will be one set of travel
ing men, ' one set of clerks and one set
of mechanics, assuming the duties of the
several sets of men now employed. Among
the well-known men who are consolidated
out are P. H. Bernays and S. C. Chapman,
who have succpssfully managed import
ant branch houses here for many years.
When the American Bicycle Company
absorbed the big factories they controlled
and made forty-eight different wheels.
This number has been reduced already
and a further sweeping reduction will be
made at once. There will be marketed
not to exceed seven different types next
year by the company. Such well-known
wheels as the Stearns, Barnes and Spald
lng will not be made hereafter.
This coast has been the j best market
in the country during the past year, the
wholesale agency in this city disposing of
6000 bicycles and showing a *prottt on the
year's trading. The officers in New York
nave given out a statement that the cor
poration's losses for the year ending
August 1 are $2,000,000. \u25a0
The big corporation, when formed, had
a list of officers as formidable as any
great railway system could boast. There
were several vice presidents, a board of
directors, managers, auditors and others.
Its magnificent offices in New York occu
pied an entire floor in one of the great
buildings, at a rental of more than $70,000
a year. Expenses- aro being curtailed
throughout the country wherever possible
in an effort to save something out of the
wreck.
A local dealer, who returned recently
from the East, was so impressed with
conditions thev-j that he cut down his
force of employes to the smallest force
consistent with handling his business .at
present. ' _.. i
American Bicycle Com
pany Merging Its
Depots Here.
CYCLE INDUSTRY
CONSOLIDATIONS
Captain Womble, who for the last three
years has played right end on the varsity,
is now playing at rigrht half. "With Du
den at full and Mini at left half Cali
fornia has three star men back of the line.
To-morrow afternoon the freshman
eleven will play a practice gam© with the
Berkeley High School, when, it will close
its heavy practice prior to its meet with
the Stanford freshmen on Saturday. The
coaches are devoting all their energy
toward getting the freshmen in condition
for the contest. This afternoon the baby
class team lined up with the second
eleven for hard practice.
Those declared eligible for varsity po
sitions are as follows:
• Center— Gendottl, Morehead, Phillips, Burke.
Guards— Overall, Stowe, CToole, Hendrlcks,
Stroud, Cummlngs, Howard. Hagadoin, Koch.
Tackles — Alberton, Hansen. Braly, Lyons,
Hatch, Gastrich, "Wilson. Savage, Heitmuller.
Ends— Dibble©, Starr, Buchanan, Williams,
Demerrit, Gage, Edwards, liewitt, Stlnes.
Wight.
Quarters— More, Hudson, Decoto, D© Lanoey,
Saeltzer, Rust, Geary.
Halfbacks— Wc-mble, Mini. Whlpple, Sher
man, Bishop, MacCormack, Hamilton, Powers,
White, KItrelle, Risley, Graves, Evans, Met
calf.
Fullbacks — Duden, Kelsey, Fautz, Symmes,
Bush. Wallop.
Eligible for Varsity Team.
A list of fifty-nine University of Cali
fornia football men eligible to play in the
contest with Stanford on November 9 has
been prepared by Graduate Manager De
coto and sent to the Stanford athletic
committee. This committee will examine
the list with a view toward protesting
any man deemed Ineligible, although Cal
ifornia does not look for an objection to
any of the players named.
The line-up will be as follows:
Burke, center; Heitmuller or Cummlngs, right
guard; Stroud, left guard; Gastrich, right
tackle; "Wilson, left tackle; Demerrit, right
end; Gage or Edwards, left end; Saeltzer (cap
tain), quarter; Kelsey, right half; Risler, left
half: Bush, fullback.
The California rooters will attend the
game In a body and will lend their lung
and moral support to the freshmen. "With
cheers and songs they will do what they
can toward helping the freshmen gain- a
victory.
Booters Will Attend in a Body.
The freshmen have a gritty captain in
Quarterback Dudley Saeltzer. He plays
fast and well, but is not certain at all
times. He has shown much ability in
managing the team, and his head work
has been good during all preliminary
games. Stroud is a heavy man and plays
well at left guard. Demerrit at right end
has also been doing good work, and back
of the line Risley, Kelsey and Bush make
a fair trio. The eleven will enter the field
in good condition.
BERKELEY. Oct. 16.— The freshman
eleven of the University of California has
been under the constant care of the
coaches during the last week, prepara
tory to its contest with the Stanford
freshmen Saturday. Hard practice con
tinued Up to to-day, Coach Simpson and
Assistant Coach Hopper watching: every
play the baby classmen made and direct
ing their movements. Preliminary games
have been none too numerous, and up to
the beginning of this week the freshmen
have played some bad ball. Games this
week with preparatory schools, the var
sity and second elevens and the undivided
attention- of the coaches has improved
their condition greatly. The men play
fast ball, but poor team work has hin
dered their effectiveness.
California Selects List
of Men to Meet
Its Rival.
LINE-UP SHOWS
GOOD MATERIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
CORBETT WILL REFEREE THE JEFFRIES-RUHLIN FIGHT
PAIX) ALTO, PRONOUNCED FASTEST
GREYHOUND ESf AMERICA, FAVOR
ITE FOR JOHN GRACE CUP STAKE.
8
ADVEBTT.SEMENT&
( Contagious
Btssoei Poison
There is no poison so highly contagions,
so deceptive and so destructive. Don't bo
.too sure you are cured because all external
signs of the disease have disappeared, and
the doctor says you are well. Many per-
sons have been dosed with MeTcuryand
Potash for months or years, and pro-
nounced cured — to realize when too late
that the disease -was only covered up
liko Bogots like. t££Z%£{
out again, and to their sorrow and mortifi^
cation find those nearest and dearest to
them have been infected by this loath-
some disease, for no other poison is so
surely transmitted from parent to child
as this. Often a bad case of Rheumatism,
Catarrh, Scrofula or severe skin disease,
an old sore or ulcer developing in middle
life, can be traced to blood poison con-
in early **° § tn of tho Parent*
life, for it remains smoldering in the sys-
tem forever, unless properly treated and
driven out in the beginning. S. S. S. is
the only antidote for this peculiar virus,
the only remedy known that can over-
come it and drive it out of the blood, and
it does this so thoroughly and effectually
that there is never a return of the disease
to embarrass or humiliate you afterwards.
S^jg&fc /$sii cu^ es Contagious Blood
YS^ TOkT^ Poison in any and all
stages; contains no
fefet-jgS Jw^Ja mineral to break down
*^r your constitution ; it is
purely vegetable and the only blood puri-
fier known that cleanses the blood and
at the same time builds up the general
health.
Our little book on contagious blood
poison is the most complete and instruc-
tive ever issued; it not only tells all
about this disease, but* also how to cure
yourself at home. ' It is free and should
be.in the hands of everyone seekine 9
cure. Send for it. > *
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.~Michael Lea, convicted of burglary, waa
sentenced to four years' imprisonment at
San Quentin by Judge Dunne yesterday.
Lea -when arrested had a lot of jewelry
on his person which was Identified by tho
owner of a. jewelry store at 916 Market
street as his property.
Burglar Sentenced.
Peter Busch filed a eult for $20,000 dam
ages against the Market-street Railway
Company yesterday. He alleges that he
was knocked down by a car at the junc
tion of Market and Sixth streets last
June and received Injuries which dam
aged him to that extent.
Heavy Suit for Damages.
T. J. Mahoney, consul commander of
Mount Tamalpais Camp, Woodmen of the
World, swore to a complaint in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday for the arrest of
B. C. Jenkins, treasurer of the can:p on a
charge of felony embezzlement. Jenkins
Is accused of misappropriating $290 of
lodge dues which came into his posses
sion. , ._ C.
~Wbfcr the shortage was discovered a de
mand was made upon Jenkins for the
money. He frankly confessed, so Mahouey
says that he did not have It. and said he
had been attacked by footpads last weeic
and robbed. He was under bonds to a
surety company, and application was
made to the, company, but they said they
could do nothing till action had been
taken against Jenkins, hence the warrant
for his arrest. He lives in Frultvale.
"Warrant Out for the Arrest of S. C.
Jenkins of Mount Tamalpais
Camp.
Ex-Captain John M. Neall appeared
with Crittenden Thornton, his attorney
In the United States District Court yes
terday morning to receive sentence \u25a0 for
having forged the name of Paymaster
Long to a voucher for $460. Judge de
Haven imposed a pentence of two years'
Imprisonment ut hard labor In the State
Pentlttntiary at San Quentin. Attorney
Thornton was allowed twenty days' time
in which to file papers en appeal.
Neall came within an ace of escaping
punishment altogether. Had his attor
ney demurred to the indictment on the
point raised last Tuesday on the motion
for arrest of judgment the accused might
hava been set free, for Judge de Haven
Eaid that ho might have sustained a de
murrer, but that- it wa3 too late after a
conviction had been had to object to the
indictment. Had the demurrer been made
and sustained the indictment; would have
been nullified and the Government would
have been debarred by the statute of
limitations from prosecuting the case. It
is probable, however, that the higher
court may rule that a conviction had
upon a void Indictment la also void. So
there is hope yet for the little man who
has suffered very much already Xor his
sins. ' \u25a0'
"Will Servo Two Years in the State
Prison%t San Quentin at Hard
Labor.
LIGHT SENTENCE PASSED
ON NEALL FOR FORGERY
WOODMEN" OF THE WOULD
TREASTTREB A DEFAULTER
Craig "Will Contest.
•The, trial of the contest \u25a0 over the $5000
estate' of Mrs. Eva Craig was resumed be
fore Judge Coffey yesterday. Mrs. Bar
row, a sister of the deceased, testified
that the deceased was addicted to the use
of paregoric and that for three or four
years before her death Mrs. Craig was
not in the full possession of her faculties.
She also testified that her sister Informed
her on different occasions that,' she was
not married to Bodwell, the man to whom
she afterward left her property.
The case was continued until this morn
ing, when other witnesses will testify in
the behalf of W. McMurray, father of
Mrs. Craig, who is contesting Bodwell' s
claim to the property.
Coleman Sues for Furniture.
John M. Coleman filed a suit yesterday
against his former wife, now Mabel
Smith, and her husband, Edwin V. Smith,
for the furniture 'which the Smiths are
using. He alleges that the furniture was
accumulated by him and Mrs. Smith be
fore they wers divorced, and he objects
to Smith using it. He values it at $1500
and asks the court to order It eold and
that half the proceeds of tne sale be
turned over to him.
The following suits for divorce were
granted yesterday: Emily G. Greene from
Paul D. Greene, willful desertion; Byron
Stovall from Minnie C. Stovall, desertion;
Helen A. Hanklns from' Samuel J. Han
klns, desertion; Cipriano Jordan from
Juana Jordan, desertion. The following
new suits for divorce were filed: Julius
Falbe against Hazel Falbe, desertion; Nels
Petersen against Lillian Petersen, deser
tion; Cordelia L. Ford against John R.
Ford, desertion; John J. Klapper against
Jennie Klapper, cruelty; M. Burnham
against Frank H. Burnham, desertion;
John L. Relnhardt against Ella . Rein
hardt, desertion; Abbie W. Call against
Benjamin G. Call, desertion; Charles
Rostain against Juliana Rostain, deser
tion; Alfred C. Gustafson against Helena
Gustaf son, cruelty. ,
Divorce Proceedings.
Chief Sullivan received a letter from E.
W. King, medical superintendent of the
Mendocino State Hospital, Talmage, Calo..
yesterday announcing that Leopold
Strassman has fully recovered. King
asked that an officer be sent to return
Strassman to this city to stand trial for
assault to murder.
Strassman, who is an ex-convict- and
addicted to the use of drugs, was
estranged from his family, and on
the mornins of August . 10, last
year he made a demand for money upon
Joseph Pllger, 1418 Larkin street, his
brother-in-law. His demand was refused.
It was the custom of Strassman's father,
who is aged and almost blind, to take a
short walk after breakfast. As he left toe
house of his son-in-law that morning.
Leopold, who was across the. street, ran
toward him and shot him three times.
The old man recovered, and Leopold,
who was a physical wreck from the use of
morphine, was taken before the Insanity
Commissioners and committed to the in
sane asylum.
He Will Be Brought Back for Trial
for Shooting His Aged
Father.
STBASSTVTATf BECOVKRS .,
FROM EFFECTS OF DRUGS
The bride, who is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Poheim, Is a very handsome
blonde, a talented musician and all round
accomplished young lady. She is a grad
uate of the Van Ness Seminary and is a
recognized belle. She was attired in a
magnificent gown of white satin, made
en traine. The skirt was elaborately em
bicldered and the cp.rsage finished oft
with yoke and sleeves of exquisite Duch
es?e lace that has been a prized family
pessession for many years. Miss Pock
wilz, the maid of honor, wore a dainty
gown of embroidered green chiffon. Mrs
Pcheim, mother of the bride, was attired
in a beautiful gown of yellow satin,
trimmed with black Lice and roses.
After the church ceremony there was a
reception at the Poheim home on Wash
ington street. The house, like the church,
waa prettily decorated, green and white
being the prevailing colors.
Mr. and Mrs. Pockwitz leave to-day for
Del Monte for a week's stay. They \u25a0will
then go East, where two months will be
spent previous to their return to this
city, where they will make their home.
M-M-M \u25a0!\u25a0 1 I !\u25a0 I-I-l-I-4-l-I-I-M-WThH: •
Miss Frieda Pockwitz, sister of the
grcem, officiated as maid of honor and
Hugo G. Poheim, brother of the bride,
was best man.
A feature at the church was the musical
programme that preceded the ceremony.
Hugo Poheim rendered a violin solo, "Call
Me Thine Own," with organ accompani
ment by Harry Wood Brown, and Mr.
Brown gave with fine effect a vocal solo,
"Oh Fair and Sweet and Holy." Mr. Po
heim's selection Immediately preceded the
heppy strains of the wedding march and
Mr. Brown's solo was rendered while the
happy couple faced the officiating clergy
men and just before the binding words
were spoken.
Miss Katherine Helen Pohelm and Leo
Pcckwltz were married last evening at St.
Paul's Lutheran Church, of which both
bride and groom are members. Pastor
Schroeder officiated at the ceremony.
The Rev. Dr. Voorsanger. was- the of
ficiating clergyman. Miss Hilda Gold
man was the maid of honor and SIgmund
OttJnger the best man. Miss Josephine
Steiner acted as flower-bearer. , .
The bride wore a white satin gown,
elaborately trimmed with tulle and lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Ottenheimer leave to-day
for the south, where they will spend their
honeymoon.
A very pnetty though simple wedding
was that of Miss Frankie Mae Desbeck
and Martin C. Ottenheimer, celebrated
last evening at 7 o'clock at the home of
the bride's mother, Mrs. Rebecca Des
btck, 807 Franklin street.
Mr. and Mrs. Harley will go North, East
and South on their bridal trip. First they
go to Canada, then to the Eastern
States, from where they will go to Florida
and Cuba. They will be gone three
months.
The. bridal bouquet was composed v .of
orchids and lilies of the valley. *
Mis s Deming, the maid of honor, wore a
handsome gown of pink poplin, trimmed
with lace and chiffon. She carried a
bouquet of American Beauty roses.
The bridesmaids were attired alike in
pink crepe de chine and carried bouquets
of Cecil Bruner roses.
Standing in a magnificent bower of
American Beauty roses at the home of
the bride on Kills street. Miss Florence
Deming and Charles K. Harley were
married last evening by the Rev. Father
Prendergast.
The ceremony was ' performed at 9
o'clock. Miss Alice Demine. cousin of the
bride officiated as maid of honor and
Miss Leah Shengleberger and Miss Marg
ery Gibbons were the bridesmaids.
Walter S. Moore acted as best man and
Isaac Upham and Vincent de Laveaga
were the ribbon bearers.
William H. Deming, brother of the
bride, gave her into the keeping of the
B Vlie bride wore an exquisite gown of
white satin made en traine. The corsage
was finished off with sleeves and yoke
of white mousseline and a magnificent
bertha of Venetian point. A tulle- veil,
fastened to the coiffure with a wreath of
orange blossoms and a diamond sunburst,
the gift of the groom, completed the cos
tume.
Messrs. Sam Boardman, Prescott Scott,
Willard Drown, Porter Garnett and Mr.
Llvermore officiated as ushers, and Mr.
Philip Baekus was the best man. After
the ceremony a bridal breakfast was
s-erved at the home of the bride's 'parents,
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Crockett, on Cali
fornia street. There, as at the church,
no elaborate attempts at decorations were
mad'. The effect aimed at was pink and
green, and splendid bunches of hydran
geas and carnations and magnificent
palms were used with telling effect.
About 100 gutsts were present at the
wedding breakfast. .
Some very handsome toilettes were
worn at the wedding. Mrs. Crockett,
mother of the bride, wore an elegant
gown of white lace. Her hat was white
and finished off with a pink plume.
Mrs. Irving Scott, mother of the groom,
wore an exquisite gown of pale gray
satin relieved with lavender veivet and
trimmed with quantities of rare old white
Mr and Mrs. Scott left last evening for
a bridal trip, 'keeping their destination a
secret, however. On their return they
will be the guests of the bride's parents,,
with whom they will spend the winter.
The bridesmaids, Miss Emma Grim
wood, Miss Edith McBean, Miss Gene
vleve Carolan, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss
Frances Hopkins and Miss Georgina Hop
kins, were dressed alike in dainty pink
chiffon gowns. Pretty pink hats trimmed
with lace, a band of mink and plumes
were worn.
Although the ceremony was announced
for the noon hour it was hardly more
than a few minutes after 11 o'clock when
every seat in the sacred edifice was occu
pied. As the hour advanced a fringe of
pretty maidens and stalwart beaux lined
the walls and filled the aisles. Just as
the last stroke of the city bells which
chimed the noon hour died away the
strains of the wedding march burst forth
and announced the arrival of the bridal
party. From the vestry room came the
ushers, followed by the six pretty brides
maids, a stunning picture in their fetch
ing pink gowns and pretty rose hats.
Down the center aisle they marched to
meet the bride and her matron of honor.
The procession was then re-formed, the
ushers leading the way, followed by the
bridesmaids, who In turn preceded the
matron of honor. The bride, leaning on
the arm of her father, closed the bridal
procession.
The groom and his best man awaited
the bride at the altar, where Bishop
Nichols, assisted by Dr. Foute, the rector
of Grace Church, performed the • cere
mony. The bride looked extremely pretty
in her magnificent white satin gown,
which was a triumph of good taste and
the dressmaker's art. The skirt was made
en traine and perfectly plain. The corsage
was finished with a yoke of finely shirred
mousseline and trimmed with exquisite
point lace. The groom's gift, a diamond
fleur-de-lis, an.i the gift of the groom's
mother, a handsome bowknot of bril
liants, were the only ornaments worn.
Mrs. Walter Martin, the matron of
honor, was magnificently attired in a
white lace gown. Her hat was of pink
panne velvet, trimmed with lace and fin
ished oft with a long plume.
WEDDING bells rang out a Joy
ous peal yesterday, inaugurat
ing the social season with a
series of elegant church and
home ceremonies.
Grace Church was the brilliant scene of
the wedding of Miss Caro Crockett and
Laurence Irving Scott, and all society
donned Its prettiest attire and lent lta
presence to the happy event.
\u25a0 Some startling revelations are promised
when the , suit brought by George H.
Cross, a member of the firm of Faber &
Co., grocers, 119 Taylor street, for the an
nulment; of his marriage, with Miss Lor
etta Newbert comes up for trial In the
Superior Court. There is a case pending
before Police Judge Conlan against Cross
for failure to provide for his child, aiid
ex- Judge Ferral has been engaged to
prosecute. \
' Cross makes the allegation in his com
plaint for annulment of the marriage that
he was. forced into it at the point of a
revolver by Bernard Conlon, a brother-in
law of the bride, and Policeman James
Cook on the night of July 10 before Jus
tice of the Peace Groezinger. Conlon in
speaking of . the matter yesterday said:
"It is not true that he was forced into
the marriage. At his request I called at
the grocery, 119 Taylor street, and in the
presence of a number of people he asked,
me to procure a marriage license. He'
gave me a written order to that effect giv
ing his full name and age. I got the li
cense, and it was agreed that the cere
mony should be performed by Justice
Groezinger at 8 o'clock that night in his
chambers. Cross was late in making his
appearance and the Judge had a theater
engagement, so we waited till after the
performance, and the marriage took place
shortly before midnight. I had him ar
rested, however, as I believed he intended
leaving the city. A child was born in
August, but Cross has . done nothing co
support it or his wife. I understand he
has promised to marry another girl In
November. , .
Relatives of Mrs. George H. Cross
Actively Preparing for a Leg-al \u25a0'\u25a0
• . Battle.
BITTEB FIGHT OVER
A HASTY MAB-RIAGE
A week's courtship, a honeymoon that
destroyed illusions, a month more of tem
pestuous married life, and a year, now
nearly one-third gone, of waiting till di
vorce proceedings can be instituted — such
are the experiences, which, crowding- Into
the life of Miss Edna Lewis that was,
sister of Gertrude Lewis, the actress, have
set society in Ban Francisco and stageland
in New York talking 1 . The unhappy young
wife, Mrs. Jonas L. Hazelton, or Mrs.
Edna Lewis, as she desires now to be
known. Is living quietly with her parents
at their home On Washington street, near
Franklin, turning a deaf ear to gossip and
waiting till she may bring suit for divorce.
The husband Is managing his theaters In
New York and saying unchlvalrous things
of the wife who left him.
Miss Lewis was but 17 when »h© met
Hazelton last February In New York. His
wooing was torrid and. after a week's ac
quaintance the two were wed February
25. \u25a0 She was not 18 until March 8, but her
mother, Mrs. William Lewis, and Ger
trude Lewis, her sister, were present and
willing to make the best of the girl's
hasty marriage.
After; a Week's Courtship.
Miss Lewis had 'been, with her sister,
leading. lady of Daniel Frohrrian's "Near
the Throne" company, in her. tour of the
principal Eastern cities the previous sea
son and was again making the tour with
her, though she had no stage aspirations
herself. In New York she met Hazelton,
26 years old and handsome, the lessee and
manager of two theaters in Syracuse, one
In Rochester . and" one in Oswego. Hazel
ton was at. once Infatuated with the beau
tiful Californienne, and at the end of a
week's courtship he gained her consent to
an Immediate marriage. There was an
extensive honeymoon trip and the stun
ning blonde bride was much- admired.
. The friends here of the former" -Miss
Lewis were much, surprised early in July
by her sudden return to her parents. She
and her mother went at once to Highland
Springs and when her husband arrived ic
San Francisco some days later to try to
Induce his wife to return to him he Was
unable to see her, as she refused to. meet
him or to consider his efforts at recon
ciliation. . .
Says His Tales Are False.
Hazelton then began circulating stories
of her conduct during their brief married
life, stories which she brands as wholly
false and invented by him out of revenge
for her refusal to return to- him. •.
By- her marriage in New York Mlsa
Lewis lost her residence in San Francisco
and in conseauence she must wait until
next July before she can bring suit for
divorce. Just as soon as possible she will
commence action and she asserts there
are grounds a-plenty. She says her hus-
President Case of the Shipwrights' and
Calkers 1 Union candidly admitted last
night that the strike was a failure. He
said further that the majority of the
members of the union, being married men.
hailed the settlement cf the strike at any
terms with pleasure. He resumed:
Many of the men were In sore straits, and
they were growing very rest!«>*s. Every at
tempt at a compromipe met with failure, and
the result was that the more timid began to
desert the union, while ethers returned to
\u25a0work. As the situation was virtually hopeless,
;."Vi« decided to come to some settlement at any
cost. The management of the Union and Ris
<5o!i Works treated us with great courtesy, but
they positively refused to grant the term's for
which we contended. We final!;,- pave way to
pressure and came to terms. We lost our
fifrht and we wilj accept our defeat with for
titude. How our action will affect the ma
chinists 1 ' strike I have no means of know
ing, but I do not think it will benefit their
ctuse. Judging by what I saw and heard <3ur
lns our negotiations for settlement I have ar
rived at the conclusion that the machinists'
fight Is hopeless.
While the management of the Union
end Risdon works are jubilant at ' the
abandonment by the shipwrights of their
fight, they say little. They express the
belief however, that the machinists'
strike Js disintegrating- slowly and that
the action of the shipwrights will hasten
the end of the trouble. The return of the
Fixty men will ease matters considerably
at both works, and in a measure provide
the Iron men with additional munitions of
war against the striking machinists. It
Is believed that the ship joiners, fitters,
riveters, boiler makers and pattern mak
ers who are still out will eoorr<lroD in line
with the ship-n-rights. several committees
from those bodies having already inquired
nsto t"3rms of settlement.
When these terms had been thoroughly
discussed and agreed to by the iron men
and representatives of the union, the
committee immediately called a special
meeting of the union and the recommen
dation was made that the terms be ac
cepted. The union thereupon adopted a
resolution declaring the strike oft" and
instructing members to return to work at
their own convenience.
The effect of the action was the return
to the Union Iron Works of thirty men
yesterday morning. At the same time a
like number joined the forces at the Ris
don Iron Works. In the latter works
about eighty shipwrights were employed
before the strike in May. Captain Taylor
announced that he could not immediately
take back all his old force, but thought
the men could be given places within the
next two weeks. Inasmuch as the Union
Iron Works Is doing considerable repair
work on transports and other vessels. It is
thought -a largely increased force of ship
wrights as well as calkers will be re
quired within a few days.
Strike Is a Failure.
That in the event of the machinists winning
thiir fijtht for nine hours with ten hours' pay,
the shipwrights and calkers shall be allowed the
same terms.
That the union be recognized as a body, the
emj.lojers agreeing not to discriminate against
union shipwrights and calkers because of their
fcff.liatiou with the union.
That all union shipwrights and calkers be re
instated to their old jjositions on application, or
as s<xm thereafter as conditions will allow
their employment.
That the oid schedule of wages, namely, $3 75
a .lay for new work and Si 40 a day for old
v.ork, remain in force pending the determina
tion of the machinists' strike.
A severe blow was dealt the machinists'
strike yesterday when the news was made
public that the members of Shipwrights'
and Calkers' Union No. 9162 had formal
ly resolved on Tuesday to declare off their
strike for nine hours with ten hours' pay.
That the information, was correct was
demonstrated at the Union and Klsdon
Iron Works during the morning, whea
some sixty men, who walked out with
the machinists on May 20, applied for
and were given work at the old terms.
The action of tne shipwrights was not
unexpected by the iron men. The mat
ter of returning to work had been dis
cussed for several weeks in the union,
*tnd aji early break v.-as- looked for. Con
sequently, when a committee of the union
three weeks ago began overtures by ask
ing on what terms peace might be re
stored, the iron men felt that the end
\u25a0was near. Several consultations were
had. and the terms fully discussed. On
Tuesday the final meeting of the commit
tee of shipwrights, consisting of Edward
Case, president of the union; Alexander
Cunningham and Charles Maury and Ir
ving M. Sccti cf the Union Iron Works
ana Captain Taylor of the Risdon Iron
Works -.vas hela. The following agree
ment was reached and accepted as linal
by both factions:
Terms of Settlement.
Strikers Candidly Admit Their De
feat and Say They Are Glad the
Long Contest Is
Ended.
Mechanics Accept Old Terms
and Sixty Return to
Iron Works.
Ho Yow, when Interviewed, said that he
had inquired Into the rumored change and
believed It would not be made for some
time. ' "\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . . • ' ' ~ .. \u25a0.
Persistent rumors that Chinese Consul
General Ho Yow would be removed from
San Francisco by order of the imperial
Government caused Chinese merchants to
meet Tuesday night to devlsa means by
which he migrht be retained. Yesterday
the Consul -thanked the merchants for
their kindly interest and assured them
that, bo far as he has been able to ascer
tain, no change would be made In his po
sition.
The rumors grew out of a dlsp'Srtch from
Peking to the effect that Wu Ting 1 Fang;
Minister to Washington, would bo sent to
St. Petersburg. This change would af
fect the ministerial diplomatic corps, of
which Ho Tow Is a member. Immediate
ly thqre was much comment In Chinatown
on the reported change and the meeting
Tuesday night was the result.
The merchants met with tha Blx Com
panies and resolved to appeal to the Chi
nese Government to retain Ho Yow at
this port. During the meeting the Con
sul General was paid high compliments
for the Interest he has taken In both local
and international affairs. The sentiment
was expressed that the city would lose
much in the diplomat's removal.
Six Companies to Appeal to
Imperial Government
to Retain Him,
Theatrical Manager Is De
serted by His San Fran
cisco Bride.
Union Men Give Up Fight
After Struggle of
Five Months.
"Young Wife Waiting
Prescribed Time to
Ask Divorce.
Rumors of a Diplomatic
Change Arouse the
Chinese.
SHIPWRIGHTS
AND CALKERS
STRIKE OFF
WEEK'S WOOING
YEAR'S PENANCE
MERCHANTS WANT
HO YOW TO STAY
THE* SAN F11A1SXISCO CALL, THURSDAY, UCTOBEK IT, ;l?oi.
Social Season Brilliantly Inaugurated by
Fine Church and Home Ceremonies.
WEDDING BELLS RING OUT
ON CUPID'S BUSY DAY
band was cruel and "horrid" and that his
conduct gave her many causes for di
vorce but that when the time comes her
lawyer must determine what of them
shall go Into the complaint. If Hazelton
does not oppose the application for di
vorce her- own wishes will dictate that
simple "Incompatibility" be the ground al
leged. *
YOUNG SOCIETT COUPLE 'WHO
ARE NOW HUSBAND AND
WIFE.
9
SOUTHERN PACIPIO.
Train* l«nv« nmi nr« duo lu nrrlve Ml
MAN FKANMNCO. (
<\u25a0 (Main Line. Foot of tUrket Street)
luti — Fp.o« Octobsb 6. 1901. — akkitS
7:OOa Benlda, Suisuu, Elmlra and Sasr*-
niento 6'23p
7:00a Vaci»ill«. Wloten. Ramsey T:35j>
1 :3u A M art li.-ez. Sau ltauiou. V allejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa KosaV. 0i33p
8:00a DmU, Woodland. Knignts Landing,
MarjsTille. <)rofille_ Tt83»,
SiOO* AtUutia Kzpreu— Ordan and Hut 13:33p
H:O»a Ntles, Ii&throp. Stockton 7i*»»
S:UO« Mllet, Mendota, Uanlord. Visalia,
Pofterrille *« 5 3*
StSOA Shuta Expreu— Dm? U, Williams jffor
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Red
Bluff. Portland. 7«»3»
»iUI>a S«n Joeo. U»ermote, Stockton,
lone, Hiterameuto, PUckitIUb,
M»rys»»K Chlco, UmlltlulT 4iS3p
SiSAa O&kdalp, Chiaese.Sonnra. Carters... 4:2Ap
WsOOa Hayward. Nilti aad Way SUtioua.. 1 liM A
SzOOa Vallejo la:23f
UiOOa Lob Angeles Erpress — Martinez,
Tracy, L»throp. Stoektoa, Meiocd
Freauo and Los Angeles 7:23?
OtSftA Vallelo, Martiuez anil Way Station! 7iO»V
IOsOOA The OTerland limUed— OgdoQ. Den- ' _
Ter, Umaha. Chicago «i»5*
fliOOp Sacramento Kit er Hietmerc tS:O» A
8:3<>p Mayirard, NUra aud Way Htatiooa.. 7:30r
\u25a0»iu»»f Beulcla, Winters, HfteraiuetOo,
Woudlaiul, KiiIkIiU l.audlug,
MuryBTlllo. OroTllls 10:33a
4:OOr MartliiBX, Han JUmoii. Vallojo.
N»l»i. <l»litto«i%. Manta Itornt »t23«. ,
4«.OOp Niles LiTennore, Stocktoa Lodi... 12i23p
4iSt»r Haywird, Mies, Mm ••"««. UTtnnor* tf»:33*> '.
4i3Op>*ort Co»-a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton Ios^Sa
StVUrTho Owl l.lraited— (muo, Tulare,
BakersQelil. Mangua for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles 8:334
3:00p Martinez. Aotioch, Stocktoa, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1*:M»
5:30? New Orleans Exprew— Mendota.
Fresno, Bakeratitud. Los Angeles.
lXiuing. £1 Vmo, Kott Orleans
»nd East.... 7:334
fltOOp lUywanl, Miles and Han Jote 7i53«
f«sO«p Vallejo II:23«.
tttOOp Oriental Mail-Og«!en, Chejenne. >
Omaha, nbloigo » ia«23p
CiOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer. > «>
St. Louts, Chlc*«o. 4:23*
7:00 r Oregon and Calif urni* Kl|>resa,Hao>
nuiiniito. M»r»n»illo, Itttilillng,
1'oifcUii.l. Piiget rti.iind ami Kaak 8:33a
BiOSrSan Pablo. Fort Coata, Martlnex
and W»j .itatlons Ill 2? A
t8:03p Valli-jo -io*t
COAST LINE (Narrow <-»«*•)•
' (Foot tit Market Street.)
SiISa Newark.OViitrrTUie.Mau.loM.Ki-ltoii,
liouldert 1 reek.!iaiiUCiiixandWay
Stations ;••• ° !3(> »
ta>l3p Newark, Centervltle. San .luae. New
Almaueo. Felton. ItonUler C're«k.
Santa Crux mud l'rinotpal Waf •
Station* !2'5«*
\u25a0 4«13p Newark, San Jose. I.O* Gatoa t» sj » w *>
aO.nnr Hunter*' Tr»iii-S»n Joae and TV ay
Stations !7.3Bp
OAKLAND HARBOR. FERRY.
from SJL3 msUSCO— f»« »l »»rket StrMt (Slip 8>—
tV:15 9:00 11:00*. ». 1:03 3:03 6:I3r.M.
ffiiaOlIUIIB— FiilafBri»awa«.— 1«:00 *d.00 tS:05
10.00«.m. 1253 a.Ca i:C3-r.M.
COAST LINE (nroad <l«B B e).
(Third and Tovrnaemt Sts.)
" a. I «a San Jose and Way Htotlons. . •»»•*
7-.S)Oa H«. Jo.e ami Way HUUuua *>*»*
/7j»»a New AluiadMi ...— /«"•*
UiOOa Han Joae. T«e» Wno». H«it« Oru«.
J'ncilic Urine, Mallnis. tian Lola
I ' ":L '' OWspo, Santa Barbara and Prin- ,
aifMi Intermediate Mtatloiis 7»'« 3 P
IOiSOa. San Jtae aud Way dtatlona Vh* T
IIsSOa Han .l«i« »...! W»y St.ai.iua BtHup
VZi l»r San .Matru. Uedwooil. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hauta Clara, Hun .lo«e.
TreaFlaos, 8»nta V.tm, Salinas.
Momerey ai»« I'aclftc V,toia tl«j43*
Si»op Han .line anil Way Htntioua. e:»O.v
t4>l!>r Sari Joieaiol rrii.oipal Way Sutlmia *:-t»x
15:oor S*n Jose, Imu Gatos aad Principal
Way Stations f*'- 0 ®*
BlSOr Ran Joan and PrincipulWay Stations »:30a
e»UOr Kedwo-^d. Kan Jos«. Gilrny. Salinas,
Santa, Barbara, Lot Angeles/ I 0:03a
«:SI>r San Joae ami Way H tat tons.. 7- \u2666!»:«•»*
t |l:j.1r San Joae »n«t W»T StatHwia.. Qi30r
A far Morning >* for Afternoon,
t Sunday exeented. t Snnday only
a Saturday only. and Pndaya^
WeeHy Gall $1.00 jer Year
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
perfect cleanliness and
comfort.
. '. Sold all over the world.
THROW TOUR TRUSS AWAY.
jrjk ESTABLISHED 1891 jffiffijB^v
BY FIDELITY METHOD. I^M H
We Cure— Positive— Per- S?|£§3S\ £g|
manent-and Gnn.ra.ntee £&$£5*£|tAf?f
lor Life. We mean wtatw Ws%3$a l %&
ny We can cure you. 12,00© Kf^pSaxJ^r
cures in last 7 years. We cure in pgfeW
60 days without pain or loss of »»S|3& xJ
time. Successful on men, women l ?%g?*Sv»;j
and children. . No chance for RJspffSpS
ncTpay until cured MWft 24
Testimonials at our office or 283 |K3 "9
references furnished on applici- 3>4 «*? * 3
tlon. All patients must come to t&| VSg \u25a0£
this oflice for piofessionil atten- $3 I5S 5 o
FRANK H. WRAY, OT. D.
Rooms 410-11-12. •
PierikBuildlne. SPRINGFIELD. ILL.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Marfret-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a -8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
•• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 3:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
\u25a0 •• Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago...-. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning 1 , p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
leaving- Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-clasa passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives j at
12:30 p. m. dally. : ' • •
\u25a0 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers arnli
Free Reclining: Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. .
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m,
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a, m. daily. .
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. : \
HOUNT TAMALPAIS "RAILWAY
Leave I Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.' _
Week Sun- \u25a0^iMr.x.tninaw™ ? nn : V A'f^
9-30 a. 8:00 a. - ntmiBt i«t« »t Tao 1-00 p. 0:45 A.
1:15 p. t "•' 22?^ * 5:65 P.
F»rc, San Frmrisco to Bummlt »n4 TUhirn. 1.1.90.
. Ticket Offlci, 621 MAKKXT STREET tad 8ADSA1ITO 11EET.
/^^ r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
"M- trJJm 629 EE.1B.VT ST. Established
MS31tSwSSV|n 1834 for the treatment of Private
ESI JJ^Wwl D\ne**ex, Lost Manhood. Debility or
2rfw^»sKw rl l s( * asft wearingon body and nilnfi and
S8w^S*SSskln Diseases. Tiie Doctorcures when
fail. Try him. Charges low.
Callorwrit*
l»r. Jf. Jf. 9IBBOK a Uau .Francisco. Cal. _i \u25a0
NEW AD . v Jiatxxa !<; lyTKNTS.
I2T THE GOOD OLD . C
FASHIONED DAYS
Powdered Wigs Formed an Important
- Adjunct to a Gentleman's Apparel:
1 It is safe to say that the majority of
bald men of to-day would gladly revive
tho old, dignified custom if they could.
But they can do the, next best thing to
it; that is, to revive the growth of the
hair nature gave them.
In cases where the hair root or hair
bulb has not been, completely destroyed
by parasites that Infest it, Ne-wbro's Her-
picide will do wonders in the, way of stim-
ulating the growth" of lifeless and failing
hair. .Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect! That is the successful mission of
Herplcide. , :
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEfiH £L CO.
IjEOSEJEJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
i RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Tlburon F«rry. Foot 1 \u25a0\u25a0>»* M»
San Francisco to San Rafae!.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. U:00 a. m.; 11:35,
3:30, G:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:a0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, J:tO.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I WeeH
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
S :30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 5;00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am i Windsor, • 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton. \u25a0 -
Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ulclah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am W:iO am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and ,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami '. I 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagg3 Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah lor Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Wttter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell'a,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs.. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal, Willits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, ' R. X. RYAN.
'' . Gen. Manager. \u25a0 Gen. Pas* Agt.
NORTH PAGING COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sautallto F«rry.
Commencing September 29," 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLPT
AND SAN RAFAEL. ws . r
-WEEK DAYS-6:55. 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 » _
n -45 8:15. 4:15. 5:15, *S:15, 8:45 p. m. • . DL '
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill. Valley, and San
Rafael on j Mondays Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. »»w-
SUNDAYS-»8:00. »10:00. 11:20 a. ra 1-k
8-15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m. ' ' \u25a0 . '• *'••*
Trains marked (\u2666) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI«?rr>
WEEK DAYS-'5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8-35 Mmc
a mT^ '12:25. 2:15, »3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m ' l0 ' U
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m . cau ** B
SUNDAYS-6:15 a »8:00. •lffl:0^ > lua
•1:40. *3: 15. 4:45, *«:3O p. m. "••
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45, 7:65, 8 ?53 io%
am.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m. " v"' 30
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ' C8aa3r "
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15, 3:30
5:00, 6:45 P. m. \ \u25a0
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. \u25a0 » -
\ 1:45 p. ra. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. \u25a0
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. '
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. . '
GRAPE-NUTS.
BOXES OF GOLD.
Sent for letters About Grape-Nuts.
330 boxes of gold and greenbacks will be
sent to persons writing interesting and
truthful letters about the grood that has
been done them by the use of Grape-Nuts
food.
10 little boxes, each containing a $10
ffold piece. -Brill be sent the 10 writers of
the most Interesting letters.
20 boxes, each containing a $5 gold piece,
to the 20 next most interesting writers,
and a $1 greenback will go to each of
the 300 next best. A committee of three.
not members of the Postum Co., will
make decision between Dec 1st and 10th,
120L
Write plain. Feasible letters, giving de-
tailed facts of Ill-health caused from im-
proper food and explain the Improvement,
the gain in strength, In weight, or in
brain power after using: Grape-Nuts food.
It Is a profound fact that most alls of
humanity' come from Improper and non-
nourishing food, euch as white bread, hot
biscuit, starchy and uncooked cereals,
etc
A change to perfectly cooked, predi-
gested food like Grape-Nuts, scientifically
made and containing exactly the elements
nature requires for building the delicate
and wonderful cells of brain and body,
will Quickly change a half sick person to
a well person. Food, good food. Is
Nature's strongest weapon of defense. I
Include In letter the true names and
addresses, carefully written, of 20 persons,
not very well, to whom we can write re-
garding the food cure by Grape-ICuts.
Almdst every one interested In pure
food is willing to have his or her name
appear In the papers for euch help as
they may offer the human race. A re-
quest, however, to omit name will be re-
epected. Try for one of the 330 prizes.
Every one has an equal chow. Don't
write poetry, but just honest and inter-
esting facts about the good you have ob-
tained from tbe pure food Grape-Nuts.
If a man or woman has found a true way
to get well and keep well, it should be a
pleasure to stretch a helping hand to hu-
manity by telling the facts.
Write your name and address plainly
on letter and mail promptly to the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich, ;V-V'*'
ADVERTISEMENTS." "
vii 1 ~" ==as *«=C^MJTF] -^-{pf
4
TO THE MAN WHO THINKS.
pgl^OOK yourself squarely in the face and see
if you are riot half ashamed to be without
ij^gP Ivory Soap in your house. Wcrse than this,
l'**?^?J your wife is without it. It is bad enough
for a man, though a man often doesn't care how
his comfort is mis-spelled. But a woman misses all
these little helps to housekeeping.. And Ivory Soap
is one; its great potency makes it actually cheaper
than yellow soap for general work. It floats.
copyright im ar Txa moOTi* a aAMsic co. Cincinnati
' RAILWAY TBAVEIi.
ComJorjSb/Home
Go east "our \u25a0way" — with one of the Burlington Overland Excur-
\u25a0 \u25a0 sions, and you will be SURE to have a comfortable trip. i
Cars are clean; porters accommodating; excursion managers oblig-
ing; and the route is without an equal in point of interest.
From Los Angeles, Monday* and \Vednesda5rs : San Francisco Tuesdays and 5
Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis and, beyond. Tickets and berths
at Southern Pacific ticket offices or by writing
W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. 7
)K9aSVBsaa9QiBraSLaWBBaa3E2*SftXB&SSE»^^STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK, Oct. lG.-To-day's ctock market
reflected . a. puzzled and a h^sitatinu mood
axcors professional operators, who again" made
tip the bulk of tbie market. There Tras a
marlted disinclination to tcke on long stock
end pome timidity about making contracts on
the short side. Several special factors turned
the t5de toward depression and net losses were
tha rule, although they are not Important In
the general list. An organized bear campaign
against AmaJgaraated Copper, which was aided
by. much outlay of printers' Ink. unsettled the
irtarktt early Jn the session. The selMcg of
the stock waa by Boston Louses. The price
New York Stock Market.
ETOCK, AND BOSTD EXCHA1TGE.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 16-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES EOND3.
Bid.Ask. I Bi<J.Ask.
4s quar coup.. .112 112% 4s qr c (new).139 149
4s quar reg..:. 112 112% 3s quar coup. .108*4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06Vil07 Oceanic SS 5S.103U105
Cal-st 5s.. 118 — Omnibus C 6s.l29vl —
C C Water 6s.lllVill2% Pac G Imp 4s. 33H —
Ed L & P 6a. - 131% Pk & Cl H 6s.lC9' -
Fer & C H 6s. - 122 , Pk & O R 6s.l21 -
Ceary-st 6s — — Powl-st R 6b.. — —
H C & S 5V4s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 98 98%
Do 5s 99 — S F & SJV 68.122% —
Los Ang R 5s. 117% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light CS..101V4 — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113% _
Do gntd 5s. .101 103 (1910) 114%
L A & P 5s.. — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 (1905), Ser A. 107% —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905), Ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m 6s. — 122% (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2i4113% (1912) U9%119«
Do 5s ...121%122 S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01Vi — c gntd 6s 110%
-^B»5s 107V*108 S P Br Cal 6s. 134 —
Nor Cal R 5s. Ill — S V Water 6s.lU 112
Oak Gas Cs.... 111?* — I Do 4s 103%103»l
Oak Trans Cs..l22 123% | Do 4s 2d m..lO2 —
Do 1st c 5s.. 112 — |Stktn Baa 6s.. M* —
Oak "Wat g 5S.105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 77% [Port Costa 63-83
Marln County. 5S — I Spring* Valley. S3%
. ' GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L & P.... — — Paciflc Light.. 41" —
Equitable 3% — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual — 5% S F G'& E.... 44 44^4
Oakland — 52 San Francisco. 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 33% 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 — I
V BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .....— SO L P & X 158 160
California 408 412 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l0S% — S IT National. .130
First Nationl..310 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Eav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security Sav...275
Mutual Sav 60 — Union Trust. .1700 —
San Francisco. 525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — O S I* & H.... 40 —
Geary-.... — E0 Presidio 31
Market 90% 91 1
POWDER.
Giant — 75*4/ Vigorit 4 4%
SUGAR.
Hana ..: — 6%; Kilauea 10% —
Hawaiian ..... — 50 I Malta well 27% 2S%.
Honokaa 10% U I Onomea 24 25
Hutchinson ...15 15%!Paauhau 10% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..H0%142 Oceanic S Co.. 42% 46
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 93 Pac Aux FA.. 2% —
Cal "Wine Asn. S8 — Pac C Borax.. 163
Mer Exchngc.110 — Par Paint 16
/ Morning Session.
Board—
20 Honokaa Sugar Company.... 10 8714
40 Makaweli 27 jq
1 S Market Street Railway gj 75
245 Market Street Railway \ 91 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co « 75
15 Spring Valley Water ss 50
$20CO Northern Railway of Cal os 121 73
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Wine Association gg 50
20 California Wine Association 88 00
10 California Wine Association, s 90... 83 00 i
200 Equitable Gas - .... 3 gX 1
5 Giant Powder Con: 75 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Company, b 10." i{ CO
6 Oceanic Steamship Company " 44 '5
30 S F Gas & Electric Co -. . ; 44 55
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session. .
Board—
200 Home , 343
1000 Junction Jo
60CO Junction, s SO J """ \t
120 Kern River '..'.....: "/'" 750
100 McKUtrick ; \\ jg
3W Monarch of Arizona. \u25a0"** in
50 Occidental of West Virginia '." S3
70 Peerless jpyL
200 Reed CiTide . "- $•
20 San Joaquln Oil & Development....! - 7 87%
'y^ ? Afternoon Session.
V BoarS — ' ' • • . \u25a0\u25a0 f
200 Home 345
500 Junction .; jg
1CC0 Junction \&
2000 Lion ; ; ' os
Oil City Petroleum :.........-. 25
100 Peerless ;. 5 co -
E0 Peerless, b SO 5 37%
E0O Reed Crude 37
-. . .- .- -.. .- -
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Wheat acted with some
buoyancy at the opening, under the Influence
o£ Liverpool cables, which came in unchanged
on the break of >ic from top prices here yester
day. December opened Vkc to %c advanced at
70^<fr70^ic. but could not get higher. When it
was found that the demand was only a scat
tered one, selling became somewhat concen
trated and a few prominent bulls began to let
go of their holdings. In the absence of any
important news and with no outside demand,
dullness set in, followed by liquidations which
brought a slump in December prices to 69%c.
Despite the fact that receipts were the smallest
for any corresponding day In the past ten
years and that northwestern receipts have not
Improved to any extent, there was practically
no rally. December closed weak, ,%@ a />c de
pressed, at e9"i@70c.
Corn was quiet and fluctuated within a range
of Uc. \u25a0 Trading was confined almost entirely
to the scalping element. December closed
rather weak, H@%c down, at 56%c. .
Oats were : asain profoundly dull. December
elbsed steady, a shade higher, at 35V4@35Vic. '
Hog products ruled steady with higher teft
dencies, based on a strong hog market. There
was a fair demand at times from shorts, as
well- as some demand for lard and ribs from
commission houses. January pork closed 17VJC
higher, lard 7Vi@10c up and ribs Be higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:'. .
Articles— > Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— '
October 69Vi .69^4 68V4 68%
December 70% 7O5i -69%- - 7Q'
May.;. 74 .74 73tf 7314
Corn No. 2 —
October 55'£ 55'/4 - co'/s 55V»
December E63j 66% 66V* * EB^i
May : BS% BS% '\u25a0' 58V4 68 y.
Oats No. 2— - ."
October 31% 34U
December .• 35V4 - 35H 35V4 35V1
May - 37% 37% 37% 37V*
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October ...13 75 13 75
January ..15 10 15 22V4 15 10 \u25a0 1-5 17V4
May ..15 23 15 32V4 15 17V4 15 22%
Lard, per 100 pounds — —-.-..
October 9 42ft" .... 9 42V4
November 9 80 9 82^4 9 80 * 9 SO
January 9 00 9 05 9 00 9 03
May 9 02V4 9 07%. 9 O2V4 9 05
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— . ' .
October 8 25 8 40 \u25a0 8 22Va 8 40 '.
January' 7 87% [1 92V4 7 87V4 7 90 '
May 8 00 V 8 02V 3 7 97^ 7 m<t
Cash quotations were -as - follows: •' Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 67@67V4c; No. 2 red,
70',4<!?71%c; No. 2 corn, 66Vic; No. .2 oats. Soil©
;>< \u25a0 ••\u25a0-\u25a0.
Chicago Grain Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about WiC under quotations. * Heavy salted
Stders, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
BVc for heavy and 9c for linht; Stags, 7c: Salted
Kip, 9VSc;- Salted .Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, 10®
10£c; Dry Hides. 16@15V 2 c; Culls, 14c; Dry Kip,
18c; Dry Calf, lSc; Culls and Brands,- 13c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 151030c each; shprt Wool,
4CQ'60c cn.ch; medlUTn, 50@75c; long "Wool." 90c©
$1 10 each; Horso Hides, salt. J2 50S2 75 for
U.i-cu »m! S2fi2 25 for medium. XI 7j for small
Hides,: Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10-%c; three
half-barrels,' 1014c; one tierce, 10V»c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at.7^@Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
12'/tc; 10-lb tins. 12%c: 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins,
13c. •-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 > -. -:''\u25a0 . . . - :-
The market was without change yesterday.
Chicago was steady and featureless.
_ CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12^c per lb for
heavy, 12ii@13c for light medium, 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14&c; California
Hams, 13Vic; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 SO; Prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound." f . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .
Provisions.- ?,
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5Vl@5Vic; 40-50's. 4%(g;5c; 60-63*3, 4Vi@
4' / 4q;-60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's, S^i^S^c; 80-90's, 2?i
©\u25a03c; 90-100' s. MS^^c per lb.
RAISINS (prica per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, ?3; Dchesa, $2M; fancy, 5175; Lon
don layers — Three-crown, $1 35 ; Two-crown,
51 23. Price per lb: Standard loose MuscateU —
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, 4V4c;, Two
crown, 2%c ;. Seedless Muscatels, 4V4c; Seed
less Sultanas, 5',<.c; Thompson Seedless, 6'/4c;
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8V£c; choice, 7%c;
standard, fi'/jc; prime, S'/jc. Bleached Thomp
sons — Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime 6V>c.
NUTS— "W-alnuts,. No. 1 softshell. '9%c; No. 2,
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 0c; No. 2, 7c; Almond3,
13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for eoftshell and
5©3c for hardshell; Peanuts-, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nut«, 12©»12%c; Filberts. 12@12M:c; Pe
cans ll@13o; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12« / Jo for bright and 103
ll!6c for light amber;, water white extracted,
B@(ic; light. amber extracted, 4@3c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
The situation shows no change, either here
or in the East, the demand, for everything
except Raisins and "Walnuts being slow.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@S'4c for Royals and 8®
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks ; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; sun-dried, 3%@4Hc;
Peaches, 'C@7i£c; Pcar3. 4(SfSc; Plums, pitted,
SV4@5c; unpitted. 1^2c; Nectarines, 6@6c for
red and &%@S&c for white; Figs, 3V4@3Vbc for
black. -" ' a
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Weather Report.
<120t!i Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SA2S FRAXCIECO. Oct. 15. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
6ete as compared with those of iwie date
last season, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Kaurs. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 4.29 2.65
Red Bluft 0.00 1.93 2.09
Baemmecto coo o.5G o cs
£an Francisco 0.00 0.S2 1.14
Jr'rvpno 0.G0 0.57 0.43
In'a'.-pr.Oer.ce c.W 0.77 0 84
San Luis Cbispo O.CO ,0.28 1.31
J>s Anreles 0.00 0.12 0.25
hi-n Diego 0.00 0.06 0.10
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
£6: minimum, 61; mean, 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston .' 66-4E'Omaha 54-28
Cincinnati 6:-«JDuluth 42-28
Wcshingion C2-3SiSalt Lake City 72-4S
Jacksonville 7-i-EG Chicago Ci-33
New ycrk 64-<S'£-t. Louis 71-48
Kansas City 6S-42; Philadelphia 58-18
* THE COAST RECORD.
,' e ,,2 S ,O 2 *
t 3 5* !?£ <? <£ 3
STATION. 2 ?5?5g,2 P* ~:
? :3:B j § |~ g
Astoria SO. 08 ?4 £0 SW Cloudy 0.00 :
leaker SO. 10 74 40 NW CJear 0.00
Carson , 20.04 7G Z3 XE Clear 0.00
Eureka "0.10 £6 62 NW Cloudy 0 00
gpeno 29. SS S6 &0 W Cloudy 0.00
Sff 11^? 1 3O.?2 T2 2S NE Pt Cldy O.CO
PncateUo, Idaho. ..SO. 25 72 3S W Clear 0.00
Independence .29.66 80 60 SE Clear 0 00
LosAngreles :.C9.00 74 &0 TV Pt Cidy 0.00
P1ioc:jix C3.S3 <,| £6 S"U r Cicudy 0 00
g°>:t:ari<5. 2S.SS 70 40 SE Clear 0.00
Red Bluff 29.36 U «6 .^E Clear 0 00
Bcssburg ..S3.04 04 E». NW Clear olOD
Sacr.irr.cnto SO.CO S2 £0 S . Clear 0.00
6alt Late. ./.... ..:.S0.H 70 4S.W Clear 0 00
Ea:i Kra.r>^isec......30.GS 55 T2 "« r Clear 0 00
Kan Luis CUspo... 30.CS 70 BO NW Clear 0.O
fanKeso.'....; ,...".23.?4 74 E8 NE Cloudy 0.00
gf^ttle <....S0.04.-C BS \V Clear 0.0-)
PapSjiwe ...SO. 72 72 40 NB Clear 0.00
5«B«W SO. 04 .f,6 a SW Clear 0.00
JValla Walla. ..;... so.CS 74 4.H N"VV Clear 0 00
TTl^nemuc-ca." 3O.f2 7S 30 KF- Clear 0.03
Y«?na 23. r,C ?2 62 SW Cloudy O.CO
JVEATHER COXDITJOKS AND GENERAL
. .FORECAST..
Confilticns are no longer favorable fcr fair
weather. An extensive fog bar:lt prevails
along the coast from Astoria to Point Heyes
Cloudy weather Is reported in the San Joaquln
VaJiej". z'.zo in So-ithem California. Conditions
are such thai ,licht ebowois may occur and
raisin-makers are jidvised to be in readiness to
atari:.
There has been but little change !n tempera
tnr<^ on the Pacific Coaet.
Forec».f=t jriri<!» at Srjn Frai-claco for 30 hours
endirnr mfdnisht October 17. 29fll:
J><""-1 hira Callforr.iii — Cloudy, " unsettled
\u25a0weither Xhrcrrday, pofslbly showers; light
ecuthcriy winds.
Southern California. — Cloudy, ' unsettle
\u25bc\u25a0•earher Thursday. -~«sibly ehowers; light
\u25a0oatbettF -ri-inds.
Kevada — Cioudy Thursday; light northerly
vlnds.
San Frarclpco and vicinity— Cloudy.- unset
tled ireeLher Thv.rs1»r, jxiEsibly tho-wers by
nlffht; licht BoetlteriF wind.
ALEXAN'JJEH G. HcADIE.
Official.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
"PALACE HOTEL.
T H Bryant. London P J Shields & w. Sacto
J . Crankshaw. London J T Lynch. Stanford
H II Crankshaw, Lon- C Carrigan. USA
don • T Dannenbaum. ValleJ
Lieut Dlatchkoff. St J L Robison. Berkeley
• Petersburg .N H Lacey. Los/Acgr
E-Russell, NX J A Black, Tucson
J D Farrell & w, Seatl W F Eslls, Philadel
W I Beet, Adelaide C E Handy, Los Ang
F W Beet, Adelaide P. C Gill la, S Monica
W Sherer Jr. N Y DO Melveny. L Ana
T S Mathls, S Laka H W Melveny L Anr
W J Wiley. S Mateo M Welsh, Los Ang
A Dawscn, M D. Cal G Wilcox, Los Ang
C A Canfleld, L Ang W W Iliggina. Chgo
D C Wallace Jr. L Ang Mrs A P Stephens, Cal
N C Ray, Centervllle J S Murphy Colorado
W L Field, U S N H C Perkins Cal
J F Lawless, Seattle E T Warner & w Del-
L Levy, Seattle aware
D L Hill. Germany Miss Nelson, Delawara
J A. Brent, Cal Miss Hagar. Pa
A P Stephens, Corondo W K Miller Kan City
W D Baldwin. N Y Miss E Hall. Stanford
H T Witte, N Y Miss M Sterling. Stnld
T C Orndorff &w. Mass J J Dooley N Y
W Eaumgarten, N Y W J Wayte. Oxnard
Capt Donovan & w, V R L Chisolm & w, N Y
S A Mrs M W Sawyer. Cal
M S Guest, USA Miss Sawyer. Napa
J Taylor, Alaska R Robertson, Cal
Mrs E M Miller, Cal J Glblin & w, Seattle
W P Rogers, USA L E Thayer & w. Ft
S H Wadhams, USA Wayne
J.B Bllsh, U S N ML S perry & w. Conn
GRAND HOTEL.
G A White, Sacto Mrs W W Evans, Ta-
B A Sanborn, L Ang coma
C C Corbiere. Redding Miss Evans, Tacoma
O A Schellhorn. Cal W Armstrong & -w, Cal
C D V/illard, Los Ang Minnie Llmen. Vallejo
J McKay. Detroit Rosa Kahn, Petaluma
R E Hanley & w. Cal S H Ramber. Cal
Mrs J C Levengootl. J Parsons. Los An?
Yainax E W Akerman. Cal
Miss M H Guthell. G Pacheco & w. Cal
Yalnax C McDow & w. Chlco
Miss A C Norman, Or Dr J W Harris, L Ang
Miss C Migllavaeea. G Lawrence, S Mjneo
Miss Migliavacca, Cal C C Davidson. Mich
G T Trowbrklge & w, JIrs W H Crawford.
Santa Rosa Dayton. Ohio
J Beaton. Kansas City R Grimmon. w & ch.
J F Wat?rhouse, Cal Carson
A Andersen, Syisun Mrs C D McLean, IU
,Mrs A Anderson. Cal R C Graves & w, Seatl.
G R Stewart. Cal - Mrs N T Gib3on. Spall
J Faris Jr. Sacto W J Dillman, Sacto .
Mrs J Faris Jr. Sacto J W "Flavello. Phil*
J R Oakley, P>erkeley Mr3 M M Myers Cal"
Mrs J R Oakley, Cal Mrs E S Newcomb. Cal
H B Norment. Virginia H C P. Gill. Fresno
C L Crane. Reno T B Mayo & w. Kan
H D Clark. Reno G W Smith. C.al
Mrs W Shaw, Sacto W R Henderson. Kan
Mrs G Pommer, Sacto A W Mahly, Concord
V L Sopey, Boston \ Miss Irvine. S Hita
C A Long, Chicago S A Mclntosh & w Cat
Mrs J B Lent. Eureka
.NEW WESTEEX HOTEL.
; F Abbott, Rio Vista 1 Miss F M Colbrook
! C W Williams, "O C Sydney
C G AncSerson. S Rosa J Somerville Stockton
Dr H C Royer. L Angr W H Williams, Denver
R P Filson & 2 en. Incl G Berry & w Ogden
F Tats, Oregon Jie Roco, Berkeley
I Mrs S A Wilson & 2 J •: Sheple Boston
j children. Denver |\f F Carter. Oakland ' '
E S Nable. Sydney ! L* ' Buckner. S Rosa.
• ?\ C ,? Ia ,' zke - S y dne y A •)»Kig & w, Fresno
• I I Mathews. Meibourn C Kji.ght, B«»nicia
1 T Manton, Melboura A Kelly, N Y
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras, $3 25@)
S 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 E0@2 75 per - barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ' • -,,'.-.. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices' in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye'- Flour, $2 .75;* "Rye,
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, - $3 25;
extra cream: do. $4: Oat Groats. $5: Hominy. U
Flour and Millsiuffs.
Afternoon Session— No sales. ."
OATS— Receipts were large, being 12.160 ctls,
but the market was firm. It is reported that
there is a large order here for seed descrip
tions for . Texas under the reduced rail rate
already mentioned . . . : .
Grays, $1@1 20; whites, $1 15@1 SO; black, il@
1 20. and red, $1 C5@l 20 per ctl. - .
CORN — Chicago was steady and Inactive,:
Husking reports from all \u25a0 over the West and
Southwest are generally below expectations,'
there being a good many nubbins.
Eastern is quoted to arrive In bulk at $1 62' / i
for "White, $1 52V£ for Yellow and $1 57^@1 00
for mixed. ~
RYE— 75®77' / 4c per ctl.
-•BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none. In first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session— No sales. — . \u25a0 .
Regular Mornlnjr Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign markets stood about
the same. \u25a0 \
Chicago opened active and firm, but turned
dull and declined again on large liquidation of
local holdings. Telegrams to Bolton, De Ruy
ter <S Co. said: '•Primary receipts are 800.000
bushels, against 1,100,000 year. There Is a
decided change, In the tenor of the seaboard
advices, all now reporting an improved^ demand
for United Kingdom and Continent, and the
sentiment i3 bullish. There Is moderate" for
eign buying on unfavorable Argentine, news,
but not sufficient to absorb the persistent local
offerings. Markets that take Argentine wheat
show, no uneasiness over the situation."
The local market 13 dull and- shows no
change worthy of noto.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling, 9S%c@
$102% per Ctl.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls. $1 02%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, 97%c; 10,000, 87Hc May— 2000, ?1 02%.
Afternoon Session— No Eales.
BARLEY— The Improved Inquiry already
mentlo-ned-is still spoken of on 'change, but It
seems to be light. There is some talk, how
ever, of a demand for export which is on the.
eve of developing. Prices are somewhat steadier
in consequence, and buyers show more dis
position to take hold. There is very • little
Bariey cf any kind in this city, though there
Is plenty in the country
Feed, 72&@73*4e for choice bright, 70@71%c
for No. 1 and Gl\' 2 c for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping .grades, 77Vi@S2«ic; Chevalier. 95c@
fl 05-per ctl. .
Wheat and Oilier Grains.
Sterling F-xchange, 60 days vr- $4 S4^
Sterllne Exchange, Big-lit ' — 4 85%
Sterling Evchange, sight — * S6Mj
Sterling Cables — 4 87'^
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — - 67^2
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 47 @ 47M:
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The feature, of the
local metal market to-day was the rise of
10 points in the price of spot copper, the quo
tation now being: 16 7 /4@17c for Lake Superior
and. i6 E ic for casting and electrolytic. Offer
ings of copper were light and the market was
strong. At London values advanced 15s on
spot and 10s for futures; thus the former
closed at £65 Es and the latter at £64.
Tin was dull and uninteresting with spot
quoted at $25 ih and 25 10, while prices abroad
declined 5s to £115 for spot and £108 for
futures.
' Lead was dull and uncharged at New York,
but at London a decline of 5s took place, 'spot
closing at £11 73 6d. Spelter eased oft 5
points under local selling following reports
that the bull clique had failed. The close waa
easy at $4 2O@4 25. The London market was
unchanged at £17 2s 6rt.
Domestic Iron marke.t3 were dull and nom
inally unchanged. P;giron warrants, $9 50@
10 50; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15©16: No. i
Southern foundry, J14@14 50; No. 1 Southern
foundry. $14 5C@15 EO; No. 1 Southern foundry,
ECft. $14 50@16.
Giasgow iron .warrants closed at E3s 8d and
Middlesboro closed at 45s 4Vid.
Nezv York Metal Market.
LONDON. Oct. 10.— Consols. 93 S-1G; silver,
26 9-16; French rentes, ICOf 45c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firmer tendency; Walla Walla,
27s 9d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 16.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, os iP/td; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steadv; French country
markets, firm; weather in England, rain.
COTTON— Uplands, . 4 15-16.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 1C— Wheat— Steady; Walla
Walla, 5i@54M;C; Bluestern, 53@55%c; Valley,
63 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 16.— Wheat— Bluestem, 55c;
Club, 54c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Ot. IS.— Clearings, $433,
505: balances, $39,451.
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Mail advices from New York say: "The chief
Interest of the trade at present is in new,
0«eded raisins. Euj ers are anxiously awaiting
association prices, which, according to rumor,
ere likely to be ir.ade at any hour. One prom
inent outside paclser has put out prices of 6c
lor new. choice seeded, and 6%o for fancy,
{. o. b:, coast, and it is understood has secured
some business at those ugrnres. No further
confirmations of loose Muscatels at 3%c. 4&c
end 4&c coast, fcr 2, 3 and 4 crown were
teard of. On spot, seeded in cartons continued
in good demand at 7fe@7?ic.
"Cld anznes were scarce for all sizes, ex
cept 1X-120S. a:i<3 Prices were held firm at
<jiiQtatioi^. Supplies, however, will probably
t'e am.nie very shortly, a number of cars being
cvie. Old Sa-.ta Claras. continued to be offered
ci about a 25ic basis, and new at a basis of
£lic ior Santa Claras and 3c for Northern
fooCs. Peaches were steady and in moderate
demand. Apricots vvers Quiet.
"'Supplies of currants were increased by the
crrival of ihe liepperia -with 500 tons, making
the total receipts of n?w crop to date In the
vicinity of '5009 tons. Amalias went cut fairly
well at 5*ic for barrels, and some business
\u25a0was reported in Provincials around 5i 2 @5%t.
Tics Tveie dull. A large quantity of crises
end bags of new Srnyraas are to be sold to-day
et Tiucticn. Trade in nuts, both spot and to
arrive, is very satisfactory. Brazils are scarce
find in light request at the prevailing high
prices." \u25a0
IXKLONS— Nutmegs. 40@€5c per box; Canta
loupes, D0c(SSl 25 per crate; Watermelons, $3©
15 per 1TO. ' • » \u25a0 ."
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater, 3o@
60c per box and crate; Tokay, 40@75c; Muscat.
40@75c; Black, 30©75c; Isabella, 65@75c; Corni
chon, 4C@85c; Wine Grapes, $25@30 per. ton for
Zinfandek and $20@25 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 75c@$2 for com
mon. $3 25@3 15 for good to choice and-?4©4 25
lor fancy; new Navels. $4@5; Lemons, $1@1 25
for common and $2$'3 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit, ?lf£4; Mexican Limes, fresh, $6 50@7 50r
Bananas,. 75c@$l iO per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50
<g3 per dozen.
The cold weather is affecting the market and
the demand is not as good as it was last week.
Melons are especially weak. ' and Grapes are
slower of sale.; Most of the Peaches now com
ing in are scrubby stock, as usual at the close
of the season. Figs meet with a poor demand.
Persimmons are weak under larger arrivals.
A few new Oranges are coming in, and they
will shortly arrive by the carload. Some in
termediate crop are selling as new fruit. Mexi
can Lames are well cleaned up, but fre3h sup
plies are about due. Cranberries rule firm,
with a continued demand.
Grape Fruit has a wide range. New stock
is green and slow of sale.
DECIDUOUS "FROITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 23 per box for good to choice
and 25g6i»: for ordinary. •
i'LUlviS — 3s&'50c per box.
PEACHES— 50c per box; Peaches in carriers,
S0c@$l.
POMEGRANATES— 50@7i>c Tier small box.
FEARS— Winter Pears, 50c@$l 25 per box.
QUINCES— 40©COc per box.
PEKSIMMONb-SociSJl per box.
\u25a0STRAWBERRIES— ?6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3<g4 for large berries.
BLACKBEBRIES-$3@-4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5<5'6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@» 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— .Cape Cod, $9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, ?2 60 per box.
FIGS— 5Cc@$l per box for black and 33c for
whits.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Cotton futures closed
unchanged.
Wine at $S6 £0@S8, Gas and Electric -- ir>.<1
Oceanic Steamship at $44, an aiiv.-.r
ness continued llsht.
The California Powder Works Co: " • »:il
pay a dividend of $1 per share on tlv. ..it.
The quarterly dividend of $1 69 per share by
the Paciflc States Telephone Company is now
payable. The amount Is $142,500.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42c per share, payable on
the 21st.
The King River Oil Company has declared
dividend No. 4.
. x ... _ —*
Business continued very quiet on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange and varia
tion were few. Market Street Railroad sold
at ?S0 75<g91 and one block of 245 shares changed
hands at the top figure. Gas and Electric was
firmer at $43 SO®^ 75 and Spring Vallsy "Water
at JSS CO. ' ' .
The oil stocks were dull, as usual.
Notable sale.s In the afternoon were C.Vi'omla
The market for evaporated apples was weak,
and price changes were conspicuous by their
absence. Only a small Jobbing demand tran
spired.
State common to 'good, 6@Sc; prime, 8%c;
choice, 9c; fancy, 9'4@0%c.
California dried fruits continue dull and nom
inally unchanged. —
PRUNES— 3% @7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, S@
SHc.
FE ACHES— Peeled, ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9'4c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,000 barrels; exports, BSOO barrels; steady, but
quiet.
."WHEAT — Receipts, 27,280 bushels; exports,
115,947 bushels; spot, weak. No. 2 red, 76%3
f. o. b. .afloat; No. 2 rad, 75*4c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 76;go f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth, Sl%c f . o. b. afloat.
Options opened firm and ' for a time were
sustained by small Northwest receipts, higher
cables- and light offerings, but under subse
quent liquidation the market weakened . and
closed heavy at '4@-%c net decline/ May, 78};@
79 3-J6c. closed 7S=sc; October, closed 74HC; De
cember, closed 75;ic.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, strong:; fair refining-, 3 6-16c;
centrifugal, S6 test, 3=)4c; molasses sugar, 3c. •
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7'^i311c. Futures
elofeed firm, 5 points higher. Total sales, 27,750
bags. Including: October, 5.35c: November,
5.40c; December, 5. 45575.55c; January, 0.60c;
March, 5.75<S5.80c; May, 5.90@Cc; September,
6.2f:C.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4S56 packages; firm.
State, dairy, 14@2Oc; creamery, 15@2U£c; June
creamery, 15®21c; factory, 12t-fe@loc.
EGGS — Receipts. 2SS7 packages; steady. State
and Pennsylvania, 22@22%c; Western candled,
22; Western uneandled, 19@2Uic
New York Grain and Produce 1 .
Receipts were 14, SCO pounds of Buter,
pounds of Eastern Cutter. 423 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 26,900 pounds of Cali
fornia Ch'eese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 2S@S0c per lb for fancy
and 26<027'/-;C for seconds: dairy, lS<@23c; store
Butter, lo@17i£c- per lb: Creamery Tub, 22' / «.c;
Pickled Roll, l?@20c; Keg, lS@iac per lb.
CHEESE— New, H@12c; old. 10^o; Young
America, 12Vic per ib; Eastern, 13<iJ15c.
EGGS— Ranch. SS@40c for selected large, 35
©37V»c for good to choice and 32%J73tc for fair;
store, 2!g?2ac per dozen; cold storage, 21tJ23c;
Eastern, lS@2ic.
The dragging tendency In Butter and Eggs
is becoming more pronounced, and most deal
ers think that tie advance has about reached
its limit. Some are predicting an early de
cline. The cause Is the large offerings of cold
storage stock. The small handlers h. av e been
complaining all along that they could not keep
up with the advance, and have been selling
below top quotations. There is no change in
Cheese. -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ances, $167.425,72S; gold, $100,995,136.
Receipts of Produce.
OREGON.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOEER 18.
Flour, qr sks.....' 21,408| Broom Corn, bdls 193
Wheat, ctls 63,203; Wool, sks ........ 1,241
Barley, ctls 45.805! Quicksilver, flsks. 19
Oats, ctls 5.4201 Kalsins, bxs 2,600
Corn, ctls 635|Leather. rolls .... 63
Beans. • sks 8.266! Hides, No 792
Potatoes, ska .... B,SS7;Pelts, bdls ...._. 8.49S
Bran, sk3 l,602|Llme, bbls 81
Middlings, sks ... 461! Wine, gals 64,500
Onions, sks 460, Tallow, ctls 241
Straw, tons •. 6, Sugar, ctls 5,453
Hay, tons 792
Flour, qr sks '. S16|Bran, sk? 146
Oats, ctls 2,8001
\u25a0 ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2300: market active, generally ]Qc higher:
natives, ?3@3 60; Texans and Westerns. $2 7o@
5 SO; cows and heifers, $1 50@3 15; bulls and
stags, ?2@5; stockers and feeders.- $1 o0!Q4 31);
yearlings and calves. $2@4; veals, .$3@G.
HOGS — Receipts, -4600; market active; strong
tfo oc higher; pigs, strong; light and light
mlrced, $6.05@6 35: medium and heavy, $6 20@
6 47%; pigs. $4 oO@6; bulk of sales. $6 20@6 33.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4140: market strons to 10c
higher; generally a big dime higher, on lambs;
top native lambs, $4 75; top native ewes, $3 25;
lambs. $3 S5S4 75; yearlinsrs. $3 25@3 63; West
ern, $3 15@3 50; ewes, $2 So@3 25. #
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP— Receipts, 30,000: steady to 30c lower;
lambs, .best 10<c lower; others. 15<5T25c lower;
good • to choice wethers,- $3 50@4 25; fair to
choice mixed, -S3@-3 50: Western sheep, $3@>3 80;
native lambs,- $3^5; Western Iamb3, $3 25@4 65.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000; steady on -good; slow on common and
medium; good to prime steers, $6 25@6 90; poor
to medium, $3 75@6; stockers and. feeders, $2 23@
4 20; cows, '$1@4 60; heifers, $2 50@5 50; canners,
$1<S2 25; bulls, $1 75@4 60; calves. $3@6 25; Texa3
steers, $2 S0@3 75; Western steers, $3 73@5 60. J
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22,000; to-morrow. 21,
000; left over, 3000; generally oc higher; mixed
and butchers, $6 10#6 60; good to choice heavy,
$6 30(56 75; rough to fair heavy, .' $5 73@6 15;
light, $6@6 25; bulk of sales. $3 95@6 33.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock. Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Money on call was
steady at S@3% per cent; last loan, 3 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4V4@5 per cent. Ster
ling jexchange was about steady, with actual
business in bankers 1 bills at |4 S5%@4 S5% for
demand and at %i S3%@4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $t S4>-4@4 85 and $4 87. Commer
cial bills, $4 83®4 83%. Bar silver, 67%c. Mexi
can dollars, 45 J ,ic Bonds— Government, firmer;.
State, inactive; railroad, irregular.
New York Money Market
Charles R. Bowea'to Jacob Goldberg, undi
vided one-half blo<!k bounded on N by I* street,
S by M, E by Twenty-first avenue and W by
Twenty-second avenue; $10.
Simon Kafka to Orlando Bozio. lot on NE
line of Sixth street, 50 NW of Tehama, NW 25
by NE 75, owned by first party; also lot on
NE Una of Sixth street 75 NW of Tehama, NW
SO by XB 60. owned by second party; agree
ment that overlap of second party improve
ments on first party property shall stand so
Ions as building remains; $250.
Daniel T. Gorman to Violet O. Gorman, tin
divided one-half of 5-12 of following: Lot on
NW corner of Bryant and Langton (Dora)
street. SW 80 by NW 80; also lot on, 3 lino of
Dora or Langton street, 105 NW of Bryant, NW
25 by SW SO; also undivided one-half Interest
In estate of Ann Gorman: gift.
Annie M. and Stuart S. Reed to Jan« Hoey
fwldow), lot on W lino of Ninth avenue. 200
N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Mary Agnes Hurray to Theresa M. Brooka,
lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street, 255 W of
Noe. W 25, by S 114; $11).
Joseph if. and Rosa B. Strauss to Jin Carria
Pechner (widow), lot on NW lln« of Folsom
street, 297:11 NE of Fifth, NE 22:11 by NW SO;
$4CC0.
Margaret E. Lemmermann (Boyne) (wife of
W. H.) to John B. Carson and Henry Mulvl
hlll. undivided one-hair of lot on SE 11ns of
Bryant street, 125 SW of Fourth, SW 60 by
SE 85; $10.
John B. Carson and Henry Mulvlhlll to
George W. Hall, undivided one-half of same;
$10. -
State- of California, by Joseph H. Scott. Tax
Collector (property assessed to Mrs. H. A.
Blake) to E. H. AJgeltlngrer. undivided half
interest in lot commencing 81:3 N of Point
Lobes avenue and 93:3 E o£ Collins street. E
51, N 15:5, W 30:3, N 333:8',*, NW 21, S 411:1'-*;
$310.
Herman and Elizabeth Schuck to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (religious -
corporation sole), lot on N line of Page street.
193 E of Ashbury. E 25 by N 137:8; $10.
Calvin R. and Lucia Worrell to same, lot en
N line of Page street, 223 E of Ashbury-, E
25 by N 137:6; $10.
Ottiglio or Attilio and Emilia O. Agr>st!ni
to Fred and Maggie Graves, lot on S line of
I>ay street, 150 E of Dolores. E 25 by 3 101:6;
5150O.
Charles A. Klllott to Cathrine M. McSfeane.
lot on N line of Waller street, 60:7 E of Fill
more, E 26:11. by N 87:6; J10.
William F. Bogart to Timothy J. and Anna
Sheehan. lot on E lino of Baker street. 110 N
of Halght, N 27:6 by E 121:10V4; »10.
Estate of Pauline IL Steiger (by George A.
and Louis A. Stelser and Pauline M. A.
Pflster, trustees) to Hugh W. Bradley, lot on
SW corner of Lyon street and Golden Gates
avenue. W 37:6 by S 100; $10.
Manuel J. or Emanuel or M. J. and Stella
de Campos to M. L. Davis, undivided one-flfth
of following: Lot on N line of Geary street,
126:6 W of Lyon, W 25 by N 100; also lot on W
line of Wood street, 371:9 N of Point Lobos
avenue. N 53 by W 100; $10.
M. Ballin to John G. Maler, lot on W line
of Ware etreet, 100 S of Paul avenue, S 50 by
W 75. block 7, Garden Tract Homestead Addi
tion; J10. . »
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Robert S.
Atkins, lot on W line of Masonic avenue. 251:2
S of Frederick street. S 35 by.W 100; *10.
Charles and Harry Bush to Clara Bush (Har-
George W. Nettleton to Sarah T. Frickstad,
lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue. 250 3
of Point Lobos avenue, W 120 by S 25; J10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
and T. Z. Blakeman to Henry Kahn, lot on 3
line of Sutter street, 208:3 W of Taylor. W 45:13
by S 137:6, re-record 1923 D 339; J24.625.
Patrick and Ellen Foley to Hugh and Bridget
Boylan, lot on SW line of Harriet street. 160
SE of Howard. SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
Anna. A. Cradock (single) to Harriet P.
Crlsty (widow), lot on ME corner of California
street and Sixteenth avenue, E 255 by N 600.
quitclaim deed; $4000.
Hamilton Miller to Louisa C. Parrott. lot on
S line of Merritt street. 229:8 W of Hattie.
W 25:6, S 88.37, E 25:1. U 85.50. lot 47, block B,
Park Lane Tract; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Game was also firmer, owing to the cool
weather,- though receiots were 60 sacks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and 15@17c for Hens ; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@1 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks, J3@3 50 for
old and $3 5»@5 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters, $3 5G<3>4 ; old Roosters, $3 5G@4; Fry
ers, ?3 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for large ar.d J2 50
@3 for small: Pigeons. $1 23@1 50 per dozen for
old and $l-75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1©
1 25; Rabbits, $150 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush: 'Mallard, $5@6; Canvaaback, $5<g>6; Sprlff,
$2 60@3; Teal, 51 50@2; Widgeon, ?1 50@2; Smali
Ducks, $1 25@1 50; Black Jacks, ; English
Snipe, %2 25@3; Jack Snipe, $1@1 25; Gray
Geese, E0. '
Poultry was steadier, with better prices for
Turkeys, Hens and young- Ducks. ' A car of
Eastern came in, making five thus ' far this
week.
Poultry and Game.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The monetary situation ehows Improvement
In some respects. Crcp demsnis have about
Reached tJie aiitaum and witMn three or
four weeks tie return movement of currency
should begin, tribugh one or two unfavorable
bank statement* in the interim should cause
no surprise. Mcney rates are relatively tasy
end loanable funds seern ample for the present
requirements; three months of liquidation in
ibe stocJi market having contributed materially
toward aiirtlns slringency during the crop
icovias period. It is w"t;i ta bear in mind,
liav-fcver. that little relief can be obtained iron
gold impoits in event of rates working upward
Lere. 'j.he liaincial crieis Jn. Germany is bi:
tin means over, and toe Etraln in monetary
circles over there is t-tili intense. Germany
is 3'cst now passing through a period or retri
bution ior tiie reoOets speculation In indus
tiials and the innumerable instances of rotten
financing vliich have brousrh a lot of German
pj-umoters unSer the hasi of the law. London
is slao in a mood of depression resultins from
the 1'ransva-al v.ax, and with a new loan in
is not goins to permit any depletiun
of its eol<3 supply. JZven Paris, alarmea at
the decline in co;.-i>er, which is a fa\orite arti
cle of speculation with the French, is now un
v-illiiig to part, witli gold. Other Influences
fciso are adverse to told inuxwts just now,
kuch es the limited oitgrinss of cotton bills.
the return of American securities and the in
vettiiient of American capital in Kurope, of
\u25a0which the buying of an Kngiish tobxeco com
pany fcr several millions was recently a most
EUggeEtive eiajnj>!«. Tte outlook for the local
money- market, bovrever. is more assuring than
for toe past two months and continued ease
may be expected unless speculation interferes.
Quite possibly the new Great Northern-North
ern Pacific &TTajiee;neats vrhen completed will
release larss mass which have been locked
up in that scheme for the last six months, and
If so this wiU add materially to the ease in
money."
New York Money Market.
fell at one time 2% under, yesterday aad closed
at a net loss of 2 points. The break In Amal
gamated Copper interrupted an incipient rise
in Pennsylvania and Its allied stocks, prompted
by the sale oi 120,000,000 bonds by the company.
This was held to account for the large buying
of stock yesterday. The effect of to-day's an
nouncement, however, afforded little oppor
tunity tor profit-taking on yesterday's pur
chase, altiousrh much interest was " unown as
to tlie purpose to , which the proceeds ot the
bonds would bo applied. As the purchases of
stocks of other railroads so far as officially
acknowledged by the company has been pro
vided for by the additional stock Issues, it was
Bupposed that the purchase of control of the
Cambria Eteel Company was -being provided
for. Bullish operators spread reports that pur
chases of Atchison were in contemplation by
Penneylvanla. but there was no response in the
speculation. The market r-howed a tendency
toward stagnation during the alternoon. until
a sharp raid against the Southwesterly later
in the day awakened some degree of activity at
the expense of values. Losses of from 1 to 2%
were made by practically all the members ot
the group. Bear operators professed to detect
evidences of inside selllne. which waa attrib
uted to the account of the interest dominant
in the group, and supposed to be prompted by
poor outlook for trs35e on account of bad crops.
The money question continues a somewhat de
pressing influence. A transfer through the
sub-treasury to-day of $250,000 to New Orleans
adds to the apprehension that the belated move
ment of cotton will cause large requirements
in the South. The emphatic denials of Presi
dent Hill of last week's rumors of transcon
tinental railroad consolidations was another
chilling influence en the speculation. The mar
ket was weak until the room-traders took their
profits by covering their short contracts. Sales
of Lake Sliore at S0O, a record price, was an
incident. Total sales, 477,900 shares.
Railroad bonds were less active than yester
day and were irregular. Total sales, par value,
J2, 285,000.
United States 5s (coupon) advanced */• per
cent on the last call. ".
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
AtchiRon 25.600 78^4 77^4 77%
Atchison pfd 700 97 96^4 S6"-i
Baltimore & Ohio 900 102'4 102Vg 102 "
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 93%
Canadian Pacific 200 110 " 109»i 109&
Canada Southern 82
Chesapeake &. Ohio 4,003 46 4i»4 45V-
Chicago & Alton 4C0 36=>i 36^ 36U
Chicago & Alton pfd... 7C0 77>£ 77% 77%
Chicago. Ind &. Louis.. 9C0 iVi 41 41
Chi. Ind it Louis pfd 72
Chlcasro & Eastern III.. 124
Chicago & Great West.. 1C9 22% 22V4 22
Chi & Gt West A pfd.. 200-85 Sl'i 84 '
CM & Gt West B pfd .,.. .:.. 43
Chicago & Northwestern 4,000 198% 196 197
Chi. Rock Island & Pa. 400 141H 141 • 14114
Chicago Term & Trans.. 600 20% 20H 20^4
Chi Term & Trans pfd.. 3,300 33'^ 36',^ ;;6 !^
C. C, C &'St Louis 100 D7 l ; 97^4 97V4 i
Colorado Southern 1C0 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd.." 54
Cclo Southern 2d pfd 21
Deiafrare & Hudson 2,900 158 vl65 167%
I Dela, Lacka & West A .... 223
Denver & Uio Grande... SCO iiM U 44&
Denver & Rio Grand pfd SCO £214 92 - 91
iSrie \u25a0....". 2,200 41% 40^4 40Ti
Erie 1st pfd 100 "69'4 63?i 69
Erie 2d pfd frOO S6 55 55
Great Northern pfd 800 1S3 193 193
Hocking Valley 67-
Hocking Valley pfd 74
Illinois Central 6C0 145H 145V4 143
Iowa Central £00 40 .40 39V*
Iowa Central pfd 77 "
Lake Erie & Western... ICO 70. 70 6D-,i
Lake Erie & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 1.700 Kmi 101 103
Manhattan L. 2.100.110% 119 119V4
Metropolitan Street Ry. 2,700 I0SV2 157 157',fc
Mexican Central '. .... 23^
Mexican National 2,500 14% 14 -14%
Minneapolis & St Louis 106
Missouri Pacific 13,100 $5% 94 94 1 4,
Missouri, Kar.a & Texas 600 25 25\i 25H
Miss, Kans & Texas prd 200 51 50% 50^4
New Jersey Central .... 300 162 162 162
New Ycrk Central 4,900 157'4 15614 156-4
Norfolk & Western 12,000 I6y 2 55 55%
Norfolk & TVeatern pfd 88
Northern Pacific pfd.... 400 98Vi vSS'^ % 98V4
Ontario & Western' S00 33% 32?', 33%
Pennsylvania 38,700 147% 14$^ 143H
Reading 1,400 4O'/j 40 40%
Reading 1st pfd \u25a0 400 75*4 75^4 76 •
Reading 2<i pfd 700 51% 51V4 .61
St Louis & San Fran... 1.8C0 \u25a0 42% 41% 41%
St Louis & S F 1st pCd 77«i
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. 400 67?i C6V4 C6%
St Louis Southwestern.. 500 27 25% 26
St Louis Southwest pld. 2.600 57 64>4 H4%
St Paul 29.500 165?i 164% 164V,
Et Paul pfd 7C0 187% 1S7% 187"
Southern Pacific 33,600 £?',£ 55% 5S%
Southern Railway 3,300 32% 22% 3">%
Southern railway pfd... ' 500 8SV2 86 SC,y 2
Texas & PacISc • 8,200 40 37% 3S%
Toledo, St Louis & West 20%
T, St L & West pfd 34%
Union Paciflc 26,900 9S% 97% 57%
Union Pacific pfd 500 £8 87% fi'
Wabash 1.900 20% 1&94 19%,
WabHEh pfd 7.S00 3714 36 36'/i
Wheeling & Lake Erie ig
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central 200 21 21 20i 2
Wisconsin Central pfd. SCO 4C% 40 S9?i
Express companies —
Adams ' . ISO
American ./..... \u25a0 18S
United t-tates ..,: S5
Wfi's-Farso X60
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 94, SCO %% £5% £6'/4
Am Car & Foundry 'EOO 25^ 25% 25'.*
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 100 80^ SOU ml
Am Lirseerl Oil .... 15
Am Lin:«ed Oil pfd 45
Ath Smelting & ReHn.. 5.400 4394 42% 43ti
Am Emelt & Kefin pfd. 6<*> r.7% 57 9714
Anaconca Mining Co... 6,600 35^" 31% 3'%
Broikiyn Itap'.d Tran.. J00 Cf% 59% 59%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 500 S2% SlU 92
ConsolMoled Gas 200 217M. 217 21G<A
Continental Tobacco "pfd '... i\-.
General Klectric ". 0^0
Glucose Suprar 2,300 43 1 ,4 41 43
International Paper .100 22 22 22
International Pap pfd.. 5ft!t 78% 77% -,%\>.
International Power LCOO gg'/i 87 $0%
Laclede Gas ; 9:1
Xational Biscuit ' i\y.
! National Lead 200 19^2 19 IWa.
Xational Salt 32^
National Salt pfd 100 63% 63%- 63%
North American 971,
Paciflc Coast 3,20) 64% 63 C
Pacific Mail..' l.r.00 4r.»,i 44% 44
People's Gas 1.100 106V4 105% 105%
Pressed Steel Car 2,fiOO 41 • 40 40C
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 700 81 go 80
Pullman Palace Car .... BOO 221 220 2'1
Republic Steel COO 15% 15 15
Republic Steel pfd ' 05
Sugar 13,g00 117% 116y. 117%
Ter.n Coal & Iron 600 61 60 60
Union Ba? & Paper Co '. 15
Union Ea?r. & P Co pfd: \u25a0. .... 69
T'nited States leather.. 300 12 11% H3i
United States Leath pfd 20rt SO SO So'
United States Ruber... 400 15% 15 15
United States Rub pfd. 49
TJnited States Steel.... 15.200 43V. 42% 43
Unitod States Steel pfd C.C'iO 92% 52% 92%
Western Union 1,000 91% 91 SI ,
______
Total saies 477,500 .
CLOSING BONDS. •'
U S ref 2s reg 109 L & N Uni 4s 102U
Ij S.ref 2s coup.. .10!) Mexican Cent 4s... S4'
1.. S 3s reg 107% Hex Cent 1st Inc.. 30%
U S 2s coup.. ...... 108 Minn & S L 4s 103
U S new 43 reg. ...138 M K & Tex 4s..... 99%
U S now 4s coup. .139 M K & Tex 2ds.... 80
U £ old 4s rfeg 112 NY Cent lsts 105%
Ij S old 4s coup.. .112 N.Y C gen 3W».-....10d%
U S Es re ff 106% N J Cent ereif 5S...130V.
U fi Is coup 10S N Pacific 4s... '..... 1C1%
Atchison gen 4s....lC3 N Paciflc 3s.-. 7'%
i n 1 ?! 1^ 0^^ } a ---\ 9 V A N & w con 4s.. ....102%
S a i l 9&?.° is 1C ' 2 Reading Gen 4s.... 95
SH 1 OMoiis " J®J* S L & I M con 5S.1155A
B &.O conv 4s....J0r,V. St L & S F 4s 95
Canada So 2ds 10S% St L Swestn lsts.. 98%
Cent of Ga Ks 106% St L Swestn 2ds... 78
Cent of Ga 1st inc. 71% S A & A P 4s.... 85%
Ches & Ohio 4%»...U7 SoutheriTpac is." 92
Cliso _ Alton a'/is. R5 I Southern Rv Cs ....IIS
9 ?, l J> ew 4s " & Pac lsts.... 119%
S ££' P Ke ? 4S 'J^ T St L & W 4s.... 81%
o o 7s —J33%i LTnIon Paclfic <s...ior.%
CRI&P 4b.... 105% Union Pac conv 4s.lO6%
C C C & 8 Ls»n4s.lO3!,4 Wabash lsts ......1J9U
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 94 Wabash 2da HO •
Colo & So <b — ...88." Wahash d»b B 57V4
D & B.Q 43........102J4 We ? t Shore 4s::..V.:il3l
Erie prior lien 4s.. 9S% W & L J3 4s.. «0V4
Hrle General 4s.... S7% Wis Cent 4s... .- SS'A
£ V u, & D^ C , 1 5h—^I 4 Cons Tobacco 4s..: 64%.
Hocking Val 4*£s..lO6%
-MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales m the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
.Mornins Session.
100 Best & Belch. 17 700 Ophir 82
BOO Con Cal & Va 1 85 700 Ophir 83
200 Gould & Cur. 04 500 Potcsl 07
300 Hale & Nor... 15 7C0 Sierra Nevada 18
600 Mexican' 19 100 Sierra Nevada 1?
600 Mexican 20 50 Standard 4 00
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belch. 17| 200 Potosl CS
600 Challenge .... 12 300 Union Con — 17
2C0 Mexican 20 200 Yellow Jacket C6
100 Mexican 21
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
MiJtnlrr Session.
250 Best & Belch. 16' 300 Ophir ..." 80
600 Best & Belch. 17 9C0 Ophir »1
800 Best & Belch. IS 4C0 Ophir 8a
200 Con Cal & Va 1 75 2C0 Potosl C3
400 Con Cal & Val 82V, 300 Savage 13
800 Con Cal & Va 1 85 300 Sierra Nevada IS
800 Mexican 20' 300 Silver Hill ... 31
500 Mexican 21! 5C0«Unlon Con.... IS
7C0 Ophir 731 500 Yellow Jacket 06
Afternoon Session.
1200 Best & Belch. 17, 300 Mexican 20
200 Best & Belch. 16! 200 Mexican 19
300 Caledonia 32> 100 Ophir 84
ICO Challenge Con 12^1 200 Savage 12
200 Challenge Con 12 300 Sierra Nevada 17
800 Con Cal & Va 1 85 ' S0O Sierra Nevada IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNEDAY. Oct. 16—4 p. m.
, Bid.Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha ........ — 02 Justice 02 04
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 02,
Andes 04 C6 Lady Wash ... Cl —
Belcher 08 09 Mexican 13 20
Best & Belcher IS 17 Occidental .... 04 . C3
Bullion f 01 02lOphlr 81 82
Caledonia 81 32; Overman 03 04
Challenge Con. U 12!Potosi 07 OS
Chollar 03 09 Savage 11 12
Confidence .... 73 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 75 1 80 See Belcher ... 02 - C3
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 17 IS
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill SO 31
Crown Point .. C6 07 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con ... 14 — Standard 3 95 4 11
Exchequer .... — 01 Syndicate v .... — 07
Gou'fi & Curry 04 \u25a0 05 Union Con .... 13 17
Hale & Nor.... 18 17 Utah 04 C5
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 06 07
LONDON. Oct. 16.— Anaconda* VA; Atchison,
80%; Atchison prefd, S3^; Canadian Pacific,
113%; Den\*er & Rio Grande,, 46; Denver & Rio
Grande prefd, 95; Northern Pacific prefd, lOU-i;
Southern Pacific, 60%; Union Pacific, 101 Vi;
Union Pacific prefd, S0%.
Bar silver. 26 9-lCd per ounce.
Money, Kgl 1 ,^ per cent.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was heavy in the absence
of business and Americans sluggish, London
merely waiting: for New York to take the Initi
ative in the department. The feature was a
spurt in Norfolk & Western on the curb after
the close of the regular business sesnion. 1 Rio
Tintos fell to 4<% on Butte & Boston dividend
action, but rallied to 41Mi en a rise of 10
shillings in copper and strong fortnightly sta
tistics showing a decrease in stocks of 2800 tons
and in supplies of 2229 tons. London is talking
of a corner in the metal and there is £1 back
ward action already.
Discounts rule steady.
Gold to the amount of £5000 has been engaged
from Roumanla. The price of bars has been
raised to 77s ll%d.
CLOSING.
London Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Porter Brcs. . Company
sold California' lruits to-day: Tokays, $1@1 70,
average $1 43; double crates, $2 40@3 "40, average
?3 02; Muscats, $1 70@l 85, average $1 kl;. Cor
nlchons, '$1 SO; Morocco,- $1 20; Verdels, 70c;
Morceaus. $2 20; Cornice, 70c; E. Buerre, $1 40;
W. Nellls, $1 75(g2 05,- average. $2 03; Quinces,
SOc; California reds,'$l. Eight cars sold to-day.
Weather cloud}'. '
The Karl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day: Grapes— Tokays, single crates, .70@$l 75,
average Jl 10;. double crates, $1 S5@3 75, \u25a0 aver
age $2 S8; Cornichons, single crates, average
$1 40;. Morocco, single crates, average $1 6u;
Muscats, single crates, 70@75c. ' average 72c.
Quinces— Boxes, average $1 15. Prunes— Italians,
single, crates, 75@$1, avarage 90c. Eight cars,
sold to-day. Weather wet.
NEW YORK, -Oct. 18.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: W. Nellls. $2 65®
5\ average $3 S3; apples, $1 85; Tokays, 90o@
$2 05, average $1 46; clusters, $1 65@2 25, average
$1 57; Moroccos, $3 29; Muscats, $1 10@l 80, aver
age. $1 62; Cornichons, $1 40@2 05. average $1 86;
assorted. ?1 15@2 15, -average $1 76;- California
late reds, $1 40; Morceaus, $1 85@3 45, average
$2 95. Twelve cars sold to-day. Weather fine.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day: Grapes— Tokays, single crates. 85c@
$2 75, average $1 27; clusters, single crates, $2 75
@3 15, average $3 07; Muscats,, single crates,
70e@$l 05, average*85c. Pears— W. Nellis, half
boxes, $1 10tjp3 1214, average $1 54. Peaches —
Sal ways, boxes, 30@S5c,: average 47c. Twelve
cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
POTATOES— 50@75c In sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $l@l 30;
River Reds, $1 45@1 60; Sweets, 37%@4oc, for
Rivers and 75@S5c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1@1 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60®
75c per ctl.
VEGETABE.ES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans, 2©3%c; Llmas, 3iA@4c; Cab
bage. C0@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river,
; from Alameda, 2o@35c; Dried Peppers, 10@
ViMc: Green Okra, 50@75c per box; Carrots, 25|j
35c per sack; Cucumbers, 30@40c; Pickles, iy^
3c per lb for small and l@l%c for larger Garlic,
2@2 I /4c; Green Peppers S5@50o per box for Chile
and S5@50c for Bell; Esgr Plant, 35@60c per box;
Green Corn,, Alameda, 75c@$l per crate; Berke
ley, 65@75c; Summer Squash, 35@60c; Marrowfat
Squash, $Gig8 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $20. -
The Vegetable. list shows few changes, and
those are narrow. Stocks are sufficient for the
demand.
The market stands about the same all around.
Potatoes and Onions go off fairly at previous
prices, and a car of Merced Sweets brought un
changed . quotations.
Potatoes,. Onions and ' Vegetables.
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20e; Astral. 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 2-jc: Eocene, 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21%c: Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c: SS-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In cases,
26%c.
TURPENTINE— £S%e per gallon In cases and
62c in drums and iron barrels.
\u25a0' SUGAR— The Western Su.-rar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bagsi
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered. 4.75c: Candy Granulated. 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c,; Confectlonars* A. 4.63c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.65c: Beet Granulated (ICO-lb bags
only), 4.45c; Magnolia A, 4.23c; Extra C, 4.15c:
Golden C, 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; bases, 50c more; 60-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels. 5.15c: boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than SO per cent of Beet Sugar.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and .62c- for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 90c;
China Nut, 65@72c per gallon; pure Neat3foot
in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoa
nut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $S 50; Coos
Bay, 15 50; Wallscnd. *J; Co-operative Wallsend.
$9: -Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 73 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand. - s
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool Bag*.
82@35o; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bass, 6%©
S%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Beans remain as before. Generally speaking,
the market is weak and dull, though colored
kinds are i steady at the moment under light
stocks. . ; "\u25a0 •
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; Small White, $3 49
@3 50; Large White, $2 25@2 60; Pea, $3@4:
Pink, $2 25@2 50; Red, $ ; Blackeye. $3 25®
3 60; Llmas, |4 50® 4 85; Red Kidney, $3 75 per
ctl. • . ; . """*
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, |3@3 BO; Yellow
Muatard. $3 35@3 GO; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3V4@3%o for Eastern; 'Alfalfa, nominal; Rapt,
l 1 A<S>l ! !4c: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75®1 90; Green. 11 75
@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull. Barley shows more steadiness.
Oafs firm, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay steady, in spite of larger receipts.'
Not much variation in Beans.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Eggs beginning to waver. Cheese steady.
Poultry and Game doing better again.
Fresh Fruits quieter, owing to the cool weather.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions steady and unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Light business on tJie local stock exchanges. ' *
• Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF- 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%o per lb
for Cows.
> VEAL— Large, 7%@S%c; small, 8@5c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7<@8e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under, 6c: over
230 Ib3, 5%@5%c; feeders, ;\u25a0 sowa, 20 per
cent oft; boars. 30 per cent oft", and stags, 40
per cent eft front the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 10
Alice 45 Ontario .....10 75
Breeee 1 4o Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 12 Phoenix 0G
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosl 04
Con Cal & Va 1 6* Savage 09
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada. 12
Horn Silver 1 SO Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 64 Standard 8 85
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Union Pacific'.:... 97%
Call loans 3%<3i4% West End ........ 93
Time loana 4 @5 Westlngh Elec ... 71
Stocks— ' Bonds—
Atch T & S Fe.... 77% N E Gas & C 5s. 53
Do,prefd 8fi^ Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar I16»i Adventure 22%
Amer Tel 15% Bingrham Mln Co.. 30 .
Boston & Albany. 256 An-.al Copper .... 86^
Boston L 167 Atlantic ....: 35
Boston & Maine.. 193 Calumet & Heda..C60 ,
Dominion Coal 46%- Franklin ........... 17
Do prefd 117 Humboldt 90
U S Steel 43 Osceola 97ft
Do prefd 92% ! Parrott 38
Fltchburg prefd... 142% Qulncy 160
Ed Elec 111 S35 Santa Fe Copper.. 4
N E Gas & Coke. 514 Tamarack 285
Old Colony 206ft Wlnona .. 23
Old Dominion 26% Wolverines ..: 60
Rubber 14*4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
There was less snap to the Hay market,
receipts being larger, but there was no weak
ness I In prices. Feedstuffs were generally
quoted easy, but no lower. .
BRAN-J2O@20 50 per ton. !
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 CO per ton.
FEKD6TUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing,
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20<ii'21; Corn Meal,
$34@34 £0; Cracked Corn, ?31 50@35; Mixed Feed,
$1$®19.
HAY— Wheat, JS@11; Choice, $1150; Wheat
and Oat, • $7 60@10 60; Oat, $S@10; Barley and
Oat. $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover, $5 60Q7;
Volunteer, $5if S; Stock, $5@7 per ton. ,.
STRAW— 30® 15c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
@4 25; Buck-wheat Flour, %i&* 25; Cracked
Wheat, S3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. ?3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@8 35;
In sacks. $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, ?5; Split Peas,
?5;' Green Peas, JO 50 per 100 lbs.
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 23 for small
and 5Cc for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, Soc; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6'/ic; No. 1 rendered. 5@
6%c per lb; No. 2, 4@4%c; grease, 8c.
WOOLr-Sprlas. 1900 or 1901-Southern. defect
ive, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine. 14®
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9@
He; Nevada, . 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c: San Joaquln
Lambs*. 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 3@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— D@10c for- fair ar.d ll@14c per lb for
good to choice.
THE SAN FEANCISUb CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17,: 1901.
S6c;.No. 2 white. S7%@3S%o; No. S white, S5%@
37c; No. 2 rye.-65»i<g>5G%c; fair to choice malt-
Ing barley, 64@S8c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 48; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 EO; prime timothy seed, $5 So®
5 65; mess pork, per barrel, $13 75@13 SO; lard,
per 100 pounds, $9 42@9 45; short-rib sides
(loose), $S 20»g8 40; dry Baited shoulders (boxed).
$7 50@7 75; short clear sides (boxed), ?S 75@8 85;
whisky, basis ot high wines. $1 30. \u25a0\u25a0, '
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« buttei
market was steady; creamery, 14@21c; dairy.
13019c Cheese, steady, 9$i@10%c. Eggs, firm
fresh. 17%@18c.
Article*— •-.= .-.-. . 'Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '.....; ....63,000 . 88,000
Wheat, bushels 280,000 27,000
Corn, bushels 345,000 162.00O
Oats, bushels 351,000 153.0CO
Rye, bushels.... 7,000 1,000
Barley, bushels'.... .107,000 H.00O
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
* . 3f
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' Dec March.
Opening 6 8 5 9Vi
Closing... .58 B 9V4
pAris. -\u25a0••
.- Wheat— , * Oct., Jan.- Apr.
Opening 1. .'.....' 20 75 2180
Closing ....:.. 20 95 22 00
Flour— . -
Opening .'. 28 65 27 85
Closing ..........; 26 80 28 00
10
AUCTION SALES
*» JDSTABKIVED. •*»
Carload gentle business horses.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD y ST.SIGNOR GUISEPPE CREATORE
OF THE ITALIAN BAND IN
CHARACTERISTIC POSES.
BERKELEY, Oct. 16.— Clyde E. Abbott,
the stationer, whose wife has brought suit
against him for divorce on the ground of
extreme cruelty, denies the allegations
she has made. He declares that he will
file a counter B'llt. but on what grounds
he declines to state at present.
Will Pile Counter Suit.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Complaint for di
vorce was filed to-day by Jennie McClln
tock against Jesse P. McClintock. her
ground being failure to provide. Ramona
Narvaez began suit for divorce from
Frank S. Narvaez, the well-known horse
man, alleging habitual intemperance.
Henry S. Keith failed to answer Florence
Keith's suit for divorce and a default was
entered against him.
"Wives Ask for Divorces.
The court in Cottonwood was visited by
the high chief ranger last week, and he
was cordially -welcomed. There was a
banquet in hia honor.
High Chief Ranger Boehm is visiting In
Oregon and Washington and will' return
on tho, 18th Inst.
Court Lincoln was entertained on tho
10th inst. by the membership of Court
Twin Peaks. This meeting of the two
most prosperous courts in this city was a
very pleasant gathering.
Court Bohemian, which is striving hard
to v secure the prize that is offered for in
crease in membership, at its last held
meeting initiated three candidates and re
ceived five applications.' :
A new court of the order will be insti
tuted in Portland, Or., this week.
Court Triumph of Oakland, F. of A.,
had a pleasant entertainment for its mem
bers and friends in Gier's Hall on the
10th inst. ' .
Ancient Order of Foresters.
BERKELEY. Oct. 16.— Town Clerk C.
E. Thomas has completed the footing of
the assessment rolls. The total amount
of taxes this year is $104,336 40. of which
sura $10,000 is a special tax for a fire
alarm system. The increase in taxes
over last year, excluding the special tax
i3 $7381 21. The total valuation of the
assessed property after equalization is
$9,576,940. as against $8,948,710. Town As
sessor Wells raised this year's assess
ment over last year's $373,040, and this sum
was increased $?55,19O by the Board of
Equalization. -
Assessment Figures Completed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Delinquent tax
payments cannot be used to keep the
night schools open. That was the deci
sion arrived at to-day by City Attorney
Johnson, Auditor Breed, Treasurer Tay
lor and Councllmen Schaffer and Boyer,
after a conference upon the evening
school situation. The officials are now as
much at sea as ever concerning the ques
tion of securing money, although Super
intendent of Schools McClymonds says he
feels confident the City Council will find
the funds somewhere.
Back Taxes Not Available.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— The Pabst Cafe, on
North First street, against which a cru
sade has been conducted by the Pastors'
Union and other organizations, has bowed
to public opinion. Manager 'Hirsch to-day
announced he would eliminate the objec
tionable feStures. Variety performances
will be discontinued, gambling games
stopped and the "lady orchestra" stricken
from the payroll.
Yields to Public Opinion.
Few women consider that they carry
some forty or fifty miles of hair orr their
head: the fair-haired may even have to
dress se\-enty miles of thread of gold
ever>' morning.
•j* — ; •£•
the part well. Miss Mueller made a fairly
good impression in the part of Nedda, in
which she made her Initial Tivoli appear
ance last night. Next week comes a great
revival of "Norma," beginning Monday,
with Signor Avedano in the role of Polllo,
his first appearance since last season. On
Tuesday "La Boheme," with elaborate
stage settings and costumes from the La
Scala models, and a great cast, will be
given for the first time at this house and
at popular prices.
"Florodora" is in its last few clays at
the Columbia Theater and has had a rec
ord breaking run here. There will be an
extra performance on Sunday night in or
der- to fill the large demand for scats.
Next comes Stuart Robson in a two
weeks' engagement with Bronson How
ard's clever comedy. "Tho Henrietta."
Mr. Robson has in his company this time
some notable people — Maclyn Arbuckle
Russ "VVhytal. DoFothy Rossmore and Es
telle Carpenter. Maclyn Arbuckle has
been starring this year in "The Sprightly
Romance of Marsae." Miss Carpenter
played Maxine Elliott's part in "When
AVe Were Twenty-One." Dorothy Ross
more has been lately starring in Sardou
and Shakespearean repertoire and Russ
Whytal, the author-actor, has been tour
ing his own plays, "For Fair Virginia"
and "Dorothy Deane."
"The Little Minister" is .crowding the
Grand Opera-house this week. It is the
first time that the play has been present
ed at Dopular prices and Grand Opera
house patrons have taken full advantage
of tho privilege. Laura Nelson Hall
makes a charming Lady Babble, vivacious
and tender, arid some others among the
parts are well taken. Next week the
Grand Opera-house will have a double at-
day. The document is holographic and
disposes of an estate consisting of $2000
cash, $1000 in stocks and $250 worth of
Jewelry. The legatees are Charlie Thall
and Ella Thall, his children. Maurice E.
Meyer is named as executor.
A Comfortable and Delightful Trip.
On Sunday, October 20, the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excur
sion to Uklah. Each ticket sold insures
a seat, for the company. will not sell a
single ticket above the number of scats
provided. Time of departure from
Tiburon Ferry will be 8:30 a. m., and from
Ukiah on the return, 5 p. m. Train will
not stop in transit. Fare for the round
trip only J2. Tickets now on sale, at
Ticket Office, C50 Market street (Chronicle
building) and Tiburon Ferry.
Ex-Police Officer Byrnes Injured.
Ex-Police Officer - Thomas Byrnes was
thrown from a milk wagon on tho Mission
road near the Slx-mlle House yesterday
afternoon and had his thigh bone broken.
He was removed to the City and County
Hospital for medical treatment.
Custom-House Promotions.
George H. Cooma, messenger in the
office of Customs Collector Btratton, has
been promoted to be eampler, vice J. D.
Whelan^ promoted to the position of ex
aminer.
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George has made arrangements for a
prand entertainment and dance In the
Pythian Castlo on the night of the 16th
lnst. A well arranged programme will be
presented. - . . - ,
Every year Increases the cost of the
public schools of New York. This year
they cost $18,512,000. Next year about $19,
800,000 will be. demanded by the Board of
Education. Of this amount $15,151,000 will
be mandatory under the Davis law. , \u25a0
Mrs. Miller is a striking looking 1 woman
of 25, and Miller Is a pensioner of the
Civil War, now living in Mexico.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 16.— The divorce
case of Mrs. Lulu Miller vs. Pomeroy Mil
ler, • now on trial here, is of a. peculiarly
interesting nature, as the defendant is
not only the husband but the stepfather
of the plaintiff and a witness for the
plaintiff Is both her stepdaughter and her
half-sister. Mrs. Miller's mother was a
widow when Pomeroy Miller married her,
Lulu being five years old. Lulu's mother
died eleven years later, leaving her to
care for four stepbrothers and sisters.
The family then lived In Aurora. Mo.
Three months later Lulu began living
with her stepfather by an agreement rec
ognized as a contract marriage.
The family moved west, living succes
sively in Kansas, Oklahoma, Indian Ter
ritory, New Mexico and Arizona. Father
and stepdaughter were regularly married
in Las Vegas two years ago, having pre
viously been blessed with three children,
which were, of course, the step grand
children of their father.
Peculiar Mix-TJp in Relationship Is
Brought to Light in a Phoenix
Court.
MARRIES HIS STEPDAUGHTER;
NOW SITES FOR DIVORCE
Spalding stated that he carried an in
surance of $5500 on the house. The prem
ises occupied by Syles were insured for
$600.
An alarm of fire on Forty-seventh ave
nue, at Carvllle, near the beach, was
turned in yesterday morning at 2:30
o'clock. When the fire engines reached
the scene it was found that the three
story residence of George Spaldlng was
fast disappearing in smoke and flames.
As nothing could be done to save • the
residence the firemen confined their ef
forts to preventing the spread of the
flames to the rear dwelling occuDled by
A. L. Sayles. In this they were success
ful and very little damage was done to
Sayles' property. A mystery surrounds
the origin of the fire , and Fire Marshal
Towe is making an investigation.
Fire Marshal Towa Is Making an In
vestigation Into the Origin
of the Blaze.
EARLY MORNING FIRE
DESTROYS A RESIDENCE
A splendid bill is offered at Fischer's
Concert-house this week, among the en
tertainers being Sylvia Puerari, the oper
atic contralto; Sydney Smith, the clever
girl dancer; Eleanore Jenkins, in a scene
from "Girofle-Glrofla"; Herr Huber, an
armless painter; Val "Vousden, ventriloV.
quist; Valkyra, hand balancer; Maud de
Alma, singing soubrette; Bartelmes, an
extraordinary foot juggler, .and Harry
Holmes, blackface comedian and his div
ing dog "Candy." HInrichs' orchestra
discourses delightful music. '
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence are.send
ing the Orpheum audiences Into convul
sions of laughter this week with their
wildly hilarious farce, "How to Get Rid
of Your Mother-in-Law." Thomas Baker
sings amusing songs in clarion tones and
tells old stories in a new way. The % De
Courcy brpthers, truly the most marvel
ous acrobats ever seen here, are the acme
of physical culture, and Maud Sorensen
and Tommy Dunn give specialties. Wil
fred Clarke and company, presenting "In
the Biograph"; the sisters O'Meers, wire
walkers; Mitchell and Barnard, the sweet
voiced singers, and Joe. Myra and Buster
Keaton complete a good bill. On Sunday
next the famoua "Beaux and Belles 1 '
octet, the reigning Eastern sensation,
will begin a brief engagement. Mignon
ette . Kokin, a "chanteuse and danseuse
eccentrique," also promises several novel
ties.
The California is crowded nightly with
audiences who enjoy the varied fun and
eccentricities of tho Masons and their
company to the last word of "Rudolph
and Adolph." Lottie "Williams Salter Is a
first favorite wtth the house and the
whole company' takes good care of its
work. Next Sunday night Johnstone Ben
nett will begin an engagement In "The
Female Drummer."
The Central Theater has a strong bill
in John A. Stevens' favorite Southern
melodrama, "Wife for Wife," that i a well
played and strongly cast by the Central
players. Next week Stretton Vane's in
dustrial melodrama, "The Cotton King,"
will be put on, with all the elaborate me
chanical mountings that the play calls
for.
There is every reason for the decent
person to stay away from the Alcazar
Theater this week, "The Girl in the Bar
racks" being everything that it should
nor be. : "
traction, the Pollard Australian Juvenile
Opera Company, a company of astonish
ingly clever youngsters ranging from 6 to
1C years, who have a repertoire of all the
principal light and comic operas of the
day. The children will appear in mati
nees every afternoon next week, except
Saturday/ The. regular* bill of the. -week
will be "The Alan From Mexico," with
Walter E. Perkins in the title role.
The stockmen, it is said, will ask Con
gTess to appoint a special committee to
investigate conditions' on the public ranges
and. report back a plan for the future
government of the ranges in such a way
that the conflicts between sheep and cats
tie grazers may be averted. Ranges are
becoming so overcrowded that the strug
gle for grass is resulting in almost dally
conflict, in which bloodshed ia becoming
frequent.
Another important question to be con
sidered is a bill providing- for Government
inspection and the tagging of all woolen
manufactures to show the percentage of
"shoddy" and cotton used in all alleged
woolen fabrics. These and other questions
fully as important are expected to draw
to this meeting the largest gathering of
stockmen in the history of the country.
Madden will select a committee of prom
inent business men to assist him in pro
viding: entertainment for the visitors. As
the International Livestock Exposition,
will be in session at the same time it Is
expected there will be over 100,000 stock
men here.
CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— Martin D. Madden
has been selected as chairman of the com
mittee on arrangements for the fifth an
nual convention of the National Live
stock Association \u25a0which will meet here
the first week in December. There is
unusual interest in this meeting for the
reason- that the convention will take up
some- important Questions, which will ba
referred to CongTess direct from, the con
vention.
Stockmen Will Ask Con
gress to Make an
Investigation.
Sixty years ago Miss Nancy Johnson became
the bride of John B. Spencer In Northfleld.
lnd. Their wedding day was October 14. 1341.
She was then just IS and he waa 20. Now he
is SO and she is 78.
Last evening about thirty friends of the bale
and happy couple called at their home. 2254
San Jose avenue, Alameda. and tendered them
a surprise party to commemorate the sixtieth
anniversary of their marital union. It was a
Joyous gathering and Mr. and Mrs. Spencer
were aa Jolly as the Jolliest. Both old peoplo
are in excellent health and they entered Into
the spirit of the celebration with enthusiasm.
Mr. and Mrs. Spencer had four children bom
to them, one of whom ia dead. Those living
are John A. Spencer of Philllpsburtr. Mont..
Mrs. Josie Yallup of "Walla Walla. Wash., uncl
Miss Ida Spencer of this city. They have four
grandchildren and one great-grandchild.
Mr. and Mrs. Spencer settled in St. Paul,
Minn., in 1S49 and lived there for forty years.
They came to Alameda twelve years ago. Both
are members of the Historical Society and tha
Old Settlers* Society of Minnesota.
"SV. M. Rank and son, Lawrence, have gone
to Alaska, where they will pass the winter.
Mrs. Rank accompanied, them, but intends to
return on the same steamer.
Captain Robert Peterson, formerly of this
city will be married soon at Seattle to Miss
Lillian Metha Peterson of Oakland. Th*'bride
elect is an accomplished pianist. She is a.
graduate of the Oakland High School and took,
an advanced course of study at the State Uni
versity. The honeymoon trip will b& a voyage
on the captain's vessel to Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. Sanford will spend their honey
moon in the Santa Cruz Mountains and after
returning will reside at 23 Louisa street Th?
groom ia a popular young business man or
this city. His bride was a member of the
class ot 1?62 of the University of California.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 16.-Miss Evelyn Grace
Hitchcock and Ira Sanford were married last
evening in the Santa Clara-avenue Methodist
Episcopal Church. Rev. Hugh Copeland offi
ciated. Mrs. F. W. Hitchcock, mother of the
bride, gave her away. Miss Rosabelle Mackle,
Mis3 Jennie Merriam, Miss Edith Rennie and
Miss May Spencer attended the bride, who was
attired in a dress of white- organdie over silk.
The quartet of bridesmaids wore costumes ot
pink and blue. Several hundred frlend» of tha
bridal pair witnessed the marriage. Follow
ing the ceremony at ths church there was a
reception held at the Hitcncock home, lisa
Ninth street.
Mrs. F. J. Peck will give a tea next Friday
afternoon in honor of three young brides-to-be.
Miss Iva Herrick. Miss Luella Heeseman and
Miss Freda Kaehler.
Miss Rose Xalle, who has been the guest of
Miss Crissle TaCt for some weeks, is visiting
Miss Ruth Dunham In San Francisco.
Miss Florence Lowden entertained tha meml
bers of the High School Sorority yesterday
afternoon at her home, 971 Center street.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— The Oakland Whirt
Club, which meets once a month, held the
first meeting or the season yesterday afternoon
at the residence of Mrs. Julius Abrahamson
on Jackson street. The rooms- were prettily
decorated and about twenty members wer*
present. It is not yet decided where the next
assembly will be held.
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
SEEK SURCEASE
OF RANGE WAR
Current bills of the Contra Costa Water
Company for supplying the Chabot Ob
servatory and the Oakland and the Cen
tral High School buildings have been re
jected by City Auditor Breed. The Audi
tor has also refused to allow bills for
water furnished the Health Department,
his reasons in all of tness cases being re
cited in a communication which was filed
to-day with the Board of Education and
the Board of Health.
The Auditor insists that the bills are
illegal claims because there exists no con
tract between the city and the water com
pany to supply water. He also maintains
that the company has failed to pay the
license tax due to the city under ordi
nance, and he finally declares that he hag
numerous other reasons which were
brought out during the argument in the
mandamus suit which ths company
brought against him.
Refusal to audit those bills, as well as
others which have been filed with the
Board of Public Works, has led that body
to take action. Instead of continuing t.T
hold the bills in their possession pending
a settlement of the legal difficulties in
volved the Commissioners to-day ordered
the rejected claims returned to the va
riuus departments from which the ac
counts were sent. Whether the . bills can
be taken up by the City Council and or
dered paid is another phase of the fight
that was given light to-day. But it is
just as certain that no matter which de
partment of the city government shall
approve the bills the Auditor will con
tinue to refuse to audit them until thers
has been a final judicial opinion rendered
upon the disputed questions. '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 16.
Allows No Claims of Com
pany Until Lawsuit Is
Settled.
By prearrangement fifty men met at
the power house at Forty-seventh and
Grove streets after working hours last
night and expressed their feeling against
De Cascia by stuffing an old uniform with
straw, labeling it and running It up to
the wire support. After accomplishing
their purpose the men dispersed to their
homes and nobody knew ot their visita
tion until this morning, when the people
saw the figure swinging in the breeze.
De Cascia's fellow employes have taken
a dislike to him since his refusal to in
any way express sorrow for the death of.
Conductor Edward Thar3ing, who -was
killed by falling off his car. De Cascia
and Tharsing had been motorman and
conductor on the same car for several
.years. They were together when Thai
slng met his death and were members of
the same fraternal order, yet De Cascia
refused to contribute a cent toward the
subscription for a floral piece, and during
the funeral kept his place on his car.
De Cascia saw himself in effigy when he
took his car out this morning, but did not
comment upon it. Later in the day the
flsure was taken down and he was re
lieved of the necessity of being compelled
to see it every half hour.
De Cascia, the grouchy raotorman. who re
fused to contribute toward buying a floral piece
or even laying off to attend the funeral of
his late brother conductor.
THE COMMITTEE.
Passengers and pedestrians passing in
the neighborhood of Forty-seventh and
Grove streets at an early hour this morn
ing were astonished at the sight of tha
stuffed figure of a man hanging in mid
air from one of the cross supports for
the trolley wires that line the street.
Closer inspection disclosed that the figure
represented a bluecoated Oakland Tran
sit Company car employe, with the num
ber 109 on the cap. and pinned to o.ae of
the legs was a placard, which read as fol
lows:
Oakland Office Sail Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Oct. 18.
Would Not Help Buy Floral
Piece or Lay Off for
One Hour.
Carmen Rebuke De Cas
cia for Ignoring Dead
Comrade.
Current Accounts Are
Again Tied Up by
the Auditor.
REFUSES TO SIGN
THE WATER BILLS
HUNG IN EFFIGY
FELLOW-EMPLOYE
ADAMS SUBMITS
TO EXAMINATION
BOY IS KILLED
BY LOCOMOTIVE
Italian Band Leader and His flusiciaris Win Great
Applause==At the Various Show Houses. ~
Joseph Earl McGovern
Loses His Life at
Shell Mound.
Doctors Make an Inquiry
to Determine His
Sanity.
Accident Occurs Almost in
Sight of the Youth's
Father.
Slayer of Dr. Jessup WiU
Not Fight Against Going
Into Asylum.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Oct. 16.
Preliminary to his trial for Insanity,
which will begin to-morrow morning In
Judge Melvin's ' court, Charles' G.
Adams, the acquitted slayer of Dr. John
G. Jessup, was submitted to an examina
tion by alienists in the County Jail this
morning. Drs. Hatch and Rowell, who
offered testimony at Adams' trial for
murder, -and Dr. Lustig of San Francisco
were the examining physicians. They
would not make public their conclusions,
as they will be called as witnesses at the
insanity trial, and did not deem it proper
to speak of the matter at this time, but it
is understood that they will recommend
that Adams be committed to some safe
retreat until he fully recovers his mental
and physical health, which Is now im
paired as the result of long Indulgence in
intoxicating liquors.
Besides., the testimony of the alienists
the State will call upon several witnesses
who testified at the murder trial to tell
their stories over again at the insanity
trial. Principal among these, of course,
vrill be Miss Agnes S. Adams, who re
counted at the trial ail of her father's
eccentricities from 1SS8, when he first
begran to drink to excess, down to the
very day and hour of the murder. A num
ber of Berkeley people who had an oppor
tunity to note Adams' wild actions will
also be called upon to testify.
Adams himself does not think he is
now insane, but says he will not offer any
opposition to the proposition to send him
to an asylum, as he realizes that It is for
bis best interests.
"I must have been Insane at the time
of the shooting of my friend. Dr. Jessup,"
he says, "but 1 think I'm all right now.
I aa suffering from a nervous affection,
but it will pass away after I have treat
ment. I do not object to going to some
place where I will get good treatment and
>e brought back to health."
Adams pays he did not ask for the re
turn of the pistol with which he shot Dr.
Jessup, which it was stated he did, but
that it was made by relatives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. I'd.
Joseph Earl McGovern, lti years old and
who resided at 100S Franklin street, was
struck and Instantly killed this afternoon
at Shell Mound station by an outbound
San Ramon local train. The accident oc
curred almost within sight of the boy's
father, J. J. McGovern, a carpenter em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Company,
who was working near the scene.
Young McGovern had left his home an
hour or two before his death to ride out
to where his father was working. Before
he reached Shell Mound a tire of his
bicycle was punctured. It was this trifling
accident which led to the lad's tragic end.
Unable to mend his wheel, that he could
make the return trip on it, the youth de
cided to take the train home. Leaving his
lather he walked over to the Berkeley
train, and while dragging his bicycle over
to the baggage car the northbound San
Ramon train boomed along the track.
Young McGovern did not observe the ap
proaching train in time to save himself.
lie was struck by the pilot of the loco
motive, his skull being crushed on the
right side and his right leg being frac
tured.
The accident occurred at 4:30 o'clock.
Shortly afterward the father learned of
it, and going to the scene found the dead
body of his bov, who had left him only a
few minutes before. The shock was so
( great that the grief stricken parent col
'lapsed. As soon as it was ascertained
that the lad was dead the Coroner was
notified and the body was removed to the
Morgue. Young McGovern was formerly
a messenger employed by the Associated
Press in San Francisco. He was prepar
ing to go to work in the roundhouse at
the West Oakland railroad yards within
a few days. *
q .K..:.*.:.-I.*.I..;^H"H-K-v^**** ®
FISHING WORK
ON THE LIBRARY
Trustees Adopt Classic
Designs for Chil
dren's Room.
EONOE TEE MEMORY
OF DR. J. H. WYTHE
Many Voices Are Raised in Eulogy
of the DiEting-uished Scientist
and Preacher. ~N
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— The funeral of the
late Dr. J. H. Wythe. held this afternoon
from the First Methodist Church, \u25a0was
marked by the attendance of many as
sociates of the deceased physician in his
lifetime work an a man of religious and
of scientific pursuits. The services were
simple, yet many voices were raided in
eulogy of the distinguished scientist's
life, his works and his noble character.
The exercises were opened by a scripture
lesson, read by the Rev. John Coyle, pre
siding -elder of the Methodist Church.
Prayer was offered by the Rev. J. W.
Ross. The Rev. J. K. McLean, president
cf the Pacific Theological Seminary and
former pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, read a selected hymn. Dr.
Henry Gibbons read a memorial letter
from Dr. Levi Lane, one of the
early associates of Dr. Wythe at Cooper
Medical College, San Francisco. The Rev.
M. C. Harris delivered an address, which
was followed by the reading of a hymn
by the Rev. J. D. Hammond. The closing
aildress was made by the Rev. E. R.
Dllle, pastor of the First Methodist
Church.
The honorary pallbearers were Edwin
A. Sherman, Dr. Henry Gibbons. Dr. J.
Hamilton Todd, James A. Johnson. James
Presho, A- J. JTtalston, Oliver Orrick and
J. H. Henderson. The interment at
Mountain View Cemetery was private.
btjeldhtg tbajdes council.
STILL XTUABLE TO AGREE
All Efforts to Bring About an Ami
cable Settlement Save Thus
Far Failed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— The efforts to ad
just the differences in the Building Trades
Council of Alameda County seem almost
hopeless. The struggle between the fac
tions Leaded by J. H. Mullen and D. A.
Shannon is still unsettled. An effort to
hold a meeting of the council as It was
recently revised has failed, for the Shan
non men remained away. They represent
the carpenters, millmen, painters and
longshoremen, •while the Mullen fol
lowers represent the various stone
trades, electricaJ men, lathers and
others. The Shannon men say that
tr.ey represent the largest number of
union men numerically, but owing to
the system of representation they have
the smallest number of delegates, and so
tfcey refu?e to attend. Mullen recently
secured control of the council and was
elected business agent against Shannon,
who a few months before had defeated
Mullen. Mullen has the backing of the
San Francisco Building Trades. This or
ganization tried at one time to harmonize
matters, but was unable to accomplish
enything.
lie-union of the Class of '79.
OAKLAND, Oct. ]G.— A reunion of the
class of '79 of the State University was
held at the residence of Dr. George C.
Pardee on Saturday evening- to meet Rev.
Carroll M. Davis, dean of Christ Cathe
dral of St. Louis, who is among those in
attendance upon the Episcopal conven
tion. During the evening resolutions cf
regret over the death of Christopher S.
Batterman, a member of that class, were
adopted. Thofte present were: Benjamin
Ide Wheeler. Alice M. Bovyer (Mrs. E. V.
Cowell). Charles L. Butters, Alex James
Campbell. Henry J. Coon, Ella H. Wolfe
(Mrs. F. Slate), Rev. Carroll M. Davis,
W. E. Dargie. John Henderson, Samuel
Irving, E. G. Knapp. M. H. Logan, Mary
B. McHenry (Mrs. William Keith). J. A.
Morrow. Dr. George C. Pardee. Joseph L.
Scotchler and Miss H. Whirlow.
OAKLAND. Oct 16.-Plans of ornate
classic denlgn, from the hands of Coxhead
& Coxhead, architects, have been adopted
by the board of free library trustees for
the decoration of the children's room in
the new public library building, which
work is to be- done under the direction
of the Ebell Society. The scheme of dec
oration is ouite elaborate, yet ample al
lowance is made for the needs of the
apartment, \u25a0which is to be reserved for
the exclusive use of the youth who are
patrons of the library.
The floor space allotted to this depart
ment approximates 2000 square feet, the
room being rectangular. The chief feature
of the interior finish is" a series of classic
pillaring providing a basis for the exten
sion book stacks where 6200 volumes will
be accommodated. On,the east and 'west
sides of the room will be niches for statu
ary, the rear wall being left blank for
such mural decoration as may be desired.
A. frieze of conventional design will re
lieve the upper wall space and there .will
also be decorative work about the' six
alcoves and settles which have been ar
ranged on the east and west sides of the
room. The window space has been left
clear that ample natural light be had
during the daytime.
Architect E. Coxhead in submitting his
plans of decoration explained that the
general scheme would be worked out in
stucco, with light tints for coloring. The
floor will be laid iri polished oak, with
cedar book racks. The estimated cost of
the work, exclusive of movable furniture,
is $5000.
Formal application has been made to
the trustees by the library committee of
the Ebell Society for permission to furnish
the children's room, without cost to the
city, upon the plans which have been
adopted by the board. The trustees have
given their formal consent that this shall
bo done. The legal side of the matter has
been referred to the City Attorney for
an opinion upon the point whether the
trustees can lawfully delegate the priv
ilege to the ladies of the society.
There is nothing more to be done toward
the completion of the library building ex
cept to install the furnishings and light
fixtures. Plans for this work have been
submitted to the trustees and they have
ordered preliminary estimates and bids.
The cost will be in the neighborhood of
$S500. The trustees are hopeful that they
will be able to surmount the financial dif
ficulties that confront them and have the
new library structure complete and ready
for service before many months have
passed.
It is expected that the Ebell Society will
very shortly take the final action neces
sary to raise the money required to com
plete the children's department.
THERE have been leaders of or
chestras and bands before that
have attracted the attention of
the public by their idiosyncrasies,
but to see a real creator of nov
elties the music loving public should pay
a visit to the Alhambra Theater, with a
particular eye to the delsarte gymnastics
of Giuseppe Creatore, the director of the
Royal Italian. Band.
Sousa has his littje ways, but he Is not
in it with Signor Creatore.'
Now the music of the Royal Italian
Band is wonderful in the way of har
monies, but Creatore's conducting is the
star attraction of the band.
Signor Creatore, who greatly resembles
Attorney Herbert Choynskl, does all his
leading with a very self-satisfied air, and
with movements of head and arms that
lead his audience to suppose he is about
to startle it by a plunge into the depths
of the sea— one of those plunges that can
only be seen in a theater presenting most
lurid melodrama.
Signor Creator© made no fatal dives
last night, though. He charmed his au
dience with his hypnotic, left-handed
warnings to one of his trombone players
which carried a "go way back and sit
down" air with it. The trombone player
obeyed as if he were a great believer in
telepathy.
The great band then went on and played
several selections that won the applause
of the people present, but Sigiior Creatoro
was not to be suppressed.
The director was always part of the
show. During the tremolo stage of the
music he wafted his baton as if he was
counting time on Joe Walcott when that
dusky tighter fell from the solar plexus
blow of "Kid" Carter, but the staccato
made nim stir his long locks of hair, do
a few side steps and look ominously upon
his players. He appeared to be a very
mild man when the pianissimo effect was
called for, but the fortissimo— the public
should see it.
Creatoro is a wonder as a leader, and
he has an excellent lot of musicians at
command.
He and his men will be a big feature of
the monster benefit this afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house, and the town will
have a free show of the best when the
band parades at noon from the Alhambra
to the opera-house.
"Ernani" and "Cavalleria" and "I Pag
liacci" have met with the usual success at
the Tivoli. The week led on! with Verdi
night, which brought out a packed house,
and all the business has been well up to
the mark first set.
"Ernani" is given with a strong cast,
and all participating have pleased the
audiences. Dado and Barbareschi are ex
ceptionally well placed. Montanari is
singing Santuzza this week and is once
more in good voice. Agostini is as
forceful as ever In the role of Turiddu
Russo is Canio In "I Pagliacci" and sings
PASSENGERS SUSTAIN
INJTTRY IN COLLISION
Cable and Electric Street Cars Come
Together With Disastrous
Effect.
. Several persons were injured last even
ing in a collision about 7 o'clock between
an electric an<i a cable car at the inter
section of Eighteenth and Castro streets.
The Castro-street car was crowded with
pasengers, and three of them were pretty
badly shaken up. Two of them, Miss
Bertha Dornbach. of 707 Diamond street,
and a Miss Kelly were thrown from the
rear platform. Miss Dornbach sustained
a sprained ankle, and Miss Kelly was
rendered unconscious from the shock. An
unknown passer ger, who was also on the
rear platform of the cable car, was
bruised about the head.
The Castro-street car was thrown from
the track and badly damaged and most
of the windows of the Eighteenth-street
car were wrecked.
Meads' Besignation Held Out.
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— The actual resig
nation of S. P. Meads, the vice principal
of the Oakland High School, was never
made public. It has now become known
that Mr. Meads sent a rather tart letter
to the Board of Education, setting forth
his reasons for resigning and criticizing
the policy of reducing salaries In the High
School. This resignation reached School
Superintendent McClymonds. who asked
Mr. M^ads to allow him to retain the
document and put merely a formal resig
nation before the board. This was finally
done, and so the reasons for Mr. Meads'
resignation were never made public. The
reduction of salaries was the main, rea
ton, but the original letter contained some
general references to this reduction as ap
plied to others besides himself.
POLICEMAN PREVENTS A
DOMESTIC TRAGEDY
Former Army Officer Is Stopped in
the Act of Braining His
Wife.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— The opportune ar
rival of Policeman William Quigiey' to
day at the Windsor Hotel prevented Cul
lom Calhoun Mitchell, a former lieuten
ant In the Fortieth Infantry, U. S. V.,
from braining his wife with a silver water
pitcher. The patrolman burst into the
rcom Just as the ex-soldier had uplifted
the heavy vessel and was about to smash
It upon Mrs. Mitchell's head. Quigiey ran
in and knocked the pitcher out of the
enraged husband's hand, subduing that
worthy's attempt to continue the encoun
ter.
Mitchell was sent to the City Prison to
cool off. He had been drinking heavily.
Yesterday, his wife says, he kept a loaded
pistol at her head for hours. Twice she
called upon the police, but she escaped
from the apartments before they ap
peared.
To drink Mrs. Mitchell attributes her
husband's outbreak. They were wedded
here two years ago after a romantic at
tachment formed in Mississippi, when she
was the wife of another man. Being di
vorced, she followed Mitchell to Califor
nia while he was en route to the Philip
pines. After Mitchell's discharge from the
army the troubles began. Although he is
a member of a prominent family of Jack
son, Miss., and his wife was a belle of
Kentucky, the ex-army officer dropped
from his poclal position and became, ac
cording to his wife, brutal and insanely
violent from liquor.
Mrs. Mitchell announced' that she would
return to Kentucky, but she refused to
swear to a complaint against her hus
band.
CoEts Eat Into Laveira's Fortune.
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— Attorney Geary,
for Mrs. Mary Laveira, who Is suing her
huEband, Jose Laveira, the wealthy San
Leandro farmer, for divorce, petitioned
the court to-day for an order compelling
the defendant to advance her $200 for
costs. The plaintiff has already spent $300
of her husbana s money in costs and the
trial is eating btg holes into his fortune.
The trial will continue «bout fifteen days
more.
M«rk Thall's Will Filed.
The will of Mark Thall was filed yester-
Iiive Oak Circle Visited.
Live Oak Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America was officially vis
ited last night by Grand Chief Companion
Miss Alice Ticoulet, who was accompanied
by Grand Sub Chief Mrs. H. Worms,
Grand Trustee Mrs. M. Smith and mem
bers of Martha Washington, Golden Era
and New Century circles. In an address
following an instructive lecture to the
officers on the proper method of discharg
ing their duties the grand chief compan
ion announced . that during the past i bIx
months the order had done remarkably
well, having made a net sain of more
than five hundred members and that there
are prospects of instituting several circles
in adjacent counties. After the work of
the evening there were addresses by the
other grand officers and • other compan
ions, followed by a short musical and
literary programme.
To Form, a Gaelic League.
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— A meeting has
been called for to-morrow evening at St.
Francis de Sales Hall, corner of Grove
and Jones street, for the purpose of form
ing a branch of the Gaelic League for the
parishes of the Sacred Heart and St.
Francis. The Rev. Father Yorke. the
State president of the league, will be
present to explain its objects, and there
will be vocal and instrumental music by
amateurs from. Oakland and San Fran
cisco.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Licenses to marry
•were issued to-day to Jesse Newman,
aged 40 years, and Laura M. Kline, 24,
both of Oakland; Benjamin F. Barkalven,
fO. and Annie Jrwin, 5a, both of San Jose:
jJohn D. Hunter, over 21, and Angel S.
IW'eteon, over 18. both of Oakland; Ed
f fc-ard F. Parker. 33. Sonoma County, and
7-^nnie m. Robertson. 33. Petaluma; Frank
Ricktrt, 36, and Matilda U Claasen, .20,
both of Oakland.
CREATORE'S BATON GYMNASTICS
CAST SOUSA'S IN THE SHADOW
THE SAN v FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY; OCTOBER 17, 1901.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Miraculous
"It seemed that nothing short
of a miracle could save my little
daughter from an untimely
death," says City Marshall A.
H. Malcolm, of Chcrokce.Kan.
"When two years old she was
taken with stomach and bowel
trouble and despite the efforts
of the best physicians we could
procure, she grew gradually
worse and was pronounced in»
curable. A friend advised
\u25a0mST;* Nervine.
and after giving it a itrr days
she began to improve and final-
ly fully recovered. She is now '
past five years of age and the
very picture of health." >
Sold by mil Dru«Ist*. A
Dr. Miles Medical Co.. Elkhart, !n<. :THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THUHSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901
12
iri-«TV<r<«« /-»! \ v rv.*i Continued.
CAPITALISTS. ATTENTION!
A -well-known Investment banking house of
this city is about to organize a bank in a
most promising interior town, having no
bank as yet, but which does an annual busi-
ness of about $3,O0O,OC0; residents of the town
have agreed to build an up-to-date buildiny
for the new bank; we now want a few more
parties with money, from $100 upward, to
take up the • remaining shares of the banl:
stock; the investment is estimated to bring
magnificent returns. Address box 1225, Call.
ATTENTION, first-class saloon men! Owing
to peculiar circumstances the most elegantly
appointed and best paying saloon and grill
in this State is offered at a sacrifice; average
dally business about $12-j; over $3500 stock of
liquors and cigars on hand; business actually
worth $10,000. but will sell at invoice cost.
N. D. SICKELS-the-LAND AGENT, 6
Geary street. \ I
AN old-established, " centrally located wine j
house, handsomely furnished, doing good ex-
tensive bar trarfe; suitable for one or two
men: splendid investment for moderate cap-
ital: owner retires from business. Inquire
H. L. REA. 403 Washington St.
SALOON; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$15; good business: must sell; leaving city; In-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market at.
$300 — RESTAURANT: chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE.
837 Mission Et
$3000 LOAN wanted; 2d mtge.; R. est.; good
values; will pay $500 premium. Box 122L Call.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with a first-class bar
connected, doing a business of about $10>) a
day; price SUM); part of money can stand on
business; will bear the fullest investigation.
Address box 2340. Call office. Oakland.
RESTAURANT on Market st.. near city front;
a snap for right party; cheap. Apply 550
Mission st.
GOOD restaurant man wanted as partner; first-
class opening. 321 Ellis st.
$2000 INVESTED sure to make 100 per cent;
no risk; straight, legitimate. Box 1223. Call.
WANTED — Restaurant or lunch counter cheap
for cash. Box 1123, Call office.
BAKER'S fixtures. 2 horses and wagons; com-
plete outfit, j Box 2341, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — To rent, bake shop; one or more
ovens. Address, stating rental and location,
box 2339. Call otflce, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Hotel with bar; south of Market
st. Inquire at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pa-
cific st., after 2 p. m.
BROWN & OELELL. 41 Third Bt.— If you want
to sell or exchange your business or lodging-
: house list it with us. Phone Red 3313.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price ?1200. ,
RESTAURANT, cheap; 410 Kearny St.; other
J business; must sell; make offer.
COAL yard for sale. Apply 629 Haight »t.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; sacrifice for quick
sale. 132 Eighth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements end
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
LODGIAG-UOt'SES FOR SALE.
H^cTl^SElTT^FFiCE,^
1... .HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS. FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 to $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
11 rooni6; boarding 4500
17 rooms; line corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200 \
.7-room flat on McAllister 225 j
MONE JT TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard , 353 j
10-room house; fine location 4:3 i
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900 j
100 rooms; clears $250; payments to suit.. 6000 .
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash 750
5 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350 I
IS rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 800 !
£4 rooms; on Market st.; clears $150 1600 I
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750 j
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500 j
21 rooms; SGOO cash, balance payments.... 125-j !
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE I
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 756.
A — M-ECOM house; center of city; clears over !
$100 per month; worth $2500; price $1400. For i
sale only by H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market tt. '
TO sell your house, store, saloon, business
place, city or country real estate quickly for
cash list it with H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~"
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments.
40-room boarding-house; clears $200 $3000
60 rooms; corner; best in city sooo
35 rooms; very good; only iooo
WK LEAD THEM ALL.
20 rooms; par excellence 2500
So-room workingman's house; cheap rent. 2000
6-room flat; ail rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine Income 2600
H rooms; transient; clears $125 650
20 rooms; fine furniture: see this bargain.
21 rooms: ?5O cash, balance payments.... 1000
50 rooms: rent flOO; clears $250 1501
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 60CO
70 rooms; modern; clears $230 4(100
12 rooms; Turk rt.: all rented 325
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 450
15 rooms; Sutter ; central 450
MONEY LOANED Phone John £.31
A. H. RETSLOFI'. 906 Mrkt.. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO ~ ~~
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
6 rooms; elegantly furn.; flat $700
8 rooms; furniture and carpets; 1st class. 650
15 rooms; fine location: new; clean.... 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 1600
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750
9 rooms; right downtown 900
9 rooms; cheap rent. Including piano.... 1250
20 rooms; elegantly furn.: a snap 2500
43 rooms: full; choice: bargain 4500
17 rooms; north of Market: snap 1200
12 rooms; boarding; best location 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS 'ON
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
A CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
75 r.. rent $175. fine investment $5500
44 r.. rent $120. Inc. $300. apart, house.. $3000
25 r., sunny bay window c<<r., reduced... 2100
24 r., tent $S0, clears $75, trans., 3d st.... 1150
22 r., rent $37. housekeeping, Third st 350
19 r., rent $75, clears $70, down town 1200
10 r., rent $45, clears $40, good fur. carp...' 600
7 r., rent $32 50. near Ellis 425
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $260 to $3000.
HEALY & HENDERSON, "
„.,,., '•':'£ s Eddy St.. 18-19.
We don t keep good houses.
We Bell them. See these:
130 rooms; electric lights ..$15,000
7-room flat; McAllister st 250
9-room flat: new; rent $45 750
10 rooms; G. G.; new gjO
28 rooms; downtown; elegant 2 000
HEALY & HENDERSON.'
< Eddy gt., 18 and 19; Phone James 277L
IS ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; cheap; price $650
12 rooms on Second St.; great bargain; price
$225.
21 rooms on Eddy St.; great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter St.; price $S0O.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In our
office under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our office, 993 Market
St., rooms 1 and 2. McBRIDE & CO., Real
! Estate and Auctioneers.
I BUYERS — Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., opposite Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices. -
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
eale list your houses with
! G. W. SCHWEINHARD, |
I 917 Market St.. opp. Mason; phone Mint 1811.
! XEW HOUSES JUST LISTED— •-
24 rooms, rent $65, part cash $1000
27 rooms, business corner, cheap rent.... 1S00
"8 rooms, rent $50, clears $100 900
40 room*, cheap rent, N. Market 3800
120 rooms, rent $110. profits $1600 yearly.. 3500
WINSTON & WOLF. 102S Market St.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. I, 2.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been In this business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
j -He has 4 salesmen— Business Is booming.
Money to loan— payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses.
10-ROOM new flat, a bargain for $500
IS rooms; near Market; rent only $55 1400
26 rooms; fine location; rent $100; only.... 1500
50 others to choose from. Call at office 'and
see list. Will loan you money at 1V4%. M.
E. RIVES. 916 Market st.; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list nrst. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market fit.
1 SEE this house; it Is a bargain: rent $40; $200
I can remain: clears $50. DECK & CO.. 927
I Market St.. room 208.
$l-.0-C ROOMS and bath; 5 neatly furnished:
SJ^IiSJ&gSS O « t! ? n . : a bar S a ' n - FRANK
h.. Dr.NNEN, 14 McAllister st.. room 2S.
\u25a0
EnrcATTONAI/— CoTittnnefl.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college rraduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARU. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
. Gregg shorthand costs only $60. 'San Fran-'
flsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
WANTED — Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinists, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory. 301 Jones st.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty; MISS ROULSTON,' 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISIl7F7ench,etc.Prof3eFilippe'sAcaderny
ofLanBuages,320PoBt; estab'd 1S71; ablest prof a.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher: translations. 513 McAllister st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 33 Fifth St.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre- v
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JATANESE^and~~Chinese'^ierp of ail kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 616. '
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
KMl'LOYMEST WAM'KU KUMALK.
DRESSMAKER of high ability and experience;
perfect fitter, designer and trimmer; gowns
renovated, latest styles; $1 50 per day. Ad-
dress J. P. MODISTE, 1024^ Larkin St.
RELIABLE young woman would like position
to do uustairs work and assist In care of
child. Call 118 Wildey ave., off Fillmore St..
near Bush.
COMPETENT German nurse wants employ-
ment; good cook, and housekeeper; willing to
take entire charge during confinement. MRS.
B., 700 Broadway.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes place for
general housework; wages $15. Slti 1 ,^ Ritch
St., between Brannan and Townsend.
A YOUNG woman wishes to do housework by
the day. Address MISS NAVAS, telephone
Texas 72.
YOUNG girl 16 years wis,hes to assist in light
housework and care of" children in exchange
for a good home. Box 1220, Call office.
A YOUNG lady with a little girl wishes situa-
tion at light housework: no wash; city or
country. Call 706A Jones st.
WAXTED— Situation to cook in private family;
good references. Please call 2214% Fillmore
st. ; no mail answered.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a position to do
cooking and plain washing. 44 Brady St.,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, oft Market
DRESSMAKER of experience would like more
engagements by the day; will give reference.
Call or address 403 McAllister st.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework or upstairs work. Please call 301
Oak st^ \u25a0\u25a0.-. --;•.\u25a0:
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
and home for child 4 years old. Address MRS.
A. B.. Call branch. 639 McAllister st.
RELIABLE youne woman wishes position as
cook; $30. Address box 1236. Call.
A WOMAN wishes a place to do cooking In
family. 105 New Montgomery St.. room 19.
A RELIABLE person wishes a situation as
cook; small wash. 1231 Market st.
MISS BESSIE STOY, having studied art un-
der the best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
In teaching the same, desires a position as
superintendent or teacher of drawing In either
a public or private school. Address MISS
BESSIE STOY, Louisville. Ky.
YOUNG lady would like a position as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and office assistant. Ad-
dress box 1124, Call office.
TWO Swedish ladles want to do washing and
Ironing by the day or to take home preferred.
Address 376 Fifth st.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' talloress desires
engagements In families or at home. 613
Poet tit, near Mason.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking by the day; fit-
ting first-class (children's) clothes specialty;
will go out of city. E. A., 223 A Leavenworth.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper.
Call or addres3 2508 California st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day aa laun-
dress or house cleaning. 418 Larkin st.
WANTED— By seamstress, plain family sewing;
go out by the day; $1 10 a day. 354 Grove st.
NEAT, reliable woman wlfhes to do house-
cleaning by the day. Apply 513 Shotwell st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2".o to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
A PARTY well connected East, especially New
York City, thoroughly understanding the wine
trade, being in constant touch with the Ital-
ian and French consumers of claret and other
wines, desires to hear from California firms
wishing to be represented there; New York
and San Francisco references. Answer F. G.,
box 1207. Call office.
ONE in every respect thoroughly competent
single, sober orchardlst, with good references,
steady worker and large experience in that
line, would like a steady, responsible position
and take full charge of an orchard at any
city at reasonable compensation. E. G. O.,
221 Second st.
WANTED — Position by young man residing
with parents as assistant bookkeeper, porter
or assistant 6hipping clerk; steady and tem-
perate; can furnish best of, references.* Box
1222, Call office. \u25a0
INTELLIGENT man. 23 years old, speaks and
writes German and English fluently, wishes
position driving small delivery wagon, col-
lector, or with wholesale house, or any other
position; Al city references. Box 1233. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; sober, steady and fine all around
man; thorough horseman and driver; very
best references and personal from last em-
_ployer. M. M., 221 Sixth st.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as gardener
in private place; understands care of horses
and can milk; wages $25;- references given.
Box 1101. Call office.
POSITION In a wholesale or retail grocery
house by a young man lately from the East
with ten years' experience; good reference*
Box 1199. Call office.
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine bust-
ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position; Al references.
Addres3 box 1233, Call office. \u25a0
YOUNG man from East, with some financial
backing, wishes position in office; brokerage
i. or commission preferred. Address box 1237,
Call office.
YOUNG English (German spoken) waiter, just
from the East, wishes position in first-class
hotel or restaurant. GARDNER, 321 O'Far-
rell st.
VERY reliable Scandinavian: handy with
tools; good porter and bedmaker: handy at
anything; city or country. L. OLSEN, 631
Sacramento st.
POSITION wanted by experienced bedmaker,
practical gardener, janitor or as man about
place; private family. Institution or hotel;
good, capable man. Box 1245, Call.
SITUATION by young man taking, care of
horses, cow, Rarden: good driver; handy with
tools. Box 1171. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants work, city or country,
at anything; wages $10 a month. Box 1244,
Call. ,
EXPERIENCED barkeeper with first-class
references wants situation in good hotel or
saloon: city or country. Box 124S, Call office.
YOUNG man attending ' school wants 8 or 4
hours' work each day; chores around bakery,
dishwashing or any kind of work. Box 1235,
Call office.
POSITION wanted as electrician and engineer;
would like to take charge of small plant In
a country town; 7 years in last place. Box
; 1234, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; first-class New
. York and California references; good wages
expected. Address particulars Coachman,
Piedmont, Oakland.
YOUNG man. well educated in German and
.' English, understands the drug trade, desires
position; very best of references given. Box
H99. Call office. . - .
WANTED— By first-class Eastern people, posi-
tion as manager, steward or chef; hotel, club
or restaurant: references; wife excellent
housekeeper. B. F. G., 319 Ellis St.
YOUNG German wants a position stableman or
any kind of work. Address 38 Ellis st.; cigar
store. '
SITUATION by your.g man taking care of
horses, cow. garden, good driver, handy with
tools. Box 1171, Call office.
WANTED— A -position by- a man useful In or
out of the house; handy with tools; an Al
all around man. Box 1200 Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MAI. E.
TWO strong Frenchmen, one speaking Spanish
and a little English,- understanding horses
and general work, as laborers In wholesale
house, desire positions. Address C. GETI-
TIER V 1008 Clay st. \u25a0
YOUNG man, understands care of horses;
drive; milk cows; light work; small wages.
PETER CUSICK, 32 East st., Dewey House.
AN HONEST Japanese boy wants a position
as Echoolboy in a small family. U. YA-
MANE. S07 Polk St.
~ FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
KliATS TO LET.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay window In every
room; fine view; elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola st. and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler. bet. Pierce and Steiner. j
MODERN upper sunny flat, 7 room3, bath;
first-class order. 105 South Park.
$22 50— MODERN bay-window flat, 7 rooms and
bath. 15B Henry st.,near Market and 15th.
MODERN sunny fiat of 6 rooms. 1130 Golden
Gate ave., near Webster st.
FLATS WAM'ED.
WANTED— Small cottage or flat, with barn
for one horse, in Mission. Box 1180, Call.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, I28^130~Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— Furniture of 5 rooms and bath.
912 Ellis St.; rent $18; sunny side.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms; call from 1 to 4;
no dealers. 353 Fourth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. : phone Jessie 2071.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market: \u25a0 tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st.,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
- i^ G ;; L '?V E j S - _„„
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory pride;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A^JtlRS. "m! ",'"£. "£) A Y & CO . ''. ".'. ?. 'Phone^Maln lioio
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $25; waitress, Watsonvllle,
$20: 9 waitresses, first-class country hotels.
j-0 and $25; 6 waitresses, city. $20; 4 restau-
rant waitresses, $7 and $8; lunch waitress,
60 cents; 3 chambermaids, to wait, $20; pan-
try woman, city hotel, $20; helps, hall wait-
ress, {20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
. Cook, American family. $30: waitress, same
place, $25: cook. Belvedere, 2 in family, $30;
house girl, Belvedere, $25; cook, German
style, $35; second girl, country, $20, fare
paid, see lady here; house girl, Suisun, $20,
see iady here; house girl, Martinez, $20, see
lady here: German nurse girl, one baby, $20;
nurse, one child, in hotel, $15. sleep home;
many other very choice places. MRS. M. E.
DAY, personally in charge, 335 Geary st.
A— 2 WAITRESSES: first-class country hotel;
see party here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
WOMAN cook for restaurant; no pastry or
dishwashing; $10 week. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 335 Geary St.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
lng & facial massage included; course $3; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
/- waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary St., room 15.
GIRLS 14 to 18 years old; clean, pleasant work
at knitting mill. GANTNER & MATTERS,
1017 Hyde st.
WANTED— Young girl, German preferred, as-
sist with children; wages $10; sleep home.
1412 Washington St.; fare paid.
WANTED— A woman or girl to help In kitchen;
good wages. 1510 Kentucky St., near Twenty-
second.
LADY nurse wishes a lady assistant; good
home and fair pay to right party; state age.
Box 1206. Call office.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. I-\ PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
YOUNG lady to do office work and typewriting;
wages $4 per week to begin with. Box 1217,
Call office.
GIRL for Bakersfleld; cooking and general
housework; wages $25; call mornings. 1810
Bush st.
EXPERIENCED girl to work In candy Btore.
Call at Greek- American Candy Co., 44
Fourth st. /
GIRL for general housework; no outside work
or window cleaning; good wages; 1 hour
from city. Call at 829 Union st.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
no children. 817 East Nineteenth st., near
Sixteenth ave.. East Oakland.
PUR sewers and liners. J. N. LOFSTAD, 14
Kearny st. 9
GIRL for 1 general housework; short distance in
country; $20. 233 Devisadero st.
YOUNG girl for errands and light housework
wanted at 692 McAllister st.
GIRL for cooking and housework. Apply in
morning at 1706 Broadway.
GIRL for light housework, take care of child;
good home. 1632 McAllister St.
GIRL for light housework. 1011 Buchanan st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $5 per month. Box 1240, Call office.
WANTED— Young lady to do light office work;
must be stenographer. Box 1126, Call office.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
wages $20. Apply at 900 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— First-class waitress at 1414 Califor-
nla st.; references.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework.
Apply at 2515H Sacramento st. .
WAITRESS wanted. 657 Clay st.
WANTED — At once, a business manager; a
woman over 25 preferred. Box 1242, Call.
INEXPERIENCED girl for candy store. 22
Sixth st.
WANTED- A neat, reliable girl for general
housework; good cook. 816 Guerrero st.
MAN and wife to take charge of small ranch;
free rent. Call 7 Madison ave.
WANTED-A good plain cook. Dewey House.
47 Steuart st., room 3.
WANTED— Crockery saleslady; give experi-
ence and reference. Box 1243. Call.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1512 Octavia st.
GIRL to take care of baby and assist; steady;
good waces. 819 Post st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small
washing; call after 8 a. m. 1010 Guerrero st.
DRESSMAKER wanted; good waist trimmer;
one who understands. 776 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl for plain cooking and light house-
work; wages $20. 516 Hayes st.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer and type-
writer, capable of assisting bookkeeper; sal-
ary $7 per week: steady position' to right
party. Address H. N. C, box 1188, Call office.
WOMAN wanted for general housework. 66
Carmelito st.. between Pierce and Scott, off
Waller. . .
WANTED— Competent woman to do cooking
and housework; 2 in family; cottage; call 10
to 12 a. m. 1453 Oak st.
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist in gen-
eral housework; wages $12 to $15. Apply 4237
Twentieth St., near Castro. :\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
VEST finishers wanted; also, apprentices; paid
while learning; buttonhole makers. 509 Kear-
ny st., room 2.
OPERATOR on pants: one ' who can finish.
935 Market St., room 16.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GIRL for general housework. 1617 Twenty-
third ave.. East Oakland.
WANTED— Competent girl to do general house-
work and cooking. 138 Twelfth st.
GIRL for .general housework. 2102 Golden
Gate ave.
A BRIGHT , and dressy young woman for a
country home. Box 1229, Call offlos.
FIRST-CLASS skirt finisher. DANZIGER, 237
HEIiP WANTED FEMAtiE — Cwr».
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
I LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory. 3ZVi
Fremont St.; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove Hts^
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also operator on women's waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212-1214
Market St.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; 3 in
family; pay $15; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
2525 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie St., 6th floor.
WANTED— A young girl for general housework
and plain cooking. 736 Union st.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. D. M.
DAVIDSON. 52 First st.
GOOD Swedish ironing girls for laundry. 331
Geary st.
WANTED^— First-class finishers on coats.
BARON, 22-24 Grant ave.. Ladies' Tailor.
NEAT, reliable girl; German preferred; house-
work; small family; refs.; $20. 851 Fulton st.
WANTED— Women for light work on Iruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FtUmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A^dURRAYXIaEADYTTr.... Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
BOOR. R, SIEN FREE FARE
UKIAH
....C. N. W. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
UKIAH
50 teamsters, Ukiah Free Fare
: 50 laborers, Ukiah Free Fare
50 steel and ballast men, Ukiah Free Fare
SHIP TWICE TO-DAY
SAWMILL AND WOODS HELP
Band saw filer, sawmill company $100
Screw turner, sawmill company $2 50 day
Dogger, sawmill company $40 and found
10 laborers to pile lumber and work In yards,
sawmill company $37 50 and found
MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, near city $3 day
2 carpenters, mining company $73
Blacksmith, country shop. $40 to $45 and found
Man to run separator and gasoline engine,
dairy ranch, see boss here
Horseshoer, camp, $52; bench hand, $3 day;
2 boilermakers, mining company, $3 60 day;
blacksmith' 3 helper, ranch, $35; cooper, slack
work; furnace man. mine; wagon maker,
country shop; tinsmith
MISCELLANEOUS
15 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
3 milkers, $30; choreman for an institution,
$15; 2 and 4 horse teamsters, $2 and $2 25 day;
2 laborers, surface work, small mine, $30; 5
muckers for a mining company. $73; 65 la-
borers, city and country work; 250 drillers and
laborers, Shasta and Trinity counties, cheap
fares; handy man as porter and repair stoves,
$2 day; canthook man, lumber company,
$2 25 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef and second cook, sawmill camp, $100,
fare paid, see boss here 9 a. m. to-day
Cook, plain country hotel $50 and found
waiter, institution, $20 to $25 and found; sau-
sage maker, $40 and found; 5 hotel and res-
taurant waiters, $30. $35 and $40; pantryman.
$30; first and second cook for a boat, $00 and
$35 and found; young man for bakery.
. " MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work Free fare
FOR UKIAH
50 teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $175 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50 a day
Free fare Ship to-day Free fare
Harnessmaker for railroad camp, $2 to $2 50
a day, free fare; 4 carpenters, country, $3 oil
a day; blacksmith, country, $40 and board; 50
drillers and laborers for big ditch, $2 to $2 50
a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook for sawmill camp, $50 and fare paid, see
boss here; baker, institution, $40; fry cook,
restaurant, $40; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands. $30 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary «t.
COACHMAN, $3o and found; carpenter for
bridge work, $3 60 day; carpenter for sawmill,
$2 50 day; screw turner, $45 and board; setter.
$2 50 day; sticker and matcher. 30c an hour:
Jobbing carpenter, $3 50 day; 4 boxnailers;
woodworker and blacksmith, $40 and board; 2
slack work coopers, $35 and board; 4 laborers
for sawmill, $26 to $30 and board; 10 scraper
teamsters for country, $2 and $2 25 day; labor-
ers for quarry and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
NIGHT coolc, $35; third cook for Institution. $10
and found; boarding house cook, $10; oyster-
man and dishwasher, $30; waiter*, elevator
boys and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
60 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
60 laborers for Ukiah $2 per day
FREE FARE
6 laborers, near city, $1 25 and board.
Car load of laborers, $2 25 to $2 30 per day,
(No office fee for above car load.)
Cheap rates to Shasta and Trinity counties.
Wo charter a car that leaves this p. m.
AT W, D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st.
3 laborers for winery, $30 and found; chore-
man, make butter, etc.. $30; young American
for creamery, $25; 2 laborers for factory. $3 a
week; 2 dishwashers for Institution. $15; sec-
ond cook for boat, $30: laborer for foundry.
$1 73 a day; 10 scraper teamsters. $2 23 a day;
10 pick and shovel laborers. $2 25 day:
waiter for institution. $20: waiter for hotel,
Truckee, $25 and fare^
ANDRE'S office. 31S Stockton St.— 2 waiters
for country hotel. $30; young man to help
waiting, $7 a week: butler, $50: two waiters,
hotel, city. $30; dishwasher, plain hotel. $20;
dishwasher for delicacies store. $5 a week:
vegetableman, $25; second cook. $65; young
man for doctor's office, $15 and found; waiter
for a college, $20 and found.; dishwasher, $6
a week.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $75: colored bell boy, $12.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $75 for
a plain every day business; will pay $60- to
$65 a month; experience not required; place
permanent. Apply 765 Market St.. room 3.
WANTED for country— All around woodworker
for carriage shop. Apply 265 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Reliable, sober youne man to run
i elevator: good references required. Apply to
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $60 month; no experience neces-
sary: close Sundays. 1221 Market St.. r. 1.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Strong young man 16 to 20 years
old. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S Market.
WANTED— Engravers. Apply at SHREVE £
CO.'S factory. 403 Market st.
WANTED — Pantjmaker; steady work. KAPP
BROS.. 304 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Strong young man to work In fac-
, tory. Apply 221 Perry st.
MAN wanted to take care of ranch. 944 How-
ard St.
WANTED — Plumber at CHARLES MEE-
HAN'S plumbing shop." 642 Sacramento St.
I PHOTO-ENGRAVER wanted. Artply Callfor-
; nia Photo-Engraving Co.. 513 Market st.
: UNION barber wanted; steady Job: rood wages;
j must have certificate. 104S McAllister st.
| PRINTING press feeders wanted. 306 Callfor-
i nla st.
WANTED — Dishwasher at 310 Montgomery st.;
call early.
: WANTED— Experienced German grocery clerk.;
good wages. 1600 Hayes st.. corner Lyon.
; ERRAND boy wanted at 641}i Stevenson st.
, STRONG young man to care for Invalid. 2624
; Sutter st., aiter 10 a. m.
WANTED— Boy about 13 years; wages $15 per
month. Apply 110 Clay st. v
BARBER wanted; steady. 2S09 California st.
WANTED— Night "waiter for a coffee saloon-
reference. 112 Grant ave. '
WAITER; wages $30 and found\ 301 Twentv
second st.. Potrero Hotel.
WANTED— Young man who understands sew"
Ing and pressing at ladles' tailoring. 321 Post.
NIGHT cashier for 29 Stockton st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 2197 Powell st
Elderly Frenchman, understands little about
cooking & saloon work. Call 7:30, 1231 Market.
A y ° UnS man in kltchlnTlS
WAJ l T ?PT A . P a P crh an«rer. Call this mornln'-
* at 7 Madison ave.. Fifth and Harrison sis!
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DIt. KARNHAM, Epiritual medium
and life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Kun:.
Wed. anil Friday eveninps. JU35 Market st.
MRS. IIUBBARD. 103 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, S p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. in., 10c; readings daily, EOc.
BROCKWAY' S psychic cear.c-e Sunday, Tues-
day. Thursday, 8:15 p; m. ; 20c; readings daily.'
293 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2504.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
lite reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st.: Ellis car.
ARNOLD DICKSpN'S famous materializing
seance Thursday and Sun. nights. 201 Turk.
MME. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night. CUo McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS— Materializing se-
ance Friday eve. 127 Ellis st. ; 50 cents.
MRS. LESTER, circle S p. m., 10c; readings
50c and .?1. 14S Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S BDlritual test meeting
.this evening, 10c. 305 Larkin: hours 1 to 5.
PROF. GEE. 10S 6th— Readings iCc and tl; cir.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1125.
EARLE, independent slate writc-r; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs., Sun., S p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: testto all to-night. 10c.
C1AIRVO YANT^ >_
mmb~m7~bernard, *
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect . satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
28; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT.
Permanently located in my own home, WES-
LEY OH51AX, psychic, trance, clairvoyant
medium. Those calling to-day will receive
the benefit of my lowest fee, $1; hours, 10
a. m. to 7:30 p. m. 417 Ellis St.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH FSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds whfin others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. in.
Miss M.Wille.326A Ellis St., greatest of all crys-
tal seers: reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings. 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
BROCKWAY tells everything; if you are con-
templating a change in business or social life
consult him. 299 Hyde St., corner Eddy.
MADAME NATILLA. clairvoyant and palmist;
one Question free; advice on business and so-
cial matters; psychic healing. 334 O'Farrell.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth St.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from S15 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 23c. 1143 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 44S«A Jessie St., bet. Gth and Cth.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET SEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511 Vg Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Clean lnp.
3c; renovated; relald. 105 14th st. ; tel.Capp £i42.
ADVANCE Carpet-c'.eanlnsr Co., 402 Butter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
3S3 Golden Gate live. ; telephone East 126.
; CITY^ Steam Carpet-beating Works, G~ III
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 200.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CIimOI'OJDISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 20C Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY' s'~A^n^^o ThargT^in^
lers successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
S5. 916 Market. Advice frpe: tel. Red 5211..
DENTISTS. ™
A^DlT. T. fiT HIGGINS™"9ir'Ma7k^t~st?eer
Emma Spreckela building. Reasonable prices
fcr painless dentistry; pure gold lining tl 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns. $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC S09 Mar-
ket Et, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; aavice free; prices
clieapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
or oorcelain crowns, $5; set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists. S69 Mission St., SE. cor. Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work don«
en weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 5! gT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkin-Pain-
lesa extraction EOc; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor.- Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building:; telephone John 381; reliable
work and cfliclent service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofCatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTUlOAXrENGI^
NEER1NU — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; uhorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their lriends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life Bcholarshiu $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING and elocution — Eve. classes, special
j rates; monthly payments. LEO COOPER,
811 Geary st.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin St.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bids:.: Individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlning.mech.sur^
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S6*. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
RUFRCJ2S3 OFFICC of The San Francisco
Call, eoriifr of SXat&et P-r.d Tl-.ird streets; open
v.ntl! 12 (Telods i\cry ni;;i"'t la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— .V-7 Montgomery street.
etlM-r '-"ay; oj.cn until S:30 p. m.
SW Hjj.f ctreet; oi»cn until 9:30 p. m.
\u25a0 E38 McAi!Wt»-r r.trect; open until 9:30 p. m.
KJS Lr.rUin Mr»ft; opcu until H:UO p. m.
'9il Miss-ion. Mi cet; o;rfTi until 10 p. m.
12GI Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
ti-.itil S p. n>
30G Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
IOt Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. rn.
Northwest (.'orner Tvv^:ity-?econd and Ken-
tucky «=trrets: cyen until 9 p. m.
~"~.» Fi!lnio»-e f=tr«-et: oix^n until 3 p. m.
ciiurcu * K |[5X^355:
fcFiTciArr~N^tice~\"Pda> s' conference for
3i,b!o !tud« be^in? Wednesday. October 16. in
C«y Hall Square meeting hall. Meetings 10
a m S !>. ra. aiv! S p. m. daily. Public m-
i-tted. !" City Hall square. Seats free.
MEETl.VO 3VO ' rX^*?^: „
A. BGGDLAB meeting of Yerba Buena
Loct-'p of Inflection No. L A. and A., rf
.Scottish K:t«r or Freemasonry, will be ft
ncld in > \jmman-1c-ry Hail. Masonic A*$
Temple, on THL'RSUAY EVENING,
ftUSSXOX Chapter No. "9. rt. A. IL— ,,
fctate-i meeting THIS (THCRSDAT) Jk^
EVEXING. 7:30 o'clock. Mark Master T£j\
decree. By order of the H. P.
JKO. R. H1LLMAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J\
EVKKIXO. Oct. 17. at 7:3'J o'clock. wW
Third degree. By order of the Master, f**? \u25a0
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 1T0, F. and A. m
M. -Special mooting THIS (THURS- _j\»
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third JtJC
desree. !.ia!-ter Masons cordially In- » V «
vited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRT, Secretary.
BOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, jt
F. and A. M., metis THIS (THURS- j^V,
PAY) EVENING at 7:C0 o'clock f or 7^>\
thr>1 iicgrpp. A'l Master Masons cor-
cially invited. I?v order of the Mister.
' EL C. HARE. Secretary.
I>0Rir Lodpe No. :i6. F. and A. M.— •
epeclul meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
KVENING at 7:20 o'clock. First do- TK3\
grot_-. Masons are invited. By order •
of the Mastor. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sen.
THE fifty-first \u25a0snivenaiy banquet xjis^x. I
of the past members of Knicker- ifiS8fl&* i
boefcer Engine Cntnymny No. 5 (Vol- «g/trv
ur.tocr Fire Dc-pt.) wiil take place at Del-
r.ior.iiv'f 110 ami 112 O'Farrell st.. on
THUBfDAY EVENING. Oct. 17, at 8 sharp.
E. B. VREELAND, President.
T. MACAULF.Y. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
jTocoi-f from the Calaveras Mining, Water
rnd Power Company, in the Johnston and
.Scott Hill mines, near San Andreas. Calaveras
Count «\ to deposit tailings in Willow Creek:
Irom Charles Hilton, in the Calvarltas Hill
mine, et Calvarltas. Calaveras County, to de- :
posit tailing in gulches draining Into O'Neill |
nr.d San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Ler.'. and A. Rose, in the South Honcut mine,
in Yuba County, near Bangor. to deposit tail- '
fcgs in Souih Honcut Creek, gives notice that
o mfetHig: will be held in room 69. Flood
buiMir.p, San Francisco, Cal., en October 2S,
BO. tt 138 d. m.
AX.M'AL meetinc — The annual meeting- of
Ftookholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
rany. ZZ" Market St.. in the City and County i
f,( Pan Francisco, State of California, on !
WEDNESDAY. October 23, 1S01. at the hour ;
oT 11 o'ciocl-: a. m. for the purpose of amend-
inc eectirn 2 of article II of the by-laws and
:or the transaction of such other business as
m?.y oorr.e before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 12, 1901, at 12
o'clock noon. Py order of the president.
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley. 500 pages;
bost book; 300 illustrations: outfit free; com-
plete book, reedy for delivery. S. C. MIL- \u25a0
I.ER & CO., Portland Or.
WANTED — 1 or 5 pood lady or g?nt canvassers
on salary <rr commission at once. Call at
17 Hoffman ave.
Al AGENTS in every town for McKinley bou- J
wnir ;.'cturfs; fast sellers: sample 7c In post- i
age. HACEXS & CO.. 5«S California St.. 8. F.
AGEXTS-Do you want something more profit-
able and easier tr> spll than b<x>ks or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON", r. 412, Parrott bldg.
AGKN7F— You can row set "McKinley" books
frcn; H. It. PATTERSON. 129 Montgomery St.
ADOPTIOS.
MATERNITY VUU-Good homes for healthy ln-
tr.w. i)r. F.mlllf Funke.l»6 £th St.. Alameda.
ASl'HALTUI ROOKI\C.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pair.il; portal. VM Mlsylon; tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTBOtUCr.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, actrologlrt; complete life
__ reading. .'Or; \<y mull. DOc. 1163 Market Bt.
AT LAW. j
miZK advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st.— Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perJectea; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: meney loaned; insurance 30c
on Jl'j'i. P. II. TKAVERS, evenings. 41SW, Post.
ADVICE froo; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections;attachm> n'.s; mortgages; bills of eale;
partntr.«hipf ;d'-^ds;wills drawn; fees low;open
_eve'f. THUBSTOSf. 10CSU Mkt.. r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty ; quick
Quirt; no charge without success; collections,
wills, dc-eds. etc.. prepared; charge low; estb
_J6 _j -ear s^Att j -. G. W. HOWE. S5u Market Bt.
ADVICE free: no chan?e unless successful. "W.
Vi'. DAVIDSON. : : 2" Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE fret-; moderate fee If successful; office
_open_.-venings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
L. £. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kf-t Ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOAR DIXG FOR CHILDREN^
MOTHER'S rare and good home for two or
thr<-e rh-:icren: low terms. 1607 California St.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every k5nd bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
tv BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS ct every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1250; BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $1800; BAKERY In Western Addition; estab-
llshed 26 years; rent $45; 2 horsee. 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels per day
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A-J500; RESTAURANT and chop house;
ladles' rooms; dally receipts about $45; rent
$o0; best location. Tenderloin district. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26M, Kearny st.
A-J400; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent
J2o; good business; must be sold at once-
A—%US; PARTNER wanted In good paying
a,v^« tront *\u25a0 °
A-S350; DELICACY and pork store with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
R^G a WTI K a £ ln^ b °£ e J10 ° Per «£££ " CaU
K. O. uILKE. 26% Kearny 6t.
TO buy *rocerie« and bars, bakeries, notions
stores, saloons, carriage, paint shops? coal
yards, cigar stands, candy factory or anv-
thmc in the real eetate business, we have
them and they will stand investigation Cn
to DECK & CO.. »27 Market eC. m 2 C8
WE have a cash buyer for grocery or res-
taurant, coffee house, hotel, lodging house-
will pay as high as $6000. F. J. DECK *
CO.. Emma Spreckels building, room 20S.
1 HAVE all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
store.T and lodging-houses with me; I cuaran
tee to cell. F. J. DECK, room 208. Einma
fcpreckels building.
WANTED- Manufacturing business. F j"
DECK & CO.. Emma Spreckeis bldg., r. 2^.'
A— 1250; CIGAR store; Market St.; good trade-
bargain. STRAND & CO.. 20M Kearuy g(, '
A— $400; CORNER saloon: No. 1 location; full
value; a bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— S1C-C; BARKER *hop; good tra.le: rent SID-
harguin. STRAND -<4 CO.. 2«i Kearny xt.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
[ kind STltAXD & <;o.. 209 Keirny et.
A— CIGAR stand netting $4 daily eacriflwd on
account of death. Aek HEDGES BROS . 410
Parrctt building.
A— IF you want a business, one that will pay
$250 per month from the start, see HEDGES
BROS.. iVi Parrott building.
FOIt sale— A well-fitted up saloon on Market
St.: on account of death will be sold at a bar-
gain; no agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE.
f.lj Market vt.
CH i OP .' touse "* a t^at sacrifice; price $125;
clearing $100 a month; must be, sold at once.
McDRIDE & CO.. 503 Market EC
11 to se!I or Purchase a business see
X-AUSHMAN & GUST. 78 Third st.
HKI.l' UANTKB >1 A I.K — -roM.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on 1 iroad way wharf,
where employes are boarded and Iod«eJ on
steamer lying alongside: men working for
the coracany and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preferer.ee in future. Air-
play to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
COREMAKERS wanted at the Risdon Iron
Works. San Francisco; steady employment;
excellent inducements. Apply at office. Eeala
and Howard st3.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read EiiKiish. For
further information appiy at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mininz Co.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 2j. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— A bright, active young man bet.
the ages of 23 and 35, of good address, to so-
licit savings accounts for local bank; can
make frfcm $3 to $10 per day; references re-
qulred. Address box 970. Call. <
TAILORS— A first-class ladles' tailor to work
on jackets and skirts for Santa R°«a: must
be rapid. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO..
corner Second and Market sta. ___^___
COATMAKERS and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24
Sutter st. m
WANTED— First-class accountant: also male
stenographer. E. B. & A. L. STONE CO..
902 Broadway. Oakland. <
WANTED— Boy, 14 to 16, to learn the uphol-
stery and drapery business. Apply at 47»
Haight st. •
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wanted at
once. Pioneer Dye Works. A. C JACOBSON.
Bakersfleld. Cal. .
\u25a0WANTED— Good driver for bottling works;
gocd salary to right man; must nave, security.
Address box 1227. Call. .
BOYS wanted; good wages. Apply Delivery De-
partment Western Union Telegraph Company.
300 Montgomery St.
WANTED— Boy or elderly man in fruit store;
willing to work; wages $10 to $12 and board
per month. 243 Fifth st.
PANTS maker. Call CRAIG BROS.. 120 Sut-
ter St.. room 33.
DISHWASHER— Villa Miramax; board; room;
washing; $10 monthly. Ocean boulevard.
COOK wanted at Manhattan House, 823 Battery
street. _
GET your shoes half-soled whila waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
• required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ___^_ >
BOY In gents' furnishing store; must under-
stand something of the business and make
himself useful; $5 per week. 535 Valencia st.
"WANMrJJ — Young man. stenographer and type-
writer. In mercantile house; city references
required. Address box 1137, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain; 2 revolv-
ing chairs and panel glass; all good as new.
Inquire at 32^ Market st.
BARBER shop with baths and good paying
cigar stand for sale. M. BERNSTEIN.
1 Tiburon.
WANTED — Toung man handy with tools to set
up toys. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11
a. m.
WANTED — First-class experienced dry goods
wrapper for. delivery department. Apply box
1132. Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop; Santa Rosa; well lo-
cated: good business; cheap. C. A. BRO-
BACK. 319 Fourth st.. Santa Rosa. Cal.
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply before 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.. Inc.
WANTED— First class ladles' tailor. EARON.
22-24 Grant ave.. ladles' tailor^
ALL sizes men's shoen. slightly damaged, halt
prl«e. £63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and -l ats.
IRO.VMOLDERS and machinists wanted. ISA
Mission st^
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 7UA Howard.
2C0 MEN to buy milts made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO. . 123 ElllH st.
SAILORS ordinary, for shlpit for all parta at
the world. HERMAN'S. 2ti Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 5«'i0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 211 Third st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bulllw. r. 40. Phcla.i
bis. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. U.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
, ket— 700 room9. 2T>c night: reading rooms; fre«
: 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
; A BRANCH office fo- Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofr.ee. 2230 FUlmore st.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
A HUNDRED head of well broke Gerrraa
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. H ALTON, at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
DO not fail to attend the special auction »a!«
Wednesday, October 16th. at 11 a. m.. at th©
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth St. JOHN'
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
WANTED— A team of carriage horses, not over
16^ hands, weight from 1100 to 1200 pounds;
must be sound and well broken: give pries
and particulars. Box 1230. Call office.
FOR sale— To close out, 7 pure bred Percher-
ons— 6 mares and 1 stallion. Address MRS.
WM. B. COLLIER. 25C9 Paclflc ave.. S. F.
ONE 1-horse. truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth St.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. £5 Dote st.. S. F.
FOR SALE— Two good horses cheap. 3077 Six-
teenth st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In gcod carriage, saddle, business
and road ncrte*. DALZIEL. 603 G. G. *ve.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING.'
1942 Union St.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAI^ & SON.- 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ar°., Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
n !l?f£i TALS - ~"
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— An elegantly furnished 9-room,
house: reasonable; no small children; call
mornings bet. 10 and 12. 1428 Fulton st.
A— SUNNY: 10 rooms, bath. 1523 Bush St..
near Van Ness ave.
HOISTS TO LKT Kl'KMSUGa
A SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees: Alameda; Vi block from
Station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
' HOCSCS WASTED. ~
WANTED— Furnished house about 8 room3.
bath, garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view;
on or near car line: between Jones and
Steiner. California and Vallejo sts. ; three
adults. Address B, Call branch ofilce 2200
Fillmore st.
LOST AND POCXD.
LOST— Small fox terrier; left ear brown: an-
swers to name of Coots; reward. 263S SutUff
St.. corner Lycn.
LOST — Monday, swayback roan horse and
wagon from Page and Clayton sts. Address
2153 Mission st. ; telephone Blue 1378.
LOST — From - .'2ia Devisadero st., corn»r Wash-
ington; collie pup; male; return; reward.
LOST-Black and white greyhound dog Return
to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts •
receive reward.
LOST— A diamond medal, with name JOH">«
LEWIS. Return to Miller, Slow & Scott
Fremont and Mission sts.; liberal reward. '
LOST— A pass-book with the II ! hernia"" Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th* '
Sm^ " C AT T" EW EBNF.R or JOHANNA
r^ur^o SLy**" 83 - The ""*" Wi " P*""
L^, ST 7 AUtU . mn !fa , f pln set wltn about • dla-
MoKomerV *£'*'' RetmtoMThe light-running "Domestic" received
highest award at Pan- American Exposi
tion for "Best Family Sewing Machlr>«-"*
California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution will give a banquet
this # evening at Golden Gate Hall on Sut
ter, street Tho affair gives promise of be
ing a success. About two hundred guests
are expected. Among the speakers will be
Genera] James F. Smith, President Stubbs
of the University of Nevada, Dr. Howard
of -Stanford, Van R. Paterson and Bishop
Brooks . of ; Oklahoma. The banquet will
take place at 6:30 p. m, ' .
Patriotic Society's Banquet.
David Cunningham, a union marine fire
man, was convicted . by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on a charge of battery. Ha
was ordered Into custody and his ball
raised from $10 cagh to a bond of $300 or
$100 cash. \u25a0 He will be sentenced to-day.
On the evening of August 28 he dragged
David Rankln, a non-union man, off a car
at Broadway and Battery streets, and.
after knocking him down, kicked him in
the face. • . -"«•*\u25a0'
Cunningham Is Convicted.
At the request of Chief of . Police Sul
livan, Chief Langley of Victoria, B. C,
yesterday morning arrested Bessie Vin
cent, aged 16, and Sadie Cook, or Ray
aged 17, as they stepped from the steamer
City of Puebla. • The girls were in > com
pany of Blanche Lewis of 121 Dupont
street, Vancouver, but as they maintained
that they did not leave San Francisco
with her, the. police were, unable to take
action against the woman. The girls are
being held pending the arrival in Victoria
of an officer from San Francisco. They
were . to : have been placed in a disrepu
table house. ;
Restrained From. Life of Shame.
Tee Din, a member of the Quong Dock
Chong, was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss yester
day on a charge of assault to murder for
firing three shots at Lip Suey on Dupont
street on the night of October 8.
. Lee Kin Jung, another highbinder, who
was arrested Tuesday night by Policeman
Tillman of the Chinatown squad, pleaded
guilty in Judge Mogan'sf court to thft
charge of carrying a revolver concealed
and was sentenced to pay a fine of SiuO.
Highbinders in Court.
Major General Samuel B. M- Young,
commanding the Department of Cali
fornia, was the guest of honor at a
banquet gfven in the Occidental Hotel by
the California Command ery of the Loyal
Legion last evening. The large banquet
hall was crowded to its full capacity. A
number of clever speeches followed the
serious business of eating, and the com
mandery dispersed at a late hour. The
band of the First California Resriment
played during the banquet and between
the after dinner speeches.
General Young Banqueted.
Babbi Jacob Voorsanger gave hist fourth
lecture In the University of California ex
tension course at the Eemple Emanu-El
last evening on the "Torah, or the Law."
The discussion was confined principally
to the Pentateuch, comprising the five)
books of Moses, ' and was treated from
purely a literary .point of view. Dr. Voor
sanger will deliver the remaining lectures
in the lecture-room of the Temple
Emanu-El Instead of at the Hopkins
Institute of Art, his audience having out
grown the accommodations at the latter
place.
Dr. Voorsanger's Fourth. Lecture.
The business of trie Grand Chapter of
the Eastern Star was dispatched yester
day under tho direction of Grand Patron
Conant in a manner that astonished
many of those who attended previous
sessions of the grand body. There was an
unusual amount of business disposed of
without loss of time. The several com
mittees reported on the reports of grand
officers submitted to them, and these
were * all concurred In, including: the
recommendations of the grand patron
that members must sign the constitution
within sixty days after initiation and that
members of the order who desire to affili
ate with a chapter must do so within
sixty days. "What were heretofore known
as contributing members will no longer
be a feature of the order.
Several minor changes in the constitu
tion were adopted.
Charters were granted to the ten chap
ters instituted last year, it appearing that
all were up to the qualifications required.
Among these, a list of which was pub
lished yesterday, is San Francisco Chap
ter, which was instituted one month ago
yesterday. . •
To-night the members of the Grand
Chapter will visit Oakland to witness the
exemplification of the work by the officers
of Unity Chapter.
This afternoon the election for grand
officers will take place. The principal
candidates for grrand patron are M.
Joseph Savage, past patron of Harmony
Chapter of this city, who has proved him
self a most enthusiastic- member of the
order; C. L.. Byce of Petaluma. who is
also . well known, and J. Mitchell of Log
Angeles. It. is possible that others may
be voted for, as there are not any nomi
nations before election.
Charters Are Granted to Ten Hew
Chapters Instituted During the
Last Year.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
EXPEDITES ITS BUSINESS
George Aristide and William Doyle wera
arrested by Detective HammlU last night
on suspicion of having stolen a lot of
metal from the American Can Company
at 209 Mission street, v^. .
James Murphy, who claims to b© em
ployed in the construction department of
the telephone company, was arrested last
night by Officer Hutchins on suspicion of
having robbed a telephone box in a lodg
ing house at 501 Post street of a few
nickels. Murphy denied that he tampered
with the box. He will be held In tha
City Prison pending further Investigation,
Suspected of Crime.
Matilda Gray, 70 years of age, was
knocked down and severely Injured yes
terday: afternoon at the crossing o£
Stockton and Market streets by a deliv
ery wagon driven by William McKenzle.
She was attempting to cross the street
when the horse, which was being driven
at a rather rapid rate, ran her down. A-ea
Hamilton picked up the prostrate woman
and carried her into a neighboring drug
store. She was considerably injured
about the hips and back. Mrs. Gray was
removed to her home, on Seventh street,
near Howard. McKenzie was taken to
the Southern Police Station, where ha
was charged with battery.
Knocked Down by a "Wagon.
On Sunday, October 20, the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excur
sion to Ukiah. Each ticket sold Insures
a seat, for the company will not sell a
single ticket above the number of seats
provided. Time of departure from
Tiburon Ferry will be 8:30 a. m., and from
Uklah on the return, 5 p. m.. Train will
not stop in transit. Fare for the round
trip only $2. Tickets now on sale at
Ticket Office, 650 Market street (Chronicle
building) and Tiburon Ferry.
A Seat for Everybody.
TJKCAH EXCURSIOir.
Two years at hard labor in the Stato
Prison at San Quentin was the sentence
pronounced yesterday by United States
District Judge de Haven on "Walter N.
Dimmick, ex-chief clerk In the Mint. This
was for his conviction on the charge of
having presented to Cashier Cole a false,
fraudulent and fictitious voucher for
$498 37, and for having applied the money
to a purpose not contemplated or allowed
by law.
George I>. Collins, the prisoner's coun
sel, made a • lengthy argument on " his
motion for a new trial. The motion was
denied, and a motion for arrest of judg
ment met with the same fate. Collins
took exceptions and was allowed ten day3
in which to file a bill of exceptions pre
paratory to appealing the case to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
A stay of judgment for one day was
granted in order to allow .the prisoner to
arrange his afl*air3 before starting for his
country residence near San Rafael.
On motion of United States District At
torney Woodworth November 7 was set
as the date for the trial of Dimmick upon
the indictment charging him with having
embezzled moneys of the United States
In several small amounts, aggregat
ing $1386. All these sums were subse
quently repaid by Dimmick, the alleged
embezzlement having been but tempo
rary. The trial on the indictment charg
ing Dimmick with the larceny of $30,OCO
will take place at a later date, to be set
hereafter.
Two Other Indictments for Embezzle
ment and Larceny Yet Remain
to Be Prosecuted.
DnVTMTCg GETS TWO
7EABS ON ONE CHABGB
COLON, Colombia, Oct. 16.— The situa
tion on the Isthmus of Panama is un
changed. News has been received here
that tbe government forces defeated the-
Insurgents recently at Panonome, killing
a large number. Panonome Is now in tho
hands of the government. The govern
ment loss in tbe engagement was forty
killed and wounded, among the latter be
ing Colonel Navia.
By a recent decree all import' duties In
this department were doubled, ad valorem
duties now being 20 per cent. All liquor
duties have also been doubled.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Oct.
16.— Advices received here from Mara
caibo, Venezuela, under date of yester
day, say that the "Venezuelan troops on
the Guajira peninsula are In a condition
of utter confusion. Robberies and out
rages by Indians continue. The entire
Indian population is against the Venezue
lans and the latter dare not leave their
camps. The Indians are ambushing and
killing Email parties. Demoralization is
spreading among the Venezuelan troops
and there Is increasing: sickness among
them. Four deserters from the Venezue
lan ranks were recently caught and shot.
The Venezuelans at Cuajira are In no
condition to assume the aggressive
against Colombia, hence there is little
likelihood of fighting.
The Tachira frontier is still quiet, rains
In the mountains preventing active opera
tions, if any were contemplated.
Few troops are being moved toward
Quajira and Tachira. Venezuela, for the
present, is maintaining the status quo on.
the frontier.
Venezuelan Soldiers So Ha
rassed by Indians That
They Are Demoralized.
Large Number of Rebels
Slain by Colombian
Troops.
FEDERAL FORCES
GAIN A VICTORY
THE SA-H FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1901.
13
MOVEV TO LQAS— Contlmied.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy iL A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome »t.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and dls-
eounts. 221 Parrott building. \u25a0 \u25a0
LQANii money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTIiraEXTS^
EVERYli6i:>Y"is~invitcd to call and listen to
the wonderful Simplex piano players. as ex-
hibited in our arareroomi every day. They are
the best and cleanest of all piaJio players and
tlie easiest to manipulate. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7C2 Market St.. Pa-
cific Coast asrr.ts.
"WE are tha oniy house carry ins the cele-
brated Decker & Son and Baumeister pianos.
Our rTi~es ire always low mid our terms sat-
isfactory. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7<3 Market st.
AGAIN" we remind you that our piano stock,
both r-ew and second hand. Is the largest
•west of Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
told uyon eaty payments ol $6 per month;
Fome Rocd pi arl0S or &• & an( * $' P er mnn th.
BHERMAK. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
! corner Kes.rny and Sutter sts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth. Bt.,
Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
K«>ccn<1-hand upright pianos from $55 up. . f
Second-hand square pianos from $oO up.
Second-hand organs from $2". up; new up-
right pianos from ?1T5 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Ma-
Eon and Hamlln, _ Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
| tvitliin 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed cn a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
p'ano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrcll St.: established 1S5O : \u25a0__
ALL highest grades gold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
pain list, $50 up; Steinway, $185 up; Fischer.'
$100; Chiclcerlns. $165; 20 others: rents J2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright, ?12j; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright* almost new; also Steck,
cak case; Hardman square, $43; organs, $23
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& PO.VD and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure ta realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a EOtig.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market Bt.
PIANOS— The most modern and up*to-date;
Steck, Everett. Ccnover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardmaji and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market St.,
6. F. : (Branch Store, 961 Broadway, Oakland).
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. 595 Ellis st.
PIANO free; party will Blve use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. S6. 217 Geary.
CARLOAD $400 pianos Sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; cost $950;
now $385; party groins away. 217 Geary st.
J25— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new, $99. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Epielmann pianos. 208 Post Bt.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment- HAMILTON, S Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand uorlght for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister et.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright, $126;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary St., room 36. j
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Bhonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. E60 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SPACE 8x20, suitable for cigar store or barber
shop. Apply 953 Howard St., near Sixth.
22S PACIFIC and 804 Sansome St., 2 handsome
etores, cheap.
FINE corner; fixtures complete grocery, bar.
3993 Seventeenth st., corner Market.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. SIC Mission st
PALMISTRY.
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
J*A1.\ liiliS AAJJ UUicUllATUKS.
JTcCROMAmE^ €40G~G. ave.VphonTpolk'l423;
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary I
et, largest curio store In America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color;
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
Eists', hairdressers or our office, 385 Geary st.,
. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4895.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these euits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on ln-
etallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, eclatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bcttl*. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia et., S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
GRAND testimonial benefit tendered to MR.
GEO. RUSSEL. given by his many friends,
Teutotla Lodge Hall, SATURDAY EVEN-
IMG. Nov. 16. Admission," 25c; ladies free.
MAN and wife, experienced nurses, want en-
gagements, city or country; epilentlcs a spe-
cialty: references furnished. MERIAM. 229
Golden Gate ave.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to II 50 per night; II 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHT Guess? Tou can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The* Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market et.. near Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 3538
Eighteenth St., corner Guerrero.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
.bldg., rooms 323-324, S. F.; tel. South 381.
AT each prices; ladles' f*Uor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton at., near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; EOc, postpaid; free \u25a0 demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton. 324 Post.
HAIR dressing, 25c; shampooing, 50c; switches,
$1; wigs, $15: hair dyeing a specialty. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WILL pay cash and rood prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205, Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna Bt.
RHEUMATISM cured under guarantee. Call or
write Doctor, 504 Parrott bldg., San Francisco.
MASSAGE, hydro-electro therapeutics or hyp-
nctirm exchanged for vocal lessons. 990, Call.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 23c per pair and up.
1277 Mission streetj phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wiga;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
COO MEN wanted to order suits for 51 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO... tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
AEPHALTUM paint— Fir your own roofs; 60o
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Butter st.
OBESITY cured :no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 73G Valencia St.. bet. 18th & l"th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS . Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all d/ugglsta.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones -
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st. •
rLAJflXG AND TPRXIKG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIAJVS AJVD SURGEONS.
DikTcTcrb^ON'NElZ^Office 1and~resfdencei
- 1021% Market et.,; between Sixth and Seventh.
DIU WONG HIM, herb doctor. . euccessfully
treats all diseases of the human body; Bee
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay et. ; see testimonials at offlce.
LOST AVI» 3r'O\'.S\t C«in«lnnwl.
IxisT^fhre»~dTarn^n<l rinps In Oakland, near
iri^'hth tai' Adeline sts. Liberal reward If re-
Bimed to Dr. H. ?. KEKCAX, ll£4 Eighth
*•.. Oal:;«r.rt.
LOST— At Baden ftutkra. lemon and white
pointer b'.trh: r.arr.e Naacn. Rtturn to- C A.
HA1C.HT. 22S Market i»t
JT will pay to "U<n:isrnHer" «bat the Califor-
nia V.'ntch Case Co.. ~» Sutter St.. nce<ls old I
rold ami tiller to ma'.;<» new watch C3ses. |
SlATTltKSSKS AM) PILLOWS.
TO orJer. also cieare<I «rnl eternized, cpho'.-
ttc:j - ; Al carpet cicanlnis; honest work guar-
er.Uf-1. HOl'KE BROS.; 411 to 415 row ell st.:
-.<\u25a0:, riuyri 4:i .
UBD1CAU
VII. O'CONNELL— All who are slc'K and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have be-on u«cd ;'cr many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
1'pon relieved fcy my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; ail classes of female complaints
ti-rated; relief to tbe longest ca£<<| DR. G
IV. O'DOXNELU 1C1S Mf.ket 6t..Kpp. Fifth.
A-Mr.S. SWEET, gradual* Royal University^
Berlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery
oases; utmoet ccr.fiderxc can be placed in her;
takes and treats !kc;rs before and during con-
linemem: beet carp, attention: confinement
J]5; board $« week: infants adopted. 3327 isth
et.; Mlfsion-ft. oars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DAVIES. who has been in
business here for Cj years, is ttill located at
:™S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 30 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m. j
MP.S. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' *peciali6t:
private hcr.e be fere anj during confinement;
removed from Post to «f'O O'Farrell Et.
MRS. D. ALLEN'. HIS Market— Reliable Ia^
dies' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
teg confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOKKRB A?CD~MKS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; borne
in confinement. 112C Market Bt., S. F.
WRS. D. KOHL, lakes' ppecialist, confinement,
removed i'rom Market et. to 410 O'FarreU 6t.
A COSnXEMENT home for the poor.; free of
charge. Address ABC, box 2333, Call offlce.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; 25 years' experience In S. F. :
guarantees to cure all fema.l« trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market St., opp. 4th.
PR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton Bt., opp.
T.'r.ion square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
J5O1LERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
EARS, back bars, mirror?, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
chcond hand; we always have a large stock of
falocn outfits cn hand; S2 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. KOOXAN, 1017. 1019. KEL 102J
Mi&eion st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, sbap-
ers, etc.: also wood-working tools, »uch as
band baws, wood planers, 6hapers, stickers,
mortisers, saws, etc J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont et.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. Z53-255 Spear st.
FOR Bale — Fine eealekln clfchtly used; size S3
bust; will 6ell for ?1TO; cost J17B. Box 11M.
Call cif.ee.
SECOND-HAND 1S01 Cleveland. Steam*, Ram-
bler, Sr.eU, chalniess Spauldlng and cheaper
wheels; closing: out. 607 Mission Et.
\u25a0WATCHES, Jewelry rep. and made; cash pd.
for gold, ellver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lltter el. room 16. WM. MUKD.
JD-HAXD machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
dynamos bought, sold and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. Clfi Mission et.
HAND tenoning machine and , hand thaper
suitable for carpenter chop: also Ho. 2
Hooker steam pump. S4S Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and Bold. KROGH MFG. CO.,
6-17 Stever.Eon et.. near First.
1S01 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns, Enell
and others; second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 209 Larkln st.
FINE suits, 910; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. <37 Montgomery et.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hat*, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Prise Hatters, 330 Kearny et-, near Pine.
LARGE vault front: also large fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO.. 42 Main st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery tt.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; JS5; re-
dnetlon. H. F. ALLEN*. 2C3 California st.
EIG prices paid for sealEklntL full dress & Tux-
edo euits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
E0AT6, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
JEWELRY for tale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAXP, 126 Kearny st., room 28.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post et
GAEOLIXE engines, all eizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN' SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
BAR outfits. Ehowcates; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-tcn hay scale; Jeweler'* tteel-
llned cafe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCRLLAXEOCS WAXTS. "
iWAJS'TED — Gasoline engines from 8 to 4 horse-
power; muet be in good condition and cheap.
Afldress box 1229, Call office.
WaXTED— A 11C0 or 2000 volt elngle phase al-
ternstlng- dynamo. Address C W. LANG-
BTOFF. Foreet Hill. CaL
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st.
TILTOX wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1S4 8th et.; teL Folsom 2522.
\u25a0WILL pay cash for your eld sealskins. Ad-
flress et once, box 97. Call office.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AA— MA^JHA^TA^rXo^Sr^C^MPANTl ~~
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to eult- City and
Oakland, town and country property; eecond
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We wjll purchase
any of above eecuritles. Tel. Red £024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, 6econd and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room S
$280,000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or eecond mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch prcperty; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HAJiPER. 397
Parrott bulldinc.
ANT proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
intererts, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. IVxim 18,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY £03 Examiner building—
15,009,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on eecond mortgages, eetates, etc; financial
problems of all eorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages. «te. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams builtfing. 206 Kearny et., room 814.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of intertat.
8 Grant ave.. near Market et. ; tel. Black 6471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
«£t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Btore 846 Market
et.; tel. Mala 1644. Branch 1» Third et.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 108 Grant ave.., near
Geary et. ; phone Red 1C03.
ON real estate, 1st or Jnd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorecr or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 60S Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room S. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: eaey terms; no broker-
age.- reliable party. 1170 Market St.. rooru 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowett rates; prtv. Ormsby. £6 Montg..office 7.
ON SALARIES without lndorser; other propo-
r,.'.fcaa» S. F. Discount Agency. 148 Fhelan b.
MONET loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 4S1 California.
£% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commlnsion; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, xurr.iture, pianos; no removal; up
coramls.; confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
ON" furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
_tt.rictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
CN'E per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
11000; mar security. 302 Montgomery at., r. L
. "proposals^
PROPOSALS for Box Lockers, Depot Quarter-
- master's Office, ' 36 'New Montgomery st.; San
Francisco, Cal., October 15, 190L— Sealed pro-
• "posals, -in -triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a,- m., Friday, October
\ "25, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing Box LocKers. Quantity
to be subject to an increase of 20 per cent,
if desired by this department. Unguaranteed
bids, and bids upon samples' differing from
specifications, will under no circumstancea be
considered; proposals for less quantity than
. advertised for will be entertained.. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must be stated by bidders In their
proposals. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture ' the duty thereon), and such
-preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced, on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The. United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
. posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 9093," , and addressed to MA-
JOR C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
I of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
November 5, 1901, and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
, Yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of burrs,
brooms, brushes, cement, muslin, glass, locks,
nails, thermometers, leather, lumber, mahog-
any, boat knees, brass rod, sheet copper, bar
Iron, sheet- lead, steel, packing, shellac,.
' borax, vaseline, paints, red lead, zinc, pipe
and fitting's, valves, tools and files. Blank
'proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay Office, San
Francisco, CalJ A. S. KENNY. ' Paymaster
General. V. S. N. 10-8-01 -
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were iaaued
yesterday:
Isaac Hassen, 33, -4 Leonard place, and Mil-
lie Levy, 27, 112S Turk street. j
Charles E. Johnston, 22, 204 Ellis street, and
Ida J. McCarthy, 22, 24 Cedar avenue.
John Maukle. 31. Madera, and Minnie Hoff-
man, 25, city. • \u25a0 s^-
Theodore H. Pilster. 22, 2828 Folsom street,
and Llbble C. Muller, 20, 1108 Page street
Lucien A. Ganahl, 24, 808 Bush street, and
Josephine F. Hromada, 24, 1218 Masonlo ave.
John A. Glovanesai, 32, San Rafael, and Ra-
chel Z. Charple, 32, city.
Henry O. Beatty, 26, 2409 Ootavia street, and
Jessie A. Hooper, 25, corner Clay and Laguna.
Alexander J. Jamison, 23, 204 McAllister
street, and Ella L. Davidson. 24. HOB Hayes.
Jens P. Larsen. 27, 100 Tehama street, and
Anna M. Pawlas, 25, 68 Clementina street. .
Jose des Romelro, 29, 65 Jackson street, and
Maria Ramos, 19, 65 Jackson street.
Axel F. Johnson, 37, 108 Berry street, and
Clara Luster, 34, 611' Pine street.
. Georee J. Hoffman, 23, Toledo, Ohio, and
Mollie Robertson, 23, 2037 Powell street.
Carl Koeberer, 28, 1432 Broadway, and Frieda
Heuer, 28, 929 York street.
William H. Hollopeter, 28, 11 Rondel place,
and Mac A. Martin, 23, Sausallto. .
•Frank Dodlni, 21, 614 Pacific street, and An-
gelina Pelnl. 21, 514 Pacific street.
Frank BaDtiste Jr., 28, Sausallto, and Jen-
nett Alexander, 18, Sausallto.
William H. Stinson, 40, 8138 Washington
street, and Cora V. Meyerstein, 28, 2518 Octa-
via street. .
' James Bessone, 28, 420 Green street, and An-
netta Filippi, 20, city.
Daniel Tamke, 32, city, and Marie Hart-
mann, . 24, city; ' . ' .-
Sydney A. Cummlnsrs, 27, 448 McAllister
street, end Phoebe World, 18, 611 Jessie street.
Peter H. Buchholz, 25, 32 Hoff avenue, and
Clara M. Falls, 18, 32 Hoff avenue.
Christian Sandblken. 30, 39 Moss street, and
Elizabeth R. Strlnkuhler, 25, 110 Ninth street.
Joseph Crandall. . 45, 404 Third street, and
Katrarine de Laney, 40, 730 O'Farrell street.
Robert J. Beckwith, 42, 207 Powell street, anl
Evelylns M. Garbutt, 24, Seattle, Wash.
Walter B. Kohn, 22, Alameda, and Josephine
M. Jones, 18. 914 Central avenue.
Frank M. Bertwell, 25, 7G4 Folsom street, and
Elizabeth G. McCarthy, 20, 764 Folsom street.
Thomas Hurd, 43, Nome. Alaska, and May
M. Hlldreth. 40, 30 Mint avenue. ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marrlapre and "death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BALDWIN— In South San Francisco, October
7, . 1901, to the wife of George C. Baldwin, a
son.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. October 14, 1901.
to the wife- of- Robert S.' Cunnlnsrham, ' a
daughter. . ' . . ;
HELLMAN— In this city, October 15, 1901, to
the wife of I. W. Hellman Jr.. a son. -
MARRIED.
BECKMANN-ANDERSON-By the Rev. -Wil-
liam Marshall, Henry J. Beckmann of Hono-
lulu. H. T.. and Anna J. Anderson of San
Francisco. . . \u25a0 - - > "
TURPEN— POLLEXFEN— In this city, at the
home of the bride, 414 Castro street, October
16, 1901, by the Rev. William Rader. Wil-
liam S. Turpen of North Bend, Or., and E.
. Maude Pollexfen of San Francisco.
DIED.
Apitz, Frederick Holt,' Frank P.
Atkins, L. G. F. Lennon, Patrick
Baker. Lollta McElroy, Margaret
" Breslauer, Danlella \u25a0 Merritt, John D. I
Chateau, Charles A. Neallng, Timothy
Davis, Hortense Powers, Michael
Donovan, Joseph H. .Rankln. James
Dornbereer, Anna Robinson. Mary A.
Hagemann, Julius H. Tillson, Anson T.
Hilbourn, Meryle i Wood, Emma
APITZ— In the City and County. Hospital,
October 16, 1901, Frederick Apltz, a native
of Germany, aged 56 years.
ATKINS— In this city, October 16, 1901, I* G.
F. Atkins, beloved husband of Etta Atkins,
son of Robert C. and Nellie Atkins, and
brother of Robert S.. Newton H. and Ches-
ter H. Atkins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 year3 , 11 months and 18 days,
E^Frienda and .'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1348 Hyde street. . Interment I. O. . O.
F. s Cemetery. Interment private. Please
omit flowers. .. '
BAKER— In this city, October 15, 1901, Lollta,
beloved wife of Peter Baker, a native of
Denmark, aged 38 years. . -
BRESLAUER— In thiB city, October 16, 1901,
Daniella Breslauer, dearly beloved daughter
of Hulda and the late Daniel Breslauer. and
only sister of Samuel, David, Joseph, Na-
than and Martin Breslauer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 .years 7 months and 28
days.
CHATEAU— In this city, October 18, 190L
Charles August, beloved husband of Adolph-
ine Chateau, and father of Mrs. A. Selller, a
native of Sellruyere. Department Ducher,
France,' aged 65 years 3 months and 21 days.
C?"RemaIn8 at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eishth. . .
DAVIS— In this , city, October 16, 1901, Hor-
tense, dearly beloved daughter of Ralph and
Ray Davis, a native of San Francisco, aged
11 months and 20 days.
• |C7"Funeral to-day (Thursday), at 10:80
o'clock.- Strictly private. . -
DONOVAN— In this city, October 18, \u25a0 1901, Jo-
sephs Harold, beloved son of John J. and
Daisy K. Donovan, grandson of Timothy and
Margaret Donovan, also grandson of; Charles
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School, j
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
\u25a0 J. HENDERSON, Manager.
I Eugene "McGinn"" McGINN BROS.
Funeral Director* and- Embalmers,
81 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. ; San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.'
PONEBAti DIRECT0K3 AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. \u25a0
I JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly, with McGinn Bros., haa opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet,
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 678.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.*
1 Samuel r McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon,. late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171. Mission street/between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREMATION.
Tho Odd Fellows'. Cemetery Association
'.Point Lobos ave.; S.F., Cal.:
The ordinance prohibiting, burials in San
Francisco after the first day of August, 1 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither : does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is.
nothing I less harmful to tha living J than tha
ashes of their dead. - , ;
' Permits \u25a0\u25a0 to "• cremate " will be Issued by tha
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. • FLETCHER. Manager.
APVKRTISTTlVrKTrTS.
Vienna
v i vii iiu
F^$W r* h J n a
<piS|P^ v-* n i n d
WM, Coffee
%£/ Machine
Finest Coffee Pot imported.
[Made entirely of Pure China,
No metal to give metallic taste.
No cloth to give musty flavor.
No. 6 size, 2 cup capacity $1 .50
" 5 ." 4 •' " . 1.75
" 4 • '« 6 " ** 2.00
«« 3 *« 8 *' ** 2.50
a 2 << io tt et 3QQ
. •«, 1 ;«« 12 " \u25a0 " 3.50 '
•• o «« 16 *« " 4.OO
Serve afternoons our delicious Vienna
Coffee, made in Vienna Coffee Machine.
1143 Market St, bet. 7 & 8 Sts. TeL Mint 761
R. and the late Elizabeth Gay, a native of
San Francisco, aged I months and 9 days.
DORNBERGERr-In Mayfleld, CaL. October 15.
; 1801.- Anna . Dornbereer, wife of Lambert
Dornber&er, and mother of Eugene A., Gus-
tave L., Albert L., Victor, George and Ed-
ward L. Dornberger and Mrs. Julia Ross, a
native of Alsace, aged 63 years. - ' . .
HAGEMANN— In Livermore. October 18. 1901.
Julius H. Hagemann, beloved son of August
and Matlldla M. Hagemann, aged 3 years
and 7 months.
IE?" Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, .from residence.
HILBOURN— In Selma, Cal.. October 13. 1901,
Meryle Hilbourn, dearly beloved daughter of
T. O. 'and Lotta J. Hilbourn. a native of
Oakland, Cal., aged 4 years and 6 months.
HOLT— In Oakland. October 15. 1901. Frank P.
Holt, a native of New York, aj?ed 66 years.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
parlors of B. J. Wood & Co.. 1128 Twenty-
third avenue, corner Twelfth avenue. East
Oakland, to-day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
LENNON— In this city. October 13, 1301. Pat-
rick Lennon, a native of County Roscom-
mon, Ireland.
McELROY— In this city, October 15J 1901, Mar-
garet, beloved wif e of the late Hush Mc-
Elroy, mother of Robert J. and Ellen M. Mc-
Elroy. and sister of Mrsv Mary McElroy, a
native of Ireland.
MERRITT— In this city, October 16. 1901, John
D. Merritt, a native of Chesterfield, Va.,
aged 85 years 9 months and 22 days.
tCTTTlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Friday),
at , 2 o'clock, at the residence of his son,
George W. Merritt, M.D., 2323 Washington
street.
NEALING— In this city. October 16. 1901. Tim-
othy, beloved husband of Mary NealinK. a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
.80 years.
ECTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1913 Ellis street. Interment private, j
Holy Cross Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, October 14, 1901, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Delia Powers, and
father of Mamie,- Maggie and Irene Powers,
a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
41 years. A member of Golden West Lodga
No. 264, A. O. U. W. - "
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
' (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 702 Tennessee street, Potrero,
- thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a sol-
\u25a0 emn requiem high . mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EANKIN-In this city," October IS, 1901, James
Ran kin.
[E7Funeral at Martlnea to-day (Thurs-
day).
ROBINSON— In Oakland, at 884 Adeline street.
October 15, 1901, Mary Ann Robinson, wife of
W. J. Robinson of Sonoma. County. Cal., and
mother of Mrs. Mary E. Turner of Oakland
and James and Arthur Robinson of Sonoma
County, a native of Ireland, aged 51 years.
TILLSON— In this city. October 16, 1901, Anson
True, dearly beloved husband of Annie Till-
son, and father of Annie, Bertha, Elsie, May
and True Milton Tillson and Mrs. C. E. Hart
of New York, a native of Augusta Maine,
ag-ed 63 years 5 months and 8 days.
"WOOD— In San Mateo, October 13. 1901, Emma,
beloved wife of Thomas Wood, and mother
of Mrs. Henwod, Alice E., Mrs. Hobden and
Thomas and William Wood, a native of Bris-
tol. England, aged 54 years 4 months and 13
days.
BT. DOMINIC S Church Bwllding Association—
The monthly requiem £lgh mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building- Association, and for the parents
I and relatives of living members, will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church to-day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock.
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.n««ELUS 2353? 5056
REAL ESTATE — -CITY FOR SAXiS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $900 — Bargains in "S,unset" lots; all
graded; elegant view; $10 monthly. -
$100 to $300 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
$75. $100 to $250 — Unexcelled bargains; near
Mission- st. cars; $5 monthly.
$100 to $800— Cheapest and best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000. $1300 to $3000— Splendid cottages. Rich-
mond, Sunset and Mission; easy terms.
$5008 — Choice corner in Mission: great bar-
gain; 50x100, with new store and flat; rent^40.
Sunset branch offlce, Ninth ave., near H st.
. - • SOL GETZ & BRO..
54 Chronicle building.
FLATS or a dwelling wanted to purchase in
the Western Addition, not far out, or In the
Miesion. between Dolores and Shotwell, Rid-
ley and Twenty-second sts.; only a property
that Is In good condition and modern will
be considered, and that can be rented easily,
as the purchase Is for the income. . W. J.
GUNN, E30 California st. ' ...
tOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
it they are cheap for immediate buyers. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st. .
$50,0CO ..TO invest in income-bearing property;
must be a bargain. c
1 THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
\u25a0 702 Market st.
NEW modern 7-room house on Nineteenth ave.
boulevard; % block south of G. G. Park, $3500;
take Cliff House cars. R. H. WALKER, 144
Eureka St., builder.
$4300^ — A LOVELY chance for a home and busi-
ness; lot 25x100; building 2 stories, 25x70; sa-
loon and barber shop; all fixtures go; 6 living
rooms. DECK & CO., 927 Market st., r. 208.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Dubo.ce Park; easy
terms; -west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Stelncr.
' GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st.
$2730— HOUSE in Western Addition; 6 rooms
and bath; rented for $17 per month; good ln-
vestment. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
$3000— NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 60x150. Call
after 2 p. m.. 462 Douglass st.,' near 21st.
REAL. ESTATE COUSTRY For Sale
FOR SALE~NEAR SAKl^RANcisCO^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma, Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
10-ACRE bearing orchard and poultry ranch;
mile from Haywards; with new, modern 6-
room house, barns, stock and farming im-
plements. Box 1231. Call offlce.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. \u25a0 See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy. sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. S. F.. office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free Hst C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in -wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA^REAL ESTATE.
RARE CHANCE to secure fine building lots.
EO choice lota will be ' placed on the market
Monday, October 14; only two blocks from
the station and one block from the electric
' car line; these lots must be sold before the
1st of November; prices ranging from $100 to
$300 per lot. ,
Large line of fine houses for sale. J1000 to
$10,000. E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park St.
$400— LOT 33x100; Chestnut St.; all street work
done; part cash or will build on this lot to
suit. J. H. TODXG, builder, 1243 Park Et.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M cash. Bank of Ala;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEV REAL ESTATE.
-3-ROOM house on large lot, near station;
fruit trees, windmill and tank; only $900;
easy terms. \u25a0 * •
We are Just finishing a new up-to-date j
cottage of 5 rooms and bath on a good lot,
near station; price $1000; $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
HOME REALTY CO.,
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS'
FRUITVALE FURNISHEp HOUSES.^
ON. Frultvale ave.. bet. Hopkins st. and Chi-
cago ave., furnished house of six rooms and
bath; large yard, with fruit, shrubs and flow-
ers. Apply on premises.
~ FRUITVALE HOUSES.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, partly furnished, to rent
cheap for winter. Ad. 3540 Nineteenth, S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BkuADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2500^BANK^^"sALB^$25Oo!
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc., with folding doors and sanitary plumb-
ing; lot 30x100 feet, above the street grade,
with nice open lawn and stone walks and all
street Improvements; Insured for $2000 and
all In fine condition; electrlo cars" in front and
only a few blocks from Adellne-st, station;
location very desirable; handy to schools and
churches; liberal discount for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$800— PLAIN but cozy cottage of five rooms in
good condition; sunny side; close to San Pablo
ave. electric cars; street work all done; in-
sured for $800; policy paid for three years in
advance' goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $S to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
\ GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A— SPECIAL list; investigation solicited.
$22,500 — Magnflcent home sacrificed; 1 year old.
$13,500— Lakeside residence; formerly $20,000.
$6000—15 acres fronting electric road; snap.
$16,600— Mtg. $8600; sacrifice; Haywards ranch.
$5000 — Rents $50 mo.; choice modern flats.
$6850— Choicest home in Piedmont for price. •
$2500— Mtg. $2000; new 6 rooms; corner 65 ft
$2350— Bank sale; $250 cash; Adeline station. ;
$2600 — Neat 7 r. cottage; 21st and Telegraph.
$1000 — Magnificent lot, 60x150; formerly $2500.
$1250— Mtg. $900; cory 5 r. home; E* O. etatlon.
$800— Cost $2000; West Berkeley; corner store.
$1000— Cottage 6 rooms; Market sta,; rent $11
LAYMAN CE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth st, Oakland.
$260 CASH, $6 monthly; lot 43 40-100x403 feet;
grand chicken run; 3-room cottage: chicken-
house, eheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
water: large row of shade trees; near electrlo
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-8tory
public grammar school; soil, climate and
view the very best; no fogs nor cold winds
here; price, all told, $675; call or send for
circular. 455 7th st, opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
.owner. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS. FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743— Large alcove; , also connecting
room; gas stove; running water; phone. . ; '
FIFTH, 253 — Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Front alcove, with
privileges of kitchen. -' , -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847— Desirable furnished
suite housekeeping; "references required. :.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas. bath, elngle or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 72S— Two housekeeping rooma and
: front ' single room. .
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting completely
furnished rooms; running water; $10; others.
HYDE, 129—3 large sunny rooms completely
furnished for housekeeping; parlor* floor.:
HYDE, 408— Sunny front parlor suite; also al-
cove suite; 3 rooma; housekeeping; $25.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Large sunny
front and back parlors; gas stove; housekpg.
PAGE, 1138— 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; closets; pantry; yard.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TAYLOR, 106—3 nice housekeeping rooms and
yard. . , •
TO let— 3 large furnished rooms; also Blngle
; - rooms and housekeeping rooms. 257 Steven-
son st, bet Third and Fourth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
TWO large sunny rooms, newly furnished, new
piano, mantels, . grates, ' bay window, phone
and bath;. $20 month; .light housekeeping or
as desired. 3439 Nineteenth St., cor. San Car-
los ave.. near -Valencia st. . . \u25a0 . \u25a0 ; •
TWO nice sunny rooms for light housekeeping;
north of Market; rent $12. Box 1224. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisemerfts and^subscrlptiona
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 . Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. :
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill atached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAHlster-st. cars. ",
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooma,
25c to $1 per night; II 25 to 55 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms; newly
renovated;. 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. ". -•'
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
• clean <and cheap; bath; teL 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHANGED hands, 309 Sutter at.— Rooms, light
housekeeping, also single rooms, $1 50 wk. up.
CLAUGHTON, THE. 1111 Sutter St.—
Bright, clean rooms for. quiet gentlemen, $1 75
per week; handsome front suite, .- moderate. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 303 corner Jones — Front single room,
with closet, $6 per month. . \u25a0 . -
ELLIS. 327—2 large connecting furnished rooms
' reasonable. • \ - • \u25a0 '
ELLIS, 922 — Nicely furnished room with prl-
vate bath attached; rent $25. /
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof;
new furniture; electric- elevator, 25 private
suites with bath; baths free;, first-class.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
at., near Fourth. - •;
GEARY, 403, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ET. DENIS (European plan), 24 Tufk
Et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by th«
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk at.
GOLDEN GATE ave-., 620— Two connecting
rooms; large closets; grate; gas and bath;
nicely furnished. , \u25a0 '
HOWARD, 1063, "The Harvey*; — Single and
• double rooms; electric lights, etc. ; Jl 50 up.
HYDE, 133— Sunny, airy rooms; quiet house; en
suite if desired; $8 to $12.
HYDE, 810— One single and suite of furnished
rooms. \u25a0• \u25a0
JONES, 923— Elegant eunny rooms; -"also beau-,
tiful corner suite; elngle rooms.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished; gas and grate; suitable for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen; J7.
LOCUST ave., 125, near Van Ness and Mc-
Allister— Neatly, furnished room for 1 or 2,
$1 25 per week.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, 110 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window rodm; $l.per week; transient.
NICELY furnished room with private bath
attached; rent $25. Apply 922, Ellis st
NEW ARLINGTON, 1016 Market Bt.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 654— Neatly furnished sunny suite
and single room; gentlemen only.
RAUSCH. 19, near Howard — $10 a month, four
sunny rooms, unfurnished.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. S5c to $1 50; week, $2 to
|S; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with '--'and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STANYAN, 1202 — To let, 2 unfurnished Bunny
front rooms and kitchen. Box 1125 Call.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny front,
room; closet; . stove.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS _ AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
1 suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St., near Leavenworth. . \u25a0 :
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness" ave.
ROOM and board for two. young men in pri-
vate family; modern house; nice location;
convenient cars-; reasonable. Box 1136, Call.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1S20 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Coll. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
\u25a0 United States or Canada one year for $1,
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
.WANTED— Room and breakfast; location pre-
. f erred near Pierce st. and Pacific ave.; an-
swer, stating terms. Box 1184. Call offlce.
ROOMS WASTED.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
' E52. Call. \u25a0.,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
iHjN^E^S^^UPTURE^S ANIT ARIUM, 120S
Market ; treatment free : $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$25 REWARD for Information leading to arrest
of person maliciously taking and driving off
delivery wagon of P. WESTERFELD & CO.,
1035 Market St., about 3 a. m., Tuesday,
October 15. . \u25a0
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 614 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call"
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS 1 IN^YP^W^GtTERS^We'
6ell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Eansome.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas, Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 4S. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel., Main 6713. |
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840*Mls-
" slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 1 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main' 1810; shipping at cut rates. ;
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend - HoT'tY (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutckln-
son Sugar Plantation Co., will be payable at
the offlce of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Monday, October 21, 1901. Transfer
books- close Monday, October 14, 1901. at -3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of . EDWARD
HARMON SHELDON, deceased. Notice Is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER
D. K. GIBSON; administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of EDWARD HARMON
SHELDON, deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons I having claims against the
,; said deceased, to exhibit them with the
necessary .vouchers, within -ten v (10) months
after the first publication of this notice, to
the said administrator, at \u25a0 the " office • of
I Morrison & Cope, room 123 Crocker -building,
I at the northwest corner of Market and Mont-
gomery streets, • Ban Francisco, California,
the same being his place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate in the
city and' county of San Francisco, State of
California. \u25a0
WALTER* D. K. GIBSON, administrator
with the will annexed of the estate of ED-
• WARD HARMON SHELDON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, October 16, 1901.Edwin L. Beck and Julie Beck are suing
their' next-door neighbors, John F.' Wrage
and Amelie Wrage for ' ?5000 for defama
tion of character. The Becks allege -in
their complaint that Mrs. .Wrage has been
saying all sorts of naughty things about
them, and that their good characters have
been ruined by the tongue of Mrs. .Wrage
The Becks Sue the "Wrages.
John Mazzaraky, alias Doyle, appeared
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday on
charges of disturbing the peace and ex
hibiting: a deadly weapon. He went into
a meeting; of the Helping Hand Mission,
at 641 Commercial street, Tuesday night
end, drawing, a revolver, raised a dis
turbance that' alarmed the neighborhood.
It was -explained to .the Judge that the
mission people had been kind to the de
fendant and had procured - him a job.
The Judge found him guilty and sen
tenced him to b!x months In Jail.*
Ungrateful Mazzarsky Goes to Jail.
A. C. Barrett, indicted for smuggling
two pieces of silk, and Charles Hagerup,
informed against for having landed three
passengers without permission of the
Federal Quarantine Officer, pleaded guilty
yesterday in the: United States District
Court and were ordered to : appear this
morning for sentence. '
Barrett and Hagerup Guilty.
Physicians would not recommend Jesse Moore
Whiskey if. they did not know it to be the best
m the f market. • • \u25a0
Property-owners have offered to the city
certain property as a right of way for. the
proposed Potrero-avenue sewer, from
Potrero avenue to Army street, for the
sum of $4200. The route is on land belong
ing to Samuel Bloom & Sons and R
R. Hinds. The Board of Works has rec
ommended the Supervisors to accept the
offer. . . v .\u25a0
Potrerp Avenue Sewer.
Mrs. Lizzie Dwyer, 36 Stockton street,
swore to a complaint in -Judge Fritz's
court yesterday charging Charles C. Lee,
former proprietor of the house, with rob
bing her of her purse containing $145 in
coin and diamonds valued at $900 Monday
n i sht^ He was booked on the charge.
Mrs. Dwyer has not yet recovered her
property and believes that Lee stole her
purse while quarreling with her.
I*se Accused of Robbery.
Husband Sued for Wife's Expenses.
Joseph L. Enos is suing James Stewart
for $1350, which he alleges is due him for
services rendered Mrs. Stewart during the
illness which caused her. death. Enos
alleges in his complaint that he boarded
lodged and nursed Mrs. Stewart for ten
months during her Illness and further
alleges that he expended $350 as burial ex
penses. He alleges that Stewart has not
paid or. offered to pay him any part of the
sum. - . - . \u25a0
Robert N. Carson, M. E. high priest; John
Bennett, E. king; G. Knight White, E. scribe-
William J. Smith, treasurer; Franklin H.Day
P. G. H. P., secretary; M. Joseph Savage, cap
tain of the host : Henry • Ascrof t, P. H. p
principal sojoumer; Roland j£. Hartley, royal
arch captain: Raymond H. Willcox, . master
third vail; George W. Bauer, master second
vail; Alonzo B. Wood, master first vail; Sam
uel D. Mayer, organist; George W. Perkins
guard. . .
John Bennett was the floor manager,
and the function was under the direction
of the following officers of the chapter:
One of the most delightful functions
given by a Masonic body was the grand
soiree dansante tendered 'last evening' in
Golden Gate Hall by, California Chapter
of the Royal Arch Masons to the wives,
relatives and lady friends of the members.
The large vestibule leading from the
main entrance to the dance hall had been
transformed into a bower of dark green
foliage, in the midst of 'which were hun
dreds of incandescent lights in gold-hued
bulbs, producing an effect that waa. at
once novel, striking and dazzling. The
hall was artistically decorated. \ '
Over the platform, on which was the
orchestra concealed, by flowering- plants
and palms, was the name of the chapter
In letters of light, while in the center
shone the symbolic : keystone, with its
mysterious letters and figures. There
were nearly three hundred couples on the
floor at one time, while the > gallery was
crowded with onlookers. The ladies were
resplendent in brilliant * .silks and
diamonds. The eentlemen wore fash
ionable evening attire. The grand
march was a grand sight, and at its
close came the enchanting strains of the
"On Duty" waltz. This was followed by
a programme of fourteen other up-to-date
dances. Between numbers there were
vocal selections by William H. McDon
ald, late of the Bostonians, and. glees by
*he California quartet, composed of
Messrs. Wendell, Smith, McBain and Bat
kin. . ...
\u25a0 The high priests and scribes of a num
ber of the other Royal Arch chapters of
this city and of those of Alameda County
were, present.
Grand .Function of the
Royal Arch in Golden
Gate- Hall.
Emma L-.. Merritt and W. R. H. Ander
son, executors «of the estate of Adolph
Sutro, filed a suit against Robert F. Mor
row yesterday for a balance of $2933 47
which they allege is due on the purchase
price of 21,300 shares of the capital stock
of the Sutro . Railroad -Company The
executors have also filed a. suit against
the Sutro Railroad Company for $799 the
value of four electric motors, which they
allege the company appropriated at the
time it bought the railroad.
Sutro Exeoutors Tile Suits.
v The Teamsters' and the Porters' and
Packers' Unions met on the ' Recreation
Grounds diamond yesterday afternoon in
a baseball contest for honors. , After nine
innings of close, work the Porters and
Packers won by a score of S to 7 The
battery for the Porters and Packers was
Reid and Kennedy: for the Teamsters,
Edwards and Mullin. The game was close
throughout. In the fifth Inning the Team
sters led by a score of 5 to 4. In the
seventh the. Porters made three runs
only to be tied by the Teamsters in the
eighth. The game was won in the ninth
Porters and Packers Win.
The case. of Alvin Smith, union-engi
neer, charged with assault to murder,
was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yester
day. Smith was accused of striking Fred
Muffelman, engineer for Healy, Tibbitts
& Co., on the head with a piece of iron
pipe almost killing him. Muffelman was
within a few yards of his home at 1310
Oreen street, en the evening of Septem
ber 7, accompanied by J. Ottosen. a* boy,
when he was attacked by four men. He
and Ottosen swore that Smith was one of
the men, but Smith had seven witnesses
who testified that- he could not have
taken part in the assault and the Judge
gave him the benefit of the doubt.
Smith. Proves an Alibi.
unanimously elected president of the club
and he will to-day select the committees
that will manage the campaign. A. if.
Glannim was elected first vice president,
W WiGuire second vice president and
Howaid Vernon secretary of the organi
zavion. President Humphreys will to-day
Select nve c!d*«iS to serve as an execu
tive committee. This committee will have
<-harge of the finances, headquarters and
general management of the fight. Another
committee, thirteen strong and composed
o- one representative from each Assembly
district, will take charge of the held
work In addition to the work mapped
out for these committees every one pres
ent at the meeting pledged his individual
efforts toward securing Judge Fritz s
r€ LeUers n were read from a number of
citizens; regretting .their inability to at
tend the' meeting, but assuring .the candi
date and his friends of their devotion to
the cause of Fritz. The meeting ad
journed to meet next, Monday evening at
some place to be selected by the execu
tive committee, and meanwhile an active
campaign on the Judge's behalf will be
inaugurated. .
The friends of Police Judge Alfred J.
Fritz met last night in the. Judge's court
room at the Hall of Justice and organized
themselves into a "Fritz" Club for the
purpose of securing his re-election. The
courtroom was crowded and the meeting
enthusiastic. Every political party 'was
represented and Republican vied with
Democrat In extolling the fitness of Fritz
for another term and suggesting means
for coin'ng his popularity Into votes on
election day. William Humphreys was
Alfred J. Fritz dub.
Non-Partisans in Trouble.
A sea of trouble overwhelms the Non-
Partisan Municipal League. Everything
at B'nal B'rlth Hall is" declared off. The
following is explanatory in a slight de
gree;
To the Officers 'and Delegates to the Non-
Partisan Convention— Greeting: In accordance
with a resolution adopted by the executive com
mittee of the Municipal Non-Partlsan League
or Non-Partisan Party, the Non-Partlsan con
vention will be held at Lodge Hall, 1605 Polk
street corner of Sacramento, on Friday, Octo
ber the JSth at 8' p. m., no convention being
held at B. B. Hall on Thursday, for reasons
best known to the committee. • . '•
By order of the executive committee. .
NATHAN BIBO. President.
EMANUEL A. LORENZO, Secretary.
Whereas, "We, tho executive committee of the
Municipal -Non- Partisan League or Non-Partl
san Party. In meeting assembled, deem it for
the best interests of the league and party to
expel certain members from Its ranks; be it
Resolved, That Messrs. C. G. Nagle and M.
A. Smith are hereby expelled as officers and
members of the Municipal Xon-Partisan League
and Non-Partlsan Party, this expulsion to go
into immediate effect, and the secretary Is in
structed to expunge their names. from the roll.
Resolved. That the convention called for
Thursday, October 17, at B. B. Hall be and
Father Sues Sons for Maintenance.
Guiseppi Molinari, 68 years of age, who
came here a short time ago from Italy,
filed a suit for maintenance against his
three' adult sons yesterday. The old man
alleged that his children asked him and
Ms wife to make their home with them
and then refused to contribute toward
their support.
Actor Downing Sued.
Robert L. Downing, manager of the
Central Theater, is being sued by R. G.
Hudson for $912 56, which Hudson alleges
is due on forty-four promissory notes ex
ecuted by the actor in Washington. The
notes, he alleges, are for amounts rang
ing from $10 to $34,and are all dated Sep
tember 1, 1900.
MASONIC HOSTS
GREET FRIENDS
I herewith present niy report on the petition
presented for filing by . Dr. C. C. O'Donnell
and purporting to have a sufficient number of
electors to entitle him to a designation under
the heading of "Independent Nominations" as
a candidate lor the office of Mayor. I find the
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday denied the petition of Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell to be accorded a place on the
municipal ballot in his proposed candi
dacy for Mayor. Registrar Walsh filed
tl.e following report, in which the rea
sons for O'Donnell's disqualification are
aligned:
Election Commissioners Reject the
Petition of Dr. C ,C. O'Donnell.
DENIED FLACE ON BALLOT.
Is hereby postponed until- Friday, October IS,
the same to be held at Lodge Hall. 1605 Polk
street, corner of Sacramento, at 8 p. m.
•Resolved. That the press be requested to
give this action of the committee due pub
licity. .
Thomas Newcomb, who was associated
with The Call and other San Francisco
papers twenty-five, years ago, writes from
Albany, N. Y., to explain to friends that
the Thomas Newcomb who died October
9 at 750 St. Marks avenue, Brooklyn, was
another man, although also a former
resident of California.
Thomas Newcomb Still lives.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The body of the
Duke of Alva, who died nere yesterday,
will be sent to Spain for burial and will
probably be carried on one of the liners
sailing on Saturday. Cable orders to that
end were received to-day from the wid
owed Duchess. She and her children, in
cluding the new Duke of Alva, will re
ceive the body in England and accompany
it to Spain.
Alva to Be Buried in Spain.
He replied that he supposed I would at least . endorse
what he had heard, and that I would offer r.o objection to its
publication. I warned him again, but he went of f, with- the
remark that it was "too good a story to keep, out. " •
The above are the facts. In addition. I wish ' : to state I
do not know that Mr : De Young has ever had as much as a. per
sonal conference with the members of the Committee, and I
know that he never requested places for an/ of his friends
or relatives.. I make this 'denial hot only in justice to Mr.
De Young, but in justice to myself . The entire article printed
in this morning's Examiner was a contemptible falsehood,
possibly founded upon rumor, but certainly not found-d upon
anything I have ever said to any one.
By giving this denial space in your paper, I shall be
very greatly obliged.
Yours sincerely,
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: I was both, humiliated and as
tonished at the wantonly exaggerative statement imputed to me
in this morning's Examiner concerning Mr. De Young and the local
political situation. .
From "A to Z" the alleged interview is 'a malicious dis
tortion. I never stated that Mr. De Young wished to have his
relatives placed in comfortable positions in the City - Hall ,
and that because forsooth his wishes Were not acceded to he
was disappointed and at daggers' points with the managers of
the campaign. Nor did I to any one, much less a represen
tative of the Examiner, say that Mr. De , Young controlled or
exercised any measure of influence with the editor of The Call .
It is true that a young man called at my rooms on Tuesday
evening with a printed proof of an alleged interview with me,
but*it is not true that I either gave my consent to its pub
lication or expressed satisfaction with its correctness.. On
the contrary, I informed the yourig man that the whole * 'yarn' '
must have emanated from the imaginative minds employed on the
Examiner and that I would not under any circumstances author
ize its publication. He answered that his City Editor was
bent upon publishing it, and that he would not be able -to
prevent it from appearing., "Then," said I, "if it appears
in your columns, -I shall promptly and severely deny every
syllable imputed to me:" I then asked him where he had ob
tained his information, and he said that it was "common rumor. "
"Then," said I, "do you propose ventilating common
rumor and fixing the responsibility upon me?"
San Francisco, Oct. 16, 1901.
UGLY tales are told In the camp
' of the bosses and boodlers to the
. effect that some expert manipu
lator has swiped or misapplied
$10,000 belonging to a campaign
fund of $30,000. Of the aggregate sum of
$30,000 contributed by sympathetic ; cor
porations to swing the primary election
for the boss ticket the sum of $20,000 ia
accounted for In a rough estimate of dis
bursements. Old stagers in the boss ranks,
assert that no such large sum as $30,000
was raised to down the Primary League,
but experts who observed the contest con
tend tha.t a very large sum was disbursed
on the day of election. In the Twenty
eighth, \u25a0 Thirty-ninth and Forty-fourth
districts coin was lavishly circulated.
The ctory goes that a manipulator who
has gained .\u25a0 some notoriety for skill in
rounding up Supervisors to .fix the, right
kind of water rates and who displays
some dexterity In handling the railroad
commission aiid State Board of Equaliza
tion went to the corporations tha-t furnish
Illumination, power and transportation
and suggested that a fund be raised to
procure immunity from unfriendly legis
lation In the Board of Supervisors. It
was represented that no other contribu
tion would be required for two years. It
is believed that the money was raised on
the assurance that the political collector
•would not come again after the Super
visors were elected.
Money Used at the Primary.
Diligent inquiry discloses tbe fact that
$500 was allotted to each Assembly dis
trict manager and $2500 to the County
Committee. Details of. the disbursement
in this respect are not clear, but it is
supposed that the County Committee got
its share of the boodle from a lump sum
of $13,000 assigned to John Lynch and
Jere Burke. The sum of $3000 represented
in the allotment of $500 to each Assembly
district was distributed by various per
sons.
Sana Rainey received a hint that Crim
mins got an envelope containing $5000.
The Call's information, derived from a
source supposed to be authentic, is to the
effect that the Crimmins envelope con
tained $7000. The story is that Martin
Kelly asked Crimmins what the envelope
contained and the latter replied $5000.
Crimmins suggested that he .would keep
5500 give $500 to Kelly and assign the re
mainder—$4000—to the Assembly districts.
Gossip goes in the camp that Crimmins
held out from Kelly $2000 of the amount
allotted to the pair. The inference is
etrong that Lynch and Burke took care
of some of the district fishts.
Ten Thousand Dollars Missing. \u25a0
It 5s reasora'ble to infer that Crimmins
and Kelly, used $1000 in the districts. It
seems probable that the $&>&0 given to the
County Committee was cart of the allow
ance to Lynch and Burke.
The mystery of the transaction is what
became of the remaining $10,000. It m:iy
turn out that the* County Committee got
its $2503 direct from the chief disburser,
but admitting that to be the truth tiv;
sum of $7500 is still unaccounted for.
The allotment, according to gossip of
the insiders, was $7000 to Kelly and Crim
mins and J13.C00 to Lynch and Burke,
leaving $10,000 unaccounted for. The ward
gruys may have $10,000 in reserve to cov.t
contingencies. Once in a while men who
are bought conduct themselves in such
manner toward the buyers as to merit
l he reproach of dishonesty. Tom Scott,
HunlingtoiVs famous adversary in the
lobby at Washington, deiined the truly
honest man "as the fellow who stays
bought." The chief local manipulator of
corrupt local political deals may be hold
ing back $10,005 to meet emergencies of
dishonesty.
It is common talk that candidates other
than those on the Supervisorial ticket
may require assistance. For example,
ex- Assembly man A. G. Fisk, the Exam
iner's candidate for District Attorney,
may need help. The Examiner, compre
hending that its open advocacy of his
cause would bring to him nothing but
disaster, has little to say in his favor.
Vacancies on Ticket Filled.
It took the "old" Republican County
Committee but a very few moments last
night to fill thc vacancies caused by the
withdrawal cf A. F. Roberts and Adam
Andrews a? candidates for Supervisor.
Augustus Tiiden called the committee to
order aiid -explained the" objects of the
meeting- Alpheus Duffy named Joseph
S. Xyland.. who he said represented the ,
laboring element of" the Thirty-sixth As-
Bembly District, with its 5000 Republican
voters. The nomination of Nyland was
seconded by Pat Prenderjrast. *
Thomas D.Riordan supplemented ihe
motion with an amendment that 'Nyland's
name be substituted for that of A. F.
Roberts, and then proceeded to name
Pred J. McWllliamp to fill the vacancy
caused by the withdrawal of Adam An
drew. ' Several coir.mitteemen seconded
the nomination, and the secretary cast
tfie ballot for both candidates in accord
ance with the provisions of the law.
The certificates of the requisite com
mittees were tiled later with the Repria
trar of Voters, thus completing the tickot.
Joseph S. Nyland is a cooper by trade,
end is foreman of the cooperage firn; of
Herbert' & Vogel. He resides at 21 Pros
per street. , • .. . :•., .. .
Frederick J. McTVIUiams is -the presi
dent of the Siebe Shoe Company and re
eides at 2119 Pacific avenue. He is con
nected with one of the branches of the
Siebe family, and is said by his friends
to be a young man of sterling worth.
John F. "Wilson, alias M. H. Allen, alias
Beringer.alias Stanton, appeared yesterday
'before United States Court Commissioner
Heacock for examination on the charge
of having used the mails for the purpose
of defrauding. Before the examination
dad got well under way counsel for the
r £ n ii nt a ?reed to make no opposition
to J^ilson bein=r taken to Omaha for trial
in the State Court, on the indictment for
iorgery. The prosecution thereupon with-'
drew the charge of using the mails un
lawfully and the prisoner started on his
eastward journey last night in custody of
Thomas * . McAnary, a detective of Kan
sas City.
Wilson. Taken Back for Trial.
Franklin K. Lane was the last speaker.
After expressing his . view-on the Repub
lican ticket, which were*not compliment
ary, and giving a recital of his experience*
in offices, he entertained the audience
with a number of interesting stories.
There is a plan on foot to steal the Geary
street franchise from the city. The Republican
candidates have pledged themselves, I believe,
to place it back in the hands of the people
who now have it. What we want to do is tr.
take the road, .turn it into an underground
electrical system and operate it for the bene
fit of the city.
The entire Republican ticket, particular
ly the Supervisorial portion, received the
general condemnation of all speakers.
They spoke of it as . being base born,
hatched in dishonesty and "spewed out
by a corrupt corporation." Dwyer an
nounced that the party favored the
municipal ownership and operation of the
Geary-street road and Joseph Tobin, who
followed, voiced his sentiments.
The nominee for Mayor declared himself
in favor of honesty in government and
praised the work of the present admin
istration. He was frequently interrupted
with applause. He said in part:
Municipal government' must be clean and
must be kept clean. I am no demagogic and
anti-corporation howler. it Is the plain old
issue of good citizenship against bad citizen
ship. "Why, then, have the corporations injected
themselves into this campaign. I say now the
men who love their city and have their money
invested consider these things. If you want
fair and Just treatment you can get it and
it won't cost you a cent.
We. have now reached a crisis in the politi
cal history of San Francisco. Materially we
are well off, but politically this is the hour
or trial. Are we goins to turn over the City
Hall to the old gang? Do you want to go to
the City Hall behind a stable or in the rear
of - a saloon ? •
Want to Take thc Geary-Street Road.
Favor STunicir>al Ownership.
I say tnat the Labor party does not officially
represent the unions of. San Francisco. Every
one . will agree that It is more the . work of
Individuals than that of organized labor. Many
of your leaders have said onenly that tht
election of a ticket of unions, only is the
quickest way to disrupt the unions. No ticket
that represents but one class is fit to be
elected. .
J. J. Dwyer acted as th© chairman of
the .'meeting. In referring to the Union
Labor party he, said: I
Joseph S. Tobin, and his asso
ciates upon the ticket. All factions of the
Democratic party were represented on the
platform, and as' the younger and older
workers in the party ranks were recog
nized they were greete/i with cheecs.
"While Mr. Tobin was the principal speak
er, a number of other candidates ad
dressed the meetinc
District*Attorney Bylngton, Supervisors
H. U. Brandenstein, A. Comte Jr. and
City Attorney Franklin K. Lane spoke
upon the paramount issues of the munic
ipal campaign.
: : _^.
D— EM0CRATS crowded every, part
of Metropolitan Temple last night
to give 'the first formal .-. -welcome
to • their candidate for Mayor,
ASA R. WELLS MAKES A STATEMENT.
Corporations Reported to Haye Contributed Thirty Thousand Dollars.
Democrats Hold Tlass fleeting to Ratify Their Ticket.
SUSPICION IS RIFE THAT SOME OF CAMPAIGN
BOODLE HAS BEEN MISAPPROPRIATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17,{ 1901.
Adam Andrew, nominated for Super
visor by the Republican Municipal Con
vention, withdrew his name yesterday in a
petition filed with the Election Commis
sioners.' •\u25a0 ,
Adam. Andrew Withdraws.
Furthermore, I find that C. C. O'Donnell has
sworn to seven papers and Herman Stein to
two, which is contrary to section 11S8, which
entitles them to but one signature on any
petition. For these reasons I recommend that
the petition be returned and the petitioner be
denied a place on the ballot aria that the Reg
istrar oe directed to notify in writing said
petitioner. ,\
Section 11SS Political Code requires 3 per
cent of the total vote cast at , the last pre
ceding election to entitle an independent candi
date to a place on the ballot. This petition
c-jntaln3 the signatures of only 12S2 genuine
electors, which is 673 less than the requisite
amount, to wit: 1955.
total number of names on petition • to be
3170. Of this number I find that the total
unmber of electors is 12S2; number not regis
tered. 1722; unable to locate. 166.
14
You remember our last big sale of
Women's
.Flannel Gowns
and Skirts,
You also remember you came late
in the day, and the best things were
all sold out. "We told you then not to
get rliscourajp-ed, that we had a big
lot of similar poods in the workrooms
of our factory.
We received these goods yesterday and
.-» - place same" on sale -
TO-D;Y AT THE FOLLOWJM& RE-
MARKABLE PRICES :.-'
30 ronio for 50c Women's Flannel
Oif CUnib Nightgowns.
AR nonie for- 75c Women's Flannel
to oenis Nightgowns.
7?0 rente f °r 90c "Women's Flannel
OiJ CeniS N ig h tg 0W ns.
7^1 ronta f °r 51-0° "Women's Flannel
to cents Nightgowns.
Q--7 rttnto for $1.23 Women's Flannel
ifO CenTS Nightgowns. S I
Of 1Q for $1.50 Women's Flannel
yi.fi/ Nightgowns.
4-? rpn/c for 65c Children's Flannel
1-sJ LeniS Nightgowns; sizes, 2 to 14
years. L--V '. . ~
7?fi ronto f( >r $1-00 Children's Flannel
UO ivniS Nightgowns; sizes, 2 to 14
years.
The Nightgowns, both in Women's and
| Children's that are on sale, are made
of best Flannelette," in pink and blue
.stripes, and solid colors of pink, blue
and white; are trimmed with braids,
linen laces and insertions. Sizes of
Women's Gowns, 32 to 46.
0% rente for 50c .Women's Flannel
£O CeniS ...underskirts.
&% rpntc for 65c Women's Flannel
to GCf/to. underskirts, made of solid
pink, blue or white Cinderella Flannel.
•TO rente f or 85c -'Women's s Flannel
OCf CeniS underskirts, trimmed with
wide torchon lace.; . • j
OS rpnit * or $1.50* Women's Flannel
|7O > C " 14 Underskirts, trimmed with
two rows of torchon i nsertion, and
ruffle trimmed with wide torchon lace.
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
12124214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
- - \u25a0> Hl^^^^^ «*^M^^^t
SPECIAL SALE
. TBUBSD1Y— FRIDAY— SATUHDAY.
TVHERE TOUR MONET -^11,1, BUT
MOST AND BEST IN THE LINE OF
GROCERIES IS NO LONGER A DIS-
THA^I^TGa- WE ' VE SETTLED
FRENCH SARDINES,TtIns......... 25c
Small tins, small fish.
In pure olive oil. i'. 1^-*
Regularly 10c a tin. ' ' :
COFFEE, Ib ...25c
This Is our celebrated • -' ;
UNEEDA BISCUIT \ National
UNIEDA MILK BISCUIT \ ( Biscuit
KENNEDY'S OYSTERETTESf Company
! Regularly 10c PK »"vOC
FRENCH VERMOUTH, bot ..50c
Noilly. Pratt & Co.
Regularly 60c
BABY PIM-OLAS, 3 bots 50c
Olives stuffed with sweet red . pepowm.
Regularly 20c a bottle. .
RED SALMON, Mb can (Oc
' Choice Alaska red salmon.
Regularly 15c.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY
Full quart bottle $ I.OO
An old-established Cation A OO
Brand of superior quality lWO
Regularly $1.25 and |5.0O.
CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL, qt. bot 70c
"Santa Barbara Brand." Pint dfl/>
Warranted absolutely pure. uc
Regularly Soc and 5Cc
SWEET WINES, bot.. 25c
25S/2S?- Se and a Cn oi?e a " 0n $l -°°
Regularly 40c andj^w. *
MAIL, ORDERS SOLICITED CATAIOGTJE
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN C522.
THE HARVESTER RANGE
is unequaled for durability, use or
; beauty. We have a fine line; all
sizes; prices low.
We furnish your house complete;
everything and at the lowest fieures.
Sold out all our Roxbury Carpet.
Now \ we carry better lines and at
prices that cannot be met. As we
own our building, we have no rent
to pay, so we give you the benefit of
this great saving. We are close to
the new Postoffice. just off Sixth,
one block from Market, on one of
the city's great thoroughfares.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
<Incorporate*a).
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET
Above Sixth. San Francisco.
"We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
PILES o?£*»S«s
SO prominent business men sent aa reference
E0O cures Ic S. F. For - particulars fcddreai
PHYSICIAN, box 1950. Call orflce.^ *«««•
THE WEEKLY CALL
SI per Yoar.
Sale's. >|?. Sale's. _\u25a0>-
Market Street, 2P jaJEbftansaL Market Street, I
OpposUeGofden jXTMiJ^F'-^^^P On^te Golden
Gate Avenue. -^^^ypOO COODSl^ t Cate Avenue. -^
Figured Dresser Scarfs 49c
They're set off with very pretty colored patterns on white grounds, fin-
ished with a three-inch Torchon lace edge, 20 inches wide, 50 inches long.
MOMIE TRAY CLOTHS AND SPLASHERS 15c— Thc tray cloths have
much open work. They're stamped in many new and pretty patterns—
• ' fringed; all marked 15c each. *
We can't leave the art department without calling
Your attention to the Yarn Stock.
It's as complete as it can be and the yarn is as good as we can find.
—The best German knitting yarn, 25c a hank— Sl.OO a pound. W - :
—Best Saxony yarn. 12-^c a skein-$1.50 a pound. • , >.£»/;
—Best Shetland floss yarn. 10c a skein— $ 1.20 a pound. .
—Best Spanish yarn, 15c • a^ skein— S1.2O a pound. J
—Best Germa r ntown' ! wo l ol, i8c anlPjg^c a akein— S1.5O a pound.
These Dress Garnitures
have all been grouped to-day -v
At one price, 98c. x
A magnificent offering, for there's such a beauty and tone to the m ~
mings.— 'Some hundred and fifty pieces ranging in value from $2.00 to $6.00.
Boleros, collars, reveres, yokes and fronts. You want them. We are proud
to give them to you at such decided savings.
Collars - Boleros —
Black silk cord, lace and gold braid; oth- Black silk and silk cord; ftill other* t>t
era of ' white silk and gold braid; still black lacs appliqued with silver cord;
others with applique on chiffon; steel 8 tm others of black spangled net.
spangled. • / -
Reveres— Yokes and Fronts—
Of Taffeta silk and velvet: of black tar- Black spangled effects; others of black tai-
feta and silk cord; others with black silk feta spangles; still others with pearl bead-
net and taffeta applique work. ed yokes and drapes. ...
Collars and keveres — fllotifs
Of black net and appliqued with silver (mm.'.it'm/i \u25a0wt.iiik''
braid and spangles; others of black lace ot black n4 whlte lUIt *
appliqued with narrow silver cord; others «- L-Si»+ f>i-nr>r- —
of white lace and gold braid wth chiffon OKlrl ura P cs -}
applique. Of white and black silk braid. .. . -
Walking Skirts $5.00.
The most satisfactory shirt we know
of for anything near this price.
No woman should be without a walking skirt. Fashion
and common s^iise says, "Wear them." So does economy now.
These have the right dip and .swing and are so made as to keep
it. The. twenty rows of stitching on the circular flounce is what
most women like.
Irish Frieze Cloth, grays and black.
Five Dollars.
.Last week we emphasized a dress skirt at "$6.75. We didn't have enough
to supply all the women who came for them that day. Wouldn't had that
happen for anything. BuCwe really thought we had plenty, and there was,
according to all past selling standards. It showed . conclusively that good
values bring good responses. That's why we _ waited till we got an extra
supply of these walking skirts before mentioning them.
„ Concerning two others — j^. *
Walkinc Skirts $3.75— Oxford gray and black, finished with lap seams; around
the bottom are nine rows of stitching. *
Walkine Skirts $0.75— Black and Oxford gray, finished with tailor stitching:
throughout. A circular flounce. A skirt that hangs right becauso It Is cut
right.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
A MORNING DRIVE
in San Francisco is pleasant without the
closed carriage shown above, but after-
noons and evenings are different. We
show many new styles of Broughams,
Landaus and Cabriolets, suitable for V:l
purposes. • •>
Market and Tenth Streets.
JiteiH Inphfs
wSlliSP * lnWiLJ
©J£y||K- FROM THE EYES
lS?g|pl# IS THE NATURAL READING
* '•\u25a0^DISTANCE NEARER OS FURTHER
15 ABffoJWAL AND HEED5 1^/EynGATION
CALL and SEE US
OPTICIANSy^l^
\u25a0"*•» 642 Market St. <^^
UtfDER CHROMICLE BUILDIH6.; ->': \y.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
S2O BROADWAY. N. T.
®^^^-^^& If \
:^>4^A'*- Vgl- Have, you ever noticed on some
'*®&s&kr^ * "^^S&S?* ~f* one else a stunning shoe that was
'^&f '*&&*f\ distinctly. different from the ordin-
W$$!$ %& arv tyP 6 — the sort of a shoe that
0Jj$ A V?v would just suit your taste? And
>^v$ i3$ *T have you afterward gone to a
'0j *£ dealer and tried to find that kind of
$% - i$ .*&^ a shoe, and failed, though he
***^*2* f'irj *"*JV.'
?>:& «*> v**c showed you every brand he had?
'''*lrM[' '• %^ Most people have had this expe-
;&2^\-£i •££ rience at some time. The sort of a
fv&j&Q 4 '••£$ ' shoe tn cy were seeking is one of
:>^Sb4- 81 Ss?v2v$^ our cxclus i ve shapes, and this sort
cl-^>/£%& -If £^;^O °* a s^ oe cannot be found outside
W?ZX$$2 £p -P^i^fi of our storc - Thc n e w * al l styles
•^\u25a0SS^fl. % §fep& • wc havc i ust re . c e»ved are as much
Zk&^'M' $ -^i&:$t better than otheTshoes as they are
'0$$0k M •?«#£& different in every way. ' '
Wmmrn- *#P^ H \u25a0 \u25a0 J J
iF% ~ —