Continued on Page Five.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The Admiralty has
sent instructions to Davenport to prepare
for the construction of a battleship larger
than any now existing. Her displacement
will be 16,500 tons and her length 425 feet.
She will be the first vessel of the King
Edward class.
Britain's Big Battleship.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Funeral services
over the remains of the Puke of Alva
were conducted to-day, at St. Leo's Ro
man Catholic Church. There was a re
quiem mass, with Rev. Father Ducey as
officiating priest. Many friends of the
dead nobleman attended. The Spanish
diplomatic service was represented by
several members of the staff of the lega
tion end a group of Consuls. The body
will cross the Atlantic on the Lucanla,
•alllnff to-morrow, _,; \u25a0\u25a0 , .
Funeral of the Duke of Alva.
Health and Is Able to Hold
Audiences.
ROME. Oct. 18.— Recent reports in re
gard to the Pope's alleged ill health are
flatly contradicted here. ' He is In per
fect health and hold3 daily audiences. Ha
received a number of Cardinals and pre
lates to-day.
Sovereign Pontiff Enjoys Perfect
STORY OF POPE LEO'S
ILLNESS CONTRADICTED
"To Charles Hocksey, who was a saloon
keeper and a miner. The second time I
told it to Albert Fincke and Ira D. Orton
In the presence of Charles C. Yager. The
third time was in San Francisco in Oc
tober. Fincke is a lawyer in Nome, Yager
is one of his clients and Orton Is in Mr;
Metson's office. Mr. Orton, Fincke and
myself were discussing the orders made
by Judge Noyes in various cases. I told
them my relations in regard to the receiv
erships and my position in the whole mat
ter."
Then began a series of questions on Mc-
Laughlln's part which went to the mak
ing of the three affidavits by Hume. A
"To whom?"
Creek claims. Some discrepancies exist
between this affidavit and Hume's direct
testimony.
The witness denied having made the
affidavit, or .at least having signed his
name to it and being cognizant of the
facts contained in it. The third affidavit,
that of June 18, is voluminous and full of
such facts as were brought out in the
testimony, with an occasional discrep
ancy. This, Pillsbury, according to ths
suppositions of respondent's attorneys,
is supposed to have received from Nome.
"Were there any other conversations
with Judge Noyes in regard to the writ
of supersedeas?" began Judge McLaugh
lin at the opening of the morning session.
' "I haven't any recollection of other
meetings," said Hume.
WASHINGTON END OF CASE.
"When did you first tell this story that
you related here?"
"I think that it was in the spring of
1901; no, in the summer of 1900, in Au
gust."
.Finally, rafter; a'.lengthy . discussion by
the attorneys over" the' rights of the wit-
"Under Mr. . Pillsbury's advice and my
own knowledge of the rights of a witness
I refuse to anpwer _ unless the paper is
shown ; me," was the reply which caused
the argument.; ...... .-.. ' -.\u25a0•,'"'
"Did you make another affidavit before
Mr. Bruner. about 'the 15th day of July?"
"Did you at that time make an affi
davit containing the facts for use at
Washington?"
"No, sir."
"Did you make one at that time for nny
purpose?"
"Some time after the conversation with
Fincke and Orton, Fincke asked me. if I
would make an affidavit for Mr. Pillsbury.
I had no. objections and' made one."
"Have you seen a copy of that since?"
"Yes, In Mr.' Metson's office, i This af
fidavit was made In 'June, -1901:" '
"Did you make any other affidavit In
relation to this matter?"
"No, sir." . ;
"I arrived in San Francisco about Sep
tember 30 of this year and was advised
to call upon Mr. Pillsbury and was Inter
viewed by him.". . r '\u25a0-.
discussion arose between Attorneys Mc-
Laughlin and Pillsbury whether or not
the witness should acknowledge the mak
ing of these affidavits without the pro
duction of the instruments. After much
argument Pillsbury finally won .out, the
papers were produced. and identified by
the witness, all but the October affidavit,
which Hume would not admit to be genu
ine.
Then McLaughlin went at the witness
for facts concerning his relations with
Pillsbury. To the first question Hume re
plied:
When shown the affidavit of July 15 the
witness, declared that that was: not his
affidavit. After reading It he said he did
not swear to any such statement of facts.
"I have no recollection of this affidavit,
was not at the courthouse on that day
and did not sign that affidavit before John
P. Reed. I heard that something of this
sort washout, and I have-taken pains to
make sure of .where I was on .that day.
I will not swear that this is not my sig
nature, but I have no recollection of how
it came there. I never swore to the fact3
on page three, knowing the statements to
be as they are. I might sign a paper not
knowing the contents,' relying upon the
honesty of the person presentlng.lt."
McLaughlin then offered the affidavit in
evidence and it was introduced and la
beled, ."Exhibit 1, respondent Noyes." TIm
morning session ended with the reading cf
the affidavits in the record.
"When McKenzie "arrived did he "' have
Hubbard's lnte. :st- in the firm?" began
Judge McLaughlin when the- afternoon
session began. "Was. It delievered with
out affecting your Interest?"
\u25a0 "Yes.sir." \u25a0 'V :/- \u25a0 . •'
"At the time you commenced the ac
tions had. McKenzie acquired your inter
est? From time to time did he not con
sult you in relation to] the actions pend
ing, and you know' on. your knowledge as
a lawyer," all.;, communications between
client and lawyer are confidential ?"
. "He did not consult me. as a client. My
clients were the plaintiffs in the case."
ness. Judge McLaughlin handed Hume the
affidavit, and he testified that It was his
own handwriting and that he had signed
the paper.
CONTENTS WERE UNKNOWN.;
Respondent's Counsel Attempts to Break Down the
Credibility of the Witness by a Long
Gross= Examination.
Authorities at "Washington Inclined
to Believe That Miss Stone Has
Been Killed.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. IC.
W. t WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— Though
Mr. Eddy, secretary of the American
Legation in Constantinople, is Indirectly
in communication with the brigands sup
posed to hold Miss Stone captive, no
word concerning the condition of the
woman has been received by the State
Department for some days. This lack of
information leads many of the Washing
ton authorities to believe that she is
dead. The State Department officials,
however, still cling to the hope that she
is yet alive. They believe that informa
tion of her death would be promptly
communicated to them. Convinced that
the Turkish and Bulgarian troops will not
attack as the result of representations of
the United States, the brigands are prob
ably awaiting the production of the entire
amount of ransom originally demanded.
The State Department continues to urge
the Boston Board of Missions to endeavor
to collect the sum required.
LONDON. Oct. 18.— The Globe this after,
noon says it fears that the safety of Miss
Ellen M. Stone Is seriously compromised
by the attitude of Consul General Dick
inson in refusing to pay the ransom and
in demanding that Bulgaria arrest the
loaders of the Macedonian Committee as
the real authors of the missionary's ab
duction. The paper says the situation con
tains all the factors of a grave interna
tional complication and threatens to as
sume Importance far beyond the person
ality of any individual missionary.
FEAR FOB THE SAFETY
OF KIDNAPED MISSIONARY
ATTORNEY FRANCIS J. HENEY READING THE AFFIDAVITS BY "WHICH THE RESPONDENT'S ATTORNEYS
HOPE TO CALL INTO QUESTION THE CREDIBILITY OF THE TESTIMONY; GIVEN BY W.- T. HUME
AGAINST JUDGE NOYES BEFORE UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER HEACOCK. . . -.\u25a0..-. -
The affidavit of October 20 was appar
ently a surprise to Hume when presented.
It contains an account of Hume's efforts
to find the clerk of the court, with whom
he wished to file the complaints and
orders for the receiverships of the Anvil
The affidavits were the central point of
the day's proceedings. There are three of
them — one executed on the 20th day of
October, 1900, the second on June 18, 1901,
and the third on July 15, 1901. The July
affidavit is in the handwriting: and bears
the signature of Hume. It follows:
That reserving from the effect of this affi
davit any statement made to me by Alexander
McKenzie, I will state that I do not know
of my own knowledge, nor have I been in
formed, nor do I believe, that Arthur H.
Noyes has as presiding Judge of the District
Court for District of Alaska, Second Division,
received any money or pecuniary considera
tions, nor demanded the same to influence any
decision. Judgment or decree rendered or to be
rendered by him as such Judge. .<
Francis J. Heney fell Into the attorneys'
battle over these same affidavits. He act
ed as reader, and after using his voice
for a good half-hour expressed a soulful
desire to shirk the reading of the rest of
the document. The amicus curiae was
not of the same mind, so the reading went
on. Heney accused Pillsbury of an at
tempt to try the cases in the newspapers
and wanted the affidavits ; read for the
benefit of the reporters. Pillsbury was re
lentless, so court, court reporter, attor
neys and all had to listen.
SOME HUME AFFIDAVITS.
So far the attorneys have been courte
ous almost to an extreme, but yesterday
afternoon a bit of testiness was displayed
which is likely to lead to an occasional
fling of sarcasm. This testimony taking
before a Commissioner offers but little
opportunity for the interposition of ob
jections by attorneys.
Once during the morning session, when
an affidavit and the identity of a signa
ture was called into question, Pillsbury
expressed a desire to go downstairs and
have It out before the Judges of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals. McLaughlin did
not press matters and the crossfire went
on.
noon he was the target for
questions on cross and redirect examina
tion before Commissioner Heacock, and as
yet his sensational, startling evidence
given against Noyes, McKenzie and "Wood
remains practically unshaken.
tiume was taken in hand at the begin
ning of the morning session by Judge Mc-
Laughlin. He' displayed the same cool,
self-possessed, and cautious spirit which
characterized his manner on the stand
during the proceedings of the first day.
On the face of it his testimony has a
damaging look to Noyes, but the latter's
attorneys smile and cry "Hearsay, hear
say." That will be their plea, and they
are working toward that end at present
In this cross-examination. An attack
against Hume's credibility was made yes
terday by the Introduction of three affi
davits, all of which were read into the
records and labeled as exhibits in the
case. Hume did some clever unimpeached
explaining of these affidavits, and when
the afternoon session closed the - amicus
curiae, E. S. Pillsbury, had him well in
hand reciting instances of Judge Noyes'
peculiar methods of distributing justice.
The evidence of yesterday brought forth
no startling new facts, except in the re
direct examination, when Hume began to
recite the instances which led him to a
belief in Judge Noyes' corruptibility.
WT. HUME, star witness in
the Nome contempt cases,
had another day of it in
_ the witness ~ chair yester
™ day. Morning and after-
PROTECTED HIS CLIENTS.
The rest of the afternoon was consumed
by an attempt on Pillsbury's part to show
by a redirect examination that .Hume's
reasons for his withdrawal from the
Noyes-McKenzle combination were found
ed on the broad principles of honesty.
"At the time I acquiesced to McKen
zle's propositions," said Hume, "it was
only a resort to protect my clients. At
that time I did not anticipate the full
scope of the scheme. In course of three
weeks, when I discovered the full facts
and meaning, I then tried to retire and
practically' did retire from any connection
with • McKenzie, "Wood and that entire
combination.
Hume also wished to correct the state
ment that the affidavit of October 20 was
not founded on fact in its entirety. He
admitted that some of the statements were
true, but he said that on the date of the
execution he wasOirrying the burden of
the law office, and it was just possible he
signed -without reading the paper clearly.
Pillsbury then took the witness and
"Did you know of a letter written and
signed by Fincke or by Johnson or by
Jackson, addressed to Pillsbury, detailing
service you had been to them in getting
the facts and asking Pillsbury to use his
offices to protect you in the district of
the northern part of the country?"
"I never knew cf it, never sought pro
tection of any kind because I committed
no offense^ If it was written I can con
ceive of a reason for it, for I knew of a
change in the atmosphere at home which
changed the opinion of these men in re
gard«to my conduct In Nome in the sum
mer of 1900."
McLaughlin then asked Pillsbury for the
letter, If he had it in his possession. The
latter said that he did not recollect it, but
If he had he would certainly produce it.
McLaughlin wanted to make doubly sure,
so he asked Pillsbury In the event of his
having sent \ the, letter in question to
Washington would ho look over his letter
copies and favor him with a reproduction.
Pillsbury was . trebly sure that he sent
nothing to Washington.
"I recall this : much," said Pillsbury.
"Private papers were sent to me, but they
were'lost from the mail or maybe stolen."
McLaughlin. pressed the Washington
business further, but Pnlsbury flatly de
nied any connection with the Washington
end of things.
"Personally, I have nothing against
Judge Noyes, but on account of my
knowledge of what I have suffered at the
hands of Noyes, Woods and McKenzIe in
making the one mistake of my life, I
have interested myself in this case. Judge
Noyes has done much to provoke my offi
cial interest In the matter. I did not be
lieve him honest."
McLaughlin did not like this, so he
moved to have the 'matter obliterated
from the record as not responsive to his
questions.
"Did Mr. Fir.cke, Mr. Johnson or Ken
neth M. Jackscn ever say they -would see
that you would be immuned from prose
cution for the making of the affidavit for
Mr. Pillsbury?"
"No, sir."
"No, sir,", was Hume's ready reply.
"Have you suggested names of parties
who would or who would not make affi
davits in this case?" Hume, said he had
not. and then continued: .
HTTlffE AND P3XLSBTJRY.
, "Have you been promised immunity
from prosecution of contempt if you tes
tified as you have?" said Judge McLaugh
lin,; on ;. another tack. ..^ ;•.•------.,\u25a0 . ". t
Three Affidavits
Are Put in
Evidence.
Testimony Taken
Along Usual
Lines.
OGDEN, Utah, Oct. 18.— Rear Admiral
Evans passed through Ogden at noon to
day and will arrive In San Francisco Sun
day night. He refused to be interviewed,
stating that he had not talked with news
paper men since leaving Washington. He,
however, stated that with Admiral Dewey
on the board of inquiry Schley would be
sure of a fair hearing and a clearing of
his record.
Evans is on his way to Samoa, where
he will preside at the court-martial of
Captain Tilley. ,
Will Leave Immediately to Attend
the Court-Martial of Cap
tain Tilley.
BEAR ALMIEAL EVANS
TO ARRIVE HERE SUNDAY
The fact that the Navy Department has
deemed it necessary to send officers of
high rank to Tutuila for the purpose of
Inquiring Into the alleged mismanage
ment of affairs by Tilley is an Indication
that the department knows enough facts
to warrant this very unusual and expen
sive undertaking. The administration is
humiliated by the thought that the effort
to Americanize its colony in the Samoan
Islands has been thwarted by the misbe
havior of one who was supposed to stand
for what is best In American citizenship.
It seems that Commander Tilley was
at Tutuila only two and a half months
out of a year during the time that he
was supposed to be Its Governor ani
his presence was, through his habits, a
distinct misfortune. According to the
charges, he not only did not do his duty
by the natives but made It impossible for
others to fulfill these duties and meet the
wishes and expectations of the American
Government. Aside from the moral fail
ure at Tutuila it is charged against Tilley
that from $20,000 to $30,000 worth of land
was bought by him for the Government
without authority and paid for In notes
which have .since gone to protest. As a
result of this mismanagement natives
and traders have been ruined and dissat
isfaction has ensued.
The Secretary for Native Affairs whom
Tilley appointed is an Englishman— one
Gurr. To say that the commander's fail
ure to appoint an American to the posi
tion created surprise among the Ameri
can colony is expressing it but mildly.
Government Is Humiliated.
Absent From Post of Duty.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— The news
that Commander B. F. Tilley, U. S. N.,
Governor of Tutuila, Samoan Islands, and
commanding the collier Abarenda, had
been detached through charges preferred
by missionaries was a sensational sur
prise to the friends and associates of that
officer. His previous record was so clear,
so strong and so thoroughly satisfactory
that it seemed impossible he should have
at this late stage imperiled his reputa
tion and even his position by almost in
explicable conduct. He graduated at the
head of his class at the Naval Academy
and within a few days has been commis
sioned a captain. It has leaked out that
the charges against him include misbe
havior with native women, intoxication
at his station at Apia, at Auckland and
on hla ship, and a reckless disregard of
his duties as an officer and gentleman.
The charges are doubly mortifying frdaa
the fact that the German officials at Apia
have achieved a distinct success In the
management of that colony. By care,
skill and tact the Germans have pushed
i Apia ahead on social, educational and
business lines. In sad contrast Tutuila,
except for the good work of subordinates,
has gained little from American occupa
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
An official pointed out that the new
treaty -would not provide for the adhe
sion of all governments to Its terms, and
the Incorporation therein of 'the Suez ca
nal regulations would have the same ef
fect and cause them to be Interested In
maintaining the neutrality of the water
way.
The treaty has not yet been finally for
mulated, nor has It been accepted by the
British Cabinet Leading members of the
Cabinet have cordially apprived its terms
and will vote on their acceptance before
November 1. Lord Pauncefote will then
come to Washington, where the treaty
will be finally drawn and signed.
Approved by the Cabinet.
Belligerent vessels are prohibited from
re victualing in the canal; taey shall not
disembark troops, munitions of \u25a0war or
warlike material, and shall not remain in
water adjacent to the canal within three
miles of either end longer than twenty
four hours, and finally, the appliances of
the canal shall In time of war enjoy com
plete immunity from attack or injury by
belligerents.
These rules provide that the canal shall
be free and open in time of war, as
in lima, of peace, to vessels of commerce
and war of all nations, on terms of equal
ity, so that there shall be no discrimina
tion against any nation or Its citizens or
subjects In respect of conditions or
charges of traffic or otherwise; that
the canal shall never be blockaded, nor
any right of war or act of hostility be
committed within it.
To Be Open, at All Times.
CAX.L BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.-Reports of
the new canal treaty between the United
States and Great Britain state that the
United States is given the right to for
tify the canal. This is not true. In the
new treaty Great Britain will agree to an
American guaranty of neutrality of the
canal, subject to the rules, and regula
tions similar to those signed by her and
other powers far the free navigation of
the Suez canaL
The treaty will make no mention of for
tifications. The absence of any prohibi
tion would seem to establish the right of
this Government to erect fortifications if
It sees fit to do so, but the administration
has no idea that this \u25a0will ever be done,
and it is a question whether such action
would not be In contravention of the
rules framed on Suez lines.
Eredal Dispatch to The Call.
All Powers Will Be Interested in Up
holding the Convention Just
' Completed and Approved
by Cabinet Members.
Naval Court Will Also Look Into Ac
cusations of Unauthorized Land
Pr */ chase and Absence From
His Station.
Waterway Will Be Governed
by Rules Framed on
Suez Lines.
Include Misbehavior With
Hative Women and Gros3
Intoxication.
Treaty Does Not Give
the United States
Bight to Fortify.
Charges Against Gover
nor of Tutuila Island
' Are Serious.
TILLEY MUST
ANSWER FOR
BAD CONDUCT
NEUTRALITY
OF THE CANAL
IS PRESERVED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 141.
ATTORNEY HUME UNDER A CROSS FIRE ADHERES
TO HIS DAMAGING STORY AGAINST NOME RING
The San Francisco Call.And' works off-, the cold. 'Laxative • Brorho
Quinine Tablets cure a. cold, in one day. -No
Cure, -No Pay. Price 25 cents.- • .
Stops the.Cough
Newspapers Change Hands.
SALT .LAKE, ; Utah. : Oct.- 18.— The > Salt
Lake "! Tribune :* to-day- \ editorially^ an
?. Ol^i Ce Tf }* e s r ale of tha -t papers to William
w«m \u2666 ' ' or "^y ' y ea rs >.head> of < the
Washingrton press bureau of the Cincin
nati 'Enquirer:- Batrick^ILVLadnan- for
years proprietor of : the Tribune,
CHICAGO,: Oct. . 18.— The Journal says:
X'sypsum trust is the latest.. The, capital
stock of the company will be $13,000^000 and
some 1 thlrty-elg-ht.plants" will be taken in.
Deeds for these properties will be depos
ited with a . local trust company In , the
near .future.. • . . . . . :
The. John W.- Gates people are the pro
moters of this scheme. Ex-Auditor Hon
niber of the American Steel and Wire
Company has charge of the venture.
Ex- Auditor of the American Steel and
\u25a0 Wire Company Heads the
\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 •;\u25a0'\u25a0 . : \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0';'\u25a0\u25a0 Venture. . . ." ' v .'' :
GYPSUM i TRUST FORMED
• Zf '\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 WITH LARGE CAPITAL
The Venezuelan Consul at Trinidad upon
being Informed of the departure of the
expedition jhad the Yeriezuelan .^gunbo'at
Miranda .hauled out- of \hs' drydock to
give pursuit. -She -started ; eight. hours aft
er f fa 6- /evolutionary, expedition -.had- de
parted • from- Trinidad. - and'jreturned yes
terday afternoon*, after .a. fruitless search.
A squall had aided" the revolutionists in
escaping 1 . , \u25a0• • .-» '.-,:\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0.• \u25a0-• - •-»... .- -.
PORT OF.- SPAIN, Trinidad,' Oct.' 18.—
Severaryene'zuela'n revolutionary leaders,
including: Generals^* Penasora?ra.nd.*; Pedro
Ducharia/aeft Tririidadia.t"10..o,'cl6ck :j Tiies
day rtfght in a vessels to ",land in : the' State
of Bermudez,^Venezuela, and. join ajrevo
lutlonary' force. The- leaders = K^ere accom
panied fcyteighty'foHdwers.AWhd' were' well
provided, .with^armsi-aridt' ammunition; It
is the' plan of 'the' leaders-^ to -march on
Barcelona. ' • •-\u25a0•"
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Revolutionary Leaders
Leave Trinidad to In
vade Venezuela. x
General Combes Said to
Have Lost Many of
His. Command.'
PARIS, Oct. lg.-^Le" Drapeau, the organ
of Paul Deroulde and a bitter opponent
or theWaldeck-Rousseau Cabinet, says a
letter, recently received from the Ivory
coast, West Africa,, mentions a report
that General Combes, the French com
mander there, has lost seventy killed and
200 wounded . in engagements with rebels,
and that the Government. has not replied
to his- request for reinforcements: .
This report, is issued by Le Drapeau as
the basis of s an attack upon thte Govern
ment. ' -V; ;• - ' . • \u25a0 , • •
' The /e- is no" confirmation of the' story,
which/ is of. such dubious authority that
no other paper reproduces it. . v '
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
-Itching," Blind, Bleeding or Protruding PUei?.
No Cure, No Pay. All : druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to ! rerund money \u25a0 where ' it fails to cure any
ease of piles, no matter, of how long standing.
Cures ordinary cases in six days; the worst,
cases in fourteen days. , One application gives
ease and rest.. Relieves itching instantly. Tills
A new discovery and is the only pile remedy
sold on a' positive guarantee, no cure-no pay.
A free sample will-be sent by mail to any. one
sending their name and address. Price. 50c. If
your.drugglst don't keep it in^stock send us-58c
in stamps and we will forward a full size box
by mail. • Manufactured by Paris Medicine Co.,
St.LouISrMo.,who also- manufacture the celebra
ted cold cure, Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets.
"I noticed her a little abaft our starboard
beam. Captain Clark at the same time noticed
her and called my attention to her and told
me to look out and avoid a collision. No col
lision was very imminent, but we did change
our helm and passed on. I did not see any
more of the Iowa. After the action com
menced we passed the Texas. The only ehip
then ahead of us was the Brooklyn. She was
well off her accustomed position, well off to
the westward. All the Spanish ships had
g-ot out by this time and we were pursuing
them, heading for the leading ship. We noticed
the Maria Teresa drop astern at less speed
than at first, saw flames leaping up and out
from her. which convinced us she was on fire
a few minutes after that the Oquendo appeared
to be covered with smoke and we concluded
that she also was on fire, which proved to be
a fact Just about this time the Viscaya
which starboarded her helm, seemed to head
off to the southward and went toward the
Brooklyn and fell out of line. It then became
evident that the Colon was pulling out of bat
tle aad running along the shore, but it was
developed that she was running away and had
more speed than all the other ships The
Viscaya headed toward the Brooklyn. She ran
that course for some time and then straightened
out again; then turned inshore and in a few
minutes after that ran ashore also. There is
no doubt about the Viscaya pulling out of the
Spanish line to the southward, because a short
time after this Captain Clark turned around
and called my attention tc some objects in
the water that looked like floating buoys an
parently three or four f*et above the water
We thoucht they were nets with torpedoes'
being probably thrown out to injure the ship
I ported the helm and before I could do any
thing we passed over the spot and found that
we were in the wake of the Viscaya."
Commander Nicholson then' detailed the chase
of the Colon, the subsequent roing ashore arid
"Well Done, Oregon."
"Occupying the position I did during the day
of the engagement, I necessarily' saw consider
able of it. The Incidents of that day com
menced about S:SO or five minutes before, when
the first call to quarters had been sounded.
Then the Spanish ships v. - ere seen coming out
of the harbor: were seen, in fact, by practically
the whole crew at the same time. When the
first ship started to go around the cry went
up. 'There they go." I looked toward the har
bor and eaw the first ship. Her bow was
making a turn into the last reach of the harbor
on her way out. She was followed in succes
sion by the others. I went to my station, first
on the bridge, then down to the conning tower,
and saw that the proper connections were made.
In the meantime the signal had been sounded
to general quarters and by this time steam was
coming up, all the boilers and blowers were
going full tilt and a few minutes afterward
Captain Clark came up. We turned the ship,
going glowly at first, the speed increasing all
the time; turned with a starboard helm and
started in toward the enemy. They came out
at full speed, apparently much faster than we
were at that time. By the time we were
straightened out well to the westward they
were all ahead of us. The Iowa started in, she
being to the westward of us apparently got in
closer to the enemy than we did. because we
passed under her stern. A few minutes after
that, on our course to the westward, we passed
under the stern of the Texas, apparently still
in the water. I called Captain Clark's atten
tion to this. Of course, firing commenced on
both eides at the time the first ship cleared
the mouth of the harbor. We returned the fire
at long range, probably from three and a half
to four miles off at that point. When we
crossed under the Texas' stern we saw the
Iowa coming out on a course nearly parallel
to a converging course with ours.
Lieutenant Commander Nicholson of the
Oregon was then called and began his recital
of the .story of the battle of July 3, which he
had observed as navigator of the Oregon. He
was, he said, on the deck of his vessel, and
added:
Nicholson Called to Testify.
"Under the circumstances may you have not
failed to hear all that Captain Sigsbee said?"
"After hearing the conversation which I have
given. Captain Sigsbee and the commodore
walked aft. so I could not hear what was said,
and I went below."
Captain Lemly asked: "May not Captain
Sigsbee have said: 'I have been here about a
week and have not seen anything of them,' or
\u25a0words to that effect, meaning the Spanish
flett?" •
"No. sir. As I remember it he said 'They
could not be here unless I knew it.' "
"To whom were these remarks addressed
solely? Were they addressed to you at all?"
"No sir."
While Ensign Marble was on the stand for
the purpose of correcting his former testimony
he was further interrogated by Judge Advocate
Lemly concerning the conversation between
Captain Sigsbee of the St. Paul and Commo
dore Schley, overheard by him (the witness)
when Captain Sigsbee came aboard the Brook
lyn off Santiago, May 20.
The list of witnesses called for to-day in
cluded Lieutenant Commander Reginald F.
ICicholson, who was navigator of the Oregon
during the campaign of 1S98; Dr. Charles M.
Devalin, passed assistant surgeon; Captain J.
L. Hannam, retired, who was chief engineer on
the Brooklyn during the war with Spain; Lieu
tenant T. F. Carter, Ensign W. P. Cronin, Car
penter J. H. Warford. all of whom were on
the Brooklyn; Mr. Hunlc-y, who was chief
machinist on the Teias, and Lieutenant B. W.
Wells Jr.. who was Admiral Schley's flag lieu
tenant. It is expected that Captain Clark of
the Oregon will be among the witnesses to be
heard early next week.
\u25a0WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.— The list of yester
day's witnesses called before the Schley court
of inquiry at the beginning of to-day's session
for the purpose of correcting testimony was
exceptionally long, comprising eight persons.
There were, however, not many hew questions
asked of any of them, and, as the testimony
was comparatively brief in each case, the time
consumed in hearing them was not great.
Hen Who Served on the Brooklyn
Testify Concerning Campaign.
SCHLEY'S GAIXA2TT CONDUCT.!
FRENCH DEFEAT
IN WEST AFRICA
-With reference to the McCall memorandum,
saying- that a good landing place could be
found on the- coast of Cuba thirteen miles to
the westward of Cienfuegos, it was shown that
it .had been received at 8:15 p. m. on May 25,
and the witness said that as the Hawk had ar
rived at that time he thought the memoran
dum had not been received until then. No. 8. a
dispatch from Admiral Samusoh, sayine that
the Spanish squadron probably was at San
tiago arid directing Admiral Schley to proceed
there with all dispatch if satisfied that the
Spaniards were not at Cienfugos, also was re
ferred to, and It was shown that according to
the receiving stamp imprint it had been re
ceived at 8:15 p. m., May 23, and that another
copy had been received on the following day.
While the McCalla memorandum was under
discussion. Lieutenant Wells stated that there
was but one copy of it received, and then Ray
nor asked him.
"Do you recollect any 'other copy of this
-memorandum or.McCalla's being sent to Com
modore Schley, or through you to Commodore
Schley, except this one memorandum that I
now show you?", ......
. "I .only recollect, receiving this one," re
plied the witness. ,' ;
\u25a0'•Lieutenant Wells said he did not know what
had become of ' Commodore .Schley's papers.
He said they.were all boxed up- when he left
the Brooklj'n and' turned- over to him. - . -;
Mr. Raynor. also questioned- the witness con
cerning the visits of. Admiral (then captain)
Cotton to the Brooklyn on May. 27 and 30. ; Ad
miral Cotton, was then in" command of thu
Harvard and the dispatch which he had taken
aboard ' the. flagship was presented and read.
This dispatch was from Admiral Sampson and
was 'directed to Captain Cotton. Another dis
patch which was presented while Admiral Cot
ton was on the stand was read by Raynor.
It likewise was from Sampson to Cotton and
was as follows: r . \u25a0 ..
' "The Spanish squadron at Santiago. If pre-r
vlous to May 19 scout off Santiago. Commu
nicate with Schley if they moved -west. Schley
is expected May 24 at Santiago from Cierf
fuegos, Cuba. Telegraph me from Nicholas
Mole to.. Key West if they move east and leave
letter for Schlsy, then go'otf "Santiago" to' meet
him," etc \u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
The witness said in response to questions by
Raynor that he did not remember the- receipt
of this \u25a0 last • dispatch on. board the Brooklyn,
p.nd Raynor said that while the dispatch had
been introduced when Admiral Cotton was on
the stand, he had asked for the original "of it,
but had failed to receive it. He remarked at
the same time that he had doubts that the
original would be supplied and that the re
quest merely had been overlooked by the rep
resentatives of the Navy Department.
Captain Lemly assured him that the original
would be produced. :. . ;'•••;
Going : back to the stay, at Cienfuegos, Ray-
The McCall Memorandum.
"I saw during this ' action a number of ' dis
charges of . smokeless powder from the slope
to the westward • of . the entrance. Several
shells passed over us . and dropped near us.
The commodore at, that time made a number
of Joking remarks about some of us dodging.
I don't think he dodged. Hei seemed to m>» at
that time to be - wholly self-possessed and
without any perturbation." 1 .
"Was he laboring under any mental excite
ment at that time?" .. . #
"None at all, that I could see. He was in
a very natural frame of mind."
Mr. . Raynor. questioned the witness a: con
siderable length concerning the receipt of dis
patches while the flying squadron lay off Cien
fuegos and alao after it had arrived at San
tiago. . He first directed the witness' attention
to dispatch No. 7, known as the "Dear Schley"
letter, and elicited from him the statement,
based upon notes upon the oack of copies of
the", dispatch presented to him for identifica
tion,- that two copies had -toeen" received, the"
nrEt-'oa-.'the 23d and the second on the 24th of
May.: \u25a0 . \u25a0...,,. . \u25a0 , . . - : -. \u25a0
I object: to this criticism. Counsel has been
repeatedly criticizing and throwing slurs on
the officers of the court/ I b»g that it \u25a0 be
stopped. . It is unbecoming in a court of this
character. It is extremely unusual. May it
please the court, we are making history here.
How will these things read in history, even if
they do come" from the Attorney General i of
the great State of Maryland? They are un
worthy-of a court of the' dignity which 1 this
court possesses.- If has not been done: o uC e,
but repeatedly."- \u25a0 : \u25a0 - \u25a0 --- \u25a0> •\u25a0• \u25a0:' \u25a0
\u25a0 Hanna. indorsed this statement; but Raynor
made no response., merely asking- the wi tress
to omit the reference to the publication and
proceed, upon Capfnin Lemly's assurance that
the original would be produced. . . \u25a0 ''
Referring to the engagement of May 31,
Lieutenant Wells -said he had gone aboard the
Massachusetts with Commodore Schley. He
had heard orders given to the New Orleans to
fire on the shore batteries. : Continuing, he
said: '
Objects to Criticism.
Lieutenant Wells' Story. '
Lieutenant B. W. Wells Jr.. who was Com
modore- Schley's flag lieutenant during the
Cuban campaign, was called. Lieutenant
A\ ells gave a detailed account of the entire
campaign, beginning with the dsparture from
Hamilton Roads, the stay at Cienfuegoa, the
cruise to Santiago, the retrograde movement,
the blockade of Santiago, the bombardment of
the Colon antl the battle of Santiago. DMCdb-"
ing the blockade of Cienfuegos, . the witness
spoke especially of the appearance there of the
British steamer Adula on May 23. which he
said, brought a war bulletin from Kingston,
containing . the information that the Spanish
squadron had gone into the harbor at KantU
ago but had subsequently left. He remembered
the meeting with the scout-boats St. ; Paul.
\ale and Minneapolis on the evening of \u25a0 the
26th and also the visit at that time made to
the flagship by Captain Sigsbee and the signal
to return to Key West, via the Yucatan
Channel. ' \u25a0 '
On the 2fth the weather having abated, the
commodore signaled to ask if the Texas rculrl
coal, to which the reply was:' "Can try."
The Texas and other vessels having coaled,"
th; fleet headed to the eastward, arriving oil
Santiago about sunset. The next morning the
squadron had steamed In more : closely anj he
had seen two of the Spanish ships.
Coming to the bombardment of the- Colon
on May 31. the witness undertook to quote
from memory a publication by the Navy De
partment which had, he said, aiven him the
impression that the land batteries there were,
manned by large guns. Captain Lemly ob«
Jected, saying the publication itself should be
produced. Some controversy between counsel
ensued, arid Raynor spoke of the objection
as a mere frivolity.- To this Captain Lemly
responded:
oft We attempted first to drop his body over
board on account of the blood on the deck,
but the commodore said to carry him aft, not
to throw him overboard, and that he should
be buried on land."
i ," D l d , you see Commodore Schley about that
time? _
"All the time.".
"What was his manner and bearing, as they
Impressed you?"
"Admirable, I thought."
"Was his position • one of danger?"
His position was on a little bridge ruilt
around the^ conning tower and he was on the
fighting side of the ship all. the- time as- far
as I could see." \u25a0 '
i! W , as hat an exposed position?"
"All the. time." • ,
CASTRO'S FOES
AGAIN AT WORK
Captain Kannum Heard.
Dr. Devalin was then excused, and: Captain
John L. Ilannurn was called. He was the chief
engineer on board the . Brooklyn and " of the
flying squadron during the Cuban campaign.
Captain Hannum's testimony, aside from re
plies to questions by the court, related entirely
to the condition of the', collier Herrimac on
May 27 and 28. He saW that on the forenoon
of the former, date Commodore Schley had or
dered him to go aboard the collier; that having
done so he found her Intermediate valve gear
entirely disabled. He also said that while the
Merrimac was not entirely helpless her horse
power was reduced one-third and that she was
able to hobble along only at the rate of four
or five knots an hour. -
The court asked Captain Hannum the fol
lowing questions: \u25a0 . .
"What was the Brooklyn's most economical
speed and how much coal. per day did she burn
at that speed while you were her chief en
gineer?"
"Her economical speed, I think, was about
ten knots, burning from seventy to -seventy-five
tens of ccal a day." ...
"Were the fires laid ready for. lighting under
an boilers not in use. by the Brooklyn? if not
why not?" ' - ' .'•--\u25a0:.
"I think the furnaces were coaled I am
pretty sure they were ready to throw a shovel
ful of coal on them and start them." • \u25a0
Captain Hannum was then excused and Lieu
tenant Thomas F. Carter, passed assistant en
gineer, who was in charge of the machinery
or the main engines of the Brooklyn during
the Santiago campaign, was called. In reply
to a request from Raynor he gave a statement
concerning the condition 'of the engines of the
Brooklyn on the morning of the battle of Jiily
3. raying:
"The after main engines were not used. The
*"I may have so stated, but I do not now
remember and cannot " repeat any conversa
tion of the kind."
"Have you not heretofore repeated it?" .
At this point Raynor interrupted Captain
Lemly's examination with a protest against
the putting of his question without giving the
names of persons with whom witness was sup
posed to have had the conversation in ques
tion, but Captain Lemly objected to this in
terruption and insisted upon the regularity of
the proceedings. . . : • . \u25a0 - .-\u25a0•-.
Speaking for the court Admiral Dewey sus
tained Raynor's point, saying: "We know
more law now than we did berore. Time, place
and names of individuals should be given. I
would not like- myself to have such a- question
put to me; no one would like it." \u25a0
Captain Lemly then asked: "Did you tell
Lieutenant Ward in Portsmouth, N. H., on
August C that you had heard a conversation
in which the word 'Texas' was used?" .
The witness said he had no recollection of
saying anything at that time about the Texas.
Dr. Charles M. Devalin followed Commander
Nicholson. He said that he had been medical
officer on board the Brooklyn and -had observed
the battle of July 3 from the forecastle. He
gave a brief description of the battle, saying
he had been present when Yeoman - Ellis was
killed and that he had observed Commodore
Schley during the entire engagement.
"His conduct and bearing," said the witness,
"were all that could be expected. He seemed
to know what he was about and to be doing
all that he wished to do. He was in perfeat
control of the situation."
In response to questions from Captai-n Lemly
the witness said that he had heard Commodore
Schley give tha order "Helm hard aport." and
had heard no one else give it. In response to
a question he said he had at that time heard,
no colloquy or altercation concerning this or
dar. ' ' .•;:•• .(
"Haven't -ou stated, heretofore, that you did.
hear such a conversation?"
Schley in Perfect Control.
"When the Oregon changed her direction to
ward the Brooklyn had the Brooklyn completed
her turn?"
"I am under the impression that she had;
she must have done so."
"What was the position of the Oregon when
Fhe turned with Ftarboard helm during the
battle off Santiago?"
"She was lving still In the water, and we
turned to head off the Spanish fleet. We over
took all but the Colon very quickly."
"The Iowa was due south; .the Texas'on.her
port hand and the Brooklyn farther off to the
westward. The Oregon was to the right of the
Iowa and the Indiana inshore to the eastward,'
with the New York in the distance. I remem
ber looking for the flagship, and saw her off
seven or eight -miles tpward Siboney." -... . .'
"Did the Oregon at any time pa^s. between,
the Brooklyn.' and the Spanish ships?"/' "!.'..
"Not when they were offering any; ;actlve.*re
sistance; she did as the Spanish vessels turned
to po ashore." - - - • : - -j .
! "Was the Oregon in her proper blockading
position when the Spanish ships started out?";
• "Practically, yes." • '.>'
! "What was her course with reference to' the
Morro?" '> t \u25a0 • . .
' "About four miles distant and a little east
ward to south of it." / . . \u25a0 /
• "What was the distance between the block
ading:-positions of the Oregon and Brooklyn?"
i "From three to ' four miles in the daytime;
they were nearer together at night." .'
"What was the relative position of the Amer
ican ships when the Spanish vessels came out?"
j In reply to Hanna the witness said he had
observed the Spanish fleet as it came out of
the harbor at Santiago they were in column
and in order, three or four ships' lengths apart;
that all ported their helms and turned to the
westward, apparently with the intention of go-
Ing ashore if necessary. During the early part
of the engagement he had seen none of the
iSpanish vessels turning . toward any of the
American ships and he was sure there- was
no well developed movement. in' that direction.
Yet the smoke was dense and- he could not
be certain of all details.
i The court asked questions ' of Commander
Nicholson as follows: • \u25a0' \^ " • .-
In response to another question by Captain
Lemly Commander Nicholson said: "!\u25a0 thought
the Oregon was nearer the enemy during the
chase than the Brooklyn, but the distance
varied somewhat. At one time ths Brooklyn
had apparently turned to head oft a turn of
the Colon toward' Cane Cruz. 'A .
In reply to questions by Raynor the witness
said he could nut say positively that he had
Been the Brooklyn make her turn, but that he
had seen her chanee her position. He had
never peen the Brooklyn and the Texas when
they were closer together than a" mile or a
mile and a half. He also said that he did
not remember any signal from the Brooklyn
to the Oregon to use her 13-inch guns on the
Colon.
"Did the Oregon use her 13-inch guns early
in the action?" Captain Lemly asked, as his
first question on cross-examination.
"Oh, yes," was the response. "But she
stopped using them during the chase of the
Colon as that vessel was so lar away that to
use them \u25a0 would have been a waste of am
munition."
Did Not See Brooklyn's Turn.
surrender. He said that he recalled seme sig
nals from the Brooklyn on the day of the
battle, among others one at the beginning of
the battle to close up and another at the close
of the engagement saying: "Well done,
Oregon." \u25a0
"As for the first signal," he said,- "we -were
already closing in and it did not influence us."
retires from active newspaper work.
Judge C. C. Goodwin, who, for many
years has been associated with Lannan as
editor of. the" Tribune, also retires, from
the Tribune and will devote his time to
literary work. The' Tribune will continue
Republican in politics.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 18.-W. R.
Nelson, proprietor of. the Kansas city
Star, has purchased the Kansas City
Morning Times and will continue its pub
lication, both papers to be issued from the
Star building. The Sunday edition of the
Times will be merged into that of >the
Star. . . .
Captain Lemly replied that he did not relish'
such 'conduct- with "imputations- on one hand
and apologies on the other." \u25a0
Raynor responded that he was sorry he
(Lemly) had been so badly hurt. ' '\u25a0 .
' Hunly- was then'excused and "Lieutenant J
P. J. Ryan, who was assistant engineer on the
Brooklyn, was called. Describing the battle
off Santiago, the witness said:
"I passed ranges from. -Yeoman. -Ellis into
the forward turret until Ellis was killed
These ranges varied. The last range I made
a mistake in passing. I thought he said 700
when he said 1100 yards." .
"Were you present when. Ellis was killed?"
"Yes. sir. I was standing alongside of him
A shell from what I thought was the Colon
struck him in the face and took his head
"I don't know; I was ordered to come."
Captain Lemly asked Raynor to state the
purpose of the question. He went on to say
that this was an imputation which he resented
Replying Raynor. said lie had meant no im
putation; that Admiral Schley had not had
the witness summoned and' that he (the ad
miral) had accidentally \ found the witness
here. .
"Nothing at all. I don't remember stopping
or backing. The only orders I remember were
to 'slow. down' and for. 'full speed.' "
"Do you know of anything that was dbne
on the starboard side?" . • •
"I do not."
Raynor— Who summoned . you here?
An Imputation Resented.
"Is there anything to fix the signals given
In your mind?"
"No, sir," the witness replied.
"Was the port engine of the Texas either
stopped or backed?"
"No, sir." .
"Was it slowed down?"
"Slowed down; yes, sir." ' !
Hanna cross-examined Hunly who said that
he had .been on duty all the time during the
battle.
J. L,. Hunly. who was chief machinist on the
Texas during the battle of July 3.' was called.
He said that during the engagement he had
been on duty at the throttle of the port en
gine. He said. in response to a question by
Raynor that he knew Alfred Claxton '• who
had previously testified that on the day of
the battle he was standing at I the throttle of
the port engine. •
"Is that correct?" asked Raynor, quoting
Claxton's testimony.
Warford said that Commodore Schley's con
duct and bearing during the battle were \u25a0 that
of a fearless officer. He said that during the
engagement the turning tank of the Brooklyn
filled with water.
When Cronan was excused. George H. War
ford, who was carpenter on the Brooklyn, was
called. Describing the battie of July 3, he
said that early, in the action the order was
passed by a marine orderly, "Stand ready to
ram." He also said that later and during the
chase he had seen the "Vlscaya turn as if to
ram ! the Brooklyn, . before the former -went
ashore. He said he had made a personal ex
amination of the Brooklyn after the battle
and found that she had- been struck thirty
times.
"Stand Ready to Earn."
In reply to a question by the court, Cronan
said that so far as he knew neither the Eagle
nor the Vixen had made any signal requesting
the squadron to slow down on the cruise from
Cienfuegos to Santiago.
Cronan continued his testimony at the opening
of the afternoon session. He related the details
of the battle of July 3 and described the turn
of the Brooklyn. He observed, he said, that the
first ship appeared to be heading toward the
Brooklyn, creating the impression that either
she meant to ram the Brooklyn or the Brook
lyn to ram her. This contingency, however, was
avoided by both the Brooklyn and the Spanish
ships putting the helm to port. /
"Yes, sir. That morning I was on watch on
the after bridge of the Brooklyn. We sighted
the-* three ships bound for Key West, one of
which was a converted yacht. -The Scorpion left
the column and went over toward the yacht and
communicated with her. The Scorpion came
..back and communicated a megaphone message
to . the Brooklyn. The substance of this mes
sage was that the Nashville was returning to
\u25a0Key 'West broken down; that the Cincinnati and
Aesuvtus were patrolling Yucatan channel, and
that Captain McCalla reported he had' seen
nptning of the Spaniards at Cienfuegos."
i "Who received that message?" asked Raynor.
'-."To the"bes£of my remembrance the commo
dore and flag lieutenant were on'the brldga'be
sides myself." -. .
\u25a0 Relating' his experiences during "the voyage
from Cienfuescs to Santiago, he said:
"It was the roughest weather we had had
since I had been on the Brooklyn. The ship
had more motion than I have seen her have.
It ..was a short, heavy head sea."
The witness placed the dis.tance'of the-block
ading line at Santiago at from three and a half
to five miles from shore, saying that he had
been watch officer and had made close obser
vations. • There were picket boats on the inside
of the line.
Lieutenant Carter+v/as then excused and W.
P. Cronan, v art ensign; who : served as signal offi
cer t; on . the >., Brooklyn during the Cuban cam
paign, was called.*; Raynor asked him whether
he .-remembered ai'.incssaEe from the Scorpion
to- the Brooklyn -on May. 19 as he was going
from Key West to Cienfuegos. The witness re
plied: •\u25a0' - ' •
Ensign Tells of Messages.
"The two after boilers had no water in them.
Those .fires were not laid until after the battle
call was sounded, .but the other boilers not in
use did -have fires laid. As to when they were
laid I do not know, s but the' boilers that had
water in them had',tKeir furnaces' charged and
those without water were kept uncharged."
. "When were the fires laid "in the boilers that
were not in use when. the battle began on the
morninsr of July-3?'-' t
"Were the engines at any time stopped, re
versed or slowed?"
"The engines., were not at any time during the
battle stopped or reversed. I. have no recollec-'
tion of their ever having been slowed. They
certainly were not stopped nor reversed."
At ,Raynor's request. the witness presented a
written memorandum, which he had prepared,
showing the speed of the Brooklyn during the
day of battie, arid indicating a gradual increase
from llij to 14 knots per- hour..' ; The memoran
dum was based on the basis of the revolutions
of the propeller. In response. to questions by
Captain Lemly, the witness stated that he es
timated the entire distance traversed between
9:35 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. at 52.5 knots..'
! When asked if he had received any encourag
ing messages- during the battle, tha .witness re
plied that he had; and that. some of the mes
sages' were from': Commodore'' Schley, others
from £a:uain Cook and .still others from As
sistant'Engineer Ryan. . .
The court .then asked the following question:
Engines Not Keyersed.
"Every effort was made to economize steam
and get the most power out or it, the most turns
of the engine. There was a steady increase in
the number of the turns of the engines from
the beginning to the end." \u25a0
Raynor— Can you tell me what went^on in the
engine-rooms during the action with respect to
increasing soeed of the ship?
forward . main engines were disconnected from
the forward ones' and steam was on \u25a0 in three
boilers." ; ' ,:
Men Who Served Under Him in the Cuban Campaign
Say He Was Constantly Exposed to Danger.
From the line of examination relating
to the fight of July 3 already pursued, it
is evident that it is the intention of Ray
nor to have Lieutenant Wells give a. .com
plete history of Admiral-Schley's actions
during the Spanish war. .AVhen.the court
adjourned he had reached the period of
the battle of July 3, having gone quite
minutely into other incidents of the cam
paign up to that time, including the re
ceipt of dispatches from Admiral' Samp-
SO!\ ........... \u25a0 ... .
The list of witnesses examined to-day
included eight names, .but the interroga
tion of the last of trie witnesses called
had not been concluded when the day
came to a close.
This last witness was Lieutenant B. "W.
"Wells Jr., who served during the war With
Spain as Admiral Schley's flag lieutenant,
or private secretary.. The other seven
persons heard during the day were, in the
order in which, they -were called: Lieu
tenant Commander E. P. Nicholson, who
was navigator of the Oregon; Medical Di
rector Charles M. Devalin. a ..surgeon;
Captain J. L. Hallum, retired engineer;
Lieutenant Thomas F. Carter; Ensign \V.
P. Cronan; Carpenter J. H. AVarford, all
of whom served on the Brooklyn, and
J. L. Hanley. who was chief machinist on
board the Texas. • — - - <
Lieutenant Commander Nicholson told
the story of the battle of July 3 as he saw
it from the deck of the Oregon. -He iaid
the movement of the Oregon had not been
controlled by signals from the Brooklyn,
and he expressed the opinion that • ihe
Oregon was nearer . the Colon than the
Brooklyn was.
Hanley^said that the port engines. of the
Texas had not been stopped during the
battle of July 3. - ......
Admiral Schley, informed the
court that he hoped to be able to . con
clude the presentation of testimony for
the applicant by the close of next week.
He added that he thus far had not had
opportunity to consult with witnesses
\u25a0who are still to be heard. He therefore
asked that an adjournment be taken from
to-day until Monday. Speaking for ihe
court. Admiral Dewey-said he was most
happy to gTant the request. According
ly the court adjourned until li o'clock
Monday.
WASHINGTON, Oct 18.— Just
before the Schley court of in
quiry adjourned to-day At
torney Raynor, counsel for
"What have you .to gay in reference to a
statement that he' took. refuge behind- or on the
lee side ; of- the* conning tower during the tim«
of the reeonnoissance ? • Did you see him suf
ficiently-to enable' to- speak on that?' •
• "I was In hjsvimmediate vicinity during the
entire reconnolsEance and ; I recollect that he
certanly did not take refuge, as you express it,
behind the conning, tower. He' was at different
points. about the conning tower in- the turret,
one side. or the other, quite indifferently, ap
parently." ' . -,\u25a0\u25a0 ".
"Haveyou a personal recollection of any sig
nal 'Don't go in any closer' without consulting
eis-nal record books?"
"I do not see how such a signal could have
been made." ; . . : . . •• . :.
At this' point Raynor stated to the court that
he desired, to interrogate Wells with "reference
to the battle of July 3. but that, as the hour of
adjournment was approaching,, he "would not
have time to conclude his examination of the
witness upon this branch of the inquiry. He
therefore asked to be allowed to postpone fur
ther questioning until the next session of the
court. He also requested an adjournment of
the court until next Monday. Both requests
were granted and the court adjourned until 11
o'clock Monday next. -
"No, sir; I. do not recall any such remark."
' "Did you hear Commodore Schley say at any
time anything in reference to the conspicuous
ness of . his uniform at the time or his recon
noissance?" i ; - . , ' .; '\u25a0 '.- " "•
"Have you any recollection how far off shore
the squadron was when these signals were
made, from your own observation?"
"Well, the squadron's general distance was
off shore about three, or four miles, and we
stood to 'the southward , about' eight miles, I
should say. We were twelve or fifteen miles
off shore." - - ' '.' -
"When did you first distinctly find out where
the Spanish squadron was?" ..
"When we saw the Colon at the entrance to
the harbor of Santiago on the morning of the
29th of May."
"Do you know, from your own knowledge,
about the difficulty of coaling the Texas on
May 27 p.nd 2S?" V;
"I recollect that there was a -signal, which
was 'the subject of some, conversation, relative
to the fact that the collier and Texas had both
suffered from injury' at that time and, later, a
day or so, I remember seeing on the ship's side
evidences of some repairs being made; in the
nature of red lead and touching up."
"Do you know Whether any report was made
to Commodore Schley at the time of the recon
noissance of the fact that the ship was not on
the range that had been determined on? What
was the range determined on?"
"Seven thousand yards or 7500 yards. When
first we closed in, my recollection is that Mr.
Potts reported to Captain Hlgginson that the
ship was about that range.''
"Was any report made to yourself about that,
that she was not on that range?"
"No, sir.". . \u25a0-• • ..-\u25a0-. - - .
"Or afterward?" " ' - .... \u25a0
"No, sir." . -', ' .'• -.-;.-
"Do you remember any Ardois signals made
in the squadron after the departure from Cien
fueros?"
"There were some. I remember .their being
made but I cannot exactly say what they
were." . .
Signals in the Squadron.
nor Questioned -witness with a view of elicit
ing exact information as to the time of the
Eagle's definite report to Admiral Schley that
the Spanish fleet was not in CienfueKoa. In
reply Lieutenant Wells said: •
"It was durins: the afternoon, some time, I
should say, about 3:30 or 4 o'clock."
'•What was. the time, between the receipt of
this message and the time you set Sail for
Santiago?"
"We prepared several letters. or dispatches to
Admiral Sampson, I believe, and to the de
partment, if I am not mistaken, and when
they were finished the Dupont left some time
along about 7 o'clock. It was shortly after
that that the squadron stood out to south
ward."
REAR ADMIRAL 3CHLEY'5 CONDUCT IN BATTLE
SUCH AS TO INSPIRE HIS SUBORDINATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901.
2
MBS. PIPER HASWITH-
DBAWN v FBOM THE SO-
CIETY FOB PSYCHICAL
BESEABCH!- : :
- Bead her confession in ,;•,
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones.
What bavoci .;
Scrofula,- let aioneV is capable of' all that,
and more. , . . ' - • 5
It is commonly" " marked by bunches lif
the neck, inflammations in the"eyeB, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility. £> . ;
It Is always radically and permanently
cured by . \u25a0 . ' ;-^;>.'< : '.. ,. ' ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0{\u25a0\u25a0 \
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which expels all humors, cures all erup-
tions, \ and builds up the whole : system,
whether young or o^L --': - \u25a0 \u25a0 • :-- - ,-
Hood'a PilU core liver fllg:, the non-Irritating and
only cathartic to take frith Hood'g - SarsaparllU.
. . OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers leave Broadway
1|L^ "Wharf, San Francisco:
f**^ 1 **. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
; wSji^Shahi Oct - 3 - 8 ' I3> 1S - 23> 23> Xov - 2 -
j Change to company's steamers
'\u25a0 KXiSiie^al For Victoria, Vancouver i B.
•i C), .Port Townsend, Seattlt.
"^ Tacoma, Everett and New
1 »"*(4. "Whatcom (Wash.)— U a. m. ,
~ Oct. 3, 8. 13. 13. 23. 23. Nov. 2.
.... . Change at Seattle lor this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. By.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4. 9 14. 19. 24. 29, Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los AoKe4es and Redondo (Loa An-
ge j eg )_Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Ob'spo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hoeneme. East San Pedro and San Pedro
— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 1th each month.
For further Information obtain the company* 3
folders. -
The company reserves the , right to charge
\ steamers, aailing days and hours of sailing-,
\u25a0without prevous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
' Only Stoamsliip Xiixio *o
PORTLAND, Op.,
-And Short Rail Line tVom Portlonil to a'l
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail op steamship and rail, at
' • : ZiOWiiiST fc_A.fz*£:s.
STEAMSK TICKET3 IX CLUBS BSSTH ud MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 13, 25, Nov. 4. 14, 24
SS. GEQ. W. ELDER
.Sa»3 Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9. 13. 23
X).W.HITCHCOCK.GEX.Agt..l Montgm'y. S. F.
TOYO KM IAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL. LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Br.ir.nan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong witn steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on.
day of sailing-.
SS. AMERICA MARTT
Wednesday, October 23, ' 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU „
November 16. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU.......
"Wednesday. December 1L 1901.
Round-trip tickets at reduced .rates. Fo?
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
..'-\u25a0. "W. H. AVER Y. \u25a0 General Agent..-
AMERICAN LINE.
SSV T0BK. 8OUTHAXPT0H. L0ND0H.. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound, - -
\u25a0From New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m. .
St. Paul Oct. 30 St. Paul ..Nov. 21
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford ......Nov 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....JDec. I
RED STAR LINE. V
New York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon. •
•Zeeland .Oct. 30j*Vaderland ...._Xov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6|Haverford Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. lol*Zeeland ...Dec I
•Stopping- at Cherbourg, eastbound - \u25a0
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. -
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. • .'
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To : Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,' Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard'3. Pier 10. 12 m. ~ - • — ;• ,> \u25a0 •
AREQUIPA .... Oct IS] PERU ....^j,' o * ; 9
LOA Oct. 26IPALENA ~IIt!|Jov 23
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
a^.? a^ enserof 5^ 316 California street.
BALFOUR; GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, s Kf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
i Cabin. $103; Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
i* pfiyl1 **"'• Tuesday, Oct. 23
o. 8. Leelanaw sails Monday, Oct. °S
S.S.Argyll sails
Sr^ShH"* Wharf. Pier 38. at i p. m.
£ %>*™<£??. senseT Office. 330 Market »t.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent. "
U VVUlalC 4J.*?.t*y . ZEAIAND «o SYDNEY,
Z-1Z DWECIIIHETOTAHITL ;
& 3^. 'or Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
s. t^^^^;^^^ 2 !:^^ '
5. s:*AI^^EDaV Vw'Honoiula?™.^.".™'^
. • Saturday, Xow. 2. 3 p. ra.
J. O.SPaESXELS 4 BRDS: CO., finerai Agents. 327 tfaiisi »
fian.l Pasenggr Ct&s, 643 yarkst SUHgja..?. PasiSe 51
CO'XPASXIS ' GENESALS TBASSATLAirTIQDJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVEE-PARIS '. j-j*^
Sailing every Thursday instead of \u25a0Ci'W'O^a
Saturday, at 10- a. nt; from pier 42, — iffiftWH
North River, . foot of \u25a0 Morton street. -:\u25a0 "
First class to Havre'. S10 and upwarcf.' SeconJ
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAT,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), NeT"
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Cca3<
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents-
BAY AND • BIVEE STEAMERS;
Steamsre GEN.fFRISBIEor MONTICEIJiS
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunl
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. • Leavei
Vallejo.7 a. m..-. 12:30 noon,- 6 p. m.,- exaep>
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a, m.. 4:15 p. m, Fare 3»
cents. Telephone' Main 15C8. Landing. an<
office, pier 2, Missicn-st. ' dock. HATCH i
BROS. - - - .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 -.\u25a0- . . . *V
JfiBllrCaflaooierJeii 1
ATJ VERTISEMENTS. \ \u25a0
Every Sufferer .fiom; Catirrh Knows that
Salves, Lotions, Washes, i prays and
• Touches Dj-Not Cure. s
Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and In-
halers cannot really cure Catarrh, because
this disease is a blood disease, and local
applications, If they accomplish anything
at all, simply give transient relief. .
The catarrhal poison is In the blood and
the mucous membrane. of the. -nose, threat
and trachea tries to relieve the system by
secreting. large, quantities-, o.f. mucus, .the
discharge - sometimes closing up the.. nos-
trils, dropping -into the .throat, - causing
deafness, by closing the Eustachian tubes,
and after a time causing catarrh of stom-
ach or serious, throat and lung troubles.
' A remedy to'really cure catarrh must be
an internal remedy which will cleanse the
blood from catarrhal poison and remove
the fever and congestion from the mucdu3
membrane. .; \u25a0 .- •'.' :
The best and. most modern- remedies for
this, purpose are antiseptics scientifically
known as Eucalyptol, Guaiacol, San-
guinaria and Hydrastin,, and while each
of .these has been successfully used sep-
arately, yet -it has been difficult to get
them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form. . v
The manufacturers of the new catarrh
cure. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have suc-
ceeded admirably in accomplishing this
result. ' They are large, pleasant tasting
lozenges, to be dissolved in the mouth,
thus reaching every part of the mucous
membrane of the throat and " finally the
stomach, r . : • \u25a0 < . • .
. Unlike many catarrh remedies, Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate
or any injurious drug whatever' and are
equally beneficial for little children and
adults.- \u25a0 '-' ., \u25a0 \
Mr. C. R. Rembrandt of Rochester, N.
Y., says: "I know of few people who have
suffered as much as I from Catarrh of
the head, throat and stomach. 1 used
sprays, inhalers and powders for months
at a time with only slight relief, and had
no hope of cure. I had not the means to
make a change of climate, which seemed
my only chance of cure. \u25a0 .
"Last spring I read an account of some
remarkable cures made by Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and promptly bought a
fifty-cent box from my druggist- and ob-
tained such positive benefit from that one
package that I continued to use them
daily until I now consider myself entirely
free from the 'disgusting annoyance of ca-
tarrh; my head Is clear, my digestion all I
could ask and my hearing, which had be-
gun to fail as a result of the catarrh, has
greatly improved until I feel I can hear a3
well as ever. They are a household neces-
sity in my family." .
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at 50 cents for complete treat-
ment, i and for convenience, safety and
prompt results they are undoubtedly the
long-looked-for catarrh cure. . .
DR.MEYERSICO,' '££&%
Specialist. Disease 1 8§fp^ * f?'
and weakness of \ W=se> jg
men. Established 1^® >**5I3& 'ISS?
1SS1. Consultation Iwj.-' wTf
. and private book : : . . ; • 1 .
frse, at office or-by '''%m&\-
mail. Cures guar- ' \&&kl&B$&egr
anteed. 731 Mar- A^^^m^W
ket. street (eleva- \u25a0VBV.T^S'iSa
tor entrance), San
if r&xicisco. 1 ' ..\u25a0 j •"• '. --\u25a0' \u25a0• "-•.\u25a0 ".\u25a0*'". \u25a0, \u25a0 v \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0
MSa ' CHICHE8TEIVS ENGLISH .'
Pennyroyal pills
« SS: TsSi S b * lM ribb0B - Tmke no »ther. Refuta
ADVEBTISEMEIIT^ _ _ _
Ijp^fe THE GENUINE 3
£ • \u25a0 ft* iih f a»iMiffisvir»iifci*7i*XiiM «vn m \u25a0 i at
Walter Baker 6c Cp..Lm
ESTABLISHED 1780. j - DORCHESTER. MASS.,
ADVERTISEMENTS^ U\
ICALIFORNIA |
I "THE SUPERIOR OF
| § THEM ALL" |
I Everything that tends to H
K speed, comfort, pleasure and {
H luxury unlimited. Reserve I
P berths for this famous train 1
H at 641 Market street.' ~1
if "IT .LEAVES EVERY MONDAY. AND I
[I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE I
STATEMENT
—OF THE-— • . -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, en the 21st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the ' year ending on that
day, as made • to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
. . CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock,- paid up in
Cash .......'. i.fl.250,000 00
:.\u25a0",\u25a0; , ;•:. .'•\u25a0assets.' ' .;';-. .:;', -'
Real Estate owned by Company..*.. $801,500.00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages .857,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.....:..... 7,178,654 So
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7,800 00
Cash in Company's Office 12S.25182
Cash in Banks /. * ... 730,818 SO
Interest due and accrued on all .
Stocks and Loans .."... ..'... ' 53 33
Interest due and accrued -on Bonds- • \u25a0 . •'\u25a0-*\u25a0
\u25a0and Mortgages ...-\u25a0 \u25a0-..... 24,832 19
Premiums in due Course of ; Collec-
tion :..... 1,238,511 32
Rents due and accrued 1,469 69
Due from ether Companies for Re-' . .
insurance on losses already paid... - - 9,573 S3
Total Assets $10,979,253 03
LIABILITIES.
; Losses adjusted and unpaid $232,623 H
Losses in process of Adjustment or,
in Suspense 367,639 82
Losses resisted, including expenses... 54,866 14
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $4,917,433 16;
reinsurance 50 per cent 2,433,727 5S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $6,022,-
867 05; reinsurance pro rata.......... 3,008,319 14
Commissions and Brokerage due and .
to become due 84,300 00
Total .Liabilities .$8,206,495 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premiums $6,6S4,74S 53
Received for interest" on Bonds and
Mortgages 61,660 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Btfnds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 312,845 7«
Received for Rents 13,682 27
Total Income .$7,072,934 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
\ eluding $606,366 64, losses of previ-
i ous years) $4,371,957 C6
Dividends to Stockholders 400,000 uO
Paid 'or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1.163,657 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other •
charges for officers, clerks, etc Sll 7ns 04
Paid, for State, National and Local
taxes I 197 520 96
All other payments and expenditures ' 64l|sO8 64
.Total Expenditures .J7.286.650 U
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year.... $5,012, 539 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums
Net amount of Risks . ' \u25a0 .
•written- during the
year....... $705,252,502 $8 442 122 st
Net amount of Risks . . ' "* n
expired during the •' ' -
year ;.. 665,432,202 • 7 898 1« ar
Net amount in force ' >S38,ia2 Zo
December 31. 1900.. 962.575.069 10.940,322 21,
: P^C RC^^> PreSlden t. T
Subscribed .nd sworn to tetir.^."^..-
day of January 1901 me, this 4ta
. ; DANIEL J. GLAZIER,- Notary PuVuc.%
Pacific Department,
313 California St., Sari FrancUc,.'
Henry K. Belden, Manager
Whitney Pa-achc.jtMaS
-,NEW- WESTERN HOTEL,
room; elevator ruw ™ m S h£ e to ' TO "[pines has been furnished by a
fresh disaster which has befallen the
American troops in the Island of Samar.
The Ninth Infantry, which sustained such
a serious loss at Batangiga, is again the
sufferer. Company E of that regiment
has lost ten men killed and six wounded
In what appears to have been an ambush
in the field in the province of Lower Can
dara.
Considerable concern has been caused to
the War Department by this latest evi
oence of insurgent activity in Samar.
Some satisfaction i3 found in the heavy
loss sustained by the attacking force, but
while it lost one-fifth in killed the Ameri
can command, almost overwhelmed by
the numerical superiority of the enemv
has no record of its killed and wounded.
The belief is growing in the War Depart
ment that Brigadier General Hughes, in
command in Samar, underestimates the
strength of the rebels.
Additional Regiment Sent.
ALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
ff N. W-. WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.—
(L j Further evidence of the need of
>^^7 additional troops in the Philip-
OFFICER IN COMMAND OF THE UNITED STATES TROOPS IN THE PHILIPPINES DEPARTMENT INCLUDING
THE ISLAND OF SAMAR, AND THE COMMANDER OF COMPANY E, NINTH INFANTRY, WHOSE FORCES
WERE AMBUSCADED LAST WEDNESDAY BY TREACHEROUS BOLOMEN.
For etde rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
ill Market st., and ferry depot.
Special Rates
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18, Los Angeles De
cember IP, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles $70. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullman sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low .•' side-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. . Make reservations
613 Market streat, Sah Francesco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
The unsatisfactory features are the slowness
of the process of conversion, the failure to get
the rifles and the slowness and the difficulty
In making reads and trails. Every foot pre
sents Its peculiar obstacle, but the troops are
doing all that can be justly demanded of them,
and while efforts have been made to push
things faster, I am entirely satisfied with the
results thus far secured. The commands are
email, but I hope I have not made a mistake
In underestimating the fighting ability of the
forces now in the field against us. I would feel
The progress in Samar is satisfactory in some
ways and not in others. The subduing of the
fighting propensities of the war faction Is re
duced almost to a nullity. The growth of our
strength in the estimation of the people is also
quite satisfactory. The fact is. their love for
the flesh pots, and incidentally for the Ameri
cans who represent said pots, is growing bur
densome, as the securing of the hemp with
which to pay for rice is becoming a heavy busi
ness. In nearly all 'our posts where the com
mander has exercised good Judgment, colonies
of natives have come In and settled and con
cluded they would set up their lares and pen
etes under our wing. These colonies differ in
strength, but in this vicinity, or b*tween the
Hlbltan and the Candara rivers, about sixteen
thousand have come in. In the interior Blanca
Aurora, Taviran, Matuguinao, Oquendo, etc.,
have their colonies. The troops we have cap
tured show that the armed forces are desert
ing and breaking away from military control
of tne Vicol leaders.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— As of interest
In connection with the report from Samar.
Adjutant General Corbin to-day made
public a report' by General Hughes to
General Chaffee. dated August 20, on the
situation in that island. General Hughes
says: • • • -
Unfavorable Condition in the Gen
eral's Jurisdiction.
HUGHES* LATEST REPORT.
Engagement of the Duke of .Norfolk.
LONDON,. Oct. 18. — It was announced
to-day that the Duke of Norfolk Is going
to marry Lady Alice Fitzwilliam, who
recently became a Catholic. . .:. . <
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 18.— The El Paso,
Pho'enlx and Southern California Railway
Company has elected the following offi
cers: President, M. H. McCord; first vice
president, J. J. Hodnett; second vice
president, J. A. Kurtz; secretary, J. B. L.
Alexander; treasurer, M.'M. Curry. These
officers constitute the board of directors.
The company will put a corps of engi
neers in the field at once.
Election of Railroad Officers.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 18.— A special
from Winnipeg says that Nicholas *Mood
Daven, a veteran journalist and former
member of Parliament, ended his life by
shooting himself this afternoon in his
room in the Clarendon Hotel. He had
been prominent in politics in the North
west for twenty years and was the author
of several books and plays. He had been
In ill health for some time.
Veteran Journalist Kills Himself.
VISALIA, Oct. 18.— The Visalia Board of
Trade has completed a, trail from Giant
Forest to Kings Canyon. 1 This trail con
nects with the Government road built thU
year and makes Visalia the nearest start
ing point to those famous summer re
sorts. It is now possible to go from this
city to Kings River Canyon in two days
and by this route the largest grove of se
quoias In the world will be passed.
Visalia Profits From New Trail.
The Manchester Shipper left Havre
France, on October 5, for Montreal;
with 213 steerage and nine saloon
passengers. She ran short of coal and
Captain Gcldsworthy decided to put into'
Sydney . fpr bunker. Low Point was
sighted at 10 o'clock last night and a f ew
minutes later Pilot Ratchford boarded
her and took her In charge. The night
was clear though raining and the differ
ent lights could easily be distinguished.
The pilot was only on board ten minutes
when -a colloquy is said to have occurred
Captain Goldsworthy said: "I am afraid
that you are getting too near the shore "
"I know what I am doing," was the
pilot's' response.
The captain again remonstrated with/
the pilot a few moments later and this
time the pilot was about to heed the cap
tain's warning, but before he could do so
the big ship was hard and fast aground
Her crew of forty-three men and all the
passengers; with one exception, are still
on board. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
HALIFAX, N. S.. Oct. 18.-On Pictres
Ledges, a mile and a half from Low
Point, on the shores of the east coast of
Cape Breton, lies the big steamer Man^
Chester Shipper of the Manchester line
She is fast aground and it will be diffi
cult to afloat her. Two tugs were unable
to budge her. Her ballast will be re
moved ai\d another attempt made at once
to get her off.
CARELESS PILOT RUNS
A BIO STEAMER AGKOUND
Refuses to Listen to Remonstrances
of Captain Until It Is Too
Late.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— Henry E.
Cooper, Territorial Secretary and for sev
eral months prior to his departure for the
United States acting Governor of Hawaii,
has discussed with Secretary of Agricul
ture Wilson the conditions in the Terri
tory. One of the main aims of Cooper's
trip here is to acquaint the administra
tion with the actual situation in Hawaii.
In his conference with Secretary Wilson
he emphasized the seriousness of the la
bor problem. The natives are dying off
rapidly, the mortality being In the neigh
borhood of forty deaths to the thousand,
and foreign laborers are getting out of the
country much .more rapidly than they are
coming in. The encouragement of Chi
nese labor, said he, is regarded as the
most promising solution, and the Territo
rial government is anxious that large
numbers of laborers shall come in from
China. The sugar cane crop that should
have been harvested at the beginning of
juiy 'he saia, is not >et oif. me iieid and
win not be harvested before next month.
The natives generally will not work. Tne
coftee industry is languishing, and many
things that snould be raised there have
to be bought outside the islands. Secre
tary Wilson informed Cooper of a report
from the superintendent of the agricul
tural station in .Honolulu showing, among
other things, that it costs $26 an acre to
fertilize the cane crop in Hawaii, and
pointed out the big farm wage which has
to be paid to farm laborers, viz., $40 a
month, including board, which Is, approx
imately, $10 more than in this country.
Cooper suggested that the average farm
wage might be even greater. '\u25a0. \u25a0
Secretary Wilson told Cooper- of the
plans the department was making for
Hawaii and said that he intended to build
up the coffee, spice and rubber and other
industries and to help to diversify the Ha
waiian Industries. No attention will be
paid to the sugar industry there, as Wil
son contends that that already Is devel
oped to the limit.- The department pur
poses, said Wilson, to make all these isl
ands within the United States raise what
ever is adaptable to them Individually and
to furnish everything that is needed
among, themselves. T • ,
Cooper called at the Interior Department
to-day and finally revised his annual re
port which he has submitted to Secretary
Hitchcock. He says all experiments have
shown that the Americans are not fluted
for labor in the islands, and that there is
nothing to do but to get' foreign labor.'
Cooper says this in nowise will affect the
labor conditions in the United States, as
the entrance of foreign labor already is
sufficiently guarded here. He
points out that' $20,000,000 worth of ma
chinery and similar supplies had to be
bought from the United States for use In
Hawaii " during the last year, I and said
that improved conditions there would ad
vance commercial conditions \u25a0 here. • He
will leave for Hawaii next Thursday. •
Officer Saves Him From Suicide.
7VALLEJO, Oct. 18.— Charles Lehan, a
sailor on the French collier Marguerite
Mollneux, tried to hang himself In the
City Prison to-day, but was J discovered
by Officer Scully, who cut him down be
fore life was. extinct. The man had writ
ten two letters, one to his father In
France and the other to the French Con
buI in San Francisco. It was on com
plaint of the captain of the. vessel that
the sailor was arrested and he was in the
City Prison awaiting trial.
Tip to 2500 men, but additional men cannot
be spared from Luzon because of the dan
ger of an outbreak on that island. In his
annual report Adjutant General Corbln
says that the force in the Philippines will
be reduced by r.ext June by 20,457 men in
consequence of the expiration of their
terms of enlistment. Troops will be sent
to the Philippines to replace these men,
and it is prooable that reinforcements
•will be dispatched in order that action
can be taken which will stamp out the
la ft vestige of the insurrection in all the
islands.
The following brief cablegram from
General Chaffee reporting the fight of the
Ninth Infantry in Snmar on Wednesday
was received at the War Department this
afternoon:
MANILA, Oct. IS.— Corbin, Adjutant General.
N'egros and Panay continue In tranquillity.
It ia my intention to leave one battalion of the
Sixth Infantry and the native battalion in Ne
gros; in Panay six companies of the Sixth In
fantry, four troops of the Tenth Cavalry and
th? <?. ,h T° n f S °. r na r tlve *- Tw ° companies of
the Sixth Infantry I expect to bring, tempo
rarily, at least, to the west coast of Cebu.
Our cause is growin? stronger with the peo
ple in Cebu, and while the outlaws there will
have to be roughly dealt with there is no doubt
that we will find much assistance from the na
tives themselves in doing so. I hope to be able
to go over there in personNby the 1st of Sep
tember and try to push matters.
In Leyte the last, surrender was that of the
chief, Pacheco. The Capille brothers are still
out, and will probably have to be .killed, but
™i,i £ ?° JL« W ",' be nec essary to / find them,
which s difficult. They have not made any
aggressive move for months.
The people of Bohol seem to be gradually
coming to the opinion that they made r a mis
take and are showing symptoms of a change of
front.
quite easy if all officers of the organizations
were present, but it Is fully appreciated that
some of the detachments are commanded by
officers who hai'e really never been snot over.
Just at this date the bulk of the rifles seem
to be in the region Just west of the" Calublgr
River. There are now five detachments in there
making it uncomfortable for the people; one on
the Pambujan, one ; on the Mondragon, two
moving east from the Upper Calarman and one
moving north from Taviran and San Enrique.
The Pambujan Mountain is the objective,
speaking generally, of all these detachments.
FIske Warren, the first man to take the
oath of allegiance required under the re
cent act of the Philippine <Sommission of
all suspects wishing to land, has been
closely identified with Sixto Lopez. Many
treasonable and inflammatory proclama
tions were found in his baggage. Regard
ing this he said he held only one copy of
each, having retained these as souvenirs.
It is known also that he was intimate
with the members of the junta in Hong
kong. He at first objected to taking the
oath, saying that he was a loyal citizen,
but he signed it when notified that on no
other condition would he be allowed to
land.
Some of his fellow passengers told Civil
Governor Taft that Warren and Lopez
shook hands and retired for consultation
upon hearing of President McKinley's aa
sasination. ' :
Governor Taft considers the action of
the commission in requiring all suspects
to swear allegiance perfectly justified.
MANILA, Oct. 18.— Five hundred bolo
men attacked a detachment of forty-six
men of the Ninth Infantry at Bangajon,
on the Candara River, island of Samar,
Wednesday, killing ten and wounding six.
The remainder of the company arrived on
the scene in time to prevent further
slaughter and routed the enemy, kiHing
over 100 of them. It is believed that the
enemy only retired for- reinforcements. As
soon as the news was received at Catba
logan gunboats were dispatched. General
Smith going in person to the scene.
Fiske "Warren, Suspect.
Washington— Forty-six men. Company E,
Ninth Regiment United States Infantry, under
First Lieutenant George W. Wallace, in Held,
Lower Candara, Samar, were attacked by\900
bolomen, October 16. Our loss ten killed, «ix
wounded; names not received. Eighty-on? x of
the enemy left dead on the field. Enemy
beaten off. CHATFEE.
Slaughtered by Bolomen.
Not Sufficient Help in
Hawaii to Harvest
the Crops.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— Postmaster
appointed: California— A. L. Taylor,
Onyx, Kern County, vice F. H. Reynolds,
resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Joseph Marchant, San Bernardino,
$10; . John M. Murphy, Coulterville, $8;
Daniel L. Tasker, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, $10; John G. Singerland, Downey,
$12; Jeremiah Donovan, Cornwall,' $10; Ju
lius C. Jacot, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $8. Widows— Willey A. Jersey, San
Jose, $8. . .
Oregon— Increase— Mark Burton, Ham
mond, $8. Original widows, etc. (War
with Spain)— Charles W. Becker (father),
$12.
Washington— Increase— Joseph Black,
Mabton, $12; Myron D. Clarke, Sunnyside,
$8. . ; -. .. :
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
SPOKANE, Oct. 18.— Miss Mary Knud
son of Moscow. Idaho, says that she ar
rayed herself in bridal robes and waited
in vain for the Rev. John W. Spencer to
coma and marry her. Her parents had
prepared a wedding supper, but their la
bor was in vain/ Spencer's father is said
to have come between the loving hearts.
To-day Miss Knudson filed a suit for $10,
100 for breach of promise. The $10,000 is
for alleged injury to feelings and the J100
for the bridal ccstume and the supper.
.Miss Knudson is the daughter of a well
known farmer. The Rev. Mr. Spencer Is
an itinerant preacher and the son of a
wealthy farmer. Mi?s Knudson says they
became engaged in the early spring. She
declares that he insisted on an early
wedding and tnat he failed to keep his
promise.
DJRIDE "WAS WAITING,
GROOM WAS MISSING
Love Affair in Idaho Ends Abruptly
Before Two Hearts Are
United.
A reception was tendered to the conven
tion delegates at Native Sons' Hall last
night by resident members of the asso
ciation. The hall was well filled, and cor
dial greetings and well wishes for the
cause were the tule.
The committee In charge consisted of
Mesdames A. R. Wood, E. O. Smith, Dor
othy Harnden, Emma Shafter Howard.
Reuben Mastick, L. XJ. McCann and
Misses Carrie A. Whelan and Clara
Schlingheyde.
During the evening there were vocal
renditions ) by Mrs. Marie C. Mead and
piano selections by other ladles. Refresh
ments, were served at the close of the
programme.
Reception to Delegates.
The holy attribute of the true woman is
motherhood, she said; were the zeal, sym
pathy and all the ennobling qualities of
true motherhood to be Injected Into pol
itics the world would be better than It is
to-day.
Mrs. Blodgett followed with the reading
of a poem and an adjournment was taken
until to-day. Addresses on "Practical
Work in Clubs" will be delivered by Mrs.
William Keith and Mrs. M: P. Peton.
Austin Lewis will speak on "Later Ten
dencies of the Woman Movement" and
Dr. Sarah Elliott will lecture on "Tho
Women of Utah."
day Judges would be elected who would
not "turn the women down."
Mrs. E. L. Smith of San Jose urged the
formation of a I »nd of 100 or 200 women
taxpayers to w rk in the tax-protest
movement. If su ha league, backed by a
few millions of capital, were to begin op
erations the demands of women would be
respected.
The matter of the formation of a league
was discussed. One delegate wanted to
know in what way capital could be effec
tive in forwarding the suffrage movement
in the courts. Mrs. Smith answered that
capital is a power even In the courts. All
men. even Judges, respect wealth and if
the interest of wealthy women Is enlisted
in the movement the woman suffrage as
pect will change materially.
One of the most thoughtful addresses of
the afternoon was delivered by Mrs. B.
Fay Mills on the subject of the new wom
an. The age demanded new women as
well as new men, she said. Tne Idea that
the new woman must necessarily sacri
fice her domesticity and womanhood by
taking up the higher thought seemed re
pugnant to the speaker. The argument
that women who pay taxes should not
vote while that privilege is granted to
male inmates of the almshouses all over
the land was ridiculous. There Is too
much nonsensical talk about the equality
of the sexes. You might as well talk aoout
: the equality of a circle and a triangle.
The only equality is in the association of
, the sexes in a common aim.
PRINCIPAL. SPEAKER AT THE
OPENING SESSION OF WOM
AN SUFFRAGE CONVENTION.
Mrs. Lucy W. McMann, an attorney of
San Jose, in 'discussing the general ques
tion of woman's said It was nec
essary for women to study the . iaws of
their State as relating to the rights and
privileges of • their sex. It too often hap
pened that women demanded the enact
ment of laws which were already on the
statute books. There was no use cutting
a pathway through a dense chaparral to
the Temple of Justice standing on the hill
when on the other side is a wide road
way already in existence. Continuing she
said:
We'll reach the temple some day, but we
won't do so unless we know more of the laws
governing our sex. The laws of this State are
fairer to women than they are to men. For
instance a woman may place a homestead upon
her husband's personal property, but the man
cannot in any way incumber his wife's personal
property. . Class legislation is unconstitutional
and if we want to win our flgrht we must take
the matter into the highest court of the land.
"We took It there once," said a dele
gate, "and the court 'turned us down.* "
Mrs. McCann replied that the judiciary
of the land was elective and that some
The afternoon session of the convention
was opened with the reading of a paper
by Dr. Alida C. Avery of San Jose. She
referred to the assassination of President
McKinley by an anarchist and said the
national cry of "Down with anarchy"
made the establishment of schools where
the right of- franchise may be truly
taught imperative. If women had the
right of suffrage much of the crime aris
ing from the misuse of the franchise
would be impossible. It was a shame, she
concluded, that women who bore their
shares of the expenses of government
should be denied the right to declare by
their, vote bow that government should
be conducted.
Mrs. A. L.. Corbert of Palo Alto followed
with an address, In which she recounted
her personal experience in woman's suf
frage clubs. She found that it was essen
tial to think of things which would give
women something to do.
Reference was made by the speaker to
the tax protest movement as growing
everywhere, and she suggested that- some
action be taken to make it a State move
ment. ,
Suffrage Would Check Crime.
The following were appointed as a com
mittee on resolutions: Mrs. William
Keith, Berkeley; Mrs. J. J. Scoville, San
Francisco: Mrs. McCowan, Ukiah, and
Mrs. L.. W. Taylor, Santa Clara,
A paper on the subject of taxation with
out representation was read by Mrs. Bes
sie Blodgett of Massachusetts. Mrs. Em
ma Shatter Howard spoke on coeducation.
Dr. Minora Ribbe reported that there
are five clubs in this city with a member
ship of HI. State Treasurer Mrs. Schling
heyde reported $101 21 In the treasury.
That part of Judge Sloss' opinion which
seemed to place women in the same cate
gory with idiots, lunatics and children
represented by guardians was vigorously
criticized by Mrs. William Keith of
Berkeley. Her remarks were warmly ap
plauded. \u25a0 "•
of officers the decision of Superior Judge
Sloss on the application of Mrs. A. A. Sar
gent to be placed on the register of vot
ers was read and discussed. Mrs. Sar
gent's suit was brought on the ground
that being a taxpayer she was In^ justice
privileged to cast her vote as a 'citizen.
Her prayer being denied by the court,
Mrs. Sargent said that the courts were in
the habit of construing the law as it suit
ed their convenience.
LABOR PROBLEM
CAUSES ANXIETY
After the consideration of the reports
_ • « ....;«»»!«» «..T-t- <*
morning. More than 200 women,
including delegates from various parts-of
the State and their sympathizers, were In
attendance. Mrs. Annie R. Wood of Ala
meda presided and Mrs. Dorothy Hamden
of this city acted as secretary.
p*Tg~=C HE State convention of the Call-
II fornia Woman Suffrage Associa
:IB tion held its opening session In
- il Native Sons' Hall . yesterday
The special train from Los Angeles was
met at the depot by the local lodge and
two brass barrrts. A procession eight
blocks in length was formed and the en
tire body of Woodmen and "Woodwomen
marched to Woodmen's Hall," where a bat
talion drill was given, which was followed
by a public reception. Vice Consul Wood
man Bartholomew .of San Diego and
Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles were the
principal speakers.
Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA. Oct. IS.— The Woodmen of
the World of Southern California held a
big celebration in this city this evening,'
delegations being present from Los An
geles, Pasadena, Whittier, Fullerton, San
Diego and many other places., The deler
gation from Lbs. Angeles was 200, strong,
headed by Mayor 'M. P. Snyder of that
city. There were five teams of- uniformed
Woodmen and representative delegations
of the Women of Woodcraft. \u25a0
Frominent Members of the Order Par
ticipate in Big Affair at
SOUTHERN WOODMEN -
HOLD A CELEBRATION
FRESNO, Oct. lS.-The event of ab
sorbing interest to-day to Odd Fellows
gathered here was the contest in the com
petitive drill of Patriarcns Militant can
tor.s and the fancy exhibition by the Ke
bekah drill corps of Stockton and i-an
Francisco. The work of the three com
peting cantons was heartily applauded.
From a military point of view the work
of the Stockton canton was nfarly perfect
and it was awarded the jlrstf prize of $200
and the presentation sword. Stockton got
655 points out of a possible fi90; San Fran
cisco's score was 615, and they won'Jli'5,
and Sacramento's score was 597, and Ihev
received $125. •
Brigadier General. M. W. Muller, Thiru
Brigade. N. G. C, and staff, and Captain
T. \\\ Sparrowe, late of the First Cali
fornia Regiment, were the judges. Cap
tain W. E. Bowman of Stockton won the
individual prize, a diamond medallion, for
being the best drilled chevalier. Checks
for $125 each were presented to the two
Rebekah drill corps. The encampment
concluded its session by holding a grind
ball in the Velodrome to-night.
Interesting Exhibition at the
Fresno Gathering 1 . -
Patriarch Militant Cantons Give at:
STOCKTON THE WINNER
AT ODD FELLOWS' DRILL
On August 12 George Barnes, aged 61
years, obtained a licvnse here to marry
Elizabeth Barnes, aged 4S years. Both
were residents of Pulo Alto. According
to the certificate filed here a few days
ago the couple were married in San Fran
cisco on October 8 by the Rev. A. H.
miggs of the Central Methodist Episco
pal Church. C. 0. Burton and Everett
R. Brent were witnesses. When the cer-
Ulicate was sent here to Recorder Owen
he noticed the marriage had taken place
outside of the county. He at once wrote
to Barnes at Falo Alto informing him
that in his opinion the marriage was. not
valid. To-day Recorder Owen received a
reply from Barnes, who stated the min
ister told him the license was good any
where in the State. He asked to have
the certificate sent him. as he wanted to
go to San Francisco and ascertain wheth
er he was. really married or not.
SAN JOSE, Oct. IS.— Through a misun
derstanding of the law Mr. and Mrs.
George Barnes of Palo Alto have been
drawn into such a matrimonial perplexity
that they do not know whether they are
married or not. This ail arises from hav
ing had the ceremony performed in an
other county lrom that in which they
were licensed to wed. "
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Wedding in This . City May
Not Have Conformed
to Statute.
Palo Alto Couple Per
plexed by County
Recorder.
Superior Judge Sloss' Decision Is § Criticized and
Tax= Protest Movement Indorsed.
LAW INTRUDES
ON MARRIAGE
WOMAN SUFFRAGISTS DISCUSS
VITAL TOPICS IN CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901.
Company E, Ninth Infantry, Attacked by Bolomen on
Samar Island===Ten Killed and Six Wounded.
FRESH DISASTER TO AMERICAN
TROOPS IN THE PHILIPPINES
Major General Chaffee sent him an ad
ditional regiment, which brought his force
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/~yf dark was a favor-
JgwL i te 'with duelists.
/%i*%c«rK~) Two men were
/*Sf^rtSf|> lo cted in a dark
BZ^^wirK 4 room an d crawled
w£S*SgttW stealthily from
fi\i vZjT^vW corner to corner,
i\ /vtC3\ until some false
)r^A(/ I \>O ) step made one of
I "TV \ / jKS/ tkcm the target
V Ar^W Jh^7 *° r b ul * et or
*f^^0* in the dart with
disease. One false step, one mistake,
and the attack comes swift and sudden.
The mistake* which commonly opens the
way for an attack by disease is neglect
of the 6yxaptoms of stomach trouble.
When eating i* followed by undue full-
ness, belchiags, sour or bitter risings,
etc, disease is attacking the stomach.
The best way to frustrate such an at-
tack is to use Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery. It cures diseases of the
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition, and makes the body
6trong and healthy.
« I was suffering- verv much with my head and
stomach." writes Mrs. W. C Gill, of Weldoa.
fcnclbr Co., AU.. "bead wa» to dizzy when I
would raise up in bed would fall right back.
Could eat but very little, in fact scarcely any-
thing, there seemed to be a heavy weight in my
stomach so I could not rest; I had to belch very
often and would vomit up nearly everything I
Bit. I was ia a bad condition. I took four bot-
tle* of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
and five of his * Favorite Prescription ' and am
now \u25a0well and hearty. I feel like a new woman
and rive Dr. Pierce's medicines credit for it all.
X had taken medicine from physicians without
any benefit as I could see."
J Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
• Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
* to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. ;
• .. ; " " '.-\u25a0•; :\u25a0\u25a0 "' " ' Ape the Best You Ever Heard,
28 O'FARRELL. ST.Tell a boy to do as he pleases and he
will do it without a murmur.
LONDON,. Oct. IS.— Lord Harwood's
Minsted won the Middle Park handicap,
the blue ribbon of the two-year-olds, at
Newmarket to-day. R. - Forrast Tod's
Czardas was second and J. Port
blaire. ridden by Clem Jenkins, third.
Crown Equerry, ridden by Jenkins, won
a mile selling 1 stake.
Minsted Wins at Newmarket.
Racing at St. I>ouis.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. IS.— Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Ed It won, Tenny - Belle second, Sam Lazarus
third. Time, 1:CD.
Second race, six furlongs— Orleans won, Hilee
second. Salve third. Time, 1:15.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Brulare won, Kindred second, Tremar third.
Time. .1:21%.
Fourth race, one mile, purse— Huntresso won.
Jordan second, Meditation third. Time. 1:43%.
Fifth race,, one miln and seventy yards, purse
— Lunar won. Wax Tat>«r second, Albert F.
Dewey third. Time,. 1:47.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Eleven Bells
won, Omelia second, Tickfui third. Time, 1:43V£.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1?.— Worth summary: * •
First race, five, and a half furlongs — Little
Scout won. Throstle second, Rag Taj ' third.
Time, 1:07 3-5. ; • ~ \u25a0 • *
Second race, one mile, and.- «. sixteenth—Princ*
Blazes won, -Miss Liza second. El- Ghor third.
Time. 1:49 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs— Money Muss won,
Sevoy second. Gonfalon third. Time. 1:14 1-5.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth. Worth Fall
special — Denman Thompson won, Argregor sec
ond, St. Marcos third. Time, 1:4S 4-5. -,
Fifth race, mile and an eighth—Hermencia
won, MacGyle second, Jessie Jarboe third.
Time, 1:55 4-5. •
Sixth race, seven furlongs — B. G. Fox won,
Oliver Me second, Andes third. Time, 1:29.
Burlingame put a crimp in the pockets
of the bookmakers the latter will not
soon forget by winning the three running
races in a trio of hair-raising finishes. He
was not on the best horses, but simply
outrode the other boys from two to four
lengths ond nosed them out of the money.
As all his mounts were heavily played the
bookies cuit big losers on the day.
Howard took the first one and Pilot,
which had already won two races this
week, landed the mile, while Game- War
den had the shortest kind of a nose over
Mike' Rice in the seven-furlong scramble.
Summary:
Trotting— 2 :24 class! -
Marlln Carter's Verona, b. m.. Xut
wood Wilkes by California Nutwood
(P. W. Hodges) 112 1
Lady Granard (P. Foley) 2 2 12
Cyclone (F. Haney) 3 3 3 3
Junio (J. L.. O'Neill).. Dlst
Snider (F. Talmadge)... , Dlst
Time-2:33, 2:30, 2:23, 2:27.
Pacing— 2:12 class.
C. W. "VVhiteheart's Toppy, ch. g-., Del
phi by Dexter Prince (C. Whitehead).. Ill
Gaff Topsail (J. L,. Smith) 2 3 2
Harry J (C. Wheeler).... 3 2 3
Our Boy's Sister (C. E. Bunch) Dlst
Time— 2:17, 2:13»£. 2:16%.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— R. E.
Dolan's Howard, ch. g.. Tyrant-Mayette (Bur
lingame), won; Limber Jim (Hobart), second;
Miss Dividend (See), third. Time, 1:09. Little
Sister. Ellis Glenn and Jim Brownell also ran.
One mile, selling— B. F. Hobart's Pilot, b. g..
Morello-Adelaide (Burlingame), won; Bob Pal
mer (See), second; Kastaine (Tullett), third.!
Time, 1:42^. Roulette 'Wheel' also ran.
Seven furlongs— C." Murray's Game Warden,
b. g.. Take Notice-The Teal' (Burlingame).
won; Mike Rice (See), second: Fsvorito (Fogg),
third. Time, 1:28. Lode Star, W J B and
Master Lee also ran. - ,
Verona, a three-year-old Nutwood-
Wilkes mare, showed her gameness by
going four heats and standing three hard
drives in the stretch. It was her first
start and she acted well.
STOCKTON. Oct. lS.-Toppy.- the Stockr
ton horse, won the 2:12 pace off the'.' reel
this afternoon and made the largest
crowd that has attended the races happy.
The sports who wanted to back nim were
greatly disappointed to find that the books
barred him in the letting and they could
not get down on the chestnut, gelding.
The local horse had to extend himself in
the second heat, as Harry J. went after
him all the way. In the stretch Wheeler
made a fine drive and almost. won the
heat, the two passing under the wire like
a double .team. Toppy had a short nose
the best of it. In this heat the fastest
mile of the meet was made.
Burlingame Finishes First
on Three Outside
Chances.
Wins the Pace at Stock
ton Cleverly in Fast
Time.
TOPPY BARRED
IN THE BETTING
JOLIET, 111., Oct. 18.-The chief interest
in' the automobile tournament to-day cen
tered in the road race from Chicago to
Joliet. The first to arrive were Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Burdett of the Chicago Ath
letic Club. They made the run ' of forty
four .mites in 1;49:1S. W. . B. Smith was
second and Charles Howard third. "
Automobile Racing.
Olympic Club Outside Grounds.
The directors of the Olympic' Athletic
Club ( are still seeking suitable outside
grounds. A committee, consisting of John
Elliott, George James and H. R. Mann,
was appointed at a meeting last night to
Inspect a new site. This is on the Oak
land estuary, northwest of Park street,
and belongs to the Pacific Improvement
Company. Negotiations for a portion of
the Cohen property, Alameda, have been
abandoned. - .
Fifty members of the club will enjoy a
tramp in Marin County to-morrow under
the leadership of Captain George James.
They "will start for Mill Valley on the
8 a. m. boat and will walk to Ross Valley.
The light-running "Domestic" received
highest award at Fan-American .Exposi
tion for "Best Family Sewing Machine.'.'*
2:12 class trot., purse S100O— Red ' Princess won
the fourth, fifth and sixth heats In 2:15, 2:17 1 / 4,
2:18^. David Harum won the Btcond and third
heats in 2:13%, 2:15. Henrietta won the first heat
In 2:14',4. William Tell. Happy Jack. Black
Beauty, Betsy Tell and 1 King's Clerk also
started.
LEXINGTON., Ky.,- Oct.- 18— Summary: r
2:38 class trot, purse J10OO (unfinished from
Thursday) —Colonel Cochran won the fifth, sixth
and seventh heats in 2:14, 2:17%, 2:15. Una
Belle won the. third and fourth. heats in 2:18»i,
2:1314-' AHce^Car won the' first heat in 2:16>i.
Galbeter won the second heat, In 2:16»,4. Marion
Wilkes, J. R. H, King Humbert and Neighbor
Girl also started; •-.-.-•; ' . -
2:10 class • trot, purse $1500— Chain Shot won in
three straight heats. Time. 2:11. 2:10%, 2:11%.
JaniQe and Toggles also started, j . ,,.»..>» 4 .;
THe Lexington, trotting,' for two-year-old?,
$200ft— Prelatess won two straight heats in 2:29'/.,
2:m». Hattie Smith also started.
Prelatess Wins the Lexington.
'In the. other^ half of- the semi-finals
Charles H. Seeley of the Weeburn Golf
Club. \ttie, Connecticut State champion. 1 de
feated Louis Livingston Jr. of West
brook, the home champion, by 2 up.
NEW YORK, Oct.' 18.— Walter J. Travis,
the amateur golf champion, once more
demonstrated - to-day at the "Westbrook
Golf Club that he was on the top of his
game. His opponent in the semi-finals
was John M. -Ward of the Fox. Hill Club,
formerly famous in professional baseball.
They halved their holes, then Ward by a
lucky drive stole the fourth hole of 145
yards in two to four. This aroused Travis
and to the end he played out in nearly an
average of fours! - Travis won by 6 up and
4 to play. The cards were: ,W. J. Travis—
Oat 43, in '24-63. J.,,M. Ward-Out 45, in
24—69. ". ' \u25a0\u25a0 «\u25a0
Travis Defeats Ward at Golf.
The football elevens of Lowell and Lick
High school3.will meet, this morning at 10
o'clock on the Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds. The game is one of !the
series for the Academic Athletic • League
championship. Lowell "played • the best
game of . the season recently with St.
Matthew's eleven, winning- by a score of
19 to 0. The playing of Hamilton was es
pecially meritorious. Lick's eleven has
not neglected any opportunities for prac
tice and is expected to put up a stubborn
contest. • Each team has won all its games
this season up to. the present time.
Lowell to Play Lick School.
Probably the cleverest \ sketch of the
personal traits ' of J. Pierpont Morgan as
he has appeared in his- present visit to
the West has been written for this week's
News I^etter' by Morrison Pixley. The
featured editorial of this week is a some
what sensational expose of the real ex
tent of gambling as it is carried on ..in
San Francisco. This article is entitled
"How San Francisco's Tiger Is Fed," and
is well worth reading. The Town Crier
has : trumped- up a lampoon municipal
ticket which he has labeled "The Anarch
ists' Ticket" and filled with some very in
congruous candidates. The columns of
Lady Algy, Mrs. Chauncey de Wit and
the Looker .On are, as usual, splendid de
partments, and the editorial, and .critical
discussion is scholarly and timely. " •, .
To-Day's News Letter.
Owing to the buildings recently erected
on the Fort Baker reservation by the
United States Government it has been
necessary for the Sausalito Golf Club. to
lay out some of the holes of its course
afresh. The new course and also the club
house will be formally opened this after
noon. There will be a reception to mem
bers and their friends and also competi
tions in driving and putting for ladies and
men, three prizes having been offered to
the winners. •>-..
On the Adams Point links, Oakland, the
opening match-play round of the competi
tion for the Captain's cup, will be played
this afternoon, the following having qual
ified last Saturday: E. R. Folger, R. M.
Fitzgerald, F. S. Stratton, A. H. Higgins,
C. Belden, C. R. Winslow, T. R. Hutchln
son "and W. P. Johnson.
Opened To-Day With Reception
and Contests. -.
New Clubhouse at Sausalito Will Be
GOLFERS ON OAKLAND
• AND FORT BAKER' LINKS
The John Grace challenge cup stake
for greyhounds, the most important
coursing event .of the kind decided in
America, will be run to-day and to-mor
row at TJnion Coursing Park.
The fastest greyhounds in the country
will be among the starters. Of the forty
eight dogs entered Palo Alto, Beacon and
Rector are the best on public form. In the
drawing for positions these three are so
placed, by chance, that they cannot meet
until the next to the last course if they
are returned winners up to that time. The
hares are said to be a strong lot, and the
fleetest dog may have his chances spoiled
by a long course early in' the stake. . •
One round of a thirty-two-dog special
stake will be run this morning. The aft
ernoon will be given over to the first
roun£ of the oup stake. In addition to
the remaining rounds of both these stakes
to-morrow there will be a consolation
stake for the dogs beaten in the first
round of the cup stake to-day. The prob
able winners to-day look to be: Ireland,
Wedgewood, Homer Boy, Dewdrop, War
Eagle. Beacon, Vandal, Narcissus. Char
ta, Nora, Herschel's Pride, Flying Fox,
Aeolus, Game Boy, Sisquoc, Palo Alto,
Chicago Boy, Roman Athlete, Freeze Out,
Luxor, Tralee Boy, Anchor, Rector and
Warship. .
Selects Him to Win the
John Grace Cup
Stake..
The California Yacht Club will give the
closing entertainment of the season in its
clubhouse on Oakland Creek to-night.
To-morrow the Calif ornias wtfl take. a.
closing cruise, and the Corinthians and
San Franciscos will- sail in company for
the last time during the present year.'
To-day marks the beginning of the end
of the yachting season of 1901. After the
arrival at Tiburon of the 6:30 boat from
the city a supper of chowder, beans and
accompaniments will be served in the Cor
inthian Yacht Club house under the direc
tion of Port Captain John H. Keef e.
prince of caterers and good fellows. After
supper the company will move up to the
lerge hall, where an entertainment will
be given under the management of a com
mittee consisting of E. F. Sagar, chair
man; Frank W. Thompson. Walter Howe,
E. J. Angelo, L. Harris and J. V. O'Brien.
Most of the well-known singers and spe
cialists whose services are freely given to
the club will be on hand with a repertoire
of good things, new and old, among them
being Ossie Frank. Cathcart and Ryan.
Clarence Wendell, Eugene Beauce, George
McBride, Dr. T. L. Hill, Frank W.
Thompson, Charles Kelly, flautist, and
the Corinthian quartet, made up of E. F.
Sagar. Frank W. Thompson, Walter Howo
and E. J. Angelo. Signor Abramoff, D. W.
McLaughlin, Pete Sloan and Dave Finney
have also been asked to lend their valu
able aid.
to Hold Closing Entertainments
of the Season To-Night.
Corinthian and California Yachtsmen
TALENT FAVORS
FAST PALO ALTO
guard, age tO, weight 185. \u25a0 Center and guard for
two years at Qakland High School. Gastrich.
right tackle, age 2t. weight 174. Fullback for
William H. Hazell chairman, J. M. Hanley
vice chairman, Abraham Mayer secretary, H.
Levlson treasurer, H. C. Hasselback. M. H.
Squires and D. F. Nunan trustees. The com
mittee of arrangements and the parlors to
which they belong are as follows: M. Joseph
son, Presidio, chairman: R. H. Turner. Mis
sion; H. Scheper, Sequoia; J. E. Brltt Jr., El
Dorado; A. S.- Mazzini. San Francisco; M. C.
Hasselback, Sequoia; J. S. Earls,. Precita; D.
F. N'unan. National: P. L. Badt, Army and
Navy; J. Oswald, Presidio; J. J. Handley,
Rincon. The committee on programme con
sists of A. Rahwyler, Alcalde, chairman; Dr.
A. A. Drossel. Yerba Buena; II. Lichtenstein,
Alcatraz: H. Levison, Bay City, and J. J.
Burke. South San Francisco. The committee
on printing is made up of J. H. Roxburgh,
Hesperian, chairman: A. Mocker,- Olympic, and
W. F. Tillman, Precita. The members of the
committen on press and '.'advertising^ are E/ J.
Lynch. Pacific, \u25a0 chairman; . J. J. -Newbarth..
California, and A. .- J. > Zollver. Dolorest The
committee on finance and auditing is made: up
of M. H. Hernan, Niantic, chairman; J. M.
Hanley; Precita, and Abraham May«r,. Call-,
fornia.
In addition to aquatic events, such as
swimming, diving, canoe racing and fancy
sculling, there will be wrestling, boxing
and pyramid-building by the members of
the German turning clubs, and a per
formance by members of the Olympic
Club. The holders of the boxing cham
pionships in every class have promised to
take part. Eddie Hanlon of the Ariel
Rowing Club, champion bantam-weight,
wtll spar with . Tom Gilf eather of the
South End Rowing Club; J. Britt of the
Olympic Club, champion lightweight, will
box with W. J. Leonard of the same club.
Harry Foley, Ariel Rowing Club, cham
pion middle-weight, is matched against
Clem Millward. champion * light heavy
weight of the Olympic Club. J. S. Earls.
J. M. Farrell and Frank Coney of the
Dolphins will take part in a canoe race.
Alex W. Pape, champion sculler of the
Pacific Coast, will give an exhibition of
trick' sculling.
The officers of the board of relief of the
Native Sons are:
A large and varied programme will_ be
given to-morrow afternoon at ".Sutro
Baths in aid of the relief fund of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West. tThe enter
tainment will begin at noon and will con
tinue until 6 p. m. The following clubs
and societies will be represented by their
best i>erformers: . . - - '\<r
The Olympic Athletic Club, • San Francisco
Turn Vereln. Verein Eintracht, Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club, Lurline -Swimming.
Club. Sutro Baths Swimming Club, Ariel and
South End Rowing Clubs,' and the Reliance
Athletic Club.
Grand Aquatic and Athletic Enter
tainment at Sutro Baths in Aid
of Relief Fund. '
WILL SWIM AND DIVE
FOR NATIVE SONS
guard for one year at Peralta Hall. Heitmul
ler. right guard, age 19. weight 172. Tackle for
two years at Lick High School. Stroud, left
LOS-AXGELES, Oct. lg.— Ability to hit
the ball -won the game for San Francisco
to-day. Jones was taken out of the'bo^
in the sixth inning and H. Hartwell sub
stituted, with little success. Darkness
f toppwt-rtie-gainnmh-e-firtt half of the
eighth inning.. the. score reverting to. the
seventh. Home runs by Krug and House
holaer were the only features of the game
a long drawn-out one. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB PO A V
Kemphm. If 4 1 i o « " t 6
Reitz, 2b 2 1 o 0 3 3 n
Householder, cf..... 4 2 2 0 Son
Atherton. rf 3 0 1 0 1 1 o
Kihm, lb ;.j i o 1 5 C o
Hall, e.» , 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
<:. Reilly. Sb 3 0 0 0 0 o i
SP'es. e 2 0 2 15 10
J°nes. p 1 o 0 0 0 lo
Hartwell, p o 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 24 5 6 2 21 ~7 ~i
EAJf FRANCISCO.
„ . ' , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
r*.onlyke. cf 3 10 0 4 0 0
THison, c 4 0 0 0 3 10
Hildebrand, If 4 2 2 0 1 o 0
Schwartz, rf 3 2 * o 0 0 0
Pabst. lb 4 3 3 0 6 0 0
Krug, 2b 4 13 0 2 2 0
Shay. r.s. ..?..: 3 0 l o 3 .1 i
J. Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 10 0
Iburg. p 4 0 10 14 0
Totals ...X.: 33 8 12 0 21 10 "l
RVXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Lcs Asgeles 0 0 0 2 3 0 0—5
Ease hits 0 0 12 2 0 1—6
Can Francisco 0 2 0 2 2 0 3—9
\u25a0*»« nits 0 2 0 4 2 1 3—13
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones E. Iburg 3. Home
runs — Householder. Krug. Three-base hit
Pabst. Two-Case hits— Shay, Hildebrand.
Sacrifice hite— Jones, Hartwell. Double plcy—
fihay to Krug. Struck out by. Jones— Iburg
and J. Reilly; by Iburg— Hemphill. C. Reilly
• twice*. Bases on balls— Oft Jones 1, oft Hart-
Tvell 1. off Iburg 5. Hit by pitched ball—
Reitz. Shay. Left on bases— Los Angeles 1
San Francisco «. Time of game— 2 hours and
h minutes. (Called In first half of eighth on
account of darkness, score reverting to sev
enth.) Umpire— Levy.
TTnrfe's Men Win in the South.
WILL-MAKE MERRY IN
TIBUKON CLUBHOUS£
two years at Los Angeles Normal. Wilson, left
tackle, age--21, weight 160. Tackle for three
years in Porterville "High' School. Derheritt,
; right, end, afee 1?, weight- 148.. End for , two
years in Berkeley High School. Gage, left end.
age 20. weight. 142. , End for two years in
Boone's- Academy. Saeltzer,' captain and quar
ter-back, age 21, weight 135. -" Half for one year
in Belmont •. School and one. year in Berkeley
High. School-. Risley, .left half,; age 2.0. weight
155; Half'fpr three years in : >Fresno High School.
Kelsey.- right half, age 21', 'weight 154.\- Fullback
for one year in LJck High School. Bush, full
back, age 20,. weight 155. Half for three years
in Fresno •High School.: . , . .,
'Dr. ;Frank Simpson. California's coach,
says regarding- the game: : , ,\u25a0 .: . •;.
..You" can ; never "foretell -.the . outcome of a
freshman game. California has an even chance
.to win.. ;-We do, not expect our freshmen to-be
badly -rattled,, as' the positions -which require
headwork'are. filled -by experienced men. Ag
gressiveness^ and determination ; are' what we
want in- the, men right from the start.
, L. A.- Womble, captain -'; of the big
r eleven, says: . • \u25a0• ,' , L\;. •. ,"" v -.
; * -'The 1 ' team, though not overburdened with
weight, has the latent qualities of spirit, de
- termination and aggressiveness, which, together
with a fair • defense, should enable them to
score.
James Hopper, assistant coach, says:.
From' the preliminary scores I think.Califor
nia is stronger on the defensive and weaker on
t)>e offensive play than Stanford. The. game
will undoubtedly be loosely played, offering
many chances to score, arid the team which
takes advantage of these chances will win .the
game. '\u25a0--.... • • fj ; \u25a0:\u25a0;\u25a0/;';;\u25a0•"
: jThe teams-will line up; \u25a0 ;^ *-J.! r,
1 Berkeley. '' - '- :-.\u25a0\u25a0!' Position. ~? \u25a0 - "'Stanford. 1
Gage.'....^ '...... L.^-B.— R..B6ylesor Kehrieiii
Wilson........ Lr.— T.— R. E. Stillman
Stroud :..... L..—G.—R Monzlngo
Burlte Center R. C. Nissen
Heitmuller R.— G.— L, Van Sickel
Gastrich R.— T.— Li. P. Tarpey
Demerit!..... ' R.-E.-L .J. Sefton
Saeltzer....: ..Quarter '..W. Taylor
Rtiley L,.— H. B.-R...-....M.^Bartell
Kelsey..... ..R.— H. B.— L........P. Tarpey
Bush Full W. Dole
•CAPTAINS. OF RIVAL,' \u25a0FRESHMEN
\u25a0 "FOOTBALL '; ELEVENS .,•• WHICH
...PLAY HERE TO-DAY.
annual championship contest this j.'
afternoon at 3 o'clock on the Sixteenth •
and Folsom streets grounds. From pre
liminary games played it vis difficult to i
form a comparison of the 'teams' ability..
This has ever been the case in freshman
games. It has required the actual con
test to prove which is the better team
and to develop their weak points. \J ':.-. .
The men who will compose'the Califor- ; .
nia team, their age, weight and experi
ence, fellow :
Burke, center, age IS, weight, 170. Played
THE freshman football eleven of '
the University of California will ;
meet the freshman team from
Stanford University in the eighth \
In the.elauh Hamilton, the recruit from
the amaietir ranks, "made good." With
Eabbitt on; second he made a clean two
fcagger. scaring Babbitt. \u25a0' /. \u25a0 '
In this inning Mohler made a sensation
al play, stealing tecond while Pitcher
Doyle held the ball. Mohler hit a hisrh
bounding ball, which was difficult to Hela.
and reached first. He played well off the
base, andi as Doyle turned his back to
pitch Mohler started for second. In ttie
excitement Doyle threw low and Mohlar.
was safe. |
Mohler- iicored the first run for Oaklana
in the third inning. He was cafe at first
on a high throw by Shoru=tor> Devereau",
ftole second, and came home on Dun
leavy'e two-bagger, Dunleavy scored on
an overthrow to first to catch Eagan.
The Oakland batters fell on Doyle's de
livery for* a total of thirteen hits. Four
of these <Jame in the ninth inning. Dun
leavy senVvthe ball over the centerfiekl
fence, the'most direct line out of the litld.
for a home run. This scored Mohler from
second baee. Streib followed with a three
fcagger. and scored on Eagan's bunted
ball. This was fielded to Sullivan.- who
missed it." Eagan made second en -tlie
play.
Cal Ew&ig'e team of. cripples from/Oak
land defeated Sacramento handily yefeter
day at Recreation Park, by a score of 6
to 3. Sacramento scored all its runs in
the ninth' inning.
In Sacramento's last time at bat Court
ney hit for two bags, and \ra-s followed by
Hofer with the mate to it, scoring Court-'
ney. Hofer came home on, Da vis' hit to
deep center. Davis scored on Doyle's safe
hit. The side was retired ' before any
more damage was done. ..Trie score:
. OAKLAND, .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mchler, 2b ...3 2*2- 311 0
Dunleavy. 3b ..5 1' \u25a0 S "0 0 -'\u25a03 0
Etreib. r. f. : 5' 1. ;i2 \i-X\. 1 -0 0
Eagan, lo -5 0 : 2. 0 SI 0.
Drennan. c. f 5 0-- 1 .\u25a0••.o-*-:.4- • 0 0
Babbitt «s..... 5 I 2." 0 6.. 5/1
Hamilton, I. f 4 0 • 1 * t» \u25a0' Z . 0 0
Hanson, c 4 0 10 3 '0 0
Hodson. p 4 0 0 0 11 0
Totals ...40 6 13 3 27 10 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b 4 0 10 3 2 0
Sheehan. 3b ...3 0 0- 0 2 5 1
Sullivan, c 4 0 O 0 3 1 0
Courtney, c. f 3 1 2 1 1 0 0
Hofer.'r. f \u2666 1 2 .0 10 1
Davis. 1b 4 11 0 S 0 1
McLaughlin. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 ft-" 0
E>evereaux. es 4 0 0 0 7 S 1
Dcyle, p 4 0 2 0 0 "' 1 0
Totals 34 3 S 1 .27 12 4
RfXS AND HITS BY IN.NIXGS. "
Oakland'..*. 0 0 2 0 0 10 0 3—6
Base hits 1 2 2 0 0 2 11 4—13
Sacramento 0 0 0 O'O.O 0 0 3—3
Base' hits. 10 0 1 0.1 T 0 14—8
SUMMARY. *.
Runs responsible for— Hodson Z, Poyle 6
Home run— Dunleavy. Thrpe-base hit— Streib.
T»-o-base hits— DunlcaA-j-. Courtney. Hamilton,
t'rennan. Hofer. Davis. Sac'rinqe hit— Sheehan
First base.cn errors— Oakland 2. First base on
called ballp-«akland 2. Sacramento 1 Left on
bases— Oakland &. Sacramento' !-' Struck out—
By Hodecvn 2. by Poyle 2. Time of gapie— 1:50.
u mpire— Harrier. Official scorer— McFarlin.
One Home- Run and a Three-
Bagger OUnch' the •;•_'._
I 'Victory/ k :^\.!
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
1594. .....J California 6, Stanford 0
l«85 ; California 44, Stanford 0
!£'6:..\.. California. 4. Stanford .14
1697.,.--.. ~ California '?, Stanford -16
1S88... "..-....... -.California 21., Stanford, 0
18P9...- ; California 0. . Stanford " 6
1900... V. California 0. Stanford 6
\u25a0 ./.\u25a0\u25a0 - . \u25a0 \u25a0 . ... • - v
Batters Straighten - Out
Pitcher j)pyje' s^ __ %
Curves. % '
First of the Contests Betweeri^the Fc^^ail \u25a0Eleven^
Representing Stanford and Berkeley. '
OAKLAND WINS
IN THE NINTH
FRESHMAN TEAM5 WILL PLAY
ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 15W1.
4
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^^ i
Very sacall and as easy
to take as sugar.
qFF lnADTTtfcl F0RHEADACHL SEE
bbb CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
GENUINE Wivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PIS IS FOR C0NS7IPAT10W,
U/D'ADDCD I JH FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
WRAPPER iS^sM iroRTHEcoMFLExioM VYiiArrtK
"FRIKTTEID Q3ST- K.E33D PAPER."
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FULLY SoNSTRATir
Maft Breakfast Fnbd
The Only True Health Food.
Food) experts and analysts have -fully
demonstrated that the great majority of
prepared breakfast foods are f.ot up to
the proper standard of purity. Such foods
hamper digestion and give rise to many
serious ftomach derangements.
Malt, Breakfast Food is a natural food
producing: natural conditions. It increases
and maintains digestive energy; its free-
dom from insoluble starch and irritating
properties enables it to restore and rebuild
the weak and overworked .stomach, s-o
that this organ can do its proper work.
Malt Breakfast Food gives more true bod-
ily nourishment in one meal than all other
combined foods. A. single package tested
in your home will make it a permanent
friend. At all grocers.
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
lm$Em QF ANATOMY.?
0 CB lZ:iVilZZ7Zl.lt\.C±t7±,Z.TXil,i
\ .Cf The Larjr«t Anatomical Museum in the" \
A cx\- m ._ World. Weaknesses or any cvatnata a
©\u25a0 Si I 1 *' 1 " on th « Coast. E*t. 36 years <5
A vgjfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN /)
\ ftSl^H Ccnsultstion free Jnd stri'.tly privite. \
M , yStfrH Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ I ' BT tI H • / **°* e Cu« m ererycaie undertaken. T
A r tl A Write for Book. PBILOSiUPHV of A
f • H Ml 1HARKIAGK. MAILED FREE. ( Af
/ t* cl- valuable book for mrn) \
V nn. JOBDAS A CO.. 1051 Market St..S. P. V
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tratnt \u25a0•!»»• »«•• »»«•« •«•••• *•» »«'»• ••
man »'K.«:v«:iMro. .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
X.CAVB ' — TltOM OCTOBBB 8. 1901. — AltMT»
7:0O\ Benicia, Suiaau. Elmira »nd 3acr»-
uienr.o «iS*r
7:004 Vac»»Ule. Winter*. Kemsey 7:33p
;:2I)a M arti i: ez, S»u Uaiuon, VaUejo. N«pa.
Calist^g* and Santa Hua»/. «!33p
S:O»A Davis, Woodlaud. Knignts Landing,
Mar j»Tille. uro»illo .I.«
§:00a Atlantic Kxpress-Ogdou and East »f : *'P
»:««a Xiles. L»throp, Stockton............ *\u25a0— »F
S:»OiXUes, Mendot*. Hanford. \ia»li«.
PoiterriUo --•• «»»3»
9:3Oa Sh»sU Express-Datis, Willianu (for
Bartlett Springs). Wiiiow*. Red
Bluff, Portland... " 7:3^f
•i»o« S»n Jute, Ll»eimore, Skocll *< > , 11 '
Iou«. .Saciameuto. Placenill*.
M..r>»»i:i^. Cbtco, i:a.\r f 1utT I 1 ?,'
.!»:*«>,» OakcUle,Chine»e,SonorCJarters... *-**T
OiO«>* Hajward. Kilemud Way Statiom.. J' ! "*
»:u«a Vaiiejo ;;••_:;•••• laj * 5 '
UsOOa Los Anceles Eiv">» — Wartlnei,
Tracy, t^tlirop. Stockton, Meieed
Fresno and Los Angeles J ; * J*
BiSOa Vallujii. Mwtfnw »m» Way SUtiom 7i3or
IU:Oua Tho UrerUnd Limited— Ogdeo, Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago »f'22
tl:«<OpS»crainsiit<> ltl»ec 8ie«i»«w '2 s ??*
3:3rtp Jlajward, H»<-t aiMl Way Station*.- 7:»3»
4:«M»p Keuicia, Winters, Sacramento,
WiMilIaml. KniKiits Lauding.
MMrjs»il!r, <)ro»lll»... 10:33a
4i«Wp Mai tine*. Han Kainoi.. Vallejo. _
N»l>a. »:Htln».o({a. Saiit* Ito^a »•»."»*
4i«Or Ni^ LlTermore, Stockton. Lodi... la.as*
4t»«>r Hayward.Mles, Han .lose. Liwrmore t»:J»«»*
4::n>p Fort Cos a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton l«:a»A
S:OUr Tlie Owl Limited— Kreouo. Tolax*.
. BakeraSeltl. Sangiia for Sau»« Bar-
bara, Los AuKeles •' »:aa*
B:oor Martin- z. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
eed, Freano 12:23»
3>3<»F Now Orleaaa Exprw>»— Maadota.
Fresco, Bakersbeid. Los Angeles.
DcmiD?, £1 Fuo. New Qileans
and E»»t WJ*
(s«Or Haynard. Nile* and Sau Joss 7:35*
i»!©»r V»ll«j. 11:25*
tttOttr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicsgu l»:23p
OiOOr Oriental Wail— Ogden, Dearer.
81 Lonis. Chicago. 4:23F
1:UUr Oregon aud OalifomU Ksi>i»ra.M*o-
! n.l... Marjniiil-. licddliiK.
r.,rUii.i.l, Tuget ShiiixI ami Ka«k S:S3a
SHi-lpSan Pablo. Pi>rk Costa, Mattices
ai.rl Way .Stations 11:23*
t*iO.1p Vallrj>. ?:.Wf
COAST LINE (N.rrow «.an S e).
Q'oot o( Miirkct Street.)
*ill»ANew»xk,C'!iite»»lll«v s iaii.l.)se. Kdf.nn.
llotllder Orvek.Saiita Oiux and Wajr
fitasioi.s a;3O»
t*>l3r Newark, Ceuler»illc. Ban .lose, Nnxr
Almiiiieu, Foitou. lloulder Creek,
SanU ('rui and 1'rlneipal Wai
Stations !«..\u25a0»•»*
<:l.1p Se»ark, .S»u .loss, I jw Gatoa tS:3«»*
o9.3i>p Hanten" Train— San Jess and Way
Stationii 17.3Of
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Pram Sil fBiSCISCO— foo\ at M»rt»t Street (Slip g>—
t<:15 U.OO 11:001. M. 1:C9 3:U 3:lSi'.w.
rt.mOUU!»S_r(nl.-UM»J««j.— fihUO Jd.OO 13:05
10.00 »..!. 12:03 2.03 i:C3r.M.
' COAST lilNE (Kroa.f <a» S e).
(Thin) and Towiiseinl tits.)
«:!«.» SJanJoea and W*y .-tations «:U«p
7>«O* Sa» Job. »n.l \V»» Stations «=:•»*
/7:««A New A|inad»n / 4sl«F
HiOOa Nau .Jose. Tre» linos. M»nl* Cm*,
r»i'iiic Uiovk, tialiiias, fan LnU
Obispo. 8anta Barbara and Prin-
cipal interme«li«to!*t»ti«ii« ':->3?
1O:UOa San Jeas and Way siU> ions 4:1»?
lltS«A «»n .liw« H.id Whjt KUUmia 3i:top
ia-.l.%pSin Matro. Ueilirnoil. Menlo Park.
Palo AUo.hant:i«J!ara. .HanJi.se.
Ties Pinos, Simla f'fiw.. Salinas.
Monterey htm! t*»cilic tiroTu |IO:43»
*t:t«»r San .lose and Way SUtiona. 6:3O\
t«jl!ip San Jiiseaml Principal Way Stations »:!•>.*
t<>:09rSan Jose. I.on Gatoa aud Principal
Way Stations -fOtOO*
5:30 r 3an Jose ami Principal W ay Station* S:.16a
dour Kedwoad. San Jos«. Gilroy. Salinas.
Santa Barbara. Lo* Ang«lea 10:03*
B:aop San Joss ami Way Stations t*» :#M »A
gll»43r>3an Joiw »i»> Way Stations 6:3Oy
A for Morning. r fc>r -A ftemoon.
t Sunday exeepted. I Sunday only.
a Saturday only. rridajm^
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTEfiN £L Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F«rry, F««i «f mmrtuk CX
San Francisco to Stm Rafae?.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 3:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tnp-
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:jo
and 11:39 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. \u25a0
WEEK DXYS^IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
. S:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at l:ii
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:W, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:03. 6:25 p. in.
Leave .1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.. 1 April 2$. 1301.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I '"' I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination, f days. | Days.
7:30am S:0Oam| Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am.
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaiuma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ar.x
6:10 pm 5:00 pm[ Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:20pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburgr. 10:40 am
Lytton.
GeyservUle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 aml0:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:C0am| and Ukiah. [ 7:3jpmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am • • [10:40 am'10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | | g;20 pin
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami [10:40 am[10:23 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:a pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
;Oeyserville for Skajga Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hcpland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Barttett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
hprings. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley"s. - Bucknctl'*.
Sanhedrin Heights. HtillvMey Orr'a -Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. Wllllts." Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka. />.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
riOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausaiito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Tut, Su Tn a -!i« to Summit ud Bem™. Jl 9ft.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
\ 629 HEARST ST. £stabllshed .
\in 1834 for the treatment of f"r!v»t»
7 Diseases. I>o«t Manbood. Debility er
a<llM»ns>* wearlnron body and mind and
\u25a0 Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswiien
\u25a0others fail. Try him. Charges low.
flC'are».{raarantr*d. CallorwriM
HIBBOA.liaurwnci3C0.taL _ >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to All.
BeGole's Nervotones Are the Greatest Remedy
Ever Discovered for the Weak and
Debilitated.
ONE LARGE BoYjOSTPAID FREE.
Cures Rheumatism, VT?ik Back, Kidneys,
. Bladder, Liver, Heart, Nerrousness,
Losses and All Conditions Due to
Excess and Violation of
Nature.,
The basis of all sickness is a violation of
the laws of health. It matters not
whether it be overwork, worry, colds,
The Discoverer of This Great Remedy,
rheumatism, the .grippe or anything else,
sickness is always triced to some definite
cause.- There is a remedy called BeGol«"s
Nervotonea that is just • as . natural to
health as water. is to thirst.
It is the very basis of health. It enters
I the blood, tingles the nerves, reaches the
vitals, the stomach, liver, kidneys,, blad-
der, the nerves of motion, of .feeling; of
action, arouses all the muscles, and no
matter what the cause of weakness this
: wonderful remedy incites strength \u25a0 and
activity. Weak men attain vigor, sick
women get well and whether it be youth-
ful indiscretion or any other cause that
drains the vitality of its strength Be-
Gole's Nervotones will brace yqu up and
make you strong, vigorous and full at life.
Do not doubt or despair-but. send your
name and- address at. once to M. BeGole
; & Co., 561 Main street. Marshall, Mich.,
and they will gladly send -you free in a
plain wrapper a large box of BeGole's
Nervotones absolutely free. Do not und*r
any circumstances miss this genuine and
.philanthropic offer. ."Write to-day without
: fail. \u25a0 . . \u25a0\u25a0,...-.: • u.
Now when they say free they mean free,
and you 'won't be asked -to pay. for it
.after- awhile, nor do»they ask for refer-
ences, testimonials or. any.' pay whatever
In any manner or form.
FROM A TO Z
Our laundry work Is indicative of what
unlimited facilities and expert workers
can accomplish. You don't want less than
the best when the cost is no higher than
the ordinary and if we have your wcrk
you'll not get it.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATis LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Stros:
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
DISORDERS X~N
-OF— « ' £9>^\
MENjI
BT FAR THE GREAT- "/!]/ T^^^WX^
er number of patient j >pj \^&J II \L'
seeking relief f or sp-called \F . ". \ Y\fl //
weakness ' are strong, \\ \l\ jI * JJ '
robust men in every other
respect. -. Loss of Vitality, Frematurenesj, etc..
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
<so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
suits, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed...- Our- colored
chart of the orsranu. which we send free on
application, is Interesting, to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the- male. • -
DR. TALCOTT & CO.^ 997^ Market St.
GONORRHEA AND URINARY DI3CHARQS3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
\u25a0 Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. \u25a0
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
. neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits .
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
I>ave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced... 12:23 p 1:1? p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:30 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... S:40 p 4:43 a
" Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago .....| 2:15 p f 9:00 p |
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars^^and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs"
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local'
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding, train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. in. is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. in. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 3:55 p m
daily. ...
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally "'
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauiallto F«rry.
i Commencing September 29 imi
FROM A FRANCISCO A TO A Mna, Va^
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30 li-nn «
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p m m -
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley «„,,*.
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and 2 , San
days at S:30 and 11:40 p. m. na s *tur-
SUNDAYS— •8:00. »10:CO. 11-30 » ~ .
J-.15. '4:45, «:30. 9:30 p. m . • *•\u25a0»•. 'U15,
Trains marked (*) run to San Qu^nti- • •\u25a0-,\u25a0 -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN 'S« mo
WEEK DAYS— *5:2b. 6:27. f- <5 * RA £ c ISCO.
a. m.. *12:23, 2:15, rs^, 4:40. 5:30 D J°' 10: «
EXTRA -TRIPS on . Mondays, %/S* „
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 V m Vednes <l*y»
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:C0, »10:00 £&'.,-
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. *S:30 p. m. \u25a0** *• =»-.
Trains marked (•) start from San Vv.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN w» iS. tln -
WEEK DATS-6:45. 6:43. 7-53 FR . A £ CISC0 -
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p m 8:55 . W:30
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays' "W.H
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 D ' _? Vedne »days
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 a. m.. £•£?' ,.« , \
B:00. 6:45 p. m. ' 2=15. J:Jo,
THROUGH TRAINS
ttoM •\u25a0* "" d »y*-Ca S adero «„ way , u .
\u25a0tattou'. m '. fia * urt »w-»ancan Mills and w v
.t» : tk,nt" °" Sun<la y 8 - I 'uncan ' Mills and wa,How to defeat the Sandlot candidate for
Mayor! Head the Wasp. this week. • ,
The closing seaside excursions of the
season will leave Sunday. October 27.' To
Monterey, train from Third and Town
send streets, at 7:30 a. m.: to Santa Cruz,
from foot of Market street, 7:45 a. m.
Lowest rate ever made, $2 round trip.
Five hours at the beach. •7.-^.
Last Chance.
The report of Superintendent of Schools
Webster will be presented to the Board of
Education to-day and will show that tha
overcrowding, of schools is growing. . Out
of eighty-four schools which Deputy How
ard, visited during the last month he
found forty-two classes with an average
Schools Still Crowded.
Ex-Lieutenant Hannah in Trouble.
Peter Trade, a teamster, living at 31S
Octavia' street, "swore to a compiaint be
fore Judge Mojran yesterday for' the ar
rest of Daniel Hannah, ex-lieutenant of
police; his : faiher-in-law, anfl Thomas
Simpson, Hannah's stepson, on the charge
of disturbing * the peace. According to |
Trade he and his wife had a little differ-
ence. and Hannah and^his stepson called
at hi« house Thursday night and, as he
expressed it. "bombarded" the \u25a0 place.
Hannah said he fcad something, with him
that would put T*rade "out of business."
and Trade thought he had a revolver.
Trade's brother, who is a consumptive,
was assaulted by Hannah and • Sixnpsac
before they took their departure.
attendance of :rom l.fty to sixty. In the
Hearst. School there v/ere sixty-one pupils
huddled together in one, clas.j. but the
board has already decided to form two
new classes in the school named to relieve
the congestion^ / ,^*-'r l '-.
Women of Woodcraft.
Last evening- Golden Gate Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft entertained its
members and friends In its circle room
with a short programme of music and
recitations, followed by dancing. The fea
tures of the programme were the recita
tions by. Miss Alice Perrln and Miss Ba
con. The dancing kept the merrymakers
together until midnight, but before breuk
ii'iS up y. collation was served. . -
The LIchthouse Board has given notice
that San Joaauin buoy, a second class
spar, painted red and numbered 8, near
the turning point to the San Joaquin Riv
er. Sulsun Bay, California, which disap
peared Augnst 6. has been replaced near
its old position, in seventeen feet of wat
er, about five-sixteenths of a mile south
by east three-elgrhths east of Van Sickle
Island post light. \u25a0 . '
Notice to Mariners.
The rates quoted on the coal fleet which
fs causing such a flurry In reinsurance
circles are as follows:
G. II. Wappaus — From Klaorhau for Port
land. 59 days out to-day: 10 per cent.
Roanoke— From Norfolk for San Francisco,
J2S days out to-day; 25 per cent.
BcnJ. F. Packard — From Norfolk for Hono
lulu. 129 days out to-day; iZ per cent. ,
Afon Alaw— From Swansea for San Francisco,
161 daye out to-day; 10 per cent.
La Tour d'Auvergne— From Swansea for San
Francisco. 15C day* out to-day: 10 per cent.
Eduanl Dctallle — From Cardiff for San Fran
cisco. 138 days cut to-day; 10 per cent.
Principality— From Tyne for Han Francisco,
167 day« out to-day; 15 per cent.
Glenbreck — From Tyne for Valparaiso, 154
doys out to-day; So per cent.
Craisnalr — From New Caledonia for Phila
delphia, 198 days out to-day; 90 per cent .
The Overdue Fleet.
"On July 15 Bruner called on me at the
noon recess while the case was being tried
and told me that unless I made an affi
davit that Koyes was not corrupt Blake
would have the case go against me. After
refusing for some time I sat down and
wrote out the affidavit. It was made out
at 1:30 p. m. July 15. At 2 o'clock the de
murrer was overruled. That affidavit was
true,' 1 for outside of McKenzie I did not
know that corruption existed on the part
of Judge Noyes."
Other cases were then cited by Hume
in which he was interested and which re
ceived an eccentric judicial cognizance
from Judge Noyes. Continuing this line,
he said: ,.
"In Park vs. Overman I was attorney
for Mr. Park in regard to a piece of prop
erty known as the City Bakery. I was
notified that if I should withdraw the case
might be won and unless M. J. Corcoran
was employed we would lose. The case
was tried soon after and Park got the
decision. In Burgstrom vs. Plow the ver
dict of the jury was against me. I made
a motion for a new trial, but it was de
nied. Then, to my surprise. Joseph K.
Wood went before Judge Noyes and was
successful, though my client gave me no
warning that another attorney was called
in and I objected to it as soon as I dis
covered the facts."
Other cases were cited In which Hume
retired. Woods being substituted with
good results.
"What action was taken by the court"
said PHlsbury. The witness thought the
cases were then settled.
"I will say that Woods was in consul
tation with the Judge about this time,"
concluded Hume. The hearing- was then
Continued, to be resumed to-day at 10
o'clock.
"In the fall of 1900 I began an action,
Blake vs. Haglin, involving a grub stake
contract. When the suit was brought Mc-
Kenzle demanded that all of. our interests
in this litigation should be turned over to
him or we would get no receiver appoint
ed and that we could get no hearing be
fore Judge Noyes. I was informed at the
close of navigation that if I did not re
tire from the matter the case would never
be heard. I did this and Bruner was sub
stituted.
"Will you state the circumstances under
which you made the affidavit of July 15."
"How long were you with Noyes when
he .signed those orders," said the amicus
curiae.
"I. could not have been in the room
more than twenty to thirty minutes," was
the answer.
asked for an affidavit of October 20. The
witness went over such portions as he
knew to be untrue.
Continued From Page One.
There was a large gathering of military
men. ladies and male civilians in the El
lis-street armory last night to witness the
presentation of a larfre stand of colors to
'ho First Artillery battalion. The donors
•were a number of merchants' who have
taken a deep interest in the new organiza
tion. The presentation on their behalf
vas by General Shatter, retired, and the
gift was accepted on behalf of the bat
talion by Major Bush, the commander.
After that there was a review of the four
batteries by General Warfield and danc
ir.g until a lato hour
Stand of Colors Presented.
ATTORNEY HUME ADHERES TO STORY
Chief Ordnance Officer.
The War Department has decided that
20,000 men will have to be sent to the Phil
ippines during the next four months to
take the places of discharged soldiers, and
the authorities at the Presidio arc get
ting ready for recruiting on an extensive
scale. Several new camps will be made,
probablv on the same location as those
that existed during the Spanish-American
war and the early days of the Philippine
campaign.
General Young yesterday appointed
Lieutenant Colonel J. R. McGinnis as
chief ordnance officer of the department,
relieving Captain Smedberg, who has been
granted a month's vacation.
The Second and Third battalions of the
Eighteenth Infantry left for stations in
the East yesterday.
© 4»;-i- : : : \u25a0i..i..i..i..m-*4-m-*-I"M"M"I- ©
General Young Relieves Captain
Smedbsrg and Appoints New
SEVERAL NEW CAMPS TO
BE BUILT AT PRESIDIO
Legislation establishing compulsciy ar
bitration as yet has been enacted only in
the Australasian colonies of New Zealand
and West Australia, where the system is
very far-reaching. The representatives of
employers and w r orkingmen who have tes
tified before the commission almost uni
formly have opposed compulsory arbitra
tion. Several State boards of arbitration
In the United States also have expressed
their opinion against compulsory arbitra
tion as a general principle and one or two
of the boards have specifically opposed it
in any form. State arbitration boards In
Kev/ York. Indiana, Ohio and Illinois
have compulsion in certain cases, as
where life and public welfare are endan
gered or great inconvenience and loss are
entailed on the people, as in railroad
strikes.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— The Industrial
Commission to-day made public Its report
on labor disputes and arbitration. It is a
comprehensive document, reviewing the
testimony of the witnesses that have ap
peared before the commission on the sub
ject, and takes up in detail the evidence
on collective bargaining, conciliation. and
arbitration and the laws and court deci
sions governing labor combinations. .Local
systems of collective bargaining and
agreements between employes, it is stat
ed, have been most highly developed in
the building, brewery, boot and shoe,
woodworking and metal trades, - some
branches of the clothing trade and in the
tra importation business; in other words,
both employers and employes are strong
est organized.
By tar the largest number of written
agreements prescribing the conditions of
labor are made between organizations of
where both employers and employes are
strongest organized.
There Is a growing movement in favor
of collective bargaining, conciliation and
arbitration as between organizations of
emplovers and employe*, covering an in
dustry throughout the country, or
throughout large sections, where the con
ditions of business are generally similar.
A growing movement is noted toward es
tablishing- State and local machinery for
arbitration, in the bituminous coal indus
try, where there is now, at least in most
mining districts, no effective method for
disposing of the miner disputes which
arise from time to time. Systems of. ar
bitration as to specific disputes have been
established in a formal manner and on a
national scale in the stove molding, the
general foundry and machinists (now not
in existence) and the printing trades.
Among these the printing trade i3 the
only one which provides for reference of
the dispute to an ' outside person where
tho direct representatives of the two
sides fail to agree. The report praises
State boards of arbitration for doing
much toward furthering industrial peace.
Industrial Commission
Files a Comprehen
sive Report.
The officers were installed by the outgo-
Ing grand natron. Ernest \V. Conant,
after which there were a number of con
gratulatory addresses and the presenta
tion of a souvonir to the retiring grand
matron, Mrs. Maude E. Bowes, and one
to the retiring grana patron.
Nellie Louisa Schlitz. Adah; Ida Hobart Mc-
Cor Electa: Eva Hull Landers. Ruth: Eliza
beth Edwards "U'llke, Martha; Fannie Steren
«"n. Esther; Mary Emelyne Lamb, warder;
Annie Jar.p Carpenter, sentinel: Isabella Van
Valkenburph, chaplain; Louise A. Allen, mar
shal; Florence Merritt. orcanist.
The sessions cf the Grand Chapter of
the Order of the Eastern Star closed last
night - with the installation of the elected
and appointed officers who are to serve
during the current term.
The greater portion of the session yes
terday was taken up in the election of the
officers following the grand patron and
ihe grand matron. For grand patron
Charles Mitchell of Long Branch was
chosen on the second ballot. For grand
matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson of Ivy
Chapter of this city, one of the brightest
and most energetic workers for the or
der, was elected on the first ballot by a
rery larse majority. E. de St. Maurice of
Colusa was elected associate grand pa
tron: Minnie G. Brown of Los Angeles,
Sfsociate grand matron; Kate S. Willatts
of San Francisco, grand secretary: Luella
Boiler, grand conductress; Alice Frances
Ilickie of San Francisco, conductress, and
Agnes A. Johnson of Benicia, grand treas
urer. The grand matron named the fol
lowing as her appointed officers:
Close of the Session of the Grand
Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star.
GRAND CHAPTER HAS
INSTALLED OFFICERS
The Sisters of the Holy Family are
working hard and assisting the ladles in
charge of the booth? in completing prep
arations. The priests of the cathedral
are giving their personal attention to the
details, and when the doors open to-night
the programme will be complete. Arch
bishop Riordan will deliver the opening
address. Professor S. J. Sandy will have
cbarge of the Cathedral Choral Society,
and the Knickerbocker quartet and the
Cathedral Mandolin Club will also figure.
Another feature will be the refreshment
booth, in charge of Mrs. Connolly. Every
thing in the line of edibles that man can
wish for will be on the tables, and from
11 in the morning until 2 in the afternoon
a lunch will be spread. This is going to
be an anomaly In church lunches, and the
ladies expect that encores will be the or
der of the days during which the fair is
open.
Mrs. Dr. Pawlicke has the booth of
which she is in charge decorated in rose
pink. • A bevy of the handsomest young
ladies in the parish will assist her in dis
posing of chances and alt kinds of bric-a
brac and fancy things.
A generous rivalry is on between the
Young Ladies' Institute and the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society as to which will gar
ner the greatest harvest. Both booths are
decorated in the highest style of the art,
and both promise to bring in large re
turns.
Friendly Rivalry Between Them.
Mrs. Mary A. Tobin has a portrait by
Genthe of Archbishop Riordan which is
very lifelike. This is in the cathedral
booth, resplendent with electric lights.
Another thing the ladies have decided
upon Is a contest for the -most popular
candidate for Mayor. Thougn suffrage is
denied them,, tney are prepared to stuft
ihe ballot-box at the rate of 10 cents pet
vote. Registrar Walsh and the Board of
Election commissioners have decided in
this particular instance to overlook any
violation of the election laws.
The State Board of *lsh Commissioners
has given a license to conduct a tish pond.
This will be an elaborate affair, in whicn
gold fish will swim about until the angler
nooks one with a numbered tail.
A splendid lunch will be served. It is
expected that the bazaar will be a grand
success, and if the ladies can do anything
more to make it go they are bound to
do it.
Prepared to Stuff Ballot-Box.
-«. replica of a most ancient cathedral
will greet the eye of the visitor upon en
tering. Thence through, the vast hall will
rise bcoth after booth, where matrons and
misses, all in the cause of cathedral
linances, will sell ticKets, raffle! chances
and do all other things that serve to make
a church fair so interesting..
American Beauty roses will be the cen
ter of attraction at St. Mary's grand ba
zaar, which opens to-night at the Me
chanics' Pavilion. It is a long time since
the parishioners of St. Mary's Cathedral
have been called upon to assist in clearing
off the indebtedness that, despite the most
earnest efforts of Archbishop Riordan and
Vicar General Prendergast, hangs over
the sacred center of the Catholic church
in this city.
In the Mechanics' Pavilion ladies who
have long been associated with the church
have prepared a number of enchanting
booths, whore colors symbolizing the vari
ous emblems of their faith have trans
formed the usually bare interior into a
thing of radiance. The color scheme has
been carried throughout the building. One
side is in gold and white; on the other are
all the colors of the rainbow.
LABOR DISPUTES
AND ARBITRATION
The delegates of the Labor Council sincerely
regret the withdrawal of Cariwnters' Union
•183. but v/hen the labor movement in any lo
cality arrows strong the employers always try
to hurt it, sometimes throuph forced strike e.
Gometimes through apparent division caused by
the tools of the employers. But the labor
movement has come out with honor from the
recent fights with its enemies and this at
tempt to hurt it will also fail. Th- rank and
file of all the unions of the city will soon rt
alize that labor's strength lies in unity, not in
division.
Labor's Strength in Unity.
The action of the Building Trades Council in
forcing unions out of the Labor Council is in
violation of the law of the American Federa
tion of Labor and the aitlliated national
unions.
The policy of the Building Trades Council
Ik making for the division of labor 1 s forces in
this city and inevitably will result disastrously
to the building trades unions, but as for the
effect of this action on the strength of the
Labor Council this can bo said: There ar«
now, as there were yesterday, ninety-eight
unions afttliated with the Labor Council,
another union being admitted to the council
to-night.
To prevent the disintegration of their union
the membeis of 4i3 voted to temporarily with
draw from The Labor Council, leavinar this
matter to be adjusted by the American t edera-
Uouj of Labor and the national unions in
volved.
To Be Adjusted Later.
That union was forced out of the Labor
Council by the action o£ the Building Trades
Council, which under a constitution recently
adopted forbids any of its autliated unions to
belong to the central labor council. Carpen
ters' Union No. 4s3 voted to withdraw from the
Labor Council because members of other
building trades unions struck on buildings
against members of Union 4b3.
A notion was also passed congratulating
Carpenters" Union No. Hi lor its loyalty to
unionism and the hoi>e was expressed tor the
speedy return 01 that union to tne Labor Coun
cil.
'Ihc "following statement given out last
n'gnt by the Labor Council is self-ex
planatory:
The notice of withdrawal from the Labor
Council nnt by Cau>enters" Union Xu. 4&J
was accepted by the council, ana the retiring
president, \\'. H. Goff. delegate trom that
union, was eiven a nsics vote of thanks lor
all the good work done by him lor tne L,abor
council and the cause of traues union. s. n.
Carpenters' Union No. 483 last night
withdrew from membership in the Labor
Council. \V. H. Goff, president of the
Labor Council, being a delegate from No.
4S3, was obliged to retire along with the
othr-r five delegates from his union.
Michael Casey of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters will act as president of the
Council until the election of Goff s suc
cessor.
Matters Will Be Referred
- to National Organ
ization. .
The speaker was severely wounded, but
he nevertheless retained his command
until Atlanta was won. He paid tributes
to the bravery and gallantry of the
enemy. The lecture was frequently inter
rupted by loud applause.
General Howard is visiting relatives in
the city and expects to remain l^re for
some time. He is an enthusiastic church
worker and the proceeds of his lecture
'.ast night will be devoted to association
v.-ork.
General Howard's lecture was chacty,
confidential and interesting. No attempt
at oratory was indulged In by the veteran
warrior. He related numerous anecdotes
of that memorable campaign, dwelling
upon the characteristics of the intrepid
Slierxau, whose genius conceived the
great movement and whose soldierly
qualities that brooked no rebuffs enable*!
him to carry it througrh to a successful
conclusion. Due attention was given to
Snerman's brilliajit generals on tfcst
famous march, and without such men as
Schcficld, Thomas, Logan and Kllpatrick
the invasion of the very heart of the Con
federacy might have ended differently.
The lecturer graphically described the
incidents of the march, which began In
April and ended in September. 1864. Op
posed as the Union army was by sucli
men as Joe Johnston. Hardie and Hood,
every step of the way was bitterly con
tested and marked by the blood of thou
sands. One could almost hear the shn-.-k
of the shells and grape hurtline through
the trees and the ping of musket bu Is
that whistled like hail in every direction.
Gcncr.il O. O. Howard, one o£ the few
Uiiioj! tjcnerals of tho great rebellion still
alive-, and who won fame as '"the Chris
tian soldier," addressed a large audience
at ihc Your.g Men's Christian Association
auditorium on the subject of '•Sherman's
March to the Sea." General Howard took
a:i active part in that significant and d.ir
i;:g movement c£ lSb4. by which the back
bone of tho Confederacy was broken iti*d
jioace ultimately brougtit to a suffering
i.alicn.
Warm Tribute Paid to Men
of Opposing Armies by the
Lecturer.
Will "Ballot for the Most
Popular Candidate
for Mayor.
Carpenters' Union Forces
•Him to Tender His
Resignation.
Incidents of Sherman's
Great Invasion Are
Described.
Ladies Devise Pretty
Booths for Coming
Bazaar.
GOFF RETIRES
FROM COUNCIL
PAVILION WEARS
FESTAL COLORS
HOWARD SPEAKS
OF THE MARCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901.
5
_ i
I
To-day only we offer .:\u25a0') ;
Suits to order for , j
Perfectly made by expert man
tailors; matchless, imported
cloths; pure silk lining through-
out.
• Turned over to us seven weeks
late makes rapid, moving of
goods imperative.
Similar treatment meted out
to men's tailoring and furnishing.
1 028- 1 030 Market St.
J Also in Oakland.
' - . -I
\u25a0.•-.- • • • . ADVERTISEMENTS.
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ' \u25a0 j 21 * '"'"*'
\ Overworked WOMeilc Evidence of Mrs. Pinkham's Cures. |
I . Dear Mbs. Petkham :— One year ago .'I read a letter in a paper tell- H
; ___________ n g how much {rood one woman had derived from Lydia E. Pinkham's H
i _,, . . X, 2 1 ii. '\u25a0£ 1 a 1 v j. -'l^ssst *^_ Vegetable Compound. I had been sick all winter a
j _atlgue IS tne natural result Of hard WOI_, DUt ex- >^^^_^V and " vras nearl y discouraged, as the medicine the B
I haUStioil results from weakness. /^^^^^^k\ doctor gave me did me no good. I had kidney com- §}
j tt t i j? i -a j=c? a 1 1 'IB <£5kSttft»ipy}i5>k plaint, leucorrhcea, itching', bearin^-denvn feelingr. Erf
\ Hard work for a weak woman is traffic in flesh and fSnBW and painful menstruation. I wrote to you descri& 1
I blOOd. \L1ll»_isr^ H^i! * nff my trou^ e an< * soon received an answer telling 1 fcl
1 Tf rmlrpq Tiffin rh'fifprpnro wVinf fVin fia}r\ nf — y-»rlr iq t£*P*^*^ TslBI/ me what to do. I followed your instructions, and §3.
A t I, ma , k f S llttle aitterence wnat tllO tieia Ot WOrlC IS, W# have taken nine bottles of Vegetable Compound 21
I Whether at home or elsewhere, if there IS weakness, WOrk j\ ||g V»fp and used one package of Sanative Wash and one §
I brings exhaustion. M It box °* Liver Pills. I am well now, do not have a
,, Ability to stand the strain of hard work is the privi- m^^% work au'da^.ndVhat itSSSS*, _O I 1 "
i» lege Ot ihe healthy and robust. , Jj*UKSsS£££J->fi began taking the Compound. I cannot praise the 0
How our hearts ache for the sickly women that work S^-S.ccnie KCUgffig c^mponnd too highly. I do hope every suffering |
\u25a0i t> i -t i • j i_ -t! -j j» j. i i . ..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-. woman will learn of your remedies and be cured wk
\ for daily bread at Some ill-paid factory employment 1 as I have been. I wish all success to the Compound; it has dona I
» HOW distressing also to see a woman struggling with wonders for me and I am so thankful."— MRS. GENIE KELLOGG, Ber- B ,
!her daily round of household duties, when her back and Heights, Ohio. . ; g
head are aching, and every new movement brings out a "Deab Mrs. Ptskham:— I wish to let yon know that Lydia E. S ..
new \u25a0nain ! \u25a0 PJnkham's Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstruation S3
-re 11 ii- i ii «• • from which I suffered terribly. I really believe that I would be insane H)
If the mere looking on at these SUftering WOmen to-day if it had not been for your medicine. I cannot praise your Com- g *"
touches OUr hearts, how hopeless must life be tO the WO- pound enough, and feel that if all who suffer from female troubles would a
„„„ tViotyicp1-uv»q % P ut themselves under your care and follow your advice they will find _
men tnemseives ? , . • " . , relief.— MISS K. E. SCHOLTES, Mt. Oliver, Pittsburg, Pa. gf
% Their devotion to duty is a heroism which a well v ; \ _ g
person cannot Understand. "DearMbs. Pejkham: — For eight years I have suffered with infiaxn- fl
I Pin tliPQA iilincr wnnlr wnmon mKn orn nxlUA nmm -ation of the womb and bladder, profuse and painful menstruation, and _
I , an r ; lies ? aumgj y eaK women, WHO are Called Upon at times it seemed as though I should die. I doctored most of the time, i
. I to do WOrk Which WOUld tire a Strong man, be made to See but seemed to fail every year. A short time ago I began to take Lydia Iff
* that they can easily and surely better their condition ? E * Pinkh— n's Vegetable Compound, and, thanks to your wonderful 83
,„.„ i ji -I <• i 1 1 /» i medicine, I am to-day a well woman. Your medicine is woman's best _
Will not the volumes of letters from women made friend."-MRs. L.L. towne, Littleton, nh" 1
• H strong by Xydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, : _ H '
ICOnvince them of the virtues of this medicine ? • \u25a0•* " Dear Mrs. PtskhAu:— I suffered for six years, sometimes being H '
TT/-i~ olioll +Vm T? A PT 1 fViof if WTT f TTT^T T> TTTTTTW I^o. *— able to get about at all. It seemed to me as though I could not live, o
HOW Shall the 1< AC 1 that It W l_Li _.__.F 1 _._M be and T d not care to . i had womb trouble, kidney trouble, leucorrhcea! t§
made plain ? backache, was nervous, and had no ambition. Was obliged to give up f]
Whpn a meriiriTifi hfl<5 hppn Rurrftqqful in mnrA than a m ? tra<3e - * tried tnree doctors, but they did me no good, so I thought I H
w nen a meaicme nas Deen successiui in more^tnan a would try Lyd i a E: pinkham** vegetable Compound, i did so, and i I
million Cases, IS it ]UStlCe tO yourself tO Say, Without trying felt better after the first bottle, and by the time I had taken six I was S
it, **I do not believe it WOUld help me"? able to resume my work again. I shall always praise your Vegetable 0
I Surely you Cannot wish to remain weak and Bick and Compound. "-MRS. MARY A. RUSSELL, Chincoteague Island, Va. I
j discouraged, exhausted with each day's work. You have • . ;"•'•" \u25a0 , » Dear Mrs. Pesxhami-I was sick for I
: some derangement of the feminine organism, and Lydia seven years without any relief, although treat- P
: E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you just <^^»a_^_^ ed by TO °* the vei> y bcst doctor^ in this city, t
I «q surflv as it has others ffijl_§ifi9i_§k A f , ew ago I was nothings but a living- I
| as surely as it nas otneis. •'.•,.• ' , JSSP^iliij skeleton. The doctor said my heart was the 1
\ Read tho letters from women .m the opposite column fllr cause - of a11 my sickness and that I could ° nl 7 I
| of this paper, and when you go to your drug store to buy 8lif^2& 1§§> be r^ icvcd ' but ?; evc^ et ™ cU - Sometimes 'i |
I this 8te|n P g Medicine, do £ot lit youW te'penoaded to f^tf F vSSi&uJSSSZSEttoS? M y ££ I
j accept the druggist's OWn Valueless preparation because it &•* f were very weak, blood impure. Was troubled I
j i is a lew Cents cheaper than . •\ta k " r=^ X jL> with hands and feet swelling; also had leucor- S
* g^7i^^V rhoea. I have taken six bottles of Lydia E. \,
\ «r bb' n' bab' «\u25a0 fl '~~~-<^&t '^XL. P'nkham's Vegetable Compound and feet well I
* 8f VJg&taB&Sk #»» i_l?*y£P©/K^&9 _ F5?5§isS&«l£ oncemo*e. 1 have gained twenty-seven pounds M
I BmJwBNS&S £_-_ rBmBM€¥BttBWa •«;.. &%y7^r?fW and am able to work all day in the store and g
| \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0. : , \u25a0\u25a0'..., ; PCTRA M loya u Dot feel tircd wnen I g et home at eight. |J
fl *> me."— PETE AM. LOYA, care of L. Wolfson, San Antonio, Texas. p2
I4_% aiwM jg&ftt. fUtttt, — — >^ Gt E?*& A ff A D FN Owing to the fact, that some skoptical peoplo havo from timo to time questioned 1
TTO JS aBT JSr >» /fir vk P" yfiwi nzfo R^^ I S *^° genuineness of tho testimonial letters we are constantly publishing tvo hav* h
©ff~fey H li r|f| U BB " ao ** ~ *» H \u25a0 ""* deposited with tho National City Bank, of Lynn, Mas?., $5,000, tvhich -will bo paid I
ftv rim. M wk M vk 1& t° an y person WQ o can show that the above testimonials are not gen-iino, or were published befora obta'-aing tho g
X&_^ N!g_$' writers 1 special permission.— Ltdia E. Piukham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mas3. fSATURDAY.... OCTOBER 19, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
litrttt All Communications to W. B. LEASE, MlMgir.
MA.VAGKll'S OFFICE Telephone Prew 204
PUBLICATION OFFICES... Mnrkct «nd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS!.... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered »>r Cnrrlern, in r>n<« Per We ell.
HnirJ«* Copies, 6 Ontn.
Terms l»y. Mali. Including; Vomiaarn
DAILY CAL.lt Oncltidln* Punday), «n» jur I«.W
DAILT CALX* Occluding- Hurdty). ( tnontbi . t.00
DAILY CALL Unclufllaf Sunday), I j .onth , 1.60
DAIKT CALL~-By Bind* Month 6M
CUNDAT CAM* On* Tear J.W I
WEEKL.T CALL, On* Tear 1.00
All postmaster* are nnthorlsed to recefr*
\u25a0 nbacrlptlon*.
E&mpt* copirt »H1 ta forwarded wnen requested.
•till robcrrlben In ordering chant* nf nfldreM chould b«
particular to rlr* both NEW AND OLD ADDIIESS in order
to incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their requeit.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GKOUGK IvKOOlVrcS*.
Kta&gcr Foreign Advertising Mtrqnetta Building, Chicago.
(LcDe Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Ilernlrt Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Dalldlnar
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
, NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no. 31 Union Square;
Murray ,HIU Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C/> OFFICE 14OO G St.. X. TV.
MORTO.V B. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAlllrter. open until 9:30 o'cloclc 615 Larkln, open until
• :J0 o'clock. 19 II Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
eorner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
J200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. in.
WELL KNOWN AND POPULAR SOCIETY BELLE AND TALENTED
YOUNG ATTORNEY WHOSE ENGAGEMENT HAS BEEN FORMALLY
ANNOUNCED. THE WEDDING DAY HAS NOT BEEN SET.
"The Schley-Sampson controversy will probably go
down to history not only as a drawn battle, but as
a long drawn one.
If it were not for a regrettable skirmish now. and
then where some one gets hurt that South African
war would seem like- a footrace between an over
fed bull and a jackrabbit.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— The following
Calif orniar.s are in New York: From San
Francisco— J. Ropp, at the Herald Square:
Mrs. F. Koster, Mrs.- J. L. Moody and
Miss Moody, at the Manhattan; .Miss
Bartnell and W..J. Bartnell and wife, at
the Park Avenue; J. B. Clot, at the
Broadway Central; A. G. Glenn, at the St.
Denis: G. J. Grannon arid C. J. Sercan, at
the Grand Union; T. H. Larkins. at the
Victoria; Mme. Leblois, at the Albert; A.
T. Merrill, at the Morton; S. W. Vogt and
wife, at the Albemarle.
From Los Angeles — "W*. F. Green and
« HKMSH
Californians in New York.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day:' At the Raleigh, W. D. Gould. L03
Angeles; at the National. J. A. Cauld-well,
San Francisco; at the Metropolitan, "W. F.
•Pearce and wife, San Francisco.
Californians in "Washington.
; The Manufacturers' Club of Charlotte, N. C, has
invited to its annual banquet President Roosevelt,
Minister Wu Ting- Fang, Senator' McLaurin of
South Carolina and Governor Aycock of North Caro
lina. The combination is. peculiar and the country
will attend_ closely to hear whether Wu has anything
to say to his hosts about furnishing them with cheap
labor. . -» '
D. W. Knox, an attorney of Sacramento,
is at the Grand?
F. M. "Wilmas arrived from Nome yes
terday. He is at the Lick, v
O. J. Smith, a mining man of Reno,
New, is a guest at the Palace.
D. S. Rosenbaum, the well known mer
chant of Stockton, registered at the Pal
ace yesterday. '\u25a0'/.',,-
L. A. Crane, a young rancher and fruit
grower of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace
for a few days.
G. A. McElfresh, high chief ranger of
the Foresters, is up from Los Angeles
and is at the Grand.
J. J. Weil, a prominent merchant of
Sacramento, is here on a short business
.trip. He is at the Grand.
D. M. Riordan, an electrical mining ex
pert with headquarters at Los Angeles, is
among the recent arrivals at the Palace.
- C. W. Macfarlane of Honolulu arrived
here yesterday from New York, accom
panied by his wife. They are at pres
ent staying at the Occidental.
, Lieutenant C. -W. Schwartz, a. young of
ficer of the German army, v arrived f rora
Berlin yesterday. He is touring the world
and is at presemvat the Palace. \u2666
A. B. Spreckels "will leave New York on
the 24th inst. for this city. Mr. Spreckels
PERSONAL MENTION.
has been absent several months on a
pleasure trip and returns much improved
in health.
William F. Doty, brother of the United
States Consul'at Tahiti, arrived here yes
terday. He was studying at Princeton,
but was compelled to leave on account of
failing eyesight, and returned to the
islands. He \u25a0will attend the San Anselmo
Seminary and remain there until he re
ceives his D. D. decree.
A Philadelphia man woke up that sleepy town the
other day by riding through the streets on a bicycle
drawn by a horse. IHe guided his wheel with one
hand while holding the reins with the other, and' the
horse trotted him along at a merry speed. .
Even our discovery of a means of producing plati
num cheaply enough to make it useful in the manu
facture of articles of general use proves to be after
all only the revival of an ancient art. An Egyptian
explorer has just discovered a platinum box in a
tomb supposed to be that of a queen who died seven
centuries before Christ.
The Canadian Forestry Association estimates that
the spruce forests of the Dominion are sufficient to
supply the world with pulp wood at the present rate
of demand for 840 years. The showing is good, but
as it takes no account of the waste of forests by fires
it will not be long before a very different estimate
will have to be made. The people of the United
States have had an experience in that way. It is not
leng since some of our experts were estimating that
pine forests were inexhaustible in States where there
is now hardly any pine at all.
General Baden-Powell, whose defense of Mafeking
thrilled the British public, is not a very great hero
when compared with others in the annals of British
history, but yet it is said that his reputation has been
such an advertisement for the school where he was
educated that the applications for admission have so
increased the managers of the school do not know
what to do with them".
Attention has been called to the fact. that Roosevelt
is the first President of the United States who was
born and brought up in a large city. New : York is
bragging over the fact, and Chicago is getting -her
back up. / \ v :
Mr. Bryan seems to.be troubled at this time to de
termine'whether to followthe example of- his silver
friends like Towne and buy an oil well or leave the
gang and come out for gold
On Thursday evening the "pretty maid
ens" and "gentle strangers" -who are to
take part In the "Florodora" sextet at the
Doctor's Daughters' doll show met at the
residence of Mrs. Linda H. Bryan. 2422
Buchanan street, and went through their
first rehearsal. The girls did remarkably
\u25a0well and I predict that many hearts will
be smashed by them— smashed perhaps
beyond repair. The boxes for the show
are going like the proverbial hot cakes
and the box holders thus far are Miss
Katherine Dillon, Mrs. Kenry Payot, Mrs.
Athearn Folger, Mrs. Walter E. Dean,
Mrs. M. H. de Young, Mrs. W. H. Taylor,
Mrs. Gus Taylor, airs. Mark Gerstle,
Mayor Phelan, Mrs. James Follis, Mrs.. J.
In the evening the scene of the festivi
ties shifted to the Ames home, on Taylor
street, where Mr. and Mrs. Pelham Ames
celebrated the thirty-sixth anniversary of
their wedding in addition to the betrothal
of their son to Miss Preston.
gagements the Misses Preston had an
other surprise at their tea— the presence
of a whole bunch of charming men. Of
course Worthington Ames was there and
Willard Drown, and very handsome these
two young fellows looked as they stood
with the receiving party. The presence
of men at a tea is so unusual and so very
desirable that I am going to put their
names first in the list of those present. A
tea is really a place where the men should
come first, so here goes. Among Miss
Preston's guests were: Milton Latham,
Leonard Chenery, "Will Denrnan, Burbank
Sommers, Willard • Drov/n, Mr. Tobin,
Ralph Edmonds, Ben Lathrop, Pelham
Ames, E. F. Preston. Jack Spreckels and
Tom Ransome, the Misses Grace and Lil
lie Spreckels. Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Miss
Charlotte Ellinwood, Mrs. George Martin,
Miss Elsie Sperry, Miss Janet Hooper,
Mrs. "Walter McGavin, Miss Bessie Ames,
Miss Bernie Drown, Mrs. A. N. Drown,
Miss Therese Morgan and Miss O'Connor.
Just at present I would not care to be
Mrs. Danforth's secretary and have :o
answer the many commendatory letters
the lady is receiving. 1
wife and C. L. Pinney, at the New Am
sterdam; J. Morton, at the Hoffman.
From Oakland— A. W. Mowry, at tha
Hoffman; S. D. Nesmith, at the Astor.
From San Jose— E. G. Northrop, at tha
victoria; Mrs. 1. A. Graham, at the Man
hattan.
From San Diego— K. A. Parrott. at th?
Vendome. w
I think about the noblest thing I ever
heard of is Mrs. Ed Danforth's munifi
cent gift— $3000 to the Elmhurst Home of
Convalescents of the Children's Hospital.
Mrs. Danforth was about to go to Europe
and had arranged to spend $3000 in her
trip abroad. While she -was planning her
itinerary her attention was called to tho
wants of the convalescent home. Mrs.
Danforth personally investigated the ques
tion, and the result was that she aban
doned her trip and handed over to the
management of the hospital the money
she had intended to spend, in enjoyable
travel.
Mrs. George B. Somraers is in charge oJ
the afternoon programme and has for he?-|
assistants Mrs. Linda H. Bryan. Mrs. W.
R. Cluness Jr., Mrs. Wakefleld Baker and
Miss Hyde.
Mrs. G«orge G. Carr is in charge of tha
fetching sextet.
• .• •
Miss Jennie Blair has charge of the pro
gramme for the evening and has as her
assistants Miss Grace Spreckels. Miss Lil
lie Spreckels, Miss Katherine Dillon, Mrs.
A. F. Tubbs, Mrs. Chauncey R. Winslow
and Mrs. Watson D. Fennimore.
D. Spreckels.. Mrs. Thomas H. "William;".
E. W. Hopkins, Louis Sloss Jr., Reuben
Hale, Mrs. Eugene Lent, Mrs. R. H.
Moore and Mrs. H. Fletcher Ryan.
The ladies who have charge of the pro
gramme are working faithfully and the ,
show they will offer is bound to be the ;
very finest amateur affair ever held la
this city.
Besides the announcement of the en-
About thirty young people went down
to the Palace to congratulate the Preston
girls yesterday afternoon. The rooms
were just a bower of roses, the kind re
membrances of many admiring friends.
Assisting Mrs. Preston and the Misses
Preston to receive were Miss Rr.th Mc-
Nutt, Miss Bessie Ames, Miss Mary Den
man and Mrs. Ben Lathrop.
Miss Edith Preston was stunning in a
magnificent white crape gown elaborately
trimmed with lace. Miss Norma Preston
looked *very beautiful, in a dainty Paris
gown of pale pink chiffon, trimmed 1 with
ecru lace.
May Denman wore a beautiful gown of
white organdie with a point lace yoke.
Miss Ruth McNutt was attired in pale
blue peau de sole.,
Miss Bessie Ames' gown was of ecru
colored silk, trimmed with panne tur
quoise velvet.
EDITH PRESTON and Willard
Drown are engaged. Handsome
Edith told her happy secret to her
friends, who went down to con
gratulate her sister Norms yester
day afternoon. Although all of us were
unprepared for the splendid news, none of
us were astonished. Previous to Miss
Preston's departure for Europe I was
among the many who asked her v lf she
was engaged to Willard Drown, and I was
also among the select majority to whom
Miss Preston declared "there is not one
word of truth in it."
However, it is out now, and we are all
delighted. There is any amount -of nice
things to be said of the happy young
couple. Willard Drown is a son of A. N.
Drown and a member of the law firm of
Drown, Leicester & Drown. He is a Yale
man, and equally as popular in profes
sional as In social circles.
Edith Preston is one of the handsomest
of the many beautiful girls of the young
er set. She is the daughter of E. F. Pres
ton, the well-known attorney, and Mr.
Preston is not a little proud of the' fact
that his charming daughter is the image
of her dad. Miss Preston, however, has
more than her beauty to recommend her.
She is charming, accomplished and has
unusual tact. While the wedding of Miss
Norma Preston and Worthington Ames
will take place in the very near future,
it will be some time before Edith Preston
becomes Mrs. Willard Drown.
By Sally Sharp.
It appears the fight will have to be made with the
utmost energy, for the danger is seemingly much
greater than Californians expected. The Times says
in the South there is a d*emand for Chinese labor to
supplant the negro, and of the East it says: '-The
general feeling seems to be that the Chinese as we
know them, are a peaceable, industrious race, who
trouble nobody, and if not molested. by hoboes and
Hooligans mind their own business and fill a very
useful place. The excitement of twenty years ago
over the inundation of this country by a tidal wave
of Mongolian immigration has completely subsided
and it would be impossible to revive it." . .
If such statements represent Eastern sentiment we
may as well get ready for a hard contest this winter.
The work of educating the East must begin all over
again. Evidently Minister Wu has been sawing wood
while we were asleep, and it looks now as if he had
the exclusion law very nearly beaten.
In discussing the question the New York Times
recently said: "The initiative in the opposition to
the continuance of the restrictions now imposed
comes naturally from the Chinese, but if the reports
which reach us are correct the movement is gaining
strength among Eastern and Southern Congress
men, many of whom are reaching the conclusion
that there are large areas of the United States where
an important increase of cheap labor would be ad
vantageous. The interest in continuing the present
stringent law is confined largely to the Pacific Coast,
and whether it is there as strong as the leaders of the
labor organizations would have us believe is a ques
tion which it is difficult to answer without a more in
timate knowledge of public opinion on this subject
than can be gained from the newspapers of the Cali
fornia cities."
If Eastern people do not believe that the white peo
ple of the Pacific Coast are universally agreed in
favor of Chinese exclusion they are the victims of a
delusion. The fight against anything like unrestricted
immigration from China will be made not only by
labor leaders and the newspapers of California cities,
but by well nigh every fighting force among the
people.
ONE of the notable phases of drift of public
sentiment at present is the increasing favor
with which a considerable number of influen
tial people in the East regard the possibility of an
unrestricted Chinese immigration to this country.
It required a prolonged and often an excited cam
paign of education to convince Eastern people years
ago that Chinese immigration would be a curse, and
now the moment the processes of education have
ceased they seem to have relapsed into their former
condition of ignorance or indifference.
. It is stated by the Consul that although the topo
graphical features of the country will render the work
of construction difficult, and the severe winters will
close the canals for a considerable time each year,
the system will be of incalculable benefit to the whole
country, and will connect Austria more closely with
Germany and with Russia. It is said that not only
will the cost of freights from the German seaports be
appreciably less, but many portions of the interior
now practically inaccessible to extensive trade can
then be successfully developed.
The undertaking of an enterprise of such impor
tance and of such undoubted benefits to the people
will of course go far toward relieving the discontent
of the people. There will be employment 'at good
wages for thousands of men, and the money put into
circulation will increase trade 'and activity. The
scheme is therefore an exhibition of a high order of
statecraft on the part of the Austrian Ministry. It is
better to put an end to discontent by furnishing
work and wages than to" try to suppress it by the
despotism of the sword.
In the aggregate the new canals will open upward
of 1054 miles of navigable waterways, and it is esti
mated the cost will be about $152,000,000. The money
is to be provided by the co-operation of the prov
inces, districts and cities that are to be mainly bene
fited with the Government. The work of construc
tion is to begin not later than 1904, and is to be so
calculated that the whole system will be completed
within twenty years. To provide money for imme
diate use the Government is to issue 4 per cent, tax
free, bonds, redeemable within ninety years.
CONSUL GENERAL HURST of Vienna has
furnished to the State Department an inter
esting report upon the grand scheme of canal
construction which has been undertaken by the Aus
trian Government for the double purpose of improv
ing the commercial facilities of the different parts of
the empire and of holding it together as a political
unity. In its entirety the plan is larger than any
other designed for canal work in Europe, and when
completed will provide Austria with a system of in
ternal waterways that will prove of immense advan
tage to her people. . .
The measure recently enacted by the Government
provides for — (1) a canal from the Danube to the
River Oder; (2) a canal from the Danube to the
Maldau, near Budweis, and the improvement of that
river so as to fit it for canal boats from Budweis to
Prague; (3) a canal from the Danube-Oder canal to
the Upper Elbe and the improvement of the Elbe as
far as Melnik; (4) a canal from the Danube-Oder
canal to the Vistula and to some navigable portion of
the Dniester.
.CHINESE EXCLUSION.
AUSTRIA'S 'CANAL. SCHEMES.
The assumption that mere public ownership of a
water supply makes it potable is not borne out by the
facts, since its potability depends upon the vigilance
with which its purity is preserved, and there is no
evidence that this will be any greater .under muni
cipal ownership. Indeed, the presumption . is the
other way, unless municipal government can be in
faitd with a different spirit and a greater fidelity to
the trust imposed upon it. We desire merely to curb
the enthusiasm of the advocates of municipal pater
nalism by bringing them down to consider that every
large city rises between elections to complain of the
bad state of its streets, gutters, sewers and all other
things that are now the objects of municipal care and
administration. If the New York Journal see bugs
in Croton water and declare that it smells to heaven,
compelling the purchase and use of spring* water to
avoid fatal results, and the Examiner see in muni
cipal ownership water purified, glorified and made
perfect and potable, there is a jog in the testimony
that makes thinking people pause and consider.
The death rate in San Francisco is given at 23.6
per thousand. We suffer in the statistics from the
location of the city and its being the last refuge of a
large number of sojourners who come here stricken
and die. It is to be regretted that such cases are not
segregated from the deaths of our resident and per
manent population. But New" York, that is not
sought as a health resort, has a death rate of 28.6, and
Boston of 24.8, Washington of 25.8, and Philadelphia
of 22.6. Eliminating the deaths of sojourners, there
is no doubt that the rate per 1000 of our resident
population is less than the lowest.
We have pointed out the neglect of cities which
own their water supply to purify it, and have
shown the power of cities to compel the purification
of a supply in private ownership.
WE recently quoted from a Philadelphia
paper in relation to the prevalence of ty
phoid in that city, dne to the water supply.
The Examiner retorted statistically in vindication of
the purity of water effected simply by change from
private to public ownership. We have no doubt that
the public water of Chicago, Philadelphia, New York
and Boston saves many lives in the same manner that
lives are saved by brass pins — by not swallowing
them. .. Within the last eight months the New York
Journal published accounts of the filthy condition of
the Croton water, and showed how fortunes were
made by peddling spring water in that city for drink
ing purposes at a high price per bucket. It is not un
usual for the Journal and Examiner to sing one tune
in the spring and another in the fall.
WATER .AND TYPHOID.
At present we have no advice to give beyond again declaring that all voters wh<J
are interested in the welfare of the city should accept for a fact that there must be a
substantial pooling of their votes for one of the regular candidates for Mayor. Their,
choice must be guided by the action of those candidates. If either of them do not see
this, and weaken himself by follies that eannot be condoned, his fate be upon his own
head. Never was there less prompting to merely partisan action than now. Never were
party lines more obscure and party feeling less spontaneous. Never were there less obli
gations to party and greater to the welfare of the whole city.
As far as loyalty to the Republican party is concerned, it was not present in the
so-called Republican convention. The loyalty of the majority of that convention ran to
influences outside the party that are degrading. The convention's loyalty to these in
fluences was disloyalty to the party, and,, per. contra, loyalty to the party means repudia
tion of the convention and its works.
The painful /and pitiful situation was foretold by, The Call, and we' did what we
could to prevent it. But our warning fell upon deaf ears, and the party name and pres
tige were seized to make a banner for elements that are as unRepublican as they are dis
loyal to every municipal interest.
One could wish that in the face of the peril that is seen by all clear-eyed men, the
men who usurped control of the organization would be sobered and chastened into the
correction of their, blunders, and would at least try" tc put the, head of their ticket in a
position to offer the best hope ior the city's rescue. But, as to do this would be an ex
hibition of natural politics, they have proved so far incapable of it, and appear to de
pend entirely upon the base and artificial methods with which they are best acquainted.
We have refrained from sudden judgment of their acts and have warned them in time to
enable a change in their methods. We warn them again that we speak for a multitude
of the best Republicans in this city, and with a desire solely to avert a misfortune that
will leave welts upon San Francisco as if she had been scourged with whips.
Yet the politicians, who are supposed to have sense enough to consider the com
munity as a whole, have created a highly artificial situation in which it is possible for I
strictly class ticket to hope for success. . • , ,
SINCE our last reference to the risk that lies in the coming city election, events
have brought more clearly before our people a prospective result of the gravest
I character.
The situation emphasizes the political folly of permitting mere artifice end
scheming to control the action of conventions called and held in the name of a party ?nd
supposed to represent its organization. Had natural politics been permitted, the Repub
lican party might have been represented by a ticket that throughout would have com
manded public respect and have been assured of victory from the moment of its nom
ination...'Unfortunately the Democratic ticket, except the candidates for Supervisors,
offers certain elements of political and popular weakness where it should be in both re
spects strong. We arc convinced that the head of one regular ticket must be elected
Mayor if the future sufcty of the city is to be considered. Just why the head of the Repub
lican ticket continues to increase the improbability of his success, is unknown to us, and
perhaps to himself. Republicans would prefer to sail the city into a calmer future by
supporting the head of the ticket, if he would permit them to do so.
;Thc present situation is risky of a result that will give to the, head of the class
ticket a fictitious strength, which will be mistaken by those who made that ticket for real
strength, and for an indorsement of the excesses which marked the progress of the late
industrial disturbance. All men know what this will mean, but it will be too late to cor
rect the mistake when capital is in full flight and labor is pinched by , the exiling of
enterprise. | N .
The only rift in the cloud that overhangs the city is the straightforward declara
tion of the Building Trades Council that "this municipality is . best governed when
public servants are selected from the entire community, without regard to any par
ticular class." • i - '\u25a0 • v
THE CITY'S RISK.
GO TO FELICITATE ONE SISTER,
FIND ANOTHER TO CONGRATULATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER iy, 1901.
6
> THE SCIENTISTS ARE
ALL AGOG!
JIKS. PIPER, great medium,
CONFESSES. V
Bead her own story in \
NEXT SUNDAY'S CAIX. '
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsead. •
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotei*
\u25a0 » •
Cal. Glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
How to make money. Head the pointers In
the "SVasp'a Financial articles every week. •
• \u25a0 \u2666 »
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at "Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1S33 Polk. \u25a0
Towrsend'a California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap' bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel huUdiri" »
\u25a0 \u2666 • a '
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men bv ih«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 104° •
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Florodora."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
California — "Rudolph and Adolph."
Tivoli— "Cavalleria" and J"I Pagliacci."
Grand ODera-house— "The Littie Minister.'*
Alcazar— "The Girl in the Barracks."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. \u25a0 ,
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Royal Italian Band.
Hill's Theater— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Sutro Baths — Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By Occidental Horse Exchange— This day, carload of Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
By J. H. Halton— This day, forty head of Horses, at 1722
Ma rket street.So Says Governor Paul
Feutier of the Mar
quesas.
COMMERCE WITH
TAHITI GROWING
VICTORIA. Oct. 18.— It is stated that
the Imperial Government Is about to
mount big guns in the forts at Signal Hill,
Esquimalt, which means that the little
village at the naval station will have to
be evacuated by civilians, as the concus
sion from the g;uns would make the town
uninhabitable. The Government appro
priated the land some years ago and tho
residents have been expecting a notice to
quit. When equipped this will be the most
formidable fort on the Pacific, being cut
out of a solid mountain of granite, and
the largest guns will be mounted there.
Proposed Military Improvements at
Esquimau "Will Cause ,an Early
Evacuation.
BESIDENTS MUST GO
WHEN GTTNS ARE MOUNTED
LIFE CRUSHED OUT BY
BELT EAILEOAD TRAIN
James J. McCarty Is Killed "While
Switching Cars at Lombard
Street.
James J. McCarty, a switchman, resid
ing at 1015 Alabama street, was run over
and killed on the Belt railroad shortly aft
er 10 o'clock Thursday night. The accident
occurred while the unfortunate man was
superintending the transfer of freight
cars from a ferry-boat at Lombard street.
McCarty's skull was fractured and his
right arm was cut off. He died instantly.
After giving "a signal for the engineer
to go ahead McCarty stepped between
two cars for the purpose of uncoupling
them. This was*the last seen of him
alive. His body was found by the side
of the track by a brakeman.
TO ARRIVE. i
Steamer. From. | Due. j
Wellington.... Coinox ".|Oct. 10 ;
Umatilla Pujjet Sound Ports Oct. U ,
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 19 |
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 20
Leelanaw New York via Panama Occ. ::u ,
Santa Ana Seattle Oct. 20
Mandajay Coquille River Oct. 21
Loa Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 22
Hcmer Rumboldt Oct. 22
fotisona Humboldt Oct. 22
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. ti
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 22
Thyra Portland Oct. Ti
I'oronn Kedondo & V.'ay Ports Oct. 22
San Mateo Tacoma ....Oct. 22
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 23 I
haniH, nusa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 24 i
Point Artna... Point Arena Oct. 24 I
City of Puebla. Pueet Sound Ports Oct. 24;
Czarina Seattle <& Tacoma ....Oct. 24 I
Newburg..' San Pedro Oct. 24 :
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 24 '\u25a0
San Jose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 25 i
Haraeses Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 23 j
Kival Willapa Harbor Oct. 26 i
ti. W. Elder... Portland &. Astoria Oci 27 !
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. 2%,
Curacao ! Mexican Ports Oct! 29'
Gaelic China and Japan Oct. 29:
Walla Walla.. J Puget Sound Ports Oct. 29
to sail.. ;
Steamer. Destination. ) Sails.) Pier.
October 19. I
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pmlPier 2
Empire Coos Bay 4 pmlPier 13
Rainier....... Seattle fx. N. What 5 pm|Pler 2
l-uiuui'in Huiiiboldt l:3o p pier 9 ;
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October
Iaqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 amjpier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland II ampler 21
October 21. |
Kuieka 'Humboldt ..". '. 12 m]Pier 13 \u25a0
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm'Pler 2
October 22. j
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm|Pier 3S
North Fork.. Humboldt a am Pier 2
:\u25a0.-... •;•-,' .- October Kl.
Arcata .... C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier IS
Mandalay.... Coquille River 5 pm Pier a
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 2-4.
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
«.'jionu Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Australia..... Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Oetober 25.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Portland & C Bay Pier 3
October 26.
Loa Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier l6
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ~ From. | Due.
Farallon....... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Huraboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
CityofTopeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 2S
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way -Ports. Oct.. 27
Steamer Movements.
The -Dartmouth Alumni save a dinner
Wednesday evening at the Occidental Ho
tel In honor of Bishop Talbot. Amons
those present were Thomas Flint, Frank
Morton, William P. Johnson. Arthur L.
Spring, Arthur S. Brown, Dr. J. H. Teb
betts, C. S. "Wright, George H. Stron?,
Fisher Ames. Dr. S. AVorth, Charles II.
Ham and Ij. C. Clark.
Dartmouth. Alumni Banquet.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Krancisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both piaces.
~~ SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19.
Sun rises..... 6:22
Sun, sets 5:27
Moon sets 10:40 p. m.
Time! Time! Time Time
DalP 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
H Wl L -WJ II W L W
19 .. 5:09 4.2 9:0S 3.2 3:16 4.7 10:31 0.6
20 '.. 6:01 -4.D 11:01 3.2 4:2S 4.5 11:30 0.7
21 6:45! 4.S 12:10 2.7 5:49 4.5 ..'.
' L "W H W L W H W
*2 . 0:24 O.S 7:26 5.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.3
\u25a0>3 " . 1:19 0.9 S:C4 5.3 2:04 1.5 S:ll 4.7
24 ' 2-09 1.0 8:41 S.5 2:51 . O.&j !):13 4.9
25 '.. 2:52 1.3 9:1S| 5.S 3:34| 0.2| 10:12J 5.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornim? tides are- given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gi%-es the last tide of the
dav, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes tho height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth Riven by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
On September 7, in latitude 48 degrees
53 minutes south, longitude 65 degrees 4
minutes west, the American passed the
British bark Formosa from Antwerp for
San Diego. The captain asked to be re
ported all well.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company's American arrived from New
York, via St. Lucia, the Straits of Ma
gellan and Ccroncl, yesterday. While
coaling in the West Indian port she met
with a mishap that will necessitate her
going on the drydock here. The tide went
out and the big 10,000-ton liner settled
down on an uncharted rock. The chances
are that several of the outer plates have
been punctured, but as the American has
a cellular bottom the accident did not
delay her an hour. She left St. Lucia
August 13, passed through the Straits of
Magellan on September S and sailed from
Coronel on September 23. The entire voy
age v.-as made in 76 days, which is a good
run.
Damaged in St. Lucia.
Matters cf Interest to Marinsrs and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF TEE OCEA.N".
The Benjamin Sewall will load lumber at
Mocdyville for Fremantle; the Isabel Brown,
wheat or barley here for Europe, 33s 3d; the
Santiago, merchandise for Honolulu.
Shipment of Grain.
The German, ship H. F. Glade was cleared
yesterday for # Queenstown for orders with
45.949 ctls barley valued at $43,651, 16,520 ctls
wheat valued at $17,360, and 2U.CCO ft lumber as
dunnage valued at ?S00.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo for British
Columbia valued at $19,313, Including the fol
lowing: 1S.513 lbs dried fruit, 2473 lbs bsnns,
215 lbs ham and bacon, 04 cs 818 gals wine,
106 pkgrs groceries and provisions. 200 lbs
bread, 311 gal3 cocoanut oil, 513 pkgs raisins,
4 cs dry goods, 7 tons Cumberland coal, 2C€1
pigs lead, 27 cs arms and ammunition, 2oS0
lbs starch, 34S0 lbs rocin. 40,440 lbs malt, 50
pkgs paints and oils, 7S7 pkgs fruits and
vegetables, 476 lbs 2 cs cheese, 300 pkgs pahte,
15S cs canned coods, SCO tins matches, 2n cs
fuse, ISO lbs coffee, 3 cs honey, 4 pkgs ma
chinery. 12 bdls wire, 216 lbs tobacco. 451 lbs
sugar," 270 lbs spices, 3 cs drugs, 3S9 lbs nuts.
In addition to the above the steamer carried
700 cs salmon for Brisbane, Australia, valued
at $2800, and 2005 cs, valued at $i020 for the
Eastern States.
The Arequipa's Cargo.
The steamer Arequipa tailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $41,915, manifested
and destined as follows: For Mexico, $12,511;
Central America, $SS72; Panama. $10ti0; Peru,
$13,661; Ecuador. $3018; Chile, $3090. The prin
cipal shipments were as follows:
To Mexico— 10 cs S74 ga!s wine. 7 bbls flour,
"45 pkes railroad material, 1C50 lbs grease, 3 cs
rubber goods, 29 pkgs groceries and provisions,
1S2 pkes fruit and vegetables, IOC cs 13S gals
wine, 2C0 lbs spices, 4420 bdls shooks, 1* kegs
nails, S3 pkgs^ paints and oils, 5 piss
lead, 20 bis hay, 3 horses, 2S30 lbs soda,
11 cs drugs, C4 crs potatoes, 120 tons
coai 76 cb hardware, "0 cs candles, 10 cs
meals, 8 sks bran, 7 sks middlings, 82,7iC ft
lumber, 1119 lbs 10 cs dried .fruit. 560 lbs lard,
£21 lbs sago, 140 pkgs paste. 37 cs canned
pooas, 22.343 gals cocoanut oil. 12 pkes agri
cultural implements, 513 lbs nuts, 225 lbs ham
and bacon, 4 bales bags.
To Central America— 1525 bbls flour, 6 bales
leather, 68 pkgs groceries and provisions, 5
Friday, October IS.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins &. Co.
Stmr Acdculco. Russell, Panama; P M S S
Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ladysmith; It
Dunsmuir's Sens Co.
Br stmr Arequipa, Lee, Valparaiso, etc; Bal
four. Ciuthrie & Co.
Ship Kmily F V/hitney, Brigman, Honolulu;
Alexander & Baldwin.
Gei ship H F Glade, Hassloop, Queenstown;
Glrvin & Eyre. -
Schr W H Marstcn, Curtis, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Friday, October 18.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Pugct
Sound ports.
Stmr Acapuleo, Russell, Panama. \u25a0
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Edith, Hall, Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Smith, Amesiiort.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, Moss Landing.
Br stmr Arequipa, Lee, Valparaiso, etc.
Nor stmr Kvarven, Kanitz, Hongkong.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson, Ladysmith. '
Eh?n Kmily PiWhltney, Brlgman, Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowens Landing.
Schr North Bend. Jackson. Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Crancle. Albion.
Schr Connanza, Jacobaen, Cowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
Oct 1. lat 7 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Wayfarer,
\u25a0from Shields, for San Francisco.
Sept 21, lat 10 S, len 24 \V— Br ship Bermu
da, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Per stmr American— SeDt 7, lat 48 58 S, Ion
tS 04 W, Br bark Formcsi, from Antwerp, for
San Dieso; wished to be reported all well.
Pfr ttmr Australia— Oct 17. lat 25 -N. Ion
124 SO "\V, Br eliip Australian, hence Oct 16, for
Queenstown; Oct 17, same position, Er bark
Brusrcls, hence Oct 16, for Queenstown; Oct
17, 10:4.> a m. lat 23 51 N. Ion 124 £4 W, Fr
bark L B T P; Oct 17. 9:43 a m. lat 33 42 N,
!<rn 12T. \V, Bark Alex McNeil, from New
Whatcom, for Valparaiso.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ger ship G H Wappans, from Klaochau, for
Astoria, upon which 10 per cent reinsurance
was being paid, arrived at Astoria, Or, Oct 18.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 18, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind wcat, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct IS— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
HARDY CREEK-Sailed Oct 18-Stmr Na
varro, for San Francisco. '•.:.'
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Acme,
from Bowens Landing: stmr Ruth, from Cas
par.
Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct IS— Schr Roy
Somers, from San Pedro: achr Orient, from
San Pedro. y> •\u25a0-.„\u25a0•
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Oct 18— Schr Se
home, hence Oct 3, for Hastings Mill.
BOWENS LANDING-Sailed Oct 18-Stmr
Luella, for San Francisco.
• Arrivfd Oct IS — Schr Ocean Spray, hence Oc
tober 15.
REDON DO— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 18-Nor ship Plelone,
hence Oct 16, in tow of tug Defiance.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 18— Bark
Tidal Wave, for Port Los Anseles; Ger ship
Pera, for Hamburg.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Oct 18— Ship
Chas E Moody, for Tacoma: Jap stmr Riojun
Maru, from Yokohama, for Seattle.
Passed inward Oct 18 — Bark Snow & Bur
gess, hence Oct 2, for Port Gamble; schr Sa
mar, hence Oct 6, for Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 18— Schr Mary E
Russ. hence Oct. 4: achr "Western Home, hence
Oct 4;- schr Una, hence Oct 3.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 18— Schr Alvena, for
Port \u25a0 Los An»eles. -
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 18— Fr bark Europe,
from Hobart; Br ship Crown of India, from
Nagasaki ; Ger bark G H Wappans, from Klao-
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 18.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 12 days from Pa
peete.
Stmr American, Morrison, 7G days from New
York; 06 day3 from St Lucia; 25 days from
Coronel.
Stmr North Fork, Kosen, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Biagjr.
Stmr Gualala, Gfenereaux, 17 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Empire, Macjenn, 57 hours from Cocs
Eay.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 36 hours from Hu
eneme.
Stmr John S KimbalJ, Thwing, 15 days from
Nome, via Seattle 3 days.
Schr Monterey, Panzer, 60 hours from Cres
cent Cit; r .
Shipping Intelligence.
A "T>'L>TT*Tr'l~\
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Acapuleo sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with merchandise for
Mexico valued at $14,277; Central America,
$43,521; Panama, 43G9; Callao, Peru, $1589. The
cargo Included the following:
For Mexico— 13,257 it lumber. 12,540 lbs chlor
ide of lime, 17 pkgs agricultural implements,
10 cs bread, 440 lbs 16 cs- dried fruit, 44 tons
coal, 521 pkgs car material, 19 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 640 bxs fruit, 5 cs hardware,
V kesrs nails, 8 pkgs paint, 10 pkgs paste, 10
crs potatoes, 14 kegs powder, 320 bdls shooks,
20 kegs staples, 133S lbs soda, 240 lbs sterch,
TAX lbs spices, 65 pkgs vegetables, 15 pkgs
wagon material, 1300 reels wire, 1 cs 744 gals
wine. «^
To Central/ America— E5 pkgs beer, 420 lbs
bread, 7 pkes agricultural implements, 16 cs
boots and shoes, 401 bales bags, 28 pkgs car
material, 1347 gals cocoanut oil, 2200 gals coal
oil, 142 lbs codfish, 10 coils cordage, 91 cs
canned sroods, 295 lbs dried rruit, 60 cs dry
goods, 82 bales domestics, 58 pkgs fruit, 29*4
bbls flour, 74 pkgs groceries and provisions,
247 lbs ham, 35 cs hardware, 77 bdls 110 bars
iron. 19 bales leather, 2810 lbs lard, 3990 ft
lumber, 2810 lbs lard. S3 pkgs machinery, 16.330
lbs malt, 21 crs onions, 132 pkgs paints and
oils, 2C2 crs potatoes, 87 bills paper, 41 bdls
pipe fittings, 47,636 lbs rice, 7075 ibs rosin, 5153
lbs spic*es. G cs salmon, 43 kegs staples, 4S3 bdls
shcoks. 47,511 lbs tallow, 161 lbs tea, 68 gals IDS
cs whisky, £0 cs 554 gals wine.
To Panama— 951 bbls flour, 100 crs onions,
4205 lbs sugar, 62 cs salmon, 17 cs canned
goods, 21 gals wine, 19,847 ft lumber, 100 lbs
dried fruit.
To Callao — 17,474 lbs dried shrimps.
Among the Australia's cargo were 141
cases of vanilla, 11,925 bags copra, 32,070
cocoanuts, a lot of fungus and some gen
eral merchandise.
\V. F. Dctv. Paul Feutier and wife. Sli&H
Jane Fcutier, Mrs. Lizzie Gooding and chll" 1 .
Mrs. Nathalie Jauanr.et and two children,
Max Kurka, Dr. Henri Le Molne, wife and
child; General Julius Lebre, Clavius Marius,
wile and three children.
Second cabin— M. AV. Davis, Eli Holton,
Amec.ee Maret and wife, James May, N'Guyen
Hawk Bang, Huynh Van Tho, Richard Rirldle
and Henry Sidles. '
The Australia was delayed at Papeete
owing to the arrival of the Australian
mail steamer Taviuni. It is a rule of the
port that any vessel which has discharged
must gi into the stream to make room
for the next vessel that comes in. Ac
cordingly, when the Taviuni came in the
Australia had to zo into the stream to
make room for her and in consequence it
was Sunday afternoon instead of Satur
day morning when the mail boat got away
for San Francisco.
On September SO. in latitude 10 degrees
south, loagitude 145 degrees west, the pas
sengers and crew en the Australia wit
nessed the formation of a waterspout.
Captain Lawless says that in all the
years he has been to sea he never wit
nessed such a sight before. A cloud no
bigger than a man's hand appeared on
the horizon and approached the steam
ship rapidly, growing as it advanced.
Suddenly it stopped and a white space,
like a funnel, appeared in the midst of it.
Simultaneously the ocean under the cloud
began to boiJ and gradually rise up to
meet the vapor. Several times the water
fell back, only to rise higher the next
time, but just .as water and cloud were
about to join the disturbance made by
the Australia as she rushed through the
water broke the connection and the dis
play was over.
The Australia took the account of Pres
ident McKinley's death to Tahiti. She
signaled the news of the assassination to
the man-of-war Durance and the captain
of that vessel sent the news to the United
States Consul, and at the same time put
his flag at half mast.
The Australia brought up nineteen cab
in, seven second cabin and five steerage
passengers. Those in the first cabin were:
parted were the Pacific Mail Com
pany's Acapuleo, which sailed for Pana
ma and way ports, and the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company's Arequipa for Cen
tral and South American ports. The
American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's American arrived from New York
before daybreak and the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's Australia from Tahiti,
with the French mail, decked about S:30
a. m.
THE names of all the ocean steam
ers that arrived and departed yes
terday began with the first letter
of the alphabet. Those that de-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Cymric,
for New York.
Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Cufic, from New York.
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver, via Honolulu, etc.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Au-
G LA SGOW— Arrived* Oct IS— Stmr Coreanl
from Philadelphia.
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 18-Stmr Furnessia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Oct IS — Stmr
Deutschland, from Hamburg, for New York.
PAPEETE— In port Oct 2-Fr transport Du
rance, Fr ffunboat Zelee, Dan bark Kmbla.
from Hamburg;.
Arrived Oct 5 — Br stmr Ovalan. from Auck
land, r.rd sailed Oct 6 for Auckland.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 17— Br stmr Miowera,
from Vaneri'.vcr.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Oct . 17— Ship
Star of Bengal, from Adelaide.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct IS— Br stmr Doric,
hence Sent 20.
SINGAPORE— Sailed Oct 17— Br stmr St
Qventin, for Boston. /
MOJI— Sailed Oct lfi— Br stmr Langbank, for
IQUIQUE— In port Sept 14— Schr Manila, dis
eharslng.
START POINT— Pawed Oct 14— Ger shin
Marie Hackfeld. from Hamburg, for Honolulu.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 15— Br bark Kelver
dale, from Newcastle, Ars.
CALETA BUENA— Arrived Sept 10— Br stmr
Copac, from New York.
chau; Ger ship Nesaia, from Talcahuano; Nor
ship Albania, from Panama.
NF.AH BAY— Passed . in Oct 18— U S stmr
Columbine, from lighthouse stations.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Cottage
City, in tow of Btmr Dirigo, from Skaguay.
Sailed Oet 17— Jap stmr Kagra Maru, for
Hongkong; stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay. Oct IS,
11 a m— Stmr Pleiades, for San Francisco: stmr
St Paul, for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct IS— U S stmr Dix, for Manila.
Arrived Oct 18— Jap stmr Riojun Maru, from
Hongkong:.
PORT LUDLOW- Arrived Oct IS— Schr Snow
& Burgess, hence Oct 2. |
FOREIGN PORTS.
To Chile— 510 cs salmon, 50C0 lbs lard, 4 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1620 lbs codfish, 245 cs
canned goods.
bxs raisins, 4 C3 510 gals wine, 545 lbs ham
and bacon, GIG lbs lard, 32 crs potatoes and
onions, 8 cs canned goods, Go pkgs paints and
oils, 130 lbs cheese, 600 lbs dried fruit, 3 pkgs
machinery, 2000 lbs sulphur, 3000 lbs fire clay,
22,390 ft lumber S4 kegs nails.
To Panama— 250 bbls flour, .4 head live stock,
39 sks middlings, 63 sks bran. 19 sks meal.
To Peru— 1570 cs salmon, SOO0 lbs codfish. 200
lbs dried fruit, £PG pkgs- machinery, 947o lbs
malt, S925 bells shooks, 52 cs canned goods, 27
ga!s wine.
To Ecuador — 750 bbls flour, 12 cs hardware,
4 eci!s ror>e.
THE PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S ACAPULCO AND THE PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY'S AREQU
IPA LEAVING PORT ON A 1400-MILE RUN TO MAZATLAN. BETTING ON THE RACE FAVORS THE ARE
QUIPA, BUT THE ACAPULCO HAS MANY FRIENDS.
Mrs. F. A. Higbee and two children, Mrs.'
Ma Manning and child, G. W. Sweetser, F. A.
Harrison and wife, F. Rons, A. C. Carper, L.
D. Carper, ,K. Bartida. J. W. Marviez. J. F.
Franks. Alfred Bardell. R. Uacunza, F. La
cunza and A. Scmara.
H. Steinsrlauz, Andres Avendano, family and
servant; Miss Herlinda Ucltram. Mfss Anton.*
Beltram, Miss Dolores Rodriguez, Miss Morica
Meza, II. Kamena, V. Rivera, Dr. J. Valades,
Martin Jones, C. L. Volquardsen, Mrs. C. L.
Volquardsen, servant and child; G. Rodriguez,
F. Kelaez, K. de la Rocha, Otllla do la
Rocha, J. F. de Fresne, Mrs. J. F. de Fresne,
Mrs. Elorza, A. Loubet, Carmen R. de Soils,
Mrs. Mcrena and servant, Guillermo Haas, R.
Carsaga, Mrs. R. Careaga, servant and child;
Mrs. Rico and two children, Jose Reynard,
George A. Moore, G. A. Morrlll, Mrs.. Nicolasa
Gutierrez, Miss' Maria Teresa Gutierrez, F. F.
Sharplesrs, M. J. Lidstone, H. J. Cohn, J. J.
Matthews. F. G. Brane, Carlos Mosley, Mrs.
E. W. Mumford and child. Mrs. Morrow. M}ss
Morrow, Alexander Normar.d. Joseph Vincent,
C. Butters, Mrs. C. Butters, J. Johnson, C. M.
Dull, N. Wolff, Punlo Ribolse, Gabriela R.
Ribolse, Jac'.nto C. Cortez, Darlo Fabre, Marl
am Hermosillo, Juan Mendez, L>olores R.
Bueno, Cantone Luis, Miss Felipa Mendoza,
R. Thompson, W. G. Carlton, James Sorensen,
William T. Barker, G. B. Stone, E. F. South,
Neil McNealis, "William Senes, Juan Palazio.
The passengers on the Acapuleo were:
Two of the Central American mail
steamers are now racing down the coast.
The Pacific Mail Company's Acapuleo and
the Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
Arequipa were both scheduled to depart
at noon, but were detained. As soon as
the Mail Company's officials heard that
the Arequipa was ready" to pull out the
Acapuleo left her dock and steamed slow
ly down the bay. Passing Mission-street
wharf the Arequipa was just about
straightened out, while the Acapuleo was
under a full head of steam. Passing
Meig-g-s wharf the Acapuleo had a live
minutes' lead, her time by the Merchants'
Exchange observer being 1:40 p. m., .while
that of the Arequipa was 1:45 p. m. Ma
zatlan is the first stopping place, so tho
steamers will have a race of 1400 miles.
When last seen the Arequipa was slightly
in the lead.
The cabin passengers on the Arequipa
were:
Both Steamships Sail in Company for
Central American Ports.
AREQTJTFA AND ACAPTJiLCO RACE
D. T. Ames, who was chief of the hand
writing? exDerts employed by the Govern
ment during the famous Molineux mur
der trial, states that in his opinion the
decision recently rendered by the New
-York State Supreme Court will result in
the acquittal of the young millionaire.
; The chief factor in the evidence result
ing in the conviction of Molineux at the
former trial was the testimony of the ex
perts that the person who addressed the
package which poisoned Mrs. Adams wa3
the same as the one who was responsible
for the Barnett.and Cornish forgeries. In
the forthcoming trial this evidence can
not be admitted, and as there is little else
detrimental to the defendant's case it is
quite possible that he may go free.
Mr., Ames savs that he is firmly con
vinced of ' Molineux's guilt and that an
acquittal will be a gross miscarriage of
justice. To prove that Molineux wrote
the address on the fatal package of bro
mo-seltzer it was necessary to use the let
ters which it is alleged he wrote to va
ritms medical firms under the names of
Barnett and Cornish. The court holds
that the latter were not sufficiently au
thenticated to be used as a standard and
the prosecution loses the groundwork of
I its case.
Supreme Court Decision Is
Death Blow to the
Prosecution.
Ames, Handwriting Ex
pert, Expresses His
/\u25a0Opinion.
SAYS MOLINEUX
WILL GO FREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901.
Captain, Crew and Passengers of Mail Steamship Aus=
tralia Enjoy Awe=Inspiring Sight.
WATCH A WATERSPOUT FORM
WHILE SAILING TO SOUTH SEAS
Frank Silva, a merchant of San Fran
cisco, filed a petition in insolvency yester
day in the United States District Court.
He states his liabilities at ?2329 15 and his
assets at J2350.
Petition in Insolvency.
The principal island of the Marquesas is
750 miles from Tahiti. Governor Feutier
is very anxious that ]the steamers should
call at this island, both going and com
ing. He says this Island produces the
largest quantity of mother-of-pearl of any
place in the world, and a mutual benefit
could be established by the steamers call
ing in there.
Inspector General Lefevre is also en
route to Paris. He is returning after a
tour of iiispeet!on of the military force
stationed at Tahiti.
Governor Paul Feutier of the Marquesas
Islands arrived here yesterday en route
to Paris to take a vacation and Is staying
at the Grand. He says that the new
steamship service between this port and
Tahiti, which was instituted by the
Oceanic Steamship Company, is of great
tx-nelit to everybody.
Governor Fentier cays the commerce
between this city and Tahiti is rapidly in
creasing and that within a short time all
the merchandise purchased in the islands
will come from San Francisco.
The natives of Tahiti are not anxious to
work, says Governor Feutier. as nature
in that part of the world is most gener
ous. The natives live on a vegetarian and
fruit diet. Bananas and bread fruit grow
in great quantities, and consequently the
natives do not have to work. On the next
trip of a steamer from San Francisco a
large shipment cf meat will be made as
an experiment.
Meat Will Be Shipped There
as an Experiment by
Next Steamer.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA.
GOOD-BY CONCERTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— TO-MORROW.
SUNDAT EVENING,
Popular Night at Popular Prices— 25c, 50c, 73c
Messrs. Ellinghouse and Oppenhelmer announce
the Farewell Appearances of
MK. CHANNING ELLERY'3
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
hj ARTISTS 50 < j
EIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director. S Q
Assisted by \
MME. JOANNA BARILI. Soprano.
MISS IDA B. HflNTZEN. Harpist.
SEATS READY— ALHAMBRA BOX OFFICE.
Evenings at 8 sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GAVALLERIA and I PAGLIAGC!
Matinee To-Day and Sunday Night.
"Elf NAN I."
NEXT WEEK—
"NQRMA," with Avadano, the Great Tenor,
and "UJOHEME."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
THIS EVENING.
Geo. H. Broadhursf s Musical Farce,
RUDOLPJIandADOLPH
Witn the Two Emperors of Germany.
MASAN AND MASON,
40 COMEDIANS 4O
TO-MORKOW NIGHT.
"A FEMALE DRUMMER"
WITH
JOHNSTONE BENNETT.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
BELaSCOA^oTefjUrS^r^
i ll "*^ W7S7S CUV /till
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evs:.— Last Times,
John A. Stevens' Successful Melodrama,
WIFE FOR WIFE
One of the most powerful realistic slays ever
presented.
ppirp? Evenings 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c, 60o
rniV/CJ Matinees 10c, 15c. Kc
NEXT MONDAY — Mammoth spectacular
production of "THE COTTON KING."
The Big Production of, the Year.
BASEBALL.
SACRAMENTO ys. OAKLAND
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION FARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
HILL'S THEATER, «sJSffik
(Remodeled Pabst Cafe.) Cor. Ellis and Pow.
ell. First-class vaudeville. Ladles' Orchestra,
Moving Pictures. Matinee Sunday, 2 p. m.
Admission 10c and 25c.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. , Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. •
GRAND HOTEL.
Weekly CaIl,$1.00 per Year
The more purely negative soap is, .
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless you have used Pears' soap
you probably do not know what we
mean by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali in it— nothing but soap.
Established over ioo years.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TWO NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAT.
FLORODORA.
Beginning Next Monday.
STUART ROBSON
As "BERTIE THE LAME" In
Bronson Howard's Greatest American Comedy,
"CHF HENRIETTA"
A Veritable All-Star Cast
Maclyn Arbuckle. Dorothy Rossmore, _Russ
AVhytal and others.
SEATS NOW READY.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Saturday, Oct. 19.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
New Vaudeville Fayorites!
Monroe, Idack and Lawrence, De
Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker,
Joe, Buster and Myra Keaton and
the Biograph. Last times of 'Maud
Sorensen and Tom Dunn, Sisters
O'Meers, Mitchell and Barnard and
Wilfred Clarke and Co.
ll MA Inl P HOliSE
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
THE LUTLEJSNISTER.
Week commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
WALTER E. PERKINS
"THE ui~M$ MEXICO."
By H. A. Du Souchet.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 13c. 23c, 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c. :
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
OL^f H MAT R £?AP
TO-NIGHT AND ALL, NEXT WEEK.
\ IT'S THE REAL THING.
ITS TOWN TALlf.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c.
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
HARRY HARMON, High Diver.
special To-night !
Championship Cakewalk,
N ;;V INCLUDING ,
WISE and MILTON of Australia vs. THE
STEWARTS of San Franci3co.
Telephone for seats. Park 23.
IJTCpiJpR'Q CONCERT HOUSE,
tflDl/nHttO Admission 10c. *
Bartelmese; Maud De Alma; Harry "Holmes;
Herr Huber; Eleanore Jenkins; Sydney Smith;
"Val Vousden; Silvia Puerari and Hlnrlchs'
Orchestra. .
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open . daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, Be.
Bathing. Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT CAUSES DANDRUFF.
Greatest European Authority on Skin
Diseases, Savs It's a Germ.
The old Idea that dandruff Is scales of
eHii thrown off through a feverish con-
dition of the scalp is exploded. Professor
tTnna. Hamburg, Germany, European au-
thority on skin diseases, says dandruff is
a germ disease. The germ burrows under
the pcalp. throwing up little scales of
cuticle and sapping- the vitality of the
hair at the root. The only hair prepara-
tion that kills dandruff germs is Newbro's
Herpicide. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect." Xot only cures dan-
druff, but stops falling hair and causes a
luxuriant growth. Delightful hair dress-
lr.g.
POLITICAL,
RALLY!"
GRAND RATiFIGATION
MEETING
OF
REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES
Under the Auspices of the
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE
AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
Saturday Evening,
October 19th.
MYRON B. WO F,
HON. DUNCAN McKINLEY,
P. A. BERGERJT,
Film, hoh II. WlLLj
And other prominent speakers will address the
meeting. MAURICE L. ASHER,
Chairman Republican Campaign Committee.
P. H. PRENDERGAST. Secretary.
• • . FOR . . .
MAYOR,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
For Tax Collector,
Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
. — FOR—
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN KOMIXEE.
VOTE FOR
F». BOLAND,
Democratic Nominee for
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
{Incumbent.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I '.'.-'- 5
| ' .;; • . j
\u2666 Its Secret - i
\u25a0 T
jj The choicest of select grain A
X and thorough maturing is the *
t secret of the purity, the per- I
\\ fection and the excellence of )
\M \u25a0\u25a0• I
j Si ' Baltimore §
i^^S^^S !t ' stheon5 y° ne \u25a0
J *^y^N^—^|i« ! m °^ '^ s k'°d and
• Il is P articu!ar! y !
* JCw^&f^t^**"'^ women because of \u25a0
i CHRISTT&WISE COMMISSION* CO., Inc., 5
n 22S-22j California St., Sail Ki-anclsco, Cal. t
k , . Telephone ilain 873. ; J
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
'- '. U2O BKOAD \V AT.' N. Y-
ADVERTISEMENTS. - W -^ J^^ J^.
\x ' ——————— ' i^.
COPYRIGHT t»SO IY THE PROCTER A GAMBLE CO. CINCINNATI
SOAP DIGNITY.
|1F^E|T IS easy to find a pure soap; it is easy
W% to find a cheap one. The problem is
M^Jjto find both combined; a soap that is
pure yet inexpensive. Ivory Soap is the best
solution of that problem. It is an original
product, evolved after years of experiment and
research. It is the most of pure soap for
\the least money. It stands approved to-day
by a second generation of Ivory Soap users.Foreign Futures.
ST.' JOSEPH, Oct. 18.— Receipts. 14C0. Mar
ket dull but generally steady. Natives. $3(0;
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.-CATTLE— Receipts 2000.
Steady at decline of Wednesday and -Thursday.
Good to prime steers,, 'nominally $6 10@6 SO;
poor to medium, $3 75@5 90; stockers and feed
ers, $2 75@4 75; . cows, $l<g4 CO; heifers, $2 60@
4 75; canners, $1@2 25; bulls, $1 75@4 75; calves".
$3@6 35; " Texas steers, $2 S0@3 75; Western
steers, $3 75<g5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 21,000. Slow and 5@10c lower,
closing dull. Mixed and butchers, • J6@6 60; good
to choice ..heavy, $6 20(S6 70: rough heavy, $3 SO
($6 15; light. $5 90(g6 25: bulk of sales, $6@6 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Dull and lower.
Good to choice wethers, $3 500190; fair to
choice mixed, $3ig;3 40; Western sheep, S3<f?3 50;
native lambs, $2 75@4 75; Western lambs, $4 23®
4 50.
... - ST. JOSEPH. -•',,\u25a0,..* v.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
,;i ' ' ' \u25a0'\u25a0
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 8% 5 9%
Closing 5 8% 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— . . Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 20 90 22 00 \u25a0
Closing 21 00 22 10
Flour— . . .•
Opening .........:... 26 55 28 10
Closing 27 15 23 15 s
NEW TORK, Oct. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was idle In antici
pation of to-morrow's holiday and the stagna
tion of American stocks was phenomenal. Cop
prr rallied 10 shillings, but the copper stocks
were Inclined to hang back.
Gold to the amount of $250,010 has been sent
to Egypt. . Gold exports to Paris are no longer
ff-ared, but Austria and 'Germany are still
inquiring for the motal. "
- CLOSING. e-J."^
LONDON. Oct. 18.— Anaconda. 7%; Atchison,
London Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@21c; dairies,
13@19c. Cheese, steady, 9«i@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 18c.
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 \u25a0 3,000
Wheat, bushels 155.C00 121,000
Corn, bushels 199,000 53,000
Oats, bushels 203,000 122,000 '
Rye, bushels 105,000 2.C00
Barley, bushels 63,000 15,000
Continued en Page £lc?ea.
There was considerable activity again on ths
morning session of the Bond Exchange, but
the only -noteworthy fluctuation was st:i! hi?h
er prices ".for Makaweli Sugar at $29 "PT>.
There were free tiansactiens in the oil st-,ck^
at about the quotations of the p"ec?dins day.
Business in local stocks was a;ain good in
the afternoon with an advance in Ca!if« rr.ia
Wine at $UC@SD 50. and in Hutchinson Sugar.
which touched $13.
The McKittrick Oil Co. has levied an a«^es>»
•nent of lo. delino.upnt November 12: Sfemta
Oil Co.. one «f Jc. dsllwjuenl November :>.
The assessment of the ITkiah Oil Corr>r.:.ny
of 2c rell delinquent en the 11th and thTt of
5c on the Century Oil Company yesterday.
STOCK AND ~B0ND" EXCHANGE
• FRIDAY, Oct. IS-: p. in.
UNITED STATES BONDS. /\u25a0; • •
Hid.Asii. Rid. A^^c.
4s Qttai coup... Hi 11314 4s qr c (new>.I2t> 14->
4* quar reg 112 U- M - 3s quar ooup..lOS',iK3ti
MISCELLANEOUS UONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.HW.ilO7 [Oceanic BS ."v-i.lftjii —
Cal-st 3s US — iOmnii-us C Cs.in'i —
C C Water r.s.lll',iiri'~^ Pac G lnr> Is. — —
Ed L & P 6s. — i:n» ; ! Pk & C II 6-3. 109 —
Fer & C II 63. — li! . Pk & O It 6s.l21<— '
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. — ; — *<&'
, H C & S 3',i». — — I Sac E O R 3s. 08 93%
Do 5? 93 — ' S F & SJV 53.122> A li5V»
STOCK MARKET.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head remain as
previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
k'ip "J%c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf. lt'Si
lOV-c: Dry Hides. 16@ieYtc; Culls. 14c; Dry Kip,
16c"; Dry Calf, lSc; Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15ifi30c each; short Wool,
4C@60c each; medium, 50(fi75c: long Wool. S0c@
$; 10 each; "Horse Hides, salt. $2 ."<vg?2 73 for
large and $2®2 23 for medium, $1 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large. $1.23@1 30. for medium, $123 for small
and 50c for. Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. SOc; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras.
73c: large and smooth. oOc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— Refined, "6'.4c; No. 1 rendered, 5@
5%c per lb; No. 2. 4@4%e: grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1D0O or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months. 7<f?Sc: Oregon . Valley fine. ll@
joe; do, medium and coarse. HVtl2e; Oregon,
Eastern, choice,, llliluo; do, fair to good "9S
lie. Nevada. 10@12c. ' •
}*all— San Joaqitin. 6%@S%c; San Joaquln
Lambs*. 7%1?9c; Mtddte County. SigiOc; North
ern Mountain, free. 9<311c; do. defective. S@9c*
Humboldt ar.d Mendocino. IIQI^S per lb.
HOPS— 9©10c lor fair and liyuc per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices stand the same. Supplies of every
thing are fair and about what the market can
stand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%JfS%c; small. 8g'.«c n Pr Ih-
MUTTON- Wether?. C%@7c; Ewes/ f^Uc n, r
puuiid. • . _"v ZZl
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under 6c- over
230 lbs 5%ef%ei« feeders. i sows ; %• ™£
cent off; boars. 30 per cent off. ami sta— .n
per cent off from the above quotations- dresmd
Hogs. 7%©"Jc. ~ oc -*
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Hags 7 C - iocal
make. Vie less than Calc-uttas; WtrtjEJZan
32f/S5c: Fleece Twin*. 7%«TSc; Fruit Rags.' 5»iQ
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute
COAL-AVellington. 13 per lon : " Southfle , a
Wellington $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. KE0~C6M
Bay. $3 50! Wallser.d. $9; Co-operative Walls-ml
S3; .Cumberland.- *l- i« in bulk "ad $£ fi in
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@69c; No. 2 red,
714i72c; No. 2 corn, yellow, 57'/.c: No. 2 oats. 36
(!136%c; No. 2 white, 3SVi€3S%c; No. 3 white, 37%
(g'SSttc; No. 2 rye, 56@56%c; fair to choice malt
ing barley, 54@57c; No. 1 flax seed, $153; No. 1
Northwestern. $154; prime timothy seed, $5 55©
5 65; mess pork, per barrel, $13 90@13 95; lard,
per 100 lbs. ?9 52%(g9 55; short-rib sides (loose),
$S32%@8 50; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@
7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 90<ft9; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30. \u25a0"
X ; X- j
"NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Unfavorable signs are rare in the business
outlook. Manufacturing industries . enjoy ex
ceptional activity and most jobbers and re
tailers find no occasion for complaint. Mild
weather is the one influence that j may be
charged with retarding retail merchandise dis
tribution, yet it is the general opinion that
sales thus postponed will be made up later.
The same Influence is invaluable In facili
tating the handling 1 of crops, erecting buildings
and other outdoor work. Although a fifth of
the year is still to be heard from, including
the usual interrUDtion of elections and possi
ble disturbance of legislation, there is good
evidence that the volume of legitimate business
will largely exceed all rrevious records. Specu
lation is comparatively quiet, both in securi
ties and outlons, on leading products, whicli
emphasizes the activity in trade channels, as
shown by bank exchanges for the week at New
York 33 per cent larger than last year and 8.4
above IS99, while at other leading cities the
gnins were 16.3 and 9.1 per cent, respectively.
Strength without inflation still characterizes
the iron and steel situation. .Despite two
months of Interruption by the strike, evidence
accumulates that the year will surpass all
records in production of finished material and
consequently in consumption of ore and
plgircn. Orders already booked for de
livery far into 1902 promise that next
year will bring still higher records, and
the steadiness of prices makes the outlook
especially favorable. Mills a3 a rule have
practically closed contracts for all the order*
that can be filled this year and future devel
opments can only affect conditions In 1902 as
to finished steel. Heavy orders are recorded
for rails, with a free movement of structural
material, while wire and wire nails go abroad
in large quantities. Pieriron is hardening un
under the various demand, forge and Southern
foundry securing definite advances, and Bes
semer in Plttsburg is firm at $16.
Tin nlates are almost restored to normal
prices. Since domestic mills have resumed and
imports ceased the London market has de
clined sharply. Copper rose In the face of re
r-orts that a large reduction in list prices was
contemplated by leading producers to reduce
stocks. Footwear factories still have many
weeks' full employment on heavy-weight goods
for winter. Supplementary orders for season
able lines still arrive from Eastern Jobbers.
Prices . are not quotably higher, though the
rapid rise of leather and hides has taken so
much of the profit that shoes must soon de
tprlorate In quality, if better quotations are not
forthcoming. C
Leather has berun to exhibit symptoms of
speculation, but buying by the leading manu
facturers for actual consumption "also reaches
a lanre total. ....
"Woolen Roods are more quiet, yet shipments
of ovpr 5.000.000 pounds of wool weekly from
Bnrtcn indicates no decrease in activity at the
miRs. \u25a0
•Fluctuations In cereals were small, with
market!" d>:ll and featureless. "Wheat -lost a
little of the early* gain, although declining
prices a year ago make the difference smaller
than it has- been at any time this crop year. I
Forpisrn buyln«r of flour is still unsatisfac
tory, but the outgo of wheat Is heavy. For the
week United States exports, flour included,
amounted to 4,351,053 bushels, compared with
3.64C.761 bushels last year and 4.2S5, 766 bushels
i tv-'o years a:ro.
Western receipts of S 093,614 bushels, against
I 7.426.651 bushels last week, and 7.12S.419 a year
\u25a0 ago. indicate that the new crop UTjaing mar
keted Ipfs freoly. growers holdinsr back. In ex
ypetatlnn of better prlcr«. flpsjilte the esti
mate for for»irn pnivinrftics . that the world's
yl-l.1 wM;>\ce<"1 2.700.O00.0C0 bushels. '.
j Failures for the week numbered 223 in ' the
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 12«4<gl3c for light medium. 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14(5l4%c; California
Hams, 13%c: Mess Beef. $ll*per barrel; extra
Mess $12; Family. $12 50; Prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 7%(5Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrel r, pure,
12'Ac; 10-lb tins, 12%c: 5-lb tins. 127»c; 3-lb tins,
13c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10',ic; one tierce. 10V s c; two tierces,
10c- five tierces, 'J%c per lb.
Quotations remain unchanged. The demand
for local consumption and shipment is fair.
The tone of the market Is steady.
Provisions.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— *
October 69% 69% 6S% C9%
December 70% 71Vi - 70% 71
May 74»,i 74% 71 74Vi
Corn No. 2—
October .... ....- 55Vs
December 5G% 56% E6% 56%
May 5S% 59 68% 5S%
Oats No. 2—
October 34%
December S5% 35% 35% 35%
May 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October .' 13 S2%
January 15 20 15 35 15 20 15 22V=
May 15 32% 15 37% 15 27% 15 27%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 9 47% 9 55 9 47% 9 52Vi
November 9 32% 9 42% 9 37% 9 40
January 9 10 9 17% 9 10 9 10
May 9 10 9 20" 9 10 9 12%
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
October 8 50
January 7 92% 7 95 7 90 7 92%
May 8 00 8 05 8 00 S 02%
NEW YORK STOCKS AND BONDS.
Stocks fiales High Low Close
Atchison 21.r»0> 7S% 77»i 77?i
A«chlson pM 1.9V) 97 Sti'.i S6W
Baltimore & Ohio I.GOO 103H Wi m
IJalthr.ore & Ohio pfd... 100 ii3*i UV* 9?
Canadian Paciflc 509; 11G% 110 110
Canada Southern 1*> S!»i «% 82
<:hr-saj-r-ai:e & Ohio 1.6T0 4r,'-; 4r,i,j 4514
Chicago & Alton SW S7'/» ,<7 Zr,\
Chicago & Alton ;jfd... 100 77« i 77»i 77'S
Chkapo. Ind & Louis... L"<H 41 10 . 4'"i
Chi. Ind & Loul* j>.'d.. 5<W 72'i 71<4 71«4
Chicago & Kaittrn 111.. ..... '
'nUcato *"-iat West.. 13.703 2Z% 22',i 23
NEW YOHK. Oct. IS.— Attention was wholly
centered en the Northern Facific question to-
Gay, end the more the operators In stocks
ptud'.ed the problem the more they did not
understand it. The continued activity of
"Vortbern Pa<-:Sc preferred, in striking con
trast to its stagnant condition up to yester
dav over since the corner of the common
KlJck. was the occasion of interest in the street.
Conjecture exhausted itself in framing rumors
that would givv a plausible explanation of this
development- The c&aciusion seemed unavoid
able tr.at active steps were- being taken in the
Northern Pacific settlement, although there
were some observers bold enough to claim that
the transactions in Northern Pacific preferred
did not represent genuine transfers of the stock
at ali. Th:s interpretation wss strained, but
it serves to illustrate the completely mystified
condition in the street. Another rather far
fetched explanation was that the new Burling
ton raiiwav incorporated "Wednesday would ex
change its' stock ior the bonds which were is
eued jointly by Northern Pacific and Great
Northern in exchar.se for the Burlington 6tock
purehafc. This operation would be in effect
to canoe! the whole Burlington deal and thus
remove the cause of conflict for control of
Northern Pacific. But this would not explain
the absence cf a Fir.gle share of Northern Pa
cific common In the dealings. That it might
be a satisfactory solution to some of the cap
italists concerned In the venture was not
doubted. The broad intimations from sources
usually accredited to Morgan influences of the
undoubted right of the Northern Pacific Com
pany to retire Northern Paciflc preferred caused
an uneasy feeling that the whole dispute was
In danger of breaking out again, although the
urging of such a .c'.aim without enforcing it
might be des'.Eneil to exert moral influence
upon the points in the settlement.
The source of the selling in Northern Pacific
preferred continued to be shrouded in mystery,
and the fact that Harriman brokers were
employed in come of the selling added to the
confusion of sentiment, whether designedly or
:io. As it is believed that the Morgan-Hill
claims to aticolute control rest entirely upon
their holding of a majority of the common
stock with a proposed retirement of the pre
ferred, it was ingeniously ruggested that their
holdings of tha preferred might be coming
upen the market. But this would not explain
the advancing price of the preferred, which
reached 1C8% at one time to-day. This served
also to refute the suggested retirement at par.
Another suggestion was that a valuation above
par might be designed for the Mock in the
terms of exchange v.-ith the stock of the in
tended recurities holding company, it was
significant that in all this whirl of rumor and
FUFjrCFtion thrre was no further sugges
tion that the plans for community of interest
were to be taken j:p where they left off when
the May 9 cyclone interrupted them. The
course of the market was generally downward,
resulting in reducing or wiping out the early
fTainK except in F;>ecial instances, notably
Hrork'yn Rapid Transit and Amalgamated
Copper. There was ancther sale of 200 shares
of Lake Shore at a further advance of lo
lio!ntf=. There was strength in Lackawanna.
the J.!«nn«apolis and St. I^ouis stocks, the Iowa
Or.tral stocks. Leather preferred and other
]*tb jirominent stocks. To-morrow's hank
statement, with a decrease in cash indicated
of leFS than two million dollars, will depend
upon the loan account. Total sales were 516.000
shares.
The railroad bond market was pretty firm,
owing to the demand for some of the converti
ble bonrls. Total sales, par value, $2.06i,OOO.
I'nited States bonds were all unchanged on
tho laFt call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
#.. — *
CHICAGO. Oct. 18.— December wheat at the
opening registered a gain of %c overnight in
response to an advance at Liverpool and ad
ditional news of the evil effects of dry weather
in Argentine. The market started with sales
ranging from 70%@71c to 70%. Liberal buying
for the long account .and covering sent the
price up to 71',ic during the afternoon, and
although there was fair selling by traders who
were disappointed at the slack export demand
and an advance in ocean freights the market
held firm and December closed %c up at 70%@
7lc.
Corn was moderately active and prices held
steady under the strengthening influence of
wheat. December closed %c higher at 56%®
56%c.
The Oat market was a narrow one. Decem
ber closed %@Vic higher at 35>4c.
Provisions were quiet and prices easier be
cause the run of hogs was greater than had
been expected. Local packers sold early,
while there was buying for snorts and for the
English account. Pork closed 5c lower, 'lard
5ffI7V:C down and ribs 5c depresssd.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 E4Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86»£
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57?i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 -@ 47fcj
Wheat and Other. Grains.
WHEAT — The market is showing more tone
all over the world. Paris and Liverpool fu
tures were both higher. The Continent, how
ever, is responding slowly to the Improvement,
at least as far as American wheat is concerned.
Argentine cables report 6till further damage
to the crop by drought, and say that the pros
pects are for a small crop. The amount on
passage to the. United Kingdom has decreased
materially during the past month. .
Chicago opened firmer on the better foreign
advices, and rose lc. There was some foreign
buying. There Is still .a large short Interest
to be reckoned with, however. The West and
Southwest and commission houses are big buy
ers.
This market was more active and higher
again on call, but the shipping grades showed
no further "Improvement.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96V4c; milling, 9S9ic
@?1 C2'A per ctl.
CALL BOARD, SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— SCCO
ctls. 99c; 1S.O00. 99Uc; 36,000, 99%c. May— 14,000,
$1 04U: 32,000, $1 04%.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 99VJc;
2000, 99Vic. May— 10,000, Jl 04%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
J9c. May-SCOO, Jl 04%. I
Afternoon Session— December — 1000 ctls. 99%c.
BARLEY — There is less talk of increased
steadiness, and no improvement in quotations
is visible. Offerings here are light and there
is a scarcity of choice bright feed.
Feed, 72%@73?;c for choice bright, 70@71J.4c
for No. 1 and 67Vic for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77 1 / i@S2 1 ,2c; Chevalier, 95c@
Jl 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Previous prices rule, with a fair de %
mand for Feed and Seed account.
Grays, $1@1 20; whites, $1 15@1 30; black, $10
1 20, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN — There is nothing new to report. The
I market is dull, with light offerings and no im-
I ports from the East.
Eastern is quoted to arrive In bulk at Jl 62%
for White, ?1 52% for Yellow and ?1 57%@1 BO
for mixed.
RYE— 75®77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family ' Extras, $3 25g>
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 73
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ths trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye I
Meal, %Z 50; Rice Flour, V. Corn Meal, $3 25; I
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, H I
04 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 Su{IS 35;
In sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, ?5; Split Peas,
J5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
The chief feature of the Hay market at
present is the scarcity of cars, .which Is handi
capping the business more or less. The mar
ket continues firm, with moderate receipts.
Feedstuffs are as before quoted. I
BRAN— $20<§20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 60 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Jobbing.
|28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake. ?20®21; Corn Meal.
$31fjm 50; Cracked Corn, {31 50i@35; Mixed Feed,
$1S@19. • .
HAY— Wheat, $8@11; Choice, $11 50; Wheat
and Oat. $7 50@10 50; Oat, $8©10; Barley and
Oat. $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover. $5 50<g 7;
Volunteer, $5@S: Stock, $507 per ton.
STRAW— 30®45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans have shown little change In price3
for a number of days. The market Is still
quoted dull and weak.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 40@2 50; Small White, ?3 40
@3 50; Large White. $2 25® 2 50; Pea, $3@4;
Pink $2 2502 50; Red. J ; Blackeye, $3 23®
3 60; Limas. $4 50@4 S5; Red Kidney, $3 75 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mu3tard. $3 35@3 50; Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3Vi@3%c'for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rapt.,
lVi®l%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@l 9.0; Green, $1 73
@2 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
A car. of Merced Sweets came in and sold
at the flat figure quoted below.'
Onions continue steady, with reduced stocks.
There is no change worthy of note in Pota
toes. ' ' ' •
There is nothing of importance in Vegetables,
except that the summer kinds are generaljy
steady." except Beans, which are in oversuppiy
for the. demand.
POTATOES— 40@75c in' sAcks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas- Burbanks, $lig>l 3u;
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals anil St?
13c for standard to fancy iloorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 6SI!7c; sun-dried. Vz'Q^'zC',
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears. 4@Sc; Plums, pitted.
3V-@5c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines. 5@6c for
red" and 5%@6%C for white; Figs, Zyt,@i l /"G for
black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 5%@5%c; 40-50's. 4?i@3c; 50-60's, 4^@
4%c; 60-70's, S%®4c; 70-80's, 3»4@3%c; S0-90's, 2%
©3c; 90-100's. 2U@2%c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, • S3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, ?1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
|1 20; Two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4-?ic; Three
crown, 4^»c; Two-crown. 3%c; Seedless Mus
catels, 4Uc; Seedles3 Sultanas, o^c: Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8'/ic;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 7^ic; prime. 6VzC- Fancy seeded, 6Uc;
choice seeded, 5T«c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8!?12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, "c; Almonds, 13014c for papershell, 10
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, IzQlZKc;
Filberts, 12@12>ic; Pecans, ll@13c; Coccanuts.
$3 5Ci75.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll'/ic for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Prices for Seeded Raisins have been estab
lished. These goods continue in unsatisfactory
condition, owing to the dissensions between the
different factions, and the East la inclined to
be careful until the situation gets clearer.
Rather more demand for Prunes is reported
from San Jose, but the market is slow at best.
The other fruits continue dull and unchanged.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz-.-eo-S^IOniona, cer lb 1-f? a
Beet?, doz lniRi— iLeeks. doz bch3...15(g'2O
Beans, white, lb.. 6-3— Okra. green, lb .8^?12^.
Colored, ner lb.. 7,<fi) -\ Green Peppers lb S<fj> 3
Dried Lima. lb.. 6<H> S| Potatoes, per lh.. 2-?i2»i
Green Lima, lb. 6-3 S. Sweet Potatoes, lb 2^ 4
Cranberry Beans.. Cri— (Parsnips, pr doz..lO@—
Cabhage. each — 5^~i Radishes, dz b^hs.l."@"0
Celery, head 5(S— | Sago. do2 bnchs.^^-ffM
Cress, doz bnch.s.l"*} 20: String Beans, lb.. 6@ 8
Cucumbers, doz. ..lu'J^Oj Summer Squash,
Ege Plant, lb *9 6 per pound 4^ 6
Oarlic \*3 81 Sprouts. r>er lb.... 6fS) 8
Green Peas, lb !><57i SjSpinach, r>er lb... 5®
Green Corn. flnz..lW!O'Thyme. doz behs.25'S3 i )
lettuce, rer doz. . ir.tT7;2O; Turnips, per dnz lO^i
Mushrooms, pr lb.40@.'.0| Tomatoes, per lb.. 4f? 6
Fish-
Carp — ©SiPea Bass 12H<7?—
Catfish 10*?— I Smelts V^lffr,
Codfsh VZrdXT Soles ' I l<Bffl
Flounders 8f?K Skates, each..." "" S310
Halibut 12%«ir Squid ... _l|_
Herring -«-,Tomcod '"i^fm
Mackerel 15©— TiiT-bot lV"5
Do. hcrse 10«— j Trout 20W :; 5
Perch K©it)i Brook Trout.... — -S75
Pompino MTr.0;Whitpfish Ifcfi—
Rockccd l? 1; -«i.T'Clan-3. gallon. ....;o.*~
Rockfish 10-P12UJ Do. hardshell, lb SftW
Salmon, fresh. ..12 l -i^l5 Crawfish .. S«7;-">
Dr>. smoked l.*«?25lCrabsC each ....icu^f-
lOffi-lMus'sels. niiart....-f? *
Shrimps — fj\v Ovst^r?. C~\ IPO iOXtZO
Shad im—\ Do. Eas in, dz.:3U43
Striped Bas3 ir,i@ir.
Butter and Es?s show no change, but the
former is declining in the wholesale market,
and the latter are on the verge cf a decline.
There Is no change in Cheese.
Meats are as before quoted. Poultry Is in
plentiful supply this week, owing to large re
ceipts from the Western States.
Salmon is again in season.
Coal, jer ten—
Cannel .„...$— — @1S 00 Sontifleld
Wellington .. @11 CO: Wellington $ -dTU 00
Seattla 9 CO— 11 00 Coos Bay © 7 00
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq.55^C0' Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 4o@50| drzen sr.^n
Packed, per lb 25ta— Eastern Eg^s 25@-0
Cheese, Cal 13t?17 . HoLey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. .17P2-J: pQund 15-B2O
Cheese. Swiss 20 / 3i>i Do, extracted SglO
Common Eggs — 25<g3u
Meats, per ix>und —
Bacon 13S20' Round Steak lCffi —
Beef, choice 12'fJir.i Sirloin Steak 12®—
Do. good 10®— •! Tenderloin do 15®—
Corned Beef 10ft— jPorterhovs? do.. 17^20
Ham IT'S IS .Smoked Beef 20<fJ—
Lard — fil5;Pork, salt 10@12''.
Mutton SKlOPork Choss .-. — @15
Lamb 10®12|Pork Sausages.. 12' i'S 15
Pork, fresh 15©— IVeal 12@—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@60 Rabbits, each ....13(520
TToun^ Roosters. Hare, each @"O
each 50@7"> English Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea.. 40^501 dozen $3 jof?
Fryers, each 3.^4."> ' Jack Snipe... Jl 750
Broilers, each 30@40i Mallard, pair.Sl 25@1 50
Turkeys, per lb...l*<&22i Sprig, pr pair^Scffil no
Ducks, each 50fi73' Teal pair 3O'ff(ji>
Geese, each. . .$1 25@1 50 j Widgeon, pr pair cO^SSrt
Pigeons, pair 40€.'0| Small Duck, pair.40@50
Doves, per doz..— ©1 25 ~Vild Geese, pr.7oc@l 00
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears. Lemons, doz 20®3*>
each SSQC Nutmeg Melons,
Almonds 15(TT2C each 5'SIO
Apples 3® 5 Peaches, per lb... 8® to
Bananas, doz ....15 ( Q25 Pears, lb SiSmi
Blackberries, dwr.20(330 Plums, lb 12io@->o
Cranberries, qt — ifflb Pineapples. each..4O'S'3O'
Cocoanuts, each... — «il0 Pomegranates, dz 40<f?.V>
Chestnuts, per lb.lo(?723 Persimmons, doz.— ®30
Cantaloupes, ea.12%®!.", Quinces, per lb... 3@ 5
Figs, per lb 8<P10 Raisins. z>er lb... 5<gsis
Grapes, rer lb 6® s Raspberries, dwr.40@3O
Grape Fruit. doz...$l 50 Strawberries, per •
Huckleberries, drawer 30fl;s,')
per lb 10®12U Walnuts, per lb... 15^20
Orangas. doz 25@i-0 Watermelons, ea..l0<®39
Limes, doz — @10J
There. was a good business transacted in the
market for evaporated apples to-day. State
common to good. 6@Sc; prime, 8V£c; choice, 9c;
fancy, 9Vi@9%c California dried fruits steady
at old prices. Prunes, 3%@7c. Apricots— Royal,
S%@13c;> Moorpark, \u25a0 8@12c. Peaches— Peeled,
ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS,
LfUTTEK— Keceipts, 4385 packages; steady;
State dairy, ll@2')c; creameries, 15@22c; June
creamery, 17%Ci21c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7221 packages; steady; West
ern candled, 21'/fc@22c; Western uncandled, 16@
21c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 'invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures
closed steady, 15(520 points up; total sales
reached the unusual point of 103,000 bags; No
vember, $5 60@5 70; December. $5 90@3 93; Jan
uary, $5-S5; February, $5 S5@6; March, ?5 95®
6 25; May, ?6 15(S6 40; September, $6 40@6 70.
SUGAR— Raw^ firm; fair refining, 3 5-16@3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13-16c; molasses sugar,
3 l-16c. Refined, steady.
WOOL— Steady.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
23.S70 barrels; exports, 18,481 barrels; firm and
held higher on the 'wheat strength.
WHEAT— Receipts, 82,450 bushels; exports,
S670 bushels; spot, strong; No. 2 red, 78%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 7S?4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. S2^c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were very strong and active all day, showing
the heaviest trade in some months. Buying
was stimulated by bullish Argentine reports
and cables, better outside interest, small North
west receipts and crop ' rumors. Closed strong
at »i@%c net advance; May, 79%@79 13-16c,
closed at 79%c; October closed at 75%c; Decem
ber, 76 12-16c@77 3-16c, closed at 77V8C
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Oniet.
, Receipts of Produce
FOR FRIDAT. OCTOBER IS.
Flour, qr sks 14,414 : Hops. bales — ... 2^?
Wheat, ct!s D.-w; Straw, tons 3
Barley. ctl3 o!>.44'»' Hay. tons 4CI
Oats, ctls 3,4So; Wool, bales (9
Corn, ctls f>0 T.ratJier. roils "02
Tallow, ctls 212: Wine, gals 3.3C0
Shorts, sks 70| F.a^sins. cars 1
Beans, sks 7.732; Ouicksilvpr. flsks »2
Potatoes, sks 5.473.J Susrar, otls 1.71*1
Onions, sks S71I Hides, No ifW
Middlings, sks 36o! Pelts, Cd'.s 1-T>
Bran, sks 3.i:-)'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,2C.'p| Bran. sks.... S.STO
Potatoes, sks 4?3i Middlings, sks 1.1C3
FAP/1ILY. RETAIL MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. 75c@$2 for com
mon. $3 25©3 75 for good to choice and SVfil 25
for fancy; new Navels, $4£4 50; Lemon3, $1@1 25
for common and $2@3 for good to choice; Grain;
Fruit, $1 50@4; Mexican Limes, $6@7;
Bananas. 75CSJ1 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 64
<g3 per dozen.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@50c per box; Canta
loupes. 50@75c per crate; Watermelons, |J@15
per lui>.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more tnan small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater, 25
@40c per box and crate; Tokay,' 25©75c; Muscat,
25@65c; Black, 23@65c; Isabella, 75®S5c; Corni
chon, 75c; Wine Grapes, $26@32 per ton for
Zlnfandel and S20@"5 for White.
PLUMS — 10@C0e per box.
peaches— 50@6uc per box; Peaches in car
riers, C0@90c.
POMEGRANATES-40@75c per small box.
PEARS — Winter Pears, 5UcQ$l 25 per box.
QUINCES — 10@60c per box.
I'ERSIMMON-S— 75c<&.*1 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3<g4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— ?3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $4&5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
FIGS— 50® 75c per box for black and 35@50c
for white. *
Limes are rather lower under the fresh ar
rivals. New Navel Oranges are also weaker.
There is no change in Lemons.
' Melons are' lower" owing to the' continued
cool and cloudy weather. Black Figs are also
off. - -
All other fruits remain about as before.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@|l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@e5c for ordinary.
Grapes continue slow.- - The \u25a0 demand for the
northern steamer was limited, as the ship
ments by the preceding ' steamer arrived In
bad condition. • ' •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Weather Report.
(roth Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. IS— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
late as compared with those of same date last
V, teason, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
* v Last This Last
\ Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.02 4.31 3.16
Red Bluff 0.00 1.93 2.89
Sacramento 0.00 0.56 O./S
Ban Francisco 0.00 0.82 1.24
Fresno 0.00 0.57 0.43
Independence 0.00 0.77 0.84
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.28 1.31
Los Anseles 0.00 0.12 0.2o
San Diego 0.00 0.06 0.10
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CO: minimum, 52: mean, 56.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 6S-42 Omaha 62-42
Cincinnati 52-34 Duluth 42-40
Washington 66-5SJSalt Lake City 72-4S
Ja-cksonville 73-SSi Chicago 4S-3S
New York 60-40 St. Louis 06-4.2
Kansas City 60- ib I Philadelphia 64-40
THE COAST RECORD.
• \u25a0 <? 1
STATION. § f |f I II |o I
I : Ij 3 \ 3 f" »
Astoria 30.08 €2 12 SE Cloudy 0.00
Baker 30.06 72 40 NW Clear 0.00
Carson 30.06 CS 46 NW Cloudy 0.00
Eureka 30.14 60 48 W Cloudy 0.<W
Fresno 20.02 90 48 NW Pt Cldy 0.00
Flagstaff 30.16 CS 36 E Cloudy T.
Pocatello, Idaho.. .30.06 74 CS SW Pt Cldy 0.C0
Independence 29.94 74 Id NW CleUr 0.00
Los Angeles S0.U4 70 .'6 XV Clear 0.00
Phoenix 29. !>6 S4 70 W Clear 0.00
Portland 30.12 62 E2 NW Cloudy U.CO
Red Bluff 30.10 74 50 SE Cloudy 0.00
Roseburg 30.10 64 54 W Cloudy 0.00
Sacramento 30.10 74 50 S Cloudy 0.C0
Salt Lake SO.fi* 72 4S NW Clear 0.00
San Francisco 30.16 60 Z2 W Pt Cldy O.W>
San LuisObispo...30.14 76 4S W Pt Cldy 0.C0
F?.n Diego 29. S4 €S C8 W Clear 0.00
Seattle 30.10 64 62 S Pt Cldy 0.00
Spokane M.CI 70 34 Clear 0.00
Walla Walla 3000 78 46 W Clear 0.00
Winnemucca 2&.9S 70 50 W Clear 0.00
Yuma 29.86 S2 62 W Clear 0.00
7 a. m temperature £4.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
/ I The pressure has risen slowly over the Pa
) Icific Co.ist. A troueh of low pressure, how
' lever, extends from the valley of the Colorado
/northwestward to the great valley of Ca.Ii
/ foraia. Cloudy, unsettled weather is reported
generally north of the* Tehacha.pl.
Rain has fallen at Eureka and alone the
northern coast. A thunderstorm is reported in
Southern Utah. _ '
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnijrr.t October 19. 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, probably showers in north
ern portion: light southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday, possi
bly showers in the mountains; light southerly
Nevafla— Cloudy, unsettled weath3r Saturday,
possiblv light showers ; light northerly winds.
F*n Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Saturday: liffht southerly winds.
\LEXANDER <i- McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Chi & Gt West A pfd.. 400 8S 85^4 Soifc
Chi & Gt West B pfd.. 500 45% 44 44',2
Chicago & Northwest.. COO iOU',4 lSS^ 2UUU
Chi, Hock Island & Pa.. 200 143 142 141
Chicago Term & Trans. 200 20^ 20 20
Chi Term & Trans pfd.. 500 37',4 36% 36%
C, C C & St Louis 9U0 97?i S7% 97^
Colorado Southern.. 100 13% 13?* 13>i
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 100 54 54 53y»
Colo Southern 2d pfd... -200 24 23% 23*
Delaware & Hudson 1,700 170 169 16S
Dela,Lack & West 1,300 228H 226Vi 226%
Denver & Rio Grande.. 300 44 ',s 44 44 ft
Denver & Rio G pfd... 10 i 92 92 S1 3 4
Erie 11.400. 41% 41Vs 41
Erie 1st pfd 1,900 6»% 69U 6.H,i
Erie 2d pfd 300 53H 55',i 55
Great Northern pfd 2,500 194*» 19.iV* li»3V2
Hocking Valley 200 53'i 53 Vi 53Vi
Hocking Valley pld 74%
Illinois Central 1,400 146?s US 145%
Iowa -Central 4,500 42 - L ADYz 41%
Iowa Central pfd 2,600 7STs 78% 79
Lake Erie & Western.. 200 t>9 6»ft 6S
Lake Erie & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville. 1,600 103% 103>i 1KJV4
Manhattan L 4,900 121 120 120
Metropolitan St Ry 2.8J0 15S% 15;^ 157',i
Mexican Central 400 22% 22% T1Y S
Mexican National 2.4W 14% 14 14
Minneapolis & St Louis 6,300 111 110 109%
Missouri Paciflc 16,700 9t>U i)4»i 94?i
Missouri, Kans & Tex. l.SU!) 25 24*« 25
Miss. Kans & Tex pfd. 60J 50 49Vi 49',£
New Jersey Central 163
New York Central 6,000 157^ 15C',i 156%
Norfolk & Western 1,500 56H 55>4 55vi
Norfolk & Western pfd ...-. SS
Northern Paciflc pfd 40,903 1OS74 101 104?i
Ontario & Western 2.400 33% 33U 33U
Pennsylvania 12,y00 147»4 146Vi 146^
Reading 6,600 41 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd :.. 900 76% 76'i 76
Reading 2d pfd 2.200 52 5114 51?s
St Louis & San Fran... 1,200 41>.£ 40Vi 41
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 100 77V4 77 >i 77
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. 700 67U 67 6C%
St Louis Southwestern. < 600 26!g 26% 26^ \u25a0
St Louis Southwest pfd 1,100 56Vi &5 l ,i 55',4
St Paul 34.4OD 165>~ 1«S IS"' 1 /*
St Paul pfd 400 189 1SS% 1S3
Southern Pacific 33,900 60% 59% 59%
Southern Railway ,3,800 32% 32% 32^
Southern Railwav pfd.. S00 S6»g Su'i S6
Texas & Pacific 2,600 3S l i SS 38
Toledo. St L & West.. 300 21 21 20U I
T. St L & West pfd.... 300 36 35 35V4 j
Union Pacific 59,000 100V 8 9Svs 99 J ,i I
Union Paciflc pfd 900 XSri SS^i 88
Wabash 400 20% 20 19T*
Wabash pfd 3.700 37 36V4 S«V4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 17%
Wheeling & L E "d pfd 2SV>
Wisconsin Central 600 20% 20V4 20
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 700 41M: 40% 40
Express Companies —
Adams ....< -*... 180 |
American 200 190 190 188
United States 85
Wells Fargo ICO
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper.... 55,900 £9'/(i 87%. SSTii
Am Car & Foundry 400 25'/= 25V4 25'/4
Am Car & Foundry pfd ". 80
Am Linseed Oil IS
Am Linseed Oil pfd 4SV*
Am Smelt & Ref 4,100 44% 43 43% j
Am Smelt & Ref pfd 97Vj> I
Anaconda Mining Co.... 2,200 35% 35 35%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 19.700 (-2 60% 61'.% I
Colo Fuel & Iron GCO 92'4 92 92
Consolidated Gas SCO 21S»g 218 217>i
Continental Tobacco pfd 115^
General Electric 500 259 2oS',4 258
Glucose Sugar 1,000 42'/ 3 43 42Vi
Hocking Coal 15
International Paper 4O0 22% 2>% 22Vi
International Paper pfd 900 7S% ' 77% 78
International Power 6C0 S8V4 S7',4 S7\£
Laclede Gas 300 92% 92% 90
National Biscuit '. 42 I
National Lead 500 19 19 1SH I
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd ; C3%
North American 2,200 9314 97% ?8
Paelfjc Coast 62 I
Pacific Mall I. SCO 45V6 45 45 i
People's Gas 2.3>0 loe',£ 105*4, lO.iVi !
Pressed Fteel Car 2.500 41 40% 40% '
Pressed Steel Car pfd... l.CCO 81"4 81% 81% i
Pullman Palace Car *>is |
Republic Steel SCO 15% 13 15 j
Republic Steel pfd .300 C6 66 C5"i i
Sugar 36,500 121 119 110%
Tenn Coal & Iron SCO C1V» 60 59%
Union Bag & Paper Co ..-. 15
Union 11 & Pap Co pfd* 200 72U 72V4 70
V S Leather ? 6.700 12% 12" 12V£
Ji I Leather pfd 3,500 81% SOVfc 91U
I S Ruboer 200 15% 15% 15M.
U S Rubber pfd * ..„ 49
U S Steel ; 5.300 43% 4W iVA
TJ S Steel pfd 3.700 S^i S'-y^ o^i
Western Union 300 31vi 9G!i SV/ 2
Shares sold 516,000
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, Hocking Val 4',<.s..lC6-i
reg 109 L. & Nash uni 4s. 1014-1
ao coup 109 Mex Cent 4s M
d° 3s reg 107% do 1st inc 3O',i
do coup 108V4 Minn & St L 4s.. Vi
do new 4s reg 13S M K & T 4s 99U
do coup 139 do 2ds 79
do old 4s reg 112 N Y Cent lsts 105%
do coup 112 do gen 3%s 109%
do 5s reg 1CG'4]X J Cent gen 5s. ..130%
do coup 1C7'-i North Pac 4s 104"A
Atchison gen 4s 103 I do 3s 72%
do adj 4s 37'4:Norf & W con 4s!!lO2<4
Bait & Ohio 4s 102'4 1 Reading gen 4s.. 96^
do 3%s 76%!St L & I M con Ss.llS'i
do conv 4s 10GV«t L & S F 4s 95'
Can South 2ds 10S>,» St Louis SW lsts. 9SU
Cent of Ga 5s 107 | do 2ds 7t,'i
do 1st inc 71% S A & Ar Pass 4s'. 86% I
Ches & Ohio 4'As..lO7 South Pac 4s . $fv. '
Chi & Alton 3',is.. 8"i«4 South Ry 5s 1J9
C B & Q new 4s.. S7"i Tex & Pac Ists 119
C M & St P g 4.S..110U Tol St L & \V 4s.. bl%
C & N W con 7s.. 139% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I Pac 4s 106% do conv 4s 107
C C C & St L g 4s.lOS/j Wabash lsts 11314
Chi Term 4s flS do 2ds no *
Colo & South 4s... 88 do deb B 77%
p & R G 4s 1O2V4 West Shore 4s 113'
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% Wheel & L E 4s... 90%
do gen 4s 87-i WIs Cent 4s 8SV4
Ft W & D C lsts.lOG'i Con Tobacco 4s.... 61;,,
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lSILittle Chief 12
Alice 45;OntarIo 10 o'j
Breece 1 4Q'Ophlr 75
Brunswick <Jbn ... 12 j Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel... C'-i Potosi 05
Con Cal fc Va 1 70 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 14
Horn Silver 1 e>5 fimall Hopes 40.
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 55
Leadville Con CCi
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 93%
Call loans 30-4 Westlngh Elec 71
Time loans 4@S Bonds —
Stocks— N E G & Coke Es.. 53
Atchison 77% Mining shares
do prefd S6% Adventure 24%
Am bugar 119V« Bingham Mln Co.. 30%
Am Telephone 151 Amaig Ccpper .... S9
Boston Elevated. ..244 Atlantic '... 39^4
Bcston & Maine. ..192 Calumet & Hecla..66O
Dom Coal ....'. 47 Centennial 20
do prefd 117^ Franklin 17
U S Steel 43U Humboldt 10
do i.refd 92% Osceola 100
Fitchburg prefd.. .Ill jParrot 38%
Gen Electric 258% Quincy .155
Mex Cent 22'4 Santa Fe Copper.. 4
N E G & Coke 5 Tamarack 29
Old Colony 206«s Utah Mining 24
} Old Dominion .... 27 Winona 2*
Rubber 14% Wolverines 60
Union Pacific 'J9Vg
NEW TORK, Oct. IS.— The following table,
compiled by BradBtreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at all leading cities for the week ended
October 17, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
; Percentage.
Cities— Amount. Inc. JDec.
New York $1,346,651,406 33.0 ....
Chicago 152.754.228 13.6 ....
Boston 147,21S,606 15.0 ....
Philadelphia 100,065,091 17.2
Ht. Louis 52,554,?04 45.0
Pittsburg 34.881,255 18.7
Baltimore 22,752, SIS 13.6 ....
San Francisco... ». 27,918,779 11.4 ....
Cincinnati 18,093,450 20.3 ....
Kan?.as City 21,659,124 15.3
Minneapolis 16.090,074 5.0
Cleveland 14,095,556 22.6
New Orlears 13..)Gi>,189 10.9
Detroit 13,355,913 60.4 ....
Louisville 9,236,156 14.4 ....
Indianapolis 10.25S.315 58.4 ....
Providence 8,337,200 11.1 ....
Omaha 6,791,769 ....
Milwaukee 6,988,064 6.9 ....
Buffalo 7,054,153 . 25.1
St. Faul 5,310,017 .... 16.2
Savannah 5.235.3S7 21.5
Denver 5,583.784 11.1
St. Joseph 5,047.835 25.9
.Richmond 4,3S7,777 21.6
Memphis 3,G25,C13 .... 20.1
Seattle 4.2S1.495 34.6
Washington 2.955.S51 10.3 ....
Hartford 2.780,324 9.5
Los Angeles 3.6S0.277 53.5 ....
Salt Lake City 3,778,C01 47.2
Toledo 2.4S4.C10 \u25a0 11.9
Portland, Ore 3,161,425 10.8 ....
Rochester 2,363,440 25.1
Peoria 2.52S.362 11.8 ....
Fort Worth 3,358,610 3S.9
Atlanta 3.421,130 19.6
Norfolk 1,542,965 2.3 ....
Des Moines 1.702,638 5.1 ....
New Haven 1.C93.163 9.5 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 1,536,2.')8 12.8 ....
Augusta 2,376,509 29.8 ....
Nashville 1,503,505 8.9
Worcester 1.760,331 25.6
Grand Rapids 1.3S6.66S 10.0 ....
Sioux City 1,511.750 2.7 ....
Dayton, 0 1,315,565 25.5
Syracuse 1.291.2S0 12.8 ....
j Ecranton 1,343,273 26.6 ....
Portland, Me 1,551.701 38.8 ....
.Spokane 1.306.376 6.4 ....
Tacoma 1,332.007 24.0
Evar.sville 7S7.742 .... 17.6
I Wilmington. Del... 1.101.9.-.4 14.0
1 Davenport 1.110.846 13.1 ....
Fall RIvar 964.4*0 18.6
! Birmingham 904,810 6.1
Topeka 1,24G,(jS1 20.1
! Macon 8C6.000 5.8
Little Rock 908.343 12.5 ....
Helena 555.706 , 24.5 ....
Knoxville CS9.420 3.1 ....
Lowell ' 606,S?0 8.7
Wichita 4*8,721 5.7
Akrcn 639.CCO 20.5
New Bedford 448,2*3 4.0
Lexington 44S.SS9 .... 12.5
I Springfield, 111 C32.674 44.9
Blnghamton 35S.400 .... 3.7
Chattanooga 521,700 21. S
ICilamazoo KCO.S06 28.8 ....
Fargo f 516,240 / 37.6 ....
Youngstown f.12.147 54.6
Springfield, Ohio.... 310,565 8.0
Rockford 398.2:'.5 49.6
Canton 3Sn,0CO 22.7
Jacksonville 377,237 - 61.8
Sioux Falls 2S0.413 50.5
'Fremont 12S.602 .... IS. 9
i Bloomineton, 111... 272,605 20.7
| Jacksonville, 111.... 14S.156 .... 21.2
! tColumbus, 0 8.234.20O 55.6
IGalveston 10.988,000 30.5
tHouston 12,580.071 .... 20.5
Springs.. 568,008 .... 4.5
{Wheeling, W. Va. 771,577 .... ....
fChesters 367.116 ....
i JWilkesbarre 775,319
Totals, U. S $2,142,081,172 26.2
Outside N. Y 795,432,766 16.3
> CANADA.
Montreal $15,917,310 19.6
Toronto n,052,615 23.0 ....
Winnipeg 3.211.72S 104.8
I Halifax 1,573,952 34.3
i Vancouver. B. C S2S.7S1 7.1
I St. John, N. B 82.-. 737 48.8 ....
1 Victoria, B. C 712.245 10.4
i IQuebec 1.3CS.7C3 .....
I Totals. Canada ....$35.1S1,4SS 25.5
' tNot included in totals because containing
j other items than clearjngs.
{Not included in totals because of no com
j parison for last year. V .
1 Cheese remains stationary.
Eggs show no decline, but they are easy, and
any material Increase In the receipts would
probably send the market clown. \
Receipts were 14,600 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 443 cases of Eggs,
400 cases Eastern Eggs, 2000 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and 1300 pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 2S(S29c per lb for fancy
and 26@27^c for seconds; dairy, lS@25c; store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22^c;
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg. 1S&19C per lb.
- CHEESE— New. ll@12c; old, 10',ic; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 3S@40c for selected large, 35
@37&c for good to choice and 32'/4@3ic for fair;
store. 22@25c per dozen; cold storage. 21®2oc;
Eastern, lS@24c.
Butter Is weak at the decline. Stocks are
accumulating and local dealers have instructed
their salesmen to sell. All outside orders
were shut off by the recent advance, hence
there Is nothing but the local demand now.
and it is Insufficient to keep down the arrivals.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Bank Clearings.
Condition of the Treasury. \
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ances, $168,714,074; gold, $100, 475.0S8.
NEW TORK, Oct. 18.— Money on call closed
steady at 3@3V£ per cent; last loan, 3 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4% per cent. Sterling
exchange was firm, with actual business in
blUs at ?* S6 for demand and at $4 S3%
ft ?"** for si *ty days. Posted rates, $4 S4@
4 S4> /2 and $1 87. Commercial bills, $4 S3@4 83V£.
Bar silver. 57Tfcc. Mexican dollars. 45«/ 4 c.
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, inac
tive; railroads, Hrm. \u25a0 - f
New York Money Market,
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged. \
Wheat firmer all over the world. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay trade handicapped by scarcity of cars.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
Not much change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Butter weak at the decline, with accumulating stocks.
Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted. "
Poultry in good supply and easy. Game sells very well.
Oranges and Limes lower. Grapes and Melons iveak.
Prices for Seeded Raisins fixed.
Rather more inquiry for Prunes at San Jose.
Provisions steady and unchanged. '
Hops, Hides and Wool as before quoted.
No change in the Meat market.
Considerable activity on the local stock exchanges.
Coal in sufficient supply. V
Harrison's circular ?ays:
••During the wtek there have been five c!eliv
cries ot Washington coal, 14.7bS ton.*; two trom
British Columbia, SSSO ton*; two trom Oregon,
1'j70 tons;, one from Caru'Lf, ' £<7S tun.;; to.<tl,
27,-ia*i tons. For the moment thcr..- U uufflcicni
coal en hand for all immediate demands, and
every endeavor is being mailu to get enough
shipped so as to create- a resrrve to yard tor
the winter requirement*. As neari;- ait tha
coal now being mined in British Columbia awl
'Washington Is transported to market by .steam,
any shortage here can bo speedily male sou. I.
It is believed the recent accidents to the Well
ington colliery will be seriously felt by tha
retailers here, aa this is the atasoo when tnU
grade is in active demand for domestic use.
Substitutes will be provided, *i> that consum
ers will not sutler for fuel, and prices will r»
main undisturbed; besides, there will be oc
casional cargoes of Wellington coal received.
Steam grades arc in fair supply at ruling rates-,
and fuel oil Is being freely =hippe<l. A canvass
has been made of the number of consumers who
have modified their plants aince the beginning
of last year from coal to oil, and it is founj
that very nearly 150 are now using oil ex
clusively. As several of these were very heavy
buyers, coal producers thus find their saies
diminishing. If oil had not intervened this
year to aid our steam production we wouM
have had a partial famine in the coal market."
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, <1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72c; eases, 5c more; Lucol, We for
boiled und 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 9tlc;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
in barrels. 70c; cases, «5c; Sptrm, pure. 63c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 4C@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 3T^c; cases, 42^c: Cocoa
nut Oil, barrels, KVic for Ceylon and SSVic for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coat Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c: Astral,. 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene. 2:'c;
deodorized stove Gaioline, In bulk, 15c; In
cases. 21Wtc:' Banrlne^ in bulk, lie: in cases,
2<rtic: S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 2Cc; in cases.
26i^c. .
TURPENTINE— 5Si4c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Reflninjf Com
pany quotes, per 1b, in 100-lb bags-.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c; Candy Granulated. 4.75c: Dry
\u25a0Granulated, 465c; Confectioners' A. 4.65c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bas*
only), 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C, 4.15c:
Oplrlen C. 4.05c; D. 3.35c; barrels. IDe more:
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Pomlnos. half
barrels. 5.15c: boxes. 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Eugar.
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. *15. Can
i»«rl, »ll per ton; CoKt.-, *!.> p^i' >J» W L>a.K d.u«l
>i/ in =ac«.s; Kwky ftluunooa d«»cri»uuib, *»
per 20UU 10S ana JS «U l>er K>n, ttt>.uraii.^ fei
brand.
* 3t
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Tokays, S5c@$l 30, average $1 06; double
crates, $3 05@3 DO, average $3 30; Clusters, $1 30;
Morocco, {1 55@2 40, average $2 10; Muscats,
$2 60; Emperors, 60c; assorted, $1 25@1 40, aver
age $1 31; Pears, $3 05; Sal ways, 65c; Late
Reds, $1 25; W. Nellis, $2 75; E. Buerre, %2 40
@2 65, average $2 58; Muscats, 65c; Ferrera,
65c; Morocco, SOc; Cornichons, fl.
Twelve cars sold. - . . :
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Muscats, $1 1C@1 30, average *1 26; Moroccos,
$1 60®2 20, average $1 73; Cornichons, $1 63@1 85,
average $179; assorted, . $1 05@l 90, average
J136; Tokays,. $1 05@l 35, average $129; Em
perors, $1 20; Bartletts, $1 60@l 95, average
$1 78; Cornice. $1 60.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Interesting features
were lacking In the metal market to-day. Tin
at London, after opening -10s lower, closed 10s
higher on speculative buying, spot being finally
quoted at £106. Locally a quiet and unchanged
market prevailed, with spot quoted at $24 25®
24 75. '
Copper was without change locally and closed
at. $16 85@17 for Lake Superior and ~16%@16%c
for casting and electrolytic. At London prices
were 2s 6d better, closing with spot at £63 17a
6d and futures at £62 12s 6d.
Lead was very dull and unchanged both at
home and abroad, closing at $4 37% and £11 7s
6d, respectively.
Spelter was featureless, closing at $4 20©4 25
here and £17 2s 6d at London.
Domestic Iron warrants were quiet and un^
changed. 5 Pig iron warrants, $9 50@10 50; No. 1
Northern foundry, $15@16; No. 2 foundry South
ern, $14@15; No. 1 foundry Southern. $14 50®
13 50; No. 1 Southern foundry .soft, $14 50(9)16.
Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 6d, and Mlddles
boro closed at 45s l%d.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Cotton futures closed
weak, with prices 2@6 points lower.;, ..'...- ...
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. ' 18. — WHEAT — "Walla
Walla, 55@55%c; Valley, 56c; Bluestem, 56@
56^.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 18.— Wheat— Bluestem. 55c:
Club, 54c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 18.— Clearings, $497,495; bal
ances, $59,004.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— Consols, 93 1-16; silver,
2C%; French rentes, lOOf 42%c; wheat cargoes on
passage, firmer tendency; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia. 28s 4«-id; Walla Walla, 27s 9d; English
country markets firm; Pacific Coast hops steady
at £3 5s@£3 13s.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 18.— Wheat firm; No. 1
standard California, 5s 9%d@5s lOd; wheat in
Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, steady; weather in England, light
rain.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d.
There was very little change, either in Pom
try or Game. There was no Eastern P°«l£>
in. and Turkeys were lower. Arrivals of Game
were 55 sacks, mostly in good condition. Some
While Geese came in.
rOULTRY-Live Turkeys, 15@16c for Gob
biers and 13016c for Hens; Geese, P e y'% lr - ** "°
@1 75; Goslings, ?130!&2: Ducks. *3«?-oror
old and iS 50©5 for young; Hen*. *., W®*^
young Roosters. *J 30<fj4 : old Roosters. ?3 oO©4.
Fryers, $3 2503 50: Broilers. $3 2^t3 d > iu. lar»e
and $3(5-3 25 for small: Pigeons. »1 £©1 -I) -per
dozen for old and $1 75©2 tor Squabs^
GAME— Poves, per dozen. $1 2 ? : c ., H ? re ' T? ;,. =^:
Rabbits, SI 50 for Cottontails ar.d $1 for PngBj
Mallard $6@7; Canvasback. $4<&6; Sprig, UM0
3: Teal, \u25a0 $2@2 50; Widgeon. |2©2 »£**"2!X
Ducks, $1 50@l 75: Black Jacks, , 11 *"
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Gee=»e. Jl.
White Geese. $1 50 per dozen, j
Poultry and Game.
??h; Atchis °n preferred. C9Vi: Canadian Pacific,
™ 8 V, Denv *r & Rio Grande, 45^ ; Denver &
Rio Grande preferred. 94% j Northern Pacific
£ ,t rrcd> 1031 '2: Southern Pacific. 61%; Union
Pacific 102}$; Union Pacific preferred. 90%.
Bar silver, quiet, 26%d. Money, 1@1% per
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Canadian failures for the week number 29, as
against 35 last week, 22 in this week a year ago,
20 in 1S99, 24 in 1898 and 48 in 1807.
Failures in the United States number 198. as
against 173 last week, 283 this week a year ago,
221 in 1899 and 213 in 1898.
Cooler weather and fear of frosts, coupled
with good reports from the print cloth industry,
have stimulated raw cotton and this In turn
is restricted in higher quotations for nearly all
leading bleached cottons. 'Woolen goods are
rather quiet as regards new demand, but the
mills are busy on heavy-weights and when these
are out of the way a large volume of orders for
spring weights guarantees continued activity.
Wool is steady and firm with a large con
sumption progressing.
Iron and steel consumption continue fully
equal and, in some cases, in excess of produc
tions. Features. this week have been the sale
by merchant furnaces In the Plttsburg district
of 75.CC0 tons of Bessemer piglron to leading
interests at from $15 25 to $15 50 per ton at Val
ley furnaces. Steel billets have continued scarce
and are practically unobtainable for prompt de
livery, though $27 and ?28 per ton is offered,
against the nominal quotation of $26 for dis
tant delivery. Pigiron stocks in the Central
West are said to not exceed one week's supply.
Orders for fully 1,000,000 tons of rails for next
year's delivery have been booked, although the
principal consuming interest has not yet ap
portioned its business, which is expected to ex
ceed 165,000 tons. Plates, bars and sheets and
structural material are all active, but iron bars
are reported easier. Tin-plate mills are catch-
Ing up with their orders and a cut Is reported
in the price of wire nails.
Railroads are in the market for cars and one
"Western system has bought 20C0 this week.
Export business in iron and steel is not prom
isins.
NEW' YORK, Oct. IS.— Bradstreefs to-morrow
will say:
Among the notable features brought out in
trade dispatches to Bradstreet's this week are
the reports of stimulated retail trade, due . to
cooler settled weather and advices of continued
activity in all leading Industrial lines, notably
iron and steel, shoes and leather, coal, lumber,
jewelry and cotton and woolen goods. The
shipments of products of these industries and
of groceries to consuming sections continue
heavy and are accompanied by reports of de
lays due to the scarcity of cars. Another one
of those slight upward swings in prices of sta
ples, so numerous of late, has also occurred by
which the general level of cereals, raw cotton,
dairy products and lake copper has been raised.
Clearings have expanded because of an exten
sion of interest in the security markets, but
also because of continued good collections,
which, in turn," have induced rather more ease
in money rates at leading markets. Advices
from the South are still of a backward cotton
crop movement, hampering fall demand and col
lections, but even here there has been an im
provement noted this week.
River Rftds. $1430160; Sweets, 37%3«c for
Rivers and 90c for Merced. . Onions
OXIONS— SI NX31 25 per ctl; Pickle union?,
Cucumbers, 25@40c; Pickles. 2%|7 -c P er ,£,,™
small and l®liic for large; °£™c. *«->2Cj
Green Peppers. 4C«?30c per box for _ Chile and
40(56Oc for Bell: Egg P ant. «^c per Dox.
Green Corn, Alameda. $1 I^' crate.- Berkley.
50@ 65c; Summer Squash. J**™™* 1
Souash, ?6@S per ton; Hubbard Squash, t-0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, lain.
nited States, against 209 last year,- and 31
» Canada, against 26 last year. , ;
Bradstreet's on Trade.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
California Fruit Sales.
6 40; Texans and "Westerns, $2 73@5 90; cows
and heifers, $1 50@5 15: bulls and stags, S2{Z5:
stackers and feeders. $1 50@4 30; yearlings and
calves. $255:4; veals, $3 25@6 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 4S00. Market steady. to 5c
lower. Light and light mixed. $S 15@S 30; pigs,
$4 E0@6; bulk of sales. $6 3C@6 40. •
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Market steady.
Lambs. $3 65@4 75; yearlings, $3 25@3 75; ewes,
$2 85i@3 25; wethers, $3@3 50. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
"new lot
forty cHkAP ;t5l5Sroa
JOHN H. HALTON at Chase & Co. f 3 t>alo3-
yard. 17^.' AIarlct.t_street.
'Forty head well-bro!:e, gentle driving and
work horses; ah beauties; catalogue* * now
ready Sale Oct. 22. 11 a. m.. UcclOeatai Lursj
Kxci.argc. 7-1 HowarU si-reit.BISHOPS WILL FILL PULPITS
ACROSS THE BAY TO-MORROW
FRANK W. HACKETT, ASSIST
ANT . SECRETARY OF THE
NAVY, WHO WILL RETIRE.
A strange feature of Manning's condi
tion is that he does not remember this
place nor his wife or family. . His mind
seems to be a blank as to the past. Dr.
W. J. Wickman. who has known him for
years, says that in all probability he will
recover in a short time.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 18.— Alexander Man
ning returned to his home some days ago
shattered in mind and health as the result
of a trip to Alaska in search | of gold.
About three years agq Manning went to
Nome. While there he and four friends
struck out for the Interior In quest of
rich diggings. Hardship on the trip killed
three of the party. Manning and one oth
er man were rescued. Both had lost their
reason. Manning sufficiently recovered to
be sent home. .
Marin County Han the Victim of
\u25a0 Hardship in the Wilds of
Alaska.
COMES FROM THE NORTH
LACKING HIS MEMORY
Reception to Mrs. Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 13.—
The university faculty is planning a for
mal reception to be given in honor of Mrs.
Stanford on the afternoon of November 2.
The reception will be given In the lars*
clubroom in Encina Hall.
Railway Men to Meet Morgan.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 18.— C. S. Mellen.
president of the Northern Pacific, arrived
here this afternoon to meet J. P. Morgan.
Railroad Men at the Bat.
The Railroad Traffic baseball team win
go to Sacramento to-morrow to try con
clusions with the Baker & Hamilton team
of that place. The railroad team is made
up of the following players: F. Bell, J. C.
Stubbs, F. Jenife. E. M. Pomeroy,- George
G. Fraser, E. Vooheis, J. L. Darms, P.
Haggle and W. Ireland.
PASADENA, Oct. 18.— Mrs. George Rob
inson, wife of a grocery clerk, has gxme
East with her husband to claim a share
in an estate of $30O,0OQ. She was Miss
Maud McMurtrey. A number of years
ago her father cut her off with $100 be
cause she was engaged to marry William
Birdsall at Emerson, Iowa. She never
married him. but married Robmson fonr
years ago. It has been learned that the
willwas altered reinstating her If she did
not marry Birdsall. Recently McMurtrey
died and now the clerk's wife Is the heir
ess.
Pasadena Woman Goes East to Claim
the Estate of Deceased
Father.
GROCERY CLERK'S WIFE
MAY OBTAIN A FORTUNE'
The amount i3 supposed to be part of
the sum raised in Caracas a fortnight ago
from the Bank of Venezuela by President
Castro. If it is actually lost the Govern
ment has sustained a very severe blow.
The sinking of the schooner was attended
with certain suspicious circumstances.
The weather Sunday night was calm and
the captain of the Arends resides on Aru
ba Island. There are other minor details
pointing to the possibility of collusion
with outsiders to secure 'possession of the
money. "• j
WILLEMSTAD, island of Curacao, Oct.
18. — A fishing schooner which arrived here
to-day from Aruba Island, northwest of
Curacao, brings the story that the
Arends, a Venezuelan schooner, bound
from La Guayra for Maracaibo, carrying
a sum of money from the Government de
signed to pay the troops on the frontier- - 1
the amount being variously estimated at
from $25,000 to $100.000— encountered heavy
weather last Saturday night off Aruba
Island and foundered in deep water, the
entire sum being lost. The crew, accord
ing to the story, reached the island In a
boat.
Reported Loss of Ves
sel Carrying Money
to Venezuelans, i
HARDLY CREDIT
STORY OF WRECK
BOSTON, Oct. " 18.— The new Russian
battleship Retvizan, built by the Crampa
of Philadelphia, arrived here to-day from
New York after an all-night run, in the
course of which, for twelve consecutive
hours, she was driven at top speed, and
in spite of storm and darkness, she at
'tained an average speed of 1S.8 knots,
breaking all records , for that number of
hours and showing- herself to be the fast
est battleship in the world. On Monday
a standardizing trial will be held over
the United States Government course and
it is predicted that the vessel will main
tain an average speed of at least 19 knots.
Although the speed of the Retvizan was
taken officially for only twelve hours of.
the trip, it actually averaged 18 knots
during seventeen hours of the run.
NEW RUSSIAN BATTLESHIP
FASTEST IN THE WORLD
In Spite of Storin and Darkness She
Breaks All Former
Records.
OGDEN. Utah, Oct. 18.— The last crew
of mail clerks removed from San Fran
cisco to, this point, where headquarters
will be established in the future, arrived
to-day. It means an increase in the sal
ary list of Ogden of over $4300 per month.
There are forty-eight clerks, who came
from San Francisco, most of whom are
married. So far the following have taken
up residence in Ogden: Andrew Christen
son, Arthur L. Jensen, Thomas Bradley,
Charles B. Epstine, James E. Monahan,
Frank O. Bucher, William H, Young,
Thomas F. Glover. Fred R. Michael, Con
vine D. Lowe, John R. Allen, James Jor
genson, W. N. Westley, U. F. Lucas,
William H. Finch, Charles J. Gerry, Will
K. Wehser. Frank P. Costello, Fred S.
Jackson, John F. Walsh, Leslie C. Dean,
John W. Grant, Fred J. Hanley. William
S. Dunning, L. E. Fulweider, Egbert J.
Turner, John J. Burke, Marcus L. Shang.
William H. Taylor. John G. Farrell, Oscar
J Broaddus. A. L. Watlington, A. S.
Grant, Dan C. Shaffer, Ernest J. F. Voss,
Henry F. Hook, A. J. McKenna, George
W. O'Brien, William C. Dudley, Charles
E. Fassett, Carlton T. Bartlett and R. J.
Shaum.
Former Employes of San Francisco
Postoffice Assigned to Duty
in Utah.
TART CREW OF MAIL
CLERKS REACHES OGDEN
The personal property about the X>un»
mulr premises, including a hundred head
of blood horses and other animals, farm
ing implements wagons and carriages, i3
valued at $18,566 83. There is an item of
$5496 83 representing cash in various banks
and in the hands of the execmor. Charles
Lovell. Some of this money has come
from the sale of fruit grown on the farm
since the death of Mrs. Dunsmuir. she
having authorized her executor In her
will to dispose of any of her property
without order of the court.
Charles M. McGowan, J. Cal Ewing ana
C. A. Sessions were the appraisers namsd
by the court to ascertain the value of the
estate.
Nearly all of the estate is represented
by the rich farm at San Leandro, form
erly the Souther farm. The realty In
cluded in this farm alone ia valued at
5150,000. Then there are many personal
things that are valuable, embracing a li
brary of- 4000 volumes worth $6000, an elec
tric light and pumping plant set down at
$10,000, a Crown piano valued at $1500, and
costly silverware and paintings that reach
top notch figures. Altogether the person
al property in the family residence ia
valued at $37,960.
Edna Wallace Hopper, the famous litilo
actress, is a \u25a0wealthy woman, according to
the terms of an appraisement of the
estate of her mother, Mrs. Josephiii3
Dunsmuir, which was filed to-day by tho
court appointees upon whom devolved the
duty of ascertaining the value of the de
ceased's estate. The appraisers fixed the
value of the property that Mrs. Dunsmuir
died possessed of ai $206,526 S3, to all of
which, with the exception ot $50,000 in
trust for her brother. Miss Hopper is /the
heir. "
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 13.
Mrs. Dunsmuir Leaves Nearly
a Quarter of a
Million. .
Appraisers Fix Value of
Her Late Mother's
Estate.
EDNA HOPPER
A RICH WOMAN
Licenses to Marry.
' OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Charles Olsonn,'28,'
and Jennie Hansen, 24, both of Oakland;
James J. Leutholte, 34, and Helen John
son. 22. both of San Francisco.
Leave Third and Townsend (special)
Monday, Oct. 21st, 8:30 a. m. Arrive Santa
Barbara 7:30 p. m. Remain there night.
Stopovers where desired. Return by San
Joaquin or Coast Division. $15 to Los An
geles and return, $19 50 San Diego and re
turn. Office 613 Market street.
•I '- : r •*
Southern Pacific Excursion to South
ern California.
California Lodge No. 13, Independent
Order Sons of, Benjamin, adopted resolu
tions lamenting the death of President
McKinley at their last regular meeting.
The resolutions are as follows:
Whereas By j the assassination of our be
loved President, William McKinley, by a cow
ardlv dastard our country has been plunged
in deep sorrow and a blow struck at liberty
an ResoH-«d nl Th n a t t California Lodge No. 113, In
deuendent Order Sons of Benjamin, in regular
meeting assembled this 7th day of October. 1901,
deeply deplores the untimely death of our
honored" and liberty-loving President, and may
he be known to the world and to future gen
erations as the "vindicator of human free
dom." Be it further .,
Resolved. That we sincerely tender our sym
pathy to the stricken widow in this her great
bereavement, and pray for her that her life
may be spared. . • . _. • .
Resolved That a copy of these resolutions
be spread 'on the- records of our lodge and a
copy thereof under the seal be transmitted to
Mrs. McKinley, and a copy Bent to the daily
Dress for publication.
press iur v HENRY L. SPRJNGER,
LEWIS C. LEVEY,
EMIL COHN, ' C'A-.-,.
Committee,
Sons of Benjamin Lament McKinley.
ilohi hnort Btop Karney
O'Dea Second base Sullivan
Wilson I Third base Owen^
McCrea Right field... "" Flvnn
Morlarity Center field '.".Evatt
Orr..... ..Left field Fogarty
Joe Corbett will umpire the game.
Teams From Southern and Northern
Stations Will Meet on Tues
day Next.
The baseball teams of the north and
south of Market street .divisions of the
police force will play next Tuesday after
noon- at Recreadon Park, corner Eighth
and Harrison streets. Game will be called
at I 1 o'clock sharp. 1
Considerable interest is being evinced
by the members of the force. The last
time the two teams met the south of Mar
ket street representatives won. This time
Captain Wittman's men hope to wine out
that defeat. The line-up of the teams will
be as follow*:
Southern Div. Position. Northern Div'
Goodman .Pitcher Blrdsall
"orison C 5 tc t her ,- Sheehan
IX>lan First base Coulter
Hobi Short stop Karney
POLICEMEN WILL PLAY
A GAMEr OF BASEBALL
Memhers of Teachers' Aid Society
Prepare Resolutions Honoring
Their Late Associate.
A committee appointed by the public
School Teachers' Mutual Aid Society to
draft resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the . late Miss Agnes M. Manning
has submitted the following to the offi
cers and members of the society:
It is with deepest sadness that the Teach
ers' MuTuaY Aid Society pays its tribute of
resnect to the memory of our beloved friend
and colleague, Miss Agnes M. Manning. Few.
ff any have left 'a stronger or more lasting
mpress on the educational system of our city
and our State. Kvery -measure for the ad
vancement of the best interests of that system
found in Miss Agnes M Manning an earnest
and uncompromising advocate. For ever>
such movement she stood, at the front. Fear
less true honest, her voice and influence were
"M^Mannnfgw^a woman of extraordinary
mind great literary ability; broad, generous,
unselfish! She devoted her life and Powers to
the betterment of all humanity, bhe has made
us each and all, her personal debtors.
Resolved. That, in the death of Miss Agnes
M Manning, the Teachers' Mutual -Aid has
lost one of its oldest, .best and staunohest
friends; that it will ever miss her presence,
her guiding voice, her honest counsel.
Resolved That to those near and dear to
her the Teachers' Mutual Aid . extends its
sincere sympathy and says "Your loss, is also
""^solved. That these resolutions^ be Incor
porated in the records of the Teachers' Mutual
Aid Society and a copy be sent to the relatives
of Miss Agnes Manning.^^ pRAG
MISS MARY HASWELL,
. L. A. JORDAN.
t / Committee on Resolutions.
TRIBUTE TO MEMORY
OF AGNES M. MANNING
Wells was in Austin's house, claiming
to be there to protect Mrs. A. Hamilton,
who had sworn to a complaint charging
the saloon man with battery. Austin de
manded admittance and on being refused
he kicked the door down. W ells fired trom
the Inside and Austin returned the lire,
both men emptying their pistols. They
then erappled and beat one another with
the empty weapons. When they could
fight no longer they agreed to quit and
walked to town a quarter of a mile and
had their wounds dressed by physicians.
Both men will recover. Austin was be
hind his bar two hours after the shoot
ing, apparently little the worse for the
bullet wounds.
MADERA, Oct. 18.— Howard Wells, a
Deputy Sheriff, and George Austin, a
saloon-keeper, engaged in a shooting
scrape this afternoon, in which both men
were wounded. Wells was shot in the
left hand, and Austin was shot once in
the right thumb, once in the right arm
and once in the left breast just below the
collar bone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bleeding Combatants
s Continue " a Battle
at Madera.
On the afternoon qf Thursday, October
31, a vaudeville entertainment . is to be
given at the Alhambra Theater for the
benefit of the Nurses' Training School and
Home at the. City and County . Hospital.
Many ladies influential in, society, in phi
lanthropy and in the clubs are deeply in
terested in this affair and they promise
that it shall be musically, dramatically
and socially a grand event.
The Associated Theatrical Managers,
through their secretary, Melville. Marx,
have promised the free use of the Alham
bra; Mr. Morrisey will direct the talent,
which will be x>t the most popular and
superior class,, and a bevy of beautiful
girls will form the reception committee.
Dashing posters- from well known-artists
will soon appear in conspicuous places an
nouncing the event, and the programme
is to be something unique and surprising.
It will be designed by Mrs. Susan Loosely.
The beneficiary institution, the San
Francisco Training School for Nurses, has
now been for six years under the prln
clpalship of Miss Mary Patton, who has
been assisted in the duties of instruction
by an able corps of San Francisco's lead
ing physicians. From seventeen pupils zlx
years ago the student body has grown to
a membership of fifty, and ninety well
trained nurses have been graduated into
professional life. Several of these hold'
positions of exceptional trust and respon
sibility. The undergraduates perform all
the nursing duties and the ward house
keeping of the big hospital, and this.serv
ice, unknown before the days of the train
ing school, has created a most wholesome
revolution in the methods at the hospital.
The physicians greatly appreciate the
trained aid given them, and the patients
have an intelligent and constant care
given them equal to that of any institu
tion in the country. ,
The funds derived from the matinee of
the 31st will be devoted to the furnishing
and arranging of a commodious reception
room, at the hospital, where the students
may assemble for rest, 1 recreation and
study. At present they have only th'eir
crowded dormitories, where the receiving
cf friends or any real relaxation from
their strenuous duties is impossible
The patronesses of the affair are the
following well known ladies:
Mrs. Willard B. Harrington. Mrs. John F
Merrill, Mrs. M. H. de Youngr, Mrs Loveii
White. Mrs. George E. Bates, Mrs. Henrv
Payot. Mrs. W. D. McCarthy, Mrs. laldor Low
enberg, Mrs. P. G. Sanborn. Mrs. Lucius L.
Long. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, Mrs. Redmond
Payne, Mrs. James F. Smith, Mrs. Selden "
WriKht, Mrs. Rodney Kendrick. Mrs A- P*
O'Brien, Mrs. Sylvain Weill, Mrs. Thomas
Cole. Mrs. Martin Regrensburger, Mrs A B
Costlgan, Mrs. A. G. Booth, Mrs. J ' \u25a0Wilson
Shells, Mrs. James C. Crawford Mrs J H
Jewett, Mrs. R. H. "Warfleld. Mrs. J. 'r iran
ify. Mrs. J. J. Scovllle. Mrs. Edw XaVter
Rolker, Mrs. E. P. Schell, Mrs. V P Bucklpv
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham, Mrs. C. Mason Klnne
and Mrs. Gerald J. «-mne
High-Class Talent Will Play for Good
Cause Thursday Afternoon, Octo
ber 31, at Alhambra.
VAUDEVILLE BENEFIT FOR
ITUHSES' TRAINING SCHOOL
FORGET WOUNDS
AND FIGHT ON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18.-Frank
W. Hackett, Assistant Secre
tary of. the Navy, will ask to
be relieved from that office
shortly. .He will resume his
law practice in Washington. He had in
tended to do so on the 1st of October, but
remained at the request of Secretary
Long, who. on account of the death of
President McKinley and domestic afflic
tions, had been obliged to be away from
the department. Judge Charles H. Dar
ling of Bennington. Vt., will succeed
Hackett. Judge Darling is strongly
recommended by Senator Proctor and
many other prominent citizens of Vcr
mont. For many years he was a Judge
of the Municipal Court of Bennington.
— . t t t t t • T T • • ,T..T..'..T..T..T..T..'..T..TT. t --T- •
United States Attorney Woodworth filed :
a complaint in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday in ! which the United
States is plaintiff and Jame3 O'Brien of
Smartsville the respondent, the-object of
the suit being to enforce an option on land
owned by the defendant.
The complaint alleges that on October
22, 1300, O'Brien agreed to sell to the
United States for "$2500 on or before the
22d of October, 1901, a certain piece of land
beginning at Linda levee on the Yuba
Ri%'er. On July 29, 1901, O'Brien served a
notice upon the representatives of the
Government that he would withdraw his
offer. The plaintiff demands judgment for
possession of the property and for $1000
damages.
The parties who made contracts with
the Government on the same date and in
the same document with O'Brien were
Frederick Ayer and the Excelsior Water
and Mining Company $1500, -P. George es- '
tate J575, A. Eymard $454, J. B. Pendol $25,
H. G. Hilton $10, Jacob. Striker $500, Burns
& Townsend $1750, Big Ravine Mining
Company $140, E. A. Forbes $600, Daniel
Shay $2000, New Era Gravel Mining Com
pany $300, Byron Burns ?300.
Shortly after O'Brien gave the option,
for $2500, which was at the rate of $4 50
per acre,' gold was discovered on the land,
and John Hays Hammond and his associ
ates offered O'Brien 5100 per. acre, for the
same, but tl*e option stood in J.he way.
O'Brien's land and other lands embraced
in the options mentioned above were de
sired by the California Debris Commis
sion as a site for a restraining dam to
check the flow of slickens into the
Feather and Sacramento rivers. The
hydraulic miners were very anxious that
the deal with the Government should be
consummated so that they might be per
mitted to resume work in that vicinity.
Strong representations on their- behalf
were made to the United States Attorney
General, and he sent a telegram to United
States District Attorney Woodworth .to
institute proceedings against O'Brien to
enforce the option so that the work of
constructing the dams may begin at once.
The suit was filed yesterday in obedi
ence to that Instruction. Mr. Woodworth
is confident that the Government will win
the suit and that in a very short time the
work of constructing the dams will be
under way. . \u25a0
He Discovers Gold in the
, Soil and Refuses to
Sell It.
The United States Sues
O'Brien on Yuba River
Land' Option.
Frank W. Hackett to Resume Law Practice
and Judge Darling Will Succeed Him.
FINDS WEALTH
WHEN TOO LATE
ASSISTANT SECRETARY
OF NAVY WILL RETIRE
Office of the Collector of Customs: In order
to allow the Custom-house employes an op
portunity of subscribing to the McKinley me
morial fund arrangements have been made' with
Cashier Perkins, who has kindly consented to
act as treasurer and receive whatever contribu
tions may be offered for this purpose. Respect
fully. COMMITTEE.
The following notice was posted on the
door of the Custom-house yesterday.
For the McKinley Fund.
The following statement as to the con
dition of the McKinley memorial fund
was issued from the Mayor's office yester
day:
Received to-day— diaries G. I^athrop. $25; H.
O. Wiedero, JO: M; Ehrman & Co., $25; Ohio
Society, $100; Boardman Bros., $10; pupils
Henry Durant School. $16 30;- pupils Girls-
High School, ?31 56: pupils Everett School, $27;
pupils Falrmount Grammar School, $20; B. R.
Reith (Bandon Woolen Mills). $5; Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, J100- previously re
ported. 521,527 69; total to date, f21,S32 75. -
McKinley Memorial Fund.
Plain talks- to Politicians. Read the Wasp
this week. ' > •
Dodge's offense consisted of a persist
ent use of a stamp and a printed label
which the court j decreed should not be
used by him. i
Evidence of his failure to comply with
the orders of the court were 'secured by
persons sent to purchase stationery at his
store. "% . .
Judge Sloss fined J. S. Dodge of the J.
S. Dodge Company $200 for contempt of
court yesterday. There were four charges
of contempt pending against the stationer
and for each offense he was fined $50. with
the alternative of spending one day in
jail for each $2 in the event of his failure
to pay.
COURT FINES DODGE
HEAVILY FOR CONTEMPT
Stationer Ordered to Pay 55200 for
Using Prohibited Stamp and
Label.
The purpose of the festival is to raise
money for the completion of the new
Church of the Redeemer. It will continue
for all of next week. ,
The bazaar which is being held in the
Church of the Redeemer, KIghteenth and
Diamond streets, is proving an unpre
cedented success. People not only from
Eureka Valley but from all parts of the
city visit the festival nightly. They are
drawn thither by the attractively deco
rated booths and the equally if not more
attractive young ladies who have charge
of the affair.
The ladies of Rev. Father McQuaid's
parish have worked incessantly to make
the bazaar a complete success and to their
efforts its undiminished popularity Js due.
One novel' feature of the bazaar not be
fore attempted is the entire absence of
the use of persuasion in securing pur
chasers for the articles in the booths.
The articles are left to speak for them
selves. The receipts of the bazaar thus
far show that the new plan is working as
well if not better than the old.
Ladies of Parish Laboring Faithfully
to Make Festival Complete
Success.
REDEEMER BAZAAR
DRAWS LARGE CROWD
Vernon Taylor and Roy Laughlin, each
about 17 years of age. were arrestea early
yesterday morning by Policemen Staples
and Dolan and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of disturbing the peace, but
they will be held pending an investigation,
as a much more serious charge may be
booked against them.
Thomas Gallagher of 400 Minna street
was held up by two boys s:t Fourth and
Vcrnon Taylor and Roy L«.ugh.lin Be
ing Held Pending an In
vestigation.
BOYS SUSPECTED OF
COMMITTING BOBBERY
Zachary T. George Jr.. an employe of
the Santa Fe Railroad Company, will
have to pay his wife, whom he is suing
for divorce on the ground of desertion, $20
a month alimony while the suit is pend
ing. When the suit was filed by George
his wife filed an answer and cross com
plaint, in which she also alleged deser
tion. She then brought suit for alimony,
which was opposed by her husband on the
ground that she had money enough to
support her. Mrs. George, who before her
rr.arriage was Louise Arguello of the fa
mous Spanish family of that name, testi
fied yesterday that she had inherited $45,
000, but of that sum, owing to misman
agement, she had received only $6000. She
said that through her husband's misman
agement of her affairs the last named sum
had been dissipated and that all she pos
sessed now was $500, which was loaned
out. Her husband's lawyers sought to
prove that she had money enough to pay
Attorney Thomas Cannon $50 for a decree
of divorce, but Judge Graham stated that
he had heard enough and ordered the
young husband to pay, in addition to the
alimony, $40 counsel fees.
Philip Carroll, an employe of the Con
sumers' Ice Company, was adjudged
guilty of contempt ot court by Judge
Sloss yesterday because he had not paid
his divorced wife $25 a month alimony
since 1894. Carroll will be punished for
his dereliction November 8.
Cannot Escape Supporting His "Wife
While Divorce Suit Is
Pending.
COURT ORDERS GEORGE
TO PAY WIFE ALIMONY
Judge Ellsworth's decision was rendered
in a case especially designed to test the
decisions of Judges Troutt and Belcher,
declaring that marriages contracted in
Reno or any other place outside the State
within a year of divorce are illegal. Under
the decision of Judges Troutt and Belcher
it was held that -divorce in California did
not become absolute until a year after
the decree was handed down. Upon the
point of time when absolute divorce be
gan Judge Ellsworth differed from this
opinion in that he maintained that it en
sued immediately after the decree was
handed down. And it was upon thla point
of time that the entire decision rested.
The suit decided to-day was a friendly
one brought by Mrs. Mary C. Wilson
against her husband. John L. Wilson, to
test the validity of their marriage on
March 12. 1900, at Reno, after the husband
had secured a divorce from a former wifo
in California. Mrs. Wilson lived apart
from her husband after having employed
Attorney Colvin In prosecute the action
for an annullment of the marriage. She
expressed her pleasure when the decision
was rendered against the contention for
which she had engaged counsel. . \u25a0 •
•Reno marriages — the kind that Califor
nia divorcees enter into because the law
makes them wait a year after their disen
gagement from the old tie before they can
again be wedded — are held by Judge Ells
worth to be legal, in contradiction of
Judge Troutt and ex-Judge Belcher of the
San Francisco bench, who threw several
hundred couples into confusion some time
ago by deciding that such contracts are
illegal. Judge Ells worth's decision, which
follows that handed down by Judge Heb
bard of San Francisco, does not ease the
consciences of the Reno-married a bit, for
they won't be certain now whether they
are married or not, the judgments of the
well-known jurists named conflicting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 18.
At the meeting were present the prin
cipal members of the Suey Donsrs and the
Quong Ducks. Both factions have been
warring for some time. After the presi
dent of the Six Companies announced that
it had been decided to recompense the
widowed mother of the slain Chinaman
the member? of the fignting tongs agreed
to call it off. The "pipe of peace," the
symbol of the Six Companies, was then
alternately smoked by the rival factions
and present hostilities were formally de
clared cff.
It was understood that on account of
the peace settlement no further attempt
would be made to avenge the murder of
Yee Kitt or assist the police in running
down his cowardly assassins.
There will be no further trouble in
Chinatown, if the word of the warring
tcngs can be relied upon. Last night the
Chinese Six Companies met and decided
to pay the mother of Yee Kitt, who was
foully murdered a short time ago, $300;
The money was given to the brother o*
the murdered man, who faithfully prom
ised not to avenge the assassination of
his relative.
Court Holds Ceremonies
Performed in Reno to
Be Legal.
Murder of Ye© Kitt
Is Not to Be
Avenged.
DIVORCEES HAVE
RIGHT TO MARRY
WARRING TONGS
MEET IS PEACE
About a half-hour later M. Anderson, a
fisherman, recently from Alaska, was en
tering a restaurant a short distance from
where Gallaghor was held up when an at
tempt was made to rob him. Staples and
Dolan saw the two suspects running away
and gave chase, capturing them.
Taylor is from St. Paul, Minn., and
Laughlin from Los Angeles. Laughlin ad
mits having been arrested twice at his
home for vagrancy and that he has a
brother in the Whittier Reform School.
Taylor had three empty purses and two
empty pocketbooks in his possession
when searched.
Howard streets about 2 o'clock yesterday
morning. He was knocked down and
robbed of his watch. He had evidently
been struck on the head with a slungshot,
as he was knocked senseless. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where at
first it was thought . his skull was frac
tured. He gave a description of the boys,
which answered that of Vernon and
Laughlin.
OAJvLAXO. Oct. IS.— The parishion
ers of St. John's Episcopal
Church have been specially fa
vored during: the recent Episcopal
convention by the attendance
among them of some of the most promi
nent prelates of the church. The rector,
the Rev. Martin N. Ray, conducted special
confirmation on Sunday, under the direct
guidance of the Right Rev. Reginald M.
Veller. coadjutor of Fond du Lac, Wis.
The ceremony was one of marked solem
nity, the distinguished Bishop's presence
being highly appreciated by the large
number of communicants that took part
in this holy service of the church.
During the coming Sunday the last
services of the visiting prelates and clerics
Of the Episcopal church in attendance
upon the triennial convention will be held
in this city. At St. John's Church there
will be special services during the day.
Tti*» mnrnins «»rm<in will h<» nrrached hr
TWO BISHOPS WHO WILL
PREACH TO-MORROW AND
SOME CHOIR BOYS.
the Right Rev. F. R. Millspaugh, Bishop
of Kansas. The choir, largely increased
for the occasion, will sing for the first
time in this city Selby's Anglican mass in
F. In addition to the vocal augmentation
there will be a large orchestral accom
paniment with piano and organ. At the
offertory Gounod's "By Babylon's Wavjj"
will be rendered. The rector. The Right
Rev. Martin N. Ray, will officiate at the
mass. The orchestra will be composed of
the following musicians:
First violin. Joseph -Kendall; second vi
olin, Dr. J. M. Stadler; viola, Eugene Col
by; 'cello. H. H. Bruenn; flute, G. W. L.
Comfort; clarionet, Harry L. Leber; organ
ist and choirmaster, J. de P. Teller; pi
ano, Herbert Masters of Berkeley.
At Christ Church, Alameda. the Right
Rev. T. W. Dudley, Bishop of Kentucky,
will preach during the morning services.
The Right Rev. Abiel Leonard, Bishop
of Salt Lake, will officiate at the morning
services at Trinity Church.
Bishop Whitaker of Philadelphia has ac
cepted an invitation to preach on> Sunday
at St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
There will also be services Sunday
morning and evening at Shattuck Hall,
Berkeley, and a students' meeting at
Hearst Hall at 3:30 o'clock p. m.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901. W
Visiting Prelates to Once More Address Episcopal Con=
gregations in Alameda County.
9
Of course you have heard of
Mrs. Piper— the great medium
of spirit messages. She has
puzzled the Society for Psychi- /
cal Research for years. Next
Sunday's Call will print HER
CONFESSION IN FULL AND
EXCLUSIVELY ON THIS
COAST. Get the Call or you
will miss this great revelation
of modern times. ;
POSTUM CEREAL.
i NEVER DREAMED
That Coffee Caused the Trouble.
"How to stop the use of coffee was a
question.
"The doctor told me I had a coffee liver.
"I knew I was a' wreck, physically and
nervously, but I never dreamed that cof-
fee was the cause of the trouble. I
could not drink milk, and tea was as bad
for me as coffee. ,
"Hot water was nauseating. I therefore
turned to Postum Food Coffee, got a pack-
age and made it according to directions
end found it just the thing I needed.
"Husband had no faith in it, so I made
coffee for him and Postum for myself.
For three years I used Postum and the
change it has wroug-ht is wonderful.
"Instead of being thin, sallow, nervous,
weak and miserable. I am plump, with
clear complexion, pink cheeks, and seem
to have the endurance and vitality of a
young woman of twenty, although I am
J twice that age. Husband, after seeing
\u25a0^ the change Postum has made, finally
\ ask?d me not to make coffee for him any
more, as he preferred Postum. It has tnien
a Godsend to our family." Myra J. Tul-
ler, IQ£3 Troost ave., Kansas City, Mo.
Fels-Naptha a mm
ii | . \ — ,
You can't believe until
you try what Fels-Naptha
soap wilt do clothes-wash-
I ing and house-cleaning'.
This remarkable soap,
Fels-Naptha, takes dirt out j
of clothes in half usual time I
with half usual work, and I
the clothes last longer,
without boiling or scalding
a single . piece.. !
Fact, or the money re-
turned by the grocer you
Philadelphia \u25a0'"l~~~" Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.). j
San Francisco. |
i |1H^^^=THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ OCTOBER 19, 1901. *
10
HELP WANTED MALE Coa.
EXPERIENCED boilermakers wanted by the
RISDON IRON WORKS of San Francisco:
also blacksmiths, capable of working under
steam hammer ship and machine forglngs;
$3 50 a day and steady employment. Apply
at office of company, Beale and Howard ats.,
San Francisco.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coa!-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodeed on
•teamer lying alongside; men w° r _ ln f for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
play to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
WANTED-Man in each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide weekly cash salary $13, paid by
check each Wednesday, with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 377 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st, room 2a. San *Tan-
cisco. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for Saturday and
Sunday. 1437 Mission »t \u25a0'
BOY wanted at FRANK BROS., 535 Kearny st.
BOY to work Saturdays in newspaper office; $1
per day. Apply 519 Filbert st.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 1504 Folgom st.
PRESS hands wanted in can factory- Bartlett
Paper Can Co., 434 Jackson st. r
WANTED— 3 good painters for outside werk.
1330 Market st.
YOUNG man to wait at table; call after 11 a.
m.; $20. 135 Powell st. ;
EXPERIENCED dishwasher. 612 Kearny at
WANTED— Kitchen man at 3 Jackson st.
WANTED— Errand boy for flower store. Apply
at 317 Sutter St.. after 9 a. m.
GET your shoes half-aoled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOT wanted; good wages; steady Job. 109 Cali-
fornia st, room 21^
WANTED— A boy to carry a morning paper
route. Box 1107. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man as night watchman In
planing mill. 231 King st.. near Third.
WANTED — Strong young man to work in fac-
tory. Apply 221 Perry st.
WANTED^A good quick waiter; $25 and room.
615 Taylor st. ;
A GOOD man on shoe repairing wanted. 270
Noe st.
GOOD all around cook; must be sober man.
13 East st. t
BOY wanted to assist in butcher shop. Apply
2503 Clay st.
PHOTOGRAPHER: operator who retouches;
permanent. Box 1260, Call office.
WANTED — Young man who understands sew-
ing and pressing at ladles' tailoring. 524 Post.
WANTED— First-class bootblack; no other need
apply; wages $10 per week. 1405 Polk st.
WANTED — A flrst-class barber for Saturday
and Sunday; wages $5. 2104 Flllmore:. st
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1506 Kentucky St.,
Potrero.
TAILORS — A flrst-class ladles' tailor to work
on jackets and skirts for Santa Rosa; must
be rapid. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
corner Second and Market sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MCLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
FOREMAN for large dairy ranch; experi-
enced, reliable man with references. 154
Julian ave.
COATMAKERS and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wanted at
once. Pioneer Dye Works. A. C. JACOBSON,
Bakersfield, Cal.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $60 1 month; no experience neces-
sary; close Sundays. 1221 Market st, r. 1. -
WANTED— Man to take ranch near St. Helena;
use of place free. 944 Howard st.
WANTED — Iron molders and machinists, at
505 Mission st.
ELDERLY man who understands nursery
work and florist business. Call 500 Haight.
WANTED— Engravers, Apply at SHREVE &
CO.'S factory, 403 Market st.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply before 11 a. ra.
at HALE BROS.. Inc.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prise. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis Bt.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. B,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; freo
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription"!
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. October 23, at 11 a. m.. at the
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke Gercan
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, Just arrived. JOHN H: HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market *t.
FOR sale — To close out, 7 pure bred Percher-
ons — 6 mares and 1 stallion. Address MRS.
WM. B. COLLIER, 2509 Pacific ave., S. F.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35 Dore st, S. F. , ,
WANTED— Two horses to use in light delivery
wagor.. WIESTER & CO., 22 Second st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 7" Howard st
A BARGAIN in gcod carriage, saddle, business
and road ncrsep. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. sve.
3 DOUBLE \u25a0 teams for sale. Apply D. RING,
1942 Union st
CHEAP — New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col., 510 G. G. av».. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
HOSPITALS
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at <;t
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass st.. S. T.
HOUSES TO LET. ~
A— PRINTED list bouses to let; send for c«r.
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery>
FOR rent— An elegantly furnished 9-room
house: reasonable; no small children- cai
mornings bet. 10 and 12. 1428 "Fulton st
HOUSE, 7 rooms; newly papered; $12. 114* Mia
sion st, above Seventh.
KEARNY. 1555, near Greenwich— Small house S
rooms; rent IS; water free. Key 1567 Kearny.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A SUNNY cottage. 6 roo ms , bath^ p , o ;
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda; % block froni
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mark "
% HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED-Furnlshed house about 8 rooms,
bath, garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view-
i?e,ner. ne Cal.To^,k lne an d be vri e ie?o fiS? _«S
rmmore t^^ £^ _T^ *'*<<> ™
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco C
Call, corner of Market- and Third streets: open
-ctii 12 o'clock every night in the year.
ERANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ra.
500 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f3S McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 3:30 p. m.
15<l Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
2!61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ontil S p. m
JO6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
JC?« Valencia j=tr*et: open until 9 P- rn-
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. n».
2200 Fillmot-e street: open until 9 p. m.
~ BEBTPC XOTICES.
CROCKCTFLTSrScriffl, J-J™**.- * _
M.-Third degree THIS E \p^Vf 1 *_?V T
October 19. at 7:30 orlock. By order T^T
of the W. M. H. FORTRIEPE. Sec. f^V^
EXCELSIOR Louse No. 166 F. and A. »
M —Called meeting THIS (SATl-K- -
• DAY) AFTERNOON at 4 o'clock. First
degree. Also called meeting THIS'V* J
(SATURDAY) EVENING. October 19. at 7:30
o-clocl- Second deg-ee. By, ord^of^ W. _
5 C^ k m^fng N< THi 9 S JL \
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- 1^J\ •
gree, R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. / ~» 5
_ABOU BEX ADHEM- Lodge No.
L O. O. F.— Members are |«S5g55s ]
hereby notified to attend the fu-
neral*of our late brother. ANSON _.
T TTLLSON P. G.. SUNDAY. October 20, .
12:30 p. m., from lodgeroom. ]
\ SHEPPARD P. GRANT, N. G.
C J. EPEAR. R. S. ' \u25a0
OFFICERS and members of Yerba .jjMCP*.
Buena Lodge No. 14, A. O. U. W.— You i&SjS •
are hereby notified to meet at the WflSJ
loageroom, Si O' Fan-ell st., at 12 m.. «Stf i
SUNDAY Oct. 20. for the purpose of attend- •
lr.g the funeral of our late brother. A- r. l
TILLSON from I. O. O. F. Hall. By order.
FRED ROTHGANGER. Recorder. j
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic .
process from the Calaveras Mining. Water
and Power Company, in the Johnston and .
geott Hill mines, near San Andreas, Calaveras ]
County, to deposit tailings In Willow Creek;
from Charles Hilton. In the Calvaritas Hill •
mine, at Calvaritas. Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailings in gulches draining into O'Neill ;
end San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel .
Leal and A. Rose, in the South Honcut mine, '
In Tuba County, near Bangor, to deposit tail-
ings In South Honcut Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be, held in room 59, Flood
> building. Ban Francisco, Cal., on October 28,
ttOL at 1:33 P. m. '
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
stockholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company \u25a0will be held at the office of the com-
pany 327 Market et. Jn the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, October 23, 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
\u25a0will cloee on Saturday. October 12. 1901. et 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
MEETIX G S S U A D AY.
MRS. GXLLJXGHA-TS spiritual test meeting, 8
p. m.. 10c; assisted by Mr. Lamott. 305 Larkin.
ACEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley, 500 pages; |
best book; 100 Illustrations ; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland Or.
GLOBE Portrait Co. removed to 1067 Market;
agents watted; can make $3 to $5 a day.
\u25a0 ADOPTION".
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emilie Funke,1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTCM ROOFIX6.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. 50c; by nail. 50c. 1163 Market st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st— Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn ; mortgages ;
property bought: money loaned; Insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings, 418',£ Post
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
/ lections ;attachments; mortgages; bills of sale:
p*rtnerfcbip6;deeds; wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100?^ Mkt.. r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVTCE free— Divorces a specialty; quick
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVTCE f re^ ; moderate fee if successful ; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket 6t. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Schoolgirl to board; refined private
family; best care; terms reasonable. 1023 Mc-
Allister Et.
MOTHER'S care and good borne for two or
three children: low terms. 1607 California st
BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2958.
\u25a0 HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7C6-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, £26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAXCES^ .^^
A — $1250; BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a flrst-class paying buslnesd.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1SOO; BAKERY In Western Addition: estab-
lished 26 years; rent $45; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels per day.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2616 Kearny at
A— $500; RESTAURANT and chop house;
1— dies* rooms; dally receipts about $45; rent
$50; best location. Tenderloin district Call
R. Q. WILKE. 2Ctf Kearny st.
\u25b2—$400; CORNER saloon on Mason st; rent
125; good business; must be sold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call
R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny 8t \u25a0
A.— $125; PARTNER wanted In good paying
restaurant on water front Call B, G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; COFFEE saloon and lunch room In
wholesale district; no rent; dally receipts
from $35 to $40; help expenses only $5 per day.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26M Kearny st.
A— $350; DELICACY and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
re&rs and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
$2250— GROCERY, postoffice, laundry. 3 news-
paper agencies, public telephone; laet year's
receipts $15,000; out of city; rent $15: this
place must be seen; a bargain. DECK &
CO.. S27 Market st. room 208.
TO buy groceries and bars, bakeries, notions,
etores, saloons, carsiaee, paint shops, coal
yards, cigar stands, candy factory or any-
thing in the real estate business, we have
them and they will stand investigation. Go
to DECK & CO.. 927 Market st. room 208.
A— CIGAR stand netting $4 dally sacrificed on
account of death. Ask HEDGES BROS.. 410
Parrott building.
A— IF you want a business, one that will pay
$250 per month from the Etart, see HEDGES
BROfc.. 410 Parrott building.
* $_«— RESTAURANT; cost $700; closed; slck-
ners; must ecll; rent paid till 1st D. Mc-
RAE. ni Mission Bt.
Jjoo— RESTAURANT: chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE.
£37 Mission st
Jl2. r >— BRANCH bakery and notion store; stock,
fixtures and nice living rooms; rent only $12
FARSHMAN & GUSTE, 78 Third St. '
IF you -wish to sell or purchase a business see
FARSHMAN & GUSTE, 78 Third St.
FOR sale— A well-fitted up saloon on Market
et. : on account of death will be sold at a bar-
gain: no agents. Apply McLEOD is. HATJE,
.-.15 Market xt.
CHOP house at a great sacrifice; price $125;
clearing $100 a month; muet be sold at once.
McBRIDE & CO.. 993 Market et.
BROWN & ODELL. 41 Third et.— If you want
to pell or exchange your business or lodging-
house list it with us.- Phone Red 3313.
SALOON: all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city; in-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st
GROCERY and bar: living rooms; cheap rent;
beers full investigation. 21 Geary et., rm. 1.
PARTNER wanted with some capital In very
profitable manufacturing business: man who
would work in factory preferred; light work,
easily learned. Box 126L Call office.
ADVERTISER, aged 40. with $200 for lnvest-
tnent will entertain business proposition.
Box 1259. Call office. ""\u25a0- -•„- •, '
SALOON for ea!e on water front Apply at
12 Jackson st . '. '<-'•:;',
LAUNDRYMAN wants steam laundry or in-
terest in oire; city or country. Box 1214, Call.
DENTIST— Fine country practice; will sacri-
fice If taken immediately. Bex _S2, CalL
nr5I\KSS <TT \X'f-T55 CnntiniKMl.
c7p7?AlTlSTir^TfiN^ON! "~ I
A well-known investment banking house of
this city is about to organize a bank in a -
most promising interior town, having no
bank as yet, but which does an annual busi-
ness of about $3,000,000; residents of the town j
have agreed to build an up-to-date buildinK .
for the new bank; we now want a few more
parties with money, from $100 upward, to J
take up the remaining ' shares of the bank \u25a0
etock; the investment is estimated to bring .
magnificent returns. Address box 1225, Call.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with a first-class bar <
connected, doing a business cf about {100 a -
(Jay; price $U00; part of money can stand on '
busineFs; will bear the fullest investigation. \u25a0
Address box 2340. Call office, Oakland.
, ]
T"OR SALE— The Call agency In Santa. Cruz;
price $1200. J
WOOD and coal yard; central; fine horses and •
wagons; established 45 years; clears $300 mo.; '
whole or half: great bargain. 34 Kearny st ;
J900— STOCK and fixtures of Jewelry store In -
heart of city; repair trade a specialty; good _
reasons for selling. Address box 1254, Call^__ i
LIQUOR store; good family and bar trade; rea- _
sonable; m_ n street; fine location; owner ,
going north. Box 2342, Call office. Oakland.
ESTABLISHED fruit store for sale; good j
trade. 28 Franklin . \u25a0
FOR sale cheap— Well furnished restaurant
Call at 619 Montgomery st.
SALOON for sale. 84 Jackson st.
FOR sale— Fruit etore with liorse and wagon. '\u25a0
cheap. 1249 Mission st.
$3000 LOAN wanted; 2d mtge.; R. eat: good !
values; will pay $500 premium. Box 1221, Call.
BAKER'S fixtures, 2 horses and wagons; com-
plete outfit. Box 2341. Call office. Oakland.
FOR Bale— Grocery and bar; sacrifice for quick .
sale. 132 Eighth st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H^C~T>ECK^K^^5FT ; icl3rTwir^aTk^irst?Ts
I. ..".HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS, FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 to $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
5 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best ' 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4509
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 369
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; fiat; near City Hall S50
IS rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $230 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
S50 Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
6 rooms; elegantly furn.; flat $700
8 rooms; furniture and carpets; 1st class. 650
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500
16 roon:s; full; everything good; snap 1000
7 rooms: new and finely furn.; flat 750
9 rooms; right downtown ;.. 900 I
9 rooms; cheap rent, including piano 1250 i
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500 |
43 rooms; full; choice; bargain 4500!
17 rooms; north of Market; snap 1200
12 rooms; boarding: best location 1200 I
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
A CAMERON &' CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Ffcone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
75 r., rent $175, fine investment $5500
44 r.. rent $120, inc. $300. apart, house.. $3000
28 r., sunny bay window cor., reduced... 2100
24 r., tent $30. clears $75, trans., 3d St.... 1150
22 r., rent $37. housekeeping. Third st 350
19 r., rent $75, clears $70, down town 1200
10 r., rent $15, clears $40, good fur. carp... 600
V r.. rent J32 50. near Ellis 425
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell st; cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second St.; great bargain; price
$225.
51 rooms on Eddy st. ; great bargain.
20 rooms on Eutter st. ; price $800.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold in our
office under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our office, 993 Market
St.. rooms 1 and 3. McBRIDE & CO., Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st, opposite Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
eale list your houses with
G. W. fiCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St.. opp. Mason; phone Mint 1911.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
24 rooms, rent $65, part cash $1000
27 rooms, business corner, cheap rentt 1S00
28 rooms, rent $50. clears $100 900
40 rooms, cheap rent, north of Market.... 3S00
120 rooms, rent $110, profits $1600 yearly 3550
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market »t.
. 10-ROOM new flat, a bargain for $500
IS rooms; near Market; rent only $55 1400
26 rooms; fine location; rent $100; only.... 1500
E0 others to choose from. Call at office and
see list. Will loan you money at 1%%. M.
; E. RIVES, 916 Market st; tel. Main 128.
$1000—23 ROOMS; rent $65; $750 cash; clears $65.
, DECK & CO.. 927 Market St., room 208.
SEE this house; it Is a bargain; rent $40: $200
can remain; clears $50. DECK & CO., 927
1 Market st., room 208.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st;
; phone Folsom 1592.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
; list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
[ ELEGANTLY furnished. 14-roomi flrst-class
boarding-house for sale reasonable. Apply
at 800 Van Ness ave.
t ' \u25a0
> SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
; and life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
' Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
BROCKWAY' S psychic seance. Sunday, Tues-
: day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings daily.
J 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
• MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak st; circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
j p. m.. 10c; readings dally, 50c.
| MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
1 life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings', $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st : Ellis car.
' HARMACHEIS, occult medium; circles Sun.,
1 Tues.,Wed.,Fri.eves.;rdgs.dally. 332 O'Farrell.
: MRS. LESTER, 'circle 8 p. m., 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
, PROF. GEE. 10S 6th— Readings 50c and $1; cir.
I every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1125.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
, Meyer: Fittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c
J CLAIRVO YAKTS.
' MMH. M. BERNARD, ~~
THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
. located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
. scrlption of the past, reveals the present hap-
. penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. ~ If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
- tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
; medium and you will be told how to overcome
. them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. '
. MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
'- medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
- 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
e anteed by mall; send stamp for • pamphlet
\u25a0with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
t PRINCESS FATIMA of the trible of Aloho-
bar. Bedouins, from Horan, near Damascus;
'• life readings through esoteric astronomy;
limited engagement In this city, Oct. 15
" to Nov. 21; hours 10 to 12, 1 to 5 and 7 to 9.
,[ lOOS 1^ Market st., room 1, second floor.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT.
t Permanently located in my own home, WES-
LEY ORMAN, psychic, trance, clairvoyant
medium. Those calling to-day will receive
the benefit of my lowest fee, $1; hours, 10
it a. m. to 7:30 p. m. 417 Ellis st.
1" A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
- HIGH PSYCHIST.
,; The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
i. he fucceeds when others, fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk et; readings by mail.
o MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
t, reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
i. C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue..
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush; p. Larkin 227D.
Miss M.Wille,326A ElUs St., greatest of all cry£
tal seers; reads your life correctly: full names
i- given: sittings. 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
- BROCKWAY tells everything; if you are con-
templating a change in business or social life
consult him. 39 Hyde et., . corner Eddy.
HELP WANTED FEMALE— Con.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 32%
\u25a0Fremont St.; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. , Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. \u25a0
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
ing & facial massage included; course $5; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st, room 15.
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also operator on women's waiats
and, wrappers. MARKS BROS., 1212-1214
Market st. , \u25a0
WANTED— First-class finisher on ladies' tailor-
made jackets. Apply M. ROTHCHILD. 528
, Sutter st ; : "
WANTED— Young girl to help take care of
baby; sleep home. Apply 1442 O'Farrell st,
between 8 and 1:30, or 6 to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Girl, 14 to 16, to assist In care of 2
children and light work. 403 Fair Oaks st,
corner Twenty-flfth. '
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie st, 5th floor.
\u25a0LADY nurse wishes a lady assistant; good
I home and fair pay to right party; state age.
Box 1206, Call office.
GIRL for B'akersfield; cooking and general
housework; wages $25; call mornings. 1S10
Bush st. '
EXPERIENCED girl to work In candy store.
Call at Greek-American Candy Co., 44
Fourth st. __^_
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
no children. 817 East Nineteenth St., near
Sixteenth ave., East Oakland.
-WANTED— A bookkeeper; state references, ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box 1255,
Call office. \u25a0
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework; short distance in
country: $20. 233 Devlsadero St.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
wages $20. Apply at 906 O'Farrell st
WANTED— First-class waitress at 1414 Califor-
nia st. ; references.
WANTED— At once, a business manager: a
woman over 25 preferred. Box 1242, Call.
GIRL to take care of baby and assist; steady;
good wages. - 819 Post st.
NEAT, reliable girl-; German preferred; house-
work; small family; refs.; $20. 851 Fulton st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia et. \u25a0
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
...Office open, 7 a. m. to-day
Free......._ R. R. men, Free
UKIAH
C N. W. R. R '
UKIAH
50 teamsters, Ukiah Free fare
50 laborers, Ukiah ..Free fare
50 steel and ballast men, Ukiah Free fare
Free Ship Dally.... Free
MECHANICAL HELP
Woodworker, country shop, $45 and found, see
boss here ....-
2 boiler makers, mining company $3 60 day
Carpenter, mining company «_. $75
Bla-cksmith helper, ranch ...??.. $35 and found
Horseshoer, $52; bench hand, $3 day; tinsmith,
furnaceman, for mine
SAWMILL AND WOODS HELP
Bandsaw filer, sawmill company $1
Screw turner, sawmill company $2 50 day
Dogger, sawmill company $40 and found
10 laborers to pile lumber and work in yards,
sawmill company $37 50 and found
....; MISCELLANEOUS
5 laborers, no experience required, San Mateo
County $2 a day
12 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
Farmer and wife, $35; milker, south, $35;
milker, $1 fare, $35; 25 2 and 4 horse teamsters,
$2 and $2 25 a day; 150 muckers, drillers and
laborers, $2 50 and $2 25 a day; handy man as
porter and repair stoves, $2 a day; 2 chore-
men. Catholic institution..." — $20 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop $40 and found
Young man to drive butcher wagon and look
after horses •' $25 and found
Butcher and drive peddling wagon, married
or single, $30 and found or $50; sausage maker,
$40 and found; 7 cooks, $50, $10 and $35; 9
waiters, $30 to $10
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A— FOREMAN for a small ranch, who under-
stands something about machinery. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. m
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary St.
,' Railroad Work Free Fare-
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
60 teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $175 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
E0 drillers $2 25 to $2 50
50 muckers $2
Free Fare.. Ship to-day Free Fare
10 house carpenters, country. (350 a day;
blacksmith, city, $3 a day: man about place,
$25; 50 drillers and laborers for big ditch,
$2 25 to $2 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French or Italian second cook, $60; French
or Italian third cook, $50; cook, $45; dish-
washer, $20, same country hotel; fry cook,
hotel, $40; 10 waiters, country hotels, $2? 50
to $30; cook, country hotel, $60; Tyler ironer,
country, $12 a week; plain laundryman,
country $25'; dishwasher, institution, $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
«B0 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
'E0 laborers for Ukiah $2 per day
FREE FARE
Carload of laborers, $2 25 to $2 50 per day.
(No office fee for above carload.)
Cheap rates to Shasta and Trinity counties.
We charter a car that leaves to-day.
Italian cook, Tacoma, $125 per mo., fare paid.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st— Nurse
for institution, near city, $30 and found; clerk
for merchandise store, country, $60; teamster,
'4 horses, city, $2 a day; choreman for ranch.
$25; farmer and plain blacksmith, $26; ranch
boy, near city, $15; dishwasher, country hotel,
$20; first and second cooks for boat, . $10 and
$30; waiter for institution, $20; scraper teams-
ters, $1 50 a day and board; pick and shovel
laborers, $1 50 a day and board.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton j St.— Walter, coun-
try hotel, $20 and found; 2 butlers, $50 and $35;
second cook, $60; second cook, plain restau-
rant, $40; assistant cook, short orders, $30 and
found; cook, small place, $S a week; chore-
man for resort, $25; dairyman, private place,
$25.
WANTED — Quartz mill man, amalgamator and
engineer for 4 stamp mill; $100 per month. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento 6t.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
A BRIGHT young man about 16 years of age
for general work in our cutting room. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
domestic salesman. Apply bet. 8 and 10:30
a. m.. HALE BROS.
WANTED— Bright boy 16 to 18 years of age.
Apply bet. 8 and 10:30 a. m. HALE BROS.
AN . experienced male stenocrapher and Rem-
ington operator by wholesale house; state
age, whether married or single, salary. desired
and previous ' employment. Box 1301, Call.
WANTED — Capable man of go.od address for po-
sition in wholesale house: must write a good
- hand and understand bookkeeping; wages $60
to $75. Calif. Business College, 305 Larkin st.
WANTED — A competent and experienced dyer
and cleaner. Address, with recommendations.
Model Steam Laundry, Seattle, Wash.
WANTED— Plumbers, pipe fitters and sheet-
iron workers, with tools. • TAYLOR &
'. PRITCHARD. 12 and 14 Market st.
FITTERS for architectural iron work, iron,
stairs, etc.; also strong, intelligent boys, 18
to 20, to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission.
'• WANTED — Man who can hustle: extraordinary
- inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
1 large concern. Address box 553. Call office.
L BUTCHER wanted, young man, for route; Ger-
; man preferred. Kentucky Market, 1518 Ken-
tucky st. ;
- WANTED— Experienced coachman. • Apply to
:. C. SPRECKELS. 327 Market st.
2 COATMAKER— First-class man wanted. MAR-
TIN BROS., 17 Stockton St.
il BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 409 Pine
;. street. -
GOOD barber, twelve Saturday to Sunday noon;
:. -Sunday. $4. 1646 Polk st. . ' ' • . \u25a0
il BARBER; Saturday noon to Sunday noon. 502
Turk st. .
- .BARBER Saturday and Sunday; tools fur-
:. nished; $4 guaranteed. 1546 Park St.. Alameda.
!0 BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
904 Bryant st./nyar Seventh, _ ._,_
INVESTMENTS^^
$3 00
PER MONTH.
For five months, will buy
100 SHARES 190
PAYMASTER GOLD MINING COMPANY.
Grass Valley, Cal.
A FORTUNE IN SIGHT.
Shares only 25 cents, payable in
FIVE MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS.
Non-assessable.
Fullest Investigation Solicited.
A mining expert of wide experience and
recommended by the Nevada County Bank
indorses the property as being exceedingly rich.
His report can be seen by applying at our
Over e '$75C0 worth sold In eight days. Call for
prospectus and expert's report.
CORDE & KNKWING (Inc.).
FISCAL AGENTS.
Tel. Main 5773. 207 MONTGOMERY ST.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Diamond star on night of October 9 at
Bishops' reception at Hopkins Art Institute
or on route between there and Mill Valley.
Suitable reward if returned to C. G. CAM-
BRON. 132 California, 3t.
GOING from Gough and Ellis to Larkin. to
Geary, to Hyde, a small package containing:
linen square and gold thimble iniatlaled.
Please return to 1072 Ellis St.: reward.
LOST — A turquoise, surrounded by diamonds,
in the form of a brooch, on Friday, October
18, 1301. The finder will be suitably rewarded
tor its return at 2125 Jackson st
LOST — Small parcel containing fancy work and
eyeglasses. Please return to 1003 Geary St.
LOST— From 2213 Devisadero st., corner Wash-
ington; collie pup: male; return; reward.
LOST— Jf pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th^
name of MATTHEW EBNER or JOHANNA
EBNER ; No. 243-3S3. The finder will pleasa
return to bank.
LOST — Three diamond rings in Oakland, near
Eighth an-3 Adeline sts. Liberal reward if re-
turned to Dr. H. 31 KERGAN, 1124 Eighth
St., Oakland. ________
LOST— Small fox terrier; left ear brown: an-
swers to name of Coota; reward. 2S36 Sutter
St.. corner Lyon.
FOUND— Gentleman's Cleveland safety. Owner
can have same by calling 83S^ Harrison, rear.
IT -rill pay to ••Remember" tnat the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PlLLOWi.
TO order also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell »_;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief; in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre«
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University,
Berlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement; best care, attention; confinement
$15; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 13tU
St.; Mission-st. cars; consultation free.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable Iadie3' specialist:
private horns before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 110 O'Farrell st.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; of flea
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHEKB.AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homa
in confinement. 1126 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; besj medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement.
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell St.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; 25 years' experience in S. F. ;
guarantees to cure all female trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirror?, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 102L 1023
Mission st., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iroa
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.: also wood-working tools, such as
band saws, wood planers, shaoers. stickers,
mortisers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDLVE. 220
Fremont st.
RARE Persian rugs collected while In Turkey;
will sacrifice for nominal prices or will ex-
change same for diamonds; cause leaving
city. Address L. MANOUK, 620 Guerrero st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe9. shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND 1901 Cleveland. Stearns. Ram-
bter, Snell. chalnless Spau'ding and cheaper
wheels; closing out. 607 Mission st.
WATCHES, jewelry rep. and made; cash pd,
for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister at/, room 16. WM. MUND.
HAND tenoning machine- and hand shaper
suitable for carpenter shop: also No. 2
Hooker steam pump. S43 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson st.. near First.
1901 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others; second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
GAS engine; perfect condition; only used few
days. Consumers' Electrical Assn.. 524 Sutter.
CHEAP. 4 H. P. gasoline engine; 2 steam
pumps; all kinds tools. L. Sparber. 546 llissn.
10 H. P. economizer boiler with engine mounted,
all complete; as good as new; $173. 515 Mission.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHV.ERDT. 821 Mission st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
OFFER wanted on small stock millinery. Ad-
dress 523 E. Eleventh St.. East Oakland.
FINE sealskin, slightly used; size 36 bust; will
sell for $100; cost $175. Box 1154. Call office.
LARGE vault front: also large fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO.. 42 Main St.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $55; re-
ductlon. H. F. ALLEN. 203 California st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
J^ W *FJ' RT for B «»o and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny st.. room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & -BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. all Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN BAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers: second-band machinery.
J. BXJRKE. 139 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay seals; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 21S California at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED— Gasoline engines from 3 to 4 horse-
power; must be in good condition and cheap.
Address box 1239. Call office.
WANTED— A 11CO or 2CCO*volt single phase al-
ternating dynamo. Address C. W. LANG-
STOFF. Forest Hill. Cal.
WANTED — Small room with use of steam for
heating purposes. Box 1253. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WH1TEHEAD. 17Qg Market st.
TILTON. wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Sth st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOA.\.
__WMAI«LXTXA^rii_OA^C^_P^5^*^~~
$300,000 at S per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town anu country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities Loans
•on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We ,wlll purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024 M\N-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT ~~"~ '<
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probata
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay ".
Get my terms before doing business elsewheri
R. McCOLGAN
• • 21 Montgomery st^room 3 M
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
MISS BESSIE STOY, having studied art un-
der the best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
in teaching the same, desires a position as
superintendent or teacher of drawing in either
a public or private school. Address MISS
BESSIE STOY, Louisville, Ky. £
WANTED— By first-class dressmaker, a few
" more customers to sew for by the day; terms
reasonable. Address 1306 Ellis st.
WANTED— By respectable woman, no incum-
brance, housekeeping position in small fam-
ily; best of references. Box 1219, Call office.
SITUATION wanted; competent second girl:
also housework girl; references. Please call
716 Leaven worth st. • \u25ba
A YOUNG lady with a little girl wishes situa-
tion at light housework; no wash; city or
country. Call 706A Jones st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
• ket— 200 rooms; 2oc to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — .MALE.
MARRIED- man, best character, wants em-
ployment; handy with horses, tools; care of
, place; best references. Box 1211, Call office.
POSITION wanted as grocery clerk by young
man 25; best references. Box 1256. Call office.
COLORED man desire* situation as cook or
second work. Address 2793 Filbert st.
A PARTY well connected East, especially New
York City, thoroughly understanding the wine
trade, being in constant touch with the Ital-
ian and French consumers of claret and other
wines, desires to hear from California firms
wishing to be represented there; New York
and San Francisco references. Answer F. G.,
box 1207. Call office. .-
ONE In every respect thoroughly competent
(single, sober orchardist, with good references,
steady worker and large experience in that
line, would like a steady, responsible position
and take full " charge of an orchard at any
v city at reasonable, compensation. E. G. O.,
221 Second st. ._ ~ •
WANTED— Position by young man residing
with parents (as assistant bookkeeper, porter
or assistant shipping clerk; steady and tem-
perate; can furnish best of references: Box
• 1222, Call office.
A THOROUGH bookkeeper and accountant
having a few hours daily to spare would like
one or more sets of books to keep; terms rea-
sonable. Box 1218, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as gardener
In private place; understands care of horses
«nd can milk; wages $25; references given.
Box 1101, Call office.
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine busi-
ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position; Al references.
Address box 1238, Call office.
YOUNG man from East, with some financial
backing, wishes position in office; brokerage
or commiesion preferred. Address box 1237,
Call office.
WANTED— By flrst-class Eastern people, posi-
tion as manager, steward or chef; hotel, club
or restaurant; references; wife excellent
housekeeper. B. F. G., 319 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper with first-class
references wants situation in good hotel or
. saloon; city or country. Box 1248, Call office.
RELIABLE, experienced cook wants position;
town, country, hotel, restaurant; good refer-
ences. Cook, 45 Franklin st. .
YOUNG man, understands care of horses;
drive; milk cows; light work; small wages.
PETER CUSICK, 33 East St.. Dewey House.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants a situation
in a family. S. H., box 1250, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establisned at 1096
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial "propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 3?6 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. , (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay window in every
room; fine view; elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola.st and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
$6 — NEW flat, 3 rooms, yard, range; water
free; 23 Holly St., 100 feet from Mission-st.
electric cars, opp. 33d and Mission; no chil-
dren.
HAIGHT. 457, near Fill more— Upper flat of 4
sunny rooms; yard and basement; rent $12.
HAYES, 1747, near Park— Modern sunny flats, 4
• and 5 rooms; $14 and $20.
UNION, 1524. corner Van Ness — New top flat, 6
rooms, storeroom and yard; marine .view; $36.
MOSS, 30, oft Folsom — Bay-window flat;
6. large, sunny rooms; gas, water and yard.
$7.50 to $8— TWO 3-room flats on Linden live. ;
water and ashman free. Key at 524 Fell st.
MODERN upper sunny flat, 7 rooms, bath;
first-class order. 105 S_outh Park.
$22 50— MODERN bay-window flat, 7 rooms and
bath. 15B Henry 8t.. near Market and 15th.
MODERN sunny flat of 6 rooms. 1130 Golden
Gate ave., near Webster st.
FURNISHED FLAT WANTED.
WANTED— ByT adults, furnished flat of 3 or
4 rooms; north of Market; centrally located;
must be reasonable. Box 1249, Call.
FRAMES AND PICTURES. ,
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all .sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 E0, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOIi sale— Furniture of 5 rooms and bath.
912 Ellis St.; rent $1S; 6unny side.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
WILSON buys ail kinds of household goods.
1710 Market: tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P.' Beauchamp, 928 HowRrd St.,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782: highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
D. & F. new SI glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grar.t ave.
HELP WANTED-- FEMALE.
A^MRs! Tm.1_ . DAY "& CO. ..".Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, $20, see party
9 a. m.; 6 waitresses, city; 8 waitresses, coun-
try. $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 cooks, $30; 3 second girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; housegirls, $20 and $25: neat young
housegirl for one lady, no wash, $15
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary Bt. x
A— FRENCH ladles' maid; choice place
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .......335 Geary st.
WANTEJ> — Cook, for ranch, $30, see party 10
o'clock; housegirl for Napa, $25; hotel cook,
$30; cook for men,- $25; French second girl, $20;
laundress and chambermaid, $30; restaurant
cook, $30; 5 cooks. German style. $30-$35:
housegirl, 2 in family, $25, see lady to-day; 7
hotel waitresses, $20-$25; 5 chambermaids,
wait one meal, $20; laundress, $30: 4 second
girls $20-$25; a large number of houseglrlp,
$20-$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter it.
BRIGHT woman who understands cutting of
ladies' and children's wear. 656 Mission St.,
\u25a0 third floor.
150 OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
' and children's wear. 656 Mission St.. 4th floor.
150 GIRLS to learn to operate on ladles' and
children's wear. 656 Mission et, fourth floor.
WANTED— An experienced chocolate dipper;
• good, wages. ! Box 1213. Call office. . „ \u25a0\u25a0 .
LABELERS wanted by Code-Portwood Can-
ning" Co., Tenth and Bryant sts.; steady work.
GOOD hand for waist ' and" dressmaking. 782
Geary st.. near Hyde. . .\u25a0
PROTESTANT girl; light housework; small
washing; wages $15. Apply 432 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED— Waitress; call early. 132 Fourth st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Callat 632 Golden Gate ave. '..\u25a0\u25a0.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. "Apply be-
- tween 8 and 10:30 a. m. HALE BROS.. Inc.
GOOD seamstress. Apply between' 8 and 10:30
a. m. HALE BROS., Inc. . j;- <
CLAIRVOTASTS Coti t Iiiti e«I. I
IslfA^rthe^EgypTian Gypsy, clairvoyant and »
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays- from 10 to 12 a. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only lCc; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles :
25c; gents EOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth st. -'
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel. JesEie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmistry; £
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149'Mission, over store.
MME SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; •
sittings daily. 448^ Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th. *
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. -
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with p»or work .
' send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- (
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying; ~ d
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission..
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS. .
PARRY, 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1095. *
AMERICAN Carpet-beating 'Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relald.'lOa 14th St.; tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM &,CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
- 333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam I. Carpet-beating Works, g! IL
STEVENS. Mgr., SS-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
t ' CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room. 307.
. COLLECTION OFFICES*.,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargiTun^
less successful. Room 310, S27 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
DENTISTS. '
A^DR f. S. HIGGINS, 927~Market' streetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 60;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate- $15;
gold and porcelain crowns,* $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and HI lings; . extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
I A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates. $3, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
or Dorcelain crowns, $5; set of' teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission St., SE. cor. Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rate3.
YOU can gave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
I Full pet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
I SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
j YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st.
| DR. R. L. WALSH, S15% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates jo up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIESl
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service euaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NEER1NG— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogu* free.
1 A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
1 A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
1 school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin Bt.
I ACTING, elocution, specialties Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
; ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
; rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.,minlng,mech.sur-
; vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 1-1 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one man who per-
i fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers lsTARR^_theexpert !^OP^r_o_tt^buIJdlng.
, A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only ${0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinists, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st.
• Acting & elocution— Eve. classes, special rates;
monthly payments. Leo Cooper, 811 Geary st.
. ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
1 SPANISH, French, etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
QfLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
' Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
' MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
[ lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
i VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. _'
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
" ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
; ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
'\u25a0 HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tfe.
c r~~*~* ~— — ~— — — — —————\u25a0———\u25a0 — — -— \u25a0 ~— \u25a0— — — — ~— ~— ~— ~— ~*
| EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
• JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
" AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
t CHINESE Employment Office— Air kinds of
J help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James l§01.
' JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. : tel. Bush 516.
s ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
j nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072
" RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
L • flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S. j
- EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
: RESPECTABLE competent German girl wishes
5 position in email American family for light
second work where she can attend night
school; is good sewer and embroiderer, etc.;
no children. Call Sunday afternoon, 4 o'clock,
at 18 San Carlos ave., near Eighteenth st.,
! bet. Valencia and Mission.
} REFINED young woman with no incumbrances
0 and fond of children would like position as
' housekeeper in small family. Address C, box
1258. Call office.
WANTED — By a widow. position as housekeep-
; | er; good manager; also good cook and sewer;
Y city or country. Box 1257, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED- lady wishes situation; general
1 housework: thorough housekeeper; good cook.
: ' 361 Minna ft.
.' MIDDLE-AGED woman, no incumbrance, good
plain cook, as working housekeeper; small
wages. 907 Folsom st»,. near Fifth.. '
i' WANTED— Dressmaking or plain . Bewing by
r the" day. Address C. H.. box 1217. Call office.
s DRESSMAKER desires sewing by the day.
• Apply at 259 Seventh st. ;.--..
LADY wants a position as housekeeper; is a
e good manager, also a good sewer. Box 1208,
Call office. > u;Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Following is a statement of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equaling
50 California miner's inches, or about 40 Colo
rado miner's inches. The figures are from J. B.
Llpplncott, hydrographer of the United States
Geological Survey: „\u25a0 ...
FLOW OF BI VKHS.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 18.— "William H.
Mealey, the American mining- man. who
was imprisoned at Porfirio Diaz, Mexico,
for several days -without cause, as he and
his friend claim, has appealed to tho
authorities at Washington for the ap
pointment of a commission whose duties
it shall be to make a thorough investiga
tion of the alleged persecution at the
hands of the Mexican authorities. Mealey
asserts. that he\ has been defrauded out
of his rights to mining properties valued
at nearly $2,000,000, and he wants a thor
ough and impartial investigation made of
the whole matter. In a letter received to
day from Mealey he reviews the difficulty
that was experienced in satisfying the de
mands of the Federal District Judge at
Porfirio Diaz in the matter of the bond.
The bond was fixed at $3500, and the Judge
insisted that the bondsmen be residents
of Porfirio Diaz, a little town containing
few Americans and where Mealey was lit
tle known. Mealey's friends finally got
the order rescinded and then tendered
$3500 in gold. The Judge refused to accept
the gold, and -lemanded that the bond be
made of national bank bills. State cur
rency of general circulation was also re
fused. There was not a sufficient amount
of national bank bills in the town to make
up the bond and there was considerable
delay in getting them from other parts of
the country. It Is asserted that there is a
small business combination or clique re
cently established in Mexico which, com
posed as it is of descendants of Mexican
families of high official power, is exerting
an influence most baneful on American
investments and which is Imputed" to have
taken an active part in Mealey's prosecu
tion, with the object of forcing him to
desist ftom asserting his legal rights to
valuable properties which are claimed by
Mexicans. •
Claims That He Has Been
Defrauded Out of Valu
able Property.
Asks for Investigation
of His Persecution
in Mexico.
MEALEY APPEALS
TO GOVERNMENT
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. \u25a0 —
1900. 1901.
October 6 400 . 440
October 7 320 440
October 8 '. 320 400
October 9... 320 400
October 10 \u25a0'. 285 400
October 11 285 400
October 12 '. 2S3 400
September 22 215 440
Beptember 23 250 440
September 24... 215 572
September 25 250 572
September 28 250 572
September 27 250 520
September 2S 250 620
September 29 250 4S0
September 30 250 480
October 1 250 4S0
October 2 2 15 4S0
October 3 250 440
October 4 39Q 4 g 0
October 5....... 360 440
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
* DATE. _SecondFeeT"
_1SCO. 1901.
October 6 1312 140
October 7.... 952 no
October 8 :. 862 - 45
October 9 952 33
October 10 1072 35
October 11.....'. $$•> 35
October 12 1073 93
September 22.... 27 65
September 23 27 110
September 24 •. 19 250
September 25 .-vv. 13 ion
September 26 i» S-Jv
September 27 [% 140
September 28 37 11()
September 29. , l . 122 '50
September 30 77 «„
October 1 77 fZ
tOctober 2 47
October 3 47 VZ
October 4 e -n {$
October 5 2 Q32 140
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
DATE. JecondFeet^
1900. 1301.
October 6 ~7,^
October 7 5 :70 ?J^
October 8 ; 49^ IJi-S
October 9 4^ <}i°
October 10 4^ * 4 \-^
October H 435a ||i2
October 12 ; tlSS »so
feSbiri:::::::::::::::::::::: S I
S"i:::::::::::::::::::- |s; 1
September 26 ,'ZS ' 5-2
September 27 rSg J*g
September 28 "" 3 go? £S
September 23 .'... !'!o5 il%Z
September 30 £ «»
October 1 » c r - Z:~
October 2 . "•' |"22 ij#
October 3 . f',™ i\ln
October 4 I... %'IR J™
October 5 ' £22 ««
\u25a0."\u25a0WASHINGTON, ' Oct; ,18.— Secretary
Hitchcock left to-night for his summer
residence in New Hampshire to bring: Ms
family home.
Secretary Hitchcock Leaves for Home
GRAND HOTEL.
C R Thorburn, Spokane C G Burnett * w r,i
J Harlan, Cal H E Picket. Placervm.
C O'Keefe Mexico R E Wishing * L An|
F Strong, Los Angeles F» \v Wlsmer Los Arf
Lilian M Stewart. Chic| P Musto Stc'kton
Abble Brown, Chicago; Mrs J Cavanaeh Cal
Mrs A Mills, NY EG Cavanash Cal
Mrs D W French, N Y A R Couder U S N
D H Etten. NY J Reith J r Woodland
J P Corliss, NY O Y WoodWardCal
W J Be". Visalia A A Taylor S Cruz
H Hauser. Los Ang A I McSorley.S Andrea
HE Carter. Los An S W S Bell. Petalurna
Mrs Richards. S Rosa F E Halton. Sheridan
Miss Peck. Sta. Rosa D B Sparks *i -y
J J Weil, Sacto A D Braham 'ch'caeo
E C Murray & w.Wash T J Williams Ontario
J E Steinbeck & w. Call J R Hlllier? Chicago
J S Roeers, Ala J Voshoosky & w v v
D A Madera, Salinas W J Morse & w Alaslr
J W Roach, Ind M P Bau & w U S N
M P Fawt'.er. Paris T M Landrum S Clira
Mine Fawtier, Paris A J Kennedy. Portland
Mile Fawtier. Paris Miss Kennedy Pbrtind
Mrs M Bruml. Lockefd C C Hickock & w rv,i
H J Bruml, Lockeford H Bleecker. Los An-
Mrs X. L Galbralth, Or J Tait. Portland
J N Woods Stockton W H Franklln.Snokane
I Brunn, Chicago il E B Stebbins, us v
D W Worth, Fortuna J J Morey. Wat=onville
E J Oullahan. Stktn J D Rudley. Cal
W F Knox. Sacto . J E Bir-tholdt Cal
G A McElfresh, L Ang J P Davenport - L Antr
P F Harrington. U S N Mrs S D Conover Ohio
G P Stebbins, Vallejo P P H Conover Ohio
. PALACE HOTEL.
J S Kempvanee, Colo Baron von Bosch -r^i
J E Terry, Sacto vedere ' el "
W J Stocker, England T Lefevre. Paris
Mrs I II Newman, NY H J Small Sacto
A H Atherton, Boston F II Brumby IT <? m
G W Schwarting. Cal F F Moore. N Y
C Munroe, Los Ang Miss Burns, Yokohama
W J Wleley, S Mateo Mrs O B Cooksev rTi
C Seltgman. Los Ang S N' Kent, Lo s An« -
R H Stevens. NY A Armour. Liverpool
D M Rlordan, Los Ang R w McAllister sm
Mrs H G Stevens. S waukee '
Mateo / E Garratt, Seattle
II Buck & w. Conn Miss F Low, N y
Miss Alice Comgtock. H M Biglow. Boston
Providence L A Crane. Santa Cruz
Mrs V Frost. Maes B Goodman. PhMa
Miss A L Frost, Mass J A Marshall. Glasgow
Miss M P Nott. Mass O J Smith, Reno
L H Smith & w, N H A J Farmer S- w N Y
Miss G P Smith, N H H D IIombTger* Gerv
J F Tracy & w. Conn K J Soencer, London
J W ony Jr, Boston R Willis. London
C S Smith, Boston ' . C W Schwartz, Berlin
F H Ray. NY EB Rathbone. Chicago
W N Chceney Jr & w, E Brown & w. Mass
Chicago H Wat«on & w. Mont-
Ada Hunter. Scotland real
D S Rosenbaum & w, Miss Watson, Montreal
Stockton
- J \u25a0 NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
TV T <-< nr tcr. O*kii"d J A Wells, Los Ang .
C P Brown, Seattle F Powell. Los Ang
C Covert. JUercud G A Morris, Georgia
P C Kenerd. Stockton J N Bennett, Napa
W Martin, Stockton P Kevill. Needles
M Fenton. Vallejo N Buxton, S Cruz
M B Neely, Omaha W M Fountain & w
M Freling, Kan City Edwards. Neb
H Spark. USA Mrs Schmidt, Seattle
R S Tilson, Indiana E E Squires w &dau,
E A Clark. Colorado I Portland
II N Holland, Cal | F J Edwards, Oakland
£ HOTEL AREIVALS.
Estate of Peter Dean (by Robert A., Charles
D. and Benjamin S. Dean, executors) to John
Gugg, lot on SE line of Porter avenue, 100 SW
of Worden. SW 25. SE 79:6H. NE 25:5?4. NW
5>l:7*i. lot 2, block 22. West End Map 2; $40).
Friedrich Buchhorn to Minna Vielbaum, lot
14.- block 43. Sunnyside; $10.
Curtis Hillyer to Paul Bancroft, lots 2, 22,
23, 33 and 30. block 10. lota 14 and 21, block 28,
lots 1 and 2. block 37, lot 31, block 45, sarn^:
also lot on E line of Arlington avenue, 150 Jf
of Holloway. E 112:6 by N 73, lots 13 to 11,
block 26, Lakeview; $1.
William H. Chapman (as trustee under
1S96 D. 443) to Kate T. Norton (single) (grantee
William H. Norton) property In 1S96 D. 443.
made August 30, liMJl, by William H. Norton,
bein? all property in San Francisco, Alameda
and Santa Clara counties; also all personal
property; $10.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to Edward \u25a0
B. Hall, lot In Laurel Hill Cemetery; JDS. \u25a0 j
Builders' Contracts.
Morris Siminoft (owner), with R. P. Hurlbuf '
(contractor), architect Newton J. Tharp— Ex- k
cavation brick, concrete and carpenter work,
plastering, tinning, electric wiring and electric
bells for a 3-story and basement frame build
ing on the NW corner of Page and Broderlck
Btrsets. W 23 by N 100, Western Addition. 321;
total. SU.00O. . ' \u25a0
George Breck (owner), to A. C. Scule (con
tractor), architect M. G. Bugbee— All work ex
cept palntinjr. concrete, excavation, shades and
gas fixtures for a 2-story flat building and cot
tage on the NE corner of Carl and Cole streets.
E 104 by N S7:8; total. »748O. •
B'nal B p rith Hall Association (owners).- with,
M. F. . Gale (contractor), architect Willlai*
Curlett— Shoring up and ur.derplnninff of easter
ly wall of a 4-story frame building at 121 Eddy
street: total. $2385.
Herbert E. Law (owner), with Stetser Terra
Cotta and Pottery Works (contractors), archi
tect F. H. Meyer— Terra cotta ornaments for
an 8-story office bulldlnff on the S corner of
Mission and Montgomery streets south. SE 160,
SW 35:8. 'NW 80, SW 11:2. NW 80. NE 106:10;
total. $23,500.
Same owner w^h Western Expanded Metal
and Fireprooflns Company (contractors), archi
tect same— Fireproofing for same on same;
total. $29,905.
Frank J. Steeie to John Hemphill, lot en Sfci
line of Hunt street, 221 NE of Third, K2 £7
by SE 53; $10.
Bertha A Behlow (widow) to Behlow Estate
Company (a corporation), lot on W corner of
Howard and Second streets. NW 29:3 by SW
SO; also lot on E corner of Second and xitimu
Etreets. SE 47 by NE 75; also lot on SE line
of Mission street. 3C9:4', 3 SW of Fourth, SW
34:4'/i by HE 16 J; $10.
Frances. Rosa and Joseph Livingston and
Fanny Herxheimer (by attorney) to Lehrke
Estate Company (a corporation), lot on E line
of Indiana street, 1C0 S of Marlpoea, E 100 N
43, W 93, SW 46; $10.
Giuseppe Taranto to Maria L. Taranto. lot
on E line of Bennington street, SO S of Ellert
S 25 by E 100, lot 5, block 10, Fair"* Subdivi
sion Holly Park Tract; gift.
Frederick A. Eskllson to Marie Eskilson. lot
on S line of Randall street, 134:3 E of Palmer.
E 25 by S 125, lots 3 and 5, block 19, Fairmount
Tract; $10. .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Gustave J.
and EmiJie M. McGregor, lot on N line of
Eighteenth street, liO W of Noe, W 23 by N
100; *10.
Adelina Lombardl (wife of P.) to PaclHco
Lombardi, lot on N line cf Thirtieth street, loo
E of Dolores, E 25 by N 114; also property out
of county; gift.
Catherine E. Hickey to Regina M. H. and
Patrice J. H. Hickey. rerecord 1D02 D. 63. lot
on S line of California street, at NW corner
of B and W, lot 232, E 27:6 by 91:3 (S line of
California street, 137:6 E of Battery, E 27:8
by S 91 :S)-; JU.
John F. and Johanna Fugazl to Carolina and
Caesar Siml, intersection of E line of Scotland
street and SW line of Montgomery avenue, 'S
34:S'4. E 45:6U. NW 71:l*i; $10.
Daisibel E. Wilson (by W. A. Sprague, at
torney) to E. Avery McC^thy. lot on W lin-»
of Codnian place, 117:S si of Washington street.
S 20 by W b0; $10.
Rabcrt A. and J. Edith Lewin to Catherine
Truman, lot on W line cf Leavenworth street,
143 N of Jackson. N 21:6 by W 60; $1.
Estate Eleanor M. Carlisle (by John W. Root
and Vincent P. Versalovich, executors) to
Petsr Flach. lot on E line of Bevlsadero street,
27:6 N of Pine, N 27:6 by E 1U0:- $42W>.
' Charles and Jessie Patton to David Emerson,
lot on S line of Waller street, 110 E of Shraiier,
E 25 by S 123; $10.
Isaac Solomon to Lena Gallick. lot on W
line of Stevenson street. 109 S of Twentieth,
S 22. "YV 72:6, Is' 20. W 2:6, >T 2. E 75; *10.
William R. and JIae S. Morton to Squire V.
Moo.iey, lot on NE corner of Broadway and
Pierce streets. E 62:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Julius and Margaret Weber to Louise C.
Snow, lot on S line of Broadway, 206:3 \V
of WeTce, P 137:6 by E 28; $10.
Elizabeth J. and Benjamin F. "Woodall and
Mary E. and George S. Macklnnon to Henry
and Martin Rathjen, lot on W line of Fill
more street, 43 S of Lombard, S 43 by "W 93;
?10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BAKER CITY, Or., Oct. 18.— The North
west Railroad was sold in this city this
afternoon by Wallace McCamant, master
in chancery of the United States Circuit
Court for the District of Oregon., upon an
order of the court directing that the prop
erty and franchises be sold to satisfy the
claims and judgments against the com
pany. The sum paid was 135,000. The
Northwest Railroad was projected some
years ago. It starts from Huntlngton.
where it connects with the Oregon Short
Line, and follows along the Snake River
on the Oregon side to the Seven I>evils
country and from there it has been sur
veyed through to Lewiston, Idaho. There
was only one bid, that of Louis Rosenz
welg of Erie, Pa. Rosenzweig acted for
Charles M. Reed, who is a larg-e creditor
of the Northwest Railroad Company.
Master in Chancery in OTegon Dis
poses of a Recently Con
structed Line.
NORTHWEST KAILBOAD
SOLD TO A CREDITOR
Los Ang R 5s. 117 117^ Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.. 10^4 — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113%113}i
Do gntd 5s.. 101 103 (1910) 114ft —
L A & P 5s.. — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 (1905), Ser A. 107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 12SV4 (1305),' Ser B.108 —
Do 1 c m 53.121% — (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal es.ll'ttimt (1912) 119% —
Do 5s 121 1 /4122 S P of Cal 1st
»Nor Pa« C 6s. 101^ — c gntd 5S....111 113
Do 5s — 108 S P Br Cal 6s.l33% —
Nor Cal R 5s.Hl — S V Water 6s.lll%112
Oak Gas 5s. ..-.111% — Do 4s 103% —
Oak Trans 6s.. 122 125^ Do 4s 2d m.102%103%
Do 1st c 5a.. — 11214 Stkn Gas 6s... 101 —
Oak Wat g Ss.lOatf — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 77%jPort Costa 63 65
Marin County.^ — ' Spring Valley. 88V4 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3V4 3% Sacramento .. — —
Mutual — 5»,i S F G & E.... 44% 45
Oakland 50 52 San Francisco. 4Y* —
Pac Gas Imp.. 41&4 43 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — '
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — SO |L P & A... ...138 150
California 406 410 tier Ex (lfq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l0S% — S F National. .130 —
First Natlonl..310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S95 — Sav & Loan... — 90
Humboldt .... — — Security Sav.. 275 —
Mutual Sav... 60 — Union Trust.. 1700 —
San Fran oisco. 525 —
\u25a0 STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 31 —
Market 90 90^4
POWDER.
Giant — 75141 Vigorit • * <%
SUGAR.
Hana — 6',4'Kilauea 11 12
Hawaiian — 50 I Makaweli 2S?.J 29
Honokaa 10% 11 lOnomea 24 24'/£
Hutchinson ...16 — iPaauhau 10% —
MISCELLANEOUS §TOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .141 142 Oceanic S Co.. 43 46
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 98 Pac Aux F A. 2& —
Cal Wine Asn. 89% — Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer ExchngcllO — • Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 77 25
50 Contra Costa Water 77 37%
30 Hana Plantation Co 4 87%
50 Hutchinson S P Company 15 50
10 Makaweli 29 00
50 Makaweli "~(s 90). 29 00' '
45 Market-street Hallway 90 25
$3000 Oceanic S S Company 104 00
35 Pacific Coast Borax 165 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Company 44 87>,4
165 S F Gas & Electric Company 45 00
$3000 Spring Valley 6s 11150
$1000 United States 4s, coupon 112 00
Street—
100 Angrlo-Californian Bank 78 03
1000 Makaweli 29 75
$6000 Market-street R R con 5s 121 75
$6000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2 California Wine Association 90 00
25 California Wine Association S3 50
10 Contra Costa Water (b 10) 77 50
10 Contra Costa Water 77 37V
• 100 Equitable Gas 3 37%
5 Honokaa S Company 10 62Vi
2.V Hutchinson S P Company 15 75
200 Hutchinson S P Company 16 00
50 Makaweli 29 03
113 Market-street Railway 90 25
$3000 Market-street Railway 1st con 5s... 121 75
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 103 75
10 Onomea Sugar Company (b 3) 24 50
100 Onomea Sugar Company .., 24 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Company (8 90). 4a 00
85 S F Ga3 & Electric Company 45 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Company (* SO). 41 87%
$3000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 25
Street—
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 117 50
CO Pacific Ga3 Imp 41 75
200 Pacific Gas Imp 42 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
2Q0O Lion (s 60) 07
2W0 Lion 07
20<) Monarch of Arizona 21
1000 Monarch of Arizona (b 60) 23
1000 Oil City Petroleum 25
/IS Peerless (b 90) 5 37%
18 Peerless 5 12%
3060 Reed Crude 40
10O Reed Crude 39
15 San Joaquin Oil & Dpv 8 00
• Afternoon Session.
Board—
1 Hanford 106 00
900 Junction 19
900 Lion 07
25 Lion OS
S00 Monarch of Arlzon* ' 21
700 Monarch of Arliona 23
1200 Reed Crude 4C
S00 Reed Crude 38
1C0 Sovereign 27
Street—
50 Kern '. 5 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
E00 Best & Belcher 17 300 Mexican -19
20Q Best &' Belcher If 200 Ophlr H
100 Challenge 17 1C00 Sierra Nevada. 13
100 Can Cal & Va..l 80 200 Union Con 17
4C0 Hale & Norcra. 17 S50 Yellow Jacket. 16
100 Hale & Norcrs. IS
... Afternoon Session.
300 Caledonia 33 E00 Overman 04
400 Chollar 0? 200 Potosi ...08
600 Crown Point... Oft 2C0 Savage ]->
• 2C0 Ophir 87 3C0 Union Con js
Following wen? the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:-
Morning: Session.
200 Best & Belcher 17| 700 Ophlr 87
400 Gould & Curry. 041 300 Scorpion 0'
C00 Mexican 19 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
2C0 Ophir Si 400 Sierra Nevada. «
300 Ophir S«
Afternoon Session;
SCO Bullion ..... — Oil 10O Mexican is
2C0Chollar 07 200 Ophir $5
SCO Chollar OS! 300 Ophlr gg
100 Con Cal & V.I 82 w. j 600 Opnlr '%«
300 Gould & Curry. 0t| 300 Union Con ib
SCO Mexican 20^
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
FRIDAY. Oct. 187-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I " Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 02 03
Alta ....' 02 C3 Kentuck —.02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 10 11 1 Mexican is 19
Best & Belcher 16 17! Occidental 04 03
million 01 f.2 Ophlr S2 83
CaR'ilonla 33 35 Overman 03 04
Challenge Con.. 17 19 Potost 07 08
Cbollar 07 0d Savage ...,11 12
Confidence 72 74 Scorpion A 01
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 SO Beg lielcher.... 0?V C3
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 16 17
Con New York. PI, — Silver Hill 30 32
Crown Point... 06 07 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con.... 11 — Standard 3 SO 4 10
Exchequer ..... — 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 03 04 Union Con 16 17
Hale & Norcr3. 15 17 Utah 03 05
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 13 17
Owen Bly, the section boss in charge of
the work, was placed- under arrest. He
was later taken to the Harlem Police
Court and remanded to the Coroner's of
fice, where Coroner Zucca paroled him un
til to-morrow.
When the rescuing party began to re
move the rock they found the mangled
bodies of O*Hara, Kelleher and Coronski.
The bodies of Madden and Danife were
burled under masses of rock which had to
be shattered by blasts before they could
be removed. No more bodies were found
and it is now believed no more lives were
lost.
Domenico de Petro, taken to the hospi
tal with scalp wounds and broken leg 1 .
Italian laborer, name unknown. Injured
about the left foot.
The section of the tunnel where the
cave-in occurred is 105 feet below the sur
face. A shaft leads to the tunnel, and
from the shaft headings extend north and
south, each being about 700 feet long. The
accident occurred in the south heading of
the tunnel, about 640 feet from the shaft.
A gang of twenty rock drillers was work
ing in the extreme south end of the head
ing, and about fifty feet from the end a
gang made up of twenty muckers and a
foreman was removing the debris pro
duced by the blasting.
Without warning a mass of rock sixty
three feet long, eleven feet wide and ten
feet high and weighing about 150 tons, fell
with a tremendous crash directly where
the muckers were working, almost clos
ing the tunnel and creating a panic among
the two or three hundred men at work in
othsr sections. Great clouds of dust filled
the whole excavation.
At first it was supposed that at least a
dozen men had been buried under the de
bris. Word of the accident had been
quickly spread and soon an anxious crowd
gathered around the shaft, scores of men
and women crying and wringing their
hands, while the rescuers worked with
tremendous energy to reach the entombed
workmen. j .
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Five men were
killed and two injured to-day when an
enormous mass of rock caved from the
side and roof of the Rapid Transit tunnel,
in course of construction on Broadway
about the line of 164th street The dead:
PETER O'HARA.
TIMOTHY KELLEHER.
JOHN GORONSKI. -
PATRICK MADDEN, foreman of tho
muckers.
L.UIGI DANIFE.
The injured:
Section of Railway Tunnel
Caves In, Burying a
Gang of Men.
Five Laborers Instantly
Killed and Several
Injured.
TONS OF ROCK
CRUSH WORKMEN
THE SAE FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1901.
11
MOVEY TO LOAN Continued.
yJCSC.COO— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
eagc*s. city or town properties, undivided in-
terests in real e.--tate, legacies, etc., also Srst-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. S97
Tarrolt buildup.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrst,
eccocd and third mortgages, estates in pro-
l-ate. interest in estates-, legacies, undivided
lr.vercftF, securities, manufacturing .and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
Irt fleer. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 003 Examiner building—
iS.COO.GCrt at 6^. or less in large sums; loans
en second mori?a?cs, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is ir.ortRapc-d and you need more money
tee HKKMAX MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN
Acianis buildins. 205 Kearny st.. room 314. '
X:ELIAJ>LE corporation, •nstablished 1SC5 proper
riac- to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest'
y Grant ave., near Market st.; tel. Black 547l]
HIGHLY respectable private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Ualdwln Jewelry Store S46 Market
_ Ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave, near
Geary et.; phone Red 1003. ««»
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and en fur-
r.:ture or pianos without removal; any amount-
lowest rates. Seeker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.'
CASK leaned to salaried people en note with-
cut tadoner or on mortgages at € r .er cent per
k fcnnum. MORRELL, C09 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc by private
fi 3 ? 1 "*™" 0 remo Y, aI : no commission; confiden-
tlal. Koom 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Et.. room C8.
LOANS ca pianos, furniture without removal
libraries, poods in warehouse, etc. • any amt ;
lowest rates; priv. Qrmsby. 26 Montg..office 7.
OX SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
HONEY leaned salaried people without secur-
tty. Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
S% on furniture and pianos: J15 up: no retscval;
r.o commission; private. Room SI. 6 EdJy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
cciiinrlg. ; confidential. V.'hitehead. 1706 Market.
OX furniture pianos; lowest rale; no removal;
stric-.iy private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
CXE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
C1000; any security. 202 Montgomery St., r. L
IF you war.t a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. Kl'DELL. 212 Sansome St.
THE TOL'SLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts, "il Parrott building.
LOAXS morty on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
SIUSICJLL INSTRUMENT"!^
EVEItTOODT is invited to call and IisteiT~to
The wunderful Simplex mano players as ex-
hibited in oar warerooms every day. They are
ike best and cheapest of all piano players and
the eldest to manipulate. THE ZENO
r;.!AUVAI.S 1IUSIC CO.. 7t9 Market St.. Pa-
cific Coast agents.
V'E are the only house carrying the cele-
brated Decker & Con and Baumeister pianos.
Our }iri'jcs are always low ar.d our terms sat-
isfactory. THE ZEXO MAUVA1S M.US1C
CO.. 7t3 Market Et.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both rew and second hard, is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. Xew pianos
told upon easy payments cf $6 per month'
*orr.e good pianos for ?3. J4 and $5 tier month
FHERMAX, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.
Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS-
Uecor.d-hand uprig-ht pianos from S"3 up.
Second-hand square pianos frora SCO up.
Secor.d-l.and organs from $25 up; new tip-
jight pianos fr£:n J173 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ
& SOX, 16 to *\u25a0) OTarrell. Chickering. Ma-
son and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
v.ithin 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOKLER & CHASE, 30
OTarrell St.; established 1850.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
pain list. $50 up; Steinway, J1S5 up; Fischer.
Sl?0: Chickering. $165; 20 others: rents $2 up;
STrept inducements to agents. 217 Geary Bt.
A SHALL Weber upright, ?125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
c£k case; Hardman square, J45; organs, $2i
tp. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth Et.. IVERS
& POND iLZii X. B. CAMERON. Agents. ""
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
rtrike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market Et.
PIANOS — The most modern and up-to-date;
Pteck. Everett. Ccnover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market st.,
F. F. : (Branch Store. SGI Broadway, Oakland).
PIANO, upright, nearly new, for sale cheap.
140 Minna et.
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. 595 Ellis Et.
PIANO free: party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. 26. 217 Geary.
CARLOAD J4°0 pianos sacrificed for J250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN, 2CS Post Et.
A PIANO, piarola and music on sale; cost ?3jO;
now S3S3; party going away. 217 Geary st.
5— »— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, pearly new, tSS. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, iithers. eld and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOKMER. Byror. Maury. Lester Hamilton,
Spielir.ann pianos. 3CS Post St.
JC.'O PIANO, nearly new, for 1225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMJLTON. S Flood bids.
GOOD second -hand tinright icr sale cheap.
SCHM1TZ. 16 McAHigter gt.
LEFT on sale — Antisell large upright, $126;
EtdBvay, HC5. 217 Geary et., room 36.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
rr.ake; a fi<u?rit»ce. Hornung's. 215 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, S3 per
me. proTT-CfRTAZ Piano Co.. EGO Hayee.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
THREE fine offices, suitable fcr doctor, dentist.
hairdr*>5!=er. etc. 10'yi Sixth Bt.
TO let— Store and stable at 1026 Oak st. F. D.
EVELETH.
SPACE ix2C>. suitable for cigar store or barber
shop. Apply S:3 Howard St., near Sixth.
C2? PACIFIC and S04 Sansome St., 2 handsome
Ftores, cheap.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. j n pood order; all
p'.zes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
HT^E^O^IE^O^LLf.'^i^tinT^lmist 515
Taylor Et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PAlMliliS AM* UliCOHATOKS.
J. C. ROMAIXE, €40 G. G. ave.: phoniTpoiiriiiiT
best quality work; lowest prices, get figures.
PKRSO.NALS.
UCDIAN. baskets, Indian relics curios and an-
tiques bousnt. * KAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et., largest curio store in America; visitor.*
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der $15; with these suits we make an extra
r>air pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallment? tl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket «>t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
is i0 per bottl*. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 724 Valencia St., S. V. ; tel. Church 1571.
MAX and wife, experienced nurees, want en-
Fapemtnts. city or country: epileptics 1 a 1 epe-
natty; references furnished. MERIAMJ 229
'j'niin n Gate ave.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third et., near Market; 700 rooms;
Be to J169 per night; Jl 00 to J8 per week;
;<re< •bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SVHY Gueaa? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Xov. patterns
fcM Tbe Designer now ready. J. VV. EVANS,
Doaaaic office, J021 Market St., near Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or ecar with electricity by
15IK3 GJiUIiER. the cosmetic artist. SSS8
Eighteenth st., corner Guerrero.
BtfPEfiFbOOUH hair, moles, etc.. removed
irte for one week by electric needle. DR.
__LULA BUOOKS. MlcElon and Sixteenth sts.
W'-CABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective busines?. Emma Spreckel*
rooms 323-224, B. F.; tel. South SSI.
AT cash prices: ladies' "yor-made suits, coats.
I a;,k waists, trimmed 1)u:h. skirt*, etc.: weekly
A Jjo-mentg. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth et.
WHITE enamel iron beds, tingle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
*-U-. U10-1C12 Stockton St.. near Broadway. |
A S££ vi T tF S K n Beauty Cream - Secret of
etratlon* r^i th: ., 6Oc ' Postpaid; free demon-
gtratlon. come and see ub. Bon-Ton. 824 Post.
H £* R^essing. 25c ; shampooing, 50c; switches.
LEDPRPP iV» o! r , dyeins a specialty. G.
LfcUbRER. 123 Stockton st.
P ?eart- T f de *f ctlv e w °rk; reasonable rates; 10
Sears experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna St.
]^%?1^cBl* prlces for old Beal -
MASSAGE, hydro-electro therapeutics or hyp-
nctism exchanged fcr vocal lessons. 990, Call.
A ~ If >,° ur hair is falling or you are bald, call on
m-.G.S.Moore. 232 O'Farrell; send for circular.
LA O 9, E curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
Lsi. Mission street; phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will dp it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
ECO MEN wanted to order suits for U per week.
NEDHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, ?7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
yer gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hairif nd moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia st.. bet. 18th & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tho best
corn cure; 20c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
PLAXIXG AND TL'RXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. : Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont et.
PHYSICIANS AX.D SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXXELL- Office and residence,
1021% Market-st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all, diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Good property for saloon from $7000
to gSOOO; corner preferred. Box 1105, Call.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALS.
FLATS or a dwelling jvanted to purchase in
the Western Addition, not far out, or in the
Mission, between Dolores and Shotwell, Rid-
ley and Twenty-second sts.; only a property
that is in good condition and modern will
be considered, and that can be rented easily,
as the purchase is for the income. W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st.
LOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
if they are cheap for immediate buyers. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st.
WANTED— To purchase a piece of property,
improved or unimproved, on Valencia, Mls-
Eion or Howard. W. J. GUNN, 530 California.
f 50. 000 TO invest in income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO..
702 Market st.
NEW modern 7-room house on Nineteenth ave.
boulevard; % block south of G. G. Park. $3500;
take Cliff House cars. R. H. WALKER. 144
Eureka St., builder.
$4500— A LOVELY chance for a home and busi-
ness; lot CoxlfiO; building 2 stories, 25x70; sa-
loon and barber shop; all fixtures go; 6 living-
rooms. DECK & CO.. 927 Market St.. r. 20S.
$3000— NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; laun-
dry tubs: 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m., 462 Douglass St., near 21st.
FOR sale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and- yard: half cash. S022 Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero,
for sale: 300 acres, mostly redwood and tan
oak; 1000 fruit trees in full bearing, prin-
cipally late apples; no frost; can raise pota-
toes all the year round; lovely view; owner
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J.
EVANS. Pescadero, San Mateo County.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. »li0 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
CotatI, Sonoma, Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
10- ACRE bearing orchard and poultry ranch;
mile from Hay wards; with new, modern 5-
room house, barns, stock and farming im-
plements. Box 1231. Call office.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 7C2 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. S. F.. office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. PetalBnxa. Cal.
SAX RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
SAN RAFAEL— To let. lease or for sale, fur-
nished or unfurnished, 10-room house, large
lot: sunny corner: near depot. R. J. TRUM-
BULL. 41» Sansome st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by f oreclosure ; }k cash. Bank ot Ala.
ALA3IEDA FL'RXISHED HOUSES.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, comfortably furnished;
centrally located; rent- $20. Apply to T. F.
BAIRD. 1303 Park St.. Alameda.
FRDITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FUllTVALB Ft'RXISHEn HOUSES.
ON Fruitvale ave., bet. Hopkins st. and Chi-
cago ave., furnished house of six rooms and
bath; large yard, with fruit, shrubs and flow-
ers. App!y on premises. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$2500— BANK SALE— *25OoT " ~
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy.'nearly new modern colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc.. with folding doors and sanitary plumb-
Ing; lot 20x100 feet, above the street grade,
with nice open lawn and stone walks and all
street improvements; Insured for $2000 and
all in fine condition; electric cars in front and
-only a few blocks from Adeline-st. station;
location very desirable; handy, to schools and
churches; liberal discount for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$800 — PLAIN but cozy cottage of five rooms tn
good condition; sunny side; close to San Pablo
ave. electric cars; street work all done; in-
sured for $800; policy paid for three years in
advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $8 to
S10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
GEO. W\ AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A CHANCE for big profit— Wanted, 5 or more
persons to invest $1500 cash in the purchase
of a beautiful tract of Oakland acreage prop-
erty; excellently located fur subdividing into
lots; must be secured immediately; principal*
only. Address H., box 2343. Call. Oakland.
HOt.'SES of every description and price for
gale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
111S Broadway; telephone Main 10. \u25a0
OAKXANO FUIIMTLUE jgOJR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 3031— 3 Bunny rooms furnished
for light housekeeping; no children.
EDDY, 229—2 connecting sunny bacl* basement
rooms: cozy and comfortable; $8.
KIFTII. 333 — Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— 3 sunny unfurnished
roomg : bath; laundry; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 403— Front alcove, with
privileges of kitchen.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847— Desirable furnished
suite. housekeeping ; referpnees required. \u25a0 -
GOUGH, 115 — Sunny modern parlors; gas range;
phone, gas, bath; complete housekps; $15 50.
GOUGH. 437— Light furnished rooms, s^nny;
gaf, batli. f-ingle <<r suites: light housekeeping.
HOWATID. 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting compl»taly
furnished rooms; running water; $10; others.
MAUTHA place, 3, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— Furnished housekeeping ' room to- let
cheap.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING-— Con.
McALUSTER, 907-3 nicely furnished bay-win-
dow rooms; bath; gas; $20; German family.
OAK!, 119 — Sunny room furnished for housekeep-
ing; suitable for one or two; ?7.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large Bunny
front and back parlors; gas stove; housekpg.
PINE, 2812 — 2 sunny furnished rooms; use of
kitchen, bath and laundry; cheap.
POLK. 1002—3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TWO large sunny rooms, newly furnished, new
, piano, mantels, grates, bay window, .phone
and bath; $20 month; light housekeeping or
as desired. 3439 Nineteenth st, cor. San Car-
los ave., near Valencia st.
VAN NESS ave., S07 — Handsomely furnished
sunny parlors with housekeeping privileges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore."
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;'
grill atached; country visitors find no place
like the Arsyle; take McAllister-st cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; teL 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHANGED hands, 309 Sutter at.— Rooms, light
housekeeping, also single rooms, tl 50 wk. up.
CLAUGHTON, THE, 1111 Sutter St.—
Bright, clean rooms for quiet gentlemen, $1 75
per week; handsome front suite, moderate.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof;
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
suites with bath: bath? free; first-class.
$1 10 A WEEK — Large sunny furnished room;
running water; bath; private. 834 Folsom st.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. S20 Folsom
ct., near Fourth.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
TOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Markct-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD, 1063, "The Harvey"— Single and
double rooms; electric lights, etc.; $1 50 up.
JESSIE, 47S, near Sixth— Large sunny front
room: parlor floor.
JONES, 923— Elegant 6unny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms,
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished;' 1 or 2 persons; gas and grate; $S.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MISSION, 925%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window front room; grate, gas, etc.; quiet.
NATOMA, 622—2 furnished rooms in private
family.
NICELY furnished room with private bath
attached; rent t"25. Apply 922 Ellis st.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PIERCE, 339, bet. Page and Oak— Large fur-
nished sunny front alcove room; gas, running
water, mantel, grate; near Golden Gate Park;
best streetcar service.
RAUSCH. 19, near Howard— $10 a month, four
sunny rooms, unfurnished.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week-, $2 to
tS; month, $8 to J20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with J— * and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1461— Sunny unfurnished upper
floor of 2 rooms in house with private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 106— Nice rooms; $1 50 up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . \
ROOMS AND BOARD. ~
\u25a0~— ~~ «
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St., near Leavenworth.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness av«.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 618— Nice sunny large
room, with board; reasonable.
WANTED— A few flrst-clas3 boarders; refer-
ences given and required. Box 12C9, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; Eingle rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. €05 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
ROO3IS WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes sunny unfur-
nished alcove room in a respectable family;
rent not to exceed $4 per mo. Box 1102. Call!
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping-
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Bos
652. Call. -^
™ ___RU p TURE SANITARIUM. ~~~
HUNTER'S RUPTURE~SANITARIUM, 1200
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
ae good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~ ~~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Calf
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per yea r.'
T^PEWKITERS AND SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARG^nT^N~TYP^"riTEr's^A\^
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.-Expert
typewriter .lootors: estimate frpp. 209 Sansome.
SEW1 XG M A CK[I JfE S AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and reDairlng~guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1S15 Mlsslonf nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
palrlng; loweat ratea. Tel. Black 1124, 20a 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-^The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
__ST^R^E^DJIVARL2HOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Mo^inTco~
office Poet and Powell sis.; tel. Main i £.713.
GO i L '? E » NT S tT Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZBHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Bt.; phone Jackson 281.
tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut rates.
lllVlDtiM) .NOTICES. ~~~
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No7~96~Owelve
and one half cents per share) of the Ilutchln-
son Sugar Plantation Co., will be payable it
the office of the company, 327 Market st.. on
foal,*" 0 , 1 " M °£ da^' Octohcr !»• 1S01. Transfer
books close Monday. October U, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Fr'etUon^rc^y. 40 ' and Annie
cJSSK^&SSk*!; Bakcrsfleld - and wy
Harrluon M. r^rker, 24, New York City and
Edith Btubbs, {j, city. 3l
Robert B. Walpole. 34, Point Bonita, and Ina
M. Chapin. 23, 204 Missouri street.
Arthur Bryd-es-Sayers. 43. Hradford Island,
and A ice L. Townley. «. 712 Van Ness ave.
Charles G. White. SO, 1322 Eddy street, and
Ida K. Schumacher, 22, 1335 pierce street
John .T. Barrett, 30,; city, and Annie J
HnyeB, 21, pity.
Gustav Le\y, 32. Stockton, and Bells Brand-
ensffm. 24, citr.
Vincent S. Walsh, 29, 1G31 ElliH street, ani
Metta B. Gallahorn, 20. 161 Chattanooga street.
Cnrlo Ferrario. ?2. Livermore, and Rosa Gar-
dcll.i, 10, Livermore.' \:-\.
Sfianahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NCAnELUS 2S£5056
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriaKe and death notices sent by
mail \u25a0will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices . and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEVY— In Alameda, October 17, 1901, to the
wife of Jesse M. Levy, a son. \u25a0-..-.\u25a0
MULL— In this city, October 16, 1301, to the
wife of William P. Mull, a son.
SCHAEFER— On San Bruno road, October 15.
1901. to the wife of William Schaefer. a
daughter. . -
MARBIED. r
POCKWITZ— POHEIM— In this city, October
16, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Leo L.
Pockwitz and Katherine H. Poheim.
SCHLICHTINO— MOLLER— In this city, Oc-
tober 12, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Hermann Schllchting and . Marie Moller.
TAMKE— HARTMANN— In this city, October
16, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. "Dan-
iel Tamke and Marie Hartmann. j
DIED.
Arata, John llallquist, Mary
Barron, Bezy C. Howard, George
Barry, Charles Iffert, v Leonard
Callahan, Catherine Llano, Concepcion del
Chateau, Charles A. McCarthy, James
Davidson, Edward McGovern, Joseph E.
Dunne, Joseph Millmeister, Christina
Fella, Charles ! Ryan, James
Fitzgerald, Lizzie Schlueter, Carl C. T.
Fogbrty, Bessie Tannian. Michael T.
Fooley, Mary Tillson, Anson T.
Gauch, Wilnelmlna Vizcanlo. Alicia
ARATA— In this city, October 17, 1901, John,
dearly beloved son of Angelo and Giovanna
Arata, and brother of Steven, Nicholas, Da-
vid, L.ouis and Louisa Arata and Mrs. Rosle
Cordano and the late Faul Arata, a native of
New York, aged 31 years 8 months and 17
days.
(C7*Friends and acq.uainta.nce3 are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente, Marini &. Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARRON— In this city, October 16, 1901, Bezy
C. Barron, beloved wife of the late William
Barron, and mother of Caroline M. and Nan-
Da W. Barron. a nattve of Darien, Ireland.
C5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1510 Jones street, thence to Old St.
Mary's Church, corner Dupont and California
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
said for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
BARRY— In this city, October 18, 1901, Charles
Barry, beloved huaband of' Johana Sophie
Catherlna Barry, a native of Gottenburg,
Sweden, aged 60 years 10 months and 16 days.
ETFriencU and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlorf
of Charles J. B. Metzler. - 636 Washington
street, under the auspices of Golden City
Lodge No. 63, K. of P., thence to Third and
Townsend streets, by 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CALLAHAN— In this city, October 17, 1901,
Catherine Callahan, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 55 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of G. Iaccheri, 629 Broadway. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHATEAU— In this city, October 16, 1901,
Charles Aupust, dearly beloved husband of
Adolphlne Chateau, and father of Mrs. A.
Selller. a native of Sellruyere, Department
Ducher, France, aged 65 years 3 months and
21 days.
ETl'Viends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & ,Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I, O.
O. F. Cemetery.
DAVIDSON— In this city, October 18, 1901, Ed-
ward Davidson, beloved husband of Kate
Davidson, and father of Milton, Kmil, Lottie
and Adell Davidson, a native of Posen, Ger-
many. (Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
(C?Funeral from tht parlors of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co., 318 Mason street, thence
to Salem Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train to-
morrow (Sunday). Please omit flowers.
DUNNE— In this city, October 17, 1901, Joseph,
dearly beloved son cf the late - Joseph and
Jane Dunne, and brother of William, George
and Henry Dunne and Mrs. William R. John-
son, a native of New Orleans, aged 48 years.
C^lttmains at the funeral parlors of James
McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
FELLA— In Oakland, October 17, 1901. Charles
Fella, beloved son of Catherine Fella, and
brother of Magdalena, Lizzie and Mary
Fella, a native of Oakland, aged 10 years and
S months.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mother's
residence, 6C0 Madison street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FITZGERALD— In this city, . October 18, 1301,
Lizzie, dearly beloved daughter of Lawrence
and Mary FritzKerald, and sister of Mary,
Lawrence and John FltzKerald, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 months and 6 days.
FOGARTY— la thts-city, October IS, 1901, Bes-
sie Fosrarty, dearly beloved and only child
\>t John J. and Susie A. Fograrty, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 9 months and 3
days.
E7'Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the resilience
of her parents. K37 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh. \u25a0 Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FOOLEY— In the City and County Hospital.
October 18, 1SC1, Mary Fooley, a native of
Ireland, aged 3S years.
GAUCH— In this city, October 17. 1901, Wil-
helmina, beloved wife of the late John E.
Gauch, and ' mother of Louise Gauch and
Mrs. M. C. Siesbuttle, a native of Germany,
aged E9 years 8 months and 17 days. (Provi-
dence. R. I., papers please copy.)
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 238 Duncan street. Interment- Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, , by electric funeral car.
HALLQUIST— In this city. October IS. 1901.
Mary, beloved wife of Emil G. Hallqulst,
mother of Roy, Edward and Marvin Ernest
Hallqulst, and daughter of John Bannon, _a
native of Ireland, aged 35 years 10 months
and 23 days.
HOWARD— In the City and County Hospital,
October 18. 1S01. George Howard, a native of
\u25a0 England, aged 64 years.
IFFERT— In this city. October 17, 1901, Leon-
ard Iffert, a native of Germany, axed 6S
years.
LLANO— In this city, October 17, 1901, Con-
cepcion del Llano, a native of Mexico, aged
40 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, James, beloved son
of Hannah and the late Michael McCarthy,
father of Maggie, Edward, Alice and Anna
McCarthy, and brother of Michael. Thomas
and Mamie McCarthy, Mrs. E. Armbuster,
Mrs. T. Cary and the late John McCarthy,
a native of New York, aged 35 years 1 month
and 9 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGOVERN— In Oakland. October 16, 1901, Jo-
seph Earl, beloved son of James J. and Eliza
McGovern. a native of Canada, aged 16 years
4 months and 17 days.
C7"Frlen<3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from tha residence
of his parents, 1009 Franklin street, ihence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where services will be held, commencing at
2:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
MILLMEISTER— In San Jose. October 17, 1901,
Christina, beloved wife of H. Millmeister.
as-ed £9 years.
(CjrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 12.=; Lenzen avenue. San Jose. • Inter-
ment at Oak Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, October 18, 1901, James.
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
Fan Matea County.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STRB2T.
\u25a0 J. HENDERSON. Manazer.
U NiTED'uNDERTAKERS, g
27 and 29 Fifth Bt. Tel. South 167
FUNERAL DIRECT0E3 AND EMBALMER3.
? !mii'/l'lM 1 iri m Ml'iIll»"iM»^ l0^' >rat0 II<J tPS- "
~" JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., haa opened
new Funeral Parlors at 211 Kddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 67G.
NEW FIRA1 OF UNDERTAKERS.
fctuuil liIcFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' AE&ociation; HI j
McBrearty, with the f.ame company for 16
years; P. I\ Grenn. late with J. C. O'Connot
&, Co.. have opened new I'uneral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Klghth. Telephone South -14.
The Odd t cilows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos nvc, S. F. f 'CnI.
Th» ordinance inhibiting burials 1« 'rt'tn
Francisco after tho first day of Augus* TjOI.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither tloea
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there U 1
nothing less harmful to the living than the '
ashes of their, dead. . ..' '
Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Uoalth the rtwne as ht-retofore
GEOI1CE It. FLETCHER, llanaser.
dearly beloved husband of Mary Ryan, and
father of Robert, James T., Michael, Delia
anl Maria Ryan and Mrs. T. L. Castello of
L03 Anjreles. \u25a0 a native »of County Galway,
Irelajid, aged 63 years.' • \u25a0 \u25a0 '
lO^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 21, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, '32 Mariposa terrace, oft Harrison
; street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at , 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHLUETER— In this city, October 17, 1901.
Carl Christian Theodore, beloved son of Ed-
ward -and the late Mary Schlueter, and
brother of Christine, Minnie, Soshle, Ru-"
dolph, Edward W., Lottie and Robert Schlue-
ter and Mrs. R. L. Va"n der Naillen, a na-
tive of California, aged 33 years and 11
months. . •
ICTKuneral private.
TANNIAN— In this city, October 18, 1901, Mich-
ael Thomas Tannian, . dearly beloved son of
Ann and the late John Tannian, and brother
of Martin, Mamie, Kate end Annie Tannian,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
|E?"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 723 Waller
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner
Fell and Fillmore streets, where services will
be held at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3
Cemetery. . \u25a0
TILLSON— In this city, October 16, 1901, Anson
True, dearly beloved husband of Annie Till-
son, and father of Annie. Elsie and True
Tillson and Mrs. C. E. Hart of New York,
a native of Ausrusta, Me., aged 53 years 5
months and 8 days.
IC?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh streets.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.,
VIZCANIO— In this city.. October 18, 1901,
Alicia, beloved wife of F. M. Vizcanlo, a na-
tive of Mexico, aged 27 years 7 months and
12 days. \u25a0TALENTED SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL WHO WON HONORS IN
THE EAST.
Edward- Davidson of .1441 Buchanan
street ; died . at' the Central Emergency.
Hospital yesterday morning from the ef
fects of Rough on Rats, taken by him on
the preceding day with , suicidal intent.
Mr. Davidson was an Insurance agent and
became despondent on account of business
reverses.' He was a native of Germany,
49 years old and married.
Edward Davidson. "Kills Himself.
. Trusts and combinations do not affect Jesse
Moote Whiskey. \u25a0 Its fame Is established. Its
quality Is the finest and it Is always the best.*
The Election . Commissioners will ; em
ploy 100 clerks from 5 a. m. Tuesday, No
vember 5 . (election | day), . to - 5 a. m.
Wednesday, \u25a0 November 6— twenty-four
continuous hours. Each of such clerks
will be paid $10. TJiey will visit the elec
tion precincts to supervise the work of the
election boards and will be taken from the
eligible list. ' /
Clerks for Election. Day.
The explosion was heard at the Cen
tral police station, which Is a few. blocks
away: < .
Sergeant Donovan and a posse of offi
cers were at once dispatched to the
scene, and after interviewing the propri
etor of the store, came to the conclusion
that the dastardly work had been done
by highbinders. * . _
Some time ago Wong You. claimed that
his safe had been rifled by two polict
men, who were then attached to the
Chinatown squad. After an investigation
the officers were acquitted by the Police
Commissioners, who were satisfied that
they were innocent of the charge.
According to Wong You several high
binders since then have repeatedly
threatened to kill him, but for what rea
son he does not know. At the time of
the explosion he and two of his assist
ants were in the store.
Wong You was knocked down by the
force • of ' the explosion, but quickly \u25a0 re
covering his feet, he procured a revolver
and went in search of the men who were
responsible for the dastardly deed. He
says he knows who the miscreants are,
and to-day he Intends to swear out war
rants for their arrest. . :
'A desperate attempt was made at-mid
night hist night to blow up the merchan
dise store of Wong You, at 1021 Dupont
street. Several enemies of the proprietor
placed a can of powder under the window
on the Baker alley side of the 'store and
then set a fire to a fuse leading to it.. In
an Instant there was a loud explosion,
at least a. half-dozen Chinamen, who
were in the alley, being knocked down by
the concussion. Special Officer George
Downey, who was only a short distance
away, ran to the. scene, but failed to get
a trace of the men who caused the explo
sion.
An examination of the store disclosed
the fact that the explosion had torn a
large hole, sufficient to admit • a man's
body, in the side wall and I partially
wrecked . the interior. Several panes of
glass in a store on the opposite side of
the alley were also broken by. the concus
sion. " . . \u25a0 "S-.V*""* i*
Desperate Highbinders
Resort to Giant
Powder.
BLOW A HOLE
IN THE STORE
% The ; executlyel'cominlttee^of : ' the "John
Lackmann: Republican. Club .met last night
at X the club* s J headquarters ;"• 1206 r ; Market
street, i . C. . B. r Rode j occupied J the ? chair.
Speeches *; were *j made;+ by '•''\u25a0 Congressman
Julius Kahn; . C. , B. , Rode, J. J. : Donahue,
Lackmann' Club Meets.
. ; The ' Bibb-Lorenzo" wine of the \ Non-
I Partisan f. party. \ held I a' | convention | last
; night ' in Lodge f Hall, 1605 Polk street, and
completed; its V' ticket". of indorsements.
About ' fifty j voters : were | present of ;730 : to
whom invitations .'.were \u25a0 sent.. "Baehr: was
indorsed for Auditor, Smith for.Tax Col
lector'and Farnham for. Public'Adminis
trator. . At l that ;\u25a0. point ; several ( delegates
asserted - that the convention \ was Repub
lican, : not r non-partisan;- and" six- of them,
led by Harry McCreevy. , withdrew. \u25a0< Corey
was , indorsed I for " Recorder | and", another
delegate said the convention was certainly
packed' and he 'withdrew.*- S; H.' Brooks
was Indorsed for.: Treasurer, > Franklin K."
Lane : for ,: City » and County \u25a0 Attorney, ; Dr.
Dillonfor Coroner, ' Frank P. "Haynes and
Judge Conlan i for Police \ Judges and • Eg
gers, Stany an and Lynch for , Supervisors?
On i. motion , of ;• Secretary .' Lorenzo the In
dorsement of \u25a0• Loughery i for :; Sheriff ; was
reconsidered; but the . labor, candidate was
again- successful, sreceivingitthe Indorse
ment "over, L Lackmann. Y \u25a0 ; ; . *
Non-Partisan Indorsement's.
McDougall Is Indorsed.
•..The Journeymen Marble :. Cutters and
Finishers adopted •. the following resolu
tions at their last meeting: ';: \u25a0\u25a0•-" \u25a0
-Whereas, The exigencies of politics have con
ferred: a singular and distinguished honor, upon
our, craft I in selecting for the important posi
tion of Treasurer our respected and esteemed
brother, John E. McDougald; and, ' : •
;' .Whereas, Such i selection having been made
at a time of. great industrial strife by the pow
erful Republican party.; indicates -that: a wise
and conservative trades unionist can command
the respect and esteem of all sections ot our
people, and that equity and justice forming the
predominant features . of , his character, are ab
solutely . necessary | to . the proper . discrimination
of the rights of the employer and the employed;
be It" •:•• • \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•:\u25a0 \u25a0••:' i :: : \u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0- M «* -,-- -•- . '\u25a0
• ' Resolved. That " this : association • of Marble
Cutters and Finishers tender Its united support
to. Brother John . E. . McDougald j for. the , office
of City Treasurer, and. we further. commend his
honesty, sterling integrity and patriotism to all
having the welfare. and prosperity, of our city
at' heart, being assured from long years 'of per
sonal contact. that the best interests of our peo
ple Will be conserved, by his election. . .
Whether or not O'Donnell's name will
be placed on the ticket 'will -be decided by
Judge Seawell this morning. '
Dr. C. C. O'Donnelll stands a Very poor
chance of .having his name as an inde
pendent candidate for Mayor placed* on
the ballots to be used at the coming elec
tion if the testimony given by Registrar
Walsh and Deputy Registrar Zemansky
yesterday before Judge Seawell is. aa
strong as It appears. .
The Board of Election Commissioners
refused to place- 0*DonneH's name upon
the; ticket on the ground that he had not
a sufficient number of signatures on his
petition to be placed thereon. O'Donnell
forthwith sued for a writ of mandate,
compelling the board to give his name a
place on the ticket. 1
The reports of the 'clerks in the Regis
trar's office were read in court yesterday
by Zemansky, - and they • showed that
O'Donnell's petition contained the
names of only 1282 electors, instead
of the 1955 names required by
law. The petition consisted of eleven vol
umes, and In each the report showed that,
while the number of names was large
enough, a number of the signers were not
registered and therefore were not qual
ified voters.; While Zemansky was read
ing over, the' petitions he discovered that
since leaving the Registrar's office they
had been tampered with. It was learned
that Dr. O'Donnell had taken the books
from the courtroom • and ". endeavored to
strengthen his case by adding his name
to three of the books in places where he
had failed to do so. •
Dr. (yDonnelFs Fate.
Many of the clerks in the City Hall,
who believe that the law of self preserva
tion should be carefully observed in elec
tion times, have made up a ticket for
themselves. They are advocating Tobin
for Mayor, Lackmann for Sheriff, Mahony.
for County • Clerk . and the Democratic
nominees for Supervisors.
The LJquor Dealers' Association will not
take definite action before October 24. It
is yet an open question whether there will
be any indorsement for Mayor. General
inquiry along the line of wholesalers 'and
retailers establishes the belief that the
contest for indorsement will at once nar
row down to Tobfn and Schmitz. Ten
days ago many of the liquor dealers, if
not really all who are identified with the
protective organizations, were confident
that Schmitz would be indorsed, but
since that time a change of sentiment has
taken place. They concede that Tobin
stock is going up and that they might find
themselves in an awkward position if they
declared against him. Conservative and
far seeing merchants in this line of traf
fic are advising against the indorsement
of any nominee for Mayor.
The Republicans will hold a ratification
meeting at Metropolitan Temple this
evening. All the candidates are expected
to be present. Asa R. Wells, the nominee
for Mayor, will probably speak at some
length in explaining the policy , he will
endeavor to pursue in the event of his
election. , . .
Clerks Make Up Ticket.
Thomas P. Riordan, chairman of . the
late Republican convention, is somewhat
disgusted and demoralized. At one time
he was willing to pay $5C0 out of his own
pocket if Wells. would get off the ticket.
Riordan's disgust is not limited to the
head of the ticket. At last accounts he
was . circulating the cards of P. Boland,
Democratic nominee for Public Admin
istrator. This action Is remarkable, as
John Farnham's nomination by the Re
publicans is generally applauded as one
of the best selections made by the con
vention. Riordan's open- defection adds
to the confusion and distress in the camp.
points secret meetings with no
torious bosses and then requests 1 the
newspaper reporters to make no^mention
of the fact that the bosses were present.
The result of his weakness and indecision
is demoralization in the ranks of his
would-be supporters. Other candidates on
the ticket are breaking away and striking
out for themselves.
The candidates have little confidence in
the campaign committee of which Max
Goldberg is the chief manager. It is true
that assessments according to agreement
are being paid in and there must be a
considerable sum of money in the com
mittee's possession at this time. -The
nominees, apprehending that the money
already collected may not be expended to
their advantage are making-independent
arrangements to win the favor of voter.5.
Some money is to be put in to help
Wells. It is hoped by such means that
the bad effect of his "confidential" talks
may be counteracted. The management
of Wells' campaign is to be entrusted to
ex-Assemblyman W. H. Cobb, who is a
candidate for Supervisor on the Republi
can ticket. Rooms on the second floo- of
the Grand Hotel have been engaged for the
use of Mr. Cob and his assistant; Jacob
Steppacher. Everything possible will be
done by these managers to place Wells in
a creditable light before the voters. \u25a0: He
will be advised to say nothing to-news
paper men or others regarding his privnte
conferences with Goldberg, Burns .and
Herrin. •
REPUBLICANS • seem to be
thoroughly disgusted over the
peculiar antics of the nominee
for Mayor on their ticket. He ap-
J. R. Doyle, J. W. Harris, P. J. Kelleher.
T. Thompson and others. All the districts
in the city are being thoroughly can
vassed by a special committee appointed
without regard to political affiliations.
Meeting Held by Haynes Club.
The Frank P. Haynes Club held an en
thusiastic meeting Monday night in the
Claus Spreckels building. Marshall B.
Woodworth was chairman and a cam
paign committee was appointed by him.
A second meeting will be held next Mon
day night. .
German Saloon-Keepers Meet.
The German Saloon-keepers' Protective
Association met yesterday afternoon and
initiated forty new members. It was de
cided not to indorse any candidate for
Mayor, but to ratify whatever indorse
ment is made by the San Francisco Pro
tective Association.
Indorse Labor Candidates.
At last night's meeting of local union
No. 131, Paperhangers and Fresco Paint
ers, a recess was taken and the* candi
dates of the Union Labor party were
unanimously indorsed.
CHARLES KAISER KILLED
BY FALLING FROM WINDOW.
Tragic Death of Superintendent of
the Water and Electric Works :
of Reno.
Charles Kaiser, superintendent of the
water and electric works at Reno. Ne
vada, was accidentally killed yesterday
morning by falling out. of a third-story
window of the lodging-house at 703 Sutter
street. Mr "Kaiser was 70 years old and
very feeble on account of sickness. He
had been subject to dizziness and faint
ing spells for a long time; and less than
two weeks ago came to this city; with his
wife and son on the way to Santa Bar
bara for the benefit of his health. Not
improving there as fast as he had expect
ed he returned to this city, intending to
proceed to his home in Reno.
After having dressed himself yesterday
morning, and while his wife and son -were
in the room, he walked to the window and
fell out of it, striking on the sidewalk.
The testimony taken at the Coroner'3
Inquest yesterday convinced the jury that
Mr. Kaiser had been taken with an attack
of vertigo, which caused him to fall. A
verdict of accident, was returned..
A Comfortable and Delightful Trip.
On Sunday, October 20, the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excur
sion to Ukiah. Each ticket- sold Insures
a seat, for the company, will not sell a
single ticket above, the number of seats
provided. Time of • departure from Tibu
ron ferry will be 8:30 a. m., and. from
Ukiah on the return, 5 p. m. Train will
not .stop. in. transit. Fare for the round
trip only $2. Tickets now on sale at ticket
office, 650 Market street (Chronicle build
ing), and Tiburon ferry.
In the Divorce Court.
The- following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Jessie L. Patton Berry
against William F. Berry for desertion,
William O. Mills against Julia Mills for
desertion, Henry. A. Smith against Mar
tha B. Smith for desertion, Hattie Nelson
against Albin E. Nelson for cruelty, May
E. Russell against Charles S. Russell for
failure to provide. ; .
Mary Haub was granted a divorce from
George Haub yesterday on the ground of
desertion.
Murdered by order of strike leaders. See the
Wasp's cartoon this week. •
Lecture on Art.
Francis Melbourne Green* B. L.., of the
University of California, delivered an ad
dress last night at Metropolitan Temple
under the auspices of the California Cam
era, Club.. He treated his subject "The
Nature and Scope of Art," in a very in
teresting and instructive manner. The
lecture was appropriately Illustrated.
Ex- Assemblyman W. H. Cobb is appointed to take charge of Asa.
R. "Wells. It is Cobb's duty to see that the venerable nominee does &/C
talk too much and tell all he knows about secret interviews with notori- *
ous bosses and convention fixers. Cobb enters upon the duties of his new
and somewhat unique office to-day.
Indiscreet Talks of the Nominee Alarm and
Demoralize Supporters of Ticket.
W. H. COBB IS SELECTED
AS WELLS' NEW MANAGER
Henry: Lyon, - a! colored ' man/Lwhb = came
to this cityjas second^cook \ In , ' J.* Plerpont
Morgan's } special '[ train/Lwas 'convicted i by
Judge Conlan; yesterday : of (the I charge' of
violating v-' the j-ark \u25a0 ordinance. •" '? He \u25a0>. - was
sentenced;, to t six J months i In * the C County
JaU- \u25a0 .. - .\u25a0\u25a0..' .-. - ;•\u25a0•. \u25a0 -.t 11 ••-.-.,
Morgan's Cook' v L€ft ] Behind.
"Sir" \u25a0; Harry Z Westwobd -Cooper/alias
Ernest •„ Moore 3 Chadwick,^ filed ' notice 'i of
appeal, to: the Supreme Court yesterday at
the ; County. Clerk's office,; Hall, of .'Justice,
against ; his ? conviction fand '.sentences by
Judge , Lawlor, on' October 5 ' oni the - charge
of : forgerv I for rending a', forged | telegram
to j^Miss \u25a0 Norina | Schneider/vHe • was I sen
tenced to ten years in San'Quentln.r.Itls
contended * that ! the . information \u25a0 on I which
he was charged .was \u25a0 fatally defective. -\u25a0 -
Cooper/ Slakes Appeal.
\u25a0 Louis N. 1 ' Starlz,' who [ was ! charged "with
burglary ' for,; entering the \u25a0 room* of '< Oscar
E.' Johnston, 422 Drumm' street," and steal-"
ing two gold rings and a purse containing
$4, appeared before ! Judge Conlan;yester
day. It was shown that | after committing
the burglary Stariz called upon "Johnston;
admitting, his quilt < and ' offering, to' return
$2 50. , The ; Judge : reduced \u25a0\u25a0. the >\u25a0 charge -;to
petty larceny/ and f sentenced; Stariz \u25a0.' to
serve six months in the County, Jail:
Stariz's Conscience - Pricked; Ffni.
Offlcers^ — President." . Stephen 'Bunner;-* first
vice president,"; William H. Miller;' second vice
president, : John Kavanagh; third vice president,
Morris M.' Baker; recording % sedretary, : j. < : j,
McMahon ; financial ; secretary, John t. Williams ;
treasurer, William Fahrenkrug:; board mt direc
tors — J./'.M.T Thomas, George , Burkhardt,' F.. F.
Terramorse,". Henry ' Ryder, A. \u25a0 Sharp ; trustees-
Richard- Harrold.-.P.' Conner,;: Fred \u25a0 A. ; Will;
sergeant at' arms,*; L.J Dunn, r, E.» B. Vreeland, 1
Harry Wheeler,'; Thomas Macauley,>T.' W.iKen
nard., W. • H. Lowrie, S.' ; Bunner; I.-) Harrington,
D. Grady, • D: Mahoney,> G.' Kimball, - P. \u25a0 Quin
lan, P. H. Gianini, D. Kentzell, P. A. Firiin- ;
gan, Thomas Langan, J.W.' McCarthy, :D.".Mc-^
Carthy, M. Wilson, v L. < Dunn,' C McMahon,"" F.
Byrne, D. j Skehan, s P. I Burns, C. I D.- Rellly, I H.*
Kohn, W..H. Miller. E. D. Chase.
The twenty-seven surviving members of
the old \ Knickerbocker Engine -Company
sat down to their thirty-fifth | annual ban
quet at Delmonico's Thursday night. Old
Knickerbocker Engine Company, which
did so , much in the ' early ; period of San
Francisco's history to extinguish conflag
rations, •'-' wad organized on the 17th of
October, 1850, and remained organized un
til 1866,. when | the | paid department came
into : active service. - Of . the members of
the company the following named are
now living: 1 • \u25a0'•\u25a0.) ;
Knickerbockers' Banquet.
Teachers' Certificates.
The City Board of Examination met yes
terday and recommended the following
named for teachers' certificates' to the
Board of Education:
Grammar grade— Misses Ida P. Jackson
Clara E. Rodgers, George M. Davis; renewals
Miss Mira j Mahoney and Mrs. ! Florence Os
born. - • .
. Lif e ' diplomas, high ! '\u25a0 school— Perry Tomp
kins, W. de L. Kingsbury; grammar grade,
MiFses Mary Brierton, Kate A. Humphrey
Jennie B. Hind. _ •
The Secretary of State and the Insur
ance Commissioners have issued to the
Empire' State Surety Company/a corpora
tion organized under the laws of -the
State of New York, the usual authoriza
tion to establish a general agency In this
State. The head office of the company is
in the Borough of Brooklyn, City of New
York, and its executive offlcers'are: John
G. Jenkins, president (president First Na
tional Bank of Brooklyn and president
Williamsburgh , Trust Company) ; j Wayne
W. Wilson, first vice president; Moses
May, second vice president (vice president
Williamsburgh Trust Company) ; : George
L. Weed, .secretary; .William M. Tomliiis
Jr., assistant secretary, and T. ,H. Me-
Farland, treasurer. - The company will
execute all classes of fidelity, court and
contract bonds. Thomas R. Bannerman
has been appointed as its general agent
and resident manager, with offices in the
Savings and \u25a0 Loan Society building, cor
ner Sutter and Montgomery streets. .
Establishes General Agency.
Red Mountain is 1500 feet high, with
veins of quartz carrying gold, silver and
copper running from one side to the other.
The claims were located and sold by John
C. Quinlaven. The purchasers are all
practical mining men. They have in
corporated the Kendall Red Mountain
Mining and Development. Company to
work the mines and also to generate elec
tric power for mining and sawmill pur
poses. For this purpose they will utilize
a large waterfall formed by the outlet of
Crater Lake in that vicinity. Crater Lake
is 4500 feet above. the sea level and its
outlet drops fifty feet from a precipice.
TACOMA, Oct. IS.— San Francisco min
ing men, including Joseph R. Kendall,
George C. Walker and J. Scot Ecker, have
purchased for $100,000 twenty-three mining
claims located on Red Mountain near Sky
komish in Snohomish County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Shortly after the stranger had left, Mc-
TVilliams discovered that the cash register
had been pried open, presumably with a
jimmy, and the contents taken. Realiz
ing that he had been cleverly duped the
\u25a0astonished clerk lost no time in telephon
ing to Acting Chief of Detectives Nor
man, apprising: him of the bold theft. :
6«veraJ detectives were at once sent to
the store and after a short investigation
they became convinced that the well
dressed stranger had a confederate, who
managed to slip into the store while the
clerk was engaged outside and broke open
the register. ' .- .
The police have a good' description of
the man who spoke to McWilliams and
every effort is being made to run him
down. f/-\'^ '"•»/-
Acting Chief of Detectives Norman and
his best men are looking for a brace of
clever thieves who broke open the cash
register in the store of the American Tea
Company at 355 Hayes street yesterday
and g^>t away with about 548. The crime
was one of the most dating: reported to
the police for some time. I
Shortly after noon a well d.ressed young
man approached the entrance to the
store and calling the clerk, whose name is
John McWilllams, asked him to tell him
which car line it was necessary for him
to take to reach Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McWilllams started to instruct . the
stranger as to the quickest way to reach
the cemetery, and after bidding him grood
by returned to his place behind the
counter.
Bold Crime Committed
in American Tea
Store.
San Franciscans the Pur
chasers of Washing
ton Mines.
PAY THOUSANDS
FOR THE CLAIMS
The early rains have laid the dust; the
heat of the summer months is no longer
with us; the atmosphere is' fresh and In
vigorating, so that there i3 no more de
lightful time of the year to visit the coun
try. The varied colors i that nature puts
on at this time give an added charm and
the opportunity for a most delightful trip
is offered by the California Northwestern
Railway.
On Sunday, October 20, this road will
run an excursion to Ukiah through that
most picturesque section of California—
Marin, Santa Rosa and Russian River
valleys— charging only |2 for the round
trip. Each ticket sold insures a seat, for
the company will not sell a single ticket
above the number of seat3 provided. They
are now on sale at ticket office, 650 Mar
ket street (Chronicle , building), and .,at
Tiburon ferry. Time of departnre from
Tiburon ferry will be 8:30 a. m. From
Ukiah on the return, 5 p.m. 1
All That Is Left* Behind You When
You Board the XJkiah. Excur
sion Train.
NO DISAGREEABLE WEATHEB.
NO FOG.
THIEVES RIFLE
CASH REGISTER
MISS HARRIET JOSEPHIXE
HASSEXMUL.L.ER is another
fair California girl to be added
to the list of those who have
gone East to study and have
come back home covered with honors.
Miss Hassenmuller has just returned
after a six months', course in one of the
finest schools of elocution In the Empire
City. She graduated with highest honors,
and although the metropolis made her all
sorts of tempting offers to- remain she
felt she must come home to show her
friends what she can do.
Miss Hassenmuller has studied elocu
tion because of her inborn love for it. Al
though extremely talented, she does not
intend to go upon the stage. She will,
however, appear at some of the swell
charity affairs of the winter.
He spent the entire afternoon talking In
support of the latest move of the lawyers
for Mrs. Craven and at 5 o'clock Judge
Troutt continued the case until Monday
at 2 p. m. . .
Mrs. Craven appeared In the courtroom
attired in black. She appeared -to be in
good health and gave no evidence of the
strain to \u25a0 which she has been subjected
for the last few years.
Maguire reviewed the proceedings of the
former trial in. his arguments, going over
the case in a thorough manner and ad
vancing many points in favor of his mo
tion.
That document had no connection with the
case. Mrs. Craven had no interest in the docu
ment, which did not make her a devisee or
legatee in any manner. It . was . introduced
solely because it was found in her possession,
and it was introduced only that it might be
proven false. • • / .
Maguire also laid particular stress upon
the introduction of the lead pencil will as
evidence ] during the trial of the famous
case. He said:
Mrs. Craven's new counsel then made
his motion for a new trial of the suit to
quiet title to the properties on Mission
street and Pine street. Maguire moved
for a new trial on the following grounds:
Insufficiency of evidence; that the decision
of the court and judgment is against law;
errors in law, irregularity in proceedings
and newly discovered evidence.
In support of his plea that the decision
of the court and the judgment were
against law he said:
The decision was against the law because
the suit was commenced by the special ad
ministrators. The law does not devolve upon
them the power to commence suits or action to
quiet title. The function of a special adminis
trator is to take possession of and hold the
property during the probating of the wllL
Their duties are to care for and preserve the
property and not to enter into suits to quiet
title.
The affidavit filed by Mrs. Craven, stat
ing that Judge Troutt was biased is
founded on the belief that in passing
judgment upon her suit for a family al
lowance from the Fair estate he formed
and expressed an opinion prejudicial to
her interests and that therefore he could
not treat the testimony offered in sup
port of the motion for a new trial of the
case decided by Judge Slack four years
ago in an impartial manner.
An exception was taken by Maguire to
the ruling of the court on the charge of
prejudice and he asked for ten days to
prepare a bill of exceptions.
Judge Troutt has refused to grant the
motion of Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, for a
transfer of her cases against the Fair es
tate to some other department of the Su
perior Court of this county. Judge Troutt
denied the motion for a transfer yester
day, after listening to the reading of an
affidavit of prejudice by Judge James G.
Magulre, attorney for Mrs. Craven, just
previous to his making a motion for a
new trial.
Judge Troutt Will Hear the
Case Despite Affidavit
of Prejudice.
Lawyers Who Represent
Her Move for New
Trial.
NETTIE CRAVEN
AGAIN IN COURT
TALENTED GIRL RETURNS
WITH MANY HIGH HONORS
Empire City Puts Its Stamp of Approval
Upon Miss Hassenmulier's Work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. OCTOBER 19, 1901.
12
<nco«»ohates \u25a0 BBSr Bam wBF <BHB
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
"Who la Interested In savin? \u25a0 money and
lessenicg the cost of living. See us. Write
to us. Give us a trial order and be con-
vinced.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUCAR, 23 lbs.SI
Extra special; limit. $1 CO.
FAIRBANKS Gold Dust, 3-lb. pkg 15c
Saturday only.
POINT REYES CREAMERY, square . - 1 .40c
Extra choice. Reg. 50c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 50c
Our Butter sales have Increased our trade
and made friends. Reg. 60c * \u25a0 •
PETALUMA RANCH E66S, dozen. \ \ .25c
Res. 30c
BEST MISSION E66S, dozen ....... .40c
Res. 47%c
HEW RENCH PRUNES, 5 pounds 25c
RegT. 3 lbs 25c
FIGS, WHITE ADRIATIC, 10-ib. box... 55c
Extra special. Reg. 73c.
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best Coffee. Ib. 25c
, Our Coffee Is the best In the world.
i Our friends say so. \u25a0 Reg. 33c.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISXEY, qt. bot9Oc
Regr. $1 15.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds, Ib.... 40c
Reg-. 60c and 73c lb. '
.GOLDEN CITY FLOUR, 50-lb sack 80c
Extra fine Family Flour. Reg. 90c.
OLD KENTUCKY WHISKEY, gallon.. .$2.50
10-year-old Rye or Bourbon. Reg: J3 50.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, half-Ib. can ..20c
BEsTsUGAR PEAS, Petit Pols, can.. .I2!c
Reg. 20c.
Ghirardetli's Ground Chocolate, Mb can,25c
Rcgr. 30c. • • • • • ' * \u25a0 -'. \u25a0. t
IMPORTED SCOTCH WHISKEY, at. bot.90c
Old vatted.v Royal blend. Res. Jl 15
BROMANGELON Dessert Jelly, package. 106
All Flavors. Regr. 15c- . ' . \u25a0
MACARONI SPAGHETTI, box .:..>.. .20c
. Vermicelli. Reg. \ 25c -
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of • these "special"
sales. We ship free of charge within 100
, miles on all orders exceeding 15. Ask" tor
monthly price list— free. *•
1348-1354 MARKET STREET, S;
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. y<> Branch Stores.
F~~~~~~'
Open To-Night at 7:30.
1049 Market St.
MORRISON'S
GREAT
BOOK
AUCTION
Will continue DAILY '
; ;.' Until -this ENORMOUS STOCK
j ot 15 TONS Is closed out. : -
! -W. C. MORRISON', * J
i baalnes, i&££2&£ . r^S^A
'Hale's.^. \_ Siifu^^™— ~-
- t M £t
Market Street, '^gf^tfi Market Street,
Opposite Golden Jm JfSuJzZ^S Oopositc Golden
Gate Avenue. \u25a0^•^^SQQq €iOO0&*^^ : , Cate Avenue.
Mercerized Sateen Petticoats 75c.
They have pleated flounces, finished with two rows of frilling..
Colors, black, red, blue and purple.
AnotKer Mercerized Sateen Petticoat 95c— with
pleated flounces, edged with frill. B ack and coiors.
Mercerized Sateen Petticoats $1.25— with deep
flounce, on which are three rows ot frilling, finished with cording.
Black and, colors. j
Other Petticoats $1.95, $2.4?, £2.95, $3 45, $3.75»
£4-50. • ; ;
Charming Neckwear for Women.
"It's a rich and varied collection that expresses the very latest and pret-
tiest conjuririgs' of fashion.
At^SOc. At 75c.
Taffeta Silk Stocks and Four-in- Divided Silk Pin Colored Stocks-
Hands— Trimmed with fancy Honl- With four-in-hands, collar has three
ton* braid. Black, white, pink and velvet straps, ribbon and silk, six !lt-
blue. tie buttons. The whole is edged with
Stocks, Velvet and Feau de Soie— fancy shell stitching.
TaStaS^ock^^nd'pourin-Hands- *eau de Soie Stock and Four-in-
T^S^-S4|S r JiSgffftt. P e - d d -? 0^al h l^na 9 St e r d a |e S sor
B^^^J^S?ffiSS^t |§twh^ni n b lu b erwhit^n e d flS
stock a foundation. Bias ends trim- enaer.
med with Venlse lace. Tucked Satin Collar— "With cascades
Soft Stocks— Shirred, with rosette bow, of pleated liberty silk, edged with
pretty black buttons. narrow silk ruche.
Women's
Pink and Blue Wool Mixed Vests 50c
We don't get as good a value as this more than once a year. We say this
because we want to let you know what an extra value it is and give you a
warning to be prompt.
They're heavy ribbed, with high necks and long sleeves, gusseted arms,
shaped at the waist, silk shell finish around the neck and down the front,
pearl buttons, flat and covered seams. Heavy, soft and warm. Sizes for
every woman. Such an extraordinary value we give it the place of honor
to-day — the bargain square.
Toilet 5dap 25c a box.
It's a fine mill soap in latest and daintiest odors. Gives a quick and ex-
cellent lather, leaves the skin clean and fresh. Three cakes in a box.
Hudnut's Perfumes 50c a Box— Put up In one-ounce bottles; desirable odors.
As a rule the box itself costs 50c: now we're throwing In this handsome car-
ton for nothing.
Hudnut's Violet Sec Toilet "Water 75c— Four-ounce bottles; a refreshing ar-
ticle after a bath.
Anyvo Cream 45c— Comes In half-pound tins; an excellent quality.
EXCTLTLTSrVELY IN NEXT
; ' \u25a0;'':;';STrND AY'S/; CALL- \u25a0' \ Vk
; Look "out for; thie ; confession*
of Mrs. Piper— tlie most start-
ling denouement In modern!
Royal Baking -Powder ; is; of the/highest qual-
ity, always pure/ wholesome; uniform. The
contents of each' can ; are exactly Hike "every
other, : and will retain • their strength and fresh- ,
ness and" produce the same' the highest
leavening effect in any climate; at any time. >
The "Royal Baker andPastry; , Avoid baking powders made •
Cook "-over 800 most prac- . from alum. : Alum is a corro^
ticalcookmgreceipte— freeto sivc acid,v which, taken 1 in v.
every patron. Send address. food means injury. to healthv
«OYAL BAKING POWDER CO./'loO WILLIAM ST.. NEW YORK- ' "
To=Day ? s
Remarkable
Offerings!
: SALE OF WOMEN'S WAISTS.
About 10 dozen "WOMEN'S SILK WAISTS;
fresh , from ; the hands ! of the best style
creators, they: are everything that fash-
. ion decrees .for. this fall's wear; all the.
' newest colors ; regular to 00 value ; our
, price to-day.......... <KO QP%
WOMEN'S ALBATROSS "WAISTS, come in
fancy Silk stripes and solid colors; $2 60
. value; our ! special price to- '. <C 1 JL^\
\u25a0WOMEN'S CASHMERE WAISTS, come in'
\u25a0 pretty ' shades i of -Pink! 11 Blue, 'Cream and
.- other stylish \u25a0 colors; : trimmed with con-
, i> tra sting color of Venetian'lace ; regular
. \u25a0 price ?3 50; special price to- CT O -yi fZ.
day ,€{>^5 wTrO
On sale to-day, ; our $5 00 quality FINE
J ALBATROSS WAISTS, beautifully made
and \u25a0 trimmed . with -. Black <J* «> r 'ACS
\ Arabian lace; special prifce.. tJ>O»"TrO
JUST ONE BIG SPECIAL IN WOMEN'S
;DRESS SKIRTS.
<£Q Ok FS for our 'regular. »4 60 DRESS
«J>^«CFO SKIRTS; made of fine quality
B Cheviot; neatly ! made and I trimmed .with |
; ' \ bands of ; stitched Taffeta; full \u25a0 flare
y flounce. ..:. •',\u25a0/•{.>\u25a0?\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0. '., ,-',•• ;.•-,-.". '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;•: •v»f/-,-.- <
'Rft/»t for i'WOMEN'S EIDERDOWN
«JV/w-. DRESSING - SACQUES, fitted
back. ' hand E crocheted | edge of | Worsted;
i ' silk i ribbon bows ; ; all -. colors ;. regular 75c '.
...Rvalue.-, i \u25a0:\u25a0 r.f'j\ *\u25a0; Vv' " '\u25a0'':, ;V'>* ; \u25a0;'\u25a0 >
\u25a0"cCORSE'nSALE.-:.; \\ . \u25a0 '
Whether you pay us 38c or $2 00 iour COR-
SET guarantee holds good. /•-Wear our Cor-
; sets * 30 V days, ; then,' if ;• not * ; satisfactory ,
j money.- refunded.? Following * bargain < list
. come - in all ; the ; leading makes "\u25a0 and , latest
.TO-DAY'S SPECIAIj PRICES. .; \u25a0
, 50c CORSETS on sale. ... .T; .';.V. . ..:.".. ..3Sc \
75c CORSETS on sale;:."..;.;:... V....... ,48c
$1 00 CORSETS on'sale....;..... ....... ..73c
\u25a0 Jl 25 CORSETS on sale...; ...' .9So
(1 50 CORSETS on sale.. .•.«1^3;
.$2 00 CORSETS on' sale.. ;...;.. ....... S1.»O
\u25a0 $2 50 CORSETS! on] sale. ........ ,'?.'" ,.82 00
HOSIERY.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0,\u25a0 S5 * Dlu V /\L* U tio. - - \u25a0 v-
,We~flnd we have' too many of "our 20c qual- i
• Ity ".WOMEN* S •• RICHELIEU • ' RIBBED >
I and PLAIN 'BLACK ' HOSE," .to make"
\u25a0 \u25a0 room ' we • will ,-. sell ; them •' to- .,'\u25a0,*' 1 O a r+ '<\u25a0
/ dajr^ at .."•:..."•'.\u25a0.'..-.:. ...Pair '\u25a0., I
1 jQr» ji Pair; i to-day fonly; iT- for 'our .best"-
lOv 25c : WOMEN'S I BLACK ;' HOSE ; !
• : extra , fln« ' gauge; ; many, houses ' sell r slm- '
ilar • hose ; for : 25c s pair; i only 4 i*airs 'sold
" to each customer.' --'.v«:r- ; -\-.^ : \u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0:- m imh
.:: : V:.CHIjLpRENfs':XOATf-.}}
'; All '-- T our popular J price \ : CHILDREN'S f
\ ;- CLOAKS ;-. are , now .< in ; 5 our i $2 50, i |3 50 '
"\u25a0$4 00. * $5 00 f and s $8 00 values cannot -bs'
\u25a0 ; equaled ! elsewhere. ;.:< To-day . we • place '. on :
B sale I our I lone Automobile Coats Jn I Red. I
;' Tan: and; Blue; regular. W EO values;. sizes ''
: : \ 2 to ; 14 years ; , special •; pricej <IJ ps :f\ f\ ;
11 , 0'C/ock.
1212-1214^MARKET ST.;
' -: Taylor wid Jones. '
<UKe
S' vSrSL \u25a0 n« \u25a0> \u25a0- honor.
i <?e-l32 Ellis Sti 5jiiFraSn5CO \u25a0 "