VOLUME XCI.-NO 23.
ARGENTINA AND CHILE EAGER FOR WAR
AND GERMANS THREATEN VENEZUELA
WALLS FALL
UPON SCORES
OF WORKERS
Fire in a Mexican City
Costs Forty-Five
Lives.
SSacatecas Market-House Col
lapses While Flames
Are Raging.
JHeat Drives Back Rescuers and Pre
vents the Succoring of Victims
Entombed in Blazing
Bolus.
SAN ANTOKIO, Texas. D«c 22.— By the
U'lapse of the City Market House in
Iracatecas. Mexico, f,orty lives have been
lost and more than a score of persons se
riously Injured, some of them so badly
that they cannot recover. Fifteen bodies
have been taken from the ruins and a
large force is at work clearing away the
debris In order to recover others, though
there is no hope that any of those caught
in the collapse of the big structure will
•be found alive. It is impossible at this
time to learn* the names of the victims.
Among those entombed were several offi
cers charged with the management of the
building.
The market house was one of the larg
est buildings in Zacatecas and was owned
by the city. Its lower portion was com
posed chiefly of cold storage cellars, in
which the local merchants stored their
perishable goods, and It was in the base
ment section that the fire started. The
flames had gained such headway that the
entire building was seen to be doomed
End the efforts of the firemen and citi
zens -were directed to saving goods In the
rtorag-« compartments in the basement
* and on the first floor.
Kuni3r<>ds of men fonatd into panire and
were busily engaged in the work of sav
ing- goods when the entire superstructure,
weakened by the rapidly spreading
flames, collapsed, crushing- and burying
dozers of men engaged in the work of
salvage. Those who escaped injury from
th*» blazing rains were so terror-stricken
that it n-as difficult to organize any ef
fort at rescue and those who had not been
killed outright could hear the cries of
victims in the ruins. There was no hope
cf rescue. The Fire Department Is poor
ly equipped and the supply of water in
adequate, so effective resistance could
not be offered to prevent the spreading of :
the fire.
The fire finally burned itself out, leav
lrig many unfortunates buried beneath
tons of wreckage. As soon as possible an
effort was made to get out the bodies
of the dead, but the heat drove back the
rescuers for hours and only fifteen of
those who were nearest the outer walls
cf the building could be removed. Exact
ly how many have been killed cannot be
known until the ruins are cleared away
end this work, with the primitive methods
Jn use, will occupy days.
The market house was one of the hand-
Fomest buildings in the city and was
erected a few years ago by the munici
pality to meet the demands of growing
business. It cost more than $150,000 and
in it were stored stocks of merchandise
valued at thousands of dollars. It was
one of the chief sources of revenue for
the city. The insurance on it was light
ar.d it is doubtful if it will be rebuilt.
CHANGE IN CORONATION
ROBES CAUSES TROUBLE
Court Ladies Who Have Already Or
dered Costly Garments Resent
the Order.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The Earl Marshal's
order changing the peeresses' coronation
robes, while generally commended, has
created no little consternation among
those who had already ordered these cost
ly garments. It appears that the change
was due to the personal action of King
Edward, who had been approached on the
subject by many ladies. They declared
their robes were hot and unbecoming, be
sides entirely hiding the gorgeous gowns
which were to be worn. The new robes
< avored by royalty have a long train and
% small miniver cape, with the skirt loop
ed back and caught up with bows, so as
to show the white underdress, which !s
edged with miniver. Though the change
doubtless suits most of them, it has put
several court dressers in a quandary, for
work on many of the robes had already
An interesting report is In circulation
that Queen Alexandra will be attended
at the coronation by four Duchesses
dressed in cloth of gold and wearing their
robes and coronels. Those selected are
raid to be the Duchesses of Marlborough,
Montrose. Southerland and Portland.
The Royal Academy has prepared a
unique present to the King and Queen In
honor of their accession to the throne. The
seventy members of the academy have
each painted a water color of uniform
size. These pictures are now being pri
vately exhibited in Burlington House
prior to their presentation to the King
France and Italy Sign Treaty.
fVlENNA, Dec. 22.— The Allgemelne
Zeitung asserts that France and Italy
have concluded a formal treaty which en
ables Italy to declare a formal protecto
rate over Tripoli^
The San Francisco Call.
SCHLEY CASE
TO BE FOUGHT
IN CONGRESS
Democrats Hope to In
jure Popularity of
Roosevelt.
Grooming the Santiago Hero
for the Presidential
Nomination.
Friends of Bewey and Miles Are Also
Bending their Energies Toward
the Same Political
Goal.
Special Discatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.i WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.-Has Presi
dent Roosevelt succeeded in "snuffing
out" the Schley controversy? This is the
question that Is being asked on all sides
in Washington. Nothing else is talked of
in army, navy and Congressional circles
than the sensational rebuke to General
Miles, the demand for Maclay's resigna
tion, the rejection of Admiral Dewey's
opinion that Schley was in command at
the battle of Santiago and the approval
of the findings of the court agains.t Ad
miral Schley.
Republican politicians are watching de
velopments with special interest. They
believe they see in the controversy # the
making of a Democratic candidate for
President in 1904. Some friends of Rear
Admiral Schley favor' running him for
President and thus seeking vindication at
the polls. As a matter of fact there are
Democrats who do not want to limit the
field of choice to Schley. General Miles
and Admiral Dewey have their champions
and General Miles is believed to be a
candidate for the nomination. The pre
diction is freely made that one of these
three will be the Democratic standard
bearer in 1904.
Plans of Schley's Friends.
Rear Admiral Schley occupies the lead
ing position at present and his friends
will let no opportunity pass to further his
popularity. The Schley question will be
constantly coming up In Congress. Re
publicans in the Senate are afraid of the
resolution of Senator Jones of Arkansas.
This extends the thanks T>f Congress to
Rear Admiral Schley and the officers and
men under his command for the victory
at Santiago. The resolution is favored by
several Republicans and practically all
the Democrats. Other Republicans, who
are opposed to the j theory of Admiral
Dewey that Schley was in supreme com
mand at Santiago, are uneasy lest the
resolution should reach a vote, because,
for political reasons, they would hesitate
to vote against it. It is expected that the
Schley partisans will press it for consid
eration in both houses. They want it to
get to the President. They feel that the
President will approve the action of Sec
retary Long in indorsing the findings of
the court of inquiry. They want to have a
resolution of Congress sent to the Presi
dent so that he will have to take the re
sponsibility of vetoing it. Then they want
to run Schley against Roosevelt at the
next Presidential election.
Veto by Boosevelt Certain.
This phase of the controversy has been
discussed very seriously by the party
leaders. The situation is bound to have
its embarrassments. Representatives
may hesitate and dodge, but no one who
has studied the President has any doubt
that he would refuse to approve any res
olution of Congress which sought to give
the credit for the victory at Santiago to
Schley at the expense of Sampson.
Lieutenant General Miles is in New
York and army headquarters officials are
silent about the Schley case. Officers of
the army generally approve the Presi
dent's action In administering a reprimand
to General Miles, and predict that it will
have a good effect throughout the service.
Admiral Dewey continues to observe his
rule of not discussing the Schley case for
publication. A friend acquainted with his
views said to-night that the hero of Ma
nila had rather expected the department
to disapprove his action in rendering an
opinion on the question of the command
during the battle. The admiral regards
the approval by Secretary Long of the
failure of the majority of the court to sub
mit a finding on the question of the com
mand as a quasi-censure, but is not dis
turbed over It.
Seek to Bury the Resolution.
One of the mosj. experienced politicians
on the Republican side in the Senate said
to-day:
"I am a Sampson man. I do not think
that Admiral Schley is entitled to any
more credit for that battle of Santiago
than any of the captains. Yet I do not
want to vote against a resolution extend
ing to Schley and the officers and the
men under his command the thanks of the
United States. The Naval Committee will
try to keep the resolution in a pigeon hole.
Whether it can keep it there is a ques
tion that has been carefully considered.
"The opposition is not so much against
Admiral Schley as against the proposition
to keep this scandal alive. It is time that
it was dropped. It is time to think of
something else. Yet the friends of Schley.
for the purpose of playing politics, are
determined to keep the thing going. We
all realize that it is hurting the navy and
is doing us an injury abroad. This the
friends of Schley admit, but they take the
position that their man has not had a fair
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1901.
MAY EXPEL
NATURALIZED
AMERICANS
Syrian Authorities Order
Them Out of
Country.
United States Representative
+ Makes Strong Protest
to Turkey.
Ukase Gives Aliens the Alternative
of Renouncing Allegiance to
This Government Within
Fifteen Days.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 22.— The au
thorities at Beyrout, Syria, have notified
naturalized American citizens that they
must renounce their naturalization within
fifteen dayd, otherwise they will be ex
pelled from Turkey. Spencer Eddy, First
Secretary of Legation in Constantinople,
has made an energetic protest. He has
written the Turkish authorities, demand
ing the withdrawal of the measure. The
incident may become serious, owing to the
absence of a naturalization treaty.
W. W. Peet, treasurer of the Turkish
mission in Constantinople, and M. Gar
guilo, dragoman of the United States Le
gation here, are still at Salonica, endeav
oring to open negotiations with the brig
ands who hold captive Miss Ellen M.
Stone, and to fix a rendezvous with them.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— According to a So
fia dispatch to the Daily Telegraph, an
agreement has been reached between the
brigands holding Miss' Stone captive and
the American legation in Constantinople,
under the terms of which the brigands
are to accept £14,000 for the release of
Miss Stone. It is said the ransom is to
be paid on Bulgarian soil, and that Miss
Stone is to be liberated in Turkish terri
tory. ■-•• *•'- -":■
OPERATION PERFORMED
UPON GENERAL ALGER
Patient's Condition Is Serious, but
Surgeons Believe That He Will
Recover.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 22.— An operation
was performed to-day on General R. A.
Alger, former Secretary of War. At 7
o'clock to-night the following bulletin on
General Alger's condition was issued:
"Temperature normal; pulse 74; only
slight nausea following the anesthetics.
All the symptoms are favorable.
"H. W. LONGYEAR, M. D.
"C. J. JENNINGS, M. D."
Dr. Longyear, who will spend the nignt
with General Alger, said at that hour
that there would be no more bulletins to
night unless an entirely unanticipated
change should occur.
"General Alger is in no immediate dan
ger," said he, "although his condition Is
serious. His chances for recovery are
very » fair."
show and they are willing to go to any ex
tent to get some sort of vindication in the
end— even if they have ,to go to the polls
at a national election."
Members of Congress on the Republican
side profess not to fear Schley as a can
didate in 1904. They say that the American
people will have forgotten all about the
controversy by the time the next Presi
dential election comes around and ioint
to the signs of weariness on the Dart of
the public already manifest. But they
agree that the best thing that can happen
is to have the whole thing "snuffed out"
and forgotten right now, without waiting
for it to die a natural death during* the
next three years.
MACLAY WILL NOT RESIGN.
ITaval Historian Says President Is
Acting in Dictatorial Manner.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Edward Stanton
Maclay, the naval historian, who has been
requested to resign as a special laborer In
the navy yard because of what he wrote
about Schley's conduct in the. Santiago
campaign, said to-night that he had net
yet received Secretary Long's letter, but
would probably get it to-morrow. Maclay
understood, he said, that he had been dis
missed, not requested to resign.
"I don't see," he said, "how the Presi
dent of the United States could violate
the civil service law by dismissing me.
If I understand it, a man regularly in
stalled under civil service regulations is
entitled to an opportunity to answer any
charges made against him. As I under
stand it this order is merely a dictatorial
order, and I am commanded to get out.
No cause or reason is given to me.
"If reports are true the decision will af
fect many thousands in the employ of the
United States. The President of the
United States is coming to a point where
he is establishing a precedent. I don't ex
actly know the law, but I passed a regu
lar examination with a 70 per cent record
and was appointed a special laborer.
"It is a most extraordinary case for the
President to single me out and tell me to
get out. If this Is the case civil service
is a hollow farce.
"President Roosevelt, I believe, made
his mark as a civil service champion. I
have nothing to say about any other part
of the question."
Maclay's friends say he doesn't intend
to be kicked out without a fight, and
many predict that Roosevelt has a warm
proposition to deal with.
CLASH OF TWO
REPUBLICS NOT
FAR DISTANT
Santiago Government
Will Refuse to
Arbitrate.
Does Not Want Medi
ation of King
Edward.
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
ys^ ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
fl* N.W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.-
WA long step toward war has been
taken by Argentina and Chile.
Negotiations ," between the two
governments have been interrupted, the
Argentina Minister to Santiago has been
withdrawn and Argentina has referred
the controversy without the consent "of '
Chile to the King of England for arbitra
tion. '
Confirmation of the dispatch from'
Buenos Ayres this morning of the with
drawal of the Argentina Minister In San
tiago was received by Senor Infante, the
Chilean Charge d'Affaires. Senor In-,
fante's message read:
"Argentina. Minister has left Santiago
on leave of absence. Secretary of Ar
gentina legation has been designated as
Charge d'Affaires."
Senor Garcia Merou, the Argentina Min
ister, supplied The Call to-night with the
following translation of a dispatch re
ceived from Senor Alcorta, the Argentina
Minister for Foreign Affairs:
"All efforts made by this Government
to reach an agreement in the diplomatic
reclamations presented to -the Chilean
Government having proved useless, and
after having exhausted all formulas for
a solution honorable to both govern
ments, I communicate to your Excellency
the decision of this Government to sus
pend all negotiations with Chile and to
refer the matter to his Britannic Majes
ty's Government without altering the
stae of peace which exists with the re
public of Chile."
Chile Opposes Arbitration.
It is not believed here that Chile will
be willing to permit the dispute to be
adjudicated by the King of England.
In administration circles a painful ap
prehension exists that the peace of South
America is on the point of being dis
turbed. Profound excitement prevails in
Argentina, and Chile is wrought to fever
pitch.
Both countries have been preparing for
a conflict. It is believed to-night that
the slightest insult offered to diplomatic
officers or to the flag of either nation "will
INDIANA MURDERER
FIRES THROUGH WINDOW
Assassination of Noblesville Citizen
Believed to Be Due to a
Love Affair.
NOBLESVILLE, Ind.^ Dec. 22.— John E.
Seay, aged 27, second miller, employed by
the Noblesville Milling Company here,
was murdered early to-day. He was. rest
ing on a stairway near a window when
an unknown person fired a load of buck
shot through the glass, the entire con
tents of the weapon entering Seay's head.
William Fodrea, aged 23, son of ex-
County Recorder Fodrea, was arrested
soon after the tragedy. He strenuously
protests his innocence. It is said Seay
and Fodrea were in love with the same
COURT GRANTS DIVORCE
TO DUCHESS OF HES3E
Severs Uncongenial Matrimonial
Bonds of Granddaughter of ,
Queen Victoria. • .
DARMSTADT, Dec. 22.— The Superior
Court has pronounced the separation of
the Grand Duke and Duchess of Hesse.
For months royalty and the. nobility., of
England have been interested In two scan-
PRESIDENTS OF QUARRELING
REPUBLICS AND THE POSSI
BLE-MEDIATOR.
precipitate war. The situation is likened
to that which prevailed : in the United
States and Spain just : before hostilities
were begun. ..'.. '.','.: ■
War^Spirit in Argentina.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 22.— General
Mitre, president of ■the Boundary Com
mission and former President of Argen
tina, will approve the resolution of the
Argentina Government to -withdraw Senor
Portela, the Minister to Chile, to Argen
tina.
The people are flocking to the public rifle
ranges. Each citizen is allowed to shoot
thirty-five cartridges from a Mauser rifle.
"Foreign legions" of soldiers are being
organized. ' .. -. ■. ' t .. .. .: .
It is calculated here that 80/00 men-will
answer the first ■ call for soldiers. These
men are ready to undertake any duty.
There is, furthermore, a reserve of 30,00}
young men. The energetic stand of the
Government Is j enthusiastically " supported
by public opinion.
dais • that involve j granddaughters of the
late Queen Victoria: The unhappy mari
tal relations • of the Crown Princess of
Roumanla have been the subject of much
gossip and an early, separation is ex
pected. Now the ' other daughter of ' the
Duke of Edinburgh has been free'd from
uncongenial matrimonial bonds.
The present Grand Duke of Hesse is a
son of Grand Duke Ludwig IV. and Prin
cess Alice, second .daughter ' of the late
Queen Victoria: He and the Duchess are
cousins. , '". •" ■•'
SETS FIRE TO HOUSE
#H0LDING HIS CAPTIVES
Wisconsin Highwayman Attempts
. Murder of Two Boys by
Awful Means.
. EAU CLAIRE, Wls.', j Dec. . 22.— Seybreth
and Bonell, boys aged 13 and 15 years re
spectively, who had been in the woods for
Christmas greens, .returned exhausted to
night and said that a ! highwayman had
assaulted and robbed them. The man had,
they . asserted, . strapped . them. .- together,
put gags. in their mouths,. locked them in
an abandoned summer-house and set fire
to the house. The boys freed themselves
after a ■ desperate . struggle and escaped.
Both were severely injured.; •
The Buenos Ayres Herald expresses its
approval of the recall of the Argentina
Minister to Chile. The paper does not
believe this step necessarily means war.
It says, however, that the Argentina Gov
ernment could not follow a more dignified
course of action. The Herald speaks glow
ingly, of the power and present state of
organization of the Argentina navy.
Senor Concha Subercaseaux, the Chilean
Minister here, had a conference yester
day with General Roca, President of Ar
gentina. General Roca's demeanor to the
Chilean Minister was cold and he spoke
with energy. The conference became a
little violent in character. General Roca
severely criticized the proceedings of the
Chilean administration.
Minister Portela's Departure.
VALPARAISO, Dec. 22.— Senor Portela,
Argentina Minister to Chile, will leave
here on Wednesday for Buenos Ayres.
The negotiations between Argentina and
Chile probably will be continued through
Secretary of the Legation Bancas. The
retirement of Senor Portela has been ac
cepted by the public with great indiffer
ence. Perfect tranquility continues here.
A proclamation was • read' to-day
throughout Chile calling out another con
tingent of the National Guard.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— Commenting on the
Argentine-Chile trouble and the reference
of the matter by Argentina to Great Brit
ain the Times to-day declares that the
duty of preserving peace belongs no less
to the United States than to Great Brit
ain. The Times also says that a word
from the United States, or even a strong
intimation of the opinion of the American
Government, which would assuredly be
strongly supported from London, would
almost certainly insure \a pacific settle
ment of the difficulty.
The Times adds: ""We can hardly doubt
that, in some shape or other, the word
will be spoken."
SOLDIERS OF. THIBET
~ ATTACK EXPLORING PARTY
Dr. Sven Anders Hedin,*the Swedish
'Traveler, Loses All of His
Valuable Collections.
CHRISTIANIA, Dec. 23.— Dr. Sven An
ders Hedin, . the Swedish traveler, who re
cently reached Ladakh, Cashmere, from
exploring the Gobi desert and Thibet, has
wired .his greetings to King Oscar, and at
the same time informed him that his par
ty was attacked by 500 Thibetan soldiers
during the course of his journey and that
all his collections and almost the whole
of his caravan was lost, but that his Val
uable notes were saved. King Oscar ha3
replied by telegraph to Dr. Hedinl send
ing* his thanks and his greetings.
COMMANDER OF GUNBOAT
REMOVES TURKISH FLAG
Replaces it .With Colors of Sheikh of
Kowyte in Token of Hi3
Independence.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 23.— It is re
ported from Basra, Asiatic Turkey, that
the commander of a British gunboat has
removed the Turkish flag from the resi
dence of Mabarouk, the Sheikh of Kowyte.
and replaced' it' by Mabarouk' s own flag,
in token of his independence.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GIVES CASTRO
LAST CHANCE
TO PAY CLAIM
Kaiser Dispatches an
Ultimatum to
Caracas.
Preparing for Military
Action to Enforce
Demand.
ERLIN, Dec. 22.— It is stated on
on eood authority that the Ger
man Government is preparing for
military action against Venezue
la in order to compel a settlement
of German claims against that country.
It is said that Germany has sent an ul
timatum to Venezuela threatening forci-
ble measures to compel the satisfaction
of German creditors of that country.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— If Germany
occupies a Venezuelan port she must re
main in possession for several years be
fore she will be able to collect $15,000,000.
the amount of money necessary to repay
the loan granted and satisfy the claims
held by her subjects against the South
American republic.
This is the serious feature of the Ger
man-Venezuelan dispute, which makes
the administration especially anxious
that the revolution which has Just mani
fested itself shall succeed and that a new
Government shall be established which
will be disposed to comply with German
demands. If Germany should control
every Customs-house in Venezuela she
would have to remain In that country for
two years and a half before a sum suf
ficient to pay the claims could be raised.
If but a single port of La Guayara should
be seized, then her stay must last eight
years and probably longer, as these esti
mates do not take Into consideration the
use of any of the customs revenues for
support of the Government and are based
upon the continuance of the present an
nual value of Importations.
Where the Danger Lies.
Occupation for such a length of time
would assume a permanent character dis
tasteful to the people of the United
States, and herein lies the danger, so far
as the United States is concerned. In a
German seizure of a Venezuelan port,
provided Castro remains in power. If Cas
tro should be e'jected from office then the
administration Is hopeful that it will have
sufficient Influence with the new regime
to induce it to meet German demands.
Secretary Long said emphatically to
night that the German demonstration had
no connection whatever with the orders
to the battleship Indiana. Nevertheless
the selection of this formidable vessel is
not without significance. Secretary Hay
has assured the German Embassador that
the United States will not Interfere with
the seizure by Germany of a customs
port, provided permanent occupation be
not contemplated or attempted. At the
same time it Is the purpose of the admin
istration to keep a sharp watch upon
Germany In Venezuela, and at the slight
est evidence of permanent occupation to
step in and Inform the Berlin Government
that it must withdraw from the "Western
Hemisphere.
Embassador von Holleben has Informed
his Government of the formidable fleet
which the United States has assembled in
the Caribbean Sea, and, in the opinion of
authorities, the presence of this force
should prove to Germany the undesirabil
lty of prolonged occupation of American
territory.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. ' Dec. j 22.— The
United States battleship Indiana left here
this' morning for La Guayara. Venezuela.
The German training ship Moltke is now
here. ;
Three Victims of Explosion Die.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 22.— Three of tho
workmen who were victims of yesterday'3
explosion at the Singer Nimick plant of
the Crucible Steel Company of America
died to-day. This makes the total four.
Their names are: William Reed (who died
last night), F. B. Reed. John P. Brown,
and Alvin K. Pershlng.2
SEEK MILLIONS
IN LAKE WATER
Silver Islet Mine to Be
Explored by Ameri
can Financiers.
Romantic History "Attaches
to the Search for
Treasure.
Special Dispatch to The'CalL
VANCOUVER. ■ B. C. Dec. 22.— The Sil
ver Islet, the most famous silver mine
ever operated in Canada, may be opened
up again within a few weeks, if the pres
ent plans of an American syndicate of
financiers are" carried out. The great
shaft, twenty-five miles east of Port Ar
thur, on Lake Superior, is now flooded,
and the chance of again operating the
great mine hinges on the possibility of
pumping out the workings.
The Silver Islet was discovered more
than twenty-live years ago. A prospector
named Bronson had been sent by Ameri
cans to the district to look for copper and
found none, une day he happened to no
tice a square rock several hundred yards
out in the lake and had an Indian paddle
him out. The rock rose sheer out of the
water. Its appearance indicated that it
contained some mineral, but alongside in
the water, where the floor of the lake had
been worn away, there was a glistening
of white metal. This turned out to be
nearly pure silver, and the discovery was
the foundation of the opening of a mine
that a score of years ago was famous all
over the world. In five years' operation
it yielded $10,000,000 worth of metal and
paid dividends of $3,000,000 to the share
holders.
When the discoverer recognized the
value of the few samples he had secured
he returned to shore and later visited the
place alone. He brought an ordinary pair
of "blacksmith's tongs, and In the shallow
water from the bottom of the lake he se
cured $3000 worth of silver. But the mine
was under water, and it took the expendi
ture of a large amount of money before
any -further returns were obtained.
Captain Frue. the inventor of the Frue
concentrating • vanner, came across the
lake from the Calumet and Hecla to take
charge of the new property. He built a
seawall to enclose the entire vicinity of
the islet, but this was swept away twice
by gales. Finally the islet was enclosed
and work was started sinking on the great
silver lode. This proved enormously rich
and the mine paid from the start.
In four years the shaft was down 1000
feet, and the 900-foot level was the rich
est part of the \o\n that had been encoun
tered. All this time the pumping system
had been added to. for the seepage in the
big shaft from the lake was tremendous,
until it took a lara;e steam tilant to oper
ate the pumps nlor.e. It was this feature
of the operation that caused the closir;?
of the mine iust when it was making most
moncv for its ov;ners. Coal was not ob
tained in timr and tho shaft was flooded.
New a corr.r.nnv of Americans has been
formed to put down a new shaf< nearbv
and to tap the workings of the old shaft
r.n or.e of the l«wrer levels and pump the
mine dry by that method. Tf the plnn
succeeds the mir» "*•'" rrobably be worth
tr.arr million? cf dollars.
liEAB-END COLLISION
CAUSES TWO DEATHS
Treight Trains of the Northwestern
Sail-way Heet on an Open Track
1'ear a Curve.
GREEN BAY. Wis.. Dec. 22.— Two men
v."p"e cremated and another seriouslv
bnrned in a rear-cno collision of two
routh-bour.d special freight trains on th«
Northwestern Rf.ilroiid to-day at Littles
Sr.amie. The kiHod:
NAPOLEON DELARIA. baggageman;
leaves wife and cipht children.
LOl'IS GTLMETTE. aged 19 years.
A. J. Buriity. a brakeman, was consid
erably injured.
The first liain. in charge of Conductor
Green and EriRincer Henry Oliver, had
reached Little Suainic. when Oliver stop
red his train on the main track to tak-i
vptcr. A moment later the special bc
liirsd rounded ■ curve rear tho depot and
crashed into the first train. Delaria an-l
G:!metie. who run on a passenger train,
■wore trave'ins: on the freight to Green
.p?y to spend Sunday with thoir families.
They were sleeping :n the caboose when
the- rrash o?.ffi? and were instantly killed.
Burner: the resr brakerr.r.n. was also in
the cabocfe at ihe time, but he escaped
from the burning wr<--ek. K!?rht cars were
•t^'pseopeo: and socn burned.
The bodies cf Delaria and Gilmette
were burned beyond recognition.
HUSBAND AND WIFE
MEET AFTEP. MANY YEARS
Canadian Couple, Separated for Near
Four Decades, Eeunited in
the South.
SAX BERNARDINO, Dec. 22.— There
was a most unusual meeting at the Santa
Fe station yesterday afternoon when the
delayed overland pulled In, for then Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas McRae met for the first
time In thirty-six years?.
In lStio the hUFband said good-by to his
family in their Canadian home and came
West. Although there were no domestic
differences he drifted about in the West,
while Mrs. McRae preferred to stay in
the East. Last week she left her home
in Alpena, Mich., to come "West for a visit
to her husband and son. the latter hav
ing followed his father West some yeara
ago.
Attacks a Man Who Wouldn't Drink.
ALTURAS, Dec. 22.— Edward Conlan of
Bidwell was a few days ago the victim
of a murderous attack, which almost re
sulted in the loss of his Jife. Tho 'assart
was made with a knife by Granville
Mays, who cut Conlan's throat almost
from ear to ear. The gash was not deep
enough to strike the jugular vein. Forty
switches had to be taken in dressing the
wound. It Is thought that Conlan will
recover. Conlan refused to take a drink
with Mays, and the latter pprang at him
with a knife. A number of the witnesses
are here from Bidwell and the matter is
before the Grand Jury.
Fire Damages Nanaimo Property.
NANAIMO, B. C, Dec. 22.— Damage to
the amount of 'several thousand dollars,
covered by insurance, was done to the
premises of Foster Bros., harness makers,
here early this morning. Their place was
one of a block of wooden buildings on one
of the principal business thoroughfares.
Foot Tom From His Leg.
MODESTO, Dec. 22.— Martin Pope suf
fered a terrible accident yesterday. Ills
right foot got caught in the swivel wheel
of a plow and was torn from the leg. The
tendons were drawn out of the mangled
members for fourteen inches. The leg
■was amputated below the • knee to-day..
It is thought the injury will prove fatal.
HUNSRY AS A BEARJ
For Gams, Steaks, Chops 8
\ —WHEN ONE USES— K
CALIFORNIA CHUTNEY 1
SAUCE. |
16e, 25c All Grocers. ||
MORE VESSELS
WILL BE BUILT
The Japanese Steamship
Company to Enlarge
Its Fleet.
Stockholders Meet at Tokio
and Urge More Com
petition. _.*...
| . . A M I,,,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACO1IA, Dec. 22.— Nippon Yusen Kai
sha, or Japan Mall Steamship Company,
has decided to build in Japanese ship
yards Blxteen steamers between now and
1907. These steamers will be used to aug
ment its great fleet now running to Amer
ica, Australia, London and up and down
the Asiatic coast.
The decision was reached to build them
thus early that the company may be pre
pared to meet the growing competition
offered by new steamers of other lines
running to the Orient. At the semi-year
ly meeting of the shareholders of , the
company, held at Toklo three weeks ago.
President Kendo made a lengthy report
covering the company's financial opera
tions. By his recommendation 500,000 yen
was added to the reserve for equalizing
the dividends. This reserve now reaches
3,300,000 • yen, insuring the payment of 12
per cent dividends during the next year
and a half. He specially recommended
the setting aside of 1,000,000 yen per year
for developing navigation and improving
the fleet. By this move the cost of the
sixteen steamers will be largely provided
out of the company's earnings.
Mr. Tatsuo, representing the minority
stockholders, who desire larger dividends,
protested against accepting President
Kondo's recommendations, and especially
against the sum appropriated for rewards
to high officers of the company. He'was
almost unanimously voted down.
President Kondo's report showed net
profits for the half-year ending Septem
ber 30 to be 2,639,628 yen. The company's
receipts foe this period included: For the
carriage of goods, 6,927,2S8 yen; passen
gers, 1,383,190 yen; ships chartered, E13.201
yen; subsidies, 3,089,438 yen; bounties, 346,
963 yen.
HUSBAND TAKES LIFE
OF HIS WIFE'S ASSAILANT
Tragedy Occurs at a Southwestern
Home, and Man Who Does the
Shooting Is Exonerated.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 22.— A tragedy
was enacted this morning eight miles
southeast of Tempe, when Charles Bauer
shot and killed Charles Kinstler for an
attack on Mrs. Bauer. After the shoot
ing Bauer went at once to Mesa City,
gave himself up, the Coroner and jury
repaired to the scene, held an inquest and
rendered a verdict exonerating. Bauer
from blame.
For a long time Bauer had suspected
Kirstler and about a month ago he saw
the latter pursuing the woman. Kinstler
was then ordered to never enter the hou&«
again, c Friday night Mrs. Bauer was
weeping, and en T.eing pressed for an ex
planation she told Bauer that Kinstler
had repeatedly used violence toward her
in his absence.
On Saturday Bauer came to Phoenix in
tending to prosecute Kinstler, but failed
to find him, and was persuaded by a
friend to do nothing that would cause a
scandal. From here he went to Mesa
City and bought a pistol. A nephew of
Bauer named Adams on Saturday night
noticed his depression and arranged a
hunting trip for Sunday. He knew noth
ing of the trouble between Bauer an-1
Xinstler and Sunday morning drove up
to th<; house with the latter in the wagon,
having invited him to join them. When
the Bftuer family saw Kinstler in the
wagon Bauer secreted himself in a closet.
Adams came to the door and was told
Bauer was not at home. He reported to
Kinstler, who ran to the door and knock
ed. Mrs. Bauer opened it and Bauer cams
out of the clcsct and fired three times at
Kinstler, killing him almost instantly.
MANCHUEIAN TBEATY
NOW UNDER DISCUSSION
Chinese Plenipotentiaries Do Not
Evince Any Eeadincss to Com
ply With Bussia'n Policy.
PEKING, Dec. 22.— The first discussion
of the Manchurian treaty between Paul
Lessar, the Russian Minister here, and
the Chinese plenipotentiaries. Prince
Chir.g and Wang Wcnshao, occurred here
yesterday. Prince Chsng and Wang Wen
shao displayed much less compliance' with
the Russian policy than had the late Li
Hung Chang. They urged the following
substantial modifications:
First, the stipulation of an early date for the
withdrawal of all Russian troops from Man
churia except the railway guard, the number
of which should be limited.
Second, they opposed the paragraph restrain
ing China from increasing the number of her
troops in Manchuria without consulting Rus
sia, contending that China must be at liberty
to maintain whatever force was necessary in
Manchuria to preserve order there. I
Third, they request that an early date bo I
fixed for returning the now Chwang-Shan Hal I
Kwan railway ar.fl a considerable reduction of j
the Indemnity claimed by the Russians for re
pairing and maintaining the railway.
Fourth, the Chinese plenipotentiaries opposed
giving Russia a monopoly of future mining con
cessions In Manchuria.
Prince Ching has received a long tele
gram from Chang Chi Tung, Viceroy of
Hankow, exhorting him to maintain the
sovereignty of China and Manchuria.
WASHINGTON GOVEENOB
IS SEBIOUSLY ILL
Executive of the Northwestern Stale
Suffers From Severe Attack
of Pneumonia.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 22.— An Olympla
special to the Ledger says: Governor
Rogers is confined to his home with an
attack of pneumonia. His physician says
he is Berlousiy ill, but that his condition
has not reached a point to cause great
alarm.
Labor's Condition Improving.
ALBANY, N. Y., Dec. 22.— The condi
tions of employment among the members
of labor organizations In New York State
during the quarter ending September 30
last, says State Labor Commissioner John
McMackin in his quarterly bulletin, were
unusually good; in fact, only onge in the
past five years have they been surpassed
in the same s/ason. The average number
of days worked in the third- quarter was
67 in 1S00 and 70 in 1901. The average quar
ter-year earnings for men In 1901 were ?12
more than in 1900.
Normal School Pupils Dropped.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 22.— Twenty pupils of
the State Normal School were dropped
Friday by the faculty of the school
because of their low standing in the
classes. During the past week the stand
ing of all the schoLirs was gone Into,
and those who were lacking were notified
that they need not return on the resump
tion of school after the holidays. The
ax fell promiscuously In all the classes,
and there were many bitter tears. Prom
ises on the part of the pupils to work
harder and pleadings were of no avajl as
the faculty was obdurate. '_..--
Woman Kills Her Drunken Husband.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Dec. 22.— Near Varn
vllle Mrs. Phillips killed her husband,
John Phillips, who, it is said, in a drunken
condition had attempted to take her life
and that of her son. Phillips fired at the
woman, who fled into the yard, where she
seized an ax, killing him instantly. The
Coroner's jury exonerated Mrs. Phillips.
Serious Riots at Budapest.
LONDON. Dec. 22.— A dispatch to the
Times from Vienna says that during riots
at Budapest last Saturday more than
100 shots were fired and 200 persons were
arrested. •* .- -
• - -..,- ■■■■■ -.-. ■■;■: « •■ -■ -' ?■■,' ■■■ -r. . ■■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, .1901.
QUAINT ANP ANCIENT CEREMONIES
ATTEND THE UNION OF SYNAGOGUES
Holy Scroll of Nevah Zedak Is Transferred to Beth Menahim
Streisand With Prayers, Song and Rejoicing— A- New
Temple on Russ Street to Be Outcome of the Union
REVERENCE, ceremony and pomp
were the features of the exer
cises which marked the official
offering of an amalgamated Jew
ish church to the orthodox He
brew community of the south side of the
city yesterday afternoon.
The ecclesiastical union of Beth Mena
chim Streisand, the synagogue on Minna
I street, and Nevah Zedek, the temple on
i Mission street, was finally brought about
not without effort and coaxing on the part
of those who believed that in unity was
strength and life and the assurance of a
perfect foundation. The accomplishment,
therefore, of the union between the two
churches was sufficient to draw together
the still powerful element of orthodox
Judaism, and through and with the aid of
the amalgamation is to be erected one
church, the land for which has been pur
chased on Russ street, between Sixth and
MGR. CHAPELLES
HEARTY WELCOME
New Orleans Greets the
Archbishop's Home-
coming.
NEAV ORLEANS, Dec. 22.— Archbishop
Chapelle, who returned home late last
night, was met by a league committee, of
laymen and priests, headed by Mayor
Capdeville, and escorted to the new house
presented to him by the diocese. To-day
there was a formal reception and speeches
were made by the Mayor and Associate
Justice O. O. Provosty, in which a Cardi
nal's hat for the Archbishop was pre
dicted. The Archbishop, in reply, said he
could not discuss his mission, but assured
his people that he would rather be Arch
bishop of New Orleans than Emperor of
Russia. In the course of his speech th-j
Archbishop said:
The mission confided to me was difficult and
delicate and, t-o far as I was concerned, un
sought." Uy desire of the Holy Father and of
President McKinley I was In Paris for three
months during the negotiations between the
Hls'janio- American commissioners. After my
return from Cuba and Porto Rico. President
McKinley and the Holy Father wished me to
go on a similar mist-ton to the Philippines.
When I reached Manila, although I wad
somewhat acquainted with the situation there
from documentary evidence which I had care
fully studied previous to my departure, I real
ized that the problems confronting me were
dlfflci.lt, but I felt that a* solution for them
could be found. I am convinced that under
the guidance of President RooseveltJtwho is a
man believing that the decalogue holds good In
politic? as well as in private life, we shall,
find a solution to these problems. ■ The church
will be reorganized according to the necessi
ties Of the new conditions; the people will be
come prosperous and we will bring: peace,
order and liberty to that immense archipelago,
the key to the Orient.
Biography of John Sherman.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, Dec. 22.—Ex-Con
gressman Kerr. one of the executors of
the will of the late John Sherman, is
writing the biography, of the distin
guished statesman. Senator Sherman set
aside $10,000 for the purpose. Kerr says
that one of the interesting things that
the task has developed Is that Senator
Sherman was very careful to keep every
letter received by him from prominent
persons in this and other countries. These
Include many letters on important events
in the nation's history.-'- • • -*■ ■ — - - ;
Seventh. It is to be a temple capa
ble of accommodating 1500 people, and
while architecturally it will possess all
the features of the Oriental type #f build
ing it is to be completely modern in in
ternal arrangement. .
It was looking toward the establishment
then of such a temple that induced yes
terday's -enthusiasm in the staid, every
day quiet, business neighborhood of Min
na street, where windows were hurriedly
thrown up and folks looked out upon the
patriarchal procession bearing the holy
scrolls, which were being transferred
from Nevah Zedek to Beth Menachim
Streisand. Perhaps never before in the
history of the city has a scene so quaint
been enacted. As carriages drew up to
the doors of the Minna street temple a
crowd encircled them. Then came from
the vehicles rabbi and layman bearing
the precious scrolls, whereon is writ the
Ten Commandments. In the measured
and chanting procession were the Revs.
M. Samuelson Markovitz. Berraan and
Sommer and Messrs. A. Shenson, Gordon,
"Wakstock, Sllverstein, Danl!ovitz, Kenigs-
KITCHENER SENDS
LONG COMPLAINT
Continues to Accuse the
Boers of Murdering
Natives.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The War Office has
issued another long dispatch received
from Lord Kitchener detailing the mur
ders of natives by the Boers. One case
is given of a wagon driver who was cap
tured from a British convoy In 1900 and
burned alive.
Telegrams from South Africa still refer
to the probable decision of the Boers to
surrender, but a dispatch to the Daily
News from Volksrust declares the Boers
are determined to continue the war, and
that their recent conferences have been
with the object of planning a summer
campaign.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Syd
ney announces that Joseph Chamberlain,
the Colonial Secretary, has telegraphed to
the Right Hon. T. Barton, Prime Minis
ter of the Commonwealth of Australia, to
the effect that the British Government
would be pleased to receive a levy of 1000
men for service in South Africa. Thi3
will be the first federal contingent to go
to South Africa, Premier Barton having
previously declined to offer men unless
the Government asked for them.
Cervtemgtri
denrvty sachets
will b© honored in
over ISO Atora^*m
tKo United Stales
Salesroom. 200?ostst
W.M.&mUK A^etvl
SCENES AT CEREMONIES AT
TENDANT UPON UNION OP
JEWISH CONGREGATIONS.
berg, Herscheson, Levin, Shapiro and
Liberman. The clergy^and the gentlemen
carrying the scrolls proceeded to the al
tar and placed them behind rich velvet
canopies. As one the whole of the big
congregation rose, and the Rev. Hyman
Samuelson delivered a benediction. Ad
dresses from the candle-lighted altar fol
lowed, the principal eulogists being the
Rev M. A. Markowitz, former minister of
Nevah Zedek; Rabbi Bermin, Samuel J.
Levy and J. Ascheim, grand secretary of
the Independent Order of B'nai B'rith.
Mr. Ascheim eloquently reminded the con
gregation that, while there unofficially,
he upheld orthodoxy, the preservation of
which was in the keeping of those two
churches which had joined hands. He ad
vised duty above all things and an indul
gence one with the other. There was
room there for the orthodox synagogue,
notwithstanding the synagogues that were
situated in the opposite side of the city.
After the religious ceremonies there
was a gathering of friends, and refresh
ments were enjoyed much after the man
ner of a 'feast. Music was provided by
members of the Hebrew "Orphan Asylum.
When erected the new synagogue will
be known as Cneseth Israel (Congregated
Israel). The officers are: Aaron Shenson,
president; E. Gordon, vice president;
Isaac Baer, secretary, and S. Lichten
stein, treasurer. The Rev. H. Samuelson
will remain with the united congregation,
j. Simon, S. Axlerod, H. Kramer, A. Bie
denfeld, S. J. Levy, S. Altfleldt, S. Sloss,
B. Shapiro, A. Goldblatt, J. 'Davis and
S. Glazer have been elected trustees.
The following named ladles have formed
themselves into a committee to aid the
building fund, and have announced that
alreadv subscriptions to . the , amount of
$1000 have been received by them: Mrs. J.
Coleman, Mrs, J. Laber and Mrs. S.' Solo
mon.
N. W. Friedman will act as secretary
to the committee.
QUEEN AI/EXANDBA IS
SLIGHTLY INDISPOSED
Journey of the Royal Party to San
dringham for the Holidays Is
Postponed.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The court circular
announces that the journey of King Ed
ward and . Queen Alexandra to Sandrlng
ham, where they were to go to spend
Christmas, has been postponed in conse
quence of a slight indisposition of Queen
Alexandra. It is understood her Majes
ty'* Indisposition Is not serious. King Ed
ward took luncheon to-day with the
Prince and Princess of Wales at York
House. / .
At Cut Rates.
We have a large as-
sortment for selection
Albvms from . , $1.50
Perlvme Atomizers from .25c
Ladies' Pocket Books from. . . . .25c
Pcrlvmcs , in fancy boxes from . . 25c
Celluloid Toilet Sets from. ... . $2.00
Ebony Toilet Sets from .$2J>0
Roger & Gallet's Perfumes from . . 75c
Collar and CuK Boxes from. . . ,75c
Necktie Boxes from. . . . . .75c
Opera Classes and Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
■up
KILLS STRANGER
IN A SALOON
Patron of Placer County
Man Is Shot
Down.
With Cigarette in His Mouth
the Victim Falls
Lifeless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Dec. 22.— A quarrel In Wil
liam Rowe's saloon, in the Rock Creek
district, resulted in a tragedy this after
noon. A stranger whose name is thought
to have been R. Mitchell was killed by a
bullet.
Rowe did the killing and claims it was
a case of self-defense. He says he got
Into a fight with two strangers and one
of them pulled a pistol and shot him
through the hand. Rowe then drew his
gun and one of his assailants ran. Tho
second man came toward him with a
chair and Rowe shot him through the
heart. So thoroughly did the bullet do its
work that the man fell dead with a light
ed cigarette still in his mouth. A letter
on the dead man's person bears the name
of Mitchell. The victim has the appear
ance of a man who never done manual
labor. His partner cannot be found.
Rowe gave himself up to the Sheriff. He
is 55 years old and recently was married.
LABOR AND CAPITAL
TAKE FORWARD STRIDE
John Mitchell Speaks of Benefits Ra
s tilting From Civic Federation
Meeting.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 22.— John Mitch
ell, president of the United Mine Work
ers of America, who has just returned
from the East, where he attended the
arbitration meeting called by the Na
tional Civic Federation In New York,
said:
I recard that mectlnjr as the greatest step
toward harmonizing labor and capital that has
ever been taken in America. There is no doubt
in my mind as to the feasibility of the plan
and I have no doubt that It will bear fruit.
When such men as Senator Hanna and Mr.
Schwab meet the labor leaders of the country
In an effort to bring about means for a com
promise it shows a good feeling en the part
of capital for labor.
Asked his opinion on the present short
age of coal throughout the country^ Mr.
Mitchell said:
The shortage Is largely — in fact, almost sjn
tlrely — due to the lack of means for transport
ing the coal from the mines. It is impossible
to get cars. The great activity in other
branches of industry this fall has taken the
cars to other lines of work. As soon as a suf
ficient number of cars can be regularly en
gaged- coal will be Dlentiful.
■Fn-R.ATTF.-R. CLAIMS BIGHT
TO SUPPORT HIS FRIENDS
Makes No Other Comment Begarding
His Campaign Against Sena
tor Hanna.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 22.— Senator Fora
ker arrived here to-day from "Washington
to spend the holidays. He said he would
not visit Columbus— at least until after
the Legislature convenes on January 6.
As Senator Foraker's successor is to be
elected on January 15, the joint Repub
lican Senatorial caucus will be held dur
ing the second week of next month.
"While there is no opposition to his re
election, the fight continues between his
friends and those 'of Senator Hana for
the control of both branches. Senator
Foraker was not inclined to discuss the
contest, but he insisted that any one had
a right to be a candidate for any posi
tion and that he, the same as others, had
a right to support his friends.
Kills His Son-in-Law.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 22.— John "W. Moore,
an old soldier, shot and killed his son-in
law, Thomas Mawhlnny, at the latter's
home in Bellevue to-day. Mrs. Mawhlnny
told her father ,that her husband had
abused her and' called her vile names.
Moore went to Mawhlnny's home, called
him to the door and without any parley
shot him. Moore gave himself up, re
marking that Mawhinny had driven his
first wife to suicide, but could not do the
same with his daughter.
Withdraws Charge Against Italian*.
LONDON, Dec. 23. — A dispatch to the
Standard from Rome says that the Ital
ian Foreign Office has been informed that
the Consul General of the United States
to Cairo, Egypt, John G. Long, has with
drawn his charge that the Italians have
encouraged slave trading In the Italian
colony of Eriterea.
Sewell's Condition Improves.
CAMDEN, N. J., Dec. 22.— United States
Senator Sewell continues to rest comfort
ably at his home In this city. His physi
cians say that he shows a slight Improve
ment and that he is able to take consid
erable nourishment.
No Underground Telegraph.
LONDON, Dec. 23. — The Marquis of Lon
donderry, Postmaster General, replying: to
a memorial from the London Chamber of
Commerce, says that the present condi
tion of the nation's finances precludes the
laying of underground telegraph lines to
the provinces.
Utica Block Destroyed.
UTICA, N. Y., Dec. 22.— The four-story
building known as the Reynolds block,
at the corner of John and Catharine
streets, was destroyed by fire to-day.
Loss $287,000, Insurance $208,000.
Gift to British Nation.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The Prince of "Wales
presided at a meeting of the Governors
of the Imperial Institute yesterday. It
was decided to present the Institute to
the nation.
Cracksmen Loot County Safe.
ATWOOD, Kans., Dec. 22. — The safe in
the County Treasurer's office was blown
open early to-day and $1500 taken. The
cracksmen escaped.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
WOODLAND. Dec. 22.— George D. Ste
phens, a resident of Yolo County since
1850,' died unexpectedly this morning at
his residence near Madison, after an ill
ness of only a few days. Stephens was a
brother of the late John D. Stephens, and
a man of considerable wealth. He was
vice president of the Bank of Woodland
and one of the most extensive farmers In
the county. Stephens leaves a wife and
eleven children.
Justice David McAdam.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Justice David
McAdam, aged 63, of the Supreme Court
of this State, died to-day at a private
sanitarium in this city from cancer of the
tongue. A wife and four sons survive
His term of office would have expired Del
cember 21, 1904. Justice McAdam was the
author of many legal works.
Stephen Cluskey Cromwell.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22-Ste P hen Clus
key Cromwell, a native of Washington
and for twenty years one of the bestl
known newspaper men here, died to-dav
onfehnd^" 5 - He lGaVeS k wWowHSd
The electrical Industry of Gennanv no
cording to consular reports, consumes fo I
000 tons of copper annuallv (\r tVC
amount only SOCO tons, or aboui one-tMr
teenth, are produced In the German e£
DRAINS VEINS
TO END HIS LIFE
Deliberate Suicide of a
Man Sfiort ia His
Accounts
Slashes a "Wrist aivd Then
Awaits Slow Comiiig of
Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Dec. 22.— John W. Tarr. for
many years a trusted employe of Henry
T HiECglnbotham, the horseman, com
mitted' suicide last night in a most delib
erate manner. He went to a lodging
house, and after locking the dcor toa^a
knife and opened an artery and veins fin
his wrist. With the other hand he hei<! a
basin to catch the blood, ana sitting down
on the side of the bed slowly bled to
death.
When found this morning the body was
on the floor by the side of the basin of
blood. The man must have lingered In a
semi-conscious state a. long time, even
after he had slowly drained his veins.
Tarr had been discovered short in his
accounts, and failing to raise the missinsj
money he sent a note to his former em
ployer announcing his intention to end
his life A search was made last Tufru
for him but he evaded his friends. He lot:
a note stating that he was alone respor.
sible for his end, but in one written
earlier he attributed his fall to women
associates. Tarr had good connections
and had been more or less prominent in
fraternal orders. He was comparatively
a young man, was a widower and leaver
two children.
Sampson and Cook Better.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The condition
of Rear Admiral Sampson is better than
it has been for several days past and ((
the cold weather moderates he hopes to
be able to resume outdoor exercises. Can
tain Francis A. Cook, formerly com
manding officer of the Brooklyn at Sac
tiago, was better to-day. However, it will
be some time before he recovers from th-j
severe attack of stomach and heart trou
ble with which he Is suffering. 1
Funeral of Judge Osborne.
BLAIR, Neb.. Dec. 22.— The remains o!
Judge L> W. Osborne, late Consul General
to Samoa, arrived at his home last night.
The funeral will be held Monday, under
the auspices of the Knights Templar. The
Grand Army post will attend in a body aa
a guard of honor. The body will lie in
state to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K
A Sensible |
Xmas
Present. |
...WE SELL...
4
...AND...
Shoe Orders.
OUR STOCK IS
COMPLETE.
Every sort of SHOES and SLIP-
PERS, for Men, Women and Chil-
dren, at BOTTOM PRICES.
We Lead In
1 Children's Footwear. |
Buy Your Shoes Here.
Lippitt & Fisher \
945 Market St. i
OFEN EVENINGS,
i WE GIVE RET) OR GREEN TRAD- '■
ING STAMPS.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY tor MEN
MORAION BISHOP'S PILLS
have bo en In use over fifty
years by tho leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cora tho
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of Belf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Inaom
nla, Pair.3 In Back. Evil Destrea. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. fmw -^ Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner »^fj vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are *-^ . Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CBHT9 ncy to every func-
tion. Don'f get despondent; a cure la at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60o a box; 8 to'
(2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or I
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. ,40 Kills st *
Ban Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO ik
and 40 Third st. "
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
$HusEun of flHflToiayJ
A 'j3l w TI 1j La iS es l Anatomical Museum in th« \
V KSfek World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
© #£?c?| '•Pecia.istoo the Coast Ese. 36 years. j>
4 5|3£* h DR. JCRDAM-DISEASES OF MEN Q
A I W^/H Consultation free and strictly private. \
V B cfvk li Troatment personally or by I-tter. A fi
1 3 » IIP •""«<»• CW« ia eyery case undertaken. T
5 r rf IIW w nte for Book. PniLOSUPn Y of A
\'l JITM*HaiA«K. MAILSD FREB. (AT
A ii li' valuable book far mm) \
r DII. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Marict St.. S V f
§DR. MEYERS & CO,
SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
Established 1SS1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
— SAN FRANCISCO. CAI»
BADWAy'3 KEADY EKtlEl' feas atoSt
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as .1
j Tain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
I cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headacha, Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Boivel Pains. AH druggists.REBELS ACTIVE
AROUND MANILA
Goverror Refuses to Ex-
tend Military Rule to
Provinces. *
Soldiers and Scouts Engage
Insurgents and Kill
Twenty-Eight.
MANILA. Dec. 22.— General Chaffee has
recuested that the province of Tayabas
ht again placed under military rule ow
i:.g to the concentration there of insur
gents from the provinces of Laguna and
liiitangas, who are fleeing from the Amer
icans under General Bell. Acting Gover
nor Wright has refused the request, be
lieving that the constabulary operating
with the garrison will be sufficient to pre
serve order in Tayabas.
General Davis, with the concurrence of
General Wade, the department comman
der, has made a similar request for the
is-establishment of military rule at Misa
m!s. island of Mindanao, in order to fa
cilitate the suppression of the aggravat
•ing disaffection prevailing there.
It is reasonable to expect minor dis
turbances during the approaching dry
season after the harvest is gathered, as
ihe people of the provinces will 'then be
t:iio<^;upied.
Two native priests and two Presidentes
have been arrested for aiding the insur
gents. In addition to this a charge of
counterfeiting is made against them, an
outnt for making bogus money having
been found concealed behind the altar of
a church where the priests officiated.
Commissioner lde, who has been sick
for a week, is going to the hospital. His
•sickness is the result of overwork. All
the Commissioners are working very
hard. The absence of Governor Taft crip
ples the efficiency of the government.
The newspapers are agitating the ap
pointment of an additional lawyer on the
ccrumisslon.
The transport Meade reports having en
countered a typhoon, during which three
of her boats and hatches were smashed
and her cargo damaged. There were sev
eral accidents to her engines and ice plant
during the passage.
Troops Defeat the Insurgents.
Captain John S. Park Jr., with thirty
men cf the Twenty-first Infantry, encoun
tered sixty insurgents last week at Ala
minoa, in Laguna Province. Four of the
enemy were killed, several guns were cap
tured and their barracks were destroyed.
General Bell, who Is in command of tha
American forces in Batangas Province,
Luzon, has praised Lieutenant James D.
U Ufora, who while scouting with Troop D
of the First Cavalry routed an insurgent
force in that province.
Lieutenant Tilford located a rebel
stronghold on top of a hill near the town
of Batangas. He surrounded the enemy
under cover of night and attacked them
at daylight. Their surprise was complete.
Nineteen insurgents were killed while at
tempting to escape. Lieutenant Tilford
captured sixteen rifles and live hundred
rounds of ammunition.
A detachment of scouts of the Second
Infantry also had a email engagement
with the insurgents, in which they killed
nine men and captured four.
Lieutenant John D. Hartman of the
First Cavalry during an expedition en
countered the enemy six separate times
without losing one of his men. He de
stroved several barracks.
Army Expenses Are Still Heavy.
Every effort to decrease the expenses
of the American army in the Philippines
is having little effect owing to the in
crease of army stations, due partly to the
activity of the insurgents on the Island
of Samar, in Batangas and Tayabas prov
inces and in other places, and also to the
establishment of municipal governments
In many towns which has necessitated th«
sending of troops there to preserve order.
General Chaffee, speaking on the situa
tion in the islands, said he considered
the conditions in the Philippines to be
hopeful, and that by the end of February
ail the turbulent provinces will have been
pacified. General Chaffee excepts the Isl
and of Samar, however, which will prob
ably require some months longer. There
the situation demands a policy of rigid
starvation and the giving of food only to
those who surrender or stay In the towns.
The closing of the port in Laguna and
Batangas provinces. In Luzon, ha^ had a
most salutary effect, as the measure ha3
resulted in touching the pockets of the
Manila Filipinos who have been aiding
the insurgents.
The former are anxious now for peace,
and are working to that end. In order to
hasten matters these Filipinos will co-op
erate with the forces under General Bell
In Batangas and Lacuna.
PANAMA COMPANY TOO
LATE WITH ITS PROPOSAL
Senator Depew Says It Could Have
Sold to the United States at
One Time.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— Senator Chauncey
M. Depew, in an Interview to-day, said
that had M. Hutln. former president of
the Panama Canal Company, offered to
sell the canal for $40,000,000, instead of ex
pecting the United States to dicker about
the price, the'TJnited States would prob
ably have bought the property. The Sen
ator said he believed the decision reached
yesterday by the Panama Canal Company
had come too late.
According to a dispatch from Paris on
Saturday the shareholders of the Panama
Canal Company adopted a report which
proposed, among other things, to adopt
as a basis of negotiation for the sale of
the canal to the United States the figrures
and declarations contained in the conclu
sions of the Isthmian Commission's re
port and tojjlve the officials of the canal
company power to close the discussion by
proposing a fixed price.
FAMILY QUARREL ENDS
IN A TRIPLE SHOOTING
Father Seriously Wounds His Son
and Daughter After Being: Snot
by the Former.
HUNTTNGTON. TV. Va.. Dec. 22.—Dur
ing a family quarrel in Central City to
day William Lafferty was shot and seri
ously wounded by his son, Burt Lafferty.
After being Injured the father seized a
fihotgun and shot and fatally wounded the
t?on. Rebecca Lafferty, a daughter, in
terrupted the father when he turned and
fired at her. Inflicting a serious wound.
J^afferty was overpowered and placed In
jalL
I port! on oF U'abor j
* n|11 M Mtf "1 Aj-tudt/of | ' I
I An American Cjirl g 1
1 The Afctt York Sun says: It is the strongest and surest work of a sure and a • |j
strong hand- ||
Illustrated, $1.50 1
F € r q a u n a k^ n Harper & Brothers "ffi^l
LOUBET UNVEILS
BAUDIN STATUE
Prance Honors Memory
of the Faubourg St.
Antome Hero.
Slight Conflicts Occur Be
tween .Nationalists and
Socialista
PARIS, Dec. 22.— President Lcubet un
veiled to-day In the Faubourg St. Antoine
a statue to the memory of Deputy Charles
Baudln, a representative of the people,
who was killed on the barricade of the
Faubourg St. Antoine on December 3, 1851,
the day following the coup d'etat of Louis
Napoleon. Baudin was memorable for the
reply he gave to the workman who re
fused to defend the barricade. To this
man Baudin said:
"You will see how a representative of
the people can die for 25 francs a day."
He then mounted the barricade. The
soldiers fired a volley and Baudin fell
dead.
There was considerable apprehension of
disturbances at to-day's ceremony owing
to the insistence of the Nationalist Presi
dent of the Municipal Council, M. Daus
set, that he be permitted to deliver a
speech, although he was not included in
the official list of speakers. The ceremony
had already been once postponed on ac
count of the attitude of M. Dausset.
The Socialists planned a counter demon
stration to the unveiling to-day. They
gathered in the faubourg, wearing red
flowers in their buttonholes as a party
emblem. Owing to the strong precautions
taken by the police, however, no serious
disturbance occurred, although M. Daus
set and 6ome of his colleagues of the
Municipal Council had a narrow escape
from rough handling. There were sev
eral slight conflicts between Nationalists
and Socialists.
All the French Ministers were present
at the unveiling of the statue. President |
Loubet; M. Fallleres, president off the
Senate; Paul Descanel, president of the '
Chamber of Deputies, and M. Waldeck-
Rousseau, the Premier, made speeches, in
which they eulogized the resistance of
fered by Baudin and his colleagues to the
coup d'etat, holding them up as an ex
ample for the future.
President Loubet said he desired to as
sociate himself publicly with the glorifica
tion of this victim of devotion to the re
public, against which the chief executive
had committed such an odious outrage.
He said he himself had accepted conscien
tious engagements before the National
Assembly which he would never violate,
and that any Caesarian enterprise would
fall in face of the vigilance of the Gov
ernment and the union of the republicans.
This declaration elicited cheers from the
assemblage and cries of "Vive Loubet!"
and "Vive la republique!"
The official party was driving away
when M. Dausset, surrounded by his
friends, approached the statue and deliv
ered a short oration, in which he declared
that he took over the statue in the name
of the city of Paris. His words were
drowned by outcries of the Socialists. M.
Dausset had to be escorted by the police
back to the town hall. • He progressed
amid shouts and countershouts of "Down
•with Dausset!" "Down with the Nation
alist!" while the Nationalists sang the
"Carmagnole."
Many persons were arrested but were
subsequently released.
SPECTATORS APPLATJD
VERDICT OF ACQUITTAL
Montana's Lieutenant Governor and
His Brother Not Guilty of
Assault.
MISSOULA. Mont., Dec. 22.— Lieutenant
Governor Hlggins and his brother, Arthur
Higglns, the State Game Warden, were
acquitted last night of the charge of as
sault In the third degree, preferred by
Theodore Blockley. Blockley was one of
the trio whom the State officers waylaid
and severely thrashed about a week ago.
During the hearing last night attorney
for the plaintiff had occasion to bring the
name of Mrs. Higgins, mother of the
Lieutenant Governor, into the case. The
Lieutenant Governor, white with wrath.
Jumped to his feet. and. shaking his flst
dramatically at the opposing counsel,
called him "a dirty, piratical and petti
fogging lawyer," and exclaimed: "If the
court will not stop you from using my
mother's name in this case I will do It
myself."
The courtroom was crowded to suffoca
tion and the verdict was received with
applause. "
One more charge yet remains against
the belligerent officials— that of assault
In the second degree — preferred by
Charles Booth, another victim.
Squaw Dies at Great Age.
LA CROSSE, WIs., Dec. 22.— Nuc-Se-Ga.
the oldest Indian squaw in the United
States, died at the Winnebago Indian
camp on Barrens Island, opposite this
city, aged 128. She was buried with the
customary ceremonies to-day in the pres
ence of a large number of chiefs from all
parts of the Northwest. She was the
mother of Red Snake and John Sherman,
two of the best known bucks in the Black
River country, and the oldest members
of the Winnebago tribe.
Two Lives Lost in a Fire.
NEW YORK!, Dec. 22.— Isaac Gill, a
tailor, 52 years old, and an unidentified
man lost their lives at a fire that de
stroyed a four-story sweatshop building
in Clinton street to-night. Four persons
were Injured, none of them fatally. ATJout
forty men and ■women were at work in
the building. The fire started in the base
ment and gained such headway that es
cape was cut off. The people jumped from
the windows to save themselves.
Secretary Long Will Not Retire.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.-Secretary
Long's attention having been called again
to-night to reports thtfl he contemplated
resigning from the Cabinet he again au
thorized an ■emphatic statement that such
was not the case. He said there was not
a word of tnfttn In the report and that he
hail not the slightest intention of resign
ing.
Eepew to Soon Become a Benedict.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The wedding of Sen
ator Chauncey M. Depew, who arrived at
Plymouth December 20 on the North Ger
man Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse. and Miss May Palmer has now
been fixed for December 28, at Nice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1901.
GOVERNOR OF MASSACHUSETTS
REFUSES A CABINET POSITION
Letter Sent to President Is Believed to
Contain Crane's Declination.
Special Dispatch, to The' Call.
PITTSFIELD, Mass.,' Dec. 22. — Governor W. Murray
Crane sent a letter to President Roosevelt to-day which
his closest personal friends here say declines the Secre
taryship of the Treasury, which the President offered
to him on Friday.
Governor Crane was seen at his residence in Dalton
this afternoon. He said that he had written to the President
on the offer of the Secretaryship, but declined to state
whether he had accepted or'not. He said that he would leave
Dalton for Boston to-morrow morning. The Governor said
that the contents of his letter would be made public from
Washington.
Governor Crane does not like Washington life and the
fact that his business interests are so large that it would be
difficult. for him to dispose, of them immediately is believed
to have to do with his declining 1 the portfolio. The Gov
ernor h#s been showered with telegrams to-day urging him
to accept the President's call.
STRIKES A BAR
IN MAKING PORT
Car Perry Meets Disas
ter During a Heavy-
Gale.
LUDINGTON, Mich., Dec. 22.— While '
entering Ludington harbor last midnight
during a heavy gale the Pere Marquette
car ferry No. 16 struck a bar, disabling
her machinery, breaking the main feed
steam pipes and letting great volumes of
steam escape. Michael Taft, a coal
passer, was scalded to! death, two other
coal-passers, whose names are unknown,
were terribly scalded and many other3
who were in the hold received bad burns.
Those aboard experienced great hardships
during the nine hours that followed be
fore they were rescued. The accident hap
pened at midnight and during the%re
mainder of the night there was neither
light nor heat on the boat, while the wind
was bitterly cold. Great seas rolled across
the deck and ice formed wherever the wa
ter fell.
The No. 16 arrived off the harbor from
Milwaukee after midnight after a hard
voyage. In spite of the heavy seas and
strong winds Captain Charles Thompson
decided to hazard an entrance to the har
bor.
The boat, at an unfortunate moment,
sank low in the hollow of a big wave and
struck the bar with terrific force, the
shock completely disarranging the ma
chinery. Left without power the car fer
ry drifted against the north pier, where
she pounded heavily until there were sev
eral large holes In her forward quarter.
Captain Thompson ordered the sea cocks
opened and the boat was scuttled in six
teen feet of water.
When day broke the life-savers, by
means of their cannon, threw a line to the
wrecked craft and began rescuing the
crew with their breeches buoy apparatus.
The entire crew of thirty-three men and
the body were taken off the wreck this
morning. One by one the men were haul
ed over the churning ice on the suspend
ed cable. The operation occupied four
hours and was witnessed with breathless
interest by an immense crowd. It is be
lieved that the No. 16 will #cove a total
loss. An attempt will be mace to pump
her out, but unless weather conditions
are perfect it will be almost impossible.
Great banks of Ice surrounded the boat
on all sides.
Boat and cargo are valued at $200,000
and are fully insured.
CURES CHOLERA
AND DYSENTERY
Ann Harbor Professor
Produces a \ New
Antiseptic.
ANN HARBOR, Mich., Dec. 22.— Keen
interest has been aroused in the medical
profession here by reports of a discovery
of unusual importance at the bacteriolog
cal laboratory of the University of Mich
igan. It is stated that experiments by Dr.
irederick G. Novy and Professor Paul 0.
Freer, a chemist, have produced what Is
believed to be an anti-septic for such in
believed to be an antisceptlc for such in
and dysentery.
The preparation has been tried with
success in experiments on small animali
previously inoculated with intestinal dis
eases, and during the past week five med
ical students have been undergoing a
course of experiments with the prepara
tion. It is said that they were restricted
to a diet of sterilized milk, being treated
In the meantime with the new prepara-»
tion, and that repeated chemical analysis
during the period showed the utter de
struction of the intestinal poisons.
Dr. Novy and his assistants positively
decline to discuss the reported discovery
or their experiments for publication.
NEGRO MURDERER HIDES
AWAY IN THE SWAMPS
Kills One Man and Severely Wounds
Another When Taken Into
Custody for Gambling. "^
SPARKS. Ga., Dec. 22.— In attempting
to arrest Henry Porter, a negro gambler,
here about midnight M. J. Klnard was
shot In the right hand and arm and J.
L. Kirby, who went to assist Klnard, was
killed. Then Kinard picked up his pistol
with his left hand and shot the negro
three times. The negro fell, but escaped
to a nearby swamp wounded. About 100
men have been scouring the country all
day. A lynching may result.
- i%
Automobile Meets Disaster.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Veryl Preston,
president of the American Steel Hoop'
Company, ia In Yonkers, suffering from'
serious, injuries received in an automobile
accident last night. Preston, with his
chauffeur and two companions, passed
through Yonkers at a rapid ' pace and at
the northern line of the city the machine
was upset. The occupants were picked up
unconscious and taken to St. John's Hos
pital. All information was refused at the
hospital. • "
Political Feud Leads to Shooting.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 22.— John J. Ryan, a
well-known local political character, was
shot at a late hour to-night while stand-
Ing on a prominent street corner. Ryan
was seriously injured, a bullet entering
the abdomen. The shooting is supposed
to have been the culmination of a political
feud that began in a hotly contested ward
fight several months ago. -i -
ISTHMIAN CANAL PROJECT
WILL NOT BE DISTURBED.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— The adminis
tration is not concerned over the state
ment of a Managua dispatch that the
German Government, under certain con
cessions to a steamship company, claims
the exclusive right to navigate the San
Juan River and Lake Nicaragua, which
form part of the proposed itshmian canal.
. This alleged claim, it is understood, will
not embarrass pending' legislation for the
construction of. the canal, as its settle
ment is a question with which the Nica
raguan Government and the company
claiming the concession will have to deal.
! What you save on
I clothes now can go
for Christmas gifts
We fully believe that our store gives more actual clothing value
fox his money than any other store in San Francisco. These are the reasons for our
belief : The clothing is made by us' in our own workshops. What other dealers
must pay a manufacturer for his profit— which is any way 25 percent — we take and
put into the making and quality of our garments. On this principle our #9 suit
equals in every way the usual $12 suit. We manufacture in large quantities for-our
retail and wholesale stores and thus reduce the manufacturing cost. This, foo,
enables us to sell at low prices. J
No doubt you appreciate saving money now, for this difference can be put
I to a good advantage in buying Christmas presents. I
Remember that pur personal guarantee goes with every one of these suits
and oyercoats and fully protects you. A satisfied customer can have a year's re-
pairing free. A dissatisfied customer. can have his money back.
! Here is a little more about these garments ;
I The Suits The Overcoats
rare made of serges, cheviots, tweeds and- worsteds in are made of black and oxford gray cheviots, blue ker-
solid colors and fancy patterns; all wool: fast-colored: seys and tan coverts; swell, stylish coats, well
our price made and fashionably cut; our price,
! $9,00 «- $9.00
Send us your name £*^ "> T ipL § fi^\ /^^V fj > "'^ C^ Out-of-town orders
and wo will mail you T* 8^ *f%L° WW 1 W i a I B fa) 1 § it ffffe</ for mens or
a booklet on sugges- I . v-.- »► -w^^______^^ w boys'' clothing, fur-
tions for Christmas. . " -^ __ , -■'- s and hats.
! I . 718 Market Street.
FORGERS DUPE
THE RAILROADS
Successfully Print and
Dispose of Many
Bogus Tickets.
Western Lines Lose Several
Thousand Dollars by the
Fraud.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 22.— A gang
of forgers of railroad tickets has been
operating in Kansas City successfully
during the last few weeks according to
H. C. Townsend. of St. Louis, general pas
senger agent of the Missouri Pacific Rail
road, who has been in the city investigat
ing the fraud with the aid of George H.
Foote, secretary of the local passenger
bureau. andJ. A. Stewart, general South
western passenger agent of the Rock
Island. Townsend said of the frauds:
The losses of the 'Western railroads will
amount to thousands, of dollars. There have
been three classes of forgeries. Some days ago
Foote discovered that a bogus perforating
stamp had been used to . Imitate the stamp
that is used to mark the tickets at the Union
Depot. The forgers tried to buy a stamp In
Chicago exactly like the one that is used at
the Kansas City Union Depot to stamp re
turn tickets, but the manufacturers suspected
something was wrong and refused to sell it.
The forgers were not baffled. They bought a
stamp that .is used' in banks for perforating
checks, changed the dies from "paid" to "K.
C. U. D."iand have used It on many forged
tickets. ,
The second class of forgeries ' Included con
ductors' train checks. The bogus ones are
fairly good imitations of the genuine ones, but
they have smooth edges instead of perfora
tions. Wholesale frauds have been commit
ted by using forged livestock contracts, which,
are exchanged for tickets. We have no means
of knowing how many bogus livestock con
tracts and conductors' train checks have been
used. I know that hundreds of fraudulent con
tracts were printed here in Kansas City. We
have evidence to show that a -Kansas City
ticket broker knows something about the for
geries. We have engaged an additional force
of detectives -and hereafter . conductors will
watch carefully for forgeries. The Missouri
Pacific has suffered severe losses', but our road
is only one out of many that has been de
frauded. . . - .
Dozens of the forged tickets have, it is
said, been secured by the railway offi
cials. . :•..<--
FOUND GUILTY
OF CONSPIRACY
Lawyer Sullivan Is Con
victed but Escapes
Imprisonment.
Chicago Jurors Leniently Fix
a Fine as Punishment
for the Crime.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.-The Jury In the
case of Lawyer Alexander Sullivan, on
trial before Judge Abner Smith for con
spiracy to abet a fugitive from justice,
came into court to-day with a verdict of
guilty. As punishment the jury Imposed
a fine of $2000. This carries with it 'no
prison sentence. State's Attorney Barnes
demanded that Sullivan be taken to jail,
bat the court declined to enforce the de- i
mand, and Sullivan was permitted to |
leave the courtroom with his attorneys. j
Sullivan's counsel entered a motion for |
a new trial, which Judge Smith will act ;
upon to-morrow. Should this motion be j
overruled judgment tor $2000 will be en- |
tered against the attorney.
The charges against Sullivan were an
outgrowth of jury bribing scandals in
volving the Chicago courts.
Former Bailiff James J. Lynch, the
principal prosecuting witness in the trial
of Sullivan, was indicted for jury bribing
in December, 1898. At this time Alexan
der Sullivan was the general counsel for
the West Chicago Street Railroad Com
pany. Indictments charging bribery at
other times were found against Lynch.
He fled to Canada, but was induced to
return October 1. He declared that Sulli
van had induced him to bribe jurors. He
told his story to the Grand Jury, and In
dictments for conspiracy to assist and
persuade a fugitive from justice to get
without the jurisdiction of the court and
assisting and persuading the fugitive to
remain without the jurisdiction of the
court were voted against Alexander Sulli
van, Frederick St. John, juaward Maher
and Frank P. Murray. Separate trials
were granted on motion of Maher, and
Sullivan was the first selected to make
answer In court to the allegations In the
indictment. He was arraigned before
Judge Abner Smith. The trial lasted four
weeks and two days.
Many a mother's actions keep her out
of the mother-in-law class.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My RHEUriATISn CURE is Just as
certain to cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of the body the pain may be In
or whether it is acute or chronic.
nUNYON'S RHEUnATlSn CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.-HUNYON.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Core will core may case of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, including
the earliest stages of Bright'* Disease, can be cored
vith Munyon'* Kidney Cure.
M uny on'sCatarrh Cure will cure catarrh of the he id,
throat and stomach, nomatter of how long standing.
Nervous affections anddiseases of the heartareeon-
trolled andcured by Munyon'sNerve andHeartCure.
Munyon's Cold Cure will break upanyformof cold.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price $i. *
The Guide to Health (free) teCs about diseases
and their cure. Get it at any drug store. The Ceres
are all on sale there, mostly at 35 cents a vial.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia. I
KUXTON'S ISn 4LEB CUBES CATABRH.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 J^. Steamers leave Broadway
Bw^ "Wharf. San Francisco: '
tlfcvSFSifc. For Alaskan ports — 11 a.
Iflfc^W ™- Dec - "• 27 - Jan " 1 -
1 I^rSS^J^ Change to company's steam-
: B*aJ5Jra itA? ers ar Seattle.
1 £S5*cS-$*V« For Victoria Vancouver (B.
1 j r**mB£g3eGw C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
1 "* Tacoma, Everett and New
* >il *ft "What com ("Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Dee. 2, 7. 12, tl, 22. 27, Jan. 1. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Dec. 3. 8. 13. IS. 23. 2S. Jan. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Banta Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
eeies) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newnort— Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
**For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. . Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
For " further information obtain th» com-
Pa The 8 company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
W TICKET V OFFI°CE^» New Montgomery
"^GOODAlZ PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Ftanciaco.
O. #?. & N. CO,
Only S««t«tmsl&lx» Xjln* to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST 3E=t-A.'X < :H:S.
8TEAMES TI0XST5 INCLUDE BEETHini MEALS.'
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec 14, 24, Jan. ». U
6S. GEO. W. ELDER
_ Sails Dec. 19, 29. Jan. «. M
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Oen.Agt.. 1 Monty 1 y. g.r.
TOYO EISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling aC
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa
day of sailing.
83. AMERICA MARU ■•..._
Saturday, January 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Va^'hww
Thursday. January 30th. 1903
ss " H5SS!*i£S»»iy; 'F&££r*Ktx'i£i
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
~ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RIW TOBi:. SOUTHAMPTON, LOSDQH, PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. if Philadelphia ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. HI St. Paul. . .;.... Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. 15ISt. Louis Feb. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Jan. 1 Southward ....Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 Vadertand Jan. 29
Friesland Jan. 15l Kensington ....Feb. S
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. T>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
IIP& I1IIIIL.IS S.Ll), ZEALAND A« SYDNEY
S3 SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
' and Sydney.... Thursday. Dec. 26. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti -••;••••
Jan. 4. '02. 10 a. m.
SS ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
* ..• Saturday. Jan. 4, '03. 2 p. m.
j. 0. tf SEMEtS & BEOS. CO., Banarai Igsnts. 327 Hartot St
Ean'l Pasangtr Offia, 643 Markst St., Pier Ns. 7. fccSc tt
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREGr.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40: Meals Frea.
8. S. Leelanaw coil* Monday, Cec. 23
6. 8. Argyll sails Thursday, Jan. 23
6. 6. Leelanaw fq1I» Monday, Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
I TUCAPEL Dec. 23ILOA
I AHEQUIPA ....Jan. 4IPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger orflce. 31tt California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE it CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0HPAGN13 GENERALS TRAK3ATL1HTIQU1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday. Instead oi -ttjiisC*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42,:*»"™^>»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. <7O and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franctsco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY yTrFanT YALLEJ3
Steamera GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8: SO p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallcjo 7 a. m., 12:30- noon, B p.m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a.'m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landlnsr and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. .
i * . E!g OIj a non-polgcraona
.tf^ffigf -. feg?NJ* U remed7 for Gonorrhoea,
4rfVRgH*TT_7r^*3 Gletit, Spermatorrhoea,
>i©25^CURE$ >H White*, unnatunl dis-
*»26y In 1 to ft <J«y*. « charge*, or any inflamma.
ffgfff OwuM u, ** »i?n. irritation or nlcora-
R J v . _,,t«ticm tion of mncooi mem-
|J5|mE»AN8CHEMlC*lCa Sold by Drcgrl*!*,
1^8|ClJIBtllUTl.O •E29H or sent In plain wrapper.
< B2^4>v C. 3. A. t>* express, prepaid, for
«^CX»>K^ »1.00, or 3 bottle*. $2.75.
T^ HI Circular sent on request.
Weekly CaH,$1.00 per Tear
34
MONDAY ...DECEMBER 23, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
LttTtti All CoEGCtie&licci to W. S. LEAKS, Ku&jtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE . Telephone Press 204
PUDLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market *nd Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 io 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, ."» Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postaflrei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
X>AILT CALL (Including Su;.day), « i~onths ».00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months. 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ...~ 65c
6UXDAT CALL. One Year »••• 1-60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 100
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample cobles will be lorwanded whan requested.
Mall subscribers In orderfr-e chanpe of address should be
particular to jive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AKXJLXD OFFICE . 77777777". .... 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE )CKOG\ESS.
Ku&gtr foreign Adrtrtisisf . Kanjuttte Building, Chictgo.
(Long- Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building; :
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
■Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. New» Cc.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140(1 G St., If. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:3D o'clock. 615 Larkin, " open until
J:30 o'clock. 1341 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 FlUmore. open until 9 ji. m.
Grand Ooera-house — "Carmen."
California — "Devil's Auction."
Tivoll — "Little Red Riding Hood."
Central — "The Silver King."
Alcazar — "Charley's Aunt;"
Columbia — "Janice Meredith."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' e — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
HOLIDAY SEASON IN TRADE.
FOR the next fortnight trade will probably be
dull throughout the country. This is the sea
son when the retailer has the field pretty much
to himself and the wholesaler is taking stock. The
latter will not report much activity until the middle
of January, and perhaps not then, if the weather
proves unpropitious. But as a rule the latter part
of January sees a revival in general business. The
present year, however, as previously mentioned, has
reversed the usual conditions, and we have had a
phenomenally lively wholesale trade almost up to
the' close of the year. Even now the jobbers are
doing a good deal more than in former years at this
season, and reorders for clothing and other winter
supplies" are probably more numerous than ever be
fore. As for the retail holiday trade of the country
at large it is extremely heavy, though the recent cold
wave throughout the West has naturally restricted
it. People are not disposed to travel miles across
country to buy holiday presents and other luxuries'
with the thermometer down to 10 and 20 degrees
below zero. Perhaps the cold weather had some
thing to <3o with the falling off in bank clearings last
week, the gain over the corresponding week last year
being only 6.6 per cent. The failures were 265,
against .292 last year.
The staples as a rule are quiet, the exceptions being
wool and woolen goods, boots and shoes, coal and
the other important rcccssaries of the season. The
iron and steel trade keeps up its rapid pace, with all
producing and manufacturing sections reporting
general activity, firm prices, and orders running far
into the coming year. Cars continue scarce, how
ever, and complaints en this account are as numer
ous as at any time during the past two months. But
in spite of this impediment to transportation the rail
roads are reporting an increase in earnings over the
corresponding period in 1900.
Wall street is still more or less unsettled, the gyra
tions of Amalgamated Copper keeping speculators
and investors on the rsgged edge. Copper has been
cut. a good deal of Jctc by sellers, and lead and tin
have been sympathetically affected. Talk of money
stringency, which does not seriously materialize, has
also affected the market, though as a rule when quo
tation* decline one day they recover the. next. Pow
erful interests are behind the market, and they see
to it that the general list of stocks is maintained at
fairly steady prices. There are too many vast enter
prises under sray at the moment to permit any seri
cus decline in Wall stieet if it can be avoided.
The local market remains about the same. The
retail holiday business has been favored by excep
tionally fine weather and the shopkeepers are reap
ing a Christmas harvest. The wholesale trade, as far
as indications go, is as brisk as at any time during
the past six months. Lines that were neglected in
the early fall are now remarkably active, and some
merchants are reporting the best December trade
they ever had. The season continues to extend bril
liant prospects, the banks, both in city and country,
are reporting plenty of loanable funds in their vaults]
collections arc good, and there are no failures suffi
ciently large to cause comment. Whatever may be
the signs elsewhere, there are certainly none unfavor
able in our neighborhood. Prosperity still abides
v/ith us and is expected to for an indefinite period
to come. Even the chronic croaker has gone out of
business and his hoarse voice has not been heard in
the land for a long time.
According to the statistics of the New York
Journal of Commerce the fire losses of the United
States and Canada up to December 1 amounted to
$150,874,050, so it is evident we have had a pretty
hot year of it in some localities.
Ever since the Guildhall speech made by the new
Prince of/Wales the British papers have been speak
ing of his abilities as a statesman, and not one of
them has been so disloj'al as to suggest that some one
else wrote the speech.
How would it do for the House to challenge the
Senate to a football match and rush that Philippine
bill through the Senatorial center before the middle
of January?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1901,
ARMY AND NAVY DISSENSIONS.
FOLLOWING closely upon the censure pro
nounced upon Rear Admiral Evans by the
Secretary of the Navy comes the censure upon
Lieutenant General Miles by the Secretary of War.
Extending over the whole period from the first act
of censure to the second Tan the controversy over
the conduct of Rear Admiral Schley during the* San
tiago campaign. Thus there has been disclosed to
the country and to the world a condition. of affairs
in the highest ranks of the army and the navy which
is discreditable to a service whose honor ought to be
above reproach. >
The very existence of such dissension is itself an
evil so great that it matters little upon which side
most of the blame rests. It is inevitable that the pub
lic will take sides in these controversies. We may
be sure that while some persons will approve the ac
tion of the Secretary of War in censuring General
Miles there will be others who will approve the ut
terances of the lieutenant general and regard the cen
sure pronounced upon him as a wrong done to. his
honor. These partisan differences of opinion will
tend to subject the army and the War Department to
a popular criticism which will not always be fair, and
which will certainly tend to weaken the esteem in
which both have been hitherto held throughout, the
country.
For a long time past there have been frequent re
ports of dissensions in army and in navy circles at
Washington, but while these reports have, been in
directly confirmed by circumstantial evidence they
have hitherto been denied or evaded by the higher
officials of the Government. There has been a care
ful and considerate effort to keep them hidden
from the public and to prevent them from blazing
into open scandals. That cloak of decorum has been
withdrawn by the Secretary of War. In pronouncing
censure upon General Miles the Secretary throws
aside all pretense of an existence of harmony and
says frankly: "The present facts are that for sev
eral years there has been unfortunate and bitter con
troversy in the Navy Department — a controversy
generally deplored even by the participants as tend
ing to bring the service into disesteem at home and
abroad and to destroy those relations of mutual con
fidence and friendship among naval officers which
the interests of effective service require."
That statement from the Secretary of War em
bodied in an official censure upon the lieutenant gen
eral of the army is the most significant that has been
made in any document bearing upon the Schley
controversy. It is an express declaration from the
highest source that the Navy Department is torn by
dissensions which so far affect the minds of officers
of the highest rank as to prevent them from cor
dially co-operating to render the service effective
to the country. In the light of that statement many
facts brought out in the Schley court of inquiry take
on a new meaning.- It will be useless for high offi
cials at Washington to any longer make denials of
the existence of jealousies and antagonisms which,
however petty in themselves, have proven sufficiently
serious in their^ results to justify the Secretaiy of
War in saying They "destroy those relations of mu
tual confidence'' which are necessary to effective ser
vice. \
Such being the condition of affairs, it becomes a
duty of the administration to take steps to remove
the mischief-makers from the positions they now
hold. That such jealousies did not bring disaster and
something of disgrace upon the country during the
late war was due solely to the weakness of our foe.
What would happen should we be involved in a haz
ardous struggle with some first-class power, with one
set of officers trying to prevent another from achiev
ing success?
The story is an ugly one. The country is ashamed
of it. Such dissensions disgrace the service in peace
and endanger the republic in war. Something more
than censure is needed. The men who cause them
should be dismissed from the service. • .
Among the fetes proposed for the coronation of
King Edward is one providing for a grand proces
sion of floats from the Tower to Westminster, like
that which was held when Elizabeth was crowned,
and if carried out it is believed it will be made the
most splendid feature of the celebration and one of
the finest spectacles in history.
KITCHENER'S SIDE OP IT.
SO much in the way of criticism has been pro
nounced in this country and in Great Britain
itseif upon the tactics of Lord Kitchener in
South Africa that it is interesting to note a
review of the situation as presented from the stand
point of Kitchener himself. A correspondent of the
Pall Mall Gazette, writing from Pretoria, 1 presents us
with such a view. It shows the encouraging side of
the British campaign and presents what will probably
be the argument of the Ministry when called upon at
the meeting of Parliament to give an account of the
war.
When he assumed command after the retirement of
Lord Roberts Kitchener found all the towns of- the
country safely garrisoned by "British troops, but the
country itself was overrun by. the Boers, who oper
ated in large commandos and were active and dan
gerous throughout the Transvaal and Orange River
Colony. Kitchener's first move was to capture or
break up ,the more formidable of the commandos.
For that purpose large sweeping movements were in
stituted and a vigorous pursuit of the swift-moving
Boers was begun. Those operations, it is said, have
been entirely successful. The Boers have been scat
tered into small bands and are far less dangerous than
they were. That phase of the campaign, therefore, is
declared to have ended in the success of the British
tactiqs.
A new system of tactics was begun where there
were no longer any large commands of the Boers to
fear. For the purpose of dealing with- the scattered
bands the large movements of the British Were aban
doned, and in place of them was substituted the pres
ent tactics of establishing blockhouses at points of.
vantage all over the country. Here, too, it is claimed
success has been attained. The correspondent says:
"Whereas the enemy during November, .1900, inter
rupted the railway line thirty-two times, there has not
been in the last month a single break. At the present
time over 1600 miles of railway are thoroughly
guarded by blockhouses, and it is believed there is
little danger of any serious disturbance of the line
hereafter."
It is further claimed that the effect of the system
has been to convince large numbers of, Boers that
longer resistance is but a useless waste of life. The
correspondent says: "Civil administration is already
firmly established. Among the surrendered and cap
tured burghers a strong pro-British party has been
formed, which, recognizing the hopelessness of the
Boer cause, is determined to do its utmost under the
new government to further the prosperity of the
country. * * * What now remains to be done is
simply to wear down the Boers still in the field by
constantly harassing them."
It is a significant fact that even this sanguine
presentation of the British side of the case does not
venture to predict an early closing of the war. It
seems to be the opinion at Kitchener's headquarters
that all the Boers who will voluntarily surrender have
already come in, and that nothing more in the way of
gain to the British is to be expected from any further
weakening of the Boer forces in that way. The
patriots who are now in the field are described as
"desperate men, who will fight hard before they are
captured." The correspondent says: "In the opinion
of those best able to judge, the end of the war is dis-
tinctly visible, but it is useless to expect it to be fin
ished by any sudden coup.". H
That statement we may accept as the most encourag
ing view of the war the British Ministry can present
to Parliament when it meets. That it will not be ac
cepted as accurate by the opponents of the Ministry
goes without saying. The reports from South Africa
show an activity on the part of the Boers and a will
ingness to take the aggressive and make attacks upon
British outposts which: argue anything rather than
weakness on their side. It is evident they still hope
for victory and independence, and are not fighting
like desperate men who have no other ambition than
that of continuing to fight for the sake of revenge. -
THE PAN-AMERICAN CONGRESS
SO far as immediate results are concerned the
Pan-American Congress may be accounted a
futile meeting. It has given its sanction to
schemes for a Pan : American bank and a Pan-
American railway, neither of which is likely to en
gage the attention of capitalists for many a year to
come. It has indorsed several other plans and pro
posals which, like the railway and the bank, will be
of little practical value just now. Upon the great
and dominant 'issue of the time, that of providing for
a system of international arbitration that would put
a stop to the wars that disturb the southern conti
nent and Central America, it. has not been able to
accomplish anything. The failure in that effort
means virtually the failure of the session as a whole.
By one of those coincidences which unfortunately
are not infrequent in human history, the effort to
establish peace among the nations of South and
Central America has fallen upon a time when their
disagreements are extensive and acute. The situa
tion between Colombia and Venezuela became criti
cal about as soon as the congress was oalled, and
has become more and more threatening ever since.
Lately the controversies between Chile and Argen
tina have reached such a degree of bitterness among
the two peoples that Avar appears almost inevitable.
In Argentina the people have begun assembling in
mass meetings, denouncing further negotiations and
clamoring for war.
The rivalries of the larger States have stirred the
smaller ones. War between Colombia and Venezu
ela would almost certainly involve Ecuador, and a
fight between Argentina and 'Chile would set the
Peruvians marching to regain the territories which
they claim Chile unjustly^ witKholds from them.
Something like a general conflagration of war is
therefore imminent throughout Latin America, and
under such conditions the delegates to the congress
at the City of Mexico have found themselves unable
to do anything of immediate value to the cause of
peace or the promotion of industry and trade.
Fortunately the value of earnest effort in right di
rections-' is not to be measured wholly by imme
diate results. Something has been gained for the
welfare of Latin America by the mere fact of bring
ing their delegates together in a common congress
to discuss measures for mutual good. This congress
is the result of that called by James G. Blaine to
meet in 1889, and from it there will be sure to come
another congress. By degrees the people of the rival
states may learn to look to these congresses with a
confidence which will give them strength to act
firmly. It may be many years before there is formed
in South America a public opinion sufficiently wide
spread and resolute to sustain a joint congress • in
any pronounced programme for the pacification of
the continent, but in the end that much to be desired
sentiment may be formed.
The people of the United States are nut indifferent
to the Pan-American situation. We are aware of the
immense benefits which would accrue to the people
of South America as well as to ourselves by the es
tablishment of peace and the promotion of American
trade. The influence of our Government will there
fore be steadfastly directed toward helping the peace
party. The completion of the interocean canal will
give us a more immediate and direct interest in their
affairs, and consequently augment the value of our
efforts for peace and prosperity. We may look upon
this, congress, then, as but one in a series that is to
be prolonged far into the future. It will not be wholly
fruitless. Bad as is the' outlook now, its- results may
be found good when their value is measured by the
influence they exert in shaping public opinion and
molding it in the direction of general peace and in
dustry.
Since our Government has announced that Germany
may forcibly collect her claims upon Venezuela by
seizing custom-houses and collecting duties but shall
not under any circumstances despoil Venezuela of a
portion of her territory, it might be supposed the
Venezuelans would look upon us as friends, but it
secmsJhcy do not. Reports from Caracas are to the
effect that since the announcement was made the
semi-official papers of Venezuela have quit attacking
Germany and are attacking us for "assuming sov
ereignty over Venezuelan territory." Such is grati
tude. *'
Some anxiety is being felt over an alleged plot of
anarchists to blow up Auburn prison in revenge for
the execution of the slayer of President McKinley.
It is very evident, if the reports be true, that a few
more human rats of the assassin stripe want to die.
. If Miss Stone had been really earnest and cute in
captivity she might by this time have got those Bul
garian bandits so thoroughly converted they, would
give her a big reduction on her ransom as a Christ
mas gift. ■■ '*■' '•'. .
The Sampson papers are- insisting that in his
minority report Dewey' exceeded the instructions
given the court of inquiry, but all the same he did
no more than come up. to the expectations of the
French diplomats are of the opinion that the Boer
war has upset the finances of Europe. It would be
interesting, if not edifying, to know what else Eng
land thinks the South African struggle has done to
ner/ .;;;,-•..: ■ \-
■ Bebel, the leader of the socialists in the German
Reichstag, wants to send the proposed German tariff
bill to. Hades.. Perhaps he thinks that its authors
might so after it and relieve an awkward situation.' '
THIS FISH, IT IS SAID,
GROWLS AND SNARLS
FRENCH NATURALISTS ARE ENGAGED IN STUDYING A FISH FOUND
IN THE QUEENSLAND RIVERS THAT RESEMBLES THE SALMON,
BREATHES DOUBLY AND MAKES A SNARLING NOISE.
SCIENTISTS are now studying with much interest a very remarkable fish
in the Museum of Natural History in Paris. It is known as the "cerato
dus," or "baramunda," and it is mainly remarkable because until a short
time ago it was suuposed to be extinct.
It is provided with a double means of respiration: in other words, it
breathes through the lungs like most of the bactrachians, and it can also breaths
by means of branchiae, after the manner of an ordinary fish. For a long time
naturalists were doubtful whether animals provided with double sets of respira
tory organs' ought to be classed among fish, but since the discovery of the "cer
atodus" this question has been set at rest, for now it is considered absolutely
certain that animals of this type are genuine fish.
This singular fish is found in Burnett, Dawson and Mary rivers, in Queens
land, being known to the natives there as baramunda and to the colonists as"
the Burnett or Dawson salmon. Its flesh, indeed, looks and tastes like that of
salmon, and hence it is regarded as a. great delicacy.
In size it sometimes attains to six feet in length, though the specimen in the
Paris museuni is less than three feet. Its head is slightly depressed, and In com
parison with its body is rather small; its lower jaw is not prominent; its eyes
are small, and its body is covered with thick -and large .scales. The stomach is
of a- brilliant orange color and its body does not taper off toward me tail quite
as much as is usual in the case of fish.
A French naturalist who has studied the ceratodus says: "The natives of
Queensland declare that this fish frequently raises itself out of the water for the
purpose of obtaining a fresh supply of oxygen, and that it also often makes a
noise like snarling at night. Now, I have carefully watched the specimen in the
Paris museum,' and I can testify that it does raise itself out of the water for the
purpose of breathing. I have not, however, at any time heard it make any
sound resembling growling or snarling, though I have stood near it for several
hours on many a night."
The ceratodus lives mainly on fresh water shellfish, and apparently adapts
itself readily to confinement. The museum authorities in Paris are very proud
of their specimen, not only because the ceratodus has so long been regarded as
extinct but also because in the opinion of competent scientists it is one of the
' first fish that appeared on our globe.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. F. S. Gregory of Yreka is at the
Lick.
" f. E. Shafer. M. D., of Salinas, Is at the
Russ.
"VV. E. Gerber, a banker of Sacramento,
is at the Palace.
C. L.. Neumiller, a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Lick.
Dr. F. J. Shaw of Seattle, Wash., Is a
guest at the Grand.
Dr. D. P. Cameron of Mountain View
is registered at the Palace.
J. W. Drysdale, a mining man of Ma
dera, is located at the Lick.
W. J. Kennedy, a New York business
man, is staying at the Palace.
Barry D. Hilliard, a well-known club
man of Boston, is at the Palace.
James Whitaker, a merchant of Gait,
is a recent arrival at the Occidental.
H. M. Hoyt, a Spokane attorney, is at
the Palace accompanied by his family.
William Pridham, manager for Wells,
Fargo & Co. at Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
S. C. Lowe, resident manager of the
Pasadena Gas Works, is registered at the
California.
Dr. C. A. ■ Clinton has fully recovered
from an illness which confined him to his
home for two weeks.
R. H. Beamer, member of the State
Board of Equalization, is registered at the
Lick from Woodland.
H.' de C. Richards and G. F. Downs,
mining men of Sutter Creek, are regis
tered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Selby Oppenheimer re
turned yesterday from their honeymoon
trip and took apartments at the Califor
nia.
James A. Yerrington, a Carson capital
ist, is at the Palace, having recently re
turned from Buffalo, v/here he had charge
of the Nevada exhibit at the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition.
Appreciates The Call's Aid.
Editor The Call: I have been requested
by the executive board at its meeting this
afternoon to thank you officially for your
kindly editorial of to-day. The article
breathes in every lino the Christian spirit
shown by The Call in Us discussion of
public affairs. Personally I shall never
forget the able and long continued as
sistance of The Call in behalf of the
league. If we succeed— and who can doubt
it when we take into consideration the
patriotism and generosity of Calif ornlans
—I shall insist that due credit be given
to The Call for its magnificent efforts in
behalf of justice to our honored dead. Re
spectfully, W. W. STONE,
President Lincoln Monument League.
San Francisco, December 21.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits ready for shipping. Townsend's. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25c. 639 Market street.*
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. • -
Thousands of flre-etched boxes to select
from at Townsend's, 627 Market, Palace.*
"Useful Xmas presents— finest eyeglasses,
specs, 20c,40c. 81 4th, front barber, grocer. ♦
Black looks are apt to make one feel
blue.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery, street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Two-pound handsome fire-etched box of
California Glace -Fruits, express charges
prepaid to Chicago, New York and East
ern points, $1.35. Time to send now. Thou
sands of packages ready. C39 Market st. •
Many experienced fishermen have gone
to Los Angeles this year to try for the
tuna. Great stories of its -strength and
gameness are told. It is common to play
a tuna half a day with a thirty six
thrdad line.
"The Overland Limited," via Union PaciSlc
•R. R., is the only train making connection In
Chicago with tho fast Expres-s Trair_3 leaving
Chicago in the morning for New York. Bv
this Route you can remain In San Francisco
until 10 a. m-. reaching Chicago eix hours
quicker than on any other Limited Train. This
train runs Every Day in the Year. D. W.
Hitchcock, Gen, Agt.. No. 1 Montgomery st.
S. F. ....
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MARRIED IN SECRET— A Subscriber.
Portland, Or. Persons who secretly mar
ry have to let the secret out some time or
other. A woman who married in secret
could undoubtedly inherit property left
her by her father, but the fact that she
was married would have to be mads
known when the matter came up for pro
bate,.
CHOSEN FRIENDS— Subscriber, Wea
verville, Cal. There is no such organiza
tion at this time as the Order of Chosen
Friends, it having gone into the hands of
a receiver on the 13th of December, 1900.
Since then a number 'of the councils of
that once organization have continued
business under the name of the Home
Friends.
CASIXO— E,, City. In the game of ca
sino should a player^ build up a card to
a certain denomination and his opponent
decline to build It up higher, he, the first
player, may not alter his build, but must
take it with a card of the same denomin
ation. If A holds big casino, nine, five,
and ace, and there is a four on the table
he may build a nine by placing his five
upon the same. If B does not build it
higher, A cannot take his ace and make
it ten, but he must take it with his nine.
RENTING A HOUSE— Rex.. Callahans,
Siskiyou County, Cal. In renting a house
in a city where there is a supply of water
for the inhabitants the matter of the pay
ment of water rates is a question oi ar
rangement between the landlord and the
prospective tenant. In some cases the
rent is so much, water included, and in
others the rent is so much, the tenant to
pay for the water. If a party buys a lot
he would have a right' to dig a well on
his premises, also to build a cistern.
CONGRESS-W. H. S., Alameda, Cal.,
and W. N. T., Crockett, Cal. The reason
that the present Congress is called the
fifty-seventh is that it is the fifty-seventh
since the first opened, March 4. 17S9. Each.
Congress Is for two years and commences
in the odd years. There may be a number
of sessions of a Congress, if specially
called and such sessions are designated by
their number In the term as for Instance
Fifty-fifth Congress, Fifty-fifth Congress,
second session, and so on, but there must
be a session each year. No trouble need
be feared by any who desires to know the
years covered by a given Congress if the
following simple rule is .observed: Double
the number of the Congress and add the
product to 17S9; the result will be the year
in which the Congress closed. To find
the number of a Congress sitting in any
given year subtract 1789 from, the year;
if the result is an even number half that
number will give the Congress of which
the year in question will be the closing
year; if the result is an odd number add
one to it and half of the result will sive
the Congress of which the year in ques
tion will be the first year.
STAMMERING— B., City. Numerous
ways have been devised foi* the cure of
stammering, such as drawUng. singing,
Interpolation or elisions of titters, speak
ing with the teeth closed or with the
tongue pressed to the roof of the mouth,
sniffling, whistling between words, beat
ing time to utterance, stamping the foot,
jerking the body, forks on the tongue,
pebbles in the mouth or tubes fixed be
tween the organs, bands compressing the
larynx and other devices, but they have
not proved satisfactory. The cure is not
within the province of surgery. The hab
it of stammering can be counteracted only
by cultivation of Its opposite habit of cor
rect speaking, and this can be acquired
only by due regard to the process of
speech, the relation of breath to articu
late sounds, the positions of the tongue
and other oral organs In molding the out
ward stream of air, and by patient ap
plication of these principles in slow and
watchful exercises. The lungs constitute
a pair of bellows, and the mouth, In all Its
varying shapes, the nozzle of the bellows.
The passage of the throat must be kept
open. and the breath expelled by means of
ascent of. the diaphragm, not by down
ward, pressure of the throat. All sounds
originate in the throat, and all efforts in
speech must be thrown back behind the
articulating organ?, -which must bo kept
passive, yielding to the air, always open-
Ing to give it exit and never resisting it
by ascent of the tongue or of the jaw
The head must be held firmly on the neck
to give free play to the attached organs
The great principle must never be lost
sight of that speech is breath, and that
while distinctness depends on precision
and sharpness of the oral actions^ fluencv
depends on the unrestrained elusion n f
the material of speech— the air That we
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, choicest Wlntei
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate
boating, bathins. fishing and most amuse'
msnts. E. S. Babcock. manager. Coronado. CaL
* • .
OLD MONITORS
OUTLIVE THEIR
USEFULNESS
Three old monitors— Catskill, Mahopac
and Manhattan— are to be sdd. They were
built in 1863-64 and have long outlived their
usefulness, as their general "construction,
engines, guns and armor are tbsolete. The
Catskill and Manhattan participated in
several bombardments and engagements,
and carry the scars from Confederate
Brook and Armstrong projectiles, in
■which, however, the Montauk, another
monitor, has the distinction oX having
been hit forty-six times. The Catskill had
its captain, G. W. Rodgers, and assistant
paymaster, "Woodbury. killed in the sec
ond attack on Fort Fisher. August 17.
1S61. The Mahopac was completed too
late to render any service. Since the close
of the Civil "War all the monitors have
been almost constantly tied up at the na
vy yards, a source of expense in the mat
ter of repairs and care-taking, but no se
rious attempt was made to preserve their
usefulness until the recent war with
Spain. New boilers were put in the Ma
hopac and Manhattan, the cost of which,
with overhauling of the old trip-hammer
engines, aggregated over $210,000. It was^
a sheer waste of money, as the speed of
these vessels does not exceed six knots,
and their guns and armor are forty years
behind the times. They will now be sold
for the value of the material less the cost
of breaking up, on which the Navy De
partment may realize one-tenth of tho
money expended since 1898 unles3 the boil
ers are taken out and utilized In other
vessels or shops in navy yards.
• * • • •
Improvements have been made In the
French 'submarine boat Espadon, of the
Narval type, by which she can be Im
mersed and raised with, dispatch. Recent
trials have taken place at which, the boat
reached a depth of twenty-six feet In Ies3
than eight minutes and came to the sur
face In eight seconds.
• • *
The Lansquenet, a seagoing torpedo
boat in the French navy, la to be sold for
the price of old metal, after a brief exist
ence of eight years. She was built in
1893, Is of 1CS tons displacement and at
tained a speed of 26 knots with, 2S0O horse
power. The boat has been laid up for a
long time owing to inherent defects in
machinery, and there ara a number of
others in the same fix.
« * *
One hundred and thirteen torpedo-boat
destroyers have been built and completed
for the British navy since- 1SD3. They werjej
built by fourteen firms, of which, Lairflp
Brothers constructed 19, Thornycroft and
I Palmer each 16, Thomson 12, Hawthorn
and Falrfleld 9 each, Barrow 8, Doxford 6,
Yarrow 5, Earle 4, Elswick and "White 3
each, Hanna 2 and Thames Iron "Works 1.
Two of the above boats built by Elswick.
namely, the Viper and Cobra, have been
lost. The most successful builders appear
to have been Laird, Thonrycroft, Yarrow
and Palmer, which have built a number
of destroyers for foreign navies with, nni
fonnly good results.
The Bachante, a 12,000-ton armored
cruiser, built at Glasgow for the British
navy, is at this time making: her steam
trials, which consist of the following se
ries: Eight hours' preliminary trial;
thirty hours' coal consumption trial under
one-fifth power: thirty hours* coal con
sumption under four-fifths power, and
closing with eight hours under full power.
The guaranteed speed is twenty-one knots
with 21.000 horsepower for eight hours.
The keel of the Bachante was laid Febru
ary 15, 1SD0. and she is intended to be com
pleted next spring, making the period of
construction about three years.
Torpedo boat No. 108, built by Thorny
croft for the British navy, had her steam
trials November 23 and averaged 23.44G
knots during three hours with 27S0 horse
power. The boat is of ISO tons displace
ment, contract speed 23 knots, and will
cost complete with armament $112,000.
Somewhat similar boats in the United
States navy are the Rowan of. 1S2 tons and
27.071 knots speed, built at Seattle two
years ago at a completed cost of $196,
515 03, and the Nicholson and O'Brien of
174 tons and 2G knots. The two latter were
built by Lewis Nixon at Elizabethport, X.
J., at a contract price of $165,000 each, and
were recently accepted by the Navy De
partment.
• • •
The recent discovery of frauds at Se
bastopol were made in a curious way. A
contractor had agreed to furnish coal to
the Black Sea fleet at $7 23 per ton. and in
the hope that the price would fall he al
lowed several months to pass without de
livering any part of his contract. Prices
continued to rise and he -applied to Rear
Admiral Theodosieff of the station for
cancellation of contract and return of hig
deposit, which were refused. Finding
himself in a tight place, he determined to
betray the officials who with him had de
frauded the Government in previous con
tracts. In a letter to Theodosieff he ex
plained prior methods and named, among
others. Staff Captain Gaviloff and the
secretary of the Naval Supplies Depart
ment at Batoun, whom he had bribed. He
then fled the country. The accused offi
cers were tried, convicted and sentenced
to banishment, imprisonment and forfeit
ure of all property and personal and civil
rights.
• • •
The first contract for war vessels given
to private builders in Japan was signed
last month, when the Kawasaki Company
at Kobe agreed to build two first-clasa
torpedo-boats for the Japanese navy. The
price is about $200,000, equal to that paid
for similar boats in England and Ger
many, but -with ' thia advantage — that the
money is circulated where it is raised,
home Industry is developed and a costly
and hazardous voyage of 11,000 miles is
made unnecessary for delivery of the ves
sels. •
• • •
For the first time in the naval history
of Italy has that country turned out all
the machinery necessary for a war vessel
of Italian material and manufacture. The
credit for this achievement is due to An
saldo, Genoa, where the Turkish armored
ship Messoudich has been rejuvenated, re
ceiving new machinery, boilers and arma
ment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t^«^||||/ Cnrist"
! FINE FUR
! SEALSKIN
I v^^P^Sl GARMENTS
Stylish, up-to-date cut and make—
for the Smart Set.
Best Goods and Lowest Prices.
/YD. KOCOUR,
RELIABLE FURRIER. \
ROOMS 7 TO II. A
121 POST STREET,
(Don't Mistake the Number).
OPEN EVENING3 DUHIJiG THE H0LIOAT1.AJVEBTISEMEITTS.
I
Big Slaughter Sale
of Fine Pianos.
Entire Wholesale Stock of
> Nearly Two Hundred Pianos
to Be Sacrificed Before
January 1st.
A!i of Them Brand Hew instruments,
Fully Guaranteed — Mo?t Unmer-
ciful Price-Cutting— The Lowest
Prices on New High-Grade and
Strictly Warrsnted Pianos Ever
t Seen in San Francisco — Remem-
' bar the Place and Number, Eilers
Piano Company, Upstairs in the
Bishop Building, Entrance 645
Market Street, Take Elevator,
yf As announced In yesterday's paper, the
great closing out sale of nearly 200 choice
high-grade pianos of various makes com-
mences this morning, and If you are inter-
ested in the purchase of a fine piano or
organ within the next two years you -will
have here now the mopt extraordinary op-
portunity to secure a good Instrument at
a tremendous saving in price.
A short time ago, in order to secure our-
selves, we were compelled to accept a
large stock of pianos, consisting of Stein-
way, Emerson, Estey, Starr and other
well-known makes, and in or«1er to dis-
pose of these instruments by the first of
the year we have decided to make a great j
retail slaughter sale of them, including j
also, as a special advertising /eatnre, in
this sale our wholesale stock of strictly
high-grade pianos carried at our sales- j
rooms, G4j Market street, second floor up- j
stairs, in the Bishop building. !
But nine days remain until the end of !
the year, and we reaJize that only the |
most sensational price-cutting will move j
this large stock of nearly two hundred ;
fine pianos within that time. Hut we are j
V determined to close out the entire stock j
* of instruments, and while we regret to j
make such low figures or open ?ut In i
prices as to disturb the immediate future \
of the music trade of this city we feel |
oblitred to make such low prices as will •
dispose of every instrument in these ware- '
rooms without delay.
"We have here now and for sale, besides j
. the above mentioned stock of Steinway, |
Emerson. Estey and Richmond pianos, !
the finest assortment of the new scale J
Kimball pianos ever displayed en the j
coast, besides such well-known and strict- [
ly reliable makes as Milton, Whitney, j
Ilinze and other cheaper brands, a hun- I
dred and ninety-six fine new pianos in all. |
TVe have also a number of nev.- odd sam-
ple pianos, of various makes and of any
and all styles. We offer to take for them
the *-xact wholesale or factory cost, which j
means to you at least or nearly one-half |
lower price than these or same grades of
instrument regularly retail for in this or
any other city. ;
The New Scale EQjnts&U Piano is now j
recognized as the leading and greatest •
American pianoforte, strictly high grade j
and first class. Steinway pianos are so |
well known in San Francisco as to need j
no further introduction. We offer to-day !
the most beautiful cak-cased seven and
one-third octave strictly high-grade up-
right piano for $218 00, which is almost
v one-half price.
J We offer the largest walnut or mahog-
any cased Schirmer upright pianos for
$117 00— they are considered worth ?250 00
everywhere. Those pianos have thn=e ped-
als. revolving lock board and swinging
music desk, three strings throughout.
Regular $300 00 styles, which have never
been soM. even in the East, for less lhan
$275 00, can V>e secured to-day for $137 00,
and the fanciest styles, also with three
pedals, are now offered for $156 00. Easy
monthly payments if desiiod.
Choice of several po-called $G00 00 Stein-
way upright pianos, brand new and fully
warranted by the factory as well srs by
oun-elvcs— $S?5 00.
Choice of a carload of new Emerson
and Graham pianos at $1«6 00. for either
walnut or oak cases. Other styles corre-
spondingly low. Fully warranted.
A number of brand new Estey uprights,
also several Starr pianos, retail value
$400 00, now $211 00. $218 00 and $247 00 for
the fanciest styles. Factory warrantees
also accompany these instruments.
The Nugent pianos, brand new, so long
as the supply lasts, will go for ?122 50.
Also on easy payments if desired.
Don't miss this sale If the saving of
money is an object. Retail dealers will
tell you that new pianos cannot regu-
larly be sold at such low prices and yield
even a nominal profit to the Beller, and if
that is the case then our loss is your gain.
tAll other investments in the wholesale
J^tock will be slaughtered at correspond-
ingly low figures. This is certainly the
most opportune time to buy a good piano,
and if you are not prepared to pay all
cash down we will arrange time pay-
ments with any responsible buyer.
With the exception of three large and
lancy styles, on which payments must be
at least 5C0 00 down and $20 00 per month,
all instruments can be obtained at cash
price on payment of $25 00 or $15 00 down
and $10 00 or $S DO per month, with inter-
est on deferred payments at 8 per cent
per annum.
Regular five-year written guarantees
will accompany each instrument sold,
duly countersigned by us, thus making
these instruments as safe to buy as Gov-
ernment bonds, and if you have any pos-
sible use for a piano come to us, but do
not delay, for at the end of the allotted
nine days these instruments will all be
sold, there will be no more— the sale will
positively close.
This sale, as a.bove, will be held at our
wholesale warerooms, the second floor of
the Bishop building, entrance at C45 Mar-
ket street, commencing this (Monday)
morning, and if every one Jn this city
would but realize the exact situation as it
jK", nothing would be left for sale Tuesday.
Store open day and night till stock is
closed out. Eilers Piano Co. Remember
the number, r AZ Market street, near Kear-
WELCH IS STAR
OF ROAD SHOW
Traveling Aggregation
Opens Season at the
Orpheum.
"Devil's Auction" at the Cali
fornia Delights the
Audience.
The Orpheum road show is not quite tho
splendiferous affair it was last year. But
it's good enough. Joe "Welch is worth
the price. And there are others. There
is a gatling gun drill , that makes the
sparks fly. There is Elizabeth Murray,
who tells a good story and sings a good
song. W. C. Fields is a neat thing In
jugglers, and the rest all contnoute
something worth while. There was a tre
mendous house.
Joe Welch has a German-Jew mono
logue, a sketch from life, and as keen,
'clean and firm In line as one of Phil May's
"gutter snipes." It Is one of the most
genuinely humoroui sketches to be seen
on the variety stige and a model of
method. Weich does not waste a wink or
a word during the whole story, and kills
more birds with one stone than tne aver
age vaudevillian with twenty. He wan
ders in, a meek and melancholy little fig
ure, swamped in his clothes and drowned
in his hat. and tells the adventures of a
small Hebrew tailor in the police court
and iu jail. Not a promising subject, but
as It is told, convulsing. He has one
gesture— If it can be called such— a meek
wink, a gait that cheers and an irresistible |
singsong, and from the time he gently
slouches in to the time he gently slouches
off compels the continuous performance
smile. He has an encyclopedic gift of
slang and a naive and wistful uncon
sciousness that amounts to genius, but
over and above all the machinery of the
turn there is something that grips, and
you don't know how or why, but it does.
The gatling gun drill furnishes the sen
sational epice of the bill and is a breath
less sort of performance by some young
fellows who saw service in the Philip
pines. It is a wonder in its way, and for
acrobatics of the speedy sort beats any
of the gvmnastic turns that vaudeville
exhibits. It is simply the gatling gun
drill, but the swiftness, neatness and dis
patch with which the eight alert young
Americans handle the big gun in its clum
sy carriage Is marvelous. The act Is
picturesquely staged, and a camp scene,
the drill and a surprise by the enemy set
one thinking more than a little of the
men behind the gun.
Elizabeth Murray is a favorite with
some excellent coon songs and some good
stories told cleverly. W. C. Fields Is a
juggler with new tricks, that are amus
ing no end and as clever as they are fun
ny. The Algos trio do some sensational
balancing. Macomber and Engleton do a
fairly good turn and Mclntyre and Heath
give again their clever sketch, "The Geor
gia Minstrels." •
There is a large opportunity lost to
"The Serenaders," four pretty young wo
men who really sing very nicely. But
their miniature opera is about as monot
onous as they make them, and what with
the "Beaux and Belles" and the "Floro
dora Sextet" we don't seem to want
' girls to make love to other girls. It's
such a waste. But the Orpheum road
show is worth seeing just the same.
* • *
Although the crowd at the California
Theater last night was not large enough
to caupe any inconvenience, those who
attended the performance enjoyed it thor
oughly. "The Devil's Auction" is not a
new play by any means, but in the hands
of the clever people who presented it last
night it has an aspect of newness that ap
peals to the audience.
The piece is as grotesque as ever, and
during the performance many startling
scenic effects are presented. A man. a
dog and a long step-ladder furnish the
most amusement. Between the three a
very clever turn is presented. Fox and
Foxie are the names of the man and the
dog. and both are clever. Amelia Maier
offer dances very cleverly and the terpsi
chorean efforts of the ballet are very
good. Bush and Gordon do an acrobatic
turn that wins great applause and Madge
Torrence. Victoria Walters and Gus Mor
timer are interesting as Carlos, Count
Fortuno and Toby.
Mary Mannering will make her first ap
pearance as a star here to-night at the
Columbia Theater in "Janice Meredith."
It is five years since this charming young
woman was seen here, and she will doubt
less be warmly welcomed by the theater
going contingent during the week. As the
picturesque heroine of Ford's stirring
drama Miss Mannering should have an
opportunity to display all her attractive
capacities. Her supporting company is
said to be rqual to all the emergencies.
The book from which the play has been
made is among the most popular histor
ical novels of the day, and the drama is
said to be a faithful adaptation. H, S.
Northrup and Charles Cherry are among
Miss Mannering's support, and the mount
ings of the play are said to be of the best.
; The play will run two weeks, with special
i matinees on Christmas and New .Year's
j days.
• • *
The piece de resistance of the Minnie
Seligman engagement at the Grand Opera
houfe will be put on for the Christmas
week bill — "Carmen." with Miss Seligman
in the title role. The star will be well
supported by the Grand Opera-house
stock company. No expense has been
spared by the management in the staging
and costuming of the piece. An effective
specialty in the famous child dancers.
Rose and Jeannette, will be introduced,
and special matinees will be given on.
; Christmas and New Year's days.
The Tlvoli is to the fore In holiday
shows with "Little Red Riding Hood,"
Ferris Hartman's Christmas extrava
ganza. The piece has "caught on" with
Tivoli patrons, and "the prettiest ever" is
the verdict all round. The fantasy is full
of the fun of the latest minute, with plen
ty of good songs, pretty scenes, pretty
girls and dainty children. Ferris Hart
man, Edward Webb, Harry Cashman and
Annie Meyers supply the fun, and the
pretty girls do the rest. The transforma
tion scene, "Mother Goose's Nursery
Rhymes," comes in for high praise from
the children. All the little folks should
see "Little Red Riding Hood."
"Charley's Aunt" is the Alcazar bill,
and the popular farce should prove an
attractive holiday offering. The Alcazar
stock company has a splendid record for
the "Charley's AUnt" kind of thing. The
farce will doubtless be among their best
efforts as funmakers. The piece is cast
to the full extent of the company. Extra
matinees on Christmas and New Year's
days will afford patrons of the popular
house full opportunity to enjoy its comi
calities.
Heavy melodrama with a Christmas
flavor will reign at the Central Theater
this week with the favorite play "The
Silver King" as the bill. There will also
be a number of good specialties during
the evening. The bill will be one of the
best in town for the price. Matinee on
Christmas day.
Among the entertainers at Fischer's
Concert-house for this week are Williams
and Earl. Irish comedians; Coleman and
Mexls, the wonderful sharpshooters,
whose exhibitions created much Interest
here a short time ago; Lamar and Hall,
clever singing and dancing comedians;
Elizabeth Nella, a renowned whistler, and
Leanora Jenkins, the favorite operatic
soprano, who will sing bits from "The
Geisha." A special matinee will be given
on Christmas.
• • *
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Deaves' Merry Manikins,
Goleman's dogs and cats and Bicknell,
comedy clay modeler, all from the Or
pheum; Alma Wutrich, juvenile come
dienne; Dave Lloyd, monologist, and a
series of the latest moving pictures:
"Father," said the fair girl, "Harold haa
left me, never to return!"
"I am sorry to hear that," exclaimed the
old gentleman, in softened tones.
"I am so grateful for your sympathy."
"Are you sure he left, never to re
turn?"
"Yes."
"Well, that's too bad: too bad. Day be
fore yesterday he borrowed the best silk
umbrella in the house."— Washington Star.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 190.1.
BILLOWY BOAS AND FLUFFY FEATHERS SET
OFF THE CHARMS OF WINSOME DEBUTANTES
ONE has not lived in vain who saw
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. out shop
ping last Saturday in her latest
velvet creation. Mrs. Magee must
have been doing teas the same
day, for she was gorgeously arrayed and t
would have -made a lasting impression
upon "Solomon in all his glory." She
glided in and' out of the shops in that
stately way of hers, wearing such a mar
vel of a gown. It was all black velvet
with the merest touch of white satin.
There was a quiet elegance about it that
pleased you.' The skirt was rather close
fitting and hung in a wreath of folds at
the bottom. At the belt the skirt was
shaped in with tiny white-stitched tucks.
The bodice was of black velvet except
the tiny white satin pipings outlining the
bolero jacket and also set into the fore
arm of the sleeve. A large white hat
completed the toilet— and a striking affair
it certainly was— of white panne velvet
solidly stitched. The hat was quite flat,
the brim being bent slightly down back
and front, and edged with black velvet j
ribbon. On the under side of the brim |
was a single white rose, just visible from
the front. There was a sweet simplicity
about the hat. It had not even the long
ostrich feather which abounds at lunch
eons nowadays.
Speaking of feathers reminds one of
what Mrs. Walter E. Dean said about the
'Topebud garden of girls" for whom she
gave a luncheon in the Palace Hotel con
! servatory last Friday. She observed that
nearly all of the twenty-two debutantes
and their young friends were smiling out
from under great ostrich feathers and
said it was just •what completed the
charming picture; that in the billowy
white boas and the long, fluffy feathers
were just the right setting for their girl
ish charms (or something like that). Mra.
Dean has a way of getting those things
off so that you know she means them,
and because she Is such a thoughtful
and serious woman her opinion has
double weight with you.
Everybody knows Mrs. Dean is wise
and sensible, but one cannot stop there,
fdr her rare qualities are ever cropping
out. Perhaps her latest revelation to us
is the wisdom in selecting wintry decora-
THREE MEN ROB
AN AGED WOMAN
Mrs. E. Oels, Who Keeps
a Grocery, the Vic
tim of Thieves.
The little grocery and liquor store which
is kept by Mrs. Oels at 263 Stevenson
street was the scene of an exceedingly
daring robbery last night. Three men en
tered the store about 10 o'clock while Mrs.
Oels, the proprietor, was sitting alone in
the little bar room in the rear of the gro
cery department. While one of the rob
bers choked Airs. Oels to prevent her call
ing for assistance two of the gang ex
tracted about $20 from the till. That the
robbers did not obtain all the money that
was in the store is due to the brave fight
that was made by Mrs. Oels.
In describing- the affair to Officers E<3
Owens and P. Mitchell she said that she
got up from her seat in the bar room on
the entrance of the three men and started
to go behind the liquor counter. Before
she got to the place one of the men seized
her by the throat so that she could not
speak. Deprived of the use of her tongue,
she scraped her feet on the floor In order
to attract the attention of her daughter
and Henry Lemkau, who were in the
house back of the store.
In her struggles with the ruffian who
had her by the throat Mrs. Oels managed
to get to the door which leads to the
house. She was about to turn the knob
SHBBBBESEaSBEBaHHBBBHiBBHaHHHHBHBHHBHHHHHHHBBneHHBBBBBBBBBBHHBBHBIIBBBHHB BBBBBBBBH&HBBBBBBBBBBB
1 Ideas Suggested Everything at 1
| by thc Big Store thc Famovs 750 1
I South of Mar- jSbFj^ Mission Street 1
g ket Street*-^ 0>^ m^^^^& Low Prices.*-]
§ (|k, -^^^mmS&L^i\ >-*^3vOV' '. We show * fu " Hne of Sideboards- |
53 /l|bfe=~ t a jc*$&£- > y Z many styIes> in many woods - "■
I )]5 i>- ° — -^- ■ • — o embraces ever6 y s
I . The days of frivolous Holiday buying are past. OiUBnl c0 " ceivable idea 1
n Nothing pleases so much as handsome, substantial fur- W 5^^!^^^^ in this necessary |
■ >]353?$H niture of the right style. The permanent value of such (j Ifw^l jl household ad- |
g$| — i||K#s is obvious. They never wear out—and we offer f fji % junct. g
a W $ liSl em a * * ne lowest prices in San Francisco. * ? V a
I ('gl^ffi?/ ~ " ~ ° ° ; ~~ — ■-— ° |
• g ours are: Ladies' Writing f^V^^ t F J I . >>^.* W ''iff ' J£JJ£ C Aj^Q^'I^ctA I
: | DeskS, MUSiC CabinetS, Big (jf jNz~Z-*--jl One of the most appreciated of more
a Easy Leather Chairs and IP^M 22^uk7^ ta c*Xt.£ factory jL*edeUgJbJH\ . |
5 Couches; all opportune, all M&' ln wi^Ii^-SS^i/HSSi-r SS'im. [f 5
1 JZ t r i«r /• • /^saw "■— .Jl popular style of Ladies' Desks on „„_ >_„ If _>-i^»»i^ M^ Ml rM^^ r •*
f 200Q TOr a Ilietime. IS.A_ -^^ the right that has been immense- can De (ffSSSS^^^ Fkzf
Q ly popular. found. " ( fgjr ea
a H - . ■ ' ■ ■ . ■ ■
BaHQBnBnHaBBnaiBBBHIHBHBHHan BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
MRS. LEN D. OWENS, WHOSE COSTUME ATTRACTED THE ADMIRA
TION OF THE MANY GUESTS AT THE PRESTON-AMES WEDDING
LAST MONDAY, AT WHICH SOCIETY GATHERED.
when the robber withdrew his hands from
her throat and seized hold of a chair as
If to strike her on the head. He was pre
vented from carrying out his intention by
Miss Oels and Henry Lemkau, who at
that moment opened the door leading into
the barroom, having been attracted by
the scuffle between Mrs. Oels and the
robber. ' ,
At the entrance of Lemkau and the
daughter the robbers fled, leaving part of
the money in the till. They ran up Ste
venson Btreet in the direction of Fourth
and Lemkau gave chase. On reaching
Fourth street they turned down and are
said to have boarded .a Mission-street car.
The robbery had evidently been care
fully planned. Mrs. Oels is positive that
three of the four robbers came into her
store on the previous evening. But, as on
that occasion there were several custom
ers in the store, the men did nothing to
arouse suspicion. Mrs. Oels is certain
that she can identify one of the gang. In
describing him to the police she said that
he Is quite tall, smooth-shaven and has a
large mouth. He wore a dark suit of
clothes and a tie striped with yellow.
Almost within the shadow of the Hall
of Justice J. Kutaka, a Japanese, living at
423 Stevenson street, was held up by two
men shortly before 3 o'clock yesterday
morning and robbed of $3, all the money
he had. According to his story, he was
■walking through Portsmouth square on
his way home when the robbers approach
ed him, and while one gave him the
"strong arm" the other searched hlg
pockets, taking his money. The Japanese,
after the thieves released him, hurried to
police headquarters, where he reported the
robbery. , '
Police Officer George F. Barry, whose
methods have on more than one occasion
caused him to be reprimanded by his
superior officers, was sent to find the rob
bers, and, meeting several respectable
citizens, he attempted to cast suspicion on
them. Realizing his blunder, he tried to
explain by saying that Sergeant Donovan
had told him to hold up everybody he met
in the hope that he might obtain- a clew
to the robbers.
The Song of Birds.
M. Coupin writeg on the subject of bird
song, giving many interesting examples
of Imitation. Very remarkable is the in
stance of a sparrow imitating the strldu
lation of a grasshopper; one spring the
sparrow's cage was hung near another
cage containing several grasshoppers. No
notice, was taken by the sparrow for a
whole' year, but during the next year he
learned to imitate the grasshopper's notes
and never forgot them during his life,
often combining them with the songs of
birds, however. Young linnets sometimes
learn the notes of the nightingale. Cer
tain birds in Thuringia sing much better
than others of their own species in the
Hartz mountains, it is said, and the su
perior excellence due to local conditions
always persists.
tions for her debutante luncheon. The
conservatory was a typical winter scene
and the gaunt, leafless tree covered with
snow in the center of the table offered a
striking contrast to the warm, bright
freshness of the young girls who have
not yet ever seen the storms of life, much
less endured them.
There were such Interesting favors at
each guest's plate. Little pine trees for
the guests at one table and red poinsetta
in bloom for the debutantes. Each little
jar was daintily draped in soft red silk.
And to see those happy, feathery debu
\ tantes trudging homeward, each clinging
; to a little potted plant with girlish de
light, was truly refreshing.
Mrs. Dean wore a dainty gown of white
.moire silk with narrow pink satin stripes.
Panels of the skirt were set together with
insertion of white embroidered chiffon ap
plique, also a ruffle of the chiffon at the
bottom of the skirt. The bodice had a
bertha of the same embroidered chiffon
and a vest of the same embroidered in old
spangles. Tiny rows of black velvet baby
ribbon were also used for trimming.
The white lace hat Mrs. L. D. Owen
wore at the Ames-Preston wedding was
much admired. The crown was a flat
puff of white Cluny lace and the brim of
shirred tulle. On the left side was a long
heavy ostrich feather, held in place by a
rhinestone buckle. At the back was a ro
sette of white moire ribbon. Mrs. Owen's
gown was white duchess satin with a deep
Spanish flounce of accordion-plaited chif
fon, the- top edge being outlined with
Cluny lace insertion. Similar lace also
trimmed the chiffon bodice and finished
the elbow sleeves. She looked as chic as
the bride herself.
Everybody is asking everybody else If
they have been asked to the Spreckels
ball on New Year's eve for Misses Lil
lian and Grace Spreckels. although no for
mal invitations have been sent out. There
will probably be 200 guests, but all are
to be invited personally by the proper
member of that household, so there won't
be the slightest excuse for one thinking
it is a formal affair.
The eagerness manifested for invita
tions is not surprising. The Spreckel3
girls are such decided favorites wherever
they go and everybody knows they can
entertain to the queen's taste.
BIRTH OF CHRIST
IS THEIR THEME
Special Sermons and
Songs in Houses of
Worship.
Church organs pealed forth yesterday
in grand solemnity and sacred choirs lift
ed their voices in prefatory glorification
of the day of Christ's birth. Special
hymnal and devotional services were held
in nearly all the churches. With prayer
and song the first of the Christmas week
ceremonies received a most reverential
expression.
Great numbers worshiped at the altars
of the Catholic and Protestant churches
yesterday morning. Special sermons
preached by the shepherds of the flock
told of the glory of Christ's life, his mis
sion on earth and the great lesson he has
taught humanity through generation after
generation. In some of the houses of God
the humble surroundings of the Savior'3
birth were made the theme for pulpit,
eloquence. The seal of divinity furnished
the subject matter of other addresses.
Precepts of religion, of piety, of reverence
of the true Christianity all found a. place
in the sermons of God's ministers.
The old traditional and distinctive
Christmas carols gave the choirs an op
portunity for vocal differentiation. From
hymn to carol the church singers
breathed the spirit of Christ into the ser
vices. The sermons of the ministers ex
emplified what the choirs expressed in
song.
ADVERTISEMENT^ .
TELEPHONE ifff® HtWHiJ!
222-224 S UTTER ST.
OPEN EVENINGSliLL CHRISTMAS.
NEW— SEE THE AUTO
EXHIBITOR in our win-
dow — a continuous show — ;
every 14 seconds.
TREE ORNAMENTS and Fa-
vors — Large selection.
BON BONS— From 10c to
$4.00 per dozen, with lots of
fun for young and old.
CANDLES— All colors; 18.
24, 36 or 48 in box.
Paraffine . .box 10c
Wax box 35c
SUGGESTIVE GIFTS!
Nickelware.
Chafing Dish. Toaster, Skimmer,
Poacher, Spoon. Fork and Alcohol
Flagon, from £2.73 to $20.00
Tea and Coffee Pots, plain and em-
bossed.
Five O'clock Teas, silver lined,
nickel or brass plated.
Trays, round and oblong, plain
and satin lined.
Crumb Trays and Scrapers, beau-
ful patterns.
Table Cutlery
(LARGE ASSORTMENT)
Table and Bird Carvers— In Cellu-
loid. Ivory and Stag Handles, from
7»»e to K1S.OO per set.
Poultry Shears.
Pearl Agate Tea and Coffee Pots.
BREAD BOARDS — Fancy
carved, with Bread Knives to match.
"WASTE BASKETS — In endless
varieties.
Candies.
Our own French mixed, of any se-
lection 35c lt>
None purer nor better. Sold else-
where for 50c.
Lowoy's, In most artistic boxes.
Maillard's and Suchard's Choco-
lates. Glace Fruit, French and do-
mestic, in handsome boxes, orna-
mented -with California scenes of
Days of '49, from 50c per box up.
a/\nnc? Imported Havana, Key
gdPO West and New York
make, in specially put up boxes for
Holiday trade, from 81. OO up. But
few articles are more appreciated
by men who smoke. Ladles should
not hesitate to order, as "we will
cheerfully exchange or refund money
if selection does not prove entirely-
satisfactory.
25 per cent DISCOUNT ON ALL.
PIPES— Briar and Meerschaum,
•fc And on
ASH TEAYS AND MATCH
SAFES, in nickel and brass, to
close out.
DAnfiim^nv Roger & Gallet.
Feriumery violet, Lubm.
Pinaud, Houbigaut, Le Grand, Guer-
lain. Crown Perfumery, Colgate's,
all the leading makers of the world.
Colgate's — 5 assorted miniatures,
in fancy box, SoC-
Colgate's or Victoria, 1-oz bottle
in fancy box, uOc-
HONEY CAKE— Fresh shipment
just in.
DELICACIES — Collected from
all parts of the globe. Everything;
fresh. Goosebreast, Filet of Ham,
Gaensegrieben, Apetit Sllds, etc etc.
OUVES— Ehman's Black Ripe,
Queen or Manzanilla.
GROCERIES — None but the pur-
est and best, and at no higher prices
than elsewhere.
Wines and Liquors.
French, German, Spanish" and Cal-
ifornia. La Favorita de California
Claret, doz. qts., $4.00- We rec-
ommend it.
Haut Sauterne. L. L. & Co.'s, doz.
qts., $,".5O- Has a beautiful bou-
quet.
CORDIALS— After-dinner drinka
in elegant decorated cut-glass bot-
tles, from France and Holland; also
in plain bottles. Full assortment.
COME EABLY to Insure prompt
delivery. MEBBY CHRISTMAS.
California
Limited.,.
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it the most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 64i Market Street
\A7. T. HESS, '.
NOTABY PUBLIC AND ATT0a5EY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels BMgr.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 CalKornia St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone Jamea 1501.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives nealth i-nd
strength to sexual organs. Depot, &23 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
Jr U/II CflW X Trt 90 ° Battery Street.
• L- W lLjUN U t'J-. Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT iMEATS.
¥1C DlWEC * C(\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JA5- DUlCjtttU Clay. Tel. Main 1204.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front at., S. F. Phone Main 171'J.
~~~~ PRINTING.
r> r nnnjicc printer,
fc. \y. llUUllCy 611 Sansome St., 3. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKg-JUDD CO.,
• 23 First atreet. Saa Francisco.
56
TENNIS PLAYERS MEET ON THE COURTS IN CHRISTMAS SINGLES TOURNEY
WASPS SHUT OUT
BY NATIONALS
Home Men Mix Clever
Fielding WitfiT Bad
Errors.
"Jake" Beckley in Eclipse as
Assistant to the
Umpire.
The Nationals defeated the San Fran
ciscos yesterday at baseball at Recreation
Park by a score of 2 to 0. The home play
ers divided their time between playing
brilliant ball at critical points of the
game and then aiding the Eastern men
score by making costly errors. Three
times in the first five innings the Na
tionals had a man on third, but were un
able to send him home owing to clever
fielding.
Beckley proved so successful on Satur
day in assisting McDonald umpire the
game that he tried the same tactics in the
rirtt inning. Hildebrand bit to third and
forced Wilson out at second. The ball
was sent to lirst to head off "Hilde," but
arrived too late. Beckley said "three out"
and left the field. McDonald called Hilde
brand "safe" and Beckley was in eclipse
for the time beinc as an assistant to the
umpire. He tried the trick again in the
sixth and it did not work. Beckley had a
heated argument with McDonald over the
decision, ana for a time a fight seemed
imminent.
McDonald was severe on Iburg in the
matter of balls and strikes, the spectators
differing with him repeatedly in this par
ticular.
The first run was made in the sixth inn
ing. After two men were out Beckley sin
gled. Steinfeldt. the next man up, sent
the ball out to deep right field for a two
bagger. Beckley just beat it home by a
shade. Steinfeldt was caught stealing
third.
The second and last run was scored in
the- eighth. Mertes was safe on Josh
Reilly's fumble. Chance was hit by
pitcher. Lee singled, filling: the bases.
Beckley hit to pitcher, forcing Mertes out
at the plate. Steinfeldt hit to Rellly, who
again fumbled the ball and Chance scored.
McHale flew, retiring the side with the
bases full. The score:
NATIONALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f.... 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hulen. Gb 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
M»rte*. 2b 4 0 O 0 5 2 1
Chance, c 2 1 O 1 3 1 O
Loe p 4 O 1 0 3 2 O
Beckl«y. lb 4 1 2 1 10 3 1
Steinfeldt, ». e 4 0 2 1 3 5 0
McHale. If 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Carr. r. f 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Totals 32 2 7 3 27 16 2
SAN FRANCISCOS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
XonSyke. c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 Qm 0 3 3 0
Hildebrand. I. f 4 O 1 0 1 0 1
Schwartz, r. f 3 0 1 O 2 0 1
Pabst. lb ' 4 O 1 0 10 1 O
Krug, 2b 3 O O 0 4 1 O
Shay. s. e 2 0 1113 2
Reilly, 3b 2 0 0 0 13 2
Iburg, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 29 0 8 1 24 14 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Franciscos OODOO.000 0 — 0
Base hits 0 2 0 10 2 0 0 0—5
Nationals 00000101 •— 2
Base hits....... 01011211 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Iburgr 1. Three-base
hit — Shay. Two-base hit — Steinfeldt. Sacrifice
hit — Van Haltren. First base on errors — San
Franciscos 1. Nationals 4. First base on called
ball? — San Franclscos 3. Nationals 1. Left on
bases — San Franclscos 5, Nationals 9. Struck
out — By Iburg 1, by Lee 2. Hit by pitcher —
Chance. Double plays — Hulen to Mertes to
Beckley; Steinfeldt to Beckley. Passed ball —
Wilson. Time of game — 1:30. Umpire — J. Mc-
Donald.
All-Americas "Win in the South.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 22.— For six inn
ings McPartlln held the All-Americas'
heavy hitters down fairly well, but In the
seventh a base on balls, a batter hit. a
home run and two singles netted seven
runs for the visitors and eave them the
game. Los Angeles touched up Rube
Waddell for nine hits and made a rally in
the ninth that looked as if the score
would be tied, but the big pitcher settled
down to business and struck out two
men. Attendance 4500. To-dav's game
ended the season of baseball here until
next April.
In the Handball Court.
The handball games yesterday at Phil
Ryan's court resulted as follows:
D. McDonald and Bat Shee
han 21 21 14 19 21
P. Mclntyre and M. McLeod.16 18 21 21 15
T. McManus and G. Hutchlnson 21 J3 21
IV. Kelly and P. Kelly.. 1 . 10 21 12
G. McDonald and H. RacouII
let 21 18 21 17 21
M. McNeil and L. Carraine..l2 21 20 21 16
J. McBrearty and D. Doyle. .21 21 13 15 21
M. KIrby and D. Regan 18 20 21 21 19
T. Finn and P. Farrell 21 16 21 17 21
J. Madden and M. McNeeley. 10 ; 21 18 21 15
W. Williams and D. Con
nellr 21 16 21 19 21
M. Joyce and J. Landers 13 21 18 21 20
M. Maguire and R. Murphy 21 19 21 21
E. Curley and J. White. 17 21 20 19
W. Walsh and M. McDon
ald 21 12 21 18 21
T. Foley and W. Kavanaugh.lS 21 14 21 15
J. C. Nealon and J. Rlordan.21 21 14 17 21
J. Colling and M. J. Kilgal
lon 13 15 21 21 3
Spalding Awaits Legal Action.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.-A. G. Spalding
to-day sent a letter to the eight clubs of
the National Baseball League, in which
he recited the fact that he had been
served with an injunction to take no fur
ther action as president-secretary-treas
urer of the National League and Ameri
can Association of Professional Baseball
Clubs, to which office he says he was no
tified he had been elected. He says that
pending the decision of the case by the
Supreme Court he must refuse to act
further.
*Mackay Buys Thoroughbreds.
LEXINGTON, Ky, Dec. 22.— John E.
Madden of Hamburg Place, has sold to
Clarence H. Mackay of New York twenty
eight head of thoroughbred mares, all
with foal to stallions on Hamburg Place
Including Plaudit. Imp. Mirthful, Glen
heim, Hamburg and Sandringham. The
mares are entered in the $40,000 Hopeful
stakes of 1904.
Students to Play Alumni.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 22.-On Christmas day
the High School football team will piay
an eleven composed of members of the
alumni of that institution. The game will
take place on the Clement-avenue field
and is scheduled to commence at 2:30 p. m
By Font Powder.
B'ack Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your deafer far
S hallo Loaded Du Pont
Hello With Smokeless
C. A. SiAIGHT, Agent,
226 Market St., S.F.
RED ROCK WINS
THE OPEN EVENT
Fast Courser Beats St.
Ives for the Final :
Honors.
Wedgewood Outfoots Strong
Field in Special
Stake.
Frank Jones' fast courser Wedgewood
won first honors in the special stake yes
terday at Union Coursing Park, beating a
lield- of good ■performers. Wedgewood
showed a return of his old-time stake
winning form, and in' every course ran
with a snap and vim that won him his
trials in short order. In reaching tHte final
Wedgewood had been forced to but 56
seconds' running-. Roman Athlete, his op
ponent in tne deciding course, was in fine
lettle, and his clever work throughout the
stake gained him many admirers'.
When the pair went to the slips the
Athlete was a strong second choice. He
had more than twice as much going as
Wedgewood had been called upon to do.
Jones' aog took the lead up the field and
scored the first live points. The Athlete
came into possession and worked the
game for lour points, and when he
seemed to have ihe better of the argu
ment turned the hare to his opponent for
the kill.
Weugewood is classed as an in and
outer uy his backers, and li past work is
any criterion he can be looked to for a
lew stakes before slacking up in his gait.
Narcissus, a*l to Z choice and favorite
for the stake, was put out by tne ulti
mate winner. Roman Athlete outworked
Vandal in the lirst round after being led
three lengths. He followed this by beat
ing Freeze Out., second choice for final
honors. Both victosjes were short ends
at 3 to 5.
George Nethercott's young greyhound
Red Rock won the open stake final with
George Sharman's St. Ives as runner up.
The dogs had been given an equal
amount of going, but St. Ives, because of
his experience and well-known staying
qualities, was installed a 3 to 5 favorite,
lied Rock won by a score of 9 to 6.
In the second round he beat Sofala, a 1
to 2 choice, and in his other courses
showed to advantage. .
Cruiser beat Greenhall in the second
round on the short end at 1 to 2, and in
his next go picked Up the hare on Minnio
Sankey, a 1 to 5 favorite, without allow
ing her a point.
The Grafter beat Fred C. the stake fa
vorite, in a close score of 1 to 3. JLorina
beat Elista pointless at the same odds,
and Dorothy M, at similar figures, out
worked Tapioca by a score of 6 to 5 after
he had scored the first five points.
The imported Bright Gold in the open
ing: course took an easv victory from
i.linnie Sankey, a strong 1 to 6 choice.
Jingle Bells beat Rural Artist at 1 to 5
Good coursing was the rule. The hares
were stronger than the scores would indi
cate.
Following are the days' results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round— C. Pickard's
Bright Gold beat E. Geary's Minnie Sankey,
8-1; George Nethercott's Freda C beat J M
Halton's May Kempstead, e-2; J F. Badt's
Lovina beat D. J. Healey's Elista, 10-0; George
Sharman's Sir Pasha a bye; Kelley & Han
ley's Naughty Girl beat J. H. McNeil's Black
hawk. 10-tt; J. Markland's The Grafter beat
W. Cairn's Imperial, 4-2; E. 'Geary's Ruby
Sankey beat \V. H. Robinson's Rosie Free
dom, 11-7; J. H. MViller's Cruiser beat J.
Cane's Greenhall. 3-2; George Sharman's St.
lvea beat E. Geary's Fannie Hughie, 7-2; D.
G. Frantz's Dorothy M beat D. J. Healey's
Tapioca, 6-5; George Nethercott's Hickory
Dick beat W. C. de B. Lopez's The Levlte 3-2;
A. R. Curtis' Kibosh beat H. H. Gray's' Ter
lonette, 6-5; Ed Neave's Daisy Clair beat
George Sharman's Black Flush, 12-0; Ed
Neave's Wedding Bells beat L F Bartels" Best
Bargain. 24-2; J. Carroll's Master Clair beat
W. C. de 3. Lopez's Courage, 5-0; P. M.
Clarkson's Prompto beat George Sharman's
Bowery Boy, 10-8; P. M. Clarkson's Sofala beat
H. Lynch's Lottie M, lo-l; George Nethercott's
Red Rock beat Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy,
6-1; J- Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat M. R Par
kinson's Ben Lomond, 5-1; Pasha Kennels' Ru
ral Artist beat D. J. Healey's For Glory 8-0
Third round— Freda C beat Bright Gold, 21-0-
Lovina beat Sir Pasha, 10-5; The Grafter beat
Naughty Girl. 6-4; Cruiser beat Ruby Sankey
2-0; St. Ives beat Dorothy M 4-2; Hickory Dick
■beat Kibosh. 9-3; Master Clair beat Daisy
Clair. 4-2; Wedding Bells beat Prompto, 10-S;
Red Rock beat Sofala, 9-3; Jingle Bells beat
Rural Artist. 2-1.
Fourth round— Freda C beat Lovina 7-5- The
Grafter beat Cruiser. 6-2; St. Ives beat Hick
ory Dick. 9-7; Master Clair a bye; Red Rock,
beat Jingle Bells. f»-7.
Firth round — Freda C beat The Grafter 5-4-
St. Ives beat Master Clair, 6-5; Red Rock a
bye.
Sixth round — Red Rock beat Freda C 6-5:
St. Ives a bye. '
Deciding course— Red Rock beat St. Ives.
9-6.
Special stake, first round — B. Silva's Master
Rocket a bye; A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat
George Sharman's Firm Fellow, 11-5; F Jones'
Wedgewood beat Pasha Kennels' Real Arti
cle. 4-2; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat T J
Crontn's Tralee Boy. 12-6; H. Lynch's A J
Martin beat F. Jones' Harlean Gladys 14-7-
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat T j'
Cronin's Vandal. 15-7; D. J. Healey's Tiburoii
beat A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night, 3-2; Sterl &
Knowles' Freeze Out beat E. Geary's America,
6-4.
Second round— -Narcissus beat Master Rocket
10-0; Wedgawood beat Rocker 3-2; Roman
Athlete beat A. J. Martin. 6-3; Freeze Out
beat Tiburon, 16-4. . -
Third round — Wedfewood beat Narcissus
3-2: Roman Athlete^beat Freeze Out 6-2
Deciding course — Wedgewood beat Roman
Athlete, 6-4.
Mercer to Meet Royal Flush.
More attractive or more evenly balanced
card than the one at Oakland racetrack
this afternoon has not been served up to
the racegoing public since the opening of
the season. In the Racine handidap the
speedy Mercer will meet the English horse
Royal Flush, and it remains to be seen
whether the latter will live up to his rep
utation.
The entries are as follows:
First Race — Six furlongs; maiden two-year
olds :
3005 Knockings ...110 2956 RoBarie 115
2970 Schwarzwald .118 Whiskers ....118
29S1 Autumn Tlme.110 2914 St. Chester. ..113
2956 King Herald.. 110 2740 Dwight Way. 115
2998 Jim Roberts.. 113 2081 Bassezo 110
Second Race — Futurity course; selling; two
year-olds:
2979 Evander 115! 3005 Esternel! ... 115
3017 Jar'tierre d'OrllS 3012 Huachuca . ..118
•3013Ishtar 115
Third Race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward :
3015 El Fonse 100 2813 Nilgrar ... 109
8011 Pat Morrlssey.109 2987 Canejo *1O9
3009 Grand SachemlO!) 3022 Courtier .... 100
2840 McNamara ...109 Plead 105
(3009) Dr. Bernays. .114 2888 Bob Palmer*. ". '. 100
.2969 Mission 109 (2992) First Shot 114
Fourth Race — Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward:
2979 Gibraltar 112 3009 Cougar ... 106
3001 Wyoming ...109 3014 David S "lO4
(3019)Headwater ..10T. 2972 Goal RunnerV.106
3008 Maresa 99 3000 Our Lizzie . . 104
3003 Merops 109 3003 Rollick 104
Aloha II 109 2957 Racetto ' 104
2S47 Marion Lynch. 110
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; the Racine han
dicap; three-year-olds and upward:-;- '£?&
3008 Impromptu ...103 3019 Headwater 105
<2077)Im. R. Flush. 110 2996 Varro ; " 98
3016 Rio Shannon.. 93 3019 Mercer . . "lO5
2978 Janice 103 "
Sixth Race — Mile and seventy yards; selling*
three-year-olds and upward:
3000 Duckoy 109 <2993)Gol<Jone . . 112
(3008) Jim Hale ....109 <2947)Greyfeld .112
3014 Plohn ........109 2982 Horton .......112
Selections for To-Bay.
First Race — Autumn Time, Rosarie, Jim
Roberts.
Second Race— Huachuca, Esternell, Jarre
tlerre d'Or.
Third Race— Plead, Pat Morrissey, Dr. Ber
nays.
Fourth Race— David S, Rollick, Gibraltar.
Fifth Race— Royal Flush,. Headwater, Mer
cer. -", yi
Sixth Race— Goldone. Plohn. Horton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, .DECEMBER 23, 1901.
HIGH CLASS FORM IS DEVELOPED
II IN PRELIMINARY ROUNDS OF PLAY
Matches Attract the Largest Number of Competitors of
Any Meeting During the Season, While Spectators
Crowd Every Point From Which Game May Be Seen
THE Christmas class singles tennis
tournament, commenced yester
day at the California Club courts,
attracted the largest number of
players and spectators of the win
ter season. Thirty-three of the best play
ers from both sides of the bay took part,
and some exceptionally fine tennis re
sulted.
Grant Smith played the best game In
the first class, in which he and W. B.
Collier are left for the finals. Smith gave
Merle Johnson a drubbing-, beating him
6-0, 6-1.
Collier drew C. Dunlap, the park cham
pion, and beat him rather easily, 6—3, 6—2.
Dunlap was handicapped somewhat by.
the asphalt court, but he was rather out
classed by his opponent. Collier also won
from Fred Brown, the University of Cali
fornia crack. Brown took the first set.
and was within a point of the match in
the second set, but Collier, who is never
beaten until the last point ; has been
played, hung on and won the set. Brown
was discouraged after losing the second
set and Collier took the last by a score
of 6-0.
Dick Adams disposed of Harry Routh,
the second best player in the park. The
score was 6 — 1, 6 — 4. Adams next played
Dummond McGavin, and a good match
resulted. With the score standing set all,
McGavin went in and played some re
markable tennis, winning the deciding
set, 6—3. After his match with Adams
many thought McGavin would win the
first class honors, but in his match with
Smith the latter had him. well in hand
all the way and won easily.
In the second class William Frost beat
Ray Cornell, one of the best men In his
class, easily, the score being 6 — 0. 6-^-3.
Frank Stringham and Homer Parker
reached the semi-finals In the upper half
and Cbet Smith arTd Frost in the lower
half of the card. After Parker and String
ham had each won a set the latter de
faulted, as he would not be able to play
on Christmas. With the score standing
set all, the match between Smith and
Frost was called on account of darkness.
R. D. Walker, Harry Young and H.
Webster, three park players, were in this
class, but were put out in the first round.
Walker made an excellent showing
against Parker and nearly defeated him.
In the third class it appeared Charles
Kuehn would again win, but he went
down to defeat in the finals. Herbert
Schmidt beat Kuehn In straight sets in
the finals. _ . ■
The fourth class players were all evenly
matched and the games were close. L-. E
Wood and Al Kenyon will play In the
finals on Christmas. In the semi-finals
Wood and R, S. Stubbs figured in the
most stubbornly contested match of the
day. Stubbs took the first set, 13—11, but
his efforts tired him and Wood won th«
next two sets handily.
Following is the detailed score of the
tournament:
Championship class — R. N. and G. F. Whit
ney, match to be played Christmas morning.
First class, preliminary round— S. H. Alams
beat Harry Routh, 0-1, 6-4. First round-
Fred Brown beat H. W. Crowell, 6-3 3-6 6-4-
Collier beat C. Dunlap, 6-3. 6-2; G. Smith beat
Merle Johnson, 6-0, 6-1; D. McGavin beat
Adams. 0-4, 3-6, 6-3. Second round — Collier
FRIZES FOR EXPERTS.
Annual Banquet and Trophy Distri
bution of Columbia Pistol and '
Rifle Club.
The members of the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club closed their season's work
last night with a banquet. The cups,
medals and other trophies won during the
year were distributed among the success
ful marksmen.
The J. F. Twist medals, for military
match, were won by E. Hovey and E. A.
Allen. Paul A. Becker won the Hoadley
silver cup for most one-inch circles mad
with revolver. A. J. Brannagan won the
Becker cup for best ten-shot score with
revolver. He made 35— a coast record. F .
°uJ°*'i ng K W * n the all -around diploma
w k *£? bes Jt 3Core ever recorded in the
club. The other prizes were as follows:
Winners In all-comers' matches were as fol-
■c Best X* ten " cores ' three-shot rifle— A. H.
Pape 95, A. B. Dorrell 120, C. M. Daiis 144
G. Mannel 162, W. G. Hoffman 157. F.O
Young 178, E. Hovey 182, Captain F. Kuhnle
Revolver, ten-shot scores, best ten A J
Brannagan- 429, F. O. Young 453, W. G. Hoff
man 604, C. M. Daiss 642, Dr. J. F. Twist 712
Twenty-two rifle, best ten. ten-shot Bcores-l
A. B. Dorrell 188, Captain F. Kuhnle 194, W.
G. Hoffman 219, Dr. J. F. Twist 234 F O
Young 237, E Hovey 267. E. A. Allen "309!
C. Bachman 372, Mrs. G. Mannel 383. Mrs. C.
F. Waltham 389.
Military and repeating rifles, Creedmore
count, be«t ten scores — Ed Hovey 476 F 6
Young 460, E. A. Allen 439, Dr. J. F. Twist
Gold medals were won by the following: A.
H. Pace, F. O. Young, A. B. Dorrell, W. O.
Hoffman, G. M. Barley, Dr. J. F. Twist A
J. Brannagan. F. S. Washburn, Ed Hovey, P.
A. Becker, Otto Feudner, Mrs. G. Mannel, G.
Mannel, H. O. Baker and C. M. Dalss.
The Tnembers who were awarded bars
for making the best ten scores are as fol
lows: .«,--
With a rifle at 200 yards — A. H. Pape A B
Dorrell and F. O. Young. Sharpshooter, with
a rifle — G. M. Barley. With a pistol at 50
yards — F. O. Young, A. J. Brannagan, Ed Ho
vey, F. S. Washburn and C. M. Daiss. Sharp
shooters, with a pistol — P. - A. Becker, Otto
.Feudner, Mrs. G. Mannel and H. A. Baker
Marksmen with a pistol — G. Mannel. • A. H.
Pape was awarded a gold bar, as his score of
27 is the world's record for ten shots, and his
ten scores are the best that have ever been
made with a rifle.
Dempsey Memorial Fund.
The members of the Jack Dempsey Me
morial Fund Association met yesterday in
room 33 of the Columbian building. Presi
dent John L. Herget . and the officers
transacted a' lot of routine business. A
number of subscription lists are being
prepared. They will be placed in resorts
where sporting men meet. Any one inter
ested can secure one of the blanks from
Secretary Tim McGrath. The use of
"Woodward's Pavilion was tendered for a
benefit, which will be given at a date. to
be selected. Treasurer Harry E. Corbett
and the other.offlcers are sanguine of suc
cess In raising sufficient money to erect
a stone over the "Nonpareil's" grave and
also to provide tor his orphan daughters.
DRUMMOND MacGAVIN, ONE OF THE CALIFORNIA TENNIS CLUB'S
CRACK PLAYERS, GOES AFTER A HIGH ONE IN A CHRISTMAS
TOURNAMENT GAME PLAYED YESTERDAY ON CLUB COURTS.
SOCIETY ADOPTS
SPORT VASCO
Exciting Game Is Taken
Up by Prominent
Clubmen.
Vasco pelota, the Spanish ball game
that is played within three walls at
Central Park, has caught the fancy of
athletic society. Society would not go to
vasco, so vasco walked off the court
and went to society. The compliment was
returned, and now the young clubmen of
San Francisco have come out and said
to themselves and their world, "We will
play vaBco."
This same has the elements of many
American games woven Into one, with a
papoose basket flavor that gives it its
distinguished characteristic. It calls for
skill, alertness, agility and endurance. All
these qualities were brought into play
yesterday, when the clubmen of San
Francisco crowded -the boxes and tiers in
the stands overlooking the courts.
In the first place, the management
sprinkled tickets over' the Olympic and
Bohemian clubs and the spectators' list
was consequently a long one. Vasco was
heard of before, but never seen, and now
that the introduction has been official and
gratuitously given arid thankfully re
ceived the sport will certainly create com
ment, If not a greater patronage. The
famous Olympic handball stars, who have
almost forsworn allegiance to their own
country in their admiration of the Irish
game, crowded the benches. They let
their enthusiasm have full sway, and
when the games were finished they all
walked downtown j and took . enchiladas
with their drinks. Among the Olympians
there Is some talk of organizing a team
to learn the game and represent the club
in Mexican tournaments. . Already some
of the active members are searching the
Spanish dictionaries for idiomatic terms
that will represent-such critical judg
ments as "no fault," "terrible," "lobster"
and the rest of the Olympic handball pa
tois.
What the Olympic Club men have con
templated for a future action the unlver-
beat Brown, 5-7, 7-5, 6-0; Smith beat MacGavin,
6-1, 6-3.
Second class, first round — J. A. Code beat
Paul Jones, 9-7. 6-1: H. Parker beat R. D.
Walker 3-6, 8-6, 6-4; W. D. Geary beat H.
Young, 6-2, 6-2; F. Stringham beat H. Web
ster, 6-0, 6-0; C. Smith beat W. Allen, 6-4,
7-5; S. Salisbury beat D. V. Moore, C-4. 6-3;
W. Frost beat A. Farmer, 4-6, 6-1, 6-4. Sec
ond round— Parker beat Code, 6-3. 6-3; String
ham beat Geary, 6-2. 6-3; Smith beat Salis
bury, 6-1, 3-6, 6-0; Frost beat Cornell. 6-0, 6-3.
Third round — Parker beat Stringham by de
fault, 5-7, 8-6; Smith and Frost tied. 6-4, 4-6.
Third class, first round — C. Kuehn beat J. G.
Gibson "6-3, 6-3; H. Mann beat R. G. Erskine.
fi-3, 6-4; H. Schmidt beat G. Whlpple, 3-6, 6-3,
6-1. Second round — Kuehn beat Mann, 7-5, 5-7,
C-2; Schmidt beat H. E. Punnett. 6-1. 6-3.
Final round — Schmidt beat Kuehn, 6-3, 6-2.
Fourth class, first round — R. S. Stubba beat
Dr. Noble. 6-4, 3-6, 0-2; L: E. Wood beat A.
DunCan, 6-4, 6-4; B. G. Wood beat L. Cutler,
6-3. 6-3. Second round — L. "Wood beat Stubbs.
11-13, 6-3, 6-0; A. Kenyon beat B. Wood, 8-6,
6-2.
The remaining matches, together with
the interclass matches, will be played
Christmas day.
BURN TO DEATH
IN THEIR HOME
Four Persons Lose Their
Lives and Another
( May Die.
DUBOIS, Pa., Dec. 22.— Near Summer
ville yesterday the home of John Ash
baugh, a farmer, was destroyed by fire
and four persons were burned to death.
One other is burned in such a manner
that recovery is doubtful and four others
are seriously burned and Injured. T_he
dead: . : - - ■ ■
WILLIAM ASHBAUGH, 22 years old, a
brother of the owner of the Ashbaugh
home.
MAYBEL ASHBAUGH, aged 12.
HARRY ASHBAUGH, aged 10.
JAMES ASHBAUGH, aged 9.
The injured: Herman Ashbaugh, burned
seriously, leg broken and Injured internal
ly; John Ashbaugh, the husband and fath
er, burned seriously and suffering from
exposure; two young children, painfully
burned. :
The affair happened at an early hour
In the morning. The fire was probably
caused by an overheated stove.
sity men have taken up in earnest. Tom
and Will Magee, famous In a small way
on the handball and tennis courts; Will
Crocker, Charles L. Fair, Dr. Harry and
Will Tevis, S. Chase, Dick and Joe Tobin
are all pupils of the vasco teachers.
These men are enthusiasts, and some day
shortly they will entertain society with
exhibitions of their skill and prowess on
the Eder Jal court. The Magees and the
Toblns and the Tevlses will have family
feuds over the sport, and polo will then
find a rival in vasco. Young America has
gone to Spain.
The dean and chapter of "Westminster
are entitled to claim as "perquisites''
every article which is taken into^ the
abbey for the purpose of the coronation
and that reverend body reaped rich har
vests in 1821, 1831 and 1838.
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SHELL MOUND
Several Shooting Clubs
Conclude Year's
Contests.
Golden Gate Experts Close
the Season With a
Banquet.
The crack rifle and pistol shots of nu
merous organizations thronged the ranges
at Shell Mound yesterday from early
morning- until nightfall. No records wera
broken, but the scores in general were ex
cellent.
Company F, First Infantry, National
Guard of California, finished its practice
for the year with the customary prize
shoot. The Red Men's Sclruetzen Com
pany also held Its closing contests yester
day. The annual banquet and award of
prizes of the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club was held at the close of the after
noon's shooting:. \
The other organizations present were
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Ger
mania Schuetzen Club and Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club.
The day's scores and those announced
as completing the year's contests are as
follows:
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, prize
winners for year, rifle handicap— A. Gehret
2338, M. F. Blasse 2285. C. M. Henderson 2283,
A. B. Dorrell 2271, D. B. Faktor 22SI.
Tear's prize winners with pistol and revolver
— J. E. Gorman 968, P. A. BecKer 952, W. F.
Blasse 942. J. "W. Tompkins 838.
Company F, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, annual prize shoot — Sergeant L.
M. Rey 36, Sergeant A. Meyer 12. Corporal B.
H. Sengstack 27. Musician De Martini 16. W.
Davis 17, L,. E. Fenton 37. W. Kermode 38. L.
J. Chereghino 24, Corporal V. R. Branch 33,
Lieutenant H. G. Stindt 46, Corporal C. Ches
ter 27, Corporal J. A. McCarthy 16, Sergeant
J- C. Klesow 36, Corporal D. I*. Rogers 18,
Sergeant A. Brown 31, H. G. Reese 19, Ser
geant T. Marlowe 23. C. H. Moore 23. C. K.
Jacobs 32, W. "W. McGowan 39, H. J. Mangels
37. H. J. Anderson 38. Colonel Burns 87. Cap
tain J. F. Eggert 44, J. Kermode 25, W. O.
Osthoff 38, F. J. Christophe 32. P. J. Cunning
ham 19, J. F. Murphy 24, Corporal M. Gans
41, C. J. Moltke 27, Quartermaster Sergeant
C. J. Wehr 26.
Private match between H. J. Mangels and
TV. W. McGowan, veterans of Company F—
Won by former with a score of 49. McGowan
made 48.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, class win
ners for year^ — Champion class, W. Dressier;
first class. Captain Henry Grieb; second class.
J. A. Mohr; third class, Herman Schult; fourth,
class. Daniel Tamke; last best shot of the
year. Captain Henry Grieb.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class. P. H. Rain's 338;
first class. Captain Grieb 363; second class, J.
A. Mohr 326; third class. Herman Schult 296;
fourth claes. D. Tamke 186; best first shot, P.
H. Rulffs 22; last best shot, Captain Henry
Grieb 23.
Red Men's Schuetzen ComDany, monthly
bullseye shoot — H. L. Soehlmann 387. H. Grieb
733, W. Dressier 741. H. Bach 866. D. Tamkle
1504.
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
Bhoot— R. Stettin 140. F. E. Mason 245, H.
Huber 408. Dr. L. O. Rodgers 506. L. N. Rit
zau 525. J. Gefken 607, O. Bremer 793. J. F.
Bridges 826. S. Helno 931. A. Gehret 1000. J.
Utschis 1000.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club. monthly
medal shoot — First champion class. F. P.
Schuster 449; second champion class, H. Hu
ber 431: first class. R. Stettin 413: second
class, J. Lankenau 397: third class, A. Hoh
mann 352; fourth class. O. von Borstel 346;
best first shot, F. P. Schuster 24: best last
shot. F. P. Schuster 25.
San Francisco Schuetzen "Verein, monthly
bullseye shoot — A. Mocker 12$, D. B. Faktor
284, A. Berteleon 293. A. Schaefer 296, O.
Burmelster 327, J. C. Waller 340, J. Gefken
385. W. Garms 409. J. Peters 442. A. Meyer
482. W. Goetz 483. J. TTtschlg 537. 1^. N. Rlt
zau 854. W. EhrenDfort 603. J. de "Wit 609.
A. Goetz 635. F. "Wensel 760. R. Stettin 781.
A. Jungblut 788. F. P. Schuster S69.
"Warship "Wins In Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 22.— The coursinsr
stake to-day was won by Warship and
Hot Haste, the San Francisco grey
hounds. As they belong to the same own
er they divided the open stake. Warship
showed local coursing men something in
the line of speed that surprised them.
The Austrian Council of Agriculture
has unanimously declared Itself in favor
of prohibiting transactions in grain for
future delivery. • •
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO GBEASE OB DANGEROUS
DRUGS
In "Herpicide," the New Scientific ar.d
Successful Dandruff Treatment.
Have* you dandruff? Then you have a
contagious parasite disease, unpleasant,
unhealthy and one that will eventually
lead to baldness. To cure It you must
destroy the parasite that eats at the root
of the hair. The only preparation for
destroying these genns Is Newbro's Her-
picide. Charles Klein of Laramie, "Wyo.,
says: "Herpicide allayed the Itching,
cured the dandruff and stopped my hair's
falling out; and it is bringing a new crop
of half." Herpicide is free from grease
or dangerous drugs, and makes hair glos-
sy and soft as silk. One bottle will con-
vince you of its merits.
Wtoet &
Cljaiidoii
CHAMPAGNE.
WHITE SEAL AND BRUT IM-
PERIAL.
Celebrated Vintage of 1803.
Unsurpassed in Quality.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents,
216-18 Mission Street, San Francisco.
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES A^iTzoo
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Deav.es' Merry Manikins; Gol«man's
Dogs and Cats; Bicknell, Comedy
Clay Modeler; Alma Wutricb,
Dave Lloyd, New Moving Pictures.
Blfi CHRISTMAS TREE
Commencing CHRISTMAS DAT A HAXD
SOME PRESENT FOR ALL. CHILDREN. *
Thursday Night— The Amateurs
.. Telephone for Seats Park 23,
AMUSEMENTS.
: . .
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT. ■'■" r
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
I SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEES J
CHRISTMAS AND NEW YBAR'3 DAYS |
MARY
MANNERBNG
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Ford
and Edward E. Rose of the former's
widely read romantic revolu-
tionary story,
JANICE MEREDITH.-
Under the - Management of Frank McKee.
PRICES— $1 50, $1, 75c, 50c, 23c.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY;
DECEMBER 26.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Mclntyre and Heath, Joe "Welch,
Elizabeth. Murray, W. C. Fields,
Union Gatling Guards, Macomber
and Engleton, the Serenaders and
Les Agios.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and opera chairs, 50c.
Eveninsrs at 8 Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY. CHRISTMAS AND
NEW YEAR DAYS at 2 Sharp!
"THE ONLY REAL. HOLIDAY SHOW."
Ferris Hartman'i Merry Extravaganza,
LittleRed
Riding Hood
IT HAS CHARMED THE TOWN.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9. j A
Belasco & Thall, Mgra. ;«l
ALL. THIS WEEK. l??^ltlfw
OUR HOLIDAY FUN. 0&&T ~S»«
Special Matinee Xma3 \2ij=g|j^*^22£.
CHARLEY'S j^tli^
AUNT. g-
"From Brazil, Where the lP^"\ jfflfi 1
A Laugh a Minute for 2 ,/fLa" l3>S^^
Prices— 15. 23. 35. 50. 73c. • '" r^rffi^^-^V
Regular Mat. Sat. & Sun. immmmmmmmmtmmmmmi
SPECIAL. HOLIDAY MATINEE CHRISTMAS.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
To-night and Every Evening This Week.
MINNIE SELIGMAN'4
In a Magmiflcent Scenic Production of
"CARMEN."
Beautifully Staged. Elegantly Costumed.
Special Engagement of the Marvelous Dancers.
ROSE AND JEANXETTE.
Incidental Music From Score of Opera.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c 25c, BOc. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
Next Week— MINNIE SELIOMAN la "A:
LADY OF QUALITY."
"BETTER THAN EVER."
THIS EVENING.
MATS. XMAS DAY AND SATURDAY.
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting 1
DEVIL'S AUCTION,
20th Edition and the Best Ever.
SEATS READY
NEXT SUNDAY. Dec. 29. I
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
This Year Everything New.
Mats. New Year's Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
BEgSCO a"~THJU.C& jfcgflgL
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
OUR XMAS OFFERING.
EXTRA MATINEE XMAS DAT.
Everybody's Favorite Play,
The Silver King
A Great Cast — A Sumptuous Production.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
DDlfpC Evenings 10c to 50o
lniWLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 230
Next Week— "THE TWO SISTERS."
CENTRAL PARK,
. ,. Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. IVf*
EVERY THURSDAY. SATURDAY AND SUN-
♦ DAY.
MORE EXC1TINO THAN BULL FIGHTINO.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THS AGE.
ADMISSION 23q AND 50c
Igj^^ RACING
Every Week Day—
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharo. .
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. l:3O. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All tram* vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and' Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
FISCHER'S CO1 52 1 EL H 8S«<*
Eleanora Jenkins; Williams and Earl; Lamar
and Hall: Coleman and Mexls: Elizabeth Nel-
la; the Faloma Quartette and Hinrlchs* Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sun-
day and Christmas.MOB DRIVES OUT
COOLIE WORKMEN
Invades the Quarters of
Chinese at a
Cannery.
Celestials Afterward Return
and Employers Givo
Them Protection.
COViXA. Los Angeles County, Dec. 22.—
I3eoause Ruddock. Trench & Co. -empjoy»vl
a email number of Chinese in their psck
taff-boute in lnvindale. an armtd mob of
twenty or more persons:, the- identity or
some of vitaxn is known, attacked ths
1V'< !at< = last Tiisht and drove oft the
cfcinese.
There had boon rumors of trouble for
*n Ve r^ ? a ,L ? ' bt i l no * tt ««tion was paid
IZJSlZ Jlf !k - aI<s Iasl ni * ht about
"^f;t»5 cn ' nonc of t!l ™ masked. a->-
C~ rf * * lh l quarters of the Chinese aiid
• S «<w d lhat lhey leave the counbrS
/orused '"oTea^r frightened, but
.md taking "the t< rrijied Chinese in cus
fnifttm «k C » : i nd lhere left them - warn
f/lvn^,r% at , lf the J «*«»«> 'hey would
« Jr i v. d ; ln order t0 frighten them
*" ThJ r^° - TV<>re fired into the a^.
The Chinese returned to their quarters
-o-uay ana applied to their employers for
SSSSS« T f hi? lh<?y Were told would be
plven them If an appeal had to be made
Warded I To-night they are being
Alamedans Win Debate.
OAKLAND. Dec. 8t~The inter-hi-h
>rhool debate held last evening In this
m&^ESF 1 t ? a ? s from lhe Alameda
High School ana the Oakland Hisrh School
T*-as won by the former. The Alamedans
had the negative side of the question
•'Resolved. That the Negro Citizen* of the
United States Should be Disfranchised-
J he winning; team was composed of Mi^s
SeLmE \Verner. iliss Frances Bird 'and
Ira. Ivibby. The Oaklanders were Miss
{fFteJS****!? 0 ** Cornelia Strattor. and
Bliss Ehse Martens. The fudges wee
AssenoblnMO Joseph R. Knowland of
Alameda. Professor J. S. Allen of Berke
lev and Superior Judge Henry A. Mel-
May or Signs New Sanitary Law.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— Mayor Barstow
has signed an ordinance which compels
physician? and householders to include
luberculosip. accompanied by expectora
tion, as among the contagious diseases
:he presence of which must be immedi
ately reported to the Health Department
In Helen Keller, the deaf, dumb and
blind student at Radcliffe, the instructors
in English are beginning to believe th--re
is hidden an author of the first rank.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sick headache, nervous head- j
* ache, tired headache, neuralgic
headache, catarrhal headache,
headache from excitement, in
fact, headaches of all kinds are
quickly and surely cured with i
DR. MILLS'
Pain Pills. |
Also all pains such as backache, j
neuralgia, sciatica, rheumatic
pains, monthly pains, etc.
"Dr. Miles' Pain Pills are worth their ■
weight in gold," says Mr. W. D. Krea- ;
mer, of Arkansas City, Kan. "They
cured my wife of chronic headache
when nothing else would."
T>r. Miles* Pain Pills drive away j
r pain as if by ma^ic- I am never with- ■
out a supply, and think everyone \
should keep them handy. One or two
pills tsken on approach of headache
will prevent it every time."
Mrs. Judge Johnson, Chicago, HL
Through their use thousands of
people have been enabled to at-
tend social and religious func- I
I tions, travel, enjoy amusements,
' etc. , with comfort. As a prevent-
ative, when taken on the ap-
proach of a recurring attack,
they arc excellent.
Sold by all Druggists.
25 Doses, 25 cents, j
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind. |
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
DONATION DAYS
December 21
December 23-
December 24
Donations of money and
suDDlies of all kinds
thankfullu received at
• - —
227 Sutler St.
(Coulter's Rattan Works).
1 M FOR WJEAKWOMErc. | j
cilliliiiil
P. A. MCDONALD, !
S13 FOLSOM STREET.
Ean Francisco Gas Ccke for sale to families
Wd t£ tbe trade at reduced iate»
ALBERTINE E. RIDLEY RETURNS
FROM HER MISSION OF MERCY
Leaves United States Aimy Nurse Corps in
Philippines and Now Awaits Discharge
From the Regirar Hospital Service
ALAMEDA, Dec. 22.-Miss Alber
tine E. Ridley, who was one of
the first young women of Calif or-'
nia to join the United States
army nurse corps and £0 to
the front in the Philippine Islands during
the Spanish-American war, has returned
to hsr home here, 1501 Sixth street, and is
now awaiting her discharge from the reg
ular hospital service. .
Miss Ridley came back on the transport
Thomas, with a number of other nurses
; whose contracts with the Government
I had or were about to expire. Most of
! these were from Eastern or Southern
| States.
i In speaking of the past and present
i conditions of Manila and of the army
FIGHTS ROBBERS
WITH HIS FISTS
Berkeley Student Bests
Masked Men in Mid
night Fray.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.— Two hold-ups oc
curred In this city last night. In the first
Edward Fisher of 1525 Arch street was
stopped by three persons, two of whom
appeared to be mere boys, and at the point
of three weapons Fisher was relieved of
his money and watch. In the second hold
up a fight ensued, in which L. F. Over
street, a student in the local Commercial
College, came out the victor over two
thugs. Overstreet was badly used up in
the struggle, being struck a heavy blow
on the back of the head.
The attempt to rob Overstreet occurred
at 11:45 o'clock. He was returning from
Oakland to his home at 1S01 Milvia street,
■when, at the corner of Berkeley way and
Henry street, two masked men jumped ln
front of him from the shadow of the
hedge which runs along Henry street.
Without a word one of them struck at the
back of Overstreet's head with a Ion?
club. Overstreet ducked and stopped the
force of the blow with his right shoul
der. This saved him from being stunned.
Overstreet leaped by the footpad with
the bludgeon and grappled with the sec
ond robber. Before either robber real
ized what was happening one of them
was sprawling in the gutter from two
well-directed blows in the face. As he
turned upon the other highwayman Over
street caught the full force of a blow
from the club across his knuckles, which
badly bruised them.
Tackles His Assailant.
Overstreet grasped the weapon and
rrappled with his assailant. They fought
*baok and forth across the Pidewalk and
against the hedge, the footpad striking
Overstreet with the butt of a revolver he
drew after losing the club.
The highwayman who had been knocked
into the gutter cither had enough expe
rience for one night or heard some one
coming, for he ran up Henry etreet as
spon as h*» regained his feet, whistling for
hi» comrade. The latter broke loose from
Overstreet, leaving his club in the stu
dr.nfs hands, and ran rapidly after his
partner.
Overstreet did not follow the men but
went immediately to his home. He de
scribes his assailants as the usual tall
and short man. The tall one carried the
club, which was two feet and a half of
a spade handle, and wore a dark suit and
| slouch hat. The short man wore a gray
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises iri the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
ISP
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling water and set to
cool. Ravors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
%t your grocers to-day, io cts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MCXNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1901;
YOUNG WOMAN WHO HAS RE
TURNED FROM POST IN HOS
PITAL SERVICE AT MANILA. • .
hospital department in the Philippines
Miss Ridlev said:
There has been a great change for the better
in the sanitary conditions of the city of Ma
nila sinre I nist went there nearly three years
ago. The American ■ military and civil au
thorities have inaugurated many modern im
provements along lines that are highly con
ducive to making the city a healthier place for
native and foreisrn residents alike. In th«>
First Reserve Hospital in Manila, the head
quarters of the army service, patients are ac
corded all the con%"enlences and high-class
treatment that are characteristic of the best
hospitals in the United States.
On my first arrival in Manila there mete
about 1700 soMiers in the local hospital. When
I left there we had something- over 100 pa
tients in the wards. Most of these were suf
fering from the dysentery peculiar to the
islands. Forty nurses are at present on the
staff of the First Reserve Hospital.
Although there has been no heavy fighting
done in ths Philippines for some time, ou*"
soldiers are kept busy hunting down bands of
marauding natives. In the province of Panay
the bolomen. who use long and curved knives
as their weapons of •warfare, cause consider
able trouble. They have an annoyinjr and
■ unique way of giving battle, and because they
wear few or no clothes, often have our soldiers
at a disadvantage. The bolomen will, as a
rule, make their stand in a swamp or very
muddy section of country. When they are
getting the worst of the fight they beat a re
•*reat through the mud or marsh,- and being
almost naked, plow and slide along faster than
bur soldiers attired ln ordinary clothes can. It
Is r.ext to impossible to overtake such war
riors when they fight that way.
It may at first seem strange, but I believe
that many of the petty uprisings our troops
have to deal with are indirectly due to locusts.
Often when the crops of the natives are nearly
ripe' immeriRe clouds of these destructive In
sects will sweep across portions of the country
and denude them of every Browing thing. Such
catastrophes moan great loss to the natives
of the particular place affected, and the gren
eral sequel Is that they set out to steal from
and kill others. As a consequence expeditions
of trooDS have to be detailed constantly to
round up and subdue the warlike raiders.
suit and black slouch hat. Both wore
white masks made of handkerchiefs with
holes cut for the eyes.
Fisher was held up at the corner of
Vine and Spruce streets in North Berke
ley. He had returned from San Francisco
on the train which arrives at Berryman
station at 10:05 o'clock and was crossing
over the intersection of Vine and Spruce
streets when sorn^ one from behind com
manded, "Stop, partner, and hold up your
hands."
Robber Carried a Carbine.
Fisher stopped, and on turning saw
three men approach each covering him
with a weapon. One carried an old army
carbine and the other two covered Fisher
with 45-callber revolvers such as were
used in the civil war.
The taller of the three,' who appeared
to be the ringleader, was apparently about
23 years of age, while the others were not
over 17. None of them wore a mask but
all had their faces partly covered by
blouch hats drawn down over their eyes
Fisher lost $4 in coin and a gold watch
and chain. He asked for the return of
his watch. One of the robbers started to
hand it back to him, but the leader re
fused to let it go. An electric car ap
proached and Fisher was forced into the
shadow of a fence and tree until It passea
not twenty feet from him. As soon as the
car got by the youthful highwaymen
started Fisher down Spruce street, going
themselves toward the hills.
Deputy Marshal Alden was on the scene
shortly afterward, but no trace of the
robbers could be found. He thinks they
are from San Francisco. Fisher thinks
he could identify them if captured.
FATHER McSWEENEY WILL
MAKE THE GRAND TOUR
Pastor of St. Francis de Sales Is
Preparing for a Vacation
Abroad.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— The Rev. Thomas
McSweeney, pastor of St. Francis de
Sales Church, has arranged for a year's
vacation, during which he will make an
extended tour of the Old World. The
clergyman will include in his itinerary
a visit to Maynooth College in Ireland
and a trip to Rome. Father McSweeney
will leave during the middle of January.
His parishioners are arranging- a farewell
reception to take place shortly before
their pastor's departure for his long jour
ney abroad.
Planning for Military Ball.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.— The Alumni
Commissioned Officers' Association of the
University of California is arranging for
a military ball and reception to be held
in Golden Gate Hall, San Francisco, Fri
day evening, January 24. The committee
In charge consists of Colonel G. W.
Bauer. Colonel C. H. Murphy, Major j!
P. Dolman. Major W.' A. Brewer, .Cap
tain W. Jurgena, Captain F. Denlcke
Lieutenant J. A. McGee, Lieutenant j'
D. Hatch and Lieutenant J. Gallagher.
Retail Clerks Elect Officers.
OAKLAND; Dec. 22.— The Retail Clerks'
Association has elected the following offi
cers:
President. C. L. Oroke; first vice president
Archie Newhart; second vice president, Law
rence Hyde; financial secretary, Arthur Jen
kins; recording secretary, A. B. Champion:
guardian. Edward Lewie; guide, Arthur Bock
delegates to Federated Trades Council — J B
Reboll, C. A. Sinclair and G. A. Robinson
Stableboy's Arm Broken.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— While exercising
a horse this morning at the racetrack,
Emeryville, the rider, W. R. Hughes, was
thrown by ' the horse's sudden fall, and
sustained a serious fracture of the left
arm below the elbow. The. injury was
treated by Dr. R. B. Williams at the Re
neivinsr Hosrjital. Hughes is a stable boy.
ACCEPT CHRIST
AS THEIR GUIDE
Two Hundred Children
Are Confirmed at
St. Brigid's.
Archbishop Riordan Delivers
Stirring Address to
Young P oik.
Two hundred boys and girls, composing
the classes or 1901 of St. Brigid's parish,
were cpnUrmed with impressive ceremo
nials in St. Brigid's Church by Arch
bishop Riordan yesterday afternoon. The
sacred edifice was thronged by relatives
and friends ol* the little ones.
The service began at 4 o'clock, when the
children inarched into the auditorium. The
girls were arrayed in white and each wore
a > veil. The boys each wore on the left
arm a white knotted ribbon. At the altar
were gathered Archbishop Riordan, Very
Rev. J. J. .Prendergast, Vicar Uenerai;
Father John E. Cottle, yastor of St.
lirigid's; b auier J. McGinty of Holy
Cross, father Martin -Ryan o£ St." Vincent
de Paul, Father M. Connolly of St. Paul's,
Father J. Coyie or the Star of the Sea and
Father P. O'Kyan of the League of the
Cross.
The rites of confirmation were perform
ed by the Archbishop, and at the close of
the ceremonial he delivered an address in
which he said:
This is a solemn moment in the lives of
these children, and they will realize this as
they grow older. It is a ceremony which binds
us to the past, for to-day these .children have
become soldiers of Christ. To-day' they enter
upon the warfare against sin which must last
until their dying day.- There is need of vigil
ance always. We must ever be on our guard
and never forget that we are soldiers of Cnrlst.
One moment of iortcetfulness and the enemy
takes possession of our hearts. The other day
an engineer torgot his ordeis for a single mo
ment . and the result was the loss of several
lives. Kemember, children, that you are sol
diers of the Lord* Keep your sniritual eyes
open, and beint; able . to see the enemy, you
will be able to guard against him always.
Let these children prove worthy of this great
occasion.- In Roman history we read that it
was the custom of children to wear a medal
which always ■ reminded them of their ances
tors' and that they should never disgrace their
forefathers.- ■ But what Roman emperor or
prince ever equaled our great master? How
much more sacred are our oblisations not to
disgrace him. What a wonderful privilege it
is to boast of belongine not to this or that
country, but to the kingdom of God. Parents,
bring up your little ones in a manner worthy
a hiirh calllnc. The road to salvation is not
one lined with flowers, but under a heavy cross
must we- work out our own salvation. This
way to heaven, good Ufa and virtue is a way
of sacrifice. We are followers of the cruci
fied Savior, and the way of eternal life is the
way of the cress. Teach them to be proud of
their rellclcn; teach them that there is but
one church and that they must know its duties
and obligations. Think of Christ in the man
ger and all he has done for us. May the Bplrit
of the Christmastide be a spirit of peace to
you all forevermore. I wish you all a merry
Christmas! ,'.
The boys were then pledged to refrain
from drinking liquor and frequenting sa
loons until they were 21. The oath was
administered by the Archbishop, who
said that sobriety in the young was great
ly to be commended. This concluded the
services.
The following named were confirmed;
Ira Lane, Thomas Rol, Ernest Murphy,
Louis Barroni, Clarence Tweedy, W. Nicholas,
Kniilio Cademartorl, Arthur Dowdell, John
Little. John Farral. Thomas Moore. Fred
Schiaffaputra, James Rico, R. Kelley. Thomas
Eomerville, George Kentzel, J. Gaglietto,
Frank Burns. Alfred Fitzgerald. H. Tuckey,
Fred Bass, Baptisto Baglietto, F. Albert!, W.
McCafferty, Luke McGonaele, Alfred Peterson,
Willie RichardEon, Horace Amphlett, John.
Gladdini. George Courtier. Athol Tuckey, Ken
neth Woodin. John . Clarke, G. Lefor, John
Pucinvelli, Harold Ryan, George Duffleld,
Ralph Douglass. Charles Nlghtwlne, Eugene
Tracey. A: Ollsen, W.nMurray, W. Garabaldi,
\V McMann. G. Kennedy. S. Clarke, J. O'Dea,
C Brown, D. Oliver, A. Buckley, J. Sullivan,
H Burk, J. Comber, Charles Green. P. Alar
kle. G. Gratto. A. Cantrell, H. Harrison, E.
O'Neill L. Carreras, F. Derham, W. Little
ford D Ryan, E. Madden, A. Vanderwhite,
D Riordan. C. Mattinfrty, J. Heaney, A. Mul
len. M. Haley, R. McEvoy. J. Bruton, • J.
Locker. L. Parker, T. Murphy, J. Lynch, A.
Dunn J. McAulifCe, A'. Laplace. T. McGillan,
L McGovern. A. Baldwin, C. Kellev, H.
Smith H. Pwyer, C. Welsh, H. Shields, R.
Locker, R. Sutton, J. Favilla, J. O'Brien, K.
L. Woodin. S. A. Clarke, T. P. Murphy,- F.
Whelan J. R- Jock, Len M, Farrell, F. M.
Parkman. L. Frederick, J. B. Galvin. F. B.
Duffield, E. Duffleld, A. J. Valenti. W. Cou
dron, G. A. Esken, I. D. Ryerson. Charles R.
Overholtzer, F. Q, Filla, J. M. Crowley, J. E.
He™. V. Hecht. J. J. Clarke. D. Lyons,
W P. Walsh. P. Cheli. E. Cademartorl. J. M.
Riordan.- J. Rico, J. P. Dowllng R. Rico. R.
Kelly, F. Woods, J. Holmes, S. Paolinelll, M.
Sutton and N. Murphy.
Ella Burns, Emma Chiossi, Cornelia Cough
lin Madeline Davis, Anna Gladstone, Margaret
Gavin Hattle Haskin. Nellie Kane, Isabella
Kelley MarylMcMann, Alice McKenna, Annie
O'Neill, Nllda Ratto, Edna Ryan, Stella Torre,
Elizabeth Troy, Nora von Hucht, Frances
Weber, Isabel Baghetto, Berenice Baar, May
Burns. Vera Dolphin, Amelia Valenti, Lena
Valenti, Mabel Leaver, Laura Courtier, Reglna
Ryerson Lena Peterson. Edith Nolan, Ethel
McNamara, Katie Madden, Rose Ludlow, Julia
Stanley, Grace Kidd. Laura Weaver. Clarlbel
Little Geraldine Hunter, Loretto Jordan,
Amelia Thome, Mary Surratt, Nellie Murphy,
\nlta Whelan, Etta Duffey, Lillian .Woods.
Mabel Thorne. Eleanor Ansbro, Genevleve
Sinon, Sadie McMann, Ellen Donnelly. Alice
Holmes, Grace Parker, Amelia Boychella, Lil
lian Angelovlch, May Parker, Margaret Don-
Ion Lillian Leahy. Mary Bertl, Pearl Duffleld,
Mabel Bass. Margaret Tuckey, Annie Slattery,
Adollno Jaenlcke, Irene Paolinelli, Celia Paoll
neli May Wallenstein, May Cunningham, Imo
gene O'Brien, Charlotte West, Lucy Lynch,
Alice Wilson, Genevieve Heaney, Rose Kenney,
Mabel Llttleford, Frances Mulvey, Maggie
Murphy, Olive Bretto. Hazel Cottlo, Marie
Barry Ella Terry. Loretto Callahan, Mary
fillhuly. Amelia Rivas, Esther Rossi. Gene
vieve Pynne, Sablna Curley. Mary Muldoon,
Nellie Casey. Katie Burke, Margaret Furey,
Mary Henretty, Irene Hogan, Cathleen Ma
honey, Edith Beaumet, Mary McGulgan, Marie
Eustace. Esther Burke, May Wilson, Mabel
Lange, Mabel Gallni. Adele Kraft. Tessle Her
mann, Florence Cavagnaro, Kittle Phelan,
Hilda Murray. Margaret Lynch, Ethel Monet,
Mary McDonough, Amelia -C. Boychella, Maria
E. Dolan, Elizabeth C. Nipper, Ersella J.
Paolinelll, Anna A. Slattery, Marearet Bur
ton, Edith C. Schlebe, Margaret M. Baird,
Mary L. Bergman, Laura E. von Hucht.
II. RYAN DISCUSSES
CHINESE QUESTION
Expresses Fear That Mongolians Will
Overrun World Some Day With
Their Manufactories.
If the audience that went to hear H.
Ryan lecture at tne Metropolitan Hall
last evening was small ln number's, at
any rate what there was of it completely
filled every bit of breathing' space with
enthusiasm. Ryan's' subject was a popu
lar one and Ryan_ls a ready and able
young man and possesses the rare fac
ulty of being interesting. .
"Chinese Immigration" was the topic
and the lecturer divided his attention be
tween the admission of, Clunese to these
shores and the fact of their advancement
as mechanics and masters of industry in
their own land. While strongly favoring
exclusion, ho pointed out that what the
world had most to fear was that one day
the Chinese would flood the markets of
the world, not from the United States;
but from their own manufactories on their
own soil.
In speaking of England controlling a
great part of China,- the lecturer was un
fortunately misunderstood by some one
in the body of the hall, who cried out:
"You're a liar! England has no Chinese.
There isn't a Chinaman there." The iu
teruption was loud enough and fierce
enough to alarm some in the audience,
but'the real words uttered by Ryan hav
ing been explained, the Interrupter sat
himself down in peace and the lecturer
composedly continued his discourse.
Rhetorician for Summer School.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.-Professor Fred
Newton Scott, the noted rhetorician, has
been added to the faculty of the summer
session of the University of California for
3902. He will come from the University
of Michigan, where he is professor of
rhetoric. Recently Professor Scott col
laborated with Professor C. M. Gayley of
Berkeley in writing "The Methods, and
Materials of Literary Criticism." He has
been' a constant contributor to the philo
logical journals and among his published
works are "Aesthetics— Its Problems and
Literature." "Principles of Style," "Com
position-Rhetoric," etc.. Professor Scott
graduated from the University of Michi
gan in 1884 and received the degree of
Ph.D." from his alma mater in 1889.
TOTS ENLIVEN BIRTHDAY PARTY
WITH VAUDEVILLE PERFORMANCE
Miss Etta Schrock, 9 Years Old, Entertains
Fifty of Her Little Friends in a Novel
Manner at the Home of Her Parents
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.-Miss Etta
Schrock, the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Schrock, celebrated
her ninth birthday yesterday aft
ernoon in a novel manner at her
home on Twelfth street. At one end of
the large drawing-room a small stage had
been "erected, and for an hour or two,'
with the assistance of several clever little
friends, the hostess entertained a select
and appreciative audience of fifty chil
dren with a vaudeville show. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Etta Schrock, dance; Erna Patery, recitation,
"The JElf -child"; Helen Mehrmann, song-, "Oh!
DIRECTORS WILL
BUILD HOSPITAL
Blind Asylum Manage
ment Decides on
Action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 22.
The directors of the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind Institute at Berkeley have de
cided to build a very necessary hospital
for the institution without waiting for an
appropriation from the State Legislature.
They have, they believe, sufficient money
for the purpose in the* various funds un
der their control, and will leave the ques
tion of reimbursement to the next Legis-
Plans have been perfected, contracts let
and the work of breaking ground is in
Pr The e ho'spltal will cost about $10,000. Dr.
O. D. Hamlin of the Oakland Board of
Health and Architect Walter Matthews
prepared the plans and specifications now
approved by the directors. Advantage has
been taken of the experience gained in
similar institutions in the East, and the
new hospital will be equipped with all the
appliances modern science can suggest as
most practical and effective.
There are 400 children at the institute.
The new building will be 60 by 100 feet
in dimensions and will contain a ward for
boys and one for girls, an accident ward,
operating-room and a department fully
equipped with fumigating and other ap
pliances necessary for the efficient hand
ling of an epidemic of any kind. ' . •
The directors are George W. Reed, Sen
ator Frank W. Leavitt, John Gridley,
John J. Mattos and Henry Pierce of San
Francisco. The hospital will be ready for
occupancy in about six months.
WISE MEN SEEKING TRUTH.
Special Services at the First Metho
dist Episcopal Church.
The services of the First Methodist
Episcopal Church yesterday morning and
evening were special in character and atf
tended by an audience that crowded the
body of the church.
The programmes were as follows:
Morning — Organ prelude. "Magnificent"
(Ruilmant)- anthem. "Prepare Ye the Way
of the l!ord" (Garrett); offertory solo. "Ad
vent Hvmn" (Pinsuti). Mrs. 'Bolts; sermon,
"Christ's Great Soldier ana His Weapon"; or
gan postlude (Monti). - ...,., .„
Evening— Organ prelude. "Aria 1 (Gounod);
vivmn No 187. "Star of Bethlehem"; the Lord's
Prayer- anthem. "O Little Town of Bethle
hpm" (Neidllnger). Mrs. Robb and chorus;
boI? "Comfort Ye" (Handel's "Messiah"), Mr.
Kent- responsive Scripture lesson, psalm xlv;
hvmn No. 100, "Herald Angels," followed by
prayer- solo "O Holy Night" (Adam). Mr.
Crlchton and chorus; responsive Scripture les
son psalm cxvlll, 19-29; anthem. "Hosanna in
tho' Hbrhest" ("Sanctus" from Gounod's
"Messe Solennelle"). Mrs. Robb. Mr. Nevegold
and chorus, violin obligate Mr. Crlchton; hymn
No 18H "Joy .to the World"; announcements;
offertory solo, "Peace on Earth" (adapted
from "Ave Maria," Gounod), Mrs. Robb; an
them "Sing. O Heavens" (Tours), Miss Gyle
and chorus; benediction; organ postlude (Stark).
"Wise Men As Types of Earnest Seek
ers After Truth" was the topic of Frank
Kline Baker, pastor of the First M. E.
Church last evening. He said ln part:
That they were earnest seekers Is seen; ln
their preparation of heart to receive the truth;
in their readings to follow the light already
elven; in their willingness' to make any sacri
fice to find. the new-born. king; ln their faith — ■
they expected to find him and they went pre
pared to worship him; In that they were not
easily turned aside by other things; in that
they were ready and willing to obey God after
they found the object of their search. These
wise men teach us:- .
That God measures things not as man lneaa-
LITTLE OAKLAND MAIDEN WHO
ENTERTAINED FIFTY FRIENDS
ON HER NINTH BIRTHDAY.
Susan"; Katie Ricketts. dance; Ethel Carroll,
song "By Lo. Baby, By Lo"; Fay Newsom.
recitation, "I Wish I Was a Boy"; Vlra Bleuel,
dance; De Etta Smith, song and dance; Elva
GhirardelH. recitation. "A Year With Dolly";
Beth Jeter. • songr Virgie Bleuel, recitation,
"Mamma Eought a Baby"; Etta Schrock, song;
Alice Williams, recitation. "A. B and C."
A few of the older guests also con
tributed to the amusement of the little
ones with vocal and instrumental music.
The programme was printed on dainty
cards decorated with forget-me-nots. At
the close of the entertainment the chil
dren were ushered into the large dining
hall on the first floor, where the table
glowed with its decorations of Christmas
colors and trinkets. The little hostess
presided at the head of the table, where
nine pink candles burned in the birthday
cake. The children present were:
Elva GhirardelH, Adele Scott, Euphrlse Du
bernet. Bernice Collins, Helen Bannan, Dor
othy Taft, Ernestine McNear, Gertrude Blair,
Elizabeth Miller, Deborah Dunning, Nelda
King, Alice Williams, Faith Mills, Mary Mills,
Maud Bishop, Marion Rodolph, Doris Hadley.
Edith Goodfellow, Irene Collins, Vlda Collins,
Eleanor Engs H Helen HIckley, i Helen Harvey,
Ethel Carroll, Helen Lowden, Carol Pardee,
Helen Pardee. Madeline Pardee, Florence Par
dee, Eleanor Hoffman. Marion Hoffman. Misses
Kahn, Louise Echmann. Beth Jeter; De Etta
Smith, Fay Newsom, Helen Mehrniann, Eriia
Patery, Katie Ricketts, Vira Bleuel, Virgle
Bleuel, Dorothy Meese, Alma Meese, Genevievo
Shankland, Carmelita CuvelUer and Alice Bick
ley.
ures them. The most common and Insignificant
in the material world may be the medium of
the morally great.
That God's way Is not man's and yet God's
way is better than man's, and God's wisdom
and power are greater than all the secrecy and
diplomacy and might of kings.
That the more highly privileged sometimes
see less and appreciate less than those who
are the least . privileged.
The star stood over Bethlehem and the heads
of the Jews, but they saw It not. It is so
with the Gospel privileges to-day.
That the earnest seeker of the truth shall
find. All human hearts seek rest and they find
it only as they find him who Is "the way. the
truth and the life."
The congregation was large and the
programme of music excellent.
Programmes for Christmas.
Members of Company B of the First
Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets,
will receive communion . in a body at a
high military mass to be held at St.
Charles Borromeo's Church at 7:30 Christ
mas morning. Mass will be said by the
Rev. Father Moran. Corporals Joseph
Burns and Hugh McCourt will serve on
the altar in full uniform. The drum beats
will be managed by Sergeant Samuel
Plercy. Solos will be rendered by Musi
cians Dennis Calden and Stephen Bovo of
the company orchestra. The members of
Company B, together with the members
of the auxiliary club of the company, will
assemble at the corner of Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets at 7:15 a.' m. and then
march to the church.
"At St. Teresa's Church the choir under
the direction of Miss Florence Coonan,
organist, will sing De Marzo's mass. The
singers will be:
Soprano, Mrs. C. J. O'Connell; contralto,
Miss Agnes C. Kendrick; tenor, A. J.
McAllister; basso, J. J. Colgan.
During the offertory "Noel" will be sung
by A. J. McAllister. At the benediction
of the blessed sacrament, which will im
mediately follow high mass. Mine's "O
Salutaris" will be sung by Mr. McAllister
and La Hache's "Tantum Ergo" by the
full choir.
There will be solemn high mass at St.
Brigid's Church at 11 o'clock. The Rev.
John E. Cottle will be the celebrant, Rev.'
Joseph A. McAullffe deacon and Rev.
James Grant sub-deacon. A double quar
tet with orchestral accompaniment under
the direction of Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel will give the following composi
tions, the names of the singers also fol
lowing:
"Adeste Fldeles" (Novello). "Kyrle" ana
"Gloria" from Mozart's Twelfth Mass; "Credo"
(Weber). "Noel" (Adam), "Sanctus" and "Ag
nus Dei" (La Hache). "Laud&te Dominum '
(Handel). Sopranos, Miss Grace Sherry, Misa
Verdi Gilmore: contraltos, Sta. Andrea Mojica,
Mrs. J. Burton; tenors, Ed Lotz and J. F. Rlt
ter; bassos, Ch. Pechin. W. S. Edmlnster; or
ganist, Joseph Roeckel.
She— ".Do you know what promises you
made me at the altar when we were
married?"
He— "Every one."
"I don't believe you know one of
them."
"Why shouldn't I? My stenographer
was in the church, and had directions to
take down every word I said."— Yonkers
statesman.
is all digestible and
nourishing. Mellin's
Food is really "some-
thing to eat."
SEND A POSTAL FOR A FREE
SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
MARKET STREET
IS A RIVER BED
Fantastic Cleaning Done
by Board of Pub
lic Works.
City's Main Thoroughfare Is
Made a Menaca to
/ the Public.
Hesing the asphalt of Market street dn
the Sabbath morning is one of the latest
manifestations of the Board of Public
Works' peculiar and fanciful activities.
Hosing, not cleaning, is the board's
motto.
That part of the San Francisco public
that found occasion to cross Market street
yesterday morning was lost in wonder- '
ment. Looking at the sky, they found it
cloudless and without a lingering trace of
"nature's lofty rain stores." Underneatli
their feet were puddles full of slush. The
question on every tongue was: '"When
did this mighty rain fall?"
Pedestrians who endangered their bodies
by crossing in the siimy filth that was left
after the street cleaners had performed
their labors, and riders and drivers who
risked not only their own persons, but
their horses, were- at a loss to explain thi»
new fantastic menace on the city's main
thoroughfare. Market street had the ap
pearance of a river bed whose waters had
been suddenly drained. The sediment of
refuse and mud manufactured by the or
der of the Board of Prablic Works was
like the track of a great inundation.
Rarely has a tempestuous rainstorm
torn up Market street in this fashion.
Sometimes when the city has been drench
ed for' several successive days with a
steady downpour there has been an ap
proximate accumulation of water on the
street, but where all the mud and slush
of yesterday morning was found is more
than even the expert could tell. By scour
ing and scraping the laborers worked the
thick paste to the gutters and there they
left it as an offense to eye and nose. Un
less a heavy rain «coraes to drive It Into
the sewers there it is likely to remain.
Only in winter does the Board of Public
Works disolay this, anomalous energy.
When the summer winds blow sheets of '
sand and dust down the streets the hy
drants are sealed tight and fast. It needs
the Board of Public Works to produce a
river bed full of slime with Market st/eet •
as the raw material.
A rainstorm cleanses the street. Tha
storm that the Board of Public Works
stirred up was to gather the material for
a slimy coating, treacherous to locomo
tion, and heaping of unseemly piles of
thick mud in the gutters.
"Father," said the young son of the
eminent medical and scientific authority,
"if all the diseases come from perm3, as
you say they do. what good do germs
"do? Wasn't it a mistake to create them?"
"Why— er— germs, Lionel." replied his
paternal ancestor, "may be said to serv*
X\i e — er— purpose of— you are rather younr:,
however, to understand such things fully,
but I may. mention that I am to write an
article on that subject next rtlonth for
one of the magazines, for which they pay
me $500."— Chicago Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENT 3.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO, |
I I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, I
IF IN DOUBT
I ou i oHUtbi
Perhaps you are looking around
and do not "know what to buy. \
We'll combine sentiment with com-
: mon sense and present a gift of
: 1 some practical use— BUY SHOES.
i Every one wears them and no pres- j
ent is more acceptable. If you do j]
not know the required size BUY J
i A SHOE ORDER, but just to help A
% vou along, here are a few specialties, j
- THE VERY LATEST. SWELLEST 3
I FAD, Ladies' patent leather oxford a
ties with welted soles, coin toes j
! and tips and Cuban heels. Sizes 1
I Zh-s to Vi, widths B to D, and the A
; i PRICE ONLY $2.25. M
! BOUDOIR SLIPPERS, I
i \ NOTHING SWELLER — Ladies' H
! 5 red kid boudoir Clippers with chlf- Ej
I i fon rosette and satin quilted sock- H
! ! lings. The price only S1.23. All H
[ " sizes. ** • fa
• 5^fc^^^^^^fc^ iSV iW I J '1 1 I
| §1 FOR HOME AND COMFORT—
| j Ladies' red. brown or black felt !
! \ slippers with brairled trimming and
I i made by Alfred Dalge. The price
! I Sl.OO. All sizes.
\ OUR STORE has been enlarged
■a and seating capacity increased. r '
WE WILL. BE OPEN EVEN- :
\ INGS during the month of Decem- *
j ber. i
NEVER MIND THE SIZE. Just '
buy a shoe order. No present more
■ acceptable. • ■ : . £t
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
• IO' THIRD STREET.
I ■ San Francisco.
GQ H A B ££t\ Ammunition. - Pistols. Cut-
U K tittS &*■* - ler >". Canlns Sets, Football.
M H Pp^l Baseball, Athletic and Out-
0 »!Jr1H n lrs Goods for Holiday Trad*.
ly B U 'SB? " e saRE°V2 4 BARBER CO..
' . 733 Market St and 511 KsaraySi
PATES\8T£^ J
3rOMARrvETbT.3F^aS^ •
nlirr nnilRI Corner Fourth and
CAFE BQYRL «h
Vlllll- l.wlllfc- 5c. Overco«t» and
valises cbeck)4 Irt»
78
SAN FMANCISCO CALL. {
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market s^nd Third streets: open
until 12 o".-loc-J: way Right in the year.
BRANCH OKFICKS— £87 Montgomery street,
corner day; op*a until 0:20 p. in.
:i00 liayta fcireet; <rcn until ;t:::0 p. m.
•uifl McAllister street: op n until 0:30 p. m. |
Vlt> Larfein tircot: «*u.?n until ft:30 p. rn.
TMl Mission street: < Tion until 10 p. tn.
22C.1 Market rlreet. earner Sixteenth: open
Eittfl !> f. m.
ZOC> Bterefttb Mre«t: open until 9 p. m.
K<W Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
North\v?>t corner Twenty-s?cond and Ken-
tucky stref'*: open until 0 p. m.
V2C0 I-'illmotv rtr«-"t: open wntll 9 p. m.
HEETIXC NOTICES.
.*.SYLt'M of Golden Gate Commanders' fc *_
No 1<>. K. T., <>25 Sutter st. — Special jfcft*
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 fCTi
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All
fraters are courteously invited.
H. D LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FKOLICH. Recorder.
STARR KING Lodg<\ U. D F. and A. B
M Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS _f\_
(MONDAY") EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. IJlf
First degree. By order of the W. M. ' "^ >
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOT«OMON'S Lodsre No. 260. m
F. and A. M., 1S39 Fillmore St.— _#\_
Second decree THIS EVENING, at >£5f
7:30 o'clock. ,'vl
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper.
in the Gray Lizard mine, in Butte County,
near Rackerby. to deposit tailings in Swedes
Flat Creek: from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Tannery mine, at Oregon Hill. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings in Oreson Creek:
and from Manuel Fernandez, in the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yifba
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.. on Jan-
uary 6. li»02. at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of S;*i Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house, 301
Montcomrry et., Pan Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
I', m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the eTisuinp year and the transaction of
fuch other *mslnp?s as may come- before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary-
San Franri?co. December 13. 1901.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 p.ijreF. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our nov-
elty machines to farmers and rig owners
FOOTE MFG. CO.'. Los Angeles. Cal. ■
ASl'lIALTl'M HOOKING.
CITY AfPHALTL'M Ca7«32 Market St.— Roofa,
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
A TTO It X E Y S AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton
ADVICE fi-ee; divorces private; bankruptcy;col-
lectlons: attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale:
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn ;fees low; open
eve's. THCRSTON. 100SV4 Mkt.. r. 4. opp.5th.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
w:« DAVIDSON, 02T Market Et.. opp. Maeon.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «t.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
U1CYCLES — For Sale or Esehange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
!arpot;t assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market 6ts.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
ro to 14^3 Market St.. S. F.
BISI.VESS CHANCES.
A— $2000: SALOON, about 20 feet fronT Call
building; rent $125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKS.
ZG 1 ? Kearny st.
A— $1000: PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen store close to Market st. ; good busi-
ness; only honest party need apply. Call K.
G. WILKE, 2*>ii Kearny st.
A — $1000; CORNER rro?">ry and bar on Taylor
et. ; rent $25; place establ. manv years aud
doing a good business; value in tight. Call
P.. Ci. WILKE. 2eVj Kearny st.
A— $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; eood business and finest iocation in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A — $<X»0; COFFEE Ealoon and restaurant estab-
lished years; first-class paying; located close
to Chronicle bldg.; bargain; call soon. R. G.
WILKE. 26 ij Kearny st.
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A — *900; SALOON including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat: rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $eCO; SALOON, Sansome st.; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26}£ Kearny.
A — $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth Et. ; rent
$60 net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»£
Kearny Et.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
ETE.VBERG & CO.. 759 Market St.
Phone Black 6491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business changes. Phone
calls propmtly answered.
BRANCH bakery produce delicatessen
Price only $55U
Rent $15 3 living rooms
For sale only by STENBERG & CO.. 759 Mkt.
$i(KX>— 60-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished; situated on very busy corner; 10 bay-
windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also
SO others: see us before you buy. MILES &
CO.. 927 Market 8t.. room 208.
?1P/i0— GROCERY and bar In Mission; good
bus.; estab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co., 'j27 Mkt.
Jf'OO — SALOON, with 3 rms. and cellar: money-
n-.aker. MILES & CO.. 927 Market St.. r. 208.
FOR SALE — At a great bargain, a. restaurant
and oyster house in good location; must be
sold by 24th. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Mar r
bet st.. room 2.
RE6TACKAXT. good location, good furniture,
must be Bold before Dec. 24; price $250; sac-
rifice sale; auction if not sold; Investigate
<j':ick; a snap. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market.
• $275 — BARBER shop. 4 chairs, old stand, near
Market, en <".th fit. ; $280. lodging-house, a
bargain, ltf rooms; cigar stand. J500, JOO0;
drug store. $2000. DECKER, 921 Market Et.
BARBER shop on a good busy street; 4 chairs;
_old rtand; $275. DECKER. 921 Market *j.
$225 — PARTNER wanted where profits are $78 j
per week ; no eipernce. See Decker. 921 Mkt. !
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone JatneT^TTir" j
0 Eridy St.. rooms 18 and 19. j
Hotel?, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery •
stores, cigar store?, ranches, oil lands, leases. (
Money to loan on any of the above. ;
MARKCT-ST. saloon: clears $150 month.. $1200 !
Market-st. restaurant; clears $100 mo.. 600 !
Restaurant; half, $50 or whole; snap.. 90 |
Cigar stand; Third St.: sickness 60 :
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market Et.; upstairs.
A— FOR eifrar rtanda that actually make money |
fff C. L. HEDGES. 4C1-4C2 Parrott bids- '
AN excellent commission house desires agen- i
dfv for Portugal from manufacturers or Job- i
her* for all kirds of articles; will take for j
cot account, novelties, patented articles,
<-tc. etc. Address RODRIGKES CARDOZO '
& CO.. rua dot- Far.queiros S4. 20 D Lisbon
i Portugal): bank references at disposal.
FOR SALE— Saloon, big dining-room and
kitchen; 8 furnirhed rooms upstairs; renf
and prire reasonable. Apply 45 Sacramento
St.. between 9 a. m. and 5 p. m.
OLD established Ftore in Fresno to exchange
for i)ror»F-rty about bay. Inquire 520 Wals-
T.-orth ave., Oakland.
$."•00 — STEADY man partner in a sure, safe,
reliable paying business; trial given before
buying. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine st.
BOCTK tor sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to V.\ L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle Et.,
FantaCruz. Cal.
KOI: eaie— A ccod planing mill in a lumber
;ard; locatf-d in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 4sr>. Healdsburs. Cal
CANDY, icecream stor*-; living rooms; preat
bargain; must cell. B. B. Trade, 320 Pine.
J FOR sale cheap — Splendidly located, well pay-
Ing rertaurant. Apply 1522 Kentucky st.
HARNESS chop for eaie. 305 Fifth St., near
Fo'.som.
CITY front lunch house and bar for sale. C20
Davis st.
$1WV— BLACKSMITH shop for Bale. 205 Eighth
etreet.
FOR sale — Call newspaper route; 5O0 names;
capy terms to buyer. Inquire tel. Kate 2047.
$200 — 3-CHAIR barber shop; sacrifice for a
quick sale. Call CIS Sacramento et.
/CANBY Etore and factory, with living room,
for «sle: account illness. 2474 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire -it 1C97 Folsom Bt.
A WEEK'S rew* for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 riagttv I*-. wr«r>;w>r for mailing, fl per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, etn
floor. 106 Market st.; advice free. ■ TeL Busb
Uil: abie body, of attorneys.
I.ODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE. j
H c! DECKEll L'~1020 Market st.
:W rooms: 2 entrances: ileais $200 $2200
33 rooms: S>Tronts: clears ¥200 2000
10 rooms; ftwntown : clears ?80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
20 rooms: on Ke.-irny 1400 I
J 8 rooms; rent $00; sickness 1250:
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000 |
10 rooms: downtown 700 |
22 rooms: trarieient: clears $150 1250 I
23 rooms; clears S100 050 1
100 rooms; clears ?4W »5000 I
<X> rooms:' clears S3, r )0 3H00 |
r>4-rocm corner house 4W0 |
10 rooms: on Eddy st 750 j
IS looms; en Third tit..... U5* !
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE., i
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market: |>hone Mint 790. I
A. CAMEEO:T&~CO.. Z \
SM Market st. and 8 Stockton st. I
Rooms 21. 22 and 2,1. Phone Bush 32S. ]
See our list of bargains. j
C2 r. : low rent: best house in city; never I
chang-ed hand.-: income $000: Investigate. |
53 r. : total expenses ?175;"apartmenti. ..$->2J0
30 r. ; rent $140; first-class room, houfce.. 3250 J
33 r.; rent $150; part offices; good house. 1S00 j
17 r. ; r£nt $45; cor. ; oak fur.; clears $100 850
11 r. ; Jcnes residence; nice home COO!
7 r. ; rent $43; modern flat: reduced 375
18 r. ; nice res.; good loc; fur., car., red. 1350
WINSTON & WOLF,
1028 Market st 1026 Market at.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) \
15 rooms, new, sunny cor., part cash..$lfiOO
17 rooms, sunny, nice yard, see this.... 1200
18 rooms, rent $60. part cash 1250
IS rooms, Geary St.. ex. for clear ppty
24 rooms, rent $45, sunny cor., paymts 600
22 rooms, rent ?52, N of Market, only. . G50
27 rooms, best corner In city, rent $100. 2500
46 rooms, cor., rent $115, investigate. . 2S50
A — Near the Call Buildincr.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
•MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market St., rms. 1-2.
— . Money to loan on lodg-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on my installment plan.
A NOTICE — Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 631.) 906 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
Largest list Eowest price Best terms.
A — NOTICE! — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.— We have C5
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying Investigate our list.
SriRITUALIS3I.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
JOHN SLATER: circle to-night. 8:15 sharp,
admission 50 cents; sittings to-day only, 10
to 4. 1809 Stockton St.. near Greenwich.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 1086 — Seancss Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., S:15 p.m. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 0.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings. 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializiner se-
ance; 5Oc; Monday eve. only. 325 Ellis st.
K. HEUSSMANN permanently located 1774
15th, nr. Guerrero; clr. Sun. eve., 25c; sit.
MRS. HANDLE Y, trance and bus. medium;
readings daily; affairs of life. 2703B Mission.
MME. THYES. all receive tests; Sun.. Tues.,
Thurs.,' S p. m., 10c; priv. read. i>93 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIKVOYAXTS.
ONE DOLLAR! .ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. |
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for l$>02.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
| FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
'■ domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 dally; 10. to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. Sh»-
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction jruart nteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, i« nermaner.tly located at 1200 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25. and
2G; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamn for pamphlet
with special terms. Dailv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. : readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE* AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have been to, w«» convince all. 00*
Kearny St.. parlors 1, 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25e and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays: hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215>4 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sipht;
diagnoses dlseaies with life reading;ladles50c,
g»nts$l : palm, and clair. sit. »1 50. 126 Turk
ISMAR. the Esyptlan GiDsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 r>. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market — Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium;, read-
ings $1 & $2: readings by mail: satlsfac. guar.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth ; open Sundays.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant: sci-
entific palmist: card reader. 1007V£ Market.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader-, la-
dies 25c; gents r»Oc; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
| MRS. MALLORY. 017 Howard, clairvoyant and'
I spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
f MRS. m! DAIN, '■ clairvoyant and card reader;
'■ ladies. 50c; gents, $1. 672 Mission st.
t CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
; only 10c; from 1 to S. 2fi2 Minna st.. near 4th.
I MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business mS-
' dium. price $1. 519V4 Leavenworth st.. S. F.
i MRS B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller.
j has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
; MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
1 advice: names pivfn: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
j ' '
' CARPET nEATIXG AND CLEAMSG.
■ WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPATTLDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
i Ing Works. S53-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
'MODERN CO.; steam cleaning. 3c: laying,
i cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301 : 023 Mission.
i AMERICAN Carpet-beatlns Works — Cleaning,
| 3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 25-12.
. ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
i RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
! CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
; 333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
: CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
; STEVENS. Mpr.. 33-40 8th Et. ; tel. South 250.
j J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatin-f Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROI'OIilSTS.
i INGROWING toenails, bunions and corns cured
; fpainless): no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
; ropodlst.lndorsed by med. proTn. 304 Stockton.
'■... COTTAGES TO LET.
i - — —..,.—,-,—.— - ■ --.- ,i
FURNISHED cottape. 6 rooms and bath: West-
ern Addition. Apply SHAINWALD & BUCK-
! BEE. ~~
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 MarkeVst!?~Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50: other flll-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain t-rowm, $."> up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-clars work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions - or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell 6t.
"A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings COc-
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work dont
. on weekly installments; lowest rates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/DECEMBER 23, 1901.
DFATT«TS — Comf»nn<Ml. ' •
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bid*?., extractions rlone pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty: gold
crowns. $3 50 uj.; plates, extractions free, $-t 50
up; 'office hours.9a.rn.to9p.nl.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D.. dentist,
room 24. ] 1 McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set ot teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
LOWEST nrices in S. V. ; painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 9C9 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR.— H. Q.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk pt.
DU.R.L.WALSH,"silT% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phor.e Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
Dr7"cREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gata ave.
IJRKSSMAlvERS AM) SKAMSTOESSES
McDOWEbL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL..
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course $4; classes in algebra, Anglo- Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,
Iree-hani drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archl-
- lecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACLJRDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY. Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
Catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
'new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST^
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduates & bookkeepers in accountg; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey assay cyanide; day, eve. ; est.-1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING— Hallett School; Mr. Harry Gates,
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
ing January. Alcazar Theater building.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor and voice
builder; Italian method. Concert and ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission: instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason et.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F. ;
founded 1SC3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page,cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
OBPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;teI. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — A position by neat woman as
housekeeper: good cook; with best of refer-
ence. Apply 162 JeEsie ot., corner Annie, op-
posite Palace Hotel.
WOMAN wants to do work by the day; is a
good cook. Apply at 204 Van Ness ave.
A LADY wishes to nurse confinement cases or
take care of invalids. Call or address 434
Jessie St., oft Fifth.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper and gen-
eral office work. Box 3139, Call office.
YOUNG woman, neat worker, would like posi-
tion chamber work or help in laundry. Ad-
dress box 3143, Call office.
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader
and amanuensis to an Invalid a few hours
daily or tri-weekly. Box 2185,' Call office.
WANTED — 2 lady pianists for lessons, physical
culture. ' Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st. ; call
Monday.
WANTED— By a reliable Eastern lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper, country town or. city.
MRS. A. P., 1119 Fifth St., Sacramento. Cal.
YOUNG German woman would like to do plain
sewing and mending. 215 Hickory ave. |
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 230% Third st.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MAN. good habits, wants a position to take
charge of lodgins-house or night clerk or
janitor: city or country; best reference. Ad-
dress 162 Jessie at.
YOUNG man, reliable and' sober. want» work
of any kind: is good waiter; wages no ob-
ject; good references. Box 2192. Call; .
YOUNG man (30) wishes work of any kind;
honert, sober and industrious. Box 3147,
Call office. ■
WILL pay $25 to the person who will secure
me' a position which will pay about $50 per
month, by mlddle-cge man of excellent hab-
its, such as night watchman or light porter
work of any kind. Address box 2172, Call.
A RELIABLE man with a good horse and
wagon would like to do hauling for come
firms; terms moderate. Address C. S., box
3105. Call office.
WANTED — A place by a man and wife, the
man willing: to work or do chores, the wife
a good cook: good references; terms reason-
able. Apply 3273 Nineteenth fit., nr. Howard.
HOTEL man from the East, age 35, wishes
position as clerk or manager;- experienced,
steady and reliable; no objection to country
Box 2372. Call. Oakland. ■
PAINTIN&, paper-hanging, kalsomlning want-
ed; have my owrt tools; for landlord and pri-
vate parties; reasonable; drop postal; will
can with samples. Box 2164. Call office.
BUTLER- VALET leavine California for the
East wants to make Journey as attendant to
family or invalid; city ref. Box 2179. Call.
A STRONG, steady man of 34 wants employ-
ment: can furnish good references. Address
box 3102, Call.
YOUNG man, strong, willing to make himself
generally useful, seeks a position with ad-
vancement; wages no object. Box 3142, Call.
WANTED by capable, reliable man; good fig-
urer and accountant; in office or store. Box
31C9. Call. -
BOOKKEEPING or other clerical work: age
21- good recommendation and experience.
Box 2170. Call.
A YOUNG machinist, understanding steam, gas
and gasoline engines thoroughly, desires po-
sition in or out of city. Box 2186. Call. .
MAN. strictly sober, 'wants position as night
clerk In hotel or lodging-house: can give ref-
erence or bond. Box 21G6, Call office.
YOUNG barber wants position afternoons, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 3138, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as ' cook in
private family. E. MORIMOTO,- 923 Sacra-
mento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore it
. FINANCIAL. '
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices: good propositions wanted: gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post St. /
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds, underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. j£ _
OAK. 1009— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
" looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic:
sun in every room ali day; fine location, view
and grounds. NW. cor. Portola and Waller
sts., between Pierce and-Steiner.
SCOTT. 3 — Sunny corner flat: 7 rooms, bath;
facing Duboce Park; marine view; $35.
POLK. C30. bet.Turk and Eddv— Modern middle
flat, 0 -rooms; rent $37 50; no children.
5 ROOMS, bath, yard. 25 Lloyd, bet. Scott
and Devisadero. Waller and Thirteenth; $15.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
5 o'clock. 79 South Park.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
MODERN 7-room flat: everything new; holiday
present for some one. Box 3141. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys alH^dr ofnio^hoid^goodT
;1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLDPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Danlcheff BioveTrder;
factory price guar. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 waitresses first-class city and country ho-
tels, $20 and $25; 3 restaurant waitresses,
$7 and $S; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20;
woman cook, $40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, San Rafael, $30; cook, American fam-
ily, $30; 5 housegirls, $25; second girls. $20
and $25; 3 nurseglrls, $15 to $20
A man and wife (waiter and waitress) to run
a small first-class commercial dining-room,
$45 and found
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .-...335 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary-
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Wanted for Southern California, young wo-
man as vegetable cook. $35
3 head waitresses $35-$40
50 waitresses, 50 chambermaids $25-$30
5 pantry girls $25 and $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
OPERATORS at Levi btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory. 82% Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary ; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches you in 3
weeks hairdressing. manicuring, massage;
entire course $5; eve. classes; positions guar-
anteed; more calls for help than we can fill.
College. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — 2 young, experienced salesladies for
candy store; steady place. Apply at F. O.
WAHLGREEN'S, 1427 Market at.
TAILORESS on custom coats at once. 430
Golden Gate ave. ,
TWO waitresses wanted. Palms Restaurant,
7S3 Market st.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework
and assist in cooking. 1218 A Fulton st.
GIRL for light s housework; over 15 years of
age. 1G29 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL to take care of baby and assist: $12;
good home. 819 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on ladies' tailor
garments who can make buttonholes by hand;
no other but first-class need apply. BARON,
22 Grant ave. .
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — First-class woman cook at 30 Lib-
erty st., near Valencia, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first sts. *
25 HANDSOME young girls wanted for con-
cert hall. 525 ',a Pacific st.; none under 13
need apply; 7:30 p. m.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin glove makers on
machine. F. G. Conklln & Co., 413 Sacramnto.
ENERGETIC, ambitious woman for good busi-
ness opening. Box 3140, Call office.
GOOD finishers on coats; high wases and
steady Job. 344 Tehama St., bet. 4th and 5th.
WANTED — A woman; good cook for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth st., corner Vermont.
GIRL to assirt in housework. Apply 791 Mc-
Allister St., near Octavia.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
at HALE EROS.' before 11 a. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — HALE.
A — MURRAY' & READY.. ..Phone Main 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Stableman, private family, country. .$25 & fd
Choreman, private family, country. .$25 & fd
Milker, make little butter.. $25 to $30 & fd
15 farm hands and teamsters $26 & $30
5 pruners, same orchard 4 choremen
4 laborers, mine, surface work.. ..$30 & fd
4 machinists $3 and $3 60 day
2 sash weight molders 4 blockmakers
Bookkeeper and stenographer, country ..
$40 and found
-. . HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel, $40; cake baker, coun-
try shop, $40; 9 cooks, 'different city and
country jobs. $30 to $50; 8 waiters; porter.
$20. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A WOODCHOPPERS
Big wages can be made on this Job.....
Virgin timber ..Level ground
25 men to; open up a woodchopping camp;
Job- will last 3 years; redwood, pine, oak.
hard wood; prices 75c to $2 per cord; cheap
fares; a good layout. MURRAY & READY.
034-636 Clay st.
COOK and wife, $40; hotel cook, country, $45;
waiter and bedmaker for country, $25 and
found; elevator boy, bell boy, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 028 Sac-
ramento st.
FLORIST for store, $12 week; 4-horse team-
ster, $30 and found; 3 men and wives, $35,
$40 and $45; first-class gardener; 4 carpenters
for country, $3 to $3 50 day; 3 boys to learn
trade. $5 week and Increase; 5 blockmakers,
$2 50 day; tlemakers, woodchoppers and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room
12 — 2 waiters, $25, country, free fare.
BOY wanted, between 14 and 16 years of age.
strong and willing to make himself generally
useful, in bookbindery. MALLOYE, 422 Sac-
ramento st.
EARNEST young man willing to work for his
tuition In California - Business College. 305
Larkin st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
BARBER wanted. 506 Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. Cal. .
FIRST-CLASS barber for evenings and Satur-
day and Sunday. 160S Devisadero st. ..
WANTED— A good, first-class barber. 7 Stock-
ton st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STEADY- man with $150 cash can make $73
month. Apply at 209 Kearny. St., room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted at 422 Sixth at.
WANTED — A first-class cook. 605 Montgom-
ery st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1224 Point Lobos
ave.; $15 and found.
BARBER wanted at 1069 Market at.
DISHWASHER at REIDY'S Hotel, 1504 Ken-
tucky st., Potrero. .
DISHWASHER wanted. 2626 Twenty-fourth
St.; call early. . ' ' ■
A WAITER wanted at 10 Powell «t.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
WANTED— Competent dental laboratory man
' with experience and references. Call National
♦ Tooth Crown Co., 2). Powell st.
SAILORS; ordinary, for ships for all 'parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and :J5: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over tt feet 1
inch: able- to -speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED — Coffee roaster; . gas roaster and I
grinding; must have experience; a sober and |
Industrious man will find steady employment j
in good house. Address, with references, box j
3130, Call office.
WANTED— Boy who lives with his parents to
run a passenger elevator in a wholesale
house; in answering state age and mention
references. Box 3133. Call office.
■^MANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. C35 Clay st. .
FIRST-CLASS orchestra violinist; steady work;
immediately. Bo t x glSO. Call office.
BOY for plumbing shop; call between 7:30 and
S:30. 623 Davis st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
WANTED — Bright young man - to sell toya.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m. .
WANTED — First-class bartender. Falace of
Art. 16 Post st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
• BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter 3t. '
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. 8, 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. THomas Post, G. A. R. j
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia '- st.
HORSES AN!J WAGON'S.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale ■
Wednesday, Dec. 25, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
2D-HAND wire wheel pneumatic ball-bearing
"•and Bailey buggy and bike cart; cheap.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FOR sale — 30 fine draught horses; weight from
1200 to 1600. Apply for further Information
at 1238 Stockton st.', from 11 to 12 a. m.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 005 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 MiEslon St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR sale or rent — Handsomely furnished new
modern 6-room fiat, close to the Panhandle;
very reasonable; departure cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 2191. Call office.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — Sunday morning, going from Oak and
Octavia sts. to Sacred Heart Church, ame-
thyst rosary. Return to 246'^ Oak St.; lib-
eral reward.
LOST — Fox terrier; white with black spots,
wearing red leather collar with sterling trim-
mings. Reward if returned to 657 Devisadero.
LOST — A fur tippet. December 10; liberal re-
ward. ASHTON & GARDINER. 114 Mont-
gomery st.
BROWN and white English setter dog. Return
GEO. WALTSON. 331 Pir.e; liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send TV for list. Mrs. Hertz. 7CK Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD 1'ILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
»t.; tel. Busb 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and 'in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my .medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate, nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
\V. O'DONNELL. 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, in midwifery^ases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement. $15) room and board, $5; infants
adopted; will take two to work at my private
resldence,606 Guerrero, nr. ISth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
80 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles* physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and C to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 112C Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician: 25 yra."
successful experience In S. F. Maternity
Home. 906 Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NO TOY KEE. ao Stockton st., opposite
Union «ouare: all diseases cur«<1 bv herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery.: Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Se'.s.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys."
etc. WHITF.LAW. 253-255 Spear St.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all slze3; cheap; also new
lot belting: half price of regular goods. ' II.
S. WHITE, 51«-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
■ St., upstairs.
TO be removed, two houses; 1G12-1C18 Wash-
i lngton st. J. R. POOL, 1124 Mission st. ; tel.
South 787..
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine, j
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery st.
KARAT pure white diamond stud, worth $125,
for $S0. M ANNIE'S. 32 Stockton st.
BEAUTIFUL white Polar bear skin rug; ele-
gantly mounted. Box 2189, Call.
PARTY must sell 3 diamond rlnss. M. B.,
box GSS. Call office.
A VERY fine old violin for sale. New Munici-
pal Loan Office, 617 Washington St.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth ?250 only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather Jined. $5.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. •
GASOLINE engines, all Flzes. new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. S96 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. .
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler'* steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. ~THK HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and bollera
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW ginger sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
1 complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOK 9,* Cni». I
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone*
bought. T. Fershtand. 125 Kearny St.. rm. »J |
BAK outfits, showcases: all lensths «-.na sizes. ,
_ JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st. j
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
.11ISCELLA.VEOIS WASTS. j
I WILL pay cash and~good prices for old seal- i
skins. Address at once, box 12C5, Call off.ee. |
T1LTON wants good second-hand clots ing and j
theatrical goods. 154 ath St.; tel. Folsom SiST.
LADIES' *c gents' good ici-hand clothing Doughl !
& sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom:tel.Folsom 11S»1. J
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress 6c Tux- j
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 2-1 Stockton, j
MOJ^J^JTO^IXJAN^ j
HE^!ilAN~lvilJKFHY. 603 Examiner building, j
$4,000,000 at lowest rates I
on first and second mortgages |
Life interests in estates i
. Property being held in tnut-
Undivided Interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
: If You Need Money I
BEE HERMAN MURPHY. COS Examiner big. j
AA— MANHATTAN* LOAN CO. (Inc.). j
$.:00.00O at SJ4 & G per cent in sums to suit; I
City,. Oakland. Town and Country property; I
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi- J
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in- p
terests in real estate and l«.;acjes: will pur- |
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker Mdg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
i Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount: C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
. interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1»>,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGK E. OLSEX.
A~RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
• proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan ;
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black -6471.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; aay
amount: lowest rates: open evenings 7 to H
BECKER & CO.. J>27 Market St. room C13. »
: t
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 160^.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances ori diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4rt Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. ,-Branch 10 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 2B Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- !
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 p»r cent per 1
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building. |
JX)WEST rates on furniture, etc., by private [
party; no removal; no commission; confHen- j
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones. [
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 6S.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no rs-
moval: open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy st. j
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no j
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mrkt. j
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bids.
MONEY W ANTED.
LOAN of $4000 wanted on improved country
property, valued $7000; 8 per cent. Box
3146. Call.
MUSICAL IN STU "UMEN'i'S.
ORGANS fronT$35 to 5 1000. BYRON MAUZy)
30S Post st. -"
FREE concert at BYRON MAUZY' S every
afternoon and evening, Cecilian Piano Player.
308 Post st.
HALLETT & DAVIS $35
Raven & Bacon 60
Weber - 100
Chlckering 125
Dunham ." 150
Fleischer 175
Arlon 200
BYRON MAUZY, 3CS Post st.
CHRISTMAS bargains; slightly used high-
jrrsde pianos: ;
Steinway .$350
Lester 350 j
Byron Mauzy 350
Sohmer 40O
Schmer Baby Grand 650
BYRON MAUZY. 303. 310. 312 Post st.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co.; sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments; big allowance for
old pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased;
our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the Jie.lidKys to clear out
our slightly used goods; ".moni; them are all
the standard makes, Vcym $25 up to $350;
open evenings during this sale. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
WHY not make a present of a piano? We need
room. • •
1 Sommer $27 1 Fischer $42
1 Vose $29 1 Zech $'J<> |
1 Heine $205 1 Steinway $285
and 50 others at reduced prices for Christmas; |
all guaranteed and can be exchanged at full j
value any time within 3 year3.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary ft.
AT this stage of the holiday business we can
only ask you to call and let us show you
our goods. The prices and quality will con-
vince you that we are giving the very best
pianos for the lowest prices of any reliable
house, and we guarantee everything we sell
to give satisfaction; pianos as low as $75.
We take cash or payments. Wissner, Decker
& Son, Baumeister, Steger and Singer are our
best sellers. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7C9 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our placo stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most rellabl»
leakers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of J6 per month; son; good
pianos for $3, H and %S per mouth. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter rts.. San Francisco: cor-
■ ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from 135 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
f-econd-hand organs from J2S up: new upright
pianos from *1T5 up. BENJ. CURTAZ ft
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farre'l. Chickerlng. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Ste'rllng pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85; six-octav»
Mason & ' Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
ttein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 2 years and full purchase price ai-
- lowed on. a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
tt.: established 1S50.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new hlgh-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize, advances and storage: dirt cheap (In-
stallments): open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market st.
A large shipment of LUDWIG pianos ju3t ar-
rived; also the new CHASE & BAKER seir
piano players.
OUR pianos, the leadine makers; price $100
upward: values jest In the city. PIEKCE"3
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
FOR sale on account death: beautiful new
standard upright piano; fully guaranteed.
777 Geary St.: bargain.
$17? — A RARE chance; fine - upright •
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hinemln Blf.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Walsworth ave.. Oakland.
UNEEDA piano for the holidays; rent one-
total cost $5. r>6O Hayes Kt.
A STEINWAY upright; must be sold; no rea-
sonable offer refused. Eox 2150. Call.
FOR SALE — Weber, nearly new; party must
have some cash. Box 2149. Call.
PARTY going away will- rent or sell upright
piano very cheap. Box 2143, Call. *
COMPELLED to sell account departure new I
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary, i
PIANO free: rcrty will give use of piano to '
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary. |
J125 — SCHLKIP uprisrht, excellent con-lit Ion
$75: Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new IT
MT7LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p!ae-!
AT KEEFFF/S 11 Turk st.. near Market-
Fl-;onlng»r. Fchnh^rt nr\A St»lignr Tw» realm.
OFFICES AND STORES TO UF.'T~
STORE. 30x30 with basement 40:cS0; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade
Apply at 143 First st. "* uc -.
PACIFIC. 32S— Newly fitted up store; cheap;
also store, S04 Sansome St.. $10.
GEARY. 2301. cor. Broderick"— I Store suitable
for grocery and bar. Apply 2303 Geary at.
Falace of
OIL.
OIL tanks, second ham). In good order;
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. M« Mlsslonfst.
PALMISTRY.
MME. ZELLA. palmist and card reader; 2."c
and 50c. 783^ Market st.; bring this ad.
H JEROME FOSELL1. scientific palmist. &15
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post ; tel. Black 5«1.
SEERGAARU, president St. Germain CoRsse.
r?ads from 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 23:^
PAINTERS AND DECOHATOKS.
ROOMS papereJ from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Red ::»Ci.
PATENTS A.\D PEASIONS^
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Oeo. P. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner hlcig.
PERSONALS.
AX elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suite we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
■ WHY Guess? You can be certain of style an^l
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. pntf?rn3
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1C21 Market st.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods: electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc., removed by else-im^
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. . 1258 California f-t.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to* $1 50 per night; SI 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing. manicuring, shampoo-
ing etc. at moderate prices In America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON,"
324 Post St.; switches at bargain prices.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments tailor-made suits, skirts, on
installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. US Geary St.. NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron beda. single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Sing Chons & Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 5('«S Geary, Det. Taylor & Jones. wher»
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
"WRINKLES removed, scientific method. 50c;
hairdressing, 25c: manicuring, 25c: shampoo-
- ing. 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton gt.
jl if your hair la falling or you are bald call en
Dr.G. S.Moore. S32 O'Farrell: send for circular.
jV VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. TC3 Valencia st., cor. 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B< RAY. 457 Minna it.
'■ ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 42" Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
LADIES — I will give you valuable Information
: free. Ad. MME. DeHAVEN. box 2130. Cg^ :
| Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles remor.-e^
Ijy electric needle. 068 Sutter: tel. Larkin 3171.
' MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
! Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
i cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 BO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT."
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDTTMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural tolor; $1: at all druggists.
50O MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
D^T7r^7~O^b^f^i2L^67f!cT"a^^esia r e^^
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-7R6 Clny st. : see testimonials at office.
| . PLANING AND) TURNING 3IILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turnlne-. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 12C6 Market st. ; treatment free; onljr^
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms' 9-10;tel.53SO.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. -Black 1124. 205 4tU.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 C'.h.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
G^E^^^ARG^iSTsnBrTYP^W^rTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 533 California : telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :estimate free. 20!> Sansome.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SAZi*;.
$5600— HANDSOME flats, well rented: Liberty
st. ; choice location. Owner, box 3110. Call.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
nFOR^ALE^NEAR^AN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. : future value .assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best fcr poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for pana-
thlets and Information.
: PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach & prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson. 6 Eddy st. -i
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addresa In- th*
United States or Canada on» year for it.
POULTRY and dairy ranches- for sale; write for
free list. . C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEBA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMED A REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: V4 cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
RERKK1.EV RKAI. ESTATE.
$3700 — IX the Hillegass Tract; fine 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath: thoroughly mod-
ern; connected with nas and electric lights:
lot 50x156; street work ali done; only 5 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MASON,'
Be-«celey Station.
ONLY one left: new house of 9 rooms and
bath: combination fixtures; Sunshine water
heater; fine corner lot: street work all dona;
near the station and electric cars; price
$3oC0.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from J200O to
J3CC0 en terms of from KO to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern an.1
have torn 6 rocma and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roa-Jj
riving the same service and time as the CiVi
land local from Seventh and Croadway £?
Ean Francisco. Further Information apply
A. J. SNYDER.
4S7 Ninth «.. Oakland, CaL
Or Branch Office
A. J. SXYDER.
AdW.n* RtatioT-. BerkeVy.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
iOAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S. M. DODGK & SON. "" "
1100 Broadway. Oakland.
$3200 — Something extra nice In the way of a
| modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
t land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x12.,; 7 rooms
: and hrth. Tnil and let us show you this.
i mmmmm^ mm — . — — — — — — — 7— — — — — j
; OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
•KMNY lower flat. S large rooms: electric ser-
vice througr^ut; 2 coal and I gas grate; larx*
comer lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees ana
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; wlil ram
low to Fati.<actory permanent tenant: Eizhti)
av*. electric cars, corner Washinston and
! Eirhth st». . rnme within 1 block. Call or
• address icr.9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
' OAKLAND KOOMS .1ND HOARD.
TI-FE Fifth Avenue House — Fumlshe.l sTrAt
rooms, with or without board; at reasonable
j rates: 2 car lines; short walk to local. Fifth
I ave. unrt Eighteenth at.
OAJil^NO^FUKNri'liaE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. tichpllhaas th«
i Xuraltur* dealer. 11th and Franklin, PuklaiH.ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 351—8 connecting furnished htjuse^
kwping. $12: alfp tingle. $* to ?7.
GEARY, 1225 — Ray-window parlor; mantel, '
large closet: liall bedroom; housekeeping.
McALLISTHR. 0S1— Large furnished room ruit-
able for bOMCteeping.
OCTAVIA. H03. comer Geary — Sunny bay-
window; eas etove; large closet.
Sl'TTKR. HU"i— Newly furnished suite and
kitchen; cas range; complete for hounekpg.
CLASSIFIED Viflvertii-emcnt* and subscription*
jxcclvcd at Cr.ll branch office. -2200 Fillmore.
A DSAKCH office lor Call ndvert'.semenu and
eub&crlptionsi has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROO*U$ TO LET — Fnrn. at-d~Unfarni
A1WVLE Hotel. 1^4 McAllister— Xciv, elegant."
tunny; GriU attached; 7*»c day upward; ratea
by we« k or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BKUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Itoorus.
2Jc to *1 iifr nlf-ht; Ji 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping room»; open all night.
BURNETT. 1120 Market (old No. "304)— Fur-
nirhed rrr.».. «altc«. tingle; alto unfurnished.
CLIKKOUU. 204 Kill*, ccrner Mason— Elogantly
lurnlfchod sunny rocrns; pr:c«« reasonable.
i:L;.:S. 321 (Mctart)— Nlcrly furnished rooms,
opc. tl «) night: $1 r.'J. $0 \vk.; open nil night.
FRANCISCO HOTEL^EfeKant Vultes; «incle;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GKAKY. 4C5 (The Navarre)— SleRar.tly furnish-
[- _t tu:te * r -^ tingle: travelers accommodated.
riAllRISOX. T8*'i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
n:phcd rcx)ms; b«th; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HYDE, lljflti — Sunny rooms; everything new;
for tentlemen.
JEESIEL 303. r.ear Fifth and Market— Fur-
nished room. $.">; larpe front room, $S.
S11XNA. OCT. corner tiphth— Newly furnished
bay-wlndo-v room; ?1 jier week; transient.
NEW AHLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
tished rocms: ?^ a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211— Nicely furnished large. sunny
front bey window room.
PO".VEL,L,, 20T — NicelyTumlshed sunny suites;
eirfcle rooms; running water; phone Black
4S-.>9.
OI'AT'.RELL. "0 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTKR. .-Sf-i-j (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to t": sin;r!e=. 52 to $r> per week: transient.
CLASSIFIED Ldv«rttflcmeBtl and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscripts ns has teen established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts —
In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
loss; choice sunny suits; first class.
TH!-: Irvinsdale. C2(J Eddy — Suite suitable for
t!-.rr-« Rentlcmen with board, $«•; single rooms
I 1th i-oard. $22 t>3 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpcr.t, 41S Ellis — Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
Uinlnjr-room.
BUSH. 22i5— Room and board to let in nice
'■ privmtt family. j
CALIFORNIA. SC7 <s\evenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
II.'.r.RISON, 1122B— McKiern Rat; one large
rooin. one singrle; with or without board.
THE Victor. 100G Pine 6t. — Sunny rooms; ex- i
cellent board; also board without rooms. i
VAN XESS, ol9— Handsome furnished apart-
raents; conv.; 2 to 5 gents: beEt table board.
MARA. BIS Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent beard; terms reasonable.
HOTEL P.e;>f>!;er. TSI Sutter— Newly furnished;
fxcoller.t table; special rates to tourists.
. ROOMS WAXTED.
3 FURNISHED rooms fcr housekeeping, or will
board with family; references exchanged.
Box 2170. Call office.
I J JEKCE-RODCLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
• 'ilice Pest and Powell sts. ; tel. Slain 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Stcraee Warehouse. S*r Mis- I
i-ion st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Movincr Com-
pany, "*i.?20 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
UHKINS Van ar.d Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
lei. Main l^U); shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO— For the half year ending December
" 31, 1C01, a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (.'>) per cent per annum on all
•ippnsits. free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday. January 2. 1902. GEORGE A.
STORT, Cashier.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
0O3CPAXT, corner California and Montgom-
en'^fts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber :il. 1901. dividends have been declared j
' deposits in the savings department of this ,
company p> follows: On term deoosits at i
The rite of 3 0-10 per cent per annum, and
SB ordinary cepcFits at the rate of 3 per cent I
■;er annum, frr-e of taxes and payable on and |
alter Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividends !
uncalled for ere added to the principal and
b^ar the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and :;:ter January 1, 1902. J.
DALZELL. BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRAXCLSCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cal-
ifornia rt.. corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December. 1901, a
dividend hay been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredths
'" 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 10^. LCV-LL WHITE. Cashier.
THE Germa-r. Savings and Loan Society. C2f?
«?alifcm:a «t.— F^r the half-year ending with
December 31. 1901. a dividend has been de-
clared c* iho rate cf three (M) per cent per
rrinurn on oil deycslts. free of taxes, pay-
r.Mo on nM after Thursday, January 2,
JB*>2. (iTnrr.v toitiw. pprretHrv.
tJSXiJLii AD*"EUTJSEMl£XTS.
**UUfeIXE£a Men's Legai Bureau," consulta-
t:cr> free: in bankruptcy and divorc* proceed-
!ncs= rnrties not rcc;t;!r»d to ro iiiin court.
Rfr.T-i Cll. T*r:g»*i:n<»r hlflg- rhnr.f Black 3604.
BIRTEs — MABBIAQES— DEATHS
Eirth. marriaze and death notices sent by
rr.a.ii will not be inserted. They must be handed
in a.t either of the ;jub!'cation offices and be
indorsed witb the name and residence of jjer-
... authorized io have the same published.
B0EN.
CRONIN— In this city, December 17, 1001, to
.'he wife of William F. Cronin. a son.
DIED.
Allen, John Kane. Isabella M.
Armstrong, William Kraus, itobert
Baudt-ndit'tel. Annie Levy, Morris
iiotz. Oeorcc I'. O'lirien, Mary A.
! "raven. J<;m J. O'Neiil, Annie
Cook, I'ardon A. 1'omeroy, h"iavel C.
U<nir:ii.. VKomas J. lioche, Marj-
Elial;, Lipman Snyder, William J.
FlemmJnx, Mrs. 15. Truby, Sadie
Grady, Juha Tulmore, John
HarkVit, Margaret Valpntine, John J.
HowJey. I'atrick Whelton, Cornelius
ALLEX — la tiiis city. December 11>. 1901, John,
1-t-ioved tausljand ot Catherine Allen. lather
of Annie E. Allen, ilrs. i~. i>. Haunsell, Jlrs.
T il. Harn, tne late itev. J. W. and Nicho-
las J. Allen, and brother of Mrs. O. S. Car-
viil and the lute Mrs. James Badger, a na-
•ive of AUienry, County Galway, Ireland.
iryFri'-'rjds and acqiiaintancfcs are respect-
k 'ullv invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
• (Monday), at 1> o'ciock, from his la.te resi-
dence. U»VS Broadway, thence to ,«t.
3/irld'B Church, whore a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repote ot his soul,
<imr*encin;- at i>:'M o'clock. Interment Holy
Crom Celinttry. J 'lease omit flowerts.
AX~i*A--'^HO"<H — In lierUeley, IJeceruber 20,
•"Ooi yflSimsa. clearly beloved husband of
ilai'v Arrr.etronK, and father of Maria and
<>rn:ei Armstrong, a native cf Plits. Ger-
t?'i : 'riends and acguaintances are respect-
'olTv invited to attend the funeral to-day
'vo'n&vl it ft.'.iO o'clock, from his late re«l-
■ if-rioe 2^15 Grant street, thence to St. Jo-
jlnh'i Cburcb. where a solc-mn requisna mass
-rill be celebrated ior the repose of his soul,
oonuseDdns at '•♦ o'clock, thence to connect
■•■'th 'he 12 o'clock crock boat for Han l-'ran-
oisco. Inifrrrent Holr Cross Cemetery, by
olectric <:a.rs.
UAI-*L>"'?*!>"-*=' r 'EL — In this cltj'. Dwember 22,
2901, Annie, dearly beloved daughter of
Frank and Annie Baudendlstel, an<J loving
sister of Frank and the late August Bau-
dcndiEiel, a native of San Francisco, aged
:; years a.nd 12 days.
BUTZ — In licrkeley. December 21. 1901. George
>».. Ijeloved husband of Emma C. Betz. son of
Henry and the late Maria Betz. and brother
of.. Thomas K. Bern and Mr.-. Andrew Frick,
;i native of Oakland, aged 32 years 7 month*
and 0 days. A member cf Tecumseh Tribe
"Co. V.". 1. O. H. M. (Sacremento and lied
jMuff pni-ers ;rlease copy.»
jr^TFrit'isds and s>ccua.lntances are respect-
fully invited to sitttnd the funeral services
lo-dV,v (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
v residence of airs. Andrew Frick, corner of
J "• Channing way and Shattuck avenue, Berke-
ley. Interment -Mountain View Cemetery.
CRAVEN — In this city. December 21. 1001,
John J. Craven, a native of Illinois, aged 72
j-^ars.
(CTTrienils and acquaintances are respect-
" ?ully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery^
COOK — In this ciiy, December 22. 1001. Pardon
Avery Cook, beloved husband of Lizzie J.
Cook, and father of Laura and Inez Cook
and Mrs. Ii. T. Swan, a native of Wren-
tham, Mass., asred VJ years 10 months and
i?J days.
CCVTho funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), from his late residence, 2212 Sut-
ter street. Interment strictly private. Please
omit flowers.
DOUG AN— In this city, December 22, 1001, at
his xvldenee, Twelfth street, Thomas J.,
beloved husband of Annie Dorgan. and
lather of Thomas A., John L., Mary, Charlie,
Kdw&rd. Annie, EiJeen, Hlchard, Joseph and
Alice Dorgan, a native of London, England,
at. d 5i years.
JC7"^*otlce of funeral hereafter.
ELIAS— Entered unto rest, in this city, De-
cember 2'2, 11*01, Llnman, beloved hucband
of the late Cecelia Ellas, beloved father of
Mrs. Moses FltflHhmun and Israel, Isaac and
the lato Michael lllla«. and brothei* of An-
Lhcl Klian. l J )illip lSllaa of New York and
Hlrsh Klias of ivsen, Germany, a native of
Sc-hwcifcnz, Germany, aged 70 years and a
months.
ItyFrlcnda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late rwidonce, 2320 Washington street. In-
terment Hills of Kternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
ttreete.
FLEMM1XG— In this city, December 20, 1001.
Mrc. Eliza Flemmins-. a native of County
Tyrone. Ireland, aged SO years.
0*7* Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 20 Fifth
Street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GHADV— In this city, December 22. 1001, John
Grady, a native of Germany, aged 70 years.
KACKETT— In Oakland. December 22. 1001.
ilarearet Hackett. dearly beloved mother of
James. Itose, Jennie and the late Margaret
Hackett, a native of Killarney, County
Kerry. Ireland, aged CO years.
(nJ" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 'M'2 Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a reciuiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:.'!0
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
HOWLEY — In this city, December 22. 1901,
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary Howley,
father of Katie Howley, and brother of
James Howley and Mrs. P. J. Noone, a na-
tive of the parish of Kilmactigue, County
Slij-o. Ireland.
IC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
KANE — In this city. December 20, 1901, at
her residence. 7C0 Eddy street, Isabella M.,
beloved widow of the late Dr. F. B. Kane,
and mother of Dr. Robert F.. Francis B.,
Emilie M., J. Henry and Eulalia I. Kane, a
native of Ireland.
Ej^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets depot.
KHAUS— In this city, December 22, 1901, Rob-
ert Kraus, beloved son of Edmond and Eliza-
beth Kraus, and brother of Edmond and
Elizabeth Kraus. a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 yeares il months and 28 daya.
tC5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his Barents, 29U1 Folsom 6treet, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LEVY — In this city, December 21, 1901, Mor-
ris, beloved husband of the late Fannie
Levy, dearly beloved father of Mrs. Uriel J.
Tuska and Ophelia C. and Eugene W. Levy,
and brother of Edward R. Levy of Folsom,
Cal., a native of Prussia, aged 78 years 11
months and 9 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), fit 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 840 Broderick street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, bv 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
O'BRIEN — In this city, December 21, 1901,
Mary Ann, beloved wife of the late Felix
O'Brien, beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph
Richards and Mise Katie Purcell and the late
Charles O'Brien, and eister of Mrs. Sarah
Dowling, Mrs. Michael Facen and Mrs.
Michael Mullany, a native of County Ros-
commen, Ireland, aged 54 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
-esidence, 46 J 2 Norfolk street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEILL. — In Vallejo, December 22, 1901, An-
nie, beloved wife of T. J. O'Neill, and
mother of John. Mary. Annie, Rose, Joseph,
Angela, Leo and Gertrude O'Neill. Mrs. J.
F. Wallace and Mrs. M. K. Carr, a native
of Ireland.
POMEROY — In this city, December 21, 1901,
Flavel C. Pomeroy, a native of New York,
at'oJ 76 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of Haleted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment at San Jose.
ROCHE — In this city, December 20, 1901,
Mary, wife of John Roche, a native of
Croom, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 53
years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors'
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem hiKh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
SNYDER — At sea. December 16, 1901, Wil-
liam J. Snyder (late of Virginia City, New),
dearly beloved husband of Katie Snyder, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 40 years.
TRUBY — Departed this life in this city, De-
cember 21. 1901. Sadie Truby. sister of Har-
riet and Mapgie Truby, Mrs. George Smitn
and Samuel Truby, a native of Pittsburg,
Pa. (Pittsburg. Pa., papers please copy.)
• CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1203 MiEsion street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
TULMORE— In the City and County Hospital,
December 22, 1901, John Tulmore, a native
of Massachusetts, aged (JO years.
VALENTINE — At his residence In East
Oakland, Cal., December 21. 1001. at 1:23
a. m., after an Illness of some four months,
John J. Valentine, president of Wells, Fargo
& Co., a native of Bowling Green, Ky., aged
61 years.
E? Funeral services will take place at tho
Church of the Advent. Twelfth avenue and
Sixteenth street. East Oakland, to-day (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock. Interment private.
WHELTON* — In this city, December 21, 1901,
Cornelius, beloved husband of Honora Whel-
ton, and father of Cornelius, Nellie arid Ettie
Whe'.ton, Mrs. George K. Liddle. Mrs. K.
Forster and the late Margaret Whelton, a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 74
vears.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at S:3fl o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1208 Buchanan street, thencs to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully Invited to attend. Interment Holy
Crrss Cemetery.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL, P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALHER5,
20 Fifth st.. <-'Ppcsite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BKTJNO HILLS.
OFFICE OIS MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
I Mf W 1-1KM Ur5 U;>iDfc.4TAKIiRS.
5 Samuel McFadden. 18 ycurs manager for
I Ike United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
G McBreariy. with the game company for IS
B years; P. F. Green, late v.'ith J. C, O'Con-
6 nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
S lor» «t 1171 MiFficn street, between Seventh
P nnri Eighth. Tclcphon* South 44.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUS13.
E McMellin, Oaklanu ;.T ErickKon, S Leandro
C F Johnson. Mexico [ L Erickson, S Lcandro
G E I^owls, Cal : C Carlson. S Leandro
J A Smith. Anton 'Miss Carlson, K Lean
S Helen, Mill Valley Q W Helionger S Jose
F E Fifher Kayward""|O Xcwton, Antioch
E J O'Eoyle. Vallejo J Pollock & w, Cal
G A Bennett. AlturasiJ R Toiler Ky
S Xeer, Georgia ID B Hurnoil, Oregon
J K Shafer. Salinas ; \V Osborn & w. Stktn
C Falconer & c. Chgo ; M F Holland. Cal
Mrs A Carson, Texas, O W Hubhard, Austin
Miss O.Olsen, Texas iH C Denny & w, Seat!
A C Lindsay. AlamedaiJ Mlchela, w & s, Cal
W P Loveil, Chicago 'Mrs Marshall. Aptos
G N Merrltt & vr. Cal Miss Marshall. Aptos
H Van Wapener, Cisco ,D J Kinzic, Florida
S McCowan & w. S Jos' J S Rweestor. Novato
G McMulicn. Cal j A Johnston, Idaho
J T Long, Keno K W Jones, Chicago
J H Hewitt, Chicago I R Edwards. Rt Louis
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,.
C E Schr.oider, Cinn |T F Kenny, Manila
E Eng, Cincinnati |A AVrijrht. Oakland
J J Stratton. Cinn D O Doubleday. Minn
W S liunner, Phila " M S Lemoa, Alameda
i: McCarty. Pa W H Jenn!np3, Manila
F Ely & w, Jamestown W McDonald. R Vista
J S Herndon, Ashland G Heinsch, Alameda
A Houck. Pennsylvania G l^-Roberts, Sulsun
G Lasseur, Portland lO L Sullivan, Wichita
J C McDonald. Manila !j W MarchinBton.Kans
T Anderson, V\ r Ichita
A Girl's Apt Essay on Boys.
"The boy is not an animal, yot they can
be heard to a considerable distance.
When a boy hollers he opens his bier
mouth like frogs, but girls hold their
tongue till they are spoken to, and they
answer respectable and tell just how it
was. A boy thinks himself clever because
he can wade where the water is deep.
When a boy grows up he is called a hus
band and he stops wadingr and stays out
at nights, but the grown-up girl Is a
widow ar.d keeps house."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 11)01.
OVERDUE VESSEL
NARCISSUS SAFE
She Comes Into Port at
Noon With a South
Sea Fleet.
Is Delayed Off the Horn
by Calms and Light
Winds.
It was arrival day on the front yester
day and the Australian fleet made a
splendid showing. Among those that
came in from Newcastle, Australia, were
the Balmoral, 78 days; Invercauld, 70
days; Strathdon, 67 days; Cralgern, 67
days; Eva Montgomery, 70 days, and the
lmberhorn, 81 days. Not one of tho fleet
had anything out of the ordinary to re
port.
Among the other arrivals was the Cas
sard, 151 day3 from Swansea; the overdue
Narcissus, 191 days from Genoa; the
Mauna Ala, 19 days, and the Mohican 21
days from Honolulu, while the Kennebec
and half a dozen others were outside at
sundown.
The Narcissus was considered overdue,
and the underwriters were paying the
gamblers a good rate when she showed up
off the heads. The Kennebec was on her
way from Acapulco for Puget Sound, but
probably puts in here for orders as she
has recently been purchased by George
E. Plummer. Both vessels have only
light winds and calms to report. . •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December 22. I
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, '11 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Moss
Landing, etc.
Stmr \V H Kruger, Krog, 39 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schaze, 87 hours from
Anacortes.
Stmr Cella, Adler, 21 hours from Mendoclno.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridpett, 37 hourB from
Redendo.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 45 hours from
San Pedro.
Btmr State of California, Thomas. 42 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 76 hours from Graya
Harbor.
Ship Kennebec, Gammons, 38 days from Aca
pulco; bound for Pugret Sound; put in on ac
count of crew being sick.
Fr ship Hoche, Lucas, 140 days from Swan
sea. .
Ital ship Narcissus, Ansaldi, 191 days from
Genoa.
Br bark Invercauld, Jackson, 70 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Br ship Eva, Montgomery. Harrison, 70 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Br sTiip Balmoral, Roop, 7S days from New
castle, Aus.
Br ship Craifferne, McBrlde, 85 days from
Sydney, via Newcastle, Aui.
Br ship Inverhorn, Lever, 81 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Mohican, Kelly. 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 19 days from Hono
lulu.
Fr bark Conetable de Richemont, Horeux,
15G days from Swansea.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 4 ■ day»
from Coos Bay. *
Schr Serena Thayer, Hansen, 4 days from
Eureka.
Schr Bella, Johnson, 6 days from Siuslaw
River.
SAILED.
Sunday, December 22.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krce, Tillamook.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, Pigeon Point.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, Eureka.
Dutch ship Nederland, Wiebes, London.
Br Bhip Anglesey, Thomson, Queenstown.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, Kahulul and
Makaweli.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl, Willapa Harbor. -
■ Bktn Chehalls, Knudson, Columbia River.
Schr Lillebonne, Helander, Grays Harbor; in
tow stmr W H KruKer.
Rchr John A, Nlllson, Astoria.
Schr Monterey, Panzer, Coos Bay.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, Coos Bay. . .
Schr Conflanza, Olsen. M.endocino.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 22. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DIED AT SEA.
Nov 28, on board ship Kennebec, J O Hell
man (seaman), a native of Finland, age 23"
years, died and was buried at sea.
SPOKEN.
Per Fr shli> Hoche — Dec 8, lat S3 N, Ion
131 W, schr Admiral, from Guayaquil, for Port
Tovr-nsend (since arrived).
Per bark Mauna Ala— Dec 11, lat 32 N, Ion
156 W, shiv> Benjamin F. Packard, from Hono
lulu, for Port Townsend.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship Cralgerne, from Newcastle, Aus,
Dec 22 — Sailed Oct 10; had SE winds to the
north end of New Zealand; had ENE to NNE
winds to the equator, which we crossed on
Nov 25, in Ion 132 33 W; had easterly and
ESE winds to 7 N; ENE winds to 28 N, from
thence to port variable winds.
Per Br bark Invercauld. from Newcastle.
Aus, Dec 22 — Sailed Oct 13; had westerly an-i
SW winds, hauling to SE to 21 S, Ion 174 E;
had easterly winds to 2i» S; had ESE winds
to 23 S: had NNE winds to the equator;
crossed Nov 20, Ion 146 35 W: had ENE winds
to 17 N, ESE winds to 38 N, from thence to
port variable winds. Nov 30. on the equator,
found the cargo heated, the temperature of the
hsat being: 100 degrees.
Per Br shin Balmoral, from Newcastle,
NSW, at San Franclooo Dec 22 — Sailed from
Newcastle, NSW, Oct 5; had fresh NE winds
to the north end of New Zealand; for 10 days
had northerly to Ion 1(59 W: had light SE to
lat 30 S: had ENE to NNE winds to the equa
tor; orofsed the equator 40 days out In Ion
138 W; was 14 days frcm equator to lat 30 N;
have been 18 days from thence to port, with
light ENE to NNE winds and calms.
Per Br ship Eva Montgomery, from Newcas
tle, •VSViT, at San Francisco. Dec 22 — Sailed
from Newcastle, NSW. Oct 13; had fresh ESE
winds to lat 31 S; had ENE to NNE winds to
the equator: crossed the equator- Nov 28, in
Ion 141 21 W; had light ENE lo NNE winds
to r>ort.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .*.
EUREKA — Sailed Dec 22 — 8tmr Eureka, for
San Francisco. '
Arrlyerl Dec 22 — Stmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro."
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 'Si— Schr Ida
Bchnauer, hence Dec S. Dec 22 — Bark Fresno,
hence Dec 10.
SEATTLE-— Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Santa Ana.
for San Francisco: stmr City of Topeka, for
Skag"way.
NEW WHATCOM — Sailed Dec 22 — Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Dec 22— Schr
Admiral, from Guayaquil; bark Fresno, henc*
Dec 10. for Port Gamble; Br ship Avenger,
from Coqulmbn.
PORT HALOOK — Arrived Dec 22 — Bktn Re
triever, from J?an Pedro.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 2- — Bark Cambrian
Chieftain, from Valparaiso.
Sailed Dec 23— Bark Oweense, for Queens
town, for order*.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Minne
liaha, from London ; stmr Statenda.ni. from
Rotterdam; stmr Celtic, from Liverpool and
Queenstown; U S army transport McClellan,
from Manila. Gibraltar and Bermuda.
QUEENSTOWN— Railed Dec 22 — Stmr Um
brla. frrm Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Frlcs
land. from Now Vnrk.
Fa!1o<l Doc 22 — Stmr Zeelp.ml. for New Tork.
BRFMFX— Arrived Deo 2?— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm fle~ Gross<». from New York, via Ply
mouth rind Cl'.erbounr.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
* Waters at Fort Point, entrance . to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front cMIssion-street v.'harf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER £3.
Sun rises 7:22
Sun rises ....4:55
Moon sets • 5:05 a. in.
0 Time Time Time Time
a Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L W H W L, W H W
23~ 2:35 2.6 8:50 «.6 4:00—1.1 11:02 4.7
24 3:28 2.7 U :40 6.7 4:46 — 1.4 11:56 4.0
25 4:19 2.7 10:35 0.7 5:32 — 1.4
H W L W H W L W
20 0:41 5.0 5:11 2.8 11:21 6.5 6:18—1.3
27 1:28 5.1 0:00 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03—1.0
28 2:11 6.3 7:04 2.(1 l:0fi 8.8 7:48—0.5
2tt 2:50 5.4 8:0S 2.5 2:00 5.2 8:31 0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in' the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ore In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts except when a minus ( — )
sien precedes the helGht. and then the number
SKIPPERS THINK
CRAFT IS LOST
No Tidings Are Received
. of a Missing Mail
Steamer.
Vessel Dolphin Arrives From
North Destitute of
News.
PORT TOWNSEND., Wash., Dec. 22.—
The steamer Dolphin which arrived from
tho north to-day brought no tidings of
the United States mail steamer Discovery,
which sailed from Juneau early in No
vember for Dutch Harbor and was sighted
by the steamer Elk on November 14 at
AVood Island. Since that time nothing
has been seen nor heard of her. She
having failed to reach her destination, the
steamer Elihu Thomson was dispatched
by the company owning, the Discovery
with mail and freight, and also to look
for the jnlssing steamer, but according
to reports the Thomson returned'on De
cember 10 without having seen anything
of the missing vessel.
Shipping men as well as friends and
relatives of the crew have about given
up all hope for the safety of the steamer
and those on board. Shortly after the
Discovery sailed from Juneau in Novem
ber a storm came up and during the
month a tierce gale swept the coast from
Sltka to the group of islands and the
steamer consumed considerable time in
reaching Wood Island.
The Discovery was in command of Cap
tain Frank M. White, who lost the steam
ship La Arado two years ago near Nome,
and Captain J. E. Lennan, an experienced
Alaska navigator was pilot. When she
sailed for Dutch Harbor she had three or
four passengers. Other members of the
crew were: Thomas Pyle, mate; William
Teaka, second mate; Charles Sprague,
purser; Patrick Gard, chie f engineer;
Thomas Foley, first assistant engineer;
C. Conway and T. Amoth, firemen;
Charles Eman, coalpasser; E. H-. Gaskell,
B. G. Hines and W. J. Price, seamen; W.
L Kennedy and William L. Charboneau,
wipers, and two Chinese cooks. The Dis
covery was fomerly a towboat on Puget
Sound.
Hanlon Guilty of Murder .
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 22.— Policeman
George Hanlon was to-night found guilty
of the murder of Police Corporal Fred
Richterkessing and his punishment was
fixed at life imprisonment. . Corporal
Richterkessing was shot and killed on the
night o*. April 1. He had reported Hanlon
to the Chief of Police at different times
for violating police regulations.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— PaciHc Time.)
. . SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 22.-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours :
Last This . Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 10.01 20.51
Red Bluff 00 0.66 8.81
Sacramento 00 5.98" 7.68
San Francisco 00 5.80 7.22
FreBno 00 2.17 5.43
Independence 00 1.34 2.31
San Luis Obispo.. 00 4.56 10.20
Los Angeles .. 00 2.45 6.79
San Diego 00 0.77 1.73
*San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 48; mean, 54.
THE COAST RECORD.
" o a s ■ o w . *&
' '3 5?S SE 33 jS- I
STATION. | 3 1 3 3 |R 8» • | ;
?--: 3 -i i ?. " :?
Astoria 29.90 54 48 S Rain 2.24
Baker ..: 30.10 30 20 NW Cloudy .01
Carson 30.24 64 16 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.14 56 40 NW Clear .00
Fresno 30.14 62 30 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.82 64 14 N Pt Cldy .00
Pocatcllo, Ida.30.16 4(5 30 SE Cloudy T.
Independence .30.18 00 30 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 02 80 54 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.08 72 30 E Clear .00
Portland 20 .DO 52 40 S Rain " .47
Red Bluff ....30.12 66 38 NE Clear .00
Roseburg 30.18 48 40 :... Cloudy .02
Sacramento ..30.14 60 30 NE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.30 40 16 SW Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.14 00 48 N Clear .00
S. L. Obispo.. 30. 08 78 32 S Clear .00
San Diego. ...30.04 74 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.00 50 44 S Rain .86
Spokane 29.00 .44 26 SW Rain .08
Neah Bay 2!). 90 50 46 NW Rain 2.02
Walla Walla.. 29. DS 52 40 S Rain 12
Winnemucca .30.18 54 10 W Cloudy .00
Ynma ........ 30. 04 72 48 N Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND' GENERAL
FORECAST-.
A storm of tome energy overlies Washing
ton and Northern Oregon and will probably
move Elowly southward, causing rain generally
along the coast north of San Francisco.
The temperature has risen rapidly over Ne
vada and Utah. Throughout California warm
weather prevails;
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
houro, ending midnight, December 23, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Monday, with rain along the coast;
light pouthcast wind- ....
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
northerly winds.
. Nevada —^Cloudy Monday; continued warm;
light easterly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Monday,
with conditions favorable for rain by night;
light north, changing to fresh southeast windj
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. From. Due.
Coronado.... Grays Harbor Dec. 23
Asuncion Tacoma D ec# 23
Hyades Seattle Dec. 23
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 23
Eureka. ...... Humboldt Dec 23
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 23
Iaqua Humboldt Dec. 24
Pleiades Comox rjec 25
Alliance | Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 25
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 25
Rainier Scuttle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 20
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 20
R. Dolltir.... San Pedro Dec. 20
North Fork. . Humboldt Dec. 26 1
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 26
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Doo. 20 |
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena Dec. 2(1
Australia Tahiti Dec. 27
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Dec. 27
G. Dollar.... i Grays Harbor Dec. 27
Manda'.ay Coqullle River Dec. 27
Despatch San Pedro Dec. 28
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 28
Herodot Hp.mburg & Way Ports, pec. 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Dec. 29
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December lilt.
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 m Pi<^ 13
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 5pm Pier 2
Pomona... Humboldt l:30p Pier 0
Lcelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. -3pm Pier 10
December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11am Pier 2»
Decemliei 23.
Santa Barb Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9&m Pier Vi
State Cal.. San Diego & Wny.. 9am Pier 11
Ilocfiiiln'p 20.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor -5pm Pier °
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 2T.
Alliance... Portland. & Way Pts 5 pm Pier 10
City Puebla Puset Sound Ports.. 1 lam Pier 9
December 28.
Corona Newport & Way 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Areata I Coos Bay & Pt Orf d 12 m Pier 1.1
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven ..... Pier 18
San Juan. . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic China & Japan..... lpm PMSS
December 2J).
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier "M
North Fork Humboldt o am Pier 2
Drcrmbcr ,"5O.
Rainier.... Seattle & N Whatcmj 5pm|Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • '■:' For. * Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagrway & Way Ports. Dec 2t
Kxcelsior .. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 23
City Seattle.. Skagway & AVay Port3. Dec. .".0
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 31
LONDON MARKET
GROWS STRONGER
Promoters of fining Se
curities Are Nourish
ing a Boom.
Berlin Dealers Are Closing
Their Engagements Before
Holidays.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The stock market
generally was more cheerful during: the
last week chiefly owing to the growing
belief here and on the Continent that the
war In South Africa is winding up at
last. Speculators drew additional en
couragement from the better outlook In
the United States, the revival of confi
dence In Franco and the belief that the
worst of the German crisis Is past.
The railway outlook for the coming
year is not' very promising. Competent
critics declare that the railways are
steadily ruining rural England by their
excessive agricultural freight rates. This
same policy, it is pointed out, is largely
responsible for the depression In Englisn
industrial centers. "
For the present, however, the Stock Ex
change is enjoying the year end revival
to the utmost. Promoters of mining se
curities are carefully nourishing a boom,
but it is said that a .considerable under
current of realizing by outsiders for fear
of some sudden reverse In South Africa,
may check the winter rise.
The closing money market of the year
Is not without serious inconvenience. The
market is unable to shake Itself clear of
the Bank of England. It borrowed £o00,
000 last week and will probably take
j£4O0,0O0 this week. It Is true that large
Government disbursements, 'of supply and
interest, after January 1, will release
large sums; but in view of the. depleted
bank reserve the bank will probably take
mea'sures to attract gold from New York
and Paris, thus endangering the prospect
of cheap money throughout the . coming
year.
BERLIN, Dec. 22.— The Boerse has al
ready begun to assume its holiday aspect,
dealers being inclined to close their en
gagements before the holidays. The vol
ume of business during the last week,
excepting transactions in Government
funds, was extremely light.
The public shows a strong disinclination
for all speculative -securities, but an in
creased appetite, however, for fixed in
terest-bearers, in which during the week
there were large transactions. The flota
tion of several municipal loans also re
vealed enormous demands, while the issue
of a number of loans after the new year
animates this department and gives
strength to bank shares.
Much interest has been shown hefe In
the forthcoming Vienna loan fort the
munlcipalization of the street rallroaas of
Vienna which has just been announced.
The Deutsche Bank and other banks have
taken allotments in this Vienna loan
amounting to 285,000,000 crowns. It has also
been announced that the German Govern
ment is negotiating a loan for 100,000,000
marks for next March, with the option
1 of increasing this amount.
Foreign railroads showed active trad
ing during the last week, the Transvaal
railroad leading. Germans have lately
been buying American railroad shares in
London in large amounts. .
HEAL ESTAfTE TRANSACTIONS.
Paolo and Emilia Fontana to G. B. Ragglo, !
lot on N line of Filbert street, 175:6 E of
Stockton, E 24 by N 120; also all right In
1C68 D. 260; $250.
John H. Durst to R. McColgan, lot on W
line of Powell street. 75 S of Sutter, S 25 by
W 100; $5.
Estate Robert Weotfleld ! (by Arthur H.
Barendt and Irvine Steuart, executors) to
Charles Magglnl, lot on N line of Clay street,
100:6 W of Mason, W 28, N 120, E 27:6^,
S 57, E 5&.-S 62:0; $5600.
Edward Connell to Spencer C. and Samuel
G. Buckbee, lot on E line of Jones street, 80
N of Turk. N 27:0 by E 107:0; $10.
■ Mary Elizabeth Gallagher (first party), Mary
Ann Coyle (second party) and Edward J. Le
Ereton (third party) to Mary Ann Coyle, (un
divided one-half interest in lot on W line of
Leavenworth street, 118:10% N of Ellis, N
18:71i by W 77:6) and Mary Elizabeth Galla-
Eher (undivided one-half interest In lot on 3
line of 6'Farrell street. 100 E of Laguna, E
25 by S 120, subject to deed of trust) (third
party); $ .
Mary Edwards Beale (by Truxton Beale, at
torney) to Ida Olive Hodgdon, lot on NE line of
Third street, 137:6 SE of Brannan, SE 137:6
by NE 275; $10. . -
Robert G. and Mary Wilson to Thomas Wil
son, lot on SE line of Shipley street, 125 NE
of Fifth, NE 25 by SE 75; ?10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
George W. and Kfttie Wimmer, lot on NE
corner of Eighteenth (Solano) and Missouri
streets. N 25 by E 100; grant.
Catherine Carey Barling (Carey), wife of John
L., to Henry S. Spauldlnjj, lot on E line of
Twenty-second avenue, 150 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120; $500.
■ Pearl E. and J. Edward MacAlpine to Mary
E. Johnson,' lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 200
S of C street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Falrmount Land Association to John Norton,
commercing 2G0 W of Bartlett (or Harper)
street, W 30 to Merced (or Noe), S 253:4 to
Laidley, E 33, N 250:4, block 24, Falrmount
Tract; $5.
August M. and Ida L. Wallen to Jessie
Caflisch (wife of ' B.), lot on NW corner of
Lizzie street and Prospect avenue, N 23:4, W
70, N 23:4, W 2S:8, S 46:8, E 08:8, lot 126
and portion of lot 120. Cobb Tract; $10.
• Estate Mary Smith (by administratrix) to
Paolo PaollnelH, lot on NW corner of Chest
nut and Dupont streets, N 25 by W 60; $3500.
City and County of San Francisco to Kate
T. Norton, lot on SW corner of California and
Buchanan streets, W 131:3. S 137:6, E 50, N
82:6, E 81:8, N 55; ? .
Same to Elizabeth Evans, lot on S line of
Clay street. 81:3 E of Devisadero, E CO by S
205 :4&; $ .
Robert and Sarah Wlsnom to T. J. "Wise
carver, lot on W line of Lyon street. 150 N of
Hayes. N 25 by W 112 :C: $10.
Clara B. and James M. Taylor to Nellie
Magee, lot on NW corner of Castro and Twen
ty-second streets, W 250 by N 75; $10. ,
' Jamea W. and Lizzie G. Cochrane to Wil
liam P. and Martha F. Say well, lot on N line
of Twenty-second street, Si E of Douglass, E
26:9 by N «0: $10.
J. A. and Annie R. Mclnnls to American
Bank end Trust Company, lot on NW corner
of Filbert and Sansome streets, W 137:6, N
137:0, E 50. S 55, E 87:0. S 82:0; $10.
John Allen to Catherine Allen, lot on S lint
of Broadway. 160:6 K of Lp.rkln, E 20 by S
137 :G; also lot on SW corner of Lacuna and
Ellis streets. W 77 :C by S 50; gift.
Charles M. Depew to Mary Jane Depew
(wife), lot on SE line of Minna street. 410 SW
of Third, SW 20 by SE 70; gift.
Charles P. Ware to Fame, same; $10.
Berml or Bernharil Marcus Albers or Albern
to Wilhelmina Albf?ls (Albern), lot en N corner
of Fourth and Clora streets. NW 2-1 by NE
SO; also lot on NW corner of North Point and
Hyde streets, W 137:0 by N 137:0; also lot on
SE line of Perry street, 275 SW of Fourth, SW
25 by SE 80; gift.
John F. and Joseph Ahearn to Mary E.
Ahearn, lot on NE line of Boardman street or
glace, 175 NW of Brnnnnn and 392:6 SW of
Ixth. NW 25 by N'K 117:0: Rift.
Edward Farrall (Farrell) to William C. Bil-
HiT'ton, lot on E line of Eighth avenue, 25 S
of Clement street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles M: Dopew to Mary Jane Depew. lot
on E !lnf of Twenty-eiphth avenue. 245 S of
Point Lobo?. S 00 bv E 120: also lot on S line
of Juri street. 150 E of Guerrero. E 30 by S
110; zltt.
Soloircn and Dor.i Gets to Isabella Wlnn>ld,
lot on S line of Montana ptreet. 300 W of Ply
mot'th avenue. W 25 by S 125. portion block
S, Railroad Homrsffad Association; $100.
John Murphy to Mar«-nret Murphy, lot on S
lino of Sillimnn street. 107 W r.t T!ow<1oln. W
20 by S 100. lot 22. block 52. Railroad Home
stead Association;- $1 and Rift.
Olive Verkouteren to Anders nnd Mathilda
Larsson, lot n">2. Gift Map 3; $10.
Nicholas Dillon to Catherine Allen. lot 17,
block -0. University Mound: plft.
Simon and Sonhio Bachman to Otto F. Von
TlheliV. lot on ■ SW rornor of O'FVirrell and
Franklin streets, "\Y 137:(i by £3 137:0; «10.
Jnno Bates to Marv K. T>cck. lot on "W Hit»
nf Webster street. 137 :C S of Ellis N 25 by
W S7:fi: Fift.
Thomas R. find Ann!" L. Turnpr to Osctf N.
and Emma S. Owens, lot on N line of Volle.1<1
strpct 110:0 W of Fillmore, W 27 by N 137:0;
$10. . . ■■ .
Francis .T. Sullivan to Charles A. Sullivan,
lot on N line of Pace street, 50 W of Brod
erick. W2r. by N. 100: S10.
William L. Merry to Firderick Klenr. lot
on ■ N lineTlf O'Fnrrell *tre?t. 311:0 W of Stein
er W 22 by N 82:0; Hamilton Souare; $5".
Hattie-G. Farnell (wife of W. I?.) to Lucius
L. Solomons., same. qult<*laim\dped; $1.
■ Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to James
M. Ellis, same: $10.
Helen J. Hiit^Mnson ( by Ft. P. Ollvor.- com
missioner) to Hibernia Rnvlnirr nr.fl Loan Sn-
CiPtv. lot on F- llio r* Vnlr«n-l-« rt-w* 1 . r~» X
of Fourteenth. N 110 TO 1*0. S 00 W 7">, S 20,
W-105: also lot on W llnp of M'^loi Ftrf«f.
306:4 N of Fo"rt**>nth. 5 73:4. W 1C0. N 75.
SE 100. W 163:3: S3?..-.OO
Caroline A. find Marv F. Potter to Domenlco
Louis and Guleer»jv» Camp) lot on 71 1In«> of
Oakwood street. .113 R of Klffhtefnt* S ?.". TS
10-V N 11 degrees 10 minutes, W 25, W 0?;
$10. .-. . .
Frank and Delia McFarlan,' or MrFarland to
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Constipated Old Age
Isn't it'too bad that so many people, when they get old, get
cranky and rickety and mean, and don't feel right towards themselves
or anybody else; yet it need not be so.
v»-> "Cuearets make mo feel so light-hearted and lively, that
-rfir i though I have ia«n three scoro *n<l three, • few mota
jtI^W/'^^. icoro» I yot may ieo."— Juines S. llllUr, Villa Tark, Cal.
jfiZ&T/' /^£' "For many years I have boon troublfil with constipation.
/5*3<y/V -1 rf£?fr I med on« 23c >nil two Mo boie< o( C'»Jcarrt8, and thi-jr har«
lt-lPafrfrA'% *-v \ effected » porm»nen« cure. .Slnc« my dlscliargo from th«
Ktfli/f//jiH,<frS -^&f- I army in lSW, I hare never before found a lusting re.-njily.
ffllMimlWflr/^J^* 0^- \ -II. J- McOwern, 94J Chupllno Street. Wheeling, W. Va.
IfifflyMI/l P^Kf^/C^r^ I "I was troubled with -nmethintr that baClM the die 111 of
JffrJZfiifW&St's '^""Vt**- t ohy-ielan* for 35 years; I n«eu Uto boxes of Cascarcti and
iWl/«™ Bm >n be "" h " Uh tW "- cf^aicc. Chase City. V,
fjfri A'yffiteSr^V* K- \ "SI 1 month's ago I toolc Ca<cawt» for eoimiputlon con-
f£k'S\rt / \ V 1 traeted during tho War of the K«belllon. The n>suU 1*
\mf/i>? vLl \\A wonderful »n<I I tiJvlsn all old noldi-r- to try th^m."
NSw¥T\*>5»T /aHYx -J»s. 1'utmun, late Cupt. Wrd 111. llaaey. Wl*.
TiSU XJwVX-Sr&gJ'h*' "I •"" feellnr bad. loalne n>«h. had dull headache, poM
'fflK»«W»fiffl3 MP^^^^IJT feel, and couldn't sleep well. I took C».i™ret». aud lu four
> "^j*" W ff -week* trained IS pounds. Am fenllnif flue now.'
y^Kwegga J/ "~ A# B# *»tory, reterun Mexican and Civil Wars. Epworth, la.
SA "I hare been nslni- Cascarets for iom« time for
MfifSi. jC^¥3±. eonstlprtlon. and their cr^ate-t b-nefl* has been t<>
«vf'3^ TyaaCTE&gLfjS&Bt «ura me of asthsns. I am In ray With year aad had
"B*lns now In my "5th year, I had suffered fo»
_jfffjHlB*-TMlfflBllirm rlB WtBSSmSO^ fire years from kidney trouble, disorderml stomach.
JWmer 'OLlimn_.rjOJ *^^BS& f Indigestion, no appetite, twinge* of rheumatism.
• Vf" xt&ryBeiEtr lULESWr After fire weeks taltinj Cascarets, all the abov»
f T^ %k*^lL bodily annoyances were driven from my system. I
tWT m now fo"l able to dance a break-down."
'K 1% v> ' —frank O. Mahoney, West Side, Hannibal, 310.
All old people's muscles get weak and. flabby, and it's the same
j with the muscular walls of their intestines as with the muscles of their
arms. When the bowels grow weak, the old folks get constipated,
bilious, sick, helpless, irritable, and that's the chief cause of their
death. Old folks should take Cascarets Candy Cathartic-bowel tonic,
keep their liver lively, their bowels regular and strong and live to bo
i a hundred.
1 y5-J^-__ J»X4_ Best for the Bowela. All druggists, ioc, JJC $oc. Never •oI41»lraar ¥
tQJjCAAJeJZAJil The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to euro or you* raoaay
; \£**** v *r*'~^Z^ back. Sample and booklet free. Address
liBtBOTTiTP^^^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. tst
William Shelley Morse, lot on W line of Lad
ders street. 210 N of Fifteenth, N 25 by W
125; $10. ■ .
City and County of San Francisco to Hannah
F. Weitner, lot on B line of Henry street. 105 E
of Noe, E 40 by S 115; $ . —
Oscar T. Walling to George William Faubel
and Emma H Lahusen, lot on E line of Bry
ant street. 185 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by E
100; $10.
George S. and Ollie E. Crim to Edmund Mo-
Comb lot on N line of Twenty-second street,
125 W of Bryant. W 25 by N 100; $2500.
Estate of John M. Carroll (by Mary Carroll,
administratrix) to C. T. Spader, lot on SB cor
ner of Twenty-third and Harrison streets, 9
26 by E 75; also lot on E lino of Harrison
street. 26 S of Twenty- third, S 26 by £! 75;
$1800.
Susan B. Jones and Ellen M. Goodwin (both
nee Carroll) to same, lot on SB corner of
Twenty-third and Harrison streets. S 62 by E
75, quitclaim deed; $10.
C T. and Anita L. Spader to John H. Krus©,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-third and Harrison
streets, 8 52 by E 75; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Edward
Duclos, lot on E line of Folsom street, 65 S
of Twenty-third, S 30 by E 00; $ .
Leopold H. Dreschfeld to Sophie Dreschfeld,
lot on E line of York street, 140 S of Twenty
fifth. S 30 by E 100; gift.
Thomas R. and Annie K. Hobson to Annie
Madlgan. lot on S line of Twenty-second street,
75 E of Guerrero, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Charles Quinn and Joseph E. O'Donnell (ex
ecutors of estate of Catherine E. Mohrmatm)
to Elizabeth T. Farley, lot on S line of Broad
way, 56:2% W of Kearny street. W 51:8% by
S 77:6: $4000.
Elizabeth T. Farley to Annie G. Coffey. lot
on S line of Broadway, 56:2% W of Kearny
street, W 51:8% by S 77:6; $10.
. Howard and Effle Woods Park to Marie
Louise Marchal (widow of J. B. Petit), lot on
W line of Powell street, 75 S of Sutter, S
20sl0 by W 100; ?10.
John H. Durst, R. McColfran, Josephine Rog
ers and Marie Louise Marchal (widow of J. B.
Petit) to William Edwards, lot on W line of
Powell street. 75 S of Sutter, S 22:8 by W
100; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret A. Skelly (owner) with Hans
brough & Johnson (contractors), architect E.
J Vogel — All work for a 3-story brick build
ing on N line of Mission street, 77:8 E of
Third, E 20:8% by N 80; $8740.
Cornelia A. Thompson (owner) with McCul
lough Contracting Company (contractor), archi
tect James A. McCullough — All work for a 2
story. rough and partly finished basement and
attic 'frame building on SE corner of Jackson
and Devisadero streets, S 77:814 to point of be
ginning, thence E 110, S 25, W 110. N 25, W.
A. 4C4; $7400.
Frank Walterstein (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer — All
work except electrical work, mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for alterations to a 2-story
frame building into a 3-story frame (store and
two flats) on SE corner of Sutter and Scott
streets, E 22:6 by S 62:6; $3600.
Henry E. Bothin (owner) with Thomas Day's
Sons (contractors), architect Henry H. Meyers
—Carpenter and mill work, stairs, glass, glaz
ing, tin and galvanized iron work, hardware,
roofln?, skylights, plastering, painting, var
nishing, whitewashing, electric work for a 1
story and basement brick building on N line
of California street, 50:5 W of Kearny, W 50
by N 137:6; §3G45.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran T:20a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
'• Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 P
" Hanford. 2:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39 p 6:00 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
•' Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p r
a for morning, p for afternoon.' .
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
cla*s tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
4:2*0 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Eakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
[iuBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILBOAH
Via Sausallt* F*rry. :
Ccmmencinji September »». 1&01.
TTROM SAN FKAXsClSCO TO MILL VALLEY
FKU AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 0:56, 8:S0. »i»:30, 11:00 s, nj..
•1-45 a :15 4:15. 5:15. '0:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Kafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:S0 and 11:40 p. m. '
sUNDaS- -8:00. •1O:OO, -11:30 a. m.. •1:13.
T15 M : « «: 3f> . 0:3 ° P- m -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN >RANCISCO.
F WEEK DAYS_;5:25 t :ZJ ,7:45 8:33. 10:18
„ ra -12:25, 2:15, '3:35, 4.40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday,
orl rt Saturdays at 0:43 and 9:35 p. nv
1^ •"---.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
n m 12:33, 2:45. .*:60, 5:10 p. m.
gsrsss p w^ ne8d *"
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:1^
i >? l0 C'00, C:45 p. m.
S.W. o.w, THR0UGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
'^^p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
* S:^ 18^. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
Gan Fran. Foot of Market St San Fran.
WcckTTu^* n . 1Mt . n . falamHmm . Sun- Week
F*rf . iiaa Fnnriv* It Evairalt and IUiurn, II 90.
. Ticket ORicw. Cil 51 .\RKZJ STREET ud BAUSAUIO rtJUX.
/f*~~%. Dr. Gibson's Dispenisaiy,
M*i**$M ***^ KEAB3JTSI. Establlshod
t*1*f?^»Jb4'" '^'^'* tortiie treatment <>f I'rlvnta
KAXSjfrrtf^ra i: « l '' l?; «' !5 « I<*wt MuiHioikL Debility or
WjJT^o.'ti£S(lisi'as" \vp:»rlngrni body nrnl niiml nnd
i «2*$5piJ< SSSa^kin DiJK»:>scs.TheDoctorcnre»wlie-n
I i?!» : SS?? l 'iSnJ oln *' rs fnll> rl ' rj " nlro - *'ha-ge» low.
}fla - Jsriifct«22*'« *•'•■* Rwnvanlord. Ciillcrwrltft
Br. J. 2*. n>BBr,«J5f. azii Trauciscci CaL _
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO:
Tralxs !•»*• nntl t»r« dot (o ttrrlre At
MAM rUAMVI-IC'O. j,
J (Main Line. Foot ot Market Strael) «**
UiTi — From DxczxsXJt 8, 1901. — xssnt
7:*0a BenloU, Suiaoa, Elmlxii aad 8»cr»- .
meato ,..,. •riW» i
TiOOi V»ct.»lUe, TflnUrs, RuJMoy isHSr
7t8OAllaTtiuez,3»nR-.mon.Vall«Jo.Kftpa,
Callato(» and Santo Boss CiSSr
' 8:00 A D»tIs, Woodlknd. Knlcata Landing,
Mur-i-itlo. Orotillo.. 7>5Sr
8:00* A tlantlo Kxpress— Ogden and Kaat Ss23*
•iOOa NQes, Lsthrets Stockton...... 7-S3->
SiOOANUes, Mendota, Hanford. TistJia,
PoiterrUla 4:33»
■i30a Bhuto Exprew— Daris, WlUinns (tot
Bartlett Borings), WUlowt, Bed
BluO. Portlind. 7lS9m>|
• lilOA 8»u Join, Li-erraote, Stockton.
— • lone. BMrameoto, Plaoor»lU«, ',
JUrji'llle, Chico, ltod Bluff 4t2Sp
• i8<U Onkdale. Ohlne»e,aonor», Tuolumno 4:23p
»iOO» Haywud. Niks and Way BUUods.. 1 1 :■">"»*
■tOOAYaUajo lZ'.iSe
•iOOaLos Anseles Eifresj — Uarslnez. .
Traoj, Lathrop, .Stockton. Merced
Fresno and Loa Angola* 7i33a
•i80a Vallrjo, Martlnes and Way SteUons 7i33 p
1 QiOO a Tb« OTcrland Limited— Ogdeo, L'«a-
*er, Omaha. Chicago Bi25»
fltOOr Bacr»mouto Ul»or Sieamara flliOOr
8i00r Uoulcim Winters. Sacramento,
Wooiliand, Knigbts Landing.
M»rj»»ill«, Orof ilia 10:33a
SiSOr Hayward. Nllei and Way BUUoni.. 7:33 1
4t««p Martinez, ftau Iliuuon. Tallejo,
Napa. CallatoKa. Santa Ko«s AiSSf
4«OOp Nilen, Ll-ennore. Stockton. Lodl... 12i»3p
4iS»i* Hayward, Nile-, Han Jose, Lfrermore jSiSAa
4180* The Owl Limited — Fiesno, Tulare,
Bake-afield. Sangus for Sauta. Bai-
bara, Los Anjrole- S:33a
SiOOp Port Coats. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton 1 0:25*
SiOOp Harttnez. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno I*s23p
OiOOp Harwaid. Kites and Ban Joie 7:35 \
fOiOOp Vallejo 11:23*
OiOttp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denier,
Omaha, St Louis, Chicago 4:23a
7t00p Oregon and California ICipr«u,Hao-
. miiietifcu. MarjiTlll*, Itmliling,
rortlitml, riiget t)oiin<I and Kast "r"*" 1 *.
•iO3pB«n Pablo, Port Co-ta, Martinez
and Way Stations * 11:23a
t»H»3p VallftJ<, 7:53p
COAST LINE (Xarroir «au B e).
. (Foot ot Market Street.)
■jlSANewark.Centerillle.San .lose, Kelton,
Iloulder Creek, San ta Oruz aiid Way
Station- 3i30»
fStISp Newark. Centetrille, Sail Jose, Now
Almailmi, Feiton, llonlder Creek,
Santa Crui and Pilneipal War
Station- IO:SIIA
4ilSp Newark, San Jose, Loi Gatos fi:5i>i
o9.3up Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
Buttons t7-30r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from S1I msCISCO— Fool of Karkat Strset (Slip 8>—
tJ:15 9:00 11.00a.m. 1:03 3:33 S:lSr.M.
/rtaOlIUJB— roil «f Bmdw-j.— t«:O(J +8:00 ISM
10;00a.i4. 13:03 2.00 4:03 r.M. -
COAST LINE (Hroa.l (iamje).
. (Third and Townseiid Sta.) ■
«ilO4 Saa Joaeand Way Htationa. «:4»»^
7:00a Han Joseoiul Way SUtimis f8:OO»>
/7iOO» New Alirjdeii. .° 7 4:10»
•tOOA Coast Llna limited — San Jose,
Gilmy, Stliuas, San Lnis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles and
principal intermediate stations .... 1 0:43?
OiOOa Kan Jimo. Tres l'inoa. Haiita Vna,
Pitcilie Urine, Salinas. San Lois
Obispo ami Principal intermediate
KtiUi.ms : 4:lO-»
10>30a San Jose and Way Stations. K::ifl*
I ItSOA Han Job* and Way Stations !»;10a
tSilAp San M»tc». ltedwnotl. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Man Jose.
- Tres Pinos, Smut* Crux. Salluaj.
Uoiuereyaii'l Paeitlo (iroTs f!0»43A
3:S»p Han Jose and Way SUtlons. l:3»v
) MilSp San Jo-eand Principal WayStations 3t30V
4i30r Snnset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days. Fridays, for Lot Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New Tork. -
Arrive* Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays ;... IOiISa
fSiOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station tO:OOA
SiXOp San Jose ami Principal Way SUtlons 6:3O»
«::ti»p rt.in .Io8e»ii(l War Stations 7>80*P
7:0ttp New Orleans ExpraM — fan Lois
ObUpo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Doming. £1 Paso. N«w Or-
lesns and East 7i3O&
«Ut43pSan Joseami Way Stations 7i30>
A for Morning. , P for Afternoon,
t Similar exwpted. *.y 1 Sunday only.
• q Saturday only. / Taesdxys and Friday«._
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St. 1
Sen Francisco to San Rafaal.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
. 8:30. 5:10, C:30 p. m. Thursday-! — Kxtr*
trip at 11 :3O p. m. Saturdaya — Extra trlpa at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rotaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 8:40, -6:15 p. m. Saturdaya — Extr*
trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9;40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
6:05. 6:25 p. m. .•-■•.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. .23. 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- i Week
Day-. I days. | Destination | days. I Days.
7:a0am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:<0a-a
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25ara
6:10pm C :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:33pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle, < •
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm| 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am;10:25ara
S:S0pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm; 6:20?ia
7:30am 10:40az»il0:25ara
8:00am Guernevir.e. 7 :35pm [
8:30pm 6:00pm | 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:13am 8:*0am
and ■ ' '
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:U0am| |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:0Opm| Sebaatopol. I 7:3apm| 6:20piE
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We3t
Springs and Wbite Sulphur S])rlng3 # , at Fultoa
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville Tor Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. LaUeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell LakJ. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'a.
I Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr"s Hot
I Springs Mendocino City. Fort Brag;. West-
rort Usal, Wlllits. Laytonvllle. Cummlna.
' BeM"s Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcket3 at re-
On Sundays" round-trip tickets to all points
I bevond San Rafael- at ha.lt rates.
J Ticket office, U50 Market street. Chronicla
bU i{ dI C S WHITIN-a. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. AgL
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 %>&r Year.
4:20 p
7:18 p
9:11 p
10:50 p
910
RUNAWAY ROLLS
OVER A BLUFF
Mrs. William Inch Leaps
From Buggy to Save
Herself.
People on Beach Startled by
a Spectacular Ac
cident
The hundreds of people who thronged
the beach in the vicinity of the Cliff
House yesterday afternoon were startled
by the sight of a horse attached to a
light buggy rolling down a forty-foot
bluff. The horpe and vehicle rolled over
&nd over, and when the bottom of the de
f jent was reached the broken buggy was
on top and the animal showed little evi
dence of being alive. Those who witness
ed the wild plunge did not know that Mrs.
William Inch of 442*2 Twenty-ninth street
had narrowly escaped being carried down
the bluff in the buggy.
William Inch and his -wife were out for
a drive through Golden Gate Park yester
day afternoon. They had reached Cliff
avenue and Ocean terrace, when Inch,
leaving his wife to take care of the horse,
got down from the buggy to stop a run
away. The horse became frightened and
got beyond Mrs. Inch's control. It started
on a wild dash down Cliff avenue, but
turned suddenly off into a small alley
■which terminates at the head of the bluff
back of the Ocean Beach Pavilion. Be
fore the horse reached the edge Mrs. Inch
leaped out into the sand. She was un
injured by the fall.
Officer Greggains reached the struggling
horse a few moments after its plunge.
.After the tangled harness had b«»en cut
away the animal was able to get up and
soon recovered sufficiently to be taken
back to the stable from which Inch had
rented it. The buggy was a wreck, one
wheel being completely smashed.
"PTJSS IE" BOOTS" IS
SPLENDIDLY PRESENTED
School Children of Corte Madera Give
Creditable Performance of
the Play.
CORTE MADERA. Dec. 22.— One of the
most pleasant entertainments ever given
in Marin County was held at the Corte
Madera schoolhouse Saturday evening.
The school children gave a creditable pro
duction of "Puss in Boots," under the
direction of Gardner de Veuve, principal,
and Mrs. Annie H. Smith, vice principal
of the school. x
People came from Sausalito, Larkspur,
San Anselmo and San Rafael to witness
the performance, and when the curtain
went down for the last time there were
calls from all parts of the hall for Mr.
de Veuve, who had trained the children
and worked with energy to make the af
fair a success. That it was a success hun
dreds of commuters will testify. The mu
sic was rendered by Miss Amie Baker and
Mrs. A. H. Smith. The cast of characters
follows:
Hurr.po, king- of cats, Elmer Murray; Streaky
tail, better known as Puss in Boots, Elbert
?couler; BrincitewhiEkers. head cook to Humpo,
Alice MacCormick: various little, large and mid
dle-sized cats, who form the court of Humpo,
Ella MaeCormick, Elliot Craig, Charlie Peters.
Arthur de Veuve, Anton Shula. Gertrude Mac-
Ccrmick. Everette Burtnett, Louis Frizzi,
Torr.my C'.iFham, Harold Kanna, Willie
rteichcld. Andrew Marriott. Adrian Murray.
Faustina Azevedo and Arnaud Hiniker: fairies
— Queen »nf the Golden Pheasants. Christine
Lynch: Favorita, her first lady in waiting.
Ramona Smith: First Fairy, Clare MacCor
rr.ick; Second Fairy, Emma Lynch; various
junior members of the fairy court — Gladys
Miliard. Adele Strehl. Genevleve Murray.
Ma ude Lynch. Marguerette and Mary llc-
Cauley. Cla'.re Wehcr. Jeannette Reiger, Marie
Azevedo. Julia Silva, Ethel Hanna, Aristine
Pixlry. Rosa Azevedo and Irene Murray; King
Putr.pkinwaesulheim. a monarch of moderate
means. Harold Parson; Princess Gracieila, his
daughter. Marruerette Marriott; Count Dun
drumnnod'ewitz. minister in chief, Alice Mac-
Cormick: the Ogre. Bashi-Bauba-Babbi-Bosh.
the most terrible of traitors, Jessie Adams;
Potaufeusaimasunfii, his chef de cuisine, Mary
MarCormiek; Ruperto, the rough. Argot Olson;
Roberto, the riotous. Ida Glidden; Ralph, the
romantic. Ruth Molloy; Notarv, Arthur d»
Veuve; flower girls— Pond Lily. Mabel Parson;
Tuchsia. Maude Stevens; Rose. Alice de Veuve-
Poppy. Hazel Hanna; Chrysanthemum, Lillian
Murray; Pink, Winnie Scouler; Cupid, Mar
cella Baker.
Boy Loses Leg.
Bert Garofalo, a seven-year-old boy liv
ing at 741 Green street, was run over by
a Haisht-street car near the Stanyan
street terminus yesterday afternoon and
had his right leg badly crushed. The boy,
in company with a companion of about
the same age, had been visiting the
Chutes and nad gone to the terminus to
board a car. A car started as he reached
the turntable and the boy ran after it.
As he was getting on the dummy his foot
slipped and he fell under the wheels and
the car passed over his leg. The injured
boy was taken t<* the home of Dr. Ragaii
on Hai^ht street and later sent to the
hospital. The limb was so badly man
gled that Dr. Murphy found it necessary
to amputate it below the knee.
Blowing Daily.
The glass works at Belleville and St.
Louis are daily blowing over 300,000 bot
tles, which are to be filled with the fam
ous "BUDWEISER" beer, brewed by the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n., St.
Louis Mo. •
REGINA CORONA
Self-Changing Mvsic Box.
The word Regina is at once sugges-
tive of Christmas giving. These ele-
*rant music boxes make gifts that not
only please the recipient but entertain
the whole family, as well as furnish
music for parties, dancing and other
occasions. The Retina Corona is par-
ticularly suited for this purpose
The Regina Corona plays with 15%-
inch steel tune sheets like the small
Reginas, but the Corona has an at-
tachment which, when once started
plays on* tune, following another au-
tomatically, taking the tune sheets one
by one from the case below and re-
placing them.
The Corona has a piano sounding-
board back, which gives it great vol-
ume; case of oak or mahogany. The
price is $173.
The Orchestral Regina is the finest
music box in existence; tune sheets 27
inches in diameter. Price $350.
Then there are the smaller Reginas
at prices as low as $10.
Sherman. Clay & Co. have all these
music boxes on free exhibition in their
Regina room. You are cordially in-
vited.
If you cannot call, write for Cata-
logue B-6. - V
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
STEIN WAY PIANO DEALERS.
Cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
EXCITEMENT IS CAUSED ON THE BAY
BY FIRE IN THE HOLD OF A SHIP
Cargo of Coal on the C. F. Sargent, From Seattle, Becomes
Ignited and the Government and State Boats Hurry to
the Aid of the Big Craft, Which Flies Distress Signals
p || *J HERE was a. scene of wild ex-
I citement aboard the American ship
I C. F. Sargent at noon yesterday.
il Captain Melville was at that hour
about to sit down to lunch, but
the cabin boy rushed into the dining
room and exclaimed, "There's something
the matter forward, sir." The master,
thinking there was a row among the crew,
rushed forward with a gun in his hand,
but Immediately saw what was the mat
ter when the smoke issuing from the for
ward hold met his view.
All hands were called and the pumps
started as soon as It was known that
the ship was afire. Then the jack was
set in the mizzen, union down, and a. few
minutes later a crew from the Albatross,
commanded by Lieutenant C. S. Kempff,
was aboard. These men could not do
much, as they had no appliances, but it
was not long betore the army transport
tug Slocum was on the scene, and then
the men from the Albatross joined forces,
with the crew of the Slocum and effect
tive work was done. . ■• f
The Slocum was awaiting orders at thq
foot of Folsom street, and Captain Harry
Marshall had strolled down to see that
everything was moving along in ship
shape fashion. While in the pilot-house
the second mate came to him .and said,
"Captain, a ship in the stream is flying
signals of distress." A glance through
EOY NEWSPAPER THIEVES
CHASED AND CAPTXTBED
Three of Them Had Stolen More Than
Forty Papers When Discovered
by Detectives.
Wallace McNight, a colored boy, 12
years of age; James Sullivan, 13 years of
age, and Henry Lee, 14 years, were ar
rested about 7 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing by Detectives Ryan, O'Dea and Mc-
Mahon and booked at the City Prison on
charges of petty larceny.
Complaint had been made at police
headquarters by residents on Larkin
street, between Union and Sacramento,
that every Sunday morning for some
weeks past their papers had been stolen
from their doorsteps, and the three de
tectives were detailed to catch the thief
or thieves.
They saw the three boys stealing the
papers from the different houses. When
they observed the officers, the boys ran In
different directions, and each of the de
tectives went after a boy and overtook
him. Sullivan gave O'Dea a run of sev
eral blocks before effecting his capture.
The boys had stolen between forty and
fifty morning papers, eaching having a
supply. They all live on the Barbary
Coast. McKnight and Sullivan are well
known to the police.
Wanted in Kansas City.
Detective McAnany of Kansas City re
ported at police headquarters yesterday
morning with the necessary papers for the
extradition of H. H. Hansen, alias M.
A. Barringer, alias Hurlbert, alias Allen.
He is wanted there on a charge of forgery
committed in conjunction with M. R.
Allen, alias Truman Nye, who was also
arrested here and is now serving a four
years' sentence in the penitentiary there.
Hansen was arrested here for passing
fictitious checks by representing himself
as president of the Pacific Cigar Com
pany. He is also wanted in Milwaukee
and Chicago.
Trapper* ■ Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
PruBEists. 60c flask. Richard & Co. 10S Clay. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1901.
the glasses showed fire coming from the
Sargent, and Captain Marshall, without
waiting to change his clothes, rang', up
the signal to "get ready." Two minutes
later the Slocum was on her way to the
burning ship and inside of a quarter; of
an hour had three streams of water pour
ing Into the Sargent's hold.
Streams Poured Into Cargo.
Shortly afterward the State tug Gov
ernor Markham came along and helped
materially In saving the ship. Holes were
cut in the deck and through these streams
of water were poured into the vessel until
it seemed she would settle down. At one
time six feet of water was in the hold,
but still the fire kept on, and finally about
9 p. m. it was decided to run her onto the
mud flats and scuttle her.
The C. F. Sargent has had a most
eventful voyage. She left Seattle on No
vember 18 with 2400 tons of coal and a
week later was compelled to put into
Clallem Bay, leaking. At that time the
11O Fourth Street
One Block from Market
Tel. Black 1121,
BUY YOUR XMAS GROCERIES
WHERE YOU GET THE MOST
FOR YOUR MONEY.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY PRICES.
TURKEY— Choice, fat ones. Order
early. Per lb ........16c
HAMS— Best Eastern, per Ib..l2y 2 c
RAISINS — Seedless Sultanas, 7 per
lb .: : ioc
CURRANTS— Recleaned, per lb lOc
Sold elsewhere at ifjcj
CITRON, LEMON, ORANGE .
PEEL, lb ; 15e
PEACHES, PEARS, APRICOTS,
can 10c
SALAD OIL— Quart bottle ..15c
Usual price
BUTTER — Best creamery, per sq 40c
CANE SUGAR— 20 lbs .'...$1.00
STRING BEANS— i cans. . ..... .25c
CRANBERRIES — Fancy Cape
Cod, per quart 1^H C
SWEET PEAS— 3 cans. ..25c
SALAD DRESSING, DURKEE'S
—Per bottle ..25c
Regular price, 35c.
All orders promptly attended to. -
SHIP C. F. SARGENT ON FIRE
AND TUGS SLOCUM AND GOVER
NOR MARKHAM ASSISTING HER.
coal cargo was in good order, but never-,
theless Captain Melville decided to cross
the Sound and dock at Esquimau, B. C,
for repairs. This was done, and after a
thorough overhauling the Sargent sailed
again for San Francisco on December 13.
She made a good run down the coast, ar
riving last Thursday. She anchored off
Harrison-street wharf and was to have
docked to-day. j ■
Captain's Statement. v 'f '
Captain Melville of the C. F. , Sargent
said:
I suppose it ' was spontaneous combustion.
How else to explain the matter I don't know.
Seattle coal as a rule never catches fire, but
here is my ship and the cargo is on fire. It
looks to me as though she was on fire from
stem to stern, and while we may drown It out,
it seems that scuttling will have to be re
sorted to.
We only had an ordinary voyage from the
Sound to San Francisco. While we had no
heavy weather there were favorable breezes
and we made a splendid run from Flattery. 1
expected to dock Saturday, and had we done
so there would have been no mishap. As It Is
we will now have to take our chances.
Captain Marshall of the transport tug
Slocum did splendid work on the burning
ship. He was alongside half an hour be
fore another fireboat showed up and had
it not been for him and his vessel the
Sargent would have been burned to the
water's edge.
The ship was out of sight from the
State fire tugs and until the news was
carried to the office nobody Knew that a
s hl P, *n the bay was afire. Then the
Marknam was sent out under "rush" or
ders and stayed by the burning ship.
The C. F. Sargent is one of the old
timers. Away back in 1875 she was one
of the American clippers and was named
after her builder. She came around the
Horn and In recent years was purchased
by George E. Plummer of this city. She
is 1566 tons net burden, 220 feet 3 inches
long:, .41 feet 3 inches beam and 26 feet
deep.
TWO STRANGERS ASSAULT
. NON-UNION IRON M0LDEH
Induce Him to Leave /the Central
Church and Then Brutally
* Beat Him.
.William Leech, a non-union Iron molder,
was set upon by two men on Mission
street, near Seventh, yesterday and badly
beaten. Leech and J. H. Wiley of 931
Mission street were attending the serv
ices in the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, when they were accosted by a
well.dressed young man, who .informed
Leech that he was wanted outside. Leech
unsuspectingly left the '< church and was
at once pounced upon by two men and
severely beaten. Wiley was also attacked,
but escaped serious injury.
The occurrence was at once reported to
Captain Seymour, who detailed Detective
Coleman to make a thorough investiga
tion. On going to the scene Leech was
found sitting in the church afraid to ven
ture out.- He was bleeding from several
cuts on the head and face, and at his so
licitation the detective escorted him to the
Rlsdon Iron Wofiks. where he is employed.
Both Leech and Wiley are satisfied that
they will be able to identify their assail
ants In event they are arrested.
Woman Robbed of Her Purse.
Mrs. M. Taboas, 620 Folsom street, re
ported to the police yesterday that while
she was walking along Folsom street, be
tween Second and Third, Saturday night
shortly before 8 o'clock, a man accosted
her and made an insulting remark. She
Indignantly ordered him to go away and
he walked along for a few yards. Another
man approached her and asked what the
first man said to her. Before she could
reply he grabbed her purse containing
about $10 and the two men ran up Second
street in the direction of Harrison. Mrs
Taboas was unable to give an accurate
description of either of them.
Great reduction in price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwitz & Cohn's, 1716 Market, phone South
684. Straight whiskies. $2, $2 50, $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c, ?1, $X 25 gal. Purity guaranteed. ♦
TURNS TH I E F
FOR REVENGE
Otto Wallen Breaks Into
Wine Vaults to Even
Old Score.
Police Arre&t Several Bur
glars, But Others Are :
Active.
Otto Wallen, who gave his occupation
as that of a cook, broke a plate of glass
early yesterday morning in the wine
vaults of Otto Baherman at 617 Commer
cial street and, crawling through the
aperture, proceeded to help himself to a
variety of choice wines.
Police Officer Fleming happened to be
passing by, and, noticing that the glass
was broken, he summoned Officer Naylor.
With drawn revolvers they entered the
place and found Wallen in the act of help
ing himself to a bottle of wine. ' He of
fered no resistance and was placed under
arrest. At the City Prison he claimed that
he had been thrown out of the place early
in the evening, and to get even he re
solved to force an entrance after the pro
prietor had left and help himself to as
much wine as he wanted. He was charged
with burglary.
J. A. Johnson and H. Stone were ar
rested Saturday night while in the act
of looting the Fearless saloon, 60 Market
street. After an entrance had been ef
fected Johnson remained on guard on the
outside,, while his accomplice rifled the
cash register, securing $35 50. Johnson,
the lookout, was seen acting suspiciously
by Officer Webb of Morse's patrol, who
placed him under arrest. Sergeant Bro
phy and posse were informed of the cap
ture, and on entering the place found
Stone, who was hiding in a clothes closet.
The $35 50 was found in his pockets. When
arrested Johnson had a revolver in his
pocket, and in addition to a charge of
burglary a charge of carrying a concealed
weapon was entered against him.
The Casino saloon at 34 Ellis street was
broken into at 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and several bottles of whisky stolen.
The burglars entered through a barber
shop in front of the saloon, and falling to
find any money they took the bottles of
whisky, but did not touch anything In the
barber shop. The police have no clew to
the burclars.
Early yesterday morning two men, who
gave their names as William Adams, alias
Chuck Adams, and Daniel McFadden,
were arrested in' a saloon on Eighteenth
and Railroad avenues south, on the
charge of being drunk and disturbing the
peace. - "^
As the officers made their appearance
one of the men dropped a watch on the
floor. This was picked up by the officers,
who compared it with descriptions of sto
len property reported to the police from
time to time. The watch proved to be
one that was stolen by burglars from the
residence of Ch'arle3 Denlcke on Silver and
Layton avenues. San Bruno district. The
two men were charged with burglary.
"XOUNG MAN SHOT BY
IBATE FRUIT-DEALER
Antone Rengli Wounds John Con
nolly, Whom He Charges With
Attempted Burglary.
Antone Rengli, proprietor of a fruit
store at Thirtieth street and San Jose
avenue, shot and wounded John Connolly,
a young man living at 126 Valley street,
about 6 o'clock yesterday morning-. Con
nolly was taken to St. Luke's HospHal.
His wound is not dangerous.
Rengli had left his store for a fear min
utes, and when he returned he found Con
nelly and two other young men In iho
rear attempting, as he alleges, to break
into the store. He had his revolver with
him. and pulling It out of his pocket emp
tied it at the three young men, one of the
bullets striking Connolly.
Rengli was arrested by Detective R. F.
Graham and taken to the Seventeenth
street police station. After making hla
statement he was released from custody
by Lieutenant Price, who reported the
facts to police headquarters.
SHOOTING AFFRAY OVER
A NOTORIOUS WOMAN
James McNlece, 13 Trenton street, was
arrested yesterday morning by Detectives
Ryan, O'Dea and McMahon ar.J booked
at the City Prison on a charge of assault
to murder. The complaining witness Is
John Dunne.
The detectives happened to be passing
Trenton street about 9 o'clock and heard
a shot. They saw Dunne and Josle Mar
tin, a notorious woman, standing on the
sidewalk outside of McNiece's .. house.
Dunne Informed them that McNiece had
shot him in. the fdrehead. He showed a
wound as evidence of the fact.
McNlece was placed under arrest and
said that Dunne had not only stolen Josie
Martin's affections from him, but had
started to break his windows and doors.
He grabbed a pistol and struck Dunne on
the head with it and then fired a shot
at hint, ho said. /
Invalid Supplies and Furniture.
Sick room work, ambulance, trained
nurses staff. Goodban's, 1117 Van Ness.
Gives Himself Up.
After nearly starving to death in the
chain locker of the transport Thomas,
Charles Allen, a prisoner, finally gave
himself up Saturday night. He was one
of the^ chain gang sent home from Manila
to be transferred to Alcatraz en route for
lone. From the reformatory at the latter
place he had made his escape, and giving
a fictitious age had enlisted in the army.
In the Philippines his record was looked
into on account of a number of escapades
in which he was the principal actor. This
brought the fact to light that he was a
runaway from a reformatory. So he was
sent home.
The day the Thomas got in Allen man
aged to break jail and hid himself in the
chain locker. When the officer on guard
came to count noses he found 103 prison
ers, whereas he should have had 104. A
search was made and Allen was posted
as missing. Saturday he crawled out of
his lair and asked Steward Pfelfer to give
him something to eat, as he was starving.
Allen got a square meal and was then
turned over to the army authorities, who
will later send him to the lone Reform
School.
laiiiii^Piy
¦ right; must have the proper ¦
material in them and must be |
fitted to the eyes correctly. It |
requires an expert to fit glasses.
Behind our claim as expert
opticians are twenty-five years'
active experience in making
and fitting glasses. We can fit
YOU. .
Remember Our Name and
Number.
I and fitting glasses. We can fit
YOU.
Remember Our Name and
Number.
STANHlffl OPTICAL
217 Rearny St.SmfMiidw
ainiwwmim i iiimwmmp— aBBtf
SPECIAL LINES OF
NEW GOODS
On sale this week. All very suitable
for Holiday Gifts.
Ladles 1 anl Gents' Fine SILK UMBRELLAS
$3.00 to $7.50 Each
Ladies' and Gents' KID GLOVES, from the lest Euro-
pean factories,
Ladles' Sheer Linen and Linen Cambric Initialed HAND-
KERCHIEFS $1.00, $1.5O and $3.00 Box
6 In a Box.
Ladies' Hand-Embroidered Sheer Linen HANDKER-
CHIEFS 15c, 2Oc,25c, up to$5.00Each
Ladies' Real Duchesse Lace HANDKERCHIEFS
$2.00 to $30.00 Bach
Gents' Initialed Silk HANDKERCHIEFS
40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each
Gents' Silk REEFERS and MUFFLERS, In White, Black
and colors. $1.OO up to $2.50 Bach
Ladies' Leather PURSES, latest styles anl colors
50c, 75c, $1.OO, up to $6,00 Bach
Ladles' Cloth and Flannel WAISTS, new stnles and
latest colorings $1.75 up to $8.00 Each
Ladles' Silk WAISTS, Black and Colored
$5.00 to $15.00 Bach
Ladies' Silk PETTICOATS, Colored and Black
$6.00 to $25.00 Each
Gents' Noveltn NECKWEAR, latest shapes and colors....
25c, 50c, 75c and $1.OO Each
EXTRA SPECIAL.
45 Fine FEATHER BOAS, 45 inches long, in Black,
Natural anl Gran. These are an extra dualim
Price $10.00 Bach
OUR GLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
STORE WILL BE OPEN MONDAY AND TUESDAY EYENIN6S, DEC. 23 and 24.
l&% —
m, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG. BOWEN ft CO'S SPECIAL 81 VINO SALE
0OLDBERG
BOWEN
* CO
Christmas
gifts here
Chafing dishes
Nickel tea pots
Nickel coffee pots
Fine perfumes
Sparklet bottles
Humidors for cigars
Box of cigars
Box of tea
Case of wine
Tree ornaments
Dinner favors
Snapping bonbons
Nickel baking dishes -
Box of candy 35c
Bonbonniere toys
Carving sets
Crumb trays
Candle shades
Hair brushes
Cloth brushes
Ramekins
Wine coolers
Pocket flasks
Automobile baskets
Holiday
groceries
Mammoth pecans
Plum pudding ■
Sweet cider
Salted almonds ;
Honey cake
Cluster raisins
Bar-le-duc currants
Maraschino cherries
Mince meat .
Rrpe olives
Pommeranian geese
V/f Eastern ducks
Truffles
Salted nutS:
Glace'fruits
Fancy^crackers
Glace"marrons
After dinner cheeee
AD V EitTTSEMENTS.
GOLDBERO. B0WXN * CO'S SPECIAL SATCTS SALS
Wines
We sell all the best known
champagnes
French wines
German wines
Port — sherry and Madeira
California wines
Vista del Valle
Clarets-sauternes-moselle
and burgundy
Cigars
The stock comprises the
best known Havana brands
besides a few clear Havana
cigars made in Florida
Christmas
tree
at the Sutter street store-
beautifully decorated-bring
the children to see it
Bonbons
and tree
decorations
Never so many
Never so pretty
43* Pine 23a Sutter 2800 California San Frantfsc*
Thirteenth and Clay Street* Oakland 1
Repairs broken glasses.
Lenses duplicated for 50 \
cents— if astigmatic '
$1.00 or $i.^o. j
DR.MCNULTY.
q^HIS WELL-KNOWW AND BRIBABLE OLD
.L Specialist ewes Blood Poison, (>onorrhcea,Glee{
Stricture, seminal Weakness. Impotence *nd the A
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases ot Men. fre^j
Over20year»'experience.Terai«i reasonable. Hours,
9to3daily;6:30to3.30ev'Ks. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or addxett
P. RO8COE XeXUIiTY. 31. D.
20K BLearnySt., San Francisco* CmX.