"Who Is this Portia Knight?" in^uireV
the Duchess in a high, light tor.e. Her
natural voice Is rather deep, so the Duke
knew that something was the matter. It
behooved him to explain as gracefully as
possible.
"My dear," he replied "it is .in ordi
nary game of bluff. Of course, the ladv
Is after money, and of course. I haven't
any money. The only thing she can-<lo
Is to Join the band of hope of my other
creditors."
Then the Duchess laughed in a j=atlsflefl
way. He put it neatly, and she likes to
hear a thing put r.eatly. She has an al
most French appreciation of that sort of
thine.
•"We have had a charminp trip to Amer
ica, have we not?" he asked.
"Cha/mlr.g." she replied, wanting to be
reassured.
"And wouldn't it be a pity to spo'.l It by
a rMiculous girl's ridiculous charge?"
"If the charge is ridiculous." with hes
itation.
"If the past r.--onths haven't proved that,
tvlat could prove it?"
"We'll go O£ to Ireland." she replied
adorably, and the merry honeymoon
<5anced on to the Jingle of Zimmerman
dollars. '
This !ittle episode because, as you r»
rr.err.l<«>r. when the Duke and Duches*
landed at Liverpool In March of this year;
ihcy were met with the announcement of
ihe Jegal contention to ben made by Miss
Portia Knight, who claimed that by right
of the Duke's promise she should be th«
Duchess.
•a: bc**£b of premise suit is such bad *
form." tbe Duke always said.
"The breach of promise is worse form,"
fiaid Hiss Knight when she heard the r«
ir.srk
Portia Kr.Igbt Is one of those uncom
fortable people who always want mor?
Than they can have. Perhaps it Is her
misfortune not to have it. or perhapg It
!b her fault to want it. At any rate, eh<*
le a most restless, dissatisfied young per
frcn. .
First ehe wanted to become "Our Per
tla" to American theater-goers, and ehe
couldn't make out what they were about
that they never laid claim to her. They
bore up beautifully when she left and
went to London.
Next ehe wanted to be London'i dar
ling. It was her bad luck again that
London didn't have any vacancy on Us
list of darlings.
Finally she wanted a Duke. Not only
that, but ehe -wanted a particular r>uke,
Bhe wanted the Duke of Manchester,
Simultaneously Helena Zlmmermm want
ed him, and she was the one taken, whllo
Portia was the one left. *
It I9, perfectly plala that eho <!©<?sn't
wear a four-leaf clover in a locket *.n<1
that ehe lost her left hind rabbit's foot
found behind the third white stone at tha
right hand eide cf the graveyard's ©14
path's eecond turning in the ninth quar*
ler cf the moon.
Perhaps ehe etarted out wrong: by be
ing born in Salem. Or. It never wa« eon
elfiered. an especially lucky place to b<?
born. She may realize now that thlE r/aq
her first mistake, and she known well
enough that it is too late to rectify it,
Just as it always Is with mistakes.
Seriously, though, ehe has bad 4 har<l
fight of it, for she has often been poor
and has elwaj's had no health. For thc<
latter reason ehe didn't play when «hci
was a little girl, but eat by herself an4
thought whenever she could get "Klng'a
X" from sticks or tag.
"I want to grow up to be a beautiful
lady and live In a castle." was what «he
thought In her fooiish little head. Unfor
tunately she kept on thinking the earn?
thing after she grew up, and that is why,
at 26, ehe is euir.g tbe owner of a casuu
for breach of promise.
Physical weakness has haunted her all
her fife and perhaps ie the. cause of what.
tome call her emotional temperament, anQ
other" call her hysterics. She is pltoously
ambitious. She wants to be everything
that she can't be, a duchess included.
"I'm elck of the convent." she said «t
the end of her first lsudlment of educa
£0 ehe was sent to a boarding school In
Portland. . .,„ ., .
"I hate boarding school life, ahe raid.
"That's not the point." her father re
plied. It was up to him, as there wa« ni
mother, and a father always has to hit
a wall until he knocks it down. Colonel
N. P. Knight didn't know how to get
erounfl the matter.
Then ehe arranged to ha.ve her health
Probably she didn't even know that ehe
errarged It. The health really gave out,
because ehe fretted it to death. That
cave her a chance to go home.
Home by this time was a ranch In
Klamath County. Her brother. Winter
Knieht, was having a flirtation with the
Indian cook, a reservation girl named
MeMnda. Fhe was an ordinary reservation
Indian with nothing romantic in her
ores or her ways, nothing even pio
lureeque. She was merely dark brown
end greasy. *
Winter and Portia had been very g^od
friend* as children, but there 1* no rooord
that ehe sympathized with him In this
kitchen love affair. It Is likely that it
was a sore subject between them, Judg.
Ing from her love of the beautiful and the
romantic and from hla ptubbornneea.
Winter was cutting himself loose from
his white friends and spending hla time li
the wigwams instead of in the losr cabin
on the ranch. He finally eloped with Me.
Jlr.da, chot a calf for provisions ond wa<
brought home by tbe Sheriff. It waq
ebout this time that Portia left Klamath
County.
6he cane to Ban 3Tra.nclseo and entered
Sn<bll'u Berelr.ary. Bomewhero ftlongr near
this time the Denver boom collapsed Pn(t
jier father was left a poor man. Thlq
decidr-d th* question that «ho had been
revolving for some time: should she ffO Oil
the suurev 6be should.
THE Duke of Manchester finds him
self in demand. He Is being clalme 1,
I by two women, which is one more
I than he Is entitled to. Further.
JL they are both Americans and b<rh
attractive. That isn't square by all th*
other xuce and lonely young men in the
world.
By Sarah Ccmstcck.
The next thing she heard of was tha
wedding in Marylebone parish church.Th-3
result of this was that phe went back
to a small part on the stage and that a
court summons awaited the Duke at tha
«ad of bis honeymoon.
/When she heard of the Zimmerman en
gagement it was» just after the Dtike had
l»ft for a little trip across the Channel.
Portia Immediately packed up and fol
lowed to Paris. There she could not sea
him— he disappeared as completely as she
had a short time before, and she never
succeeded in obtaining the Interview she
•was after. - . -
Miss Krilgbt says that the plan of star
ring was abandoned because Manchester
wanted her to marry him and give up tha
utage entirely. • She also says that they
•were to be married last summer and that
the , arrangements had been made with
Father Gordon of the Brompton Oratory.
Ile'fo flead now. po he can't witness.
There were all kinds of theories about
this. Perhaps she and the Duke quarrel
ed. Perhaps she did It for the sake of
advertising. Perhaps it was all a freak,
a whim, without explanation. At any rate
nhe entered a convent and was about to
assume the veil when he found her. Ha
had been hunting like a sleuth and had
employed detectives. She was in a con
vent connected with Brompton Oratory,
and he dragged her out of It. I presume
that she wanted to be dragged. The Duka
had very prettily written that he would
Mow out the ga3 If she didn't come with
him. and she very prettily replied that
she couldn't let him waste the gas. He
is said to have broken into the convent
by force of manly muscle. He got her.
The plan of starring her came to naught,
but the lovemakfng of the two was re
sumed and the nlTair was doing nicely
when 'the report of the Zimmerman en
gagement was -circulated and soon follow
ed by the Zimmerman wedding.
Whether this was true or not, sha told
her friends that the engagement had hap
pened and she cabled to her father for his
consent. Goodness knows why he refused
it. but he did. This, however, only lent
charm to the affair.
The Duke, having exhausted all tha
flower, candy, dinner, boat-naming and
excursion possibilities, next decided to
star his- favorite. He bought a play for
her. he bought a manager for her, ha
bought the use of a theater for her. Just
as the time for her debut waa at hand,
she disappeared.
As soon as she was able to be out they
went on excursions together. They went
to Oxford one day, she became tired In
making the rounds of the buildings and
she was taken ill again. She claims that
It was during this Illness that sha and
the Duke became engaged.
She must have proved an interesting in
valid, for the Duke was devoted. Ha
bought her roses in carnation season and
vice versa. He named his boat Portia.
He had a beautiful time sentimentalizing.
Whether she really thought he meant It
all can never be known, but at any rata
she chose to claim that she did.
The Elliott girls got her work. Her
eyes got her a Duke. She couldn't keep
either.
She was In the height of a magnificent
time when she fell down stairs. And this
•was only the first of her downfalls. Sha
had been dining at the Hotel Cecil when
it happened. That was the last gay din
ner for her foi some time. Her aplns
was injured and she was laid up for
weeks.
On the whole, they greatly enjoyed her
visit, taking their enjoyment in delicious
Ebocks. As for her, she thought they
were great bores. She did what actresses
all do sooner or later— she went to Lon
don.
She astounded Salem.
She had learned so many things sine*
she had been «one. She set about teach
ing these things to the Salemltes, and
some were eager to learn, while others
hesitated.
Her fatber'3 joy at seeing her waa not
unmixed. During Portia's ups she had at
tended to some of his financial affairs,
and he had reasons of his own for liking
to see her prosperous.
The ups and down continued and In
cluded a small part in a barn-stormlng
company, a metropolitan engagement as
understudy in Sothern's company, mere
tramping among agencies, and in tha end
a return to Oregon. •
It occurred to her to try posing. 8h«
thought up a false name, as they all do
tor-rtbts pot-boiling work, and with It sha
betook herself to the studios. She was
turned down, sometimes politely and
sometimes impolitely. You can see from
her photograph what was the matter. She.
has gorgeous eyes, storm-clouds of hair,
the figure of a Venus, but her mouth and
nose won't do a little -bit. They are not
classical. In fact, they are rather coarse.
From an artistic point of view she was
out of the question. So she gave up tha
studio canvassing.
She was ill again. She was 111 a great
many times, and all the while she was
dragging herself from one agency to an
other when she was able to walk. Car
faro was a luxury. She kept her belong
ings in a dreary Twenty-third street
boarding house and she gave her address
as often as she could at a friend's hous«
and was vague about It the rest of th«
time.
Once there, she had ups and ¦ downs.
Phe has a knack of making friends and
this knack gave her several starts that
never developed into anything more than
starts. Mrs. Sarah Cowell Le Moyne was
one of her most valuable acquisitions.
Mrs. Le Moyne has a tremendous heart,
and she took Portia into it. She cheered
her and advised her and condoled 'with
her, and better, she introduced her right
and left to the right people. The upshot
was that she got a chance to rehearse
with the "Moth and the Flame" company,
but a man whom she called a heartless
wretch refused her the part she wanted
and she left the company In something
that looked like hysterics and that she
called anxiety.
Her troubles now became financial. Sh«
has always had troubles. It has been for
tunate that they have changed about. Her
health was doing very well for It, but
Warde was hearing of discrepancies at
the box office. It was one of those years,
you will remember, when he and James
split and both took pleasure In becoming
poor but proud. Warde's company finally
broke up. the people of It were left
stranded, and Portia Knight had to tele
graph to her father for fifty dollars with
which to reach New Tcrk.
She made her next start toward the pro
fessional stage and for the once she had a
little show of success. Frederic "Ward*
was playing: in San Francisco in the early
part of '96. and somehow he and *ho
patched it up between them that sh»
Bhould understudy his leading lady. This
pave her come training and the chance to
add an experience line to her professional
card.
By the time she considered herself
through with study ahe had gained Just
enough practicality to know the value of
advertising. She attempted to give dra
matic recitations for the purpose of mak
ing herself known. After a few small at
tempts she prepared for a blar entertain
ment, and then her haunting Illness ap
peared again and on the eve of the per
formance she gave out. The entertain
ment was indefinitely postponed.
As the stage was not looking for •
roung lady without training, without
money, without anything but a good fig
ure and a pair of stunning eyes, she found
It necessary to study first. She entered a
dramatic school, where she studied what
phe didn't know and taugrht what sh»
did. In this school she made friends with
Maxine and Gertrude Elliott, who came In
hnndy later on.
THE WESTERN GIRL
WHO IS SUING
THE DUKE OF
MANCHESTER
FOR BREACH OF
PROMISE.presents he is going to receive on his
next birthday, are of the same rich hue.
Mr. Elllnghouse of the California Thea
ter drowns his business sorrows in the
most comfortable bachelor quarters im
aginable—325 Ellis street is his home, and
there one can generally find him when off
duty with his pipe and steins, books and
perhaps a congenial friend or two, all of
which go to prove that in spite of hla
815 Hyde street is the home address Fred
Belasco of the Alcazar' gives his friends.
It is presided over by his charming wife,
and many there are Who can bear testi
mony to the true hospitality that is dis
pensed within its doors. Mr. Belasco has
a penchant for color, so the various rooms
are furnished to carry out the color
scheme, his own being in the richest of
dark reds, and all the cushions upon
which he so comfortably reclines, seem
ingly in happy speculation of how many
i
Mr. Leahy of the Tivoli has perhaps the
most interesting den in San Fran
cisco. One where he can shut himself
off from civilization and find surcease of
sorrow in the contemplation of his hand
some theatrical photograph gallery. Here
can be found the most valuable collection
of old-time followers of the stage in thfe
city. Perhaps the most marked of all is
the group photograph, showing all of the
great American actors and actresses that
from time to time have figured .in the
famous old stock company of the Cali
fornia Theater— Edwin Booth, Lawrence
Barrett. Adelaide Nielson, old Mrs. Ju
dah. Mme. Janauschek, James O'Neill.
Clara Morris, Emily Melville and many
others.
Walter and Harry Morosco of the Grand
Opera-house have quarters that would
tempt almost any one to become a man
ager. Rich tapestry, quaint artistic bits
of bric-a-brac, easy chairs and soft rugs
in abundance.
Now to some of our local managers and
their homes. Perhaps there is more spec
ulation as to the duties and .pleasures of
theatrical people than of -any other
profession. Some will insist that a man
ager's life Is all beer and skittles, others
that It is all worry; neither, however, is
correct, but from general observation the
former theory has a blp the best of it. I
fancy.
Nat Goodwin and his beautiful wife,
Maxine Elliott, make their headquarters
in their English home abroad.
Margaret Ar.glln, the recently "discov
ered," also lives in a cozy flat, which is
shared by our talented San Francisco
playwright, Charlotte Thompson. When
one is not acting and the other not writ
ing they hie to the kitchen, where th«
scandalized cook watches them concoct
the most delicious salads, and it is said
by those of their friends who know that
all of their chafing-dish specialties ar«j
not failures.
The crowning torture of a stage kiss
may be— and. where possible. Is— avoided
by the "kiss Implied" method. Here the
author's victims shoot their heads over
each other's shoulder, and by their ec
static thrills give the audience to under
stand that a kiss is going on somewhere
in the region of" the ear. But the "kiss
Implied" must be done very adroitly or
the implication will be missing; and he
must carefully guard the lapel of his
dress coat from contact with her cheek,
for both their sakes. But ifls a cowardly
subterfuge at best. Or it may be that a
mere planting of the lips , on her brow.
Just near the wig. will suffice: but this
"kiss paternal" denotes a flabby, Regen
erate sort of lover.^ Again, If matters
have not ' gone to extremes, the young
man may get off with kissing the lady's
hand; the "kiss reverential" is a good
way out of thft difficulty when practica
ble. But the best way of all, from the
actor's point of view, is to cut out the ob
jectionable Hne3 ana episode or to rewrite
the play. ..%. ; :
"Who, who can queptlon the stage lover's
right to a botlla of stout, or any other re
freshment he may require, after this?
And surely the ghastly business Is no less
disagreeable to the poor feminine victim,
fresh, very likrly, from all the comfort*
of a refined home, with flowers and
things. If only in a stage kiss each wasn't
so near to the other! If only each could
not see the other! But. by jove. he c«n,
and that is where the trouble of stagt)
kisses comes m.
audience are switched on Edwin and An
gelina yearn again.' . And lo! Angelina's
soft eyes are filled with tears, she is that
happy!
ACTORS DREAD THE STAGE KISS.
Glaring into his, two unearthly looking
eyes, the lids painted dark blue, with a
'touch of red color In each of the inside
corners. The lashes are thickly coated
with a black substance not unlike burnt
cork. On her trow he can discern the
line of the wig with the sunny ringlets at
tached. He knows the sickly taste of the
: ultra-sanguine, rosebud lips. But, loyal to
his author, he plays the man. He strains
the yielding form to his heart: he "kisses"
her; the curtain falls on a picture of un
exampled love, and as the lights in the
But whatdoes he see. poor fellow? He
is the earnest lover. He has exchanged
vows with her, three Inches from her
nose, bawling Into her face in order that
the "gods" may hear and understand. She
has assured him, in the same bellow, that
his love Is not In vain: she has loved him,
oh! ever since before she saw him. He
"thrills"— a stage thrill Is comparatively
easy— and starts on the kiss. He looks
her full In the face (for now he is bound
to), and what dees he see? • ¦ '
life; It Is doubly difficult when all these
hundreds of people— meny of them
experienced In \ the art of osculation
—have nothing else ¦ to attract their at
tention, and, having paid their money
mean to see .the thing properly done. The
audience forgets that, which is probably
the case, these ardent lovers are the
merest acquaintances, possibly even not
on speaking terms outside the theater, es
pecially If there be a great discrepancy
in their respective salaries. No, the dress
circle sees nothing but a sweet, pretty girl
clinging to her lover, - her blue eyes wet
with tears, her sunny ringlets falling on
his manly bosom.
y N contradistinction to the prevailing
I thought that all theatrical people, In-
I eluding manager?, are minus the
A bump of domesticity are tHese facts
concerning the off-duty -hours and the
pocjal Fide in the lives of some of our well
known professionals.
Actors may travel ten months out of the
year and during that time hotels will be
their abiding-place, but as surely as the
months between seasons come around you
will find them in their own homes enjoy
ing the delights of amateur gardening,
farming, prospecting— In fact, almost any
thing that is In direct contrast to their
life work, for it is the country air, the
new occupations and the exercise that
give them strength and vigor to cope
mentally and physically with the demands
of the public for the following season.
Many a stage heroine or a matinee hero
develops the taste for ranching, and all
over California one can find cozy little ha
ciendas belonging to various members of
the profession. Foreign artists are not ex
empt from this love of country life ar.d
domesticity.
Jean de Reszke has a country home a
few miles from St. Petersburg, where his
friends can find him sunburned and happy
and In all probability if one should call
In the morning they would catch this art
lit with a fcroad-brlmmed sombrero shad-
Ing his eyes and a garden rake in his
hands. There Is nothing really more de-
Jlghtful than playing at work.
Albert Saleza spends his off hours on his
farm near Burges in the lower Pyrenees,
where he Is enthusiastic to a degree over
his chickens, pigs and cows. I am told
that the keenest pleasure and the most
beneficial exercise is taken In these serio
comic attempts at ranching.
Imagine the handsome Ernest Hastings
varying his morning calisthenics by pull
ing the weeds from the lettuce bed, or the
dainty little Edna "Wallace Hopper taking
corn to the chickens and every afternoon
going the rounds gathering the eggs In
her gingham sunbonnet— well, that is
what you are very apt to find her doing
should you happen to visit her in her lit
tle ranch home near Alameda during va
cation.
Modjeska delights in entertaining her
friends in her country place near San
Diego. Florence Roberts takes her vaca
tions In an artistic home in San FranH?co,
where every room is furnished with an
eye to solid comfort, and as Lewis Morri
son, her husband, has a passion for horses
San Franciscans are familiar with the
sight of these two spinning along the
boulevard In the face of an exhilarating
tea breeze.
TVhite TVhittlesey has a hobby, think of
it. matinee girls, your hero has a hobby,
and it is— home. But that home is in Con
necticut, and in it his mother holds sov
ereign sway. Odd artistic bits and
embroidered draperies are now and then
picked up along the route of travel and
all find their way back to the Eastern
villa, where between seasons you can find
Mr. Whittlesey busy transplanting pan
sies. and sometimes when the gardener Is
not looking he will run the lawn mower
along In uneven amateurish fashion,
thinking all the time, no doubt, that had
not fate made him an actor he would have
been a capital farmer. Midsummer illu
eions. to be sure!
Henry Miller is absolutely devoid of
hobbles at the present time: work, work
Is his every-day programme, and his home
Is where the hour finds him. His vaca
tions are spent abroad, where he still
keeps in touch with theatricals and study,
but fifteen years hence he Is going to pur
sue a fad- I have his word for it. Now,
what do you suppose It Is? No more nor
less than doing just exactly as he pleases.
Sleep when and as long as he wishes, eat
what he likes regardless of the fattening
qualities, let his beard grow long, don
his most comfortable clothes for all occa
sions, and last, but not least, occasionally
enjoy seeing a show from the front of the
house In place of getting a profile view
from the wings.
Can any one conjure a more ideal pic
ture of comfort for an overworked actor?
Lillian Burkhart has a flat in New
York-
In reality a stage kiss Is a thing of lit
tle ecstasy to the parties concerned. It
Is. as a rale, dreaded by both. Where the
artists are of a nervous temperament the
thought of the stage kiss keeps them
awake at nights. Never since the days
of Judas has anything In kisses been in
vented so completely giving the lie to the
real article. In the first place, however
It may seem from the front, it is not easy
to* put much "soul" Into the affair under
the eyes of several hundred spectators. It
would not be easy, I imagine, in actual
AMT (wildly)— I love you! I' love
you!
Sir Athol (crossing to her quickly)
—I know It! My own!
They embrace passionately.
So runs the manuscript, and "Sir Athol"
presses his Hds to hers for several sec
onds, and Edwin and Angelina in the pit—
for It Is early closing day In Brixton —
equeeze each other's hands and look Into
each other's eyes and yearn.
'"You bet he's pretty sweet on her In real
life." observes the sapient Edwin on the
way home, "or he'd never kiss her like
that!"
"Oh, do 'ueh!" replies his divinity coyly.
"Not but what I thought so, too."
And the ardent young stockbroker's
clerk, who has a great reputation In his
home circle as a "regular flirt," feels
that he Is being wasted in mere business;
that, loving the stage, he would make a
eplendld "stage lover": and, with no other
qualification than that of suburban Don
Juanlsra, he forthwith Joins Mr. Squeezer's
X Company— "fit-up" towns— and starts
on his theatrical career at Salisbury Town
Hall. . '
ona will find It difficult to pick out a pro
fesslon possessing a keener spirit of rood
fellowship, a more. fraternal feeling,
where each member Is always ready to
lend a band, or to be ths first to speak a
word of praise for a fellow artist, than In
the theatrical profession, and as th© stags
Is most prolific of reminiscences and pro
ductive of the best entertainers it 'would
be equally difficult to find a more thor
oughly jolly, well informed and compan
ionable lot of citizens than managers and
actors. H. H. QUTMBY-
Quarters speak most forcibly of solid
comfort and also . of frequent, convivial
gatherings, for In one, corner there Is a
suggestive little brasa tea kettle with al
cohol lamp, and Just behind the screen
can be found a chafing dish and a pleca
or two of dainty china.
Those who have seen Mr. Thall when ho
is not acting the part of dignified man
ager say he knows how to use those arti
cles and that when he does the result
would tempt an epicure.
In business as well as in the social sld»
Mr. Gottlob returned so recently from
New. York that his home is not yet com
plete, but his temporary headquarters are
comfortable rooms In the Richelieu . on
Van Ness avenue. ..... .... _
Mr. Morrlsey of the Orpheum occupies
the coziest apartments lhat the Palace
Hotel can furnish; there he has home
without the worry of -occasionally dis
charging the cook. If Mr. Morrisey has
a hobby, it is perhaps that of making
happy his beautiful and talented life com
panion, Mrs. Morrisey. \'/^
lonely bachelor state ha finds life ' not
Quite a failure.
One of the finest libraries In San.Fran
cisco can be found In the home of Mr.
Marks of the Columbia Theater. Next to
books Mr. Marks likes. flowers, and many
an hour is whlled away in the floral wild
erness surrounding, his home out on th»
heights of Broadway.
There Is an erroneous Idea that the
genial ' manager of the Alcazar, Mark
Thall, works all the time. True enough
In a sense! One can generally find Mr.
Thall busy In his office writing telegrams
or answering phonea, but hla bachelo^
Mr. Meyerfeld, president of the Or
pheum, resides at 1012 Van Ness avenue.
In the photograph on this page ho Is busy
talking over a business matter with Mar
tin Beck, the Eastern representative of
the Orpheum. Mr. Beck was . somewhat
shy o.-' the camera, but the photographer
caught him just as he was saying "syn
dicate," and here he la.
Mr. Oppenhelmer, th© younrert of
Frisco managers, resides with his mother,
311 Spruce street, and a very pretty place
It Is, for Mr. Oppenhelmer has a fondness
for. Oriental draperies and a fad for col
lecting ruga, both of which add gTeatly
to the comfort and beauty of his horns.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
HOW
THEATRICAL
FOLK LIVEThe Germans used to make the manner
In which the. ring was worn of signifi
cance. Thus, If a young man wished to
marry, he wore a ring on the first finger
of his left hand; if engaged, he put it on
the second finger; If married, on the third;
if he preferred to remain single he wore
it on his little finger. The woman an
nounced her intention In the same man
ner on her right hand. <**"
Wedding rings are not always plain gold
circlets. During the last few years a
large number of couples have adopted a
ring* made in two parts. When worn, it
looks like an ordinary gold ring, with an
almost imperceptible Joint The idea,
which originated in Germany, was that,
in the event of the wife -becoming a
widow, cne part of the ring would b»
taken off and, the remaining narrow band
of gold would be a constant reminder, of
her loss.'
Wedding Rings*
k As a matter of fact it Is thirty years
old, but only lately has anybody paid at
tention to it. Old Dr. Stillof Kirksville,
Mo., was . the man who made it and
named it. and ha started other men to
working out what he was pretty vague
about. He named the system osteopathy,
from "osteon," - which means bone, and
All over the country It is being henrd
of, and is gaining converts every day.
Besides those already named, such famous
people as the Forakers, Governors Tan
ner, Stevens. Grout, Lee and Shaw, e>x-
Governor Pingree, Daniel Frohman— these
are all on the list. In our own city
Charles Paxton and Charles - Fish are
among those who have been won over.
It's time to know what osteopathy means.
Other States -besides New York have
squabbled over the same thing, and in ten
of them the new practice of healing las
come out ahead. , California is at last on
the list of those legalizing the practice,
and, in consequence, osteopathy is flour
ishing hereabouts like the green bay tree.
San Francisco has a sanitarium and a
college, where, after a two years' course,
students may be graduated to the degree
of D.-O.,; which means Diplomat or-Doc
tor'of Osteopathy, as you like. /-.; .-_ '¦ -_[
we will be bound to have them. I didn't
care a ftg about them till I heard of this
bill. I may want more than one osteopath,
because had the Clemens ' tribe been In
the Garden of Eden they would have tak
en the -whole crop of apples." T
Goodness only knows there are
enough broken bones and brain con
gestions and pneumonias in the world
—quite enough to help us find out
cur friends. As for the unreal ones,
they are a bore to others and ought
to be to ourselves. I have the kind
est regard for all the doctors I know,
osteopathic and otherwise, but I
think we should be better off if more
of them had to give up their rigs and
ride in five-cent street cars.
At present, some of us are doing
bo in order to pay their bills.
SABAH OOMSTOCTK.
"No, you shouldn't," I said, for I
knew that the girl did not know
what real suffering was. "Your walk
ing away is the best tonic she could
have. Men always -will walk away
from troubles and there's no way that
they can help us more. It makes us
feel very much ashamed and we de
cide to be more game the next time..
We give, each other too much mushy
sympathy; if you men can help us to
forget our small ailments by ignoring
them,' you are " doing missionary
work." x •
* "I often feel like a brute wneu my
sister tells me about her aches and
pains, because I . can't sympathize
with. her. Sometimes I get so tir:d
of hearing about them that I walk
away. I suppose I should be
thrashed."
OSTEOPATHY— All stuff ana noi.
sense, says one. A mere bone-puL 1
ing -proposition. A leg-pulling on
'as well-
Osteopathy— A Gangerous thing
because a break from the beaten path
say the more serious-minded opposers.
Osteopathy — The only possible system of
healing, say the devotees.
At any rate, all acknowledge that it is
worth fighting about, and that proven
that it is . no unimportant system of kill-'
Ing or curing, whichever it may be.
Well-known people all over the United
States are taking it up and Introducing it
to their families. Among them are Mrs.
Carrie'Nation and Mark Twain. The for
mer has an ax out for anybody that
dares disapprove of it while she is
around. The latter told 4000 people In the
Albany Assembly chamber that josteo'-'.
pathy ought to have the right to practice
if it wanted to. / .
• The State of New York was divided
against itself in the matter. What Mark
said was this:
"The State stands like a Gibraltar for
spiritual liberty, and it should stand for
bodily liberty. You have a right to doctor
your soul in any way you please, even to '
its, everlasting. death. Why should the
State step in with this matter of smaller
consequence? Don't let us "whittle our
liberties down.
"Drive the osteopaths out of the. State
and it will be the old story of the Garden
of Eden. Adam didn't . need the apple,
¦ but when It was' prohibited he sinned to
eet it. A3 sure as you prohibit osteopaths.
But it is still another encourager
of ailments. This town and every
other town of America is full of
them. There are the orthodox prac
tioners, tier upon tier of them, in the
downtown office buildings. There are
th» *-• a *-,-„*_., rrHi ismg> BCat .
I was looking to see a room split
in two by a screen- I was looking for
a piece of furniture, outwardly any
thing from wardrobe to parlor organ
and inwardly folding bed. Not a bit
of It.
Osteopathy occupies the whole
building represented by its Sutter
street number. I awaited Diplomat
in a reception room where I saw mir
rored full-lengths of myself framed
in gold on every side and where I
could not hear my own feet fall for
the velvety depths of the carpet. The
chairs were sleek and portly and bro
caded.
"You look prosperous here,*' I said
to the Diplomat.
He rubbed his silky hands to
gether in a prosperous way and
smiled a prosperous smile.
"We are," he replied, and opened
his dainty Sussia leather appoint
ment book. ' j
It was overflowing.
That is just the trouble. Osteo
pathy, like every other form of cure,
is far too prosperous. Osteopathy is
no doubt all right; after ell the Di
plomat's beautiful explanations of
the bodily mechanism and the way
its wheels and levers should be put
in order, I can't but believe that it is
all right. There could' be nothing
more plausible; the mechanism of
your body is tut of order just as that
of your bicycle might be; Osteopathy
keeps a repair shop -where you can
drop in with your body and have it
repaired while you wait.
SOME obscure quackery," I said
when I started out to find Os
teopathy.
Then, when the number was
given me —
"In the smart Sutter-street dis
trict," I reflected, "where it is good
form to take one's ailments. For ths
cake of engraving that address on its
card, Osteopathy hangs out a shingle
in a back room. The shingle an
nounces '2 to 4 p. m.' because that
gives an air of importance, and Os
vteopathy lunches on coffee and
doughnuts and wishes it dare receive
patients the other 22 hours."
It Is a. sorry fact to own that we
women have more of these cherished
ailments than men have. A man
doesn't often develop them unless his
wife is the kind that runs after him
armed with a bottle of liniment in
one hand and a mustard plaster In the
ether; then he feels that he must pro
vide targets for her weapons.
. It is left for some of our sex to
assemble and compare notes over the
teacups on headaches. Most men con
sider ailments the unimportant
things of life because they are the
disagreeable ones. A man said to tee
the other day:
tered here, there and everywhere.
There are too many of them doirg
thriving businesses. There can't be
enough real ailments in this town
of 350,000 people to pay the rent ot
all these suites of offices and to ke^p
up all those swagger, professional
rigs. The trouble is that they ara
largely supported fcy unreal ailments
We have so many of. them and
they are such pampered pets. Wo
lavish on them all we can afford and
usually a good deal more. The doc
tors are not in the Isact to blame —
they don't rob us, but our pets do.
The doctors ere a very sensible lot to
take advantage of our folly. "We took
our ailments th? rounds of allopathy
end homeopathy and then -we tried
Christian Science and various mental
healings and now we are treating
them to Osteopathy.
I used to have a throat that -was
the darling of my heart. I did it up
in a cozy mink skin in the winter and
in a fluffy ostrich boa in the summer.
Minks and .ostriches charge high, too.
for their coverings. I took my throat
to Chicago and gave it a five-dollar-a
peep specialist. When it was tired of
him, I hired others and bought out
drugstores. I treated it like a spoiled
child. It ran up immense bills for
me, and for a while I worried abou 1 :
them, but in the end I learned phil
osophy. The last bill -was so big that
I knew it must be meant as a joke, so
I threw it in the waste basket and
decided to take the joke all in good
part and always to speak pleasantly
to the joker when I met him.
By that time I was tired of bror
chitis and tonsilitis. I had gone the
round of cures and it occurred to me
that I had done enough. So I gave
up my throat, cut its acquaintance,
forgot that it existed, and the resu' r t
ie that I have never heard from it
since. ,
Old Dr. Still invented the thing in Mis
souri, but It is, being talked about from
coast to coast, and one of its representa
tives, Dr. Llttlejohn. has read a" paper
about It before a society in London. So if
it keeps on at this rate it looks as If the
druggists would have to throw out all
their stock except stamps, telephones and
the directory.
He makes a big point of the claim that
there are no sorry effects from their
treatments. There are no stimulants to
react from, no poisonous drugs for the
system to recover from.
Then the diplomat repeats: No drugs ex
cept toxic antidotes and anesthetics. The
druggists hate him,* and no wondei. We
use' mechanical therapeutics. And he
spells it with en upper-case M and T.
Dr. J. M. Smith, they add, oftthe New
York Collfge of Physicians and Surgeons
says of digitalis: "It has hurried I thou.
pands to the grave. All medicines which
enter the circulation poison the blood in
the same manner as do the poisons that
produce disease."
"The blood is the life," they quote, and
It can't be set in order by the use of
drugs. As for heart diseases, they say.
the current practice is to treat the pa
tient with some of the cardiac poisons or
heart paralyzers, seeking to control the
heart's action, when the heart Is doing
the best it can under the abnormal condi
tions existing elsewhere. Probably by far
the most commonly used of these poisons
Is digitalis, yet Dunglison in his medical
dictionary says of this poison that "It Is
cumulative in Its action, and that In over
doses it causes vomiting:, purging, dimness
of sight, vertigo, delirium, hiccough, con
vulsions and death— all the symptoms, in
short, which characterize the acrotar
cotic class of poisons."
• Every druggist in the country is apply
ing his little hammer to the' osteopaths,
for they are smashing his bottles for him
as if they were all Mrs. Nations and his
goocU were all gin. They don't do It with
a hatchet; they merely tell you that he Is
selling you poison. and~they can cure you
by other and far pleasanter means. There
Is no doubt that it Is far nicer to lie down
comfortably and be rubbed and kneaded
and stroked until you feel like a sleepy
kitten than to pour down brown doses and
gulp pills, one after each meal and at
bedtime.
The body, says. Dr. Potter, is like a
clock. If all the -wheels and springs are
in good running order It will ,take care of
itself. They can be put in order by keep
ing up th? circulation and the activity of
the nerve forces.
These sympathetic nerves are the means
of reaching those organs that cannot be
directly wrought upon by manipulation.
The solar plexus is the center of them.
How are you going to regulate matters
without medicine? There are nerve cen
ters In the spine; these connect by a per
fect telegraph system with the vital or
gans. Then throw away your medicine
bottles, say the osteopaths, let us lay you
on an operating table and we will inhibit
the nerves along your spine, or lrrita*e
them, as the need may be. Maybe you"
don't believe it. but we can reach your
digestive organs that way and settle In
ehort order with that lobster salad that
you stowed away after midnight.
Then he will explain to you how he
presses upon a nerve, usually in the spine,
and how this pressure, by means of the
sympathetic nerves, reaches In. Its effects
the part of the body where the obstruc
tion has occurred. The proper manipula
tion or pressure, causes a stimulation that
results In the "moving on" of the obstruc
tion.
The way that the osteopath does this
Is by manipulation. He has the trick of
kneading down very much finer than any
masseur that pretends to do the same. If
you compare his treatment to massage he
will look at you In a way not friendly,
and you will feel a chill In the atmosphere
until you have covered up your blunders.
"The difference," he will explain Icily, "is
that massage Is a general system of
manipulation without any specific end In
view, and Is usually practiced by per
sons who wouldn't understand the science
of the body If It were explained to them.**
All this was well enough In Its way. but
there was not enough of ft. Evidently
the bones could not be m$de responsible
for every 111 that flesh is heir to. So the
followers of Dr. Still enlarged upon his
theory- They said: The principles ap
plied to the osseous system are equally
applicable to every system of the body.
Then, if all the syste'ms of the body are
unotstrrcted in their work they will per
form their functions perfectly, health will
be certain, and man will need no remedial
agency whatever. If a policeman finds a
street obstructed by a disorderly crowd,
he says "Move on." The physician who
finds the system of the body obstructed
says "Move on" to the obstruction.
So he began to experiment and in time
he worked out a system by which he
claimed and believed that disease could
be cured. His reasoning was this: By
the displacement of a bene the blood or
nerve supply of the body is interfered
with and disease results. Remove the ob
struction by placing the bony parts of the
body in perfect order and health returns.
Something was wrong with medicine, he
told himself. The children might have
been saved.
"pathos,"* which means disease, but th«
Idea of bone disease Is. so narrow & on*
that the modern osteopaths would like to
change th© name If It hadn't already be
come a fixture. Dr. Still had some sort
of an Idea that all disease was In the
bone and could be treated accordingly.
but his followers don't hold to that. They
say that he had an Inkling of the real
thing and that they are elaborating It.
He pointed out the way and they are
grading it. The chances are that they are
reaping the rewards, too.
In the year 1871 Dr. Still lost three chil
dren within twenty-four hours. They all
died of spinal meningitis.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
OSTEOPATHY
IS NOW
THE FADBooks Received.
OCTAVIA THE OCTOROON— By J. P.
Lee. The Abbey Press. 50 cents.
POETICAL WORKS— By Loufs M.
Elshemus. The Abbey Press, New York.
$2.
A PERILOUS PATH— By Kate Davis.
The Abbey Press. New York. 50 cents.
A MUSICAL REFORMATION — By
John A. Cone. The Abbey Pres3, New
York. 60 cents.
THE GREAT BREAD TRUST— By VT.
H. Wright. The Abbey Press. New York.
A "WOMAN'S REVENGE— By Law
Muir. The Abbey Press, New York. 60
cents.
A SUMMER HYMNAL— By John Trot
wood Moore. Henry T. Coates & Co.,
Philadelphia, U 25.
THE GREAT WAR TREK-By James
Barnes. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
$150.
MARCUS- WHITMAN- By "William A.
Mowry, Ph.D. Silver, Burdett & Co.,
New York.
HISTORY OF THE CH.RISTIAN RE
LIGION TO THE YEAR 200— By Charles
V. Waite. A. M. C. V. Walte & Co.. Chi
cago. $2.25. -
HERBERT SPENCER AND HJ9
CRITICS— By Charles V. Waite. A.M. C.
V. Waite & Co.. Chicago. *L
THE BOXER BOOK— By William Roe.
Frank Flns.terbach. Chicago. Cloth 60
cents, in paper 25 cents.
THE RUBAIYAT OF MIRZA-MEM'X—
Published by Henry Olendorf Shepard.
Chicago.
WITHOUT A NAME— By Edward
Blackman. The Whitaker & Ray Com
pany. San Francisco. $1.
AMONG THE REDWOODS— By LH
"llan H. Shuey. The Whitaker & Ray
Company, San Francisco. 25 cents.
STORY OF EVANGELINE— ByL, H.
Vincent. The Whltaker & Ray Company,
San Francisco. 25 cents.
SHELLS AND SEA LIFE— By Joslah
Keep. A.M. The Whltaker & Ray Com
pany. San Francisco. 50 cents.
Yale Bicentennial Series.
A series of volumes has been prepared
by ifi number of professors and instructors
of Yale University to be Issued in connec
.tion . with the bicentennial anniversary
of the university as a partial indication
of the character of the studies in which
the University teachers are engaged. The
serler" will be published by Charles Scrib
[ner's Sons, and will comprise about thirty
volumes, which are intended to illustrate
the function of the .university in the dis
covery and orderly arrangement of knowl
edge. Some of the works are special and
technical, but works of more general in
terest will also be found in the set. In
the series will be Included books on the
social sciences, history, minor philological
¦sciences, linguistics and phonetics; vol
.umes.on literature, ancient and modern;
mathematics, pure and applied, arid on
physics and mechanics. Also collected pa
pers written by Instructors and advanced
students In the various laboratories, taken
from scientific j journals and reprinted
with some new additional contributions.
*In one case all the work of the laboratory
is thus .collected. % If is confidently ex
pected that with few exceptions these
volumes will be published before the bi
centennial celebration in October.
¦ , The first of the .series to appear Is one
on' "The. Confederate States of America,
1861-1S65," by John 'Christopher Schwab,
professor of political economy in Yale Uni
versity. ' This work gives a financial and
Industrial history of the South during the
Civil War. Others have written the his
tory of the finances and industries of the
North, but the South has heretofore been
neglected, -owing to, the lack of reliable
material upon which to base the complete
sister, and a sympathetic priest, Durant,
escape to the mountains to make a last
stand at an almost impassable defile.
Their party is finally overwhelmed by
superior numbers, but not until Mathilde
has murdered Madret in his tent and
nearly every one else has been killed or
mortally -wounded.
The end of the book is as tragic as coujd
be expected for a tale that from the first
page breathes of portending evil. Mr.
Embree writes with* a forceful pen, but
this story is really far ' fetched in its
dramatic effects and of rather the dime
novel order. (Published by The Bowen-
Merrill Company, Indianapolis. Price
$1 50.)
The Aristocrats.
"The Aristocrats" Is supposedly a col
lection of letters written by an English
woman in the Adirondacks to a friend in
Great Britain. Lady Helen, the writer of
the letters, is the sister of a,, young Eng
lish Duke. The Duke has come to
America "with his two sisters to seek
among the forests of the Adirondacks
restoration of a health lost in dissipa
tion. ' . ¦ ,
Several months are spent by them in a
cottage far up in the woods. The author
is certainly a great lover of nature, as Is
shown by the appreciation in the letters
of this young girl. The matter of climate
and scenery Is, however, a side issue to
the real purpose of the book. This real
purpose seems to be a sarcastic and caus
tic criticism of both Americans and Eng
lishmen.
The letters wonder at the odd types of
humanity we have that call themselves
Americans, and most cleverly set forth
our weaknesses— all as 6een' through the
cp.i did eyes of this young woman who is
sveh a good correspondent of some one
over the -water.
This said young woman, the sister of the
Duke, holds the most extraordinary views
and also seems to think that her. ideas
are those of the whole British empire. The
main tenor of her thoughts is the vin
dication of free love — she does not claim
to personally approve- of it for herself,
but simply for other people.
The Identity of the author Is held a se*
cret. Tt may have been written by any
one, but it sounds as if It came from the
pen of some New York newspaper man
out for a little fun. It is certainly well
written, .filled with clever epigrams, and
1.3 said to be creating considerable discus
sion in. the East. . From a moral stand
point it is at times— rotten! (Published
by John Lane, New York.)
AUPRED DR5VPUS.
ftF the diary of Alfred Dreyfus had been
i published two years ago it would have
jl eet the world on fire. At this time it
is not likely to prove a fad. but. never
theless, it promises to command a great
amount of attention.
Six years have passed since the accusa
tion of the young artillery captain for the
most atrocious of all crimes known to the
Foldier— high treason against his country.
To the world at large the cry of this man
against the degradation that followed his
trial seevaeA the plea of an innocent man
and subsequent events pointed but the
more strongly to a martyrdom.
For years Dreyfus was out of the world
and remained silent. When he was finally
brought back to receive again his liberty
it was thought for some time that this
wreck of a man would never again know
the blessings of health and strength. He
went to prison young and came out after
those few years prematurely aged.
At last he has spoken and submits to
the world his own account of those fright
ful five years of trial and incarceration,
1R94-1899.
The life of Dreyfus up to. the time of
his accusation Is told In two pages. It
amounts to nothing more than the usual
career of a young army officer. Born in
Alsace. October 9. 1?59. he became a cadet
of artillery in 1SS0. in 18S9 received a com
mission of captain of artillery, was mar
ried the next winter, and in 1S93 took serv
ice In the Second Bureau of the General
Staff.
Saturday, the 13th of October. 1894, was
the beginning of what came very near
being the end. He was arrested on the
suspicion of having furnished the German
military attache in Paris with a treason
able paper. This -was the famous "bor
dereau" that became the basis of the
entire Dreyfus case.
This account of his life by Alfred Drey
fus appeals to the reader not as a mere
recital of occurrences in the case, but be
cause 5t Is by Dreyfus himself. At last
we hear from the persecuted man his own
Fide of the story, his own feelings and
sensations.
We have had the newspaper and maga
zine accounts and reports until every one
is familiar with the details of the case
ar.d has formed his own opinion long ago.
The interest in the mere recital of facts
is dead, trot the curiosity to know exactly
what Dreyfus himself thought about the
whole affair certainly exists. It must be
paid in all justice to the man that abso
lute fairness seems to rule his account,
nnd still this recital is the most dramatic
bit of fact ever published.
In the first chapter Dreyfus tells of his
arrest and peculiar examination by Com
mandant Du Paty. The proceedings were
certainly irregular, to say the least. He
was called into a private room and asked
to copy certain sentences from dictation,
then suddenly charged with high treason,
end hustled away to the military prison.
A note from Commandant Forzinetti.
the head of the prison. Is given In full and
i=hows that this man, accustomed to all
sorts and conditions of prisoners and
criminals, decided in his own mind be
yond the question of a doubt that Drey
fus was an innocent man. It is certainly
a most interesting paper, but too long to
ropy as a whole. This extract shows the
general sentiment:
' "During the years that I have spent as
the head of various military prisons I
have acquired a great experience of pris
oners, and I do not fear to »say. and to
pay deliberately, that a terrible mistake
has been made. I have never regarded
Captain Dreyfus as a traitor to his coun
try and uniform."
Then came the first court-martial of
3S94 and the conviction, the beginning of
persecution for the unfortunate man. The
diary says:
To me acqultt*! pwmed certain.
I wrf fnurvj «:ui!tj'.
I learn»d fcur years and a half later that
the Kocd faith of the Judgas had been nbused
by th« testimony, of Henry (he who afterward
b ' can " a fwtser). a« we!! as by the communi
cation in th» courtroom of secret documents
unknown to <he acouwl and his counsel doc
uments of wHch some did not apply to' him
while the rest wore forgeries.
Th» FAcr** communication of thcs» docu
mem* to the members of the court-mart i.i i^
MercVer 0 " Cha " lber WaS ««•«« £ <SerS
The man's terrible mental sufferings af
ter this are shown in his letters to his
devoted wife. He received another blow
when, on the 31s t of December. 1891 ha
heard that his appeal for a new trial'had
been refuFed. It was then that onlv the
thought of his family and of regaining
his honor kept him from a suicide's
grave. On the 5th of January followed his
degradation. .
"I underwent the horrible torture with
out weakness," he begins simply, as. in
deed, the newppaner reports attest. "Be
fore Ihe ceremony I waited an hour in
the hall of the garrison adjutant. •. * •
During these long minutes I gathered up
all the forces of my being. • • • After
this I was marched to the center of the
square, under a guard of four men and
a corporal. Nine o'clock struck. General
Darras. commanding the parade, gave
the order to carry arms. I suffered agon
izingly, but held myself erect with all my
Ftrergth. To 'sustain me I called up the
memory of nay wife and children. As soon
as the sentence had been read I cried
alcud, addressing myself to the troops:
"Soldiers, they are degrading an Innocent
man. Soldiers, they are dishonoring an
innocent man. . Vive la France, vive
:
•Imagine the, good lady's surprise when,
during the event, she finds her husband
surrounded by all the. titled personages in
the' room, all' falling over each other in
their • endeavor to. meet him, while she
herself Is left to ; stand alone. It seems
that Mr. Nash is recognized abroad as the
greatest railroad promoter of the century
—a. fact" unknown to his wife and one
, Mr. Nash goes his way. with dogged per
sistency, however, and sees everything
there is to be seen; and often surprises
his wife by showing that he knows more
of the ; works of art they are visiting
than she does herself. , She is in despair
when a grand function is in the near fu
ture where they .will meet all the notables
of Europe. First, because she fears that
"George" will not go, and, second, be
cause having consented to go she is afraid
he will not be dressed in the proper man
ner and will disgrace her with his/'Amer
ican .ways." ¦ .; . . ; . . • . v
Mrs. Nash does not hold a very high
opinion of her husband when it comes to
chancing the delloate diplomacy of mixing
with the cream of foreign society. She is,
moreover, bored to death when- he ex
presses the desire to see Paris as th.e tour
ist sees it. He almost drives her crazy
when he floats about the city in an open
carriage with his guide book In his hand
and his head in the air. j ,
| It seems mors than the finer sensibilities
of the refined Mrs. : Nash can bear.' .
It Is to be in Paris that these two, typi
cal of a certain class of Americans, are
to become better friends than ever, be
fore. • . .
This year she succeeds In getting Mr.
Nash to accompany her. Mr. Nash goes
under the doctor's orders, for. like other
American men,' he has worn his life near
ly out in business and had barely time to
strike up a passing acquaintance with his
family. .
Mrs. Nash Is an old hand at the annual
trip to Paris of the New York wealthy
class. She has been going over for years
to pick out her gowns, enjoy the gossip,
educate her child and spend her husband's
money. . . .-
It tells in dialogue the humorous story
of how Mrs. Nash took her husband to
Paris. Mr. Nash is a New York business
man and one of the greatest railroad men
of the United States. He has some twenty
thousand men who hold their positions at
his discretion. In spite of that fact he is
rather under the thumb of madam, who
by no means appreciates the kind of hus
band she has. . f
The American Husband in Paris.
The latest work fro-i the pen of Anna
Bowman Dodd is "The American Hus
band in Paris." The "Three Normanfl
Inns" made a hit. and then last year
"Falalse, the Town of the Conqueror"
repeated the success 'for Mrs. Dodd. Her
last book, on the American husband in
Paris, is not nearly so pretentious a work
as either of the other two, but it bears
the author's stamp of cleverness and can
not fail to entertain.
In view of the general popularity, espe
cially 1n England, of the revival of handi
crafts, it would be well if Mr. James' sug
gestions on "How the art may be pre
served" were taken up and put in force
by those who have the leisure to devote
to such matters. The Government is
spending much money on the education of
the Indians and there Is a great field for
them In the perpetuation of their own
arts, for which they are better fitted than
for ours.
The wonderful water tight baskets in
which they have for ages cooked their
food are In .themselves curiosities for
which the demand will never end. but will
Increase as fast as the marvels become'
known. (Published by Henry Malkan, 1
"William street. New York.)
number the opportunity to secure them is
passing away.
Through all of his more -than two hun
dred . large pages Mr. James never once
gets away from his subject, and there is
not a line of padding in the book. It Is
"copiously illustrated" in. reality, with
pictures which are pert»nent. Over three
hundred illustrations, mostly photo
graphic, and showing altogether probably
more than one thousand basket patterns,
so that the collector or dealer will have
no trouble in placing at once any pattern
which .may come under his notice.'
i "And when he is discovered. I beseech
that the compassion which so great a'
misfortune as mine inspires may be given
"I simply declare once more that I am
innocent of this abominable crime, and I
ask ever and again for this one thing,
always the same thing— that the search
for the culprit who is the real author of
this base crime be prosecuted.
Following this is a petition to the Pres
ident of the republic to give the diary to
Mme. Dreyfus, closing with:*
"I am so utterly weary, so broken down
In body and soul, that to-day I stop my
diary, not beinp able to foresee how long
my strength will hold out, or what day
my brain will succumb under the weight
of so great a burden." . \
From that time on it is a constant
round of hot, tropical weather varied by
frightful rains, fever, sickness and de
spair. The- only thought that Feems to
hold Dreyfus up is the idea that his men
tality must support life in his body until
he can finally clear his good name. Fi
nally he is put in irons, "as a measure
of precaution," and then he closes his
diary with this last entry:
"Thursday. September 10, 18f6.
I have finished my cooking for the day. This
morning I cut ray piece of meat in two; one
pio«-e In to boll, the other is for steak. To
cook the latter I have contrived a grill from
en eld r!ec» of sheet iron which I picked un
r.n the Island. For drink I have water. My food
is 111 prepared Jn old tin cans. I have nothing
with which to clean these properly and have no
plates. I must pull together all my courage
to live under such condition*, added to all my
mental tortures. Utterly exhausted. I am go
ing to stretch myself out on my bed.
Then follows his dlnry of that year on
this Devils Island, j The man's sufferings
with the heat and the vermin, the rattle
and change of the guards every two hours
so that sleep r is almost impossible, his
struggle for life against the bad food pro
vided, the prevention of all communica
tion with the outside world— these things
sound rather like a story from back cen
turies than the doings of a civilized na
tion only a few years ago. Here is a page
from his diary, April 20, 1895, 11 o'clock in
the morning:
At the beginning my rations were those of a
soMlor in the colonies, but without wine. I
had to do my own cooking, and in fact to do
everything myself.
By day I had the right to ko about In thnt
part of the island comprised b«tw»en the land
<n»r place in the little valley where the
lepers* camp had been, a treeless *na.e« of less
than half an acre. I was absolutely forbidden
to loave these limits. The moment I started
out I was accompanied by the guard, who wa«
not tp \ort sight of a elngle one of my move
ments. The guard was armed with a revolver;
later on a rifle and cartridge belt were added.
I wb« expressly forbidden to speak to any one
At night the outer door was closed Inside »n«1
out, so that every two hour^ at guird relief
there was an infernal clatter of keys and
ironwork.
The hut destined for my use -wan built of
Ftone and covered about neventeen square
yards. The windows were prated. The door
was of lattice work , with simple iron bars.
This dcor led to a little hallway six feet square,
the entrance to which was closed by a solid
wooden door. In the anteroom a guard wac
always on duty. These guards were relieved
every two hours; thev were not to lo«e sight of
me day or night. Five men were detailed to
that sorvlco.
On April 13 he Is taken to the lie du
Diable, a barren rock used previously for
the isolation of lepers. Here Is a descrip
tion of the measures 'adopted for his dis
posal: ' : * ;.~
He has no idea of his destination and
for food is given the regular convict's ra
tion In old preserve cans. After flfreen
days of this he arrives in the roadstead of
th«> lies du Saint on the 12th of March,
]?95, but is kept in his cell aboard ship for
four days in the tropical heat before he' is
landed and shut up In the prison estab
lishment of the lie Royale.
PYik ask«><l that they tie her hands behind h»r
back and let her approach and kiss nv». The
director gave a rough refusal. After the In
terview, which was from 2 to 3 o'clock. I was
FUddfnly told I must get ready fcr my de
parture, withcut either of us having- been
pr»vioiiRl.v Informed-
He Is taken on a launch to the transport
In the roadstead of Rochefort and
"The next day the Saint-Nazaire
w«»ie:hed anchor."
These letters, te'l be+for than the mo«t
eloquent pen of any of the -world's ereat
ost writers could the life of Dreyfus at
that lime, for they were written at the
moment and when the incidents were liv
ing- actualities.
At lfst he is allo-wed to pee his wife
with the director of the prison in the
middle of the room and guards in front of
the glass door outside. They are warned
that conversation on anything concerning
the trial is forbidden. Even this, however,
was easy compared to the long years
ahead in the solitude of Devils Island.
On the 21st of February he sees his wife
for the last time.
"And now I must remind you that be
fore you come h*»re you must provide
yourself with all the authorizations neces
sary to see me; do not forget to ask per
mission to kiss me."
Then fo!!ow«= Ms account of the trio to
the T'e de Re Pr'*on and tho unnecessary
pnd brutnt treatment that he received
there. The" letters between himself and
his wife afe pitiful in the extreme. All
of his rights have been tp.k«m away from
him and in his first letter he says:
: "I heard the howls of th«» deluded mob,"
he writes, "I felt the thrill which I knew
nMist he running through those people,
since they believed that before them was
a convicted traitor to France: and I
strvrreled to transmit to their hearts an
other thr'll— belief in my Innocence" To
b'j vife he write?: "Some time when we
are reunited" I will tell you what I hav>
suffered, to-day as I went through, one
after another, those Ignominious stations
of r*y degradation. Again -nnd ag<Jin T
•"•"n^ered to m;-«rif. 'Wh" aro you her»?
What are you « 3 n I r"r here?' I seemed to
myself to be the victim of a hallucina
tion. Then my tirn. r"«:h snored garments
would' bring me brutally bar>v to realitv.
The looks of hate and sco-n told "ie, only
too plainly, why T was th«re. Oh. why
oouV! not my h°art have la'<1 ot>«n
so that ill miKht have read it— so that aU
those poor people alone: my route w-mjM
have cried out. 'Th:'s is a rr>ar> of h^nor!'
• • • Hew well T understand the*n. In
their place T could not hav<» restra'ned
my contempt for an officer braided a
traitor to his oountrv. But. nias! h»re is
the p'tlful tragedy. There Is a traitor, but
it ?s not I!"
What were the emotions of the innocent
when the mob heaved forward in a mur
ucrous surge, crying, "Death to the trait
or! Kill him! Coward! Judas! Dirty
Jew!"
l'armee!' A sergeant of the Republican
Guard came up to me. He tore off rapid
ly buttons, trouser stripes, the signs of
my rank from cap and sleeves, and then
broke my sword across his knee. - I saw
all these material emblems of my honor
fall at my feet Then, my whole being
racked by a fearful paroxysm, but with
body erect and head hteh. I shouted again
and again to the soldiers and to the as
sembled crowd the cry of my soul: 'I am
innocent!' "
to my dear wife and my darling . chil
dren." . • . ' ,
Prom the description of the days that
followed in this hell hole when every
night he was chained to his bed by iron
foot bracelets and his days were spent
under the strictest and most persecuting
surveillance, and the sweltering tropic
sun, it is to be wondered how the man
ever managed to come out of . it alive.
He has written, this part in such a plain,
straightforward way that reading brings
appreciation, sympathy and conviction.
On the 5th of June, 1899, came the first
glimpse of sunshine he had seen for near
ly five years. He received notice of the
order to take him back to France and
finally reached there on the 1st of July
to see his wife, meet Maitre Demangc
and Mo Jtre Labori, and learn the chron
ology of the "Affaire." . Then followed
tho court-martial at Rennes and Dreyfus'
liberation. - -
Hh- book closes with the statement that
he published at that time:
"The Government of the republic gives
ire back my liberty. It is nothiner to nr»
without honor. Beginning with to-day I
Fha.ll unremittingly. Ftrfve for tha re
pam'ion of tb«> frightful judicial errpr of
w^'ch I am rt"r the victim:
"I wart p\1 France to know bv a. f.n^l
jndgine-nt that I ?m innocent. My h*>avt
will ne-<=r he s-itlsned while there is a
p'nele Fr^rohrnfoi who imputes to me
tbo nhr- finable crime which another com
mitted."
• (Published Hr M"Cli'r<\ Phillips & Co.,
New Ycrk. Price $150.) ..
B. G. LATHROP.
Indian Basketry.
"Tnd!* 1 " t) 3^^— ," hv Oeorge W^art^n
Taints rt pr>«--f*en^. Is a book which will
In all TirobabilUv Warn! long at the hpad
of ltn fiass. .At r*went *t ?s alone. The
author has go"«» into a field where none
cf the Kook T^r'tpr* have 'been, and tho«e
w*o follow will f*" 1 meager gleanings, not
only' by reason of Mr. James having gath
ered'his harvest «n thoroughly, bait from
the fa"t /hf»t the prt of basket mpkipg Is
one which is "xpiring arr^ng the Indians
themselves. Tt- was fortunately discov
ered by the collectors just In time to pre
serve the .lest gems of the art," which
would have soon sunk into the. unnoticed
past.
It should b« eTp'otneri In t^e beginning
that California Ind-an baskets are some
thins: more than mere baskets as baskets
are known to tr» eommTclal world. Thev
are pcipnc\ literature, legend and art all
woven into one.
A bnplcpt madf> by a California mMelli
Is full r>f irfan're. . "Every flbpr nf its
warp and woof was fathered with tender
solicitude- and painful care. The basket
itself tell? a storv. or is an emblem of a
religious id»n. Every shape and design
hns r>. significance, some of them, like the
world-known swastika, eld as the hills
andMmost as unknowable.
Baskets are_ made by other aborigines,
but they are merely containers, utilitarian
makeshifts to take the place of box or
bag, and are void of- meaning or artistic
purpose. , - ; . t
The baskets of u the California Indians
rre alonf enough to Rive their makers
lilgh rank in the ethnological scale, and
the much-repeated ; statement that the
California Indians wore the lowest of all
the American tribes will be hushed before
the evidence, recorded in "Indian Bas
ketry." ".. "
Comparing the Amerinds of East and
West. Mr. Wharton says:
California has long been known as the home
of particularly expert basket . wpavpni. Possi
bly the finest baskets ever madn with but two
or three exceptions, were th«> work of Gualalaa.
Yokuts or Pomas. T.ie fertile, well-woodrrt and
watered western slopes of the majestic Sierra
Nevadas were long the home of an aboriginal
people which In earjy days was so large as to
command the astonishment of travelers fami
liar with the populations of the cold forests
of the Atlantic States, or the vast sterile
wa«t«?s of the Interior of the continent.
Stephen Powers estimates that at the begin
ning of the century there must have been not
lew than 700,000 Indians in California alone.
Civilization has swept most of them away. Re
gardless of what the "carpet knights who wield
compiling pens" in comfortable Eastern or
Kuropean libraries say. we who hav« Btudlod
the Indian In his own home, have heard his
traditions of the origins of his races and the
stories of their decline, have seen the rapid
diminution of population In recent years, know
full well that it is sadly too true In most cases
that "Civilization bestows all of Its vices and
few if any of its virtues on the American In
dian." ' ¦
The California Indian was very different from
his warlike brother of the Atlantic Coast and
Great Inland Basin. He was the type of quiet,
contented, peaceful simplicity, i Not that he
never went to war. but he preferred to take
life easy, enjey his simple pleasures. Indulge In
his religious dances, destroy his enemies by
treacherous assassination rather than by open
warfare, and run away with a good-looking
girl whenfhe was too poor to purchase .her.
Of the vast and teeming population of this
ideal land, them are but scattered remnants.
It is a credit to California to have such
•a thorough work on a subject the import
ance of which will not be fully apparent
until the opportunity for compiling will
have passed forever. For there is but lit
tle popular interest in -aboriginal art,
which Is the fountain of all art, and the
author's work' must of necessity be a
labor of love. Long as Turkish and* Ori
ental rugs have been before the public, it
is only within the last year that a book
has been published which was devoted ex
clusively to Oriental weaving, although
thetrafllc in the goods must have amount
ed to millions of dollars each year, and
they are found in every household where
beauty Is held above gaudiness. Yet to
many, "the many," all rugs look alike:
• they are merely different kinds of carpet.
To those who know, an antique oriental
rug is something to be put in a glass case
or hung on the wall. There 1 is. the differ
ence between it and other rugs or carpets
that there is between true diamonds and
bits of polished or other glass. So there
is the same intrinsic beautiful value in a
genuine basket, and this book which so
fully records the basket weavers' art and
attainments may by stimulating interest
in the craft rescue It from fast coming
oblivion.
The book is dedicated to "Otis T. Mason
of the Smithsonian Institution, whose con
scientious labors reveal how large a debt
the world owes to aboriginal woman."
In support of this statement, among
other things Mr. James says:
Indian basketry Is almost entirely the work*k
of Indian women, therefore Its study neces
sarily leads us to the sanctum of feminine In
dian life. The thought of the > woman, the art
development, the acquirement of skill, the ap
.prcciation of color, the utilization of crude ma
tprial for her purposes, the labor of gathering
the materials, the objects she had In view in
the manufacture," the methods she followed to
attain, those objects, hfr failures, her" suc
cesses, her attempts to Imitate the striking; ob
jects of nature, with which she came In con
tact, the eBthetlc qualities of mind, that led
her to thus desire to imitate nature— all these
and a thousand . other things In ' the . Indian
woman's life are discoverable , In an intelligent •
study of the baskets they have woven in their'
camps.
One has but to study the history of all In
dustrial, as distinct from military occupations,
to see how honored a position woman hast won,
by her energy, Industry and wit. -.'
about which he Is himself most modest.
Then it is that it gradually dawns upon
the. dress-and-f unction-loving Mrs. Nash
that her husband Is' really a BOmebody,
and . not, merely "the husband of Mrs.
Nash." She has a hard time nursing him
through : a ¦ dangerous illness, \ but after
that his. stock with his. own family goes
up just about 800 per cent above par, and
the reader, man or woman, cannot help
being pleased. ' •
The story as told in dialogue is spark
llngly witty and epigrammatic.' It makes
excellent reading aloud. Mrs. Dodd knows
her France as well as she does human na
ture, and in this Instance the combination
is \ particularly j pleasing. . (Published by
Little. Brown & Co., Boston. Price $1.)
A Heart of Flame.
"A Heart of Flame.'* by Charles Flem
ing Embree, the author of "A Dream of a
Throne,'.'- is a story of old Santa Fe. The
one character that stands out above the
:rest is that of. Mathilde, the woman who,
for some reason not clearly explained but
darkly hinted, has sworn eternal war on
th<3 church. She has a personal grievance
¦against a. particular priest, Madret, and
eventually excites Patricio Borrego, a
man of Mexican blood, to the same fan
atical state of mind as herself.
The child of Patricio dies and his wife
sends for the priest against the. will and
without .the knowledge of Patricio. The
husband comes half crazed from a sick
bed and by mistake slays the bishop.
Patricio, his brother, Mathilde and her
Those fools of the male sex who sneer at the
"uselessness of woman" merely reveal ¦ their
supernal ignorance of what man owes to her in
the. industrial- arts •• and ., sciences. Her work
from the earliest ages has tended 'toward the
health, comfort, knowledge and culture of man
kind.;' She has not been merely the wife,' moth
er and' nurse of man, but his teacher In many
arts which he now haughtily claims as his own
"sphere." , : , " .' .. '
Compare the basketry of women with that of
men. | Go into any basket shop of the modern
civilized world and pick up the ugly and home
ly though useful objects called baskets, and
place them side by side with the savage wom
an's art and skill. Everylover of artistic form,
beautiful design and delicate color cannot fall
to be. struck with the , highest admiration at
the sight of the latter, while , the former, are
tolerated only for their usefulness. "
To the uninitiated, a fine Indian basket may
possess' a few .exterior attractions* • such as
shapely, form, [ delicate color | and harmonious
design, but anything further he cannot see. On
the other hand the ' initiated sees a work of
love, a' striving, after the Ideal,, a reverent pro
pitiation of supernatural powers, good or evil;
a nation's art expression,- a.people's inner life
of poetry and religion. . .' "; ; is " - ',
.Fine baskets, .to the older Indian women,
were their poetrj', painting and sculpture* and
the civilized world is just : learning: the first
lessons of the aboriginal melodies ¦ and har
monies In these wlckerwork masterpieces. But
in almost, every case the basket maker of to
day is dominated by a rude ¦' commercialism
rather' than by a desire to make a basket which
shall be the highest expression of* which she is
capable, of the art Instinct within her. Hence
the rage for old : baskets. ; A true collector
does not wish a basket which was made toi
sell. / And as tho old baskets were limited in
the Ladies' Home Journal. Incidentally
it Is rumored that Mr. Bok is the only
Journalist in the whole wide world who
always keeps his upper bureau drawers In
perfect order, all of which doubtless
comes from the rigid training of editing
the L. H. J. Anyway, it seems that Mr.
Bok 13 new in literary difficulty, for tho
American Press Company of Baltimore.
Md..has this to say:
"Edward W. Eok. the editor of the La
dles' Home Journal, has allowed that pe
riodical to perpetrate one of the most out
rageous plagiarisms that has ever dis
graced American Journalism. He an
nounced a series of articles under th»
general title of 'A Story of Beautiful
Woman,' claiming that these articles 'will
be the most wondrously fascinating ever
given In this magazine.' The first of the
series was *Tb<e Most Wonderful Romanes
In the Life of Any American Woman,' in
which was narrated the extraordinary ca
reer of Elizabeth Patterson of Baltimore,
who married Jerome Bonaparte, the
youngest brother of the Emperor Napo
leon. A diligent comparison shows that
most of the material of this article was
copied word for word, sentence for sen
tence and paragraph after paragraph
from 'The Life and Letters of Madame
Bonaparte.' written by Eugene L. Didier
of Bnltlmo-e. The boldness of this pla
priariFin will be better understood when it
is remembered that Mr. Didier's work Is
In most of the public and private libraries
of the United States."
Edxnnnd Vance Cooke. who contributes
to a recent number of Lippincott's Maga
zine, is better known aa a platform poet
than as a mngazinist. Thus in. a degree
at least he harks back to the spirit of the
minstrel, the minnesinger, the bard and
the .troubadour of the middle ages; or,
further yet. to the times when Homer
traveled and recited the deeds of Achilles.
Any man given to travel soon acquires tha
mark of It. which, though difficult to de
scribe. Is none the less apparent. Fur
thermore, most travelers are commercial
men, who nre wont to accost each, other
with ""What line do you carry?" ¦'..'¦'•...
During a recent Texas tour a drummer
dropped Into the neat beside Mr. Cooks
and asked. "What do you sell?;'
"Hot air." answered Mr. Cooke. In m
matter-of-fact manner.
"Huh! Hot air?"
"Yes."
"Gee, I hope you don't sell any in this
country. We want rain down here."
"Where do you reside?"
' "San Anton'."
"Well, I sold a couple of lota there."
"Who did you sell?" asked the drum
mer, characteristically, if ungrammat
ically.
"Franklin and Shaw," responded Mr.
Cooke, mentioning the names of the presi
dent and secretary of the San Antonio
Lyceum.
"Franklin and Shaw. Don't know 'em.
You don't mean Lawyer Franklin, do
you ?"
"Yes."
"^Vell. pardner, I can Bell a ton of coal
to a man that's lookln* for a load of Ice:
I can sell men's shoes to a woman milli
ner, and once I sold a man a barrel of salt
for confectioner's sugar, but if you can
sell 'hot air' to a lawyer you can go to tha
head of the class.'"
Everybody's Magazine for July contains
a series of capital articles and stories. Its
most important contributions is "Tha
Real Abdul Hamid," an astonishing and
powerful sketch of the Sultan of Turkey
founded on material gathered from mem
bers of the Young Turkish party, now
living in Paris. It is the first time this
depraved and cruel potentate has been
pictured in his true colors. In a second
essay on "Christian Science" Dr. Thom
son J. Hudson presents a new and most
ingenious theory to explain the alleged
miracles of the sect, and W. D. McCrack
an replies to his strictures. A fascinat
ing sketch of the Marquis de Mores Is
contributed by G. W. Ogden; Oscar King
Davis of the New York Sun writes In
"Sabe Hike" of the life of our soldiers
In the Philippines.
Much that is Interesting: wfll T><5 f oun<J
in Franklin Fyles' article, "Is There
a Dramatic Profession?"; "Legs," tho
story of a coyote.Ma one of the best of
Maximilian Foster's attractive animal
stories. In the way of popular science
there is a sensible article by Dr. H. W.
Wiley, head of the chemistry department
of the United States Agricultural Bu
reau, "What to Eat to Live Long."
Ludlow Brownell describes Professor
Milne's earthqnake laboratory on tlje Isle
of Wight, and F. F. Coleman In "Unfn
vented Inventions" tells of the oppor
tunities still open to the Inventor. In
"Photography as a Fine Art," Charles H.
Caffln writes of methods of Individual
expression as illustrated by the work of
the brilliant photographers. Frank Eu
gene and Joseph T. Kelly.
In the matter of fiction there are stories
by Booth Tarkington, Mrs. W. A. Leland.
Adachl Klnnosuke and William McLeod
Raine. Lloyd Miffln contributes a noblo
sonnet "An Evening Near Athens."
story. Professor Schwab treats fully the
financial legislation, the legal tender agi
tation, the Southern banks, Confederate
currency,' Southern prices, speculation,
trade and industries of the South, and the
Confederate and local taxation. (Price,
The Inheritors.
The three dimensions in space, as <?**?
one knows, are length, breadth and thlck
ness. The "fourth dimension" is a scien
tific fiction, which the learned have not
yet been able to establish in fact. Never
theless, undaunted by so trifling an ob
stacle, Joseph Conrad and Ford M. Huer
fer have written a clever and amusing
story entitled "The Inheritors," In which
they claim the heroine- to be an ' nhabl :
tant of the fourth dimension— and indeed
her remarkable actions do give color to
the possibility of an ultramundane origin.
The story is a fantasy, and deals with
political and Journalistic life In Parl3 and
London, and has to do with a gigantic
scheme to cheat the Inhabitants of Green
land out of their country and their homes.
The scheme, however, is happily frus
.trated. (Published by McClure, Phillips' &
Co. Price $1 50.) *
¦ . » • ¦
Literary Notes.
"We are to hear again of Sherlock
Holmes. t>r. Doyle is to write for the
Strand, beginning with the September
number, a novel of 50,000 words giving
more of the life of the great detective.
Of course he does not bring him " a f K
from the tragedy in the Alps where ne
met his death, but simply will give ad
venture? that happened prior to those re
corded <r. the recent book of "Sherloc<
Holmes." This will be a task worthv ©I
the good doctor's best effort?, for if he
writO3 not better t>-an h'* first book his
readers will cry "Too bad!"
Doubleday. Page & Co.'s "Persoral
Eliot" still grows. Volumes four and five
contain George Eliot's greatest if not the
greatest historical novel ever written.
Into "Romola" -more than any other she
put her life work, and the Cornhlll Maga
zine ' gave Jier J20.0CO for it-tbe largest
price that periodical ever paid for a se
rial. The personal features in thepresent
issue are particularly rich in illustrations
reproduced from photpgraphs. which the
publisher and the editor, Esther Wood,
have been put io much pain3 to secure.
McClure's Magazine for July (has the
most interesting account of ballooning
that has appeared for some time. It is
written in an entirely popular vein and
tells of the grpat balloon coursing tourna
ment at the Paris Exposition in October
of last year. The winner descended after
over thirty-five hours of flight, havin?
accomplished a voyage of over 1100 miles.
When you have read this paper you can
then better realize the charms and possi
bilities of aerial navigation. Even with
the comparatively simple form of airship
that was used by the' Frenchmen the pos
sibilities of travelirg in a desired direction
were demonstrated. According to the ac
count of these skilled talloonists. there Is
very little danger, and from the skill re
quired it is undoubtedly the finest sport
in the vorld.
The Bohemian (Bohemian Publishing
Company. Boston) for July la replete wfth
clever things by* clever people, and pre
sents a table of contents that will delight
the summer reader. It is an artistically
constructed magazine, and its score of
sparkling short stories and dainty verse
are well up to the standard as regards
originality and literary merit. It has for
a leader "At the Livington Stile." a fas
cinating short story written by Guy Mor
timer Carleton. "Letters Three." a bohe
mian sketch by ' Katherine J. Smith, and
"The de Bellco Smythe Trasredy." by Sal
arado, are also extremely interesting.
Other clever things are by Edward Car
penter, Harry Yette. John de. Loss Under
wood. Edward' Payson Jackson, Everit
Bogert Terhune. Anna E. Holden. Joe
Cone and Bertha Esterbrooke Goodier.
The July Century, which is to be a fic
tion number with stories by some of the
best known writers of the day. will con
tain nothing more thrilling than the ac
count of an actual escape from the Cha
teau de Joux just a century ago. from the
hitherto unprinted diary of a French roy
alist. "William Glrod, who was the chief
actor in the affair and whose son died re
cently in Brooklyn at the age of 85. Nor
will it contain anything more romantic
than "The True Story of Harman Blen
nerhassett." the highly cultivated young
Irish aristocrat, who came to this country
in 1796 and was induced to advance large
sums of money to aid Aaron Burr in his
treasonable schemes. This narrative, by
a collateral descendant, gives for the first
time the actual facts in the career of this
unfortunate man. who figures conspicu
ously in two of this summer's novels.
"*Even Flnce he finished "Evelyn Innes"
George Moore, the author of that much
talked about piece of realism. "Esther
Waters," has been working steadily and
with intense earnestness upon a new
story. This novel, with the title "Sister
Teresa," he completed a few weeks ago—
about the time he flung the dust of Eng
lish soil from* his shoes in revolt against
what he regards as the artificiality and
sordidness of London fashionable life and
betook himself to the peaceful delights of
Ireland. And now J. B. Lippincott & Co.
will publish the novel, giving It handsome
dress. Its title must inevitably recall to
readers of "Evelyn Innes." that unusual
story. Evelyn with her beauty, he: art.
her joy in the material pleasures of the
world, but with that strange compelling
impulse now and again to deny the flesh
utterly in the»repose of meditative life —
the same Evelyn, and yet not the same.,
is brought forward in "Sister Teresa."
Nor does her figure lose any of its allure
ments nor her emotions any of their vi
tality and sympathetic appeal in this new
chapter of her life. Mr. Moore's psycho
logical analysis was never as penetrating
and- delicate, so his publishers declare,
his power of expression so sustained and
his story as human as in "Sister Teresa."
Mr. Moore has said that this new book
he regards as the finest thins he has done,
the most satisfactory from an intellectual
point of view and the most satisfying to
his desire to picture life aa It is. The
book will be issued early in July.
In the World's Work for July J. D.
Whelpley writes of the relations of tho
United States with Canada. Sydney
Brooks of the strength of the French re
public, Booker. T. Washington of Hamp
ton's great work In negro education, ami
E. P. Tolman of a striking Industrial com
munity In England which he calls ,"a
trust for social betterment." Prof. Bailey
of Cornell tells of the revolution in farm
ing which the new teaching is making,
and Earl Mayo of the picturesque anil
practical "Good Roads" train. Senator
McLaurin gives a concise Interpretation of
the new industrial and political South, a
theme and writer of particular Interest at
this time. Some really wonderful photo
' graphs of tropical fishes made by A. Rad
cliffe Dugmore are reproduced, and there
are intimate sketches of President Cassatt
of the Pennsylvania Railroad and of Gov
ernor Odell's executive career.' Consider
able space is given to Wall street, apronoa
cf the recent boom, corner and panic. 8
A. Nelson describes the routine of Wall
street's machinery, Edwin Le Fevre tells
the story of James R. Keene's picturesque
career, and Arthur Goodrich of a stock
broker's day's work. The national move
ment toward an economical and regulated
preservation of forests is explained b":
Gifford Pinchot, the Chief of the United
States Forestry Bureau. Of the depart
ments, the March of Events consideis
among other topics the Supreme Court de
cision, church- creed revision, the labor
troubles, and the problems in Cuba China
and elsewhere which the month has
brought forth.
Edward W. Bok seems to have fallen
Into disfavor. Mr. Bok Is the editor of
• ¦•' '¦ ¦-...-•¦¦.¦. .--•••¦. -
THE SUNDAY 'OATil,.
4
WRITERS OF BOOKS
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
- Can Be Obtatnsd at
126 FOST STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices..
A. M. ROBERTSON.THE SUNDAY CALLr.
5
"Having a grass plat stretch the carpet
Smoothly over It, right side down, then
with, long, limber rattan switches whip
It sleaaily for an hour. After the whip
ping sweep the wrong side twice with a
,wet brocm, 'and 'finish by going all over
it with a cloth wrung out of ammonia
'rtiid water. "Fold one-half over upon the
otherafter the wiping; then take a very
fine, stiff, whisk broom and brush, all of
the right eide viBlble. Now tie. a double
handful of either wheat, bran or sawdust
Steam carpet cleaning is no mysterious
process, as many housewives mistakenly
saippose. The carpet cleaner is unques
tionably a booh, still all he does is to put
flirty floor coverings into a huge drum
with slatted sides and open bottom, which
steam revolves at a high rate, while arms
Inside the" drum beat and whip out the
dust, which* a blast of air carries away.
Thus it is plain steam-cleaning is only a
very perfect rnycf carpet-beating. In a
city house or apartment It is well to have
recourse to it. But if one has a back yard,
or even floor sbace big enough to spread a
carpet out; it can be cleaned at home even
better than abroad.
carpet back upon the other. Sweep
the exposed under side with a stiff broom
well dampened, fold again in half, and
-sweep the -under side. Repeat until the
whole carpet: is -in a handy pile, which
can be lifted in taking away. It is van
dalism of. the worst sort to drag out either
rugs or carpets. Take up the lining, one
breadth at a time, beginning at one end,
shaking and brushing free of dust, but
very gently, and rolling up the length as
it is cleaned.. Number the rolls consecu
tively/ so there will be no uncertainty
in refitting. •
'x'O take up a carpet properly, first
I s-^eep and wipe it, then remove every
|i tack and carefully fold one-half the
T0 CLEAN CARPETS AND RUGS
loosely in the middle of a double squar*
of cheesecloth, dip the swab thus formed,
in clean ammonia water, and rub the car
pet face hard with it until It is dirty.
Wash in plain water, men dip.agaln in
the ammonia water, and keep on rubbing
until all the surface is washed. Fold tho
carpet again, and wash the next quarter,
then turn over and clean thB- last quarter.
Hang to dry and air, taking pains to hang
it straight. The bran swab is an excellent
thing to clean a carpet upon the floor. If
the colors are dim and faded It may be
worth while to use prepared ax gall, a
tablespoonful to the gallon, in the water
in place of ammonia.
Brush rugs twice upon both sides, then
whip on both sides and brush again. Hans
them over a* line or on trestles, if there
is no grass plat handy nor a naked Coor
upon which .they may be spread. Do not
clutch them* hy a corner and shake like
mad. That fetches out some dirt, but not
all of it, and is also apt to fetch away
part of the rug fabric. With grass and
a sunny day, after brushing and beating,
spread the rugs perfectly smooth, then
sprinkle them lightly, one at a time, with
tepid water through a very fine hose or
atomizer, and wipe off with a soft, clean
cloth before the water has time to soak
in. If a rug is very dirty, lay It in the
sun, and shake clean hardwood sawdusc
thickly over it, let it lie six hours, then
sweep off with a stiff, clean broom, and
finish by going over.it with a towel wrung
out of hot'water and pinned tight/over tue
broom.
Rugs with white or very light grounds
may be cleaned by sprinkling with corn
starch mixed with one-sixth its. bulk of
prepared chalk. ¦ Let the starch remain
several hours and brush It out with a fine
whisk broom, then hang in the sun and
beat well before putting flown. This meth
od is recommended for fine, silky rugs,
as It injures neither tint nor texture and
makes a beautifully *clean surface.
The comedy must, for my purpose, be
reduced to a paragraph. You know how
fond the professional ventriloquist la of
talking up the chimney to an imaginary
man on the roof. Sothern had arranged
for his slavish confederate to mount ths
roof by a ladder and play the part of the
voice on the roof, whicn he did to perfec
tion, and Sothern's success ,as a ventril
oquist was voted nothing short of mar
velous Supper being over, the party ad
journed to another room, -at which point
Bothern said "good night" to hla . friend
above, at which cue it had been arranged
that the seance should be concluded.
Sothern had. however, plotted against hia
man, who, when he wished to descend,
found that the ladder was gone. By hook
cr by crook the deceived confederate
found his way to the chimney of - the
smoking-room, where the supper paity
were sitting down for a long evening.
Presently a voice was heard calling down
the chimney, "Sothern! Sothern! Fur
heaven's sake come *nd help me! I can't
get down, and It's raining like mad. 1 "
Sothern was taken aback for a moment,
but only to be in ecstasies the next at
the exclamation cf his friends, who con
sidered the voice only another example
of Sothern's skill. "You said you couM
do no more, your /voice was tired, and
here it is stronger than'^e'vert" Sothern.
accepting the compliments of hla friends,
managed in a short conversation with the
voice on the roof, to let his unhappy con
federate understand that as soon as pos
sible heVvould go out and help him dourn.
After a time, Just when Sothern wai
about to slip out and release his friend,
his host went to the chimney and. all the
more to emphasize Sothern's success, as
he thought, called out. "Are you still
there?'-' This was the last straw upon the
rain-drenched back of the sufferer. "Ch.
-o to blazes!" came the angry reply, and
with it a piece of mortar that rattled in
the grate, "you're a beast!"— From the
People.
pretended to have accidentally di3
roveVed that he possessed the gift of the
born ventriloquist, and arranged an ex
periment on the occasion of a supper
party given his honor at a pleasant
house in a London suburb. There was
a foolish kind of hanper-on of Sothero's.
who loved to boast of his Intimacy with
the famous comedian. He had often saM,
"I wish you would let me help you in one
of your practical jokes. Mr. Sothern."
Sothern humored his desire. Mr. Ed?ar
Pemberton' tells the story In his Memoir
of Sothern.
ONE of the peculiarities of Sothern's
elaborated jokes wa3 the way in
which he worked up to them. Ha
SOTHERN AND
HIS JOKES.
Deafness Is another ailment which haa
tills curious property of adding years to
the victim's life. Now and again a deaf
man is run over In the streets of cities.
But when deaf people prudently pitch
their tent in the country they live, as a
rule, to a very old age. Probably the
true explanation of this fact is that deaf
ness eaves us from a lot of worry. The
Bhrill noises to which most people are in
fiensible, because they have got used to
them, are really very injurious.. Barking
dogs, crowing cocks, shouting paper sell
ers, whistling boys, rattling carts,^ etc.,
exert a seriously injurious influence on
one's health, The ear nerve is a very
large one, and every time it Is over?
stimulated the brain receives an injurious
shock. Deaf people escape all these life
fchorteners and hence they live long.
A weak heart does not often prolong
life, but there are cases on record where
it has done so. A weak- heart is cer
tainly more conducive to length of days
than an exceedingly strong one, for the
latter throws" too much work on the other
organs and wears them out before their
time. It Is the same with the stomach.
Dyspepsia, provided It Is of a mild form,
serves to keep death away. Most cen
tenarians have been very moderate eat
ers.
death. That is not so at all. The cough-
Ing helps the heart to circulate the blood,
and, in fact, gives exercise to all the or
gans. But for' this daily exercise many
old people's bodily mechanism would get
fatally clogged. Besides, a mart with
bronchitis is very careful of himself. Ho
will not isit in draughts, he will avoM
getting drenched, he will not be out late
at night and lose a good part of hlB sleep.
And thus he more than compensates for
the injury done by his ailment;*'
. It would scarcely be supposed that bron
chitls would add i£> one's days. Very
often it shortens them considerably, but
in other cases it has quite the opposite
effect, A. very large ncsiber of the old
people you meet cough all the year round
with ehremie bronchitis. You would
think, when listening to them, that they
mutt vwy quickly cough, themselves to
t appears that by banishing smallpox
we have lost a splendid life preserver. In
a census of aged people taken many years
ego it was found that a very large num
ber were pockmarked. This led a doctor
to make a calculation, which proved that
there were twice as many pock-marked
people over M years old as there would
have been unless the smallpox exercised
a preservative effect on life.' He ac
counted for this curious fact by conclud
ing that the smallpox microbe frightened
away all other microbes. Just as rats
frighten away mice from a house.
Rheumatic people, for instance, rare
ly die young. How this disease wards oft
death is not known. It is probable, how
ever, that the blood acquires some prop
erty which Is fatal to the germs of other
diseases.
Gout Is a malady which also lengthens
one's days. Sometimes It goes to the heart
and proves fataL But If It can be kept to
the big toe the patient may feel pretty
confident that he will live till his ninetieth
birthday, or perhaps his hundredth birth
day. The. explanation of this fact, put for
ward by a medical scientist, is that the
<out'frees the blood from poisonous mat
ter.
DISEASES THAT ARE HELPFUL
IT appears, from the latest medical dis
covery, that several diseases prolong,
Instead of shorten, life.
OCIETY'S newest fad is the photo
y-^. sketch — so it has been named by
Y^ Its originator. The photo sketch
K«y is the latest, most novel develcp
4. ment of artistic photography. It
can scarcely be called a photograph. It
is rather a portrait made by a. combina
tion of t'ae camera and the brush.
The woman who sits for her photo
sketch obtains an absolute likeness of
herself. And yet she beholds herself not
as she Is, but as she longs to be. All the
Idealism of the artist has been blended"
with the matter of fact lens. She may
pose In the plainest of govras, yet in the
photo sketch appear in the most bewitch
ing' of costumes.
In the photo sketch a platinum print is
made of the head of the subject from the
negative. So far it Is photography pure
and simple. The likeness Is absolute.
Then the brush of the artist comes into
play. "With it he fashions for my lady
the gown she most desires, or in which
his taste and judgment tell him she will
appear to most advantage. With It he
gives her . the figure she would have had
had nature been most kind. Sometimes"
he may sketch from life, in order the bet
ter to catch the personality of his subject.
or when my lady has a gown In which she
particularly desires to be seen. More often
6he simply describes one which suits her
taste or leaves the matter entirely to the
artist's fancy.
The figure Is generally purely ideal. Al
ways it is idealized. And yet the likeness
Is unmistakable. No one can deny it is
xny lady's portrait
The woman with a perfect figure is sel
iom found in nature. For such a one.
however, the negative is reproduced in
full, and sufficient outline of the body is
left to guide the artist. All undesired
parts of the photograph are faded from
the print before the brush work begins,
eo that no shadow of the portrait appears
beneath It. This Is accomplished by a
mechanical process known only to its dis
coverer. What It is the earnest amateur
may find out by experiment. It Is a nut
he must crack before he may become a
photo-sketcher.
Not a photographer In a hundred could
become one even then. He must also be
en artist and a master of his art. The
platinum prints are easy of production.
The drawing is the important and difficult
part of this new departure in photog
raphy. It is never reproduced. Its beau
tiful, eketchy effect jvould be lost in the
process. Every copy must be done by
hand and each, except in the face, may
be entirely different from the others. The
beautiful photo sketches reproduced on
this page are the work of Marion of New
York.
PHOTO SKETCH
THE LATEST.
WHAT CAN
BE DONE
WITH A
BRUSH AND A
CAMERAFor Theresa had learned that love Is
akin to pity, and joy is often to be found
in sadness.
"Dick." she said pleadingly, "don't—
don't you understand? I — I — oh. but don't
you understand?" She touched the scar
red cheeks with her lips.
Dick did understand, and so did Walter
when he came back to the room.
But she took no heed. A sudden ex
citement had seized her. "Well, tt's not
true now. Dick: it's not true now."
She sank beside him and he put out
his hands, and toudhed the tears on tha
woman's cheeks.
• The blind man raised his head. But ho
could not see the tears in the eyes, tha
agony in the face. -**'*•
"What Is it?" he asked.
. She came close to him. "You — you re
member what I told you In the bowery at
Maitland Hall in— in the summer."
"Don't, Miss Fairbank!" the, man cried
In distress.
"Ah," she said quietly, "everybody has
been so good to you. I've been very wick
ed to you. I— I'm afraid you must think
me a callous and— and heartless woman
for— for "
He took her hand and found It cold.
"I'm— I'm awfully sorry, Mr.— Mr.— '•
She hesitated for a moment. "Dick, I'm
awfully sorry," «he said.
something about his misfortune, but dl4
not know how to.
Walter Fairbank went off to look at tha
horses. x
The girl stood before the blind man. He
was smiling quietly. The tears flooded her
eyes and a great yearning took possession
of her.
"Are you— you there. Miss Fairbanks
Dick asked. \
"Yes."
"Where?" . • -
"Here." She went to him and rested
her hand upon h!s shoulder.
Towards dusk her brother came home,
his face lined 'with pain as though he had
suddenly grown old. ,.;~
All day she wandered " disconsolately.
EVery servant whir came back from the
farm she questioned. She wanted to run
over herself, but her brother had f<vbid
den it. She" hated the sun because it was
shining so brightly, she thought the birds
were cruel for chirruping in the trees.
.Theresa knelt by the. couch and wept.
She didn't know why she wept. .Perhaps
it was only the pity in her heart. She
had never cared for Richard Sparling, but
for him to die like this— it was terrible."
She watched them go with aching heart;
she sent her maid 6ver to find out some
news, but the answer she brought was
that the poor gentleman^ was dying.
She did not plead further. Some of the
men . servants went back with Walter to
the farm.- ' .'•!¦ .; ¦...'¦ ' ." -,>¦ ¦ . ¦ * ¦ ..; "> ¦
-¦ "No, no," said the man, "the sight is
awful. His poor hands, his poor face — oh,
my dear 'Dick! That , gun couldn't have
been properly cleaned. The thing jammed,
and at the first shot it burst. Now get
me those things, and I'm off back. No,
no, I tell you, you mustn't come!, _ You
wculd be no good;'. they wouldn't let you
Into the room." ,
"Oh, but, Walter, I could tell how— how
dreadfully sorry I am." -
VYau.. could- tell- him nothing; -he's un
conscious." ( i "<
, Unable to speak, unable to decide what
to do, Theresa stood with blanched, plain
tive countenance..
"Can— can I," she said with tearful
voice, "can I go to him?"
All through the service she was like one
dazed. . She found herself in a reverie
thinking of "a time when she used to
search the ditches by the meadows for
rare weeds. But during the special prayer
prayer of the old vicar. she pulled down
her veil. The tears were running too fast.
It was then that she turn«d to look
through the mist at Dick Sparling.
It wasn't like the face she had once
known. It was horrible, and the closed
«*j-C3 were hid behind dim glasses. The
Sli<? was aware of her brother opening
the pew door, aware of a trembling, weak
figure being led into a seat by her side.
She dared not turn her bead to look, but
she put out her hand and took that of the
stricken man. She tried to say something,
but words would not come. The man's
hand was shaking.. .
She kept her eyes on the ground.
There was a slight commotion at the
church door. Everybody turned to look
and there was whispering.
Sh«- muttered a soft '"Yes" and on the
Sunday they drove to Thirwell. She had
often been In the quaint, stunt-towered
church before, but she felt a swelling at
her bosom and her breath came quick as
she walked to the Sparlmg pew alone, for
Walter had gone to meet his, friend. She
knew all the villagers were looking at her,
but she cared not for their looks. *
She was. afraid, however, they would
hear the beating- of her heart.
For Theresa had learned that Sove is akin to pity.
"poor Dick is bearing It wonderfully well.
This mcrnlng he was quite cheery and
actually laughed. And on Sunday there
is to be a service of thanksgiving in the
little village church that his life was not
lost. Will you go?"
She was in a soft white morning gown
that set off her sweet beauty. She wij>hod
them both good sport during the day, gave'
an eye to their accouterments, and, stand
ing at the hall door, waved them a merry
adieu. , ...''•
"Thessy's jovial ' this morning," said
Walter, as they walked down the aveuue
.with guns across their shoulders. 1 ¦}¦.,
In the morning, at breakfast table, The
resa was radiant. The. natural estrange
ment that had sprung up after her rejec
tion of Richard. Sparling had fled. She
chattered gaily and the two men laughed.
"Well, you can "use one of the guns
here. Come over to breakfast and .then
we can get out early.".
"Oh, but my guns are not in condition."
"And I'm glad of it, old man," said
Walter, reaching forward - for another
cigar, "for my mind is now at rest. What
are you doing to-morrow? - Why 'not. let
us have some shooting together?"
"You see,". '. said Walker, "It was „ a
beastly shame and I told her so to her
face. You'd have been a dial too good
for her, old chap, though she, is my tla
ter." . 4 •..: -: , v .. •¦
4 "Well, anyway," said Sparling, leaning
forward toward the fire, with his elbows
on his knees, "It's all over now. .It's
best; as it is. She did the wise thing. If
I had truly loved her I "would probably
be loving her now. But I don't and that
Is why .I'm able to come here.. I esteem
her and that is about all." ' .'.. ¦'. .
There was a silence for a couple of :mln
: u.es. : , . . " ¦.¦¦¦-¦¦ .. - . ' . . - *¦
The other laughed awkwardly.
no searching or meafiow sides for .rartf
' weeds. . »
"Dick," said the squire one n!ght as the
two men were sitting in the little apart
ment over the stables . that served the
joint purpose .' of study and gunroom.
"I'm awfully glad things are as they used
to be." ,•¦ ¦
Sparling gave his friend a questioning
."lance.
"I mean," added Walter, "you've got
over that -little knock about my sister. •
"If his meeting me is so troublesome he
should take a tour abroad.'"' I never asked
him for his love, and I suppose I can de
cline the honor of its acceptance If '•' I
like." She leaned forward in the saddle
and gently patted the neck of her roan
mare. : ; .v:';'." ,-
Squire Fairbank attempted to chat gaily
for a* few minutes. But all the time he
was filled with hot anger. He understood
his friend's discomfort and was irritated
at the sudden haughtiness of Theresa. "
When Dick Sparling had" ridden on he
turned almost savagely.
"Couldn't you see, Dick's discomfort ?'*
he asked. \ ; S£ *-.",..
The man was flurried and frightened;
the woman bowed to him' coldly and re
mained sedate. ¦''•-.'¦¦' ¦;,..'•
Within a^week, as she and- Walter were
taking horse exercise down Thirwell road,
they encountered Sparling.
Thirwell was but some four miles from
Maitland Hall. Indeed the two estates
joined. It was impossible therefore that
long time could pass before Theresa met
her rejected lover. V
Fairbank was for some days openly an
noyed at the conduct of his sister. Tak
ing a personal interest in his estates, he
had a mixture of scorn- and mirth for
Theresa's affectations of culture.' He
knew her to be just what she was, pretty
and vain; not heartless or insincere, but,
with the unthinking buoyancy of young
womanhood, taking the world to be her
playground.
She had neve.- loved him. Indeed she
cared a good deal less for him than many
another man she knew in the south coun
try. She was amused at his amiable fol
lowing of her into the mysteries of
Browning, which she didn't understand.
His docile obedience, his unhidden admir
ation, pleased her. Had she been other
than a light-hearted, frivolous girl' she
would have seen the personal advantages
of becoming the mistress of Thirwell.
But these had no weight with her. She
had her triumph .in the knowledge that
she had brought the richest man in the
shire to ji protestation. Thoughtless anJ
merry, it never entered her mind that her
amusement might be the cause of pain.
the same age as Waiter, a kind-hearted,
sincere country gentleman who knew,
though nothing had been said, that for
him to marry Theresa would bring joy
into the heart of his chum. And so he
had loved and Theresa had coquetted, and
then suddenly, this afternoon, matters
had been brought to a climax.
stant v/inning smile, her tall graceful car
riage, had set aglow the heart of many a
man.
Yet she was an arrant flirt. Not that
she exchanged sweet sighs with would
be lovers, but she delighted in her powers
of fascination. To have a hoet of admir
ers, to feel that her wish was their law,
to see the love in their, eyes which she
was careful should never have an oppor
tunity of being spoken, and yet caring
not one jot for any of them, -such was
the desire of Theresa Fairbank. the sister
of the young Squire of Maitland Hall.
Her great conquest 'had been Richard
Sparling of Thlrwell, the life-long friend
of her brother. Sparling was rich, about
violently in love with you?"
"I didn't." •
"And you've refused him."
"I have, for I don't love him. I don't
like little men. and Mr. Sparling is a little
man."
"That's because you yourself are so
tall." :
There was silence for some moments.
Then the brother spoke again: "Look
here, Thessy, don't be an idiot. Sparlings
a very decent chap. Besides, he's just
about six times as well off as we are.
Thlrwell is a lovely place: he's got a nice
town house; you would have everything
a woman can desire, and yoVi'd search a
mighty long time before you'd get so in
dulgent a husband."
"You're his friend. Walter." said The
resa, suggestively, looking up for the first
time.
"I am, and when I saw what was hap
pening I was glad. Now do be sensible.
If I were asked to pick you a husband I
would pick you Dick Sparling."
"But you're not asked. And when
there's any picking to be done, I'll do it
myself."
"Then a'.l I can say is you're a heart
less flirt. You've flirted with Dick abom
inably."
Theresa laughed softly- "Oh. do finish,
Mr. Crcssbones." she said, "and don't lec
ture. Mr. Sparling will no doubt soon re
cover from his— his infatuation, and then
we will all be friends' again."
"You make a mistake if you think Dick
that sort of man. I'm sorry for him, and
I'm ashamed of you." .
Then he went out and left the girl In
the room alone.
As soon as she heard Walter whistle
for his deg, which indicated he was off
for a walk, Theresa threw aside her bon
net and. leaning back in the big yielding
.chair, laughed merrily.
No man could ever look upon her with
out being captivated. The soft, warm
tinted skin, telling of constant life in the
country: the full, - inviting lips; the soft
and yet often kindling eyes, the mass of
black hair, her ingenuousness, her con- 1
By John foster fraser.
?T said Walter as the girl
{ \ came into the drawing-room.
I 1 What's up?"
JL J "Mr. Sparling!"'
"Of ccurse, I saw ycu both under
the rose bower— spooning!"
"You saw nothing of the kind."
She stood by the window with the warm
afternoon light flooding abcut her head
and shoulders, a beautiful young woman
In a bright summer garb. There was a
deeper touch of color in her cheek than
usual. She was agitated, the breath v.-as
passing quickly between the bright red
lips, and the rise and fall of the diaphan
ous lace resting on her bosom Indicated
excitement. >_
Her brother twisted round on the couch.
where he had been yawning through a
novel. "What's up?" he repeated.
"Mr.— Mr. Sparling has just proposed to
me. and I have told him it can never be."
"You've rejected him!"
She nodded her head.
Walter crossed the dca wing-room, a
burJy. ruddy cheeked Saxon, and stared in
the face of his lovely sister.
"Tbessy." he said, "you're an awful
ass."
"I knew you would say that," replied
the woman.
"Any girl would Jump at a man like
Eparling."
"Well. I haven't," and she commenced
to pick the leaves from a butch of blown
rose«i and place them in a Jar.
The room was partly darkened to keep
out the rays of the sun. But through the
French windows that opened upon the
lawn, where the buzz of bees could be
heard among the flowers that skirted the
paths, then* came long beams of light that
fell about Theresa Fairbank as though
they sought to glorify her loveliness.
Walter pitched his novel away, and
looked curiously at the girl as she bent
over the bowl of roses.
"You know Dick Sparling is a particu
lar friend of mine." he said with the
faintest touch of anger in his voice.
"I know." said the eirl.
"Then why on earth did you encourage
i"l never encouraged him." »~
"Fudge! Nobody wilh half an eye could
have mistaken what Sparling was after;
you, least of all, with your talks together
about Browning and ethics, and your
searching together for rare British weeds
— as though Sparling cared a. rap for those
things."
"Then I misunderstood Mr. Sparling."
"Not you; no girl could. Do you mean
to say you didn't know all along Dick was
¦
"Do give over" talking in that stilted
way. Dick's far too sensible to run away,
and— and look here, Theresa, you'll live to
rue the day. that you refused him."
"'Pray don't try coercion."
"I won't. It's not for me to force you
to marry a man whom you don't love,
but it is for me to remonstrate against
ycur putting my dearest friend into a
position* almost ridiculous." The horses
broke into a canter. "And— and I'm going
to have Dick at. the hall as much as be
fore—if he'll come."
"If he'll come," repeated the girl. .
"Oh I— I daresay his affection will— will
smolder away pretty quick— quick enough,
when he sees how worth— worthless is the
person on whom he bestowed— stowed It."
• Theresa tossed her head and deigned
no notice.
And it was as young Squire Fairbank
foretold. The friendship of the two men
was not interrupted by the coquetry of
the sister, fe At first Sparling hesitated
running the risks of meeting her. But
as Sparling's love waned, for he saw it
had been but a flitting fancy nurtured by
his esteem for the girl's brother, so Ther
esa's chilliness softened,' and ere the
(mtumn winds shook free the russet
liaves something like friendship was re-,
established, though there were no more
Jnaidenly vilssertatlons on Browning, no
effected signing for the • higher culture.
face was pal« and stern, but there wai U9
sign, save that the thin lips occaslonaUr.
quivered.
She followed Dick and her brother from
the church.
"Where— where Is Miss Fairbank?" tot
man asked with a tremor in his voica.
"Here." said Theresa, placing her hand
on his arm.
"Ah. yes, forgive me. But we'll »3
three go up to the Hall and have lunch.
Yes, yes. Watt, I can walk; really I'm
4juite strong enough to walk it— it M1«J
Fairbank will give me her arm as well.
They sauntered up the village street ta
the gaunt Elizabethan' mansion, in whlcb
the Sparlings had long lived. Dick WU
-merry; the others- had hearts too full ta
eay much.
"What a helpless old cripple I am, am
I not," said Dick apologetically when hi»
foot hit against a stone. "But It's not ••
bad as you might — might "
He stopped, for he instinctively felt th«
man and the woman by his side wer»
pained.
They walked across the lawn, with lt»
cold, damp grass, and slowly climbed th«
old stone steps. _ .
Once in the drawing room Dick Sparllnx
sank back with exhaustion.
"It's nothing, nothing," he »aid. "Oh,
I'm getting all right amazingly quick. And
how have you been. Miss Fairbank?"
"I've — I've been very well, thank yoa.' #
It was a commonplace answer, but sha
could not find another. She wanted to say;
He sank down into the nearest chair,
and, covering his face with ' nis hamls,
sobbed bitterly.
• "He's not— not dead, but it's — it's uwful.
That gun of mine I lent him, it — it explod
ed. We— we've carried him to the— to the
farm, j Gray has ridden off for a doctor,
and I want handkerchiefs and lint and— oh
my poor pal, Dick!"
.Walter was pale with excitement.
"Dick," he gasped, "has been— been rhot."
s Theresa uttered a- scream, and held to
the table for support.
"Mercy!" she exclaimed, "what is it?"
Many minutes she stood musing, and
then suddenly she saw her brother run
ning breathlessly and excitedly up the
drive.-
His' cap was off; he had no. gun with
him.
She hastened Into the hall.
She rose from the piano. and, going to
the window, looked out upon the glowing
scene of autumn. The plantation, away
over by the home farm, was a mass of
gorgeous tints and burnished gold, but In
a few weeks there would be nothing but a
dark array of bare trees. She thought of
this with a sigh, for she loved the sum
mer and the autumn, the songs of the
birds and the breath of the flowers.
Neither her brother nor his, friend would
be back for some hours. She had all the
morning to herself, to play her music, to
spend an hour in the conservatory among:
the flowers, to look into the kitchen and
see the husekeeper. , ¦
Theresa watched, the men out, of sight.
Then, humming- an air, she went to the
drawing-room ¦ and played some .of her
favorite Chopin. She was free hearted
this bright, keen-aired autumn day.
Everything in the world was so pleasant
that she sang for Joy* of heart. ¦ - \ .
"Tes," muttered Dick, and he offered hu.
friend a. cigarette. , ..¦'•'
ly he gained strength, but there was no
hope he would ever see again. That v^aa
beyond hope.
"Thessy," said Walter one afternoon,
-Waiter. Walter." she beseeched., "is he
«*t)lngr to die?" *--'." . ...
"No," he said sadly, "the doctors don t
, nlnk he'll die. but It will be worse than
5eath. far worse. His face Is all torn and
—and. Theesy, he'll never see any more.
•'Blind 1" ,
Her brother nodded. He forced bacK a
sob, and the girl came to him and nestled
close to his side. He did not quite appre
ciate her presence, but he stroked her wet
cheeks with his hand.
At last he raised his head and looked at
her. • •
"Thessy," he said, "Dick will be no good
now. He'll be a cripple, his face will bo
seared and scarred, he'll have to crawl
through life a blind man. Now. now. don t
you take it so hardly.- Think, you might
have been his-hls wife! Then It would
have been terrible. But you've been saved
that agony, Thessy. How much worse. It
would be were you married to him! It
would have killed him with sorrow. I
didn't think so at the time, but It's well
you didn't marry him. Now, now, don't
cry, the doctors say there is practically no
fear of him dying, only that he'll— he'll be
—be—"
"Always blind," said Theresa, her dis
tress shaking her with Its Intensity.
The next day she went over to the farm.
But neither the nurses nor the medical
men would permit her to see the patient.
Others went with stealthy step In and out
of the room, but she was prohibited.
Walter marveled at the great pity there
was in the heart of his sister.
He was racked with pain, thinking of
the sad fat© of his friend. Day by day
he saw his sister grow paler and more
wan. She ceased to be the "? frolicsome,
venturous girl, ever rippling with merri
ment, and became a demure, anxious
woman.
She rarely spoke about the blind man,
but her brother could see the disaster had
left its mark.
And so the weeks slowly dragged along
and Richard Sparling was taken from the
farm to his own house at Thlrwell. Slow-
6
the;sundat; cally
He tank down into the nearest chair
(Copyright in the United Slates ol America
fcy D. T. Pierce.)
THE TRNASFORMATION
OF THERESATHE^SUNDAY, CALL., ,_ r . . , * „ ,- : -". ..,
71HE SUNDAY CALL:
8"as moonlight unto sunlight and as water
ui.-to wine," or did she mean that love "Is
to man a thing apart"? I asked her.
"The idea." she reiterated: "as if wo
men didn't do all the loving there is don*
in this world!"
"Ah!" »
"Perhaps I shouldn't say quite all," ah*
added. "Of course, there do exist a few,
a very few noble men- who are capable of
great love and great sacrifice for a wo
man because they are truly noble and
could under no circumstances be anything
else. But they are so rare that they are
hardly worth considering In laying down
general laws. They are only the excep
tion that has to be to prove the rule.
"But as for women— they love to love.
They will give their lives to men who
don't care for them more than for a doff.
I believe they even love to be abused by
the object of their adoration. A woman's
life Is all sacrifice, all devotion to the man
whom she loves. She will let herself b*
walked over. There is no limit to what
she will suffer for the man of her choice."
"Have you ever seen perfect love — mu
tually perfect love?"
"Yes; and it was the most beautiful
thing in the world-^but it didn't last. Per
fect things never do. While two peopla
are loving each other they are living ab
solutely perfect iives for the time. But
it's no use for a woman to expect it to
continue. A man doesn't know the mean
ing of the word love in an absolute and
lasting sense. He isn't capable of th«
sacrifice which love involves.
"I sometimes think that women ar»
happier being unhappy in love than they
would be if it were all smooth sailing. A
woman enjoys suffering.
"The reason that she does so much
more of it than a man is that love Is her
business in life. Men live broader lives
and the perspective is changed accord
ingly."
"I think I've got that down In good or
der," I said, making a last note as sha
snapped the elastic of her hat. "Good
by."
\ "Oh, you're not going to print all I
said!" She was running after me.
"Now, Miss Bates"
Nurses' Home Decides for
Women.
"Oh, well, go ahead. I'll stand for any
thing I've said if you'll only be sure to
emphasize that I say woman is THE!
GREATER!"
And I promised.
Miss Walford of St. Luke's Hospital
Nur«es know in the same way that doc
tors do. Perhaps they know. better, being
women. Take the intuition of their sex
and combine it with their opportunities
for studying human nature and they
ought to have learned.
Miss Walford struck me as so gentle In
manner that I was all the time surprised
at the keen way she showed of looking
things through.
"Do you find that men are devoted to
their wives through sickness?" I asked
her.
• very much so. Nearly all men are.
Their sense of duty is very strong."
"Ah! That's another point. The ques
tion really is. Do men love as well as
women? Duty Isn't love."
"No, and therein lies a big difference
that I have noted. I don't think women
sacrifice themselves for a man, devota
themselves to him in sickness, unless they
love him. On the other hand, a man will
devote himself to a woman through his
•sense of duty, even though love doesn't
enter in. I have one in mind now. Ha
nursed his wife with the tenderest car*
through a long sickness. He spared no
expense in doing all for her that could be.
done, although he could ill afford it. and
all the time I don't think he cared a pin
about her. A woman in the same cir
cumstances would not have done that.*
She must love a man to be good to him."
"And do women love less than men?"
"I don't think so. I don't think they
love as hard, although I have seen soms
that were volcanoes; but as a rule th«
man is the one who feels the more intense
passion.
"A woman Iove3 longer, though. Sh»
has the stability, man the intensity."
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall of the Red
Cross Society and the California
N Club Thinks Men Are Bet
ter Than They Are-
Believed to Be.
Mrs. Cornwall insisted that she didn't
know anything about the affections.
Her looks belied her.
"I know a great deal about men,
though," she said. "A great deal mor«
than I do about women. For although
I'm a club woman. I have had more deal
ings with men than with my own sex.
The Red Cross has taught me a lot"
"What has It taught ycu about men la
their affections?" I coaxed, but she was
not to be trapped.
"I don't know anything about their af
fections," she persisted, "but a great deal
about their character. ' They ar« better
than they are half believed to be. I Hk*
men."
"Do yon find their affections more last
ing than those of women?"
"That I don't know. I don't know any
thing about the versus of the matter. I
only know what men are. They are tre
mendously stable. They are loyal
friends."
"llore than women?**
"I can't say."
"Are they Intense In fettling?"
"They are not emotional, but they ar«
stable, reliable."
"Are women emotional?"
"Very emotional. That much I know.
Our emotions must be played upon all
the time to keep us amused. We must
be diverted with something new."
"And we need new playthings for our
affections?"
"No, no, I don't believe that. I admire
and respect women. I am a club woman,
myself. All I say Is that I don't know
so much about them as I do about men.
What I know of them i3 nearly all good."
Men stable but not emotional; women
emotional but not— no. she didn't say that.
However, she has laid down laws that axe
general and ought to apply specifically to
the affections. Why not?
If men are stable, -reliable by nature,
they must be lasting and true In their
affections. If they are not emotional,
they cannot be intense. If women ara
emotional in a vacillating way, why not
the same in love affairs?
But remember, Mrs. Cornwall did not
draw any of these conclusions. These ar»
the reader's. She was characterizing far
more generally.
For she says fiat she doesn't know any
thing about the affections — that big
hearted woman who has slaved In ths
slavery, of the Red Cross labors, carrying
a big share of the brunt of the work for ;
three years past. She calls her work a.
fad; she 6ays that she is like ail wom«%
in need of diversion.
I know betjer.
phere of eminence, which atmosphere is
known by such barometrical indications
as a capped and aproned attendant, a long
wait, much solemnity about being admit
ted to the presence and a great deal of big
carved furniture when you get there.
and weighed deliberately.
Dr. McNutt received the problem as he
might receive a puzzling case of apppn
dicitis. It was to be considered seriously
"This is *" very interesting and very
deep," he launched out slowly. "It is a
question to require much time . and
thought." .
"But try something offhand." I urged.
"It's the kind of a subject, too, that one
knows almost as" much about offhand as
after study."
"But it involves too many conditions to
be treated in a hurry," he insisted.
"In sickness, what do you see?" I hur
ried on. "Is a man more faithful to a
suffering wife than she to him?"
"The doctor pondered. The doctor dis
cussed, more with himself than with me.
And he finally came to the conclusion
that it is all a matter of the tempera
ment of the individual, and that, speaking
generally, the matter is nip and tuck.
"I have seen sickness bring out all the
worst traits in both men and women," he
said. .."I have seen those husbands and
wives who have been loving enough in the
smooth waters of life shew gross neglect
and disloyalty when the life. partner was
suffering and ill.
"And I have seen just the opposite. I
have seen times of distress bring out the
most beautiful qualities of tenderness and
loyalty. I have seen big, rough husbands
turn nurse and take care of a sick wife
with a tenderness that only true love
could have taught them. And as for
wives — 'Oh, woman! in our hours of
ease ' "
He was caught there, and I hastened to
rescue him, for I saw that the dear old
doctor had warmed to a very pretty sen
timentality of the old school, and his
mood had its charm.
"Yes — "a ministering angel thou," " he
repeated.
"There's another point about ill health,"
he went on. "Love, as I have said, some
times weakens when the object of the love
Is ill. Illness weakens love in another
way— the one suffering often loves less.
Emotions are apt to be weaker in a per
son of weak physique.'j
There's something to think about*
P. J. McCormick, the Chief Deputy
Coroner, Has Something
to Say.
/The Coroner wasn't in. The chief dep
uty was, and I told him he woulddo. He
was having his picture taken and I
waited.
"I wonder if you'd mind letting me look
pleasant at you?" he inquired, dolefully.
"This is a hard place to get up a smile
in."
"Yes, I guess I see trouble enough to
know something about the affections," he
went on -when the matter was explained
to him. "Murders for love, suicides for
love. I guess I ought to know a thing or
two. . t
"More women, I should say, ' -without
looking over the records, far more women
commit suicide for love than men. To be
sure, there are no doubt many men whose
cause of suicide is assigned as something
else when in reality it is love that is the
indirect cause. Financial affairs often ap
pear to be, while love is at the bottom of
the trouble. A woman does not have
financial affairs to serve as an excuse.
But, even so, there are more women who
suicide for love, I am sure.
"Women are more impulsive. Time will
heal any pain, and a man realizes this
better, and gives time a chance. Woman
does not. '' ,
"More murders for love are probably
committed by men. A man puts the other
one out of business; a woman gets rid of
herself. But very likely these murders
are often no indication of real love — only
a spiteful Jealousy.
"But does anybody think of doubting
that women love better than men? How
can they? To me there is no doubt. I
tell you, if a fellow's in trouble it's a
woman that he wants to comfort him. If
he's sick, it's a pity for him if he has to
do with a man for a nurse. It's a woman's
affection he wants. Of course they love
better than men. And I'm called an au
thority on love affairs, too."
Mrs. E. G. Denniston, President of
the Forum Club, Is
Neutral.
Mrs. Dennlston is president of a pros
perous club, mingles in prosperous so
ciety, and receives in a prosperous home.
Her point of view is a very different one
from those of the men who have watched
love through its trials of sin and sickness
and poverty. Her view is that of a hap
pily housed woman.' «
She sounds so, too. She doesn't talk
much abcut the heart breakings and dis
loyalties. She concerns" herself with the
loyalties.
"I think women are just as affectionate
as men, and that men are just as affec
tionate as women," she said. "I have
seen the most beautiful cases of lifelong
devotion on both sides."
*'Does a man love the more intensely?"
"I don't think so. Of course convention
ality permits him to show his feeling first,
to express himself."
"Does he love longer?"
"I don't think that, either.. I don't think
stability Is a question of sex."
"And t;o sum up?"
"I think it all depends on the Individual.
There are both kinds of women and both
kinds of men. I don't think either sex
loves better.
"There ought to be more happiness on
both sides in the future," she went on.
It was the club woman speaking. "Women
are so much 'more independent, aad there
fore marry later in life. \
"I suppose they are the same women
at hesirt." she added.
Blanche Sates Gives Some Very De
r : ¦;• cided Opinions on the
Matter.
Miss Bates was getting out of Cigar
ette's negligee costume and into the'dap
pcr one of Blanche Bates. She was hook
ing her belt and she jerked It with a vig
orous.', not -to say vicious, tug when the
qi estion " was propounded to her. ¦ v : -
"The Idea that such a question should
be raised at all!" she cried, "as if there
were any doubt about which does all the
loving."
She seemed to consider the matter set
tled at this, but I was still in doubt. Did
she mean that a woman's affection wad
5T is a ticklish' subject, to say the
least.
They have all showed an inclina
tion to talk round and round it, and
not to step up and hit it square in the
face. Perhaps it struck some of them
too personally; perhaps some of them
were afraid 'of having too many ex
planations to make after the sympo
sium appeared in print.
Thsy are a good representative
group who have handled the, subject
popularly, from the standpoint of in
dividual experience or observation.
You will notice that there isn't a pro
fessional psychologist in the bunch.
And I am not going to play the psy
chologist by counting how many of
the men think men and how many
of the women think women, and how
many of the men think women and
h ' ¦ ¦ ¦ V. :¦¦¦¦¦. ¦
how many —
» There! Suffice it. My b=st wishes
that the delivery of ; this morning's
paper leaves nobody in. hot water.
KATHEYN MAESH;
Judge Carroll Cook Thinks That
Women Carry Off the
Prize.
IT struck me that Judge Cook was a
very good man to start out with. Ho
ought to have two points of view;
that of the criminal lawyer and judge
who has watched the crime-bound
emotions of men 'and women, and that of
the recently married man.
Perhaps the latter is what made him a
bit diffident about' expressing his mind. I
noticed a certain diffidence with all Ihe
married ones, for. that matter. Perhaps
they have begun to realize how little tliey
knoW about it all, anyway.
"I couldn't say— I really couldn't— I
don't know anything about it," he in
sisted. According to the trick of his trade
he had me backed against a lighted wall
while he was between me and the window
and I couldn't see him clearly.
"Buf surely you have some ideas on the
subject. Do more men or more women
sue for divorce?"
"More" women."
"What does that indicate? That they
are more fickle, or that fickleness on their
husbands' part has prompted suit?"
• "Couldp't say." .
."Which commit . more murders for
love?"
"Far more, men." • • V .
"Because they love better?"
"No; because ¦women are too timid to
kill."
"Although they may love as much?"
"Oh, I don't know. I really don't know
anything about it. But I'll tell you. I
think that women carry off the prize for
affection every time— if you want to know
what I think."
Which was exactly what I did want.
Seme Things That a Minister Has to
Say on the Subject.
When Father Parrish opened to me the
door of his famous basement he had just
emerged from a wedding. I waded to
him through inches of rice and stumbled
over ah old shoe at the threshold. It
looked as if he might be in a frame of
mind to discuss the affections.
"Ministers ought to know human nature
if anybody does," I said/ "You see the
great crises of life, the times when love
is put to the .test. Which loves better—
man or woman?"
"Oh, woman, woman, beyond a doubt,
woman," was what he exclaimed offhand.
But ha begged to be permitted to write
ouf his opinions on the subject instead of
being interviewed. I gave him several
days to do it in, and you see that by the
time he had thought the matter over he
wasn't so sure. Here is what he wrote:.
By Father Herbert Panish.
Most people remembering Nancy Sykes
would probably give the palm to woman's
long-suffeiing affection for man. I see,
however, that in the divorce statistics a
large majority of the" suits- for separation
are begun by women. This may not prove
anything. Still it is interesting. ,
In regard to the psychological difference
between ir.cn and women you must con
sult an expert. There Is said to be some
thing in the maternal instinct which may
account for the patience shown by some
women. for tKe nren everybody else would
hate. I remember that Professor Baris
Sldls in his work on the psychology of
suggestion says that, women can rarely
rise above the tribe and are Philistines
by nature. But this is a hard saying.
Ideally -thera should be an equality at
least in the durability if not in the quality
and capacity of the affections of each sex.
As a matter of fact the general depend
ence of women upon men puts a compul
sion upon loyalty.
In her judgment of the man a woman is
handicapped. She lacks experience,- and
at. the marriageable age idealizes absurd
ly. Her imagination make3 a king of. a
cad. Later on, when sho sees more of the
world and finds the type reiterated or dis
covers from experience that she has made
a mistake, she >s apt to rush to the other
extreme. Then she decides to get a di
vorce or joins a strong-minded woman's
club. '
Men, on the other hand, with wider ex
perience in the world, have less imagina
tion in affairs of the heart. With them
disenchantment is less disastrous.
Problem Pro and
Con.
I should say, however, that too often in
both sexes affection is only a species of
blind idolatry. It is foolish in its incep
tion and fatal to happiness of a per
manent order in its result. The golden
rule says" that we should love our neigh
bor as ourself.- Most people violate this
rule by loving the majority of their neigh
bors a good deal less than themselves and
by loving some of their neighbors a good,
deal more ¦ than themselves.;. I. do not
think that women, are any worse than
men in loving "not wisely but too -well."
Dr. W. P. McNutt Discusses the
A doctor Is another of the men who
ought to know.
¦;.. Doctors should be the novelists and dra
matists of the: world. ' And just because
they have 'the' opportunity they are pre
vented, as a rule, from using It, for the
reason that scientists are not artists. Dr.
Weir Mitchell is the only, man -I can call
to mind on the instant who has achieved
bigness in both lines.
' ©JV, Mc«Nutt received me In the atmos-
THE SUNDAY QALJj.
9
WHICH IS GREATER: MAN'S AFFECTION
FOR WOMAN OR
WOMAN'S AFFECTION
FOR MAN?:~ THE SUNDAY CA!LI,;
Ttttr department, under ths able leadership of Kate Greenleaf
Locke, will be found of interest and benefit to all classes.
Whether rich, or poor, there is no reason why your home
should not be made beautiful by artistic arrangement and
tlie proper outlay of time and energymore than by. the expenditure
of money. Correspondence is invited. Just address your letters to
Kate Greenleaf Locke, Sunday Call, and these questions on making
the home artistic will be answered at length in subsequent columns
of this department.
IT Is one thin* to furnish a home
Ideally when you' can order In profes
sional decorators: it is another thing
when you 'can afford.no Ingenuity but
your own.
There are plenty of ¦ times when you
tcant to give up In despair because you
have to put up with dismally high cell-
Ings, dark rooms, bareness of outline.
Your bouse, perhaps, was built with no
regard for beauty. And you feel very
much like saying, "There's, no use— It
never can be artistic, anyway." . -
. . Which isn't* so. • *It , can always b« the
best you can make it, at any. rate. -.'.-.It
you have homely conditions to overcome.
It may take much time and study to bet
ter them. But In the end the time and
study will tell.
Pernaps pocket money Is not plenty.
Then the problem is still more difficult.
But a little money goes a Jong way In this
day of, cheap and effective materials.
A ROOM HUNG WITH BURLAPS— W.
I* D. writes be follows: "We have just
finished building a house which is very
artistic in design." I will be very grateful
for suggestions from you as to- the fur
nishing of the living-room. This room is
18x20, the ceilings are low and heavily
beamed with oak, the floor is polished oak
finish and the side walls are In rough
plaster. The windows, of which there are
four, r.re all casement style; with deep
sills. One, a long one in the north, Is of
amber glass leaded 5n. The chimney
breast is tiled with a deep shade of yel
low, and the mantel Is a heavy oaken
shelf supported by wrought-iron brackets.
The hardware Is a mingling- of wrought
Iron and old silver, and I have a hand-
Borne banquet lamp which corresponds In
style. In fact, the fixtures rn this room
were made especially to match this lamp.
It Is a room which would furnish beauti
fully with Navajo blankets ; and 1 1ndian
work,' but as my den' is decorated .with
these things I. would . like :a ; different
scheme for this .room. I- have- ; a, large
Turkish rug for the center of the floor
which has a, good deal of dull blue in it,
but the general tone is orange. What
color shall I paint the walls and what
style of furniture shall I buy?"
I would' use gilded burlaps on the walls
of this unique and beautiful room, run
ning it up to within two feet of the ceil
ive. Put a molding, or narrow candle
shelf of oak, nt the top or the Durlaps.
Above this color your rough plaster a
yellow corresponding with your tiling,
amber glass, etc. At your windows hang
two straight scarfs of this silk of a deep,
golden yellow. Draw these back to fall
to sill at one side (unlooped). On the
other side hang a looped-back curtain or
dull blue brocade. In the archway which
leads from the hall hang a single curtain
of dull blue, lined on the parlor side wltn
yellow satin brocade In the richest, warm
est shade of golden yellow. '• It would re
pay you to send all over the tinlten
States, if ; necessary, and wait patiently
for Just what you want in "these things.
Your j room will . be simply delicious in
color,, if you Secure exactly the rlgnt
shades. . • \. .
I would use furniture of- heavily carved
oak, and in the ' straight-backed, heavy
chairs I 1 would tie rather flat, hard cush
ions of orange corduroy, v You will realize
that before you start in in. this, work you
must,, of course, get together samples of
alV the different stuffs in yellow and : be
sure that they correspond. Put a square
of your yellow satin brocade, bound with
fold galloon," in the center -of your large
'lemlsh oak table, and on * this set , your
lamp with a yellow globe inside. Do not
put any small pieces of bric-a-brac on this
table, but use it 'as a restine dace for
Do not use an ordinary lamp m this
room for a single commonplace piece of
any kind would throw out tha severely
simple schema.
Hang some plain wooden shelves,
stained to match your woodwork, against
the wall, and In it arrange blue and white
plates and cups and saucers. Cover a
small table with a dark green denim
cover hanging almost to the floor, and on
this place your chafing dish. Some small
shelves over your doors and windows
holding Indian, baskets, or Zunl jars, a
brass candlestick, etc.. would do much
toward furnishing this little room. A
square of dar*. green terry, socketed at
the corners and laid under the table, the
floor painted a dark brown and shellacked,
would be the i>est floor finish you could
manage on the small Income you have In
hand.
tic lines and strong colors. I gather from
what you say that you wish an effect
strong enough to startle the beholder into
iorgetfulness of how small a sum has been
spent on it3 furnishing.
You have gray plaster walls In the rough
and you cannot afford to color them, and
y/»u have two large casement windows,
io drape these windows get unbleached
cotton (you can buy it for 7 cents a yard
by the bolt) and Diamond dye in the exact
shaae of the plant or leaves of the Chinese
lily. v Dye your cotton this vivid green and
hang It In full, straight breadths from a
slender bamboo rod resting in little brack
ets over your window casing. With it
liang cream white cheesecloth. In good
Quality this hangs very softly and sheerly.
and if you put a broad, hemstitched hem
at the bottom you will have a curtain
which is much more artistic in effect than
many expensive ones. Stain your.wood
work with a dark brown stain: it will go
beautifully with your rough gray walls
and green and white window hangings.
. Place a shelf wide enough for flower
pots on a level with your wlndow-slll and
set a row of pots with lilies and Irises in
them between your curtains. Use small
-red flower pots in the red earthenware
saucers; do not break the line with any
variety if you wish the- strong, artistic
effect you speak of. Now buy a good
sized deal table, such as are bousht for
ordinary kitchen use, and paint it green.
a shade darker than your curtains.
Design your dining-room chairs in per
fectly straight Dutch lines and have them
made by some first class reliable carpen
ter; then paint them green like the table.
This is the first thing that will cost you
any real outlay, but even this will not ba
extravagant.
der the white muslin curtain sash curtains
of dark blue soft silk. 'These blues should
be carefully selected and must have the
effect of carrying the coloring of the walls
into darker tones. The very lisht blue
and the quite dark of the same tone work
up beautifully together.
I would keep the dining-room light and
paint the woodwork a little darker — cold
er blue than the walls. Blue woodwork
In a dull pastel shade has a good effect
with lighter walls. I would drape the
windows with b!ue and white figured silk
olene. ruffled and drawn away from white
'Hotted muslin sash curtains, s Make all
quite full and tie back with white cotton
cords and tassels. If you could find some
pretty blue and white cretonne you could
m ? k V?4^ uch c:)ver and cushions of that.
A RECEPTION HALL-C. J., San Fran
cisco, writes: "We would like to have
suggestions regarding the furnishing of a
reception hall in a new home of. modern
style. It is about 12x16, has a small bay
window, with window seat, and a six-foot
arch opening into parlor. What will take
the place of the hatrack (which we, do not
care for)? What shall I use for curtains
for windows and glass in door?'>'
As a reception hall represents a combi
nation of hall and receiving room, you are
quite right not to wish to decorate it with
the objectionable hat rack. As a compro
mise, I would advise a handsome Flem
ish oak table. If you can find one that is
longer than It Is wide, and is slightly (not
elaborately) carved at the corners, it will
appropriately and handsomely take the
place of the hat rack. Above it ham? a
mirror framed in Flemish oak. Curtain
7£ ur m ln ?£ w w , lth "s leaded panes with
thin silk the color, of your walls, furnish
ing the front door in the same way Two
easy chairs (not rockers) and a foot stool
of Flemish oak. with a rush seat, a teak
wood stool holding a small palm in a Chi
nese Jar and two straight-backed chair*
matching stool will tastefully compete
the furnishing of your room. " I do not
think wicker furniture Is exactly annrn
priate for a city hall, although it of ton
looks well in country houses. However
the rattan East Indian chair with cuVh
Ions of red and white figured East Indian
.cotton ia an artistic and agreeable addi
f tlon to any part of a house. The use nt
rope portieres in Pullman cars has raised
an insuperable objection to their use in
private ¦ houses. in
AN ARTISTIC DINING ROOM ON SE
VERE LINES: L. T. R.-Your letter tells
me that you have very, very little money
and that you wish to furnish the dining
room in your little house with clean artis-
You would strengthen th» coloring: of
your dining-room. ¦ by using a dark, dull
blue for the window-seat and hanging un-
A touch of green In your white and yel
low bedroom will add to Its freshness and
beauty. I would, /by airmeans, remove
the silk drape of . lemon yellow; I think
you will find that the picture, the easel
and the room will look better without it.
The cnly instance in which a "drape," as
it 13 commonly called, adds anything to
the value of a room Is when the material
draped is of intrinsic - beauty and com
bines rareitones and an unusual color ef
fect with- a rich ¦ foreign- weave. -. I nave
seen in artists' . studios superb pieces of
eld Venetian brocade which, through ares
of exposure to the light, 'had caught in
describably mellow ¦ and- exquisite tones,
and scarfs, of Oriental, weave,, in silk and
gauze which: held undertones of pink and
gold that vied .with the tints of a sunset
sky. Such •• stuffs as this, used In con
junction-with a" picture— that Is. in har
mony with . them— add " much as a back
ground to * the value of the picture. : I
think. the fashion of throwing silk acarfs
on easels, mantels and ¦ tables has ° It a ¦ ori
gin, perhaps, in this way. It may be that
the realization of all this will explain to
you. your -dissatisfaction with your lemon,
silk scarf. . - ¦¦;.;.¦ -
handsome books, magazines,' etc.
' ARTISTIC TOUCHES IN COLOR
SCHEMES.— "Sausalito" writes: "I have
a bedroom in white and yellow; would it
be well to Introduce a little color by hav
ing the toilette set of tinted green with
gold trimmings? Also a plant in the room
in a green pot? The sitting room has an
easel with a pastel picture in blue and
white in a gold frame, and I have a yellow
silk drape (lemon yellow) which does not
seem to belong either to the picture or
room. Would you advise a change in the
color of this drape? The dining room has
light woodwork and pale-blue paper, and
the west window and gla.«s door have
white muslin curtains. The window seat
Is in blue and white denim. Would it not
be better to have it in something dark?
la it not more arflstic to introduce some
thing dark into very light rooms? I for
got to add that there Is a dark rug in this
room. Perhaps .1 am asking too many
questions, but one more before closing. My
dining room has the same light blue pa
per. What color would you paint the
woodwork? Please tell me what color to
use in curtains for window which faces
the east. I have an improvised couch in
this room over which I wish to throw a
cover and have pillows. What color shall
I have them?" '¦¦ , ¦
10
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFULTHE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THIS is tne second of a series of
articles being published by Tb a
Sunday Call in the interest of
cnarit} as exemplified by those char
itable institutions of San Francisco
controlled by women.
These papers are written by the
presidents of the different orgar
izations and therefore can be relied
upon as accurate in detail.
Coming from such sources of au
thority they cannot fail to awaken
interest among the many readers -who
know, in a general way, that, good
work is being done, yet lack specific
information as to how, where and by
whom.
The present interesting paper on
the San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission is by Miss Muriel Weinple,
the president of that organization.
Next week will appear an article
• by the president of the Maria Kip
Orphanage on the condition of that
charitv end the good it has accom
plished.
Sy Muriel &)2mp!e.
FLOWER Mission work in San Fran
cisco originated in 1879, when a
number of the members of the
Toung Women's Christian Associa
tion conceived the idea of carrying
fruit and" flowers to the hospitals and to
'he sick in the tenement houses of the
rlty. They were made a committee by the
tresident if the association, but at the
close of the year asked permission to form
an organization of their own, nnd in 1880
the San Francisco Fruit and Flower Mis
sion, with Miss Mary Bates as president,
began a work of active charity that has
extended over twenty years.
There are no paid officers, and many a
worker has lovingly given her entire time,
counting it no sacrifice. !
In the beginning of the^work the spirit
of the mission was 'entirely in the personal
visit, the fruit and flowers being nails
to hang it on, as it were. The idea of the
visit has remained the same through all
the years, but the fruit and flowers are a
very small feature of the mission's dis
tributions. The name Is so suergestlve of
sentimental limitations that the mission
would correct the prevalent and errone
ous impression that the work is on no
more practical lines than fruit and flow
ers suggest. "Fruit and Flower Mission."
a physician exclaimed recently — "Flowers
in a sickroom! Bah!"
Think of the inconsistency of putting
a pansy away to die in loneliness, while
a leaky sewer sends out a million mi
crobes a minute! ?
Early in the mission's history visiting
was done in the hospitals.' but now It is
confined to the invalids in their homes.
The organization Is entirely non-sectarian
in membership and benevolence. There is
no sccial element in the mission work
just the lovely- spirit of harmony among:
people working for a common good. ~ The
active members are young women who
might send their grocer to the needy and
sit back in ldle'indifference if they would,
but they prefer to make the people their
friends. They do it in a delicate, tactful
way, and cJiarlty is spelled love among'
them.
The number of cases cared for averages
thirty. Practically, that means a great
many more. If there are children, they
must all be clothed. Very often the in
valid Is the bread winner and the family
must be tided over the time of illness. '
These cases come to the mission in va
rious ways. Sometimes a member of the
family calls, and it is always a pitiful
tale. They hear of the mission through
their neighbors, or "Johnnie read some
thing in the paper about yousc helping
folks." Then letters are sent— pathetic at
tempts, most of them. Frequently other*
jistitutions report cases requiring the del
icacies the mission provides. In almost
every instance the name is handed to tho
Associated Charities for Investigation. • If
on receiving ths report the president con
siders taking the case, she makes a per
sonal visit- to see the conditions and dis
cover the particular needs. When the
name is added to the list the sick one- 'is
taken into the mission family and cared
for tenderly. The system of investigation
does away with fraud3, and inasmuch as
money is never given the wayfarer finds
little satisfaction in his appeal.
Not infrequently reepeetable looking
men call at the mission in desperate need
of work. It is' impossible to direct them
and feel confident that anything wii: come
of it It would seem as though- there Is
something wrong in the scheme of things
when no definite provision can be made
for such men.
In the unpretentious little cottage at 631
Butter street the household affairs of the
are conducted. It is there, on
every Thursday morning:, that aj bright,
cheery looking girls gather to have their
baskets filled v/ith good, substantial pro
vision*. The cynic may regard those bas
kets as an unnecessary badge of thought
ful care. He probably never has lifted
one. It is working. pretty hard to look
picturesque.
The provisions are. everything from
clothing to the dnintiest delicacy. The
store- closet ir, /•_'— *uetcd on* a wonderful'
system. Sugar, rice and meal are kept.
In .bins and packed in bags that
hold ¦ a week's supply. Each basket
is filled with these", as well as po
tatoes, tea. . flour, coffee: frrp«». soup,
wine jelly, custards, beef extract, con
densed milk and sherry or port as the
physician prescribes it. Other jfUi^s and
fruits, fresh rr. canned, are Riven out.
Some discrimination is made, in third's-'
tribution, the cases' receiving thn delica
cJ.es they moat icqulre. In many instances
milk is sent every day, and fuel is fre
quently provided. • . *
The diet k'tchen is an important feature
of the work. . There i? a well-ein'r>T) C rl
kitchen, and every- Wednesday afterroon^
a committee of capable p'rls make jellies,
custards or whatever si'gpests itself to
them. They enter Into It with. an enthu
siasm that would silence the cynic for
ever.
'There, is a cl^then . closet filled with
garments that have been slightly worn.
.There are Infants' outfits, and children
of every age «re provided for. There are
new gaj-ments— flannels, sheets, towels,
and the like. Many of these are voted to
the mission by the Needlework Guild
each year.
Physicians" and nurses are supplied arid
medicines paid for.
. In the basement of the little cotla-e
then; Is a library conta'ninp paners and
magazines in many languages.: These are
widely distributed and give Infinite, pleas
ure! |
The flower room !s a p'cture the?e sum
mer mornings. Great quantities of beau
tiful blossoms come from the Interior, a
number of florists send tho.m. :ind little
children everywhere help In that pretty*
Nway. Each 1 askel has Its bunch of love
ly color and sweetness. ' The man who
said "Bah" hos never seen a dear old
wrinkled face changed to pure joy at the
sight of a gillyflower or a bunch of
Sweet William. Ho las never seen a jar.
cf v/ithercd th r ng3 and heard the plan
tivc explanation: "I couldn't bear to
throw* 'em out. Dearie." Flowers play a
lovely part in the work, but in very seri
ous cases they nre given no thought.
Save these of contagion, all the ills
(hat men. women and children are heir
to have been catalogued in the mission.
Sometimes Improvidence seems the cause
of the^uiJlress, and sometimes an accu
mulation of misfortunes — and children.
There are chronic cases that have been
on the Mat for years. The mission's af
fairs are theirs, and the marriage of a
president is a matter for their personal
concern. It is in cases of this sort that
the visit counts for so t " much. Their
weeks begin and end 'with Thursday.
One invalid who has lain in bed for
years and has a face like. a flower that
has bloomed in the shade In full of prtt
ty drollery and wit. She thinks, of get-Y
ting a guest book, she says, because all
of her visitors are lovely and there can
be no distinction save in the name.
It is not only the ccarse intellects that
the visitors meet. Refined, gentle peo
ple also seek their care and friendship.
There was an instance of unusual and
extreme need. Both mother . and child
were ill and other little ones. were unpro
vided for. . When -the visitor callqd and j
recognized "an old schoolmate she hesi
tated in the embarrassment of having
made what semned to be a mistake. It
was a trying moment, but a womanly
girl's gentle tact left a sensitive pride un
hurt. They talked of care free days and
half forgotten experiences, and the pain
seemed easii'r and life more worth while
to the sufferer.
This work among the sick reaches every
heart somehow. A Etranger will call at
the mission with a Uisket and explain
that she has been ill herself, and knew
just how pleasant it war. to be thought
of, or just how good a particular jell>
tasted. -Dellverymen who know nothing
of the people nre Interested in the num
ber of Pick, and will tell how such a on*
In the family had pneumonia," but "pulled
out all right." " The disconsolate and th"»
weak are everywhere In the world, and
on: this common pround . of misery and
pa'n class distinctions are forgotten.
In the visiting the gir's are often en
curaged to keep up their- languages.
There Is a representative of almost every
rat'ona'lty in the mission's family. A
pentle Snanlsh greeting has made many
n Ir-terless brown eye .young- again.
Trrubles told in German have lost a
we'rM of woe. There is no place for a
morbid nature in the work. There is too
much real suffering, and the visitor's
sunshine should obscure the misery.
The mission's support is in membership
subscriptions of . twenty-five, cents or
more a month. An appeal is made just
crce a year. ¦ 'That is at Thanksgiving,
when dinners are sent to two hucdred
anrl fifty or three hundred families, rep
rf sertinrc eight or nine hundred people.
The dinre rs .are given to the worthy poor
of the city, to be prepared in their own
hr.rr.ep. ard there are good things to make
e--es b'g with worder, and appetites sat
isfied for\once. The people resort to
every possible means to be thought de
serving. A pale faced man will come
with a t;iby in arms, and four or five
at his b^e'.s. Applications come in sev
eral weeks early, but the greatest pre
cautlors are taken and a dinner is seldom
misplaced. ! «• , .
Those who have never seen the mis
sion's Thanksgiving preparations have
m'ssecl a goodly sight. Through the
crurtesy of Mr. Reichart the basement
of Golden Gate Hall Is theirs for the day.
Girls', in huge aprons are everywhere,
each with a particular duty. . Express
men hurry in and out. There are turkeys'
and pics for a Teglment, and it seems as
though the world and his brother had
lovingly opened heart and purse on that
one long looked for, dreamed of day.
At this season, also, the mission's
store closet and funds are replenished.
Canned goods, dried fruits, meals, flour
and wine help tide over ,the year's de
mands. '
Contributions come from far and near,
many without' cards or, a suggestion of
the donor. One friend calling himself
"M. R.— M. F." sends $50 each year
through the Argonaut. "H. E. C." and
others as modest -have baffled the mis
sion's efforts to thank. them. If you be
lieve that the average young woman la
bored ard self absorbed, visit the mission
at Thanksgiving, and have your Illusions
dispelled. It is a long day of hard work, ¦
and the enthusiasm isn't a thing of a day
or a week, either. Many of the members
have been active for years, and their
families have entered Into and shared
that enthusiasm.
The brother of a member visited one of
the mission's .most delightful cases with
her, and in her absence came himself to.
carry the basket. He was a boy, with a
boy's love of play, but somebody's suf
fering touched all the chivalry and fine
manhood in him. . ¦.'
Some one said not long ago: "If young
women knew what infinite pleasure they
would get out of the work, they wouM
do it for selfish motives." Isn't it some
thing to be the only bit of. sunshine in a
poor, .worn out life? Doesn't it mean
more 'than the bickerings of a card
party? ,
There is a child 9 years old who never
has known' what childhood means. She
Js her dying father's nurse, housekeeper
for her mother, who earns the daily
bread, and caretaker of a sister who is
mute and simple. She seldom smiles.
There is so little to smile at. Girls who
play with dolls are "silly," she thinks.
The patient efforts of, a sunny natured
girl might give her back her childhood,
a little delayed, perhaps, but her child
hood nevertheless.
A. dainty personality and gentle Bug-*
gestlons have often made a woman take
pride In cleaning 1 out the corners a bit.
The result Is sometimes grotesque, but
the desire to be even a little cleaner is
worth the struggle to Implant It, Very
often there la little encouragement to go
on. The mission's work seems such a
drop in the great wells of misery, but
then conies a word of appreciation, rude
ly expressed, but straight from the heart,
The gladness of it is not soon forgotten,
So, wlth'no thought of reward, with no
expectation of getting, it bads in any
way, the mission workers give much of
themselves to the sick and the suffering,
and live their motto, "Bear ya ona
another's burdens."
THE
SAN FRANCISCO
FRUIT AND FLOWER MISSIONTHE SUNDAY CALL.
12Pap 13 to 22
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN F^NCIS^O, STJN^
VOLUME XC— NO. 37.
Continued on Page Sixteen.
er's society. From '77 to "84 Davidson
served as Regent of the University of
Probably no man knew and loved Pro
fessor Le Conte better than his old friend
and associate. Professor George Davidson,
and certainly none of the many who de
plore Le Conte's death mourn him more
sincerely than this same old friend.
Davidson and Le Conte were friends
since 1S69. In that year both became
members of the California Academy of
Sciences, and their Interest In that insti
tution brought them much into each oth-
FEZI/ING BECOLLECTIONS
OF OLD-TI2IE ASSOCIATES
Professor Georg« Davidson Tells of
the Virtues of Dead Fellow-
Scientist
He got up and took some medicine that
he had in his tent and went to sleep
again, but was awakened in a short time
by a much severer pain. Again he applied
his cwn remedies, but receiving no relief
called in Dr. William O. Taylor, one of
the gentlemen of his party.
In the morning the professor would not
allow his party to remain at home, but
made them go on the trip he had planned.
At 7 a. m. Dr. Charles Cross of the Sen
tinel Hotel was sent for.. The -physician.
found Professor Le Conte in great . dis :
trtps, still complaining of the pain in' the:
region of the heart.
Dr. Cross administered some remedies
that relieved the aged scientist greatly^
and left him at 10 a. m.. resting peace
fully. In charge of. his daughter, Mrs.
Davis, and a nurse, staying at Camp
Curry. At 10:30 the professor was awak
ened by the pain, and called his daughter
to his bedside. He gasped for breath for
a few minutes, turned over on his left
side and passed away.
Dr. Cross said Professor Le Conte had
died of angina pectorls.
Body on Way to San Francisco.
The body was embalmed and left here
at 5 o'clock, accompanied by Mrs. Davis,
on the Y. S. and T. stage, hung with
wreaths of blue and gold. It will arrive
at Raymond, a distance of seventy miles.
In time to catch the 7:50 o'clock train In
the morning, which is due In San Fran
cisco at 4:30 p. m.
Professor Le Conte has spent his vaca
tions in the Yosemite and vicinity for sev
eral years and had become very well ac
quainted with these regions. This year
he came up with the Sierra Club and ar
rived in the valley on the Fourth of July.
His plan was to remain in the ' Yosemite
until Thursday, when he expected to be
Joined by the rest of the Sierra Club,
making a party of about sixty, and start
for the Tuolumne Meadows, to make" a
tour of the surrounding country- Profes
sor Le Conte's sudden death will alter the
plans of the dub.
Calls "Daughter and Dies.
YOSEMTTB VALLEY, July 6.-
Professor Joseph Le Con^e died
suddenly this morning at 11 o'clock
at Camp Curry of heart failure.
Yesterday he was apparently in
good health and took a ride
around the valley. When he returned he
complained of a feeling of pain in the re
gion of the heart. He took a nap before
dinner and got up feeling much refreshed
He ate a hearty dinner and remained in
good spirits up to the time of retiring,
about 9 o'clock. He had planned to take
a trip on the morrow and Epend the night
at Glacier Point, having already engaged
his rooms at the Glacier Point Hotel.
About midnight the professor was
awakened with the return of the pain
around his heart and had great difllculty
In breathing.
Pleasure Trip* Is Terminated
Through Unexpected Visic
of the Dread Destroyer
Dying Man Calls His Daugh
ter to His Side, Gasps for
Breath and Quietly Expires
Succumbs Suddenly to Heart
Failure While Sojourning
in the Beautiful Valley
VENERABLE
SCIENTIST
NO MORE
PROFESSOR JOSEPH LE CONTE OF STATE
UNIVERSITY DIES IN YOSEMITE VALLEY
FAMOUS
EDUCATOR
OF WORLD
foted on Two Continents as
\a Natural Scientist and as
• an "Evolution" Philosopher
Respected and Revered by
\ the Many 'Students Who
. Came: Under His Influenca
» V
His Loss. Mourned Not Only
at Berkeley but in the
East and European Cities
-w- OSEPH L.E CONTE, aged> revered
H and gray from a long life of
H scientific usefulness, died in na
m H ture's own garden. Amid the
towering mountains and tha
broad sweeping valleys of the
rosemlteythe mountains and the valleys
which he loved so well— the life. of thi3
truly great man passed' from its earthly
cerements." His name will endure, not
only | in " the \ halls of the University - of
California; where- he was apotheosized,
but the world over, where natural science
and Its teachings are. of any moment.
In Joseph' Le. Conte's death the Univer
sity of California. loses a teacher and a
name written on the tablets of scientific
fame. He* was rnoce than a great pro
fessor. His .gentle, . lovable and •strong
nature was a power felt- by all who came
under the" influence of --his personality,
which was a\ teacher in Itself. \ Old and
feeble in body.' but with a mental vigor
capable of coping with .the sternest prob
lems, of religion and science/ "Prof, Joe"
has steered many a man^and woman over
"the obstacles*/* thought. l# His playful Im
agination, the 1 - Poetic side, of his. makeup
and his warm generosity made him ,a
man to ; be Yevered . and loved:.' Hia phil
osophy of life was naturalistic, but he
reconciled it with the teachings of Chris
tianityto.- h!3 own logical and consistent
way. ° . ' " - '• V '
/ > Was the Ideal "Professor.
In the classroom Joseph Le Conte was
the t: ide"arprofessor. ; It was not the rever
ence and the .respect always shown
him" by '"his- students' that mado
him the beloved of the • university.
Th»re was heart to him. He had that
rare faculty : of making lif * out" of death.
Dry and coldly scientific as his subjects
we-e under his hands they took on tha
shades and cofor of Interest- His class
rooms were afways crowded and from tha
beginning to the end of his lectures an
eager student body hung upon his words.
' The Place of hl3 death was bi» own
Continued on Page Sixteen.
T T IS soul was clear as a crystal. His gracimisncss of '.'manner \wds only -the ¦
jTj[: reflection of his inner life,- which zyas grace and I human; kindness iipcrsani-';
tied. A kindly human. interest 'threw its robe over all .the: franiczvM-k,ofchis :
scientific life, and madcliim, with all his attainments, and^ fl//^//if : fe(?zww^; i oi^'•'/a/^•
/lVI«^, loving, helpful human force. He dealt; zvitli the. zvorld of nature/ but- its [les-^
sons for the life of man, for -the cleansing and upJiftingSf^r^on^q^iSOCtal0^§
were of immediate, importance to his thought.. Many, ''among \, the ¦¦hundreds who\
have sat in his 'lecture-room -m'ay -forgbt'wtiai ' 1ie\tauglity iwne^will' "forget \ivhat -he |
was. Even through the pages of 'his .books tiioric':'outihe:waijnth of his pcrson
'ality!'— WHEELER ON LE CONTE. "¦-¦• •
THOUGH TEACHINGS MAY BE FORGOTTEN BY SOME
MEMORY OF WHAT HE WAS WILL ALWAYS ENDURE
PROFESSOR THOMAS R. BA
CON spoke feelingly on the
death of Dr. Le Conte. "His
was a wonderful personal
ity,'" he eaid. "It attracted
all— even those who saw him only
once. His universal kindliness and
"unwavering honesty endeared him
to the students especially. He 'could
not know them" all by name, but
his heart was wonderfully broad
and sympathetic. He was the best
loved man In' the faculty. Since
his seventieth . birthday - the- stu
dents had made it a custom- to
greet him in his 'classes on that
anniversary with his desk piled
high with flowers. It was only one
mark of the great . affection ; with
which he was universally held."
BIRTHDAY
WAS ALWAYS
REMEMBERED
PROFESSOR MARTIN KEL
LOGG said: "Dr. Le Conta
was a. remarkable - all-round
scientific. man. He was not ao
• much a specialist as a sden- 5
tist in the broadest sense of the
terni. It is viewed in" this light
that we mu3t consider him a. very
eminent man. We were all proud ,
of him and Blad to see him hon-
ored. There was no man wnos©
honors were so universally appre
ciated and approved by. us as. Dr.
Le Conte's. And among others hia
attainments were recognized /'and
his opinions respected. He" had a
distinguished number of acquaint
ances and correspondents abroad.
He was warmly admired and loved
by the student body. His lectura
room was always crowded, for his
charming personality . drew U3 all"
to him. Though he gave a remark
ably comprehensive and thorough;
course- of. lectures, ; I feel safe in
saying that it was the^lnflaence of
the man, the ¦ contact with hia
mind and teachings that attract
ed." " His method of lecturing was
remarkably agreeable. He liad an
unusual literary gift in • public
speaking 1 that amounted practical
ly to oratory. ' In his fcearins he
was .cordial and courteous' to
; everybody. "He was not a man to
S come into personal collision with
others. He didn't trouble himself
much with the routine work of the
Institution, but he did a great deal
"to put heart and admiration into
the " body of students, j
•In philosophy he took hia pro
' nounced stand on evolution. In re
~ ligious beliefs -he .was originally in "
South Carolina distinctively a Pres
byterian, but here the Influence of
-•his wife and '-brother "' made him
'lean toward Eplscopallanl3m. He
was a devout . man. He was lib
eral, receptive and cool-headed,
but he -.had*, a- strong religious
? faith. \ ¦- -¦ - • ¦¦'¦/ ."¦' ¦ ¦
•'¦ "Dr. Joe was "more vigorous and
¦ alert than hl3 bro'ther John, % He
':. ' had a wiry frame' and was capable
X of .-standing- long trips and much
_ hardship. : He loved ' to explors
¦ mountain' ranges and their forma- •
tlon. Lake Tahoe , he ; knew well, *
and especially , the Yosemlte -Val- ;
_ ley. In '.one sense.it was almost; ;
"appropriate that he should end hia
,' life In: the place he was so fond of, ,
He A . made -frequent trips'to the ¦
;i Sierras In recent years and always
¦'¦ seemed' to : come back stronger.i and ¦
--more cheerful. -His health was un —
'usually, good; only recently i he bad>-'
' suffered somewhat from" persistent; I
attacks of the'srrip."
PRONOUNCED
STAND UPON
EVOLUTION
PURE IN HIS IDEAS AND SPEAKING ILL OF NONE
HE WAS A MODEL FOR ALL YOUNG MEN TO FOLLOW
'¦' ¦/''"/'¦^ a^supreme, trian, 'made'rto: impart 'knozvledge.- As 'said, 7
¦¦¦:'J~/j[{: am .a' teacher, 1 ' :so ¦jnay'it be ' said of. l Le s Conte.; -'He '''was 'made to impart
; ; 7. v V; 1: :> ¦ knoivhdgej: iiot ; only- to 'the \ yowigp but' the, pld^ds well. ' . , . ¦ , •
'; • a model for young : men'..:He;.had\pnly one} failing— he never wanted
'to;' say./, no.' l<He^as\riH'cr :kiw
tandinQ-.ma^
imiist'be\somei2OodsireakHh-him. ".: ? ¦ ;. ¦";¦•". [¦•v-r.'s?.:..^- ¦/"^• l ; /•
*i :? y'"Hisi
I wji ile- believing 'nvevohiiibn,, he. tried . to 'scientific: ' evolution \with ..,¦ ttie 'doc- .
i Sff6S I j 10 II
The San Francisco CallFormer Filipino officers who belonged to
Malvar's command report that fifty In
surgents were killed and that many were
injured by the command of Lieutenant
Monacl during a recent two days' fight In
the province of Batangas.
The Twentieth Infantry has been or
dered from Northern Luzon to Batangas.
In three weeks Bellarntmo was cornered
in spite of the theories of many officers
that cavalry could not be used In effective
operations in such a country. ' -
The insurgent general Cailles, who sur
rendered at Santa Cruz, Laguna province,
on June 24, and his friends have offered to
negotiate with . Malvar, the insurgent
leader. in Southern Luzon, for the latter's
surrender.
him. to clean up that part of the country-
General Chafl ee. replied :.
"Yes; but I do not command until July
4." - " : - •.• ¦¦' ; ; : ! •
Civil Governor Taft and Military Gov
ernor Chaffee are working agreeably to
gether. They are holding informal con
ferences and are arriving at mutual un
derstanding,, a state of affairs hitherto
almost unknown here.
INSURGENT LEADER BELLARMINO, WHO, WITH HIS OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS, SURRENDERED AT LE
GASPI. ON ALBAY BAT, LAST THURSDAY TO THE AMERICAN TROOPS UNDER COMMAND OF COLONEL
WINT. THIS PROBABLY ENDS THE FILIPINO INSURRECTION IN SORSOGONA PROVINCE.
SANTA MARIA, July 6.— Henry Bloch
man, the 13-year-old eon of L. E. ' Bloch
man, living near this city, was wantonly
murdered to-day by an Intoxicated man
believed to be a young man named Kelly,
alias Kelsoe. Blochman's body was found
in a bean field a quarter of a mile from,
his home. There were evidences of a des
perate struggle and. the back of the lad's
head had been crushed in by a blow with
a heavy Instrument. He was seen in com
pany with a drunken man, supposed to be
Kelly, a short time before the tragedy.
Sheer bloodthlrstlness was the only mo
tive for. the tragedy. The suspect was
discharged yesterday from Cook's thresh
ing gangand at once proceeded to get in
toxicated. He Is about 24 years old, small
of stature, with dark complexion and
black mustache. He has lost all of his
upper teeth.
After the tragedy the murderer escaped
and has not been captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DRUNKEN MAN
MURDERS A BOY
MANILA, July 6.— To-day the offi
cial announcement of the sur
render of Bellarmino was made.
According to this account, Bel
larmino, who has been operat
ing in th© province of Sorsogona, surren
dered Thursday last at Legaspi, on Albay
Bay, with thirty-two officers, 215 guns and
3000 rounds of ammunition. The insurgent
prepidente of that section of the country
and many Filipinos accompanied Bellar
mino, who gave hims^Bf up to Colonel
Theodore J. Wint of the Sixth Cavalry.
In all, since June, 1028 insurgents have
surrendered in that district. Colonel
Wint'8 regiment came, from China with
General Chaffee.
Before disembarking" at Legaspi Colonel
Wint asked General Chaffee if he desired
Mrs. Mary' "Wright" Sewall. president of
the International Council of Women, will
j lecture at Stiles Hall tomorrow afternoon
at 4 o'clock, in Berkeley. The subject of
Mrs. Sewall's lecture will b« the "Culti
vation of the Art Spirit." The lecture
will be under the auspices of the Art As
sociation of the University of California,
-of which Miss Eva Powell la president.
Some of the associate- members of the
Art Association are: President and Mrs.
Wheeler, Mrs. Hearst, Professor and Mrs.
Stratton. Professor and Mrs. Kellogg, Mr.
and Mrs. Clinton Day, Mrs." Emma- Shaf
ter Howard. Mr. and Mrs. William Keith
and Professor and Mrs. Paget. The lec
ture will' be without admission fee.
Will Lecture on Art Spirit.
I Officials of the Treasury Department.
I'however, say that the Russian note would
seem to indicate that the Russian Govern
ment O.ces not fully comprehend the atti
tude of the Government of the United
States, as it seems to be based on the idea
that Secretary Gage has discretionary
powers as to che Imposition of a counter
vailing duty.
It is intimated . the department has no
such, powers; that when Gage was con-
BOMB THBOWN IN YAED.
KILLS "A YOUNG GIEL
Denver Police Suspect That a Eela
- tivo Ended JAte of the
Child.
DENVER, July 6.— A bomb thrown Into
the yard at 2021 Curtis street to-day killed
Esther Oliver > a 4-year-old girl. The po
lice suspect, a relative.' The child's par
ents are separated. ' " '.• -,¦*:„•
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. . N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 6.— Acting Sec
retary of State Hill has transmitted to
the Treasury Department for the Infor
mation of Secretary Gage a copy of the
Russian note received yesterday in reply
to Secretary Hay's note to Eir.bassador
Cassini in regard to the countervailing
duty Imposed on Russian sugar and the
retaliatory duties imposed by Russia on
American products. Secretary Gage Is
not in Washington and will not return
until Monday, and. until he has,returned
no one at the Treasury Department can
say whether or not he will write a letter
to the State Department making sugges
tions as to the reply to Russia.
vinced that the Russian oGvernment gave
a concealed bounty to Russian exporters of
suger he had no choice, under the Dingley
law, but must impose the countervailng
duty provided by that law on all sugar
imported from Russia. Under these cir
cumstances the Secretary is powerless to
remove the countervailing duty. It can
only be removed by decision of court re
versing the decision of the Board of Gen
eral Appraisers, or by legislation by Con
gress repealing or amending the law un
der which it la imposed. This, it is said
at the Treasury Department, does not
seem to have been thoroughly understood
in Russia, where the executive and law
making powers of the Government ara
lodged in the same Individuals and are
not separated, aa they are under tha ays
tern of government formed by 'the consti
tution of the United States.
Under Provision of the Dingley Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russia Not Aware That the Secretary of the Treasury Acts
GAGE CANNOT RESCIND
COUNTERVAILING DUTY
Love may be able to see something
laughable in the locksmith, but it is blind
to the Interests of the gas company.
LOS ANGELES, July 6.— Manager W.
S. Hook of the Los Angeles Traction Com
pany dismissed six more men to-day be
cause of their connection with the union
movement recently started among street
railway men. When the men asked for
a reason Mr. Hook replied that It wa» be
cause they had associated themselves
with a movement which the company con
sidered detrimental to its Interests. Fur
thermore, while admitting that In all
other respects their services had been sat
isfactory, the manager refused them let
ters of recommendation. The men com
plained bitterly but in sober terms of their
treatment. One of them said to-night:
"We have all been employed in the com
pany's service for years and our dis
charge merely because we have followed
the example of other wage-earners seems
very hard."
i Manager Hook simply says, "It is a
policy on our part not to allow employes
to belong to a labor union, and that Is all
there is to it."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles Traction
Company Drops Six
Union Men.
RELENTLESS WAR
ON UNION LABOR
The tragedy grew out of domestic trou
bles. The couple have been separated for
a year and e divorce suit Is now pending.
Mrs. Garner's attempt to ¦ take her chil
dren away led to her arrest. A writ oi
habeas corpus to compel her to leave the
children here was to have been decided
this morning. Garner arrived this morn
ing from Kern City.
Mrs. Willingham rushed Into the back
yard and Garptr shot at her, the ball
striking- her in the left leg. just below the
knee. She tied into the house and fell on
the floor.
Garner then went out on the front porch
and,«sitting on the top step, placed the
muzzle of his pistol to his forehead and
pulled the trigger. With the report he
fell dead. ¦
Garner succeeded in getting possession
of the pistol, but while the struggle waa
going on Mrs. Garner, sorely wounded,
ran out of the kitchen door into the yard.
Garner pursued her and fired* another
shot at her. She fell near the well. Gar
r.er stood over her and emptied his re
volver at htr prostrate form. Her two
little boys pleaded with him not to shoot.
"You have come to take my children."
' Mrs. Garner arose from the table. Then
Garner drew a pistol from his pocket and
fired at her. She fell against the wall.
Mrs. Willingham cried to him not to
shoot and started toward him. He turned
his weapon toward her and fired at her
head. The - bullet missed her narrowly.
She seized the pistol and a struggle en
sued . for its possession. ! She called to
Mrs. Lewis to come to her assistance,
but Mrs.- Lewis was busy getting her
children out of harm's way.
. The house in which the murder waa
done is a one-story structure of four
rocms and was occupied by Mrs. Lewia
and her family. Steps lead from the gar
den to the front porqh. There are steps
at the back of the house -leading to the
kitchen. Mrs. Garner, her two children
and her mother, -Mrs. Willingham, who
arrived here a day or two ago, have been
staying with Mrs. Lewis. The women
and children were sitting at the break
fast table' in the kitchen, eating the morn
ing meal. Garner came up the back steps
and, standing in the ;kltchen doorway,
said to his wife: - •
MADERA, July 6.— John Gamer, a la
borer, this morning shot and killed his
wife, wounded his mother-in-law, Mrs. O.
S. Willingham, and then blew out his
brains. The tragedy occurred at the resi
dence of Mrs. Annie Lewis, just across
the Fresno River, a few minutes after 7
o'clock. ' . •. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mother - in - Law Grapples
With Him and Is Seriously
. Wounded.
John Garner Kills His
Wife and Himself
at Madera.
HUSBAND DEALS
DEATH LAVISHLY
SAX JOSE, July 6.— By the erection of
an immense packing house, 300 by 80 feet,
at Santa Clara, for the handling of the
corning year's prune crop, the California
Cured Fruit Association proposes to adjust
its difficulties with the Packers' Company.
Judge Bond's administration had a quarrel
with the packers over the term of a con
txact.. and their refusal to accept a modi
fied contract led to his resignation as pres- \
Went of the association. Now the packers ;
will be given the ultimatum of accepting i
the contract or the association will do its
own packing.
The packing house proposed will be an
up-to-date structure and will be erected
upon property leased from the town and
convenient to railroads. This move does
not meet the views of Director J. O.
Hayes, and it Is sail that he will tender
his resignation at the next meeting.
Hay Handle the Crop
Itself.
California Cured Fruit Association
Before Keane went down six of his fel
low workmen had leaped into the water
to save him. Two of the men who went
to his rescue came very ne.ar sacrificing
their own lives. They floated around in
tbe water for several hours -with nothing
but a plank to- support them. Boats were
finally procured and they were taken
ashore.
» .
PBOPOSES TO EBECT . ~ |
BIG PACKDJ-G HDUSEi
A heavy sea was running- at the time j
and the unfortunate workman was unable
to reach a place of safety. 1!he first his i
fellow workers knew of his peril was j
when he cried out for help. One brave lad
leaped from 4 r:e trestle into the water
and seized the drowning man. He was
joined by a second comrade. a?^d the two
managed to keep Kease aSoai Dor eome
little time. Before help could arrive,
however, they were compelled to release
their hold on him, and he sank to rise no
more.
in chaining rocks at the San. Pedro break- j
water this afternoon James Keane acci- f
dentally fell into the sea and was drowned i
¦despite the heroic efforts ttf six of his
brave comrades to rescue him.
SAN PEDRO, July 6.— While employed
Laborer Loses His Life and Com
rades Almost Perish, in. Attexn.pt
1-n rw o TJj»c«~n.ni
ing a Bescize.
DBOWUED OFT SA2T
PZDSO BHZA.KWATEE
in 1593- 5650 50; in 1899. $800; in 1900. $1225.
and thus far in 18S1. $762 50. The heaviest
charge wae for a fertilizer £*-epared by
Lewis at $625 far twenty-five tuns.
Capital City Scavenger
Says Blackmail Was
Levied.
Commissioners Will Investi
gate Statements of
Thomas Lewis.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. July «.— The State Cap
itol Commissioners will investigate the
stories which are afloat touching the acts
of Elate Gardener 5L H. Dunn. It has
been a scandal about the Capitol for some
days that Dunn- was charged by Thomas
Lewis, a scavenger and owner of a fertil- I
izer, with having exacted tribute from all |
bills before he would "O K" them for
passage by tha Capitol Commissioners.
Lewis was asked for a statement, but
said that tha matter rested with higher
powers, and that while he could tell a j
etorv which wcuZd "set the town on fire"
>.e could not talk, as Dunn belonged to
the same society as himeelf.
The etory -which Has gained circulation
Is that Dunn required Lewis to hand him
over his percentage jjpon each claim, be
fore he would indorse it. and that Lewis
-when pressed told the whole story to Wil
liam Davis, secretary of the commission, •
and likewise executive .secretary to Gov
ernor Gage. Davis to-day denied knowl- \
edge of any such story, and declared i
there was nothing in It, but State Treas
urer Truman Reeves, one of the Capitol
Commissioners, said that the commission
¦would investigate the stories as soon.' as
Governor Gage returned to the city.
Dunn when wen this afternoon said he
had been informed that Lewis went to
Secretary Davia and told aim he had been
forced to pay tribute, but Dunn asserted
that the story was entirely false and that
lie never received a cent from Lewis.
It appears from an exanrination of the
bills on file in the State Controller's office
that Dunn indorsed bills f*r large sums
drawn by Lewis. Not counting scores of
bills for small sums. Lewis was allowed
claims In 1S93 for J452 50; in .1894, $1813; In
ISa, $1222 50; in JS33. U507 10; in 1S97, $S97 30;
ACCUSES STATE
GARDENER DUNN
Russia exported to^ Germany In • 1900
$12,000,000 more merchandise than In 1899
to England; $7,600,000 -more; "'to* Holland
$10,000,000 more. ¦¦~^i: - » -
Rea la boasting over his defeat of Mac
kenzie and declares he intends to open
headquarters, and there is every indica
tion that the war between the bosses la on
In earnest. Mackenzie has the police and
fire- departments, the schools and about
all of the city offices, and Rea will have
an uphill fight. '. :-•• - .:¦¦'. •. ¦ ;.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— The political fight
that started between "Jim" Rea and
"Johnnie" Mackenzie over the appoint
ment of a County License Collector by the
Supervisors is spreading, and it is said
that the Mackenzie faction will come back
at the Realtes by attacking the county
license law. Mackenzie's candidate for
collector, Elmer Cottle, was turned down
and Rea, with the aid of Supervisor Roll,
a Democrat, elected J. D. Canelo. The
compensation of the office Is 5' per cent of
the amount collected. This should net the
License Collector from $1200 to $1500 a year.
The Mackenzie clique is bitter over the
treatment of Cottle and willing to do any
thlng- to get back at Rea. - They propose
to attack the county license law, wnich
provides for collecting city licenses, on
the ground that it is unconstitutional. It
is said a test case will be brought to re
strain the County License Collector from
collecting licenses from, the saloon-keepers
of this city. A firm of attorneys has been
consulted and It is said that a number of
saloon-keepers have agreed to contribute to
a fund. with which to make the fight. '
There are eighty-four In the
city, each of which contributes $120 a year
to th© county treasury. In the various
towns of the county there are 124 saloons,
which turn into the treasury $14,880 yearly.
If the law were declared unconstitutional
it would cut the compensation of the col
lector to lesa than $600 a year, and make
the office practically worthless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REA-MACKENZIE
FEUD IS BITTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, ' SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901
Filipino Chief in the Province of Sorsogona and His Followers Give
Up Their Guns to Colonel Wint of the Sixth Cavalry and Are
All Ready to Take the Oath of Allegiance to the United States
INSURGENT LEADER BELLARMINO
SURRENDERS TO AMERICAN TROOPS
14
'i
What are Humors?
They are vitiated or morbid fluids cours-
ing the veins and affecting the tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion, but are sometimes inherited.-
How do they manifest themselves?
In many forms of cutaneous eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, pimples and bolls,
and in weakness, languor, general debility.
How are they expelled? By
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which also builds up the system that has
suffered from them. '.
It is the best medicine tor all. humors.
- «^^S"-m 1 LLMAHM 7 BEND E L
i^^if =: =^V DIS I F?IB0TERS J
Mi ¥ F^ ————— fflfrfiyf * . Al
' ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ 'I. ' X- ."¦-¦. ¦ / ."
;/ : /> ' ADVERTISEMENTS.; . :
That Pe-ra-na Cures Female Ills.
Dr. Hartman, President of the Hartman Sanita-
' Hum, Offers to Treat All Women Free
During the Summer Months;
I Miss Millie Baker writes from 290 East 'Was Tired and SEiserable.
«»>¦ »"*¦ iiiste; B ° ntaew Crowaer -
ness peculiar to women, severe bear- "Three years ago I began to BO dowi
ing-down pains, and continual head- !* hea " h -, J na £ a tired, miserable feel-
9 , ml f ' , , . , ing. I had constipation so bad that I had
ache, my System seemed completely to take a laxative every day or two: I
» n *o/ „„// / a:a r>r.t (>/>« ..I... i n was very nervous, and had a dozen other
upset and I did not know where to allment / i took me dicine ot different
find relief. The doctor tried three kinds, but to no avaiL
different remedies, but they did not „"{ £55 sTaTcV eat ISythmf^i
SSem to help me any. to Dr. Hartman asking him for advice.
,.mn • *¦ l aai x n which he kindly grave, and recommended
"After USing five bottles Of Peruna Peruna and JIanalln, which I commenced
/ was as well and strong OS ever. I tojtal* I be^an^to^e^beUe^at once
would not be without it for any »i think I am aa well aa anybody can
mnnpv "—A7iss Mi/Ha Baker be . a " d eat more than I ever did. I never
money. -miss miine aaxer. felt better , n my ,, re x feel that z owe a
A wren Woman. debt of gratitude to Dr. Hartman and his
Mrs. Florence Aitklns. 922 Forsythe wonderful medicine for the good health,
street, Toledo, O., writes: I now enjoy.
"I am to-day cured of that dreadful "I give Peruna to my children, and It
disease I wrote to you about when I does them all the good In tha world.
asked your advice. I at once began tak- t-A«».« /• nn »« n-f n wrnmn-n tifffaminrr
ing Peruna and Manalin and have just inere IS no USB Ot a woman SUXoring
finished the fifth bottle. It has cured mo as I did; if they write Dr. Hart-
of /eucorrhaa. / had the trouble for man for advice they can soon be re-
nine months and had given up hope of stored to health." — Ellen Bo/linger,
over being strong again, /cannot tell Free Home Advice
how happy I feel, but you will know. In evr of the g^t mu ituude of women
/ never heard of such medicine, suffering from some form of female dls-
,. . ., , .- • -. ease and yet unable to find any cure,
z iu r "h «-¦ *£&}• Try *••*?*
of the head, i will always keep Peruna on female catarrhal diseases, has
In -rLnnot e nnd anything to talk about announced his willingness to direct
from morning till night, but Peruna. I fff Q treatment of as many COS6S (23
rhave = a C brTghtrciear e coior r now, r and > ara make application to him during the
altogether a well woman. I think leucor- summ9r months without charge.
rhoea Is the worst of female diseases, for *•"«""«" •" if"
I suffered all sorts of pains. I thought at This offer will hold good only during the
first that I had ulceration of the .womb, summer months. Any woman can become
and Peruna has cured me. I am now a a regular patient by sending a written
sound woman, peruna IS the best statement of her age, condition of Jlfe.
, . , ¦ , , ... .. .. history and symptoms of her derant;e-
frrend I cvsr had on this earthy — it m ents. s,
must 6b araised it cured me." Those wishing to become patients
musz OB praisea it curou mo. shou i d address The Peruna Medicine Co..
Mrs. Florence Aiikins. Columbus Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured Of
Itching Piles.
Edward Dunrflen, "VVIlkesbarre, Pa.:
"For seven years I was scarcely ever free
from .the terrible torture of Itching piles.
I tried all sorts of remedies. Was told
a. surgical operation might save.. One 60-
cent box of Pyramid Pile- Cure cured me
completely." All druggists sell it. It never
fails to quickly cure piles in any form.
Free book by mall on piles, causes and
cure. Pyramid Drag Co., Marshall, Mich.
.^gfrjlp MEN and
lliplliP WOMEN
"*^Aif55'4f"^3?^t^V can obtain rtne-wed
* r^&**&*<ij££&B±\ ' strength and visor
JA FJ^T^V'W Pierce 1 a (latest lm-
*./' r*X.%\\^\ Proved) BLEC-
» • appliances. Dron
&o net enre. Electricity is the remedy!
Boy no Belt ontll you see "Dr. Pleree's,"
for it is the BEST and the lowest in price.
C7Call at office or Bead a 2-cent ' etamp
for cew "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 3O6 Post et., San Fran-
cisco. New York office— 1145 Broadway.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both eexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS A BRUNE, Aurents, - ,
Za Market et, S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
,|?n^ A§f0i
Swell front white en-
ameled iron bed, bras3
trimmed - - - - $6.00
IvGct an estimate from as on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We., close at six,
except on Saturday. i
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO., \
338-342 POST STREET, J
Osposito Union SonantTHE LATE PRINCE CARL
VICTOR VON HOHENLOHE
SCHILLINGSFURST.
President: Charles H. P. Nason, United
States Consul at Grenoble, France;
Arthur H. Swan, receiver of public
moneys at VIsalia, Cal.
Santa Fe's Generosity.
STOCKTON, July 6.— The Santa Fe has
settled with Engineer W. J. Allen for his
injuries received in the accident at Point
Richmond several months ago, when a lo
comotive plunged through the wharf and
sank in the bay. It was reported to-day
that the Santa Fe had paid Mr. Allen
$12,000. but this Agent Lehmer denied
Mr. Lehmer. however." said that he was
not at liberty to state the exact amount
paid, but that both Engineer Allen and
the company were satisfied. Mr. Lehmer
said that the injured engineer could ob
tain a position with the Santa Fe if at any
time he were able to gro back to work.
The accident In which Allen was Injured
was the one in which Fireman Press
Adams lost his life.
Fleeces Many Residents.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— Harry Smith has
been "working" the small towns from
Santa Clara to Mountain View, and hav
ing fleeced all who are gullible, has gone
to parts unknown. He contracted store
bills, board bills and livery bills galore,
and now his creditors are looking in vain
for pay. One .of his last acts was to
hire a livery team at Mountain View and
take it to Santa Clara, pretending it was
his property. Of course the hungry cred
itors gobbled it at once and the Mountain
View owner of the property had to come
down, prove property and pav charges.
The officers are looking in vain"for Smith.
Baldwin Sails for UTorway.
CHRISTIANIA, July 6.— E. B. Baldwin,
leader of the Baldwin-Zelgler Arctic ex
pedition, started to-day for Tromsoe, Nor
way.
¦ra-r-y ERLIN, July 6.— Prince von Ho-'
= _2/ henlohe, formerly German Im
==^V perial Chancellor, died at Ra
>*,*/-* gatz, Switzerland, last evening.
Prince von Hohenlohe's death
was generally unexpected here, as he left
Berlin several weeks ago apparently in
good health, although his Increasing
weakness was evident. The Prince ar
rived at Ragatz extremely exhausted. . His.
death Is attributed to the weakness of old
age. The arrangements for the transpor
tation of the body to Germany ,and for
the obsequies are not yet definitely de
termined upon, but it is expected that tho
remains will be conveyed to the Hohen
lohe ancestral home at Schillingsfurst, Ba
tavla, where the family vault is situated
and where the- body of Prince von Hohen
lohe's wife is interred. It is also expected
that Chancellor von Bulow will break his
seaside rest and attend the funeral.
Although Emperor William has fixed his
departure on his trip to Norway for Mon
day next, it is deemed likely that his Maj
esty will once more postpone the date of
his starting in order to enable him to at
tend the obseaules. Owing to Emperor
William's relationship to Prince ' Hohen
lohe, his Majesty always called the Prtnce
"Uncle Chlodwig-."
It is not believed here that the body of
Prince von Hohenlohe will be brought to
Beriin before being taken to Schillings
furst.
Was, a True Friend of America.
The officials of the United States em
bassy informed the correspondent that
the death of the former Chancellor was
much regretted because of his uniform
kindliness toward Americans and Ameri
can interests. Prince von Hohenlohe's at
titude during his Chancellorship was al
ways fair and conciliatory in regard to
Ger.nan-American relations. Although he
was an extensive estate owner, he did not
share the Agrarian hostility toward the
United States. It was owing in a large
measure to his friendly spirit during sev
eral trying years that Germany's rela
tions with the United States never altered
from cordiality. He received many Amer
icans and was always friendlv to them.
At the time of the death of United States
Embassador Theodore B. Runyon, in 189fi,
which pecurred in the middle of the night,
Secretary Jackson went early in the morn
ing to inform the Cabinet Ministers of
Mr. Runyon's demise, but only found
Minister Hohenlohe ready to receive him.
Von Hohenlohe's Career.
Not until he was 75 years of age did
The record of tin plate prices during- the
past two years shows a remarkable fluc
tuation, largely due to the unusually high
price of material in 1900. Quotations for
tin plate furnished to the Treasury Bu
reau of Statistics show the price per box
of 100 pounds of tin plate of Bessemer
steel in New York in April, 1901, as $4 20,
the uniform price since January 1, 1901; in
January. 1900. the price was $5 50, while in
January, 1898, it was $3 SO. Meantime the
price of Straits .tin used in the manufac
ture of tin plate has increased from 13.S2o
per pound in January, 1898, to 34.62c in
July. 1900, and thence downward to 26.2c on
April 19, 1901, and again advancing to 28.15c
on June 1. 1901. while steel billets increased
in price from $15 per ton in January, 1898,
to $35 per ton in January, 1900, since which
date the price has fluctuated considerably,
finally becoming practically stationary at
$28 per ton in March, 1901.
The figures of the Treasury Bureau of
Statistics show that the exoorts of tin
plate from the United States, which in the
ten months ending with April, 1899,
amounted to only 183,955 pounds, and in
the ten months ending- with April, 1900, to
275,990 pounds, were, In the ten months
ending with April, 1901, 1.306,100 pounds. In
imports of tin plate the figures for the ten
months show a material decrease as com
pared with the Quantity Imported during
the same period of the preceding fiscal
year, being 28,009,722 pounas, as compared
with 123.59S.773 pounds for the, ten months'
period of last year.
Our total exportations of tin Dlate in
the fiscal year 1901 seem likely to be from
eight to ten times those of 1599, while the
importations of tin plate into the United
States promise to be little more than one
tenth those of 1891, the year of the largest
importation of tin plate into the United
States, and but about one-fifth of the av
erage annual importation during the five
years prior to the establishment of the tin
plate industry in the United States.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 6.— American
manufacturers of tin plate are making
rapid gains in their attempt to enter the
foreign markets of the world. To be sure,
their exports are yet small as compared
with the domestic demand which they are
meeting', but they are again reducing the
imports, which temporarily increased in
1&00 under the.exoessive demand and ex
tremely high price of 'materials, and are
at the same time Increasing their exports
in a manner which proves interesting to
those who have watched the development
of this comparatively new industry in the
United States. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Development of the New
* Industry Surprises Sta
•_ tisticians.
Rapid Gains Made by
Manufacturers in
Foreign Marts.
GREflT EXPQRT
OF TIN PLATE
EX-GERMAN CHANCELLOR
VON HOHENLOHE IS DEAD
Passing of Popular Statesman Prince Who
Did Much While Conducting Foreign Af
• fairs in Maintaining America's Friendship
A painstaking ] meteorologist has suc
ceeded < in measuring the dimensions ; of
raindrops. The largest, he states,' are one
sixth of an Inch in : diameter,- and the
smallest l-500th. , , . ; .: . -
¦-..-¦.. - ¦ . - ¦.-
Appointments by the President.
"WASHINGTON, July 6.— The following
appointments ' have-, been • made . by' the
case of Look Kee, - alias Lee Look,
charged with .the murder of Lee Wing
in; March last, failed to. agree and was
discharged. • •
Jury Fails to Agree.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— The jury In the
the Philippines and ¦ other island posses
sions will be reported to the "War Depart
ment by mall instead of by cable. General
MacArthur, under date of Manila, June 3,
reports the following deaths In the .Philip
pines:
Abscess of the liver — John A. Canlffe,
Sixth Infantry, Bacolod. Negros.
• Killed by comrade — William Cook, Sec
ond Infantry, Masbat; George F. Sensa
bough. First Infantry. Hibutan, Samar.
Peritonitis — George Goetz, Forty-seventh
Infantry, Legaspi, Luzon.
Insolation— Edward Grady, Seventh Ar
tillery, Legaspi, Luzon.
Variola—Luther E. Grider, Third Caval
ry, VIgan, Luzon; George W. Smith. Third
Cavalry, Vigan, Luzon.
Suicide— Lewis Matson, Twenty-eighth
Infantry, Pangil, Luzon.
Dysentery— William T. Morris, sergeant
band, Sixteenth Infantry. Aparri, Luzon;
George Lutz, saddler, First Cavalry, Ca
lemba, Luzon; Henry Koch, corporal,
First Battery Field Artillery, hospital No.
3, Manila; John B. Tracey, signal corps,
hospital No. 3, Manila.
Result of gunshot wounds in action-
John Haefner, corporal, Eighth Infantry,
Santa Cruz, Luzon.
Heat exhaustion— William Iltls, musi
cian. Thirty-second Company Coast Ar
tillery, First reserve hospital, Manila. .
. Drowned — Frederick W. Martin, Twenti
eth Infantry, "VIgan, Luzon; body recov
ered.
Smallpox— Edward Brewer, Third Cav
alry, Vigan, Luzon. I
Malarial fever— Bert Lewis, Forty-eighth
Infantry, San Fernando, . Luzon.
In conclusion General* MacArthur says:
"With reference to our telegram of May
21, bodies of Sergeant Walter W. Board
and Private Sheeley Moran, Troop F,
Tenth Cavalry, have been recovered."
Long Beach Bars Saloons.
LONG BEACH, July 6.— The proposition
to license two saloons at Long Beach was
snowed under to-day at the special elec
tion by the decisive vote of 96 to 269
against. „
"WASHINGTON, July 6.— Hereafter all
ordinary casualties among the troops In
CASUALTIES IN PWTT.rPPrNTES
OMAHA, July 6.-The First Methodist
Church, a house of worship frequented
by ' fashionable society, will no longer
present a. gay appearance on Sunday
morning. The board of trustees has
passed a resolution forbidding women to
.wear hats during the hour of service, de
crying gorgeous headgear as an impedi
ment in the attainment of godliness. The
congregation is . presided ; over by Dr.
Hirst, formerly a well-known divine in
Chicago, and the audience room is
crowded at every service.
Dr. Hirst has inaugurated the reform
in order that those who come for wor
ship and with no eye to the adornment of
the outer man may be spared inconveni
ence. He points out that Omaha was
the first city to dispense with women's
hats in the theater and believes It ill be
comes the church ¦ to tarry behind when
such an- advanced and commendable step
is going forward.
The formal resolutions passed by the
board recite at some length the evil
which results from competition In the
matter of raiment and conclude with the
following demand:
"The officiary of this church insist that
at all public services the women shall re
move their hats Immediately upon enter-
Ing the pews."
In thus giving the hairdresser the ad
vantage over the milliner the board be
lieves that rich and poor will be placed
on the same level.
Special • Dispatch to The Call.
New Rule in an Omaha
Church Disturbs So
ciety People.
PASTOR BARS
LADIES' HATS
After the alarm of fire had been sounded
the residents of Sausalito turned out in
large force to assist in staying the pro
gress of the flames. The marines from. the
revenue cutter McCulloch were landed,
and with chemical fire apparatus hurried
to the scene. Little could be done in sav
ing the dwelling, as the fire gained rapid
headway and soon flames had enveloped
the many tall turrets that made the struc
ture one of ¦ the ;, beautiful marks of the
town. "Water, was scarce. I The fire light
ers were* forced to . depend on - a limited
supply obtained from; a tank and a well
situated a short distance from the con
flagration.
After a time the. work of preventing the
total destruction of the building was aban
doned and attention was given. to saving
the adjacent structures. Showers of sparks
shot heavenward and alighted on roofs in
the vicinity. Many incipient flrea were ex
tinguished before they caused much dam
age. The Wirthle stables were on fire sev
eral times, but by dint of hard work were
saved.
Mrs. Wirthle. who Is an invalid, was
carried from the house and suffered so se
verely ¦: from shock that It became neces
sary to send her to San Francisoo for med
ical, attention. The other inmates of the
house, though they had retired, found time
to make their escape and save most of
their personal belongings. Most of the
costly furniture was , burned and con
tributed largely to the loss. : ¦
The loss of the residence Is regretted, as
It was: one of the prettiest, structures on
this side of the bay.. Its style of archi
tecture was peculiar and twas singularly
In- harmony with its sylvan site on thr"
hills-lde. • ¦¦¦¦•¦ -.'¦-• , . - - -
SATJSALITO, July 6. — The handsome res
idence.of W. R. Wirthle. known as "The
CasUe,"- was totally destroyed by fire
shortly after 10 o'clock Friday evening.
The flames originated in the upper story
and in less than one hour from the time
of their discovery the structure had been
reduced to a heap of ashes and glowing
coals. The only water available was drawn
from a well and was utilized in saving the
stables and buildings adjacent to the burn-
Ing residence. The loss will be heavy and
will probably amount to $50,000.
FINE RESIDENCE
NOW IN ASHES
Many Structures in
Danger.
Sausalito Blaze Places
Prince Von Hohenlohe was reluctant to
take up the reins, but .the Emperor
pressed- him to' continue his services to
the state which he had rendered as Em
bassador at the great courts of Europe,
and as statthalter of Alsace-Lorraine. He
continued to carry out his imperial mas
ter's policy till the advancing burden of
years made it evident that he -was un
able to cope with the obstructive tactics
pursued by . the Government's opponents
in the Reichstag and 'Prussian Parlia
ment and he retired last October in favor
of Count Von Bulow. His appointment to
the chief office in the German ; Empire
marked a complete fusion of the south
German states with Prussia. Born in 1819,
he was four years younger than Bis
marck. He was a second son, but by
virtue of a contract with his elder broth
er, the Duke of Ratibor, he succeeded in
1846 to the titles and honors of the head
of the family. Few houses can boast of
such ancestral dignities or such a long
descent even in Germany. The Hohen
lohes came into prominence as early as
the twelfth century and have retained
immense estates in various parts" of the
fatherland. By his marrriage with the
Princess Marie de Savn-Wlttgenstein
great possessions came to him In Russia,
but the law forbade foreigners to hold
real estate in the Czar's dominions and
these lands had to be given up.
Chlodwig Carl Victor von Hohenlohe-
Schilling-sfurst, Prince of Ratibor, be
come Chancellor of the German Empire.
That was in 1894, when General Von Cap
rlvl, who had found the chancellorship a
thorny > and unpleasant position in suc
cession to Bismarck, was glad to escape
from thej constant opposition he met with
from the Agrarian and other political
parties."
WASHINGTON, July 6.— The Presi
dent's proclamation opening to settlement
the newly ceded Indian lands in Okla
homa Territory will be made public in
the newspapers of 'Monday morning-.
There is a vast area of the lands, and
thousands of people have been waiting
upon the borders for months in order
to be among the first ' to enter.
The opening of the - new country will
necessitate • the creation of two new land
districts and three new counties, and
they, have been established by proclama
tion of the President. ' The Land Office
for the first district is to be . located at
El Reno, In Oklahoma County, and the
second at the new town of Lawton, named
for the late general Lawton, and located
on the site of old Fort Sill. The lands
embraced In the Lawton district will be
wholly ' in the ceded country, but addi
tions will be made to the El Reno district
from both ¦ the Oklahoma City and King
fisher districts. The new counties created
are named respectively Caddo, with Ana
darko as county seat; Comanche, with
I.awton as county seat, and Klowa, with
Hobart as county seat. A portion of the
new lands" is added to counties already
established.
The President has also issued a procla
mation designating the Wichita Moun
tains, In the heart of the old Kiowa res
ervation, as a forest reserve. The lands
thus reserved cover an area of 58,000 acres
and are covered with timber and under
growth. The proclamation and the papers
issued with them are prepared by Judge
Vandeventer, Assistant Attorney Gen
eral. •
THOUSANDS WAITING
* TO ENTER NEW LANDS
The • board of trustees assembled later
to decide upon the city for the next con
vention, which is to be held in 1903. A big
delegation presented the claims of St.
Louis, laying especial stress upon the ex
position rates which . will be In effect
there at that time, but as the trustees
expected to hear from other cities, nota
bly Denver, which is after the 1903 conven
tion, they left the matter in the hands of
the executive committee of the board to
decide, and no city will be chosen during
the present convention..
The Rev. M. A. Myakimi of Osaka?
Japan, secretary of the Christian En
deavor Society in that country, brought
greetings in a scroll of Japanese, which
he read in his native tongue. He then un
furled a magnificent black Japanese ban
ner, which he presented to the convention
as a token from his countrymen. The
Kev. George H. Hubbard of China fol
lowed with greetings, from the Celestial
empire, 'as alsd did the Rev. Alfred G.
Grandler of Canada, and the Rev. William.
D. Marsh of Adelaide, Australia, wifh
words of'cheer and encouragement from
their provinces. >v . ".
.The climax of the meeting was reached
near its conclusion, when Bishop Fal
lows, as chairman, arose to announce
President Clark <fc deliver to the conven
tion his annual address. President Clark
was deeply affected by the evident, affec
tion of his hearers. Secretary Willis Baer
of Boston read his report.
Willis Baer, Secretary, of . the International
Society of , Christian Endeavor, Cincinnati:
Upon the assembling . of the- International
Christian Endeavor Society this evening 1 please
extend to those present my tordial greetings
and best wishes for the success of the session*.
I regret that It will be impossible for me to
be With you on this occasion.
CINCINNATI, July 6.— Amid the strains
of stirring music and in the brilliancy of
thousands'of electric lights, with an audi
ence that numbered many thousands, the
1 twentieth annual convention of the Chris
tian Endeavor Society was formally open
ed in Music Hall here to-night by Presi
dent Francis C. Clark' of Boston. The
programme, which had been prepared for
three simultaneous meetings in the three
auditoriums, was modified by consolidat
ing- two. meetings and curtailing the pro-
I gramme of speeches. /
I After his greetings, President Clark re-
I linquished the gavel to Bishop Samuel
Fallows of Chicago, who 'presided
throughout the meeting. Secretary's of
State Louis C. Laylin of Columbus wel
comed the delegates to the Buckeye State
for Governor Nash, whose physician ad
vised against his coming. ¦ The following
telegram was . received- .from l^resident
McKinley at Canton: ¦ ,
Auspicious Opening of >. the
Big Convention in Cin
. cinnati.
Message From President
to the Christian En
deavor ers.
M'KINLEY SENDS
THEM GREETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
15
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST.
24 Post St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
¦Write for 80-page catalogue (Xree>. - • .
COGSWELL'S
POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE.
Corner 26th and Folaom s«ts.. San Francisco.
Courses of study to fit young men for posi-
tions as carpenters, pattern-makers, foundry-
men, machinists, draughtsmen, surveyors and
steam engineers. Open to any graduate of the
grammar schools or equivalent course. A ONE
TEAR BUSINESS COURSE, with stenography
and typewriting, for youn* men and women
over 16 years of age. DOMESTIC SCIENCE
COURSES, with instruction In sewing, cook-
ery, dressmaking, millinery, home nursing. In-
valid cookery, etc. NORMAL. COURSES to
prepare students ns teachers of domestio
science and manual training.
NO TUITIOX except a fee of flva dollars per
half year to cover cost of materials and break-
TERMOPEXS JULT 29. 1901.
Office now open for applications.
Send for catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHAXK. M. S.. President
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas.; seminary course accredited to tha
Universities: rare opportunities offered in mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term • opens Aug. 7. 1901. . 'Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Prea.. Mills College
P. P.. Cal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and Ml NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Snn Frnnclsco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Inland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith and "Wellesley colleges..
Reopens August 12, 1501.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCRKDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THR HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
• SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
1 Military DrllL Christmas . Term Begins
August 14th. ¦
REV.C. HITCHCOCK Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduate*.
105 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC N INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 2128 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. Th<»
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
TT. MATTHEW'S MiLITARY~SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
August 15. 1901. For catalogue and illustrate'!
circular address Rev. WIL.LIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master. "
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
302 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged b7
official reporters, "best teachers, best system.",
Co'lefe SaVRefael for Young Lwdies.
Conducted by the Sisters of St. Dominie.
Opens August 1. 1901. Full college course or
studies. Modern building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and healthfulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, Collega Saa Ra-
fael. Saa Rafael, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wholesome Advice
For Peopls Whose Stomachs Are
Weak and Digestion Poop.
Dr. Harlandscn, whose opinion in dis-
eases is worthy of attention, says when a
man or woman comes to me complaining
of indigestion, loss of appetite, sour stom-
ach, belching, sour watery rising, head-
aches, sleeplessness, lack of ambition and
a general run down nervous condition I
advise them to- take after each meal one
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, al-
lcwing the tablet to dissolve In the mouth,
and thus mingle with the food eaten. The
result is that the food is speedily digested
before it has time to sour and ferment.
These tablets will digest the food any-
way, whether the stomach wants to or
not, because they contain harmless di-
gestive principles, vegetable essences,
pepsin and Golden Seal, which supply
just what the weak stomach lacks.
I have advised the tablets with gTeat
success, both in curing Indigestion and to
build up the tissues, increasing flesh In
' thin, nervous patients, whose real trouble
was dyspepsia, and as soon as the stom-
sch was put to rig-hts they did not know
what sickness was.
A fifty cent package of Stuart's Dyspep-
ela Tablets can be bought at any drug
store, and as they. are not a secret patent
medicine, they can be used as often as
desired, with full assurance that they
contain nothing harmful in the slightest
degree: on the contrary, any one whose
stomach is at all deranged will find great
benefit from the use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. They -will cure any form of
stomach weakness or disease except can-
cer of the stomach.
"JOO ~
Second=Hand
Ca^h Registers
At From $5.00 Upward.
EASY PAYMENTS. -
NATIONAL, HALLWOOD,
LAMSON and oth— <*-
I. Freeman, JSjfV
1327-1329 (&t£uL I
Market St., J^&IaiJ'd -
Sen Francisco. !
The best Whiskey mads in Scotland
ANDREW USHER
0. V. G.
AND /
SPECIAL RESERVE
Te be eitaise* tfc* WerlS em e.' Vint
XlKfctstl Hi Suit n
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.. sak fbahcisco
Pacific coast agents
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF XETV
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.,
?300. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections € n and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished bx the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, Dald up
in Cash J400.000 CO
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by Company $tOS9,17» 00
Cash In Coronany"* Office 3,368 30
Cash fn Banks 100.S27 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks antf Ijoans 2,235 S3
Prenslumi in du« Course of Collec-
tion 2£:.1«88
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on loEsee already paid.. S0.933 01
Total Asset* $1,47&,229 12
LIABILITIES.
loesses adjusted and unpaid $E3,E53 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
la Suspense 44,890 41
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,842 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less $7«3,2€9 69:
reinsurance 50 per cent 881,634 85
Gross premiums on Klre Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3S5,-
432 55; reinsurance pro rata 222 720 64
All other Liabilities 6L878 24
Total TJabUitiea $766,020 57
INCOME- ~
Net cart actually received for Flr« •
premiunTs $941,687 (3
. Heceived for Interest on Bonds and
Mort^apes 755 17
Received for Jnterent and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources <L»E« 72
Total Income J3S4.403 F2
EXPENDITURES. '
IC<?t amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $64,740 05, losses of pre-
vious year*) $694,234 11
Paid or aJlowed for Commission or
Brokerage 195.664 30
Pai-i for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 63,204 21
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 29,088 46
All other payments and expendi-
tures 64,530 16
Total Expenditures $1,036,719 34
FlreJ
Lpcb^s Incurred during 1 the year S664.825 10
Rirks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
>.>t amount of Risks
written during the
year $180.1C3,8« $1,380,488 77
Net amount of Risks
aspired during the . •
year 165,8S4,972 1,205,13*79
Nft amount In force
December 51, 1900 149.664.207 1.148.702 U
GEO. S. A. TOUNO. Pre«t.
WALTER S. ALLEY,' Becy.
Subset. t>ed and eworn to before me, this 6th
day of xVbruary, 150L
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACif ic coasTdepartment,
323 California Street, S.F.
THOS. J. C0NR0Y, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mr.
BALFOUa, COTERIE A CO Directors.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ok ' 1061 1U2ZXT ST. tat. 6tl47th, S.F.Cil.
,,C^^ ¦ » ¦ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
— rtafcs*^. ' W° r| d- - Weaknesses or any contracted
fl Bftg Q disease positively cared by the oldest
JTBJH I Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years.
fifXfJ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
IhBI Consultation free and strictly prirate.
1 XSaLB Treatment personally or by letter. -A
¦ fl" >« Sj Potitnt Curt in eyery case undertaken, j .
9 U lift Write for Book. PHHLOHOPBV of
1 '¦ 1~ ¦ARRIA6E. ! MAILED FREE. ( A
£ /' {} >¦' >alu»bte book for an) '.'¦, ,; . , -• ,
JDB. JORDAN A CO.; 1051 Market 3t.. S. P.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perfect Health
Is within the reach of almost every
woman. The weakness, nervousness
and irritability from which so many
women suffer is in general due to dis-
ease of the delicate womanly organism.
When the disease is cured the general
health is re-established.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
makes weak women, strong and sick
women well. It promotes regularity,
dries disagreeable and enfeebling drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. When these
diseases are cured, headache, backache,
nervousness and weakness are cured also.
"Iwas very weak and nervous when I com-
menced takin? Dr. Pieree's favorite Prescrip-
tion and 'Golden Medical Discovery,' about a
year ago," writes Mrs. M.-E. Everetts, of 89
Oxford Street, Woodstock, Ont. «I had been
suffering for seven long months, and had taken
medicine from a physician all the time, but it
seemed to make me feel much worse. My
stomach was so bad (so my doctor told me), and
my nerves were in such a state that I would
start at the least noise. I felt irritable at all
times ; was not able to do any of my own house-
work; had to keep help all the time. How I
suffered God and myself alone know. I was
greatly discouraged when I commenced taking
your, medicines, but the first bottle seemed to
help me. I took five bottles of ' Favorite Pre-
scription,' two of 'Golden Medical Discovery,'
also two vials of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
I can highly recommend these medicines to all
who suffer as I did. I never, had better health
than I now enjoy, and it is all owing to Dr.
Pierce's medicines."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 oneK:ent , stamps to \ pay
expense . of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierc«, Buffalo, N..Y.
I >• Friedman's Furniture"' J
I 5o ? ooo visitors ™?z£ I
I comfortable. Folding Beds help a lot. Those I
S3 combined with writing desks and bookcases run B
1 up to $i io; they're beautiful, too. This one, full |
I double size is made for comfort and service. Hard j]
I wood, golden finish; woven wire mattress $13.50 |
I A chance to freshen up odd places about the house- 1
IS '^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ I -4 -*-"% /"""V I y—^-i -3 -4*^^ fi
H have pieces large enough |
I for bathroom, entry, pantry or small kitchen 35 c. I
. H Bring Measurements With You. ?-
1 "The Credit House." Six Stories High. t.
> gf 233-235-237 gftM Goods Marked in PUm Ti<we» Private Exchange B
I Post Street %^> "' ' ¦ ¦¦¦¦ mi 1 ¦miiwTiTriftiig^ 37 fj
¦ mi ¦>¦! iim. Wll f#
5^5S?^ * ' * " ADVERTISEMENTS. «S^?|5S'
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
Can Have It Free and Be x Strong
and Vigorous for Life.:
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
¦ U-W. KNAPP, M. D.
How any man may quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
years of suffering from eexual weakness, lost me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. .etc.. and en- a^rZ°" f,!" n l™" M t JS w hai > py , I^* m -" '* ' " i
larre .mall, weak organs to full size and vigor, ReSltY wer7 exactly *«SitT$g£&*$l£*&
Simply eend your name and address to Dr. L. and vigor have completely returned anil %t>
W. Knapp. 1373 Hull building,. Detroit. Mich., largemlnt is entirely^ wtis factory" ' "'•;¦?";
and he will gladly eenduhe free receipt with "Dear Sir— Tours wa« »«iv«ia^ ; T v»j * •
hl » gene ™ 8jty l • •' : ' -.¦...-¦¦" All correspondence' is: strictly confidential,
"Dear Sir— Please accept my, sincere thanks mailed In plain, sealed envelope.' The receipt
for yours of recent date. I have given • your is free for the asking and he wants every man
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has to have It. > , «v,m»QProstrated by News— Son Is
Camping'.
MBS. LE CONTE NOT TOLD
OF HER HUSBAND'S DEATH
Is Lying HI at Home— Daughter
According to Professor Davidson, Le
Conte had for come little while been fail-
Ing fast physically.. His weak physical
condition, however, in no way affected his
splendid mind.
"In mind he was as young as the young
est," said Davidson. "He could not real
ize that he was no longer a young man.
The trip to the valley was too hard for
him. He never should have gone."
"His home life was a beautiful one. His
wife and he were devoted to one another
and his children adored him."
his father,' Joe used to say. The confi
dence of his pupils was one of the dearest
things in life to him.
• "Kind as he was in thought and to oth
ers." continued Davidson, "just so kind
were they to him. I have never known a
solitary person to say one word against
Joe. • •
Continued from Page Thirteen.
VENERABLE SCIENTIST PASSES AM
Continued From Page Thirteen.
EDUCATOR OFWOflLO-WIQE FAME
land. Year- after year he visited- the Yo
semite and in the spirit of research and
a deep underlying reverence for nature in
its most beautiful manifestations he
would spend his vacation in this locality.
He knew every stone and tree of the val
ley. His last vacation was passed among
them.
Professor Joseph N. Le Conte had lent
the luster of his great name to the Uni
versity of California and to the whole Pa
cific Coast for the last thirty-two years.
His fame was worldwide and all science
and letters everywhere claimed proprie
torship in him. '
The Father a Scientist.
The distinguished naturalist and philos
opher responded to a call from the nas
cent State University, • then located in
Oakland, in 1868. at the age of, 46 years.
With him came his brother, John Le
Conte. the great physicist and chemist,
at- a later period president of the univer
sity. . . • . ,
The Le Contes.wcre Georgians by. birth.
Their father, Louis L© Conte, settled in
I4b'erty Countv in . 1810. He there mar
ried Anne Quaterman, a young lady of
Puritan descent; On the plantation In
Liberty r County four sons and " three
daughters were born to the couple. Jo
seph .was born ¦ February 26, \1823. * His
mother died when he was but a boy, and
the father devoted himself to .the rearing
of .the family of children. Professor Le
Conte was wont to speak of. his father
with the most passionate affection. Loui3
Le. Conte,. though burdened with the con
duct of a large estate, was devoted, to an
aVpfcatlon much more '. congenial his
taste— rthat of tho study of natural
science, i He possessed on • his plantation
the finest botanical garden- ln America
and had a chemical laboratory fitted up
ln his'hou8e. He Imbued his sons with
his own love of nature, and. to the trafn-
with 'tender 'regrets; many encouragements,
mingled with earnest entreaties to take care of
myself, and to keep out of draughts and 'damp
while sleeping on the bare ground in the open
air; many half suppressed tears, concealed be
neath bright smiles. I left my home and dear
ones this morning. Surely I must have a heroic
and dangerous air about me, for my little baby
boy shrinks from my rough flannel shirt and
broad-brimmed- hat, - as did the baby son of
Hector from his brazen corslet, and beamy
helm and nodding plume. I snatch a kiss and
hurry away to our place of rendezvous.
3. Myself — long and lean and lantern-jawed,
and in search of romantic adventure, I was
sometimes called, by Llndennan, but very sec
retly. Don Quixote. I accept the nickname with
pleasure perhaps with pride. I have a great
respect for the old Don. There was nothing re
markable about my- horse. 'A strong, tough,
well-made gray, both gentle and careful, he
was admirably suited for my purposes. My
function ln the party was that of surgeon and
scientific lecturer.
This is the description ' given by the
writer of the- big trees In the Mariposa
grove at Wawona, then known as Clarks
Big Tree Station: . i
My first Impression of the big trees was
somewhat disappointing, but, as I passed from
one to another; as. with upturned face I
looked along; their straight polished shafts,
towering to the height of 300 feet; as I climbed
up the Bides of the prostrate trunks and
stepped from end to end, as I rode around the
standing trees and into their enormous hollows;
as we rode through the hollows of some of
these prostrate trunks, and even chased one
another on horseback through these enormous,
hollow cylinders, a sense of their Immensity
grew upon me. If they stood by themselves
on a plain, they would be more Immediately
striking. But they are giants among giants.
Th« whole forest Is filled with magnificent
treeo, sugar pines,- yellow pines and spruce,
eight to ten feet ln diameter and 200 to 250 feet
high. The sugar pine, especially, Is a magnifi
cent tree in size, height and symmetry of form.
Of all the big trees of this grove, and, there
fore of all the trees I hava ever seen, the
Grizzly Giant Impressed me most profoundly;
not, indeed, by its tallness or Its symmetry,
but by the hugeness of Its cylindrical trunk,
and by a certain gnarled grandeur, a fibrous,
sinewy strength which seems to defy time it
self. The others; with • their smooth, straight
tapering shafts, towering to the height of 300
feet, seemed to me a type of youthful vigor
and beauty, in the plenitude of power and
success. But this, with its large, rough
knobbed, battered trunk, more than thirty feet
in diameter — with top broken off and decayed
at the height of 150 feet— with Its great limbs,
six to eight feet ln diameter, twisted and
broken— seemed to me the type of a great life,
decaying, but still strong and self-reliant. Per
haps .my own bald head and grizzled locks—
my.. own top. with its decaying . foliage — made
me sympathize with this grizzled giant; but I
found the Captain (Professor Frank Boule), too,
standing with cap in hand, and gazing ln
silent, bareheaded reverence upon the grand
old tree. t
Here is the 'description written by Pro
fessor Le Conte of his first view of the
Yosemlte Valley, in which he was to die
thirty-one years later:
. With increasing enthusiasm we pushed on
until, about 6 p. m., we reached and climbed
Sentinel Dome. This point is four thousand
five hundred feet above the Yosemlte Valley
and eight thousand five hundred feet above
the sea. The- view which here burst upon
us of the valley and the Sierras it is simply
impossible to describe. Sentinel Dome stands
on the south margin of Yosemite, near the
point where it branches Into three canyons.
To the left stands El Capltan's massive, per
pendicular wall; directly In front, and dis
tant about one mile. Yosemlte Palls, like a
gauzy veil, rippling and waving with a slow,
mazy motion; to the right the- mighty granite
mass of Half Dome lifts Itself in solitary
grandeur, defying the efforts of the climber;
to. the extreme right, and a little behind.
Nevada Falls, with the Cap of Liberty: in the
distance. Innumerable peaks of the high Sier
ras, conspicuous among which are Clouds
Rest. Mount Starr King. Cathedral Peak. etc.
We ¦ remained on the top of this dome more
than an hour, to see the sunset. ¦ We were
well repaid— such a sunset I never saw: such
a sunset, combined with such a view. I have
never Imagined. The gorpeous golden and
crimson in the west, and tiie exquisitely deli
cate, diffused rosebloom tinging the cloud
caps of tho Sierras ln the east, and the
shadows of the grand peaks and domes slow
ly creeping ud the valley! I can never for
get the Impression. "We remained, enjoying
this scene, too long to think of going to Gla
cier Point this evening. We therefore put this
off until morning and returned on our trail
about one and a half miles to a beautiful
green meadow (Hawkins had chosen it on his
way to Sentinel Dome) and there made camp
in a grove of magnificent ipruce trees.
? . • •
SUXDAT. July 31.
I got up at peep of day this morning (I am
dlshwash to-day), roused the party, started the
fire and in ten minutes tea was ready. All
partook heartily of this delicious beverage and
started on foot to see the sun rise from Glacier
Point. This point Is about one and a half miles
from our camp, about 3200 feet above the valley
and forms the salient angle on the south side.
Just where the valley divides into three. We
had to descend about 800 feet to reach it. W"»
arrived just before sunrise. Sunrise from Gla
cier Point I No one can appreciate It who has
not seen it. It "was our good fortune to hava
an exceedingly beautiful sunrise. Rosy-fin
gered Aurora revealed herself to us, her vo
taries, mor© bright and charming and rosy than
ever before. But the great charm was the
view of the valley and surrounding peaks in
the fresh, cool morning hours and in the rosy
light of the rising win; the bright, warm light
on the mountain tops and the cool shade in
the valley. The shadow of the grand Half
Dome stretches clear across the valley, while
Its own "bald, awful head" glitters ln the
early sunlight. To the right Vernal and N««
vada falls, with their magnificent overhanging
peaks In full view; while directly across see
the ever-rippling, ever-swaying, gauzy veil of
the Yosemlte Fall, reaching from top to bot
tom of the opposite cliff, two thousand six hun
dred feet.
Below, at a depth of S200 feet, the bottom of
the valley lies like a garden. Th«r«. rlerht under
our noses are the hotels, the orchards, the fields,
the meadows (near one of these, Hawkins, even
now, select* our future camp)— the forest and
through all the Merced River winds its appar
ently lazy serpentine way. Yonder^ up the
Tenaya Canyon, nestling close under the
shadows of Half Dome, lies Mirror Lake, fast
asleep, her polished black surface, not yet rip
pled by the rising wind. I have heard and read
much of this wonderful valley, but I can truly
say. I had never Imagined the grandeur of the
reality.
. After breakfast -we returned to Glacier Point
The book opens with a little description
of the start and later a description. of the
entire party. ¦ The description of the
author by h.lmsel£ shows the kindly.', hu
morous . nature of the dead . scientist. : j It
- .. . ' July 21, 1870.
. Amid many kind and cheering worda, mingled
1 To while away my Idle moments in camp,
and to preserve some souvenir of the party,
of the incidents ¦ and of the scenery, I jotted
down, from time to time, i these wayside notes.
• .. : : . ¦ .; ¦¦'.-¦ JOSEPH LE CONTE.
• About a week before the end of tne first ses
sion of tha University of California several
young men, students of the university. Invited
me to join them in a camping party for the
Yosemlte and the high Sierras. The party was
to go in- regular pioneer style, cooking their
own provisions and sleeping under the open
sky whenever a convenient place was found;
each man was to bestride his own horse, carry
his own bedding behind his saddle, and his
clothing, with exception of one change of un
derwear, on his back. Tills was, it la true, a
little rougher and harder than anything I had
ever undertaken, but still I was fond of ad
venture and longed * to enjoy the glories of
Yosemlte and the beauties of tho Sierras, and,
more than all, to study mountain structure and
mountain sculpture as exhibited there . on a
magnificent scale. I therefore at once accepted
the offer. The party was forthwith organized,
ten in number. , Mr. Hawkins, who understood
something 'of mountain life, was commissioned
to buy the necessary supplies I and the general
outfit, such as camp utensils, pack horses and
pack saddles, and have all in readiness that
we might start the very first day after com
mencement. ... . . ;
After his return from his first trip Into
the Yosemite Valley Professor Le Conte
wrote up his journal- and it was printed
for private distribution in 1875, five years
after the party went into the valley.. This
book contains many little bits that show
the character of the great scholar and
supplies some description of the very
place where he died that will have partic
ular interest under the circumstances.
This work contains his^flrst impressions
of the place he last gazed upon. >
This is the preface to the work, de
scribing how the party started: •
OAKLAND, July, 6.— Professor Joseph
Le Conte made his first trip to the . Yo
semite Valley in 1S70. He became an en
thusiast upon that wonderland, and it
seems almost fate that he should have
met his death in a place that he loved so
well. Despite his great age Professor Le
Conte always took all of the trails and
made, trips that younger, men would not
attempt. ;
pressed Scientist Upon His
First Visit.
Marvels of Yosemite as They Im-
LE CONTE'S DESCRIPTION \
OF VALLEY WHERE HE DIED
"The Agency of the Gulf Stream in the For
mation of the Peninsula of Florida ; On the
Correlation of Vital Force with Chemical and
Physical Forces"; "On the Phenomena of
Binocular Vision"; "A Theory of the Forma
tion of the Great Features of the Earth s bur
face"; "On Some of the Ancient Glaciers of
the Sierras"; "On the Great Lava Flood of
the Northwest." and "On the Structure and
Age of th« Cascade fountains." •
It was as a lecturer in the crowded
Berkeley classroom, however, that Pro
fessor Le Conte made his greatest repu
tation. His was the learning of the sa
vant with the. diction of the poet.
His Varied Work.
Since his coming to the University of
California Dr. Le Conte had held the post
of professor of geology and natural nis
tory, a chair which embraced zoology
and oven botany. In the last few years
he had given -way to specialists in the
several departments, Professor Lawson as
suming the work In geology. Professor
Ritter in zoology • and Professor Setcnell
.in botany. .-.V^3j^*-.:-v4£'"..-; • A . .
Professor L*e Conte's; work hau branched
inta other lines." He was a literary man,
a Shakespearean scholar .and a philoso
pher. Professor Howison of the chair in
philosophy once said: "However well
known Dr. Le Conte will be in future as
a scientist, he will be even better known
as a philosopher."
He took an able part several years ago
ln the famous discussion .before the
Berkeley Philosophical Union. . Professor
Josiah Royce of Harvard led the debate
and Professors Howison, Mezes and Le
Conte followed in a brilliant discussion.
In 1891 and 1S92 he took a leave of ab
sence from the university and attended
conventions in the East and ln Europe.
He was elected president of the American
Society for the Advancement of Science
and one of the vice presidents of the In
ternational Geological Conference.
He went on a second trip in 1S99 and
visited many European friends, attending
conventions and conferences in England
and France.
His Pacific Coast connections were nu
merous, - including Important positions in
the California Academy of Sciences and
the Geological Society of America.
Dr. Le Conte's work recently had .been
more in philosophical lines— in general
izing geology. His last contribution of
Importance to geological science was a
paper prepared for the Geological Society
of America, in which he > recognized the
Sierran epoch in the Quaternary, naming
that long prc-glacial period In that age.
His recent college work consisted in giv
ing 'special courses along lines in which
he was most interested. After giving up
his heavy lecture work in geology . and
zoology some six years ago, he devoted
himself to lecturing on evolution, binocu
lar vision, genesis of ore deposits, theo
ries of Jiountain building and quaternary
geology.
His last public appearances were on
March 23, the university charter day,
when he spoke at the presentation of Re
gent Hallidie's picture, and last May in
commencement week, when he was chosen
to give the annual oration before the Phi
Beta Kappa society.
To the affectionate students at Berke
ley he has been knbwn for thirty years
as "Professor Joe." His charming per
sonality and infectious enthusiasm for
his high calling endeared him to all who
were privileged to come within the sphere
of his influence. ; , ,
Dr. Le Cdtite was a singularly fruitful
and fascinating thinker along lines of
speculative and popular philosophy, no
less than in the technique of his own spe
cialties. He was the author of several
volumes, which remain classics ln the
universities of both hemispheres. _'
He published his textbook on the Ele
ments of Geology" in 1S78. "The Mutual
Relations of Religion and Science, a
monograph which spread his fame
throughout the civilized world. ap
peared two years earlier.
"Sight" was issued in 1S81 and "A Com
pend of Geology" in 18S4. Other works
of his which appeared from time to time
are the following:
Known as "Professor Joe."
Dr. Le Conte's place in scholarship and
letters is unique. For profundity of re
search, coupled with luminous power or
exposition, he was without a peer in the
University of- California and ¦ had few
equals in the history of thought. Learned
societies of all nationalities heaped hon
ors upon him and he was sought as a lec
turer at the greatest European centers of
education when abroad.
. In 1851 the professor was drawn by the
great name of Agassiz to visit Harvard
College, and once within the spell of that
famous teacher he abandoned all further
thought of life as a practitioner and de
voted-himself to the stuGy of natural his
tory. Later in the same year he accepted
a call to the chair of natural science In
Oglethorpe University, and in 1852 be
came professor of geology and> natural
history in his alma mater, where he lec
tured with increasing renown until 1S5*?,
when he was called to the headship of the
same department in the South Carolina
College at Columbia an institution whose
strong literary atmosphere possessed a
great attraction for him. -
At the outbreak of the civil war the
college was disbanded. ' ¦ ,
Dr. Le Conte entered the service of the
Confederate Government . as chemical ex
pert, retaining that position till the close
of the war.
In 1866 he assisted in reorganixing the
college at Columbia, remaining there two
years till the call from California opened
the way to the position which he has over
since filled with such eminent success.
ing; of"- those early years Is due the amaz
ing scope. of the scientific research of the
brothers John and Joseph in later years.
Joseph Le Conte was graduated from
the University of Georgia ln 1845. Among
his classmates' he was* known botli as a'
poet and naturalist, though his specialty
was medicine. . . • ¦ .-...-
For five years :he practiced as a physi
cian In Macon, Ga.
Dr. Le Conte was married in January,
1847. to Caroline E., daughter of Alfred M.
Nisbet of Georgia.- They had five chil
dren, of whom four are grown up and sur
vive him.' \". ' ' " • ' i. . . •¦'
* Spell of Agassiz Upon Him-
8 p. m. — After supper went again alon» Into
the meadow, to enjoy the moonlljjht view. Tha
moon Is long risen and **near her highest noon."
but not yet visible ln this deep valley, although
I am sitting on the extreme northern side.
Cathedral Rock and the snowy Veil of- tha
Bride and the -whole right side of th#> canyon
Js ln deep shade, and Its serried margins Btronat
ly relieved against the bright moonlit sky. On
the other side are the cliffs of El Capltan, snow
white ln the moonlight. Above all arched tha
deep, black sky. studded with star* gazlns
quietly downward. Here, under the black arch-
Ing sky and before the grand cliffs of Yosemite.
I lifted my heart- ln humble worship to th<»
Great God of Nature. Yes. but also of Grace.
At 3 p. m.— "Went again alona to the lower
side of the meadow and sat down before the.
gate of the valley. From this point I looked
directly through the gate and up the valley.
There, again, rlslnjr to the very sklas, stands
the huge inass of £3 Cjipltan on tha one stda
and on the other the towering peak of the
Cathedral, with the Veiled Bride retiring: a lit
tle back from the too ardent graze of admira
tion: then the cliffs of Youemlte, growing nar
rower and lower on each side beyond.
About 11 a. m. we took s> quiet swim to th^
river: for we think a clean skin Is next in
Importance to a pure heart. Durina: the rest
of the -mornir.ff I sat and enjoyed the flno
view of the opening or jnte of the T >- e £»
from the lower sida of the meadow. There
stands the grand old El Capltan in massiva
majesty on the left, and the Cathedral Roolc
and the Veiled Bride on the right. I "Pf n t
the mornin? with this scene before me. White
sitting here 1 again took out my llttla sew
ing case and darned my pants, a little broken
by my experiments ln sliding:, da- before yes
terday. Clod bless the dear, thoughtful on»
who provided me with this necessary article;
God bless the little flngrers which arranged
these needles and wound so neatly the thread.
May God's choicest blessings rest upon the
dear ones at home. May he. the infinite ipve.
keej> them ln health and happiness until I
return. Surely, absence from home Is some
times necessary to make us feel the price
less value of lovlns hearts.
There is considerable breeze to-day: and
now. while I write, the Bride's Veil is waft
ed from side to side, and sometimes lifted
until I can almost see the blushing face oc
the Bride herself— the beautiful spirit of th«
falls. But whoa© bride? I» It old El Capi
tan? Strength and grandeur united wlta
¦;rae« and beauty! Fitting union- But I. too.
thank God, have a bride— nay. much mow
and better— a. tried and faithful wife.
Here is the story of the following Sun
day, spent on the floor of the valley, told
in the most charming vein of the'dellgbt
ful old man:
»nr! ««nt the whole of the beautiful Sunday
vawninz chasms and magnincent xaus. wut
LJld we do better than *«ow these to preach
to us» 'Was there ever so venerable, majestic,
and eloquent a minister of natural I «Urto« «
the yrand-old Half Dome?. I w. 11^ 6^ "P 3 "^ ;
from the rest of the party and drank to his
silent teachings for several hour »- 1 f" ";
I climbed Sentinel Dome, and enjoyed asraln
tfie matchless panoramic view from this point,
and about 2 p. m. returned to camp.
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
PROFESSOR JOSEPH LE CONTE
DIES IN YOSEMITE VALLEY
Continued on Page- Twenty-Pive.
PROFESSOR JOSEPH LE CONTE
DIES IN THE YOSEMITE VALLEY
"He loved all young people," said Da
vidson, "and he delighted to be In their
company and to be able to • help them.
Many a time he has told me how some
great big fellow, whose name and even
face he had forgotten, had stopped "him
and, recalling to his memory who he was,
had told him of his life and his ambi
tions and bis alms, 'just as though I were
There was something Infinitely tender
and touching in the way Davidson spoke
of his old friend. He had countless anec
dotes to tell of the dead man's full and
useful life, and they were all anecdotes
that proved his universal kindness and
chivalrous nature. . . _ .
"His life was pure; his ideas were pure.
He was thoroughly religious, and while
believing in evolution he tried to reconcile
scientific evolution with the doctrines of
the Bible." -
"He was a model for young men." con
tinued Professor Davidson. "He had only
one falling— he never wanted to say 'no.*
He was never known to say evil of any
man. He was always kind, and no matter
how much evil was reported of a man, he
would still believe there must be some
good streak in him.
"He was a supreme man. made to Im
part knowledge. As Agassiz said 'I am a
teacher,* so may it be said of Le Conte,
•He was made to impart knowledge, not
only to the young, but to the old as
¦well.* " That is the tribute Davidson paid
to his old friend last evening. In these
few words the scientist summed up his
regard and admiration for his old friend.
California, and that office brought the in
terests of the iwo teachers in close con
tact. Then in '98 Davidson was offered
and accepted the chair of geography in
the University of California, and so closer
still became i'ie friendship of the two
prreat old men, who were thereby thrown
constantly together.
President Wheeler will suspend ¦ exer
cises in the summer school for a day. A'
commemorative service is to be planned
for some university meeting early In the
fall.
No . funeral ... arrangements •• have been
made as yet; as communication between
here and the Yosemlte has been broken
during the afternoon. "-.:«„- •• ¦; ' ' ; *¦
Joseph N. Le Conte, who is on his "hon
eymoon in the Sierras, cannot be reached'
for five. days. He is camping withhis wife
several days* . journey from Millwood,
Fresno County. '.
' Another daughter, Mrs. Furman,- lives
in Milledgreville, Ga. .. . ¦ • ;- ... • ..
BERKELEY, July 6.— The news of the
death of Professor Le Conte has not been,
broken to Mrs. Le Conte, -who was taken
sick and prevented ' from 'accompanying
her husband into the Yosemlte last week,
and who Is still very ill. Miss Caroline Le
Conte has been told of her father's death
and Is prostrated by the news. . . • \
16
$5.00-A MONTH==$5.00
For. all diseases, medicines free, until cured, to all who appln to Dps. Shores hefore Julg 14th, to
prove to the public of San Francisco and Ylcinltu that Drs. Shores & Shores' treatment Top catarrh"
and all forms of nervous and chronic diseases ls superior to all others.
$5.00«This Week Only==$5,00
This low rate of $3 a month for all diseases, medicines free. Is LIMITED strictly to those who apply this weelc It ls made by
Drs. Shores & Phoree for the distinct purpose of demonstrating to the public that "the Dra. Shores' treatment" for DEAFVESS CA-
TARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES Is the MOST EFFECTIVE treatment in America to-day. Under this special offer ALL WHO APPT V
THIS WEEK will be treated until 'PERMANENTLY CURED for the ONE fee of $5 a month. NO OTHER CHARGE OR EXPENSE
me $5.OO=-Apply Any Day This Week- $5.OO
This special offer goes into effect AT ONCE and holds good everyday this week up to Saturday night at 8 o'clock July IS to ALL
who apply. If you are a sufferer from CATARRH or ANY COMPLICATED NERVOUS OR CHRONIC DISEASE and want to' be cured
for the lowest price ever before made by established specialists, come to Drs. Shores AT ONCE and be cured for $3. Stop EXPERI-
MENTING with inexperienced doctors. Dra. Shores offer each week voluntary TESTIMONIALS from SAX FRANCISCO PEOPLE as to
• their skill and methods as expert physicians and specialists. REMEMBER, under thia special offer TOI T GET DRS SHOHF^ vpr
TJLAR ?10 A MONTH TREATMENT FOR J5. Do not delay, but come to Drs. Shores & Shores AT OXCE and take "advantage of thl-
grand test treatment offer and Be cured for the low. fee of $5 a month. AJ1 treatment and medicines furnished absolutely frea.
• .COME TO-DAY, COMB MONDAY. COMB ANY DAY THIS WEEK. CONSULTATION FREE FOR ANY DISEASE. ;
f_- Catarrhal Contagion * T^x.
fH^ One Month's Treatment Now J§P^^**\
V lil Better Than Three Months' /J \
ISm at ann Other Season. . Mp* -*» -*~*- ).\
St Ifflnm There is catarrhal contagion ln every dloud R^wS^Bi? fe^P*^ \f
mMM' °' dus t that blows in your face. Not only ca- r?ii/'"**^«2r I&S>\ \
& Wot tarrh, but often the deadly jrerma of con- Mtf %£*«PJg& V^Z- >
IBp^S sumption, ¦which find fertils soil in the in- /iw 's^f&5* *|
flamed membranes of ¦ the head, nose and . |lit& "*'"**' Jr J I
& ff throat of catarrhal sufferers. Dr. Shore*' W y '. / _^_\ ,v8 I
Jfn cew treatment, administered with their new WV/pi /^*§P l 'k\ W-l ?
• 4 Instrument, thoroughly cleanses the nose and *nWii't, f * \ W^i
k& • throat with mild but effective antiseptic . X]«/"// -4-aa. W I
yj ¦ * washes, and vitalized, soothing balms and jFwVltl 0^^* 1^^* \ i I
// healing oils. All sense of stuffiness- and . lari "S^S^* J f
/ 1 that tired, congested feeling quickly re- " iwsjrvi'! A
¦\ / I moved. There la no more hawking and spit- .^jvTNki <r**.iir ¦
Sl>- j(/ A tln «f a"** strangling: from foul mucoua accu- " 4j^VtW^yh/&&l}]fi8L
/ S K mulations. no £oul breath, but a clear, whole- ' ¦U 1 '! 1 ' •'^**'$VK.
A^^^^^Wy^ m. some> in^leoratlng feeling along the entire <^^^^^^6^^V^/ £^
JfX, ¦WJ^^' y Ok respiratory tract. It is just as proper to ' fyyZ^^S^^^^^^^Sr jE$Sg&^
/|^' clean out the alr Paiges a3 it Is to wash / W$&£W^]V^MaM**
1*^*. the face. If you neglect catarrh you soon "^^^S^M^^S^W^
\\\« \v— «¦*»;••— -j^ have stomach trouble, liver trouble, kidney *
| j trouble, catarrhal deafness, and. perhaps, that «a j(!£\\')i}!P'jFa**
deadly disease, consumption. If. you apply
FRANK DEVTTT. ' before July 14 you will be treated until cured ' _ „
' for the low fee of *5 a month. No other "WTLLIAir B. BRTAX.
112% Grant avenue, San Francisco, Cal. charge or expense in any case. All medicines LOST HFARIVC PFCrnorn at on vrmr
furnished free. CONSULTATION FREE TO VO1 ntMl '™ KtSIUKED AT 80 YEARS. |
Mr. Devltt says: ALL. William Evermont Bryan. MS Padflo ave-
"I am a native of France. I came to this - sue, Alameda. Cal.. an old resident. s«lt»- "I
country thirteen years ago. By occupation I All ni^iF^A 7^ »^TL Uv 1^ ln e same blocte twenty years 'and
.» .; •'-. , * .., HLiLt LfiOL.rlOL.Ot' m an old resident of Alameda I am in ™S
am a journeyman tailor 'and work at • 116 eightieth year. Previous to^iy res^en?e™n
Montgomery street, this city. I have been a ) DRS. SHORES & SHORES not only Cure Alameda I was twenty years a fanner and
great sufferer from catarrh of the head, throat Catarrh and Stomach Troubles, but they Cure «. w time I™ 3 the largest farmer In Sac
. T^ .^^ \. Nervous Diseases, Kidney Diseases, Bladder ""w™ county. ¦
and stomach. I have consulted many doctors Troubles, Heart Diseases, Diseases of the The last ten years 1 have tended to my
and so-called specialists for my trouble, but Stomach and Bowels, Piles. Fistula and Rec- J°" and l° o «ed after my place ln Alameda. I
*^\r. ««.<,»Tv,» n t am ™» nn =-~,^ r n f=^t t tal Diseases, Female Complaints. Diseases of lost mv Hearing in my right ear about on»
their treatment did me no good. In fact. I Women and children. Rickets. Spinal a f fso. 1 was totally deaf ln thatear. so
became greatly reduced and feared I never Troubles. Skin Diseases, Deafness. Asthma, ,£ could not hear a thing out of It. Th«
would 'become well again. My nose would Bronchial «^««^S^b£SSSrES^ «^%^X < SS5^^^£^ k -?l^
stop up so at night it Interfered much with my Rheumatism. Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria, J rr i 1^^™ 611 * flve ago. I have doc-
sleep and I became very nervous. I lost my Eye and Ear Diseases, Gcitre (or Big Neck). ;? r ™ wltn other doctors for my deafness but
appetite and • strength. This was my con- La -Grippe, Lost Manhood, etc.. Blood Dis- .*l r * I ? a * men ' dld ™ e no S°od whatever,
dition when I came to Drs. Shores & Shores SSSSS. Thi^f cTr!
just one month ago. I can truthfully sav ab i e from Drs. Shores I felt my lost hearlnir rl!
I>rs. Shores' treatment and medicines helped DRS. SHORES TAKE NO INCURABLE L 1 ?" 1 '"^ and now, after six weeks of Dra
me from the start. My appetite ls good; my CASES. Diseases that have baffled the skill 5, res treatment. lean hear my watch tick
nervousness is gone and I sleep good now. cf other Doctors and . Specialists and stub- ?. 1 *" n^''' tTO ™ * he deaf ear. and It ls get-
The catarrh in my head is much Improved and S^/^^Vtmen^^ln c/Z^T/e "VM "e^ema ,n my nos. .„*
I feel much better in every way. £ feel that qulckly subdue d and mastered by these noted face is °"»ch better, my head whi^f
in a short time Drs. Shores' treatment will Doctors. Prices and terms within the reach 8t °PPed up. is now c>«ar. and I 'breathe eood
entirely cure me, and I heartly recommend of all. Everybody who has a symptom of through my nose. s u
Drs. Shores to all in need of medical aid, for dlscaseshould consult these noted Specialists } l l eart , 1 1 ly , I>rs. Sho-es &
they have dene wonders for me. • e^ TO w N h^Vr r^u°t^ e A^at E m X e^o I ?^7 * * ° f «»«««*
* "(Signed) FRANK DEVITT, any disease. APPLY ANY DAY THIS "WILLIAM EVEIUIOVT t»t»t-*v
"112% Grant avenue, San Francisco. Cal." WEEK. . "546 Pacific avenue. *Alameda/c^l -
nANOFI? SIGNALS Of the Ears. ;;Are your spirit, low at tlmm*"
L»nnUL.I^_OlVJnnU,O. Catarrh extends from the throat along the • 1?° you have - rumbling' In the bowels—
Aches and Pains Are the Danger '^f S*t£ ?Vv^ e n tf To« hlfe'St^I
Signals That YOU Are Sick and little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment. oc them ****¦ I>r- Shores now and b« curei
. & __ , _ , , "Is your hearing falling T'
Need Treatment. . "Do your ears discharge?" f.- ., .
Read the following symptoms over carefully, '[Is the wax drying In your ears?" ' W tH6 Stomach,
m^rk those you feel In your case, and send or rt> , D %. you hear better some days than Catarrh of the Stomach is usually cam,*! >,„
yo^wnXr 0 ?£ Sre'Siil'MS Ct Vi %°- taring worse when you have a S^^t^ 3 .T 1^^^^^
The Head and Throat. - reparably destroyed. Drs. Shores can cure "Do you belch up gas?"
This form of catarrh is most common— re- you " !! Are you constipated?"
suiting from, neglected colds— quickly .cured • . 'Kidnev IMsease ..i^ your l oneue coatedr* ¦
with little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treat- -nauaey xnsease. . r>o you bloat up after eattnsr*
ment '¦ ' Results in two ways, by taking cold and by Is there constant bad taste ln the mniit**"
"Is your nose stopped up?" i overworking the kidneys in separating from T^£l ow ls the time to be permanently r»rs.>
"Does your nose discharge?" the blood the catarrhal poisons which affect ""• Shores are curing hundreds everv wiTS*
"Is your nose sore and tender?" - : '.' : all organs. Quickly cured with little cost by • . "* we «K-
"Is there pain in front of head?" Drs. Shores' famous treatment. "
"Do you hawk to clear the throatr* "Do your hands and feet swell?" Symptoms of Diseases of ?>«» -M-^.,,
"Is your throat dry ln the morning?" "Is It noticed more at night?" t - rL hm , ° wae * OI zae Serves.
"Do you sleep with your mouth open?" "Is there rain In the small of the back?" v_ 1 |} *. maJ °, rt ty of nervous diseases are caused
You can be easily cured now— don't let It run "Has the perspiration a bad odor?" ? y »? s0 " s . m the blood. Poison circulating ln
into complications. "Is. there pufflness under the eyes?" !^!x J 1 *™ 38 * 8 the brain and nerves, and
v .. Do you . taw t(> get up often at nlghtr . such symptoms as these follow:
T! The Bronchial Tubes." "Is there a deposit in urine If left stand- Do J oxx &* 1 irtddy?
fh^lSp^^toVe 1^^"^ d °-Id Di S ea S eknilngyou._Cureitnow. Ar^^ou^nv^^V i
after a while attacks the lungs Quickly cured Liver Disease D™your ha^ds tr^mbhT? ;
with little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treat- iiiver disease. Does yoar hwrtflSr'
ment. ' / The liver Is affected by catarrhal poisons Are- you easllv Irritatwi-
"Have you a cough?" extending from -the stomach into the ducts of Are you alwavs k?Ttm,;?
"Do you take cola easily?" Sj the liver. Quickly cured with little cost by Do^your muscles twltrt" )
"Have you pain in the side?" Drs. Shores* famous treatment. ° y if your te^Mr^itlhi^
. "Dd you raise frothy materials V ,. ... "Do you get dizzy V Surer from^p.t£^,, Jf . •»
"Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?" v "Have you cold feet?" - Are vou^.fiv M^h31tT2» ¦.
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?" "Do you feel miserable?" Kj "."?„ f I*f f htP ? e<i ¦ SS»B(S
•Don't risk neglecting these warnings-stop "Do you get tired easy?" E^ vou^uff^f^m ?„*•"? 7°?*
the disease before it reaches the lungs., ; "Do. you have hot flushes?" gg ££ gavl horrlgteSmsV
$5.00— ONE PRICE FOR ALL— $o.OO, ... HOME TR FAT ifiFNT No ofle deprived o j
In treating with Drs. . Shores you know just what you have to pay. Drs Shores do ctT . ">Wil»UU the beneflta of Dra.
not charge J5 for Catarrh and J20 for Kidney Disease or other trouble. They will treat vou fn°res treatment because of living at a dls-
for all your ailments, no matter how many, for »5 per month, all medicines Included Now «^ Ce V?" 1 the offlce - The same wonderful
understand. $5 a month ls all you have to pay for expert treatment. ""aea. r.ow andunirorm success attending the treatment
; , - . . « ors. Shores Jn their offices ls found in thetr
DRS. SHORES 6r SHORES. iSSS^JH
;SPEdlALISTS, iKliS^^
¦¦CSSTffi' .HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKEr ST. JJS»iS*a » SSJTSSSSrC^^
u. i- nooo. . COMSULTATIOH PRI^tS 5S£
ADVERTISEIIENTS. ' . _ _ ¦ .
! SK ?.r Great July dearance : Sale. 1
To-morrow begins the second week of one of the most phenomenal sales in our history. There has been
SZ no busier store in San Francisco for the past week than this one. The sales so far; lead all previous records,
~- The GREAT VALUES are the result of our determination to make a. quick disposal of all ODDS AND ENDS -o
•= AND SPRING AND SUMMER STOCK. Again fqVthis week we have prepareda list of bargains unapproach-
SH able in every respect, and which we declare to be genuine record breakers." ' .; ;, . ¦ _^
% ofl£?i. Black Grenadines and Taf ieta Silks. Enormous Wash Goods Sales. 3
y To-morrow will show nales records such &¦ have seldom been Last week's wash sroods sales • have made this section the
vnom-ti—^ven here We want to make this the blraeet bargraln talk of the city. Great Inducements were backed up by sterl- — o»
m event. We have determined to clear out every yard of All t Ing Qualities. To-morrow's prices are even. lower and prepar- -"•
jp: gjj k Mohair Grenadines, no matter what the former cost. atlona are made for another week of treat wash goods selling. , ZS
~~ Embraced ln the lots to be cleared la a great va- f* mr pi iiu npiCC I IUCU 35 pieces . Sheer. Grass Linen, the "TJ
fc riety of All Silk Grenadine. 44 Inches wide, la ex- Ukft !.» ' * onfto « K' ni t"'.. . j kind so much used for dresses and rS
cuislte striped effect*, Grenadines that sold up to & *J\J WOlih 9^(1 Yard I5C Yard " walBtB - the 25 ° QU«»»ty. l^C
2= now for S2.U 75 and tl 60 a yard. Tour choice \ "Ul III i. JU I 0IU, I Jb IOIU. Clearance prlce Tard IOC
»\ nfi CRCMAMNP *3Qp Yard The sreateBt of Grenadine bar- IDICU niMITIF? '"• We have selected another big: lot ""2
•^ SliUU bncNAUInL IZZ laiU. gams, fully ZS Inches wide, of |HI5n UIMilltO, , ot . Irlsh Dimities and Lawns. -^%
**~ Ensrlish manufacture, absolutely fast black dye, to petty VVfirth 9(10 ?fiH IIP. QP YflTft prettier styles than even those — •
-Sfc: •tripes: was cold originally at $1 a yard. Clearance QQ C IIUHIUUU CIIU IJUj 01* I01U. o ff er ed last week. The quality is ~m.
—*- price Yard -*«V ** the finest, very cheer, in choice selected designs in stripes, dots
n-i iunu Dl Ipir TICCCTHC Extra heavy and very lustrous and scrolls, ln blues. Dinks, lavender, rreen, red and Ckf -^
Z/'lnun OLAlllv lAirtl^O, Black Swiss Taffeta, fully 27 black and white. Clearance Drlce .'. ,.:.,.Tird wv z^S
?£Z WprP ? I 10 ffir 7^l» Yard lnches wide * for « re8^,P ur - WnUPITY VVHITF RHfin^ A great variety in 6 to 15 yard -^
•= neie 101 IOC UIU, or petticoats: 7Q C BUftUl WnlltpJUUd, lengths; all th^ T handsomest styles
¦>- worth $1 10. Clearance price Yard * CFW Wnrfh 35(1 YaTO 19C Y2 Tfl ln w hite Lace, Striped Dimities — r*
2C- OC IUPU OI tnv TICCCTAC A rrand bargraln: nothing bet- iiwiiu www • uiw t iwu iuiui and Jjawns |ln open work> hem-
. OO'lnUil DLALiK lArrCIAO, ter made; when these are gone stitched and embroidered effects, the choicest fabrics for dresses __*,
*T~ Wara Cl t,(\ fnr tl ftQ YarH you'll have to pay »160 a yard or shirt waists; were 35o yard. Clearance price |Q/> -^
ZZ «cre^l.0U,IUr*liU3 laiUi f 0rt hem. A beautiful, rich and Yard IV^ "^
S^ heavy Taffeta, 1 88 Inches wide, to b« closed out. Clear- C|«» UPRPPRI7Fn PHAMRRAY A special ofterlngr of the finest lm-
ZZ am* price Tard <I>1 - MCnbCniLCU bnARIDnAI, p Orted Mercerized Chambray, 32 Z2
gT" TC« Dl 10V T*CCCT» C/n Varrl If you are looking. for a low VVOrth BCD I STQ. 35CY2Td inches wide, a silky finished cloth — a
SH IOC OLALK I ArrtIA 04C TaiO. priced but good wearing Taf- nUUHULli IOIUi UOU I OIU. of the hlKneBt order> for tne finest ~T1
*— feta. then you most ccme here and choose this one. of a lus- waists. In the soarce colorings of Oxblood, Light Blue, Pink -4*
SZI troui finish: fast black dye, fine quality; Impossible to PL/Lc and Gray: every yard worth Mo - Clearan c«> P rIce *\C\C 12
g- «upUcat« \uider 75c Clearance price ......Yard Wiw Yard OUV :S
i Great Clearing of Ladies' Suits, Dress Skirts, Silk & Wash Waists %
eZZ R»fluctlon« eharp clear and unprecedented are now ln full forca here. Last week was the busiest week we ever knew ln -""•
•*• thli department because the values were the btggrest on record. A*aln for this week, these extraordinarily arreat attractions.
ZZ and. no matter what th« loss will be. every garment has been reduced regardless of original cost or value, to be disposed of at' once. — ¦•
M FINE CLOTH SKIRTS $6.50. Worth $10 GREAT REDUCTION IN WHITE WAISTS. $25 AND $22.50 SUITS FOR $12.50 '=3
•S- Oomparlson will convince you that they »n fg Itin tK WIICTC CflQ The greatest of all Suit bargains; hand- 3[
fc arTSe g^test ; values In this city for $/i *0 AWU $9 WAIolo rUK wme lot of styles; all beautifully tailored
mZ the money; made of all-wool Cheviot, in . ' 5 nd handsomely cut skirts, made of the «— ».
¦W- Tan. Gray and Black, percaline lined, with JtDjL^. s±f\ finest imported fabric. In Tan, Brown, ¦ TS
TgZ deep graduated fiounce, nicely stitched, and ' ,B-'SnwJW C "' -3 7 y iJ?*? y - Red an<J Black : regular $26 00 — m
•— the black ones are trimmed with Taffeta StffT. 'VW% jffm tff "'^. and $22 60 values - Sa le P rl °e tCIO&o ~S
S: Bilk bands; a perfect hanging Cft.5« Jf9&^J a &^\ \ ' «L.# € • Sult ***
•£. ekirt. to close at Eacn wr ft*^-^? 1*^^-0^ CRCAT CHIT D«DP*IMC -^
g Oi«p <*w y^^d^r vnlhi bUII dAKoAINS.
•^~ Qlf V flDCCC CVIDTO IT till C *IR KfJ '!> / s\. \~9^ " e don't propose to carry a single gar- -^p
S*~ ulLK UnfcOO oMnlO Al HALl 'V J Jp\^Jy ">v ment over Into next season, no matter at
£X u/ nff u ( on nri 7^— *a >^v>\^!!L-^-^>. what loss— It's against our policy. We — «o
C JL -*. ? . «v ? I- k .« rfkZk A^*Mrf&c£\ tf*^ made our profit early in the
£= ot * Particularly the great bargains ln /VvWSv A^V^ffW^^ f®&m) 8eason a nd can n ° w affo" 1
Z£Z TVomen s Dress Skirts— they are money- . /^""y^CySVvvV •* • \'JM l^m. to take a loss —•
aavlng offers of the first order. Accom- - ///ft'^fcr' T.vW *". 'J&J* St'/Hk* ****
s^ '&\ uon sketched on / ltf^i>AWL. ./."V^vsMa . i?rv Tailor-Mace =^5
m p Th e r- skiru 7 m&^M:;&m " ; P\\ suits $7.50. 3
¦ES ->*\ # are made of good / i\H ,fKy y \\yj\\ • • . *• W\\\\ r» A I • -•
lit. \, heavy Taffeta. A IW%euiZ%jSj\ fy \«** •* ' .R I / \°i/\ I Handsome tailored suits. ;*•
fc }f*S''lf<? the utest * on IX^'f V^SiSnF/Jl V*-i,* ////// "V^lI ln all-wool Cheviots, in Zm
IP£W\\ shape. fashion- \}>-(a V^7?^Kn»«k'U ffiV I *5f\ Navy, Brown and Grays. — • ¦
S^: \£*2\A\. "My trimmed VC&V \^/ 7jW',\\Iw I >J \ The latest up-to-date styles. ~^»
5^ *• Wf// 1 »ith rows of |^5< F£MlW$7'JA VJ& ' I -I? \ Silk-lined Jacket with vel-
lfc ~ 0^\y ruffles and with KiT, 71 I \ vet collar f and the latest — ~
y* • Y \ One cluster tuck* YuV^^ \f v3nM Aa nr 'I \ ¦ seven-gore • flounce skirt. -^>
•w_ / ill around. The W/*Y \f r< \.SjJ 0 < 1OO / 1 Regular $16 50 suits. To —wj
I greatest skirt . v^V i * * * J _ . / tl close, 'your choice, suit 1
I largain of the . w ta«ll I |\ ' ' *^?
imZ I \ year at . M 0B t extraordinary ehlrt waist value of / V\ (f*™7 Tfl
«^- I \ the season. Great mark-down sale of our / ' l\ \ I nil *"*
•?- 1 \ AfA p-a fl Q e White Lawn $7 00. $6 00 and $5 00 . yL^ ill I nl 1 1 Z2&
•w- / \ O 1 !!" Cfi Waists for $3 85 each. The fads. of the /^^»--<rVWk 11/ I IUU =35
2CT J V, \ I |_ hll season, ln BatUte and fine White Lawn, / / ST Jhw^K I Z^
•fc- rffi, ,-r,<T^S^ ((lIBlllll front composed of fine tucks, lace and em- <~C][ ' *v\ ¦¦
E S^®^ y ' IU class, to. :z:: .... E ach 5)t$_ , HIGH-CLASS SILK WAISTS. ,3
S — «k cur MnRFFN PFTTirnAK S? Q>i Were SI5, $13.50 an1 $12.50, for r =l
Sz tR AIM <«; CHIT WlKTQ*t9-QR FiPH * 3 ilL wunctii rti iiuumio viiio A great O pp QrtunItr for pur . rtft cn ZS
ZZ VO A»U v3 OlLK VTAIOlCr^Z.SO CAUd -y^ have been offering some great bar- chasing 'some of the finest VUiDU T*
<^- The largest waist business ever done ln rains In Ladies' Petticoats _ of , late, but - waists at a big sacrifice. They ijjO _ . Iff
S_ this city naturally means many broken this is the best one yet.- An- odd lot which are the prettiest 6hovrn this sea- " lrw *•"! — «.-
lines of fine garments, and these we must accumulated from our big sales; made of son; ln handsome effects, with chiffon Ti
close out at once. This season's styles of the most expensive, extra fine Silk Moreen. fronts and embroidered designs, very swell;
lt^ fine Taffeta Silk, ln hemstitching and velvet bound, with deep corded flounce. In made of Peau de Sole and Taffeta Silk; "TJ
JT~ tucking, fine fitting waists, ln the beet all the fashionable colorings; our regular ln shades of Light Blue. Pink, Red, Green,
fc colorings; that were $6 00 and CO-98 $5 00 underskirts. To close...... <£Q.95 Old Roee, White' and Black. To CrQ- 5(> ""*•
¦»- ts oo. For Each tp Jm ; Each *{*¦*» . close at «J5O
% A Tremendous Sale of White Blankets. §
r- The most successful Blanket Sale we ever Inaugurated, and there ls good . reason for It. We made a grand cash purchase of r-2
2T 1200 pairs finest grades ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, from one of the leading California -Woolen Mills- at a-, big loss to the *U
manufacturer. Because they were slightly imperfect he w?b willing to take the loss, and now we are enabled to offer you- by far —3
•- the GREATEST BLANKET VALUES of the year and they will be sold at the ratio of about (iOc ON THE DOLLAR. *;¦
?4.50 Blankets, ?2.88 Pair. $6.00 Blankets, S3.95 Pair. SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES ~>
SZ 10-4 White Blankets, soft and heavy 11-4 All-wool White Blankets, extra heavy r-diwinn fmm ?»,« ™« » „ . , t^
E $*** fl^rSA a 5rSS^.:SK$3±5 an^nLM^^
a?-r r,r» t>1ot,Vo+o WOK Polr ' 6<x90.... 39c each . 63x90 42e each
S5.OO Blankets, S3.20 Pair.- ?7.5O Blarikets, ?4-95 Pair. 72x90... 49c each 8ix90.»..55c each IS
10-4 extra heavy, all-wool White Blan- Very line S^'heaVJ 1B 2 d °f e 2 4Sx3 « u Pillow Cases, worth 12^c
£ SS^w^flSTV^ll^ Case, worth „,*. 3
S= ?3-5O and $4-50 Table Sets *or Turkish Towels, 16 2-3c Each. S 1. 5 O Comforters, SI. 18. =S
SZ ?L95 Each. • • - Extra, heavy Turlclsli Towels^ in These are grand valu'ei Large size Com- =3t
S= A big eale here Monday ln Table Sets ¦ Bd ,«f2i ll !l r3 l t a E |ch 16§C forte ". fl »ed with white cotton and «"- Z2
ST- that are actually worth $3 60 and $4 M lar 2ic values at ........Eacn **<**' ered with pretty silkoline. nice fl> 1.18 =3
¦^— each. They come with Napkins to match. L>inen Huck Towels, 24c Eacn. patterns, for Each «J> 1 ~^»
linen elz es I *?* 2*,i ar * l L : , t i 1 . n 75 doz. extra large size German Hem- Marseilles Quilts, SI. 95. '
E SS^S^SSE *MM «-li'24c «;.»«.' il 1 2
«^- v Price Eacn "^ ¦** large Marseilles Quilts, nice pat- Cj»5 — •»
rwn pytra 9PFPi7l RUrrnRFSS BIS CLEARANCE IN EMBROIDERIES terns - for "• ±f±: Each «i>i_ .^
TWO EHRA SPECIAL BLACK DRESS m UCES UD|ES , UNDERWEAR BARGAINS. 2
•t: bUUUi lltlfli. 85c Yokings, 49c Yard. i 35c Vests, 19c Each. .
•^ ii"' r *^ a ™.rk^G 0^ls h t 0 *beTJold e to 7 m^w Fine Lawn Tucked Yokings. with medium To clear out odd lots we offer to-morYow
«*— «««" «J BIa S^,i?22 dB tO to-morrow an<J flne tucks . clU8ter tucked. 22 to Ladies' Lisle finished White Vests, all-
g- at * Wg reaucuon. , 27 JncheB W ia e; wre 85c yard. ACkc over lace front, with silk tape drawstrings; —g
£= $1.50 Venetian, 98C Yard. Sale price Tard good value at 33c. Clearance price |O C =2
M-mch Aii-wool Black Venetian. English 10c Embroidery, 5c Yard. "•••••• •"•"••• •"••••• "oiU'pS" ¦« 3
~ make, extra hea\-y. of a very fine finish. About 2000 yards Cambric Embroidery UlSie Xiose, *SOC ±*air. —•
**— already sponged and shrunk; reg- QO/» Edges and Insertions, net patterns, I to 3 Fine quality Ladles' All-over Lace Lisle
nlar value $1 50. Sale price.. Tard wuv Inches wide; were-lOc Eale price... CTy-» Hose, fast black dye; regular price OK/> ""•
*~ r.i_ , co v , Yard "^ 35c. At Pair ZOC 'ZSS
£ *if 5! . flual Valenciennes Laces, 12/ 2 c Dozen. Children's 20c Hose, 13c Pair. 2S
S= ltv very suitable 6 for Separate sWrts or 500 dozen pretty and dainty Valenciennes' 60 dozen fas^ Black Cotton. How. fine rib-
•E- fuli suits eponged and shrunk: GOs-* Lace, neat patterns; were 20c and 1OU bed. double spies and toes, sizes 5 i Q^-, -^
worth^l 25 yirf . Cta s^le atT.Tard OOC 25c. To close, your choice.. .Dozen I to 9; worth 20c. Sale price... .Pair IOC =3»
n F^ason 14 inch**^ %§gmif jfar o\pr, tnereiore wp n
nV^ ji'yard. Clear- /yy *rtt-*£?*JPiS™''^^*^ were $1 50. Clearance US
!^ 59c Yard. country orders receive prompt attention. 98c Each. E^5
•*_. I It, .. I. . • • • ' IFRIENDS RENDER HONOR
AT GEAV^E OF PINGREE
Impressive Scenes When Remains of
the Former Governor Are Borne
to the Tomb.. •
DETROIT, Mich., July 6.— When the
strains of "Jesus, Lover of My Soul"
swelled through the Pirfgree homestead
this afternoon at the beginning of the
funeral services over Hazen S. Pingree,
former Governor of Michigan, the house
was crowded to its utmost capacity with
those who had known and loved the dead
rran. The services ••vere- held in the east
draw'rg-rocra. A Scriptural it'itimg fol-
Ictt-jiI the hymn and then the Hev. Reed
Stuart, a Unita-ian minister, and Andrew
N. Boynton, a Congregationalist, spoke on
the life and 'works of the dead statesman.
After a prayer, the singing of "Lead,
Kindly Light" ended the services.
Ihe casket was borne from the house to
a flag-draped caisson, drawn by four
hordes. Itcorted by Governor Bliss and
staff, the First Regiment of the Michigan
National Guard and the First Battalion of
the Michigan Naval Reserves, the cortege
rassed slowly down the avenue past thou
sands of members of various civic organ
izations. As the caisson rolled by eac^
otganization fell in behind, marchine to
the solemn tones of the dirge played by
the bands. The interment was at Elm
wcod Cemetery and the services there
were in charge of the Scottish. Rite Ma
sors and the G. A. R.
ROBERTS MAY SUCCEED
DAWES AS COMPTROLLER
Director of the Mint Said to Be Slated
for Another Federal
Position,
WASHINGTON, July 6.— George E.
Roberts of Iowa, Director of the Mint,
may succeed Charles G. Dawes. Comp
troller of Currency. As Dawes will re
main in office until October 1, it is neces
sary for the President to consider the
question of his successor.. It is known
that several men have already been con
sidered by Mr. McKtnley, and that one of
the first was Roberts, who is now In San
Francisco, investigating the shortage of
gold coin in the Mint there. .
Steamer Ashore. Passengers Safe.
NEW YORK. July 6.— The steamer Old
Dominion of the Joy line, on her way
from Boston to New York, ran ashore
during the thick fog early this morning
on Parsonage Point, near Rye Beach, N.
Y.. not far from the Connecticut line.
There were about 100 passengers aboard,
who were taken off safely in the ship's
boats, landing at Rye Beach. From this
place they were sent to New York by
train. The vessel lies on an even Jceel
and it Is expected that she will be floated
on the next high tide, about 2 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Hill to Rebuild a Road.
ST. PAUL. 1 July 6.— It was stated to
day at Great Northern headquarters that
President Hill will rebuild th« Spokane
Falls and Northern railroad In connec
tion with his new line into the Republic
district. Steel bridges and nils will take
the place of ¦wooden bridges. Curves and
heavy grades -will be eliminated, to make
way for the considerable volume of trafllc
which It is expected the road will handle
upon the completion of the Republic line.
General wood Not in. Danger.
HAVANA. July 6.— Governor General
Wood's physicians report that the f«ver
from which their patient Is suffering' Is
running' its usual course and that there
have been no serious developments.
Butterfield's Position TTnclianged.
NEWBURGH. N, Y.. July 6^-Tlie con
dition of General Butterrield remains
about th« same as it has been the past
week. The hot weather had a depressing
effect upon the general's health.
received a telegram to-day from Claren
don, Tex., saying: that the company's
chops, coal chutes, water tank and a large
quantity of equipment, nine cars and five
engines, at that place were destroyed by
fire this morning. The damage will reach
JlOO.OOO and is well covered by Insurance,
The origin of the fire is unknown. "Claren-'
don is 450 miles from Denver and is at
the end of the Fort Worth and Denver
City division of the Colorado and South
ern system.
Bear Ends a Sheepherder's Life.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. SL. July 6.— While
herding a floci of sheep on the range be
tween Cebollitta and Ojo San Francisco,
about thirty-five miles northwest of Albu
querque, Cerferino Jaramlllo was atacked
by a large female bear and her two cubs.
His head and body were frightfully
scratched and torn and he died wnlle be
ir.e taken to his home in Los Duranas.
lire at a-Eailroad Town in Texas
Destroys Immense Amount
of Property.
DENVER, July 6.— President Trumbull
of the Colorado and Southern Railroad
TT. A TVTT-R TVTATr-p. BTJIN
OF SHOPS AND CABS
The injunction was continued in force
and the attorney for the strikers was told
that he could file an answer or an appeal.
"We would like to know," argued the
strikers' attorney, "whether the defend
ants can talk to the men who take their
places while they are on the street."
"We will not discuss the question what
constitutes moral suasion at this time,"
replied Judge Phillips. "If I catch any of
tl^cse men picketing the workmen who go
to or from this plant I shall consider it a
physical demonstration calculated to in
timidate."
KANSAS CITY, July 6.— Judge Phillips
of the United States District Court, who
on Thursday issued an Injunction enjoin
ing the striking machinists at the River
side Iron Works from interfering with or
Irtimldatlng that company's employes, to
day defined the limit to which the strikers
cculd go in their efforts to indues men not
to take their places. /
erate Any Picketing.
Federal Judge Says He "Will Not Tol-
COTJBT ISSUES A WARNING.
President J. Schaffer of the Amalgamat
ed Association thinks, however, that the
change will not prove inimical to his as
sociation. He said there was nothing new
to be given out regarding the strike. Ask
ed as to the meeting of the advisory
board, he said:
"This Is the regular auditing time and
if I find anything of much importance I
will call the board together to consider it,
but that is all."
PITTSBURG, July 6.— The special train
carrying the employes and former officers
of the National Steel and American Steel
Hoop companies reached Pittsburg from
New York, this morning. The two con
cerns ¦which had been merged into the
Carnegie Company will take up their
headquarters in the Carnegie building on
Monday.
Considerable Interest is manifested In
manufacturing- and lalVr circles as to the
bearing the absorption of the American
Steel Hoop Company by the Carnegie
Company will have on the strike recently
ordered by the Amalgamated Association.
President Charles M. Schwab of the
United States Steel Corporation and still
a leading spirit in, the affairs of the Car
negie Steel Company, of which he for
merly was president, is opposed to organ
ized labor.
President of Amalgamated
Association Pears No
Trouble.
Labor, Discusses Con
solidation of Steel
.. _ Companies.
MAY NOT HURT
THE STRIKEBS
"Resolved, That such former employes
as are needed to fill vacancies be re-em
ployed without prejudice by the East St.
Louis roads.: provided the strike is de
clared off not later than 1:30 p. m., July 6,
190L"
"Whereas, The roads concede an in
crease of 15 cents per day to truckers and
checkers, effective July 1; and.
"Whereas, The striking 1 employes,
through their committee, have proposed to
return to work at the increase pay, pro
vided that all the men are re-employed;
"Whereas. A number of platform men
employed by the roads of Bast St. Louis
are on a strike for an increase of wages;
and.
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— The strike of freight
handlers employed in freight houses of.
roads entering East St. Louis, who went
out recently to enforce a demand for an
increase of wages, was declared off to-day,
the companies granting an advance of 15
cents a day.
Early to-day the 600 drivers employed by
the three transfer companies who struck
out of sympathy voted to return to work.
Tills disheartened the striking freight
handlers and they. too. decided to recede
from their demand for 51 60 a day for
"pickers" and ?1 50 a day for "truckers"
and accept the raise to $1 50 and $1 40 a
day respectively that would have been
given them on the 1st of July If they had
not struck. A committee of eighteen strik
ers conferred with the railroad superin
tendents, who made the following recom
mendations, which were accepted by the
strikers:
Acquiescence of Transfer
Company Drivers Brings
Peace.
Freight-Handlers in St.
Louis Call Off the
SfriVo
ACCEPT RATES
OF EMPLOYERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
LONDON, July B.^Mrs. Donalds, one of
the" -American 'ladies; who raised' the fund
when the hospital ship Main* was bought
and equipped for the use of the British in
the Boer ¦war, has' been gazetted -as an
honorary lady of grace of the Order of St.
John of- Jerusalem, . ' >i-\*
¦ELDORADO, . Kans., July: 6.— Jessie
Morrison, convicted of manslaughter in
the second degree for the murder of Mrs.'
Clara Wiley Castle on June 22, 1900, was
to-day sentenced to five years in the peni
tentiary in close confinement at hard la
bor, Miss Morrison took the sentence
calmly, > ' • , -.
•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • . , ¦ ¦ . •
Kin^ Honors an American Woman.
Five Tears for Jessie Morrison.
Mind Your Own Business, for No One
Will Mind It for You. ' . ¦
To-morrow I, P. C. Kelly, will sell from
the stock of the Brown Clothing Company
of New j York 750 all-wool men's suits,
worth $20, for 14 65 a suit. You that read
this must understand that I mind my own
business, and will therefore call your at
tention to this particular lot on account
of so-called merchants that 'want to get
rich on every garment they sell, renting
stores right next dcor, pretending to be
the Boston. They will only catch a few
unawares; and 1 am sorry for those. My
number is on the window — 773, mind you.
Look for the number. The suits I will
sell to-morrow are ; all-wool cheviot, clay
worsted, cassimere, serge— blue, black,
single or double breasted, round or square
cut. : Nobby suits, suitable for anybody,
worth $20. yet will sell 1 750 of - them for
H 65 a suit to-morrow. , No other goods
will be sold on this day. To overcome the
imitators of the clothing assignee sale of
the ¦ Boston, 773 Market • street, near
Fourth, two ' windows exhibiting -$4 65
suits. No. 773, is the Boston. No'wlndows,
no Boston. . . •
A special bill was passed by the late
Legislature making possible the parole of
life prisoners, the Youngers being the in
tended beneficiaries, ¦ Such paroles " are to
be granted on Joint action by the prison
managers and the Pardon Board, In May
ST. PAUL, July 6.— The Board of Par
dons will on Monday afternoon consider
a long- list of applications for pardons or
parole, the most important being those in
the case of James and Coleman Younger,
who were sentenced in 1876 for life for
complicity in robbery and accompanying
murders at Northfleld, Minn. ..
Minnesota Pardon Board
to Consider Case
To-Morrow.
YOUNGERS MAY
SOON BE FREE
'Twenty ¦ years later,' in 'a* - hotel at
Cannes, incidents arose which awakened
Deacon's , jealousy, and . the culmination
was a scene in Mrs. Deacon's apartments
in s which Emile Abeille was shot and
killed -by Deacon. A French . court con
victed him for homicide and he was sen
tenced-, for. one year's imprisonment on
-The 'Deacons came from one of the old
families j of France and for many years
Edward lived in > Paris. . After his mar
riage he resided at the French capital, be
ing connected with a banking firm. Mrs.
Deacon was "Miss Florence Baldwin,
daughter of. Rear :, Admiral : Charles H.
Baldwin, then considered the mo3t
wealthy, officer in. the United States navy.
The marriage' took place in New York In
1872.:- •.,;¦;¦- '. > ; \ - "
.BOSTON,.* July 6.— Edgar Parker Dea
con, member of a wealthy Boston family,
prominent • in society some years ago
and . the man 'who .was the princi
pal in' a' sensational shooting affray in
Paris, is . dead. Deacon, was- a, victim of
brain disease.' ' • ¦
DEATH REVIVES
A TRAGIC STORY
A special from Malta, six miles from
the scene of . the train robbery, says that
near there Friday night two men held up
a" herder who had charge of 100 horses,
the property, of R.-&I. Trafton, and took
away the entire band. Trafton' is trying
to organize a posse to purple these rob
bers, who, it is believed, are friends of
the train robbers trying to disorganize
other posses, or at least divert a portion
of their forces to other directions.
This second robbery has intensified tha
excitement at Malta, and the City Mar
shal has notified all persons to conceal
their money and valuables.
•ANACONDA, Mont.. June 6.— A special
to the Standard from Glasgow, the county
seat of the county in which the Great
Northern train robbery occurred, says it
is reported there that the bandits are sur
rounded in the Little Rockies. 115 miles
from Malta, by Sheriff Griffith with ten
men on the south and Under Sheriff Cane
with fifteen men on the north.
POSSE CLOSES
UPON BANDITS
The Youngers are among the best
known prisoners in the penitentiary and
the contest for their, release has been go
ing on without rest ever since their con
viction .and imprisonment. The Pardon
Board must be unanimous and the nega
tive vote of; any of the three will veto.
Bome question has been raised as to the
right of the = Chief Justice to act in this
case, he with the Governor and Attorney-
General constituting the Pardon Board
and for that reason his decision Is looked
on as the deciding one In the matter.'
the prison managers unanimously ex
pressed their approval of the suggested
paroles, and it is their action -which will
bring- the matter before the Board of Par
dons on Monday, . . . • . -
In 1S97, while on a visit here, Deacon be
came insane and was taken to an asylum.
He was 55 years of age. Mrs. Deacon and
four children survive. \ ¦:.:.-;•;'.
May 2, 1S92, and was pardoned September
20 following by President Carnot, with
many other prlsonerSj in commemoration
of the one hundredth anniversary'of the
•¦French republic.
17
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO WEAK IB
A New and Successful Method
of Restoring Weakened Phys-
ical Powers, Curing Sexual
Weakness, Nerve Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality.
The Prescription Is Sent Free to Any-
one Who Writes.
A new scientific meant of curing weaknesses
of men and diseases peculiar to the sex has
et last been discovered, and the prescription
ts being offered free to all who eend name and
address.
Dr. U. O. Llpes. 1*35 Stevenson building.
Indianapolis, Ind., is the discoverer of this
remarkable new eystem of treatment, and he
cays there Is now no difficulty In curing the
worst cases which may arise from disease* of
this nature.
The Doctor has made a long study of Sexual
Disorders and he claims to have found the
exact meflldne whlcn removes all traces of
debilitating disease from the human system,
restores the fire and buoyancy of youth, and
supplies the strength of body and nerves that
ell wish for but bo few poEsess. Impotency.
nightly emissions, varicocele. nervousness and
kindred troubles disappear In a marvelously
short space of time, while any weakened or
emaciated organs are restored In a very few
days to their natural 6lze and vigor.
When yon stop to consider the poesTMllUes
of loving and being loved as only strong, well
and happy men can be it does seem that any
eexnally weak man should no longer hesitate,
but •write at once for the receipt which costs
absolutely nothing. There are no restrictions
whatever, as Dr. Lipes Is anxious that every
afflicted man who needs It should have the
benefit of one cf his free prescriptions with-
out delay. The treatment can be nsed In the
privacy of your own home without the knowl-
<r<lg:e of even your most intimate friend or as-
Bociate.
Write to-day and learn that wnlle the re-
ceipt costs you nothing at all. it may change
j-our whole existence from one of misery to
a continuous life of pleasure and happiness.
Golf-Grip
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April 2, 1901),
NEVER TILT OR SLIP
Only to be had of
c Scientific
642 Market ot. nstrumcnts
under cnRO*;ci.E BurtotMo. CATALOGUE FRlC.
S3 Br^?9 R tS^tefik |S ni ISA Cab^^S
is B B rO «$?¥ ks E53 b 8 yj^fg
sz~*& 1* k3 a%&^ g3 flfittj 9 UnUp jffn
DR. NG TOY KBE.
J210 STOCKTON ST.,
Sen Francisco, Cal.
Has recently established
ttim Tea and Kerb Banlta-
rims in this city. All man-
ner of diseases, both exter-
nal and internal, and all
I N - manner of local diseases are
skillfully treated without
*• performing' any kind of
W op*ratioij whatever.
T Office boure-10-12 a. tn.,
2-5 p. m.. 7-8 p, m, dally.
Tel. Red 1605.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARKT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
modAl«d and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, &0c to $1 DO day;
$5 to |8 week; |X to $26 month, Fre« baths; hot
and cold water every room; nr« grates in every
room; el*v&tor runs *11 night.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIXJM. I THE EMPORIUM. ._j THE EMPORIUM. . | TffZ'ZlSBOBJJJT/L - ~ ¦
jtspfiixigza. iilll^KliiB^iSSlii nS^ssi |
IOO pahs of Lace Curtains, Uncn effects, nov- Stationary* qpHHV gllflffM^WW B» fl Op. Dnhm^t. Gh'rOB- Two c«es only lor to-morrow's selling. ThU >*
e:ty effrcti and one fin- Brussels effect, plain O3P ttOX /6C jg HH" Fifl H^WB 1 1 Sffifi Odist and Mn^HUr Toweling has « full-finished selvedge, a 18 fc
centers with border, on tfes'de, 5 4 inches 6 o sheets ,d» wove Wrlfng 8 H|L M*"* 1J " " MaSSeUr ' inches wide, c 0«ly woven and without drcs- -
by 3>£ yarc intiee, 6 different patterns, p al er, 50 Envelopes to match; |§1 WW*^ "" Jt** 4 * i VBi Has offices on meizanine floor, in SJ for lO.ers, _ hand towe i and d 1S il *
ecru and whitr, reguar.y 4*»*^ 9J9 Monday only ........ -W " "¦• Ooltf§«H Ifeslle BaZ2UU*. - **1 near fostoffic: . station j pri.es towds— and the price for. Monday, f+f* J,
I3.00 pair, Monday ori.y ... ffQ p/OC0S IOO CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE moderate. / * P" J 31 * • wm * j
57a asm the $t.UO Gioves 65c. Gtean-Up Sato. |
mm m 'V a** 'm Monday. only 'the' big store - m - . *%*% m * ¦ 3
BWMGM^S BSttM H&JfS • will se 1 these serviceable MuOUt €$U LlMBS J
Aom k ga jm m gff Glace-Kid Gloves for .^-^ /$F§y B x
Assortments of Ihe big wholesale stock ofi H. . Summer- /yX/7^^^^^^ For wom ''*' youns girh Md dli ' drCDf ° nc " V\ /7\ stf\ $
field Sr Co. are siill complete-all -si&<, latest styles, well (/.{/ . third,- one-half and even more has been deducted L]\J)\ {if I I J
<£^j and careiuZv made, and bist of all, cn'v Uttls moi*3 C/ . - from ths regular prices t3 effect a spesdjr dearance" . WRr Ur \w\ $
*S% Man half regular priG3S, ' , - women, 2 pa'ent clasps, °! thcsc cghly short lot . 3 - If ws havcn>t 7 r Jj M" d j\ $
V**y[ v - ,,,ifK f.Ao. ~mV-*-~iA^r^A size in one style we have in another. Fourorfive £pi3k M3ii /?€$ fS> \
Mh^ r~^ BB.7S—For Man's. $10.00 Suit- with fine embroidered of th= ]ots x mrn . ioned be!ow have aI1 sizcs com . f^'^Ij^J^ %
/UJ f\sF^!>- ¦ Cheviots and Cajsimeres in nobby DaCKS and CVerseam p! ete . It is the shoe chance of thc year.- :i JSi^J /7\ *
f\ f A \T^H mixtures; also plain biue and black; Sewn, StaDle COlor^. in all , .. . «,. \ r, T . „, , v; . ... \ - f- t I •
/ • \ y \ XkSL JZ£* either round or squarccut sack coat. siz^ • Der Dair 4? K ~ ¦ la ? e \ OxIoi 5 J T . !cS " B ac , k Y ™ W, patent **mj& 0 j# A J
/ f h P§XN <^?V- > ' S»i^->, per pdir. -£p£pg* leather cr kid tips, turned soles, medium and J l^&lB a^L'r' *
(*S » Ij* k*y ' v§8a95~ — Fot* M6n*S SIS •••••• narrow coin toes, regularly $ 1.50, sale price \v«/j J M^J {»
Ty \ a I ° J^^)x : % i i Uit T/ m : o 8?ylish Come earh to make sure thVweek. :..... ...... gg o f LJ *
Jk I L oJr^kr/A Worsteds ' Blue and Back s ' r g es » of vnur <;i™ and mlnr Ladies' Oxford Tics— Fne Vici kid, black or tan, A V\- C^y^ %
Vr^W L MWK\ Tw " d andChcviot Suiting many OJ^OlirSt^OmCOlOr. c - oth or k?d tops, some w:th patent leather rp^ fVk\ \^h I
\\ T3 \ 1 V /\]m]^) o f tht coat^ with tne popular military Bsdsaresd Safe. som: with kid, turned so'cs, J 2. 50 grade, on r^SjLX
\\ L iJLJl/ fflyFF shoulders;.' a'1-.pcr'ectly, tailored. „, m *y mm **r ' vmmwm . „ - sale this we-k ' Cf 97 Br 1/ W
- \\ I "*Ha>^ r Y \ ' ' To-moirow ony — 100 test Honejccmb SaiC tniS WCK 9>imJGJ \ mmmms^^*'l • •&
\\ / \ j\f\ \ ££1$ 4-S For M 7 n w s $2O s P rca1s » .. Iar 6 e s" e » » .$ l -S° y*» Ladics* Ox'ord Ties— Best quality Vici k : d, black
\\ / LL/ VJ, 1 ffi'T ° <?»&«£ Worsteds ' v ? u "' ? r ,, ce ? **"..' "V/ ¦" * .^""** or, tan, hand-turned soles, cloth or: kid tops, . X
\\ //IP 1 ' l)~ &U11S— w or s teas, 2 o dozen fM ah? whits filzA Cuvn- — m* T . T , , t 1 * • 1 v 1 *f»* v A 5
\\ I \ MU Piques, Serges and Oxford Suiting, Krt:rs, the $ 1.25 kind, at. ..,. 9B& Lous XV heels, regularly $2.50, special this week. $1.58 j
\ I / V (/ I I t^ ie cst coloring; a'so b!ue and " '__ m — - — Ladies' Oxford Tics —^Very fine Vici kid, cloth tops, kid tips, new modern toe, ff
«*S^ Iz^/n **~- ii black; stylishly designed suits of the • **f*GSS MmlitiiSffSm Louis XV heels, hand-turned soles, regularly J3.00, sale price this week..., X
I) $[ **^ lL^'Q^'^ very brst mak;. B .ttk'Merceri.-ed Sateen, ipecial, p:r yard -^ , $1a 7S •*
§31*45— For itien's - $2O.CO Ovc^oate-EnglVa Sh^'.^'ii^ii; 'ii\^U\"^y»i L^ics; Vici Kid Sho-S_A dozen smaU lots; some are lace, some are button, |
&***W cord^ Coverts afd Oxfords, collars cfsamfmateria's- or „/• •• •• - — • :;-¦;-¦¦ patent leather and k d tips, medmm and narrow com toes shoes £***» %
.,, , t £ ..*, -r . . La «„„*,' \ •; lii rn Moreens, aU co on, per yard t^at were marked regularly $1. 50 to $2. 50, cut for this week only . »#•*»* X
silk velvet, fine lmmgs; if you are going to need a new ov:rcost in the fall, tsn* r .. , „. . v .. «. t O 1.1 1 *' 1 j • v 1 X
*o u u : c-it-V-VY^'a'"c,'"'j"'""c ¦ u Ladies* Vici Kid Shoes — Lace or button, black or tan, hces and spring hsels, %
you can save $8.?C by buying now. Silk Finshei TaSera Skirt Lning, 36 inches, ,. , . , ' .. t • i_- t. •
S3 38— BOYS' Long PantS Suits— All-wool Cheviots and per yard.. :.......; .......12XC niediumand narrow com toes, regular price $ 2. 00, sale price th-s week - J
CassimcKS, either round or square cut coats, in dark brown and Sllk , Ser « M ' aU . t0 ' m > inchcs wi^P ;r • : ": • ' $1'32 J
fancy mixtures, sizes for boys 1 2 to 1 9 years of zge; ricely trimmed, well- \ ' ' ••••••••¦•. • • • OUG Ladies' Vici K:d Shoes— Tan or black, lace or button, plain cloth, silk vesting £
made suit; worth $6. 00 — that Summerfie'.d purchase enables us to sell 'at m ..-. Mm «#c<» «>#•««»»•« S or kid top, medium coin tos, regularly $2.50; sale price this week >~%
$3.98. i, „ .V ¦ ? v ., . 37.58 5
$5*98— For Boys' $1O.GO Long Pants Suits— A "BU3t Patterns and Fash' Ladics . Vici Kid and Tan WflIow Shoes— The Vici kid shoes, either tan |
. Choice fabrics, in pretty patterns; also pain b ue and light ion PttbitO ations A*O N 3W or black, lace or bu ton, cloth or kid tops, hand- turned and Goodyear welt jj
serges; round or square cut coats; sizes Jbr 12 to 19 years. on-Salo at tho ButfCf.CK extension sole, some with Louis XV heeis, some with military heels; instead J
$4,27 For B °y s> $7-5° 3"P iece Sui ' s > AU- Wool Cheviot and Cassi- Pattern Department. . of J3.50, the special sa*e price this week. .' $h98 5
meres; beautifully made up for boys I o to 1 5 years of age. DcrS^fS^SSJThtfnfib^ is°firei Misses' SiiOSS— Lace or button, cloth cr kid tops, black kid, tan Vici J
$f m 7f for Men's $3.00 All-Wcol Pants. . from cover to cover with literature that appeals and Alaska seal — X
$2a55 for Men's £5.00 Fine Worsted Pants. particuiary to women. Not enly are fashions Sizes %*A to ii, regularly gi.50, now 8StO •'
$2.28 for Men's $4.00 and $C.OO Fancy Ves^S. . «planed, but they are also illustrated in a \ r<Warlv«i-c now " """"*"""* >-O7« 5
« » « - jm# o •* C A m, ; » »u highy artistic, manner. , Th; book contains oizes 1 1 J£ to 1 3 Jfc, regu.ariy $1./ 5, now — 4r#C &
Boys' Russian Blouse Suits-Scrgc* and Cheviots; the fo^ r -^.^ lithographk p]ateg 3 Shoes-K'd top, lac= or burton, medium coin t^ regukrty - $
new shades of tan, blue, red, gray and brown— £6.00 suits, §3.42; $6. 50 voted to styl s for ladies, one to st/les for misses ,. ¥ , r • . , ,/ tn T . ,/ jL m : 1 f v,: u ' OlO «
suits, $3.98', 57.50 suits, $4.68. andchildren, aad one U the newest thngs in * l '*S> gg^ P ' \ '"''88O $
• millinery. I.i it U also described the making of : * .-
Extraordinary Sale Blue Flame OH Speoial Sale of Special Sale of $
«. *m *mt +¦* mm *» rclw. and otner dainty accessories icr mid- "* m^ --„ > - _ m^mm m *
of Handkerchiefs. Stoves $6.85. summer w er . Croquet Sets. Scotch Madras. %
Monday and ba'ance of week we p'ace on «a3e You will find among its literary pages short . rj*,. . , e v 5
300 dozen Sheer Lawn Swiss Scalloped Em- .. our. stock of stories by cee >rated authors. It also his several Two bargains for Monday only: lhls 1S a chance to get some ot tfie X
broidered Handkerchiefs — Neat, stylish k'&fc^uijgiw WicMess Blue articles on the home, ' that will ap>ed ta the j.BaH Sets— With itir-wn ih choicest and best wash materials at ¦ \^
patterns, regular 15c and 20c va!- Bttf^ -- QmrnvMsJaSb ' Flame Oil natural inclinations of womankind. TheAujutt r.j nc h mal'et?, "^ jfSrftri/'Ntf 7=1 isr less than it COSttO produce them. X
ues, Monday only, each MMI0 g*g^S.ta^=-^agfa?v Stoves — the DeJnertor can be seen and leferr.-d to on. the - ga !van : i:d wick- \ " WPP!R8 l ''f W « closed out a large importer's ?
150 dozen Sheer Laun Handkexhicfs— WcEHkuSi !^^ bc * s " mmer tab>, in the Laiirf Parior. - - et , putup ; n „ at U/tLA J "7 stock on land rmanv thousand
Trimmed in Vaenciennea lace and irserticn, %3>lli£ St ° VC that " S C*U at the . Buttenck Pattern Department hanged box, with \ MnPw '\ stock on t and (many thousand %
regularly 20c and 25c each, <J3^ }M> "lade; odores,, and inspect the latest Fashion II ustrations. f u -J directions 'or \/Oo)! I 7 X
Monday only, each M*&C WWl\\\\\\\\\\\\\ W$ smokeless,, per- Pnce of the Deir.ea'or 15c per copy. Sub- playing the H^J??/Ai(l I akout hall price, and will place the
,. . ' l*^4%^gg I* fcctly .safe— scription price fi.oo per year. game, to- mo. row hf/P4] Y\ entire lot on special sale to-morrow. X
At"'' 1 ¦ 1 ' *v£r re:u arlv fo. 50 // fyy l^ // )\ 1 I r... . L -i ,t
__„_._ ._ _ n Z^rftr -, ¦ f *?,,},- _ m -» « _ ££&** nvbnttti A\l These goods ere 32 inches wide,
I Toilet Articles i£2^ t^%£t: ' ~ • Liquor Specials. OoC wml m therc h a M rangc of coIor3j and *
For SumntSf 1 * £/iSf». • •••¦ • 9OiS5 American Club Whiskey— Reguarly $2.50 a .Ball Sets — 5- mumMI IW\\ A they have never sold less than from X
JTW :^mmmjSM «#dC. Acoa i^ecial off.ring of Ovens suitabe. for gallon, spec.al Monday only. . On 8 > n c h rnallets, 2CC to % CC a yard. Your choke %
Toilet the above Stoves or for Gas Stoves j ovens that §1*9 U ga.van.zei w:ck- J^^jJ I* 1 i ™ j «
-> Soap— are guarar.t«d perfect bakeis: ', Drmrsfc Pol ter— The best of American bot- «s, in neat J=j^ Monda 7 Only, per yard I 8£fcg % %
r«L . ___— __J~ 1*^*^ T!le Heavy Russia Iron, 13x13x14 in....£/ , 4f.Q tiing, reguarly $i.t% dcz:n, Monday.. SOc hJ"g=d box, to- . QJL*1» m m m^%9 %
HeivyTin, dou'jlelin-.d, I3xi3xi8in.,»2 OO Pabst's Bes: Malt— Rrgukry < 2. 50 rer cozen, mo: row's Epecial price . . . . \*g J f* . jj
highly H:avyRus ."a Ironlined, 15x15x19 in. $2,75 cut for Monda/ only to .... $2.25 %9 M %0 mm—^f— O.-MaMaMM X
>^^^^^^^ferf^ perfumed, ¦ — '¦ — WWii S OWfJilfl 5f* Jg
JgPlI sSJ J Bress Goods Clean-Up Sate pp^i^gll
Vli'ii" ii«r* gg *7*'' regularly mm ' wmmm mm. ' '" mi mi ' m ' mm* m ' m mrtm m m blue. b ack and *** ¦'.' X
a5cforboxof3cak r . f onM 3 n- *&„-* For Three Days—Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday- n^d, fin- y y^> .;
day only, per box. m^Sr%M r» • • l r\ '. -Vi! •'•" ¦• "• j i-i'"i- ,- nrj j <i ished ani well \y j /^^ tr
Coke Dandruff Cure-HabVndscaipto'nic... Beginning at 8 a. m.vto^ncrrow and until closing time Wednesday we shah **$,*¦%*** Jt&CT *
>. 85o place on fa'e, to close themoii*, these eisht stylish and seasonable Dress Fabric?, SOc P^^^\ *
i^^^M^^M of which we only havejeft from j) 3 to 6»o yards of each. The prices are tut little gg^ I
harm!ess skin beaut fierjir. 50o more than half their real wcr h. .. . ... samples, would te >P^ j
1^" 11 S ° aP 7£L 36-inch Navy Bhe Alpaca-Best En £ li 8 h make; lustrtu5O'T-»* 3Mnch Silk Str>td Chilie-Tfce very best qua"t/ of s:lk ml wool pair; SSor^s 7^^^%?^$ '•
n it ,. n , anis.Tviceabe; ther/guar 4o;qua t , 500 ya-dscf ;h.s at mm m IU» . in abeautitjl a sjrtmen: ot cesgns ani co or cfr.-ttj, 6ao d~*4fa^m. / price. 'mrnT'mm V ' \ At' // // ¦ JIT
Royal Tooth Powder-In regulator top can, : x.ooo.altl s.now reduced to fe»C P . .' 25C |
r "l'ui"o'i"l\'l''\ 1" ,• wrappsis. the reeular «oc quality the aoo var's lemiiri- -sTft /T* 4<*-'nch Fiench Voile ( Etaminr ) — A vry itvliih fabn'c in eight Men s Oolf 5h rti — \jY X
Good Hair Brush-Al bristle stock oHv: . B ht >; thC 4 '° Jar ' 8 Ie " im 23O hand cm 5 stairs, 35 oVs of tVs good-value 'ji.oo per -*£>_ Fne quality Ma- g
wood back Z5G , ' '. _ yrJ gooJs Kducsd t > ; ....... M £mH0 dras la latest pattsmsj each... m M% •*
Totth Brushes-Imported, fine quaky brittle. 32-ir.ch Plain Bztfste- An impartel al'-wool f«l« in a -V,« coor 46 ., nch Etarnire , f Baizes and Crepes -The "'eJlini summer weaves, „ •;-••• •••••- e " mOO
1UC t assorrm : nt,Me.lsu.t ; dfor P hated E armenf,ther F gu!ar6 3; **~f 4* in a 1 coles, regu'ar |i. S o qualhy, Vom= 550 jar s ?o be g*«*<mL Me " ' .™ { Shirts-Made of finest qnaEty J
Bath Brushes-Good ones, long handles. . quauty, 450 yards only, now marked at %& M %# closed out- now, p;r yard. . SFoG En gli:h Maaras. tie new style '#
• 25O 58-irch Check Cheviot- Al woo!, in eight stylish checks, the rghr 300 ya ds 52.:nch Black Moha> Buntinj-Vcry deskabh for under- P g^ baomi^weJpatteint^^. UU X
Vio'et Ammonia — For toi'.et and bath. .25C f>b.-c for a narty bicyc e or outing su't or skiit. regularly jf?fPjrt 8 ""' and bathing suits, rigulir Jl.co qua it.-, cut to g2*Pmm> mm Ti ' N , > '*. . " X
l/Ec'atanU F£CS Powdsr-A pure rice p owl **-75 >»««• 375 r«Js row marked, per yard. ........ O«9& :....:.............;. %2m&& . NCtiOFIS GhOapm J
A.r, in a 1 tints, per box 25o ' ~ ; = '—, — Lirge Cube Pin?, 100 count, each So x
-mm, m*' - - : j«Wfc " » Stwing Machine Oil, bottle". . ; 80 "2
• lFiME?&&% & MR*G- 8j9£&E+M9£*W^ S&BQSil B$BB8%<& Half-Sleeve,", m,de from rubber c!oth, pair. ... %
Grocery Specials a vaa suem* cj> lureae £#&§,& €MMM%M n(M8f&* ......._._._... 250 s
For Monday Only. ¦ A large, complete and very handsome new stock to select from. We quote b:low a few of our low prices. ThS'"^^^?^^-'^ ' fcS S
•*, * Evrry ons ot these are extra good values:- ¦ ' ,' -" . v var( j, .pco- 7«^#s x
Co'fee-Thefamou.YelocrosJ.va.ndMocha, ff™^. 'V KT..^S4..^ % ' Br^ whitVanVco'^ -pS^ |
regularly 30c a lb, to-morrow 20o VLwS&rpCMS. •¦ :J FUmttUre. IOO '
Oysters — Best Cove Ojr.ew, regularly ioc tin, Tapestry Brussels - Extra good q< •'ity, heavy »nd durah'e, worth 90: Golden Finish Be J ro:m Suh -Con isting or" Be 1 , Bureau and Wash- Curing Irons, each Bo X
to-morrow, 3 tim 24-O per yard, special this w«k B5O « Briers to match. - stand, harJ- wood, dr sr haj a tevel platj mirror, worth J20 oo," So!t Ruibar Hair Curers ('atest), set. .23O «*
Laundry Soap-Proctor & GambVs well-JiW Wj | tcn Velvet Qrpeti- An excellent quaMty, good, heav,, durable £«P<^al. . . . .. *. . Vi'Sf^ ...$14-53 Dr. HeUenJ Shou'der Braces, -prevent stoop- j
Lenox Soap, to-morrow only, 9 ra-s... 25 D . . «. u # 1 -i • nn G«n leman » 5h3V.ng St:nd — With an ova'.-shaae o!ct: m'rr.r, w»rth ing shoulders, each 5QO %
Pink Be a n:-ChoicequaUty,re 6 u!ar:y 7 ,b,,or . . . .^0^39C J8. 5 o, speca- . . . .1 . S SO La ies' Fme Quality Safn Crded B-Jts, each... J
25c, to-mcTTOW 10 lbs .... ..... 25O A1I-w ° o1 , (n S « in Ca-pet— Reversible, . I yard wide, nobby and effective Tabourette^Golden Oa*<, Mahogany Tnsi and BIrdseye Map'e . . 50O J
r .'«„». rru m k,,i n Vni „ rl • desisn?, worth 8 ec per yard, special price...../. ,¦.,...... 6 9o TabourHtj, lancy sha ed tip, worth $i. 50, spec'al price. . .$1.00 Ladles* . New Shape Patent Ltather Bel'i, «
-1" w^a-t L «nen Warp MUti^-Handle p'tems .nd colorings, worth 30 0 Ing B 8 d, .„ Goiden Fin'sh_W th aSr/nch /ate mi.ror, extra each. . 2 5o \
* e 5 ' , 2*E! j -i I or S 0011 <l ulll ty o doable tprm-s, arranged so tha: t e spr n-s ran be Hookon Hose Su-porterr, pa r 25O -X
a 5 M ...£5G per yard, speca'. price. ...........;.....• Im t^ne I if necessary, worrh $22.50, speca! pries $17.59 Shell and A infer ti !e Combs, nsw sha^rs, {J
Bird Seed— Mixed or nVn, best quality, re?u- LinoleumJ— Go!, extra quaky, Persiin and ti'e effect?, worth 6 oc. per So!iJ 0 k Sid:b)ard— W.th a French pate mrrcr, double diawrr top, pair 25C "5
lariy 6c lb, Monday 6 lbs ....25o fqu«« yard, special prcr :......... ....... 4-SO worth 1 17. 50, special price. ..; ....$13.50 GofT's Skirt Bra'ds, 5.? ads, piece 80 X
Sag? end Tapl:ca — Regu'arly 5 c lb, Monday 'Mating Rugs— Size 72x36 Inches, reversib!e, handsome and effective, . Pzrlor Table — O/sjIid oak, with a s 1 - elf below for b.o'cs, size 18x18 Initials and Numbers (for marking), 3 dozen X
6 lbs. .. , ..... ....... "7.. 25O worth I2.25, s^eciat price , ,,-........ . $1-52 inches, special price...... $1 >QO lor ..SO *
BIST FOR THE
BOWELS
If yo« haren't a' regular; healthy movement of tha
bowels erery day, you're 111 or will be. Keep your
bowels opto, aud bo well. Force. In tha shape of vio-
lent photic or pill poison. Is dancrerous. The smooth-
est, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowels
clear and clean is to take
Jr$fijb CATHARTIO
EAT J EWI LIKE CANDY
Pleaeant, Palatable, Potent. To*t« good, Do Good,
Kever 6lckcn, Weaken, or Gripe. 10, 85, and 60 cenU
Ser box. Write for free »ampU, and booklet on
ealth. Address -. ¦¦"¦'- *3»
bTEELISQ BEHEDT COXFA3T, CHICAGO w HEW TOBK.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEANTHE SAN FRftNGiSCO GALL^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. - Address Cornrhunications to WS.LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ................... ......................;........... ... .....JULY 7, I9<"
Publication Office . . . . ;.. .' <!^||||s|^!» Market and Third, S. F.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
TIVOLI PREPARES FOR
ITS APPROACHING
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
UHJ5 SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, ; JULY 7, 1901.
Chicago arid! Return $72. 50.
On ; sale. July. 20 and; a, the Union Pacific
Railroad will sell round trl» tickets to Chi
cago,; good for 60 days, at rate Of |72 60. D. W.
Hitchcock, General Agent, 1 Montgomery et..
Pan Francisco,
The Santa. Fe to Merced ' and 'stage ; thence
via Merced Falls. Coulterville, Hazel Green.
Merced Big Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket ft. for particulars and folder.
Best "Way to the Yosemite^
Everything pertaining, to the New "World
may be easily and. cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo Is by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road, carrying: Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, in which are served .Amer
ican Club meals from 35c to $1 ' each. Book
fiee, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations -reserved. 'JAY" w"
ADAMS. P. C P. A.. '37 Crocker building*
San Francisco. CaL i ,".'.,.
* Are You "Of the Old "World"?
"I suppose." answered the punctilious
naval officer, "It was because Noah had
definite information that his neighbors
did not conduct themselves as gentlemen
should."— Richmond Times.
"Why -weren't some of Noah's neigh
bors represented In the crew of the ark?"
asked the man who would rather ask
questions than read for himself.
But to return to our muttons, " For reai"
tons various that may be con
nived the cejjeee. plays at Panta Clara
Among Californians present In the
Eastern dramatic world Clay M. Greene is
distinctly one just now. It may be news
to some to know that Mr. Greene 13 the
author of a Passion play, called by him
•'Kazareth." that was written for and pre
sented for the first time at the golden
jubilee celebration of the Santa Clara Col
lege a little more than a month ago. Play
and theater, performance and performers
were all of distinctly novel kind. In the
first place, according' to immemorial pre
cedent, the eternal feminine . charms . by
her absence In any play given at the the
ater of the good fathers at Santa Clara
College, But two women, indeed, have
ever touched the sacred boards of the lit
tle stage (and those by ingenious acci
dent) since its building many years ago;
one, an innocently profane young woman
of the press (who Is still alive. I am told),
and another adventurous daughter of Eve
whose . subsequent fate is Bhrouded in
myetcry. It Is gratifying, however, to
record that the stage is still standing!
• • •
Among other plays in prospect are one
by Langdon Mitchell.- author of "Becky
Sharp," now being written; one by George
C. Hazleton. author of "Mistress .Nell,"
and a strong drama of political and social
life moving in the West and in New York
City, by Harriet Monroe. Still another
is in prospect from the pen of. Mary VVU
kins.
Several engagements In the distin
guished company of players that Mrs.
Fiske is gathering about her have yet to
be announced, but the company so far in
cludes the names of Max Figman. J. E.
Dodson, Robert T. Haine3, Tyrone Power,
Robert V. Ferguson, Annie Irish and Mrs.
Pattison Selten. clear enough warrant
that the organization is already of the
etrongest-
The announcement that the policy of the
management will be favorable to the
American play is already turning the at
tention of home dramatists to this wel
come new field for their energies, and is
doubtless destined to have a. permanently
valuable effect on the national drama-
We wish all success to Mrs. Fiske in her
worthy enterprise. It will be the most
hopeful leaven in the dramatic lump that
¦we have even dared to hope for, much
less deserve.
A lease of the Manhattan Theater has
been secured by Harrison Gray Fiske for
a number of years, and the theater will
henceforth be the professional home of
Mrs. Fiske. Among other good new3 it
Is announced that all other things being
equal the preference will be given to the
American play. The repertoire as so far
announced contains a new play by Anne
Crawford Flexner, entitled "Miranda of
the Balcony." that will be the initial pro
duction of Mrs. Fiske's -first Manhattan
season. The second production will be
an historical costume play— the title. not
yet given out, and plays by John Luther
Long (author of "Madame Butterfly"),
the late Charles Co'ghlan, Paul Heyse and
Henrik Christiernson and Emll Jonas are
also In the hands of the management
Rumors ana proclamations as to the dra
matic season of 1901-1S02 are of frequent occur
rence. The most auspicious announcement Is
that of the opening of Mrs. Flske's theater,
the Manhattan, in September. Mrs. Fiske Is
a woman of fine Intellectual character and an
actress of great ability, and she will main
tain a theater Independent ot all cliques and
free from the blight of sordid speculation. Her
ambition has shown Itself to be noble: her rec
ord is stainless; her experience is ample, and
she is In the prime of life and hope and suc
crs«ful achievement. "With her advent as a
New Tork manager the void left by Augustin
Daly seems likely to be filled, in which case
the New York public can again have access
to at least one theater that Is exclusively and
rigorously devoted to good plays and good act
ing, animated by a -worthy purpose to serve
the cause of dramatic art and to promote the
popular welfare, and dominated and adminis
tered by a conscientious and brilliant mind,
good taste and natural refinement of spirit
and purpose.
PROBABLY as hopeful news for the
future of dramatic art in America
as may be heard on a summer's
day is" the news of the engaging
of the Manhattan Theater, New
York, by Mrs. Fiske. Hear William TV in
ter on the subject in the New York
Tribune:
- But the playwright went manfully to
work, suggested with real genius his cen
tral, figure, left out the women of the
drama, and gathered up Into genuinely
dramatic sequence the salient incidents of
the story- He wrote a dignified and pic
turesque dialogue, and when, the play was
finished spent two months In drilling tho
students in their parts, with an ultimate
success that has persuaded Joseph Gris
mer (the New York theatrical manager
who came across the continent to see the
play) to put "Nazareth" on the stage in
this Bast. Mr. Grismer will be associated
with William A. Brady In the production,
and a theater has already been engaged.
It is expected that "Nazareth" will be
produced some time during the fall, prob
ably not quite In Its origlnaf form, as Mr.
Greene intimated to me his intention of
adding the principal female figures of the
drama to his play. Meantime "Nazareth."
written by a Californian playwright, . for
the jubilee fete of his alma mater, is one
of the features of the hour.
Again, the student material, from which
the cast of Mr. Greene's play was neces
sarily to be drawn, though bright and
reverent, was not exactly that from which
stars are made; and the college stage,
though amazingly well equipped' In some
regards, yet In others lacks considerably.
So much for the conditions.
The other way. that of personifying the
Christ, has been tried with indifferent
success In America, only in the weird and
barbarous attempts of the Indians at
physical representation of their Christ
Ideal. J Salmi B. Morse died broken-heart
ed of his attempt to stage the sacred
drama, and altogether the outlook was
not encouraging:.
In some cases the inconvenient petticoat
is simply dropped from the cast, with
mere or less picturesque result. Then in
those plays otherwise deemed desirable
for college presentation, in which the fe
male characters stubbornly refuse to be
done to a literate death, they are re
sexed, given hose and doublet, and bidden
to strut the stage in all the new-found
glory of their masculine habiliments.
Thus Portia, in "The Merchant of Ven
ice," becomes Peter (or Paul; no, I re
member now, Bellarlo) and analogous
changes in all such plays are made. This
is all. by the way, except in so, far as it
explains one chief difficulty that confront
ed Mr. Greene in the writing of his Pas
sion Play. .
• • ;¦¦'.'• • "'['
The second lion in the path was appar
ently even more difficult of mastery, the
question of the representation of the
Christ figure; but the playwright had
dreamed for twenty years of a certain
possibility, now made actual, by which
this could be overcome. It was, to sug
gest the Christ by the action of the other
figures In the sacred drama, to intimate
the divine presence by the reflected im
pulse of his personality— a sufficiently
high and poetic conception. So it was
done in pre-Oberammergau days, com
manded- thus by some reigning German
Prince, to whom the spectacle of a Judas
remorsefully disemboweling himself of a
string of frankfurters In one of the Pas
sion Plays presented itself as lacking in
the last refinements of art.
have had to get along as best they might
without the employment of feminine tal
ent In their representation. The difficulty
is a familiar one to the play promoter In
both classes of private schools, but is
usually obviated by the male assumption
of feminine characters and vice versa.
Here, however, the students have never
assumed female roles, an arrangement
that would seem to be utterly prohibitive
of any extended repertoire but for a truly
ingenious if doubtfully artistic expedient.
WELL-KNOWN ACTRESS WHO
HAS SECURED A THEATER IN
NEW YORK.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 MonU
gomery street Telephone Main 1041"*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to 40c. IiOok out
for 81 Fourth, front ot barber & grocery. •
:•¦••'¦-¦'¦,¦,- ' ¦ - ¦¦• • ¦ -¦¦-¦•
There is talk of having reciprocity with Cuba, but now that the Platt amendment has
been adopted it is not easy to see how. the Cubans can reciprocate on any kind of proposition.
The number of Fourth of July accidents this year was much less; than usual.- The Ameri
! can boy has more sense than his father had when he was a boy. ' ! ' -
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Towusend's."
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
"Jennie," said little Mabel, to her sister
at breakfast, "did you tell papa?"
"Tell papa what?" asked Jennie.
"Why, you told Mr. Buster last night it
he did It again you'll tell papa— and he did
it again. I saw him."
And then papa looked at Jennie over hla
glasses. — Montreal Star.
It is surprising the people of the' East have not long since broken away from the conven
tion that required them to wear a coat during the heat of their sweltering summers. The hew move
ment is not a fad, but strictly one of common sense. We do not need shirt waists in San Fran
cisco, but none the less we can sympathize with our friends in the East. Indeed in reading the
reports, of the heat and humidity which have made it impossible for men to work or sleep, the
only wonder has been that some of them did;not feel inclined, like Sydney Smith, "to take off
their flesh and sit down in their bones."
lliv.il ii'-J" ... * ..•'¦• >•:*.;"»,; ¦ .; .¦¦•¦¦•¦
In Omaha the pastors of all the churches held a conference on the subject and indorsed
the innovation. One of them is reported to have said "anything that is good enough to wear
upon the street is good enough to wear at church." Another said: "Clothes do not make re
ligion. I favor comfort." Thus there has been something like an official invitation to the men of
Omaha to wear shirt waists at church, and that garment is now looked upon as an irreproachable
dress for all occasions.
A report from St. Louis states that the pastor of one of the largest churches in the city
announced two weeks ago that he would adopt the new substitute for the coat, and advised the
men of his congregation to follow his example. The report goes on to say that upon the follow
ing Sunday "anumber of young men congregated in their shirt-sleeves. They appeared so cool
and comfortable that in the evening the greater part of the men in the congregation followed the
example; and a number of women with their hair dressed in attractive modes sat with their hats
in their laps,' and several came bareheaded."
_ — . . f _ .
OUT of the prolonged hot spell that has prevailed, over the entire East from the Rocky
' Mountains to the Atlantic coast there has come. something like a wholesale use of the
shirt waist among men. The garment is worn not only at business, but at social
functions in the afternoon, and even at church.
A BOOM FOR THE SHIRT WAIST.
In June of each year an annual statement
will be* mailed by the board of trustees to each
contributor, showing actual condition of fund
and number of students benefited.
Students desiring loans from this fund shall
make application at least ten days In advance,
to enable trustees to investigate each particu
lar case.
Each loan shall be secured by a. note payable
on or before two years from date, shall bear
Interest at 4 per cent per annum and shall b»
Indorsed to the satisfaction of the trustees.
Before a student Is entitled to a loan from
the fund he must have an application signed
by the Columbia School faculty, guaranteeing
his work in the school (of at least one term's
duration) and indorsing his worthiness: ha
must have indications of ability and determina
tion • to succeed. .
An Interval of at least thirty days shall
elapse between the successive loans, and no
single loan shall exceed $30.
The total amount loaned to one student shall
not exceed $300.
All funds shall be placed In a. reliable bank
by the treasurer, to be drawn upon as oc
casion requires: a reserve fund (of not less
than $100) at all times to be retained in tha
bank to meet any withdrawals of depositors.
After one year, if it Is tha wish of any de
positor to withdraw hla contribution to tho
fund, he may do so at any time thereafter
upon thirty days* notice to the trustees.
The fund is to be cared for by three trus
tees, holding office for three years: one- to be
elected at the meeting of the Columbia School
alumni. Steinway Hall. Chicago, in July of
each year, beginning with 1901. Trustees for
the present year already elected and acting.
The rules of the society are as follows:
This fund Is betas Increased by the alumni
and friends o£ the school, and it la earnestly
hoped that any one interested in education will
make additions to the fund, which is held as
a sacred trust. Contributions are not neces
sarily endowments, but loans. All students
borrowing money from the fund do so on a
business basis, thereby avoiding any spirit of
The students" benefit loan fund has been
founded by the class of 1900 of the Columbia
School cf Oratory. Chicago, for the purpose of
enabling ambitious pupils to continue their
course when otherwise they would be com
pelled for lack of funds to drop out of the
school work. It has been a source of deep re
gret to see talented pupils leaving school to
return to a monotonous grind of distasteful
work because they had no money for actual
living expenses, when by a suitable course of
study they would be better equipped for taklns
tbeir places in the social, business or profes
sional world. i*
• *
* ' ' - V»
as Its literature and the three R"s (not to
speak of its handicraftsmanshlp and the
physical education of its citizens), such
props to struggling genius as the "Stu
dents' Benefit Loan Fund." in connection,
with the Columbia School of Oratory. Chi
cago, are entitled to the substantial sup
port of all thinking people. To the kindly
thought of one of the students of the
school, Miss Grace Fern, whose charming
readings here of late bear testimony- to the
adequacy of her teaching, the plan owes
its inception. I cannot do better than give
here the modest and business-like circular
of the fund, as a suggestion .to those de
sirous of doing, something of the same
nature for the struggling student in our
midst, without distinction of art. It is to
be noted that there is no tendency to
pauperize the student, the free pupil's
record under present conditions being an
unhopeful one, but that the matter is put
upon a healthful business basis.
DIRECTOR OF THE ORCHES
TRA AT THE TIVOLI. WHO
HAS A SPLENDID RECORD.
POSTMASTER GENERAL SMITH has set the pace for the Republican party, in all
issues, everywhere., between the corrupt minority, running the machine,' controlling the
push and usurping the organization for private and personal gain, in opposition to public
interests. The machine in Pennsylvania has its seat of power in Philadelphia. Therefrom
it controls the Legislature and the State. It made a long fight to re-elect Senator Quay and suc
ceeded by securing the aid of the Democratic machine. Then it celebrated its victory by passing
the "Ripper bills," which deprived of self-government the anti-Quay cities. Their system of local
municipal government was legislated away from them and they were put under the rule of offi
cers appointed directly by the Governor, who is a member of the Quay machine.
Philadelphia retained her municipal government because it belonged to the machine. That
government has recently outraged the people by granting blanket franchises to favorites of the
two' Senators, refusing to accept for them millions of dollars that were bid, bona fide, by John
Wanamaker and others able to respond. upon their offered contract of purchase.
The machine programme there^ has been to rob all cities that Quay controls, and deprive
all others of self-government and rob them* also.
Philadelphia has protested. Independent Republicans there have nominated a ticket in op
position to the Quay machine, and it has been indorsed by a great meeting. To that meeting
Postmaster General Smith addressed a letter declaring his support of and sympathy with the anti
machine movement, -and scoring the" gang with a .pen trained to plain statement of plain truths.
If the Quay people were persons of ordinary sensibility they would wince under Postmaster, Gen
eral Smith's knout and bastinado; but they have neither ordinary nor any other kind of sensi
bility, and are impervious to anything, except defeat at the polls. Like the daughters of the
horse leech, they suck and cry, "More!" The only thing that impresses them is cutting their
sucker, by depriving them of office.
Postmaster General Smith's action is the sign given by the administration that Republi
cans must array themselves on the side of decency, decorum and common honesty.
The issue made in Pennsylvania is an issue made elsewhere, wherever the party organiza
tion is in the hands of the party machine, and its power is used to give high office to low men. It
has been made in Calif omiaY:.; Here the gauntlet was thrown down and decency was challenged
by indecency and dishone|fcy&'-It is easily remembered that the challenge was accepted, the issue
joined and the battle fotlght|out. When that emergency came The Call took the same position
now taken by Postmaster General Smith, and led a fight that was finished as we hope his will be.
To his attitude now we invite the attention of California Republicans. The State can be held
only by a party that comes with clean hands. The Republican party rose above the gutter, defied
the push, smote the machine and at the last election carried the State by 40,000 majority. But
even that majestic lead can be lost by wallowing in the gutter with the push.
In all issues of the kind with which we dealt before, The Call will stand on the side occu
pied by Postmaster General Smith and the administration. Where he leads for cleanness and de
cency this paper will follow, and where we lead in the same high cause we confidently expect
that he will follow.-
The Republican party is' the trustee of popular prosperity. It is in peril because of the
weakness and inconsequence of the party opposed to it. When two armies are equal in strength,
they must be officered by the best men. But an army that has no opposition may be led by camp
followers. Let the Republican party be put upon its caution. Nothing in its splendid- record
"made in peace and war under President McKinley can save it from defeat, if its camp followers
displace its generals. . .
This is the lesson taught by current events in Pennsylvania, and it must be heeded every-
A REPUBLICAN KEYNOTE.
Altogether the. Tivoli grand opera sea
son promises more favorably than any
season of its history, and no small share
of its success will be due to the man with
the baton. Mr. Paul Steindorff. After the
opera season la over, possibly before, -we
may hear from the Tivoli conductor in
quite another line of work, for he is a
person of appalling energy; but there Is
tlnie enough . to speak of that. For the
present ha is sufficiently occupied In drill
ing his chorus in the grand opera reper
toire at the rate of two operas a week,
orchestrating "Tannhauser" or "Lohen
grin" with sixteen instead of sixty parts
so that you won't ¦ know the difference,'
getting acquainted with the Collamarlni,
Agostini and the rest of their idiosyncra
sies, and in his leisure drilling a chorus
of 150 voices that will be one of the fea
tures ¦ at the German festival . on • August
11, when the Goethe-Schiller monument
is unveiled' in the park.
Requiescat in pace!
¦Until all education is the concern of the
state, Us art, music and drama, as well
Collamarlni will sing the Delilah part in
Saint-Saens' "Samson and Delilah," and
it will be interesting to hear the dashing
Carmen as the olden time Hebrew siren.
Samson will be sung, by Agostini, who will
probably also assume the part made so
famous by Giannini in "II Guarany." I
believe this will be the first hearing here
of this opera also. "Falstaff" is another
novelty long-promised, and that fine ar
tist Salassa will be heard in the name
part. . The singer's Falstaff Is said to be
a conception equaling his lago in Verdi's
"Otello," though to me the broad humor
of the part seems somewhat foreign to
Salissa's make-up. Boito's "Mefistofele"
is now being revived in many opera
houses and will be fn eagerly looked for
novelty here. The opera is as different as
it is possible to imagine with an opera
telling the same story, from the "Faust"
of Gounod. The libretto is largely drawn
from Goethe's "Faust," and Is all through
cf unusual literary Boito's fine
gifts as librettist being here exhibited In
their fullness. The music also is of ex
ceptional beauty and Interest, and the ac
companying scenery of the opera of rarest
imaginative scope. The prologue is set
in heaven amidst clouds, the sounding
of the seven trumpets and the singing of
Invisible celestial phalanxes that are hid
den among the clouds. Meflstofele, a soli
tary figure, appears in the foreground,
making his wager with the heavenly pow
ers for the soul of Faust. After him come
a mystic chorus, penitents, cherubs,
leaving him at the close of the scene in
the shadows. The fourth act, too. Faust's
living vision of the "classical Sabbath,"
has a lovely scenic setting, not wholly
unlike that of the Venusberg in "Tann
hauser."
And of the man at the helm, Paul
Steindorff. Of themany good things that
the Tivoli has done for' music in San
Francisco none has probably been of more
value than the importation of the pres
ent conductor of its orchestra. Mr. Stein
dorff is a thoroughly cultured musician, a
pianist of eminence and of a long and hon
orable experience as conductor both with
Maurice Grau (for Lillian Russell) and
"Smiling Jimmy" Morrissey, the long
time manager of Emma Abbott. This by
no means is the measure of hla activity
as conductor, Bremen, Konigsberg and
other German cities having been lnclud-"
ed in his itinerary. Neither has the oper
atic stage entirely engrossed Mr. Stein
dorff's attention. He has conducted sym
phony orchestras in New York »nd Phila
delphia and spent a season as conductor
of the Society of Musical Art at the Wal
dorf-Astoria—the latter an honor much
coveted among musicians.
THE Tivoli Is beginning to look and
sound quite grrand opera-like these
days; with strains from "Aida"
and "Carmen" floating through the
air, new scores galore . littering
desk and shelf, and a garnish of Mme.
Collamarini's new purple and gold hose
and doublet that will later make their
debut in "Falstaff."
Among the scores I note with pleasure
those of '-'Samson and Delilah." the Boito
"Meflstofele," Giordano's "Andrea Che
nier," and a new-old Brazilian opera by
A. Carlos Gomez, "II Guarany." The
playgoer of an older time than mine will
well remember when "II Guarany" was
first given here. The company present
ing it came upon us unknown, unheralded,
unsyndicated, a little company of gifted
Italians who were journeying to Italy
after a South American tour that had
put some money in their purses. That was
sixteen or seventeen years ago, and the
company that of the Glannini brothers,
one of them the famous tenor who short
ly afterward returned as a star with
Patti. On the first night of their ap
pearance (at the old California Theater)
perhaps 200 people witnessed the perform
ance. The second night the house could
not hold the crowd, curious to hear the
company that the critics had been rav
ing over in the morning papers. Then
"II Guarany" ran to the limit of its en
gagement at the California, and after
ward went over to the Grand Opera
house, there playing for some weeks. Not
since then, I believe, has the opera been
heard here, and it is. of course, a ques
tion whether it will" appeal as strongly
to the public of to-day as to that of the
dear, dead yesterdays. It will at any rate
have all the grace of novelty. ;..'¦'
His loss- of course will be severely felt at the university, but fortunately the influence of
such men never wholly passes away. It has been said; "By this shall they be known who have
worked righteously — their works shall live after them." Neither the work, nor even the personal
influence of Joseph Le Conte will perish altogether from the State or from the university. Thou
sands of his former students as they read to-day of his death will feel in their hearts the thrilling
and throbbing of certain fine, sweet impulses that were started into life by'him and which survive
to continue his work now that he himself is gone."
Over and above all his scientific attainments Joseph Le Conte had another claim and hold
upon the esteem of Californians. It is an old saying that every man is greater than his work,
that there is something in each personality that can never be wrought out 'in any deed or
, uttere,d through any song. In Professor. Le Conte^that truth was strikingly illustrated. His per
sonal influence was felt not only by the students in his classes and by all who knew him, but
throughout the wider circle of those who only indirectly came into something of relation and
association with him.
The vital principle of his life was that of absolute unselfishness. Through his fine nature
and high genius that trait showed itself in every direction. In his work he sought not money nor
'fame, but truth. In all his dealings with men he* sought not personal advantage, but the good
of others. His courtesy was a charm felt/by all who came into his presence. So gracious was he
that at every period of his life there was felt for him a respect mingled with love, and in later
years he was looked up to with a genuine veneration.
FROM the University of California there has graduated and gone, forth forever Joseph Le
Conte, one of the most earnest of scientists, truest of teachers and best loved of men,. The
place he so long occupied, not in the university only "but in the State, was so high
and so unique it is not likely there will ever live another, to attain it. He was one of the few
Californians whose fame as a student and master of science was as wide as the civilized world,
and in his work every intelligent Californian.felt a pride because it stood forth as proof that our
young commonwealth was not given over wholly to mere material good, but had among her
-people those who loved intellectual truth and beauty and counted knowledge more precious
than gold. -' \
A NOBLE LJFE ENDED
BY GUISARD.
MINNIE MADDERN FISKE
SOON TO APPEAR
IN HER OWN THEATER.
18while hauling hay. His team ran away
and the wagon, heavily laden, was preci
pitated upon him. He was badly bruised
and disfigured.
There is a vast coal supply In Australia,
which is almost unworked as yet.
STRIKE INTERFERES
WITH GRAIU" SHIPMENTS
Few Men Available to Handle the
Consignments Arriving at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, July 6.— The Warehouse
Workers' branch of the Stevedores' Union
met to-night at Union Hall. The strike
situation was discussed and the men de
cided to stand by the union. President
Harrison of the Farmers' Union and Mill
ing Company held a conference to-day
with several old employes of the company
who had walked out with the other strik
ers, but no agreement was reached. Grain
continues to come in, ¦with but few men
to handle it. Unloaded barges are still
lying in the channel; more grain is ar
riving In cars, and more is expected, by
both rail and water.
There is nothing new in the plumbers'
walkout.' They are determined not to
submit to the demand of the boss plumb
ers that they purchase certain tools, and
the boss plumbers are determined that
the plumbers shall not be allowed to come
to work until they do purchase them. In
the meantime the apprentices are doing
the work, assisting the boss plumbers.
It is rumored that the laundry em
ployes, who have a union, intend to strike
for higher wages and better terms.
Losses by Wilbur's Fire.
SPOKANE, July 6.— The fire which
broke out in Wilbur, Wash., last night
raged for six hours, destroying the prin
cipal business district of the town. The
losses are : • M. E. .Hay and El
T. Hay, general store, loss $125,000, insur
ance $75,000; C. M. Carpenter, Wilbur Ho
tel, loss $7000. insurance $3000; Finnegan &
Peters, the Hermitage, loss $33,500, insur
ance $1500: A. F. Cole, Washington sta
bles, loss $2000. Two men ¦were Injured,
but not seriously. .
Kruger Will Not Visit Us.
THE HAGUE, July 6. — President
Kruger has definitely abandoned his
American visit on account of traveling
fatigues, as well as the clearly expressed
attitude of the United States Govern
ment.
American Tin Plate Company and the
workers will meet to adjust these.
The United States Steel Corporation has
arranged terms with the Amalgamated
Association for ' the union mills of the
Nationabl Tube Company, the American
Tin Plate Company and one plant of the
National Steel Company, with a prospect
of a settlement at its other plants in the
Youngstown district. The scale for the
South Chicago and Joliet plants of the
Federal Steel Company has been arranged,
and can only be terminated by one side
giving ninety days' notice of a desire for
a change. The other plant of this com
pany, the Bay View Works, is operated
under a special scale, and no trouble In
reaching an agreement is anticipated. The
only trouble the big corporation has with
the Amalgamated Association is with the
American Sheet Steel Company and the
American Steel Hoop Company.
A statement to-night from a prominent
Amalgamated official as to what brought
about the proposition for a conference
gives as the reason the fact that the
American Tin Plate Company was given
notice last week that If the steel hoop and
sheet steel scales were not signed by the
manufacturers by a certain date, naming
a day in the close future, the Amalgamat
ed Association's president will be instruct
ed to enforce the authority given him by
the constitution to call out union em
ployes of the United States Steel Corpor
ation.
The enforcement of a general strike
ordered by the Amalgamated Association
would mean that 80.000 men In union mills
would be directly affected: ¦
SHOT BY MAN WHOM
HE ADJUDGED DTSAUE
Idaho Probate Judge Receives Fatal
Wound While Seated in
His Office.
SPOKANE, July 6.— Probate Judge J. C,
Brady of Kootenai County, Idaho, was
fatally shot by a crazy man named Henry
Wlimbusy at Rathdrum, Idaho, last night.
Brady was seated In the probate office
when Wilmbusy entered and fired at close
range, the ball entering below the right
eye and fracturing the base" of the brain
The murderer turned out the lights and
escaped. '
Wlimbusy was adjudged insane four
years ago by Judge. Brady. This preyed
on his mind. He escaped several times
and was recommitted, but the last time
was allowed to remain at large.
Receives Fatal Wound.
STOCKTON, July 6.— John Garvln, 1 aged
30 years, was accidentally shot in the
stomach last evening at , the ranch of
Wa u n v, Tr ahem, the horseman, and will'
probably die. Mr. Trahern was handling
a small rifle belonging to a boy who was
visiting the place, when it was discharg
ed, the ball entering Garvin's . abdomen.
A surgeon was summoned from Stockton,
as soon as possible, and pronounced the
wound fatal. .
Billion-Dollar Trust Arranged a Conference
Which Means End of Strike Is Near.
SAX RAFAEL, July 6.— William T>. Wil
son was to-day committed to the Uklah
Insane Asylum by Judge Angellotti. Wil
son came from Sausallto, where he has
resided for years. He will be remembered
by thousands . as captain of different
steamers on the bay. For some time he
was captain of the Sausalito. He was
very popular and a thorough seaman.
Captain Wilson Insane.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 6.—
The excursion steamer Queen arrived
from the north to-day. Her officers re
port Glacier Bay one mass of ice and
that vessels can approach to 'within no
nearer than fourteen miles of Muir
glacier,' an ice jam from thirty to : forty
feet high extending across the bay. Ac
cording to Pilot Thompson, such a i jam
has not been known since excursio steam
ers started on the northern run fourteen
years ago, and he attributes it to several
severe shocks of earthquake last winter.
These shattered the immense glacier and
ice cakes are sloughing off faster than
the tides ca.n carry them out of the bay.
The ice floes in the channels / are greater
than ever known before. „.
Constantly Sliding Down the
Mountain.
Avalanches Due to Earthquakes Are
Some minor differences also exist In the
tin. plate trade, and representatives of the
WALL OF ICE BLOCKS
GLACIER BAY'S ENTBAJTCE
PITTSBURGH July 6.— The strike of the
American Sheet Steel Company and
American Steel Hoop Company mill em
ployes will probably be terminated next
•week. Arrangements were made in. this
city to-day for the holding of a joint con
ference in Pittsburg between representa
tives of both companies, which are mem
bers of the United States Steel Corpora
tion, and representatives of the Amalga
mated Steel, Iron and Tin Workers for ad
justing the existing labor troubles. The
agreement to meet in conference means
virtually a settlement of the strike, inas
much as the operating officials of the hoop
and sheet companies would not have con
sented to meet the workers' committee un
less there was good prospect of immediate
settlement, and it may be accepted as a
settled fact that all the mills now idle
will be In operation by the last of next
week, and that the strike, which tnreat
ened the steel industry generally, will be
averted in its incipiency. It is stated on
good authority that the conference will be
held early next ¦week, probably before
Wednesday, and assurance is given that a
settlement of the trouble will be speedily
effected. The operating officials of the
steel companies will meet the workers'
committee, and as the question involved
Is not one of wages, but the extension of
organization control to so-called non
union plants, an agreement is likely to be
readily made. ...
STEEL WORKERS' STRIKE
WILL SOON BE SETTLED
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
\ OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Department Makes Several
, Changes and Pensions Are Is
sued to Veterans.
"WASHINGTON, July 6.— The following
orders were issued by the Postofflce De
partment to-day: Postoffice established:
Washington— Chambers, Whitman County,
Lewis W. Robinson, postmaster. Post
master commissioned: California — Ray
mond E. Standinger, Squaw Valley. Ore
gon—Albert H. Henson, Galesville. Ap
pointed: California— P. C. Huntington,
Tamarack, Alpine County, vice K. J.
Trimmer. Resigned: Washington — E. D.
Godfrey, Sunset, Whitman County, vice
S. M. Howard, resigned.
These pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Original—Patrick McLeer, Veter
ans; Home, Napa, $6; Stephen O. Lewel
len, Anaheim, $6; George . Murray, San !
Diego $6; Henry H. Massey, Pasadena,
,$8; Jeremiah Hough, Greenville, $10; Jacob
Lyons, Colusa, $10.
; - Additional-rPelatiah Bond, Pomona, $5.
Renewal — William Ruchers, Craftonvllle.
$6. Increase — Alonzo "V. Howard, Los An
geles, $8; William Phair, Yojo, $12; Mich-
ael Delaney; San Francisco, $8; Robert Z.
Johnson, San Francisco, $8; John Turlong,
Veterans' Home. Napa, $8; Martin R.
Gore, Dunham; $12; Fidelias Bowen, Vi
salla, $S; John Kirkman, Exeter, $12.
War with Spain— Original— Abraham S.
Garrison, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12; Charles L. Taas, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles. $17; Joseph O'Connell, National
City, $12; Lee Speaker, La Grange, $8.
Oregon— Original— Christopher P. Yates,
Manning, $8. Renewal— George W. David
son. Helix, $8.
Washington— Increase— Elihu C. Keith,
Ferndale. S8. ; -
INHERITS THE WEALTH
. OF LATE ALFRED FULLER
Judge Davis Recognizes William
Fuller as the Son of the Chico
Capitalist.
MARY SVILLE. July 6.— Judge Davis,
sitting in the Superior Court of this coun
ty, handed down an opinion this afternoon
for the contestant in the estate of Alfred
Fuller, deceased, transferred from Butte
County for trial. . Suit was brought by
William Fuller,- the son of Alfred Fuller,
and an Indian woman named Jenita. with
whom fuller lived! from 1S70 to 1875 at\the
toll gate near Sonbra, in Tuolumne Coun
ty. Fuller later lived in Chico, where he
died two years ago, leaving an estate of
$30,000. ¦ - •¦¦¦-, . ¦¦
Much criminal - and civil litigation fol
lowed Fuller's death. Dr. Rodley of Chico
is now serving a term" of ten years in San
Quentin for having forged a will which
he produced as the last will of Jthe dead
man, naming Mrs. Minnie Houseworth of
Chico as the principal legatee, and him
self and John Garner of Chico signing the
alleged will as witnesses. Garner con
fessed and Rodley's arrest and conviction
followed. Mrs. Houseworth' and Garner
are now in jail in Oroville awaiting trial
at the fall term of court.
The important findings of the court are
that the claimant j is the son of Alfred
Fuller and that he had been held up to
the world and received Into the family of
the deceased as such. The defendants
will appeal to the Supreme Court. .
Suicide's Identity .Unknown.
I SACRAMENTO, July/ C— An autopsy
over the body,of theunknown man found
in an- alley In the lower part of this city
revealed the fact that death | resulted
from arsenical poisoning. .The case was
probably one of- suicide. On the flyleaf
of „ a prayer; book 4 in the pocket of the
dead man | was j written the name ¦ "Rich
ard Harris." •. — __
BAKERSFIF.ID, July 6.— The investiga
tion of the Kern County course ot study
has resulted' in Superintendent of Public
Instruction T. J. Kirk ordering grade by
grade the reinstatement of the textbooks
provided by the State and insisting that
the long list of other books in the manual
as adopted by the Kern County. Board of
"Education be properly designated as sup
plemental to the lawful series. The bofird
was instructed to have the manual pla
carded with slips in accordance with the
changes required by Superintendent Kirk
and a certified copy sent him to Sacra
mento.
Superintendent Doub Insisted that there
was no intention on the part of the board
to violate the law, and agreed to conform
to the request cf Mr. Kirk. The investi
gation was proceeding without feeling on
either side when Attorney- S. C. Smith,
who represented Mr. Doub, arose and said
that he considered the investigation on
the part of Mr. Kirk an insult to the citi
zens of Kern County. He declared that
Kirk "rubbed it in" by ordering each se
ries labeled as supplementary books.
Grove L. Johnson, who represented the
Allied Printing Trades Council, replied
with a sarcastic and bitter denunciation
of Attorney Smith's course.
There was no effort made on the part of
Mr. Kirk to be harsh in his dealings with
the board. Ho merely requested that, if
the board were not contemplating any vio
lation of the law, the manual be so re
vised that the general Rublic. as well as
the teachers and pupils, would be able to
understand just .what was meant.
¦ Attorney Johnson said after the meet
ing that the parties he represented would
not be satisfied with the mere statement
on the part of Mr. Doub that . the law
would not be violated. »He was of the
opinion that there was an effort to over
throw the State textbooks, as was evi
denced by th.e fact that the schools of this
county had not for the past year taken
the State series into consideration.
Approved Textbooks Are
Reinstated Grade .
by Grade. *
Miss Agnes Mulhall Will
Have Pugilist for .
Spouse.
Youd g Woman Is a Famous
Rider of Oklahoma.
Territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WICHITA, Kans., July 6— Kid McCoy,
the noted prizefighter. Is. engaged to
marry Miss Agnes Mulhall, the famous
bareback rider of Mulhall, O. T. R'xCoy
is spending his summer vacation at Mul
hall, and in the meantime is becoming
familiar with the cattle-raising business.-
His future, father-in-law is Seek Mulhall,
livestock agent for. several Western rail
roads and a stock raiser of prominence.
The woman whom ¦'McCoy is»to marry is
also a fine ranch manager and she has in
her own right several thousand head\ of
cattle. As soon as they are married In
the fall McCoy will quit pugilistic and
stage work and go at once to ranching
in .Oklahoma. The young wbman who 'is
to be his bride is at a reunion of cow
punchers in Oklahoma. She is a personal
lriend of Vice President Roosevelt, hav
ing become acquainted with him by win
ning the first prize at the Oklahoma
rough riders' reunion for fast roping of
steers. Recently she killed a wolf In
Colorado and sent the hide to "Teddy.' T
Roosevelt has already sent his con
gratulations to the couple on their ap
proaching marriage. The girl is worth
$25,000 in her own right.
COUNTY OF KERN
YIELDS TO STATE
M'COY TO WED
A PRAIRIE BELLE
NEWPORT, R. I., July 6.— An unquali
fied victory for the Constitution— an over
whelming defea't for the Independence;
a most commendable showing for the old
champion, the Columbia— is the record of
the first day's contest of the big sloops
in the Newport Racing Association's
series.
From the firing of the starting gun,
which sent the yachts off to windward in
a light easterly breeze, the Constitution
held her rivals. At the.-turning buoy she
was a little more than two minutes in
advance of the Columbia, while the In
dependence was hul 1 down to leeward.
But it was on the run home that the new
Herreshoff .yacht showed her greatest
strength, beating the Columbia over eight
minutes in the fifteen miles down the
wind, and when the new champion of the
America's cup swept across the line the
Boston yacht was over seven miles
astern.
Owing to the lightness of the wind there
was no brilliant or dramatic scene ' to
chronicle. The race lacked the charm
that attends a scupper breeze, but it was
full of interesting if not exciting events,
nevertheless.
Failure of Independence.
The chief incident of the contest was,
of course, the failure of the Independence
to meet the expectations of her adherents.
That she was a failure In the weather
conditions that prevailed to-day 'cannot
be gainsaid. At no time during the con
test to windward did she show any
weatherly qualities whatever. She did not
point as high as her opponents, nor did
she even for a brief interval demonstrate
that she possessed a fraction of the speed
which she seemed to have shown when
sailing by herself. That she may be vast
ly Improved is possible, but that she pro
foundly disappointed her friends to-day
cannot be concealed, for in light winds
her excellence was chiefly supposed to
rest. When she got fairly out into the
open sea she pounded heavily in the
southwest swell, and the more she pound
ed the more she seemed to lose headway.
So far as the Constitution's success was
concerned it was no more than was ex
pected of her by those who have watched
her keenly since her launch. \ Handled
splendidly and with rare judgment, but
not in the least better than the Columbia,
her superior size and bigger sail plan told.
The boasts of some experts that Nat
Herreshoff had reached his limit when
he designed the Columbia are not justi
fied by to-day's race. Whether the Colum
bia will beat the Constitution in hard
weather remains to be proved. A
The Columbia was sailed in a mo»
meriterious manner from start to finish.
All the arts of the professional sea jockey
were practiced by Barr. the sailing mas
ter, and E. D. Morgan, the manager, to
overcome their vastly abler opponent.
That they should have kept the . inferior
boat so close to her . superior antagonist
in the race to the outer mark was a won
derful piece of work. That the Constitu
tion is by far the better all-round boat,
let it blow high or low, is hardly to be
doubted after her showing to-day.
Becord of the Contest.
The following table shows the record of
the race in figures: ;
Elapsed, Corr.
' YACHT. Start. Finish. Time. Time.
Constitution 12:10:02 5:48:C8 5:38:06 6:38:06
Columbia .......: 12:1O:1T 5:59:29 5:49:12 5:47:55
Independence 12:12:00 • ;. ,
•Did not finish within time limit
. Thus on corrected, time the Constitution
beat the Columbia by 9 minutes 49 seconds
over the whole course. On the first leg of
the course, the beat to windward, the
Constitution beat the Columbia 1 minute
59 seconds. On the run home the Consti
tution beat the Columbia 9 minutes 8 sec
oeds. The Constitution won by 11 minutes
7 seconds on elapsed time. The Constitu
tion allowed the Independence 43 seconds
and the Columbia 77 seconds. Time at the
outer mark: Constitution, 3:43:35; Colum
bia. 3:45:58.
Duncan, the manager of the Constitu
tion, came ashore at the yacht plub in
his launch just After 8 o'clock this even
ing. When asked if he had anything to
say about the victory of his boat, he
simply stated that all on board were thor
oughly satisfied with her performance.
The Constitution is all ready for the sec
ond race on Monday. She will probably
remain at her moorings to-morrow and
her crew will be given a rest.
The Independence arrived back in the
harbor about 8 o'clock, nearly an hour
after the other two yachts had caught
their moorings. Crownlnshield left the
yacht 'at that time, being taken ashore in
a launch. Soon after the Independence
was moored Lawson went aboard from
th« Decatur and had a chat with Captain
Haft. No one one the Boston' boat would
talk for publication. Chapman, private
secretary for Lawson, said that no one
aboard had any comment to make. He
added that the Independence would be
ready for another race on Monday. No
one on board the yacht seemed depressed
over the poor showing of the yacht, all
treating the matter as the result of hard
luck.
Columbia Proves Speedy and
Independence Is Badly
Beaten.
Cup Defender Shows Re
markable Speed in
a Trial.
CONSTITUTION
DEFEATS RIVALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, j;ULY; 7, 1901.
ATTEMPTS ASSASSINATION
WITH A BTJTCHE&-KNIFB
Frank W. Hardie Tries to Take thi
Life of Ex-Supervisor Zestor
in Cayucos.
CATUCOS, July 6.— Assatilt with Intent
to commit murder was the charge for
mally lodged to-day against Frank W.
Hardie, who yesterday attacked ex-Su
pervisor John B. Kestor -with a butcher
knife on the street. Hardie quietly stole
through a gate and attempted to stab
Kestor through the chest while Kestor
was in his wagon. Bystanders interfered
and disarmed Hardie. -who then disap
peared. Under Sheriff McFadden searched
for him here nearly all day without avail.
Hardie is an ex-constable and a son of
Postmaster A. M. Hardie. He is 36 years
old and unmarried. - Kestor is past 70
years of ai?e and has a wife and a largo
family of grown children. The attempted!
murder was the result of a feud of long
standing.
DTagrged Under Sis Wagon
SANTA ROSA, July 6.— W. R Hatcher,
who resides near Windsor, met a painful
and perhaps fatal accident this morning
19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quiekly Restores Lost Vig-or
to Men.
A Free Trial Packasra Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-*
able remedy are being mailed to all wh6
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided" to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, ana all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
¦ The remedy has- a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions -and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. ' 328 -Elektron building.- Port
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The. Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat
ed, and the free samples will enable themi
to see how easy It is to be cured' of sex-
ual weakness when \ the proper remedies
are - employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In, a
plain package, so that - its recipient - need
have : no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. VReaders are requested to write
without delay. •
._. _. .----;¦• M^CELEANEOUS.
mBmmmanasaummaBmamuamuKmaummmmmamaammaaamuamamBamammnmmmnmamnmmmumi
I *' : .- \ '"""" , . 4 .:• :•:
S ALL The Io Cry of the Lad in the PATTOSIEN'S!
I ROADS Poem Toiling Up the White Alps! . TO
LEAD With us it is.the Shibboleth of LEAD
5 Trfc satisfaction uttered .by the Big r ADq
§ . IU Furniture House that* has reached - , t .-
a ROME! the heights of popularity and power! ALL
JJ BMBB..S-SSP—— I I
B To these who don't like : I A trip to the city with-
B the pxtry we submit < The shades of flight Were falling fast j out a visit to Pattosien's
B these facts and prices _, » r •» t 1 means a Lost Pleasure.
s 1 Because they were not built to last, B —
0 . - •
3 . 'Twas ivcll the owner hap p'ly passed " r* i
g Extension By Pattosien > s , Parlor
8 Tables! V Pieces!
E t r \a « Ad, fnr <*4 or tnerc ie sazv > to H^ s surprise, All our own make and
g In Golden Ash for. J4.oO ... " , creation. All ours, without
B In Sturdy Oak for.$G.oo Shades less than lie could realise — M costly f re i g ht and profit-
B $1S and steadily up to At Pattosien's! Take this for a week's m-
K cniu * - " ducement:
5 S.iwm 4 A 5-piece parlor set, ar-
g (Item: the shades of night may fall,
S WindOW But { f Mow for them you call. ES£$§M ™
g Qf-iaHec! You'll note they do not FALL at ALL.) them-all price
g - • Ibid: Pattosien's! $32.50
B - Fabric and size to suit ,
¦ buyer and window! . . PattnciPtl
E Short-lived shades for 35c But net alone in shades you re sure rdiiuMcn
K Long-lived shades for 65c T { bargains— you' re secure C a T O e t S
B Notice the life and grit of a & & j *~ r •
1 T-rr ranted Pattosieh* In purchasing your furniture in textures and colors to
H shade. At Pattosien's! blend with walls and fur-
13 niture. Two specials this
B - week.
B Pl^r-tro ri >l;l /l j t x • j • AXMINSTER (every-
a ClcCird. There s blocks of beds of fair design, where $1.35). Our price
B Axminster Rugs! Of extension tables there's a line bigelow'bb.tJssels-1
I cizE9xi2. \ From which 'twere- meet for gods to dine, (Standard
P See them in the down- Pattosien's! Ur sewiWand'la'yW
B town stores for $27.SO. Go without sayingr.
B then buy them from us
s any time for A in ouster store with Mission rents! A Three- Piece
0 S2o«00 A maximum of stock immense! • c, • „ 11
H TT7-,r • • * 1 , , Special!
B With minimum of large expense! — •
B .,„,,_., Birdseye Maple Bedroom
ra ESDeciallv Young" That's Pattosiens! Set; half swell: heavy
5 ivT j. o mj I French plite bevel glass: a
1 Nest DUllders! ,. ,., , f , . „, . \ ¦ noble design; a remarkable
n Delightful house! Of size and power value
g We like to entertain the Where bargains on the buyer shower, <p*yw
13 young couples just about ..... . , „. ,
S to build their honeymoon WUh. specials selling every hour, Out-oMown
f eyries. They name their At Pattosien's! UUlU1 ' "
c prudent figure and we fill BUVefS !
!3 the bill from kitchen to
g . parlor; all done harmo- A challenge house that says: UO try, Not an outproine train but
g " niously and reasonably For prices which with ours will VIC — /" whirls Pattosien's furniture
c» fmm «:tnv«» lifter to lace v 1 *i * j n z. with it. Whether ordered
¦ from stove wter to lace you search the town — and then you buy by catalogue or 'phone or
H u? rt !, mS ' a 7 a At Pattosien's' visit, values are there, and
g blends are standard and ™ rauosien S. distance doesn't lessen the
B artistic. Think how many .'- : - bargain or increase the
S homes we've furnished! —¦——¦¦— ——•¦•^ price.
S LI A I 111 1 I-H P^ 7 W ioui ana
si 1 lA/ull^ll ±D Mission
H .
B .. . ¦ ¦
g **The Story of an African Farm," by Olive Schreiner, isn't half as in-
g teresting as the story of our Furniture Farm. There's acres of it. Told
a for the visiting.
EBEEBBDHIBHHHIHIIHBMHHBDIBBBNBaBBBlBHBBBaEIHDBflHBlBBBIHHBB
r Our great 1
1 Semi* Annual I
1 begins tomorrow at 8 a.m. I
pi The bigaest saving opportunities ever offered San H
pi Francisco peop'e are presented twice each year at our great f|
M Semi-Annual Remnant Sales. . B
El Ccnv? as soon after 8 a. m. to-morrow as possible and g|
H you'll avoid the crowds. Buv for six months ahead, for 9
H vou'il find remnant prices one-half of usual prices. ||
1 Remnants of French Henrietta Cloth— fj
fa From 1 54 to 9 yard lengths, in such shades as baby blue, purple, pink, H
pa golden brown, garnet, new blue, rose, etc. — for tea gowns, party «
H dresses and evening waists — 36 inches wide — the usual 25c quality: . W
jqffl for all remnants ;. lOc Yard «•
Wm For sale at Market-street etore only. _ Kg
W Remnants o? Scotch Homespun Suitings — ||
JH In Oxford grays, modes, navies and pastel brown mixtures — for out- K|
HI ing suits, tramping skirts, cycling costumes, etc. — from 2 J A to 6 yard EB
|i| lengths— 56 inches wide — the regular $1.00 quality; for all remnants HS
HI ji For sale at Market-street store only. n,
gRemnsnts of Redfern Cheviots— B
mi From 2 to 10 yards in length— from 35 to 38 inches in width — small 9
eM checked and mixed effects — for children's school dresses, shopping &j
EH suits, separate skirts, etc. — were 40c, 50c and 60c a yard; for all rem- i*|
19 nants .17c Yard M
¦1 . For sale at Market-street store only. vn
H Rem^^nts of SPk — 13
H| One of the greatest sellers in our stores this year were our 85c and H
Eg $1.00 fancy silks — a tremendous demand for this line has left an enor- &|
|H mous number of broken lots, odd ends and remnants^ — nearly every M
y] shade you can imagine is here in lengths varying from 2 to 7_yards — H
111 any remnant in this lot .' 45c Yard Off
Q For Sate at both stores. |6
H Remnants of Silk — si
jig Changeable silk — extra heavy — splendid for linings — an odd lot; very w
H special 15c Yard m
H| Fcr sale at Market-street store only. £9
B Remnants of Dimities— H
Eg For waists and children's dresses— dots and stripes predominate — n
fig the ioc grade; any remnant, beginning to-morrow oc Yard |M
|H For sale nt Market-street store only. t|
I Remnants of Ginghams— |a
18 Apron checks and plaids in small patterns of blue and brown — the |a
OH 7j^c grade; in remnant lengths, beginning to-morrow 4c Yard sa
|h , For sale at Market-s'reet store only. Hj
iRemnant Safe of Sheets— |§
|fl A splendid undressed muslin sheet, 72x90 inches — hemmed and ready ft!
Hto use— a grand sheet for 75c; a wonderful special at ...47j^c Each 0
fa Pillow Cases, all week, 9c each. iM
Cong-er on tne Way to China.
KANSAS CITY, July 6.— Edwin H. Con-
ger, United States Minister to China, was
in Kansas City a few minutes to-day on
his way to San Francisco, where on the
37th he will take the Xippon Maru for the
Orient.
S B KATSCHINSKI
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
I 10 THIRD ST., SAN FRANCiSCO.
1 HIGH-GRADE
I OXFORDS
Sold for 95c,
b TVe* b&ve e^veral lines of Ladles*
f| High-grade Chocolate Kid Oxfords that
II we are closing out. Borne with vesting
li tops, other* with kid tops. Medium
B leather and French etltched heels and
El til with coin toea and Up* and hand-
R turned soles. Sold before for $2 and $3.
B Now offered for 95c Don't overlook
R this eal©. We have the following sires:
B AA wide. 8 to 7 C wide. Wt to 3tf
B A wide, i to 6 r> wide. 2% to 4
H B wide. 2% to 4 E wide. 2%
L Misses* and Children's Tan Kid Lace
tl and Button Shoes, kid or vesting: tops,
B coin toes and tips and sprinr. heels,
¦ widths C. D and E, sizes $ to 11. at
tl 75c, and 11% to J at 85o, formerir
5 sold for $1 25 and SI 50. Just the thing
kg for summer. Looks neat, wean well.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
M IO THIRD STREET,
N Ban Fran Cisco. ,.;'..
uuBMBflrnani T ™ ¦" BHSBBBBBBSBBSBlSBHBBBBBBHau
jr saving tHis weeK \
/§K The provident folks who are watching our m
ju special sales are saving good money each week— jft
'W other stores don't dare to meet, our prices. These | ['
ifi prices good until Saturday night, July 13th.
B Mennen's Talcum Nelsons Foot Comfort 15c I
Brf PoWuCT 2 for 25c For tired mnd sore feet; regular 15c 1
K; Sold everywhere for 15c. dacb. »- » /"• t f» " ' I
In r\ ' cn i tc tSPCV S V/rcam I5c S 1
BVC VllyCCnnC & KOSCWatCr IOC A good crwra for the ftce; rejnlar i$c \ <
I iZ?T? " bottle ' <* L y° n ' s Tooth Powder I5c /J
iSt > VVniSK brOOniS I5C Adrerti»e4 ererjwbere at 25c ¦ . I
W.\ Any 15c broom In the etore. Lfl Figurine idCC Powder I5C Jil
vv\'> V^OIiC 5 UuiiQi till VyLXrC OOC — .. - « * . .' 4 _ /%//
¦;wfe Regular Ji.oo-rou .are 35c here. _ -For h»lr; repjlarije.; recced tJila wc«k. |W^
W^ Cutter Whiskey 70c Carnation PinK Soap, box I5c /$/TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
ay .V tn^ thlrd Ume column gives the last tide
?•*• e day< exce Dt when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
btates Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights • of . High and Low
Waters x at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low? waters occur at
the city fro.nt . (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
for Coos Bay, In tow of tug Ida W.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Western Home— July S, at 6 a^ m.
In dense fog and calm, went ashore stern nrsi
on Duxbury Reef. Carried away rudder neau
and broke piece of centerboard. Vessel is noi
leaking.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 6, 10 p m— weather
thick; wind \V, velocity 8 miles per hour.
v DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed July fr— Schr Inca, for
Noumea; schr Lyman D Foster, for Callao.
LOMPOC— Sailed July 5— Stmr Noyo, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed July 5— Stmr
Aloha, tor Port Los Angeles.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 6— Stmr Co
quille River, hence July 2. "i.
Sailed July 5— Schr Lizzie Vance, for San
Francisco. July 6— Schr Oceania Vance, for
Honolulu; schr Peerless, for Santa Rosalia.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July &— Nor
stmr Tltania, for Nanaimo.
EUREKA— Arrived July 6— Stmr Pasaneda,
from Ventura; schr Abbie, hence June 27.
Sailed July 6— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Robert Dollar, tor Seattle.
' SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 6— Stmr Luella,
from San Diego; stmr South Coast, from Cas
par.
Sailed July 6— Stmrs Luella and Scotia, for
SAN DIEGO — Sailed July 6 — Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 6— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. .
TACOMA— Sailed July 6— Bark Big Bonan
za, for Sydney.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 5— Stmr Humboldt,
for gkasruay; stmr City of Topeka, for Skag
uay. . ¦ .
• EVERETT— Arrived July 6— Stmr Coronado,
hence July 1. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 4— Br ship Waver
tree, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 5— Br shio Ben
Lee, . from Tacoma; Br ship County of Dum
fries, from Oregon.
- AUCKLAND— Sailed July 6— Stmr Marlposa,
for San Francisco. .
- CALLAO— Sailed May 30— Br ship Galgate,
for Portland, Or.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 27— Ger stmr Na
ko, for San Francisco.
¦ YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 4— Br stmr Bel
gian King, for San Diego.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived July 5— Ship Alex
Gibson, from ' Moody ville.
NANAIMO— Sailed July 6— Stmr San Mateo,
for Port Los Angeles.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 4— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK-Sailed July 6-Stmr Pretoria,
for Hamburg; stmr Marquette, for London;
stmr Etrurla, for Liverpool; stmr Statendam,
for Rotterdam; stmr Aller, for Naples; stmr
Astoria, for Glasgow.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 6— Stmr Pennland,
for New York. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 6— Stmr Bovlc.
from New York.
Sailed July 6— Stmr Umbrla. for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed July 6-Stmr L'Aqultalne,
for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed July 6— Stmr Grosser Kur
furst. for New York. /
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 6— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 6— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Honckonc. . »
. — ?
SUNDAY, JULY 7.
"W. H. Stewart, formerly assistant ma
rln« superintendent of the Risdon Iron
¦W'crks, has been appointed engineer sur
veyor to Lloyds.
Branch Hydrographlo Offlce, IT. S. N., Mer
¦ chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal
July 6. 1901. , '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
- C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, TJ. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
LONDON, July 6.— At the Mansion
House Police Court to-day Julian Field,
an author, was committed for trial on the
charge of forging an agreement whereby
It was made to appear that William Wal
dorf Astor had promised to pay him £1400
for stories to be published In Astor's
magazine. Field denies that he Is guilty
of the alleged forgery and avers that he
has a complete answer to the charge.
Author Accused of a Forgery.
OGDEN, Utah. July 6.— J. P. Hays, the
alleged nephew of President Hays of the
Southern Pacific, who was arrested here
on the charge of forging the president's
name to a railroad pass, was arraigned
before District Judge Rolapp this after
noon and pleaded not guilty. He was re
manded to the County Jail under $1000
bonds to await trial In September. Hays
claims that he did nothing more than he
has done several times before; simply ex
tended a pass which had expired.
Hays Is Remanded for Trial.
The maximum temperature for the day
In Washington was reported at 2:30 this
afternoon, when the Weather Bureau re
corded S5. which Is two degrees less than
WASHINGTON. July 6.— The backbone
of the hot wave has been broken, at least
temporarily, by showers and thunder
storms that swept over the Atlantic
States and the upper lake region this aft
ernoon, but the Weather. Bureau holds
out no assurances as to the permanency
of the break. Up in Xova Scotia the ba
rometric high pressure area is banked up
to-nlght, giving promise of winds from the
eastward, with cooler weather In its train.
It is very much cooler to-nlght through
JCew Kngland and the storme this, after
noon and evening, according to Forecast
Official Frankenfield, gave promise that
tne r.ext day or two at least will not be
ko abnormally hot as the record-breaking
days of the past week. The mercury has
fallen In greater'' or, ¦ less degree every
v-here to the east of^ihe Mississippi, while
west of the Mississippi, except in the ex
treme Southwest, tfce temperature Is con
siderably warmer. Further relief in tne
way of showers In the New Bngland and
Middle Atlantic and thunderstorms In the
South, Including part of the West Gulf
States, together with variable winds and
clouds In the lake region, is predicted for
the maximum for the corresponding day
last year. But the storm that broke a
little later caused a drop of 24 degrees
within three and a half hours. The night
¦was cool, -with a refreshing 1 breeze.
Showers and Thunderstorms Sweep Over. Atlantic States
and Upper Lake Region, Affording Great Relief.'
: •-*-¦. , • — — — . -. . . •
BACKBONE OF HOT WAVE
IS TEMPORARILY BROKEN
. \ Saturday, July 6.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nicolaon, San Pedro;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Btmr Rainier, Hansen, 1 Seattle; Thomas Pol
"tmr Geo W- Elder.. Randall, AJitoria; O R
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, ' Honolulu; J D
Spreckel*. & -Bros Co. „ ;. „
Stmr Curacao. Parsons, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. .. ' ¦ -.
•• Chil stmr Tucapel, Moffett, Valparaiso; Bal-
Ba'ric S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu; "Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
Brig Galilee, Helllnsrsen, Mahukona; Hind.
B0l,h & C0. EAILED<
Saturday, July 6.
Stmr Sierra. • Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nlcolson, San . Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, • Eureka. - - •
Stmr Whitcsboro, Olsen, Greenwood. . '
Btmr AVashtenaw, Zolling, Tacoma.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.. ...,j',: ;
Chll 'stmr. Tucanel. Moffett, Valparaiso. . -> v - .•/
Ship Glory 'of the Seas, Freeman; Comox.
Brig ' Galilee, Hell inssen, Mahukona.' ¦
Sclir Luisa D, Dickson, - — . ; ¦
Schr Alvena.' Johnson, Tacoma, ." . .
Schr Del Ncrte, Jacobsen, Rogue River. !
' Schr Maid of Orleans, Morris, Chlgnik Bay.
• RETURNED. ; s
. . ;., Saturday,'* July 6.
Ecbr Western Home, Jacobsen. hence July i,
Saturday, . July 6.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. 56 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyiran, 4 days from
Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
Tha British ship Sierra Estrella cleared yep
terday for Queenstown for orders with 47.554
ctls wheat, valued at $46,365, and 19,000 feet
of lumber as dunnage, valued at $283.
Wheat Shipment.
Cargo on the Tucapel.
The steamer Tucapel sailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $44,323. manifested up to 1 p. m., as
follows: For Mexico, $4S82; Central America.
$12 679 ;' Panama. J4936; Ecuador, $3441;. Peru,
$17|640; Chile, $727. The cargo Included the fol
°For g Mexico— 4 pkes acid, 1446 lbs bread, 23
tons coal 220 gals coal oil. 81,000 lbs China
clay, 11 cs drugs, 7 bales dry goods. 93, pkgs
groceries and provisions. 20 bales hay, 160 -cs
hardware 12,286 feet lumber, 25 flasks quick*
silver, 38* pkgs paint, 20 pkgs paste, -10 bdis
spices, 115 bdls snooks, 86 pkgs fruit and veg<*3
For Central America— 10 cs cartridges, 300 gfcls.
coal oil 4 head cattle. 137,500 lbs corn. 100 bkls
cement. 975 bbls flour 17 pkgs furniture, , 26
DkKS groceries and provisions, 7 rolls leather, 20
cs liauors, 600 lbs lard, 97,218 lbs malt, 5 pkgs
oil 10 pkgs paint, 24 bdls paper, 13 cr potatoes,
4385 lbs rice, 10 cs tar. 160 cs 191» gals wine. 48
cs wtii*sky **• ' '
For Panama— 1900 cs soap. 100 lbs cheese, 84
gals wine, 200 cr garlic, 100 cr onions, 600 bbls
flour 20 cr potatoes. 800 lbs tea, 48,125 lbs rice,
9 pkgs groceries and provisions. - "¦'•
For Ecuador— 290 bbls flour, 44 gals wine, 75
colls cordage. 6014 lbs tallow, 48 cs salmon, 18,
990 lbs rice. 82 pkgrs groceries and provisions.
For Chile— 3 pkgrs machinery, 1027 lbs lard, 82
cs salmon. 25 bbls flour, 20 cs whisky, 6 pkgs
groceries and provisions. ,. OT
For Peru— 626 cs salmon, 1266 lbs bread. 21 cs
canned goods. 4625 lbs dried fruit." 11.200. ctls
wheat 8809 feet lumber, 4620 lbs ham, 132 bdls
shooks. 28 pkgs machinery. 8 pkgs groceries and
provisions. _- ¦¦ ¦ .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Over at Alameda Point' Hay & Wright
are building another four-masted schooner
for Sanders & Kirchman. For two years
now this firm has been turning out new
vessels as fast as it could build them,, and
new it has enough work ahead/ to keep it
going for twelve months. The new schoorf
er is to be named Samar and will be a
sis-ter ship to the Philippine and Mindora.
There will be no fault to flndy.with the
Samar if she equals her -sisters. . Her
builders say she will excel them. The
Samar will be 175 feet longv 38 feet 6 inches
beam and 14 feet deep. She is intended
for the Philippines and "off shore" trade.
Another Four-Master, Building.
THERE was quite a scene on How
ard-street wharf yesterday prior
to the departure of the steamship
Tucapel of the Companla sud
Americana de Vapores. A de
serted wife, accompanied by a policeman,
was there looking for her husbandiand
four-month-old - baby. The man had told
a number of people that he was going to
South America, but he did not sail on the
Tucapel, or if he did he v/as so securely
stowed away that the crew could not find
him.
Several years ago pretty Lottie Perkins
of 590 Stevenson street met Francisco Cas
sio. He passed himself off as the inter
preter employed by the management of
the Occidental Hotel, and as he spoke
four languages fluently and was an ac
complished musician the young lady be
lieved him. At the Occidental, however,
where he was employed as a waiter^
Francisco was known as Frank Swain*
alias "the Black Diamond."
On April 9, 1899, when Miss Perkins was
18 years of age. Cassio took her to a pic
nic at San Rafael and while there per
suaded her to marry him. For five months
the secret was kept from Lottie's mother.
Soon after it came out that Cassio was
only a waiter and quarrels began. Last
"Wednesday Swain gave up his job at the
Occidental and going home told his wife
he was going to leave. One word" led to
another and Cassio knocked his wife
down. Thafnight he returned home, and
while his wife was in another room he
picked up the four-month-old . baby and
decamped.
Cassio made all his plans for running
away several weeks ago. For the "past
ten days he has been advertising for a
nurse who could speak Spanish only; "and
he evidently secured what he wanted.
Last Wednesday he told .Dr. lturrizaga,
surgeon of the Tucapel, that he was going
to Peru on that steamship as a passenger.
To others he said he was going to play
the "prodigal son" and return to his
father, who is a wealthy planter living
near Lima. His wife swore to a warrant
for his arrest on a charge of battery and
the harbor police are still looking for
him. They are certain that he did not get
away on the Tucapel nor on the Sierra;
and to-day they will keep a watch on the
Curacao that sails for Mexican ports at
10 a. m. •
NEW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER SAMAR, NOW BUILDING AT HAY & WRIGHT'S YARDS, ALAMEDA POINT,
FOR SANDERS & KIRCHMAN. SHE WILL BE A SISTER SHIP TO THE PHILIPPINE AND MINDORA, AND
IS INTENDED FOR THE PHILIPPINE TRADE.
SEARCHES STEAMSHIPS FOR A MAN
WHO H AS RUN AWAY WITH HIS BABY
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
20
Sun rises ....4:5:!
Sun sets... , .7:85
Moon rises ' 10:52 p. m.
1 . Time - Time :•- Timel Time
Date Ft. Ft. " Ft. Ft.
• ¦ H W L. W . H W L. W
-7 .. 3:C0 4.fi! 9:C4 0.8 4:01 5.4 10:10 1.7
'8 .. 4:11 4.3 9:56 1.4 4:44 5.6 11:11 1.2
9... 5:201 4.0 10:4S l.S 5:34 5.8
• L Wi H "W [L W ¦ ¦ H W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 3.9 11:46 2.3 6:23 6.0
11 ... 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.9 12:4fi 2.6 7:16 6.2
12... 2:261-0.4 9:23 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:09 6.4
IS... 3:201—0.8 10:26-4.5 2:44 2.8 9:03 6.5
Steamer.
Noyo
Rival
Arcata
Eureka
Bonlta..
Corona
Luella
St. Paul
Milton
Pomona
Leelanaw
Nippon Maru..
Columbia
Matteawan
G. Dollar
Acme
Progreso
Empire
Newburg
Czarina
Despatch
Newport •
Conemaugh
Mackinaw......
Santa Rosa....
Walla Walla...
Alliance
Zealandia
Arequlpa..
Point Arena
Cayucos
Willapa Harbor
Coos Bay
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way Ports
San Diego
San Diego
Nome & St. Michael...
Nanaimo
Humboldt
N. Y. via Panama
China and Japan
Portland and Astoria..
Tacoma .?.
Grays Harbor
Siuslaw River
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma....
San Pedro
Panama & Way Ports.
Nome & St. Michael...
Seattle
San Diego
Puget Sound Ports
Portlanfl & Coos Bay..
Honolulu
Valparaiso & Way Pts
Point Arena
From.
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July" 8
July 8
July 8
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July ID
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 12
July 12
(July 12
Due.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Fulton
Noyo
W. Kruger...
Curacao
G. W. Elder..
North Fork..
Santa Rosa..
Santa Barb...
Arcata
Point Arena..
San Jose
San Pedro..:.
Ammon
Doric:
Eureka.......
Bonlta
Jnly 7.
Grays Harbor .... 2 pm
Humboldt 12 m
Tillamook Bay .... 4 pm
Mexican Ports .... 10 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
Humboldt' 12 m
San Dieso 9 am
.Inly 8.
Humboldt 4 pm
Coos Bay 4 pm
Point Arena 2 pm
Panama & Way... 12 m
Jnly O.
Humboldt 10 am
Hamburg & Way.. 12 m
China and Japan.. 1 pm
Humboldt 9 am
San Pedro 9 am
Jnly 1O.
Coos Bay 5 pm
Willapa Harbor. .. 5 pm|
Nome & St Michael 2 pm
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
San Diego 9 am
July 11.
Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm
Seattle & Tacorna.. 12 m
Humboldt 1:30 p 1
Tillamook Bay .... 3 pm
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am
July t'Z.
Portland & Astoria. 11 am
-Manila v. Pgt Sd. 1 pm
Grays Harbor 5 pm]
Grays Harbor .../. 5 pm|
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier U
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier IS
Pier 11
Empire.......
Rival
St. Paul
City of Puebl
Corona
Pier 13
5th St.
Pier 34
Pier 9
Pier IX
Despatch.....
Czarina
Pomona
Acme
Ventura
Pier 18
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 7
Columbia
Algoa
G. Dollar
Newburgr
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 7
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports... July 10
Portland Nome & St. Michael.... July 10
Cottage City'... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dlrigo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Steamer.
Noyo
Rival
Arcata
Eureka
Bonlta..
Corona
Luella
St. Paul
Milton
Pomona
Leelanaw
Nippon Maru..
Columbia
Matteawan
G. Dollar
Acme
Progreso
Empire
Newburg
Czarina
Despatch
Newport •
Conemaugh
Mackinaw......
Santa Rosa....
Walla Walla...
Alliance
Zealandia
Arequlpa..
Point Arena
Cayucos
Willapa Harbor
Coos Bay
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way Ports
San Diego
San Diego
Nome & St. Michael...
Nanaimo
Humboldt
N. Y. via Panama
China and Japan
Portland and Astoria..
Tacoma .?.
Grays Harbor
Siuslaw River
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma....
San Pedro
Panama & Way Ports.
Nome & St. Michael...
Seattle
San Diego
Puget Sound Ports
Portlanfl & Coos Bay..
Honolulu
Valparaiso & Way Pts
Point Arena
From.
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July 7
July" 8
July 8
July 8
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July ID
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 12
July 12
(July 12
Due.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Fulton
Noyo
W. Kruger...
Curacao
G. W. Elder..
North Fork..
Santa Rosa..
Santa Barb...
Arcata
Point Arena..
San Jose
San Pedro..:.
Ammon
Doric:
Eureka.......
Bonlta
Jnly 7.
Grays Harbor .... 2 pm
Humboldt 12 m
Tillamook Bay .... 4 pm
Mexican Ports .... 10 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
Humboldt' 12 m
San Dieso 9 am
.Inly 8.
Humboldt 4 pm
Coos Bay 4 pm
Point Arena 2 pm
Panama & Way... 12 m
Jnly O.
Humboldt 10 am
Hamburg & Way.. 12 m
China and Japan.. 1 pm
Humboldt 9 am
San Pedro 9 am
Jnly 1O.
Coos Bay 5 pm
Willapa Harbor. .. 5 pm|
Nome & St Michael 2 pm
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
San Diego 9 am
July 11.
Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm
Seattle & Tacorna.. 12 m
Humboldt 1:30 p 1
Tillamook Bay .... 3 pm
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am
July t'Z.
Portland & Astoria. 11 am
-Manila v. Pgt Sd. 1 pm
Grays Harbor 5 pm]
Grays Harbor .../. 5 pm|
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier U
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier IS
Pier 11
Empire.......
Rival
St. Paul
City of Puebl
Corona
Pier 13
5th St.
Pier 34
Pier 9
Pier IX
Despatch.....
Czarina
Pomona
Acme
Ventura
Pier 18
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 7
Columbia
Algoa
G. Dollar
Newburgr
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 7
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports... July 10
Portland Nome & St. Michael.... July 10
Cottage City'... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dlrigo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Sun rises ....4:5:!
Sun sets... , .7:85
Moon rises ' 10:52 p. m.
1 . Time - Time :•- Timel Time
Date Ft. Ft. " Ft. Ft.
• ¦ H W L. W . H W L. W
-7 .. 3:C0 4.fi! 9:C4 0.8 4:01 5.4 10:10 1.7
'8 .. 4:11 4.3 9:56 1.4 4:44 5.6 11:11 1.2
9... 5:201 4.0 10:4S l.S 5:34 5.8
• L Wi H "W [L W ¦ ¦ H W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 3.9 11:46 2.3 6:23 6.0
11 ... 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.9 12:4fi 2.6 7:16 6.2
12... 2:261-0.4 9:23 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:09 6.4
IS... 3:201—0.8 10:26-4.5 2:44 2.8 9:03 6.5
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE — —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHGENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending- on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... $2,237,02$ 25
Cash in company's Office 221 63
Cash in Banks 23,224 54
Interest due and accrued on all __
Stocks and Loans 25,431 25
Cash in hands of U. S. Trustees 397,376 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 237,25126
Due from pther Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 13,403 53
Total Assets ...„. .....$2,932,934 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $125,789 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ....". 167.937 12
Losses resisted. Including- expenses 22,225 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,658,963 87;
reinsurance 50 per cent '.. 829,181 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- more than one year. $1,480.-
104 03; reinsurance pro rata 761,192 22
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 25,879 64
All other liabilities 203.690 08
Total Liabilities 12,138.185 00
INCOMBt .
Net cash actually received for Fl»"
premiums $2,281,323 03
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 73,210 28
Total Incoma , $2,254,533 84
.. EXPENDITURES. =
Net amount paid for Fire Losses — .' '
(Including? $253,326 00. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,560,453 64
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 446 94198
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 136 331 29
Paid for Btate. National and Local ¦•***»
taxes : 76.1C5 75
All other payments and expendi-
tures... 140.008 82
Total Expenditures .$2,359,841 <g
- Fire.
Losses incurred during tht year... .$1,534,359 $2
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks.' Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during ¦ the - •'
year $398,834,133 $3,432,350 19
Net amount ' of Risks
expired during the
Tear /. 869.213,974 2.976,730 36
Nat amount in force
December n. 1900.... 315,819.143 3.139.C67 93
A. D. IRVING,
United States Manager
Subscribed and sworn to bef or* me. this
td day of February. 1901. .
> GEORGE O. RUGER. Notary Public
pacific coasFdepartment.
BDTLER& HEWITT,
General Agents,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
A CNIOMEVTCR'S CN6USM
Pehbyroyai pills
hmsam,
STATEMEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fire Association
OF PHILADELPHIA. In tha State of Penn-
sylvania, on tha 31st day of December. A.
D. 1900. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 810 and 611 of the Political Coda.
condensed as per' blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner.
- CAPITAI*.
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash . $500,000 <*
ASSETS.
Real Estaia owned by Company...... $493,800 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 1.506.810 83
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,072,428 09
Amount of Loans secured by pled?*
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral, 83.140 It
Cash in Company's Office 25.483 59
Cash in Banks „.... 230,701 90
Interest due and accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans tt,988«
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 43.031 S>
Premiums in due Course of Colleo- '
tlon _ 838.363 51
Rents due and accrued 2.160 21
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 23,596 M
Total Assets __.M.S40.£S0 99
L1ABIIJTIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 123,553 S3
Losses In process ot Adjustment 6r
in Suspense 244,639 90
i/osses resisted. Including expenses.. 40,994 1\
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less, $2,085,982 SS;
reinsurance 50 per- cent 1042,991 IS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than ona year. $3,377,-
889 84; reinsurance pro rata 1.285.389 35
Amount reclalmable by tha Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. L945.077 45
All other liabilities „..„ 845,573 87
Total liabilities ..........^...^..$4,914,201 83
v;:^ IXCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire'
premiums $2,912,467 71
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 107,244 70)
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 137,862 85
Received for Rents 13.697 93
Received from all other sources.... 5.704 so
Total. Income '... |3.tS1.9T7 59
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $294,803 23, losses of pre-
vious years) , H.R43.58O 11
Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 638.67179
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 237,729 23
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 112,147 59
All' other Payments and Expendi-
tures 137.092 21
Total Expenditures ..; $3,189.220 93
.'—:': Flrel
Losses incurred during the year.. ..$1.797. 230 55
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the ~* ; *
year $304,327,744 $3,753.912 24
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 282,637.311 3,321.767 20
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900 410,681.738 4.793, 767 9S
F- C. IB WIN. Prest.
M. G. CARRIGUES. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of "January. 1901.
THOMAS B. PROSSER.
Notary Public
J. M. BECi<7 Manager.
JNO. D. RICHARDS. Mgr.S. F. Dapt.,
219 SANSOME STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year,
This great Vegetable yitalizer, the prescription of a famous French physi-
cian, will quickly cure you of all nervo us or diseases of the generative organs,
LOST MANHOOD, INSOMNIA, PAINS IN THE BACK,
j SEMINAL EMISSIONS, NERVOUS DEBILITY,
PIMPLES, UNF1TNESS TO MARRY,
¦ EXHAUSTING DRAINS, VARICO-
CELE and CONSTIPATION.
It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quickness of discharRe,
which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and all the horrors of impo-
tency. CUPIDENE cleanses the liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs
of all impurities. CUPIDENE strengthens and restores small, weak organs.
I The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors is because 90 per cent are
. troubled with P'cO.S .A « tTlS
* CUPIDENE, the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000
testimonials.. A written' guarantee' Riven and money' returned if six boxes does
not effect a permanent cure. $1.00 a box, 6 for $5.00 by mail. Send for FREE
DA VOL. EV1EDICINE CO., 4O Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal
For tale by GRANT DRUG' CO., 38. Third ct. ¦ .• . ' .
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '- v .
p — ™~ — - ¦¦ . - , :
The French P. D. and
The American J. B.
These brands are acknowledged to be the best, fitting,
longest wearing and most comfortable corsets made; they give
the figure a style and elegance which is unequaled by any
| other make and allow the wearer perfect ease and comfort.
; We carry these celebrated corsets in fifty different styles
in short and medium waisted; also the latest shapes ill the
' SHORT ABOVE AND LONG BELOW the waist. They 'are well
made of the best sateen, coutille, batiste and silk in all colors,
. nicely trimmed, well boned and containing the best, steels.
• Our corset department is the largest, most cheerful and
convenient in San Francisco and has large, airy and well-lighted
fitting rooms.
Specially Desirable at $4.00
We particularly recommend s.tyle.u 88, P. D. Corset, which
has a medium waist, low bust, Venus back, hip gores, and is^
long below the waist, made of unlined figured French Coutille,
.well boned with real whalebone and trimmed with lace and
ribbon. Price $4.00 per pair.
Turkish Towels— -20c each
A special purchase of a good quality, large size, extra
heavy, cream color Turkish towels with fringed ends ; excep-
l tional value at 20c each.
Ladies' Skirts — $1.50 each
A large purchase of ladies' white muslin under-skirts, nicely
made, with a deep embroidery flounce, to sell at the special
price of Si. 50 each. {
Bathing Suits- — $1.25
Men's two-part cotton bathing suits, well made and suit-
able for the interior or for surf bathing; colors black and
navy, with red and white stripes, at $1.25 a suit.
Covert Cloth- — 8^'c a yard
Doi ble-faced covert cloth, 27 inches wide, with one side
plain an i on the reverse a pretty plaid, suitable for serviceable
camping and outing suits; closing-out price 8>k a yard.
Bed Comforters — 1.25 each
• , Pure white cotton filled, good-sized bed comforters, just the
correct weight for summer use; coveredwith silkoline in a vari.
ety of artistic floral designs at»the very low price of $1.25 each-
Axminster Rugs- — $2.00
All-worsted axminster rugs, which are made from a supe-
| rior grade of wool, size 28x64 inches, in a large variety of
oriental and floral designs, reduced from $2.75 to $2.00 each.
I 129 Keatny Street
Rheumatism is due to an excess of acid in the /-^^^\ W&SjWl I r
blood. When this escapes through the pores of the jfr^X^Mtt • l£UL!
skin, as it often does, it produces some form. of skin \T ~X( ¦/T_ ' r!
eruption — some itching disease like Eczema or Y^^^Ft Iff^^ 1
Tetter — but "when these little tubes or sweat glands y^^~\]^^'^ *
are suddenly closed by exposure to cold and sudden . /fi\\ O^loL''*^^^''
chilling of the body, then the poisons thrown off by M^<&ti^ 1 "JE^j>,
the blood, finding no outlet, settle in membranes, '.S3***" -':'. -«^gr^--'
muscles, tissues and nerves. These parts become greatly inflamed, feverish and
hot ; dagger-like, maddening pains follow in quick succession, the muscles become
extremely tender, the nerves break down and the sufferer 13 soon reduced to a state
of helplessness and misery. This acid poison penetrates the joints and seems to
dry out the natural oils, and' the legs, arms and fingers become so stiff and sore
that eve : / movement 19 attended with excruciating- pains.
Liniments, plasters, electricity and baths, while their use may give temporary
ease, cannot be called cures, for the disease returns -with every change of the weather.
.. - S.S. S. cures Rheumatism by
"Three years ago I had a severe attack of working a complete change ia
la grippe, which left me almost a physical the blood ; the acids are neutral-
tried all the physicians in our city, but none r^ n S?J J^^T W th^. M
of them could do me any permanent good. I earned to the irritated, achinar
used all the rheumatio cures I could hoar of, muscles and joints, 6ootaes and
but receivod no benefit. After begdnniner S. S. heals them. S. S. S. cures Rheu- ;
S. I ¦was relieved of the pains and have grained matism even when inherited or
the grandest blood medicine In. the world, ?*Jf e J Ca ST* . °P lum » « «»•
and heartily recommend it to any. one seek, form, : is tne basis of nearly all
insr relief from the tortures of Rheumatism, so-called- Rheumatic Cures,
,„ , B. F. GEEGOEY, Union, S. C." which deaden the pain but do
# • ' :>¦ , ' not touch the disease and lead
to ruinous habits. V Alkalies and the potash and mineral remedies so often pre-
scribed, 1 : affect the tender lining of the stomach and weaken the digestion, Uius
addnig another burden to the already weak and impoverished blood. S. S. S. con-
tams no mineral or dangerous drug {of ; any kind, butis a simple, vegetable
remedy and the most perfect blood purifier known. Send for our book on Rheu-
matism and write our physicians if yon wish any information or advice. We would
be glad to mail you a book free ; we charge nothing whatever for medical advice.
COMPANY, ATLANTA. QA,
¦¦ .. ¦ '-¦¦¦ i -¦ - /.--.•.-: — ¦4:jZ-'~-- :•"' -'.¦¦-¦•-¦•¦ -• ;¦ •¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ __ ; : : .
Sterling' Furniture |3gas«g
Dainty White Maple Sterling
Bedroom Suite $2025 M«H rACCPC
The design and finish Is all that you would expect in a «40 lllfl 1 11 W J J V J
suite. The wood is white and clear and well polished. The
bed has wide panels in head and foot board. The bureau ia
ii inches wide and the bereled plate mirror is 20xU inches. Here are some Ol
CREDIT ? With pleasure, if yon want it 1 jJjq mattresses we
We give credit on advertised goods and at the prices aaver- ,, t^ _..._
tised. No extra charges for anything! sell On tne monev-
1 1 back principle. We
' »i i' make them our-
* ' "II \ ' ' T "*t^'~ '?." ~>1 'i".»I i! r' - selves and gnaran-
"Sterling" Prices for Vim-win^t .
Parlor Tables J^-^ST
Q^_ b-uysthe one shown in pic- HAIR— Shorter, but
~ZJ^ tore. Its made of birch it ran be made over
finished mahogany color and polished an a over jis. CO
18 inch shaped top. wwcsttttvt
«»l *\£S btiys one in, golden oat K 5rrRT^in Tttatr—
•J* 1 ** 5 -^ ?ery simiblr in design SP$££5, H £ I ?nv
to the 95c one, but larger-:^ inch top, *° «|^o
29 inches high. mattrees^.... J8.U0
tf>1 Q^; bays one in REAL MOSS XXXX— Just
*P*«"-^ MAHOGANY.. 20 inch the best New Or-
top, French legs, shelf below. leans moss $7.25
The tops of some of these tables are slightly warped and SILK FLOSS OR
some are perfect. Pick out the one yon like $1.95 KAPOCK — Pat in
$2.O3 buys a polished, quarter-sawed oak library table the son and see it
with drawer, i0x2U inch top, shelf below. Edges have beade d paff up...... ... $ft.C0
finish. ¦ • In cheaper tick-
'¦ ¦ ing $9.00
NO MAIL OR TELEPHONE ORDERS BTTOmn , v _
FOR THESE GOODS ACCEPTED moS l> lbs white
"7~~ ~ ¦ cotton, San Ramon
Bed Lounges Upholstered in tickins * 8(Xi
"\r _i_,,' fl»*y A.X. EOYAL— Gives' more
' V elOXirS, 3>7.'<h5 res t in" less time
and very good ones they are! Strongly made and intended to tr^U*™ 03 * S a «
stand rough usage. Your choice of a dozen colors of coverings messes -.*>.»}
„. , . , . ,. ~ SANITARY — Jnst
We'd be glad to have you open an account with us what tha names im-
You can make the payments to suit your convenience plies... ....W.U)
Sterling F-urniture
fe iF--*-Coinpany°V5L^3
-l.—.n l'Jo'39'g Market L^_^
I = Oppo»il« McAllist.r jUWiJlMrllilTHE Epworth League officials have
been busy for several months ar
ranging for a great fair to be held
simultaneously with the interna
tional convention. Every county
and city in the State has been requested
to furnish an exhibit tor the occasion,
and everywhere the people have eagerly
grasped the opportunity to show the
choicest products of their respective lo
calities to the visitors from the East.
Display of Fruits and Flowers.
The exhibition will be held on the Grove-
More than 60,000 strangers will be enter
tained ln San Francisco during the con
vention. It i» desired that they »hall re
alise that California ls In truth "the land
of promise." Fruits and flowers from
every corner of the State will be in evi
dence. Specimens of the world-famed red
woods will be displayed. The products of
the coast waters will occupy a large sec
tion of the space alloted for the exhibition.
Nothing which ls to-be found or can be
produced better in this State than in any
other will be lacking. ,
As soon as the delegates cross the border
of California enthusiastic young people
will welcome them with rifts representa
tive of this section of the country.
Throughout their stay and until they de
part this ovation will continue. No stone
will be left unturned to induce them to
carry back to their friends ln the East a
true report of the advantages and possi
bilities of California. «
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of - Rail
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery, street, .*
Khedive Visits the Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 6.— The Khe
dive of- Egypt arrived here . to-day and
proceeded to visit the Sultan at the Yildlz
Palace. . ¦ : • • ' -
Passed Drugs to Prisoners.
Under the new law which 'came into ef
fect on July 1 it is made a'felony to pass
drugs to prisoners. • Yesterday. George
Edwards, alias Davis, - and Frank Bran
nan were held to answer before . the
Superior Court by Judge Conlan for pass
ing morphine to prisoners in the County
Jail. Their bonds were fixed at $500. ;-}
A Song of Upward-Onward!
Longfellow's stirring poem of "Excel
sior" ¦ forms the theme of - the Pattoslen
Company's big furniture announcement In
to-day's issue. The remarkable popular
ity and high standing achieved by this
great house is truthfully coincident with
the heroism of Longfellow's hero.
Survives Terrible Injuries.
The last of the victims of the glass
house accident! which occurred . last
Thanksgiving day, left the City and Coun
ty Hospital yesterday. The boy Peddler,
whose life had been despaired of for
weeks after the accident, was discharged
but he will be a cripple for life. The in
juries affected his spine and caused par
alysis of the lower limbs. Dr. Maher,
who had him constantly under observa
tion,, considers the case a most extraor
dinary one. . That Peddler survived his
injuries is remarkable, as his whole sys
tem was shaken up and in addition he
was hadly burned.
BERLIN, July 6.— The special embassy
from Morocco, on its arrival here to-day,
lost no time in beginning business. The
members of the Embassy visited the For
eign Office at noon, being conveyed there
in ccurt carriages. They had a long talk
with . Baron . von Richthof, the Foreign
Minister. It Is expected that Emperor
William will grant the Embassy an audi
ence to-morrow.
The annual summer exodus from. Ber
lin to the seaside or mountains has begun.
The schools have been closed until the
middle of August. All trains for the past
couple of days have been terribly over
crowded. It is said that fully a quarter
of a million "Berliners have already left.
Scores of charitable missions are enabling
the children of the poor to go to the sea
side and the sanitariums are busy dis
patching trainloads of invalids to the
coast. The number of people taking vaca
tions this year has been increased greatly
not only in Berlin but throughout Ger
many, owing to the Prussian Government
having extended the period of validity of
return railroad tickets to forty-five days.
This was a shrewd move on the part of
the Minister of Public Works, Herr Thlel
en, which the South German States have
already .imitated.
Andrew D. White, the United States
Embassador, this week, as an honorary
member, attended the celebration of Lieb
nitz day at the Academy of Sciences. The
proceedings were extremely interesting
Mr. White was paid unusual attention.
A series of bicycle competitions for the
world's championships here will begin to
morrow. Ninety-flve cyclists have en
tered for the 278 events, which include a
100-kilometre amateur championship race.
The races will continue for three weeks.
Special Embassy of the
Sultan Arrives in
Berlin.
KAISER AWAITS
THE MOROCCANS
TELLURIDE, Colo.. July 6.— With the
positive information from Lieutenant
Governor Coates, a member of the com
mission appointed by the Governor to in
vestigate the strike in the Smuggler-
Union mine, that Governor Orman would
not send troops, and with the assurance
from the mine managers of the district
that they could not longer afford to close
down to aid him, Arthur L. Collins, gen
eral manager of the Smuggler-Union
mine, this afternoon conceded several
points and a. settlement between himself
and the miners' union was made. This
ends the strike. Many miners will return
to work Monday and within a few weeks
the 1 mine will be opened to something like
its full capacity.
The terms of settlement are looked upon
as a victory for the miners, and to-night
hundreds are celebrating in Telluride. The
tension of the last four days has been re
moved and the miners and citizens alike
are jubilant.
Prominent Men in Council.
The agreement was signed after a con
ference lasting three hours, in which the
following persons participated, in addition
to the local committee of five appointed
at a meeting of the citizens a week ago:
Lieutenant Governor D. C. Coates. Theron
Stevens, Judge of this district, and John
Murphy, attorney for the miners' union,
the three composing the Governor's com
mission; Arthur L. Collins, general man
ager of the Smuggler-Union mines; Pres
ident St. John and Secretary Carpenter
of the local union, and T. M. Sullivan of
the executive committee of the Western
Federation of Miners. The local union
held a meeting to-night and declared the
strike off. . • •
By the terms of the settlement non
union men may be employed In the Smug
gler-TJnion mines. It is certain, however,
that the union miners will not allow non
union men to remain so any longer than
they can help. The union is permitted,
JTJUY ACQUITS MAN
. WHO ADMITS GUILT
Turns Loose a Hunter Who Was Cap-
tured With. Quail in His
f . Possession.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— By acquitting Sam
uel Devito of a charge of shooting quail
out of season, after the defendant ad
mitted the breach of law, a jury ln a Jus
tice .Court' has aroused the members of
the Santa Clara County Game Protective
Association.-. At a meeting last night the
jurors were scored and the officer who
subpenaed them denounced. ;*
¦ Devito | and a | companion were seen to
shoot the birds and were arrested with
them in their possession. | A number of re
putable witnesses j swore to these facts.
Devito admitted having killed : the quail,
but pleaded that they did not resemble the
quail of Italy and consequently he did not
know they. were such. .On these grounds
the jury acquitted, him. Devito had pre
viously agreed to plead guilty, if he were
let oft with a fine of S2S. ¦'
¦ The 800 members of the Game Protective
Association declare they will enter poll
tics if necessary to obtain convictions of
game law offenders. • '
STRIKERS AND MANAGERS CONFER
AND COLORADO MINE WAR CEASES
6. If the president or secretary of th«
union shall at this time represent to the man'
agement of the mine that any contractor is 'In-
through its president or secretary, to de
clare a man incompetent and order his
discharge. This feature of the settlement
Is a distinct advantage to the union and
will enable the union to regulate unionism
in the mines. The secretary is given the
right to visit the mine at any time and
can order the measuring of the men's
work whenever he wishes, even though
the man has worked but one hour. He
can also order the payment of the men
at any time. The Liberty Bell and Tom
Boy mines, which were closed during the
Smuggler-Union trouble, will also open
again Monday morning.
Agreement Bringing Peace. /
The following ls the text of the agree
ment:
1. 'The union expresses Its entire disapproval
of the recent outrages.
3. - The company agrees not to discriminate
against the union nor tho members thereof, and
the union and the members thereof undertake
not to interfere with or molest non-union men.
3. The company agrees to let the president or
secretary of the local union have full access to
Its surface property at all reasonable hours,
provided that the work of the men ls not Inter
fered with.
4. The union agrees to use all its influence to
stop the Illicit selling of liquor in Marshall Ba
sin or around the mine.
6. The company, is to have the right to let
contracts to any men who wish to take them.
All such contracts are to be on printed forms,
which are hereafter to be drafted by J. H. Mur
phy, representing the union and Jacob Fllllus,
representing the company. Such contracts are
to be for the period of one month, at the end
of which time the work done under the terms
thereof shall be measured up, and If It shall ap
pear that the contractor has not earned three
dollars or more per shift the company under
takes or agrees either to pay off the contractor
at the contract rate or to raise the contract price
pro rata; that ls to say, the price for the work
will be raised so as to make lt equivalent to $3
per shift for future work of the same con
tractor.
FREEPDRT, July 6.— Fire broke out to
day, at Walkers Landing. Grand Island,
and destroyed the grain crop on seventy
five acres of land belonging to an Italian
named Gonzales. It was partly Insured,
. _ ;L.- _
Fire Destroys Grain Crop.
Healdsburg Youth Inflicts Five
: Knife Wounds Upon His
Blval.
SANTA ROSA. July 6.— Word reached '
this city, to-day of a duel of two young
Italians, which - occurred on the Fourth
above Healdsburg. Both were suitors for"
the hand of a daughter of Pletro Casali,
who resides near Fitch Mountain. One of
the youths was O. Squallah and his rival
was Isla Bacci. The former was stabbed
five times.
It is said that Pater Casali favored
Bacci's Buit. The three men met on Thurs
day night and a quarrel ensued, Squallah
refusing to abandon his suit. Squallah is
badly wounded and Bacci is under arrest,
awaiting' the outcome . of his rival's in
juries. • ¦* \-
YOUNG ITALIANS IN DTTEL
FOB SWEETTHEAHT'S HAND
efficient or dangerous to the lafety of othej
workmen or unable to carry out the require*
ments of the contract or agreement, the man'
agement agrees to at once measure up th«
amount of work already done by such contract"
or, and in the event of such amount of wort
being less than at the rate of $3 per shift the
company will pay them as Is provided in para*
graph 6 of this memorandum agreement.
Campflre Scintillations.
Camp Reverie, Forestville, July 6, 1901.—
"Jack is coming for a day at Camp Rev
erie," said a lady who, with her four chil
dren, had been guests at the camp since
Its opening, "and he simply despises sum
mer resorts. I wonder will he take us
home."
I wondered myself how he would like
us. I knew Jack for a cynical, blase,
much-traveled man; I had never written
him down for an Abou-ben-Adhem, and
eo I watched him a bit out of the corner
of my eye. But Jack came, saw and was
conquered, for as he bade his family good
by I heard him say to the little golden
haired girl wno hung about his neck,
"Good-by, puss; papa will be up next Sat
urday."
The early part of last evening was given
up to the children, of whom there is a de
lightful little party. Master Leonard Je
rome of Oakland with his ragtime songs
gave much pleasure to his friends, big and
little. After a dance and a Cakewalk thev
reluctantly left the campflre and went to
bed, when Mrs. Alice Heynemann read a
story to the "grown-up children who were
gathered about the fire.
CAMP REVERIE ASSOCIATION.
Forestville, Sonoma County, July 6
1901.— The management ls pleased to an
nounce that the programme for the next
week at Camp Reverie will carry the
names of Mr. Austin Lewis of San Fran
cisco, the brilliant young magazinist and
journalist; Mr. . M. Doyle, instructor in
manual training ln the public schools of
San Francisco, and Professor H. Morse
Stephens of Cornell University. Mr. Lew
is will speak cr. the general subject of
"Convention and Conflict," a study of
emotional revolt during the Victorian
epoch. The topics of his three lectures on
this subject: (1) "The Revolt of the
Artist." (2) "The Revolt From the Artist,"
(3) "The Period of Hysterics." Mr. Doyle
will give two addresses- "The Boy. and
What He is Entitled To" and "The Intel
lectual and Moral Appeal of Beauty."
Professor Stephens will speak on "Eng
land in Asia" and "Oxford University Ex
tension." Camp Reverie Association. .
Gladness, sunshine, all-year spring
Greet "tho children of the King" —
Ye who floods of glory roll
From the sunshine of the soul. '
Come where wide, warm rivers shine
Through "the land of corn and wine."
Come, and rest ye, valiant band;
"This is heaven's border land."
Welcome to these famous seas.
Sky-kissed vales, and giant trees;
Flowers and fruits and birds that call,
"Crown the Savior Lord of all."
Mechanics' Pavilion Is being put into
shape rapidly. The decorations commit
tee has arranged for festoons of flag3
stretched sixty feet apart from the ferries
to the Pavilion. Large numbers of the
American' and English banners will be in
evidence together with more than 10,000
Epworth League pennants and emblems.
Tne welcoming poem has been received.
It was written by Mrs. Lillian H. Shuey
and will be read in Mechanics' Pavilion on
July 18, the open day/ It is as follows:
Welcome, welcome to the West,
- Ye who bear the story blest.
Shouting on our Orient shore, • .
"Forward. Forward evermore."
Welcome, ye who lift and love;
Sent from royal courts above,
OfTring words and deeds to bless— •
Ministries of helpfulness.
Welcome, while the hills of gold
Tell hero's tales of old;
' Come to hope, to joy, to pray
In this "land of cloudless day."
"Welcome!" speak the poppies bright,
Lifting lamps of golden light.
Pleading 1 , with their art divine,
"Let your Christian light so shine."
"Welcome!" sings the mocking bird-
Tend' rest welcome ever heard;
Sweet' nlng through the morning houn
Olive groves and orange bowers.
"Welcome!" wave the lofty tTees
By the shlmmerine western seas;
Pinnacles that pierce the skies 1
As your faith winged prayers arise.
I
"Welcome!" calls the shining beach
¦Where the lone: waves softly reach, ] i
Murmuring of God's bounty free, ¦ ¦
"Like the wldeness of the sea." "* '¦
Poem of "Welcome.
ment of what special trains and cars are
coming over their respective roads.
BRUSSELS, July 6.— The Petit Bleu
says that Kruger has lately refused to
entertain proposals' to arm privateers, but
that the promoters are again urging the
former President of the South African re
public to notify the powers that unless
they intervene he will issue letters of
marque. In the event of Kruger's contin
ued refusal the promoters propose to act
without authorization.
WASHINGTON,- July 6.— The report
from Brussels that former President
Kruger, being urged to notify the. powers
that unless they intervene in the South
African contest he will commission pri
vateers. Is not treated seriously here. It
ls well understood as an outcome . of the
war with Spain that the United States
Government will never again, except in
the most extraordinary emergency, issue
letters of marque, and the same reasons
impel the Government from recogniz
ing any such warrants issued by any other
nation even were that nation in full stand
ing.
ln the case of the Spanish war both of
the belligerents, by agreement, refrained,
from issuing commissions to privateers,
and it now has been many years since the
flag of any respectable nation has flown
over such craft. In the case of Krugrer it
ls extremely doubtful whether he would,
if the issue were forced in this way, be
recognized as a de facto President author
ized to issue commissions to privateers.
That point would have to be settled at the
outset and each nation whose commerce
was affected or was threatened by the pri
vateers would determine for ; Itself his
competency. I It is scarcely to be expected
that they would decide against their own
commercial interests, so that Kruger's
privateers would find it difficult to secure
general recognition. ' -. "¦' t. •
The threat to send out privateers with
out President Kruger's consent Is idle. It
ls pointed out here that such craft would
be pirates pure and simple and the civil
ized world would sweep them off the Beas
If they should begin' operations agaTnst
the commerce of the nations. . .
_^ . . , , — ._' - s> —
Friends of Krager Urge
Issue of Letters of
Marque.
street side of Mechanics' Pavilion and will
occupy 14,000 square feet of space. The
opening will occur on Monday, July 15,
and the display will continue through the
week. All the booths will be elaborately
decorated in the red and white of the Ep
worth League and the gold and white of
the Epworth League South. The Golden
Gate Park Commissioners have promised
to furnish a full supply of potted palms
and great quantities of flowers daily.
On Thursday, Friday a.nd Saturday of
convention week neighboring counties will
send to the Pavilion enough fruit to satisfy
all the visitors.- Wells. Fargo & Co. agree
to ship the fruit at half rates. Nothing: will
be sold at the Pavilion, but every exhibit
or will give away foods and souvenirs to
the leaguers.
Those who will furnish displays are in
part as follows:
Stockton Chamber of Commerce, California
Cured Fruit Association, Figrprune Cereal Com
pany, Los Angeles County, Southern Pacific
Railroad. Laumelster Mills, California petrol
eum interests, Taber Photographic Company,
Ban Francisco Epworth League Alliance,
Golden Qate Union of Christian Endeavor,
Napa County, Raisin Growers' Association,
Santa Catalina marine interests, Humboldt
County. Santa Clara County, La Zacualpa Rub
ber Company, California Packing Company,
Sonoma County. Chiapas Rubber Company,
Alameda County Epworth League Alliance,
Shasta Water Company, Baptist Young People's
Union, Pacific Grove marine flora interests,
Stanford University, University of California
and University of the Pacific.
The San Jose people will have a room in
which 200 people may be seated, where
prunes, cooked In every conceivable way,
will be served. The Raisin Growers will
give boxes of choice raisins to the vis«
itors. Humboldt County will show a sec
tion of redwood weighing seven and on
half tons. The rubber companies will show
the products and processes of the rubber
Industry. Sonoma County will show meth
ods of hatching and rearing chickens on
scientific principles. The Shasta Water
Company is to have a fountain of Shasta
water to elake the thirst of those who
come to visit lt.
Universities Will Have Exhibit.
The universities are to have a combined
educational exhibit, in which the mineral
collection of the State institution will play
a prominent part. The exhibitors are plan
ning many unique and interesting fea
tures. It is Intended that the whole affair
shall be strictly representative of this
ASK AUTHORITY
FOR PRIVATEERS
THREE PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE EPWORTH LEAGUE WHO ARE
ACTIVE IN ARRANGING FOR THE GREAT CONVENTION WHICH IS TO
OPEN IK THIS CITY ON THE 1STH OF THIS MONTH.
State. In reference to this very Important
department of the convention, ln a letter
to William McMurray, chairman of the
exhibition committee, Bishop John W.
Hamilton says:
It will not be possible for our many visitors
who come to California during the Epworth
League convention- to visit every part of the
State before they . go away. The next best
thing has been done by our hospitable people;
by a happy stroke the State has been brought
to the vlsitors-^not the mountains and valleys
themselves, but their products. No one will
«ee California as It is unless much time is
spent in the exhibit of coast products in the
Mechanics' Pavilion in seeing the exhibits*
which ccme from all over the State.
The people have brought of their substance,
what is much more to the credit of California
than all of the gold taken out of her gulches.
"The production of something where nothing
was before is an act of greater energy than
expansion cr decoration of the thing produced."
California produces what the world both need*
and applauds. Do not fail to see the exhibit.
We are Justly proud of what we grow; faith
ls here lost in sight. . .
News was received yesterday at Ep
worth League headquarters that more
special trains had started with delegates
on their v:ay to the Golden Gate. Finances
are reported to be in a more promising
condition, and the city is making response
to the call for funds. The city offices of
railroads are preparing a definite state-
IMPOSING FINES
ON MILITIAMEN
Captain Nerney Decides
to Test the New
State Law.
Members Absent Prom Last
Parade' Are Subject to .'
Punishment. /
The members of 'the local organizations
of the National Guard are still resting
from the work of the week in camp and at
the armories are discussing what advan
tages were gained during the encampment
on Laveaga Heights. Such, if any, will
become apparent during the next . few
months in the discipline, the school of trie
soldier and the management by the offi
cers.
The law requires that all members of
the National Guard shall parade on the
Fourth of July unless prevented by phys
ical disability, absence from the place of
parade on business or inability to be ex
cused from employment. The small num
ber of men who were in the ranks on the
Fourth was a subject of remark and it is
likely that many of the above excuses will
be' presented. ¦¦ Captain Nerney of the Na
val Militia declares that so many men and
officers were absent that he will not ac
cept excuses unless they are bona fide.
He proposes to put the absentees on tne
defensive. He will impose a tine, as piu
vided by law, on each, and then nave the
Shenft make the collection. In case of
failure to pay the delinquent will be
brought up before a court-inaitiai. This
he proposes to do with a view of testing
the law which authorizes the irnposiuoa
of a tine on those who without valid ex
cuse absent themselves from parade.
The Naval Militia came very near los
ing the Marion, which has been loaned by
the United States Navy Department to
the State for the use of the militia. About
tha time that the present commander as
sumed command there was ' sent to the
Navy Department a complaint that tne
vessel was not properly cared for, and, in
fact, was filthy and a disgrace to the
navy. After inquiry the Navy Department
must have concluded that the compiaim
was well founded, for an order was Issued
directing the State authorities to return
the Marion to the navy yard at Mare Isl
and. When the new commander took
charge he was unaware that any com
plaint had been made. He found the ship
in such a filthy condition that he at once
had the men turn to and give her a com
plete overhauling and had got her in the
condition that a man-of-war should be as
to cleanliness when he became aware that
the order alluded to had been Issued. He
at once communicated with the Navy De
partment, stating what had been done,
and wrote that the* former condition of
the vessel should not be charged to hl»
administration. He also called for an In
spection. The Navy Department must
have concluded that the objection was a
just one, for it rescinded the order and di
rected that an officer from the navy yard
make an inspection as asked for. Upon
the report of that officer will depend
whether the Marion shall be returned to
Rotten Row at Mare Island or be re
tained by the Naval MiJitia.
Orders are out in the Fifth Infantry des
ignating dates for target practice as fol
lows:
Companys A and T— July 21, Augrust 18, Sep
tember 15, Lieutenant A. N. Boyen, inspector;
Company B-July 23, August 25, September 29
Lieutenant C. R. Argues; Company C— July 28
August 25, September 23, Captain C. E. Haven;
Company I>— July 28. August 25, September 29,
Lieutenant A. N. Boyen; Company E — Juiy 28
August 25, September 29, Lieutenant Paul Coul
ter; Company G— July 28, August 25, September
29, Lieutenant D. Strong; Company H— July 14,
August 11, September 8. Lieutenant A. N.
Boyen; Company I— July 27, August 81, Septem
ber .28, Lieutenant-. C K. Argues. The . field,
staff, non-commissioned staff and band' will
report for target practice with the company
nearest their station. •
Eleven men have been discharged from
the Fifth Infantry— three at expiration of
service, six on account of removal and
two by two-thirds vote of the company.
Corporal J. F. Corcoran of Company C,
Fifth Infantry, has been appointed ser
geant; Private Hiram Hopkins has been
appointed a corporal. ¦ .
Corporal R. McConnell of Company G
has been promoted sergeant; Private L.
J. Cordes promoted corporal.
Privates Allen Harris and C. E. Hoover
of Company H have been appointed cor
porals.
W. M. Miranda of Company C and M.
Dunand of Company D have been detailed
as musicians.
Lieutenant C. R. Ahlberger, passed as
sistant paymaster. Naval Militia, has re
turned from a visit to Australia.
* T1 L e Inspection of the several divisions
of the Naval Militia outside of San Fran
cisco by Captain Nerney shows each to
be in good condition, the one at Eureka
standing No. 1 on the list.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYv JULY 7, 1901.
Enthusiastic Leaguers Plan to Greet Delegates With Flowers and
Fruit and Are Preparing for Them a Wonderful Display
of All the Richest and the Rarest Products of California
GLORIOUS WELCOME IS PREPARED
FOR VISITORS TO GOLDEN STATE
21
GBAPE-yrrrs.
•••••••••••••••••••••o
I Are You Fit]
5 To be Trusted %
J With a Good Set %
• of BRAINS? g
I GRAPE- NUTSi
s •
• Keep Them in •
• . Order* ¦ 9
ce©©3©«©eoo«eeeo©oe«©e
A BRAIN FOOD AND REPAIRER.
Every minister, lawyer. Journalist, phy-
sician, author or business man is forced
under pressure of modern conditions to
the active and sometime* overactive use
of the brain. Analysis of the excreta
thrown out by the pores shows that brain
work breaks down the phosphate of pot-
ash, separating: it from its heavier com-
panion, albumen, and plain common sense
teaches that this elemental principle must
be introduced into the body anew each
day If we would replace the loss and re-
build the brain tissue.
We know that the phosphate of potash,
as presented in certain field grains, has
an affinity for albumen and that is the
only way gray matter in the brain can be
built. It will not answer to take the crude
phosphate of potash of the drug shop, for
nature rejects it. The elemental mineral
must be presented through food directly
from Nature's laboratory.
These facts have been made use of in
the manufacture of Grape-Nuts', and any
brain worker can prove the value of the
proper selection of food by making free
use of Grape-Nuts for ten days or two
weeks. Bold by grocers everywhere (and
in immense Quantities). Manufactured
by the Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, .Michigan. .. .
MmgsB&r ou * a^ 9 n0 chances in prices, for our prices are known everywhere as the
#||tf||Pgw lowsst. You take no chances in styles, for our styles are always the latest j»^^Ssif|'l
jigjerafS! ana> best You take no chances on qualities, for when we get a customer eg jgByp|!;i
fSsSmfst I 3 WB koep her (or him) by the shear good qualities of our goods. You take jf| Jsillfifi
slaipl! la no chancss hsra— if goods ars not satisfactory money cheerfully refunded. gjl < %S||i!8
«»i< CONCERNING HAKDKER(1H!EF>, WE ARE MANUFACTURERS. i 1
fifflffffiSgaplq 275 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEM- No middleman's profits. 7 hat's the reason §9 aP^lslai
HI o s f Ti eif; a iE fi ?e gwK^s^Sd^! E^Bi^H I 11111
iSffifflfflM feet. No middleman's profit here. We :. LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of !the W
I^W^@C9©Kii buy them direct from the factory, that's best linen skirting, finished with a deep m «SE9^ ! |Rl
fTffi fiSrfJgFjBf £O the reason our prices are so low ii'Av flounce with three small ruffles, full Kg CmgHEK till
P®mWWbW 60 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEM- width, all sizes. Our prices are our_at- |3 e9^&,||
PrWfml STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, made tractlon * *> c M MfyWm BP
' l&&fWmZffl of tlie very bePt P" Jre Ir ' sh linen - sheer DON'T OVERLOOK THIS. K ¦?^S
MfflSm^&m ?? d s0ft: jUst T he w ?& t £*2 r C °, me f t£™ LADIES'. UNDERSKIRTS, made of the if CSbS&KB £&l
J|||gggg|^fe! tne nunneries If \ve _didn t buy them itnis best mercerized sateen, finished with a |1»^^3
P8$i||SF&tiySffl wa > ™e would not be aDle to sell them 14 ., nch flounce; lt ls also corded and fin- lyii^JSSi^fi
raraKSlH^ Under 2oC - Spccial for this week 1Oc ished with accordeon pleated ruffle: colors H^P^^p 3H
mM®W^3^ikM -.- cerise, purple and black. Our so-call«-d B-e«CT83l».3W3
B»|BM|i GLOVES, competitors called them cheap at « 50. SnSBWSsS^
lfciS®KMS»s^3*wi <=». j xt Ve are manufacturers, that's the reason KriSSHr3>*^ '^ 'J
ii^^^^M' H #tS'a No better ones made than we can sell them so cheap JJSe S^Sg^^l^
Mr 1 Wr irs'soR^s clove, w " ore d %%z"t s from this B8f
WMMm t r - i VaS i e h of an tbe be fi t nel n t ™?..^™.^..?^.!!?%?M IflSBf
VBf^pWfiS® nicked lambskin pique sewed. Paris PERFECT FITTING LADIES' COL- n@O%S$I
' Wlfelll fit ?BufchSbSck. P two clasps. It is the ORED PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS. fffiHW
J^p^^^p best glove made for #1.00 now O 0c §a$f£fS§y -
Jp^liP IF YOUR CORSET DOES NOT FIT L":ATHF.R BELT DEPARTMENT.
H There -ssmat/ chance of your dress fitting Get your'Corseis LADIES' O IT WELL BELTS. They are shaped to M
m • / ere --' rn fit by ihe experience of cur expert fitters. the ~£ l Jh.Z 1 £$J >T 5?? tta e a^li trom sa^ n f- ' „ M
fc3 • - ™i_ ™itittit7 T»TT3T3/-wr V a t>tti HERE S ONE — It Is made of the very finest patent ¦¦
I& w*a JIl^J^ EM p TitE. RIBBON TAPE , eat i J€r Uned w i th fine calfskin, sewed (not. glued), fin- ¦
m V^K$ £°.^ S1 0 T> m , ad /* of th r£ e li a tw wii! 5shetl w «th patent eyelets and extra strong: buckles. Our H
feffl fSitaB English twilled tape— the kind that \v 111 jc * ° -^ ga
pi Z'^^Sy n ot stretch— good extra strong cluster of * ' VjVy'y AnTvVr'wwTTii' f»*T TfOirnt rxwrmt i^r*- B
IBB %¦ w )...« n t the %M» and hack" rust Droof AGAIN — L<AUIJBSa WillJLJl. LAljt sKLN B£*L»TS, ex- US
EH S- ¥ ' fro^tsfe^els^ 10 incrf front steels- no bust tra heavy, '.hat will not stretch and can be cleaned; M
m > C nr°hirf S \ e l S model C co f rTet t f S or lfgh n t°sum- Rood strong buckle, patent celluloid eyelets. Exceo- g
m /f t&+ mer dresses; come in pink, blue, white tional price 25c m
M A-'SSRrX or black; must be seen to be appreci; ; inc HfKFNRFRfi HF nflllR^F §1
m @t®?iA \ T^ R FOR\mKrf T DATO G YF I TOl : FOR SUCH VALUES AS THEf E. gj
Ka XSlfcLs*/ \ \ ZW% aT^ a ?tfft TOTIDE OF THAT A*h INDIES' APRONS, made of Amoafcea* H
Wi ¦•yK?/ ) / SS?P VnTHTO ONE FREE It's ft* checked gingrham. hemmed and strings; P
H AP&^J/ T J ME * J ««ii in hi >I warranted fast colors. If we did not buy W
H Mft?v/ e t COr if'« now twentieth centum CK^, them ln such 1;ir - e Quantities we would M
I Qm\ \\ He 0 r Ut kaL S ty th c e or^tT SS?Sf? mlK MA S&bS oS^ "* **" ** ¦''
BJ Mliji »- » \ the very finest black sateen, boned J^£Ly-S\ douDie our price 1S»C gl
Bffi " > throughout with tempered steels; fin- ///^lll ft you wish to practice true economy come i%
WM ' ished with silk embroidered tops. The [/ / 1 H ' r . ' fe}
HM nniv t>nr*et in pvlstenee that will reduce the abdomen )\ I \ \\ "° P * fta
M nal^fl" and comfortably without tight lacing. No HI H IN OUR MUSLIN UNDERWEAR DE- g,
£» other corset In the world is so well adopted by stout U Q 1 \) PABTMENT. EM
SB women as this one. It Is graceful and f^° ns ': p ?^ i ' A5*="Sbs4 LADIES' DRAWERS, made of soft ¦
ES tively will not lose its shape. We match these to any sr* -^--\ bleached muslin, finished with tucks, two- &£
¦I made to order corset. Our price..... feo.—o « > vtj-^ Inch wide torchon lace ruffle. We wll] not aft
fea TniinU TO MATI1D? DIIQTI CQ AMR HIP PAR^ guarantee how long the quantity will last. fgjl
|| IUUIjH lU SiAIUnL DUolLtO AWU Ilir rMUOt it you are interested come early. Our |H'
M p,! 6^ w? r ?i£5 rte we tan special attenUoT to^thS PH Or" iOEld^ri^i^BiES-" CORSe't COVERsVnifb 5^ M
ffl Bustle and Hip Pad. We s call special a«n a " ™ « i ow neck, long sleeves, made of extra fine lawn, tucked "if
H Pattern of this pad which absolutely '"f"™! P^if" front, finished with fine pearl buttons: colors pink. blue. ll
I Z^ifS\i,rVas oTThe^Hnlnl Ja™ggand yellow. Exceedingly low in price, not w §§
KS? pts stuffed with extra fine curled hair; colors black I UU UU HUtU M limit. OMllli ££f
H and gray light in height and light ln price 7oC €5, LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS , X f|
B8S ..... .,.„. iinmrnu urnr mace of extra fine soft-bleached A*J*1 v ESI
M RIJY YOUR HOSIERY HEHt muslin, finished with 14-inch em- //Jh^\- / ¦
Wl OUI IUUI1 IIUOIi.ll I "LI". brolderea and tucked flounce, also /^ftSfeyag* 1 §3
fea And rest assured that prices paid are a quarter to a third dust ruffle, full width and all tfgg^LVyTVJi K4
KSH /cue Ihnn t>fcpwherp * lengths. Embroidery alone would j^TJ^P v >6CV\\ 3"3
KS " /ess a "*ZrT?nr tt^ct- a f cost y° u mor « than we ask for the -fSfflSRNHn&t II
II 50 dozen LADIES 1 FAST BLACK HOSE made of skirt complete S1.39 3@P££§&ir/^ II
H XX extra fine Peruvian cotton: pliable and summer y wa.oo- 5gK»|8tt|y<J& %x%
pa. weight: double heels and double toes and perfect in &&*. UflCC " ""^ /gg^^-Sgiv KJ
gj every detail. Joe Rosenberg's price liJSc vS^J . HUwU >*«£&MtaSS5El35Sl Km
H 500 pairs of CHILDREN™E\TERLASTING STOCK- /^^N SUPPORTERS. H
M INGS, made of extra fine Egyptian cotton: warranted / \ wwt *" PS
EH fast black; Swiss ribbed, double heels, double toes and.. /7V— —- v-A It is a California : ' nH
En ' double knees. They are called' the everlasting stocking; Cvj P J woman's invention.- " - ? . rgl
MN once worn will prove It so. Joe Rosenberg's fcrice for and we can be proud of it, because It is a K£j
PA & \i sizes ••< • -....25c y*TY\ * good one, too. It is the Foster hose sup- ffl.
ra 111 nun wruivn nrmnTlirilT -....--/ mj I porter, made with a wide sateen pad. This pa
I IN OUR VEILING DEPARTMENT. H gpj-'g.iyg StffirE SK I
{3 ¦ Now is the season for freckles and chapped faces, //liivj ing the weaxer an erect position. It has £3
13 whether at the seashore or In the mountains. Ladles, yi /// y four elastic bands attached to a pad five- %m
|5 you can prevent these annoyances by paying -us a ' — ' -w inches wide and four Inches long, lined fia
fta visit. „ . . • / - 1 with a fine white eilesia and interlined; 13
ffl 500 "WASH VEILS, made of the best quality of / with a soft canvas. It is the only sup- |j1
til wash net, dotted or plain effect; all embroidered bor- 1 / porter with the pad large enough to push h!m
El ders. These are as good if not better than any 50c veil \ / / back the abdomen and assuring the wearer Psr
in in town. Our way of selling 15c \( I great comfort and yet improving the flg- fef
m MORE COOD OFFERINC8. {/^>. ure - Our prlce 5Oc ||
m Just received some French Novelties in BLACK _..,. in Tltr uiiv Ilir PCI I nnroo PIUFI no (¦'
U or WHITE VEILINGS, made in all the newest meshes, TU IC Q THP WAY WE SE' L DR^SS SH ELDS. EN
M chenille and embroidered dots and figures: also com- HH« •« • "*• llfLl_" tl-!~a ootwt^o ¦, llll " fci *' ui fctf
M plexion veiling. If we would ask a dollar for these veils 30 boxes STOCTUTSrET DRESS SHIELDS, large size fgf
f|1 it would not be a bit too much. Joe Rosenberg's way and perfect shape. Little Item at the little store at Httla Kg-
H| of selling 50C prices; pair 8c G||
S Yf\YH Tb f\C<YHlXY5YlY} r* 816 MARKET ST., |i
M J I I R HfilNB"<il\lr!Kr€iY RUNNING THROUGH rO ll OTAfcRELL, PHELAN BUiLDlNG. M
p*"i O V/iL4 JLVk.\^ KJ JLA X.H XJfJLmA JLIL.\Jt 9 mail orders solicited. jw
I MOSS' |
I Semi- Annual 1
I Glove Sale |
With us July is stock taking
month. We always have a bis
CLEANING UP SALE. Here are
the special Bargains for this week:
5Oc.
Ladles' Kid and Castor Gauntlets.
with Military and Langtry Cuffs.
For Driving, Bicycling and Country
use. Regular value at 90 cents.
Ladles' French "Wash \Chamois
Gloves, with two clasps, in White,
Pearl, Buff, Mode and Gray. For-
merly sold at $1.00. i
Ladies' Real Kid Gloves, with
two clasps and latest stitchinga, in
Red, Brown. Mode, Tan. Green,
White and Black. There's nothing
ln town at the price to equal this
line for style and durability.
$i.oo.
Ladles' English Walking Gloves,
made with one clasp and out seams.
Similar in style to the Dent make.
Will outwear two pairs of ordinary
gloves. . .
jjjBBE9EKSESS2329S23BKSB9BDE9EJ8^^ri
1 Moss' Glove Store, [
1 1210 Market St., . j
¦ Between Taylor and Jones. H
H Mail Orders Received. w
Radway's
Pills
! . Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, . complete absorption and -
healthful . regularity. •
For the curs of all disorders of th» Stomach.
Liver, - Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. JTemale Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. BlUoasnej*. < Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Druggists, oe '
by mall. HADWAT & CO.. New Tork. ¦Company May Lose Cause of
Action if It Collects
Under New Law.
Judge Seawell Refuses
to IssueJTemporary
SPRING VALLEY
IN A QUANDARY
• ltapper** Oil cures rheumatism and neuralftaw
BrUKirt*. (Oo dufe. Steb&rdi & Co., 408 Q»jA
.vVerua cures piles or $50 reward. All up
'lo-Cat« druKiats cell aa<l^uar^ntea %* •
Tom Simmons is making a great success
in the cultivation of sugar beets on his
ranch In Tehama County. -Thirteen hun
dred acres have been planted to beets and
the product is large. Competent 'Judges
think the crop will go twenty tons to the
acre. The beets are of fine quality.'
Tom Simmons Scores Success.
Chinese Ifaundryman Takes Opium.
"At half-past one I took opium,'.', was
the farewell message in Chinese charac
ters that lay by the side of-LI Lin in a
dingy room at 615% Dupont; street. LI was
found. In hia,bunk at 10. o'clock yester
day - morning, j stone dead.---: He had been
sick for; a: long time and 1 was correspond
ingly despondent: He was a laundryman.
• "For home use, for bar use, for physician's
use, for" everybody's use, Jesse Moore Whiskey
Is always^the best and Is in most. general de
mand. • , ' ',-¦¦ \ .. • . '..
There was filed in the Recorder's office
yesterday a first mortgage In which the
El" Dorado Lumber' Company, mortgages
its .property for $350,000 to the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company. A deed
of trust was also recorded in which the
party, of the first part is the Nevada
County ' Traction, Company, which ex
ecutes the instrument to the Mercantile
Trust Company of San Francisco to se
cure a loan of $100,000 on its electric rail
road from Grass Valley to Nevada City.
Big Concerns Mortgage Property.
. Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday as
follow: Emmet Hannon, laborer, Sacra
mento, liabilities $G71 25, no assets; Ber
nard Richard Thiele, paperhanger and up
holsterer. Angels Camp, Calaveras Coun
ty, liabilities $1907 46, no assets; Theodore
Scharff, cook, San Jobc liabilities $1250,
assets $975. ' . .
Petitions in j Insolvency.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
W. F. Pipher, Receiver of th.c Califor
nia Shoe Company, 1506 Market St.,
Will after to-morrow be found at the Bee
Hive Shoe' Company, 717 Market street,
where in the future he will have charge
of said establishment. Before leaving will
give a farewell benefit, and will therefore
offer to-morrow 1000 pairs of ladies' shoes
and ties, worth $3 50 each and every pair
of them, for 50 cents a pair. You are wel
come to either one or more pairs at 50
cents a pair, at the bankrupt shoe sale of
the California Shoe Company, 1506 Market
street, above City Hall avenue. ¦ - •
The man who tries to do his neighbors
Imagines they are always trying to do
him.
Quoted.
At a meeting of the Fire Commissioners
yesterday bids for forage were opened
and it was found that prices submitted
on hay and other supplies were lower than
In former bids, which were rejected. The
following prices were quoted:
Forajre and straw: Somers & Co.— Hay $12 97,
straw 67c; D. Keefe — Carrots 65c, bran 89c per
100 pounds;' Scott & Magner— Hay (wheat) $12 79,
oat same; Petera & Cowie— Straw 66Uc, bran
$17 45 a ton; J. L. Vermeil & Co.— Straw 66&c;
H. P. Smith & Son— Hay $13 33, straw 64%c; T.
W. Butterick— Hay (oat ana wheat) $11 50.
straw 65c: H. B. Goecken— Hay $13, straw 69c;
S. Ehlanger — Carrots 67c, bran $16 10 per ton.
Fuel : Union Wood and Timber Company — Pine
wood $11 50: J. C. Wilson— WellinKton $10. Ros
lyn $7 50. Wallsend $9 75, Greta $9 75, Pennsyl
vania Eggr $15. Welsh Egrg $14, Cumberland
$12 75; O'Meara & McCarthy— Pine wood $11 30;
A. C. Campbell— Roslyn $8, charcoal 65c, Penn
sylvania Egg $14 25, Cumberland $13 50, » wood
SU 30; Thomas Morton— Dunsmulr's WellinKton
$8 90. Pennsylvania Egg $14 25, Roslyn $7 40,
charcoal 65c, Welsh Ejfg $13 75. Cumberland $13,
wood $12 60; Thomas Burke— Wood $12 25.
• The old style ladders now in. use-In the
department will be supplanted with mod
ern ones of the truss variety, as recom
mended by Chief Sullivan. -
The board's complete .- satisfaction with
the efficient work of the Fire Department
on the Fourth of July was expressed in
a circular letter sent to the officers and
members of the department.
FIRE COMMISSION OPENS
NEW BIDS FOR STJTPLEES
Prices ' Submitted Are in Most Cases
Lower Than Those First
Are making: It a Practice to Pass
Worthless Checks on Busi
ness Men.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday for
the arrest of two men who are passing
forged checks on business men, and they
seem to be doing a brisk trade from, the
number of complaints received at police
headquarters.
Edward Harris, who conducts a cloth
ing store at 626 Kearny street, swore to a
warrant for the arrest of J. K. White on
the charge -of forgery in Judge Fritz's
court. White cashed a check for $24 50
with Charles Newman of the Rfchelieu
saloon, which purported to be signed by
Harris. The check was dated June 22
and was made payable to "J. K. White,"
who indorsed it. Harris pronounced his
signature a forgery. . -
B. E. Lasky, camera supply store, 42
Third street, secured a warrant from
Judge Mogan for the arrest of "John
Doe" on a charge of forgery. The man
called at Lasky's store, representing him
self to be Dr. J. B. Crawford of the Stan
dard Electrical Works, and bought sev
enty cents worth of roods. ¦ He gave a
check in payment for $20 purporting to be
signed by William B. Angus for the Stan
dard Electrical Works, and made payable
to "J. B. Crawford." He indorsed "the
check and got the balance, $19 30. The
check was a forgery. The same man
passed a forged check on Lasky's brother
the previous day.
TWO MEN WANTED ON
CHARGES -OF FORGERY
Correction of Assessments.
R. J. Techau filed an application yester
day with the Board of Supervisors for a
reduction from $20,000 to $10,000 on the im
provements located on the west line of
Mason street, near Eddy. Leslie Wright
petitioned that the assessment of $35,750 on
property at the northwest corner of Ellis
and Jones streets, owned by Anna Luhrs
be reduced to $25,000.
¦Warrants were sworn out yesterday by
Policeman Wedekind for the arrest of
Edith Sanford and Virgie Sanford of the
Dunlap House, 246 O'Farrell street, and
Mrs. M. Tracey Jones, proprietress of the
restaurant at 287 O'Farrell street, on the
charge of selling liquor without a license.
Edith and Vlrgie Sanford were arrested,
and Edith, who gave the name of Marie
Allen, was also charged with grand lar
ceny for stealing $110 from William
Smith, an ex-member of the Forty-third
Volunteer Regiment. Smith lives at the
Winchester House and said he went to
the Dunlap House Friday night with $22o
in his pocket. He spent $35 and had only
$80 in his pocket yesterday morning when
he left the place.
Violate the Liquor Law.
cently. Passed.
The Board of Health sent a communica
tion yesterday to the Board of Education
explaining the operation of the act of
1899 'providing for the vaccination of pub
lic school children whose parents are pe
cuniarily unable to pay the expense there
of. The Board of Education will be re
quired to carry out the provisions of the
law next Wednesday, when the Health
Board will surrender its power formerly
exercised In the premises. The School
Board must bear the expenses, but the
vaccination will be under the supervision
of the Board of Health. To that end it
will simply be necessary to supply the
vaccine and the salary of the vaccinator.
If the board will fix certain hours each
day for vaccination of school children it
would not reauire the entire time of the
physician, and the expense will be less.
The expense is estimated, at $1800 per
year; $600 for vaccine and $1200 for a vac
cinator. The Board of Education will
hold a meeting next Tuesday to. consider
the suggestions of the Health Board and
formulate a plan to carry out the law.
SCHOOL BOARD WILL TAKE
CHARGE OF VACCINATION
Health Board Surrenders Its Powers
Under a Legislative Act Re-
Clever Eastern Crook Successfully
Despoils a Number of Saloon-
Eeepers.
During the past week a smooth Eastern
crook for. whom the police are anxiously
searching cleverly worked the card ma
chines in various saloons and secured
several hundred dollars. His scheme was
to visit a saloon and while the attention
of the bartender was temporarily distract
ed he would insert a key in the card ma
chine and abstract the contents. Among
nls principal victims are Marks & Adler,
•who conduct the Davy -Crockett saloon on
Market street, near Stockton. Recently
they missed the usual number of nickels
placed in their machines, and suspecting
that a clever crook was at work they de
cided to catch him in the act. A private
detective was called in and at his sugges
tion the proprietors gave him the privi
lege of occupying a small room in the rear
of the saloon so that he could sit and wait
for the thief. .
Early yesterday morning the detective
visited the saloon, and after announcing
bis mission to at least a half dozen peo
ple who were present ordered the bar
tender to place the card machines in a
position so that he could command a full
view of them. The bartender, thinking
that the fellow was a faker, refused to do
his bidding and ordered him to leave the
Ealoon.
Last night the services of the regular
police force were enlisted by several sa
loon-keepers to run down the thief. From
the clever manner In which he works Cap
tain Seymour is satisfied that he is an ex
perienced hand at the business.
BOLDLY EOBS THE MONEY
DRAWERS OF CARD MACHINES
Volunteers. j
There being no more volunteers to oc
cupy the quarters known as Model camp,
it will soon become a thing of the past.
Quarters for 7000 men have been main
tained at the Presidio since last March,
and on many occasions every' tent has
been occupied.
In a few days the work of demolishing
the camp will be commenced. Only enough
tents will be kept standing to furnish tem
porary homes for the regular soldiers now
en route from Manila.
The batteries and companies of artillery
and the regiments of Infantry and cavalry
now due here have all been assigned to
garrisons throughout the United States,
and in consequence will remain at the
Presidio but a few days.
The fir^t of the regular troops to return
from the Orient left the Presidio yester
day for Vancouver Barracks. The Tenth
Battery of Field Artillery, known to his
tory as Reilly's battery, arrived here but
a few days ago and remained in camp
only long enough to collect the baggage of
the men and secure transportation to its
Washington home. ,
First Lieutenant Tenney Ross, Third
Infantry, now st the Presidio, has been
ordered to Vancouver Barracks for duty
Captain A. M. Edwards, commissary.
Lnited States army, has been assigned
to duty as camp commissary at the Pre
sidio, relieving Lieutenant H. M. Rethers
Major W. A. Glassford, signal corps!
United States army, has been assigned to
duty as chief signal officer of the Depart
ment of California, relieving Captain A.
<B. Dyer, who has been placed In tem
porary charge of the artillery district of
the harbor of San Francisco.
Captain E. B. Wilcox, Sixth Cavalry
has been ordered to Alcatraz Island He
is to perform such duties as he may be
able to. . •
SIZE OF CAMPS" WILL
BE GBEATI/Y- REDUCED
Tents at Presidio Will Be B-emoved
Owing to Discharge of
Though the company wants to avoid
this point in the controversy, it Is not
The ordinance is already in force and,
inasmuch as the court declined to issue a
restraining order until after it had been
demonstrated on hearing that- the conten
tions of the complainant corporation were
sustained by the law, if the Spring Val
ley collects any money from consumers
prior to the hearing It must be .collected
under the order of April 1. Then the
question arises as to whether or not such
action upon the. part of the -company
could be construed as its assent to the
provisions of the contested ordinance. If
such is the case, the action to declare
this ordinance invalid must fall in event
the company proceeds to collect from con
sumers under the new rate.
he will spend his . vacation. Judge Sea
well refused to .take up the hearing of
the case until 'after vacation " and If a
temporary restraining order is issued- in
accordance with the prayer of the Spring
Valley Water Company it must come from
Fi-esidlng Judge Dunne. Judge Dunne,
however, has already expressed his disin
clination to consider the case in any of
its details, preferring to leave the entire
case in the hands and subject to the dis
cretion of Judge Seawell.
willing to permit consumers to us© water
without' pay until after the question of
the legality of the ordinance establishing
the new rate has' been determined. The
company's lawyers are trying to find a
way to avoid the tangle Into which they
seem to have been drawn through the
refusal of Judge Seawell to Issue a tem
porary restraining order, but the way be
fore them is not .vet clear.
Cole has stated to the investigators that
when he arranged his combination on the
vault DlmmicTc assisted him by working
the levers and tumblers, and that it was
possible for Dimmick to have become ac
quainted with the combination.- Dimmick
has admitted that he explained the work
ings of the levers and tumblers to Cole,
but says it was not possible for him to
have learned the combination of Cole at
the time the system was arranged.
Yesterday's investigation by Federal of
ficials was made in the hope of discover
ing whether it was possible for certain
employes of the Mint to have discovered
the combination used by Cashier Cole on
the door of his working vault.
W. K. Cole was formerly in the drug
business in Martinez. He was appointed
cashier in the Mint two years ago, and
his character is beyond reproach. Cole
lives with his wife and three young chil
dren at 1S27 Sacramento street. Mrs.
Cole belonged to the wealthy Fernandez
family of Contra Costa County, her father
being rated as a millionaire. From the
time Cole became cashier in the Mint he
usually spent his evenings at home, an oc
casional visit being made to the Union
League Club after leaving the Mint at 3
p. m.
Dimmick's character has never been
questioned, and his favorite amusement
was a game of chess at the Union League
Club. He was formerly engaged as an
agent and broker in Portland, Or. He
then went to Santa Barbara, where he
married a daughter of Judge Wright and
worked as a clerk in the Santa Barbara
County National Bank.- Twelve years ago
he removed to Almeda County and en
gaged in the commission. business in this
city. He was appointed as cashier in the
Mint by Superintendent Leach, and held
that office until succeeded by W. K. Cole.
Dimmick paid little attention yesterday
to the warning of Superintendent Leach
that he must not talk. Where other em
ployes, including Cashier Cole, positively
declined to answer questions^ Dimmick
entered into certain explanations. He de
nied again that he knew the combination
of the cashier's vault as arranged' by
Cole, but admitted that he showed Cole
how to work the levers and tumblers
when Cole came into office two years ago.
Dimmick declined to say whether he fixed
the tumblers on the back of the vault
door while Cole worked the combination
knob on. the front of the door. Me also
refused to affirm or deny the statement
that Superintendent Cole had informed
him three months ago to look for another
position.
Dimmick knows that he is being watched
by secret service men, and has the air of
a worried man. Cole, the cashier, who
alone was supposed to know the combina
tion of the vault, is attending to his du
ties, but keeps silent when questioned.
Pedlar yesterday changed the combina
tion on the cashier's vault and placed a
copy of the combination in a sealed en
velope, depositing it with Superintendent
Leach. : .-
Superintendent Leach refuses to affirm
or deny the truth of the story that three
months ago he informed Chief Clerk Dim
mick that his services would be no longer
required and that he had better i look for
another position. ¦ ~ ,
"I do not know how that story got
out," said Leach, "and at this time I can
not say whether it is true or not. We are
proceeding with our Investigation as ' to
the robbery of $30,000, but • 1 cannot give
out anything we have discovered." V
Cashier W. K. Cole and Chief Clerk
Walter Dimmick were at their desks yes
terday, but the responsibility of their- of-*
fices rested on Frank A. Pedlar and Ben
jamin W. Day, respectively. -
Mint Director Roberts, Superintendent
Leach and Secret Service Agent Hazen
examined a number of the Mint employes
yesterday. Men and women engaged in
various departments of the Mint were
closely questioned, and all the employes
were warned to -maintain silence and an
swer no questions on the outside.^ Sum
mary dismissal will be the fate 6t any
employe who violates the warning.
Secret Service Agent. Hazen is satisfied
that the stolen gold was removed; from
the Mint building, and he i3 now engaged
in trying to locate the coin. , ; Hazen and
his assistants are tracing the movements
of certain Mint employes during the- past
six months, and it is hoped that the work
will furnish the missing link to the chain
of evidence essential for the arrest of the
suspected employe. ;
The robbery of $30,000 in gold coin from
the cashier's vault in the Mint still re
mains unsolved. Yesterday's Investigation
helped to strengthen the chain of evidence
around a suspected employe, but the di
rect testimony necessary to warrant a
conviction In the Federal . courts is still
lacking.
Disposition of Sacks
of Gold. /
Efforts Are Made 'to Trace
Probed by Secret
Service Men.
MINT ROBBERY
IS UNSOLVED
? —
Employes' Past Records
Canal and tunnel capacities, 100,000,000 gallons
per day.- All water to be stored.
Single pipe, 48-inch diameter (taken
from curve). Capacity 30,000,000
gallons per day, via Livermore
Pass; total cost $18,400,000 00
Investment per million gallons of
daily capacity .- > 613,000 00
Cost of each million gallons deliv
ered ;- 8490
Double pipe, each 36^-inch diame-_
,ter; capacity 30,000,000 gallons per
day, via Livermore Pass; total
cost $21,800,000 00
Investment per million gallons of
! dally capacity 726,000 00
Cost of each million dollars deliv
ered 103 85
Double pipe, each 48-inch diameter:
capacity 60,000,000 gallons per day;
via Livermore Pass; total cost $29,260,000 00
Investment per million gallons of
daily capacity 4S7.0OO 00
Cost of each million gallons deliv
ered ¦ 68 67
Double pipe, each 36^4-lnch diame
ter; total capacity, 30,000,000 galr
Ions; canal and tunnel capacity, .
60,000,000 gallons per day; total
cost $19,800,000 00
Investment per million gallons of
daily capacity 660.CO0 00
Cost of each million gallons dellv- . .,
ered ,/... -,96 25
Single pipe, 48-inch diameter; capa- .
-city, 30,000,000 gallons- per . day; -•¦:¦'
canal and tunnel capacity, 60,000,- * >J'
000 gallons; total cost........'. $16,200,000 00
Investment per million' gallons of '
daily capacity 640,000 00
Cost of each million gallons deliv
ered : 80 53
LUMNE RIVER PROJECT.
Canal capacity from North Tuba River, at
Alabama Bar, to Oregon House Reservoir, 30,
000,000 gallons per day. -r- "'
Oregon House Reeervoir storage capacity, 80,
000.000,000 gallons.
Single pipe, 56 11-100 Inch diameter;
capacity 30,000,000 gallons per day;
via Carqulnez Straits and under
San Francisco Bay, cost ,.$21,605,000 00
Investment per million gallons of
dally capacity . 720,000 00
Cost of each million gallons deliv
ered... r 106 00
Double pipe, each 56 11-100 inch dia
meter; combined capacity, 60,000,
000 gallons per day. same route;
cost „. $34,178, 000 00
Investment per million gallons of
daily capacity .'..... 570,000 00
Cost of each million . gallons deliv
ered 8186
STANISLAUS RIVER PROJECT OR TUO-
YUBA RIVER PROJECT.
City Engineer Grunsky - yesterday sub
mitted to the Board of Public "Works a
revised report" on the estimated cost of
bringing water from the Yuba, Stanislaus
and Tuolumne rivers. The report was im
mediately transmitted to the Mayor, who
will forward it to the Board of Supervi
sors to-morrow. The report shows that
the cost of bringing water from the Sier
ra Nevada sources for a delivery of 30,
000,000 gallons per day In a single pipe
line falls as low as 8.53 cents per 1000 gal
lons, and that If a double line of pipe be
used the cost will be 9.63 cents per 1000 gal
lons. . v
When the works are planned with an
expansion to 100,000.000 gallons a day as
ultimate capacity, the cost of the .water
delivered by a single pipe line would be
8.49 cents per 1000 gallons, and 10.39 cents
per 1000 gallons if delivered in two pipes.,
each having a capacity of 15,000,000 gal
lons. . . \
City Engineer Grunsky states that the
following figures are subject to revision
and may be used as a basis of what the
cost of bringing water from the three
sources named may be In the future:.
Rivers.
Cheap % Fluid From Stanislaus,
Tuolumne and Yuba
City Engineer Submits
Figures on Three
Sources.
FINDS COST OF
WATER SUPPLIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JULY 7, 1901.
The Spring Valley "Water Company Is
In a quandary. Judge Seawell has refused
to Issue a temporary restraining order In
the action -instituted by the company to
declare invalid the order passed by. the
Board of Supervisors on April 1 fixing the
¦water rate for the present fiscal year, and
is now on his way to Lake Tahoe, where
22
AD VEBTISEMENTS. .^. v
3750. uardS EXTRA HEAVY PLAIN TAFFETA SILK,
full 21 indies wide; 15 different shades. Always
• sold Dg us for SI. 00 uard] price to close
50c y3rd«
2 cases ALL-WOOL CREPE ALBATROSS, extra Tine
duality) 38 inches wide. All the new shades for
street and evening wear. ( Price 6Oc yard.
37 plecss FINE PRINTED FOULARD SILKS, 23, 24 and
27. inches widej a good varletg of designs and
colorings. Price 50c yard.
Reduced from $1,00 uard.
2 cases GENUINE IRISH LINEN, natural color and
.hatlste finish. This Is the fahrlc so much In de-
mand for outing skirts and seaside wear. Width
of goods 32 inches. Price 25c yard.
150 pieces STRIPED MADRAS GINGHAMS, In all the
new colorings. This Gingham measures fullu
32 Inches in width, and as it was shipped to us
six weeks too late, Price to close 20c yard-
450 SILK REMNANTS AND SHORT LENGTHS OF
FANCY TAFFETAS, PLAIN COLORED TAFFETAS
and LIGHT COLORED EVENING SILKS, all
marked down to ahout one-third less than former
prices. . *
III, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Neglect :d Eyesight
Affects the brain. The wrong glasses will ruin
the strongest eyes.
\
TheNew CityDirectory
Contains reliable information whom to con-
sult In regard to weak eyes and poor sight.
Before having your eyes examined or buying
glasses DO NOT FAIL to look in the New
City Directory for the following headings:
"ETB SPECIALISTS.'.'
"EXPERT OPTICIANS."
"GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIANS."
"GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTES."
"OPTICAL INSTITUTES."
"GRADUATE OPTICIANS."
"GERMAN EYE SPECIALISTS."
"OPTICIANS."
Mayerle's Glasses DO NOT COST MORE
than others, but are far superior to all others
for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, pain about, the eyes, behind the
head or in temples,' nervousness, sore eyes, dis-
charging eyes, feeling like sarid in the eyes,
crosseyes, burning, smarting. Itching, scratch-
Ing, twitching, gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc.
Mayerle's Glasses are used by the highest
y. S. Army, Navy and Government officials.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician,
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
Also graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians.)
1O71K JV\eirU.&t Street,
(Nearly opposite Hlbernia Bank),' San Fran-
- Cisco, Cal. -
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
Consultation, Examination and Advice Fiee.
Telephone South 672. Open Evenings Until i 9.
GERMAN EYEWATER, 50c.
-CUT -THIS OUT. '¦
SUMMER CLEARANCE
*=^ LE , B
The season's best styles, which are your present requirements, are rep-
resented by the special prices here q uoted on lines which we desire to dose
out entire prior to our annual stock-taking.
Tailored Suits m
Special fit tpI^«50 /&Wk "
To commence the new week we've planned for unex- I V^^k
ampled suit-selling 1 . Early choosers Monday morning A 1 » I
may select from over 200 of the season's best and most \ 1 . • /
stylish women's summer costumes; tailored perfection; In A~T&'
fine covert, Venetian and broadcloths: colors, navy, r/\\l
browns, tan, red and black; principally Eton and natty /
short coat effects, silk lined; the skirts lined with perca- / SM.
line or silk. Regular $18.50, ?20 and $25 values reduced . / rw
to ::...........: S12.50 I yr
," Black Silk Dress Skirts. /. . \\
Special $10.00 -Jj \\\
The lot of splendid black silk skirts which we've set \J t \ \*/
aside for this sale are the season's best styles; have the 7 I \ V
correct flare; are corded, tucked or appliqued, and include -,, - \^
our regular $15, $18 and $20 styles reduced to a uniform ~^i^
price $10.00
Summer Jackets. Child's Reefer Coats.
,_„_„.:. «2Ra-Thev'ra of summer' SPECIAL. 91.85— These dressy MU«
«fi T hT "V^»,-t oVwJvo^^ (t, n»v^ Sn summer coata, for ages 2 to « years, are of
weight, covert ana Kersey, in navy, tan, «•-. i.ji..> .i. (l , iZr 1,1 ... JL* .1— __,»
castor and black: Eton and Jaunty jacket Srown • have laW? tane'eoHar'- trimmM
_ l ,,i. o , f.,11 -in- ft-.,*- nnr MB-iiinr fi «ni1 Drown , . „ nave largo cape-conar inmmea
is vliu/s- reduced to J2 60 wlth bratd contrasts; our regular |150 and
$6 values, reduced to ?2.50. 33 coats; re(luce( , t0 e 1-85- _
Albatross Waists. Dressing Sacks.
SPECIAL, 91.95— These are favorite SPECIAL, 05e— Women'i summer cora-
Eummer "waists, soft and cool; fine wool forts of sheer white, pink and blue lawn;
albatross In gray, red, pink, tan, blue and attractively made and prettily trimmed
lavender: -prettily tucked and corded; our with lace and Insertion; our regular $1.50,
regular $3 grade; reduced^to $1.95. $1-75 and $2 values; reduced to 95c . ¦
Specials in Basement Salesroom.
"Women's percale and lawn shirt waists. "Women's $5 taffeta silk waists, colors
sizes 32 and 34 only. SPECIAL, 25c. and blacks, sizes 33 to 34 only. SPECIAL,
Women's $5 wool, plaid back golf skirts $2.05. .
in gray. SPECIAL, $3.25. - t ,^™ en ¦ U-" " nOT^ " d »«eerlaed pet-
Women's $2.50, $3.25 q French flannel "women's pefclle and cashmerette wrap-
waists, colors and black. SPECIAL, ?1.25.- pers> 8lzea & to SPECIAL, OBc.
Children's . 20c fast black double : stock- . ;Women's H, & G. Empire corsets whltn
ings. -sizes 5 to 9%. SPECIAL 12 l-2c. . and black. SPECIAL, 50c. - '¦
M.$ I2)avis4reo.
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
advebtiskuents,
** '¦ *• -A )
Bargain Days Half=Prices
fj£) 1 Brofcsn lines fS|j'
/Jf Ljfor Tots; /TV^S I*" 0 ""** 8
W V , 1 N' Colorings; I'Vf A| tm
H- A /¥' Tailor- made? f^
U^t P-;/.* W » all sizes.
B ill ina P *«cj> is ej , _ , /
JJ $1.88 If $2.98
• , — . k + : _ i
Just Ooe=Iialf ! Cut in Two!
tSnaso^t f| Ktwo
, . ¦ . tne Jrricc
House A>2/jfoj of Our
ai^?J i \ Y'lb Handsomest
X Exclusive JA .* « \ All-Wool .
ii w Y 'T Cb • • -mi Scotch s^ts
\ Trousers; a*es niS to
pt one-half VJ\J ¥ iStccn years,
•for.thissale. WW / , S Prf
$2.98 I X $198
it _ — A -k : 1 j 1
SEND FOR OUR NEW CATALOGUE.
The JT. Noonan Fnrnitnre Co. (Ine.)
Dining Tables.
Solid Oak Extension Tables, sbc
feet by four, only $5.50. Heavy fittted
legs. We have a fine line of these
very desirable tables. All sizes and
styles. In fact, we carry everything
in the houscfurnishinsr line that yon .
can possibly want. As we pay no
rent, we give you the advantage of
this great saving. Come and tec
for yourself.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated.)
1O1T.IOS3 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth, San Francisco.
We close at < p. m. every day but Saturday.
hofiwr
i Ann p»iiG«irTHi»
S runs bat twic<
Q p«r WMk during
111191! "-t
a TU _ Leaving a! 9 an,
n life • ,. . , IJ
a it arrhm In If
I QUF0HI1 iVsUTi
iiiMinn ~~ 1
I LI Mil LU Its htg* sfiutdard I
I of service b w
I x ON foil, maintains*. |
1 SINTA ft I
DR.MCMJLTY.
n-»HIS"WTELL-KNOWtf AND BRIBABLE OLD
L Specialist cares Blood Poison, GonorrhcsiL,Olee5.
Stricture, Baraliml Weakness*. Impotence and tbet?
alllrj.1 Disorders. Boot on Diseases of Mei», fre*.
?» | [r 0 ,r a « r ir x^ enceT( ' rni ' reMon » bi0 ' ri° a £
»to3dally;6:30to3.30ev > pi. Sandnysaoto 12. Consul,
tationireeandsacredly confldentlal. Can or address
P. BO8COE MeXULTY, M.D.
36K Jfc>»raylBt~ BanFranf.iK!O,Cal-
¦ -9
' RR TT Q W P Q FOR BARBERS. BAK,
JDAUOILLym. bootblacks, bath!
-'•-..- houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canneral
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paperl
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories sta-
blemen, tar-roofers. ¦ tanners, tailors, eta
' BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S|
WeeklxCaUtll.00 p<w? Ye%^
1 1 ROSENTHAJL'S~] 1
H I Cv V% JSP J0& W A W 9
@ * i© Wr SL 5& fl £a$hk "«¦* |j
I _«IDSUMMERT I
F 1 . * * - O5y jaa "rt in—in - - -' - - ___« Wk
I I 5Al< E I
c^ri ~ * ~ ~~ .yii'l <v»4_ (S
£9 Thc cnt r husiastic w£y in which San Francisco has taken ad-~ 9
M vantage of our special sale in broken lots, small sizes and fS
id S t? me £ ntire , lmes of fi ne shoes is unquestionable evidence H
£2 that the public recognizes a great opportunity when it sees H
P ? nc r. £ 0 su ch absurdly low prices as these were ever offered - . I
g$j Ladies' Tan Chrome Kid, full French heel. Lace and But- M
M TO $2.50 Former price. $j?.oo M
m Broken lots of Ladies' assorted color Satin and Glace Kid H
K^ Slippers — - mat
B ¦ RJ^UCED TO 75c.. Former price, $4.00 and $"?.ob 11
M v S r S e ? lo } s ¦ L * d ' its ' Fi »est Tan Chrome Kid and Black m
E5j Kid Oxfords, with French and Leather heels. AH sizes M
P* Reduced to f»Oe. IrrespecUve of former orice. §8
Pi a if e wt a ?L? ld o nd Box Calf k* 1 "' in the newest Bhapes. H
gy All sizesand widths. Our regular $5 line, reduced to $3.90. §3
H- kearny Sfc 1¦ - ¦ ' - » --II,, a . -
' V • - * - - . - % » i . . V
Three r People Are Injured; and Others Have Narrow Escapes,
While Employes in Various Structures Rush to Doors and
Qlimb Out Upon Fire Escapes-— Restaurant Is Damaged
GAS EXPLODES IN BASEMENT
OF BANCROFT HISTORY BUILDING
LIFTING SIDEWALK INTO THE AIR
TERRIFIC RESUX.T OF THE EXPLOSION OF GAS IN THE BASEMENT
OF BANCROFT HISTORY BUILDING YESTERDAY. MANY PEOPLE
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH FROM FLYING DEBRIS.
MEMBERS OF HOUSEHOLD
VISITED BY A POLITE
BURGLAR.
Installations Are in Order.
The following named officers of Court
German America were publicly installed
in Foresters' Hall last Friday night by
the board of deputies of the A. O. F.: P.
Harman, C. R.; O. Zoellner. S. C. R.; M.
Fox. T.; W. Clears. F. S.; W. Pertch. R.
S.; H. Plagemann, S. B.; N. Bottle. J. R:
M. Wild. S. W/: M. Brokowaski. J. W.:
Dr. Kuckein. surgeon. After the instal
lation there was a social hour under the
direction of W. J. Plagemann, O. Zoellner,
C. Hauser and P. Harman.
The officers of Bay City Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America will
be publicly installed in the Alcazar build-
Ing to-morrow night. After the Installa
tion there will be an entertainment.
The recently elected officers of the Sts.
John Lodge. Ancient Order of United
Workmen, will be installed in public in
Pioneer Hall on next Thursday evening.
A committee of the lodge has prepared a
programme of entertainment, for the
members and their friends.
Next Thursday nleht District Deputy
Grand Chancellor Clifford will install the
following officers of California Lodge of
the Knights of Pythias: E. M. Eisfelder,
C. C: Charles C. Crowley. V. C; L. P.
MilJman. P.: Warren Y. Dean. M. of W.:
Frank A. Brooks, K. ot R. and S.:, Henry
Beaver, M. of E.; John Huber, M. of F.;
Arthur O. Davis. M. at A.; James M. Har
ris, I. .G.: M. Schumacher. O. G. An in
vitation has beer; extended to the Past
Chancellors' Association to be present.
There will then be an old time smoker, a
programme of musical and literary-num
bers and "an agreeable surprise for one
of the newly elected officers." . ••
Court Sutro Heights of the Foresters of
America has made arrangements to have
its officers Installed in Pythian Castle to
morrow night Arrangements have been
made for an interesting meeting.
Leland, on his part, wanted his witness
and sent an officer after him.
little boy who was hurt. Howard
Holy. Is the youngest of a large family,
his father being a salesman for an In
stallment house. The motorman, whose
name is Sterns, says that he saw the
child, but not in time to prevent the acci
dent. He did his best to stop the car. but
it was too late. He was not running at
an unusual speed, be said, but it was im
possible to brinsr the car to* a sudden
standstill. Conductor Cox corroborated
the story of his motorman. Sterns was
arrested when "he reached the end of his
run.
; - :."When - snow ¦ cea_se3 ', to - corns denra . . Ic»
begins -to. go run. '¦
I If a boy doesn't lovenis mother his Is a
hopeless, case. :
Foresters Will Picnic.
The . sixth anniversary : picnic of Court
Sutro Heights. Foresters of America, will
be ; held j : Sunday,' ; . July 14. at : Glenwood
Park, in the Santa . Cruz ; Mountains. The
members of : the court are working, inces
santly 1 to : make the outing - a pronounced
success. • A : large number of gate prizes,
many of "which are of considerable value,
will be distributed.; ..;.' . .
In -the Divorce Court.
, Suits for divorce on the. ground of de
sertion were filed yesterday by W. V.
'Tukey against Emma A. Tukey, and
Charles H. Blossfeldt against Katie
Blossfeldt. The action for divorce insti
tuted by Margaret Alcese Borllni against
Alfred A. Borlinl has been transferred
from Alameda County to ¦ this citv for
.trial.'* :'. .¦; " .' •:' 1 ' _' v .
Music in the Park.
The Park Band will render the following
programme. .to-day: .
Overture.^ "The Flutist" Kllng
Morceau. ' * 'Klorencia*' Harter
Selection.. "Besrgar Stuilent" MUloecker
Descriptive, "Funeralof a Marionette" .Gounod
"Benediction of the Polgmards" Meyerbeer
Overture, ""Le Dlrectolre". ....Reddinjr
Cornet solo .¦ Selected
! - ,: -:i "William MahtxvJ.
Fantasia on"Cavall»rla Ruaticana"..Mascaami
"Aubade Prlntanlere" .' Lacome
"Parade March" Lee Johnson
1 v — • ? « — -n
Mrs. Stadebaker Passes Away.
¦. Mrs. Fannie Dulin . Stude baker, mother
of .Mrs. Scott McKeown and Peter S.
Studebaker^ Jr., died at her residence at
118 Twelfth street, Oakland. Friday. She
was 42 years of age. The funeral will be
held: fftom 1 the -family residence to-day.
Interment ; will :. be at ; Laurel : - Hill 4 . Ceme
tery. • ¦ •:- ¦¦-;¦- ; ; r. : < < - . '^.3*
MESSEHGEB KEKNAN
DIES HI.THS BATHS
Sudden Ending of a Well-Known At-
tache of the Custom-
Souse.
Thomas ,B. Kernan, who was messenger
In the office of First Deputy Collector
Farley in the Custom-house, died sudden
ly at 2 o'clock yesterday morning In
Burns' baths, on Grant avenue. Twenty
minutes before he died the attendants
called in Dr. Duncan, who ha<J been at
tending him for three days. Valvular dis
ease of the heart was the cause of death.
B. H. Balrd. uncle of the dead man and
Justice of the Peace at .Byron Springs,
was notified of the death of bis nephew
and came to this city Ia3t evening to at
tend to the Interment of the remains.
¦ Mr. Kernan was a native of Kentucky.
S3 years, old and 'was a fine specimen of
physical manhood. He was appointed
mefsengej in the Custom-house on August
1, aS93. and held that position up to the
time of his death. ' • '
Buttel that his ashes be sent to his
brother, Claus Buttel. in Oxnard. Ventura
County, j It was dated June land proved
that the deceased had contemplated end-
Ing his life for some time.
NStole Landlady's Jewelry.
Detective Ryan arrived from Portland
vesterday morning with Goorge Russell,
alias Walker,, alias Brooks. . the waiter
who is accused of stealing '. $Rflo worth of
lewelry from Mrs.' Amy Johnstone. 431
O'Farfell street, where he had a room.
Ke stole the jewelrv on June 25 and fled
to Portland. ; where h<vwas» arrested while
trying to dispose of 1*". ; He said -his real
n ame. was Arthur .w. Pee-'her and that he
was a'.-rative of New Hampshire. Tbe
jewelry was recovered. :•.-
A crowd of boys carried away a portion
of a building on Prescott court, near Val
lejo street, last evening and caused a riot
that claimed the attention of the police
for a couple of hours.
The building which- the young vandals
partly demolished was adjacent to one of
the tenement houses destroyed by fire on
the morning of July 3. It had been
drenched with water to an extent that
rendered it unfit for habitation, and the
occupants removed to other quarters.
About T'Vclock last night a mob of
boys visited the property^ and started to
tear the building down. They carried
doors, windows and lumber away with > a
rapidity that startled the neighbors. Sev
eral-residents in-the vicinity made a pro
test, but were driven away by showers of
bricks. When the owner of the building
attempted to stop the malicious work he
was accorded the same treatment. A riot
alarm, was sent to the central police sta
tion, and Sergeant Christiansen with a
posse of officers started for the scene.- It
took some time for the policemen to sup
press the commotion. .
¦ A search was made for the stolen lum
ber and, some of It was recovered. Ansal
do Jovana, an Italian fisherman, in whose
bouse one of the doors was found 'was
arrested and charged with petty larceny.
John Greenan, one of the boys who par
ticipated In the trouble. 1 was also taken
to prison, where i.e was charged with ma
licious mischief. . ;
Vandalism on Telegraph
Hill- Leads to Small
t — : ¦ .•.
that the burglar had concealed the lower
part of his' face by tying a cloth over it
she would know him again anywhere. An
inspection of the premises made after
daylight showed that the housebreaker
1 ad tried every window on the lower floor
before he climbed on the shed in '.ne rear
of the house.
MALICIOUS BOYS
WRECK BUILDING
that the explosion was not caused by his
corporation. However. . he ordsred his
carpenters to repair some of the damage
and engaged a policeman, to . guard . the
premises. In discussing the accident, Mr.
Crockett said it was similar to the one
that occurred in front of the Phelan
building a year ago. He says these acci
dents are likely to occur at any time, de
spite the precautions taken to prevent
them. The electric currents that escape
from the underground wires pass over the
pipes and the current eats Into the iron.
The damage is not discovered until tiie
odor of gas gives warning.
Before the Explosion.
Many hours before the explosion the
storekeepers in the vicinity of the build
ing noticed the odor of gas. Mr. Johnson
and the Spreckels Market people tele
phoned to the gas company that there wa3
a leak. Men were sent Immediately to re
pair the pipe and were working In front
of the building when the gas exploded.
It has often been said that rats will
leave a sinking ship. The stallkeepera In
the Spreckels Market can vouch that
scores of rodents scampered to places of
safety long before the explosion occurred.
They were evidently driven out by tha
gas. .
There was a rumor rife that represent
atives of a local electric lleht company
•were responsible for the accident. It Is
claimed that two men from the company
were at work in the basement looking for
a defective wire. They were lowered into
the basement and a few seconds later Wal
ter Pantry, • the janitor of the building,
who was standing .near the entrance of
the elevator on the main floor, .heard ono
of the men ask the other if he had a
candle. The man then scenting eras re
marked that-the. use of a light might be
dangerous In such an atmosphere. A few
minutes later Pantry was thrown off hia
feet. On regaining his equilibrium he
rushed out to the entrance and was» in
time to see the sidewalk rise up and then
fall into the basement
thrown to the floor and suffered a broken
wrist. McClure Cowen, an elevator man
emploved In the building, was standing
in the Stevenson-street entrance and was
blown half way into the street, but .for
tunately escaped injury. Mr. Lyons claims
that he is in no way responsible for the
explosion. He says the bSseraent was
occupied by Whitaker, Ray & Co. He be
lieves his "damage is very heavy, as he
'will have to dispose of the stock and fix
tures. He had to close his place of busi
ness and disanpoint many customers.
Lyons is insured.
Whitaker. Ray & Co. were unable to
assess their loss. Mr. Wigstfn of that
company stated that blackboards and
hundreds cf desks were stored in the
basement and only a close examination of
the school furniture will disclose the dam
ape. He says the company is insured.
The building itself is damaged In many
jMaces. It was built immediately after
the great Bancroft fire, which occurred
fifteen years ago. The walls were crack
ed and the flooring was forced upward by
the explosion. It is understood that the
building was covered by Insurance. Th6
damape to the structure is said to amount
to ?4000. ¦ • ¦ -.;¦ =:"/ V :
Cause of Explosion.
The cause of the explosion was discov
ered an -hour or two after It happened.
It appears that the gas pipe of the Pa
cific Lighting Company, which runs close
and parallel to the curb in front of the
History building, sprung a leak and the
pas found an outlet In the basement of
the structure.- This leak was caused by
two electric wires crossing the pipe. The
great heat generated burned through the
iron and. made a hole two inches in diam
eter The workmen. had to tear up , the
street In four places before they could
locate the break. , . „
President Joseph B. Crockett of the San
Francisco Gas Light Company was on the
scene immediately after the explosion.
He set a number of men at work investi
gating the affair and was relieved to find
Mrs. Hammond's request that he return
her some articles in it of no possible value
to him the burglar emptied it of its con
tents, took some $23 and odd cents that it
contained and requested the butler to
show him out "f the front door. He was
so cool that in was perhaps contagious.
At all events Miss Hammond asked him
at this point how he got In.
"You just keep your windows closed,"
he said, "and you will never be troubled
by burglars."
"But you will not hurt us, will you?"
Miss Hammond said.
"I would not hurt a hair of your head,
miss. I think loo much of my own sis
ters."
"And you will take this money and try
to be good — for the sake of your sisters?"
Miss Hammond went on.
burglar coolly met him at the door of
jlrs. Hammond's room with a drawn re
volver. "You come any further," ob
served the burglar, "and you are a dead
man." Irwin <1id not come anv further.
Then the burglar turned to the ladies,
bowing most courteously:
"I really do not want to alarm you, la
dies," he said. "I have a mother and sis
ters myself. But I must have money."
"Bring him my purse, Mary," said Mrs.
Hammond, who was pretty cool herself,
all things considered.
A MOST gentle mannered burglar,
in a light tan overcoat and a
black derby hat, is at work in the
swell neighborhood about Jack
son arid Steiner streets. He has
en apparent scar above his right eye, but
cs the scar may have been painted in to
assist his disguise this mark is not to be
relied upon.
The burglar entered the residence of A.
B. Hammond, at 2C10 Jackson street, a lit
tle before midnight last night. Mr. Ham
nioiid is out of town, but Mrs. Hammond,
her daughter Florence and the servants,
a butler and a maid, were at home. The
ladies of the family slept on the second
floor of the mansion, the servants on the
floor above. The burglar made his en
trance through a closet window at the
back of the house on the second floor,
reaching the window by the aid of a shed.
end passed from the closet into the bed
room of Mrs. Hammond, that lady having
neglected to lock her door, a most un
usual circumstance. The family had re
tired and Mrs. Hammona had herself shut
off the electric light, but she was not
asleep, ¦when she became conscious of the
presence of some one in her room. She
Fpoke ut once the name of her daughter
ttrA of Mary Dok. the maid, and then the
p<=r.tlemanly burglar leaned over her and
' taid, in a low, beautifully modulated
voice:
"Make any outcry and I will shoot you."
He had a revolver in his hand and there
FPfcmed came danger that he would carry
ft his threat. Mrs. Hammond, much
1 ehtened, said nothing, and when her
daughter answered her call from the next
room the burglar whispered to her again:
"Tell her that ycu were dreaming— that
you are all right."
The lady did as she •was bidden, and
•would have remained silent in all proba
bility while her house was being plun
dered had she not thought that she de
tected the odor of chloroform. Then she
arose. "You cannot chloroform me!" she
cried. "Florence, Mary, there is a burglar
In the house!"
At once Miss Florence Hammond gave
the alarm, and Francis Irwin. the butler,
came rushing down from his bedroom on
the third floor. He had no arms, and the
BOY RUN DOWN
BY TROLLEY CAR
So Badly Hurt That He
Suffers Loss of His
Right Leg.
Early yesterday morning little Howard
Holy, seven years old, whose home Is at
904% Folsom street, was run over by an
electric car running south on that street.'
The child was playing on the track when
the accident occurred, and tbe motorman
did not Bee him in time to check the mo
mentum of the car. The little fellow was
knocked down and so seriously hurt that
upon being taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal It was seen that amputation of the
right leg would be necessary.
The attendants at the hospital ax once
telephoned to Chief Surgeon Bunneli. who
had g-cne to the Morgue as a witness In a
Coroner's Jnquest, and without waiting: to
give his testimony Dr. Bunneli at once
returned to the hospital. Entering the
operating room he saw that an operation
was Instantly necessary and the surgeon
prepared to operate.
In the meantime Coroner Leland, finding
his witness missing, sent an officer with
a subpena after Bunneli. The officer went
to the Receiving- Hospital, and finding the
chief surgeon with his apron on ready to
operate discreetly refrained from serving
the Eubpena and the operation proceeded.
There is every hope, the surgeons say.
that the little victim of the trolley car
trill survive his injuries.
After the operation had been per
formed Dr. Funnell explained that he had
had a dispute with Coroner Leland rela
tive to the duties of the chief surgeon.
Dr. Kunr.ell, according to his own view,
thought hie place was at the . hospital
when a patient In a critical condition was
to be operated . upon, jj Coroner
PEDESTRIANS on Market street
1 were startled at 8:45 o'clock yes
terday morning by ' a terrific ex
plosion.' Gas had accumulated in
the basement of Bancroft Hls
tcry building at 723 Market street and 1n
some unknown manner became ignited.
The explosion that followed played havoc
with the cement sidewalk and other por
tions of the building.
Market street was crowded with people
at this hour and, fortunately, only a
few pedestrians were passing at the
time over,.. the spot where the ex
plosion occurred. Argello Arata, a
-recent arrival from Alaska, who lives at
309 Broadway, was one of the..unfortu
nates to be there at the Inopportune mo
ment. He received burns about the face
and hands and a severe shaking up. Will
ing hands lifted him out of his position of
periland he was. quickly sent out. to the
Emergency Hospital. Rumors that a
number of people had been killed spread,
and brave men examined the ruins to dis
cover if any one else was engulfed. The
others who were walking over the side-,
walk at the time of the explosion escaped
the danger by. rushing into the street
when they fel\ the sidewalk bulge up
ward. ... '¦:¦>'
Ropes Immediately Stretched.
The - police were immediately on the
scene. . Ropes were stretched and curious
people were kept In the background.
Every precaution was taken to prevent a
second explosion; but in this the work
men failed. The big service pine which
fiupplied the tenants of the builcCng with
gas was broken off by. the fall oj.'he con
crete, and the gas poured out.. The first
thought was to stop the flow, and this
was done with startling results. When the
broken pipe was capped the gas was driv
en-back and filled the manholes, an elec
tric spark Ignited the fluid, and there were
loud reports. The Iron covers of the man
holes were blown some distance into the
air,, and pedestrians ¦ and horses i wero
treated to , another scare. Ernest Herbst
of 839 Bryant street was severely burned.
Ezcitement in Hestaurant.
The scene in the Bancroft building after
the explosion was extremely exciting. The
men and women employed In the various
offices and factories were frightened by
the noise and locking of the big building,
and fearing that death was near made
wild attempts to escape the danger.' They
ran down the stairs and out. through the
Stevenson straet exit. Many of them
crowded on the fire escapes, and there
was some danger of them falling off.
Cool head's in the street below advised the
frightened people that all danger was past
and advised them to re-enter the building.
Many of them d-d.so, but a dozen or more
feared to risk it. ' . "~
Johnson's restaurant, which is in the
building, was crowded with people at the
time of the accident. The diners were
startled by the roar and rattle of broken
glass and dishes and .with ona concerted
movement- dashed for the door. The in
terio'r of the eating establishment sufEeied
somewhat from the explosion. The floor
ing was ripped up in a number of places,
the transom was broken and the glasses
In the windows were shattered. Counters
were blown upward and a big hole was
opened in the floor. Dishes were thrown
from the tables and the plastering was
cracked and loosened in a dozen places.
Charles Lvons, who conducts a tailor
ing establishment at 721 Market street,
was the greatest sufferer through the ex
plosion. The windows were shattered and
the dust thrown up by the explosion cov
ered the Roods in his establ'shmsnt. The
flooring and dressing-rooms were darn
acred by:the shock and the plastering was
also damnsred. The. srreatest damatre was
done In the hack of the store. Six big
windows used to Hphten the -place were
blown out Into the street, and . it is
miraculous that passing people were not
cut by the fly'ng glass. A heavy iron
ahutteV wan. trfn from its fastentns: and
fell with 1 clutter to the sidewalk. The
frampsTrk in the basement and. the doors
leading thereto were spiit and ruined.
Damage to the Building.
The people at work In the. store were
stunned and did not Tcnnw whether to run
or stand still. Ralph Forrest, a boy em
ployed in the tailoring establishment, was
ENDS A WEAJtY EXISTENCE
? BY INHALING OOAL GAS
O. A. Buttel Tastes of So-Called Sport-
ing life and Finds It a
Failure.; O .,'.-\
' Weary of the ' pace . he had kept In the
sporting world,. G. A. Buttel, of whom lit
tle is .known, ended his life in the Hack
meier, House, 123 ;' Eddy street. Friday
night .Three.; months ago Buttel rented
apartments in the house. He did no work
and was a familiar figure in sporting.cir
cles. Friday night he . retired as .usual,
but 'his failure to leave his room yester
day morning gave cause for alarm. "When
the door was > battered , down his lifeless
body was found 1 on the bed. A gas tub©
had been - secured in ! the suicide's . mouth
by means of a string tied around the head
and tbe other . end had 'been . placed over
an open- burner.. .. :. ¦¦*." V. ng : ../.. .
•In the room and close to ,the body were
several notes. '" One ; was •¦ addressed to - a
Mr.iSchultz. ; and .requested ¦• that : the
writer's • remains N be » cremated. H Another
contained, the half.' completed sentence: .
: Being tired of a sporting Ufa since 1900. .'.:•
- ,Tb.e 4aat not? {contained 'a': request; from
In his monthly , report for June,* sub
mitted yesterday to. the Board of Educa
tion, Superintendent Webster calls atten
tion to the dilapidated condition of the
Washington Grammar school building and
urges that steps be taken to remedy the
matter. Deputy Jordan, who made a per
sonal Inspection of the school, says in his
report: ,¦ * . -
The building of this school is condemned as
old, unsightly and unsanitary. The windows
are so poor, the walls and ceilings so old and
grimy that if pupils retain self-respect It must
be due to extraordinary Influence on, the part
of the teachers. The impression of a visitor
would be that school , authorities had sadly
neglected this school. \ Acting principal and
teachers were found generally ready to co
operate with the deputy on all matters set
•orth in accordance with the- directions or the
Superintendent. The first grade is in especial
ly good hands.
Deputy Superintendent Kingsbury re
ports that he visited the Lowell High School
;in<l found the classes to be in good con
dition. The school lacks some necessary
"aclllties in the scientific department. The
Girls' High School classes were found to
be doing satisfactory work. The Lincoln
Evening- School was completely inspected
ind the teachers found to be in earnest
ind giving close attention to their work.
Much complaint exists concerning the
luality of the ink furnished this school. It
s thick and so. adhesive as to be unfit for
iise. Any attempt to make it thinner by
he addition of water causes it to be so
iight as to be scarcely readable.
Deputy Superintendent Howard writes
hat. a? in his lart. report, he would ana in
nlead for larger and better equipped play
rrounds for at least the new school houses
hat may be built. '.Therein a trial could
Ns made of the real industrial training in
hat kind of work now so much neglected
"n this prreat country of such vast agricul
tural resources.
Relative to reading. Deputy Sullivan
ays that no branch of school education
's more valuable and none Is more impor
tant. Every branch of school work is af-
r ected bv it and education eroes on by
¦neana of it as long as life lasts. There is
io royal road to reading, but there are
-ertaln well-known avenues along wh<ch
'he way is shorter and the •work easier
Tnis leads to th» pusre-estinn thnt as there
•* a marked dlferenre followed In teach
'ng reading in the schools, observable not
"nly In the teacher's work,, but r1<»o in
he' child's vnenbularv. the teachers of the
¦•rlmprv grades s*iiul<1 be palled together
regionally for the P lir T»os<> of tllustrat
nu and discussing methods for the teach
ng of rear"""- ¦,¦- ' ~* ¦
The Superintendent Con
demns Washington
Grammar Building/
The story of the manner in which Rob
ert G. "Wilson shot and killed little. Maggie
Hartwell on Shipley street was retold yes
terday in the inquest before Coroner Ice
land. All the witnesses united in' saying
that Wilson fired the fatal shot. Although
they did not see the revolver, they saw
him raise his hand, saw the flash of the
pistol and saw little Maggie fall immedi
ately.
George Hartwell, the 16-year-old brother
of the dead girl, said that some of the
children threw a firecracker on Wilson's
porch, where Wilson was sitting, and that
immediately Wilson stepped down to the
sidewalk, raised his right hand in the
manner of a man about to fire a pistol
and that there was a Hash and a report
from /Wilson's hand. Immediately there
after Maggie fell to the sidewalk and said,
"Wilson shot me." Maggie was on the
sidewalk with other boys and girls about
seventy-five feet away from Wilson and
in the street was a large bonfire which
threw its light upon the accused and the
crowd of boys and girls at which he fired.
ft All the witnesses said that "Wilson was
disliked by the children In the neighbor
hood, because he showed his hatred for
them. He owned another house on the
opposite side of the street and In front
of which the bonfire had been burning.
The immediate provocation for the shoot
ing, they said, was the throwing of- the
firecracker upon Wilson's porch. Edward
Gegan. Laura Chessman, Mrs. Catama
tori and others saw the flash near Wil
son's hand at the time the shot was flred.
Maggie said to several of. the boys and
girls who gathered around her that Wil
son had shot her.
The accused man is large and powerful,
although his hair and beard are gray with
the frosts of sixty winters. He sat with
his counsel, Robert Ferrall and ex-Judge
Bahrs. By advice of his attorneys, he did
not make any statement.
The jury did not deliberate more than
five minutes on his case before they re
turned the folio wins verdict:
That the said Masrgle Hartwell. age about 11
years, nativity California,' occupation schoolgirl,
residence 206 Shipley street, came to her death
at the Central Emergency Hospital. July 5,
through gunshot wound through body.
And we, the Jury, - further find that Maggie
Hartwell came to her death of a jmnshot wound
flred by Rohert G. Wilson, and we charge said
Robert G. Wilson with murder. •
"Wilson appeared in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday morning on the charge of mur
der. The defendant was instructed as to
his rights, and. by consent the case was
continued till next Wednesday.
SCHOOLHOUSE
IS WOT SAFE
Witnesses Swear They Saw
the Child Fall as the
Pistol Flashed.
MURDER CHARGE
AGAINST WILSON
Coroner's Jury Says He
Shot Little Maggie
Hartwell.
I Pages. 23 to 32 !
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
Crawls Through a Window of Their Jackson-Street Residence, Meets
the Ladies, Takes Some Coin and Receives a Sweet Admoni
tion From Miss Florence Hammond, Daughter of the House
GENTLE MANNERED BURGLAR PAYS
AN UNWELCOME NOCTURNAL VISIT
TO THE HOME OF A. B. HAMMOND
I will try, miss," said the burglar.
'Good-by, then," said Miss Hammond,
nojdlng out her hand. The burglar shook
hands with her with all formality and in
rather a swell manner, and the butler
showed him ro the door. Francis Is a
Frenchman and courteous by race, but he
was almost outdone by the marauder. The
burglar had told Mrs. Hammond that he
had a pal outside the house, and so the
ladies hesitated for a little time to ring
up the police s:ation, but the alarm was
given presently, and when the officers
reached the house there was no trace of
the polite young man.
Mrs. Hammond says, despite the fact
- .j.
Pages 23«A. T. Nicherson, an 1 extensive landowner
and rancher of Sonoma, is spending a few
days at the Grand. .
; George - A. Arnold, ' cashier j of the
Grand Hotel, left yesterday for a two
weeks', vacation. . ¦ . .
A. Thomas Rel, the Chilean Consul to
Japan, arrived here yesterday and is at
the Occidental. .-¦..-- ' - -'
W. H. Garrison, a prominent resident
of Benicia, registered at the Occidental
yesterday.
Archdeacon John A. Emery of the Epis
copal diocese of California Is at th© Oc
cidental. '
A. B. Smith, the Fresno representative
of the Wellman-Peck Company, Is at the
Grand. ¦ < • .. • •
W. W. Worthing, a mining man who re
sides at Stockton, is in the city on busi
ness.
W. A. Macklnder of St. Helena Is at the
California,
John A. Wall, an attorney of Mariposa,
is a g-uest at the Lick.
M. Marks, a prominent merchant of
Oroville, is at the Grand.
Dr. C. A. Larlson, a prominent physi
cian of Treka, is at the Grand.
Captain C. R. Heath, a naval contractor
of Vallejo, is a guest at the Grand.
C. W. Tyron, a mining man and livery
stable.keeper at Angels, is at the Grand.
PERSOiNAL MENTION.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST LOUIS. July 6.— Philadelphia drove
Harper out of the box to-day and then took
a turn at the remainder of the St. Louis
pitchers. | Attendance, 8000. Score:
Clubs— \ R. H. E.
St. Louis » 1| . J
Philadelphia « 18 £ 4
Batteries-Harper, Sudhoff. Fisher, ..Burns
and Ryan; White and Jacklitch. Umplre-
O'Day.
CINCINNATI. July 6.— Boston could do noth
ing with Hahn to-day. ' Nichols", home run
alone saved the visitors from a shut-out. At
tendance, 2200. Score:
Clubs- , H- E -
Cincinnati «- X J J
Boston * ° *
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Fittinger, DI
neen and Klttredge. Umpire-Cunningham.
CHICAGO. July 6.— Brooklyn played a pret
ty uphill game and finally won out by fine
battlns and taking advantage of the locals
errors. Attendance, 3300. Score:
ciubs- . R- ; h- E -
Chicago | « I
Brooklyn 8 " -f
Batteries— Taylor and Kahoe; Hughes ana
McGuire. Umpire — Nash. . ; - . .
PITTSBURG, July 6.— Four hits In the first
Inning. Including a two-bagger and a home
run made it look as though Taylor would-be
knocked out, but he recovered and scattered
the hits after that. Attendance 6300. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
PIttsburg '6 » J
New York 2 10 _ 2
Batteries— Chesbro and Zimmer; Taylor and
Warner. Umpires— O'Connor and Buelow.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Mich., July 6.-Mlller's bases on
balls and errors nearly lost to-days game for
Detroit. The locals won. In the eleventh. At
tendance 2977.- Score:
Clubs— * R. H. E.
Detroit • ¦ "17 3
Chicago ...'... 5 ¦•'•¦ 4
Batteries-Miller and, Shaw; Katoll and Sug
den.. ' . t ';• ¦¦.-.-,.'/¦¦-- " . : -¦
CLEVELAND. July 6.— After giving Milwau
ke« two runs In the first Inning, on errors,
Cleveland batted Hawley out of. the box in the
fourth, scoring six runs. Garvin, who succeed
ed him, struck out the first five men up.- At
tendance, 3215.. Score: ¦
Clubs— ' '¦ ¦ ¦•.¦-., . R._ H. . E.
Cleveland :.......T 11 . 15 y 3
Milwaukee ..................: .....6 8 1
Batteries— Dowllng and Wood; Hawley, Gar
vin and Maloney .• , : - . ' . ¦.
- BOSTON,' July 6.— Boston took a. one-sided
contest from 'Washington- to-day, batting Lee
out of the box in two Innings.' Geer, who suc
ceeded him, was effective, except in the jj third
inning. Attendance 5537. Score: . . ...
Clubs—: . . K. H.- E.
Boston V.".';.7.. ..'...'... l:.'.2..~..:. 5 • ; 7 .3
Washington..:. ...-..;.. ........ "..0 7 > 4
Batteries— Tounff and Criger; • Lee, : Gear. and
Clarke - • :- , ;;,- f- ;'; ¦;• "•' ¦-¦•HHS^NBffi
EASTERN BASEBALL."
New Coursing Park.
The Melrose Coursing Club announces
that the new coursing park at Melrose is
nearing completion and will be opened on
or about July 2L The club was perma
nently organized last Friday evening-. The
park will be under the direction of the
following named officers; President, W.
M. Kent; vice president. Dr. A. J. Dean;
secretary. M. J. Costello; treasurer, Cen
tral Bank of Oakland; judge, A. P. Dean;
slipper, James Wren; slip steward. James
E.^Dean; fleld stewards, J. J. Edmonds
W. M. Kent and Captain P. M. Clarkson.
Headquarters have been established in
San Francisco at 1200 Market street, and
also for Alameda County at W. M. Kent's
457 Twelfth street. Oakland. The new park
is situated between the Haywards electric
line and the Southern Pacific railroad
track.
Olympic Handball.
On Sunday, July 14, a handball tourna
ment will he begun at the Olympic Club
for the Melrose cup, which must be won
three times to become the absolute prop
erty of the winner. As soon as a partici
pant loses a game he will be eliminated
from the tournament. The last four left
will play a round robin. Games will be
played on Monday, Wednesday and Friday
nights, and the tournament is in the hands
of the committee composed of James Mc-
Elrov, George James and John Gleason.
The entries are: James White, McGuire,
Harlow, Curley, Joseph Collins, Charles
Sullivan. A. C. Hampton, Tom Leach,
.Ray Murphy, A. McVicker, W. Stapff, L.
Kemp, Joseph Condon, Al. Collins, Ed.
Antoon, William Jacobs. George Cunning
ham, W. Collins, G. Mahoney. Y. Cle
ments, F. Mulmex and T. J. Lydon.
Calif ornians in Hew York.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The following
Calif ornians are at the hotels: San Fran
cisco—W. Ellery, at the Astor; B. Hay
den, at the Manhattan; S. N. Holmes, at
the Herald Square: Miss Leidle, at the
Holland; Mrs. F. B. Pierce, at the Grand
Union; P. C. Allen, at the Earlington; S.
Coso. at the Herald Square; J. M. Gam
ble, at the Hoffman; Miss M. Marshall,
Mrs. J. Marshall, at the Manhattan; F.
G. Miner, at the Bartholdi; C. F. Wil
liams, at he Earlington: Mrs. Giimartin,
at the Imperial;- Mrs. Hees, at the St.
Denis. "
Los Angeles— W. C. Randolf, at the Vic
toria; J. F. Matheis, at the Earlington.
Wilbur Kyle Wins Again.
SAN DIKGO. July 6.— The second race
for the championship of tho State- be
tween E. B. Stolle of San Francisco and
Wilbur Kyle of San Diego was won to
day by the latter, though the race was
unsatisfactory in nearly all respects. It
was to be a mile race, but no course was
mapped out and the boys agreed to swim
to the United States steamship Pinta and
return. Through a misunderstanding of
the effects of the tide Stolle missed the
steamer and went some distance farther
before turning. On the way back he also
miscalculated the effect of the tide and
reached the Commercial wharf more than
100 feet farther down the bay than he
should have landed. The time made was
18 minutes and 50 seconds, -but the dis
tance was hardly a mile.
European Naval Station Ordered.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— The Navy De
partment has issued formal orders rees
tablishing the European station, with Rear
Admiral J. B. Cromwell In command. The
cruiser Chicago is ordered to proceed
from Rio and will be the flagship of the
admiral. The Albany and Nashville have
mailed from Singapore, en route for the
new station. The headauartcrs of the
squadron will be designated by Admiral
Cromwell and probably will be In the
Mediterranean.
Cricket Match Drawn.
LONDON', July 6.— Cambridge after se
curing S37 runs for eight wickets down
to-day in the second innings in the annual
Oxford-Cambridge cricket match at-L,ords
declared tha Innings closed. The Oxford
eleven made 17V runs for seven wickets
down In the second Innings, • when the
match was declared drawn..
Hayes Is an Outlaw.
LOUISVILLE. July 6.— Judge Field to
day in the case of Thomas P. Hayes
against the new Louisville Jockey Club
sustained the demurrer of the defendant
and decided that Hayes bad.no cause of
complaint.
Suit was brought on May 9, 1901, by
Hayes against the jockey club, which
had outlawed him, for $50,000 damages and
to compel it to allow him to run his
horses on its tracks in I this city. This
suit 'was considered a test of the "outlaw
rule" growing out of the fight between
the Western jockey clubs and the Ameri
can Turf Congress.
Cruiser Newark at New York.
NEW TORIC, July 6.— The United States
cruiser Newark, Captain McCalla, flying
the homewaid bound • pennant, arrived
this afternoon from Hongkong via -Gib
raltar-after a fine runof forty-seveii days.
The Newark left Hongkong on May 25,
passing through the Suez canal. She left
Gibraltar on June 25. ' \
. . _ ¦¦-¦'
Open stake, first round— P. M. Curtis' "War
path a bye; Russell & Allen's Castaway" beat
George Sharman's Bowery Boy, 12-7; E. Geary's
Bonnie Pasha beat E. M.. Kellogg' s Modest
Girl. 9-6; L. M. Connell's White Hat beat H.
Lynch's Lilac, 10-4; B. Geary's America a bye;
B. Geary's Palo Alto beat F. Schou's Nora
Lawrence, 4-2; A. R. Curtis-' Rector beat F.
Schou's King's Borderer, 6-4; Captain Clark
son's Golden Garter beat P< M. Curtis' Shadow,
4-2; Yosemlte Kennels' Mose beat F. A. Me-
Comb's Warship, 8-2; George Sharman's St.
Ives a. bye; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat
T. Barre's Amadee. 3-0; E. M. Kellog-g's Frisco
Lad beat George Sharman's Chicago Boy, 3-2;
J. Caesar's Kanaka beat A. Vanderwhlte's
Master Gordon, 13-5; Sterl & Knowles' Cold
Shivers beat P. M. Curtis' Kcho, 3-2; Chiarini
Bro3.' Santonin beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhill,
7-6; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat Captain Clark
son's Flower of Gold, 8-2; J.Markland's The
Grafter beat George Sharman's Blaek'FIush,
13-7; P. M. Curtis' War Eagle beat" Pasha Ken
nels' Master Rocket, 6-1;. T. J. Cronin's Vandal
beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple, 11-9; Aeneici
Kennels' Fine Fire beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal
Lad 8-6; 'F. S. Price's Brutus beat F. A. -Mc-
Comb' S Hot Haste, 5-4; Pasha Kennels' Rocker
beat T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex. 4-0; J.
Mortality's Kittleman beat Pacha Kennels'
Rude Awakening. 6-4; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena, 2-0; D. J.
Healey' s Lady Clare beat P. M. Curtis' Cash,
5-2; B. M. Kelloggr's Sweet Emma beat Russell
& Allen's Scotland Yet, 4-2: T. J. Mclnerney's
Johnnie R beat ¦¦ W. C. de : B. Lopez's Eager,
4-2; L. F. -'Barters Best Bargain beat' A. R.
Curtis' Pilot, 8-0: F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha
a bye; Russell & Allen's Strayawar beat- E.
M. Kellogrg's Crawford Belle. 4-1: F. .A. He-
Comb's Patriot beat P.- M.= Curtis' Vagrant, 3-2:
K Geary's Ireland beat Pasha •Kennels'- Royal
In the Sapling stake Lady Newark Is
favored because of her experience, though
A. R. Curtis' Fetter Free puppies Rowena
and Morena look like winners.
Prometheus, a 5 to 1 favorite, made a
poor showing and lost his chance.
Likely winners are Warpath, Bonnie
Pasha, Palo Alto, Keclo's Mose, Frisco
Lad, Cold Shivers, Vulcan, War Eagle,
Fine Fire, Rocker, Flying Fox, Lady
Clare, Johnnie R, Sir Pasha. Ireland, Real
Article. Olita, Anchor, Tyrone Prince,
Bona Fide, King Cotton, Wedgewood, Lit
tle Sister, Luxor, For Glory, Agamemnon,
Dewdrop, Harlean Gladys and For Free
dom. .
Following ar© the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
For Freedom won his trial without al
lowing his opponent to score. In .his last
time out the rejuvenated hound was
paired with the same Rosie Clair and won
out. He was given a ba« fall at the time
and showed plainly in yesterday's course
by the way he limped that he had not re
covered from it. His snappy work, how
ever, has set the hope that the once great
dog will again rank among the stake win
ners.
Agamemnon ran a great course against
Plough Boy and showed considerable im
provement.
Palo Alto, at prohibitive odds, holds first
place as choice for flnal honors. Three to
one at opening time, Geary's champion
was cut to 9 to 5 at the close of the run
down. Ireland is at 8. The Pasha Kennels'
youngster, Royal Archer, led him and took
first and second turn in their course and
would have won could he but have got the
kill. This shows that Ireland is not up to
his speed or that Archer is a better dog
than the talent wants to credit him with
being.
Flying Fox a.t 7, Luxor, Anchor and
Wedgewood at 8 is the way the wise ones
figure the odds. Harlean Gladys opened at
6 and closed at 4. Fifteen short ends, the
better portion of which were at good odds,
helped to make a bad day for the talent.
Just at the close of the day's sport at
Union Park yesterday the once peerless
racing dog For Freedom gave an exhibi
tion of coursing that showed that the old
timer has yet a bit of the proper stuff In
his make-up. For Freedom . went to the
slips with Rosie Clair, and when once in
sight of the jack, set a pace that gave the
crowd a surprise. With a display of dash
and energy like that of the champion of
old, the courser made a sensational run
ning pick-up, rolling over three or four
times In his effort to hold the game.
Palo Alto at Prohibitive
Odds Is the Stake
Favorite.
FAST COURSERS
OUT FOR HONORS
The people of San Francisco are prepar
ing for the reception of the visitors, and
the bundesfest will be made a 1 season for
celebration.
Letters and telegrams received at the
headquarters of the National Shooting
Bund of the United States In this city
within the past two days Indicate that a
larger number of sharpshooters are com
ing to San Francisco to participate in the
contests, commencing July 14. than was
anticipated. The New York Independent
Schuetzen left New York yesterday on a
special train heading for San Francisco.
One special started from Brooklyn bear
ing the other riflemen of Greater New
York. It is now estimated that nearly
3000 riflemen from all parts of the Union
will attend the festival during the ten
days.
The prizes thus far on hand are valued
at about $100,000 at a conservative estir
mate. This aggregation of costly gold and
silver ware will be displayed in the park
where the shooting festival is to be held.
A palace for prizes, constructed of plate
glass panels set in gilded rods, will con
tain the -many gifts, which are considered
the best and most valuable prizes ever of
fered at any bundesfest. Armed and uni
formed guards will be on duty,at the en
trance to the glass palace day and night.
The riflemen detailed for that duty will
be assisted by four of the Pinnerton force,
while detectives in civilian attire will
watch over the safety of visitors and also
guard the approaches to the festival place
containing the palace of prizes.
Special Trains of Marks
men Heading Toward
" This City.
RIFLEMEN ARE
ON THEIR WAY
Archer, 6-4; Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat
P. Jackson's Honor Bright, 7-0; P. M. Curtis
Narcissus beat C. . O. Peterson's Silver Cloud.
3-0; Sterl &. Knowles" Olita beat Kussell &
Allen's Talk to Me. 3-2; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne beat P. Doyle's Thelma. 7-1; Russell &
Allen's Spiteful beat E. M. • Kellogg' s Modest
Lad, 9-6; P. M. Curtis' Anchor beat J. Moriar
ity's Snapper Garrison. 8-1; F. S. Price's Ty
rone Prince beat Aeneid Kennels' Achilles. 5-0:
P. M. Curtis' McKinley beat D. J. Healey s
Tapioca, 16-3; P. Doyle's Liberator beat O.
Zahl's Homer Boy. 6-4; F. A. McComb's Bona
Fide beat F. S. Price's Forget, 5-4; A. Vander
white's Lear King beat P. Jackson's Golden
Russet. 3-1; A. R. Curtis' King Cotton beat
J M. Halton's May Hempstead, 4-2; Pasha
Kennels' Roberts' Army beat Sterl &. Knowles
Sleety Mist. 5-3: F. Jones' Wedgewood beat P.
Brophy's Benicia Boy, 4-0; F. A. McComb s
Little Sister beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs. 7-2; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat
P. J. Horgan's Harper. 10-6; A. R. Curt'J;
Luxor beat Pasha Kennels' Lawrence, 4-3; P.
J. Rellly's Royal TInion tx>at Pasha Kennels
Random Aim, 4-1; Sterl & Knowlcs* For Glory
beat F. Schou's Smuggler, 6-1; A. R. Curtis
Candelaria beat F. B. Gerber's Rienzl. 2-0:
Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair beat F. Schou s
Lady Glenkirk, 6-1; Aeneld Kennels .Agamem
non beat P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy. 12-1 ; P.
Jackson's Honor Bright beat Pasha Kennels
Rest Assured, 4-2; Chiarini Bro3.' Dewdrop
beat T. Turner's Tea Rose, n-fl; F. Jones Har
lean Gladys beat P. J. Nolte'a Silver Lyon.
6-0; Thomas Maher's Bad Boy beat F. A. Mc-
Comb'a Motto. 6-3; Pasha Kennels' For Free
dom beat Russell & Allen's Rosie Clair, 4-0;
E. N. Whlteslde's Greenback beat L. M. Kel
lopgr's Iowa Lad, 17-7. _
Sapling stake, first round— F. A. McComb s
Fiery Friend beat Pasha Kennels' Reaching
Ahead 13-11 ; C. Graham's Emln Bpy beat Sterl
& Knowles' Jack Frost. 10-5: K. Jones Doro
thy Belle beat J. Kerrigan's Prometheus. 14-10;
A K Curtis' Rowena beat F. Jones Ella.
Jones' 12-0: P. StelnhofTs Pasha Belle beat
J. Kerrigan's Barbara Frletchie. 12-4; O. Gra
ham's Lady Newark beat E. H. Haley i Mar
vo 3-2: A. R. Curtis' Rowena beat E. N.
Whlteside's Flowery Friend, 7-C. _
Second round— Emln Bey a bye: Rowena beat
Dorothy Belle, 6-3; Lady Newark beat Pasha
Belle, 14-2; Morena a bye. ¦
First race, pacing— Hassola won m two
straight beats. Irrin C and Jim Dtxon divided
second money. Time, 2:19% and 8:19.
Second race, four furlongs— Cayenne) Peppe*
won. Pirate Maid second. Prestonlaa third.
Time. :*»%. ,
Third race, six and a half fnrlonx*— G*orx«
H. Ketchum won. St. Germain second. Home
stake third. Time 1:22.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Valenclenn* woo,
Ha^erdon second. Doublet third. Tim*. 1:0094,
Fifth race— Montana Derby, mil* and a
quarter-Jim Hale won, Kenova ¦eoond, Ada
N third. Tune. 8:10%.
Sixth race, four furlongs— Honest John won.
Aunt Mary second. Blanche Sheppard. third.
Seventh race, mile and Berentr yanSa— Spile*
won. Sylvan Lass second, Frank Duffy third.
Time, l:47K. i
BTJTTE, Mont.. July 6. — Track good: attend
ance large; weather fine. Summary:
won, J. H. Sloan second. Branch third. Time. '
l:+l'/4.
Fourth race, Barrfe stakes, tvar and a ha.lt
furlongs— Henry Zlett won. Ice Water second.
Khetal third. Time, :56%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Lizzie A.
won, Edinborough second, Tyrba third. Time,
1:17.
Sixth race, steeplechase, short coarse, sening
— Tate's Creek won, Basle second. Mr. Brad.
shaw third. Time, 5:19.
CINCINNATI. July «.— Summary at New
port:
First race, six fnrlongr*— Times Star won.
Roltaire second. Chemisette third. TlmclilS 1 *.
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Tha
Widow won,- Debenture second. . Martha D
third. Time. 1:03.
Third race, six and a half fnrlong»— Eowdy
Gr won. Princess Evelyn second. Ononetta
third. Time. 1:21%-
Fourth race, mile and a quarter— Outburst
won, Eltholin second. Baffled third.' Time.
2:07%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap— Totnca
won, Lillie Pant land second, Charlia CXBrlea
third. Time, 1:13%.
Sixth race, mile, selling— Laura' ¦ First won.
The Bronze Demon second. Land Ho third.
Time. 1:43.
LONDON. July 6.— AHyar (I*. Reiff) -won
the. Park Welter plate at the Alexandria
Park meeting to-day. Slbola (J. Reiff)
was second and Parramatta came In
third. Richard Croker's Gladwln (L.
Reiff) won the Oakley plate.
Reiff to the Front
Wins the Great "Western
i Handicap From Big
Field.
Keene'e Toddy Carries Off
the Brighton Beach
Handicap. ) -
CHICAGO. July 6.— Robert Waddell. the
Derby horse, was left in the ruck to-day
in the Great Western handicap. Waddell
had up 122 pounds and was trying to give
a big pull In the weights to some of the
best Worses in the West. Advance Guard
was the betting favorite at 3 to 1, Robert
Waddell and Six Shooter at 4 to 1 each
and Terminus, Star Chamber and Vesu
vian 8 each, and the others were at longer
prices.
After several trials they got away to a
fair start. Vesuvian showed In front, with
the field close up. The pace was slow,
and coming down the stretch for the first
time Sidney Lucas got into the lead,
closely followed by Vesuvian, Six Shooter
and Robert Waddell in the order named.
On the turn, after passing the stand, Sid
ney Lueas dropped bacK beaten, and
Vesuvrkn and Six Shooter took up the
running. Robert Waddell was already In
difficulty, and on the backstretch It was
seen that he was beaten. ?
In the meantime Advance Guard moved
up and got third place. It was still a half
mile from home, and In view of Advance
Guard's unexcelled finishing qualities it
seemed a foregone conclusion he would
win. He held his place until the head of
the stretch. Here Vesuvian and Six
Shotter had shot their bolt, and Advance
Guard took command. The race was over
as far as first place was concerned. Ter
minus came along and made a bold bid,
but it was a futile effort to catch Advance
Guard, who won by two lengths from Ter
minus, who beat Star Chamber a length.
Robert Waddell came in sixth, fighting
hard but completely exhausted. Summary:
First race, five furlongs— Rossfame won,
MeChesney second, L ssamuelson third. Time,
1:02 4-5.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth—Ga
waine won, Tammany Chief second, Hosl third.
Time, 1:49 2-5.
Third race. Great Western handicap, $3000
added, one mile and a half— Advance Guard
won. Terminus second. Star Chamber third.
Time, 2:33 3-5.
Fourth race, the Quickstep stakes, four fur
longs—Abe Vrank won, Charles W. Meyer sec
ond. Ed Austin third. Time. :4S 1-5.
Firth race, one mile— Vulcain won, Crockett
second, Andrisa third. Time, 1:42 2-6.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Federal
won. Hard Knot second. Fantasy third. Time.
1:48 4-5.
NEW YORK, July 6. — James R. Keene's
Toddy, at 10 to 1, won the Brighton Beach
handicap to-day. Smith got him off in
front, and setting a fast pace he made
every pole a winning one and won ridden
out from Water Cure by a length, while
six lengths separated Alcedo. the Suburban
winner, from the second horse. The race
was the feature event of the opening day
of the Brighton Beach Racing Associa
tion's summer meeting. Summary:
First race, the Autell hurdle, one mile and
three-quarters— Draughtsman won. Fulminate
second. Klondike third. Time, 3:21. .
Second race, one mile— Roe Hampton won.
The Musketeer second, Templeton third. Time,
1:41 J-5.
Third race, five furlongs, selling— Fonso Luca
won. Ascension second. White Owl third. Time,
1:02.
Fourth race, the Brighton handicap, one mile
and a quarter— Toddy won. Water Cure second,
Alcedo third. Time, 2:07 1-6.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Leonora
Loring won, Chllton second. Sombrero third.
Time, 1:06 4-5*
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Royal Ster
ling won. Bedeck second, Elolm third. Time,
1:15 2-8. . • •
ST. LOUIS, July 6.— Delmar Park summary:
First race, ona mile, selling— Great Pride
won, Sylvlan second, Frank Pearce third.
Time. 1:43ft.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Hindoonet
won, Fred Hesslg second. Mound City third.
Time, 1:16 4-6.
Third race, mile and an eighth, selling' —
Swordsman won. Satin Coat second, Chicka.
mauga third. Time. 1:52^4.
Fourth race, the Missouri selling stake, $1500,
six furlongs— Waukita won, Gallagher second,
Jungfrau third. Time, 1:17.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — Oudenarde
¦won, Ida Ledford second, Macon third. Time,
IMS.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— John Morton
won. Terra Incognita second, Sadie Levy third.
Time. 1:43.
Seventh race, seven furlongs — General Mac-
Gruder won. Hardly second, Percy R third.
Time, 1:29%.
BUFFALO, July 6.— Fort Erie summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs — All Saints
won. Edith Q second. Infellce third. Time.
1:24%.
Second race, half a mile— Harry Beck won,
Dixie Queen second, Patrick third. Time, :5<%
Third race, handicap, one mile— "Wine Pxess
the deadlock would be shattered. Then
"'King" Kelly absorbed one of those far
away grounders and made out of Josh
Reilly the third dead, Pabst looking glum
and Indigo blue on the third sack.
The ninth did nothing but clear the way
for a string of good local batters for the
following inning. Hildebrand wisely and
•well allowed the ball to scrape his abdo
men In the tenth and was soon ornament-
Ing the first sack. Pabst came to' the
plate and by a pretty and hard hit to the
right fleld fence made a couple of bases,
but so remarkable was BrockhofTs throw
to the plate that Hildebrand was forced
to hug third. But Hildy scored soon aft
er. Krug hit to Reitz and on this out
Hildy treaded the rubber and the game
was over. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhoO. r.f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Reitz, 2b 3 110 0 6 1
Householder, cf 4 0 3 0 10 0
Spies, c 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
Hutchfnson. lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
C. Reilly. 3b. 4 0 0 0 3 10
Kelly, s.s _ 4 0 0 0 111
Bowman, l.f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Hartwell. p 3 110 0 3 1
Totals 34 2 < 0 *29 11 3
•Two men out when winning run was made.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
CroII. cf 5 110 4 0 0
Hllderbrand. l.f 4 110 10 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 110 2 4 0
Pabst. lb 6 0 2 0 11 2 0
Krug, s.s 4 0 0 0 5 5 0
Nordyke. r.f 3 0 112 0 1
J. Rellly. 3b 4 0 0 0 110
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 3 2.0
Evans, p 4 0 0 0 13 0
Totals 37 3 6 1 30 17 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 00002000 0—2
Base hits 0 001020012-6
San Francisco 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1—3
Base hits 1 00110110 l-«
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Evans I, Hartwell 1.
Two-base hits— Householder, Hildebrand,
Pabst. Sacrifice hit— Schwartz. First base on
errors — San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls — Lcs Anerelee 2. Left on bases — Los An
peles 5, San Francisco 8. Struck out — By
Evans 2, by Hartwell 3. Hit by pitcher—Nor
<iyke, Krug, Hildebrand. Double plays— Pabst
to Graham to Krug to Pabst to Krug. Wild
pitches — Hartwell. Time of game — 1 hour and
40 minutes. Umpire^ — Graves. Official scorer —
McFarlln.
Oakland Wins.
SACRAMENTO. July 6.— Oakland Tron to
day's game. Ycnmgey Johnson was effective,
q^d until the ninth inning only three eafe hits
were taken from his delivery. Score:
EACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. r.
Devereacx. sa 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
McLaughlin. If .... 4 0 0 0 110
Courtney. 2b 4 1115 6 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 10 0 0 0
McGucken. cf 8 110 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 1 3 II 2 0
Stanley, c 3 0 112 0 0
Sheehan, 2b 4 0 2 0 10 0
Shea, p „.. 2 0 0 0 0 4 0
Etricklett, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 3 7 S 24 16 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Etreib, rf J 0 1 0 3 1 0
Dunleavy. If 2 110 3 0 0
Dreanaa. cf 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Kagan. lb 3 0 2 0 9 0 0
Francks, es 3 0 0 0 1 S 1
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Lohman. c 3 10 0 7 10
Moore. 3b 2 12 0 110
Johnson, p 2 110 10 0
Tota^ 21 4 7 0 27 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY IXN'IXGS.
Sacramento 00001000 2 — 3
Base hits 01001001 4—7
Oakland 11000020 •— 4
Ease hits 10110040 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Rune responsible for— Johnson 8, Sbea 4. Two
base bits — Johnson. Sheehan. Sacrifice bits —
Kraneks, McGucken, Johnson. First base on
errors — Sacramento 1. First base on called
ballr— Off Johnson 2, off Shea 8. Left on bases
—Sacramento C, Oakland 6. Struck out— By
Johnson 4, by Shea 2. Double plays—Dever
eaux to Courtney to Hanlon; Devereaux to
Courtney to Hanlon ; Courtney to Deveresur to
Hanlon. Wild pitch— Shea. Time of came —
One hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire—
Levy- Scorer—Rutherford.
all.
Not until the eighth did It look as if
other victory for the Wasps was the base
ball meat and drink furnished yesterday
at Recreation Grounds. The Angels were
not on their good behavior. They talked
back, they said unbiblical things and mut
tered rasping •words between their teeth —
all sit the umpire. And for no good cause.
The gaxnt was won honestly, fairly, une
quivocally and received a heightened In
terest when the extra inning was tacked
on. To the pitchers is due the closeness
of the contest-
In the sixth Inning Los Angeles broke
through the icepack. With two of the
Angels' weakest stickers on the sacks.
Householder, who Is the batting scintil
lator of the team, let drive a two-bagger
effair to the right field fence and Hart
well ecored, Reitz going to second. Then
Spies died at first, but by that death he
•worked a heavy benefit to the Angels,
for Reitz scored. The board tUen read two
San Francisco 3, Los Angeles 2.
Another prolonged game ending In an-
Hartwell and Evans Pitched
Careful and Effective
BalL
The Angels Say Unkind
Things About Um
pire Graves.
WASPS WIN TEN
INNING CONTEST
2:14 class, trotting. $1000— W. S. Maben. Los
Angeles, gr. s. Richmond Chief by Monroe
Chief-by A. TV. Richmond; I. H. Mulholland,
Sacramento, br. e. Oslto by McKinney-Twilight
by Othello; Walnut Grove Stock Farm, Walnut
Grove br. m. Lottie by San Diego-by Whlp
pleton: J. W. Donathan, Oakland, b. g. Mc-
Briar by McKli»iey-Briar Bell; George A. Kel
lv Dayton Wash., b. m. Anzella by Antrim-
Hazela Kird by Alwood; S. H. Hoy. Winters,
br. g. McNally by McKlnney-by Alcazar; T. J.
Crowley, San Francisco, b. s. Boydello by Boy
dell-by Durango Chief; H. H. Helman. San
Jose. b. g. Ned Thorne by Billy Thornhill-
Lady Xutwood by NutwooQ; Vendome Stock
Farm San Jose. b. m. Nora McKinney by Mc-
Kinney-Lady by Dexter Prince.
2:40 class, trotting. $1009— Z. K. Drake. Mo
desto, b. gr. Billy L, 9 years old, breeding un
traced; Albert Joseph, San Francisco, ch. m.
Floradora. by Sable Steinway-Pearl by Blue
Bull; A. G. Gurnett, San Francisco, gr. g.
What Is It. by Direct-Lassie Jean by Briga
dier; Robert Freeman, Red Bluff, b. g. Prince
L by Escort-Queen L; I. H. Mulholland, Sacra
mento, br. g. Peter Jackson by Deslgner-by Ab
bousford; P. H. Quinn. Santa Rosa, blk. h.
Black Bart by Robin-by Williamson's Belmont;
Vendome Stock Farm. San Jofe. b. m. China
maid by McKlnney-Blanchward by Onward; D.
F. Oglesby. Carpinteria. br. s. Almonada by
Eros-Maggie E by Nutwood; Vendome Stock
Farm San Jose. b. m. Nora McKinney by Mc-
Kinney-Lady by Dexter Prince; W. S. Maben,
Los Angeles, b. g. Doctor Mac by McKlnney
by Bob Mason; T. C. Cabney. Eureka, br. m.
Pearl K by Wayland W-by Grand Moor; T. C.
Cabney, Eureka, b. m. Signet by Mustapha-
Rapidan by Overland.
2:20 class, trotting, $1000— H. L. Fran«c, Butte,
Mont., b. s. Ben Liebes by McKinney-Belle
McGregor by Robert McGrepor: James Coffin,
San Francisco br. g. Puerto Rico by Sable
Wilkes-Mamie Kohl by Steinway;. William
Murray. Pleasanton. b. m. Mary P by AJex
ander Button; J. H. Kelly. San Bernardino,
b g. Roxe by Conifer-by Alf Richmond; Al
bert Joseph. San Francisco, ch. m. Floradora
by Sable Steinway- Pearl by Blue Bull: A. G.
Gurnett, San Francisco, b. g. Zombra by Me-
Kinney-Nellie Fairmount by Fairmount; Rob
ert Freeman. Rod Bluff, b. g. Prince L by Es
cort-Queen L; Vendome Stock Farm. San Jose,
b m. Solo by McKinney-Standard by Stamboul:
D F. Oglesbv. Carpinteria, br. s. Almonda by
Eros-Maggie E by Xutwood; Vendome Stock
Farm, San Jose, chi h. Thomas R by Iran
Alto-Yadrel by Nutwood.
2:13 class, pacing, $1000— C. Whitehead, Stock
ton, blk. s. Delphi, by Director-Etta, by Dex
ter Prince; M. Hart, San Francisco, br. m.
Hermia. by Soudan; S. F. Martin, Oakland,
b. h. Doc Wllkes, by Mambrino Wilkes;
Charles W. Farrer, Riverside, ch. g. El Diablo,
by Diablo-Elwood. by A. W. Richmond; H. H.
Dunlap, San Francisco, b. g. King Cadenza,
by Stemway-Empress, by Flax tail; J. B. Iver
son. Salinas, ch. m. Dictatress. by Dictatus-
Kalinas Belle, by Coir's Vermont; S. C. Tryon,
Sacramento, blk. m. Margaretta, by Direct-
Rosita A, by Adrian; J. D. Heins, San Fran
ciisco. t>. s. John A, by Wayland W-Lady Moor,
by Grand Moor.
2:17 class, pacing, $1000— Charles W. Farrer,
Riverside, ch. g. i.1 Diablo, by Dlablo-Elvvood,
by A. W. Richmond; S. F. Martin, Oakland,
b. m. Mlramonte, by Diablo-Mountain Maid,
by Cresco; 11. Hart, San Francisco, br. m.
Hermia, b;. r Soudan; J. L. Smith, Vallejo, ch.
s. G&ff Topsail, by Diablo-Belle, by Alcona;
H. W. Meek, San Lorenzo, b. g. Enoch, by SW
more-Belie, by James Lick; E. W. Runyon,
Red Bluff, b. m. Banker 1 * Daughter, by Arthur
Wilkes-Sunflower; C. Whitehead, Stockton, s.
g. Toppy, by Delphi-by Dexter Prince; Alfred
H. Cohen. San Francisco, Advertisor, by Ad
vertiser-Alfredetta. by Steinway; S. K. Trefry.
Pleasantcn, blk. s. Freddie C, by Direct-Rosie
C; Wiliam G. Layng, San Francisco, b. g. Sir
Albert S, by Diablo-Effie Logan, by Durfee;
D. F. Ogleeby, Carpinteria, ch. m. Nellie I;
H. H. Helman, San Jose, br. s. Motanic, by
Chenalis-by Hamboy; Vendoree Stock Farm,
San Jose, ch. m. Our Boy's Sister, by Baywood-
Nelly Bly, by Wapsy.
2:25 class, pacinjr, $1000— W. H. •Williams, San
Jose, b. m. Julia Shake, by Delgamo-by
Shakespeare; H. \V. Meek. San Lorenzo, b. g.
Enoch, by Sldmore- Belle, by James Lick; K.
YY. Runyon. lied Bluff, b. m. Banker"s Daugh
ter, by Arthur Wilkes-Sunflower; C. ¦White
head, Stockton, s. g. Toppy, by Delphi-by Dex
ter Prince; Alfred H. Cohen. San Francisco,
Advertiser, by Advertlser-Alfredetta, by Stein
way; Suntjj. Rosa Stock Farm, ch. g. li. S.
Dillon, by Sidney Dillon-Biscari, by Director;
5. K. Trefry. Pleasanton. br. s. Direct O, by
Direct-Rosle C; William G. Lajng, San Fran
cisco, b. g. Sir Albert S. by Diablo-Klfie
Logan, by Durfee; William Hogoboom. Marys
ville, b. g. Harry J. by Reavis Stelnmar-Jen
nie June, by Singleton; D. F. Oglesby, Carpin
teria, ch. m. Nellie 1; W. S. Maben, Los An
geles, b. 6. Kedline. by Jud-by Redcloake; W.
6. Maben, Los Angeles, b. m. Electra. by Sllk
wood-by Woolsey; Walnut Grove block Farm.
Walnut Grove, br. s. Arthur B, by Steln
way-Wcodflower, by Ansel; T. J. Crowley,
San Francisco, ch. g. Sanclow, by Dictatus-
Etta, by Naubuc; S. H. Hoy, Winters, br. in.
Reta H. by McKinney-by Irvington; H. H.
Helman, San Jose, br. s. Motanic, by Chehali3
by Hamboy; Vendome Stock Farm, San Jo&o,
ch. m. Our Hoy's Sister, uy Baywood-Xclly
Bly. by Wapsy: T. C Cabney. Eureka, b. if.
Al Sandy, by Wayland W-Rapidan, by Over
land.
In addition to the. $1000 purses the as
sociation offers the following purses, to
close on Monday, July 15: 2:27 class trot
ting, $400; 2:17 class trotting, $500; 2:12 class
trotting, $500; free-for-all trotting, $000;
three-year-olds trotting, $300; 2:lX» class
pacing, 5400; 2:12 class pacing, $5'X>; free
for-all pacing, $i>J0; three-years-olds pac
ing. $300; double team race, trotters 1 and
pacers, eligible 2:'J0 class, mile and repeat,
5250; two-mile dash, trotters and pacers,
eligible to any class, $200. 'Also. races for
members of the Golden Gate Park Driving
Club and races for roadsters, trotters and
pacers owned in Sacramento County.
The entries to the various classes as
filled are:
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association filled -alJ six' of the $1000
purses they offered for their Sacramento
meeting, entries closing July 1. They re
ceived a total of sixty-nine entries for the
six purses, which is a very good showing.
New Purses Are Offered by
the Pacific Coast
Association.
Entries for Six Specials
at the Sacramento
Meeting.
TROTTERS AND
PACERS IN LINE
The Americans thus got everything for
which they competed with the exception
of the quarter mile run. No records wera
touched in the other events of the day.
In the preliminary heats of the 100-yard
da3h A. F. Duffy of Georgetown Univer
sity won the first heat. Time 10 1-5 sec
onds. In another heat of this event W.
B. Tewksbury cf the University of Penn
sylvania finished third. Time 10 seconds.
The final heat was won by Duffy by three
yards. Time 10 seconds.
In the 120-yari hurdle race A. C. Kraenz
leln of the Chicago Athletic Club won.
Traffordf of Birmingham second. Tim©
15 3-5 seconds.
The 22C-yard hurdles proved another
safe thing. Kraenzleln led all the way
and won by four and a half yards in tuna
equaling his own record. Baxter of Penn
sylvania started, but was outpaced ami
stopped at the sixth hurdle.
In the pole Jump Irving K. Baxter of
the University of Pennsylvania tied at
nine feet ten inches. .
In the preliminary heats of th© quarter
mile run Maxwell W. Long of the New
York Athletic Club won the first heat In
:57 2-5. In the final heat of the quarter
mile run Wadsley of the Unity Athletlo
Club beat Long by two yards. Time,
:49 4-5 seconds. ''
The heats of the long jumps and th«
quarter mile run were carried out slmul*
taneously. In the former event the Irish
champion, O'Connor, had a walk over, A.
C. Kraenzleln of the Chicago Atbietlo
Club not competing, owing to the fact
that he had strained one of his thighs
while contesgnsr in the hurdles.
Irving K. Baxter of the University oC
Pennsylvania won the high jump and tied
Hodgson in the pole vault. In the latter
event Baxter was heavily handicapped by
having to use an unwieldy pole. His Eng
lish competitor somewhat churlishly re
fused the American the use of his pole.
HUDDERSFIEL.D, England. July 8.— A
great crovrd witnessed the amateur cham
pionship games here this afternoon.
The first event, putting the weight, fell
to G. W. T. Coe. University of Pennsylva
nia, with a put of 45 feet 5}i Inches. Jewett
of Heckmond Wike. England, was second.
Records Are Broken by the
Home Team on Foreign
Soil.
to All the English
Entrants.
Show Easy Superiority
ADVANCE GUARD
IS THE VICTOR
AMERICANS WIN
ATHLETIC GAMES
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJL.Y 7, 1901.
¦ LONDON,- July 1 6.— In the bicycle race
for the Carwardine challenge cup at the
Crystal Palace to-day; distance 100 miles,
the result was: Y. A. Olley, 3 hours, 46
minutes, 17 1-5 seconds; W. A. Dudeen,
3 . hours; 47 minutes, 2 1-5 seconds ; TV.- D.
Raymond, 3 hours, 52 minutes, 66 seconds.
Hundred Mile Wheel Race.
"J. J J. Hartley- of Glendora arrived -here
yesterday from Buffalo, where he has
been visiting the Pan-American Exposi
tion. '
K J.;W. Richardson,. secretary to Speaker
Henderson of the House of Represent
atives, is a gruest at the Occidental.
24
THE CALL'S:;' CIRCULATION
AND SUPERIOR VALUE AS AN ADVER-
TISING MEDIUM.
Indoried by Mr. . C. A. Rucker of Atlanta, Ga., Conceded to Be One of the
Close st Figurers on Newspaper/Circulation in America.
' Ths Advertising Contract Made With Mr. Rucker for the Swi:t Specific
Company Is Based on The Call's Circulation of More Than Sxty Thousand
Cop es Daily and Mor2 Than Seventy Thousand Copies Sunday.
Sacramento, oal. 5/11-1901.
• . . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ * ¦ ¦ " •
Mr. C. Geo. Krogness,
Chicago, 111.
My Dear Sir:- '
1 1 af t ord8 ,me great pleasure to Inform you that I hare ...
recently closed a two year's contract with the San FTanoiscp "CALL*
and an forwarding sane to bur home office by this mail.
I have spent over two weefcs in, and around Frisco, investigating tho
•call" and am free to admit that I was eurprieed at it'e strength,
both in drawing qualities and in circulation.
We have never bdfcn ambitious to_ place our business in every paper
printed, but on the oontrary, have tried to cover each field wj.th as
few mediums as possible. Our first principle is, by investigation, to
8el©T} such mediums as we believe will reach the people and draw trade,
cheg if the pri<se is in Keeping with- their strength, we do not hesitate
to close contracts. The "Call 0 has satisfied me in all of these directions";
Cuts and copy will be forwarded from our home office. \
Respeot fully youro,
¦'-¦•'¦ ''¦ J? ' ' ' <? ' % *
WHEN A MAN
IS CURED AND STRENGTHENED
He is a living advertisement for the doctors who
made him well. This fact accounts in part for the
h gh reputation of DR. MEYERS- & CO. These suc-
cessful specialists for all diseases and weakness of
men have made more permanent cures during the
past nineteen years than all the other doctors in
America have made in half a century.
PRIVATE /L*^^\ CORRESPOND-
book /^^iifiiiiiw\ ENQE
FOR MEN f SWfF^^%\ CONFIDENTIAL
SENT SEALED -I WIm Y \ ALL CURES
AND FREE. I pip -^r*!*>*4 \ PERMANENT.
'HOME CURES. \ r^i^M / * LARGEST
WRITE FOR \ Jvi%#®^ / MEDICAL
DIAGNOSIS >^^V^^^/ IHSTITUTIOH
SHEET, ETC. >>A *vJl \s '" AMERICA.
* ~ * . £*^ I 1
THEIR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
" Anyone dcubt.ng the ability of DR MEYERS
& GO. to cure any ca e of phvsical decay, special
diseases, kidn,e/, bladder and similar diseases may
deposit the price in any rank in San Francisco,
where it may remain till cure is effected If patients
prefer.Jhey may pay~in monthly installments. No
incurable cases taken.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only specialists on
the Pacific Coast who cure diseases and weakness
of men exclusively. No incurable cases taken at
any price.
They hare the largest staff of physicians and surgeens, the best equipped med-
ical institution and the most extensire practice in America.
DR. MEYERS&C07731 sTWaS:
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours 8 to 5 dally. Evenings 7 to 8. Sunday* 9 to It.NEW YORK, July 7.-2:30 a. m.— I»r.
Flint, who has just left the rooms of l»r.
Lorlllard, says that the patient's condition
Is hopeless. Mr. Lorillard, he says, may
live ten hours or he may live a number of
days., but there is no chance of even a
temporary improvement.
Lorillard's Condition Hopeless.
Saturday. July 6.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 25 hours from Lompoc.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmanson. 4 days from
Coquille River.
- Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, hours
from Ventura, in tow of tug Rescue. ',
SAILED.
. ; Saturday. July 6.
Stmr Navarro. Jacobs. . - .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed July »-Scbr Ex
celsior, for San Pedro.
, Arrived July 5 — Schr Meteor, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 6— Stmr Coronado,
hence July 1; stmr Queen, from, Sitka.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The schooner Western Home put back
to port in distress yesterday. Her rudder
head is gone, part of her centerboara" car
ried away and the stern ' considerably
damaged. She left here on July 4 for
Coos Bay. When an offing was made she
ran into a strong head wind and" was
driven back. A fog came down yesterday
morning and soon after ths "Western
Home drifted close -to Duxbury Reef. An
attempt was made to go about, but the
schooner would not answer her helm and
went stern first on the reef. A passing
gasoline schooner brought the news to the
city and the tug Ida "W was sent to the
Western Home's assistance. She was
got off after some clever maneuvering
and towed back to port. The schooner is
not leaking, but she will have to go on
the drydock for an overhauling.
Put Back in Distress.
Roediger arrived in Eureka on May 27.
He represented himself as a organizer for
the Modern Woodmen of America and
had since been engaged in instituting new
camps in this county. He was apparently
50 years of age and in good health and
circumstances. The motive for his self
destruction is not known.
Rcediger's non-appearance in the par
lors of the hotel during the day caused
some alarm and finally an attache of tha
hotel was sent to room 13, which the un
fortunate man had been occupying, to
Investigate. He found the door locked
and was unable to force, an entrance.
Obtaining a chair, he peered through the
transom and saw the body of Roediger
lying on the bed in a pool of blood. It
was removed to an undertaker's parlor?.
EUREKA, July 6.— C. R. Roediger. dep-"
uty grand organizer for the Modern Wood
men of America, committed suicide in tha
Revere House in this city last night. His
body was found at a late hour this
afternoon with a bullet wound in the
head. From all appearances the man had
been dead many hours.
Organizer Roediger of
the Woodmen Kills
Himself.
Miss Jean M. Rew, Selected as Instructor in
, 'Physical Culture at Mills College, Will
Begin Her Duties With the Fall Semester
WILL TRAIN THE MUSCLES
OF YOUNG LADY STUDENTS
LODGE PROMOTER
DIES A SUICIDE
Lennox has taken the money to Los An
geles. He lives a mile and a half from
the city, in a suburban district. t
The story is that when she was 25 year*
old Miss Lennox fell heir to a large sum
of money. She never banked it. but took
it always with her, burying it from place
to place.
"What took place at the interview no one
knows, but at i o'clock this morning the
brother commenced digging with an ax at
the foot of the central post of three in the
back fence of the cottage. The ax prov
ing inadequate, he obtained a pick and
shovel from a neighbor, who went with
him to the yard. At 4 o'clock the pick*
struck metal, and soon a rusted yeast
powder can was unearthed. In it were
gold coins, some of them many years old.
Another and yet other cans were dug up.
The find was one of .thousands of dollars.
John Lennox, a' Los Angeles man, is iho
luro of the story. He is at least the pres
ent owner of a sister's hoarded gold. For
four years prior to the night of July 4
Mi?s Mary Lennox lived in a tiny cottage
on the avenue. It was a place that stood
well apart from other houses. The woman
was a wanderer on the face of the earth,
and reputed to be a great traveler. She
had. lived everywhere, she taid. She had
not lived on the avenue long before her
neighbors discovered curious things. Sha
never, under any circumstances, used a
light at night and she was subject to fit»
of the most terrible agony.
The old lady was 60 years of age and
had no visible means of support. "Where
her money came from no one knew; yet
she was a rich woman. A few days be
fore the Fourth she became deathly sick
and her brother, John Lennox, was sent
for at midnight, as she seemed to ba
dying.
"Won't it be terrible if she dies with
out telling where her money is?" said
some one at the bedside.
At the word "money" the woman
aroused. Her nurse was sent home and
no one but the brother remained with her.
At that time she probably revealed her
secret. She died an hour later.
, SANTA BARBARA, July 6.— A story
with a variety of romantic features has
excited a dozen families on Palm avenue
in this city, it relates to the finding of
thousands of dollars in buried treasure, a
part of the hoard, of a miserly old woman.
The neighbors who know of the matter
are in some mysterious way bound to se
crecy, yet The Call was able to-night to
get accurately at the >Jicts of the caso
and unearthed a veritable fairy tale.
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
John Lennox of Los An
geles Gets His Sis
tsr's, Gold.
An Eccentric Santa Barbara
"Woman Reveals Secret en
Her Deathbed.
FINDS A MISER'S
HOARDED WEALTH
VTee, he escaped on a technicality." „•'!
understood: it .was a handcar."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.- --.¦¦¦ .-. . v
I PHOENIX/AtIz.; July 6.— News ' reached
here . to-day ¦ of V. fatal duel between Ra
fael Granada and Macario .Vigil at Globe.
Jose Guereno, a bystander, was killed and
Granada was seriously wounded.
Bullet Kills Bystander.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao has been fitted throughout with
electric lights, and last night the current
was turned on for the first time. The
large searchlight installed forward will be
of great assistance in loading and unload
ing at Mexican ports, while the other
lights are a blessing after the old oil
lamps. It is the intention of the company
to install a first-class refrigerating plant
ond when that is accomplished the. Cura
cao will be one of the most comfortable
steamships on the coast.
The ship Levi G. Burgess is receiving a
thorough* overhauling, and will not. be
ready for sea for several months.
The boys at the naval training station on
Goat Island and a nine from the Mint
played a game of baseball on the. island
yetterday. The affair* was .very > enjoy
abife. The visitors were given a cordial re
ception and were shown all over the re
ceiving ship Pensacola. , .
"Water Front Jtf otes.
Knowledge of the Character
of Le Conte.
"Why, It can almost be Bald that Pro
**Esar Joseph Le Conte was the Ualver-
LELOVED BY STUDENTS
AT STATE UNIVERSITY
Begent S. C. Irving Speaks With
"It is not easy to over-estimate the in
fluence he has exerted In rectifying the
popular idea that the doctrine of evolution
necessarily tends to materialism, if not
.i theism. So far from this, he regarded
it as inculcating the highest Ideal of a
vorld-plan, and he staunchly maintained
r.ot only its compatibility with religious
belief, but that it offered a much higher
point of view than could be derived from
any of the orthodox doctrines, by elevat
ing nature into the realm of theological
thought and aspiration. This part of his
infiurnoe will be sadly missed In the pref
<-nt state of scientific thought. His death
brines heavy loss not only to the univer
sity but to the world of thought at large."
"It was he who first made the Univer
sity of California known to the outside
world as a school and center of science
on Uw western border of the continent,
ard -who kept It In view of the world of
science, almost alone, for many years.
His connection with It was largely Instru
mental in attracting to it other men, who
otherwise would , have hesitated to re
move to what wast then the outskirts of
civilization from their Eastern homes;
end his ceaseless scientific activity acted
els a stimulus both to his colleagues and
to the students under his Instruction,
•whose affection and esteem remained with
him through life.
Professor Eugene W. Hllgard said:
"The death of Dr. Joseph L« Conte re
moves one of the foremost thinkers and
scientific men of the time; one whosa
•writings and modes of thought have in
fluenced the progress of science all over
the civilized world. Educated originally
for a medical career, he thus acquired the
foundations of the broad knowledge which
later made him equally at home in the
purely physical sciences and in the biolo
gical field. While his geological work la
perhaps best known to the general Ameri
can public, through the wide use made of
his excellent books on that subject in uni
versities as well as - In the secondary
schools, his early and warm advocacy of
the doctrine of evolution probably served
most to make him known and appreciated
In th<« Cld World, where he was always
warmlv welcomed and honored in scienti
fic assemblies by the foremost men.
Professor Hilgaxd Says Warm Ad-
CITE OP 'I'M v. POEEMOST
THLNKEBS OF THE TIME
vocacy of Evolution Made I/e
Conte Best Known.
Judge Ogden Improving.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Judge Ogden's con
dition was reported materially Improved
by the physicians in charge this after
noon. As soon as he can bear the trip he
will be moved from Niles to his home in
Oakland. . " ••
Probably no man ever wanted the earth
more than the one who is making his first
trip across the pond.
slty of California," said Regent &. C.
Irving. "In the world of letters, in the
college world, who did not know Profes
sor Le Conte? He was a great big human
man. . T
"Know him! Of course I knew him. i
knew him and loved him for four years
as a student. All the students loved him
always. He was the one professor who
never forgot a student. If you had once
studied under him, if you had once been
In one of his classes, he would never for
get ycu. A man. let him battle with the
world for as many years as he might,
could always be sure that there was one
man In his alma mater who had not, who
would not forget him. Let him go back
to Berkeley ever, so many years after
ward. Professor Le Conte would meet and
greet him as one who had left the classic
shades but a day before. It was a quality
none of the other professors seemed to
have. Professor Le Conte could and did
com© out of his shell. Let/ the others
wrap their learning about them as they
would he was never too learned to be a
man— and he was most learned.
"To the Btudent body, to the old grad
uates, to the faculty, -to the university
itself his Is the one loss that will be al
most irreparable. Let me tell you an in
cident that occurred at one of the meet
ings of the Board of Regents not long
ago. It was my good fortune, you know,
to have known Professor Le Conte as a
student, as a man. as one of the Board of
Regents. It was suggested at that meet
ing that there had been some vague out-
Elde rumors about the removal of Le
"'What!' said President Wheeler. 'Re
move Le Coijte! Why,. Joe. Le Conte is
the University of California."
"And that was true. Professor Le Conte
had been connected with the university
ever 6lnce the early seventies, whenthe
California College was merged into the
university. He was the companion of the
strong and the shield of the weak. And
the man in the college, be he professor or
student, who felt his place shaky knew
that he could always find shelter behind
the rugged strength of Joseph Le Conte.
"He was the one man, almost the only
man, of really world-wide fame at Berke
ley. There are other famous men there.
There are many men whose fame is more
than American. But, go where you would,
there were men who had heard of Joseph
Le Conte. In the Old World, in Aus
tralia, at the East, if the conversation
turned upon college affairs, some college
man would ask your college, and if you
announced that you were from the Uni
versity of California, he would as cer
tainly say: 'Oh, yes; that is where Joseph
Le Conte teaches.' . . » .
"Professor Le Conte stamped his Indi
viduality upon the University of Califor
nia. Gentle, lovable, never, speaking un
kindly to a human being, and never doing
injury to any of God's creatures, he was
the man of all others who will be most
missed from the walks and halls of Berke
ley.
"His place cannot be filled. No living
man can fill it. As to. his successor, it' is
yet too early to talk of that. His taking
ALAMEDA, July 6. — With rare pres
ence of mind in a moment of im-.
pending danger, Otto Dederky, 6
years old, saved the life of his
older sister Freda on Friday
evening. Tongues of fire were fast licking
up her dress, when he shouted to her to
throw herself en the ground. He then
heaped sand on her burning clothing and
smothered the fire. Unaided in the work,
he fought desperately, and finally con
quered. His bands were so severely
scorched by the heat that they had to be
dressed by a physician." His burns were
much more painful and extensive than
those of the sister whose life he saved.
The brother end sister and a companion
named Willie Sohultis were playing in the
street opposite the Dederky home, at 1708
Eagle avenue, when the accident oc
curred. They had made a merry blaze out
of a lot of exploded fireworks gathered
from the street. Freda did not notice her
proximity to the flames and the back of
her dress caught fire. The dress was of
"The loss of Professor Joseph Le Conte
Is one that is well-nigh irreparable to
the University of California," said Lieu
tenant Governor Neff last night. "I am
sorry that I had so little personal ac
quaintance with Professor Le Conte. I
would like to be able to say from actual
personal knowledge of the man some of
those kind things that are due to his
fame. The students have lost a lovable
teacher and the State a great and noble
man. His death, little as I knew him,
came upon me to-night as a great 6hock.
He was known wherever the University
of California was known and he 1 was be
loved, by all who knew him — a man of the
noblest sort.
'"No, there has been no talk of a suc
cessor to him. There could not be yet,
even if a man could be found who could
take his place. It is too soon to talk of
that. The Board of Regents will hold a
special meeting on Wednesday or Thurs
day of next week, probably, to take ac
tion relative to his death."
Tribute to Memory of the
Dead Teacher.
HIS LOSS ntREPAEABLE
TO EDUCATIONAL WOBLD
Lieutenant "Governor Neff Adds His
off has been too sudden, and the shock of
It too great. The Board of Regents will
hold a special meeting, of course, probably
on Wednesday or Thursday of next week,
to take action relative to Professor Le
Conte's death. But I doubt -whether the
succession will be considered, even at that
meeting. . We must move slowly in the
grave task of selecting the man who is to
succeed him. It is a matter in which the
whole p.eople of the State have direct in
terest."
The boy's parents are very proud of him
and fully realize that through his pres
ence of mind and heroic exertion he saved
the life of his bister. .
"I didn't get . scared at all." said the
young hero to-day. "Sand is a fine thing
to put out fires with, and I threw some
on Freda when I saw that she was on.
fire." - - - .
light material and burned rapidly. In a
moment the blaze had shot up almost to
her shoulders. When she felt the fire upon
her flesh she screamed and drew the at
tention of the other children to her.
"Throw yourself in the dirt!" her broth-'
er yelled, and she complied, as she was
too frightened to run. He went imme
diately to her"and threw lose sand on her
clothing in such quantities that the fire
was smothered. Some of the flimsy ma
terial nearest the flesh he rubbed between,
his hands in an endeavor to crush out the
fire quicker, and in that way his hands
were burned. While this heroic work was
g - oing on the Schultls boy etood a fright
ened spectator, unable to move or utter a
cry.
The children ran Into their home as soon
as the fire had been extinguished and told
their mother of what had occurred. 6he_
summoned a physician, but his services
were hardly necessary. The girl's back
and arms where the flre had burned away
the outer dress and underclothing were
slightly scorched. The boy's fingers were
badly burned and were put in bandages
wet with soothing lotions.
SEATTLE, July .6.— Millionaire Thomas
Constantine Healy, only son of Captain
John J. HeaJy, died at the Rainier-Grand
Hotel this morning of consumption. He
had been affected fop the past two years,
but not seriously until three weeks ago at
Juneau, when he was attacked by a se
vere hemorrhage.
Healy was born twenty-seven years ago
at Fort Benton, Mont. He accompanied
his father, Captain Healy, to Alaska in
1890. He owned the Regina Club Hotel at
Dawson and many mining interests. His
only daughter arrived In the city yester
day morning on the Dolphin, having been
sent from Dawson by her mother on ac
count of illness. Mrs. Healy is yet In
Dawson and will be notified of the death
of her husband as soon as possible.
Alaska.
Illness Contracted in
Millionaire Klondiker Succumbs to
THOMAS C. TTF.ATiY
DIES OF g CONSUMPTION
Miss Rew was graduated a little more
than a year ago from the University of
Iowa. She had determined upon a career
as a teacher of physical culture, and with
that end in view sought instruction in the
most advanced methods In Eastern cen
ters. She first studied at the . Boston
OAKLAND, July 6.— Miss Jean M.
Rew has been selected by Mrs.
Susan L. Mills, president of Mills
College, for the important post of
instructor in physical culture at
that institution. Miss Rew, who comes
highly recommended, was chosen from
among a large number of candidates for
the position. She will begin her *dutles
when the fall semester opens in August.
Every student at Mills is to receive in
dividual instruction from Miss Rew. The
students will be graded according to their
physical qualifications and developed into
muscular young women by a course which
includes the most intelligent and common
sense methods. The plan of giving indi
vidual Instruction Is indorsed by the best
teachers in'the United States and is being
adopted in all schools of learning. Miss
Rew has acquired the necessary skill and
knowledge and is fully equipped for the
work upon which she will enter.
Gymnasium, whence she was graduated
with honors. From Boston I Miss Rew
went to Philadelphia for a short period of
study, finally completing her education in
the higher branches of the art In the
New Haven Gymnasium, whence she was
also graduated with honors.
"So let us be glad that Le Conte lived.
accomplished so much and died so hap
pily, followed by the respect and love of
*very human being that was ever brought
in contact with him."
"When a man of his achievements and
his age is called away it is not so much a
cause cf regret that his career has ended
as or' rejoicing: that such a man has lived
a.nd the world has for so many years had
the benefit of his teaching, his example
and his love of his kind. Still death, how
ever universal in nature, is always a
shock, and the terrible mj'stery of birth
and of dissolution has remained since the
beginning- and will be to the end, the mys-
Tery of mysteries. The trouble about it Is
¦we ca.nnot see far enough In advance. The
bark that has been so long anchored to
the shores of time sets out upon its lonely
voyage. We see only death a.t the helm,
V>ut if our visoln could reach beyond the
mist of tears we should behold not death
the destroyer, but the angel of a new and
happier life at the prow, guiding the bark
to its immortal haven.
"Men at his advanced age usually live
more in th3 past .than in the present, but
this learned man was abreast with all the
science of his time, and as full of enthu
siasm as if age and senility in his case
¦were widely separated. His enthusiasm
as a student and teacher was boundless,
and. while a severe disciplinarian and ex
acting the utmost fidelity of his pupils, he
administered his office with a gentleness
of personal manner that attracted to him
the hearts as well as the intellects of
students.
"Xo few words can do such a character
justice. It is seldom met and to fitly ex
pres« his worth would require a volume,
which, doubtless, will be sooner or later
written* and bis memory, achievements
and value will have some enduring and
fitting memorial. •. .
"To the faculty of the University of Cal
ifornia his dignity and wide renown is
an Irreparable Joss. Yet he had reached
and passed beyond the limit divine law
assigns to humanity — physically and men
tallv — and ivhile his loss -will be widely
mourned by the many thousands of Cali
fornia men and women who have listened
to his teachings, they will all be reconciled
by the thought that he did not live until
his hands were so palsied that they could
not take to his heart the things that he
had so long loved.
"The litany of the Episcopal church
¦teaches believers to pray to be delivered
from battle, murder and sudden death.
Why the third was ranked with the ter^
rors of the other two I have never under-
Ftood, for certainly inevitable dissolution
is best when it comes suddenly, as It came
to this great philosopher— in the country,
•with the winds blowing about him and the
¦tram breath of the summer sun upon
him.
"No professor in any American univer
sity was more generally known, more
¦widely distinguished in his specialty or
more generally beloved than Professor L«
Conte," said General W. H. L. Barnes.
Secord Good Deeds of Dead
Professor.
Says It Would Bequire a Volume to
"The habit of his thought was large
end catholic. He saw clearly, because he
caw in good perspective. He took many
things into consideration when he framed
a. Juidgment. more things that it is given
to most men to see and know. It was be
cause of this catholic range of his vision
that he could not be narrow, and it was
because his human sympathy reached to
so many human lives that he could not
be uncharitable. We shall not see his
like again, but the memory of his life
and his life relived in those he has taught
and touched will remain a unifying, vital
force in the institution to which he gave
his best and a blessing to the world."
XOVING TRIBUTE PAH)
BY GE2TEUAT, BABNES
"In th£ Immediate presence of our great
loss, it is Joseph Le Conte as the mn
even more than Joseph Le Conte as the
scholar, who Is in our thought. To those
•who have known him, who have felt the
touch of his rare personality. I must be-
Jiere it will always remain so. His soul
¦u-as cJear as a crystal. His gradousness
of manner was only the reflection of his
inner life, which was grace an<T human
kindness personified. A kindly human in
terest threw its robe over all the frame
work of his scientific life and made him
¦with all his attainments and all his know-
Ing, a vital, living, loving, helpful human
force. He dealt with the world of nature
but Its lessons for the life of man. for
the cleansing and uplifting of personal
and social life, were of immediate import
ance to his thought. Many among the
hundreds who have sat in his lecture
room may forget wtiat he taught; none
¦will forget what he saw. Even thVough
the pages of his books shone out the
¦warmth of his personality, for there was
heart and the fire of life-interest in every
paragraph he wrote. For thirty-two
years he has been a great vital power in
The University of California. No man
¦can estimate the value of the influence
he has exerted. It has been always and
everywhere for good and for every good
thing- He has believed In the good and
has looked for the good, and everywhere
good has sprang- up by his pathway to
meet him. He wasted none of his time
and strength In the depreciation of his
ielkrw men. His students knew what he
expected of them, and they answered to
his faith.
President Benjamin Ide "Wheeler of the
University of .California said of the dead
scientist:
More Than, the Scholar Is
Thought Of.
President Wheeler Says the Man
DEAD SCIENTIST'S LIFE
O22E OF GRACIOUSNESS
In the midst of; the cvpr-K-hp!niins crandeur of
nature, let me net fovget thiF.
•' ~: { - .
REDWOOD CITY, July 6.— The Board
of Supervisors of San Mateo County will
probably at its next meeting pass a strict
ordinance regulating the running of auto
mobiles upon the county roads. . Super-
Visor Coleman of San Mateo, at a meeting:
of the board, said that the machines were
becoming so numerous and their operators
so reckless that driving along. the roads
was becoming a hazardous recreation. He
desired a limit to- the speed of an automo
bile on mountain roads so slow as to make
the ride unattractive.
After considerable discussion the" board
finally determined that the following reg
ulations should be Incorporated in an . or
dinance: Automobiles must be operated
only by those who possess a certificate
attesting their competency, the examina
tion to be made by a board of examiners
to ; be appointed; ¦ on approaching a team
the automobile must turn to the side -of
the road and come to a stop, and no noise,
such as allowing ' steam..- to escape or
clanging of gongs, shall be permitted
while the team . Is passing. . A speed limit
of probably six miles an hour will be in
sisted upon.' ¦ <- ¦ •¦.•-¦ :
Taking it all In all, the outlook for the
automobllista In San Mateo County is not
encouraging. . - ¦ .. ,
San Mateo 'Supervisors
Regard It "With
Fear.
ROME, July 6.— The Pope has sent a let
ter to the superiors and generals of the
religious orders and institutions, con
demning 'the French legislation against
congregations.
The letter says his Holiness is much af
flicted at the g-ravity of the offenses com
mitted by some nations against the re
ligious orders and institutions. The church
has thus not only been deeply injnred in
Its rights, but Its power of action has
been impaired.
The Pope severely reproves the recent
enactment of these laws by a country to
ward which the Pope. has exhibited par
ticular solicitude, 'and his Holiness desires
to comfort these orders and Institutions
that are suffering from the hatred of oth
ers toward the church. He urges them
to redouble their ardor, faith, prayer and
good works, 'to imitate the examples of
the beioved founders of their orders and
to repeat with Christ the sublime words,
"Father, forgive them."
The letter concludes: . "Console your
selves In God. The Pope and the whole
Catholic world are with you." .
WOULD KEEP OUT
THE AUTOMOBILE
.Legislation Against Con
gregations Causes
Criticism.
POPE CONDEMNS
A FRENCH LAW
Palma for the Presidency.
"Is there any feeling of apprehension
in Cuba with regard to the intentions of
the United States?" he was asked.
"No, there Is no question about it," he
replied. "Cuba trusts implicitly in the
honor of the American people."
"What can you say as to the future
policy of Cuba?" '
"That cannot be answered," replied
General Gomez, "because no one can fore
see the future: but I believe that the at
titude of Cuba will be one of gratitude in
accordance with the obligations of Cuba
to the United States."
"Whom do you think will be the Presi
dent of the Cuban republic?"
"I do not know, but I hope that it will
be General Palma."
"No, no," said General Palma; "that i3
for the Cuban people to 'say." •
"Well, there 'are three candidates," said
General Gomez, "or, rather, three persona
named— myself. General Bartolomeo Mas
so and -General Palma; I will not accept
under any circumstances. General Palma
was elected during the ten years' war and
I hope that he will be elected again."
After the dinner General Gomez said to
the newspaper men that he wished to ex
press his gratitude to the press of the
United States and of the world for the
great good they had done to the cause of
Cuba Ubre. He said that when he came
here years ago he was very sad, but that
on this visit he was very happy, and was
glad to recognize how much the American
people had done for the Cubans. He felt
a bond of sympathy with the American
nation when he first mingled with its peo
ple, but he now felt much more strongly
the reality of that bond. He was sure that
the Cubans were now established in their
own government, and would show, the
gratitude they feel for the help of the
Americans in removing the Spanish yoke.
Cuba and the United States, said the
general, belong together. It Is only a
question of gravitation when they will be
one. But at present, after the great strug
gle in which hundreds of thousands of
lives were sacrificed and when men re
turned to their homes only to find their
Ivives and children starved to death in
the restricted barriers in which Weyler
held them under his* policy of reconcen
tration. they felt that they must have
Cuba libre. It is realized fully. He said
that Cuba cannot get along without the
United States, but the Cubans want to
feel freedom. .
Want to Feel Freedom.
NEwfYORKrJuly 6.— W. E. Stokes gave
a dinner at the Union League Club to
night'to'General Maximo Gomez and Gen
eral Estrada Palma. • Stokes was formerly
a member of the Cuban League of-Amer
ica and was olosely Identified ; with the
work of the junta of which Geneial Palma
was the head.' The' dinner was arranged
on the spur of 'the -moment. ¦ General
Gomez intended to return to Cuba to-day,
and decided to remain until the morning
when he accepted Stokes' Invitation, and
the guests were summoned by telegraph.
The Cuban general was the hero. of the
occasion/ and was -warmly received. He
made a brief speech, which -was Inter
preted by General Gonzales.
General Gomez said he was almost
touched to tears by the remarkable recep
tion he had received in the United States.
He knew Cuba was indebted to the United
States,' but he never knew, until he came
here how deep that debt was— that it was
not merely the obligation of one country
to another, but of brother to brother.
Every Cuban born and bred, he said,
lived and died with the idea of Cuba libre
before him, with the hope of the people
being free and relieved of the yoke of op
pression. ,
Distinguished Visitor Gives
Thanks to Uncle Sam
for Aid.
Cuban General Honored
Guest at a New York
Dinner.
GOMEZ LAUDS
THE AMERICANS
s Continued. Trom Pag-e Sixteen. .
PROF, LE CQNTE DIES IN YOSEMITE
Little Freda Dederky's 'Clothing Catches
Fire and Her Brother After Desperate
"Exertion Smothers the Flames With Sand
BRAVE YOUNG BOY SAVES
THE LIFE OF HIS SISTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JIJLY 7, 1901.
WITH THE OPENING OF THE FALL SEMESTER THE YOUNG LADIES
ATTENDING MILLS COLLEGE WILL RECEIVE INSTRUCTION IN
PHYSICAL CULTURE FROM GRADUATE OF EASTERN GYMNASIUM.
25
HEROIC BOY WHO SAVED HIS SIS
TER FROM AN AWFUL DEATH
BY FIRE. A ' ¦.':
1 1 \ j?r J? Come Drink of the Spring of Youth, the Source of Happiness! |
| I *"*f" A J It Is Electricitg as Given ip i Dr, McLaughlln's Electric Beltl s
I s>>< "^IPLl----^ This Is to Men, Young or Old. ' I
| / % \ % % - *° en ""°. * e 2l Old and Rusty, g
I' .^^^feJfc r jf " To Men Whose Strength Is Wasted. |
|; . ;^#'. 4^^^^rV o Men With. Pains and Aches. |
| \ \ »V r^^^^^^^&^^^^^^P N To men who have from any cause lost 8
S W \ *' ' the bu °y ant s P irits > the courage and confi- $
» '^^^l^ff^r^ (lence which belong t0 the perfect man - To i
g y\ "* >' ou 1- °ff er new life, fresh courage and free- %
I' "^T . dbm from the effects of the past. |
i ¦ VMi^ v - r " Show me the man who would not be a §
g *^P^B^^^^ i|l#j£|il^ r ~~' better man than he is. It matters not how §
« ~Wn\^v *~7?/(*c^v the rocks and shoals of life have worn the S
8. Rheumatism Cured !n SO Days. edge off ihe spirit of joyousness, have dulled g
1dr-mci.atjghi.tn Oakland, cai.. jun, 19. 1901. - the enthusiasm of youth and left the nerves I
stof?^ Tn^i'havrnot'hKS ?™X took n o^i less vigorous,the eye less bright, the step less §
S was troubled with pains In the back and hip Joints for a year., • , -jt rri ji «
S when we day I read an advertisement about your belt. Sol SOHngy, the Hlind leSS forceflll and the »
S bought one. and since I have used It I have been entirely cured -,.,., . , , . ° «
« of all pain. I have not used the belt now for three months. I eral Vitality leSS powerful than they OUeht tO <5
ri feel like a new man. Youmay use this letter In any way you -f r ., J vugm. i«j g
g wish, jours very tmiy. w. w ; lockwood. b e at your age, you want to be strong. Eleo S
w 661 Madison st. . ¦ *•• • ., * * £fc
g .... Lung Trouble. ' tncity applied my way makes men £eel q
?x> - . " • ;" - * Anglola, Cal.. June 23d. 1901."- .'.".'- -%r " " £fc
g DR. MCLAUGHLIN. , --• " . , - VOUng. My ' g
« - Dear Sir: ' In reply to your letter will say that my son. for ¦ . > ( ..-,• ?;. > , g
g whom I purchased the belt, never was strong since he was born. ' _ • f , ¦•> - ¦ _ . «
g but after wearing: the belt for about 4 months he ts as stronir f\f, Mrl a|||ihlin ? C Fln^flT»tf^ R^lt S
I hy re^m^a^. \^£££sg* ££ V f \ . MCLaugiiHn s Liectric oeit I
8 * Docs this naturally. I know that the foundation of all human strength is Electricity, and that Electricity alone S
S will renew the vigor of yo ( uth. Tihave applied it for twenty years, and I have cured io,coo weak men in that time, g
8 I guarantee a permanent. cure in every easel undertake, and ask no pay unless cured. Every -town knows my S
8 ' cures^-men who were cured by my Belt after every kind of medical treatment had failed. - S
8 IX CTTBES Nervous Debility, Pains in Back and Limbs, Rheumatism, Kidney and Stomach Troubles. Vari- S
B cocele and all the effects of vital force in men and women. §
S Call and see me or write for my : finely, illustrated book— free. . S
I DR. Mv C. McLAUQHLI^ 702 Market Street, San Francisco. |
w •-.¦•:." ' . / '¦¦¦:¦: Office Hours! 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. tf"The Great Northern on" well." says the
Willows Journal, -."is -down fifteen hun
dred feet. The company will • go down
2000 feet; if oil in paying quantities Is not
found -they -contemplate boring In two
other localities on other ' land. . Colusa
County was a little backward about get
ting wells started, but it is now working
on seven wells, while Glean Mas threa ca-
According to the Holllster Bee. the Olive
Oil Company, drilling at . Vallecitos, ia
down. 1000 feet and' a flow of salt water
has been. cased off. . • . . .
Mineral Wealth -reports that a dozen
companies are now . drilling In Colusa
County. The Great Northern Company Is
,down 1500 feet in Glenn County. In Te
hama County the Corning Oil and Gas
Company has'drilled 1000 feet. The Con
solidated Company In Shasta County has
passed the 1000-foot mark. The Keswick
Crude Oil Company has- begun to drill:
The Mount Shasta Company, at Sand
Flat, lost Its drill at a depth of 600 feet.
"Work in Various Fields.
It has been known for some time that the
Standard was the only company with wiiich
there was a possibility of making a direct sale
of the local product, and the withdrawal of
that company from the negotiations leaves but
one possibility, that of uniting the product In
the hands of a single concern for its sale on
commission.
The Producers' Association has before it two
propositions, one from the Union Oil Com
pany, and the other from the Oil Storage and
Transportation Company, and President Allen
of the association said yesterday that . It was
thought by the committee of the association
-that' the proposition made by the Storage com
pany is the better one. It is understood that
at the meeting of the association a report will
be submitted by the entire committee recom
mending that the proposition of - the Storage
company be accepted. It Is believed that the
practical cessation of drilling In Los Angeles
has already cut the production below the local
consumption, and that with the producers or
ganized to handle the output on a uniform
price there is every reason to expect an* ad
vance In the market price.
pany to handle the product of the Los
Angeles Oil Producers' Association has
led to more serious consideration of a
proposition made by the Oil Storage Com
pany. There is an interesting rumor in
Los Angeles that the Standard and Stor
age companies have entered into an agree
ment whereby the local company is assur
ed of protection against competition with
Kern River oil. "The Standard Oil throws
up the sponge," says the Los Angeles
Times, in announcing the decision of the
great corporation. The Los Angeles Her
ald says that the Producers' Association
plans to have Its oil sol4 on commission
by the Storage Company. The particulars
given by the last named newspaper are as
follows:
The project to sell the oil went up In smoke
when a letter was received from Mr. Miller,
the agent of the Standard Oil Company at San
Francisco. For some time the committee of
the Producers' Association had been negotiat
ing with the Standard company, and it was
thought that an agreement was about to be
reached on the basis of the Standard taking
the entire product of the members of the as
sociation on a five years' contract at 65 cents.
Time- was taken to submit the proposition to
headquarters in New York, and the, reply came
back Tuesday that It was found that it would
require a number of months to put in sufficient
storage tanks to meet the requirements of the
local field, and It was therefore necessary" for
the Standard to withdraw from negotiations to
handle the Los Angeles oil on any basis,.
The oil locators are still busy in widely
separated portions of the State. The Fern
dale Enterprise tells of the location of a
group of claims in the Squaw Creek region
of the Mattole district in Humboldt
County, to be known as the Ruby, Sum
mit. Oak and General Grant, which to
gether embrace 480 acres.
Articles of incorporation of an oil com
pany capitalized at the extremely modest
figure of $24,000, the stock being divided
Into 240 shares of $100 each, have been filed
at Eureka to operate the Humboldt well
In the Mattole district. The incorporators
are S. M. Buck, J. F. Coonan and T. W.
Hine of Eureka; William I. Hamilton of
Fond du Lac Wis.. and Herbert Hamilton
of Arizona.
On the desert, at Victor, according to the
San Bernardino Free Press, oil has been
struck. The tools drilling In a well were,
according to the report received at San
Ben-ardino. shot up 100 feet and traces of
oil followed in the water that came up.
In the meantime the hopes of the people
at Carbondale, in Amador County, have
been dashed. Land was bonded some time
ago on the strength of oil indications. The
excitement extended to Jackson Valley
and several farmers were offered liberal
prices for their holdings. An expert has
Einee then made an adverse report. The
Carbondale Company has thereupon dis
banded, after a somewhat stormy discus-
Elon over the expert's opinion.
The refusal of the Standard Oil Com-
ing downi The excitement has about died
out and business is taking its place."
The leading crude oil jobber in Los An
gelas Is Mrs. E. A. Summers, who says
that she went Into the business because
of necessity. She owns a score of wagons,
forty horses and mules, does a daily busi
ness of $1000 and has a pay roll of $600 per
.month. She has a yearly contract with
the largest consumers of. oil In Los An
• geles. V. .. , . - . • .
Development in the South.
Oil Is. reported to have been discovered
at Santa Monica, very near the ocean.
A company has begun to drill in the El
slnore Valley, the site of the .first well be
ing in the old lake bottom about three
miles from Elsinore. The' stockholders
are Los Angeles men. . :¦ .
Five wells have been completed in the
past month at Summerland.
The Hanford Journal says of the
Coalinga district that more work is being
done in the territory of the Confidence
group than at any other place in the dis
trict. The Fresno-San Francisco Com
pany has ten derricks up and Is ready to
drill. The Roanoke Oil Company has a
well down 1000 feet. The Coalinga Stan
dard Oil Company hasarigron the ground.
The El Capitan Company is drilling its
second well. The Producers' Guarantee
Oil Company has a well 700 feet deep and
will drill deeper. The Maine State Oil
Company has puts up a new 2000-barrel
tank. The Carmelita Oil Company has a
well down 1500 feet. The Westlake-Rom
mel Company is down 900 feet on Its sec
ond well. Little is doing in the Kettle
man district. . ' ';'.:"¦
G. L. Wright has published a map of
Northern San Luis Obispo and Southern
Monterey counties, upon which are shown
all the oil developments and the ownership
of all oil properties In those sections.
Yorke Council Entertains.
The fifth annual entertainment of Yorke
Council No. 508 of the Young Men's Insti
tute was held last night at Union Square
Hall. ' Extensive, preparations had been
made for the, occasion and an excellent
musical programme was rendered. The
entertainment was enjoyed by a' very
large 'audience. The programme was as
follows: Overture, Fitzgerald's Orches
tra; eccentric clog dance, Professor P.-D.
Findlay; boy barytone, Arthur W. Parent;
buck and wing dance, Miss S. McCall;
Bohemian Quartet— J. C. Flood, G. A.
Wallace, J. E. Dunahue and J. J. Colgan;
song, and dance, Sheehan sisters; solo, J.
J. Colgan.
Fundy Bay, in Nova Scotia, has a tide
of sixty-eight feet, . the highest In the
world. ' • . ; . - . ,
Edna Reeves,* Walter Reeves, F. Alberotte, H.
B.' Rosenberg, Ida May Roberts, Mrs. ¦ M.'
Larry, Mrs. • R. Leone. S. R. Leone, J. D.
Gnlche,. Ukiah; W. Rosenberg and wife. Miss
Stella. Rosenberg-. ' Harland Rosenberg, Master
Harland Rosenberg, Theodore ; .; Rosenberg,
Healdsburg; Joseph P. Stephens, Miss Elsie
Moenghon, Charles S. Hendey, Mrs. G. Sponars,
Mrs. Milton Gale, Miss Margueret Sponars,
Miss Julia Nippert, Miss Nippert, Miss Schen
| del, San Francisco. '
THE GEYSERS— Registered at the Geysers
are: Mrs. Carl Berger, B. K. Eleveth, Herbert
Eomers, Miss L. Pixley, Mrs. S. M. Ewlng,
Lorraine Ewing, S. M. Ewing, It. C Jewell
and wife, Mre. G. ¦ Hefschmidt, Miss Elolne
Hefschmldt, Miss Ruby Jewell, Grelim Boyle,
E. Spcndli. H. Rosenfeld and wife, Byron
Jackson, wife and son, San Francisco; Miss C.
K. Nicholson, Milpitas; G. E. Plummer, Mrs.
C. E. ¦ Plummer, Ethel Plummer, Florence
Plummer. Philip Plummer, Mrs. Rowley, Ala
meda; Carrie P. Brown, E. O. Thomas, Misa
E. C. Parker, Mrs. Bertha E. Thorn OEon, Mrs.
M. E. Floyd. Miss L. S. Floyd. C. H. Thomp
son, J. Ehuma Molley, Mrs. Pearl- Molley, Mra.
Augusta Moonan, Santa Rosa.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests are among the recent arrivals at Skaggs
Hot Springs : ¦ San Francisco— W. Fox, A. S.
Ebbets, George Hall and son, F. R. Sweasey
and wife. Mrs. Wetmore, Alexander Sharon and
wife. Miss May Sharon, Fred S. Johnson, Ed
H. Horton, Mrs. C. Reel, Miss Hazel Beel, Jo
seph F. Coffey, W. Stettin Jr., J. J. Loggle, W.
A. Mitchell, Alfred C. Skaife. A. E. Long, John
J. Carroll and wife. Miss Nellie Carroll, Miss
Loretta Carroll, Miss Adele Boyken, Emlle
Hirsch and wife, William Hatteroth Jr., Mrs.
C. H. ¦ Ballard, Miss E. M. Gillesple, Miss G.
W. Downing, William R. Conn and wife, Miss
R. M. Bookofsky, Mrs. J. Cohen, Miss Lelia
Cohen, H. . Oppenheimer and wife, Miss Ruth
Oppenhelmer, Miss Betta Oppenheimer, F. S.
Mulhaupt, Charles Shaetylein, Eugene Dan
nenbaum, Sidney R. Dannenbaum. Herman
Cohn and wife, Julian Conn, Milton Conn, O. F.
Lange and wife, M. Ikenberg and wife. Colonel
D. E. Miles, James F. Leahy, W. B. Cook and
wife, A. M. Cook. Miss Emma J. Cook, Miss
Ethel J. Cook. Miss Iter A. Board, Dr. H. G.
Richards and wife, I. Goldman and wife, Miss
Doris Goldman, Harold Goldman, Mrs. J. Ash
croft, Miss R. Ashcroft, Mrs. M. F. Brewer,
Miss Frances M. Henan, A. S. Ebbets, Mrs.
S. Levy, Frank L. Ilaupt, George F. Eberhard,
M. Moellar, . Miss Dorothy • E. Lewis, Miss
Fanny Mayblum, Miss Lily Koenigsberger, L.
Joseph, Mrs. S. , Rafael, Harry Rafael. James
Hansen, Russell C. Miner, Louis Block, Ben
Lust. Joseph Zuckerman. \V. J. Tuska, E. H.
Kowalsky. Mrs. George Hofschmidt, Miss
Elvira Hofschmidt. Miss Hose Bohen, Miss
Ruth L. Merrill. Mrs. A. J. Reardon, Miss Lil
lian Reardon, Miss J. Rice, Harry Schwartz,
Miss T. Aukel, L. E; Gregor, Mrs. M. Draper,
Miss Elsa Draper, Miss Dorothy Draper, .Mor
gan Draper, Mrs. \V. Fleisher and daughter,
Henry M. Englander, Miss Florence O'Connor,
W. P. Higglnbotham. Oakland— Mrs. E. S.
Dennlson, Miss Dennisbn, Miss Florence Sloper,
Mrs. R. B. Ayer. Mrs. Henry . Hofschmidt,
Walter Hofschmidt. Alameda— H.- G. Mehrtens
and. wife. Miss Alice Rosseter. Mrs. H. A. Ar
nold, F. J. McLaughlin and wife. Santa Rosa —
C. L. Story, George W. Callahan, Miss Hazel
Dorothy Farmer. Healdsburg— Mrs. Josephine
Sauslng. Henry Marshall. Miss Louise
. Schwarze. Miss Lena Schwarze, Dr. A. Y.
Browne. Mrs. E. L. Rhubart. Montana — Miss
j H. Shattuck. Ashville. N. C— Cicero Nichols. ;
Gcyr.erville— Walter Black. Los Agnajeo Rancho
—Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker and. party.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— Among the recent
arrivals at Byron Hot Springs are: From San
Francisco — T. ¦ W. Rivers and wife. Miss Marie
Adam, Harold C. Smith, D. M. Brerton, C. F.
Kapp and wife, Alex Hishier, Mrs. Jean Bloch,
Julia Bloch, Frank Jewell, H. K. Knibbe. P.
B; Donahoo and wife, H. L. E. Meyer, H.
Scholten, Charles Frttzdren, A. A. Brown,
Captain Otto Luders, Joseph Mcllroy. M.
Murphy, R. Schrensky. A. Derby, Robert Day,
Abe A. Hess. L. C. Babin and wife. W. D.
Hoboo and" wife, C. H. E. Hardin. John Buch
ner, E. E. Chenot. Splro Radulovich, Thomas
J. Welsh. A. Drossener, C. J. Enbusk, Mrs.
Albert Bettens. Master Thomas Ricks, Miss
H. L. K. Meyer. From Stockton— Mrs. A. N.
Buell, Miss BudlonR, Patrick Mahoney. J. C.
Thompson, Frank Davis, F. B. Hubbard.
From Folsom— Brainard F. Smith. From
Fresno— H. Granz and wife. From Oakland—
Lanvor Korletz, T. E. Grlmez. From Boston—
C. E. Wesley. From Yreka— William West
brook and wife. From Bakersfield — A. W.
Storms and wife. From Port Costa— Dr. A. W.
Rickey. From Milton. Calaveras County, CaL—
Thomas L. Willis. John C. Eproson.
¦• HOTEL METRO POLE. —Among the late ar
rivals-at. the Hotel Metropole. Avalon. Santa
Catalina Island, are: Mrs. Charles F. Bunker.
Paul E. Keller and wife, James E. Degan,
John F. McCaliffe, Dr. James H. Seymour.
•E. S. Smith. John Ballard, F. M. Ballard. A.
C. Hellmann, Mr. and Mrs. William P. Lewis,
Mrs. P. Lewis. Miss Ella Lewis, A. L. Mc-
XTeod, I. L. Gilbert. J. P. Davenport, Mrs. Ar-
l thur B. Palmer, .Paul Palmer, T. F. Ryan and
"wife, Joe Gardner, F. Klein and wife, San
Francisco; Giles G. Crandall, Alameda: Mrs.
'Benjamin F. Weston, Samuel H. Weston,,Mrs.
Ella Warner and R. B. Ayer, Oakland. . ¦
.' ,HOITT'S.— Guests registered at Holtt's. Men-
Jo Park, San Mateo County, Include: Mr. and '
Mrs. George T. Klink. Miss Janet Klink. Miss
Elcnor Klink, Mr. and Mrs. James Moore, Mr.
and Mr*. Arthur W. Moore. Miss E. Ghlrar
delli. Miss C. Ghirardelll, Miss Ruth Ghlrar
delli. Miss Mary O'Connor. Henry de la Cruz,
Mrs. de la Cruz MIssipo, Marter Louis Mlssipo,
R. J. H. McNee, Miss Daisy Mannlne, Mr.
and Mrs. Paul Goodloe, Miss Grace Goodloe,
Miss May Gobdloe, Dr. and Mrs. E. N. Dow,
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Castle. Master Eugene
Castte, Mies A!ma Clauson,^ Mr. and Mrs. J.
T. Schuyler, Mrs. John Wagner, John Howell.
Miss Helen Wagner, Miss Ethel Wagner. L.
T. Wagner, Chester Wagner, Miss E. Jeflers,
Miss M. Jeffers, Miss Witland, Miss J. A.
Doran. Mrs. S. C. Talcott, Emil Wieland,
Mrs. M. W. Gray. Master G. Gray, Lawrence
Davis. Miss Gertrude Davis, Mr. Watson, Mr.
and Mrs. C. M. Smith, San Francisco: Mr.
an1 Mrs. W. E. M'.lwain, Miss Kate Beau
vais, Miss Helen Robbins. Miss Sadie Robblns,
Mrs. F. A. Wilder, Miss Gladys Courtaian,
Oakland: Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Goodwin, J. W.
Hanson Jr., Alameda: O. Hoas, Mazatlan,
Mexico: "VV. F. Hoean. Mrs. Hogan. Denver;
William K. Reid, Auburn; Miss E. Elliott,
Butte County; Mrs. M. B. Kellogg, Belmont;
Professor H. O. Larsh, Nashville, 111.
Nlcolal. Henry Newman, Elliot M.. Smith,
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder and daughter. A.- H. Wil
son, MIes Dora Plagemann.. Dr. Jamas H.
Seymour, Captain Charles M. Leavy, Miss Ida
May Roberts, Mrs. I. Weiler, Ettie C Weiler,
A. B/ Weiler: Oakland— Miss Mary E. Keegan;
Petaluma— Walter Clark and wife: Berkeley-
Mrs. J. P.'Orr, Marie P. Orr, Nannie C. Orr,
J. | A. VesKon.
CAMP CURRY— Arrivals at Camp Curry. Yo
semite, during the past week include:* Dr. A.
P. Wall, Berkeley: Edward A. Richon, Thomas
L. Cross, San Francisco; Professor J. C. Hum
mell. Professor and Mrs. C. H. Greenman,
Fruitvale; O. H. Moore. Miss H. J. Elliott, San
Francisco; Professor A. , W. Stamfer, Chico;
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Vaughn, Oakland: Mr. and
Mrs. Val. Schmidt, San Francisco; Mrs. A, B.
Winters, Emporia, Kans. ; Mrs. C. W. KIdd,
Sellgman. Ariz.; Miss Mabel E. Martin, Mer
ced; Robert E. Gilkey. Crawfordsville, Ind. ;
Mrs. James Denman, Miss Mary W. Denman,
Miss M. C. Dunham, San Francisco; Mrs. C. H.
Gaytes, Herbert Gaytes, Oakland; Mrs. Black,
Mcs. M. Rissman, San Francisco;. Mr.. and Mrs.
M. Austin, Chicago; Harry Pleasants. Wayne,
Pa.; Mrs. John-T. Carpenter, Potterville, Pa.;
Mrs. Ella A. Young. Mrs. A. S. Holmes, Grand
Rapids, Mich.; C. N. Perkins, D. McGrath, San
Francisco: Miss Ida A. Dutcher, Miss Dutcher,
Egbert Dutcher, Prescott, Ariz.; E. P. Llesy, ,
William S. Rice, Stockton; Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
WUlson. Columbus. Ohio; B.. H. Reeb, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Agard, Miss M.
V. Agard. Miss May Haworth. Dr. Vida Red-
Ington, Miss Lena M. Redlngton, Oakland; Miss
Elizabeth Rothermel, Miss Genevleve Knoll, |
Miss Margaret Webb, Berkeley; Miss Bertha
Knox, Oakland; A. R. Knoll. Berkeley; Pro
fessor and Mrs. Frank Soule. Berkeley; Mrs. C.
Durbrow. the Misses Wolfsohn, San Francisco;
¦Miss H. L. Smith. Berkeley; Miss Isaacs, Walla
Walla. Wash. ;• Mrs. Grant Taylor. West Side;
Miss Josephine Colby. Walla Walla. Wash;
Miss Emma Palmer, Sonoma County, Cal.; Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton, San Francisco; Mr. .and .Mrs.
C. G. Stafford, Eureka; Miss Grace - E. Stafford,
Eureka: Miss Edith Allen, Oakfand; -Miss M.
Edyth Ferguson, Rio Vista; E. T. Parsons, Si
erra Club, San Francisco; C. P. Gopding, Sierra
Club, S.an Francisco; Bernard ' Miller, Sierra
Club, San Francisco; Lieutenant E. D. Scott,
U. S. A.; Captain B. F. Cheatham, U. S. A.;
Miss' Grace L..Thorne,. San Francisco; Miss
Edith Cullis, New York: Miss Julia H. Brum
ell. Miss Katharine C. Brumell. Professor Jo
seph Le Conte, Mrs. Davis, Berkeley; Dr. Ed-
Ward R, Taylor, Mrs. Judge Myrick, San Fran
cisco; Professor L. T. Henpstler. Berkeley; Mr.
and Mrs.-. William Keith, San Francisco; Miss
Bridgeman. Miss Chapman. Miss E. C. Good
hue. Miss Martin, Reno, Nev. ; Professor C. D.
Snyder, Stanford University.
CAMP REVERIE.— The recent arrivals at
Camp Reverie are: From San Francisco— Mrs.
Northrup. Miss Fortescue, Miss J..M. Stewart.
Miss E. C. Stewart, Mrs. S. H. Smyth, Miss
Isabella Smyth, S. Stephens, Florence Walker,
Eugene Fritz, Mrs. E. N. Fritz, Miss Fritz,
Alice F. Martin. Mrs. W. F. Martin. Mae
Moran, Miss Lalia Susie Richards, Miss Muriel
M. Richards, Russell Dodze Richards, W. N.
Growell, R. L. Eames. Mr. and Mrs. Thomp
son and three children, Mrs. N. S. .Friedburg,
Miss Rae Friedbunr, Mica Lilian Friedburg,
W. S. Keatlngs, . Miss Agnes Bach, H. E.
Rose. P. J. McCormick. Mrs. A. H. Winn and
child. Miss J. Wolf. Miss Canbrowitz, Fran
cis . Harris. Ora Harris. Caspar Harris. Mrs.
C. S. Harris. Sanford Harris, AVilllam Abrams,
Mrs. J. Abrams. Miss Gillie Rodgers, Mrs. JE.
Kennedy; Miss Kennedy, William T. Kibbler,
Mrs. Kibbler, Evelyn Comstock, Mrs. Alice E.
Cramer, Mrs. T. H. Andrews. C. F. Richards.
J. F. Schemp and Mrs. J. C. Cannon. From
San Rafael — Jud£re James Hayden. From Se
bastopol — Mrs. . F. G. Stokes, H. Wai Bassett,
Mrs. A. Bassett. From Kansas City— W. S.
Walker. From Oakland— H. G. Crafts, Mrs.
Emma Shafter Howard, Mrs. E. E. Jerome,
Leonard Jerome, C. A. Fuller, Mrs. Fuller,
Miss Frances Fuller, Shafter Howard. J. D.
Arkinson. Mr. and Mrs. N. E. Montgomery.
From G'.en Ellen— Miss Nellie Bishop. From
Fruitvale— Miss Edna Prather. From Indian
apolis—Mrs. May Wright Sewell. From Berke
ley—Mrs. E. Houzhton, Mrs. H. G. Webb, T.
S. Winter. W. Haynes, Mrs. Haynes, Miss
Haynes. Miss Alice Henry, Miss Mary Henry'
and Mrs, J. S. Merritt.
WILLOWS RANCH— The following guests are
registered at the Willows Ranch: Mrs. M. E.
Joyce; Misses Sadie and Isabella Joyce, Mrs.
T. B. McGinnls, Miss Sussle Lavery. Mrs. Zad
dart. Miss EUa Zaddart, Master Frank Zad
dart, William Zaddart, Mrs. A. Colin. Miss
Tillie Conn, Mrs. Lehman. Mrs. J. D. Felder
man. Misses Sophie and Etta Felderman, Baby
Tillie Felderman, Mrs. O'Nell. Miss E. Sars
feld, Mrs. Steingraph. Master Roy Stelngraph,
Edward Steingraph. Mrs. Meyers. Miss Meyers,
Mrs. Meyers and two sons, Mrs. Hulterman,
Mi«s Hilda Hulterman, Alfred and Rudolph
Hulterman, Alfred Dinkelsplel, Edward Phil
pott.
GILRCY HOT SPRINGS— Recent arrivals at
Gilroy Hot Springs include: From San Fran
cisco-Henry • F.- Carlisle, C. H. Heitntan. Miss
H. B. Fairweather, -- James Hansen... Josephi
Westphal, E. F. Armstrong, R. Ritchie, T. B.j
Enright, Mrs. George T. Shaw, A. F. Foster;
George T.' Shaw. F. P. Wilson, R. N. Wll&on,
Captain C. Peterson. Mrs. T. F. Dunn, C. Clif
ford. Fred Engells. Hon. ,J. F. Nolan. C. C. Mc-
Mahan, Mrs. William A. Butler, Miss May C.
Butler, Theodore Richards, Mrs. Thomas But
ler. J. B. Leigh. Miss M. Dean, P. F. McDer
mott. C. M. Beck, Mi\ and Mrs. J. MacDonald,
D. Hoffman, P. Niclson, Mrs. M.' T. Nlel
son. From Gilroy— P. T. Ryan. S. M. . Kilpat
rick. James E. Kennedy Jr., Henry Wells.
From San Jose— T. B. 'Kelly. Miss L. Stephens.
From Alameda— Mrs. Paul Ridley and child, M.
Larida. From San Felipe— Mrs. H. F. Chase, H.
F. Chase. From Belvedere — Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Ijean. From Live Oak Ranch— Datle Naylor.
From Half Mcon Bay — Frank Gomez, Manuel
Ralida. From Centerville, Alameda County-
Jose P. Diaz, Jose R. Serpa. From Oakland— T.
T. Scott, W. T. Jackson, H. G. Swanson, Miss
F. Swanson, E. Lahanier, P. Curran. ¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following is a
list of the arrivals at Saratoga Springs during
the past week:. James J. Cronln, Dr. E. W.
Perkins and wife, Oscar Wopltmann, William
Wopltmann, C. G. Bobsdorff, Henry Neuman,.
Henry Jacobs, Miss Carrie Fisher, W. H.
Steiser, L. M. Lasell. William Roehr, John
Mierdoercks, ¦ M. F. Sabbs and wife, Carrie
Pestdorf Mrs. C. Meussdorffer, Mr.' and Mrs.
Clayburgh. Miss J. V. Oliver, San Francisco;
Alonzo Irvine, Willlts; H. Ri Lloyd. Spring
field, Mass; Miss Reeves, Miss Paine, Miss
OIL MEN BORING I N NEW FIELDS
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
z~---^HE past week in town, socially
1 considered, was the dullest
(\ \ " one experienced for many
I viz inoocs. Everybody who could
\j""v went out of town to spend the
Fourth. This week there will
be several weddings to brighten things up
and woo the fashionable people back to
town. s
A pleasant birthday party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Manderlein to their
son, Francis, on the afternoon of Julv 2
at their home. 5 Fourth street- The fol
lowing children «wrere present: Francis
Elmer Manderlein. Mabel Crandall. Fan
nie Hiller, Henrietta Hiller. Bennie Hiller,
Lottie Edwards, Marie McCormick, Wal
ter McCormick, Viola Rutilda Ruallo, Ed
ear Kennedy, Virginia Roessing. Dora
Roessing. Esther Nichols. Dagmar Nich
ols. Alice May L-ipman. Milton Meyer.
Samuel Meyer. Lottie Koscenbach, Bessie
Roscenbach, Tessie Solari. Ethel Carcass.
Arthur Mandenein, Millie Manderlein.
Miss Katherine Black gave a reception
on the afternoon of Friday, July 5. to
two of her pupils. Miss Ina Allen, former
ly of Chlco, who made her debut at the
Orpheum a few days ago, and Miss Mabel
Quatman. at present the soprano soloist
In the choir of St. Mary's Cathedral. Miss
Allen, Miss Quatman and Miss Black
sang for the guests, who numbered about
twenty musical people.
Mrs. M. A. Burns of New York and
Mrs. I. R. Burns of Honolulu are the
quests of Mr. and Mrs. Edwip Oscar
Burns at their resifience. 319 Page street.
Mrs. B. Washer of Chicago is visiting
her eister. Mrs. W. Mosher, 1S30 Eddy
street. „
The Misses EUa Mosher and Lulu Ros
xnarin are at Anderson Springs, where
they will stay for about a month.
Mrs. C. L. Haskell, accompanied by her
two daughters, the Misses Florence and
Lottie, is spen<Iing the summer months in
Calaveras County.
Miss Kathryn Hall of this city will
epend a few months' vacation with Mrs.
James F. Dunne of Gilroy.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Deizelle (nee DIxon)
are spending the summer at Highland
Springs.
Mrs. S. Ashenson and daughter have re
turned from San Leandro and are at pres
ent residing at 910 O'Farrell street.
Miss Marie Nathan is spending several
weeks at Mark West Springs.
Miss Laura Nash of Columbia is visiting
her aunt, Mrs. H. M. Calkins of Central
avenue.
Harry Levy, with the firm of McNab &
Smith, is spending his vacation at Salinas
as the guest of Mrs. Granger.
Dr. T. H. Morris has gone to the Yo-
Femite Valley to spend his summer vaca
tion.
Dr. and Mrs. George I. Drucker are
spending the month of July in the moun
tains of Mendocino County.
Dr. C. C. Mohun and wife will leave to
day on the Santa Rosa for Santa Monica
end Catalina."
Mrs. J. F. Brooke, children and maid
are spending the summer at Santa Monica
and Catalina.
Mrs. I. Friedman of 121 Russ street is
spending a few weeks at Mark West
Springs.
At the Resorts.
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests reg
istered at Ocmp Meeker last week: From San
Francisco— William Day, Mrs. J. W. Day, Lee
lie Houdlette. Mrs..' F. V. Meyers, Miss T. Le
Coste. Mrs. H. C. Sexton, Mrs. J. Kavanaugh
end son. James Landers, Miss Susie Hosken,
Adolph Belay Mrs. F. G. Curtiss, Misses Alma
and Helen Curtiss, Myrtle Curtiss, Juanita
Maison Cassie St. Clair, Elise Russell, Ellle
Madsen. Mrs. James Gibb. Miss F. Gilley. D.
Crowns- A. Harrison. Miss A. Graefenecker.
Mre. J. Keating. F. E. Palmer. George C.
Bcyd, Ina M. Ball." Mrs. S. G. Brown, Miss C.
S. Brown. Mrs. R. A- Simmons, Mrs. C. G.
Howard and oon, Mrs. L. Goodwin. Charles
A. A. Gebhardt, W. L. Hallett, Henry G.
Clark. Henry S. Shirlevans. A. L. -Griffith.
Thomas YV. Gilrnore. C. A. Howard, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Nauman. Belle Van Winkle.
George H. Curtiss. Mrs. H. White. Edna
White R. P. Center. Richard Barnes. Miss
Mabel J. Morris. George H. Qulnton. Mr. and
Mrs. A H. Massey and eon. Miss E. M. Mas
pry E. E. Leeds, Mrs. E. B. Leeds. Miss E.
B." Leeds-. F. A. Koetitz. Mrs. Alfred Orrett.
Miss Nellie W. Fulton. Miss Meta Murphy,
Agnes M. Murphy. Mrs. M. Murphy. Mae E.
Sullivan Anna McDermott, James McDermott,
Flanche'Dean, Mrs. M. J. Miller. M. A. Marks,
Mrs. W. E. Barter, Franklin Leavy, L. B.
Murphy, W. Oels. T. Wolpman. H. Gebhardt,
C. E. A. Creighton. Elton Lambert, J. Kyne,
Dr. Warren Conlon. T. M. Carmichael, D. D.
P., Thomas J. Clyne. Edythe W. Marion. M.
B. Marion. Flossie Falstaff, Mrs. F. Brune
man. Gussie Bruneman, Leslie Bruneman.
Charles Brown. W. D. Ward. F. P. Cox, Mrs.
C. Verdenhalven. F. C. Fetter. W. D. Fer
pusen. T. P. Tupman, Mr. and Mrs. P. Lope and
son. Miss Jane James. Miss E. Bender. James
Gibb. Mrs. I. Winson Gibb. Miss Harriet Mc-
Grath, Thomas D. Campbell. Mr. and Mrs.
F. Hatch. Stanley Thomson Jr.. Percy St-
Clair Dr. Ralph Nealon. Clifford Watterson.
Ira Becht Tillie Tiffany. Kitty Clancy. Maggie
Grabbenhelmer. From Honolulu— Miss Pea
body. From San Rafael— Miss W. A. Wilson,
V. W. Hoxle and wife, Grayce E. Stone. From
England— James F. Boobenhieme. From San
Jose — Edmund Gordon. From Alameda — W. A.
Muller and wife, MrB. O. VT. Fisher and fam
ily Philip W. Alexander. Mrs. F. G. Curtiss.
From Oakland-Mr, and Mrs. M. L. Cheney,
E H. Robinson. Miss Ethel Richman. Mrs.
ri. V. Barnes. Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Ransom.
Wallace Ransom, S. F. Merritt. W. D. Wolp
n-.an. From Sacramento— William H. Thom
son. From Elmhurst— Mrs. C. W. Booth and
family. From Berkeley— Miss J. Allen. From
Angels Camp— R. F. Meeker. From Santa
Rosa— Miss Pearl Gawler. ;-'' #> ]j .
The campers at this place celebrated
the Fourth In a very happy man
ner. The pavilion was handsomely decorated
with flags, bunting and evergreens and the
programme was a great success, owing to the
efficient management of Mrs.-. W. T. Marion,
Miss Emily Roethe, Mrs. Lelong, Mrs. Sco
ville, Miss Crosscun and Mrs. Hoxey. Races
anl rames with Mr. F. C. Fetter as master
of ceremonies broucht the programme to • ar
pleasant end. The following was the day's
programme in full: . ¦ . - ~
Song. "Star Spangled Banner"; address
apropos to the day, Professor Waterman; read
ing. Mrs. Lelong; song. "Men of Harlech.V
by the children of Camp Meeker; recitation,
Stanley Parker; fancy dancing, by little Miss
Hazel Smith (accompanied by Mrs. Fetter);
recitation. Inez Marion; coon song. Miss Enid
Root; recitation, Stanley Long; "Columbia,
Gem of the Ocean," children of Camp Meeker;
flute duet (piano accompaniment by Mr. Dls
becker), Mr. White and Miss Edna White;
recitation. Miss Alice Boardman; fancy danc
ing. Misses Merchant (accompanied by Mrs.
Merchant); vocal solo, "Angels' Serenade." by
Miss Roethe (accompanied by Mrs. Roethe
with violin obllgato by Mrs. Hoxey); reclta-/
tlon.- Klngsbury Parker; selection from the
"Geisha," by twelve young ladies, drilled by
Mrs. E. M. Long (accompanied by Mrs. Hoxey
an I Mrs. F. C. Fetter); "America."
PARA ISO HOT SPRINGS- The following
people are guests at Paraiso Springs: Mrs. J.
Shore, . E. A. Kober. wife and children; Mrs.-
J. W. Raphael and children; L. Rothenberg,
wife and children; Max Samuels, Alf Elling
houRe, Moses Samuels and wife. Mies Leila
Samuels, Miss Sadie Herlnghi. C. S. Samuels.
Sanford Samuels. • Marguerite v Howard, R. P s
Hool and wife, R. A. Doak. M. M. Matthews.
R. H. Clark. San Francisco; L. M.. Dlnkelsplel.
wife and children, Bakersfleld: Miss Wallace,
M. M. Souza. A. A. Cruz. J. W. Smith. Wat
sonvllle; S. E. Ledman and wife, Louisville,
Ky.; Thomas Lynn. Gilroy; W. J. Rogers. San
Jose; William H. Shea, King City; Mr. Young,
Salinas.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests registered at California Hot Springs
during the past week from San Francisco:
Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Clinch and son, Mme. L.
A- Sorbler. Miss Cecile Sorbler. Miss Marie
Sorbier. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Ricketts and
children. Nelson Andrews. A. E. Chapman.
S. L. Bravermsn, James F. Forster, L. J.
Sheehan. G. H. F. Jackson, John Hoey, Charles
Hoey, Merritt Cutten. Franklin Bangs. W. J.
Cory, Miss Chispa Sanborn. Miss Florence
Sherwood, judge and Mrs. Carroll Cook. Miss
Cook, Miss Houston Cook, Miss Alma Mitchell,
J. C. Kierulff. Will H. Stinson. Miss Mary A.
Scherer, William Barry. Miss M. Riley, Mrs."
Martin Berwin. Miss Belle Levingston. Mr.
and Mrs. W. Maack, Mrs. H. Mohr, Dr. A. E.
Phelan, Dr. Charles E. Parent. Mr. and Mrs.
Gavin McNab. Mrs. D. L. McDonald. • Miss
Laura L. McDonald. Miss Blythe McDonald,
Dewitt L. McDonald. Miss Lindberg, Miss
Mary Lindberg, J. • H. Ray. L. E. Hoffman.
M. M. Galloway, Maurice Spier, Miss May
Cohen, Henry C. Hubabrd, Dr. Bauer, Miss
Nlchol. Miss Julie Granice. Mr. and Mrs. D.
H. Green. Mrs. A. L. Peyser, Miss Mary G'.ea
son. Miss Margaret Gleason. Miss Nell Boylan,
Miss Julia Boylan, Miss Emma Burnham, A.
F. Wissel. On the Fourth of July Leando,
Van Court, Leonard, Millwood. Berger, Galnes.
Spiro. Werz, O'Leary, Rittler. members of
the Olympic Club, pave a fine athletic ex-.
hibition at the baths. The Fourth was ob
served by an aquatic matinee at the 6Wimmlng
tank, and a most brlliant fancy 'dress bal
masque at the hotel. The costumes showed
much care, taste and ingenuity.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— The past week at
Highlands has been very gay, with numerous
riding parties to Laurel Dell. Cleat Lake and
Soda. Bay.
Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Brown, Florinne Brown,
Mrs. Lillian Brown Evarts and Miss Carolyn
Oliver of Oakland are domiciled in the Floyd
cottage for a several weeks' stay. On Wednes
day they gave a card party on the porch of the
cottage. i
Mrs. Hunt and Mrs. Ivancovlch gave a pro
gressive card party on the porch of the "Den
son."
Thursday fourteen ladles and gentlemen went
fishing to Kelsey Falls, returning -by moon
light. They caught over eighty line trout.
Mr. Walter H. Linforth. accompanied by Dr.
Lagan and Mr. W. It. Delzelle, came up and
took the "Crocker cottage" for a few weeks'
stay.
Mr. F. ~H. McCormick. the well-known Rock
Island representative in San Francisco, accom
panied by Mrs. McCormick and Miss Grace, ar
rived on Sunday for several weeks' stay.
Recent arrivals are: Harry McDonald,
Charles D. Bandman. Walter G. Hate. A. J.
Stimson. G. S. Smith and wife. Henry C. Mar
tens, J. Poly, J. W. Cameron, Miss Maud
Cameron Mrs. \Y. H. Noland, children and'
maid. Miss A. O'Brien, May O'Brien. Mrs. B.
Moose J. W. Lundburg, E. M. Farman, John
Martin. Dr. E. N. Short, H. J. Rich. A. J.
Rich Jr.'. Mrs. Potter. Mrs. Charles Levy. Miss
Levy. Mrs. John MeNally. Miss Mabel Me-,
Nally, Mrs. George R. Armstrong, Miss Ada
Armstrong. S. W. Levy. Mr. and Mrs. Clar
ence, M. Mann, Miss Rose A. Fisher, J. H.
Witte". R. A. Moose, Mrs. M. G. Lytton, Miss
CamUle Lytton. James B. Coryell and wife.
Mrs Belle Brlttan, Miss Belle Brlttan. Miss
Natalie Brlttan. Miss Carmelita Brlttan. W. R.-
Delzelle, Harry F. Sullivan, William D.
O'Kane, San Francisco. W. P. Taylor. San
Rafael. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. McCormick. Miss
Grace A. McCormick. Alameda. Mr. and Mrs.
R G. Brown. Miss Florinne Brown. Mrs. Lil
lian Brown Evarts. Miss Carolyn Oliver. Oak
land. Ed P. Colgan. R. H. Beamer. Sacra
mento/ Nelson McClure. Uklah. F. D. Teller,
Alameda. Mrs. W. P. Taylor. Mrs. S. P. Tay
lor, G. M. Taylor. S. J. Taylor Jr.. James M.
Stevenson, San Rafael.
LAUREL DELI* — The following are among
th-j recent arrivals at Laurel Dell: San Fran
cisco—A. S. Ebbets, John Bennett and wife,
Ethel R. Bennett, Helen W. Bennett, J. Kirch
ner, wife and children, W. H. Demlng. Miss
Elsie Moraghan. Eugenie Moraghan, F. H.
Moraghan, M. Moraghan. E. Moraghan, E. W.
Perkins and wife, W. S. Stinson, A. G. Walk
er J. J. Collins, Alfred L. WIel. L. Strass
burger, S. Slnshelmer, Charles S. Hendry. H.
A. Dannenbaum. O. L. Blackman. W. J. Fitz
gerald. E. A. Behlow, Miss M. Hollub. Felix
F. Dougherty, R. McDowell, Mrs. F. B. Jes
surun. Miss Florence Jessurun, Miss Stella
Jessurun. Francetta Moore, Mrs. A. M. Meyer
and child. Herbert Somers, Mrs. H. MInlfeld,
Miss I. MInlfeld. Mrs. E. W. Briggs. George
Wltschey, Joseph B. Coryell and wife, Emma
THE'SAF; FRANCISCO GALL, 77^ 1901.
26
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW_QPEN.
. Camp Reverie on the Guernevllle. branch of
the California Northwestern Railway Is practi-
cally a hotel under canvas.
Table board by the week. $6 50. Furnished
tents— different sizes— everything new— charges
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. $2 50. Take boat at Tiburon Ferry.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association.
Room 81. Flood Building. San Francisco, for
particulars and booklets ; or write Camp Reverie
Association P. O. Forestville, Sonoma Co.,
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the ticket
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
zy, Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
HoVeL* METRO POLE and COUNTRY CT»UB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournament*.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to E . C .- PECK . Agent . "
10 Montgomery et.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Lo» Angeles. Cal.
_ . — —
Delightful Surroundinqs and WITTER
Excellent Accommodations at TV 1 1 1 LH
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
Certain cure" for Stomach, Liver. Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physlclana. Thou-
Tickets. "California and Northwestern Rail-
' road. Stage from Uklah.
RODNEY McCORMICK. General Manager.
WrTTKR a MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANT.
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 84.
Af/AA/in HOT WRINGS. SONOMA
QJr/ifvfwX Co -' onlr ** houn> from
OA/l UVU San Francisco; but 9 miles
i . staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath In State:
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express: first-class hotel' and stage'
eervlce: morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $3 60. Take Tiburon ferry
Bt 7'3O a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
*ix years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Fkaggs. Cal. - ¦
", GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
gam and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON. Prop.
OWN A HOMEV^CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, .tenting ground free; saw- •
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, $3 round
-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER., or H. M.
GREGSON*. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
jtfiSP Three trains dally; 2^4 hours' ride. A
iT^si- i Bettens. Mgr. . Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co.. 36 Geary street, . City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz mountains: 5
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. . MRS. I. N. HAYES.
HUNTING AND FISHING GALORE.
Parties ¦wishing to go on a hunting and fleh-
lng expedition 'In the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout-fishing is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON, Lowrey. Tehama County.
JOHANNISBERG.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery- st. ...
"the geysers,?-- 1 :
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER, manager.;
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
- Flshli.'g; boats: excellent 'table; climate per-
fect: 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee, Cal. ¦...„• : ¦ ,
VtCHY SPRINGS,
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water ia abundant: The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Uriequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., "
: . - • Proprietors.
Fof rest and health | N THE SIERRAS
near ColXax on U. P. R, R. Elevation just right —
24C0 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging? good
table ; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.(0 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Sprites, Coif ax, CaL
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
..P. O.\ EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. ¦ Hot mineral baths near by. ' Terms.
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILH AR-
.DOU, lessee. ¦ ' .. v ' *
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health,' pleasure,
fishing, hunting . and swimming; : good table;
guests at '.home; never fall to return; send for
souvenir. . VIC PONCELET, Llagas.
- i TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR. A
few guests; mountain' scenery; pure air. $3
per week. H. B. LAWLEY, Callstoga. Cal. ,
¦HO! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via : C." C " Fobs*' Stage Line from ¦ Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery in connection. C. C.
FOSS, Proprietor. Callstoga, Cal. • - \
- HOTEL BENVENUE. ?&¦
On the shore of Clear Lake j_ home cooking:
$7 -per week and upward. F. and A, M,
SCALES. Lakeport, Laka County, CaL.
Central California
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vcndome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New. Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park ahd count-
lees other attractions, reached over perfec.
roada v Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful place
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— «10. %U. Ill,
$15 and $18 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
316 Montgomery St.. and nee photographs of
hotel and xurroundlngs. We take pleasura In
"*rritinK full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
...NAPA... Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL.
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally.
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOUJIANN. Proprietor.
THE SEASIDE RESORT OP CENTRAL.
California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel:
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capitola. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
ci«co $32. Round trip from Stockton $27..
Staging VA hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemlte Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market »t., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black 3571. _^_
r>Ft. C C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT > GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasura re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N P R. R. give special rates to campers:
SO cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
waterf boats and bathlner free. Inquire of DR.
C r O'DONNELL. office lOntf Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasura and longevity this Is the place to go.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California: lots amusements; fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office.
918 Larkln St., S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 26 miles by
stage west of Williams: fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New J-story
hotel: fine new bathheuse. Board and lodging.
Including baths, {10 a. week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
• Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. J7. 'Inquire at Beadle Bro«.", 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansomn
st.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena, Cal. . ¦ ¦
'•1PIINE KNOLL."
Beautiful mansion - house and magnificent
grounds, situated In foothills, one and a half
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box E3; St.
Helena. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per week
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st. or
address EDSON BROS.. Beswlck. Slskiyou
County. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOSIE "S3T15.
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable "garden. Hot. cold baths.
Spring water. Rates. $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Tosemlte without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
Office. 620 Market street. ¦ •
rOSEMiTEf I
Will flW PAVfH Former Proprietor w
nILLUff KAflUI Crandell-A summer home
In the redwoods. 5 miles from _Santa Cruz-
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for ltseff
For particulars. TULEY & ILIFF. Santa Cruj"
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
1% hours' ride from S. F.: E miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach dtseaaea
Hotel and Cottages renovated. I*ke for boatina
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion, it tn $10 a week
Special ratesfamllles. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
S55O.OO
Or, less will cover all expenses of a io davs*
trip to Tosemlte. Curry's Office. 630 Markcf
street. 8. F. • . , '
YOSEMITE!! :.
BOULDFR CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. Entirely renovated
First-class family resort. Fine hunting and
fishing. Sulphur springs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH. Prop., Boulder
Creek, Cak.- • . - >
\ ¦
TA1WP T A VTfll> Cottages, camping, flehlng-
WAfflr- 1 A I LUK 29 m ii es from S. F. ;ln the
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
.street, or address II. Q. MARTIN. Proprietor.
.WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
17 a week: camping privileges. $1 60 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK, St. Helena,
I! you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Call or write for .u
"VACATION 1901"
Th!s Is a little book Just Issued by th« Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and la
profusely Illustrated. It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts 13
Marln. Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
Besides, it contains a list cf about 200 farms
and. homes where board during tn» summer
months can b« procured at from <5 to $19 P«*
week. Ticket offices. «50 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual LJfe building. Sanscme and Cali-
fornia, streets. San Francisco. B. 3C B.TAJJ.
General Passenger Agent. H. C. wtul'lriO.
General Manager.
For the complexion. Indispensable for ths
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs. >ut not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 48 miles via C. N. Ky. or
8. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try It. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive improvements; $13
and tit. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Asua Ca-
llente. Cal.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fi=hlr.e tackle and saddle horses at mod.
erate hire: S3 per day. or ?10, $13 and $t4 v*t
week. Postofflce. telephone. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahce. Cal.
<<THF fiDftVP" -Lake Tahoe. Cal.. Vt mil«»
1 I1C UnllTC east of Tallae. Board and
lodging per week. |3l By the day. 12. Meals.
50c. Good saddle horses and the best of livery.
Bnats free to all guests. PARMKTER *
COPLAND. Proprietors.
B0ARD.FKD1T FAIM^^ftSr*drS3T.
Terms, $5; fare 80c. Box M. Redwood City.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRTNG3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
•12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New S-horae 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakepcrt or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER Ss HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTS. — New 13-pa«senger Tosemlt*
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga,
dally (Sundays except ed) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Selgler, Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets: half an hour for lunch at Callstoga:
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. KelseyviU*
and Lakeport. "WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL. Lo« Gatoa— First-class family
boarding- house: home cooking; beautiful
surroundings: 6 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
$8 to J10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
weeeF call
w It Publish** the Cream of th»
J. News or the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< .V • PAPER ON TM3
' PACIFIC COAST
3 lti« Best \ / Mining
*~J Telegraphic \/' News That
°\ Service on y\ Is Accurate
c* The Coast / ; \&upto datd
Not a Line of it Sensational
c< or Faky, and Not a Line of
cJ it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright. Clean. A Champiod •!
ThonzntluL : Truth.
qJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPE1
D ALL THE TIME.
o) IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BT
Z) home mail, si
O{ UDL5TRH5 | 4 YX4&
Enlarged to 16 Pages
DR. BALL'S RE1NYIG0RAT0RR3S2B
Five hundred reward for any L*T""3a<"1
casa we cannot cure. This secret R&ii S»||
remedy stops all losses In 21 hours. !
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- ¦ 3^1 ESSsS
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet. Fita y^k fi*¥fl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all &M LaXl
Ti-astl.nar effects ot self-abuse or fiSj E?r>B
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle- 3 lii>Sr*r*MiMi
bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure "any case Ad-
£fel et gfit.ttf gg* ""— «*<**
! A SUMMER CONVENIENCE.
O ' E^S8 - You can't afford to- be without a Sweater. '
® ' There's less danger of catching cold— besides a
©- >gPwW\ \ . k reat . savin g on your other clothes. Perhaps you
2 JLJtMy-nmtiW'W&P^ have never ' hou £ ht of that. We have a line of top-
© Egj&^mmmf- \Xjn -g3L quality, close-fitting WORSTED Sweaters that you .
Q TO^WWm Of snould see - Tlle prices won't interfere with your
a ¦ f|p m3 W buying one. The prices; MEN'S from 4? 1.25 to
© |a ?5.OO. BOYS' from Jpl.OO to $ii.5O. All sizes:
§ ' ™jfcffldB . ' BATHING SUITS.
9 • feiaM-fe^^ - W« are still selling Bathing Suits and at i the
© , |g "^ a same low prices. You should see the Roods to ap-
& ' " preciate the value. ~ ¦ ¦
g /VVEN'S. BOVS'.
A Fancy Worsted Swimming: Suits, top Fancy. "Worsted Swimming- Suits, "none-
3? quality : $2.50 flner ..."...-... »1.5O to 82. OO
"• Fancy Worsted Combination Suits, best •-" Extra Strong Bathing- Suits, cotton
© quality :......... ......". f3^5«) - :.....;.5Oc to 75«
• LADIES' and MISSES' SUITS from $1.75 to $12.00. We can
2 please the most fastidious. ' : The line is complete. ..
• >, "It pays to buy direct from the - m A^ 4Lf\ jv
S ecansuit ifife:- K N I TlITIMP Pf!
Z If you can t come write for cata- . •* » • » ' ; IV I ; I IM Uj |j y,,'
# :logues. ' : '¦ - ' ';.; . <59P e arySt.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st..
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 50c: Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts
Drug Co. '
W§*T Medicated
W& Complexion Powder
9 \ not regular features alone,
| f — ) make facial boauty. without a
V j beautiful complexion.
' <K Pozzoni'i U • (kin food; pro-
7 tectt, preterres, remorci ill
1 fclemitbei and prevent! that
J f blcjf appearance to the akin.
40**^ Contain! no lime, zinc, lead,
T arcenic or other Injurious »ab-
1 * atancei so common in cheap
\ Imitation*. Sample end
booklet free. Box 60c dr**^
•$ ¦ • J* A. PozEoni Co. g j^S^b*
or Uew York.
Jr^ '¦'~* — ,fc«.'_:._The debate on the third principle of the
order before Abraham Lincoln Council of
the Junior Order of United American
Mechanics at its last held meet
ing proved very interesting to the large
number of members of the order who
were'present. Including a large representa
tion of Grant Council, which took part in
the debate and tried to convince the
judges to its way of thinking, but to no
avail, for Lincoln carried off the honors.
The new officers will be installed on the
11th. The term of the council closes sat
isfactorily to all.
The Junior Order.
Overture; "A tittle Ragtime," Maurice
Cramer; barytone solo. "Honey. Stay in Tour
Own Back Yard." Oscar Frank; a few coon
stunts by "Bob" Mitchell; guitar and mandolin
selections, Messrs. Perrin and Delser; George
H. Ryan, monologist. talked - of his friend,
"O'Farrell. the Politician": Clarence 'Wendell,
tenor, sang the beautiful "Four-Leaf Clover,"
assisted by the Corinthian Quartet; banjo se
lections. Bohemian Banjo Quartet; a few
minutes with "Jack" Cathcart; Corinthian
Quartet, consisting of Messrs. Edward H. An
pelo, Edward F. Sagar, Walter C. Howe and
Frank W. Thompson; bass solo, "The Bells
of St. Mary," Mr. Frank W. Thompson; finale,
"In the Shadow of the Pines." Messrs. Wen
dell, Franks, Thompson, Howe, Sagar, An
gelo.
. Last week Montezuma Tribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men had a
gTand entertainment in Union Square
Hall, on which occasion the following
programme was carried out to the satis
faction of a large number of people:
Bed Men.
Mrs. L. G. Miller, supreme chief com
panion, was presented a gold watch by
her circle; in appreciation of the fact that
she had been advanced to th& head of the
order. She is preparing a list of official
visits. -
The officers of Loyal Circle will be pub
licly installed on the 10th of July.
The- rocial given by Sherwood Circle
last Wednesday night was well attended
and was greatly enjoyed. The affair was
under the mnnagement of Mrs. Charles
Hill. H. Lempser. Miss Mary Corcoran,
Miss Ella Harney and Miss Bertie Roach.
The several circles have been requested
to recommend members for deputies of
circles.
Companions of the Forest.
Advisory committee — Anna Sorensen. G. A.
D.; Frances J. Williams. G. F. B. ; Virginia
Cervelli, G. S. B. : O. Helden. G. T. ; A. Thorn
hill. P. G. A. D.: A. E. Snyder, G. T.; U.
Gosch. G. T.; Nellie J. Davis, G. T.
Jurisprudence and legislation— A. Thornhill.
P. G. A. D. ; A. E. Snyder. L» Gosch, John
Kane. D. Villalon.
Correspondence, printing and supplies— Lena
M. Husler, B. Fabbri, L A. Wolff.
Laws of subordinates— M. Godeau, Sarah A.
Gross. C. Johnson. John Hutton. J. F. Martl
noni.
Appeals and grievances— A. E. Enyder. S.
Crawford. Elise Gutzwiller, L. a. Wolff. J.
S. Godeau.
Charter end petitions— B. Fabbri, E. Dae
weritz. N. J. Davis. A. E. Irwin, J. M.
Bowers. '
Finance— A. Thornhill. P. G. A. D. ; C. John
son. Sarah A. Gross, J. F. Martinonl, J. M.
Bowers.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. A. Sorensen
has appointed the following named com
mittees of ths Grand Circle:
Credentials— Lena M. Husler M. Godeau A.
S. Hall.
The Druidesses.
A new court of the Ancient Order of
Foresters was instituted at Sonoma on
the 20th of June by High Chief Ranger
Boehm, assisted by W. F. Jones. H. C. J.
W., and A. Hesketh, D. H. C. R. Joseph
B. Small Is the chief ranger and J. H. Al
bertson financial secretary.
The executive council visited Court Oc
cidental last week and it was greeted
by a large number of the members. After
ecdresses for the good of the order by
the visitors there was served up a colla
tion such as this court knows how to
fc^rve.
Court Violet will have a social on the
J2th of July In the Foresters* building.
The executive council met last night
ard divided the State into districts for
the purpose of making official visitations.
Ihe visitations will be to all courts with
in a circuit of San Francisco during the
month of July.
Ancient Order Foresters.
The two local lodges of the 'United Mod
erns are doing considerable work, receiv
ing petitions and initiating at each meet
ing. California Is at work to introduce at
tractive features to draw membership to
the lodgeroom. and San Francisco is ar
rar.ging for boom meetings.
The Grand Lodge of the order will meet
in Los Angeles on the 13th of Julj\ '
United Moderns.
The entertainment that was given by
Se\en Pines Circle of the Ladies of the
Grand Army in celebration of its anni
versary was attended by an audience that
crowded Pioneer Hall to its limits. The
numbers were by ,Miss Lois Walker. Miss
Baerd, Miss Bessie Harvey, Professor Ap
p!eby, Mrs. Goodrich and Master Melville
Calish. Dancing was In order after the
programme. There was on exhibition a
beautiful crazy quilt made by Mrs. A. J.
Budd, a member of the circle. It has
many nieces in it that are historic. It
will" be disposed of for the purpose of
creating the beginning of a fund with
which to procure a home for the wives
and female relatives of old soldiers who
fire no longer able to provide for them
selves or families.
Seven Pines Circle.
Native Sons of the Golden West
A new parlor will soon be instituted at
Middieton by District President W. J.
Wynn.
Reports from Point Arena show that
the parlor located there has been doing
remarkably well recently.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of California Council of the
Daughters of Liberty for the current
term: Lizzie Ccntus. C: Hattie Renner.
A. C; MinnJe Sproul. V. C; Jennie Ad
ams. A. V. C; Emily Lewis, Jr. Ex. C;
Margaret Thomas, Jr. Ex. A. C; Laura
Cantus. R. S.; Ruby Hamberger, A. R. S.;
Anne Hamberger. T. ; Christine Jorgensen,
F\ S.; Carrie Ewingr. C; Carrie Sproul, I.
G.; R. Atkinson, O. G.; Isabelle Beach,
Grace "Walsh and W. W. Thompson, trus
tees. The good of the order committee
has arranged o trip for members to the
top of Mount Tamalpais. leaving at 9
o'clock on the night of the 27th inst. On
last Friday night the members of this
council paid a fraternal visit to America
Council, in Oakland. This last named
oouncil is doing well, having had several
initiations since its recent institution.
Daughters of Liberty.
short poem by. herself , illustrating an in
cident of Spionkop. An invisible chorus
and the sound of musketry added much to
the effect. She was recalled and. recited
"Agnes.- I ' Love Thee," with fine effect.
The evening closed with dancing.
Britannia Lodge -No. : 7 gave an enter
tainment last week that was attended by
a large number of the members and many
of their friends who were treated to a very
pleasant evening's divertisement. There
v ere many interesting numbers that were
presented by Deborah Poulson. Miss Eva
Beard, Helen Armsberg, M. Keane, Mrs.
L. Chalmers, Flossie Beauford and Cap
tain Seeley, . commanding the ¦ British
American Corps. After the programme
there 1 • was dancing until midnight. The
function. was under the direction of Mes
dames L. D. Staples. R. Hewitt, R. Goss,
R. Meadows, J. Creba. Flossie Beauford,
Bail, Sundon and L. Chalmers.
Sons of St. George.
On the 24th of last April Burnaby
Lodge, through a committee consisting of
President Martin, Secretary. Avery and
Messrs. Barry* Jacks ; and Williamson,
prepared a memorial address to his Maj
esty King Edward VII, asking that the
24th of May be proclaimed throughout the
British empire as "Victoria day and that
it be kept as a national holiday In mem
ory of the late Queen. A few days since
the lodge received a letter „ from Lord
Lansdowne acknowledging, by' the King's
command, the receipt of the memorial.
The petitioners urged that as the Ameri
can people keep as a national holiday the
anniversary of the birth of Washington,
tha father of his country, the British peo
ple should keep as a holiday the anniver
sary of the birth of Queen Victoria, "the
mother of 'tier people."
In the latter part of June, Burnaby
Lodge gave an old time English smoker'
in the Shiels building, for the benefit of
its members who were affected by the
strike.- There was a good attendance anrl
under the direction of Messrs. William
son, Harmon, Lawson, Pointon f and Witts
there was presented an interesting pro
gramme of music and recitations. A
pleasing feature* of the evening was the
presentation of a past presidents' badge
and' certificate to Junior Past President
A. W.' Martin, by Mr. Trebell, on behalf
of the lodge. Mr. Taylor entertained with
a number of moving pictures. The even
ing closed with "Auld Lang Syne."
The National Union.
On the last Friday in 1 June the members
of the San Francisco Cabinet paid an of
ficial visit to Yosemlte Council, when
there were addresses by President Bunt
ing, Senator J. W. Cuthbert, Laurance
Vincent, Joseph Wilson and W. A. S.
Nicholson. The work of the evening was
followed by a game of progressive whist.
This'.councll has been doing ¦well of late
and'now has sixty-two members.'
California Council has, taken quarters In
the Pioneer building, and was to have
held its meeting in rooms specially fitted
up for it on the upper floor, but they
were not ready, so the meeting had to be
held in the assembly hall of that build
ing. There were more than eighty pres
ent, and after routine business Speaker
Joseph A. Wilson entertained all with an
Interesting programme, consisting of vocal
selections, by Friends Ker, Purdy. Now
lan and the quartet of the council; auto
harp belectlons by Mr. Glnoche, and a
patriotic address by W. A. S. Nicholson,
the president of the council.
The twentieth entertainment of the
National Union ' Social and Literary
Club will be given in Odd Fellows' Hall
on the evening of next Wednesday. A
programme of unusual excellence will be
pf>fc anted, and it will close with a farce
entitled "Taming a Tiger."
Knights of the Maccabees.
At the review of Golden West Tent last
week one candidate was obligated and
several applications were received. Sir
Knight Kelly, representing the Maccabee
Social Club, reported that there will be a
Maccabee Club excursion on the 30th inst.
on the General Frisbie to Vallejo, Benicia
and Mare Island, and that the profits of
the trip will go to the- fund of Golden
West Tent. The presentation of the re
port of the committee on new ritual pro
voked a spirited debate, In which Sir
Knights D. B. Bowley, G. L. Morgan,
Knight and McCord took part.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Fraternal Hive, which has been doing
a great deal of good work lately . in the
way of securing new members, has de
cided to give another of its pleasant so
cials in August. Past Commander Mrs.
Ida J. Leroi left last week for Los
Angeles, where she will be the guest of
Lady Sophia Keym of Los Angeles Hive
for a few. weeks.
Woodmen of the World.
The social that was given by Western
Addition" Camp of the Woodmen of the
World on the last Saturday in June, was
a great success, and it was attended by a
large number of members of the order
and their friends.
To-morrow night Golden Gate Camp will
have thirty candidates to initiate in addi
tion" to an important business meeting.
The first public installation of. the of
ficers of California Camp will be held in
Pioneer Hall next Tuesday .' night, on
which occasion the new officers will be
presented with a set of badges donated
by Golden Gate Camp. That will be fol
lowed by an excellent programme of en
tertainment, under direction of Joseph A.
Wilson. P. C. C, who will be ably as
sisted by Prince Vincent. This camp is
only three months old, has 115 members, a
large number of certificates to be taken
up and twenty applications on hand.
. Another case of abuse of power In Africa
Is -to be tried at Boma, Congo Free State.
An agent of the State Is accused of mur
dering his "boy," as the native servants
are called. The "boy" is said to have
climbed a tree to catch parrots, and, not
coming down as quickly as his master
wished, the latter is alleged to have shot
him down with his gun, killing him In
stantly. ¦ ,
The entertainment and ball, that was
given in Red Men's Hall by. Empress Vic
toria Lodge , ¦•; of the Daughters of St
George was a delightful affair that was
marked for the ¦ excellence' of. the pro
gramme presented under the direction of
Mrs. A. P. Williams, W. P., assisted by
Mrs. Nellie Stickney, V. , P. . and ' Mrs. E.
Witts, W. P. P- The several numbers, all
entertaining, were well received', and • the
contributors.' Thomas P.^Nowlan,- Miss
Peterson, Miss Irene Silvey, Mr. Barber,
Miss. Lottie i Bennett, f Mrs. Simpson, Mr.
Jeffries and* Mr. Harrison.- The feature
of the evening was the recitations by Mrs.
Simpson.' "Christmas, in the Workhouse'.'
was given in a manner that was a pleas
ant surprise to the audience. She. was re
called to the platform i and i recited the
"Sons °* the Camp;" a vividly descriptive
Daughters of St. George.
President Jeff Packard of Bakersfleld
Aerie was in this city last week and re
ports his organization , in a flourishing
condition. . ¦-. i
Sacramento Aerie Is preparing for Its
annual outing. • ¦
Golden Gate Aerie has moved Into new
quarters in the Alcazar building, which
have been renovated and made very com
fortable for the largely increasing mem
bership. The first meeting in the new hall
was - held last week and there was
a large attendance, including visitors from
Spokane, El Paso and Houston, Tex. The
large eagles recently presented to this
aerie have been arranged, one suspended
over each station. The aerie on that night
initiated three strangers and I received
eight applications. ¦ A committee was ap
pointed to arrange for a fraternal visit to
San Francisco Aerie during July. After
the business of the evening there was a
short but interesting programme of enter
tainment. -
Eureka Aerie, which now has a mem
bership of nearly 200, will hold a patriotic
celebration July 4.
The last held meeting of San Francisco
Aerie was a most enjoyable one and was
ably presided over by that . sterling offi
cer, Worthy President Oscar Hocks. Un
der good of the order Past President
Lindsay was the guiding spirit in present
ing the entertainment. Morris gave a
whistling solo, Trustee T. J. Clancy, Vice
President C. G. Nagle and Judge C. W.
Schell talked interestingly and | James J.
Sllvey told stories. Edward C. Wagner,
D. .D. G. P., a charter member of the
aerie, shows by his regular attendance
that his interest in the order has not
failed: . Frank Dunn, chairman of the pic
nic committee, has gone to Paso Robles,
J. J. O'Keefe is on a Bummer vacation
and Louis Traung has gone to New York.
While East they will try to obtain point
ers from the aeries there. Past President
Herget and D. Leddy are rusticating in
the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Fraternal Eagles.
Thirty delegates from California to the
Grand Lodge, that is to meet in Milwau
kee on the 23d of July, are making ar
rangements for departure in style. The
delegation has secured two Pullman cars
on the" Santa Fe and will be accompanied
by a band. The delegates will all wear
tan-colored suits, with silk shirt and
purple tie. They will carry away 2000 Cal
ifornia souvenir badges.
- The entertainment recently given in aid
of San Francisco Lodge No. 3 netted $1900.
Arrangements are being made for an en
tertainment In celebration of the fourth
anniversary of the institution of the
lodge. The committee on new site for a
home will report at the last meeting In
July on one of two sites that have been
offered. This lodge now has 430 members,
fifteen strangers elected but not yet ini
tiated and ten applications which are be
ing considered; It has $12,000 in its treas
ury.
The Elks.
Mrs. M. J. Langford of Occident Parlor,
Eureka; Mary Troila of Santa Cruz and
the Misses Fannie and Bernice Morey of
Watsonville are guests at the Native
Daughters' Home.
The. banquet that was recently tendered
to Mrs. Genevleve Baker," grand president,
by her parlor, Buen_a Vista, was planned
to be only for the members and officers
of the parlor to show one of its members
who had been elevated to the highest of
fice in the order how. much she was
thought of. It was for that reason that
no other grand officers or other members
of the order were, present. The affair
was well gotten up and the styles dis
played in the costumes worn by many of
the ladies were grand. ; The honored guest
of the evening was attired In a beautiful
cream colored silk gown in which she ap
peared quite majestic.
Last week _the members of Darina
Parlor gave a banquet in Franklin
Hall in honor of Genevieve Carroll, Han
nah Bailey and Frances Edwards, its
delegates to the Grand Parlor. The tables
were neatly arranged and decorated with
beautiful flowers and the walls were hung
with garlands of evergreens. . A dainty
supper was served and after the dessert
Miss Lillle Hamilton, .toastmistress, called
upon a number to respond to toasts. Mrs.
Emma Ralph responded to "Our Parlor,"
Mrs. Minnie Kallock, D. D. G. P., to "Our
Pioneer Mothers," and Genevieve Car
roll to "Our Grand Officers." To that
response there was a short address! by
Miss Laura J-.Frakes. grand secretary.
Mrs. Langfeldt responded to "The Past
Grand Officers," Dr. Florence Amy Tem
plfe made a few remarks and Ernest C.
Stock responded to "The Prosperity of
Darina, the Parlor of Beautiful -Girls of
the Western Addition." The regrets of
Mrs. Baker, grand president; Eliza D.
Keith, grand vice" president; Julia A.
Steinbach and Grand Trustee Mrs. Emma
Thierbach were presented. Absence from
the city, business engagements and being
In mourning were the excuses for not par
ticipating in the festivities. The grand
president was honored by the members
all rising when her name was mentioned.
After the supper there was dancing:..'
The Native Daughters.
Jubiiee Rebekah Lodge opened a coun
trv fair In the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows' building June 25 that v/as
attended by a large number of peo
ple, who enjoyed the various features of
the entertainment as well as the dancing.
The performance by the children was the
feature of the evening-. The following
named had charge oKthe several booths*
Varieties (juvenile performances), Mrs.
Minnie F. Dobbin; fortune telling, Mrs.
Bramstedt; postofflce, Beaudie L. Hass, M
D.; fish pond, Mrs. 'Monroe: freak of na
ture (two-legged kitten). Mrs. Currier;
ice cream, Mrs. Gress; lemonade, Mrs.
Gunsales, and flowers, Ethel Burnell.
'Floy C. Urquhart and her staff of offi
cers, with Lillian B. Holcomb as marshal,
installed the officers of Loyal Rebekah
Lodge last Monday night In a very ac
ceptable manner. At the conclusion of
this ceremonies Mollie E. McCollister on
behalf of the lodge presented Fannie Dan
iels, the retiring noble grand, a beau
tifully embroidered collar of her rank in
the order, after which Mrs. E. M. Cyrus
on behalf of the lodge presented a magni
ficent jewel to Emma I* Brauer, the re
tiring junior past grand, and then II. F.
Wright, also on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented an elegant office chair to W. E.
McCollister. the drillmaster of the lodge,
in appreciation of services rendered.
The proceedings of the California As
sembly have been distributed by Mrs.
Donoho, the secretary. It is a book of 213
pages and is one of the most complete
records ever issued. It is illustrated with
excellent half-tones of prominent mem
bers of the order, and contains a vast
amount of matter of the utmost interest
to the members. It reflects great credit
en the secretary, who compiled It.
California Lodge of the Rebekahs cele
brated the thirty-first anniversary of the
institution of the lodge on the last Satur
day in June. There was a pleasant even
ing of addresses appropriate to the occa
sion, music and songs, after which there
was a banquet at wnich the members of
Bay City Lodge and Alma Isabel Jensen,
warden of the California Assembly; Mary
E. Donoho, secretary of the assembly;
Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, P. D. D. P., and her
staff were special guests.
"The Spinsters' Fortnightly Club, or
Old Maids Made OveV," presented by
Loyal Rebekah Lodge on the last Friday
in June, was a side-splitting farce, which
was exceedingly well received by the very
enthusiastic audience,, who gave continued
applause to the singers and those who got
oit good hits at the expense of members
of the order. After the J club had ad
journed "Professor Maykovcr" appeared
and introduced his wonderful invention
by .which old maids who did not prevari
cate as to age were transformed into
young and beautiful girls with an aptitude
for fancy dancing and singing. One who
sought to deceive the professor as to her
age was converted -into a darky, which
frightened ali the other old maids, who
took a hurried departure from the room.
Dancing followed the programme.
Assembly,' has gone into the country for a
two v/esks' vacation. . -• ;"..--•-.»
k. — : —^ URING the last days of June
/7^T\\ Special Deputy Walter Mal
[IA ]1 loy visited Benicia Lodge at
\7j JJ Benicia on the occasion of an
S~~^^r open meeting, which was at-
' ' tended by a large number of
the people of that place. Ma
sonic Hall, in which the' meeting was
held, was crowded to its. utmost, and
among those who were present was a
large delegation from Vallejo Lodge. The
special deputy delivered a very interest
ing and convincing address on the bene
fits of belonging, to the order, and he was
followed by Rev. I. Dawson, a member cf
the order, who spoke in high terms of it
from his personal knowledge. Then fol
lowed a programme of music and song
by Blanche Simpson, Mrs. F. M. Thomp
son, Mrs. O. G. Trautz, A. S. Parritt, Mis3
Edna Johnson and G. Glass. The deputy
also favored with a recitation. Dancing
closed, the evening's entertainment, which
was under. the direction uf J. Binnington,
M. \V.; Charles Sttv.-art, R. and R., and
O. A. King, Fin.
The same deputy also paid a visit to
Industry Lodge at Pleasanton, \ where
there _ was also an open, meeting," which
v/as attended by many of the residents
of the place and vicinity. The opening
address was by J. R. 'Palmer, who was
followed by Grand Overseer Dr. Brown
ing, who delivered a fine address on th<3
comparative growth of the order, illus
trating it witn charts specially prepared
for the occasion. Then followed a very
entertaining programme contributed by
Mrs. Dakin, Miss Hardin. Miss F. Lyster,
Mrs. Haller, Walter Malloy, S. D. D. G.
M. W.; District Deputy Trowbridge of
Haywards Lodge. Miss Eva Rhodes and
Mrs. Downey. Then followed dancing un
til 1 in the morning. These two meetings
aroused a great iteal of enthusiasm for
the order, and as both lodges are com
posed of active workers they will no
doubt take advantage of the enthusiasm
to increase the membership of each.
District Deputy J. T. Kldd will install
the officers of Friendship Lodge on the
24th inst., when there will be a presenta
tion to John T. Blake, the retiring mas
ter workman. The San Francisco exten
sion committee will visit that night. The
affair will be under -the supervision of
Past Masters B. Sherry. F. J. Maguire,
J. J. Wall, P. F. Shuler, P. W. Postel and
H. McCracken, the master-elect.
Memorial Lodge has arranged for the
installation of its officers, entertainment
by the grand officers, "something to eat,
something to drink (light refreshments)
and something to smoke" to-morrcr.v
night.
Last Monday night District Deputy
Kidd installed the. officers of Magnolia
Lodge in the presence of a very large
number of members and visitors. The
station of each officer was covered with
fragrant magnolias and the American flag
¦was in evidence. After the ceremony
there was a good programme of songs,
recitations and short talks by members
of the lodge and by visitors. The talks
were by Grand Recorder Spencer, Special
Deputy Walter Malloy, several of the dis
trict deputies. Major Blackman, president
of the Past Masters' Association; United
States Surveyor General Gleaves and
others. M. H. Besson, the retiring master
workman, was presented by the lodge a
valuable gold watch in recognition of his
services during the eighteen months he
was in the chairs that led up to that of
past master.
Last. Wednesday District Deputy J.
Meyers Installed the officers of San Fran
cisco Lodge, after which there was an
hour of speaking under good of the order.
The Eastern Star.
Seventy members of California Chapter
of the Order of the Eastern Star attend
ed the outing of the past masters. Free
and Accepted Masons, recently. Of these
the following named were, prize winners:
Captain G. W. Wlttman, Emily Lindsay,
Jane McLaughlin, Celia Harmon, Mrs. P.
F. Ferguson. Minnie Stebbins, Sarah Mc-
Laughlin, Maude Burns, Alma Harder
and Hattie Ferguson. In addition to these
there were present at the lunch served
under the trees the following members of
the chapter: John and Mrs. Tonningsen,'
A. K. and Mrs. Coney. James and Mrs.
Boyes, Thomas P. and Mrs. Burns, Ham
ilton and Mrs. Elliott. J. G. and Mrs. Lei
bold, George B. and Mrs. Ferguson, Ed
gar and Mrs. Badlam, Peter and Mrs.
Harder, Ralph and Mrs. Hathorn, Armour
and Mrs. McLaughlin, Dr. and Mrs. von
Wefelsburg, Judge C. G. and Mrs. Groez
inger, Captain Alexander and Mrs. Wood
side, Misses Edith Boyes, Carrie Feld
man, Leontine von Wfelsburg, Alice,
Laura and Anita Ferguson, Kathryn Ker
rigan. Helen Kitchner, Dotie Woodslde,
Jennie Woodside, Mrs. G. W. Wittman,
Mrs. E. Bauer, Mrs. Mayhew, Mrs. Clara
Schaefer, Professor S. Adelstein, Herbert
C. Porter, Theodore Fleshtand, C. O.
Johnson, William von Husen, M. Lindsay
Howard and Frank Ferguson.
Notwithstanding that this is the season
when many members of the order are out
of 'the city, there was a good attendance
at the session of Olive Branch Chapter
last week, and a pleasant evening was
spent.
Golden Gate Chapter had a pleasant
evening at its last held session, umii
which there was work to keep the officers
occupied for some time.
There was an unusually large meeting
of Beulah Chapter members last week
In South San Francisco Masonic
Hall. There was but one visitor present.
After the business of the evening there
was a dance and a light collation.
' Harmony Chapter at its last held meet
ing electefl ten eligibles and ' received
seven petitions. This chapter is very ac
tive taking in petitions and. members at
every meeting, and those who are admit
ted are prominent in San Francisco soci
ety. There were many strangers present
at the meeting, who, after the close of the
chapter, enjoyed the hospitality of the
organization at a banquet.
The Odd Fellows.
Past Grand Thomas P. Jarvis, employed
at the Union Iron Works, on the day of
the launching of the Ohio secured for the
grand officers a station from which to
view the launching of the battleship. The
officers, appreciating his efforts in that
line, last week presented him at the meet-
Ing of his lodge, Cosmopolitan, a set of
handsomely engrossed resolutions thank
ing him for what he did for them on that
occasion.
Howard W. Nowell, a very active and
courteous Odd Fellow, has been appointed
superintendent of Odd Fellows' Assembly
Hall, vlce<A. J. Williston, resigned.
C. A. Mason, a prominent Odd Fellow,
an old pioneer and the first vice grand of
Capitol Lodge of Sacramento, Is danger
ously ill.
District Deputy Frank Smith has In
stalled the following officers ¦ of Golden
Gate Lodge: F. C. Evans, N. G.; J. H.
Rosenberg, V. G.; C. R. McLaughlin, R.
S.; W. H. Leitch, T.; T. W. Taylor, W.;
W T. Webb, C; S. M. Gruman, O. G.,
and D. C. Talbot, I. W. At a banquet
which followed I. E. Jarrett, on behalf of
the lodge, presented Dr. W. A. Harvey
a beautiful diamond set locket- in
appreciation of meritorious service while
In the chair of noble grand.
The last of the socials under the au
spices of the board of officers of Fidelity
Lodge previous to retirement for the term
was given last Monday night and there
was present a very large audience, which
greatly enjoyed the programme that was
presented and which was made up of vocal
and instrumental music and recitations,
contributed by the Misses Spink. Messrs.
Hunt, Gunn and Eckernroth, Miss A. S.
Hopps, Mrs. W. A. Rainey, Mrs. Tillie
and A. F. McPhee and the Misses Baker.
The committee in charge was H. "W. Os
thoff, William Baker and A. W. Mc-
Phee Sr.
The Rebekahs.
The new officers of Jubilee Lod«;e, Mrs.
A. Gress, IS. G.; Mollie Monroe, V. G.; D.
Happ, S.; F. Kalusky, T.; Christine An
derson, C.J Lizzie O'Neill, W., and Minnie
F. Bobbin, C. were installed last Tuesday
by District Deputy President Mrs.
Urquart and staff, after which a beauti
ful collar was presented to the retiring
noble grand, Mrs. Clara Gunsaules.
After the installation of the officers of
Oriental Rebekah, Lodge last Thursday
night there was the presentation of a
very fine Jewel to Mrs.. Allie Parker, re
tiring past noble grand; a collar to Miss
Mattie Webb, retiring noble grand: a
handsome gavel to Mrs. H. E. Beckley,
the new noble grand; a gold nugget pin
by Grand Master Nicholls to Mrs. Lena
Jarvis in recognition of services ., of j her
husband in securing for the grand officers
a good place to see the | launching- of the
battleship - Ohio, and - flowers . to the new
officers. Tie ceremonies were followed by
a dance.
i Mrs. Donoho, secretary of the California
THE FRATERNITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY .-7,, 1901.
27
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencinp TO-DAY-SUNDAY MAT-
INEE^ July 7.
SOME OF VAUDEVILLE'S BEST.
ARRAS AND ALICE
Europe's Famous Novelty ! Equilibrists.
GILBERT AND GOLDIE
Vaudeville's Most Versatile Comedians.
irvingTones
The" Monologist Who Has "Written Some Famous
Songs. . , ..;f,
clayton~white/
MARIE STUART AND CO.
Presenting^ "Geraldine," a Sequel to "Dickey."
The PROSPER TROUPE
The Premier Acrobats of Two Worlds.
BIMM, BOMM, BRRR,
Novelty Musical Clowns.
LA MOYNE BROTHERS
Comedy Horizontal Bar Artists.
The Great American Biograph
• With New and Interesting Views.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
EMILY LYTTON,
CHAS. BOWSER AND CO.
Presenting Will M. Cressy's New Sketch.
"Next."
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, • 10c. any part except " reserved. A few
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
of Balcony reserved. 25c.
MATINEE TO-DAY, TO-NIGHT.
Special Engagement of the Great Favorite,
JAMES M. BROPHY.
To-Jilght— Last time, Frank Mayo's Great Play
DAVY CROCKETT.
PRICES Mllfn^v.v^^:..^:.^; & c ; 8.
To-morrow evenine-^JAMES M. BROPHY, In
William Gillette's Great ..War Play.
HELD by the ENEMY
fiRAND OPERA-HOUSE
• ,— , MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT OF
"THE ONLY WAY."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING.
The T. DANIEL FRAWLEY COMPANY In
William Gillette's Famous War Drama, "
"SECRET SERVICE"
The Greatest American Play Ever Written.
A Wonderful Cast, Including T. Daniel Fraw-
ley, Mary Van Buren, E. J. Morgan
. and Theodore Roberta. /
Earns Prices— 10c, 13c, 25c, BOc. 7!c. /
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees. 25a. .
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
LAST NIGHT.
PLORENCB ROBERTS
SAPHO.
TO-MORROW, MONDAY,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
FIRST TIME AS LADY TEAZLE - IN
THE SCHOOL :
I FOR SCANDAL.
- - Beats on Sals Six Days In Advance,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEUPICTDE'S MISSION. '
New Remedy That Destroys th«
Dandruff Germs.
Nothingr is more annoying to men or
women of middle age when they notice
that their hair Is growing thinner, when
they must admit that the- first Indications
of baldheadedness have commenced to ap-
pear. Many would give a thousand dollars
andmore for a remedy with which to pre-
serve . their natural headdress. However,
they don't need to; Newbro's Herplcide
removes the effect of dandruff by destroy-
ing the. cause, the only dandruff cure that
actually destroys the dandruff germ.
HOTEL**
¦ Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at thesa hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
. be obtained elsewhtr*. DesirabU Iocs,
tlon, courteous attaches and unequal ed
cuisine. American and European plans.
«>GRANI)^HpTEL>»
AMUSEMENTS.
GHUTES.AND ZOO
big Vaudeville bill
Including
SPENSER .KELLY. • FLATT - & SUTHER-
LAND. THE. LA MONTS, MEMPHIS KEN-
NEDY, -'aBONSEN & CHOATE, . HOFFER
• a"hoffer. ¦¦•'¦'•' • s" '
COMIC MOVING PICTURES.
AMATEUR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
«-.'..,. Telephone ¦ for Beats— Park 23. , ";'jj ¦ • '
AivrpsEarENTS.
Monday, Jnly 8 -Secbn i Week.
The Brilliant Midsummer Show.
1 W THR "
1 ' Il> I 1 1 C ii
it
',', Written by FERRIS HART.MAN. J
The Latest in Wit and in Son£ !
Th«/B.-lfthtest of Timely Topics I
A Cast that is Clever and S iron ft t
And Scenes from ths Poles to the
Tropics t
JUST THE SHOW FOR THB HEATED
TERM.
YOU DON'T HAV5 TO THINK-
JUST ENJOY YOURSELVES.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2. :
POPULAR PRICES-25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
f*m I!RI!i£!$i SMF-Mciscra
If y LUmJBIA iHMoraiK
Beginning TO-MORROW!
3d Week of the Sensational
1A/ONDER SHO1A/I
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
MIGHTY MELODRAMA!
Five Acts, Nine Scenes, Over 100 People 1 • •
Presented Under Arrangement "Wltlx '"
DAVID BELASCO.
The Play Founded by Paul JX. Potter oa
Ouida's Romantic Masterpiece,
wssm' UNDER
ANNALS . -
OF TH1« \^
CITY SUCH ££mi
CONTINUOUS . _^ il
crowds i p ¥ ik r>
NEVER SUCH *¦ *-A^^V*X5
ENTHU8I\STIC Wllh
ADVANCE D1 .
sales! Blanche
ENORMOUS BATES
DBMAIND * A
¦POlPi i H I E Y SOXTVENIK MAT1-
F1NAL NEB NEXT SATUR.
MuHTS DAT!
DRAWING Presentation ttt Inter-
INtAB * . estlngr Personal Sou-
Evcry Evening venlrs of
Excepting: Sundays MISS BATES to
¦iSturdS. Only! Entlre Audience!
A k
\mJBmiM iwl 1 I Ad con. ma<»oi
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
THB CITY,
LESTER~~REEVES,
The Eminent Barytone. : ;»?
IONE
Zn Poses Plastlques, Artistic and Elegant
ETHEL BARLOW,
The Girl "Whose Beauty "VCoh Her $10,CCO.
MABEL HUDSON,
The "Always Popular" Slnglnar Soubrstte.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR . NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnriHD Admission IO=.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. G. S. WANREL7.,
Oliver Car3on, Al Hazard. Viola Vignette.
Wren and Lynton. Kelcey Sisters, Wilson and
Black.
Resyved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENINIGHTS.
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. n.
- Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m,
"" ' ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, Including admission^ 25c. Ch^Idrea,, «Jc^
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
WASTING, %^kM% IP® PPyi You SIee P^
STRICTURED I W 1 '^^S i IN 15 DAYS!
19,846-CURES LAST^TEAR— 19,846
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture Is Dissolved Like Snow Beneath
the Sun-IN FIFTEEN PAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment Applied
Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
¦ — ¦ — We answer the ques- 1 STOMACH. 'The St. James treatment la local.
— ¦^^B^-w. tlons briefly. If you cut direct. and positive. . *
&3ST^~P«t an artery In your arm The St. James treatment is prepared In the
/ £2* Vphm you do not take Inter- form of crayons, very narrow, smooth, flexible
I naJ m eaictae to etop and wholly soluble, which are Inserted Into the
/_ (\*5&SV* the flo ' sr °' b:o::><1 - TOU water passaRe at night, where they dissolve
J^ti S&9*«!zii X:SK I -^C:AL. APPLT- and deposit the medication in Its full strength
/ ¦T: iUJ^rittM CATION'S. Similarly upC n the Prostate Gland, contracting and
SrX «33E-*'*iK/ when the wrethra ducts strengthening the ducts and FOREVER STOP-
fO iS'l> y^ s £r become weakeaed and pixg DRAINS AXD EMISSION'S, and curing
1^ *S r JL ' relaxed It is ridiculous while tbe patient sleeps.
Vmipj^' t<> take Internal treat- -¦ ' ¦— __• • _ _ . — .
ment, which must pass VARICOCELE. - V •' ,
"~7T^Z7TZ^T77T^ac^M^ S e h Beat e or S dlMase! Varlcocrie is an accumulation of slurjlsh
w£ se"4f '^t tatS the ur^S blood In the veins of the scrotum, due solely to
me tOTi.ii olcii V>_r,V(«iti. Gland and *r* imperfect circulation, and has its origin in a
2Sl r^c+Sd bv VocSS^TREATMENT. diseased and torpid Prostate Gland. Operations
\H rSter^s "Gi^-Solvent'^olufcirbousles »n this disease are only temporary, and no me-
T.-«u\«!^n/ «!r«T M d "o^rer rraOT* chanical device yet discovered has cured a sln-
T.-ilI filssoUe. i! f«^J a " ! L* c -- | I e L relC0 e le case. Gran-Solvent heals the Prostate and
STRICTURE restores healthy circulation. Varlcocele dlsap-
In IS iay*. •without pain. Injury or lnconvenl- pears and the sluggish accumulaUon is replaced
<-nee. The bousies are Inserted at nlsht and by pure, healthy red blood.
ect while you sleep- "Gran-Solvent* removes Thousands of men strictured. weak, wasting:
tvery ryrr.ptcm of 'etrfcture, leaving the canal and despondent were cured and restored by the
ex heafthv as when nature formed it. JCO St. James method last ye«r. A vast army of
BF.rTiL. CtTTTIXG OR DILATING. XO IN- men in whom the lUht of life, has penetrated
J ACTION'S TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRAXK. the fearful nightmare of stricture and seminal
ICO fXTEBSSSId DRUGGING TO KUHC THE decay.
HOME TREATMENT By M»a Can B« Us«d by th» P»ti«rt •• Succ««Mly as By Oureetv*.
f riare will not permit a complete description of the incomparable St. James treatment in Urs-
thral Diseases. Ev»ry sufferer from Stricture, and' the offspring, - — _-^ - , - ,
I'rostattUt and Seminal Weakness, *hond write to the St. James As- L> LM ¦— • ¦— <
Fociatlon, 250 St. Janscs Building. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their illus- ¦ l\ I. I,
trated work showinK th» parts of the huroan system involved in Ure-
thral Ailments, which they eend to male applicants, securely wrapped
in plain package, prepaid.
Irnrr TDCATICE PnilDflM C" 1 o ut thls coupon and mall It to the St. James As- B
rntt intAllot bUUrUlf soclatlon with your name and address plainly writ- Bj
ten when thev will eend i'<ju a copy of their exhaustive treatise accurately Illustrated H
in half-tone, showing the parts of the ms-le system involved in Urethral Ailments. M
C*l iiiic; tCCnrilTIflV 25O*5t. -lames Building, ' i W
31. JAHc3 Ab500i41lU?(, Cincinnati, o. ri.r.JM ¦
Please send to m: c copy of your Complete Illustrated Vork upon the Ej
Ma 1 c Sexual System, sc Name • > i
curdy sealed, PREPAID, •—— : — ¦ : " * B
FREE of ALL CHARGES Address * g
CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FREE.
ST. JAMES ASSN^ 250 ST. JAMES BLDG., CINCINNATI, 0.
Jr V' ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
A .x-x-x-s-i-i-x-fr'S-x— I^~^•^•!-^^^^^¦^I^•I-I^^x~^^^ ; x^•v^^^^:^H~:^^x^x•^^»^ c
I Dry Goods -^^^gS 'Company, j
! CUmiffDEFT. I
I Midsummer Reduction Sale 1
I SIX GREAT LINES. |
t (i) 3OO pairs NOTTINGHAM CTTBTAINS, regular value A I ft A t
V $150 pair; special at %. j 1 1 1 1 .>
V (2) 250 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in handsome gft 6 Ff% X
51 real lace effects; regular \-alue $i-75 and $2.00 pair. Spc- f I *^jjl T
•r cial closing price (yi'Uw X
t (3) l8 5 P airs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, a broken assort- # i 7 T %
V ment at the regular prices. $2.25 and $2.50 a pair; ; spe- \ I lh 4-
JL cial to force out at Ui'lU |
7 f (4) 150 pairs RUFFLED MUSLIN CURTAINS, with in- A I f\ ft T
sertion and fancy edged ruffles, regular value $2.50 and I %| 1 1 T
'• $2-75 pair; special clearing price • l»? B (V \» 3.
X (5) P a^ rs — A handsome line in oriental ef- fa f| flf\ ?
JL fects (delayed in delivery) ordered to be sold at the reg- \ 4 1 J *
¦*• ular price of $4.50: special marked down price for a pair vviJU J
X (6) 55 pairs POB.TIZRES — A broken assortment of portieres gl B f" f% JI
« at the regular value of $6.50 and $6.75; special to clear \/|_ nil •?
out(apair) #TjUUi
2 1 I
t CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, t
':'. SE. Corner Geary and StoeVton Streets, San Francisco. : f
j; uisiorn s<pu«.re. - £
MAIL ORDERS OR ORDERS BY EXPRESS PROMPTLY FORWARDED.
Sl-I-I-I-I-I-: -I I I :
, r . ADVERTISEMENTS,,, .
• •H-i ¦: ;-m-: :¦¦;¦ r ."i .m..m..;..:»H"M ¦i-i-h-i-M"!-!";";-'!' ; h ¦i-H":-;":-!-!-:-:-!-!-!
t uULDfcn llAifc
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
J PREPARING FOR FALL 1901.
X. ' - '^'^' : -
| July Bargains.
jr Anticipating an unusual early Fall Trade, we have decided
-f to mark our latest Spring and Summer garments at
I Nominal Prices.
| What we Mean by Bargains,
f Competition Impossible.
'il $12.50 Suits for $4.95. $12.50 Ragians for $6.95
** All-Wool Cheviot and Venetian Imported Melton Cloth Raglans,
.. Tailor Suits, newest Eton effect, newest cut velvet collar, large
1^" jacket and skirt handsomely pearl buttons, a FASHION-
T trimmed, cut to the nominal price ABLE GARMENT, cut to
? of $4.05 .$6.95
I $25 Novelty Suits for $14.95. $5.00 Jackets for SI.25
X Elegantly Trimmed Camel's Hair Pure Wool Gray Bolero Jackets,
4» Tajlor Suits, jacket taffeta silk new Bishop sleeves, perfect fit-
i lined, new flounce skirt lined ting; cut to the nominal price of
X with silk moreen, cut to $14.95 | \ $1.25
T $20.00 Tailored Suits cut to $2.00 Black Cheviot Capes, 27
T. i ..$12.4:5 inches long, cut to 65c
T l»i O FlS r^tc k C «sa O t USa «*~ Novelty Capes cut «o ?1.4 B
I'. $16.50 Raglans cut to.. $8.95 $5.00 Silk Waists cut to.... $2.45
j.. $2.50 Pure Wool Homespun Skirts. $ I<7 - Amisilk Waists, lined, at
lined throughout, cut to.: ...95e 75c
1 1 $3.50 Wool Tramping Skirts^uy o pV^J 5^^'^ ] 1 1 ] ] G5c .
** $is.'oo Taffeta' Silk* Skirts at $7.95 $300 Fancy Trimmed Pique Skirts
I $6.00 Satin Trimmed Worsted ••• ?1.4o
T Skirts at $2.45 $10.00 Kersey Box Coats at $6.45
T CHILDREN'S, MISSES' NEWEST STYLE JACKETS AND RAG-
X LANS $2.75 to $20.00
I 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET.-.¦..- ¦ -¦ - ¦ ¦ .. •¦ •. - . . - ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦¦•-'„ „- ¦ ¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, '2 JULY, 7, 1901
28
SAW FRANCISCO CAIX.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In th# year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
iSOO Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street : open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Btreet ; open unUl 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until p. m. .¦/; -..".,.
10$ Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1098 Valencia street ;• open until 9 P- m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
4 I AT THE STRAI*nERS'5A'BBATH HOME
I ft (64?) Howard Zt MetLodIst-Episcop« ;
B fl Chuich Bet ai & 3d Si*. Seats Free.
II (I Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
ftj , t Jjfl Res. by the Church. Tel. Black 9* > t.
SSlAjre' nn mfortab!eseat )
ii/T *T«iL A 1 1 1 lurteous greeting > Aw*it y«
SrAjjA UUrdiji! welcome 3
2Jf] fflVii 11 a. m., sermon on "Practical Re-
X!'*SrTf ' 5. tiPion" by Rev. H. Bercland, a
T^ljgfEByhi. former Sunday school scholar here.
JftaSWiai OlTertory, contralto foIo by Mrs.
H. M. Owens. 12:30 p. m., Sunday school and
pastor's Bible class for strangers. 6 p. m.,
Epworth League rally. 7:33 p. m.. song serv-
ice and sermon by pastor, bis thirty-third an-
niversary in the pastorate. Offertory, tenor
polo by Mr. Keene. After meeting by Miss
Ruth Eorrells.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D. HutElnpiller will preach at II o'clock on
the topic. "What Meaneth This?" A holy
communion 6ervice. At 32:45 religious patri-
otic sen-ice in Sunday school. At 6:30 Mr.
John Rogers holds the patriotic religious
service of Christian Endeavor. At 7:45 Dr.
Huteinpiller conducts sen-ice and preaches
on the topic. "The Courage. Piety. Patriotism
and Mistake of Jephthah."
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
churches worship together at corner of Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts.— Rev. Dr. HemphiU.
D.D.. will preach morning and evening. 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Evening topic, "Lesson*
I Learned From Tanning." Sabbath school
end Mr Johnston's Bible class, 12:80. Chris-
tian Endeavor, 6:30. Wednesday evening serv-
vice. 8 o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
TJNITARIAX Church <First). southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavltt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister
emeritus; Charles A. Murdock. superintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
There will be no service during July.
TRINITY Church, corner of Bush and Gough
ets.— Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D.,
rector. Holy communion, 7:30 and 11 a. m.
Morning service. 11 o'clock. Evening prayer,
4 o'clock. Friday eervlce for army and navy
at 11 a. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor, will preach at both sen-ices. At 11
a. m.. topic. "What Did Jesus Bear for
Us?" Holy Communion and reception of
members. At 7:45 p. m., topic, "The Man
Whom God Took." All are cordially Invited.
EMMANTTEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st., near
Twenty-third— Morning service. 11 o'clock.
Preaching by Rev. J. George Gibnn. Even-
ing 7:45. Organ recital and sacred concert;
soloists. Miss Clara Madden, soprano: Miss
R. E. Weston. Miss Mabel Florence Gordon,
contraltos: Mr. W. Walker, tenor: Rev. J.
George Gibson, barytone; Miss Lotta I'nder-
hlll. organist.
FIRST Church <jf Christ, Scientist. Central
block, 223 Butter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. -Christian Science Bible lesson at
II a. m. : subject, "God": Sunday school for
children at the same hour: Wednesday even-
ing meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-room,
206 Kearny st.. room 510. All are welcome.
THE Flret Mental Science Temple meets reg-
ularly every Sunday morning In Golden Gate
Hall. Public always invited. July 7. 11 a.
m.. Dr J. M. Case will lecture on "Fault
Finders." Seats free; collection taken.
HOME of Truth (practical Christianity), 1231
Pine et.. near Hyde— Sunday services. -11 j
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Weekly meetings. Mon- I
day. S p. m. Tuesday, 3 p. m. All are wel-
come. ¦
I. F. T. BIBLE Spiritual Church, 909 Market
st.— 11, free: 2 and 8. 10c. Mrs. Seeley Max-
wcll. Mr. Wilson, othert: election at "5 p. m.
MEETINGS Sl'XDAY.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN will lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market St.; subject. "The Functions of the
Liver." to be followed by magnificent views
In Switzerland. Those attending may procure
free tickets to X-ray exhibition at the Sani-
tarium next Tuesday evening. Seats free; no
collection.
COME snd^ee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names: has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's re-
cord medsl at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkin. - - '-
1'NIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society— Public meeting to-night: subjects,
"Power of Prayer" and "The Higher Des-
tiny." Brotherhood Hall. 310 O'Farrell et.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing tests to all;
circles 10c: Sundays, Tuesdays; readings
daily. 278 Ninth s^
EDWARD EARLE 1 S seance to-night. 32S Ellis
St.; wonderful and startling tests; developing
class Friday night.
OCCIDENTAL Hall to-night— Alfred Cridge
will speak on "How to Get Ahead of the !
procession." |
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re- j
turn to-night, CCS McAllister st.; 10c; come, j
skeptics. j
MRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting,
8250 22<J St., bet. Mission sand Valencia; 8
p. m. ; 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
MRS. EVANS, 120 Sixth; cir. to-night, 8 p. m..
lCc. and every eve. but Thur.; readings daily.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual meeting, 8
p. m. ; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin St.
FREE lecture on palmistry, with free read-
ings at 8 this eve, and Wed. eve. 423 Ellis.
SEE and talk with your spirit friends to-nSght;
.readings to-day. ARNOLD DICKSON. 148 Cth.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay St.; circles to-
night and Wednesday, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
KATIE HEl'SSMANN'S circle to-night; 25c.
136 West Mission St.. near Thirteenth.
5IEETIXG XOTICES.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. '
F.-T'ii> officers and the funeral §^s523?v=
committee of the above-named : 5§p3^s^'
lodge ere hereby notified to assem- /MV
ble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
Seventh els.. o»» MONDAY, July 8, at 1:30
p m.. for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our late brother, PETER HIRSCHFELD.
By order of the N. G.
CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
AIjTA Lodge No. 2C5. I. O. O. F.— jJJjBBJSft.
Meeting TO-MORROW fllonday), ©52f32S?3
July S, at S p. m. sharp. Matter 1aE£3sp?-
of great Importance and Interest ''«t*W*^
to Its members. Also installation of officers.
Visitors cordially Invited.
M. L. GROSSMAN, N. G.
AU. VOLIGNY. R. S.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F..
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.— In- §iT»Tal!^-
etallation TUESDAY EVENING,
July 9. 1901. Visitors cordially ' ""'
invited. S. F. THOMPSON, N. G.
A. S. CRONK. R. S.
THE twenty-sixth annual fc^dSSNg**"**.
picnic of Loyal Oranse
Lodges Nob. 118 and 127 rf» q.
will be held In Shell
Mound Park, Berkeley, on FRIDAY, July 12.
G. E. LITTLE, Secretary.^
JR. O. U. A. M.— Abraham Lin- 11 _ Jh fTk
coin Council No. 2 meets every m 7 J^ ¦ H
THURSDAY EVENING In ¦ £j\ / Jk
Sf-ven Pin<>(< Hall, Alcazar build- ff^TQwfu
ln«r. CO O'Farrell Ft. July 11, in- &£n3^»
et&Ilatlon of officers. All Juniors 1^
cordially welcome. By order
A. L. WHITE. Councilor.
EINTRACHT Spar und Ban Vereln— The an-
nual meeting and election of directors for the
ensuing term will be held on TUESDAY, July
9. 1901, at 7:30 p. m.. in the office of the asso-
ciation, Elntracht Hall. 2S7 Twelfth et. Polls
open from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. The twenty-
fourth series now open for subscription.
Monthly payments $1 per share.
ADOLF WIRTNER. Vice President.
HENRY GILLE, Secretary.
INTERNATIONAL Union Steam Engineers,
Local No. 64. will meet at Alcazar building,
WEDNESDAY NIGHT. July 10, 190L at 8
o'clock. All members are requested to at-
tend. T. H. ELY. Corresponding Sec.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be heid in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 15. 1901, at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGEXTS \\~AXTED.
NEW ceneus imblicatlons are now rea^y; we
want reliable agents to Fell them in all parts
of the country: splendid opportunity for teach-
ers and students to make money during vaca-
tion; territory reserved for good agents; write
I for full particulars. RAND. McNALLY &
CO.. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proflt-
table and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
LA DY or ' gentleman solicitor for flrst-class
photographic studio. Box 43S3, Call office.
ASPHALTDM ROOFING. ¦_ ¦
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- :
paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY^
THE Planetary Hour Book forecasts every- hour
in July for you; 10c. Calculated by ERNEST
S. GREEN, astrologer. 1804 Market st. ¦
SCIENTIFIC teacher of astrology; can be ac-
curately learned in five lessons. MRS. DR.
SMITH. 1004 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton:
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Max-
ket St.; coTTsultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would 7ike small children to bopxd; good
home and care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
2 OR 8 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny yard:nr.8chool;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS NEW ANK OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES. \
$1350— CORNER saloon to be sold on account
of sickness; is a first-class paying business;
full investigation solicited by ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway. Oakland^
$70C0— GROCERY; annual business $85,000; any.
party meaning business invited to investigate
thoroughly; first-class trade and location;
rood reason for selling. ALDEN CO., 1118
Broadway. Oakland.
$1750— LODGING-HOUSE doing a -first-class
paying business; 40 rooms. ALDEN CO.. 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— GOOD corner cigar stand by ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
FREE! ;
FREE! ' PATENT and
FREE!
FREE! MECHANICAL
FREE!
FREE! ENCYCLOPEDIA. '
No inventor or mechanic should be without it.
Sent postpaid on reauest.
KEYSTONE LAW & PATENT CO.,
1151 Betz Building. Philadelphia.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores, SOO gro-
ceries and bars, 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
stores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can offer
you.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at offlce.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market St., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911. ¦
$200— TRANSFER corner saloon; occupied 7
years by present owner; rent is very reason-
able. For further information apply to 1414
Jackson st. (cottage), bet. Hyde and Larkin.
GENTLEMAN with some capital will do well
to call at room 44, New Western Hotel, cor-
ner Kearny and Washington sts., to meet
party with paying proposition.
$300 — START business for yourself and be inde-
pendent; $150 per month; manufacturing mo-
nopoly; BOO per cent profit; one outfit only.
Inventors, box 2414, Call. j
GROCERS'. New man'Tff company; world-
wide field; shares to grocers at one- fourth
established price. Investigate fully. Box
4398, Call office.
WE have a good opening for a lady or gen-
tleman of business experience; must invest
J2500. WARD & MOSELEY, 20 O > Farrell St.
BARBER shop for sale In cpuntry hotel; owner
leaves on account of sickness in his family.
Address box 4367, Call offlce. i
PARTNER wanted in retail fruit store; must
be well adapted for the store. Box 4388, Call.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar; $100; reason
sickness. 1322 Natoma st., bet. 14th and 15th.
! A— $150 PER month guaranteed young man; $600
required. Room 8, 906 Market st.
i TO LET— Fine paying hotel in Crockett. Mc-
EWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery Bt.
$1000— FIRST-CLASS millinery store for sale;
owner moving away. Address MRS. . J. C.
DUBOIS, Santa Rosa, Cal.
FOR sale — Grocery and saloon. Including hall
upstairs; sold cheap on account of sickness;
good locality. Corner 28th and Church sts.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; on
account of sickness. 29 Ninth st.
SALOON for sale; doing flrst-clas's business; on
account of other business. Cor. Mason & Ellis.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths in
*\otel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. \
850 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23, Phone BuEh 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
42 r. cor.; rent $100; lease 6 yrs. ; car., fur.
3 years old , $1900
; 32 r. cor.: rent $105; good house: clears $120. 1400
i HONEY loaned on deferred payments; 1%%.
I 20 r. rent $80; good house; always full barg. 1000
j 18 r. ; rent $85; good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
. 20 r. rent $60; good house; always full; barg. 1000
I Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
I MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent,
719 Market sL. by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1803.
32 rooms: 14 large bay windows; a corner; 3
blocks north of Market; oak furniture; clears
$30 a month above all expenses; rent $105.. $1400
17 rooms: all men; rich carpets; north of Mar-
ket et. ; elegant furniture; clears $70 a month.
11 rooms; rent 535; oak furniture; mortgage
$375; clears $35; exchange for small house.. $700
Call at office for list Above are only samples.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1342.
I 75 rooms; price $5000142 rooms; price $3300
j 26 rooms; price 1800130 rooms; price 2250
j 22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price.... 1500
] 14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 750
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the. city, and pay for It
in monthly payments
. from the profits
. of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 MARKET ST.
17 rooms; rent $50; Fourth st .$875
26 rooms; fine corner; rent $90 1575
SO rooms; new; cheap rent 1375
55 rooms: rent $100; part cash 2100
25 rooms; fine sunny corner; only... 1900
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911. J
9 ROOMS; rent $30; finely furnished, good car-
pets; $500. Howard st., between Third and
Fourth. Box 4337. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Sunny corner lodging-house of 15
rooms; north of Market. Box 4378, Call.
LODGING House, 20 rooms, $325. Call at 105
New Montgomery st.
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; furnished.
m\h. Mission st. ¦ • - -
CARPET BKATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-337 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1702 Harrison; tel. 'Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
233 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
' JONES & CO., reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating i Works. G.- H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 260.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; telr Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Elehth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
_^ ¦^^COM :; lBCT1^3f OF^CEsT"
GEORGH W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. -Room 310. 927 Market St.
SPIRITUALISM. —
— ~~~
Trance, business medium; -life reader; exam-
' lnes ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures Blck; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
Et. car; Bit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
: RESUMED business — Mrs. Dr. Faraham, the
world-renowned 'spiritual, medium; advice in
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Residence (no signs), 38 McAllister st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK/ the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
: anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday*
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J. \
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10a
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thura. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana; •
only 10c. 262 Minna St., near Fourth. •
CLAIRVOYANTS- -
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST. • :
. MRS. DR. CLARK. '-'¦':
The well-known trance medium, 1206 Market st. .
- . Are you In trouble?
! Bad health, business worry, family difficulties,
legal complications or under evil influences?
Mrs. Clark will help you. She deals with life I
and Its practical bearings, and many are they
who rise to call her name "blessed." Her enor- !
mous and varied experience for years of study
and travel, and above all her marvelous power \
of knowing all things at a glance, make her .
advice invaluable. The most complicated dis- j
ease, business entanglement or domestic diffi-
culty is instantly perceived and the remedy
suggested. There Is no case too difficult for her ,
to handle, as thousands can testify. , .
Life In all Its various phases she has made -
her one study. • . ]
The cause of failure, the road to success, de- .
nominate conditions, and rise above all evils of 3
whatever kind she has mastered.
No man or woman need remain under the •
cloud. There Is always a way out. She will
discover it and help you. .
READ HER CIRCULAR. "
Sent free on application with 2-cent stamp,
and learn more about the laws of life and her
own peculiar and wonderful powers than you
have ever known.
SHE GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS,
Speculation, stocks, investments, law. etc. She '
will tell you what trade, business' or profession
you are adapted for. Tells you- when and whom
you will marry and how to make it a peaceable
and happy union. 'Has your lover deceived you?
Or are you in trouble? You can be aided an<t
all can be made right. Family love and, in
fact, all domestic troubles of public or private
nature can be made right and kept right after
a visit to this Inspired medium of modern times.
Removes evil influences.
She never fails to unite 'the
Separated by proper advice.
LEARN THE SECRET POWER TO CONTROL.
Have you ever noticed how some people are
lucky, happy and prosperous in life, while oth-
ers merely exist and are Just as miserably un-
happy? Why is this? Can you answer? Ask
her and she will tell"you why. Mrs. Clark has :
devoted ten years of her life to the study of
clairvoyance.
Mrs. Clark has been located in this city for
several years and Is not compelled to seek
other localities.
SHE HAS STOOD THE TEST AND IS HERB
TO STAY.
;
Call and test the doctor to your heart's" con-
tent, and you will depart thoroughly satisfied
that there Is at least one reliable medium and '
clairvoyant now In your midst. . Nothing in life .
Is too obscure for Mrs. Dr. Clark to reveal.
If you have lost faith and given up In despair
because of former failure, take courage now
I and call on Mrs. Dr. Clark without delay. Con-
viction will be sure and happiness and success
will follow.
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. All busi-
ness sacred and confidential. Sickness, losses,
deaths, etc., will be omitted from your reading ;
at your request; otherwise everything, good and
bad, will be given.-
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1206 Market St.. corner Golden Gate ave.
Parlors 25 and 26; take elevator. Offlce Hours —
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible, were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
field in life, consult ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has become a proverb In thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
Sundays by appointment only, at her offlce, 1148
Market st., opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tions answered. $1. Full life reading, $5.
PROF. W. H. MONTAGUE, ~>
CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST,
Is in San Francisco, using his strange and
mysterious powers for the benefit of mankind.
Montague's thousands of written testimonials
from all over the world are proof of his won T
derful knowledge. He gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, courtehlp, marriage
and divorce; causes speedy and happy mar-
' riage. The earth reveals to him the hidden
treasures In her bosom: he locates mines, in-
terprets dreams, tells of your friends and en-
emies, removes evil Influences, settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated, gives advice
pertaining to lawsuits, everything; charges in
reach of all; reception room 14, 1104 Market st.
MME. M. BERNARD. •
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. Shs
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
YOUR life Is an open book
to the phenomenal life reader and
WONDER WORKER,
MADAM MONTAGUE.
She gives names, facts and figures. What-
ever your troubles are visit MADAM MON-
TAGUE and she will set i It aright; perfect
satisfaction by mail: send stamps for spe-
cial rates. 1382 Market street, opposite
Seventh.
A— LINCOLN— CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST —
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking- a single question; cures |
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated; makes harmony
in your home; gives accurate ad.vlce on all
business affairs;lnvestments,minlng, oil; read-
ings by mall; send stamps for terms.125 Turk.
MRS. - DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar- j
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take ei^vator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest Egyp- I
tlan secret: shows picture of future husband
| or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
i cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful Clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 60. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clalr., palmist: advice on
; all affairs;' messages from departed 'friends;
1 teacher of personal magnetism. 1523% Market.
WONDERFUL clairvoyant; tells everything;
; money back if not true; send 10c and birthday.
PROF. J. MYERS, Lincoln Park sta_, Chicago.
• MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facto, dates -.satisfaction by mail;
inclose stamp. 1382 Market, opposite 7th St.
Mrs. Dr. Sayler, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
¦ lets; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail $1.
lnll',4 Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
¦ ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
• palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m, to 5 p. m.
' KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
! palmiet and reader of human, destiny j never
; fails; 25c*and SOc. 1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.
¦ MRS. HANSEN, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmist; past, present and future; 25c. 108
' Sixth Bt.. 2d floor.
LOUISA BLAKE, Canadian card reader; ad-
: vice on business; no card. 516 Third st. ; 25o
' and 50c. . • ¦ " ¦
' M. WILLE, crystal seer,' clairvoyant, medium;
- sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; EOc. 215 Leavenworth.
Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader ; when oth-
, ers fall_ consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.'
! MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 26c;
1 gents 50c, .951 Mission, nr. -6th; open' Sundays.
'. MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
' MME. A UGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1140 Mission.
- MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader |
. ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. - .
; CAPE NOME.
: CAPE NOME/ Teller City and" all points in
Alaska. For freight & passage rates call or
. write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st.. rm. 6.
> f^ " mm^^^ "*^ — "^^ — *^ *"' — *^^^i
J DENTISTS.
' AT"th^"EL"ECTM-D^EN^TX£^LTNIc71oT^aXr^
, ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
.without ¦ plates our specialty ; gold - crowns,
- $3 50 up;, plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of -
; flee hours, 9 a,' m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays,' 9 to 2.
I p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M.D., Manager. ;
t AT Ideal - Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
.£ on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DENTISTS— Coatteiiiea.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
..wonderful secret, painless . method ; 20 years'
experience; no students? advice free:" prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU St.;
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and •
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors,' 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices " In S.~ F. Painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and. Bun-.
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building.
rooms 323-324. Han Francisco: t«»l. South 381. •¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MISS GILLTGAN'S dressmaker tailor system
taught. 10 Metcalf pi., nr. Mason St., off Geary.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. .1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' beading Business College, 723 Market —
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm' 1 arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc. ; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand; typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford " professor. Phelan building.
INSTRUCTOR of experience will • coach in
Greek, Latin, mathematics; references. Ad-
. dress box 2269. Call offlce, Oakland.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIA'LTY — Perfecting beginners; buslnesj I
¦college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short. '
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg. i
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth^st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st.,'nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping." grammar/writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LESSONS in the English branches; references,
2111% Bush Et; telephone Jackson 665.
BANJO and guitar. R. T. ROSS, 514A Jones
St.; string music furnished.
PIANO lessons given at pupils' home. Box
4403. Call. ¦
EJLECTRO-THERAPEIJTI^ I
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help^ofall kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
. nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: all kind* help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation;
best city ref.; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.- . .'... --.'¦; .
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; best city references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325, Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires Eltua-
tion; best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation; best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN wants work by day or week; refer-
ence. Call in evening at 421B Natoma St.-
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants situa-
tion to do light housework or take care of
Invalid. Address 118 Grant ave.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or,
country; no postal cards answered. 10 Stock-
ton place, off Grant ave.
TRAINED nurse with knowledge of halrdress-
ing wishes position as maid to lady; willing
to travel; salary $30. Box 43(50, Call office.
DRESSMAKER from New York wishes en-
gagements in families; beautiful gowns made;
satisfaction guaranteed. 802 Geary st.
AN American woman wants work by. the day;
flrst-class references; washing and ironing
preferred. 1 Address box 4397, Call.
A LADIES' nurse would like to make engage-
ments; terms reasonable; reference given. Call
or address "Ladies' Nurse," 127 Seventh st.
WANTED — Family sewing- or' mending by the
day; reasonable. Box 4401, Call.
AVANTED — By an American woman, a posi-
tion asy housekeeper or* general housework;
no objection to country. Call 627 Turk st.;
no postals.
REFINED German woman wants a position;
upstairs work and sewing; a flrst-class
housekeeper. 40 Twelfth st. *
i STRONG, . good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
. references; wages $1 per day an£l car fara.
88 Third St., room 10, upstairs.
RESPECTABLE Swedish 1 lady wants position
as working housekeeper in a small family; I
best of reference. 243 Rltch-st.
POSITION wanted by steady and reliable
young woman; understands housework and:
cooking well; no washing. 770 Folsom st.
HOUSEKEEPER by Eastern woman; elderly,
neat and reliable; good cook and laundress;
used to children ; wages $12 to $15. 268 Stev-
enson st. room 7. • ,
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position , to do
general * housework or second work. Call at
14 Moss St., downstairs, oft Howard, bet.
Sixth and Seventh; wages $20 to $25.
WOMAN wants work by the- day, washing,
ironing or housecleaning; $125 per day and
car fare. Address Laundress, Call branch
office, 200 Hayes st.
WANTED — Position by a young, respectable,
lady with a child at housekeeping or house-
.work. , 1239 Market st. ; : • • . . '•' ¦
A YOUNG woman with a little child wishes a
place in a country town; more for good home
than wages. Address box 4363, Call office. .
GOOD cook from New York; $1 50 and carfare
for plain cooking; call on to work; willing
worker. < Box 4352, Call offlce.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
.ironing or sweeping; $150. Address M. S.,
152>/4 Clara st, bet. Fourth and, Fifth.
TEACHER, Protestant, speaking French flu-
¦ ently, desires position as governesa with
Christian family; 'no objection to - the cotin-
. try. Call at 1605 Franklin st., corner Pine.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established , at 1036
Valencia st. . - . . ,
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Position as ranch foreman by first-
. clasB man with long experience and the best
of references: -thorough practical- knowledge
In mixed farming, " orchard, vineyard, irriga-
tion, drying and shipping fruit, keeping ac-
counts and handling men. Address box 1111,
' Call of flee. :.•;. . ¦ ,
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper open for engagement;
city: or country. Box 4372. Call.
SITUATION • ' wanted— Stenographer, expert
• typewriter and copyist; 8 years' commercial
and railroad' experience; first-class refer-
ences; young man, age 26. Address F. H. :A.,
: 781 .Mission, St.: ... - ¦
A THOROUGHLY experienced general store
manager and offlce ., man wants position In
.'mining camp or town. Box 4359. Call. /¦
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German, un-
derstands care of horses, j etc., garden work,
; has : porter > experience and I is handy with
tools, desires : ; position. . Address H. ; P.,*\ 217
:;' . • ¦ ,¦. . ¦'-.-- " "- '
, EMPLOYMENT .WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man" wishes to hear of a position in
grocery store or bar; good reference. Box
4381, Call. , '
POSITION wanted by young man, 28 years of
age; has considerable experience In massage,
1 orthopedic, Swedish movements, hydro-thera-
peutic, physical culture and nursing; strictly
sober and Industrious: can speak English,
German, French and Spanish. Address box
43CS, Call.
POSITION by a young man of 23, where there
Is steady work and a chance for advance-
ment. Box 4399, Call office.
WANTED— By two rough carpenters and paint-
ers, job work; own tools; city or country.
Box 4402, Call office.
A NEW YORK salesman with an established
trade for California' wine Ms open for a posi-
tlon. .. Address box 4407, Call of flee.
GROCERY clerk wants position; 10 years' ex-
perience; • flrst-class references; no saloon.
Box 4404, Call offlce. .,
SITUATION wanted by a young man to take
care of horses and do general ¦work; private
place. Box 4411. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class bread and
cake baker or pastry cook to take charge;
from the East; long experience; Irish-Ameri-
can. Address H. PRIMROSE, room 32, 520
Bush st.
OLD, single gentleman wants employment
tending store, office, superintending city or
country property In absence of owner; a. s.
o. ; moderate expectations; references. Box
4365. Call offlce.
A .MIDDLE-AGED, unencumbered. highly
trustworthy attorney wishes employment or
• remunerative connection with a law firm;
agreeable association more an object than re-
muneration. Box 4318. Call offlce. ;
MAN and wife wish positions on private place
or farm; man experienced houseman, woman
good dressmaker, cook, etc. ' Address T.
MULROONEY, 3983 Twenty-fourth St., city.
CARPENTER will work cheap If given steady
work; good all around man; prefer shop,
firm, corporation, estate work; give trial.
Box 3483, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese bov wishes situation as
cook in hotel or boarding house; had experi-
ence. 1224 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10JS
Valencia st.
EXCHAXGE. _ _ _ C.-^l;^,.,..r.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan build-
ing, Market st.— Send particulars of anything
you have for exchange, sale or rent; registra-
tion -free; Insurance and loans.
$250,000 — New York income property; 4 fine
hotels; 640 acres Kern oil land; copcer and
gold mines; 2100 acres grazing or farm land;
piano and jewelry;' business or lady's horse
and buggy; state your wants.
EXCHANGE and sales offlce, 321 Phelan bldg..
Market st. — Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale or want; registration
free; insurance and loans.
WHAT have you in S. F.,. Berkeley or Oakland,
clear, to exchange tor about 4-acre block, in-
cluding sheltered beach for salt water bath-
ing; 14-room residence; sewered; cement
basement, well and cistern water, glass con-
servatory, fountain, shade 'and fruit trees,
etc.; suitable for sanitarium or resort; thriv-
ing settlements adjacent; about two hours
from San Francisco; principals only. Address
box 4410. Call offlce.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st.; phone Capp 2682.
FLATS TO LET.
751 EDDY st., near Van Ness ave. — A well ar-
ranged upper fiat of 8 rooms and bath; cen-
trally located. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE &
CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
1275 AND 1277 O'Farrell st. — 2 beautiful sunny
upper flats of S rooms and bath and all mod-
ern conveniences. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO., 218-220 Montgomery St.
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed
ceilings; looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which is new and
artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at 409 Cole st.
FINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st.
FURNISHED complete for housekeeping— 4
rooms and bath; lower flat. 1908 Filbert St.;
call after 6 p. m.
JULIAN ave., 131, near Sixteenth and Mission
Ets. — 8 rooms and bath; furnished or unfur-
nished.
$25— GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero st., between
23d and 24th. -
3418A I7TH st., near . Valencia st. ; fine sunny
middle flat, 6 rooms and bath; partly fur-
nished; rent reasonable.
A MARINE view, sunny, 8 rooms, bath, new.
2414 Van Ness ave., near Union st. :
FINE sunny 6-roora flat, $15; cheap; save car
fare. 3 Pine place, oft* Pine St., near Mason.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay ¦window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and. Ninth.
FLAT to let for unfurnished rooms. Apply at
204^4 Eddy st. ' . -
FLAT, I 5 rooms and bath. 1120 Hyde st. ; rent
$17. - -v
NEW, modern 7-room flat. 1530 Jackson st,
between Larkin and Polk.
$8 — COTTAGE,' 4 rooms; large yard. 430 Sev-
enth st., near Harrison.
$11— 4-ROOM flat; cellar; water free. 20 Sum-
ner st./ off Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$18—1461 SACRAMENTO, near Hyde; flat, 7
'. rooms, bath, eas; nice yard. ' .
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FELL, 111— Four nicelv furnished rooms with
bath. W
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ,' .
FURNITURE of 12-room house; kill lard-room;
all new; will sell just as it stands or carpets;
rent $50. Address 25 Baker St., cor. Page.
FOR SALE — Furniture of a 5-room cottage;
complete; party going East; cheap If taken
quick. Box 4377, Call. .
j 4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S GO, with No. 7
; range. King 'Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE cheap; 4 rooms; all or part; call
soon. 32 Clinton Park, off Valencia st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys -your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP W ANTED— FE3*ALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..¦
.2 waitresses. State of Nevada, fare paid. ..$20
2 waitresses, springs, Sonoma County $20
.'2 waitresses, resort, Sonoma County.... $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz $2'J
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mt3., fare paid... $20
• 2 waitresses,. springs, Santa Clara County.. $20
2 waitresses, Amador County, fare paid
2 waitresses, south, fare paid...* i $25
AValtress, summer resort, see party Mon-
day morning $20
. 25 waitresses, different commercial hotels..
. : $20-$25
20 waitresses, city, restaurants and hotels..
$2O-$4O
2 chambermaids, city $18-$20
< Cooks, hotels $25-$J0
' Shampooer,' springs, fare advanced.. ...... ..$25
..: LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT..:.. I
2 women ironers on ladies' clothes. Lake Ta-
hoe, fare paid, $35; fancy ironer. resort, $35, ;
'short distance; laundress, summer resort, $30, j
fare paid; lroner, Santa Rosa, $10; fancy
ironer, Palo Alto, • $30. ¦
FAMILY DEPARTMENT '
Cook and second ; girls, same house, $?5;
housekeeper for old lady, country, $15; house- 1
. keeper for widower and 2 children, $15 and ;
fare paid; woman with a child, $15; German ;
woman with. a^ child as cook for small coun- i
try hotel, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO....... ......104 Geary st.
2 GIRLS for same family, $15 each; one to take '
care of small children and light second work. '
the other for cooking and housework; office
•fee paid by lady. ; ; .
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ."..I... .... 104 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED, woman about 35; care of small
children: . references; good home; no offlce
fee; $10-$12. '.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ............ lOi Geary st.
LTDA FORRESTER, the pastry cook— Please
call or send • address- to C. R. HANSEN &
¦ CO.. 104 Geary st /
A CHAMBERMAID and waitress, also cook '
' for a sanitarium, fare here, "$35 and t'Hi
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Et.
5 WAITRESSES, $25 per • month, -room and
board. 1 Cal. Emp. Agency, 59 Third : st.
OPERATORS for our white and fancy shirt de-
J partments; special Inducements to those who
have had experience: will also take a limited
number of young girls about 16 years of age
- for Instruction ; operators and girls to learn
• for work in our overall ; department. Stand- •
S ard ; Shirt : Factory, Gough and Grove sts. ¦. j
HELP WASTED— FEMALE- — Con.
$25 TO $33 per week guaranteed; three ladies '
and two gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no pre-
vious experience necessary. Caldwell J-oliege
of Oratory and Acting. Hoover Hall, izu
Market st. ' - ¦
WANTED— By a large wholesale house, a
young lady stenographer; must he experi-
enced. Address in own handwriting box
4376. Call offlce. . '
WANTED— Au American girl; permanent posi-
tion; for upstairs work; nfust bring reliaole
references. Apply 1221 Golden Gate ave., Alon-
day morning. ¦-
WANTED-Geman girl for upstairs work and
asFist with children; apply mornings: car 1
fare refunded. • 1004 Paru St., Morton station. J
Alameda, __^ - *
WANTED-A young girl to assist In light
housework; wages moderate; call between II
and 13 o'clock Monday. 682 Waller St., San
Francisco. _^ ;
TWO pianists to play for lessons. HOOVER
University of Physclal Culture, 1319 to 1329
Market: 100 page Illustrated catalogue free.
WANTED— Experienced stenographer, male or
, female; to go to oan Jose. Address, with
references to-day box 4379, Call office.
WANTKD— A competent cook; permanent posi-
tion; piort bring reliable references. Appl7
1224 Golden Gate ave.. Monday morning. I
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices 011
men's neckwear; steady work; best pay. 1* .
SAMTER & SON. 51S Market st.
WANTED— Business woman of experience and
gocd Judgment can find good opening. Ad-
dress box 4385. .Call olflce. _» ¦
SALESLADY— Experienced in glove depart-
ment; state former position. Address box
4409, Call office. ' >
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. »41
, Market st. y^. <-Z-
YOUNG girl to assist a young couple with
housekeeping. 2754 Twenty-third st. :
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1022 Washington St.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady who understands
children; light housework. 1619 Sutter st.
WANTED-A German girl to care for children
during the day. 1620 Waller at.
EXPERIENCED hands to crochet underskirts
at home. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sanaome st.
OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles*
wear. • 723 Market St.. room 85.
OPERATORS to take work home on ladies*
underwear. 723 Market st., room 35.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer; state age
and salary expected. Box 4386, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework; German or
Swedish preferred. 2613 Pacific ave., 10 a. m.
TWO girls, one cook and housework, one nurse
for 2 children. 1816 Baker st.
.YOUNG woman (Catholic) for light housework
in family .of 3 adults. 657 Broderick st.
GIRL for second work and waitress. Apply
with reference Monday, 2440 Pacific ave.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finisher
on vests; good wages. 919H Howard at.
PANTS finishers; steady work; call Monday.
Royal Pants Co.. 223 Kearny st.
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery. 636 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class finisher' on pants; steady
work. 461% Minna St., near Sixth..
10 MORE agents for our Standard Remedy.
1219 Valencia st. ; call to-day and to-morrow.
WANTED — Neat girl to wait at table and other
light work. Apply 306 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— A girl for pasting. Satchel factory,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 222 Kearny. st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — A finisher on coats; steady work.
Apply to S. JACOBS, 127 Russ st.
GOOD girl to learn bookbinding. MYSELL,
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay St.
WANTED— A lady to assist In light housework;
good home. Call after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st.
A GERMAN girl for cooking and housework:
wages $20. Apply 321 Kearny st. *
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. S. F. M. CO., 523 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls to
learn waiting on table. 725 Market st.
WANTED — Good experienced waitresses; none
but experienced need apply. 20 Third st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists
and wrappers; steady work; electric power.
MARKS BROd.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED— Housekeeper at 624 Seventh st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn; no fee. 127 Mason st. ;
FEW more agents wanted In every town on
1 Pacific Coast to advertise and sell medicine;
good commission. 1327 Market .St.. room 3.
WANTED— Girl to work in shooting gallery;
good wages. 523 Pacific st.
GOOD sewer wanted * In bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents* white
shirts. 535 Valencia.
LADIES wishing to marry send address to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.; no charges.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S 104 GEARY ST.
Wanted — 2000 men for new railroad work
FREE FARE FREE FARE
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $2
: :.... FOR NEVADA
: 150 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR TRUCKEE
200 laborers and teamsters
• FOR COAST ROAD
10O laborers, ballasting track $1 75
For Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
Divisions
;... For Santa Fe System
100 laborers, section work $1 75
'..For Stockton and Merced Divisions
For Chatsworth Park, big tunnel
r.O heading men and drillers $2 25 and $2 50
100 muckers and laborers $175 and $2
Free Fare Ship To-dav...; Free Fare
2 locomotive firemen. $65: German cheese-
maker, $60; blacksmiths and woodworkers, $40
to $50 and board; 50 laborers for a big ditch.
%2 25 a day; 6 asphalt miners, $2 a day and
board
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, $65; assistant butcher, $50; assistant
confectioner, $25; assistant baker. $25; 3 bell-
boys, $20. for first-class country hotel, fares
paid; strong, active man for dishwashing ma-
chine, country hotel, S30, fare paid; 6 second
cooks, fryers and broilers, $60 to $70: head
cook. $60; second cook, $40; dishwasher, $20, for
summer resort
3 Eastern waiters. American plan, $35; head
•waiter, springs, $35: 6 hotel waiters, country,
$25: 6 bell and elevator boys, $15 to $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
. 59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405.
E0 railroad laborers, S. P. Co.'-a own work
$175 and $2 25 per day
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions
..$1 office fee: no otner expense...
»No experience required Ship daily
.Free Fare
. 10 harvest hands $2 and board
10 lun.ber pliers ,...$35 per month and board
10 men fdr quarry $2 25 per day, free rare
2 teamj-ters, city 4 laborers, city
Milker, country, 18 cows $30 and found
Experienced bookkeeper.. $75 to $100 per month
Blacksmith, country $3 per day
Ranch hands ..$1 50 per day
10 swampers for lumber woods.. $15 per month
4 tree fellers ...$55 per month
4 cross cutters '.$50 per month
2 linemen _ $70 per month
. 5 men for smelter ." $2 40 per day
, 6 men to handle grain $3 per day
I Cheesemaker, Swiss or llmburger cheese.......
1 S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
; 50 R. R. laborers,' Uklah and Santa Barbara.
j free fare; 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
Monday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
I country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found.
i JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union—
1 Free employment. 927 Market st. room 207.
I I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
•• WANTED— Wideawake party In every town
I and city to represent us: pay $100 monthly
I besides monthly private Income to each rep-
I resentatlve; $2CC0 to $5C0O yearly assured: no
' Investment; secure membership and position
! . by sending reference and stamp. . Address
Standard Trust, Douglas block, Los Angeles,
Cal. If filled will notify. .
MEN ¦ wanted to learn the barber trade: only
8 weeks required; 2 years* time saved by our
method; examination and. diploma given
free: complete outfit of tools donated; special
.Inducements this month. Call or write at
ence for special offer and free catalogue.
MOI-I.R BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MAN. upright character, to manage business of
. established house; salary $18 weekly & ex-
penses, payable wkly. from headquarters; ex-
, pense money advanced; permanent; reference.
Standard House, 364 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade;
Hpecial inducements; situation?- guaranteed
1 after 8 weeks' practice; call or vrrlte at once
for special offer and free catalogue.' MOLER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay Kt. ,
''WANTED— A boy from 14 to 16. Apply with
. references Pacific Shirt Co.. 1038 Market st.
. PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLliF.
iPast Commander Geo.-H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A; R., room 40, Phelan bldg., '806 Market.
HBLPJgAgTTg^MAIiE^-C«»-
» iuttpd.t & READY Phone Main 5843
A -S^ T Entployment and *¦}££«»«¦•
«PFCTAL TO-DAY— SU^fA 1
::::::om^ E o c pln siV t« a «.
575 men to^ork on R. r R^.-^-.-^Jar.
;;;;;;;;;;: F orca«fw?RY.^::::::n::
.... We ship three times <^^-^-"
MORNING....^... n NOON i . ¥::::: NIGHT :::
i25'men as-Yaborers (no experience now*)
to work on the Santa Fe K. R- W"*™;
Stockton. Merced. BakersflelcL. free laxe
» g ¦p T£ J{ KJ\J» • ¦•••••¦••••••••
S6o" labor's on iheS P. R- K -, < ? L ' J S 1 g U SSK
divisions. Including Los Angeles and Santa
•Barbara: wages for the above R. K. wort
$1 73 to $2 50 day V« Jttver
GOLD MINES SIL\EK
2 machine miners. Eold mine, f^e^ld— —
S'.'singl'e * hand ' miners; ' "go'ld * mine. Amador
Co.. J75; 2 miners, south.. W «"* (ou !l4
4 miners, Cinnabar mine JljJ
6 Fingle hand miners ii'^'day
20 drillers, tunnel work *- ™> ° a »
20 laborers, tunnel work ;-» J * ~ ay .
23 tunnel men. reduced 'a" 8 -- — ••"V 1 ?-,,*?
5 laborers, good mine, fare J2 50.. 131 & found
10 laborers, large mine VA"""i'V!.H
13 muckers, steady work J60 and found
LABORERS AND WAREHOUSE MEN.
15 laborers for warehouse work, country, free
offlce fee $1; 12 50 day; ship to-day.
Sunday •
6 men to truck grain 25c per hour
6 laborers to handle freight... .$40 and found
10 laborers, no blankets needed J27 oO-
Board and room— 17 laborers $2 day
15 quarry men $2 to $2 23 day.
10 laborers for manufacturing Co
$32 50 to $40 and found
150 laborers, ditch and other work. Shasta,
Trinity and Siskiyou counties, reduced farea..
J2 23 to J3 day
NEW WORK— AMADOR CO
10 2-horse teamsters ; $2 day
10 4-horse teamsters $ 2 d av
SAWMILLS WOODS YARDS
15 men to work in woods... $40 to J60 & found
10 experienced woodsmen J65 and found
10 laborers, for mills, yards and woods, ¦ far*
paid. 2 linemen, crosscut sawyers, 3 Jack-
screwers •••
23 men to pile cordwood $«>
FARMS DAIRIES ORCHARD3
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
8 men for large wheat ranch for harvest
work, $3 day and found, fare $1 30; 175 men
for hay and harvest work, $1 23 to $2 day,
15 men for steady ranch Jobs, $25 to $35; 13
orchard and vineyard hands, $25 to $30; S
pruners $26 and found; hay balers. $3 50 day;
cheese maker, *35; 27 milkers, different dair-
ies, $30 to $40; 3 butter makers and milkers,
$30 and found: 3 choremen, private places,
$30 and $25; 16 choremen and boys, $15. $20
and ISO and found. '
MECHANICAL HELP
Machine blacksmith, near city, J3 50 day;
blacksmith, quarry, north, $3 day; horseshoer,
country shop, easy Job, $2 50 day; 8 black-
smith's helpers, no shoeing: woodworker,
camp, second man. $1 76 day and found; car-
riage painter, fare SOc, $40 and found; ranch
carpenters, $40 and $3J and found: holder-on.
boiler shop, $2 day; stone cutters, no tools,
$2 50 day; machinists, pipe fitters, boiler-
makers and helpers: man to run steam shovel
plant; 14 blacksmiths for other positions.
MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener, Santa Clara County. $30 and found;
choreman, private place, 3 cows, 3 horsee,
$30 and found; teamster for country mer-
chandise store; general utility man, store,
country, $30 and found: stableman, vineyard
company. $30 and found; 16 hostlers and
stablemen, city and country livery and pri-
vate stables; butcher, country shop, $30 and
found- 2 men for barge, $40 and found; 5 deck
hands. $40.
HOTEL BAKERY
OTHER DEPARTMENTS
Camp cook, railroad, free fare.. $45 and found
Cook for mine crew of 20 $40 and found
Cook, small camp, fare $1 50.... $30 and found
10 cooks, hotels, city and country
5 ranch cooks $25 to $85 and found
2 camp waiters, mine $30 and found
Camp waiter, near city, $20; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $33; 13 other waiters; 36 dish-
washers, porters and kitchen hands; steward,
boarding-house, mine company, $40 and found:
baker, country shop. $60; 2 bakers' helpers; 3
butchers. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— BUTCHER shop and order wagon; call to-
day (Sunday). MURRAY & READY. 634-630
Clay st.
STENOGRAPHER anrt typewriter for real es-
tate office; if competent for general offlce
work preferred; state experience, salary ex-
pected and references. Box 1011 Call offlce.
THE Boston Institute of Autoshavlng — We
teach men the art of self -shaving; terms rea-
sonable; offlce hours 10 to 12 a. m.. 1 to 4
and 6 to 8 p. m. 103 Ellis st., room 31.
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
ally in light indoor work; $15 per week to
start; must have $100 cash. 25 Geary St.. r. 1.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
- G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTEX> — Boy 16 to 18, for offlce ¦work, type-
writing and some knowledge of bookkeeping;
salary $20 per month. Box 4413 Call office.
ELDERLY man. care of one horse and do
chores around hotel; $10 month and found.
Potrero Hotel. 301 Twenty-second st.
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity to start In vaude-
vllle and earn a good living. Address RICH-
ARDS, care Chutes.
WANTED Immediately — Two city salesmen;
liberal commission basis. Address box 4405.
Call office.
1528 POLK st. — Dishwasher: small restaurant:
good place. .
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED— 2-chalr barber outfit (revolving);
- give particulars and price. Box 4353, Call.
CANVASSER of good address. Apply Monday
after 9:30?W. M. WRIGHT. 17 Donohoe bldg.
WOODWORKERS wanted. Address box 4400
Call office.
WANTED— Good Job compositor; steady posi-
tion. Apply UPTON BROS.. 409 Market st.
BOY wanted. 107 Sansome St., upstairs. WIE-
NER & MERZBACH.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1506 Kentucky «t,
Potrera
WANTED— A handy, man; one who '•"n lay
carpets. 137 South Park.
WANTED— A good waiter, at the Golden "West
Hotel. 68 Ellis Bt. •
WANTED— A waiter. New Golden. Gate HoteL
134 Fourth st. '
WANTED— A dishwasher. Call after fl *_ t^.'
at Gooch's Oyster Grotto, 113 Ellis st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Loboa
ave.: $12 per month and found.
WANTED — Lithographic engraver; even even-.
Ings and Sundays: cash piece work. 364 Hayes.
A GOOD reliable boy for grocery delivery
wagon; references. Address box 4343, Call.
WANTED— Young wagon blacksmith's helper.
316 McAllister at. *
BOY wanted with some experience- at wagon-
making. 2315 Pine fit.
WANTED— Industrious men and women to
•very town to work for us at home. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to (It*
out; some . requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our work.
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 142 West 23d St.. New York.
CIVIL Service Government positions— About
9500 appointments made last year; probably
10,000 this year; only a common school edu-
cation required; catalogue of Information free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washing-
ton, D. C.
WANTED— Two A No. 1 premium and adver-
tlsing specialty men; large commission -with,
an established line of trade to -work on. Ad-
dress,, stating age and experience, box 4356.
Call offlce.
SUPERINTENDENT for an established oil
company; salary $125 per month, board and
lodging free; must nave some money and
good references. . Box 4364^ Call offlce.
WANTET>— A sober German who understands
care hone and wagon and light porter work;
wages $10 a week. Box 4361, Call office.
; GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F.. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
TAILOR to trim up. -work for coat shoot
BELA3CO-H ARRIS CO.. Ml Market St.
WANTED— 600 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20o up. 923 Howard.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 2Sa
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Offlce boy; wages $20 month; ad-
dress O. P. B.. box 4344, Call offlce.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper; wages $40 a
month. Address B. O. K., box 4345. Call.
BARBER shop for sale; best location In town,
opposite the P. O.; good for $100 per month;
will sell for $123; reason of selling, wife's
poor health. Auburn. Cal.
BARBER shop for sale; 8 chairs: good stand;
must be sold on account of sickness. Apply
at 81 Zoe st.. city. - ' ,
WANTED— ICO quarrymen- and rock drillers.
Apply. 232 Montgomery st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand »hoes for. sale; SOc. 241 Third st.
SHOEMAKERS wanted— Lasters. puller-overs
on Ideal lasting machine; good pay to tha
right men. , Apply foreman. 103 Mission st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for- all narta, at
world. HEBMAM'B, 26 Steuart sW J~THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL^ SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
29
HEtP WAVTBD MALE Cow, rf* !
WANTED — A firct-class lroner on cklrts. shirt
waist*, etc; a steady place; waeec $30 and
found. Address or telephone Stanford French ,
Laundry. Palo Alto.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioner?; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason et ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25o per nigrht: $1 to $2 per week.
AT cash prices for Jl per week, men's suits to
order. KEUHAU3 & CO.. 115 Kearny Et
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
tre*. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
¦WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: r"ading-room»; free
'bus and baggage ts end from ferry.
f , -
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
PAIK~b«y»7 6 years, very stylish; pair sorrels,
7 years, very 6tylish; pair cross match, seal
brown and dapple gray, an elegant family
pair, 6 and 6 years: one sorrel. 5 years, 16
bands, a rood family horse. They are all
sound, rood drivers and eood looking-, and
can be seen and driven by applying to J.
CDOXNELL. Hotel Rafael Stables, San Ra-
fael.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugples,
cart*, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every 'Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him: cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $50 horse. 115 Geary st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard et.
GENTLE family cow for sale. 190 Precita ave.
FOR sale cheap— A canopy surrey, with pole.
In first-class condition: a bargain; can be
peen at 1309 Webster 6t.
A LARGE lot of ICo. 1 pasturage cheap: also a
lot of work mules and a few cheap horses at
the CANTY Ranch. Grayson. Cal.
A LARGE one-horse express wagon, with
sheft-lron bottom. 1570 Turk st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buesiw. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, for sal* cheap. E.S2 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on ecraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st. room 2S.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
VERY desirable residence, nine rooms, base-
ment and attic. 2ZU Jackson St., Presidio
Heights; marine view unsurpassed; rent rea-
sonable.
FINE house; 9 rooms with rear lot on other
street. 1218 Turk rt. ; rent $35.
$10— COTTAGE of 5 rooms. Apply 9 Florence
place, bet. Taylor and Jones sts.. off Vallejo. 1
HOISES WANTED.
LODGING-HOUSE wanted by competent, hon-
orable couple; will rent or buy on install-
ments. Box 4370, Call office.
MODERN house in rood locality: about 10
room*; no email children. Box 440S. Call.
HYPXOTIS3H.
VITAL raagnetlEm combined with suggestive
therapeutics is creating the marvelous cures
of the century: free pamphlet. The Great
"Western Institute of Healing, 1206 Market St..
rooms IS and 20. '
INSTAXTAXEOCS WATER HEATER-
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire iu range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; Bold on installments;
oall and see it in operation. RIBBON
AVATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AXD FOL'XD.
LO?T— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
r.am* of AGNES BEND: No. 248-740. The
finder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD— Lost. July 4. gold locket: A. O.
V. YV. . anchor and shield on face; tablet in-
Fide; monogram J. Q. on back. Return to
JOHN QUINTOX. 10 Chattanooga Et.
to REWARD— Lost, certificate of deposit No.
13&.019 ifsued by Wells-Farjro Bank favor WM.
F. HOWARD for $2£0; payment has been
ytnpped. Return to Cosmopolitan Hotel; no
questions asked.
LOST— $50 reward; a diamond sunburst at
Twhau'e Tavern or Ellis et. to Market, to
Third, to Grand Opera-house. JOHN MOR-
RISSEY, Orpheum.
LOST— A pair of gold eyeglasses; liberal re-
ward. Addrees box 4373, Call office..
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of OLIVER McNORTON or FLOR-
ENCE McNORTON; No. 172-C71; the finder
will please return to bank.
LOST — A ppecial pair of eyeglasses on July 4,
coming from Buchanan and Ellis Ets. to
Rausch and Folsom Bts.. on cars. Finder
please bring them to 35 Rausch 6t. reward.
LIBERAL reward for the return of pocketbook
lost July 4; contains papers of importance only
to owner, R. R. tickets; also money. G. A.
YBERRI, California Hotel.
LOST — White bull terrier dog: long ears and
long tail. Return to 111 Eddy Et. and receive
reward.
STRAYED— July 1, a large tiger-striped male
cat from rear of 1012 Geary St.; reward if re-
turned.
LOST— Female Irish setter. Return to 2363
Pine Et; liberal reward.
LOST— $5 reward, liver-colored Irish water
spaniel. L. P. H. BOLANDER. 115 Main St.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
3IATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilised, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
tel. Bush 421.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1C23
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes. 5, 10 and 20 stamp
mills; 20 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail
motors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works;
6team and water power. J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont ct
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear Bt.
tO.OOO-GALLON redwood tank and frame; 3, 4
and 6 inch pipe; second hand. THOMPSON, 40
Main Et. ¦
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. SILVERMAN. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Fol-
Bom 1U1. :
yOR eale— Steel gasoline launch. 22 feet long.
9 feet beam. Address II., Postofflce box 2524.
San Francisco.
GAEOLIKE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st
A— 2. 8 AND 25 horsepower rasoline engines;
latest model. Address box 4375. Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cajes. A. B. BMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
AS3 63 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Prtoe Hatters. 330 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
FINE suits, flO; dress pants. $2 76. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 427 Montgomery at.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings for eale cheap;
no reasonable offer refused. 2400 Howard st
:D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. 6. White.- EU Mission.
SAFES— New and eecond-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
164 MAGIC lantern and moving picture xna-
chlne tS7 53. 108 Montgomery st.
ONE <-borsepower Covey engine; one 214-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN EAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento ' St.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BUTtKB. 1Z» Beale st ;
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined eafe. perfect order. 216 California Bt
GASOLINE engines. 2d-ha-nd. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epfftein, S38 Mission.
Gasoline cr distillate cntrines. new & 2d-hand;
all elzee; guaranteed. NEWELL. M Bluxome.
FIRST-cEaSS second-hand modern «nntnes and
bollem bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pio-
tures. BULLARD & ERECK, HI Post st.
We pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton et. -- - *
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, .
-# 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$27,600— Rents $207 per month; near :4th and
. Howard sts. ; splendid Investment, 'con-
sisting of three flats of 6, 6 and 5 rooms
and 2-story house of 12 roms on How-
ard st: and 6 fiats on rear street; lot 50x
" 155 feet; two frontages. . ' ¦¦; ¦-
$20,000— Near Golden Gate Park and renting for
$175 per month; 6 new flats of 7, 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; modern in every
' detail; lot 50x137:6 feet.' .
$9,000 — Green St., north side, near Powell: 3
¦ ... modern flats and rear house renting tor
$70 per month; lot 33:7x137:6 feet .
$8,600— vallejo 6t, close to Van Ness ave.; 3
modern flats of 6, 6- and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $S52 per annum;: brick
foundation and improvements in Al con-
dition;' lot 25x122:6 feet to rear street.
$3,000— Stockton st.. near California; 3 flats of
¦ 6, 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; all mod-
' em conveniences; in first-class condi-
tion; renting for $61 per month.
$7,000 — Jones st. : 3 modern flats of 7, 6 and' 6
rooms and bath each; 'renting for $640
. . per annum; lot 23x100 feet; choice, in-
• vestment. . ¦' .
$6,000— North side of Fulton st, near Fillmore;
house ¦ of 7 rooms ¦ and bath; bay-win-
dows, brick foundation and all modern '
conveniences; lot 27:6x137:6. . I
$5,000— Near 4th and Bryant sts. ; 5 front and 2 I
, rear flats; completely renovated and in I
splendid condition; renting for $34 per
" month; lot 30x80 feet; this is a snap.
$3,700 — Price reduced; Carmelita St., near Du-
boce Park: new and modern cottage of
5 rooms and bath; brick foundation;
street accepted; lot 25x05; easy terms>.
J3 ( 750— Near Third and Folsom sts.; 2 fine bay-
window 2-story houses renting as , 4 1
flats for $44 per month; a first-class bar- j
gain paying over 12V4 per cent net. 1
$3,600 — Clara-st. investment; improvements con-
Fist of 3 front and 2 rear flats of 3 and 1
4 rooms each; rented for $480 per annum; |
lot 25xS0 feet. . . .1
$3,250 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath on Steiner |
St., near Fell; fine lot, 27:6x110. I
$3,000 — In Mission warm belt, near 23d and ;
Howard Bts. ; residence of 7 rooms and j
bath; improvements' cost over $3000 a
• ' .few years ago.
Choice list of building lots in all parts of the
city. Call and obtain one of our Real Estate)
Records New pocket map of San Francisco I
City, 25 cents. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
21S-220 Montgomery Street.
WALNUT-ST. LOT/
$2,000— Best buy in the Preeidio Heights dis-
trict.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
$9,000 — Leavenworth St., near Clay; lot 30x100
feet.
CORNER, NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000— Lot 75x125 feet; good Improvements;
renting for $225; for full particulars call
at office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7,000— Clay st, near Baker; 2 modern flats; C
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 feet
front; a rare chance.
$23,Cob— Splendid business corner; close to City
Hall; transfer point; substantially im-
proved and in fine condition: rent $200 ,
per month; always ranted; large lot.
FIFTH STREET.
$4,000— Lot 2ExlOO feet, with good improve-
ments; front and rear house; rents $25;
mortgage $3000 can remain if desired.
FINE NEW RESIDENCE.
$6,£C0 — Waller st., near Masonic ave.: lot 25x
137:6 feet; 2 stories; brick foundation;
10 rooms and bath.
BIG BARGAIN.
$28,000— Northeast corner Sixth and Clementina
ets. ; lot 25x80:6 feet; two stores with 22
rooms above; rent $160.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY. |
$l,S50— Cost $4CO0; bay-wfhdow cottage of eix j
rooms, bath and basement; 3649 Twen- >
ty-flrst st., between Church and San-
chez; lot 60x114 feet; a great chance to
get a house.
MARINE VIEW— BROADWAY.
$14,000— North side of Broadway, near La-
guna; residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 32:6x137:6 feet, with unobstructed
marine view.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
$20,000— First floor. llvln*r-ioom, finished in
Spanish cedar, dining-room in oak.
kitchen and butler's pantry; second
floor, five bedrooms and bath, porcelain
tub: attic, four bedrooms and bath, un-
finished attic for trunks; basement floor
concrete; two finished rooms; laundry, .
wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOT.
$1,800 — North line, near Laurel st.; lot 25x100
feet; street work all done: very good
neighborhood.
PAGE-ST. CORNER. :'
$16,000— New flats; rents $142 50 monthly; a very
good investment: 6 tenants In all; lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can
be increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$15,000— Two-story building; rents $110; a fore-
closure sale.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
$8,500 — Northeast corner Central ave. and Clay
st; lot 60x100. feet. -
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
$22,500— O'Farrell st., near Hyde: two houses;
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; a posi-
tive banrain and must be sold.
VAN NESS, NEAR PACIFIC— •
$8,50O-rVan Ness ave. residence; bargain: lot
alone worth the price: contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific ave. ; lot 25x100
feet:
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7,000— Rents $92 ner month; south of Mar-"
ket st.', between Third and Fourth; call
at our office for full description.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, ~~ ~~~~~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, P.ents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
, C24 Market st. !
$20,000— Choice lot on the north line of How-
ard et.. close to Steuart; size 45:10x137:6 feet.
- $350 per front foot — 3 choice lots on the north
side of Pacific ave.; size 40-47:6-50 feet front-
age by 137:6 feet in depth; these lots are on
the choicest part of Pacific ave.
$85C0— 3 choice flats on Jackson St.. near
Broderlck St.: 6-7-S rooms and bath; rents $S0
per month; lot 25x137:8% feet.".
$8000—2 nice flats on Frederick St., near Ash-
bury st., of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; open
plumbing: rents $70 per month.
$7000—2 choice flats on Buchanan st., near
Sutter st., of 6 and 7 rooms nnd bath; rents
?56 per month.
$6700— Nice 9-room house on Leavenworth at.,
near Washington; rents $45 per month.
$4250— Nice residence on Stanyan st. of 8
rooms and bath: modern in' every respect; lot
25x100 feet; fine view.
$3100— Choice lot on Califrrnia St.; size 25x
127 feet; on north side of street; street bitum-
inized; cars pa63 the door; side sewer; lot
ready to build on./
$1900— Choice lot -'on "Waller St., near Park:
sixe 2,'xlGO feet.
$1800— Choice cottaee on • Fifth • ave., near
Point LoboB ave.; 4 rooms and bath; solid
cement foundation; built one year.
Further particulars i of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
GET MARRIED AND BUY A HOME.
S4000 each— 2 new houses; 7 rooms and bath;
everything up to date; big lot: Castro, not far
from Market st. ; will be finished in 2 weeks.
$2600 — House of 7 rooms and bath; sunny side
of street; 25x75; near Third St.; any one's
bargain. '
$30C0— House, 9 rooms and bath: stable for
six horses; lot 50x134; mortgage of $2100 can re-
main; buy, now is your time.
$8500— Corner lot. 55x80; 3 stores", 3 flats; rent
$S0; building good as new;, a bargain. •
$5250— Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms; good as
new: on sunny side; rents $45; ICO feet from
Third. __
$l£fjO— Cottape. 5 rooms and bath: lot 25x100;
mortgage of $G0O can remain; see it.
House, 30 rooms and baths; rent $80; lot 25x
75; 100 feet from Sixth st., near Market. |
HEALY & GILLESPIE. Real Estate Brokers
and Rent Collectors, 630 Market at,. opposite
Palace Hotel.
HAWKS & SKELTON. v
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property. . • ,
$3000— Home in Mission warm belt: San Car-
los, ave., near Mission and Twentieth; 7 rooms
and bath;, street bituminized; sidewalk con-
•40G0 — Green, close tovHyde-st. cars; nice home
of 7 rooms: fine view of bay. ..
. Choice lots; Hyd? and Francisco; 15 minutes
from our office; superb view of bay; corner; 35x
112 $3500: inside lots, $1750. - - . . . •' ; ¦-¦ .; . •„¦».
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut St., west of
Hyde: 27:6x110; fine view of bay. ¦ ,¦' • .. •
$1500— Cheap lot;. Russell, near Hyde and
Union; 49x60; will pay well if improved; make
an^ offer. :, ; »;- ',-.... _I ' ' ¦'¦•¦ ."'¦' '
$1500— Lot on north side Fulton, near First
ave.: facind Dark: on car line. :
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st. .
$2750— A CHOICE home; 5, rooms and bath; 323
. Buena-Vista ave.. fronting Buena Vista Park,
off Hatght st, with a grand and unobstructed
view, of the city and bay; terms, cash, bal-
ance on time; must be seen to be appreciated.'
'•' Owner. . . ¦¦ . ¦. -.• ¦¦';-.-¦. -, ¦< ¦-¦--.-.
LOT 25x125,' on Belcher st, near Fourteenth and
Market;- price $1300; halt; cash. Owner,: 3980
Nineteenth st. . .- I
REAL ESTATE-r-CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, . *
• . •_ ¦ . 10 Montgomery st.
- park' lodge corner.
Park. Park.
Stanyan Street. '
100 I
• O
p-
: ' _ ft ¦ ' *t
O 6J
=> CO -I
. ". ¦ ' rt
Price Only $15,000.
Size 100x100.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT CORNER.
Price $30.CO0 — Rents $4104.
Corner store and flat above and 11 residences;
always rented and' in first-class repair; full 50-
vara lot; vicinity of Sutter and Larkin sts.
' BUSH-STREET INVESTMENT.
• Large residence of 12 rooms and bath on Bush
st., near Jones; exceptionally well laid out; to
be converted into 3 flats at expense of less than
$3000; total cost $16,000; would rent for $175 per
month; lot 30x137:6.
$8500— RENTS $84. . :
Splendid McAHtster-st. ¦ improved property In
vicinity of Octavia; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
pays a splendid interest.
' PRICE $2iOO— CORNER COTTAGE.
Cottage houfie of 5 rooms, with lot 25x70, on
a corner on Pine st. ; lot worth the money.
PRICE $2400— RENTS $34.
Must be sold to close up an estate; Improved
property on Harrison st. ; lot 25x125 to rear
street ; a snap for some one. .
$6000— CORNER FLATS. RENTS $64.
Can arrange to have $45CO of purchase price
remain at 6 per cent if desired; this investment
will net 2 per cent per month.
Three elegant corner sunny flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; extra' wide frontage; sun
In every room; natural wood mantels; porce-
lain tubs. Go out and see them to-day, south-
east corner Sanchez and Clipper sts.
NEW COTTAGE— $500 CASH.
Eastlake,: modern, just finished, containing 6
rooms, bath and high basement, mantel, wash-
trays, etc.; Mission warm belt; price reason-
able; terms very easy; Clipper st, near San-
chez.
$5200— REDUCED FROM $6000.
Two modern flats, with 6 rooms and bath
each; high basement; owner compelled to sell;
Oak st., near Buchanan.
$6300— RENTS $56.
Vicinity of Filbert and Mason sts.; lot 23x120
to Valparaiso st. ; 3 separate Hats and house of
6 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st..
Offer Installment Lots,
$300 to $500 Each.
Kansas, Eighteenth. Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth sts.; near Union Iron Works; immediate
possession given on payment of $50 cash; bal-
ance payable $10 per month; you can build at
once: diagram at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
Choice Sunset installment lots and new cot-
tages just finished on easy terms; prices mod-
erate; payments only $10 per month; lots level;
on official grade; streets macadamized; gas,
water and mail service; 19th-ave. boulevard:
H st. and Park entrance; also 8th, 9th and 10th
aves. Call at branch office, corner of H st.
and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate Park;
open every day, Sundays and holidays.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Northwest corner; good location; broadside on
to the sun; 10 rooms; only $7500.
A FINE CORNER.
Near Market st. ; store and 3 flats; all In
first-class repair; sanitary plumbing; alwayd
rented for $103 monthly; price $15,000.
MINNA, NEAR SIXTH STREET.
Rents $63; price $6000; Income property, flats
and coal yard; all rented. ...
BUCHANAN STREET.
Fine large residence on' Buchanan street,
near Sacramento; very sunny lot; price $15,OC0.
MARINE VIEW.
Lot on north side of Vallejo St., between Scott
and Devisadero; splendid uninterrupted view;
only $5500. • -.
. WASHINGTON.. NEAR VAN. NESS AVE.
Fine old residence; could be easily turned into
fine paying flats; large lot; price $S5uO.
SHOTWELL STREET.
Six-room cottage in the warm belt, near
Twenty-second street; price $2750; $1500 mort-
gage can stand.
-¦''' CHEAP LOTS.
The cheapest lots in the Presidio Heights,
Clay st. ; only $60 per front foot.
ON EASY TERMS.
Nine lots at corner of Twenty-fifth and Ne-
braska sts.; low prices.
Send for List of Mission cottages.
Houses buiit to suit on any lot.
McAFEE. BROTHERS,
1C8 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Union st., near Taylor: 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 60.
$11.000— Corner Folsom and .Erie sts.; 30x143; 3
flats; rents ?78.
$10, 0CO— O'Farrell St., near Larkin; 25x120 to
rear street; house of 10 rooms.
$S0CO— Pacific St., near Powell; 40x60; store
and 2 flats;' rents $69.
}7Cno — Folsom St.. near Fourth; store and flat;
rents $G3;, 25x80.
$5500— Buchanan St., near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Francisco; 70
x87:6; 2-story residence of 11 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Leavenworth, near Union;' 25x112:6; 3
new flats: rents $41.
$5000— Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway,
cottage and 2 flats;. rents $41.
$1500— Guerrero st., near Twenty-fifth; 24:6x
125: house of 8 rooms and bath. •
$3750 — Pine St., near .Buchanan; 25x110; house
of 7 rooms.
$3500— Harriet st, near Bryant; 25x73; 3-story
building; rents $37.
$3500— Lyon, near Sutter. 25x119:3; house of 8
rooms.
$3350— Clementina St., near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.-
UNIMPROVED.
$5300— Greenwich st, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
J5000— Capp. near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
J4S00— Union St.. near Webster; 68:9x137:6.
Corner 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$35CC— Fulton st, near Fillmore; 32:6x137.6.
$3000— Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$25CO— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
. $1100— Francisco, near Leavenworth: 25x102.
400 lots, $.200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes. ' ¦
CONTRACT let for new six-room house on 23d
street, Heyman tract: plan at office; also con-
tract let for two-room and bath cottages on
Lundy Lane, near c&rhouse.
$750— Only two lots left fronting the Ocean
Boulevard, bet. J and K sts.; street graded
ready for building; lets fronting the lake In
Chicago are selling for. $10,000. • .
$T50— Level corner lot. Arlington and Mateo
Bts.; traded and sewered. .
$750 Corner K and 12th ave.. Sunset District,
25xl?0; opposite Park music stand.. . ,.
Elmhurst Station— Acreage ground to sell in
the Alvin tract, cheap, good for chicken ranch;
also 3-rocm house and 2 lots very cheap.
$150 — Lots fronting Sap. Jose a\-e.- and • San
Matfco electric cars. - '
$100— Lots; ¦ Excelsior Homestead, near Mis-
sion-st cars.
$123— Lots near 29th and Mission Ets.
$250 Lots; 29th, near Diamond St.; near 29th-
st. electric cars. - "•
$35n--50xlC0 corner In Ocean View; street
graded. ¦ • . • •
Park lots, south side, WO, 5150 and upwards;
the comins property. .
To let'nr for sale — 2-story house, 8 rooms and
bath; balcony overlooking the ocean; near
Ocean Boulevard. 4Sth ave. and J st. ; key groc-
ery store; tents to rent near boulevard.
$3(i— Lots; Abbey Homestead, corner; $75; near
San Me.te electric car?. .
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
Rent Department — Large office to let, 117 Sut-
ter St.; with large front window. ¦ . ¦
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
$16,500—75 ft. on Mission st and Impts. for
factory: rent3 $112: bargain. \
' $4850— Stylioh ¦ new flats, 4 and- 5 rocms;
' every room sunny; rents $40; on Twenty-
third ht. a ¦ „ • ¦: "¦
$12,000— Stylish new flats; Hayes st; fine lo-
.. cation; rents $115.
;' $3760—2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms; Baker St.;
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
Et. and Eighth ave. ; rents $30.
PARK LOTS— $£C0 AND UPWARD.
• $825 Lots— Sunset Heights — Lots $S5B. .
• On' Installments; Eleventh ave., between H
and I, sts., near entrance Park music stand;
cars pass property.
$3000 Houses— Easy terms— Houses, $3250: on
above block, 6 and 7 rooms™ bath, etc. ; plans
!h£A? E. 6 ' BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery St..
.room 11;. branch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
SELECTyour lot anywhere,' we will buy It for
- you, erect a house to suit and sell it to you
"on very easy , terms. THE MCCARTHY. CO.,
'646 Market St.. . . . ,, t '. ' •.
LOT on Fifth ave., Richmond, 50x120 feet. 'Ad-
dress box C, ' Call branch office, 108 11th st
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.. • ¦
638 Market- Street
$16,000— Downtown Investment— Near Ellis and
Leavenworth: 8 flats in Al condition ; always
rented ¦ at $1572 per annum; S3 feet frontage;
cement walk; bituminized street.
$11,250— Western Addition Flats— Three ele-
gant modern up-to-date flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; on the north side of Sutter St.;
rents $1200 per annum; lot 25:4x137:6 feet.
$8500— On Webster St., near Geary— Two mod-
ern substantial well-built flats of 6-9 rooms and
porcelain bath; rents $720 per annum.
$4500— Pacific Heights Residence— Nice sub-
stantial well-built house of 7 rooms and bath;
large . basement; excellent marine, view; best
portion; bituminized street; cement sidewalk.
$3000— On any Terms— Cozy home of 7 rooms
and bath; modern in every respect; elegantly
decorated; near Van Ness ave.
$2300— South of Market Investment— Two well-
built flats of 4-3 rooms; near Ninth and Harrl-
6on sts.; pays $264 per annum.
$2000— Cozy Mission Home— Nice appearing cot-
tage of 4 rooms and basement; sun and light
all around; lot 25x100 feet
$21,000— Western Addition Block at a Bargain
—412x275 feet; 38 building lots; will consider
trade; can arrange very liberal terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
_ 633 Market Street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
BARGAINS. SNAPS
ESTATES. FORECLOSURES.
ALL MUST BE SOLD.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
[ TUESDAY, July 16. 1901.
At Our Salesroom, 12 O'clock M.
... 638 Market St.
DOWN TOWN. INVESTMENT.
South side (625) Post st., 30:2 feet west of
William; two stores and two flats. 7 rooms
and bath each; rents $107 50 per month; lot
-8x70 feet.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
North side (2408) Washington st. 93 feet west
of Webster; elegant residence. 9 rooms and
bath; modern in every respect and all material
of the finest; lot 25x82:4% feet.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Southwest corner- (1223) Webster and Ellis
sts. ; two stores and 6 rooms, 2 flats 6-3 rooms
and bath each; rents $1140 per annum; three
frontages; lot 37:6x87:6 feet.
. ELLIS STREET INVESTMENT.
South side (1253) E1113 St.. 192:6 feet west of
Octavia, through to Willow ave.; house 6
roomo and two rear houses 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $54 per month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
South side (1815) Broadway. 153 feet -west of
Gough st.; modern residence 14 rooms and bath;
lot 42:9x120 feet; porcelain bath; stationary
washstands in every room; cement wash trays,
etc;; newly painted and tinted throughout.
SACRAMENTO STREET CORNER.
Southwest corner Sacramento st. and Pros-
pect place: lot 30x46 feet; house 8 rooms; rents
$12 a month.
SHIPLEY STREET FLATS.
North side (220) Shipley St.. 150 feet west of
Fifth; 'two flats. 4 rooms and bath each and
rear house 3 rooms; rents $25 per month; al-
ways rented; lot 25x75 feet.
¦ v f zzz
HARRIET STREET INVESTMENT.
East sMe (Nos. 419 to 423) Harriet St.. 100 feet
south of Brannan; two front houses, 16-8 rooms
and rear house 6 rooms; rents $624 per annum;
lot 50x80 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Estate of James McCarty. deceased.
Southeast side (211) Shipley st. 91:8 feet west
Fifth; houce 8 rooms; under instructions
from the executors must be sold; lot 16:8x75
feet.
FORECLOSURE SALE-.
East side (51) Chattanooga St.. 234 feet north
of Twenty-second : a cozy cottage of 5 room*
and bath: Mission warm belt; rents $12 per
month; lot 25x123 feet.
For further particulars, ' terms of sale, etc.,
procure cataloeru^s at otir office and on the
property. EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
$2,c00 — Any reasonable offer will be accepted;
Seventh St., near Bryant;* 2 small stores;
lot 25x55.
$7,750— Rents $73; Powell st.; lot 40x87:6 feet;
' stores and rooming-house above.
$10,500 — Choice business property In the Mission,
on main st. ; large lot, 60x125 feet; stores
and flat above; also portion of lot unim-
proved; total rents, $S9.
$5,500— Fine modern residence on Scott St., not
far from Sutter; 8 rooms and bath;
pleasantly situated.
$6,500— Sutter-st. flats; 6 and 7 rooms; rents
..very low, $50; could easily be raised; lot
25x110. ,
$7,800 — Rents $79 50: Gnrve St., near Laguna;
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; also
flats on small street; lot 25x120; double
frontage; great bargain; see It at once.
$26,000 — Rents $2400 per annum; fine corner on
Devisadero fit. ; building • contains 3
stores and 5 flats.
$9,000— Folsom et., near Sixth; rent $76: 3-
story building containing etore, flats and
rear tenements.
$7,500— Washington St., near Fillmore; fine
modern residence containing 10 rooms,
¦ bath, etc.; house in splendid repair; fine
location: always rented for $60.
$4,100— Rent $41; store and two flats; on Fran-
cisco st; good building; always rented.
$4,500— Rent $45; Turk st, near Steiner; lot
25x137:6: improvements good: this is a
good buy.
$17,000— Rent $175: handsome new building;
contains 3 flats of 8 rooms and larse re-
ception hall; lot 35x137:6: fine light and
sun: grand view; very best portion of
Pacific Heiehts.
$11,OCK) — Rent $105; brand new flats east of Van
• Ness ave.; 3 flats of 7 rooms, etc., each:
large lot: best Investment on the market.
LTON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
INGLESIDE.
$l,£00 — Modern house of 6 rooms and bath; fine
view of ocean; free water; one block
¦ from car line; monthly payment, $22 40;
no payment down.
$6,000 — Beautiful modern residence of 8 rooms
and bath; conservatory: stable and other
buildings: lawn; flowers and shrubbery:
lot* 100x122 feet; small payment down;
balance monthly.
SUNNYSIDE.
$1,000 — House of 7 rooms and bath; no payment
¦ down; $14 per month will buy It; this is
a rare opportunity.
$1,250— Desirable home of 6 rooms and bath; no
payment down; monthly payment is
?17 50.
$1,200 — Two-story frame building; upstairs 6-
room flat; first floor rented steady at $8
per month; $100 down, balance $15 40 per
month. The income from this property
will nearly pay for it
$2,0C0— No. 3508 Mission St., store In front, with
¦ living rooms !n rear. v
All the above properties were taken by
¦ mortgage foreclosure and are bargains.
- A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome St., S. F.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
20 Montgomery st Room U.
$16,500—75 ft. on Mission st. and impts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
\ $4850— Stylish ¦ new flats, 4 and 5 rooms;
every room sunny; . rents $40; on Twenty-
third st.
$12,000— Stylish new flats; Hayes st; fine lo-
cation; rents $115.
S3750— 2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms; Baker St.;
rents $41. , -
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
st and Eighth ave.; rents $30. '
PARK LOTS— $500 AND UPWARD. .
. ~ $82S Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $853.
On installments; Eleventh ave.. between H
and I sts., near entrance Park music stand;
cars pass property.
$3C00 Houses — Easy terms— Houses, $3250; on
above block. 6 and 7 roomg. bath, etc.; plans
at office. . - •
~A.E. BUCKINGHAM, 28 Montgomery st.
room 11; branch office. Sunset, 1213 Ninth ave.
$6500— TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny 10- room residence : substan-
tially built and finished by day work; every
possible latest improvement; heaters, regis-
ters, 6 basins, plate and art glass windows,
etc; marine and park view; the choicest of
any near panhandle: large lot, 28:6x100; Ful-
. ton st. .near Shrader: : Hayes or McAllister
st. cars; open from 11 to 5.
FOR sale as a whole or in subdivisions; so-'
vara lot; south line Union St.; 137:8 feet tut
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pie.-ce sts., 103:6x137:6 "feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
;.,S24 Montgomery st. . v ¦• .
NEW cor. house; 5 rms., bath, basement; $2200;
Installment $15 mo. 1337 Montgomery ave.
FOR sale— New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union St. 3022 Pierce. st.
A' BRANCH office fgx Call advertisements and
'. ¦ subscriptions has been establlshel at 1091
Valencia it. ¦ ..... 'i '""Z-aStSt
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
HKADQUAHTERS FOR* PARK LOTS.
Bargains In Sunset See them at once.
Sunset Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
$500 to $900 each— Graded and sewered; build-
Ing up fast; superb view of park and ocean;
fid monthly. . .
$1CO, $150. S200 to $350— Choicest ocean boule-
vard lots. . ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$75. $'1CO to $250— Level lot* near Misston-st.
cars: splendid bargains, for choice bomti; $5
monthl".
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
$400 to $800— We never fall to suit; on choio-
est streets: on very easy terms.
$1000. $1350. $2000 to $3500— Elegant cottagea la
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts; all
bargains; on Installments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR sale— Santa Clara County;. an estate con-
sisting of nearly 1000 acres, with the best
improvements found anywhere on farms in
California and most beautifully located: th<*
climate is unsurpassed and entirely free from
Injurious frosts, where oranges and lemons
are grown successfully; a large vineyard and
orchard are part of the property, and tht»
?lne« being' largely on roots resistant to
phylloxera they are safe from destruction by
this pest; the crop now on vines and trees is
variously estimated aa worth from 140,000 to
$50,000; the dwelling is large and modern,
with a perfect sewer system. 3 baths, gas and
water: grounds are elaborate and appropriate
to the location; cellars of stone with 300.000)
gallons of cooperage; possession will be given
when the crop is harvested or sooner by spe-
cial agreement; it is a gentleman's place and
at the same time an investment that will pay
25 per cent on the price asked and will bear
the most searching investigation. For par-
ticulars address the owner, box 4371, Call.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St
$700—10 acres near Grass Valley, Nevada Co.:
12 acres under cultivation; fenced; good
buildings; this is a good cheap home.
$475 — l\i acres at Ben Lomond, Santa Cra*
Co.; all cleared; fruit trees; house and
barn.
$2,000—160 acres near Orovllle; 80 acres under
cultivation: all fenced; house; good barn;
3 outbuildings; 1&00 peach, pear, apple
and plum trees; well watered.
$2,175—20 acres at Brentwood; 2000 almond trees;
small family orchard; gc>od house, barn
and chicken houses; well watered.
2i'4 acres adjoining Hay wards: nearly
all out In full bearing; choicest variety
and most profitable kinds of fruit; splen-
did improvements; will be sold at a bar-
gain; write or call for particulars.
R. S. BROWNE, Mgr. Country Dept.
TWO farms of 480 acres each can be bought
separate or in one; all No. 1 farming land: no
waste land; free from drought or overflow;
fine water; three good wells and living water
on each ranch; good one-story dwelling, itwo
large barns, blacksmith shop and other out-
houses on each place; large shade trees,
orange trees in bearing; a few apple trees, a
fine assortment of roses and flowers; each
place fenced In three fields; ten miles from
Marysville. twr> miles from R. R. station, one-
half mile from school; good roads and good]
neighbors. For particulars address W. B.
FILCHER. box 486. Marysville, Yuba Co.. CaU
tCCOO— A GREAT bargain; 100 acres: a profitable
and beautiful home farm on side hill, 1 mils
from Calistoga. on county road: 10 acres in
fruit, all in bearing: 7 acres new vineyard:
good soil: well timbered: pasture and crop
• land; beautiful view; improvements first
class; house 6 rooms and bath, in splendid
condition; barn and outhouses: water from
springs piped to house and grounds; all farm-
ing implements and tools, wagons, etc.; good
reasons for immediate sale. AddreS3 MRS.
A. MARTIN. Calistosa, Cal.'
FOR SALE.
BARGAIN IN SUBURBAN HOME.
Brand new. artistic 2-story and basement
house of 8 rooms, porcelain bath, furnace, etc.,
in Ross Valley, at San Anselmo. with magnl-
¦ flcent view of Mounty Tamalpals; only 5 min-
I utes' walk from station: lot 100x221; price only
i $35C0. Apply to O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 23
j Montgomery St., or to station master at San
Anselmo. -
I THE Meiea Tract at Belmont.
I Containing over SCO acres, with many beantl-
! ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees-
j and commanding grand view, within one hour
of the city; in subdivision; price only $75 per
acre and up.
For further particulars address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
1C8 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
$4CC0— ALAMEDA residence; choice location:
pays 6 per cent net: want grain or orchard
! land in exchange. W. G. GRIFFITH, room*
311-312 Hearst uildlng.
! 5 ACRES at a bargain: near San Leandro car
line; easy terms. HENSLEY A GREEN.
I- room 14. fifth floor. Mills building.
LAKE County ranch for sale; 160 acres: fln«
crop of grain; plenty wood, water: near Clear
Lake. Address J. P. CRANE, Kelseyville.
5 ACRES rich level land on San Pablo ave., 3
miles from Berkeley: low price; easy terms.
McEWEN BROS., 113 Montgomery st.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Uklah. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
[ free list. C. R. WINFIELP. Petalrana. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange — The grandest stock ranch in
California; 7650 acres deeded land, well
fenced; good house, barns, blacksmith shop;
400 acres river bench land divided into small
field; daily mail: stage read rounds the ranch
for 4 miles: too much personal property toenu-
j merate: 150 young cows. 63 three-year-olds, 94
two-year-olds. 125 yearlings, 150 calves, 17
I bulls, SO hogs; saddle horses, mules, chickens.
j turkeys, etc., etc.; $5 an acre, including
i thousands of dollar3 worth of personal prop-
! erty: stock at market price: want income
I San Francisco property: will give cash dlf-
i ference, or accept cash dlference: particulars
at ofllce. MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market st.
i WISH to exchange good real estate in San
I Jose: well Improved; 5 50-varas. with large
I bearing trees, all kinds of fruit; price $10,000;
! for. San Francisco property. Box 4313, Call.
j nEAL ESTATE WASTED.
I WANT to buy flats from $2500 to $8000; spot
cash if cheap; give full particulars. Box
4353, Call office.
.ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
i __^_ .. . i-,,-,,-,^-.,, , r ,_, , , -,i-i i-^raj- 1- -i t
HERE i* a chanca_to get property cheap.
Great Reductions In Real Estate.
Soms exceptionally good values offered.
$430— Fine lot; near Morton-st. station; a snap.
$600— Large lot, 50x150; good location; sacri-
ficed.
jiooo — Good 4-room colonial cottage and bath;
1 lot 25x70.
I $1500— Nice 5-roem cottage and large lot
$2500— A fine 6- room new modern house; best
• location; a great bargain; see this property.
$3150— An elegant 7-room house; lot 50x150; tha
greatest bargain in Alameda; near Morton-st.
nation.
Other bargains: easy terms; foreclosure prices.
See us at once, if you desire to secure a
home. We guarantee to save you money.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.-
ALAMEDA LAJJD CO*Y. 1500 Park St.. Ala-
meda. Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for lnvest-
I ors and house-seekers on easy terms or ex-
I change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; IS
" rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak. birdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot.XSxlTO feet
A. R. DENKE.
. Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; handsomely furnished; in
select locality; rent $50; for rent from 6 to 13
months. B. D. JUDD & CO., 1421 Park st.
Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A^BARGADl- $550o] ~~
Lot 100x130. worth $40 per foot; improvements
on same cost $4500; In best part of Berkeley,
north of Dwigbt way and east of Shattuck
ave. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2108 Shattudt
ave.. Berkeley.
$1200 — A FINE corner en Shattuck ave.; lOOxlOOt
street work done. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 21C3
Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1400— HOUSE of S rooms, bath: corner lot: 45x
125; small stable and chicken house; term*
easy. LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2108 Shattuck
ave., Berkeley.
TO EXCHANGE. 1 — —
A good home in Berkeley of 7 rooms and
bath; lot 125x270: fruit trees and berries; to
exchange for a ranch within 100 miles of San.
Francisco. LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2108 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley. '
GROCERY store In Berkeley; stock and fix-
tures at invoice. LITTLE & WOOLSEY. £0*
Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1350— SEE this neat cozy cottage; new; J
rooms and bath, pantry, etc.; tinted walls,
brick mantel; china closet; brick foun-
dation: hot and cold water; convenient to
train and cars: $1100 cash.. $16 per month; a
snap. H. D. IRWIN. Lorln station.
$2000 — NEW house; Just completing: 7 rooms and
bath; large hall; pantry, laundry, etc.; mod-
ern and complete in all details; lot 60x100;
close to Ashby station: a fine bargain. H. D.
, .IRWIN; Lorln station. ___^
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pago Tbirtj,
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
STAMPS, unused bank checks with 2o imprint.
bought. Room 1008. Call building.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
tklrts. street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom «22.
MEDICAL..
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal: all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed, dr. G. W. O'DOXNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea, #
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual orerans; treat youiself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment $4;
maternity home: bust developer; send stamp
for, circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A. TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
' relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. and Mrs. Davies, 1228 Market; our regula-
tor Is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health end happiness to thousands of
anxious. 6Uffering and despondent women;
office treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office: any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEX. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
pkln diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MIXES AX V^MtKJTiG.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER-COAL— COKE.
. "Under One Roof."
It is only a question of time till many of the
readers of these advertisements who have not
already done so Inform themselves concerning
the merits of the Montezuma Mining Com-
pany's shares. Sales increase in proportion to
the advance in price.
Price now— 15e cash; 17c on installments.
Prlc«j after August 1— 18c cash: 21c on install-
ments.
Ask tf>r prospectus and learn what these
shares offer as an investment
THE AME'rICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents.
310 Safe Deposit bldg., San Francisco.
FOR sale— 500 acres of the richest gravel in the
State; timber and water in abundance; ex-
pert's report and result of short run of 2
men can be seen and full particulars. T. J.
MAY. 638 Market. In Easton. Eldridge & Co.
MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN, 54 Montgomery et.. room 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market St..
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
D7 YOUR PROPERTY ~~
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
HIGHLY respectable, private ". place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 9J6 Market
et; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery Bt., r.,1.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy et.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required- S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 60? Examiner building.
j*2£Sy_J^?JES5:
OWNERS of real estate and plant want to en-
large and Incorporate on account of Increase
of business. Parties with from five to ten
thousand dollars or more wanted; thorough In-
vestigation solicited; principals only need ap-
ply. Box 4374. Call. *
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
A FACT worth remembering— that we are offer-
ing you 20 and SO per cent discount on all
pianos purchased this month from us; we
sell not only pianos but the Olympic music
boxes on easy payments; you have this ad-
vantage if you trade with us— we do not take
away the instrument if you are not able to
pay regularly; we don't do business that way;
come and see us pnd get prices and terms.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Mar-
ket et
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
vts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st,
op. Mason (branch 951 Oakland).
Eteck, Everett Hardman, Ludwig, Packard
and other high-grade pianos. ' \
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knaba at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St. ; established '1850.
A LIST of fine s«t:ond-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet *: Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & RON, 16 O'Farrell st,
Chickerlng, Vose. Sterling Agency; als»o
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; -we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
FOR SALE— Account of departure for one-third
value, standard upright piano; fine carved
case- as sood as new. 3009 Sixteenth st.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out nale of Ftorage pianos
nt your own price: K Installments; no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st
BARGAINS— Halnes, $290;. Kramer. $13S: NIpu-
mann $140: Cable, $175. W. C. HAMILTON,
g Flood bullolng.
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
and Inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY,
808 Post «t. ¦ .
Keeffe's, 314 Post — Bargains this wk. ; Shonin-
ger, Schubert Behnlng: and Schumann pianos.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher $95,
Chlckering $185. Room , 38. 217 Geary st.
ELEGANT standard upright piano; little used;
party. leaving city: sacrifice. 782 Ellis st.
¦GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st ¦ " '
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights $300;^ pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
$80 — FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. . FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
-for sala cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
MUSICAL IX STRUMEyTS-— Con.^_
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster st. . -¦ ¦ .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer.- 2 Latham place.
MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for IS
years; fine Swiss anJ American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market et.. bet. 3d and 4th.
. south side; thoroughly understands his busl-
ness and the right party to deal with.
PROPERTY WASTED.
IN suburbs of Berkeley, east of Shattuck ave.,
2 or 3 lots; fair lmDrovements; house, 5 or 6
rooms; must be reasonable for cash; describe
fully and price. Address C. W. M., box 278,
San Leandro.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to '
build a home; state price and location of lot.
Box 4414. Call office. .
HAVE you vacant property for sale? I can
deal with you if price and location are right.
Box 4413. Call office. .
OFFICES A5D STORES TO LET.
OFFICE space to let, 630 Market st. Apply at •
MineogTaph office.
FOR rent— Cigar stand. Southwest corner of
Mason and Ellis sts. ,
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20. Emma
Spreckels building. »27 Market st.
OIL. . |
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
I districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Lest chance at 10c; big advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co., 826 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all i
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading: leopons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coart: 1 to 5. 3C6 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist 515
TnvW rt . *°t. O»arv nn<1 P.->st: t»I. Black SSI. i
- PAIXTKRS AXD DECORATORS.
nj^-_n_,.-^.n^.r.r^ - ¦ ¦ £..-- _^~~,
PAPER-HAXGING. house painting; good. rMl-
ablework. Clark's. SOS Larkin: tel. Larkin 1050.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $SOCO, to buy half in-
terest in producing oil wells: investigate; this
Is a snap. Box 4384, Call office.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. EUIp.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
' midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 50 names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
PERSONALS.
CUT THIS OUT! OUT THIS OUT!
FREE TREATMENT!!
This offer will not come again!!!
Cut it out!!!— —
Present It at the Parlors of the BOHEMIAN
DERMATOLOGICAL INSTITUTE, 3d floor,
room 3 (over Livingston' s).
Gray and faded hair restored
Falling hair. Dandruff and Eruptions Cured.
Hair grown on bald heads
Superfluous hair, moles, wrinkles, freckles
and- blemishes permanently removed; face
steaming and massage.
We use exclusively the Certus Company's
French Importations.
Special rates by week or month: consulta-
tions and samples free; hair shampooed ;. re-
fined lady specialist on hand to welcome you.
Phone Black 5240.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. O. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
partt of the world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
"Hotel. 44 Third St.; near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to SI SO per night; $1 50 to fo per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
j U WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
I Scotch $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
I Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
I ._ — _
j CAXCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
I no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. ' Cancer Institute. 121
West Forfy-recond st.. N. Y.
) ALL scalp and hair affections cured by use of
| special preparation to remove the cause: la-
dles' and gents' shampooing. E. R. DUN-
I LAP, 34 Kearny st^ «
i A MECHANIC, 31, wishes to correspond or
meet a domestic young lady; object matri-
' mony. Box, 4412, Call. , \
HANDSOME widow, worth $75,000. wants able,
honest husband. Address ERIE, 195 Wash-
| lngton et.. Chicago, 111.
! WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
j or double. %2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
ICO.. 1310-131? Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
| Kold. J. Silverman, 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1131.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught: nervous diseasea
cured. G. A. Esterberg, 141 Powell, rms. 3-4-5.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4*69 Hayes st. -
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
DIJ. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druselRtF.
KKAJNI^'ATK— £^ITV--^]OR!IALB.
MADISON & BURKE,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
C26 Market st, opp Palace Hotel.
Geary St.. inside Larkin; 60x137:15; partially
Improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street.
Cheap— O'Farrell St., near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only ?2&00.
$5500— Broadway, near Octavia st. ;.. 7 rooms
and bath;, a. nice home in choice section; lot
26x121.
Two flats — Clinton Park, near Dolores St.;
rent $340 per year; price only J350O.
J45C0— Twentieth Et, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,000 — Beautiful modern • house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
JS500— Pays $78 per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 21x127:6.
I $7500- Seventeenth st.. near Dolores; fiats;
well rented; 25x57:6.
$27jO — Corner Sanchez and Jersey sts.; lot 30
xlOO, with four-room house.
$2300 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath.
$2500- House and lot; Rondel place, near Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.; 22:2x84; rents $22.
JF3000 — Morris ave., near Bryant st. ; double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75.
$4500 — Folsom St.", near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16 each; total $32.
$5000— Post st., near Baker; lot and improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6, must be sold to
close estate.
JSOCO — Natoma St., cor. Ruse;" elegant Income
property; 25x75:
$6500— Pine et.. near Scott; two fiats; rents
$57 50; "lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with two flowing wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard St., bet. Fillmore and Steiner;
als'o lot 152x120 on Chestnut St.. In rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
rtsidence.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st, near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet St., near Howard; lot' 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $56.
$4000 — Leavenworth st., near Jackson; S rooms
and bath; 22:6x115.
$1950-rFlorida st; near Twenty-fifth; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
$16D0— MUST be sold; large lot, 128x70; making
5 lots: Prospect avi?., hear, Cortland; street
graded, sewered and macadamized. .
$1300-7The only lot; In the block; on. Chatta-
nooga, near 22nd; fine lot. \ ~ ¦ . .
$300— Cheap corner, on Prospect ave. •
$350 — Cheapest lot on Holly Park, - Crescent
ave.,. near Mission st. ' .
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$10 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
LEVEL LOTS.: PRICE $125. ¦'/>).
In Santa Fe, the new termlnaUcity at Point
Richmond. Terminus of. the Santa Fe R. R_
. ,' McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st. "
LOT 125x127, . on Jackson st, bet. . Spruce '. and
Maple. Apply 20 Willow ave.; no agents. - '.';RT1AT, ESTATE TBA1TSACTIONS.
Estate of James Collopy fby Hannah Collopy.
administratrix) to John Hart. loc on SE cor
ner of Point Lobos avenue and Cook street.
E 40 by S 125; $907.
Baker Estate Company (corporation) to "Wil
liam J. Dingee. lot on NE corner of Washing
ton and Franklin streets. N 167:S»4 by ES 124:3;
$10.
William J. Dingee to Virginia R. Dingee,
same;' gift.
' N. D. and Ella M. Hodge to Catherine S.
Lynch (wife of Daniel L.), lot on X line of
Hayes street. 137:6 W of Devlsadero, "W 23
by N 137:6; $3000.
John Coop and James W. Smith to James J.
Bolger, lot on E line of Cole street, 160 N of,
Frederick. N 25 by E 123; $10.
Mary E. Brady to Elvera M. Brady, lot on
S line of Fifteenth street. 135 "W of Noa, W 25
by S 115; gift.
Eliza J. Greer, Mary A. Matthews and Mag
gie R. >Young to Josephine Wohlar, lot on K
line of Twenty-third street, 100 B of Valencia.
E 25 by N 80; $10.
Augusta D. and Henry W. Ames to Bertha
A. Behlow, lot on KW line of Natoma street.
100 SW of Second, SW 40 by NW 81; also lot
on SE line of Minna street. 97:6 SW of Sec
ond. SW 40 by SE 69; $10.
Isabel Campbell • to Robert L. Toplita. re
record 1728 D. 135. lot on W line of Twenty-.
seventh avenue, ICO N" of L street. N SO by
W 120; $10.
Annie I.T Miller to Gay TV. Parsons, lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue. 100 8 of S street.
S 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of Forty-fifth,
avenue, 125 S of U street. S 25 by E 120- $10
Catherine Young Van Dyne> to ¦William E.
and Elizabeth Lapham, lot on W line of Shot
well street. 363:2 N of Preclta avenue. S 43:2.
W 116:8, N 60, E 119; also rest and residue of
piece described In 1380 D. 363. portions of lota
74 and 75. Preclta Valley lands, aa follows:
Lot on W line of Berna.1 street, 363:3 N of
Preclta avenue, S 43:2 by 116:8 in depth, and
60 on E side, portion of subdivision of lots 74
and '73. Preclta Valley lands; $10.
, Alameda County.
Clara Hare (wife of Q. A.) to Isaac a&d Mar
garet E. Copeland, lot on S line of Isabella
street, 53 W of San Pablo avenuei W 42 by 3
69:2%. portion of lots 3. 4 and 5 Gunn Tract.
Oakland; gift.
».i Cy , rll iS^ r) S? heln te> Pnl »PPe Krepper. lot 28.
block 2025. Whitcher Tract. Map t. Oakland: $3
Mary Heln. Laura Martin and John J. Ja
cobs to Charles Jacobs, lot J, block R, Kelsey
Tract, Oakland; $10.
George F. Foye (single) to Ida J. Brooke, lot
on SE corner of Lowell street and Central ave-
£ Ue ', S 2*0. E 39, N 266.68, W 120.68. to beginning,
block O. J. K. McElrath Tract. Oakland; $10.
James Longr and James McAllister (executors
of the estate of Nicholas Doran) to Mary Corea
i^ 1 ?-^* M)> lot on s llno ot 'WUHam street.
t 8: i!, W t_ o *J iVmowa ' S «>0:7% by W 23:3, portion
of block o02 Revised Map of Gibbons property.
v&Ki&nd; $600.
J. H. and Agnea A. Simpson to William Co
gan, lot on NW corner of. Grove and Brockhurst
streets N 32.69 by W 117:10. portion of block F
Map of property of Central Land Company!
Oakland: $10. *~-" j»
John B. Morrison to Henry A. and Catherine
er> lot on w llne of Cypress street. 123 N
of Third. N 26, W 317:10%. 8 26. B 317:ST4. to be
ginning, lots 21 and 34. block 472. Oakland; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta. Watklnson to "Wick-
» am ~i Iavena ' a11 Interest in lots 18 to 21. block
A. Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract,
Oakland; $10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to A. W. Nay-
J°X» allinterest in lot on S line of Parker street.
ITT: " W of Grove. W 40 by 3 130. being the B
<° 'jet of lot 8. block G. Crystal Springs Tract.
Berkeley; also lots 18 to- 20. block 7, Central
Park Tract. Berkeley; $1CO.
A. W. and R. S. Naylor to Allen Church, lot
on S line of Parker street. 122.15 W of Grov.
W 40 by S 130. being the E 40 feet of lot 8.
block G. Crystal Springs Tract. Berkeley: $10-
Mattle J. Shaw to A. W. Naylor. lots 8 and
». block L, Amended Map Newbury Tract.
Berkeley: also the 3 50 feet of lot 63, block 2>
Regent Street Homestead, Eerkeley: $10.
A. W. and R. S. Naylor to Mattle J. Shatr,
lot on N line of Dwlsiht Way. 230 E of Fulton
street. E 50 by N 133. block 4, College Home-
Stead, Berkeley: $100.
Annie R. Lora to A. A. D'Ancona. all Inter
est In lot on SW corner of Dwigbt way and
Dana street, S 50 by W 106:6, block A. Leonard
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleltner to Charles
P. Bergman, lots 53 and 53. map of the Pleit
ner Heights Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Cathrlne Vincent (widow) to Ethel F. Vin
cent, lot on S line of Buena Vista avenue, 173
E of Xv'lllow street. E 30 by S 150. berng the E
30 feet of lot 13. block 18, lands adjacent to En
clnal. Alameda; gift.
Susan P. and Nelson Prevost to William
Tucker, lot on N line of Sixtieth street 100 W
of Calais. W 37:6 by N 135, block P. Paradl3e
Fark. Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Paul Baricroft (owner) with Gecrg* I* Hen
zel (contractor), architect Clinton Day— Electrio
work for Hotel. St Dunstans, on lot on E line
of Van Ness avenue. 63:10 S ot Sutter street
B 109 by N 63:10; $1100.
William Ede (owner) with Hansbirrogh &
Robertson (contractors), architect Albert Farr-
Alteratlons and additions to a two-story fram»
building on lot on corner Seventeenth and
Guerrero treetg. No. 460, Guerrero; .tlgflk -.jn- <
THE SAN ; FRANGlSpp CALL, STTNDAY, JULY 7. 1901.
30
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIG bargain — House, 6 rooms, bath and pantry:
2 blocks to station, school, - churches and
Etores; lot 45x120; good well of water; street
work done; price $1400; $100 cash, balance $15
monthly.
House of 3 rooms; fruit trees: nice flower
and vegetable garden; convenient to station,
electric cars, stores, etc.; fine location: lot
60x150; price $1000; $100 cash, balance $12 50
monthly. »
Must be sold at once— Cottage, 6 rooms,
bath, pantry, inlaid floors, folding doors, con-
crete foundation and basement; chicken-
houses, barn, fruit trees, arbor, flower gar-
den and lawn; ornamental trees; lot 50x135;
price $2500; $500 cash, balance to suit; bank
loaned $2000 on this property and cost over
$4000; 2 blocks to station, school, church and
stores. Take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin
Etation; office west side of railroad track;
open Sundays. RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
1.TON.
6TOP paying rent— 5-room cottage, bath, pan-
try, high basement, fruit trees, fine well of
water, windmill and tank, larga lot, etreet
work done, fenced and cross fenced, price
$1250; terms, $100 cash, balance $15 month:
new up-to-date 2-story 8-room house, porce-
lain tub, gas and electric ¦ fixtures, high con-
crete foundation; street work done, choice
location dose to etation and street care;
price $2500; very easy terms.
Take Berkeley train, get off at" Lorin sta-
tion; office west side of R. R. track; open
Sundays. RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
HOMES IN BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY^
$1000— 4-room cottage; $300 down, $10 per
month.
$2000—t-room cottage; 2 large lots; splendid
view; best chance for speculation: easy terms.
$2000— A lovely 5-room cottage, with magnifi-
cent view.
$2200— 5-room cottage; large lot; fruit; flowers.
$2400— A neat 6-room cottage at Lorin; every-
thing in fine condition: terms easy.
J6S00 — One of the finest and most convenient
bouses in Berkeley for boarding students. • . ;* ¦ - -
$0150— One of the finest new residences in
Berkeley; close to college grounds; must be
cold.
$5000— 8-room house; beautiful; new; modern;
terms easy.
$2300— 6-room cottage, with good basement: 2
large lots; windmill; barn; cow stable; chicken
houses; lots of berries; flowers; vegetable gar-
den; dirt cheap. -k-~i
Several desirable cottages and houses in
West Berkeley.
Fine large lots; grandest view in Berkeley;
one-half the price they will be one year hence.
Lots and houses In all parts of Berkeley.
SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
$150— $10 CASH, balance $5 per month; acre
lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— LOTS; Wheeler tract: finest view in
Berkeley; 2 blocks to U. C. grounds. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$2000— COST $3000; 8 rooms; as good as new; on
north side of street; lot 40x130; 2 blocks to
train: half a block to streetcars; fine chicken
hquse and yard; $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000— $100 CASH, balance $20 per month: see
these new cottages I have In Golden Gate,
Lorin and Ashby ave., Dwlght way, Berke-
ley and North Berkeley; new: 5 to 11 rooms,
with every modern improvement; fine mantel;
tinted walls; sideboard; gas fixtures; sewer
and city water; all connected; stationary
tube. etc. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin, and
Schmiat block. Berkeley.
$¥<*?— NEAT cottage of 4 rooms; In good condi-
tion; fruit and shade trees, chicken houses,
etc; dirt cheap; $S0O. MAY & MORTIMER.
$2S0O— NEW house of S rooms, etc.; fine view;
near cars; J2SO0.
J2000 — 7-room house; near cars: now rented
for $16 50 a month. MAY & MORTIMER.
$S750— MODERN up-to-date new house of 7
rooms, etc.: large lot; street work all done;
near college. MAY & MORTIMER.
$2650— NEW modern cottage of 6 rooms, etc. ; lot
100x125; fenced and cross-fenced; fine barn;
worth {3500; owner has to leave for the moun-
tains; price now $2650. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley.
$2600— PRETTIEST cory little home in Berke-
. ley; new; complete; open plumbing; fronts
main v street; electric cars to front; near sta-
tion: lot 49xl3S; Bloping lawn: flowers, chicken
houses and etone walks; partly furnished with
. new furniture; easy terms if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKL.UD 11EAI, ESTATE.
Brand new bungalow cottage; open plumb-
ing; large lot; very sunny; near local trains,
schools and business center, etc.; cost $3000
to duplicate. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
J.3700-ACTUAL CASH VALUE TO-DAY $5000.
62 feet frontage; 9-room house; barn; splen-
did water supply on premises; an ideal home:
near business center; mortgage $2700. which
can remain at the bank; must be sold this
week; no reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3250 — THE handsomest new house ever con-
structed for sale In this city.
Space too expensove to extol all of its
¦ charming qualities as to location, construc-
tion, etc. Any one wishing to buy a home on
easy terms can get a bargain. It is only
necessary to see the property to be con-
vinced of its charming qualities and the loir
price asked for the property. The owner
will make very easy terms to the buyer
who means business.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
• 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
ANOTHER CHOICE SNAP, ™ ~
$2850, cost $4250; magnificent Gothic-style cot-
tage. 5 large rooms, laundry; beautiful lot,
60x116; sunny tide of car line; the choicest
neighborhood; mortgage J1S50; non-resident
has come to Oakland specially to make quick
sale; to see this Is to buy If you want a tiome:
forcing sale. LATilANCE REAL ESTATE
CO.. 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$2S50— SPECIAL bargain; modern two-year-old
two-story. S rooms; porcelain bath: lot 60x145;
owner must sell; called to Honolulu; location
choice, adjoining nice residences. LAY-
MANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462 Eighth
et., Oakland.
A FINE suburban home between Oakland an<T
Berkeley; contains 6 acres; located where lan<r
Is growing faster In value than any portion of
: this State; fine fruit and shrubberies; mag-
nificent modern 10-room residence surrounded
by many elegant homes; cost $25,000; reduced
to $12,300; a big bargain; a lovely property for'
a wealthy man.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND.
|2,500— New 7-room modern cottage, bath, etc.:
never occupied; one block from car line;
2 blocks from Fourteenth-st.- depot; no
¦ payment down; monthly payment, $35,
Fame as rent.
$2,250— One of those beautiful modern cottages
on Thirty-sixth St., half block from Tele-
graph ave.; 6 rooms, bath and all modern
conveniences: No. 590 Thirty-sixth st.;
small payment down, balance same as
rent.
n,000— Two-story frame building; store on first
floor and 6-room modern flat upstairs;
email payment down, balance to suit pur-
chaser.
$1,350— 6-room modern cottage; Just completed*
desirable locality; half block from Pied-
mont car line: monthly payment, $17 90;
no payment down.
$1,200— 6-room modern cottage, bath, etc. A nice
little home for you; monthly payment of
$16 80 will buy it. W. E. RUDELL,
Kruitvale Station or 222 Sansome st., S. F.
$1000 CASH. $6 50 monthly— A model 6-room
cottage, chicken shed, barn, «table, immense
fruit trees; small assorted fruit; a lovely
garden of vegetables; flowers in profusion-
high ground and level; lot 40x160; more land
can be had cheap; city water; close to a fine
public school and 3 churches; one block from
electric car line; this is a grand ready-made
home and one rare to find: price In all Jisoo-
no fogs nor cold winds; adjoining Eant Oak-
land. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland- car-
riages free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$300 CASH. $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
etory, house of 9 rooms; all convenlencM-
Jarge lot. 150 ft. deep, on FruitviTe ave no
toga nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bir-
galn; price all told. $2750: will make terms
to eult or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st
opposite Broadway station, Oakland: carriage
free. H. Z.' JONES, owner.
11400-160 ACRES Alameda Co. homestead;
house, 10 hogs, 6 cattle; well -watered See
C. K. KING. 9S2 Broadway,, OaMand!
1000 ACRES for $4500; Sonoma County; splendid
stock ranch; outside range of 2000 acres; «
miles from railroad. C. K. KING. 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
6 ACRES; Walnut Creek. Contra Costa Co.*
house, barn, COO fruit trees, horse cow all
tools. $2500. C. K. KING. SE2 Broadway, Oak-
land.
CENTRAL ave.. Alameda: U-room house- lot
50x150; center of cits: $7000. See C. K. KING
952 Broadway. Oakland. ' f~?!^
BOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels for sale. • CTv\, ,¦
IJodglng-houses.
Grocery stores?
Hardware stores. '
Drug rtores.
Fifty erood farms for sale; some for exchange"
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
Investment. .
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres.? — ."' '
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list: may exchange.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, 952 Broad-
way. Oakland^ -- -
decce. W2 Railroad arenaa «outb. corner of
Eighth av«u« south, thence to Masonic
Hall, corner Fourteenth and Railroad ave-
nues south, where servlcea will be held un-
der thVausplcea of Bay View Lodge- No. 13».
A. O. U. W.
HALL, of Bay View Lodgo No. 159. A. O. U.
VT.—To th« officers and members of Bay
View Lodge No. 159. A. O. U. W.-Brothers:
You are> hereby notified to assemble at your
lodgeroom. Masonic Hall, corner of Four-
teenth ard Railroad avenues south, to-mor-
row (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our lata
-brother. John Peterson. By order of tha
M. W. W. J. B. WARNER, Recorder.
READ— In Alameda. July 6, 1901. I*»l"« H-
Read, beloved wife of George R. Read, and
daughter of James and Elizabeth Hardman.
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 47 years ana
. ( months.
ETFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Baptist
Church, Santa Clara avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
RILETT— In this city. July «. 1901. Elizabeth
Rlley (formerly Mrs. George Qulnn). beloved
mother of Spencer. Adeline. George, Leslie,
William and Elmer Quinn and Francis Riley.
a native of San Francisco, aged 38 yean »
months and 26 days.
RIVERA— In Oakland. July 5, 1901. Ira. dearly
beloved wife of Nat Rivera, daughter of A.
H. and Abbie L. Hetherlngton, and stater of
Grade, Iola and Bonnie Hetherlngton. a na-
tive of Kansas, aged 18 years 9 month* and
8 days. t
ROVEGNO— In this city. July B, 1901, Rosa,
dearly beloved wife of Stefano Rovegno. be-
loved mother of James, Jennie and Josle
Rovegno and Mrs. Louisa Zambelll. and
grandmother of Silvio. Walter. Irene. Mar-
guerite and the late Albert Zambelll. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 53 years 7 months and XL
days.
CyFrlends and acqnamtances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2491 Market street, corner of Sanchex.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
SKIDMORE— In this city, July 5, 1901, Marian
Lucinda Skidmore, mother of Mrs. Geory*
P. Low and Oscar H. Skidmore. & native of
Battle Creek. Mich., aged 61 years 4 months
and 23 days.
E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
- at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 313 Cherry
street.
SMITH— In Hawkes Bay. New Zealand. May
22. 1901. Arnold Edwin, beloved, and young-
est son of Henry and Lucy A. Smith, brother
of Mrs. B. J. Thayer and Mortey BL. Henry
G.. Emily K. A.. Francis W.. Mabel H.,
Daisy G.. Olive K. and the late John B.,
Marion L. and Reginald H. Smith, and uacl«
of Muriel A. and Gladys I. Thayer, a na-
tive of New Zealand, aged 13 years S months
and 19 days.
(ETInterred May t 24. 1901. at Havelock.. Ne^r
Zealand.
SMITH— In Alameda. July t, 1901. Eetella. Gi>
ford Smith, beloved wlfBjpf the- late- a Q*
Smith, and mother of Bertha and Cora
Smith and Mrs. George S. Patterson, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged S3 years and 20 days.
SPOTTER— In Stockton. July 5, 1901, John
Henry Spotter, beloved son of Maria T>. Spot-
ter, and brother of Frits Spotter, a native. o£
Schleswlg. Germany, aged 43 years.
STUDEBAKER— In Oakland. July 5. 1901. Mrs.
Fannie Dulln Studebaker, mother of Mrs.
Scott McKeown and Peter E. Studebaker Jr.,
deceased, a native of. Missouri, aged 42 years.
(Chicago Inter Ocean and South Bend, Ind..
Los Anseles and San Diego, CaL. and St.
Joseph. Mo., papers please copy.)
E7"Funeral this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock,
from her late residence, 113 Twelfth street.
Oakland. Interment private. In Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In Benlcia, July 5. 1901, Mat
Frances Sullivan, dearly beloved daughter of
Michael H. and Julia Sullivan, sister of
Margaret and the late Edward Sullivan, and
niece of Cornelius D. and Mary E. Hyde, a
native of Benicla. aged IS years 1 month and
22 days. .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Benlcia.
TOOMEY— In thla city, July 8. 19<H. at the
Potrero, Denis, beloved husband of Annie
Toomey, father of Annie and Denis Toomey
and Mrs. John T. Monaghan, and brother of
Mrs. D. C. Dunn, a native of Dunmanway.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 62 years. A
member of Golden West Lodge No. 2ft4, A. O.
U. W.
VEZINA— In this city. July 4. 1901, Cynthia
May Vezina. beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Louis N. Vezina, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 28 days.
WEGENER— In this city. July 5. 1901. at her
residence, 814 Iowa street, Ansrusta, beloved
wife of August Wegener, a native of Sach-
sen, Germany, aged 61 years 9 months and 11
days. (New York and Milwaukee papers
please copy.)
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— July 6. 1901. at his residence, 15H
Vallejo street, Thomas S. Williams, beloved
husband of Catherine Williams, a native of
Denbigh, North Wales, eged 77 years 4
- months and 22 days. - -
CyFoneral private.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1800-^JUST like rent; • $100 down, balance
monthly; 6 rooms, bath, high basement; lot
50x133 (note the size); street and walks com-
plete; near local station, school and churches.
'GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
- ¦ ¦ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1600— COZY modern Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms, bath, hall, - high basement, laundry,
brick foundation; double parlors, etc. (all in
good condition); street work all done; stone
walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.;
handy to narrow gauge station; sunny front-
age; now well rented; bargain for a quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
,. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$6000— ELEGANT home sacrificed; corner
Eighth and Adeline sts.: only one block from
station; 13 rooms; modern plumbing and
steam furnace; finished basement and attic;
newly painted; convenient and prominent lo-
cation for local physician or San Francisco
business man; lot 50x100 feet; nice lawn, and
all in good condition; cost $11,000; a big sac«
riflce.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— EAST of Broadway; comfortable home of
9 rooms in the choicest part of Oakland;
owner non-resident; reduced price for a quick
cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— JUST liko rent; 9 rooms, bath, base-
ment, etc: lot 40x120; cost $2500; sunny side,
near San Pablo ave. ; $20 per month install-
ments; near the local railroad station.
GEO. WT. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway.- Oakland.
$3000— EIGHT-ROOM modern Eastlake cottage;
sunny side; right down town; a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— $500 CASH, balance on easy terms; pret-
ty Eastlake cottage, 5 rooms, bath, hall, high
basement; 2 bay-windows; newly painted; nice
open lawn and cement walk; select locality;
one block from Broadway; cost $2500.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2600— PRETTIEST cozy little home in Berke-
ley: new; complete; open plumbing; fronts
main street; electric cars In front; near sta-
tion: lot 40x132;- sloping lawn; flowers, chick-
en bouses and stone walks; partly furnished
with new furniture; easy terms If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1450 — PLAIN, comfortable house of seven
rooms; lot 30x129 feet; nice location, with
street work complete and stone walks laid;
1 garden, fruit and ehade trees; right close to
Telegraph ave.; handy to schools and"
churches ; reduced for a quick sale ; easy
terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$9000— ONE of Oakland's finest houses, 11 rooms;
t elegant mantels; butler's pantry; double
plumbing: did rent for $95 per month: cost
over $14,000; perfect to a detail; lot SO feet
front and nice lawn; in the heart of town;
legitimate reason for selling; must be' seen
to be appreciated: will sell carpets if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— ESTABLISHED grocery and butcher
shop, with store fixtures; flat above and stj^
ble, well and pump; gore lot; streets com-
plete; fine location in North Oakland: cost
$2500; Insured for $1500; easy terms if de-
sired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$S50— COZY little bungalow cottage, all shin-
gled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet: close to
. Telegraph ave. and city trains; will arrange
terms.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
AN elegant new home of S rooms, laundry and
bath; will be sold reasonable as owner is
leaving city: get particulars at office. GEO.
B. M. GRAY, 454 Ninth st.
FINE3 cottage home of 9 rooms, laundry, bath,
furnace; in fact all conveniences; large lot;
plenty * of flowers, etc_; can be had at your
own price; investigate and make offer. GEO.
B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth st
BEAUTIFUL home of 9 rooms, laundry and
bath; East Oakland Heigltts, adjoining resi-
dence of F. M. Smith; lot '50x150; terms can
be arranged to suit. GEO. B. M. GRAY, 454
Ninth Et.
50-FOOT business lot on Thirteenth ave. for
J1500: big investment. GEO. B. M. GRAY, 454
Ninth st.
EASY terms; 60x125. with good cottage of five
rooms, bath, etc., in good location; only three
blocks from San Pablo ave.; $1400.
6 rooms; good cottage; fine large high base-
ment; one block east of San Pablo ave.; owner
a non-resident; fine bouse; only $1750.
100x150; fine large lot; good corner In East
Oakland; will be sold for $S50.
' New house on Telegraph ave. ; five now under
construction; one Just sold; see these before
investing. ••»-•-
Berkeley; big bargain just brought In.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
432 Ninth st. . Tel. White 847.
$26O<>— LOVELY 6-room cottage and lot 70x140;
former price $3500; a bargain.- ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway.
$1350—2 COTTAGES, $675 each; near cars and
station. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
2-STORY, 6 rooms and lot, near Oak station:
will exchange for other property. ALDEN
CO.. HIS Broadway.
NEW homes on Telegraph ave.; Just completed;
entirely modern; 8 rooms, bath and laundry;
front and back stairs; nickel-plated plumb-
ing; mantels, gas fixtures, lawns, cement
walks, etc.; lot 31x100; all four are of a differ-
ent style of architecture. A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate/ 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for property in Nebr..
Kans. or Mo.— Choice large Oakland cor.; 2
electric car lines; fine neighborhood: conveni-
ent to local train; street work all done. For
personal interview July 10 address Owner,
care EASTON & WILSON, rooms 11 and 12,
Macdonough building. Oakland. _^^
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$C0 — 10-ROOM nicely furnished house; near loc
$30 — 6-room modern cottage; furniture, piano;
near in_
$30— 7-room fur. house; stable; large lawn.
$30— 6-room flat; fur., piano; desirable. ¦ .-. ¦-'
$36— «-room lower flat; furnished complete.
$40— 7-room modern cottage: close In.
$25 — 6-room modern cottage; walking distance.
$30 — 8-room new house; very desirable.
$20— 8-room modern house; lawn cared for.
' •• ¦ . ¦ ; ".¦ . MITCHENER t & PORTER,
466 Eighth st.
OAKLAyjP HOUSES AVAXTED.
"WANTED— Cottage, either in Oakland or city,
furnlshPd and with bath; state rent. Box
43S7. Call office. ¦
OAKLAXD ROOMS AXD BOARD.
TENTH, 572— Beautiful sunny roomsT"excellent
home cooking; $20 upward; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$850— New cozy cottage of 3 large rooms,
pantry and closets; brick foundation; city
water; lot 75x108; all fenced; 1 block from elec-
tric cars.
$925— Good cottage of 4 rooms', partly fur-
nished; stable, chicken-house and 30 chickens;
fruit trees in bearing; lot 50x108; all fenced.
$1150 — Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc.; barn, chicken-house; lot 50x116; 1 block
from electric cars; easy terms If desired.
$1400 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath on one
floor; high basement; choice flowers; lot 50x120-
connected with main sewer; only 1 block from
Frultvale ave.
$1400— Sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms,
basement and attic, bath, etc. ; stable; chicken-
house; fine well, windmill and tank; lot 50x125;
all fenced; owner must sell; don't fail to see
this place.
$1675 — Modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; fine mantel; corner lot; 2 blocks from
Fruttvale station; must be sold at once.
$1700— Choice bargain; new bay-window cot-
tage of 4 large rooms; 7-foot basement; good
brick foundation; bath; hall; closets; lovely
pantry; marble waehstand; stationary tubs'
chicken-house; lot 60x265; all fenced; fine loca-
tion; only 6 blocks from local station.
$1850— Two acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement; stable
and chicken-houses; good well, n windmill and
tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric cars.
For particulars .apply to H. A. PLEITNER
Fruitvale Station, Cal.
——————— — - .
One acre, finely improved, with fruit
trees, garden, chicken yards and. houses
stable, -windmill and tank; 5-room cot-
tage, high basement; 175 chickens, l
horse and wagon, 1 cow; air the furniture
and tubs; 4 blocks from street car.
$1750—1% • acres of fine sandy loom, with 85
bearing- fruit trees, all fenced: pood
windmill and tank, fine stable and wagon
shed; 3 blocks from street cars.
$1800— 6-room cottage, ¦ basement - floored, with
one room finished; bath, mantel, good
stable, bearing fruit trees; lot 50x125- 4
blocks from Fruitvale station;; -a fine
home. ¦
$650— 4-room cottage, with stable, well and
pump; lot 60x108; 3 blocks to street car.
$700— One acre In the heart of Fruitvale, 2
blocks off street car line; surrounded by
fine houses.
$300— 2- room house; lot 25x100; 4 blocks from
Fruitvale station.' • .-.',.•
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
««a t^j. » a, ' tfndtvak Station, '
. or 1500 Pjark_ st, Alameda.
MILL VALIiEY REAL ESTATE.
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly Known as
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called. s
Eunnyside Tract.' ' v -
Thls ¦ beautiful tract, consisting of over 1 40
acres, is . now subdivided Into lots and . arc
placed upon the market for sale. Streets are be-
ing •' graded, macadamized and sewered. The
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
of San Francisco will issue an insurance policy
for every lot sold guaranteeing title.
For maps and full information address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102—3 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms and bath for rent.
BUCHANAN, 602— Sunny corner parlor suite;
complete housekeeping; gas range; bath; rea-
sonable; also others. {
BUSH. 727— Large and single furnished sunny
room; gas; bath; reasonable. .
CALIFORNIA. 808— Two elegantly furnished
rooms and bath; suitable for two gentlemen
or light housekeeping. • , ¦ .
CEDAR ave., 24, near Larkin, Post and Geary
' sts.— 2 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; bath; reasonable.- ¦ "
CLEMENTINA, 673—4 rooms for housekeeping;
$10. -
EDDY, 604— Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitchen; gas range; running water; -complete
for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 1127—2 or 3 nicely furnished front sunny
rocms, with bath; private family.
FELL, 235 — 1 nicely furnished room for house-
keeplng, with or without use of kitchen.
FIFTEENTH, 1479, bet. Howard and Shotwell—
Two unfurnished housekeeping rooms. ; 1
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water; $10.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large housekeeping room;
also other rooms.
GEARY, 569— Handsomely furnished suite for
housekeeping; bath on floor.
GEARY, 1237, corner Gough— 3 furnished or
partly furnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622—1 large room (for
housekepeing); gas range; folding bed; bath.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny room for gentleman or
housekeeping; $9; no children; bath and phone.
HAYES. 73S— To let, 2 large unfurnished, also
2 furnished .rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 539— Two sunny housekeeping
rooms wiih yard to let.
HOWARD, 619 — Large front housekeeping room;
bath; also single room.
HOWARD, 1609—3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; gas and bath.
HOWARD, 1063— 2 comp. furn. front bay-win-
dow housekpg. rms.; elec. lights; $12; others.
JACKSON, 1513— Large sunny nicely furnished
room; housekeeping allowed; private.
KEARNY, 215— Front suite of housekeeping
rooms; single room, $1 60 per week. MRS.
E. M. TOBIN.
LASKIE, 27, opp. Mission, near Ninth, bet.
Eighth and Ninth— 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping; furnished; rent $12.
McALLISTER, 38—3 or 4 rooms suitable for
housekeeping or singly.
McALLISTER. 53S — Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; sink; gas range; bath; laundry.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms, 75c and $1 per week. "
MISSION. 1119— Sunny bay-window front and
other rooms; double or single; housekeeping
allowed.
OAK. 119—1 large sunny basement room fur-
nished for housekeeping; yard; storage;
stove; $6.
OAK, 119— Large sunny front rm. furnished for
housekeeping; |9 50; storage and closet.
POLK, 1002—3. and 8 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POST, 827— Sunny, room with wood stove and
double bed; reasonable.
POST, 962— Housekeeping suites from $10 to
$17 50; also single.
POWELL, 1401 — 2 or 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping; zinc galvanized bath. ¦
SECOND. 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing and other rooms; neat, respectable, rea-
sonable. I
SIXTEENTH, 2S22— Furnished sunny rooms
with or without housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 607— Furnished apartments to let;
nice, sunny housekeeping apartments.
SUTTER, 2620 — Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
bath; furnished complete.
THE Molar Flats, 531 Turk st.— Strictly first-
class and modern apartment house just open-
ed: suites of two. three and five rooms for
housekeeping; furnished or^ unfurnished.
THIRTEENTH, 189, cor. Howard— Newly fur.
_sult_rms.. complete housekpg. ; man and wife.
TURK. 543 — Large sunny bedroom' and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; gas stove; bath;
$13 per month.
VALENCIA, 1208^—3 sunny housekeeping
rooms; bath; rent $12.
VALENCIA. 1232—1. 2 or 3 furnished rooms,
housekeeping; alcove; sunny; gas; bath;
warm belt.
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkin, nr. Eddy— 2 rms.
furnished gen. housekeeping; $12; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ¦ -
ROOMS TO LET Kuril, anil llnfnrn.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
• light housekeeping rooms; open all night:
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA. 328— Sunny ;. furnished rooms
suitable for respectable gentlemen;, board if
desired; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, • 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnlshed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 566A— By a German family unincum-
bered; 2 small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM. 1320, near Ninth— Nicely furnished
sunny room; new flat; modern improvements.
FRANCISCO — Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
GEARY 1012— 1 sunny furnished room with use
of telephone. .
HARRISON, 784V4, rear 4th— Finely furnished
rooms: bath, all conveniences; homelike; $1
week up.
HARRISON, 1110— Fine room to rent; modern
improvements, to a gentleman, "by a German
family.
HOTEL Graystone. 66 Geary St. — New 6-*tory
fireproof hotel; electrio light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
In the city; steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50o per day and upward; special rates. by the
week or month; best in the city; references.
HOWARD, . S30 (Boston House)— Furnished
rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c; neat and clean. - -
HOWARD. 1CC3— Neatly furnished: sunny front
bay-window roornsj^etore; others; electric
lights; reasonabW?*^
HYDE. ¦ 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front : suite
rooms for 2 or 4 gents; cheap; private family.
HYDE, 293— Lovely large corner ' suites and
single rooms; privato bath."
KEARNY, 34, and . 47 • Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Furnished room for
gentleman ;¦ reasonable. ". . .>;
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk st.— Sunny furnished
-'Single and double rooms; also transient.
MINNA. 667, corner • Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 925%— Well furnished sunny bay-
window front rooms; quiet house.
OCTAVIA, 1259— Elegantly furnished front
rooms. K single or en suite; private; no signs.
O'FARRELL; : 20— Sunny . furnished ' rooms :, and
offices ; elevator ; elec. < lights ; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 OTarrell— Furnished' front suite
and single roojps, $3 week- up; transient. ,
POST, 426— Nicely. furnished rooms, suite, sln-
gle, : $2 50 week up; tourists accommodated.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur^
nlahed rms.. en suite or. sin. ;. baths; transient.
ROTTAL House, - 126 Ellis— Incandescent ' Ug-hf
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
; lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms. with hot and cold water; baths."
BLOO^S^TO^JLET-—Purn. and Vnfnrn.
SHEKMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIENA House • and ¦ Faloon,|410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms in lo->
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
TAYLOR, 106-^Sunny rooms, , $1 25 a week up;
transient, 25o and 50c per day.
TAYLOR, 518— Small furnished* room, $6.
THE Almora, Mission and Twentieth— Changed
hands; rooms and board; modern.
WASHINGTON, 1678— Beautiful alcove room;
marine view; tel.; bath; private family; 2
car lines. .
1 YEAR, $98; 3 rooms; plain house; good loca-
tion; water; free; sunny yard. Address box
4380. .Call office. . ; ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service ; popular rates. 807 California St.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'e, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103'^ Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. . ¦
SUNNY furnished rooms; double and single;
private family; board optional. 63U4B Stev-
enson st. .-. . ¦•
THE Victor, 1006 Pine— New management: thor-
oughly -renovated; sunny suites with board.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms. , en suite & single; board.'
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
' excellent table; special rates to tourists.
' HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or 3
rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.^
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages" sent to any address in the
United States \ or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
WANTED— By 2 young ladies, room and board
In private family; convenient to business dls-
trlct. Bos 43S2, Call. -
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng. Address box 4406, Call office. •
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
UNION sewing-machine store, 221G Mission St.,
near Nineteenth; all kinds bought, sold, ex-
changed, rented, rep'alred; a few little dam-
aged to be sold cheap. Phone Capp 1952.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, 1901, to June 30. 1901, the following
1 named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
tie~Wolf, 13 yrs. 1 mo.; Arthur Wolf, 5 yrs.
6 mo3.; Augusta Smith, 10 yrs. 10 mos.; Rosa
Blaine, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
9 mos.; Isidor Shloker, 5 yrs. 9 mos.; Hen-
• rietta Shloker, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Alta Cohen, 8
yrs. 5 mos. ; Annie Cohen, 5 yrs. 11 mos. ; Lil-
lian Cohen, 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Ruby Cohen, 7 yrs.
7 mos.; Esther Schwarzberg. 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
Estella Miller. 11 yrs. 11 mos.; George J.
Miller. 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Rose Shapeero, 9 yrs.
9 mos. ; Ellas Shapeero. 7 yrs. 3 mos. ; David
Shapeero, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 10 mos. ; Abe Kampinsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, 520 Lake St., San Francisco, has
received the following orphans and half or-
phans— girls— from April 1 to July 1, 1901:
Bertha Koepp, 3 years 5 months; Pauline 01-
sen, 9 years 10 months; Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months: Sadie Chapman, 9 years 7
months; Lora E. Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavll-
. Ian, 10 years 5 months; Julia Voss, 11 years 3
¦ months; Floria Voss, 7 years; Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months; Genta Fishburn. 8
years; Violet M. Bishop, 11 years 11 months;
Gladys W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections- made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO... 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
.^sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 614 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
.16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
'¦•;: STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOL^H^StoTa^e^ia^M^vIngTcon'
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage "Warehouse S40 Mis.
• sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD S13»PLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS^IjT TYPEWrTtEr's— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S85.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $00; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of Intention to lease seawall lot~NcT
35 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Franclscq,
Cal., July 6. 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14. described and
inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thence
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (100)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
. ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point In the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet) ; thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the Intersection with
line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
street to the point of. beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board, of State Harbor ommissloners,
Its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely in, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon . and the construction,
. maintenance, and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
such cars to, from and on said premises to be
done and performed only by the said board,
its successor or successors, the lessee to pav
for such hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board, its
successor or successors; such payment to be
In addition to the rental to be paid for thfi
- lease of such property. Said bid must state,
among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. A statement of
the bid will be embodied In the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement. and
¦ covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
\ right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
. on which bids may be made can be secured
-from the secretary of this board at his office
In the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. ¦ Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the .parties thereto. Said property will be
I leased -to the highest and best bidder.
PARIS ' KILBURN,
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR..
JOHN - C. KIRKPATRICK, •
X Board of State ' Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. .NORTON. Chief Engineer.
WM. D. ENGLISH, . Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the 'city and county
of San Francisco,. State of California— Probate
—In the . matter of the • estate of "WILLIAM
I! H. AYERS, deceased. Notice for publication
, of time appointed for probate of will, C. C.
P., Sec. 1303. Notice is hereby given, that
; Tuesday, \ the ¦. sixteenth day ' of • July, ¦ A. " D.
1901, at 10 o'clock a.. m. of that "day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court
at the New City Hall, in the city and county
of San Francisco,' State of California, have
been ' appointed as the time and place for
proving the -will of said WILLIAM ';H.
. AYERS. 1 deceased,' and for . hearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers - Ayers - for the is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon.
v (Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. 1901.V ¦ .
HENRY C.;McPIKE, '
Attorney ' for Petitioner.
" DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Thai Contra Costa - Water
.Company; a. dividend. No. 190, of forty- two
cents (42c) per share on the issued capital
stock of - the company has been de-
payable at the office of the company,
room 16, second floor,. Mills building, San
Francisco,- on July 15, 1901. Transfer books
.close July 6, 1901, at 3 p. m.' ¦ '
,-•-.:;¦•..¦¦ EDWARD McQARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2, 1901, a dividend' was declared for the half
- year ending June 30, lflOL at the rate of 7 per
y cent per annum,' payable on and after the
l£th irist. Transfer books will be closed
from. the 7th to the 15th Inst, both days ln-
cluslve. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, consolidated— A dividend. No. 31, of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the is-
. sued capital stock of the company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
pany. 435 California St., San Francisco, on
July 10. 1901. Transfer books close July 2,
1801, at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Seoretary. j
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
. tation Company wifl be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY, July 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29, 1801, at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The ' following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Samuel F. Wolfe, 38, Watsonville, and Flora
Samter, 27, city.
Ulysses G. Hoover, 34, 2742 California street,
and Grace E. Markham, 20, 2927 Sacramento st.
Frederick C. Nielsen, 21, S21A Howard street,
and Kato Tomke. 2S, 2018 Larkin street.
M. Hoge Cralle, 26, city, and Ellen E. Cogh-
lln, 20, Llvermore.
Oliver H. Perry, 44, 637 Sacramento street,
and Nellie Mackin, 27, 21 Sherwood place.
Charies D. McKenney. 34, Vallejo,' and Ellen
R. Millner, 32, 1407 Polk street.
-. Fred P. Dlxon, 25, 129 Eddy street, and
Juanlta M. Dunne, 23, Benlcia.
John J. Kubicek, 84, Stockton, - and Emma
McL^cd. 32, Stockton.
Frank Cames. 26, 276 Shipley street, and The-
rese Roumas, 29, 276 Shipley street.
John Bianchi. 34, Colma, and Marie Bon-
glovanni, 22, 434 Francisco street.
M. H. H. Lambert. 30, 2084 Market street,
and Gertrude M. Henderson, 25, Tacoma.
Arthur W. Gowen, 22, Salinas, and Anita G.
Storm,' 24, Salinas.
Myron G. McClinton; 34, city, and Mary A.
Glidden, 30, city. ?
Clayton M. Meyer, 24, Stockton, and May F.
La Veau, 20. Stockton. ¦ .
Chester Nichols. 26. 571 Hayes street, and
Edna V. Armstrong, 23, 469 Fourteenth street.
Joel S. Johnson, 27, 1021 De Haro street, and
Carrie Nyquist, 25, 1324 Folsom street.
Manuel F. Cunha, 24, 65 Jackson street, and
Mary Teicheira. 20, 65 Jackson street.
Robert Weber, 32, city, and Agnes B. Jen-
kins, 31, city.
Walter V. Hunter. 27, Alameda, and Dora
F. Schumacher, 26, 1335 Pierce street.
Jean B. Casamajor, . 24, 1619 Mason street,
and Elise Chourre, 22, 1726 Po:k street.
Ned Price. 28. 220 Sutter street, and Sadie
Childs, 25, 719 Taylor street.
Albert L. Hawkins, 22, Vallejo, and Lillian
G. Qulnn. 19. city. ¦ <¦ .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BORN.
CAESAR— In this city. June 9, 1901, to the
wife of J. S. Caesar, a son.
FISCHER— In thla city, July 3, 1901. to the
wife of Theo. Fischer,, a daughter.
HENEY— In this city, July 4, 190L to the wife
of Edward J. Heney, a son.
McDONNELL— In this city, • July I. 1901. to
¦ the wife of Michael McDonnell, a son.
MARIANI— In this city. June 25, lbOl, to the
wife of H. Mariani, a daughter.
O'CONNELL— In this city, June 7, 1901, to the
wife of Robert E. O'Connell, a' son.
PAGE— In this city, July 2, 1901, to the wife
of Elmer E. Page, a son.
REDMOND— In this city. May 8, 1901, to the
wife of John T. Redmond, twin sons.
ROOT— In this city, June 27, 1901, to the wife
• of J. W. Root, a son.
SAUTER— In this city, June^ 28, 1901, to the
wife of J. M. Sauter, a son.
TAURECK— In this city, to the wife of Fred-
erick Taureck, a son.
TINGMAN— In Alameda, July 5. 1901, to the
wife of J. H. Tingman, a daughter.
WALSHB— In this city. July 3, 190L to the
wife of Martin Walshe, a son.
WOOD— In Alameda, July 1, 1901,' to the wife
of Seabury M. Wood, a son. ¦
¦ TVTA'R.Ti.TTrP, ~
CAZNEAU— MURRAY— In Sausalito, May 4.
1301; by J. S. Bellrude, Walter C. Cazneau
and Kathryn Murray, both of San Francisco.
CHRIST— SNYDER-In this city, July 4. 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William J. Christ
and Clara Snyder.
FEILING— FRAHM— In this city, June 19, 1901,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William Freder-
ick Ff-lling and Antoinette N. W. Frahm.
JENSEN— O'DAY— In this city, June 24, 1901,
by the Rev. Father Brennen, Adolph F. Jen-
sen and Jennie F. O'Day.
DIED.
Alcott, Mary Kelley. Susan "
Benson. Helga C. B. Kernan. Thomas B.
Benton, Robert G. Kiernan, Clare
Botkin, Frank W. Koenig, Louis
Boyle, Daniel McDonald, Mary E.
Buchner, Vincent Moyerback. Marcella
Buck. William Moloney, Patrick E.
Coblyn. Laura I. Muller, Bridget
Devlin, Mary Pearce. James W.
Dolan, William P. Peterson, John
Fitzgerald, Patrick Read, Lillle H.
Fitzsimmens, Betsy Rlley, Elizabeth
Freitas, Thomas Rivera, Ira
Frlcke, Gtfstave Jr. Rovegno, Rosa
Frledrich. Charles G. Skidmore. Marian L.
Gouldin, Thomas Smith, Arnold E.
Halnes, Elizabeth Smith, Estella G.
Hamilton, Elizabeth Spotter, John H.
Harrison, Lydia G. Studebaker. Mrs. F.
Heffernan, William Sullivan, Mae F.
Hentzell (.infant) ¦ Toomey, Denis
Hill, Ethel V. - . Vezina, Cynthia M.
Hirschfeld, Peter Wfcgener, Augusta
¦ Hurley. Nellie F. Williams. Thomas S.
Irish, Jonathan- R.
ALCOTT— In this city, July 5, 1901. Mary, be-
loved, mother of Mamie Alcott, and sister of
Mrs. A. McDonald, Mrs. P. Reilly, Mrs.
Daniel Kerrlsren and Patrick McGoldrick, a
:S native of " County Cavan, Ireland, aged 42
years.
(C7" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf James StcMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postofflce, thence to St.
Joseph's Ci-urch for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment l?"!y Cross Cemetery.
BENSON— In Oakland, July 6, 1901. Helga
Charlotte B., Moved daus-hter of John and
Carrie Bensou, a native of Oakland, aged
8 months and 21 days.
BENTON— In Oakland, July 5. 1901, Robert G.
Benton, aged 73 years 9 months and 21 days.
His wife survives him and five children:
Rev. J. A. Benton, A. ¦ E. A. Benton, Mrs.
J. A. Baldwin, Miss Elisabeth JS. Benton
and Mrs. Loyal L. Wlrt.
BOTKIN— In this city, July 6, 1901. Frank
"Wl-.ittler Botkin. beloved son of Henry E.
and Jennie Botkin, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 12 years and 10 months.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BOYLE— In this city, July 6, 1901, Daniel, be-
loved husband of Theresa Boyle, and father
: of Mrs. T. Whalen, a native of Ireland, aged
50 - years 2 months and 6 days.
BUCHNER— In this city, 'July 4, 190V,Vlncent
Buchner, beloved brother of Bartnolomew,
John and Iznatlus Buchner and Jacob and
Aloysius Buchner of Brooklyn, N. Y., a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 35 years 11
months and 23 days. A member of St. Peter's
' Society and . the Brewer Workmen's Union
. No. 7.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday),', at 1 o'clock, from the . parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church, Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUCK— In this city, July 6, 19o£ William
Buck, a native of Germany, aged 47 years.
COBLTN— In this city, July 4, 1901. Laura
. Isabel, dearly beloved wife of Alexander
Coblyn, daughter of Margaret and the late
John Holland, darling sister of Mrs. C. T.
. Rogers, Mrs: Dunn. Mrs. Clara • Howell and
John, William and the late George Holland,
and niece of Mr. and Mrs. James Carr, a na-
tive of California.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO;
'(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
I-tk:^DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
, 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
...'-,-, Telephone South 80.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
• new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet.
- Taylor and Jones. Telephone South *576. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, |
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. . I
rUNEBiL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ' I
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. • San; Mateo County. .'
OFFJCE 916 MARKET STREET.
. J. HENDERSON. Manager
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). -at 2 o'clock; from her. late resi-
dence at Colma. opposite Holy Croe» Ceme-
tery. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Funeral car will leave Thirtieth street ana
San Jose avenue at 1 o'clock.
DEVLIN-In this city. July 6, 1901. Mary !}•?-
lin. sister of Mrs. Ellen Bulger of Brooklyn,
N. Y., a native of County Wexford. Ireland,
aged 68 years. (Albany and Brooklyn papers
please copy.) - -
CFrlends.are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), from
the chapel of St. Joseph's Home. Park Hill,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
¦ the reoone of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOLAN-In this city, July S, 1901. William P.
Dolan, dearly beloved son of Patrick C. and
Sarah E. Dolan. and brother of James ' C..
Edwin. Sadie M.. Arthur B.. - PhlllD T..
"Frank and > Loretta Dolan. a native of
Brighton, Sacramento County. Cal.. aged 28
years 3 months and 18 days. (Sacramento
* papers please copy.)
lETFrlends and acauaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, trom his late resi-
dence, 407 Oak street, near Laguna. Inter-
ment National Cemetery.
FITZGHRALD-m this city. July 6. 1901. Pat-
rick Fitzgerald, a native of Ireland, aged 75
years.
FITZSIMMENS— In this city, July «. 1901. at
the residence of her daughter. Betsy, wife
of John Fitzsimmens, and beloved mother or
David S. Budran and Mrs. E. Collet, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 69 years 11 months and
17 days.
tCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. 1109 Rhode Island street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third, in-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FRICKE— In this city. July 6. 1901. Gustave
Fricke Jr.. youngest and beloved son of Gus-
tave and Ellse Fricke, and brother of Henry
Fricke. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 7 months.
FRIEDRICH— In this city, July 5. 1901, Charles
G. Friedrich, beloved brother of Mrs- Jo-
hanna Zlmmermann and John G. and the
late Charies G. Frledrich. a native of Ger-
many, aged 77 years 8 months and 29 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his 3ister, 1310 Baker street, near Geary. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
FREITAS— In this city. July 5, 1901, Thomas,
dearly beloved son of Mr. Manuel and Mrs.
Clara Freltaa, and brother of Alfred and
; Joseph Freltas. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months, and 1 day.
(t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his ,parents
residence, 3 Bartol place, off Broadway, near.
Montgomery street, thence to Laurel Hl'l
Cemetery.
GOULDIN— In this city. July 8. 1901, Thomas
Gouldln, brother of the late John C. Gouldln,
a native <3f England, aged 75 years.
HARRISON— In thla city. July 6, 1901. Lydla
G., beloved wife of Benjamin A. Harrison,
and mother of Mrs. Otis L. Swett, a native
of Nantucket. aged 58 years 1 month and 7
days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1334 Bush street. Interment private.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, July 5. 1901. Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of the late Jo-
* hanna Heffernan, and father of Katie and
the late Garrett Heffernan, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
¦ E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 307 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
HENTZELL— In this city, July 6. 1901. Infant
pon cf E. .A. and Nellie Hentzell. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 13 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
¦parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 818
Mason street, between O'Farreil and Geary.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAINES— In this city. July 6. 1901. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of the late Ervln Halnes,
daughter of John and- Emily Miller, and sis-
ter of John R. and Charles A. Miller, a na-
tive of Cleveland. Ohio, aged 26 years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1707 Howard street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city. July 6, 1901. at Our
Ladies' Home, 33 Rlncon place, Elizabeth
Hamilton, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 80 years. ;, .
HILL— In Berkeley, July 3. 1901, Ethel Vir-
ginia, daughter of Joseph and Margaret K.
Hill, and sister of Sidney B. and Starr M.
Hill, a native of Nevada.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her
parents' residence. 2121 Hearst avenue, cor-
ner Walnut street. Berkeley. Interment at
Mountain . View Cemetery.
HIRSCHFELD— In this city. July 8, 190L Peter,
dearly beloved husband of Eliza Hlrschfeld,
father of Mrs. C. Harmon and George, Henry.
Willie and Lizzie Hlrschfeld. and brother
of Mrs. C. Becker. Mrs. M. Rltzau and
George Hlrschfeld, and brother-in-law of
Fred May, a native of Hesse-Cassel, Ger-
many, aged 62 years 2 months and 9 days. -
tETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 653 Minna street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, cor-
ner Seventh and Market streets, where serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Har-
mony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F., commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HURLEY— At the Potrero. July 5, 1901. Nellie
Frances, dearly beloved daughter of William
and Nellie Hurley, and sister of John. Willie.
Dan. Lizzie and Annie Hurley and Mrs. Emll
F. Kraut, a native of San Francisco, aged
(19 jeiirs 6 months and 12 days.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 821 Eighteenth street. Potrero, thence
to St. Theresa's Church for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
IRISH— In this city. July 6, 1901, Jonathan
Rumsey Irish, a native of New York, aged
79 years 11 months and 16 days. ¦'._•'_;:
KELLEY— In this city, July 4. 1901, Susan
Kelley, beloved mother of Georxe A. and
Thomas C. Kelley. Mrs. Jennie Small. Emma
B. Young, Sadie Kelley and Helen G. Jacob,
a native of New Brunswick, , aged 58 years.
(Lowell. Mass.. papers please copy.)
ItyFrienrls and acauaintances are respect-
* fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 105 Second- avenue, thence to Star of
the Sea Church at prompt 10 o'clock, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Crass
Cemetery, by carriage.
KERNAN— In this city. July 6, 1901. Thomas
B. Kernan, a native of Kentucky, aged 33
years.
KIERNAN— In this city. July 6, 1901. Clare,
dearly beloved daughter of James and Kittle
Klerntn, a native of San Francisco, assd 6
months and 6 days. : : . •
KOENIG— In this city. Juiy 6, 1901, Louis
Koenig. a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully' Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company's parlors, 2425-2429
Mission street.
McDONALD— There will be a solemn requiem
high mass celebrated in All Hallows' Church.
South San Francisco, to-morrow (Monday),
at 9 o'clock, for the repose of the soul of the
late Mary Ellen McDonald, dearly beloved
daughter of John and Catherine McDonald.
Friends -and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to 'attend.
MEYERBACK— In this city, July 4, 1901. Mar-
cella. beloved wife of Louis Meyerback
mother of Mrs. F. Castaghetto, and sister of
Miss A. Cooney, Mrs. M. Warren and Wil-
liam Cooney. a native of San Francisco
ICTFuneral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from the residence of her sister. Miss A
Cooney. 291 Union street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ¦>
MOLONEY— In this city. July 4, 1901. Patrick
E.. beloved husband of Nellie Moloney and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. B. C Pholov
Mrs. J. B. Allen and the late John E M»l
loney. a native of County Cork. Ireland a
member of Yerba' Buena Lodge No 17SS
Knights of Honor, and Lincoln Post G
A. R. .,- •
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the Wwl
of the United Undertaker^. CT and 29 ¥m?
street, thence- to St. Patrick's Church? where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
re S, Of Ceme 8 te r y at 9 °' Cl ° Ck - 1 * i '™™
COMRADES of Lincoln Post No 1 G A t»
are requested to attend the funeral' of our
funeral of our late brother. P f 2.?'
to-morrow (Monday), at 8 30 o'clock K
f
alea O L 8 £a^ Cl8 ~> »
borne. England, aged 75 y£>™ * Of Wlm -
ICTFriends and liqualnS^. nd ' m °nths.
ass?* 5 y^S ¦?""«
1901. John Peterson. deSy^^i^-JuJy «.
of Christine Peterson7 beloved ? f? husband
bert,.Nels, LlUle and the ?»£^ cr . of *!•
Peterson, brother-in-law of m« » sUmar S -
son, and uncle of Jennie joi Peter John -
of Sweden, aged 61 mr, .^ a natlve
rw b,rorBa y/1 «w^ B^^ A
ftKSSd "atfeWrS 068 * re ™* ct -
Monday), at l^^^^rno-^SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRT.
KINGS RIVER AT RETD MOXWTAIN.
Chicago Grain Market.
Cash quotations were a» follows: Flour,
dull, barely steady ; No. * «prlng wheat, . E»@
Articles — - Open. High. Low. Close.
JuT 6 " **.£... «% 64% 64% . 64*
Somber gtt g* . $ .«%
December •• 68 .68 67. 67V4
July™ NO .-?" .- «' 46 45% 45%
Bentember «8 4? • 47% ' 47$
DPcembVr ...:: «* <«*. ««* «%
Ju^y 1 * N - a .- 2 " W* »%:} 5» \ **%
ih^ r ..::::::::: »V ii£- Hi 3*
juYy 668 . P r. k :.. P !:..» r 90 ! "l4 02* 13 S7K 14 00
September .—14 10 14 37*4 14 10 14 30
3^..??:™.?!?*****'** 8«V4- 857*
clntember 8 «0 8 65 S 60 8 65
cSobTr ...::::::::. • «» « <™ "* » * w
Short Ribs, per 100 poundf- , -
T ,,i v .... .... • 7 95
September ."I !,W « f 7 95 • | 02*
October 7 90 7 85 . 7 tw 7 95
THE COAST RECORD.
The Stock and Bond Exchange resumed busi
ness after tho midsummer vacation. Trading
was fair for Saturday. - There, were sales of
Alaska Packers' at $131@131 60, of S Gas and
Electric at $43, Equitable Gas at $5@5 25, Spring
Valley Water at $87@87 50 and Honokaa at $20
©20 50.
All the other exchanges will resume to-mor
row. ¦,;¦••-' - . •
The following were, ex-dixldend: Honokaa
Sugar Company, 15c; Pacific Lighting Company.
33c; Sacramento Electric Gas and Railway,- 15c;
San Francisco Gas and Electric, 25c * ¦ .
The following were ex-coupon: California
Street Cable. S2 50; Contra Costa Water. $2 50;
Los Angeles Lighting 6 per cent, $3; Los An
geles Guaranteed, $3; Market Street Railway 6
per cent, $3; Nevada County N. G. R. R., $3 50;
Northern Railway of California 6 per cent. $3;
N. P. C. R. R- 5 per cent, $2 50; Oakland Water
5 per. cent; $2 50; Oceanic Steamship E per cent,
$250; Park and Cliff. $3 ;? Park and Ocean," $3;
Southern Pacific of Arizona, $3; United States
4s coup, ¦ old, $1. ,'. ,':"
STOCK ANT> BOUT) EXCHANGES.
SATURDAY, July 6—12 . m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. •
Bid. Ask. I ..-.-.: Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. . 112^4113^4 |ls'qr cp (new). 139 140
4s quar reg.. ..112V4113V4. 3s quar coup.. lOSfcloaft
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 6.— The opening in the wheat
market was fairly steady, but this feeling soon
gave way to the bear influences and there was
a general decline. Elevator Interests were the
principal sellers and commission houses
bought, but the buying by the latter was not
sufficient to sustain the market. The grading
of the new wheat Is almost perfect and was
also a bear factor. . September opened %c to
%@%c lower at 66c to 66ti@<66Vic. On local
Belling the price dropped to 65%c. Weakness
prevailed throughout the day and the close
wan IVic lower at 65%@65%c,
There was a moderate activity In corn, with
a gtnerally easy tone. -Weather influences
were the causes for- the weakness exhibited
shortly after the opening, and considerable
long stuff came on the market. A slight rally
took place, but weakness prevailed throughout
the remainder of the session. September closed
%ff?HrC lower at 47%c to 47V4c
Trading in oats was active from the start
and there were .enough ready buyers to keep
the feeling etrong. Bad crop news continued to
be the main bull feature.. September closed
>>S»ic higher at 2»Hff29Uc. -
Provieions opened higher and the market
was moderately active. Receipts of hogs were
below expectations. September pork closed 25c
hijrher and lard and ribs each 7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Mrs J E Nolan. Cal
Miss Xolan, Cal
T Butler. • Chicago
S W McLarson, Cal
G R Lawrence, Stanfd
M L Loomls & w. Cal
L C Robinson, Denver
F G Stone, Japan
Dr C A Harrison; Cal
E H Hoar & w, Cal
Miss Berriman, Merced
R T Nickerson. Sonma
CR Heath & w, Valjo
R S Goudey, Los Ang
J C Antrim. NY '
G Hood, Kentucky
A Dubbers, Cal
C M Chadbom & w. Or
M Morris, Cal
W C Davis, Cal
F Carter, Marysville
M Marks, Oroville
Mrs T W Heintzelman,
Sacto ' .
PALACE HOTEL.
Capt J Evans. Cal
C Mler & w, L Ang
G Holt & w, Seattle
A Scott, Dawson
L Macpherson. N Y
E W Mason. Coaling-a
W E Guerin. Seattle
L F Scott, L Ang
H Pondexter & w, L A
J Jones, L Ang
W Wilson & w. Mo
G Fisher, Berlin
C Rabe, Berlin
O Horlch, Berlin
J Douden Jr, Nebr
W McDonald & w. N Y
Frances McDonald, NY
Anna McDonald. N Y
F D Newberry, Pa
H Vanlandlngham. Cal
A Tarbet & w, Utah
Miss Parker, Salt Lake
NEW WEST!
A J Olson, Oakland
J Pearlman, Oakland
Geo Bailey, Texas . S
W B Benson, Denver
Theo Jacog, Spokane
Frank Campbell, Cal
Geo Steunenberg, Ida
J L Higintotham, Ind
I Spencer, Cincinnati •
i$. Spencer. Cincinnati
H F Moulton, Los A
Wm McAllester. Seattl
Miss L Beringer, Ptld
Mrs R Beringer, Ptlnd
J W Laing, N Y
Mrs S F Krugeit, L, An
C M McLean, Iowa
J A Sandholm. Iowa
W.W Worthing. Stkton
W Schuett. Milwaukee
C W Stohl, Iowa
Miss Nelson, . Sacto
K Urano, Japan
A Fuller & w, Sacto
A B Smith, Fresno
L N Ripley, Cal
W Lawson,- Cal
J Klein, Chicago
A Goochie, Chicago
C W Tryon, Angels
A S Jones, Los Ang
Dr C W Kellogg & w,
Bakersfleld
J D Smith. N Y
A T Goldsborough,
Washington, D C
Mr and Mrs Connel &
children, Colo
Mrs S M Jarvls, N Y
Miss Jarvis, N Y
L R Simpson, III
Miss Manning, Nev
R Kragre,. Carlsbad
J S Ketcham Jr. Ind
W Solomon, N Y
A Blersdorf, Chicago
J V Tacksbury, Texas
J A Mudd. Mare Isld
E Johnson, L Ang
J H Ullmann, Chicago
W H Fisk, Chicago
J D Mackenzie. S Jose
3 Kirkpatrlck & w. Cal
R W Irwin. Tokio
D W Stevens, Wash
B W Lee, L Ang
R U Conger, N Y
1RN HOTEL.
John M Meyers. N Y
M M Madden, Md
C Smith, Indiana
L W. Stanley, w & i,
Denver
G O Reich, Denver"
H J Wood. Torrlo. Mex
C E Graham, Denver •
F O Simmons, L Honda
R Ross & w, Wis
J W ColllM, Md
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The feature . of yesterday's market was the
light supply of good fruit. "After noon there
was hardly ' any obtainable, though there was
plenty . of Inferior fruit offering. [ i The liberal
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, S^c; choice, 8c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. ,
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen. . •. .
California Gathered— Selected, 13'£c; standard,
12\4c; seconds, . ¦
Eastern — Standard,' 14c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS,
BUTTER— ,
Creamery— Extras, 18c; firsts, 17c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
BUTTER— Creamery, 18@19c per lb for fancy
and 17%c for seconds; dairy, 14@17%c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 8@10o per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 15<316%c for good to fancy;
store, " 12V4@J4c per dozen. .
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Choice ranch Eggs are reported in better
tone, though prices . show no Improvement.
The medium and lower, grades are In liberal
supply and slow. . "
Receipts were 28,700 pounds and 44 tubs of
Butter, 1040 *cases of Eggs, 3S5 cases Eastern
Eggs, 3140 pounds of California Cheese.
Fine Butter Is quoted firm and quotations
in the or>en market have again advanced.
There is a fair demand for the best brands and
stocks are sqmewhat reduced. . •
Cheese is quoted firm, though there Is no
scarcity.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $l@l 25;
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 50@3 50 for old and
S3 50@5 for young; Hens, $3@4 50; young Roost
ers, T€@7 50; old Roosters, $3@4; Fryers. J4@
5; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2@2 50 for
email; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 60@l 75 for Squabs. \
GAME— Hare. $150; Rabbits, $1W for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
The market was nominal, as usual on Sat
urday. "There was very litle stock carried over.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for large, $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50cS$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
65c<g$l 25 per sack; String Beans, 2@4c; Cab
bage, 403<i0c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, 50@75c, from Winters, 35@65c; Rivers,
In large boxes. $1 50@2; Dried Peppers, 12®
18c; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; Green Okra, ;
Carrots, 25@35c. per sack; Marysvllle Cucum
bers, 60@7oc per box; Winters, 65c; Bay, $1 25
@1 75; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 50@75c per
box for Chile and 75c@$l for Bell; Egg Plant,
5@8c per lb; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack; Bay
do, $1@>1 75 per crate; Summer' Squash, large
boxes, 25@40c. .
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 70c@>$l in sacks
and $1@1 50 in boxes for Burbanks, S5c@$l 10
for Garnet Chiles and S5cg?l for Early Rose.
ONIONS— New Red, 35@50c per sack; New
Yellow, 80@95c per ctl.
There are some changes in Vegetables. Green
Peppers now sell by the box. Tomatoes are
lower and Cucumbers and Corn higher.
Oregon Potatoes are now practically out of
market. New Potatoes are weak and slightly
lower again. Onions are rather weak.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 SfiW,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gsi,|
Sterling Cables — 4 S9 l /i
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49Vi @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
NOTE— As the Produce Exchange stands ad
journed until Monday quotations for grains,
xnillstuffs, etc., are omitted. ¦
NEW YORK, July 6.— FLOUR- Receipts, 45,
900 barrels: exr>orte, 5253 barrels. Dull and
nominally unchanged. Winter patents, $3 60®
3 90; straights, $3 40©3 50; winter extras, $2 50
@2 85; winter low grades, $2 30® 2 40; Minne
sota patents, S3 70S? 3 90; Minnesota bakers',
$2 90&3 15. * • --
WHEAT— Receipts, 463,350; exports, 16S.030.
Spot— Easier. No. 2 red, 74%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 2 red. 72%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, TJZic t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
82%c f. o. b. afloat. Options — Were generally
weak and lower through liquidation based on
fine crojj prospects, increased estimates of
yield and lower cables. July, 72%@73%c, closed
72%c: September, 71 7*16®72Hc, closed 71%c;
October closed 72%c; December closed 73%c.
HOPS — Firm. Btate, common to choice, 1900
crop. 16@18c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop. 16@18%c.
HIDES— Quiet. California, 19%c; Texas, 14
014HC.
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 26@27c; Texas,
16@I7c.
SUGAR — Nominal. Fair refining:, 8 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 1-ZZc; molaeses sugar,
3 5-16c. Refined, nominal. No. 6, 4.95c; No. 7,
4.85c; No. 8. 4.75c; No.. 9, 4.70c; No. 10, 4.65c;
No. 11, 4.C0c; No. 12. 4.55c; No. 13, 4.55c; No. 14,
4.&0c; standard A, 5.30c; confectioners' A, 5.30c;
mold A, 5.85c; cut loaf, 6c: crushed, 6c;
powdered. 5.60c; granulated. 5.50c; cubes. 5.S5c.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull. No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 8 ] 4@12^c. !
BUTTER— Receipts, 7C91 packages. Cream
ery. I5i&m4c: factory, 13@15Mc.
EGGS— Receipts, 12.908 packages; irregular.
¦Western candled, 13314c: Western uncandled,
10@12%c. D RIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Quiet State,
common to *rood. 3%<35c; prime, 5%@5%c;
choice. 6®«Uc; fancy, 6V4@7c.
California dried fruits. Inactive, but steady.
PRUNES— 2%@6VAc per pound, as to size and
Quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c: Moorpark, 7H@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c
LOCAL MARKETS.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT
WASHINGTON. July 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $172,S37,<26; gold, $100,175,975.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK. July 6.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans. fSS9,466,900; decrease, $2,914,000.
Deposits. $&fo,2S5,100; decrease, $6,096,900. Cir
culation, t3O.E7S.SOO: Increase, $43,000. Legal
tenders. $76,665,700; decrease. $2,349,400. Specie,
$169,S64,100; decrease. J2.447.500. Reserve, 1246.
532,800; decrease. M,786.900. Reserve required,
$241,221,275; decrease, $1,524,225.- Surplus, $5,22L
££2; decrease, $3,272,650.
"Associated Banks' Statement.
Ventura— Apricots ripening fact; yield gen
erally good; half crop.
Ean Jose— NorUfi wind. Early peaches nearly
over. Tragedy plums ripe. Cherries all gone.
HolliBter — Barley yielding well. Injured some
by color not being good.
Palermo— South wind. All crops looking well
Napa— South wind; clear. Apricots good;
crop generally fair. Apples large crop. .
ALEXANDER G.. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FLOW OF RIVERS.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner' 3 inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Lippincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday with
fog In the morning and_ at night; fresh south
west winds.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen dowly- along the coast
from Point Conception northward and has
fallen over Utah and Idaho. There has been a
marked rise In temperature over Northern
Utah and fall along the coast from San Fran
cisco south to Point Conception.
Fog prevails along the coast of California.
In the great valleys the weather continues
very warm, and maximum temperatures exceed
ing ICO degrees are reported at many points.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 7:
Northern California— Fair Sunday with fog
along the coast, continued warm weather in the
Interior; fresh westerly -winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday continued
warm in the Interior: fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday; brisk southwest winds.
Eureka, CO; Red Bluff, 102; Mount Tamalpais,
*U Fresno, 104; Los Angeles. ES; Independence.
'- r ; Sacramento. 96; San Luis Obispo, 80: San
JJ!««o, €8.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
« s ; minimum, 48; mean, £2.
• BAN FRANCIEOO. July 6-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from etatlons in California to-day:
O»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
v hole Is good. While much depends upon the
Frowlnsr crops of corn and hay, etockmen are
not looking: for any advance In stockers and
fe«?d«rs, but they do anticipate a steady mar
ket at about last year's figures. Should the
corn crop be unusually large these prices will
b* much firmer, but 6hould it fall short they
will expect to take something off the present
trices.
Weather Report.
A feature of the Western range situation has
been the large demand for pure bred and high
rrade bulls and rams. This demand seems to
be satisfactorily Increasing, and as the West
ern rene* man usually desires this class of
nnimals In carload lots and prefers them al
ready acclimated. H may be said that the de
mand U coming principally from ranchmen
v.ho are putting in pure bred herds for the
purpose of breeding the etock needed on the
ranch. This accounts for the unusual demand
for female stock. The Western range breeder
realizes thoroughly now that he must breed
a first-class jcrade of beef cattle end mutton ia
ortcr to compete with the Email ranchman,
and plcns are being made to accommodate this
Semajid on a liberal scale.
The outlook for the livestock business on the
The (sheep situation Is not so satisfactory.
Reports all indicate a general expectation of
lower prices, due to the crowded condition of
the ranee6 and the absolute necessity of re
ducing the flock* to fit the range conditions.
The lamb crop has been unusually heavy, ow
ing to the mild winter and favorable Weather
•t lambing time. The movement from tfae
range to market will commence earlier than
usual en both cattle and sheep and a heavy
rt:n of sheep and an average run of cattle Is
expected.
Cattlemen expect to market a larcrer per
cent of their cattle as beef than usual, owing
to the (food feed that has prevailed In nearly
all sections. Ov.inr to the generally favorable
conditiors of the beef market, range prices
are holding steady and cattlemen are looking
for steady prices in the fall at about an aver
ace v.-lth last year. TSe strong- demand on
tlie Pacific Coast for all kinds of stock has
diverted many cattle In that direction that
usually come East. The movement In this
direction will continue this fall and is caused
hy the Increased home an<l Asiatic demand
for meats. This Is particularly true of Neva
da, Utah, Idaho, Arizona and Western Wyo
ir.tni:. Quite a number of Montana cattle,
mostly fat stuff, have also gone West instead
of East to market, and more will eo in the
fall. The movement of horses Is unusually
large owing to the general remunerative prices
jrevailing in the East, and the ranges are be
ing cleaned uo of many bands which only a
few years ago were considered worthless and
a nuisance. ' '•
The situation In the corn States of the Mis
rispippi and Missouri valleys is too uncertain
Et this time to enable a prediction as to the
feeder fiemand in the fall. According to re
ports received at this office, the number of
cattle on summer feed is very much lighter
than usual an i the markets will be com
pelled to depend to a certain extent upon
prass cattle. There are an unusual number of
?attle on pasture in Kansas and Nebraska
and prass conditions are reported to be very
pood In most sections, although the late warm
wave has threatened the situation somewhat.
Semi-annual reports received by the secre
tary of the National Livestock Association
from all "Western States and Territories re
rardlng- conditions of the livestock Industry
cn the ranee indicate a most properous year
for the industry as a whole. The winter losses
•were lighter than for many years, but heavy
Fprlng- storms In some sections caused about
the usual eprlns: losses, but the average will
not reach over three per cent. Many sections
report losses from predatory wild animals
greater than usual, showing that this pest
must soon be met In some way. Another cause
of loirs has been thieves, who have been un
usually bold and successful during the last
few months, ewecially on the horse ranches.
Reports from ronnd-ups show an average
above the usual calf crop. At the present time
the only sections threatened with drought are
Southern and Eastern New Mexico and South
ern Arizona. There is still time, however, for
rummer rains to relieve these conditions. The
northern lialf of Montana and Western North
and Soutn Dakota suffered frorrt a late spring
and flrcught, but th«=se conditions have lately
been relieved and tht range feed, though late,
was never better. There has been a large
movement of stock cattle from the Southwest
era to Northern ranees, approximating: 150. •
O00 heafl. The movement of Western cattle
has been much lighter than usual, being prin
cipally from Pacific Coast States to Montana
and Wyoming. Many sections report the range
badly crowded and early in the EDrine there
were many clashes between sheep and cattle
owners for possession of the range, but the good
rains ar.d consequent Improvement of the feed
on the ranpe has temporarily relieved this Vcn
dltion. Prospe-ts are considered good for a heavy
movement of Western range grass cattle com
mencing' about a month earlier than usual and
probably continuine late into the fall. Prices
in stock cattle have been from Jl 50 to $2 50
per head lower than last year. Strictly high
grade cattle are steady with a year ago and in
demand.
C F. itartln. secretary of the National. Live
rtock Association, has Issued the following
bulletin:
Livestock Conditions.
The Lonaon Grocers' Gazette of June 22
ears: Calif ornla fruits continue to move off
slowly, and prices may be Quoted as generally
unchanged. The question of the duty on tinned
apricots enfl apricot pulp was raised In the
House of Commons, when in reply to ques
tion* by Mr. X. E. Kearley. the Chancellor of
the Exchequer said that canned apricots were
eubject to duty on fruit, and on being asked
to define the difference between a peach and
an aDricot he said: "The decision dates for
many year* back, when it was decided that
an apricot was a plum and a. peach was not!"
Subsequently, however, the Chancellor said
tfcat he wi considering whether a lower rate
of duty might not properly be charged on pre
eerved than on dried apricots, eo that the
trade are hoping that tinned apricots may yet
be relieved from the excessive rate of duty.
Canned 'Apricots in England.
Internal revenue collections In this district
for June were $22,975, the leading items being
aa follows: Beer. $105,896; spirits. $72,908;
cigr&rs, J15,S90; tobacco. $2S63; war etamps, $40,-
C5S.
Internal Revenue Collections.
Local back clearings last week were $22.04$,
7S9. acalnet $15,247,709 for the same week last
year.
Bank Clearings.
PORTLAND, July 6.— Clearings, $315,005; bal
ances, $46, SSI. /
Portland's Business.
TACOMA. July 6.-WHEAT — Unchanged;
bluestem, 67c; club, 66c
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, July 6.— WHEAT— "Walla Walla,
55%c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON, July 6.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,487 bales.
The demand was better than at any time since
the opening and Competition was more active.
American buyers purchased superior greasy
merinos.
Fine merinos sold freely at May rates.
Crossbreds were in demand, chiefly for the
home trade. Prices were irregular, except for
fine qualities which showed a hardening ten
dency. Good grreasies were steady. Some Vic
toria superior lambs realized 2s 8d.
During the week 67,000 bales were offered,
of which 4500 bales were withdrawn. Next
week 71.000 bales will be offered.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July 6.— Atchlson. 90; Canadian
Pacific, 106%; Union Pacific preferred, 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 99%; Grand Trunk
10»4; U. S. Steel, 49%; do preferred, 99%; Ana
conda, 9%.
Bar silver, firm, 27 l-16d per ounce.
Money, 1@1% per cent.
London Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 7000; Monday, 32,000;'
estimated left over, 3500 head. Market steady
to 5c higher; top, $6 12%. Mixed and butchers 1 ,
$5 70@6 07%; good to choice heavy, $5 80@6 12%;
rough heavy. $5 5Q@5 80; light, $5 70@6; bulk
of sales, $5 85©6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Market for «heep
and lambs steady. Good to choice wethers,
$3 40(^4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 65; West
ern sheep, $3 S0@4 10; yearlings. $3 65@4 25; na
tive lambs, $3@5; Western lambs. $3 25@5. *
ST. JOSEPH.
BT. JOSEPH. July 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
110. Nominal. Natives, $4 E0@6 15; cows and
heifers, $1 50@5 20: bulls and stags, $2 70@5 10;
stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 40; veals, $3 50@
6 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 9371. Market steady to 5c
higher. Light and light . mixed, |5 65#5 85;
medium and heavy, $5 80@6; pigs, $4@5; bulk,
$5 72%(§ 1 5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
CHICAGO, July 6.— CATTLE— ReceiDts, 300;
nominally steady. Good to rrime steers, $5 25
66 40; good to medium, $4 10@5 15; stockers and
feeders, weak, $2 50® 4 60; cows, $2 C0@4 50;
heifers, $2 50@5; canners", $2!g'2 40; bulls, slow,
U 40@4 40; calves, firm, $3 50@6 50; Texas fed
steers. $4 2C(g'5 30; Texas grass steers, $3 25®
4 20; Texas bulls, $2 50@3 50. •
Chicago Livestock Market
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red "Western
winter, 5s 6Ud; No. 1 spring, 6s Id; No. 1
California, 5s 9%d. Futures, quiet; September,
5s 6d: December, 5s 6%d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed new, firm, 4s
2d; old, stead y, 4s 3d. Futures, firm; July, 4s
Id; September, 4s l%d; October. 4s 2d.
FLOUR^-St. Louis fancy winter, 7s 9d.
Hops at London, Pacific Coast, steady. £4
5s® £5.
CLOSING,
LONDON. July 6.— Silver 27 l-16d; French
rentes, ICOf 60c; cargoes on passage, quiet but
steady; English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, July 6.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California, Es 9d@5s 9%d.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
Foreign Markets.
. On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier; creamery. 14@lS%c; dairy,
13%<516%c. Cheese, steady, 9@10c. Eggs, steady,
11% c.
Silver recovers slightly. Exchange unchanged.
Nothing doing in grain.
Potatoes weak. Oregons out of first hands.
Fine Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm.
Good fruit well cleaned up by shippers.
Fair demand for new Dried Apricots.
Provisions firmly held, with light stocks.
Hides firm all over tlie country.
Meat market quiet at previous prices.
'Another advance in Linseed O.il.
White and Red Lead marked up.
Stock and Bond Exchange resumes business.
Bank clearings gain over last year.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bay Co P C 5s.l06%106V4 Oceanic SS-6S.101 —
Cal-st 5s. 115% — Omnibus R 63.127 —
C C Water 5s.. 107" — Pac G Imp 4s.. — 100
Ed L & F 6s..l2S»4133i4 Fk&CH 6s. ..103 —
Fer & Cl R 63.117% — Pk & O R 6s.. .117 —
Geary-st 6s....— — Powll-st R 6A.120 —
H C & S 6Vfes..lO6% — Sac E'G R 5s. — —
Do Es... 101 102U S F.& SJV 6s. 120 —
Los Ang R 5s. 114% — Sierra Cal 6s... — 110
L A«Llght 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s /
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) ...Ill —
Do gntd 5s. .103. — (1910) 112 —
L'A & Pac 5S.100H — S P of C .6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — (1905). Ser A.108 108%
Market-st C 68.125 — (1905), Ser B. 108^109%
Do 1 c m 5s. .122^4123 (1906) 109% —
Ney Co N G 7slO5 114 (1912) 119 122
Nor R Cal 6s.. 112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ..118^119^ cp gntd g 5s. 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lC0% — SPBr Cal 6s. 134% —
Do 5s.. ieS%105% S V Water 63.114%, —
Nor R Cal 5s.. 110 113 Do 4s — —
Oak Gas 5s. ...112tf — Do 4s 3d m.'.lOlH —
Do Trans 6s. 119 120 . Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. 102 —
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa.. 80 80% 1 Spring Valley. S7V4 87%
Marin County. 51—1 .
;•">•". GAS AND ELECTRIC. ,
Cent L & P... 314 — Pacific Light.. 47 —
Equitable .... 5 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual ..: 4% 6 S F G & E.. 42Tg 43\4
Oakland. .. 5014 51 San Francisco. 4»i 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 42 43U Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 — i
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... im — L P & A 150 —
California 408 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
. Cal Safe Dep.lOTtf -<- S F National.127^4 —
First Nationl.309 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 1970 Sav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt — — Security ......275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.-1600 —
San Francisco.527V4 —
¦ H STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 O S L & H... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 26>4 —
Market 70% —
POWDER.
Giant 76^ 77 IVigorit 3 3U
.. SUGAR.
Hana 6% 7Vi Kilauea 18 18%
Hawaiian 50 — Makaweli — 38
Honokaa ..... 19% 20 Onomea 22% —
Hutchlnson ... 18% 19 Paauhau 25& 25%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack-MlUlSlVt Oceanic S Co.. 51, 53
Cal Fruit Can. 95% 97 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.165 —
Merchnts' Ex.110 — Par Paint .... 16 —
' Morning ¦ Session.
Board —
10 Alaska- Packers' Association 131 00
35 Alaska Packers' Association 13150
100 Equitable Gas 5 25
10O Equitable Gas 5 12%
50 Equitable Gas .' 5 00
, 25 Honokaa S Co 20 50
10 Honokaa S Co 20 00
75 Paauheu S P Co 25 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
' 15 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 CO
5 Spring Valley Water 87 00
12 Spring \ Valley. Water 87 50
$2000 Spring- Valley 6s 114 00
$1000 Spring Valley 63 ...113 75
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge).... 10150
— ¦ m m
The Contra Costa Water Company has de
clared dividend 190 of 42 cents per share.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
OILS— Linseed has again advanced. Cali
fornia Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1, T5c; pure,
$130; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 84c;
raw, 92c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon ; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 63c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37V4@42V4c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, lSVtc; Astral, 18tfc;
Star, lSVic; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine, 23Vfec;'
Eocene, 20V4c: deodorized stove Raaallne, in
hulk. 15c; in cases, 2Jc; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c;
in cases,* 26c. •
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The "Western Suear Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.75c; Fruit Granulated, 6,75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 6.26c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more; box
es, 50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c perlb.
. WHITE AND RED LEAD— Prices have ad
vanced, as follows: White Lead, 7%@8c; Red
Lead, 7%@8c per lb. according to quantity.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7%@8c; local make. % c less
than Calcuttas; Wool. Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7V4@Sc; Fruit Bags, 6%@6c for cotton
and S>£@S%ic for Jute. |
COAL— "Wellington, J9 per ton; Southfleld 'Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, {6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend, $»;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
Hacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
20C0 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according to brand
RICE— China, No. 2, $4 10; No. 1, $4 6a@4 90;
extra, 15 10@5 50; Japanese, $4 6505 SO; Louisi
ana, S4(§6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6?4c;
over 200 lba, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stasis 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs
7WS9M:C.... .
There la nothing new to report. An im
provement in business Is expected this week.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows;
BEEF-6%@7%c for Steers and 6@6^c per lb
for cows.
VEAL— Large, 7V4@8c; small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7Hc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. S%@9c per pound. . ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy . salted
Steers. 10%@llc; medium. 9@10c; light. 8H@9c;
Cow Hides. 8VS@9J4c for heavy and 8%@9c for
light: Stags. 6«,c; Salted Kip. 9Hc; Salted Veal,
9V4@10c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,- 16V4c;
Culls, 14c; Dry- Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 17@18c;
Culls and Brands, 14®15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each; short Wool. 3O@50c each;
medium, 60@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides; salt, $2 50@2 75 for large and *2@2 25
for medium; $1 50@l 75 for email and 60c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for
medium, $1 25 for small and 50c tor Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Vrime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
&0c" medium, 35c. - . ¦__
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4*£c per lb; choice.
5c; No. 2, 3^@4c; grease. 2H@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1801— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15V4c; do, Lambs', lie per lb-
Northern, free, 12@13c: defective, 9@llc; Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc; do defective, 8@10c-
Southern, 12 months, 8@9c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@Sc;
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, Il@i3c
do fair to good, 9® lie; Nevada, 10@ll^c.
HOPS— 15© 20c per lb.
Hides rule firm all over the United States,
and the tendency has lately been -upward. •
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14VJc for
extra light and 15«£c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family, $13 50; prime .Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, J23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13%<g!14c
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com-,
pound and 104c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10y 4 c; 10-lb tins. l»4c; 5-lb tins, llftc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9*sC; three
half-barrels, $%c; one tierce, 9'/sc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. f%c perlb.
Previous prices rule. The market is firm and
lightly supplied »wlth cured meats.
Provisions.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has . established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 1014c per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6&c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 6c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown. . $1 50 per box ; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c;
No 2, 8@8Hc; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10V*c; No. 2,
6'A@7V-c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell 10
@llc for softshell and 6@6c for. hardshell; Pea
nuts -5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll(g!13c; Cocoanuts,
"$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10<3>Uc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5V4c;
light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark, 3Hc.
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6\ic; 50-60s, 4>ic;
60-70s. i%c; 70-80s, 3Vic; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100a 2&e:
ico-i2Os. me
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5%@6c; sun dried, l',4@2V4c; Peaches.
3%@4c for standard, 4%4J5 1 / ic for choice and
6<&G'4c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted.
3@4c; unpltted, %@HJc; Nectarines, 4<g>4Hc for
red and 4@5c for white.
Nothing has yet been heard of prices for new
Apples and Peaches. The demand for Apri
cots continues fair, and the market is steady.
There is 'nothing new in Prunes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 50c@Jl 25; Medi
terranean Sweets, 50c@$P 25; Valenclas, $150®
2 50; St. Michaels, $1@1 75; Lemons, 75c@$l 25
for, common and $1 50@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. E0c®$l 50; Mexican Limes, J7;
Bananas, $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
75c@$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from . Arizona,
$1 50@l 75 per crate; Fontainebleau, from Vaca
ville. 75c@$l per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs, $1 25 per crate for Tuma
and $203 50 for Indio; Cantaloupes, $2 50 per
crate.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box and 15@35c per
basket for early common and 35@60c per box
and 25@50c per basket for Crawfords.
NECTARINES— White, 50c(5$l per box; Red,
75c@fl.
PEARS — Dearborn Seedlingrs, 30@DOcr per box;
Bartletts, Jl@l 25 per box. •
' STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4<S 6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— J3@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— »5@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— ?2@4 per chest. -
FIGS— Black, 60@75c per box for single and
75c@$l for double layers; "White, 40@50c. \
PLUMS— 20@60c per box and 15@35c per bas
ket: Prunes, 35{i60e per crate and 30@50c per
basket. . ' . ..
CRABAPPLES— 50c per box.
APRlCOTS T -25@50c per box, 35@60c per crate
and 25<R35c per -basket; in bulk, *10@lo per ton
for small and $20@25 for large.
APPLES— New, 40c@Jl 25 per large box and
15@25c per basket. • ,
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
King- Oranges," grown in Southern California
from Japanese Mandarin seed, were offering
at $1 25@1 60 per half box. 'They are much
larger than the ordinary Mandarin.
Another advance In Limes . was noted,
Figs continued in 5 light supply and firm.
Nectarines also met : with a good demand.
Plums and Prunes were much firmer. / Grapes
and Melons sold at former good prices. Ber
ries were low and plentiful
shipping demand of the past two days cleaned
up the best fruit, and left nothing but oft
lots. Good qualities sold off well at full fig
ures." ¦ ¦• * . ¦• . .." ¦ • \ . ¦¦ • ¦
' Huckleberries from Son,oma County sold at
20c per lb. ,. , .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1901.
63Vtc; No. 2 red. 63@65%c; No. 2 corn. 45%c:
No. 2 yellow. 45%c; Nft 2 oats, 29c; No. 2
white. 31i4c: No. 3 white. S0&@31%c; No. 2
rye. 47%c; No. 1 flajtaeed, $1 88; No. 1 North
western, $1 88; prime timothy seed, $4 30@4 35;
mess pork, per barrel, $14@14 10; lard per 100
pounds. $8 55@8 57%; short-rib sides (loose).
J7 90@S 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 25@
' £°. : , 8hort cIear sfdes (boxed), JS 30@8 40;
whisky, basis of high wines,' $1 27: clover, con
tract grade, $9 60.
Articles— , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels .89,000 3,000
Corn, bushels 192,000 15,000
Oats, bushels 154,000 196 000
Rye, bushels 2,000 1,000
Barley, bushels ."V... 6,000 • 8,000
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Feet.
31
New York Grain and Produce.
ATIOXS.
3
|
K KB
DM «E **•
Bg S3
3 r 3 S 3
<r*s . in
?- i r
A«tort* ..30.X2 M CO SW Clear
Eaksr 29.68 86 64 N Clear
parson 2J.88 88 46 W Clear
iyurpka 80 08 60 M NW Clear.
JCT^no 2S.ro jo* 66 SW Clear
HaKHtaff .29.98 94 46 S Pt Cldy
P«ate!lo. Ideho.. 29.84 92 « S Clear
{Mtper.denee ....29.74 66 «6 S» Clear
Ajiseiee .....28.88 8! U W Clear •
jj gg -j - 2 jj-^- CIear
p^'WJa VT.Ot 74 54 KW Clear
«•• Blu2 29.92 1C2 70 BB Clear
J-oeeb ur g 28 -96 g0 62 NW- Clear
Kacramento 28.84 H (3 8W Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Salt Lake ...• 29.88 98 BS NW Clear
San Francisco.... 29.98 58 48 SW Cloudy
San Luis Oblepo. 30.00 76 50 NW Clear
San Diego 29.86 68 62 NW Clear
Seattle s 30.10 TO 54 NW Clear
Spokane 29.92 S6 54 SW Clear
Neah Bay 30.16 58 48 W Clear
Walla Walla.... ..29.88 94 6S S Clear
Wlnnemucca ....29.82 S6 46 SW Cloudy
Vuma 23.68 110 74 SW Clear
STATIONS.
K S 2
i^r o^-
3=33
. «| «i
03
S3
ft
Ventura 71
San Jose SI
Santa Maria
Xapa 80
Hollister i SO
£6
60
49
49
n'"
sw
0
0
0
0
o
Second Feet.
: . DATE.
1900. 1901.
June 23......... B590 6170
June'24 5690 5170
June 25 6380 4965
June 26 53S0 4965
June 27 : .'. 5170 4965
June 28.. ! 4963 4965
June 29 4965 4365
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. '
1900. 1901.
June 23/. 5190 14.294
June 24 4670 12.132
June 25 ? 4570 10.62S
June 26 4175 8,674
June 27 3SC0 8.146
June 28 3985 9.996
June 29 3985 11.32S
DATE.
DATE. ' '.
June 23 .' ...
June 24
June 25
June 26
June 27 ./..
June 28 ..:......
June 29 '.
DATE.
Second Feet.
1900. 1901.
4300 17,340
4110 12,240
4110 11,280
3920 8,500
3920 10,400
3600 12,200
3440 16,720
Second Feet. I ¦
DATE. IM'ngCo.
1300. 1901. Canal.
June 23....... 3So4 11,830 7
June 24 3842 9,000 7
June 25 3357 6,745 7
June 26 ¦ 3112 6,760 7
June 27 2912 4,895 7
June '28 2912 9,96p 7
June 29 2502 11,560 7
. Total
1901.
11.887
9.007
6,752
5,767
4,902
9,967
11,567
Total
1901.
STATIONS.
K S 2
i^r o^-
3=33
. «| «i
03
S3
ft
Ventura 71
San Jose SI
Santa Maria
Xapa 80
Hollister i SO
£6
60
49
49
n'"
sw
0
0
0
0
o
Second Feet.
: . DATE.
1900. 1901.
June 23......... B590 6170
June'24 5690 5170
June 25 6380 4965
June 26 53S0 4965
June 27 : .'. 5170 4965
June 28.. ! 4963 4965
June 29 4965 4365
DATE.
ATIOXS.
3
|
K KB
DM «E **•
Bg S3
3 r 3 S 3
<r*s . in
?- i r
A«tort* ..30.X2 M CO SW Clear
Eaksr 29.68 86 64 N Clear
parson 2J.88 88 46 W Clear
iyurpka 80 08 60 M NW Clear.
JCT^no 2S.ro jo* 66 SW Clear
HaKHtaff .29.98 94 46 S Pt Cldy
P«ate!lo. Ideho.. 29.84 92 « S Clear
{Mtper.denee ....29.74 66 «6 S» Clear
Ajiseiee .....28.88 8! U W Clear •
jj gg -j - 2 jj-^- CIear
p^'WJa VT.Ot 74 54 KW Clear
«•• Blu2 29.92 1C2 70 BB Clear
J-oeeb ur g 28 -96 g0 62 NW- Clear
Kacramento 28.84 H (3 8W Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Second Feet.
DATE. '
1900. 1901.
June 23/. 5190 14.294
June 24 4670 12.132
June 25 ? 4570 10.62S
June 26 4175 8,674
June 27 3SC0 8.146
June 28 3985 9.996
June 29 3985 11.32S
DATE.
DATE. ' '.
June 23 .' ...
June 24
June 25
June 26
June 27 ./..
June 28 ..:......
June 29 '.
DATE.
Second Feet.
1900. 1901.
4300 17,340
4110 12,240
4110 11,280
3920 8,500
3920 10,400
3600 12,200
3440 16,720
Second Feet. I ¦
DATE. IM'ngCo.
1300. 1901. Canal.
June 23....... 3So4 11,830 7
June 24 3842 9,000 7
June 25 3357 6,745 7
June 26 ¦ 3112 6,760 7
June 27 2912 4,895 7
June '28 2912 9,96p 7
June 29 2502 11,560 7
. Total
1901.
11.887
9.007
6,752
5,767
4,902
9,967
11,567
Total
1901.
Salt Lake ...• 29.88 98 BS NW Clear
San Francisco.... 29.98 58 48 SW Cloudy
San Luis Oblepo. 30.00 76 50 NW Clear
San Diego 29.86 68 62 NW Clear
Seattle s 30.10 TO 54 NW Clear
Spokane 29.92 S6 54 SW Clear
Neah Bay 30.16 58 48 W Clear
Walla Walla.... ..29.88 94 6S S Clear
Wlnnemucca ....29.82 S6 46 SW Cloudy
Vuma 23.68 110 74 SW Clear
BATLWAY TBAVEEL-
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO.
Trains l **JJ£" rl £J 1M ; 1 j M ; Oi "
(Main Hue. Toot ot Market Sfcwt.)
tlATl — F»0K Juirg 11 1901. — A»1T»
7>OW A Baniola. BaUon. Bbnizm, YacavO*. -
Kamsey mnd Usoramento «i«3»
7iSOa Martinex,8uiIUuion,VmUe]o.K»p^
U»lisu>f»»nd Santa Boss. «it3r
8:O»a Datia. Woodlaod. Knlgnta Lsadlnfc
MsxjSTUle. uro»Ute.. Ti»3»
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and East 1*>X9»
»h»»a NUes. L»throp, Stookton....^....... •Si»»»
MiOOa Miles, Mendota> Hanford. VisaUs.
Forterfilla 4»Ml>
S:3Ua Shiuta Express— DaTivWUliams (for
Bartlett SprlncsX Willows. Rod
Bluff, Portlaud. 7:33»
*i3»a San Jose, LiTermore, Stookloo,
lone, Sacramento. FUeerrllio,
M.rjiTffle, Chico, 1U4 Bluff...... 4tS8f
SiSOA Oakdale. Chinesa (Tosemlss). 3o-
nora. Gaiters 4s*S»
»:«»* Hajward. Nilcs and Way Station*.. 1 1 iM*
»<ooAVaiiejo : i*iaa>>
W:O«aLos Annies Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Lathrop. Btoekton. Meroed
Freano and Los An«*les TlSar
9tS0* VaUeJn, Marttnexaod Way Stations ?lO9*
1 OiOOa The Overland Limited— Ogden. &»n.
Tex, Omaha. Chicago •iBar
<l»«»r Saaaiueuto Uiter St««mers |5i00a
SiSOr Hayward. NUrs »nd Way Stations.. 7iS3r
4i0«r Uenieia. Waiters, Haotunento.
Woodland, Kulvbla Lauding,
MsnsvUle. OfoTllla 1»<S«U
4i«OpMarUuex, Hau ltaiuon, Talle]o,
Naiui. (,'allstoc*. Santa Uosa WitSx
4iOOr NUes, Livermoxe, Stockton, Lodl... 1Si«3r
4 «:i<»r Hayward. Mies, M*u Jnse. Urarmera t8!-t5*
4t8»» Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton ltuta*.
3;00r The Owl Limited— Fxesuo, Xulwe,
UikersBeld, Baugus tor S»uU Bar*
bara, Los Angeles • •w9a
SiOOp Martina. Antioch, Stockton. Met-
ced, Fresno i2'2«*
8iO«f Tosemlte lSiMv
3:»O p New Orleans Eiprew Mennota,
Fresno, Bskersfleid. Los Aogelesv
Dsming, El Paao, New Orleans
and East Tiaa*.
6>«0p Bsvwaid, Nlles and San Josa *«**»¦
fSivOp VafleJ« -. 111254
•iwttr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejenut.
Omaha. Chlosgo ia«a3#
BiOOr Oriental ilail— Ogieo, DenTer.
8s. Lotas. Chloago. 4«»3»
TiOOr Oregon ami Califorol* Exi>res»,Ha«.
mmanto. Marjs»lllo. lledillnf, „ __
rortlinxl. I'ngat Hound and Kast StSSa
••»5p San Pablo. P»c» Coata. MartrnfH
ami Wa» SUUoua n **? A
tSiQgp Vall«-»» 7**T
COAST IilNE (5»rrorf «»u 5 o).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
17 :43a Santa. Oruz Exonrsion to Omntm Cm ""
and Prlnc'pal Way Stations J9sO3»
»il»ANewaxW.Owiiter»llle,SanJose,FsItOB,
Boulder Cr.«k.8autaOrtM and Way _
Btatlons »»••»
tail *r ITewark. Oentor»IH#, Ban Jose. Now
AUnmrten, feltou. ISonlder Creek,
Santa Crux autl l'rluelpal Way ,
Stations !2 S ?J*
4il»p Newark, 8«u Jose. Los Gatos f8i«»4
a«»13p Qlenwood.BooldCT Creek. aanttCna s»»O»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIS /RiJCISCa-PMi «f Mul»t Strsat (Slip S)—
t7:15 9:00 ll:00».U. 1:03 3:00 tilir.U.
.'rtmOilUNa— Nil •[Bri»l««j.— 1«:00 X»M 13:01
10.00 *.«. 12:33 2:00 4:03 r.M.
COAST WNE (Uroad (Usge).
(l'hlrJ and Towmaiia Sta.)
Otio* San Jose and Way Htatloni.. ....... «»S«p
t7:0OA Hau Jose irntl Way SUtloua !•«•»
/7MMIA New Almaden /4sl«7
17:3»a Sunday Excursion for San Jete,
SasU Cruz. PidAo Oioto and
Principal Way Stations. tSiSOy
StO«A Haw .lose. Tres Pino*. Santa Cruz.
FaclUc «Jro»e, Ballnas. Sao Lids
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
dr»l intermedUte tsutions 7tS«r
10 j30a Saa Jose and Way Station*. *4*T
I I:3Oa Uau Jos* ami Way Stations StSOr
taiJ»rS»ii Mateo. ltedwood. Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Saci Josa.
Tres Finos, Bauta Criiz, Ballnaa,
Monterey and Pteiflc GroTs t'^*3*
R:3*»p San Joss and Way Stations »j3i»a
tl:15rSa>iJoi8an.lPrindpal WaySt»t!on» »<43a
t&i«op 9an Jos«, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations faH«*4
•¦i«30p SanJnaeaml Principal Way Stations S:3«a
OH»OpEedwoodjSanJo»e.01!r(>y. Baliaaa,
6a»ta Blrbara, Los Aoseles IOjO§a
fliOBp Del Monte, Monterey. Faaflc Giots,
Lompoo 1»>*M»4>
MtSOr Ban Josa and Way Stations t»'«°A
qlli45pSan Jose and Way 8tatlous ¦ 7t3»r
A for If ornlnf . P for A fternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t fmid* t only.
a Satard&y only. « MoniUy .
e Saturday sxti Hcnday. / Tuesdays and JMdagH.
CiLIFORHIi IORTHWESTEBI BI. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market SI.
6an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. »:00, 11:00 a_ xa.1 13:35,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 D. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpt at 1:50
and 11:30 r- m.
SUNDAYS — S:CO, 9:30. 11:00 a. xn.; l:*0, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
ban Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6: S3 ». m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 aw m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I ArrlT»
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. [ San Franotoca^
Week I Sun- I J Sun- I Wtelc
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato. 10:40 ami S:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
B:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| SdO pm
Fulton.
7:30 am 'Windsor. . 10:25 an*
5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala 7:35 pm tM pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm I Kopland |10:i0 am|10:26 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7^5 pm| «:20 pm
T:SO ami 110:40 am 10^S am
[8:00 am GuernevHle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm] 6:00 pm <:g> pn>
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:13 ami S:40 am
and 1 1
S:10pm S:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm[ «:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am|10:2S am
8:80 pml 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:25 pm| «:30 pnx
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrnrla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skag-gs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Hlehland Sprints. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at XJklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
8prlngs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Wltte*
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. L.lerley's. Bnckneirsv
Sanhedrin Heights,. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City. Kort Brars. 'West-
port, Usal. WllMts. Laytonvllle, Cirainins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . ¦
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
Building.
H. C. WH1T1NQ. *~ R. X. ICTAN, .
- Gen. Manager. Gen. Paao. Agt<
Santa Fe Trains
'Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Pally I • I Pally t Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:85 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
„•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a *
" Vlsalla .. 8:40 p 4:48 a ».
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p T:30 a —.
" Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a .........
" Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p ........
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation, ot lo-
cal flrst-dass passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally..
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts oat at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at
8:S5 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak*
land.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
TU IumU« rarrr— jTqm of Market St.
uvn •»(• ma. r : umvi ••<• nun.
,./•. „ WB8K DAYS ...
8.^)0 A.M.) ("12:15 P.M.
9:00 a. U. 1:15 y.M.
10*0 A. M. I STTCDATS - 830 F. M.
1130 A. it. f BLOATS 4^0 r.M.
1^0 P.M. 6SQT.U.-
236F.M.J 7:10 P. m;
Twn. Saa rrwMbw «• ftonBlt saS Bston. tH»
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SaxtsaHteyerry.
WfiBfly U tLOO.wfu.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. BCUTnAMPTON. LONDON. PiRIBl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul...... August 7 St. Paul...... August 28
8t Louis.. ...August 14 St. Louis. .September 4
Philadelphia .Aug^isJ 21 Philadelphia .;. Sept. 11
RED STAR LINE.,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland July 17 •Vaderland ..August 7
Pennland ¦.:.... '.July 24 Kensington -..August 14
South wark July 31 *Zeeland .....August 21
!* »Stop at Cherbourg,' eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery, ft
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong . with steamers fox
India, etc. '• No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday, July 17, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU... .Saturday. Aug. 19. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.........
• ......... ¦.....;.. Wednesday, September 4, 1901
Round-trip - tickets at • reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc»,
421 Market street, corner Firat. , . i^wW-V**-
-.--!¦ ' W. H. AVERY, General Agent. *
AUCTION SALES
PACK1N0-H0USE MACHINERY
SALE.
The following: described Machinery, formerly
the" property of ', .
UNION STOCK YARDS COMPANY,
of Rodeo, Cal.,
Will be sold at public auction on the prem-
ises at Rodeo on
MONDAY ..July 29, 1901
' • ¦ At 10 a. m.,
By the Present Owners, • A. Alper and N.
Ohlandt, to wit:
Engines, Boilers, Tanks. Vats, Belting, Pul-
leys, Shafting, Scales. Elevators, Miles cf Pip-
ing, all sizes, and Fertilizing Plant. Packing-
house, i Sausage-makinz and Can-makinK Ma-
chinery, etc., etc. All practically unused and
as good as new.
Catalogue with full description will be
mailed on application to ¦
N. OHLANDT & CO., 327 Market street.
Or A. ALPER, 217 First St.. San Francisco.
NOW IS THE ACCEPTED TIME-NO
NEED TO WAIT FOR OTHER SALES.
£* AUCTION SALE fe
of
50 head of BROKEN: WORK, DRIVING and
DRAFT HORSES, suitable for ANY PUR-
POSE. Being the THIRD consignment from the
ranches of J. W. CHURCHILL Esq., Yreka.
To be sold :
ii TO-MORROW.
MONDAY. JULY 8, 1901.
At 11 a. m. at
' SALESYARD, 1732 MARKET STREET,
Cor. VAN NESS AVE.
FRED H. CHASE &.CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Successors to Kllllp & Co.
Horses now at Yard.
OCEAN TxtAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
— . Steamers leave Broadway
»^ . . Wharf, San Francisco:
fBJSs-_i For Alaskan corts — 11 a. m..
SwrSS'V J ul >" 5 - 10 - 15 > "°- 25> 30 - Au *
EfiatfQSWj. 4. Chanxe to company's
R^i ?*&£?& steamers at Seattle.
B^V'm'S \Al V°r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
If&vS!2&3»il C), Port Townsend Seattle,
' f^^SislSfiiita Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
** "^d New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 5. 10. 15. 20, 25. 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
tor N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 1, 6, 11. 15. 20. 25. 30, Aug. 4, 9, 13. 18. 23.
23, Sept. 2. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, It. n.;
eteamer Corona, Wednesdays, 9 a. ta.
Fcr Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterery, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (»Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay, Saturdays. 9 a. m.: Steamer Bo-
i nita, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
! Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
; month. , • •
Fcr further Information obtain companrs
folders).
The comrany reserves tho right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO.
Only EI*e»jEB.*lLlx> Zilae «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Through fiskets to all
points, all ratl or steamshlD and rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BESTB and HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12. 22, August 1, 11, 21. 31
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER
Sails July 7, 17. 27. August 6. 16. 2S
, D.W.HITCHCOCK,Gen.Agt.,l Montgom'y, S.7.
SECOND TRIP
. Of the Palatial Steamer, .
JOHN S. KIMBALL
July 14. from San Francisco Direct to
NOMEr
Teller, 'Golofnln, St. Michael, etc.
Safety, Speed and Comfort.
Passenger and Freight Rates tho
LOWEST.
CHAS CONKLIN & CO., Agents.
New Office. 710 Market st.
VVVmHVV.V»VV« DIRECT LINE 10 TAHITI
BS VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, July 11, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, August 1, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Tuesday, August 6, 10 a. xn.
J. D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Guara! Agsnts, 327 Harfat St
(SenT Passenger Office, 643 Harkst St., rar la. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports.' Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3, 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....July 171 PERU August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 2l| GUATEMALA ..Aug 22
These steamers are built expressly (or Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Pr.nama.) ' Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R, *%£
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA DIRECT:
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40.
6. S. Leelanaw calls Mond jy, ¦ July IS
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, AujJ. 12
S. 6. Leelanaw. sails Monday. Au&. 26
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger 'office, 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPASNIB GENEBALE TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. UMi^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of 4HlHT1»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, sJIsss^ai
North River, foot of Morton street; La Gas-
cogne. July 11: *La Normandle, July 18; La
Bretagne, July 25; La Champagne, August 1.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FoTirriiA^^
Steamers GEN. PRISBIE or MONTICELLO ,
9:15 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. xn., except Bun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. xn., g:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 13:30 noon. C p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. .4:15 p. m, Fara M
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
flee. pUr 2. Mlsslon-wt. dork. HATCH BROS.
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Parry.
Commencing April 28, 1501.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 3:30. *9:30. -11:00 'a. m.,
12:45. 'IAS, 3:15, 4:15. 6:15,.*6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. tM>. »9:00, 'lO^. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. n:30, 2:30, «S:45, 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. in. 11.00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. «:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m., *12:25. 1:15, 2:20. •3:35.4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAY8-€:15. »8:00. 9:45. »ll:00 a. m., *12
m.. 1:00, 3:15, "3:30. 4:30. •..•5:45, «:45. 7:30, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, .10:50 a.
m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. •-
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m., 18:15,
1-20 2:30. 3:45, 5:00, 6:15, 7:13, 10:30 p. m.
-' THROUGH TRAINS^,
1:20, 2:30, 3:45, 5:00, 6:15. 7:15, 10:23 p. m.
tlons. ¦'".'- r " — '
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . • ¦ -
5:15 p. m. week days. (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
. 6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ~ :/••::"? -,'Celluloid Is manufactured • by dissolving
nitrocellulose in camphor;' that is to say,
forming a mixture of nitrocellulose, cam
phor and alccboL.
A'W r T CT '-T^ KN'Ptt.
Grand Opera-house — "The Only 'Way.'* ¦ ;•_ V-
Central— "Davy Crockett." B|j*g
Tlvoll— "Babe« In the. Wood."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flajs."
' Olympla, corner Mason and Sddy streets-
Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer* »— Vaudeville.
• Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming-.
BALTIMORE, July 6.— The number of
deaths In this city for the week ending to
day is 453, the highest of which the health
department has any record. Of these 23d
were children under 5 years old. At least
50 per cent of the mortality Is said by the
health officials to be due either directly or
Indirectly to the Intense heat.
The hot spell was at least temporarily
ended this afternoon by a thunder-storm,
which came up about 3:30 n. m.. and sent
the mercury down from S6 to 63 la less
than an hour.
DEATH Ain> PROSTRATION.
, WASHINGTON, July t— Five deaths and,
six prostrations from the heat were re
ported to-day, all but one of the deaths,
however, being attributable to the heat
of yesterday.
The Sierra makes only one round trip
to Hawaii. On her return she will go out
August 1 on her regular run to Australia
and the Mariposa on her arrival on the
22d inst. will take up the Honolulu' busi
ness. The next steamship to sail for the
"Islands carrying passengers will be the
Ventura, whirh leaves here, next Thurs
day for Sydney, N.. S. W., vii Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland. . . .,..„;..
Those who sailed on the Sierra were:
Mrs. TV. G. Irwin. Mrs. Iver*. R. Ivers. J.
TJT. Sarle. Dr. E. O. Coehrane, W. a. Eclorr
M. Eploff. J. H. Mull. Mr Thompson. P. Kr£
xer. Miss J. T. Mclntyrc. H. Gordon. R. A.
McKeasue, Alex II Watson, J. G. Wooley, J.
T. Sprlnrston. wif* and two children: W. H
B&urfc. C. Williams, a. I*. Black. Mra. M.
Gother and Miss R. Schubert.
Both steamehips took away all the
freight they could carry. - - «•. '.
Dr. A. "W. Rannells and wife, Luis Lopez.
J. 6t Guerrera, T. Gutierrez. Trinidad S. Cas
tillo. M*rcellna Castillo. Candelari* Castillo.
Lc!a Castillo. Juan Jimlnez. A. D. HIdrdon.
Carlo* Gomez, James Browning, M. C. Michael
eon and G. H. Gray.
•The departure of two mail steamships
made things busy for a few hours yester
day, but after their departure there was
"nothing doinp." The Tucapel got away
at 1 p. m. for Central and South American
ports and an hour later the Sierra sailed
for Honolulu. Neither vessel carried
many passengers, nor were there many
people down to see them away. Tho«e
who sailed on the Tucapel were:
The past week has been the 'dullest the
water front has seen in many \l month.
There Is a whole fleet of coasters due. but
none of them seem able to make port. The
callings also have been very light. The
comings and~ polngs have been very - few
and far between. ¦ From sundown on the
4th to 5 p, m. yesterday there were only
three arrivals— the steamers>t>oos Bay
and San Pedro from southern ports and
the City of Puebla from Puget Sound.
Quiet Along the Front.
Maurice Hayes, aged 26 years, residing
at 913 Harrison street, was treated at" St.
Luke's Hospital yesterday for a gunshot
wound In the left side and left forearm.
Hayes' statement of the shooting: Is to the
effect that while hunting at La Honda In
San Mateo County, his gun went off acci
dentally, lodging the contents in his side..
He came back to the city on the San Joaa
local and was taken to the hospital, wher*
he is at present. -The attending physicians
entertain hopes for his recovery.
Accidentally Shot While Hunting.
Shasta led all the mineral counties of
the tetate last year. • Nevada Is the banner
county of California in gold production,
on the basis of the mineral returns of the
State for 1900. as reported by State Min
eralogist Aubury. Nevada County also
leads in pyrites, but the amount of the
latter is email— only $17,550— whereas the
gold output of the county was $1,812,036.
Shasta County is the leader In copper pro
duction. Incjt ed. of the entire copper output
of the State last. year, which was $4,748,242,
Shasta must be credited with $4,166,735. Pe
troleum is the third mineral product of
the State and Los Angeles carried off the
banner for that, the figures being $1,722,
887. Shasta County led in silver produc
tion, its output of that metal being $635,
640.' Napa is the largest quicksilver pro
ducer, making -a record of $403,500. - San
The Banner Counties.
The relative value of the principal min
eral products of the State is: Gold, copper,
petroleum, silver, quicksilver, borax.
The total values of hydrocarbons and
gases was $4,512,951. an increase of $1,332,
931, Including asphaltum, bituminous rock,
natural gas and petroleum. The total val
ue of structural material was $2,574,067, an
Increase of $191,720. This Includes brick
and pottery clays, hydraulic cement, lime
and limestone, macadam, rubble and con
crete rock, paving blocks, marble, granite,
sandstone, serpentine slate, quartz sand
and glass sand.
Tbe total mineral output of the State
last year was $32,622,945. In the previous
year the total product was valued at $29,
313,460, so that the increase for the year is
$3,309,4S5. The total product of metallic
substances for the year 1900 was $23,358,
730. an Increase of .$2,053,707. This includes
gold, silver, mineral paint, quicksilver, an
timony, copper,- lead, manganese and
chrome. Silver is given in coining value.
The total of non-metallic substances was
$2,177,197. a decrease of $268,873. This in
cludes borax, coal, mineral waters, salt,
asbestos, gypsum, magnestite, pyrites,
llthia-m!ca, fullers earth, quartz crystals,
soda, tourmaline and turquoise.
Gain of^ Three Millions
in Output for Last
Year.
STATE'S MINES
VERY THRIVING
After the Installation of tha officers of
Harmony Lodge No. 9, A- O. TJ. "W., by
District Deputy Hansen and other grand
officers last night. Grand Recorder Spen
cer, on behalf of the lodge, presented to
William J. Condon, the retiring master
workman, a very fine gold watch as a
mark of appreciation or his services aa
overseer, foreman and master workman.
After the presentation there was an ex
cellent programme of music, songs and
recitation by members of the order, also
short addresses by grand officers.
Watch Presentation.
.All the asbestos produced In - Calif ornla
In 1900 was from Riverside County. As
phalt was produced in Kern, Los Angeles,
Antimony.' $5700:." asbestos. $1850; asphalt,
$253,950; bituminous rock. $71,495; borax (re
fined). $165,036; borax' (etude), $S4S.215; r cement,
$121,000; chrome, $1400;- clay . (brick), $905,210;
clay (pottery), $60,956: "'coal, ' $535,631: copper,
$4,748,242; fullers earth, $3750; Rold. $15,863,355;
granite. $295,772: gypsum, $10,0S8; lead, $41,600;
lime, I2S3.699; limestone $31,532; llthia mica.
$ll,060; macadam, $262.5<0; magneslte, $19,333;
manganese, $1310; marble. $5831;- mineral paint,
$3993: mineral waters. $268,607; natural gas,
$34,578; paving blocks, $23,775; petroleum, $4,152.
928; pyrites, $21,133; quarts crystals. $13,CO0;
quicksilver, $1,182,786; rubble, $299,072;. . salt,
$204,754; sand (glass), $2000; sand (quartz), $200;
sandstone, $254,140; serpentine, $2000; sliver,
$1,610,344: soda, $50,000: slate, $26,250; tourma
line, $500; turquoise, $20.000. .
The values of the minerals that made up
the total of $32,622,945 are reported by the
State Mineralogist to be according to the
following summary: . : .
Detailed Mineral Values.
Shasta. $5,574,023; Los Angeles. $2,155,198; San
Bernardino. $1,965,143; Nevada. $1,916,899; Cala
veras. $1,905,856; Kern. $1,867,856; Tuolumne, $1.
639,258; Amador. $1,479,009; Placer. $1,128,882;
Siskiyou. $1,010,383; Mono, $752,121; Trinity,
$€9S,€89; Sierra, $663,159; Alameda, $639,771;
Fresno, $609,847; Santa Barbara. $328,439; Butte.
$500,786; Santa Clara. $497,386: Napa. $439,100;
Ventura, $476,161: Inyo. $430,583; El Dorado,
$426,420; San Diego, $402,061; Plumas, $369,379;
Riverside. $285,112; Yuba, $284,631; Madera.
$2C8.467; Sacramento, $259,439; Orangre, $259,174;
San Benito. $205,650;. Marin, $202,500; Santa
Cruz. $191,091: Lake. $172,745; Mariposa. $171.
516; Sonoma, $157,135: Contra Costa, $146,900;
Humboldt, $118,827; San Luis Obispo,. $$5,626;
San Francisco, $58,400; San Joaquin, $39,862;' So
lano. $24,700; Tulare. $21,666; Stanislaus, $21,405;
Lassen, $20,483; Monterey, $19,175; San Mateo,
$16,500; Colusa, $13,930: Mendocino, $8448; Kings,
$5000; Del Norte, $3483; Tehama, $2200; Yolo,
$1760. ,. ¦ ¦ . : .
The total values of mineral output for
each county in the State, without segre
gating the Items, is reported by Mineralo
gist Aubury, indicating relative mineral
rank, as follows: ' .
Records in Dollars*
Bernardino County produced borax -worth
$099,350. The banner counties in other min
erals are the following:
Alameda leads In salt, coal, . macadam
and manganese; Amador leads in marble,
Calaveras In mineral paint and quartz
crystals; El Dorado In slate, Inyo in lead,
antimony and soda; Los Angeles in petro
leum, brick, gypsum and serpentine; Mon
terey in. limestone, Napa in quicksilver,
mineral 'waters and magnesite; Placer in
granite, Riverside in pottery clay, asbes
tos and quartz sand; Sonoma-County pro
duced the most paving blocks; iBanta Bar
bara leads in sandstone, rubble and as
phalt; Santa Cruz produces the most bi
tuminous rock and lime; San Diego leads
in* lithia, mica and tourmalin«; San Jua
quin leads in natural gas.
Two counties lead in four things—Ala
meda and Los Angeles. Six lead in three
substances — Inyo, Napa, Shasta, Santa
Barbara, San Bernardino and Riverside —
and the* counties of Nevada. Santa Cruz
and Calaveras lead in two products. The
other counties named have the lead in one
substance each.
¦Petroleum was: produced- in Fresno,
Kern, -Los 'Angeles, Orange, Santa Bar
bara- and "Ventura- counties. Quicksilver
came ;* from ¦ Colusa, Lake, . Napa," San
Benito, San Luis Obispo, Santa Clara.
Sonoma and^ Trinity. Rubble was quarried
in -.. the counties; of -fcos Angeles, .Marin,
Monterey," San - Diego, San- Francisco,
Santa Barbara, ~ San Luis Obispo, San
Mateo, Solano and -Ventura. ' The salt
came ' from ¦ Alameda, Colusa,* 1 '• Riverside
and San Dietro counties. .The quartz sand
came from Riverside. Sandstone was from
Los Angeles, Orange, • Santa Barbara,
Santa Clara, Ventura and Yolo counties;
The serpentine was from Los Angeles, the
elate from El .Dorado and the soda from
Inyo County. Quartz crystals came from
Calaveras, tourmaline from San Diego and
turftuolse from San Bernardino County. -
Santa Barbara and Ventura counties.
Bituminous rock came from San Luis
Obispo and Santa Cruz. The borax yield
was from Inyo and San Bernardino. Brick
clays were utilized in Alameda, Fresno,
Humboldt, Kern, Kings, Los Angeles, Ma
dera, Marin, Mendocino, Monterey, River
side, Sacramento, San Diego, San Joaquin,
San Luis Obispo, San Mateo, San Joaquin,
bara, Santa Clara, Shasta, Sonoma,
Tehama, Tulare and Ventura counties.
Pottery clay came from Amador, Placer,
Los Angeles, Santa Clara and Riverside,
AJ1 the hydraulic cement came from San
Bernardlnp County.
Coal, Copper and Oil.
Coal was produced in Alameda, Amador,
Contra Costa, Orange and Riverside. The
copper was mined In Amador, Calaveras,
El Dorado, Kern, Madera, Nevada, San
Bernardino and Shasta counties. The
pyrites were from Calaveras and Nevada
counties. Granite was . quarried in the
counties of Madera, Placer, Riverside,
Sacramento, San" Bernardino, San Diegp,
Trinity, Santa Barbara, Tulare and Ven
tura, i •
All the fullers earth came from Kern
County. Gypsum was produced in Los
Angeles and Tulare counties. The lead
was " from Inyo, Mono and San Ber
nardino counties. Lime and limestone
were quarried in El Dorado, Kern, Mono,
Monterey, Santa Barbara, San Benlto, San
Bernardino, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz,
Shasta and Solano counties. San Diego
was the only producer of llthia mica.
The principal macadam quarries are in
Alameda, Los Angeles, Sacramento, San
Benito, ' San Bernardino, San Francisco,
San Mateo.' Santa Barbara" and Solano
counties. The magneslte came from
Alamefla, Tulare,~ Napa and Santa Clara
counties and the manganese from
Alameda and Santa' Clara. Marble was
quarried in Amador County. ""
Mineral paint .was mined in Calayeras
and Stanislaus counties. The mineral
springs which utilized the waters com
mercially are In Butte. Colusa, Contra
Costa, Fresno, Humboldti Lake, Mendo
cino, Monterey, Napa, San Benito, San
Diego, Santa Barbara, Santa Clara,
Shasta,. Slsklyou, Sonoma and Solano
counties. Natural gas was utilized in Sac
ramento, San Joaquin and Santa Barbara
counties. - Paving blocks or basalt were
quarried In . San Bernardino, Solano and
Sonoma counties. w^ffiKfr**^
I. C. Scharff reports the sale of twelve
flats on the east line of Stevenson street.
85 feet south from Hermann street, for
Hattie O'Brien to Christian Stahl for $14,
000; six fiats on the south line of Shipley
street, 100 feet from Harrison avenue for
$3500; also 680 acres In Kings County to W.
¦W. Ward for the San Francisco Savings
Union for $6850; 800 acres near Cloverdale
to M. F. O'Brrna ol IUinoU for $5000: 625
Lot 36x117:6. on the east line of Dolores
street. 147 -«outh from Twenty-second, from
Roslna W. Barton to John F. Byrne, for $2500;
lot 25x90 with house, on the east line of Sixth
street. 125 south from Bryant, from F. K.
Speckman to A. W. Scott for $5000; lot 25x100
on the east line t>f Arkansas street. 225 north
of Colusa street, from the Potrero Land and
Water Front Company to Magdalena Vander
Borden for $450; v lot 100x100, in Potrero N'uevo
block 293, from the Potrero Land and Water
Company to Joseph B. Coryell for $2000; house
and lot 27:6x137:8. on the south line of Green
street. 110 west from Scott, from John G.
Roberts to R. J. Bentley for $9000.
Oscar Heyman reports sale of lot 25x80,
with a 4-room cottage, on the west line of
Roscoe avenue, 100 feet south from Cres
cent avenue, for $1500; five lots in block
H of the Mission-Street Land" Company
tract for $600; also a 6-room cottage- on a
lot 25xS0 on the west line of Tremont ave
nue, 60 feet north from Frederick street,
for $250C. N
Sales are reported by O. D. Baldwin &
Son as follows:
Houses and Lots.
Lot 43:6x137:6, with two flats,* on the north
line of Vallejo street.' 162:6 east of Leaven
worth, from Mrs. Irwin to ¦William Meinberg
for $6000; lot 80x137, on the north line of Val
lejo street, 102 west of Devlsadero, on" pri
vate terms; lot 33xlC0, on the west line of
Connecticut street,- 300 north from Twenty
second.* $1100; lot 25x127:8%, on the south- line
of Clay street, ¦ 135 . west from Cherry. $1650;
lot 25x137:6, on the north line of Waller street,
106:3 east of Pierce, $2700; lots 7 and 8. In block
14, of Sunnyside tract. Mill Valley. $S0O; lot 2
in block 12 of the same . tract. $500," and lot
8 in block 18 of the same tract. $500.
The northeast corner of O'Farrell street
and Ada court has been purchased by
George H: Lent of Hooker & Lent from
JuMus Gately.
Guy T. Wayman has sold for Charles
Schleslnger to Charles Hug 50x85 on the
northwest line of Howard street, 125 feet
northeast from Second street, for $35,000.
Sales are reported by McAfee Brothers
as follows:
Lot 27:6xi20 and 3-story building at S35 and
937 McAllister street, from Mrs. Felg to C. J.
Jansen for $8100; lot 45:10x58:9. with four flats,
on the east line of Jones streets 45:10 south
from Vallejo. from F. ¦ E. " Mascherlnl to A.
Bond for $3300; lot 87:6x68:9, with cottage, at
78' Cook street, near Point Lobos avenue, from
Ellsha Freeman to John Nolan for $1025; lot
24:8x80 with 2-story house, on the south line
of Minna street. 123:4 feet east from Sbcth.
has been sold by Charlotte H. Foulfc.es to A.
M. Speck for $3500.
A. M. Speck & Co. report the following
sales: . • .
Brokers Make Sales.
$7,816,443. The debt on San Francisco
realty therefore advanced only $3,439,661,
while the sales were $14,456,973.
The Building Review makes a summary
of , the building operations In the city for
six-month periods during a number of
years. The $4,000,000 mark has been
touched only four times since 1884. In 1S&
the total value of buildings erected in the
first six months was $4,267,375; in 1890, $5.
576,007; in 1891. $4,576,070. The month of
June, 1901, leads June, 1890 by a slight
margin, the buildings of the first men
tioned month representing a value of $1,
057,776. as against $1,021,218 in June, 1900.
On June 30. 1901, the deposits in the sav
ings banks of San Francisco amounted to
J135,26J,308. The money loaned by. the
banks' on real .estate amounted to $64,121,
360, or. 47 per cent of the deposits. Twenty
years ago. 75 per cent of the deposits was
loaned", on real- estate. The. mortgages
for the first six months of the year in San
Francisco amounted to $11,256,104. ; The re
leases ' of the - same - period - were - In total
Progress of Building.
The • remainder of the year. wltlT>the
costly and large buildings already planned
and the many others yet to be arranged
for will add enough to the showing of
the first of the present year to break the
record for 1S9L
' The ' sales ' of realty In the first jj 3lx
months of 1901 aggregated -2223 in number
and ;. $14,516,988 in value, as against 1783
sale's representing $10,890,563 for the first
half of 1900, and 1566 Bales representing
$7,289,624 , for the first six months of 1899.
Thomas. Magee & Sons in their real estate
circular- write that uniesa the existing
strikes last long, the city, real estate sales
of the last half of the year will consider
ably ' exceed thosa of the first half.
Altogether the outlook for the year Is
excellent. . '..-...
I The statistical review of buildings erect
ed and of sales of realty effected* during
the first half of the present year affords
a fair and unimpeachable basis for esti
mating 1 the advancement of San Fran
cisco. The building statistics for the six
months show a total of 763 structures, of
which the aggregate Value is $4,090,955.
This Is the best record since 1S91 in num
ber of Improvements and also in total
value of the structures. "-Z.J. '"X:
First Half of the Year
Makes Excellent
Showing. .;'.'"
REALTY RECORD
HITS TOP NOTCH
acres for $5000; 120 acres near Soquel tot
J6000.
. President, W. J. Black; vice president. James
Bell: recording secretary. W. H. Bemlss; finan
cial secretary, J. G. Fallon; treasurer, Thomas
McOulre; conductor, H. A. Butler: warden.
Thomas O'Brien; trustee, long term, J. Fris-
Icen; auditors — W. Keergard.- J.- Beatty, C L.
Roulo; delegates to district council— H. A.
Butler. W. Keergard. James Bell, H. A. Scho
ben; delegates to Building Trades Council—
W. H. Beraiss. George H. McLoughlln P J.
Eulllvan. J. Ready, Thomas O'Brien.
had not been perfected.
The proposition to establish a weekly
labor organ does not agree with the opin
ions of a majority of the members of
Carpenters' Union No. 22. which at Its
last meeting adopted a series of resolu
tions, concluding as follows:
¦Resolved. That we pledge our hearty support
to Organized Labor <the present publication)
anfl commend Its efficient management and the
untiring zeal of Us able editor. O. A. Tveit
rnoe; and. be it further
Resolved. That we deplore the action taken
by the email sister union, and although we do
not wish to criticize its members generally,
still we are firm In our belief that among the
members of this yo'ing sister organization
there were two or three who, by reason of petty
envy and unmanly jealously of more able men.
succeeded In poisoning the minds of the re
mainder, who. through prejudice or 'indiffer
ence,, totally forgot their obligation as union
xnes and their duty as men to the cause of
organized labor.
Millmen's Union No. 423 has elected and
Installed the following named officers:
Several representatives of the various j
local unions met last night at 927 Market I
street and discussed the details of the !
formation of a "united labor party." The j
meeting was executive and the chair- '
man at Its close announced that the plans )
filxth— Where extraordinary precautions are
required, either of the following solutions may
be used to advantage for antiseptic purposes:
\ 1— Alcohol (pure), 05 per cent proof.
2— Lysol (L.. & F.). 2 per cent solution. •
3— Pyrozone (McK. & R-). one part to eight
parts of boiled water.
4— Hydrogen dioxide (Oakland), one part to
eight parts of boiled water.
fc— Bensolyptus (Schiefflln), one part to six
parts of boiled water.
Seventh — The use of a sponge for public use
Is hereby prohibited.
Eighth— For disinfecting cuspidors or other
vessels. Plan's Chlorides are recommended as
eafe and efficacious in the proportion of one to
eight, parts of water, but they should first be
cleansed dally by flushing them under a hy
drant or hose.
r Ninth— Pulvola. being an lmpalable and anti
septic powder, could be used with advantage on
an Irritable -skin in place of the cheap talcum
powder now in use.
.Tenth — The barber should wash his hands In
running water before handling each customer.
After stropping the razor it should be wiped
vlth gauze or cotton wet with alcohol before
putting it on a man's face.
Eleventh— Hair brushes can be thoroughly
sterilised by baking for a few moments after
ore In a small tin oven 4x10 inches, and should
be washed thoroughlv with strong soap under
hot running water every day.
Twelltb— Sea sponges should be discarded and
replaced by a clean towel or surgeon's gauze, j
<costlng only 15 cents for five yaitls). It !s ab- j
eolutely necessary that clean unused towels be i
used on each custorcer. j
Caution— When usiap water to cleanse with I
It should be runnln; water.
A card containing these rules, -when
finally adopted, must be placed in each
shop. Under section 14 of Its act creating- I
the State Board of Barber Examiners j
power is vested in the officers of the Stale
and Municipal Boards of Health to ex
amine into the sanitary conditions of ail
barber shops and provide rules and regu
lations for their proper conduct.
The certificate of registration, a very
handwrnely engraved document. Is now
ready, and will be sent out on Monday. It
is printed on heavy vellum. At each side
of the seal of the State, in the center, is
a barber pole, executed In the colors of
the profession.
Chairman Goff and Secretary Ed Rosen
b«Tg of the San Francisco Labor Council j
vif-ited a larere number of jobbing- butchers
yesterday and discussed the .situation rc
parding the ultimatum of the butchers.
They were well received, but no -denntto
results were reached. A report will b *. \
made to the executive committee as soon i
as sufficient data are gathered. -
. Ab a result of the investigations of the
local barber "colleges" made on Friday
afternoon by State Barber Examiner Ca
lisn a series of sanitary rules has been
proposed. Examiners Calish and Drake
called upon Dr. Williamson, president of
the Board of Health, and submitted the
proposed rules to him for examination. As
Beveral of the States where the barbers
hi«V6 boards of examiners have already
adopted similar rules, the same will be ef
fectively placed in force In this city. These
rules will be embraced, on the recom
mendation of the Board of Health, in an
ordinance to be submitted to the Board
of Supervisors, and an infraction of them
irtxl be made a misdemeanor. The sug
f.estions presented are as follows:
First— Absolute cleanliness in every detail of
•work and environment Is the underlying princi
ple of tonsorial sanitation.
Second— The methods of enforcing the above
principles should be simple, safe, effectual and
convenient in application.
Third— For cleansing purposes usually strong
soap and hot water will meet most of the re
quirements.
Fourth — Towels and linen should be thorough
ly boiled when laundered and kept In places
secure from dust and other impurities and fre- 1
cuent handling. Brushes, combs, shaving cups. |
razors and soap should be kept in clean glass
cases, aiid never used without being thoroughly
cleansed with soap and hot running water, the
brushes afterward dipped In 95 per cent alcohol
If desired. .
Fifth— In shaving or cutting the hair of cus
tomers who -have eruptions of the scalp or face,
particular attention should be paid to cleans
ing everything used on them, with due refer
ence to antisepsis. In thesse cases sponges,
brushes or combs should be thoroughly boiled
or disinfected with a 5 per cent solution of car
bolic acid before being used again. The razor
can be made safe by washing In running water
with soap and wiped with gauze wet with al
cohol.
Restaurants.
by the Board of
Inquiry Into the Troubles
. Between Butchers and
Examiners.
PROPOSED RULES
FOR TRE BARBER
•¦ . • • • ' -^j
Regulations Suggested j
THT3 SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, JIJIiT 7, 1901.
32
I ¦--'•• : — Hala'g.
Dress Shields}*
. Sizes 2 and 3— a shield bought to
sell at 15c, but upon close inspection
we found them a bit faulty as re-
gards the finish; but it's a hurt that
don't hurt— their usefulness is not
spoiled— only the price — oc.
Another extra value in notions to-
day: VAX-
10c Finishing Braid 5c.
600 pieces white cotton finishing: braid
%-inch wide— in several different pat-
terns— 6 yards to the piece— 5c.
Oxford 5vitin$s
23*—used lor ties «
' It looks like madras, but it h an
Oxford— the chosen material for
summer ties — quite suitable also for
men's shirts^ — the patterns are mostly
striped and fancy weaves— colors are
light. .
Dress Ginghams
WY- have been jotr .
"27-inch materials in mostly plaid
patterns — some 50 pieces that have
been selling at ioc will be hurried out
at 7c.
rovntnm Pens95
And they are the genuine kind, too
—sold everywhere for $1.50. We sell
them for 95c, and give you as rigid
and lasting a guarantee as if you paid
$1.50. •
Veilings "'
Not a yd- worth Jess than PJ*
Only once before have we offered
anything as pretty and low priced as
this.,
. THat was the biggest veiling day
on record, and it was during the
week. Now we've got enough to en-
title it to a Sunday mention:
More than a thousand yards of good
all-silk Tuxedo veilings, in plain or
dotted effects, 18 Inches wide— black,
white, brown or black on white or
white on black— 23c veilings now 9c.
Is there a. woman who can afford to
skij> this offer?
Jrigootf
<s8? ggSMKfe^ Gloves 69
"j Tv^Sr The maker expected they'd be sold for a
/**T\Wvl fify They're not tor one day, but until told—
I \ Yvvy^^X Wv^ww C° me Tuesday for them as well as
\ ; \ W' J^ \ y^^J,'/ /• Monday. No partiality with us. Our
,—^ — j — '¦' A i v ¦ 9* ) \ glove business wouldn't have grown
to its present proportion if we'd been narrow in our offers.
At this remarkable price are two remarkable gloves. !
18OO pairs 2-CLASP LAMBSKIN JOVERSE AM ftf)C
and 6 'tf pairs CHAMOIS GLOVES at ONE PRICE O^^
. The lambskins come in red (6 to 7H) and tan' (6j4 to >#)•
The chamois in mode, white. naturaL and gray— sH to 7. ' » _.
AHoinhle Offering of
LaceAll-ovePS undeFftriced>
We're highly elated over this ne ws. Women who learn of this will b*
too. Everybody wants laces, so wh ile the demand is increasing our price.!
are decreasing. What a fine example of our July policy! \Ve determined
long ago to make a new July record. This .is the way we do it.
23c for 50c and 35c 75c for $1.00 to $1.50
All-Over Laces. All-Over Laces.
Some 8C0 yards white Nottingham laces. 18 »0 yard* In this lot, and ta«r are «O th»
Inches wide, in a large variety of fancy favorite Venlse sort. In ecru and cream-
scrolls stripes, bow knots and lace bead- 18 Inches wide— rome tan different pat-
Ing effects, terns at one price— 75c & rard.
K&LJB&LdBP • Market Street
Goo/>^^ Golden Gate.
w6m£$Mlorc4 3mi$-
They're all Summer Styles.
'_,: Faultlessly Made. * [
A few are from regular stock, most of them but recently here from the designers
. °YS\ich low prices- are. seldom linked with such" high making. If you don't
look beyond the prices you'll naturally think there is something wrong with the
garments. That's where the best part of the bargain is. The styles couldn't
be more up to date; the making, and finishing couldn't be more to your
liking. They are suits you want but at prices commonly asked for what you
don't want.
Every Woman 'May- Be. Suited at These Prices.
We don't expect to sell something else on the strength of them. If alter-
ations are necessary we'll make them, except ;
At $4.95, a dollar extra must bc\charged if changes are made.
Some women would rather make the changes themselves. And we've fig-
ured the saving, so it would pay them to do it
$4.95. $12.75.
TiT-i'm,«^«* e,ii«. in now Kin» «r Mark Homespuns in navy blue and black— Eton
wMoiSetrLs^d bKf nttZw Jackets wheh Jackets, with a swell turn down 1'AIglon col-
tpO.OU. Etamine suits in blue and black, taffeta lined
Homespun suits of all wool, in light, medium throughout— the Jacket Is an Eton, opened down
and Oxford gTays •with a stylish Eton Jacket the front — Its chicness is strengthened by a
that fits tight and is double-breasted— lined standing 1'^.Iglon collar— the bell-shaped
with silk serge— the skirt has seven gores, flares sleeves help to make it attractive— the skirt
and is lined throughout with percallne and has a flaring flounce— either lined with silk or
bound with velveteen: 34 to 42. This, too. Is with a separate silk drop skirt,
more for the money than you usually get but .. , ; • a»«r» r\n —
that's the spirit back of all ouf July offerings. $10.00.
$18.75." '.Stylish. Venetian ''suitg' in 1 black or gray-the
v«vj.»«^. jacket is the collarless Eton so much sought
Pebble cheviot navy blue and black, as well after now. by dressy women— lined with taffeta,
as Oxford homespuns, with tight-fitting Eton made more striking with a pretty taffeta vest.
Jacket silk lined with a flare flounce skirt; The sleeves are bell shaped, nad the skirt has
some have silk lining, others silk drop skirts. 7 gores, .percallne lined and velveteen bound.
.AJ^ImUsO Oil Steves '
-Tf^^ t ' ' J f "' h i"" '' !rr^ ' an< l Baffin^ Ovens L
~jf<r^ -^^Zp&zr* -^ \^<^ The oil stoves are well known blue
' \^^ii^^^^z~~y'^^^ flame "Monarch" make, very latest im-
rP 1 ?^^^^^!^®^? proved wickless drip process— all war-
M-ii^'^C^Iip C£==l \ W\ W-% ranted to give satisfaction.
\r - 'siA fLs»— J^ ! I Wt $+.95 for Two-Burner Stoves.
J^ • s^vi\ -\" i !?• Were formerly $6.95.
tlA W^^ZL^^^ : 'h r^ $6 90 f op Three-Bupnep Stoves.
;;» ,. _ =:::^SflWr xJJ They were formerly $8.95.
lip 1 \ ''iji. /y A clear saving in both cases of $2.00.
4 — • — jy <^^^-/ Isn't that worth considering:?
T Gas Stoves SI. 75. reduced from
. IS2.5O— they are generously full stoves.
Detract JUS 1/3 give a good, large flame and are solidly
¥ J~- r * » A#^w . r*-*.*tw*< and heavily made throughout.
LUWJ1 flQWCl $ c,n6 Baking Ovens 81.84. reduced from
garden hose continues- Baking^vens JMS^^ reduced Jrom
We started last week with one 01 Hne'd with asbestos, have open flues and
the liveliest sales in the history of the are spjen^d, qu i C k bakers,
down-stairs store. It takes In gar- R0ASTINO PANS , 39c-They have a cover
den things of every description— some a^ u^ made to ho - ld a 10 -ib roast-thoso for
of the best of them are good enough J™. lb are 2Oc.
tO L^wn Mowers S2.25-l0-inch size, Other kitchen necessities of July re-
they cut smooth and ciean, run easily ductions:
—good enough for any family— 12-inch BR ooMS. 25c— "Worth 85c
ones at J2.45. , *~, TO WOOL DUSTERS— Worth 25c, now lOe.
Garden Hose 10c,- reduced, irom HOUS b hammers— worth 20c, now ioc. :
13 c _Heavy 4-ply hose, of sturdy CLOTHES WRINGERS— Worth |1 75, now
quality-the kind that lasts. 9 o c . . _• -
Hose Beels 75c, reduced from $1 WASHBOABDS-Worth 85c, now 24c
Market Street tf&JgLfMF 'jW \*&^®,*&m
Opposite JW j ~Z^gZT~ — " — ____^^^
Golden Gate. g^ s?SB! * w> -~-- - — ""^ ¦ ¦ ' *
AUCTION SALES;
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Monday. July S at 11
o'clock. Horses, at 1732 Market street.
-By Union Stock Yards Company— Konday
July 29. at '10 .o'clock. PackinK-hou»»Mi:
ohlaery. at Rodeo, Cal - **
% Hale's. ¦'-¦¦-.-• \ , Hale'g.' - '" . -'V'-" :: : " : ¦'; v " '. ; ,;" : -' : ;i /¦-¦¦- Hale's. - \ .-¦ ¦ -.. Bale's. • • ; ":;-
Face Massage is 50c. — _-"~ Y^ > Nee&ed' furnishings for Convention Week I f^^ <J^§^ill!§r^
Ladies' Manicuring is 25c. — -^jv 1 ( «J w §. 'v 49' ' • •'.'• g" • • « TThi # m. iN^
ssraa&sr.. - ' ' : ; Linen^Laee.CurtBinsManliets ; - : «nnn!
"~ . • ¦fify /^l Sheets ft Pillow Cases- . ¦ £|9f'^^|ffiiH|
.rfJs^ " How are y° u fixed for a crowd? /, , ' £&&&&%£¦ t
VjtLCt,£ JhJCrtJrKJl.r£.€J *,jJ il!s/ ' Our city wil1 be taxed to its utmost capacity next week. Every housewife 1 /»& lOwa^ \Wi»^P55k^3 %
7^ %?- worth <fO F » •¦ Jr/' should get her table and beds well supplied, as well as giving the v rooms a I/mMi*^ A^JMf "PT?M f
%&'<-? Jr/ touch oi brightness and welcome. ' tiwM'JJfi*
Also Swiss Dresser Sets • with j/' y^ ' ' . iH I'liSs^ }»}flW I »\i'i Yk U
Doiiies to match marked now 35c. y^y^ #|\ d The Epworth Convention is a week from Thursday. 'A*U!8$ i/jW Jilt nU^rv
.J&^t'nS^SSsS ;Jg| ' The Sehuetzen Club meets a weak from Monday: ' WiUuf\^.
news here every day. - We've been for the last few davs supplying lodging-houses and boarding -M/t
Gibson Pil OW Tops 39C» k ¦ 1 I places. And these big people are more careful where they spend their money L —1.— ¦ ¦"¦*
Same pieces downtown shoos sell ! han sm .^ ler user S> are It's worth .something, to know there is one house in \ '
for 50c. We are also making quite a . to f wn w ' th Quantities i large enough and qualities good enough to meet these ex-
hit with "Katzen jammer Kids" pil- . . acting demands. Where others c itch, troivc is a good, place to fish.
a°stlc'ovcr fcmsoi this"oar"of Double Bed Bleached Sheets 46c Each. Lace Edged curtains $1.10.
Z^^lj^l^p .... 50c WORTH OF tHEETWGW EVBHY ONE. . . ¦ S^JgHSSL^W
here we hurried our art chief East You save 4c and get the making for,, nothing— and they are not skimped in any way. You are apt D «?¦ j „ . • * r* *. • c»i *«='
that u C a C s new'and'noleL ° t0 thi " k there is somethin 8 the matter with them, but there isn't-they are 81 inches wide and 00 inches £** £en^?ita "thL f" lU-"« ' Vrll^tt 3
If you love art and bea'utv and new - lon 8— mad e with a two-inch hem at one end and one-inch hem at the other— 1250 are allwe have. yards^np, 6 !" inche^widirthe Muffle is 4 Frfcheg wide:
thintr<; inst watrh fnr what we'll have ¦_» - • j *+ ¦***.¦> ¦ ' "'- ¦ they are white 1 ; make a dainty adornment for the bed-
tnings just lor we 11 nave. Hemstitched Case® 12aC. HUCk ToWelS 14C. room window; It was an excellent value at $1.65:
.- __ . • «***w «t w. what a good one it must be at ; $1.35
/^Tjh\ f09^\ i, * * ' I were we.) • They are 20 inches wide, 40 inches long— my, how big! _. . _, "• . v __ _, „ . __
,4£tfWA\ F2f9k& * a u de .£, rom ? medium srade of muslin, 45x36 inches but fine, soft and absorbent— with colored borders and Plain SWISS Muslin CllPtEJinS 6oC,
s20£$3i&F \\ ///6f*S75v- ' — the 4t)0 we have will be closed out now at this re- fringe. - n^,^
sttvid**7 r\V\ /ISSbSCS^v duced price, l£^c * "2 pairs of these dainty hangings; 3 yards long. 35
JoftSBwW IPZPiMtm-ftkX r»'ii r> ii i - M^ M i:«r. qq» A~~ » Inches wide; they are made doubly effective by a 4-
<fiv&$P Vi/^SF^^^^ • PllIOW Cases llC each. INapkinS yoC dOZen. inch ruffle; until a few days ago they were S5c; what
mM^V^^KSSlp^OT I 5 . x35 ln u che i- and mad , e from a ood heavy muslin- Splendid damask ones. 20 inches square or family $1 5() Furniture CovePlIliS fnP SI 00
h^i^^^^i!?// lts such a heav >' Quality you seldom see it in pillow size— we have 90 dozen to sell at this price, 9Sc. , tPl.OU rumilUre V^OVerin^ 1UP H>l,\JU
Vftaw "V ' -'-^ffVl vv-^S.-*// cases at this price. — , . -Here are 10 pieces of heavy tapestry for curtains and
\«W s/Y II \\ \«^iO s il IQr- Qliootin^ e n - \Xf 7Or X«hlf» f inpn furniture covering; but there are only a few yards in
llfjy/ I \ *Qr ' oneeting tor I4C. tUC laoie Lir^n OOC, each piece; so we have reduced them l-3; the colorings
T-i^^ I \ It>s an extra heav y and strong quality-full 63 Inches This is a special that will bring a host of buyers to a f^ good; \ he de J igns .., a !-« the neVfesV > M Inches wide
Z^P " "_• . wide and unbleached— 2 cases for this sale— 14c a yard, the linen section— it's an opportunity for many of you " 1-0( * now ' lnstead of J1.50.
EpWOrUl LeaSUe ¦ Towels $l.OO.a dozen. - aa^^fin JT. b lS&^. r w^SSTS^rtSS* f&A^S Door Panels $1.OO -Each.
of ft la/ 3HllflCr& ¦ Jn^frw^w^ilv^h?/ 6 *^^^^ 111 r t d b *° rde M S P rlce + , is i " f( r r L or 7, lt isTO Inches wide, pure linen, with We still have a few of these dainty appliqued panels
offtf.ial M^^RMMmx.m Jrlnse-size 18x40-this 91.00 price ought to stir a satiny finish, bleached a snowy white-58c now In- for glass doors; just the thing to tone up that bare
Printed in colors with the society's up many or >ou needy folKs. - stead of 70c. looking door: the designs are pretty and attractive
emblem in center. Our famous Call- - , I ~^~, ' — ~ : : ~~~~
fornia bear is at one side and our pr, . ., .... -¦'-¦»«_ r-»-«.'t c r
favorite flower (the poppy) on the , four UflUSUSlI ¦•¦ # ~^ AflOf fie/* IllhnOlU OfJeCJCtJ" : *1 _,
n^uons ,n\ttiite Dress Stuffs TaUetas^^u^eSatimW
T«T«*^,. • n t u a j lOc India Linens 7^c. Batistes 15c Yard. f & \jjn wide- \fojrtJ2 2J*&JO<>
n . LXw a A sheer, fine fabric 28 inches wide, the White sitfn striped giods-25 inches wide , t . ¦ «
we can sen mem same good quality that usually sells for —one of the season's popular dress mate- These are just the Ribbons you want and for about half what's usually asked
Unmounted 5c and 6c. ' lOc-now 7%c. \ rials-and^ it. will be more popular at this We ' re always printin K something out of the ordinary about ribbons. The
* lountea t>c ana * c * 20c Seersuckers I3c. _ . _ _ _ unusual is getting usual. You've come to find out when you want the most for
¦ The committee authorized us to have An all white striped stuff-29 Inches wide rfUc **"•*© Uoods top money you must go to Hale's. So we grow— grow as no ribbon store we
these banners made. They will be the -quite a desirable fabric for summer; Dainty, dressy stuffs set off with embroid- (. f rf * *
only official flags used. that's why we have reduced.it 7c a yard, ered dots and stripes-a strong, servicea- Know Oi aoes grow. •>
Interior delegations may write to us We like to give you bargains in what you ble 'material for shirt waists and chil- The ribbons are beautiful and extra wide (four and five inches), but marked
IZo^^museTli^r^u^-.^ 0 WaJlU dren's dresses-29 inches. -¦ at one July price-ISC.