Pure silk burns Hlowly..w«th a slight odor;*
cotton f.ares i:> quickly and would. throw
eff e decidedly <M«*greeable smell.' :¦
(^ T'.ipn the tosgue will readily reveal the
rrr-ser.ce of metallic salts. There is no mis
taking their taste. But all these may be -
dlfrcgarded. said the expert, -when silk i»
offered for the price of cotton. You need
cot bother to test that stuff. '_
terial by using metallic salts In the dye
vat*. Pressing, with some kinds of silk,
increases the weight alpo,. but at the sac
rifice of strength. Cheap, crackly, stiff
tflk which has heavy cords is good silk to
iivfiid. It won't wear.
There are several tests which . reveal
readily the purity of a piece of eIIIc. The
microscope, of course, will show it at
once, even to an unpractieed eye. Pure
ellk l-.as the appearance of fine smooth
lubes. Another- good test Is by burning.
body rouph floss is often used for the woof
of the material. This soon causes It to
wear shiny.
Another trick If to Increase the weight
and apparent solidity of a flimsy silk ma-
jx-aranoe soon vanishes.
But it is in p^.ulu>rating goods which
rcallX have FOtne silk In them that the
prentest tCilU Is exercised to deceive the
fcuyer. To obtain the required rustle arwl
thing like Kllk, though, of course, they
wear very differently and their silken ap-
El.'BE Filk. when it has been through
all the pmesses. necessary to toiin?
out ell its good qualities. Is worth
Its weight in Eilver, said an expert
the-othrr «iay. Therefore the women who
expect to buy pure filk at little more than
the. price of cotton must expect to be
fooled; arid there are lots of ways by
¦which the manufacturer gets even with
They make Ftuff that is called silk, and
parses for It with credulous persons, who
don't know any better, out of nearly any
old thir.s now. One favorite imitation
Filk. is made of celluloid treated with
cheirileal5. It isn't a good material to
gfl on fire in. Then there are South Sea
Inland cottons and some mercerized cot
tons, which, after treatment, look some-
Tricks Used By the
Workers of Silk.
Parke-I know your wife didn't like It
because you brought, me home unexpect
edly to dinner last night.
Lane— 'Nonrcnre!. AVhy, you hadn't b'.-en
gone five minutes .before she remarked
that she wn? pla/1 'it was no one els>> but
you.— Harper's £iazar. v. .- ;- :
WHAT is Msha'mar 1
That is the quesijoa Co'.onel OI
ro<t, the famous Theo?ophic lead
fr , was*skei and here li his re
ply, in which he relates hi? many
«xperter.crs vith the?e myitic beings:
"A Mabatrr.a is a man who has evolved
him F^!rU-.ial nature a-d will, to
the point that he is r.o lorger dominated
by his lower passion*, cr by the con
straints of me phy-ical t>o<iy. He is ab-.
rolutely pur?, devoid of desire— an exalted
being. •
'I h2*<» mot many ;iahatr?.ns. perhaps
fourteen ::i ail. In every part of the world-
Sometii; • tteey have appeared as Hin
dus in graceful native attire"; sometimes
as Europeans. '•" conventional modern
dres?. I nave met them on the crowded
Ftreots of London cr on ths cirearj' deserts
of InCia. But wherever you meet them,
whatever language they speak, there is no
mistaking the tyr>e of the master?. Tlra
divine gicfy shines In the face of th» ex
alted one! hi? touch i? a bles?ing in itself,
an all-powerful magnetism surrounds his
presence. No one who has ever seej/ a
Mahatma can be in doubt when they
appear-
The first llahatma I «>vr rret was in
New York when Mme. Biavn:=ky nnd I
were workir.e hard on the preparation of
that great book. 'Isis fnveiled.' TT« were
living in a hou<=e on Eighth avenue con-
Ftruptrd on the ordinary plan, 'and cer
tainly affording no facilities lor super
natural tBSSterx. Our evening's work
finished, I had pone to my room and was
g«!<!t!>: r.Jdirs. 1 exz^i*?. poth<r.g un
vruaX. ' ¦'¦' all ft ou«, ;'? f'read v.-ith xny '
shoulder <» llttl«j turned from the door,
ttaexi cp.rr.c :i" of Bomethlng white
in the right hand corner of my right eye.
1 turned my hend. dropped ray book in
tFtoniFhmert, pvA ?p.w towrrir? above me
in his £T»*at stature an Oriental clad in
white garments and wearing a headcloth
cr turban ot amber-striped fabric, hand
embroidered in yellow Hops 'ilk. Long; ra
ven hair hung- from under his turban to
the shoulders; his Mack beard, parted ver
tically on the chin in the Rajput fashfon,
¦wns tw!5tod up at; the ends and carried
ever the ears; his eyes were alive with
fcuI fire; eyes which were at once be
r.igr.ont and plTcIng In glanee; tbe eyes
of a mentor and a Judge, but softened by
the lova cf a father who gares on a son
nodding counsel and guidance.
"He ws.£ e-o grand "a man. so Imbued
xsith the mrrJoFtyof moral strength, so
luminously BpfrttnalJ so evidently aboj-e
rsverage humanity, that I felt abashed in
Ills prcser.ee, and lx>wed my head and
bent my knee as or.e docs before a god
or a Eodlike personage.
"A hand was lightly laid on my hea<!. a
Government Guest for Nineteen Years
••¦- ¦ . * • ¦¦• • :^~ • ¦ *
and. unification It .might be the. graceful
thing, for'the country to recognize his
worth by a: money con?lderatl6n, so h«
but. in an application , for a : pension. , . It
was ."allowed, and the man's, name was
written on the'.book of fame, after. which
he was entitled" to dollars., f ;
Shortly following this period another
man passed on to the groat beyond, under
circumstances which the Coroner's jury
considered called for ,the trying o'f ; some-'
body oh a "capital punishment charge. It*
sosliappened that the pensioner was the
'person fixed. upon as the active agent as
"islstjnfj the earthly es.lt of the deceased. :
Although " the pensioner stoutly matn->
talned hi3 innocence, the proof •wraa so
pfrong aa to lead the jiirj' to arerdlct
'of -guilty and tbe committing Judge to a
sentence of life imprisonment.
This was in the year lfSO, and for nine
teen years the prisoner worked out his
destiny behind the bars. At the conclu
sion ; of this. time the man -who had" com
mitted, the murder took to- hi3 last bed,
and it occurred to him to make a con
fession. . . So the pensioner is free _ now,
.Bul he, still .has .troubles. There are some
thousands of : dollars In . pension money
which , the wardens have failed to turn
over to him. and he la obliged to sue for
their recovery. KesMes, there are the
wasted nineteen years, because of the im
plicit Judicial faith in -the infallibility of
circumstantial evidence.
rentially at-tho outset. is likely, to upset
anybody who is a little'tlred after a day's
workand, wants quiet before adjusting: his
'mind -to \he'q v uiet enjoyment of homo. •
"The woman who follows this advice Is
going to find her evenings pieasanter. than
if she jumps: at^ the beginning, iqto tho
heart of . things.'?: especially disagreeable
; things. A little tact during the first' Quar
ter of tin hour after the return home Ms
worth allthe early •morning cheerfulness
thei world When it comes to rriuking.the ,
:; wheels move"smoothly.in the household.'^ .
1: .understand. In. a Brooklyn
bowllng'alley they have girls to set up tho'
pins,- ';. '. ,¦ : '¦¦..','; ' ,, . . ',' , ¦ . ¦ " "
Church— Yes,, that is correct.
'.• "1 suppose that; is .thje means they • takeY
ot making; a little p!a inoney."
ffv* MOST, curious "case, showlng-i how
/L3\ the separate/ systems of; the Goy
'IT~~^ crnment , may... take' on' : confusing
Hhape,, has, just come to. light in
Indiana. .' A', man ,who >* has ,' lor nineteen
years' been confined in Jail at the expense
of tho nation, has jd&ring. h,\l, these years
beerf in receipt.'- or" intended receipt, of .a
c.-bnslderable sum^of ; money, from v this
same nation. ' , ¦
It ¦ Is ' because '.the.' man" fought in Ithe
great war that.tho complication v was made
fpSssiph?.-' At 'leasC; his services in battle
were refiponilble in part for the situation.
;"• It" -'once'; pe'eurred; to ,thb ;,man ,that after
fought 'the ; good'.' fight for t reedont ¦
..¦-¦¦ .
THE crucial hour of 'the day as re
gards Its effect upon the man of the
family Is commonly thought to bo
associated with breakfast. Then a
cheerful bearlin? ami , a Joyful demeanor
When Man is in His
Best Humor.
lessly Into the log.
"Lcltr on, when* I returned home, I
learned that the same presence had called
at the house and asked,, in a strange
tongue for Madame Blavatsky. He held
converse with her for a long-time, and she
Fcemed, In some marvelous way. to have
greatly strengthened her psychical pow
ers. That evening, at dinner, jMadamo
laughingly produced an exquisite little
Japanese teapot from under the table, as
a present for Doctor Billings. She also
presented another gentleman with a Wau
tlful.eilver card case, which he found in
his overcoat p<jfket. The coat had been
hanging in the haJl all the, time, and
Madurese .Blavatsky bad never, been near
It. 1-ater on the same Mahatma instruct
ed us to go to Madame Tussaud's wax
works exhibition and look under the feet
of a certain statue. We did bo. and found
there a letter giving us important instruc
tion* a« to the work of the Theos'Jphlcal
Scciety.
"When we arrived in India I saw still
more of the masters. At Bombay j a Hindu
stranger appeared and dictated a Jong let
ter to Madame Blavatsky,: addressed to a
friend in Paris, end' giving important in
structions, about the management of cer
tain society affairs. Another time, as we
were driving in. the park;one evening, a
majestic figure ;. stopped ! our carriage.
Clad in flowing' Oriental • robes, j he v/as
plainly visible in the glare of the electric
light. After a few klndfy words he dis
appeared, leaving behind, him. however,
a splendid gold embroidered he^idfcover
ing or turban, of peculiar shape ; /l kept
the.turban. andjt.ls ' still , one ot xny most
treasured possessions, j" : . '** ./ j
- "This c.lrcu instance is as
proving that the Mahatmas'are not mere
illusionary \-is!ons, conjured up by one's"
imagination, or, "as eonie "suggest, by hyp
notic suggestion. Theclothlng worn by
them is at the time absolutely real; it has
on the part of the feminine part of -the
family are thought to be* most effective
in puttfnc the man o'f the house Into the
right sort of humtjr.for the day. There
are other views, however, on this subj'-ct,
and one of them came from a woman
whose experiences 'Jji her . married ¦ life
' have bton of a kind to onconrace any
wife. '
"She dieagrees with the accepted • view
as to the potency of good humor in. the
morning. Hf?r scheme Is very different.
"The most important moment of the day
to a man's peace of mind,"- she. said, "13
the ten minutes thrtt ¦ follow his return
from the work of the dny. At that time
one word may change his whole state of
•feeling. .,
"He comes home usually tired. Work
or fhe vexations of business' during 'the
day have frequently brought nervouRnes*
at which a very little thing* may decide
what his mbbd will be for the resf'of 'the
evening. Of course the partlcullar dls
postion of every man is going to tell here
Just as it does everywhere else. But my
"rule will hold goad for the average man.
"The most Important thing for the tact
ful woman to do Is, to wait until she sees
some sign of his temper before ¦ she
.makes any decided move. Don't," above
[nil things, tell. him that the' plumber has
Ju.«t rent in a terrible bill merely for mak
\\njs that little alteration, or say that
stupid Mrs. Jones has been at the, house
all afternoon talking about. the new house
.her husband has bought Tand showlngoff
% her: sables as if she was the only woman
In Sen Francisco that had them.
. ; ••Ge_ne»aily. It is best to avoid such be
ginnings, although a woman's tact : must
.always be' called In to help her out, If 'one
'cj. the children has Just ; been" taken" dowii
i with measles,, or the cook:' has been drunk
all ' d ay and ' had to be sent away.'; : "' ", .'- f :'¦'
" "Don't talk too; much "in "the beginning
on aiiy> subject. ; Conversation 1 , taken *tor-
"When we arrived in India I saw still
more of the masters. At Bombay j a Hindu
stranger appeared and dictated a Jong let
ter to Madame Blavatsky.: addressed to a
friend In Paris, end' giving Important in
structions, about the management of cer
tain society affairs. Another time, as we
were driving In. the park;one evening, a
majestic figure ;. stopped ! our carriage.
Clad in flowing' Oriental • robes, ¦ be v/as
plainly visible in the glare of the electric
light. After a few klndfy words; he dis
appeared, leaving behind, him. however,
a splendid gold embroidered he^idfcover
lng or turban,. of peculiar shape ; /l kept
the.turban. and.lt. Is ' still , one o£>'iny most
treasured possessions. "¦ . '\| .# j
- "This circumstance Is as
proving that the Mahatmas^are not mere
Uluslcnary \-ls!ons, conjured up by one's"
Imagination, or, "as eonie "suggest, by hyp
notic suggestion. The j clothing worn by
them is at the time absolutely real; it has
pwt?^t though strong voice. bade me be/
sealed, and when I rai5ed rnr eyes the
presence was seated In the other chair
beyond the taWe.
"He to'-d me he. had com* at the crisis
•when I needed him: that my actions h?«l
brought me to this point; that it lay with
me alone whether he and 1 ?hculd ra«t
often in this life as co-workers for the
good of mankind; that a great work was
to be done for humanity. «nd I. had the
right to share In It if I wished: that a
mysterious tie. not now to be explained to
me, had drawn my colleague ar1 d myself
toprethor;-a tie which could not be broker.,
however strained it rr.Ight- be at times. .
He told me thing? about Madame Blavat
sky I may not i^peat, as.well cs
thlnfrs abort my?elf "that do not concern
third nnrtfes. ..
"How Ions he was there^I cannot teil;
it intent have been a half hour; or an .
hour: it seemed but a minute, so little did
. I ta'ie r.cto of the flight of time. At last
he rose. I wondering at his great height. "^
and observing the sort of splendor In hi.*
countenance — not an external shining, but
the Foft gleam, ns It were of an Inner light
— that f>f Ibe spirit. /
"Suddenly the thought came i r > T -'3 nty
mlr.d: "Wfcat Jf th!s be but hallucination?
What if Mat'ame- Blavatsky has cn«t u*
hypnotic glamoiTr ovf-r me? I wish I had
some tangible object to prove to me th?.t
he has really been here— romethlng that I
might isandle after ho has gone.* - Th?
master smiled kindly as If reading my
thought and twisted '.he fchta frqm his
heqd. b^nlKRantly-salutwV mp^Jn'farriwell
and was sonc; his chair wa.B Vnspty. I v.-n«
alone with rqy emotions. .Xt>t quite, alone,
though, for on the table lay the em;
broldere^ headcloth: a tanjd'lle and en
during pro-crf that I had not been 'over
looked' or psychically befooled, but had
bem face to face with one of the elder
brothers of humanity, one of the masters!
of cur dull pupil race. • •' »'
"To run 3nd brat at Madame Blava*.-
Fky's door and tell hT my experience w.-i-s
the first natural impulse and she was as
glad to hear my story as I wr.s to tell I:.
I returned to my room to thijik and the
pray morning found me still thinking and
resolving. Out of those, thoughts and
those rr solves .developed all m>* subso
rjuent theosophical nctivities. " and that
loyalty to the mastrrs behind our move
ment which the rudest shocks and the
crudest disillusioning have never shaken.
I have b^rn blessed with meetings wn.i
this master and others since then. How
ever others less fortunate may doubt — I
KNOW.
"Another still more remarkable mani
festation occurred to me In the crowd Al
streets of I>ondon. whither Madame Hli
vatsky »nd I had gene on' our way !¦•>
India. We were staying at the hous-3 of
Dr. # Biflings at Norwood Tark. One day
. the "doctor and I and some other fri» ndr;
had gone into the city and were making
our way along Cannon" street .through m
dense fog. Suddenly in the little circle of.
light cast by a gars lamp we came fac«
to face with a tall gracefully dros??l
Hindu. My companions saw / the) strnr.fi*
presence also, but I alone recognized him
by the light In his face as an exalt* <l
one. The master spoke never a word, but
merely bowed politely and vanished nol.se-
been transferred bodily-, along with 'the
astral form of the Mahatma, to the spot :
v/hore the appearance takes'place. The •¦
rr-al or 'astral body of the Mahatma might
at the time be jjsleep In far away Thibet,
or anywhere, else, while* his double ap-.
peared-ln'the park at Bombay., In this
cafe, as the turban was net transferred
back to it.*; owner the Mahatma. on awalc
fning from his trance^ v/ould fird .himso'/f .
bareheaded. . 'livery particle of physical '.
matter surround!nc the master had been „,
projected through space and returneel
again, with the exception of thtj atoms*
v.hlch went to make up the turban-.' And
dnubtiess this \ra3 lfft b*»hl:id lntentional
1\, in order thut our "' duller senses might,'
have proof of its resl'ty. ¦
"All Mahatrran l>ave this power cf trans-,
fcrring their double or astral body from
place, to place: they ran appear /just
wlure they Are most needed 'anil rernuirr
hs lor.p at> zany bo ncocsary. for the work ,
in 1-ftr.d. • . .
"V.'hon one of the mnstfi«has Inptruc- .'
thiris to.glve hp dees not. however, choof=e
always to appear in 'he actual prt^serco. .",
Often they n<lopt impersopn^rnf-tliodp p 1 ?!^- -
merely inspire one's hra'.n.'" But at crucial
]*--iods, v.-hen a 'vital decision .Js to br>.ar-;;,
rlveU :at, I often hear : voltes FneaU'njj
quite plainly and telling, me the projxr
course to pursue. 1 always feel that I- am
under the direct guidance and instruction
of-tlie rn'astrrs. •
"I will show you a practical illustra
tion of the paspaccof matter through
mattpr. Here js a cold ring' which I al
ways carry rvith me. It has three small
dJumonds fet !n it in the form of ; an isos-..
celcs triarBle. but .when -I got It it-was'
merely a plain sold hoop. I came Into its
possp?slon in a very peculiar .manner.
Ixtng before I knew Madame Blavatsky I :
w^p at a 5ea-nc<; In New York, I. held a-*'
rose Ah rnv hand, and .was told by the
iriedjum \o close my -fingers tlBhtly on: It
for r." ?c ¦".-/ moments. I did so,;and . when
rreoened thim I found this ring jn"th<?
center of^ the Tower. .Needless to say I-'
trcast;rfd the rineantl ever after Wore it
oj? n charm on my watch' chain. ',
• ."Some years la'.er, during Madame Bla
¦ vatsky's f,rj=t tour throuf;li India, when,
she Kave po many wonderful mantfesta- .'
Honsof psychic power, we were at, Simla.
"I. .told; the history of the ring to a. lady'
friend who happef?cd to. be VisHing t u. a i ,
and inoyed by feminine fttri6sityi,she,sllp
, ped the rinff on her flnjrer. She was about
to. rerrsove !t a<rair>. when Madame Bla
vatyky suddenly exclaimed;. 'No;"Uon't'do !
that. Give me raiir hand.*"
VMa<lanie Blavatsky took the 'Jady's '
hand between b'bth of ' hnrs and- held it •
tfrhtly/prcftFcd for a rrinute cr so. *'"\Vh^n
. she .removed, htrgrarp the ring was still "
•tbcre, but ; th*»e-thri'i\;(Iiamonds had bec-n "
s>et in it. "this was only one r/f tbe",higl»
pri«tcs4' marvelous feats. She was In'
every war rf*«tranc^. woman. One of jher
preat peculinritlea was that her hair wa*s '
constantly chanplrj; in form ah(i color.'
Naturally It was fluffy and light brown,
clustering -around, her head like a mop; ;
But at times,' under ponu» psychi^ Influ- '"
ence. It would change to black and . be
come perfectly straight. Or, again. It
would increase In length till Jt reached
her Phcrlders. ? *." ;i
"I havo not vet "reached the rtaee of
rs-trnl d^v'clr>nin*»nt . which enables- me to •
recall my • previous Incarnations on this
earthjbut I bnve "^ee'fl informed of many. 1
things abo'jt'them. Afl that I am nt lib
erty to mention, however, is that my 'last'
incarnation took place 2000 years a5O, m-"
India. I v : p.s then a Hindu."
MY
EXPERIEN
CES
WITH
MAHAT
-MAS
THE
SUNDAY
CALL,;.And It did.; The end of the;perfonnanc©
was that Grau engaged him to sing, lead-
Ing * tenor; roles . In his grand ¦ opera eom
pany. " ' '" • '"¦ - HgtfHBS^S
¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ '.'-,¦ ¦•'¦
.During the'garden scene., when she and
he were. In the background looking unut
terable thlnKs at each other, she whis
¦pered:
'."Hnve you ever been on the stase be
:fore?".' '- ; " <¦ ': . ¦ ... . v -
j . '•YfW." he answered nervously.^
¦ "Then what on earth man.es iou walk
llke,th.at?"
V "The'shoes are too big," he replied; and
• lifted -a' foot' to show her how the shoe
dangled. It was", looser even than ho
'thought, arid as he gave it a gentle fidur-
: lsh ; off 'it flew r and across the stage. Mel
ba's laughter cost her a cue.
' 'It was ; later In the ' act, when she had
¦-bsition, that she said to
him: ,,-: "-¦ '.';" : " v
;^ "You are the pluckiest Yellow or
the greatest' idiot that I /ever came across.
The"' end ; ; of the' performance .will 'prove.
Which."/- ; ' ; ": : '' •"';»''-' t ', " ; '•'•
¦:Melba; noticed .the shuffle. She didn't
know who on, earth -was this man who
had been sent to make love to her. . What
she did know was that something was <he;
matter with -his* feet/ . ....', ¦
stage fright such as would have been cer
tain with a chance to think over the enor
mity^of his impertinence. *, , , % ? , *. '-
The shoes kent him busy. They were
so much top biff that he had to adnpta
peculiar walk.: his feet not being raised
from the Rroand. By shuffling slowly, he
managed tn keen ths shoes on.
flT£ Voice .Was Acc^ptsbte.-iO; ,M^ba,-bUt Sh^ -DWt : \j\>$ Hts Shoss-
-"^''Therefore you must make haste totele
phone td Mr. Grau- that I am ready to
save him $15 .000. '^^^^^Sp§3|
¦ ManclneUl was so dazed • by -this time
that he: could only obey. - •.*'*• ,
"A pupil /of mine offers to sing Faust,"
he phoned. ' , ¦ . . .
thought of the $15,000 matinee house. that
m!ght be lost. : v Every - tenor . whoV he~ard
of the '.trouble was on pins arid "needles • to
be chosen. Maurice ,' Grau ; groaned : arid
sought the consolation of MancinellL
• "Can you think of any one?" he be
sought, despairingly. • ' • ¦
"To sins the role of Jean de Heszke?
Absurd!" . ¦
"Then I must close the house." (l
"And the loss will be $15,000."
"Alas.^my friend:"r
"Alas!" .' : ¦ ; : i' _v .:"•-•
Maurice buried his head. Manclnelll did
the same. They emitted' one deep groan
In concert. . '
. When Grau had gone young D'Aubigne,
the modest pupil, put; in a'remark.. . .;
"I'll sing that part," was what he said.
'Manclnelll gasped.
: "But "you don't know "it." , |
• "Oh, yes I do.*' ."¦'•¦
' "You have never sang It for nie."
. "No; but I've sung it for myself plenty
of times." . ' /
" ;"But 'you 'cannot raean ! that you will at
tempt,it in* the place of De Reszke?'.'
;":'i.wiir*-; -. ¦. ¦
• "But Is now after 1 and .the matinee
"Has he ever sung It?" asked Grau.
ytio." ""'¦ ¦;;->:¦/_¦ .
"Then tell him "he's a fool. Good-by."
. At 1:30 came a; message over the phone. '"
"Is your man still there?". inquired Mau-
It.waa 1:40 when D'Aublsne reached the
"Where's your costume?" was the first
question. . -.-.¦• '' ¦ . •>
;• "I haven't any."
•"What are we going. to do/theri?".^ s"?
"Find some follow who has one arid buy
'lt;of£hlm." . • - v : -.!': r"-. ':-
When the costume was bought .It was
found- to be- too- short In the sleeves, to.)
'long: in ; the back, -too large , in the -shoes.
But there was only one thing to; do, and
that. was to wear it.
Three-men put D'Aubigrie into it. 1 '; One
was Jerking his arms Into the sleeves,
.while another daubed him -with- make-up
and a "third fastened the shoes. ; Then,
Etill. panting, ;, he was -shoved '¦ upon the
stage and told to go ahead. 4 -]
He sang: through the ; nrst act. without
a ; tremor.- The ; rush, had -been such-that
he hadn't had time* to work up a case of
denly become unable to sing some other
chlrptr would, have been substituted, and
there would have, been an end ofjt. r ;But
when the leading tetior.of the' world takes
it Into his head to. be: Indisposed there Is
all kinds ''of j a ' row. ; '. : . . _ .'. • ' . . ' '¦''¦•
.- Mr. Gra'u, clutched ; his hair, with " frantic
hands! The* box office writhed, at the
'ILiloyd D'Aiuiibagpe, First Tenor of tlhe.. Semibricihr. Opera Compainy-, Qave^
.' : §Hfls|^C!)wn Gase, Where -Stage FHght Was imppssSWeJ
THAT tenor, Lloyd D'Aubigne of the
Sembrlch Company, has a great
story to tell about his debut In opera.
It happened so "quick that he didn't
,have tlme.to get a stage fright until
it was all over. With thirty minutes' nQ
tlce Grau "put him on to sing,' Faust op
posite Melba, and . that for thi first time
he, ever sang upon- the operatic stage.
.'He started out on ?iis stage career as an
actor. For' a good while he' traveled with
Augustin Daly, playing the singing parts
in the Shakespearean productions, such as
the Jester in "Twelfth Night."
"All the time he -was bent upon something
bigger in this singing line, but he knew
that the race Is not usually to the swift
when it comes to grand opera. _So he kept
on studying and working and earning his
not very -large salary., • ; - '.'¦'¦''>%';
When he was j abroad ho j had ! a chance
to hear g(x>d people— yesv big people— sing,
and he made the most of every opportun
•ity. At last'he wound up in New 'York.
He began to study under MancineHI.
He' made buzzing progress "., under h^3
new Instructor.' But he looked" upon his
debut as. a .far-off thing, hardly worth
planning for at all. as 'yet. arid he saw
long years of European' study stretching
out before him before he should ever think
of Binging even' the least of small parts
In grand. opera.
It was In the \ year" 1S95 that Maurice
Grau came to grief one day.
Jean de Resrke was at the bottom 'of it.
That was because he 'was Important 'If
some little chirper In the chorus had siid-
Made his Faust Debut With Thirty Minutes to Prepare for the Part
Smoking among Women ls'raore common"
in Europ% than In the United States, and
here It is much more ffrcquently seen in
Xew York and the Eastern cities than In
the West and South. In Europe any sug
gestion that smoking was improper for
women would be received with amaze:
ment. It might be thought unhealthful or.
expensive, but its impropriety would not
be discussed. There could be no room far
euch sn opinion In countries where smok
ing is so common among the highly placed*
es It in in mof t of the European nations.
The Princess of Waies set the seal of the
highp»t approval In Great Britain on the
fashion cf smoking nearly a score of years
ago. when she had her servants hand
about at a dinner for women small cigar
cttes.cf a kind she had smoked for years
before that. This made the habit per
missible to all women in Great Britain,
If It had Indeed needed any such counte
nance. Queen Victoria's tvell-known op
position to the practice was not enough to
discourage Its votaries after the Princess
bad given it her frank approval.
by women. Opinion as to whether
the members *of the sex should smoke v 'or.
not is as varied as it ever was. - It Is Just
as true that ; the women who. enjoy ; a
cigarette persevere and do not apparently
suffer from Indulging this taste with dis
cretion. -': Most women ¦* kripw; the over
grewn college .-student who' says patroniz
ingly. "Obi; no; I don't- ; mind ; women
err.oklng; but I shouldn't at all like to see
my sister smoke o'r t my'wife i{ I had one."
This oracle is usually too youth
ful to have It make much difference what
he says or thinks and only the most faint
hearted . em'oker would ever abandon ' her
cigarette because of- his disapproval." Men
cf experience^ are 'either Indifferent to the
cigarette question/ holding .that a woman
has a right- to do a* she wants in. such a
cew, «=o long aa : she never forgets what Is
due to her* position,] or they *are decisively
opposed to It with no toleration of. the
bablt,In the woman they have'a right to
control. *There is practically no. class that
owns to a delight In seeing women smoke.
*jr& STONISHINO as it may seem 'there.
/Z_A\ are not a few people who advocate
li v the adoption of the smbkingY habit
SHOULD GIRLS
SMOKE?
There are sundry terms in connection
with the i;eble art of fencing. When the
swords cf the fencers are crossed with
points upward and the blades to the right
cf each, other the fencers are engaged m
•titrce." When the same is true with
Then the blade is grasped lightly by the
left hand, both arms elevated above the
head. "The left, hand falls slowly to po
sition, arm half bent and hand on a level
with top of the left ear. The right hand
drops into position of "on guard" and the
struggle begins.
given before the conflict is begun. The
fencers assume the first position at the
correct distance, one from the other, and
their arms fall gracefully at thejr sides,
the buttons on the foils touching the floor
in front and to the left of the right foot.
Both step forward, raising the right arm
to. a level with . the -top of the head,
blancs extended: ' the ha-nds then descend
to the chin, close, but not touching, blades
upright. Then they are swept down and
to the right with a full, graceful move
ment.
attitude taken by the fencer as he steps'
to the center of the floor, just before plac
ing himself on guard. In detail this is as
follows: Standing with heels touching;
the right toe In a straight line with one's
opponent, and the left foot at *a sharp an
gle to the other. The- body is ; turned
slightly to the right, in order to present a
three-quarter view to the adversary, -arid
the sword ha-nd held at about the height
of the head. The left arm falls natur
ally by the side. "" .-•;-*%" i',' ¦ ¦'¦_
The second position is that "of "on
There are only tbree positions in the list
of fencing postures. They are: FlrsOthe
... ¦• .
lines as the wearer advances or retreats
with the quick, decisive movement of the
foot and knee. The waists, buttoning up
en the left -Fide and leaving smooth the
expanse of cloth over the chest, are most
businesslike ami appropriate. Gymnasium
fhoePv or the popular fad of last summer,
the white rubber soled "sneakers," are
best for footgear, for the risk of slipping
on a smooth floor Is not to be lightly
thought of.
'-, When on guard and the fencer desires to
step forward always start with the right
foot and follow; with the left:. never stride
forward; «mall steps are always advisa
ble, the position being shifted generally
by bending.
The salute Is the: most : Imposing posi
tion, or series of positions, and Is always
foot is advanced a trifle, with the knee
kept directly in line above, the right:in
stfep. One's bearing is a positive one and
upright; leaning neither -forward nor
backward, except In the advance- or re
treat.: : - ,• • * : .-.'.. ¦ V • ¦¦' '
—-.,.-" ;¦¦ ¦ ¦-.: . r. ¦ .
.^=3.URIOUS. fact, but -the.-most,lnter
/T . esting charge 'I ever had waa a
. xs^ blind man,:*, said the head of a.
.."personally . conducted tourist
a'geacy'.'. a. day. or \wo ago- .'. _. ... T .
, ,"Wt went ..to, California.- and Alaska
| with .me once, and, -to Europe another
time." continued, this Baedeker In the
flesh, "and he .was wonderfully apprecia
tive of al! the usual 'wonders.'
"It's" true he had his son with him. a lad
of sixteen or» thereabouts, who used to go
.into ecstacies- over -the peaks of tho Sier
ras-or the beauties of the Riviera, but
then the old gentleman derived a lot of
I pleasure independently of his family guide
and mentor. He would sit In the. private
car and Usten to the comments : of tho
other travelers and occasionally drop a
word that astonished the rest of us, cora
injr from . a blind man. -" ¦ • .. ¦ .
"He would say he got tired of sitting at
home. I suppose -conversation In a lim
ited family circle soon exhausted Itself to
'a man of mature mind and keen" fancies;
so he used to drop In here -and say he
guessed it was time for him to' take
another trip. We'd fix up a. route to- suit
him and off he'd go again,' tickled over
the prospect of pastures 'new "as a boy
with a new pair of red topped boots;"
- Of "course. It is a well-known fact that
several habitual patrons of grand opera
In New York are almost stone deaf.
BLIND GLOBE
TROTTER.
guard/;- The right" hand, with knuckles
turned downward,"! is lowered from ; the
." first, position. , and 'the blade is moved so',
that the Jeft hand_grasp» it lightly. Thct
• bothy harid?Tare?raiB«d slowly. and gruce-
; fully above^ttie hearfjf the, left hand loosen;?
i it3 iV gra»r>^and-.falls-lR.to position at -the
back of^the.he^ad.jihe'arin "-bent -land half
outstretched,^ with the; opeaOhand on a- ;
' level j-.with the/maskjed 'head.'" .The right "¦'.
: hand moves : t©\ the' front', a- little • oolow ' ,
the breast, to the right." elbowclose to ilie
:bcdy.. and ,the' foil held 'horizontally, so.
• that the tip' is' on- a. level with the- eyf*,'
Advance thericht foot about eighteoa
inches." keeplt>g\the' : right heel on a lino .
with tho left, arid lot the weight divldo
itself equally, not nutting any strain o:j
one limb more than on the other.
"i-The; third position 'is the extension, ot
lunge, and is attained by stretching tha.
right 'arm from itg position- close to th«
;body, straight out at about the shoulderV
height. The bod$* is not rigid, arid is not.
Vent with ttie movement, arid the' right ,
<y& VOUS, mademoiselle, said her ad
/Z_\ versary as ht settled imo position
JS » after the sweeping, graceful salute.
"With a courteous Inclination of her
head the woman's slight, sinuous body
straightened a b'it ami then there was the
keen ring and the quivering echo of steel
on steel. ' .
The "sport of kings" Is only , spasmod
ically pursued here In this city— that is,
among women— and for no other object
than that of amusement. Yet there is no
other fcrm of exercise in the whole gym
nastic category at once so beneficial, so
inspiring and so sure of visible results.
In almost every -school of acting the
very first thing thai looms in large type
en the curriculum of study is "the train
ing of the body." This goes far to prove
the paramount importance of fencing as
a means, to a graceful bearing. Besides
that, the testimony cf prominent, actors
and actresses who have not made their
first public appearance at • a dramatic
students" matinee will add a long list of
names to those who hold a course in fenc
ing as an essential ic stage training.
Hanging upon ib«J walls Jn the sail?
d'armes of a well-known " fencing matter
are photographs of Mrs. Langtry, Sarah
Bernhardt. Marie Tempest, E. H. Sothern.
James K. Hackett and others, all garbed
and gauntleted ready, for the fray.
Fencing is by all odds the surest means
cf attaining control of one's muscles and
of adding a graceful bearing to one's list
of attractions. It develops and brings into
play those muscles which have most to do
with the outline of the feminfne figure, it
gives a quickness to the glance of the eye
and acts as a f pur to the most' sluggish
temperament.
The costumes worn by the feminine
fencers are really very attractive. The ac
cordion pleated skirt falls into such pretty
of> a thoroughly good fencer, and he muj*.
be fibVe to feel through the blade what
"thrust his adversary will next attempt.
points of swords to the left of each other
they are engaged In 'Vjuarte." . To lunse
In tierce Is' to thrust high and. to tho
right. To lunge In quarte Is to follow the
same movement, going to .the -left.,. ,
Just a word. thcftiRh by r!*ht3 it shauld
have been an Introductory one, -on how
to grasp the foil. Let the thumb be* flat
on the convex part of the hilt, forefinger
extended! and the other fingers curved
.about, the. hilt and. fiat agalnst-the left
side, touching each other lightly.. Grasp
the foil firmly,, so that a quick. . strain
cannot loosen, the hold, but do not clutch
at the 'hilt, or strain the wrist and fore
arm with a too clcse hold.
.Pliability -is one of the greatest qualities
TTO SUXDA Y CAJAj.
o
Feaching young girls how to use the foilsTO MEET the growing demand for
artificial jewelry the process of
. making "precious stones" ha's been
greatly improved within the last
few years, and its further development
has enlisted the services of some of the
most skillful chemists.
The material chiefly used Is glass, but
it Js not the ordinary glass of commerce.
It Is prepared with the greatest care by
highly skilled artisans, for upon its clear
ness and perfect homogeneity depend the
quality of the Imitation gems, which are
far superior to the cheap grade of coun
terfeits that rely on silver backings for
their' luster.
This glass can only be made from abso
lutely pure quartz, or. better still, from
rock crystal, as quartz frequently con
tains minute veins of iron, which would
impair the clearness and color of the
glass. The bicarbonate of potash and the
oxide of lead. which are mixed with It
must also be chemically pure. Other In
gredients of less importance are borax,
which promotes the flux, and a small
quantity of arsenic.
The best glass for imitation gems cor.
sists of rock crystal, 32 per cent; bicar
bonate of potash, 17 per cent; oxide of
lead. 50 per cent; borax. 1 per cent, and,
a trace of arsenic. Carefully prepared by
competent hands, this mixture produces
a grade of glass which In brilliancy and
iridescence yields little to the genuine
diamond Itself, and these qualities may
be further enhanced by the substitution
of potassium for the bicarbonate of pot
ash and an Increase of the quantity ot
uxlde of lead used. .
Stones carefully made by this process
can only be distinguished from the genu
ine by experts.. This Is true, however,
only so long as they are new, for imita
tion gems wear off. become blind and lose
their fiber with age. and. .it is to remedy
these defects that the efforts o£ chemists
are, now directed
Ingredients Used
To Make
Artificial Gems.
idea in studying is. Almost In tears she
tells • him she wishes to become a great
actress,' • opera . singer or concert player.
If fce sees any possibility in her, he tells
her what* it means— years of work and
study— and then when she is 30 or 33 a
he&rinK and possibly success! Success,
when her power to enjoy it has fled with
the years qf grinding work!
If genius really burns she accepts it all
and begins her labor. She places a belief
in herself . on the success of the few who
have gone from her State and have seem
ingly leaped into fame auid fortune. She
r.c-es not know of the vast army who have
Kone forth and returned silently, having
carved no. name' for "themselves, but
lather, chiseled deep ruts tn the pocket
books of fond and doting parents.
New York "presents none of the charm
of student life aa does Paris. Its pleas
ures are quite apart from its work. The
two do not mingle at all— then. too. her
concerts, theaters and operas come high;
whereas, on the Continent she can enjoy
the very best the world offers for a
trifling sum. Of course. If she has the di
vine spark no amount of poverty or pri
vations will down her— it is the only thing
on earth that defies death—and she will
awake one morning to find New York at
her feet— after that perhaps London and
Paris, and then "she may tear up the rest
of the map." If not, she should better
return home, for New York is no place for
her alone. .
Ec.-iretimss she remains there, and her
history is but one of many— more ofteu
she turns her face West impatient and
hungry for a. sight of the Golden Gate—
the train seems to crawl, but at last she
is en the ferry— the lights of the city
looming, up -before her— her heart going
out in a new bounding love for San Fran
cisco, and with tear-dimmed eyes she
realizes for the first time that "Be it ever
to humble, there is no place like home."
. Opaque gems, .like the turquoise %tA
the. opal, are made from' glass whos«
* transparency 13 - destroyed . by ' the addi
tion of oxide of zinc after pulverization.
The color of the turquoise Is produced bj
means of oxide of copper and cobalt.
she was Introduced to him he rose, clicked
his heela together, bent almost double
from the middle and gave her the high
hand-shake. She confusedly raised her
hand to his and tried to pretend that that
had been her customary mode of saluta
tion since she had Wot grasped her rattlo
and teething ring. -
Then the girl at the other table, who
speaks with: a very decided English ac
cent and always «•!>'*> "dark" for clerk,
she is told was born and bred in Yonkers,
and the little middle-aged woman who sips
a /breakfast 'cup of black coffee twice ¦
weekly,; is the well-known lecturer whom
Major, Pond is exploiting. It gradually
dawns upon her that the man of leisure
Is : not distinguishable Uy a high hat and
a frock coat, for she is just as likely to
meet the garbage man so attired. on the
avenue. on Sundays and holidays.
..But these are all "minor difficulties. Her
¦real awakening conies at the school. Here
she: soon reaches her proper level. There
are hundreds "of girls as talented as she,
"and she sooii.tintls that mere talent sinks
Into insignificance and that the standard
of New York is very different from that
at home. It takes genius or money, and'
agreat deal of it, to make a name. She
must work unceasingly— - give ; up all
' thought of pleasure f nd put up with all
sorts of Inconveniences. . .
Her glowing, letters of recommendation
and introduction mean absolutely nothing.
¦ The men to .whom they are addressed re
ceive, hundreds of such in a day. She . ia
curtly asked to sing, play or recite: is ab
ruptly^stopped in' the middle with, "Bah—,
here,, try ' this."
With flaming cheeks she obeys and
•'struggles through with It, then turns and
awaits his. '/comments. All . h,er castles
¦come' tumbling about ; her .ears,-, while this
' god of her chosen work tells her that she
must beeln all over. Must unlearn what
she spent all her best years In learning,
and says he cannot bother with her until
she has prepared herself,' under some per
son, who i3 unknown to her.
Then hie is likely to ask her what; her
Wash and dry three large v tomatoes;
cut off the two ends and cut the tomatoes
in two; dry each slice gently. Have ready
mixed three tablespoonfuls of flour with
one teaspoonful of salt, one saltspoonful
of black pepper," two : cloves of • garlic
. chopped fine ana . one ". table-spoonful of
parsley. Put a thick coat, of this mixture
over each, side of the. tomatoes.- \ Put in
a frying pan three tablespoonfuls "of olive
oil; when hot put the tomatoes in it; cook
them on each side for four minutes, not
fast. Put each slice In a very, amail
eaj-thenware . cggplatter and have - them
kept warm in an open oven;, then poach
six eggs, one by one. each In one pint
of boiling consomme. > Cook them >: two
minutes. • ,-- ¦ --
Dress each one in the small platter over
the tomato, pour over one -teaspoonful of
hot glace de vlande or any good, gravy
left over from roasted meat. Send at once
to the table very hot.— Harper's ; Bazar.
is both! She at last realizes she must be
content with a hall bedroeim. whose man
tel at night drops, making her bed. This
quite fills up the room and she performs
strange feats In passing over the bed
from bureau to washstand. But is she
not In New York? That fact, strange as
It may seem, apparently counterbalances
all discomfort.
Then the weather Is a great factor
which must be taken into consideration.
Her throat rebels at the constant change
from overheated houses to the chilling
blast In an Eastern winter. In summer
she wilts. , not so much from the intense
heat as from the humidity of the atmos-
phere. and sh#» is thrown into fits of ad
miration or fear, as the case may be, bj
th ! ever recurrent thunder storm.
She also finds life in a boarding-house
very cramped and stifling, accustomed as
she has been all her life to freedom of
space. At first she Is disgusted and re
bellious at the gossip -of the table, and
th<>n, too often, alas, takes part in it.
There are, too, many surprises waiting
for her. The smug, blonde young man
who is her vis-a-vis impresses her very
much by the cut and color of his ward
robe. She gathers Irom him ere long thar
all his clothes are from London. Loiter
she discovers that ne patronizes a. ready-
made clothing emporium on Sixth ave
nue. He - speaks familiarly of .Richard ¦
Harding Davis as ."Dickie Davis," calls
James K. Hackett "Jimmle K." and says
"Gillman is quarreling with Lederer
again," or tells you tiiat "Nellie Melba
.wasn't in good form last night." When
Scientist Predicts Another Eruption of Vesuvius
Will Soon Take Place
Professor R. V. Matteucci. the distln-.
gulshcd Italian scientist and careful stu
dent of Vesuvius' vagaries, predicts that
a new eruption will take place within a
short time, and from various Indications
he feels satisfied it will be no light one.
He has considered it well to utter a time
ly warning, as experience has shown that
Vesuvius, . when it vents its wrath unex-
I>ectedly. does a great deal of damage to
persons and property in the vicinity.
Professor Mattered is no alarmist,' but
bases his prediction on the fact, which
he has noticed, that various new fissures
p.re now being formed near the summit of
the mountain, and this, in his opinion. Is
an unquestionable proof that masses of
lava and other matter will soon be again
belched forth. His close study of the vol
cano during 'the recent eruption confirms
him In this opinion.
Day after day he continued his investi
gations, often at the peril of his life, and
as a result the account of his work, which
Ire has Just forwarded to the French
Academy of Sciences, contains more facts
about Vesuvius than were ever known be
fore. He noted the daily changes that
took place in the crater during the erup
tion and he even measured the height
v:hich was attained by the great masses
of igneous matter after the mountain had
\omited them forth.
l'.r •
New Recipe for poached Eggs
The largest of these masses ascended to.
ahelght of K7 meters, and when it fell it"
occupied a spare of twelve cubic meters
and was found to v.'elgh 30,000 kilo
grammes. . 'It" traveled through the air at
the rate of eighty meters, a second,- and
it is estimated that a force equivalent to.'
COO ,000 •horsepower..^ must have been re- .
quired to send it on its skyward career. ' _...\
This ' enormous mass -fell dangerously
near the professor. However, this was
not ¦ thY only occasion on which he almost
lost his life, and his. friends are still won
dering how he • managed to escape the
constant' shower of fiery rocks that threat-'
ened him during the entire eruption.'
:; Atone time it was rumored that he had
been. killed, but, happily this proved to" be
false," and ; now many are f congratulating
him. not only on his good fortune in pass
ing Through so many perils unscathed but ;
also ;on the skill and forethought : which \
have enabled htm to ascertain the time
v/henthe next eruption may be expected.:
If his ¦prediction in. this instance should
prove to be true scientist* claim that t c
there 1 will ; be no reason why. all future .
eruptions, not. only, of Vesuvlous but also .
of all other; volcanoes, may not be pre
dicted in a similar manner.:
would do well *o copy.
I was busily writing cne day wl'pi Mis<
California's card came up. followed by
Miss C. herst-lf.
"I am fo glad to fir.d you at home — we
have been calling quite at cross purp-jses
—haven't we?"
I asrr.red her we had ar.d motioned to a
*eat. She sat down and the very sight of
her made me home-rick. *
"How did you leave San Francisco?" I
said.
"I-ovely. lovely—but pleas; don't
talk about it or I shall cry: you know
papa went hack r.fght before last. Yes.
it w£s very sudden, and I just cried
quarts. Pana said there would be a
washout right there in the Grand Central
If I didn't Ft«?r»— but I couldn't. I felt so
Miss California was the motherless
daughter o* a man who had struck Cali
fornia and gold in the early '50s. She pos
sessed all that was b*st in California
womanhood and a rare, sweet voice,
which she had come to New York to cul
tivate.
"Well." I said, "you will want to start
right in with your lessons — and we must
>-ee about a suitable boarding place."
"That is just what I came to see you
about. I have found a p!cce."
I was naturally surprised and she con
tinued :
"V^sterday I xat so sfck of the hotel
that I determined not to bother you. but
would just go out and get a place my
relf. So I searched the dally papers and
selected twenty places and started out.
The fifteenth suited me so I engaged my
room and said I would send my trunk to
morrow."
"Where is it?." I arked.
"Ninety-reven West I'mpty-sixth street.
I knew I would like it the minute I saw
It. T'n-.pty-Fixth street is so nice and
broad I felt I could breathe without in
fringing en the oxygen of the people
across the street. Then a boy in but
tons opened the door— and I do think it is
the sweetest thing on earth to have a boy
In buttons. But you know Mrs. Blank
«.ame down In a sort of a wrapper!"
"A wrapper!" I exciaimed.
."Yes: but it was all right. You know,
the poor woman had just lost her cook
and she had to go in the kitchen herself.
She was all flushed from making sau:e
Firrething or other. Then three of her
boarders happened in. and she introduceJ
me. and told them that I was from Car.
fornia, and had come to cultivate my
voice.
"They asked me to sing, and I had to
ting several times. They all stared at me
In the rude way NVw York men do. anl
une of them, with droopy eyeiids, leaned
all over the piano and made goo-goo eyes
at me until I got so rattled I couldn't
ring.
_"I almost forgot to ask to see the rooms.
Ehe told me that the one she thought
would suit me was being rcpapered, but
the would show me one that she woul-l
let me have until that one was finished.
We went upstairs, and I sank ankle-deep
into the velvet carpets, and she showed
me the first floor back.
"It was a dream; all mahogany, with a
dressing room off — far handsomer than
my room at home. Then, the windows
opened on the balcony, which looked dowj
on the dear little garden."
"And how much was it?" I aeked.
"Well, the room I am to have is $14 per
week. She is going to let me have th!s
at the same price until mine is finished,
although she said she usually got $20 a
week for this one."
"My dear." I replied, assuming a moth
erly tone, "I think you should better wait
until I investigate this piace before send
ing your trunk."
M.'ss California flushed and said, "I ia.ni
cure it is all right because it is on Umpty
slxth street."
"That means nothing at all," I said, "for
New York's doubtful residents are som;
what scattered— and the best thing for
you to do would be to go to the Y. W. C.
A. for a list of boarding places."
Mips California giggled.
I looked inquiringly at her.
"That's too funny." the said. "They
would send me to a place where they have
family prayers before breakfast, and sing
hymns on an organ after dinner."
"Not necessarily," I replied.
That evening I investigated 97 Wes:
Umpty-slxlh street and found that my
little friend of the Golden West had un
wittingly selected one of the most notori
ous women In New York as her landlady.
This shows but one of the muny dangers
open to a girl without friends In New
York. 4
The girl from California finds much to
contend with. In the first place ehe finds
that living is high, whereas at home she
can live In very good style at a nominal
sum. In New York most of her money
gees for room and board. And bow poor
*\T EW TORK Is the Mecca of the
I \| American student body. Every
I N >"«*r there are swarms to it—
y^ young^ people from the West,
North. South and Middle East,
¦with one or two trunks and a precon
ceived Idea of ih-tr own ability. , They
knock for admission at the 5uurs of the
various schools of drama, music, art and
medicine and then fettle down to work in
their chosen paths.
They are usually graduates. ' for I am
r.ot sneaking of the girl who enters a
fashionable boarding nchoci fcr finishing
touches. These schools are nothing more
nor less than beautiful homes, acormno
dating a number of youns parlor boai''
*rs who are gi\en a season in New York
uncer careful chnr>eronage. They visit
the opera, the best plays, symphony ern
certs. have their days at home and *re
taught the thousand and one little social
usages wHch it is beflttirfj a rdrl vrlth
mercy and T>es5tlon °hould know. Th~y
are merely the preparatory schools rf the
social world, where more stress is laid upon
the extras than upon the fundamentals.
The most important question, then, to
the girl who come' to study is a home. If
the is absolutely alone and without
friends the best way for her to do is to
¦ pply to the Young Women's Christian
Association for a list of benrd'ng-hnuse-.
Here, by stating the amount she can af
ford to pay ar..J t!ie vicinity in which <=h«>
prefers to live, she wi'l be given a list of
Pises to select from— ?rd she tnnv feel
perfectly safe as to their respectability.
It is an excellent custom ar.d one all cit.'es
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
A California Girl in New YorkThe Part a Well Chosen Title Plays in Making the Book a Hit
o Is these days of the making of many
books, notably novels, the increasing
II difficulty of finding good, strong, at
" tractive titles is preoccupying the
minds of busv authors, and still more,
perhaps, those of the hard-worked literary,
advisers of the publishing' houses, for the
duties of these gentlemen are many, far
more numerous than the public which
accepts cr rejects tne novels^they select
for publication can possibly suspect. Not
the" least of these duties is' the finding 'of.
pood titles for good books, for not allau-.
thors have the knack to do this. It is of
ten a thankless task; your writer is gen
enally a sensitive being, clinging as fran
tically to a title that is bad as to his be
lief In a story that Is really good; but oc
casionally virtue finds Its reward in the
gratitude of a man who willingly surren
ders the meaningless name selected by
himself in favor of. a title that Ms sonor
ously alliterative, or ruggedly' strong, O r
felicitously inviting.
The tlt:« must fit the book, of courpe:
but when a title is found that, while ap
propriate, arouses curiosity or interest on
its own account, perfection is reached in
a difficult flfld. It is not perhaps too
much to eay that one-half of the 'English
and American novelists of the past an-1
present have lacked this form of Invent
iveness, and that of the remaining half
but few have been signally: successful.
Gcorre Kliot. did not nossess : the gift,
neither did Dickens, or Thackeray,"Van
ity Fair" being the exception. that proves
the rule in the latter's case, as "A Tale of
Two Cities." and perhaps, "Hard Times"
and "Barnaby Rudge," on account of the
ruggedness, in that of Dickens. George
Eliot made one deliberate attempt, it
would appear, and failed— In "The Im
pressions of Theophrastus Such." ..-/¦:
Successful titles may, be roughly, divided
into two classes— the absolutely, and the
.•datively good. The former arrest atten
tion even before the book Is read; they
give full promise of what the prospective
reader is to expect, but the' book must
fulfill the promise thus made. ¦ The appro
priateness of the relatively good title is
only recognized after the book, has been
real. "A Window in Thrums" is an ex- 1
ample -of this. relative merit of titles, and
so is "Unleavened Bread.".
These titles are excellent, because 'they
at once attract the .attention and arouse
curiosity. Charles Reado, too." had this
knack, apparently so simple. ".'Foul Play."
"A Terrible Temptation," "White Lies,"
"A Woman Hater" and "liard Cash',', were
titles well calculated- to extract- the shil
lings from the pockets of a public avid. of
entertainment. For his best-known book,
however, he could only -find "The Cloister
and the Hearth." which really deserves
to be classed in the second category,' that
of titles whose excellence is Been. after ihe
book itself has been read.
Our own James Fenimore Cooper is an
other author who must not be overlooked
in the tionor list of novelists with a talent'
for titles, his having the added advantage
of being admirably simple.- "The Last^of
the Mohicans. • "Pathfinders," .."Leather
stockings," "Deerslayer." . "The \ Spy'.' —
how directly these titles . must , have
spoken tothe readers of his day and gen
eration! There was no mistaking their
meaning, and the, prdmlse they gavewas
conscientiously kept. . '
Hawthorne stands high in ;thls : small
company. ."Twice-Told Tales." "Mosses
From an Old Manse," -."The House of the
Seven Gables.'; "The ScarleU. Letter,'.'
"Tfre Marble Faun," "Tanglewood^Tales''
are attractive titles,' alluring rather" than
explicitly promising; .with ', a, supremely
clever use of alliteration and™ assonance,'
one of «. the great ' aids 'i of ' the maker ' of
titles. Anthony Trollope, ; too. had ? - his
happy moments in 1 "Can \ You '"Forgive
Her?" "The^ Way .We. Live Now," "The
Prime Minister" (how many English
Prime Ministers we have had In English
fiction lately). "The American Senator."
"The Duke's Children" (a Duke is always
asafe venture in England) and "Is He
Popinjay?" We may add here* for curios
ity's sake, the. titles. of four unfinished
novels— Hawthorne's "Dr. Grimshawe's
Secret,". Trollope's .''The Land Leaguers."
Dickens' "Mystery of Edwin Drood" and
Thackeray's "Bcnis Duval," three of
which show, alliteration.
There are fashions in titles, and some
of; them persist. Green's "Philomela \he
Lady, Fitz Water's Nightingale" and "Mo
rando, tho Tritameron of Love", of Eliza
bethan days find their successors: in Miss
RhoJa Broughton's "Red as a Rose Is
She," "Alas!" "Not Wisely^ but Too "Well"
and in that undercurrent of minor fiction
in which shone "The Duchess" with
"Beauty's Daughters,". "Molly. Bawn" and
"Airy, Fairy Lillian," and which reaches
low-water mark in such inventions as
"Sweet Sin," ."Oh. What "a Plaugue" is
Love" and ail their kind. ' •
' The Bible has often served as a, source
of inspiration to ' authors v In ," search of
titles, • and :-. so, v of .course." . has ' Shakes
peare. William Dean ' Howells'. • constant
reliance, "A Hazard ;of , New/ Fortunes,"
"A Modern Instance/' "A Foregone/Con'
cluslon," * "The Quality "of MercyV-^these
are apt; titles. -well : found. ;'- "The: Lady of
the Arcbstook,"/ "The" Rise ; of Silas Lap
ham." belon g r In, the \ category .' of names
whose . appropriateness* becomes ; apparent
only -In the: light 'of " the^ story • itself.
Maarteri'Maartens.itoo, has not applied in
vain to the world's ; poet. "The , Greater
Glory" was the only title for his book. of
that name." \ •
Occasionally the first , comer in; the field
finds ; the only good f title. "possible. s More's
* "Utopia"; was perfect" of ? its" kind ; 'noth
ing; approaching, it could 'be found by * Mr.
Bellamy, .who had'to content himself with
the clumsy "Looking Backward," , which
suggested to the professional . humorist
a fear that he mlghtsuffer from a crick
in the neck If he read the book; and Mr.
Howells spoiled his -"Altruria" ide\
through conscientiousness. .To be explicit
in describing the scope of his work n«
added : tho "traveler ?> from." ¦ and mad'!
the title unwieldy. Other writers of so
cial novels of the future have 1.?en equal
ly at a loss. The late Ignatius Donnelly's
"Caesar's Column" was I not particularly
good; nnd flounderings ; in "As It Is to
Be," "A. D. 3001," etc., do not improve
matters. . . ,-
Some fashions in novels are short
lived. . Notable ' among those" was tho
style invented by Mrs. Margaret Deland
in "John Ward, Preacher," which was
immediately followed - by "Metzerott.
Shoemaker," and? a host of other imita
tions, the novelty of the thing being worn,
out within • a year. The • most notable re
cent.example of- this class of titles, prob
ably the last, is Dr.. Mitchell's "Huga
Wynne," Free Quaker." . Then there was
the ' fashion set by John Oliver Hobbes
in "Some Emotions and a Moral," which
led not only to imitation, but to parody
as well. . ¦*/•;_.*;• . ; . "
;'„ At the : present ' moment the .inventive
ness of authors : and publishers in tho
matter of titles seems to be at a . low
ebb. . A minor English : novelist." Ernest
1 William " Hornung, is remarkably* busi
ness-like in his i method : ''A; Bride' From
the" Bush," "Irralie's '• Bushranger," "The
, Boss of .Tarocmba"— these are unmistak
able titles for "Australian novels;' "Dead
: Men Tell No . Tales" is alike ' explicit ; and
suggestive of endless possibilities, and the
' work : r by - which he prom I sea -. to ~ become
best^ known : is : designated "The; Amateur
Cracksman." ' James M. Barrie has been
felicitous -with .''My. Lady .; Nicotine."
•'Tommy] and Grizel". was , of course the
best : : title, commercially, that could \ be
found for.;' the "sequel to
Tommy," but it was : obvious,- and there-
"Starboard Lights." appearing as "Salt
Water Tales, by A. B. Hawser, Master,"
is a more than ordinarily good collection
of bhert stories. As the title implies^ all
the sketches are connected by the com
mon subject of the sea, yet there is so
much variety that the little book makes
a reading in one sitting a 'pleasure' from
start to finish. Some of the tales have
appeared in the New York Pre'ss, but
nearly all of them are worth a second
Starboard Lights.
Mr. Sonnichsen's narrative reads like
the romances of Dumas for dramatic Inci
dent. There is not a dry page in the
whole book, for it holds tho attention by
the crowding of thrilling events the one
on the other. .Not only Is the book of
merit as a story of adventure, but it oc
cupies the higher plane of r illustrating the
life and character of one of our most in
teresting possessions and will hold, its
place as one of the best' books on r the
Philippines for some time to come, (Pub
lished by Charles Scrlbner's Sons, New
York. Price $1 50.)
haved as well. If not better, toward their pris
oners than other nations have dont in recent
wars.
will undoubtedly be asked, "vvno.is wj
author?" The publishers are only at lib
erty to state that he is an American an<1
graduate of a leading American college.
Th* book is got up in Doxey's best «tyl<?
and is In. every way one of the oddest
issued this year. We notice, moreover,
that the edition is limited to five hundn a
copies, each numbered. Cloth $1.
The Ess Ess Publishing Company will
focn publish In book form "The Love Let
ters of a Liar," by Mrs. William Allen.
They wera flrst printed in, The Smart Set
last September, and owing to their charm
ing style and fascinating "humanness" at
once attracted much attention. The social
prominence of Mrs. Allen In New York
and in the South, and the charge—vehem
ently denied by the author— that they
were letters written to her by one of her
admirers. '• have made them a subject of
conversation In fashionable drawing
rooms. The New York World says: "All
the world is talking about 'The Love Let
ters of an Englishwoman.' but they do
not compare with 'The Love Letters of a
Liar" In brilliancy, knowledge of men and
the world, and »thelr daring."
McClure. Phillips & Co. will publish
shortly Edward H. -Sotheni's Prompt
Book on. Hamlet, as it was prepared fcr
his own successful production for the first'
time at the Garden 'Theater, New York,
on September 17, 1900. The publisher
have endeavored to . make thts tiook m
every way worthy of th* play and the
production. The format is the same as
that of the Mansfield edition of King
Henry V, which they published recently,
and it is printed on toned deckle edge
paper. Sixteen half-tones illustrates thu
volume, eight of which show Mr. 3othern
and Miss-Harned as Hamlet and Ophelia,
the rest exhibiting whole scenes* in the
play. The cover design is the most ela
borate ever attempted on a book of this
character, being a representation in six
colors on imitation Japan vellum of the
b'.rial of Ophelia, and is the work of a
distinguished English artist. The volume
is a narrow octavo, "bound In a flexible
board cover and sells for 50 cents net.
Among the new editions issued by Ran'!.
McNally & Co. in their popular Orient-i
Library, paper covera, are the following:
"In Hampton Roads." by Charles Eugene
Banks and George Cram Cook; "Tho
Launching of a Man.", by Stanley Water
loo: "Judge Elbridge,", by Opie Read;
"The Lady of the Garden." by Marah
.Ellis Ryan; "A Married Man." by Franc: s
Aymar Mathews; "The Flame in tlw
Socket," by Adeline Sergeant. Among th-j
now editions recently Included in their
RIalto series are; "Captain Landon." by
Richard Henry Savage; "The Woman
That's Good," by Harold Richard Vynne;
"Mexican. Vistas," by Harriott Wight
Sherratt.- Amost complete guide to- the
Pan-American-. Exposition, Buffalo, ami.
Niagara Falls, has been Issued by Rant!,
McNally & Co.,. which "will be of great
value ' to those 'who contemplate- visiting
the great fair and who want . to kno>v
som'ething \ about it j in . advance. It con
tains a historical review of the exposition,,
with a list' of the officers, the scope of tl:e
work, an exhaustive description of the
grounds and" buildings, and. in fact, infor
mation on every, subject with which the
visitor will be interested. The book ha*
numerous half-tone illustrations of the
buildings, plans, officers, etc. Aside from
the exposition itself there is a description
of .Buffalo '-and i its > many attractions and
full Instruction how to see Niagara Fal'r.
places to visit, expenses Incurred and
many helpful' suggestions. -' Besides tho
half-tone illustrations there are maps of
Buffalo, Niagara Falls and the exposition
grounds.
Maurice Thompson did not live to see
the dramatization of his novel, "Alice of
Old Vincennes." There is great pathos In
his. lea vine this world almost at the be
ginning of the popular success for which
he had worked and waited. But his tal
ents were not without appreciation long
ago and he had an every-day Joy in llfo
and nature which blessed him as he went
aiong. *..>."
Whenever an author scores a success
his earlv efforts are sure to be dug up,
however deeply they may be burled In ob
livion, and offered to the public, with or
without his consent. Anthony Hope re
vived more than one of his early novel3
-after "The Prisoner of Zenda" had
brought . him popularity, but in his case
there was no attempt at deception, and
the quality of his work In the earlier
books proved to be fully as good as that
of his later ones. . "The God in the Car."
for Instance, was published several years
before "The Prisoner, of Zenda." and
apathetically received. It was reissued
after that famous story had its long sea
• son of prosperity, and none could do aught
swallowed a spoonful of this mew one day
and survived, which is proof of an excellent
constitution. "Begone" is made In' this man
ner: A quantity of small shrimps, hardly big
ger than the ordinary spawn,, are placed in an
earthen Jar, where they are mixed with salt,
vinegar and areca nut. and allowed to stand a
week. The' mixture is then ready for use.
Sometimes . small fish are substituted for
shrimps, but the result Is the same. With a
small dish of. this on one aide of him, a pot of
rice on the other, and two bananas within
easy reach. Mr. Filipino is as happy as the
proverbial pig in clover. Squatting en his
heels in true Oriental style, he reaches Into
the rice pot, takes a handful, squeezes it into
a ball, and. dipping It into the "bogone," con
veys the whole to his under Up, which in an
astonishing manner projects Itself to receive it.
While their Jail was strong enough to
keep its prisoners from escaping, still it
would have amounted to a poor defense
in case of mob violence, and frequently
their lives were in danger.
At about 9 o'clock a mob of bolomen gath
ered outside the prlcan and amused themselves
by Jabbing their long knives In between the
bars at us. We were now alone; the native
prisoners had dlFappeared. It was bright
moonlight, and plainly could we see the crowd
of half-naked savages outside, the long blades
of their bolos flashing in the yellow light as
they flourished them , overhead. Again those
vicious cries of "Muerte! muerte! muerte a los
Americanos!" Then they tried to force our
doors, tut they were strongly bolted. Every
moment their fury Increased, and it seemed to
us that the long-dreaded climax had arrived.
But Just then in the veriest heat of the ex- m
citement we heard the trampling of horses'
hoofs outside, and. the next moment a mounted
officer dashed into the m!d?t of the turbulent
mob. laying about him with a heavy riding
whip and thundering out oaths in Spanish and
Tagalog. We could hear that whip whizzing
through the air. followed by cries of pain. In
two minutes the horseman was alone, glaring
about him as if seeking some more victim*
Approaching the bats, he shouted to us: "All
right: I told 'em; they not trouble you again!"
It was Pera. the Comandante or Military
Governor of the district. We admired bit style
cf tellins them.
¦\Vhat the author has to say about the
attitude of the Filipinos toward the friars
is not without interest or political signi
licance.
Not only do the Tagalos hate the friars, but
all the native* of Luzon. Ilocanos, Macabebes,
Mestizos, and even the Spanish soldiers regard
them as human birds of prey, and the stories
I have heard of their fiendish cruelty and cun
ning trickery 'would fill volumes and make a
fitting parallel to the Snanish inquisition.
From cobody, not even the Spanish offlcere.
have I heard a word in their defense, and the
native clergy unite In calling them oily hypo
crites and tyrants. There were, of couiss. ex
ceptions, for once I heard of a good friar who
lived In a small provincial town and as "cura*.
ruled his flock with sympathy and love, but
then he died. . " ; . . ''¦;"•
They were mostly of the Franciscan, Recol- ¦
let, Agurtin _ and Jesuit order?; and, strange
to say, the Filipinos are not so averse to the
latter aa to the reet. The Jesuits- have -
founded schools and done less harm, ' but ¦ the
Recollets seem to be the ¦ nioet hated. ' I. have'
had men chow me crippled limbs caused by th«
friars by torture inflicted ' In ¦ underground
chambers in order to force their victims to. re-'
veal the hiding . place \ of Insurgent refugees.'
Another showed me scars on the soles of hi
feet where they had. tortured him by "placing
burning candles to the bare flesh. I have my
telf entered secret chambers under their con
vents and teen hideous instruments of torture.*
As Scnn'.chfcn and his party. were taken
almost the entire length of the island
they had an excellent opportunity to
study the different tribes. Here is what
he has to say about the Negritos and
Igorrotcs:
I had never seen a Neirrito before, so was
much Interested. They were not well built
and almost dwarfish In stature. Their skins
were coal black and their hair crisp and K.nky
like that of an African negro, but their heads
were better formed, I think, not being so egg
ehaped. They are practically primitive sav
ages, their only approach v to clothing being; a
cloth around their loins. Their teeth they file
to sharp points. • • • The Ig-orrotesare by
no means similar to the Negritos, except In the
absence of ail manner of superfluity of dress,
barring a breech clout of the most economical
dimensions. Their straight blueblack hair U
long and coiled up loosely en the top of tha
head. Their color *is of a light coffee brown
a. J differs but slightly from the average Tata
leg. Mon of them are tattooed, some even in
their laces. In physical appearance they are
email, but well shaped, every muscle developed
!n f ytr.metrical proportions, and compare ia
vorably wltb the Negritos, whese legs seem to
have an almost uniform thickness from hip tj
calf. What caused us to wonder was the fact
that we fceldom observed an Igorrote who was
not leading a string of dogs. Inquiry revealed
the fact that dog forms the favorite dish in
an Igorrote bill of fare, and to obtain a gjfi'
cl-ncy they often come down to the lowland*
to trade horses, calves, goats, copper ore an I
even gold dust for curs that would hardly t>e
permitted to exist in our country.
The religious belief of these Igbrrotes Is ot
the vaguest order, tainted with gross FuperBtl
tlons ot seemingly Mohammedan origin, and all
. ''They had me in Morro Castle for a few
weeks till they found that they couldn't
prove it on me and all the time this fellow
had enJoyed N himself kicking me'. whenever
he got a chance. . I found him to be a very
unreasonable man down there in Havana,
and it seemed that our northern climate
hadn't improved him; for though any man
could see With half an eye that we were
in. a, hurry he insisted in running' his
launch across c-ur bows. Then he shouted
to us to stop, and when he saw that we
didn't consider it wise he pulled out a
horse pistol ami began to shqot at us.
ahead with the one exception of a launcfl
load of officers, who are acting in con
junction with the cutter to arrest the fili
buster. Here is the naive way the captafn
has of telling Just how he handled the
immediate, difficulty In sight:
"We knew that we had to hurry, for It
wouldn't take thorn Ions to Clear the pror
peller. Maybe'It was owing to this hurvy
that we ran into the launch that had re
mained where I had seen it first. The men
In the launch were Spaniards and when
we" got close to them I recognized the ugly
face of one. He had made trouble fr
me once before when I had tried to turn
>4n honest penny in tho filibustering line. '
become -somewhat, "entangled." The,
charm of the romance lies largely in; his
breezy character and humorous speech'.
"The Wizard's Knot." by Dr. William
Barry, author of "Arden Massiter," "The
'Two Standards," etc., also announced by
tho Century Company, is described as a
graphic picture of life in Ireland. The
author; is a .well .known Catholic priest
and theologian, a lecturer. traveler,
student and thinker. In his latest ro
mance the j picturesqueness that char
acterizes all of his writings is a distinct
ive feature. - '
Doxey's (at the Sign of the Lark. New
York) sends out from the well-known boair
shop a volume. of verse the like of which
has. never been ventured In this country.
The decadents have had their poets, but
it has remained for the author of. tno
"Book of Jade," whoever he may be, >b
claim recognition as their, leader. His
verse Is Oriental to a degree; it is redolent
with strange perfumes. Occasionally it is
lurid and fiery; sometimes it Is chill with
•the damp of death; it is always original:
A first perusal will lead to a second and
: It will then dawn on the reader that even
Charles Beaudelalre, the great French de
cadent (to whom Iho book is dedicated),
wrote nothing more 'unique. The question
make, triends for him, and his affections
••Her : MountaIn Lover." by Hamlin Gar
land*" a'uthor. of .''Main Traveled Roads,"'
etc., will ; be published by the Century
Company on April 3. It is a story of pic-,
turfl&fjue contrasts, and its hero suggests
a masculine counterpart of '.'Daisy Mil
ler.".- A'young : Colorado ranchman is sent
to London to pluce an interest in a West
ern: mine; his unconventional manpers
Brentano's have for immediate publica
tion a novel by.F. Frankfort Moore, en
titled "Nell Gwyn. f\Cq'raedian" ; a finer
jjiect of literary • work : that; "TheT Jwsamy
UrMe,' V by this' fiame'Vauthor.-^hidit was
such a^pronouhced ' success twqiyearB 1 ago.
The story'is wrltien iri-'hls most dualling
style, and la full "of quip -and «>p]grarri*a«
aufls the' subject and .^UmeV, ' : The "book
will be illustrated; very* handsomely, and
the? binding will "be .most attractive . and
characteristic, with ' a medallion of j "NeUV.
in colors inserted on the front cover;. .' \
Scrlbner's Magazine for April will be a
spring number with a special cover in
colors and Illustrations in color by a new
method. It will contain six short stories
—articles by John Fox Jr., Walter A.
Wyokoff. Mrs. Gilbert and others; and the
pictures: will represent the best work .of
such artists as Pelxotto. Steele. Christy,
Weeks and McCarter.
The third volume of "The History of
South Carolina." by Edward McCrady,
president . of the Historical Society of
South Carolina, has Just been issued by
the Macmillan , Company. 'This volume
deals with South Carolina In the revo
lution. 1775-17S0.
Literary Notes.
The book is in two parts, the first of
which is supposed to be from "Captain
Hawser's Log," and the second gives, a
few; tales "picked up on the waters."
Captain Hawser and his "Bo's'n" are both
great old characters. "What the captain
has to tell about his filibustering trip is
especially rich in the flavor of humorous
salt. It seems that that worthy tar ha<i
been trying to turn an honest penny In
landing arms for the Cubans— before our
recent trouble with Spam— and after ,a
deal of trouble momentarily delayed tho
pursuit of a cutter by tangling a flsh Una
about her propeller. He succeeds in get
tfne aboard his schooner with a free way
afraid to light a match, a sun stroke of
an officer in the Arctic Circle, a sailor
nearly frozen to death In the tropics and
other freakish bits ol narrative, the au
thor shows that he is equally adept in giv
ing uncanny touches to his stories. "A
Mystery of New York Bay." "The Pro
fessor's Manuscript" and "The Little Yel
low Man." make splendid reading for, coM
chills under the lone gaze of your mid
night oil. Published by Quail & Warner.
New York. Price $1.
Eover Boys Out West.
"The Rover Boys Out West" is the
' fourth volume of the "Rover Boys" series.
• by* Arthur M. Winfleld. a line of works
popular. with* boys from the start. In the
previous books the youthful readers were
introduced to the Ruver boys at school, on
the ocean, arid in the Jungle. In the pres
ent book the scene is shifted to the West,
whither the three boy heroes have gone in
search for a lost gold mine belonging to
their father. This mine is claimed by the
Rovers' old enemies, the Baxters; and thi
struggle to locate it and to prove the, title
make j absorbing reading. Vivid pictures
of life in the mountain camps are given.
The book is illustrated. (Published by The
Mershon Co.. New York. Price $1 25.)
. They all have .the right whiff of salt
air about, them; which marks them as
from the pen of one familiar and enthu
siastic with life on the ocean.*.'. In theme
they vary from comber and weird to
humorous . and sketchy. In those of
lighter vein t the author's humor Is con
stantly cropping out in a delightfully sub
tle way. Some of the characters appear
in several of the stories, and are sure to
make fast friends of the readers.
bled the wheel like mad and somehow .ran
right on top of the Spanish launch. We
hit : her Ilckety-Bpllt and burst her wltla
open. "We didn't Btop. . •¦" ;\.
"After we got about a mile out to. sea
th« mate slapped his thigh and said:
" "There. 'If I ain't 'about the abserrt
mindedest galoot! I never thought. to ask.
them.fellers if they could swim!' And w«
never found out."
, Besides tales of ships where they wei«*
reading and will be welcome in th© more
permanent form In which they are now
offered to the public. '?"
"My mate was at the helm, and he must
have got terribly frightened, though not
Inclined that way generally, for he wab-
Considering the circumstances, the poverty
of those who held us, themselves sometimes
starving, we ought not to complain. Those
who really have come in sufficiently close con
tact with the Filipinos to know them and are
enabled to Judge them without racial or na
tional prejudice, cannot but admit that they
are as entitled to be called civilized as other
nations, and even more so than some whose
representatives we receive at' our capital and
accord the same honors as those of the most
polished nations. Considering the chances they
had had, or rather not had, and who their
teachers were, the Filipinos have certaJnlv ha.
In spite of his harsh treatment at first,
the author bears no ill will toward the
Filipinos, : for in the course of the ten
months, of his captivity there . were fre
quent opportunities of which 'the natives
availed themselves in particular instances
to show that many a kind heart beat on
the island.
the efforts of the friars to convert them have
signally failed. I am told that. the monks who
went up into the mountains for t"iis purpose
had a nasty habit of disappearing. Finally,
the friars decided to leave them entirely alone.
These people .live in small villages, each gov
erned by the oldest male .Inhabitant. The vil
lages are familiarly known by the Spanish
name " "rancher-las" throughout the islands.
The native prisoners lived chiefly on rice,
but always had some side dish. - which, no
ciatter of what composed, was always called
"vlanda" or "ulam"in Tagalog. Sometimes
it was rhrimrs or email crabs, at times a spe
cies of catfish boiled with tamarind beans, but
their favorite relish was "begone." " 1 boldly
Sonnichsen'js account of the prison fare
naturally causes one to wonder how these
men managed to keep alive.
One case that occurred then *till remains
vividiy in my recollection cf these ghastly
freties— that of a boy of less than If years of
dire, lit a'fj had been a servant with some
"Americano." and creased ever Into the in
surgent lines to Join h'.s family. Arrested as
a "hereto." the boy denied the charge, but.
in order to fore* a confesslcn from him, the
soldiers bound him to a. tree, and then burned
his face, nerk and chest with the Klov.-ir.jr ends
of their cigarettes. When thrown in with us.
the poor lad, although by nature cf a plean'ng
appearance, was fairly hideous, with his dli
fijrunwl face and neck, having all the appear
ance of a smallpox patient. When he told us
his story we <"ould hardly believe it. but the
j-iiri<> ' wnli which the sergeant of the guard
t*nstrd of his complicity in the outrage re
moved cur last doubts. We named the lad
Cigarettes on account of his experience, and
by this appellation he soon became known
throughout the prison by ¦ soldiers and prison
ers alike, it being considered very appropriate.
Any attempt at an explanation was useless.
Kvery time I ventured a word I found myself
Uokir.B down the muzzle of the Colt. No ex
planations were wanted; we were not only
Americnrs. but spies, scoundrels. heirs, dogs.
and a variety of other bad thinrs. Ourinjr
the half hosr we spent in the presence of thin
rabid little officer, I Isaroed more Span: ah
profantty than a two months" stay in Manila
had taught me.
They were thrown into a filthy jail
anong a lot of convicts and political pris
oners, and it is remarkable that they did
not contract some fstu.1 fever.
We received an old sleeping mat larc enough
for the two cf us, and a small space on the
floor whereon to reread it. When n'ght came
m retired, but, there being e'.xtctn of us, our
quarters were cramped, to pat it mildly. At
one side I found a filthy Tacaloff so close to
me that his breath. mfECBtive of decayed fish. '
fanned my cheek. ~ I' tried to e»cape this hor
ror by crowding Huber. but he wae UketvUe
r.ark-J on the other side. A Socialist In cur
B'tuatlon would nave had hi*, ideas consider
ably tncrdlSed. Thtt night I became a Dcr
wir.jft. Later on, rats, lizard* and a epecie*
tit larr* "b**tl« appeared and promenaded about
the floor and wal'.s. - Had they only confined
them«u>lvm to that I should not have com
plained, but tbry became entanplcd in my
hair, -crawled down my back inside cf ray
clothes. ticked the soles of my feet, and. In
fact, maue themselves cbncrlous In penersX
The Americans were at least treated bet
ter than the Datives, These poor creat
urc-e were under arrest for vprious rea
*on* — Feme n'crely because they ti-cre the j
relatives of prisoners who had escaped, or
cf .persons who were friendly to the
Americans. Even children did not escape
Ae, brutality of the soldiers. Here is
one incident of raanr:
When Sonniclujen and Huber were ar
rested they naturally looked forward to
polite treatment, as all their dealings with
the Filipinos up to that time had been
characterized by courteousness. Imagine
their surprise when, upo^being taken be
fore the commanding officer, they were
greeted as follows:
I expected to be received ¦with polite bows—
"Ruer.cs dias. Senores." etc. Imagine, then,
*hit a shock I experienced when on crossing
the threshold we were grwted with a torrent
cf Fpanish profanity, emanating from an ex
cited fat little Filipino behind a large desk,
frantically waving a Malay krls over his head
with cue hand, while in the other he held a
Colt's revolver, the hammer of which he mi
snapping with wonderful rapidity, producing
a sound eimMar to a typewriter in full opera
tion, and on each side of us etood a file of sol
diers with Remingtons with fixed bayonets,
pointed at us as if about to charge.
The carefully prepared little speech on which
I had exhausted my entire Spanish vocabulary
¦was entirely shattered; we rtood dazed and
t-tupefled at the vehemence of that hoFtiie re
ception. But m>- composure gradually re
turned as I realized that every dog barks loud
en from hi* own kennel, and we were no
lonper Inside American lines.
LBERT SONNICHSEN. who was
/L\ quartermaster of .the Zealandia
jl when she left here on her second
expedition to Manila in IS??, has
written a very Interesting account of his
experiences in "Ten Months a Captive
Among Filipinos." The main : value of
The book lies in the fact that It is an
American account of a people and country
seen under the stress and" unfavorable
conditions of war and gives an excellent
idea of the character of the Filipinos. ¦
Mr. Sonnichsen reached Manila Bay on
July 23. in plenty of time for the capture
of Manila, on August 13. when the Fili
pinos and the Americans worked side by
side to defeat the Spanish. He became a
member of the Utah Battery and the
American forces entered the fallen city,
while the Filipinos were forced farther
and farther back from the suburbs.
Aguinaldo had taken C000 Spanish prison
ers in conquering the territory outside of
Manila and Oavlte and felt that he and
his force should be placed on an equality
with the Americans, therefore when the
Filipinos were held back from the city
the feeling changed from friendliness to
suspicion.
Mr. Sonnichseri- Is a San Francisco boy
and his immediate companion through all
thJs trouble was Harry Huber, the son of
C. O. Huber, the well-known advertising
agent of Oakland. It will be remembered
"by cur readers that on April 22 last year
the first account of the thrilling and ro
mentic experience cf these lads was pub
lished in The Sunday Call Magazine Sec
tion. This was from the pen of Han-y
Huber himself and gave a detailed recital
of the terrible experiences through which
the boys passed during their period of
captivity among the Filipinos.
Mr. Sonnich^en, not being limited as to
Fpace. has treated the subject much more
fully than could be done In the pages of a
daily paper.
Sonnichsen and Huber were old ac
quaintances and naturally spent their
<-arly days In Manila together. They took
an active Interest in affairs, and being of
adventurous spirit, were Trilling to take
rifks in satisfying their curiosity.
On' Friday morning. January 27, 1S9!),
they decided to take a little trip to
Malolos. the capital of the Filipino repub
lic — this little excursion resulted in a pro
tracted tour of ten months. They took
•w'.th them a camera and endeavored to
pass themselves off as English newspaper
men. with the result that they were ar
rested as American spies and dragged
around from town to town and from
prison to prison over the greater part of
the island of Luzon. Finally their little
party was joined by Lieutenant Gillmore
and his men— also prisoners. They were
all finally rescued by the gallant men of
the Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth Infan
try, under the personal command of
Colonel Hare and Lieutenant Colonel
Howze. Bcnnichsen had managed to
escape arid so got word to the Americans
of the critical position of the rest of his
party.
INTRODUCTORY LESSONS IX EN
GLISH LITERATURE— By I. C. McNellL
American Book Company, New York. JL
NEW CENTURY PRIMARY OF HY
GIENE—By Mrs. Jeannette Winter Hall.
American Book" Company, New York. 3D
cents.
INTERMEDIATE PHYSIOLOGY AND
HYGIENE— By Wlnfleld S. Hall and
Jeannette Winter HalL American Book
Company, New York. 40 cents.
SELECT RECITATIONS. ORATIONS
AND DRAMATIC SCENES WITH AC
TIONS AND EMPHASIS- By C. J. Blr
beck. Joseph F. Wagner, New York JL
THE NEW DON QUIXOTE- By Alary
Pacheco. The Abbey Press. New York. $1
TEN MONTHS A CAPTIVE AMONG
FILIPINOS — By - Albert Sonnichsen.
Charles Scrlbner's Sous. New York Jl 50
DAUNAY'S TOWER-By Adeline Ser
geant. F. M. Buckles & Co.. New York.
Jl 25. HBMH
CHOIRS AND CHORAL MUSIC-By
Arthur Mees. Charles Scrlbner's Soru.
New York. Jl 25.
THE DISCIPLE— By Paul Bourget.
Charles Scribner's Sons, New York Jl 50
OUT FOR BUSINESS-By Horatio Al
ger Jr. The Mcrshon Company Ne*v
Ybrk. J12S.
THE ROVER BOYS OUT WEST— By
Arthur M. Winfleld. The Msrshon Com
pany. New York. 11 25. •
A SPANISH -. GRAMMAR— By Samuel
Garner. Ph. D. American Book Company
New York. « 25. .
MANUAL OF THE CONSTITUTION
OF THE UNITED STATES-By Israel
Ward Andrews. D. D.. LL. D. American
Book Company. New York, ft
THE HERITAGE OF UNREST-By
Gwendolen Overton. The MacMillan Com
pany^ New York. $1 50.
THE TEMPER, CURE— By Stanley Ed
wards Johnson. The Abbey Press, New
York. 50 cents. • •
TO NAZARETH OR TARSUS— By the
Author of "Not on Calvary," "The First
Millennial Faith," etc. J. S. Ogilvle Pub
lishing: Company, New York. JJ
Books Received.
Thus the time calls for a systematic pro.
test against the return to Orientalism
which has marked the last fifty years of
European and American thought, and the
present essays are an attempt at a philo
sophic rehabilitation of rational individ
ualism. They expound a view of ultimate
reality which might properly be called
harmonic pluralism. Their central thesis
might be stated to bo the eternal reality
of the Individual as person. This is
worked out in the three chief fields of hu
man concern — science, art, religion. In
the latter domain It leads to personal
theism, strictly, as against every form of
pantheism however subtle and toward the
complete christianizing of theology by
making this better express the teaching
and the spirit of Christ himself.
These essays present, in a literary and
untechnicai form, the main features of a
new system of philosophy, which is, how
ever, an organic outgrowth of the chief
historic systems ot . idealism, especially
those of Aristotle, Leibnitz and Kant.
The purpose Is to curry the pluralistic or
individualistic insights of these master
thinkers toward~a consistent completion.
The essays aim to refute and supplant
the monism which in various forms, ma
terialistic, idealistic or agnostic, has come
so extensively to dominate the thinking
of the century now passing away. These
monistic systems are all hostile to the
ethical principle that has been the root
and life of western civilization, which is
based on a belief in the Individual respon
sibility arising from each .person's beins
the real cause of his own conduct.
A work of considerable philosophical In
terest will be Professor G. H. Howlson'3
"The Limits of Evolution." and other es
says in philosophy illustrating the met
aphysical theory of personal Idealism.
Professor Howison i3 Mills professor of
philosophy In the University of California
and- the essays ¦ alluded to in the- title of
his book are: The limits of evolution;
modern science and pantheism; later Ger
man philosophy (exhibiting the trend to
personal idealism through the self-disso
lution of pessimism, materialism and ag
nosticism); the art-principle as repre
sented In poetry: the right relation be
tween reason and religion; human immor
tality; its positive argument; the har
mony of determinisTn and freedom (in
cluding a new establishment of freedom
and a new proof of the existence of God).
Perhaps ther<» Is not another citizen ot
the republic whose autobiography would
exceed the direct human Interest of Book
er T. Washington's life story in "Up From
Slavery," which will be published by
Messrs. Doubleday. Page & Co. within a
few da vs. This is the work of a large
minded, forceful man who, by sheer
weight of character and energy, mads
himself the leader of a race. Twenty-flvo
years ago he, as a negro boy. slept under
a sidewalk in Richmond; now he Is known
as the founder and "head of one of the
greatest educational institutions of the
South, which has property and an endow
ment of nearly a half million dollars. And
not only that, he probably has done more
than any one man toward solvins the
"negro problem," and has given the great
est human document on the subject pub
lished since the war touching the civiliza
tion of the whites In the South as inti
mately as the problem of the negro. It is
interesting to recall that an honorary de
gree was conferred upon Mr. Washington
a few years ago by Harvard University,
this being the first one conferred by any
New England university upon one of his
race. Mr. Washington days his whole Ufa
has been one of surprises, and doubtless
none has been greater than the warm re
ception given his autobiography when It
began iU serial publication in The Out
look. He has stood as much as any man
for the good old Anglo-Saxon gospel of
work, and this new flood of praise from
his greatest fellow citizens does not turn
him from It. The serial publication haa.
it is said, brought about a large demand
for the .book before publication. This Is
the sort of a story— full of romance and
practical wisdom— that will make one of
the widely read books of the year.
hut thank the author and his publisher*
for thus giving the world an opportunity
to revise Its first, unjust verdict.
The late Maurice Thompson's "Alice ol
O!d Vincennes" led to considerable enter
prise of a somewhat different kind. Oil
stories of his— pot-boilers— practically for
gotten after their short struggle for ex
istence. many years ago. were resurrect
ed, cunningly dressed up and adroitly ad
vertised, on the strength of the popularity
of his last novel. The field of American
literature 1» vast enough to make imme
diate recognition of old books of this kind
sometimes Impossible. It was thus in Mr.
Thompson's case with more than one ex
perienced hand. Suffice it to say that
"Alice of Old Vlncenne3" is the only new
novel by Maurice Thompson now on the
market.— New York Mall and Express.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
fore deserves no praise. Mr. Zangwill has
a good title In "The Mantle of Elijah":
Mrs. Dudeney's "The Maternity of Har
riott Wicken" and Mrs. Voynlch's "The
Gadfly" have something In them to at
tract attention; Eden Phillpotts* titles are
not particularly felicitous; Anthony
Hope's are adequate, but no more/and
Stanley J. Weyman evidently g|ves but
scant attention to the names of his mas
terly historical novels. They, -with the
possible exception of "Under the Scarlet
Rote" give no intimation of the nature of
the stories that bear them.
Mrs. Humphry Ward's titles are built
after the old. unassuming method of Scott
and Dickens and Thackeray; and several
of our recent 'successes carry on the tra
dition: "David Harum,"- "Richard Car
vel," "Janice Meredith." "Eben Holden."
To . offset these we have. . however, "To
Have and to Hold," "Prisoners of Hope,"
"When Knighthood Was in Flower" and
"The Redemption of David' Corson," of
which" the last is the best, so far as the
information given by it is concerned,
while t Miss Johnson's are the most ; at
tractive.
.^Conclusions are hard to draw in the case
of book titles. A good title undoubtedly
is an aid to a new novel in Its early days;
but no bad title has ever yet stood in. the
way. of the success of a really good book, i
nor. has a good title ever brought popu
larity to. a poor one. The best title ob
tainable will, of course."^ always be used,
but the story. will remain the thing, and',
if "of true merit, will make even a poor
title acceptable. "Quentin Durward"
"never was euphonious, nor was "Martin
Chuzzlewlt." "The History : of David
: Grieve" and' "Helbeck of Bannlsdale" are
but little better; and. by the way. is ."Da
vid Harum' 1 particularly^ pleasing to the
ear? A eood- title is a* treasure to be
sought for. but it is not all-important to
• the ;¦ fortunes' of a book.— Mail and 'Ex*
press.
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
4huge hopper. Into which upward, of 20.000
.pounds of ore are emptied each twenty
four hours.* The8,e furnaces are kept at
a perpetual white heat, and as the ore be
comes roasted the quicksilver passes, to
gether with the smoke, in a thin trans
parent vapor .into the » adjoining con
densers. -'These latter are kept at a me
dium . low,' temperature by the constant
forcing of cold . water through numerous
intersecting pipes. -.' .;. .
¦ As the mercurial vapor. comes In contact,
with x thie cooling element it resumes it
former ' consistency and falls to the bot
tom,of the condensers, whence it is car
ried, off; in Its refined molten state to the ;
weighing department. \ The great subtil
ty with ; which -.the ¦ mineral-laden vapor
pentrates the ; most- minute apertures Is
remarkable. .It forces itself, through im
perceptible cracks and pores of .the reduc
ing,, plants and^becomes _so 2 densely • lm- '"
bedded in the. brick and wood work of the
various structures that, the latter, have to
be destroyed -at Intervals in order to se-
condensers. The process of extracting, the
quickllver ,is at once simple and. unique.
The top of each : furnace'. is fitted, with a
MHfBJ|^^^^^Sfe^§lS^^feI'^^l5g^lJt@SSS
'The reduction^ plant; at -New; Almaden. Is
without -exception the. largest and most
modern In the ,world. ;. ; The ; works corisls t
mainly. of six" immense furnaces, each pro
vided " with "a" series ¦ of • from . four to" six
A number ; : of these i, tunnels : have been
run f rom ; the levels of. the mine,"
straight out to the elope of the mountain,
to facilitate the removal of .the ore,; -which
is 1 accomplished'; through ...the ' medium of
tram .'cars.' : '- At .the mouth of each tunnel
is ¦ a ". large open . shed, called a ; planl 11a,
where the ore .Is . screened and assorted.
From* these points tramways; extend" for
a distance of three miles down the": moun
tain to the brinjt of a steep incline, down
which the ore is carried by mean's'of'grav
ity-'cars to the great distilling works be
low. v^< '." ' '; k. v ._'. • '¦../•; .-'- ¦ :¦-. '¦¦-
open portal, • and .presently : we emerged
fromthe side of the mountain 700 feet be
low;where we. had previously, entered. ".
could possibly he crowded Into the space
of two short: hours.
The most interesting feature of this
long" deserted level was a wide chamber
•near "the . foot- of an old • Unused shaft,
called the "chapel." At onte end of this
awesome apartment -were the remnants
of a shrine before which, in the old days,
the. natlvemlners each" morning upon'de
scending to , their work . were wont : to per
forrrf*thcir, devotions. Nor is this [the only
reminder "of the time when Spanish usages
prevailed, j For. to this day ; every shaft;
drift .and chamber throughout the entire
mine Is designated by ) a : Spanish name,
: while at"; least j two-thirds ; of ., the ' present
foice of miners are of the same origin.
Our tour of the lower galleries com
pleted, ray ; guide conducted me, : this i time
by , way of the elevator, back to. the level
whence we had . last descended. , Here i we
entered a' long, straight "tunnel; > at the
; further' end of-whlch a shining white disk
appeared.' As we proceeded this
gleaming "patch resolved- Itself into an.
QIRLS who Send out wedding Invi
tations to SCO friends, and who
• have a "small fortune expended on
- the florist, the enirraver. the cater
er, the bridesmaids and the. ushers, to
ray nothing of the payment to tha fash
ionable officiating. clergyman, these gins
have one kind of a wedding.
The .girl who .slips, off after the day has
done, meets her Intended and rides on a
street- car as near to the Little Church
Around -the Corner as the car will take
her. Joins, hands with, her partner In the
study of the assistant rector, and with
never a present or a congratulation, this
girl has another kind of, wedding.
But -the girl who lives In Trlvandrum,
under, the dictatorship of the Maharajah
of .. Travancore. ¦ has yet a different and
-distinct .experience., . Sir Rama. Varma
was a notability. Not only was he en
titled to t .e suffix of the letters !'O. C
S.,I.V* but he was also known far and
¦ wide., as the 1 Maharajah. He has passed
on to the Nirvana of all good Brahmlna.
'but 'his -tribe Increases. The four grand
daughters of Sir Rama have been envied ¦
cf the rest of Travancore. Before they
" were married, the service* of the most
expert astrologers in the land were called
In to forcast the day most auspicious
for the ceremonies. The date being agreed
upon, the grandmother of the girls set
about the selection of four eligible*.
When such a . quartet has . been picked
from the local swells, the astrologers
were, again called upon, this time to ap
prove or disapprove the choice. Thera
.was a great consulting of horoscopes—
and the wise men gave their consent.
Finally, the State erected a gorgeous
pavilion, and In this the four couples were
married, the actual ceremony consisting In
tha tying of a necklace around the neck
of. the, bride by the groom. In the pres
ence of the, Brahmin priest and relatives;
"after, which there was a four days' cele
bration and procession of the newly
mated— a procession - aided as to spectac
ular effect by the presence of an elephant
guard and white clad Nair girla. The ages
of the brides of this occasion ranged from
"« to 10 years. *.';'v
Queer Wedding
Customs.
• ¦ • - -¦--¦>.;.;-.:'.• ,;¦¦".¦¦.; '¦¦;:. • ¦.
Having inspected the principal sources
of the mineral charged rock ¦ my guide
proposed a visit to the lower levels, long,
since worked out and abandoned." To
reach this* portion of the mine my com
panion led the way to a narrow aperture
whence a yet steeper declivity reached
away Into the depths of the mountain.
This he explained to me was a "winze."
or in other words a rapid transit, timo
saving connection penetrating the 100-foot
division between .two levels, the use of
which obviated the necessity of retra/cing
the mile or more of stopes and tunnels to,
the nearest elevator shaft. For my own
part, however, as I gazed into the black
ness of that, all but perpendicular corrU
dor I' Inwardly owned my thorough will
ingness to undergo the fatigue'- and other
inconvenience of the more circuitous'
route. But my cheerfui convoy evidently
f oi got to inquire as to . any possible
pretcrence I might entertain. Laying hold
on the bight of a slick, greasy looking
rope made fact at the entrance to the
cavern; he bade me do likewise, and a mo
nleni later vanished into the darkness
ahead. A& there seemed no other respect
able way out of it 1 took a firm grip on
the line, and . ft was perhaps
well that my conductor shouted back. the
injunction to "keep my' head and my hold,
wnether I kept my feet or not," for it
seemed to me 1 had but little, use for the
latter during the progress of that brief
but eventful passage.' However, I pres
ently brought up at the nethermost ex
tnihity of this veritable short ; cut, and
what I beheld by.the tttful flame of my
companion's reignlted torch more than
compensated for the sundry bruises and
abrasions I had sustained en transit. ' We
were on the threshold of a mighty cham
ber, the vaguely distinguishable roof and
environing walls of which seemed gar
nished^with silvery ! stars, .where the flick
ering light was reflected; from the glisten
ing points of Innumerable stalactites with
which the Interior was hung. We reveled"
but briefly In this truly enchanting scene,
however,, for my companion : was ; plainly
bent. on showing me just as many/of those
eighty-six miles "of devious burrowings as
..'... ... ¦ ' ¦• '
!ne chambers known as stopes or labors.
The men employed throughout the mine
are exposed to constant, risks "of saliva
tion from continually handling the mer
curial ore. 'The' native- mineral Is volatile
at any temperature above. 40 degrees and
Its absorption into the system produces
rheumatic .pains, causes the teeth to, be
come loose and leaves the constitution' in
a most deplorable plight generally. To
obviate this as much , as possible, when
the ore is exceedingly rich /the men are
worked In short shifts, relieving each
other every few hours. '
The main ore body Is from fifteen to
thirty feet wide and usually runs in -an
oblique, direction . from, the apex of the
mountain, which results In the vast slant-
• • . •
Durir-g p. recent visit to this mine, the
writer, accompanied by one. of the super
intendent?, made an extended tour of Its
labyrinthine depths. The descent was ac
complished by means of th^double-decked
electric cage, which at the first dizzying
drop through the black, grewsome shaft
precipitated us to the 700-foot level. Upon
quitting the car at this point we found
ourselves in a spacious subterranean ante
chamber, at Intervals In the walls of
which appeared the low timbered portals
of the various tunnels radiating to divers
parts of the mine. Entering one of these
we . followed its tortuous course for the
distance -of --a -mile,- when we suddenly
came out upon an Immense rock-roofed
fissure extending at a sharp angle across
our way. Turning into this strange ap
perturc, we took the upward course and
after a short, brisk climb came upon a
large crew of miners at work with picks
and drills getting out the ore. A casual
examination of a specimen of . this pay;
rock, which my companion pronounced
the average run, revealed the presence of
cinnabar in layers and veins of vivid re1.
Occasionally, where the ore Is unusually
rich. It presents a rich, vermilion color
throughout and in weight Is heavier than
lead.
In 1SC4. however, the New Almaden was
scld for 11.700.000 to a company of Ameri
cans, who proceeded to develop the prop
erty under a more modern system and
with such success that in a short time
the mine became celebrated as the great
est quicksilver producer In existence. The
amount of work performed on the prop
erty since is nothing short of amazing.
From the highest point in the ledge, which
lies at an altitude of 1723 feet, four shafts
have been sunk, one of which reaches a
depth cf 2450 feet, the bottom being 750
feet below the sea level. Leading off from
these shafts Is an. Intricate maze, of
drifts, stopfs and tunnels penetrating to
the many sections of the mine where- tho
c!nna!:rr has been located. The distance
represented by these" underground .pas
sages aggregates a total of , eighty-six
mile?, nearly every foot or which has been
hewn through the solid rock.
vein were run from the summit "into the
depths of the mountain. In traversing
these steep subterranean Inclines the na
tive miners used for ladders long timbers
with notches hewn atNintervais for foot
holds. Likewise.' instead of ore cars heavy
rawhide panniers, known as ceroons and
borne on the backs of the miners, were
employed In transporting the quartz to
the upper world.
Recognizing ihe Immense value of the
deposit the Mexican at once filed a claim
on the ledge. <in<3 subsequently formed a
company which undertook the develop
ment of th» property. It was then that
the mine received Us name, being chris
tened after the renowned Almaden lode
cf Spain. And yet twenty years more of
comparative lethargy were "destined to
flayse before the wonderful resources of
the mine should be revealed to the world.
During this period identically the same
methods were employed In delving for the
metal as had obtained for centuries in
connection with the original Almaden. In
stead of the modern system of shaft-
Elnking and tunneling, deep horizontal
Elopes following the trend of the quartz
TWENTT-FIVE thousand tons of re£
fined quicksilver is the record of the
celebrated New Almaden lode, situ
ated in tl'e heart of the California
Sierras. And 50,000.000 pounds is a
prodigious output for a single quicksilver
inline, especially when It is considered
that the average deposit of the metal in
qucEtion works out long before one-fiftieth
part of such a yield is realized.
It was clcse bordering on a century ago
that the presence of quicksilver in the
Santa Cruz mountains was revealed to the
early time CaUfornians. The discovery
came ebout under most peculfar fircum-
Etarices. For many years the Indians of
the section referred to had been accus
tomed to color their faces with a most
\ - ivid vermilion, the proj>ertiej« and true
value cf which were never once *u?pectrd.
Finally, however, a tpeoimen of the rock
¦which supplied the p!gm*~nt was shown hy
ore of the Indians to Don Antonio Eunol.
who upon examining It detected a myriad
of minute scintillating globules imbedded
therein. Mistaking these shining particles
for silver the old don Io?t no time In seek
ing out the locality whence the original
Fpecimen had been prccured. Finding an
Immense vein of the ore at the summit of
a mountain peak, he industriously set
ebout after the most approved method,
with mortar and pestle, to pulverize the
fame ln<~'<j«»ntal to extracting the coveted
Espial therefrom Much to his bewilder
lent. however, the substance de\-eloped
F'.ngularly elusive tendency, effectually
resisting every attempt at concentration.^
with the result that after the expenditure
of a year's time and several hundred dol
lars in various experiments the project
¦was abandonee! as a hopeles delus on.
This somewhat ludferous venture trans
pired In the year 1S24. ar.d It was rjot until
twenty years later that Andres Castillcro.
a Mexican officer sojourning in the vlcin-
Jty. examined ;he ore and pronounced it
cLnnatar. •
While the. use of quicksilver enters
largely Into/ various phases of medicine,
arts and science the world over, by far
the greater bulk of the product H ex
ported to China. There, oddly enough. It
Is extensively resolved Into Its chief
original element— the exquisite ¦vermilion,
for which, the Celestials have so lone been
famous, and which first led to Its discov
ery In America. ;
medium-grade ore -In, sight, however, to
keep the great reduction works employed
for many years to come.
The present output of the New Almaden
mines aggregates about 1S3 tons per year,
¦which is only about one-tenth of Its
former yield. . There is still sufficient
cure the escaped metal. When several
years ago the old intermittent furnace*
were removed, the ground beneath them
to a depth of thlrty-flve feet was worked
over and 153.000 pound* cf the stray metal
lecevered. Few workmen continue Ions
at the reducing works before exhibiting
the disastrous efTects of absorbing tha
mercurial fumes Into their system. . Con
sidering these risks, the pay Is inordinate
ly small, the men rarely receiving over
SI 50 per day for their work. After refine
ment .the quicksilver is carefully weighed
into metal flasks, each holding- seventy-six
and a half pounds, and In this shape Is
shipped to the general storage vaults In
San Francisco. ¦
f THE ilSVNUAY, CALL.
5
UNIQUE INDUSTIES
OF CALIFORNIA
TONS OF
NATIVE
QUICKSILVERri: ¦-¦'.
nished without cost, but by a convenient
provision of nature are freely transported
to the place of "use, which is wherever the
reflector may happen to be erected.
The usefulness of sun power will be by
no means limited to irrigation, nor should
It be inferred by the size of the present
engine that ten horsepower bounds Its
possibilities. The new motor will be used
for various Industrial purposes, and prob
ably quite largely in connection with min
ing. Plants of 100 horsepower, with sev-
tnan for a foitune. There are certain
heroic exceptions to the rule, but the fact
remains that :he conquest of the desert
must be made easily If made at all. Here
lies the chief significance of the new pow
er, since its operations are necessarily
limited, for the present at least, to the
sunshine regions of the earth.
Half of our own continent, most of Aus
tralia and New Zealand, most of Africa
and South America, a vast portion of
Asia, Including India, belong distinctly to
Wnlle the present successful motor ( has
been- developed In the fullest light of ex
isting scientific knowledge, the solution of
the : problem is a triumph '¦ of ; American
genius,; which -has built a' successful de
vice on the ashes of past failures.
The most obvious advantage of the solar
motor is the saving of - fuel. It will be
used over wide districts where the cost of
fuel" is prohibitive, and will ' even .super
sede allccher power In the uses for which
it. is adapted in localities where ' fuel Is
most abundant, \ since It ' is plain that no
fuel Is cheaper than any fuel. The saving
ls : ; effected not merely In the purchase
price of coal or v/ood, oil or. gasoline, but
also in, the Item of. handling these mate
rials." -The solar rays are r.ot only fur-
eral reflectors grouped about a central en
gine, are already feasible, and It Is quite
within reason to expect that with the im
provements which will naturally be added
as time goes on the present maximum will
be much increated.
It is In its relation* to irrigation, how
ever, that the successful utilization of sun
power will excite the widest public inter
est. Mining Is an industry which flour
ishes in spite of all obstacles. There is no
country so far nor climate so " severe
there Is no peril and no expense which
can discourage mining, because the possi
ble reward is so great and the ¦ hope of
sudden wealth - bo alluring. It may bo
sad and deplorable, but it is none the less
true,' that a man will risk less for a homo
the sunshine regions. Here solar power
Is bound to be extensively employed In
lifting water from under the ground and
from the deeply eroded channels of In
numerable rivers.
Exact Information concerning the under
ground water supplies is somewhat mea
ger, sln<ti both public and private enter
prise were naturally first directed to the
diversion of streams and the employment
of the smalle * class of reservoirs. But
during the past five years pumping has
become the most aggressive feature of the
irrigation industry In the West and tho
area of its operations has been rapidly
widening. A large portion of the precipl-
(Contlnued on Page Seven.)
noted that no lenses are used, but that the
heat is reflected from plain mirrors and
so centered upon th<=i boiler.
The reflector measures 33 feet across Its
diameter at the top and 15 feet at. the
bottom. It contains exactly 1788 mirrors
3%x24 inches in size. The reflector is set
in meridian like a telescope, the axis being
due north and south and the movement
from east to west. The boiler is tubular,
13 feet 6 Inches long, with a capacity for
100 gallons of water, and 8 cubic feet ad
ditional steam space. It is made of fire
box steel, covered with lamp-black and
other . absorptive material. * Before this
boiler is thrown Into focus its black cyl
inder is but an inconspicuous feature of
tlie novel mechanism which | stands f aco
to face with the sun. But when, with a
few turns of the crank, it swings into' the
concentrated rays reflected from hun
dreds of mirrors, it uuddenly assumes the
appearance of shining silver, or perhaps
of a great, gleaming icicle, and becomes
the irresistible cynosure of all'eyes. . Here
at last is the sun harnessed. A long pole
is reached " to 'the glittering boiler, and
soon begins to smoke and then takes lire
and bursts into flame. Evidently It is hot
up there, and this simple test carries con
viction on that point to the most unsci
entific mind. In about one hour the In
tense heat has "raised the cold water to a
hjgh temperature, evaporated It into
steam, and a pressure of 130 pounds is
shown on the gauge in the engine room.
For, be it understood, the solar motor is
not a sun engine- in the sense that It is
operated without the Intervention of
steam power, as the water wheel is turned
by the ' falling stream. The sun strikes
the mirrors; the mirrors reflect the heat
upon the boiler; the heat turns the water
within - the boiler into steam; the steam
passes from the head of the boiler
through a flexible metallic pipe into the
engine cylinders, and from that point the
process Is the , familiar operation of the
compound ¦ engine, and. the centrifugal
pump. There 'Is nothing occult, nothing
new. Every boy has felt the concentrated
In the arid region as a whole is 70 per cent
and this figure would correctly represent
the proportion of the year in which sun
power could be relied upon. Making due
allowance for the hours of idleness after
sunset, 1400 gallons per minute, which
equal 155 miners" inches, would irrigate
about 200 acres of alfalfa, about 300 acres
of oranges, or about 500 acres of decidu
ous trees. Although there are large dis
tricts where water may be had at a depth
of twelve feet, that is by no means an
average lift, so that the actual capacity
of the solar motor cannot fairly be set
so hiirh. Its capacity will vary with the
lift, with the character of crops, and with
differences of soil.
The important consideration is that the
new power effects a complete saving : of
the item of fuel, since it gathers all the
heat for its boiler directly from the sun.
Water-pcwcr might be Just as cheap if
It were as widely diffused as the ¦ sun
power, which unfortunately, it Ik not.
Water-power is being more and more used
to generate electricity for pumping, but
this can only be supplied by companies
which have made a large investment and
who then charge the irrigator an annual
rent of $i»0 per horsepower. In addition
to this, the Irrigator must supply his. own
pumping plant, eo that his expenditure
for electricity is practically a total loss
as compared with sunpower. The natural
comparison of the solar motor is with the
windmill, since both are automatic, being
operated by the. elements.
•'How does it run and how does It look?"
will naturally be asked. It looks not un
like a huge umbrella, although this illus
tration should not be construed to mean
that the solar motor is a frail structure.
On the contrary, it is large and substan
tial, weighing 8200 pounds. But In shape
it much resembles an umbrella open a*nd
inverted, and Is so disposed as to catch
the sun't rays on the mirrors which line
its inside surface and to reflect both light
and heat with concentrated energy on a
long, slim boiler, which is where the um
brella stick ought to be. It should be
\ "¦• . ' ¦ '-•¦"..-.'
•» ITCH your wagen to a star, ' was
I \ the lofty counsel of the Concord
I J Sage to aspirins youth. And lo!
A J after more than a generation,
** practical fanners are accepting his
advice more literally than any one could
bave Imagined. They are hitching their
engines ¦ to the sun.
The ostriches at the farm near Los An
geles surrendered one of their paddocks
to a mechanical engineer and a business
man from Boston a few weeks ago and
the newcomers proceeded to set up a
etrange device which casual onlookers
have variously considered a windmill, a
searchlight, a merry-go-round and a look
ing-glass of gigantic size and fantastic
design, but which proves to be a new in
vention of extraordinary interest and
wide sractical usefulness. It is the solar
motor, and it solves the question of ap
plying the sun's rays directly to the pro
duction cf steam power.
There were a good many attempts dur
ing the past thirty years, and. indeed,
more than a century ago, to make a com
mercial proposition of sun-power. Some
of the more recent of these efforts have
been announced In a highly sensational
way as likely to furnish power for mov
ing trains and steamships and even fcr
leveling down great mountains. No 6uch
absurdities have been associated with the
solar motor whSch is now attracting the
attention of scientific men smd popular
crowds at South Pasadena.
Indeed, nothing has been claimed for it.
The device speaks for itself in the modest
but Impressive language of actual dally
performance.
It drives a ten-horsepower engine from
an hour and a half after sunrise to with
in half an hour of sunset. Its perform
ance has gradually increased with each
day'e trial and the perfecting of details
and there is no reason to suppose that its
maximum ha* been reached, nor that It
wwl be with the present modeL At this
writing its best record is the raising of
1400 gallons per minute at a lift of twelve
feet. The average percentage of sunshine
heat of the sun gathered In the burning
glass held by a mischievous neighbor, or
had his eyes momentarily blinded by tho
reflected light cast from a hand mirror.
These principles are old and known to us
all. In the solar motor they are applied
on a* larger scale and made to perform
useful work in connection with the steam
engine and the pump.
Now that the thing is accomplished, it
doea not seem at all extraordinary that
we have found a way to apply a little of
the sun's enormous heat to actual eco-'
nomic uses. It marks but one more step
in the assertion of rr.an's control over the
forces of nature. Lung ago we harnessed
the winds and the waters, making them
bear our burdens and perform our tasks.
More recently, and far more wonderfully,
it seems to me, we made the subtle cur
rents of electricity the docile servants of
our will. Science long since demonstrated
that the solar heat falling normally upon
four square feet of surface during on*
minute is equivalent to one horsepower.
Professor Langley of the Smithsonian In
stitution recalls the fact, in his interest
ing wcrkon VThe New Astronomy," that
in the eighteenth century Bernleres, a
Frenchman, and an English \ optician
named Parker each constructed burning
glasses of great size and power, under the
influence of which "iron, gold and other
metals" ran like melted butter." One of
those glasses was presented to the Em
peror of China, who was so much alarmed
at its performances that he had it buried
in the ground, whero it could work no sin
ister mlraclej ' ,-
The later \ efforts of Mouchot and of
Ericsson are well known. The s former ex
hibited a sun engine which operated a
printing press at the Paris Exposition of
1S7 , 0> ' whI1 e the ' architect of , the , famous
Monitor brought his device so near perfec
tion that scientific men began to build
serious hopes' upon it in 1S84. But none of
these \ inventions Vwere able toVstand the
test of application to actual commercial
uses." They concentrated the rays of the
sun. They made steam. They even drove
engines. But when brought to the crucial
test of practical, "every-day "uses— cheap
manufacture, > conoraical and continuous
operation— they /ailed. And'so it has been
with" many other less celebrated efforts.
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
6
The Sun is Harnessed
at lastShe— Can you tell me a good name for
the new lady's magazine I intend to bring
out?
He— Oh, call it The Last Word, for ev
ery woman thinks she must have it.
Now, thousands of windmills have been
set lip on the plains, largely for Irriga
tion purposes during the past ten years,
but their efficiency Is practically*; limited
to the watering of ten-acre plots in the
narrow strips - along the rivers where
¦The utility of sun power will be strik
ingly Illustrated on the Great Plains.
Here the Government has made exten
sive investigations of the underground
supplies. It was found that water could
be had In narrow strips along the rivers
—notably along the Platte and Arkansas,
at an average depth of ten feet. Outside
of this belt Is another ; and - wider ' one,
where water is found at a depth of' ten
to fifty feet Still further out is anoth
er district, enormously greater than
those already mentioned, where water
may be had at a depth of 50 to 100 feet.
These three divisions cover ' the larger
proportion of the areas which will be ir
rigated, but there are smai.er districts
within this area where the underground
reservoirs He at various depths from 100
to 350 feet. -
(Continued from Page Six.)
tation is "run off," which is carried into
the streams. A portion is lost in evapora
tion, some is absorbed by the ground and
remains to mo'sten vegetation, but a con
siderable part finds its way through
porous soil, and the seams in the' earth
far below the reach of all growing things
to subterranean reservoirs. A portion of
these underground waters burst forth in
springs or artesian outpourings, but. we
know that enormous underground rivers
and lakes exist beneath the crust of the
earth and that they are regularly rein
forced by falling rains and melting snows.
Then there are numerous Western
streams that may be said, to flow upside
down—the ground on top and the moving
current underneath. A notable instance
is the Platte. which Bill Nye has de
scribed as "one mile wide and one inch
thick," and to which he ascribed "a wide
circulation but.very little influence."
"Huh!", replied the Eminent Scientist,
"they can't understand the answers,
either."— Baltimore American.
"But, If you cannot understand the
messages how can you answer them?"
asked the Obtuse Person.
"Yes, we are receiving and answering
messages from Mars every day," said the
Eminent Scientist.
"Future ages may see the seat of em
pire transferred : to regions of the earth
now barren and desolated .under intense
solar, heat— countries which' for that very
cause will not improbably become the seat
of; mechanical and thence political power.
.Whoever finds the way to make Indus
trially useful the vast sun power now
wasted on thedeserts of ; North Africa or
the shores O f > the . Red Sea will . effect : a
greater change in men's affairs than any
conqueror in history has done; for he /will
once more people those waste places with
the i life > that Yt> warmed there in v the'^. best
days of Cartha ge and of j old Egypt;; but
under another civilization, where man
Professor S. P. Langley of the Smith
sonian Institution placed the following
prediction ¦ on record as long as fourteen
years ago: .
It' may ' be well to remark upon one
economic result that Is plainly foreshad
owed. This Is the fact that the use of
solar power in the Industrial life of arid
regions must make for the Independence
of individuals and communities. , It is
conceivably possible for some one to make
a monopoly , of . flowing streams and nat
ural water powers. But the sunshine may
no more be "cornered" than the surface*
of the earth Itself. This great source of
power belongs to all alike. Fortunately
the cost of the mechanical plants required
for its utilization is within the reach of
average ¦ people. The cost of large plants
Is not beyond the means of small co
operative companies. -Thus sun power
seems likely to prove an influence of
enormous moment' in shaping the future
civilization.. * '..''.' . : ¦
degree of solar heat, acordlng to the
best scientific information, to produce one
horsepower lf.it can only be utilized. The
solar motor solves the problem of Its util
ization. Its far-reaching influence may
be left to the imagination, of the reader
until future events shall have written the
great story In their own indelible charac
ters upon the ¦face of the earth.
water may be had at ten feet' The com
ing of the new . power, far more potent
than that which is gained by harnessing
the wind. - though .at no more cost of op
eration means the extension of | Irriga
tion to the wider belts of upland, where
water is deeper. This means in turn more
Intense cultivation, smaller farms, denser
population. Therefore the influences
which are sure to follow the Introduction
of solar power upon ' the plains must be
great and far-reaching. This remark ap
plies not merely to Kansas and Nebraska,
but to the two Dakotas and to the im
perial domain of : Texas. • Potentially one
of the most. fertile, yet actually one of the
most barren tracts on the continent. Is
that known as the Staked Plains of West
ern Texas. , It is barren because its two
most valuable resources 'have. not been
utilized. These are the sun which shines
above them and the sheet of water which
lies beneath. V
What is truev of these wide-stretching
plains .is. practically; true of all the arid
regions of the world. Cheap motive power
is .the Indispensable condition of the ex
istence of civilization. And power de
mands either falling water or abundant
fuel. Relatively to the needs of a dense
population, there Is little of either water
power ' ' or.' -„ fuel, ; ' = but upon every
four ' square -feet of the surface
of ;.;:•;¦; thieae, regions there falls a
WHEN the big .American line
steamship St. Paul ran aground
in a dense fog on the Jersey
beach, near the lower end of
Long Branch, before daylight on January
25, 1S96. In the cargo was W.250.000 in gold
consigned to a firm in New York. It was
essential that this should be landed. Ar
rangements were made with the Merrttt-
Chapman Wrecking Company to have the
stranded liner hauled off. She and her
cargo, including the gold, were heavily
Insured. After it was found that it was
going to be very difficult to float the "big
ship the consignees of the gold/who need
ed it In their business, appealed to Cap
tain Clark as Uoyd's New York agent to
have it landed. It remained aboard the
vessel three days; the fact of it being
there rendered the underwriters liable for
a heavier tax In the event of the vessel
being floated.
Naturally the American line did * not
make , any strenuous efforts to have the
bullion discharged, and Just as naturally
Lloyd's were anxious • to get It off as
quickly as possible, for In the event of a
storm arising and causing the destruction
of the ship the gold would have added so
much more to the loss of the underwrit
ers'. Captain Clark chartered a steamer
and offered to lake charge of the gold and
land It- Thereupon the captain obtained
a promise that the gold wquld b« landed
immediately. Thus the underwriters were
relieved of the further risk and expense
of floating the stranded ship. The gold
was transferred to the lighter Haggerty
down a sagging chute-suggestlTo stretch
of canvas in bags, kegs and boxes. Twelve
men armed with revolvers guarded the
treasure as it was transferred from a pier
to a truck and taken to a vault In 'Wall
street.
The award of $106,000 for salvage service
in the case of the St. Paul was the largest
ever obtained In an admiralty court. The
St. 'Paul, was aground ten days. It was
said that she had not a plate bent or a
rivet started.— Alnslee's Magazine.
Biggest Salvage
on Record.
WATCHES often suffer from
changes of temperature. After a
watch has been worn next to a
warm body all day it should not
be left over night on cold marble or near
an open window. The cold is likely to
contract the «nctal pivots, and, however
slightly, tighten up the works. The next
morning, for no apparent reason, one's
watch will be found to be losing time.
It frequently happens that watches are
slightly magnetised by ctatlc electricity
given off by the human body. It has been
found that dark people are more likely to
exert this Influence over their watches.
This influence is, besides, more common
among women than with men. Persons of
this sort can never hope to carry the cor
rect time unles* they carry their watches
In rubber or steel cases.
Never lay your watch down for the
night in a horizontal position. It should
always be huns? vertically, as It Is carried
during the day. If the pivot of the bal
ance wheel be the least worn this change
of position tends to loosen the "cap
Jewel."
Every one has had a watch suddenly
*top for no apparent reason and go on
aRain when slljhtly shaken. This may not
happen once a year, but all watches are
liable to Buch an accident. This Is due
usually to the catching of the delicate
hairspring-. It is caused by some sudden
movement, euch as jumping on. or off a
car. The jolt must come at the exact
fraction of a second when the spring Is in
position to catch, so that the chances of
such an accident are rare. A watch should
be oiled every eighteen months. The o.t
dries up In this time as a rule, and If ti.e
mecbaniem lie run with the oil dry it
quickly wears out
In examining a watch all Jewelers fol
low the same plan. They first look to see
if the bands are caught. If the fault lies
deeper they next take out the balance
Tricks That Our
Watches Play.
THE SUN IS HARNESSED AT LAST
shall no longer worship the sun as a god,
but shall have learned to make it his
servant."
Many jewelers have collected fees for
repairing watches when the watches re
fuse to go merely because they have run
down. Women are " said to be the best
customers of the watch doctor, since they
6eldom wind their watches regularly. A
watch should be wound early, in the day,
and not, as is the common practice, at
bedtime. The reason for this Is that the
spring is tightest during the day while
the watch is being carried, . and Is less
sensitive. (£?$?.
wheel and examine the pin and pivots.
Next they let down tae mainspring and
examine the wheels. It sometimes hap
per.s that a Jeweler will not find the cause
of the trouble for days. The mo'st difficult
disorder to locate is a Slight burr on one
of the wheels.
We live in an age of improvement,
so why should we not make the most
of them?
I do not believe that one woman
in fifty knows the value of borax as
f- toilet article. The water used in
city hoin-ss and at many country
places is hard and incapable of per
forming its duties as a cleansing
agent. Softened with borax it will
not only clean the skin, but whiten
and keep it smooth. It is better and
easier to keep toilet borax in liquid
form, an ounce of powder in a quail
bottle of warm water, and more borax
added when that has been dissolved
until the water refuses to take more,
and there is a sediment at the bottom
of the bottle. Only enough to soften
the water is : used ,and when accus
tomed to it a woman is hardly will
ing to return to the half-way meth
ods which formerly distinguished her
toilet. * "
room, and made a line of it around
the rooms where she had found bugs,
puffing it into cracks and corners
with the little bellows. She sprinkled
behind the furniture, inside bureau
and table drawers, on shelves, and
even on the backs of framed pictures.
There was no abiding place for -bugs
in that house after she had gone her
rounds. She said that she did not
mind the powder a bit, because she
knew that it was both harmless and
'clean.
most of -which are inexpensive. She
will be if she is wise. •
The best household friend, in my
humble opinion, is a liberal supply of
pure borax. I hope you realize the
full significance of that word "pure'';
for few articles of commerce are. more
generally adulterated than this Sam's
innocent-looking white powder. Very
little of the really pure article finds ,
its way into the home because borax
is not a proprietary article and the
demand has . sometimes exceeded the
supply. So it is mixed with various
ingredient's which destroy its virtues
in a measure, generally *soda, which
works havoc, with the skin and deli
cate textures like it.
It is always wise to test borax be
fore "relying upon it. Put a little in
the bowl of a spoon, pour on a little
vinegar, and if it foams the least bit
return it to the dealer of whom it was
purchased, with a request for this
pure article or the money you paid
f cr the stuff. It has a liberal per
centage of soda in its make-up and
will not do the work of pure borax.
In . an unadulterated state borax
softens the water and becomes a won
derful cleansing agent. In the home
ly task of dish-washing there are no
terrors when hot water and borax are
liberally used. Few women seem to
realize that there may be two ways
of washing dishes, one of which must
be superior. Wh?n plates are care-.
(Copyright, 1301, by Walter B. Guild.)
SHAVE a deal of sympathy for th«»
I woman who is tied to a life mad)
up of distasteful household tasks,
Lut much, much more for those who
r.re' forced to live -with her. I have
observed that those who declare their
hatred of housework are invariably
¦without system,, and no home was
ever run successfully, without system
—no business has ever flourished on.
haphazard methods. No enterprisa
of one-tenth part of the importance
of home-making will ever bs success
fully carried through by any but
business methods. .
The unwilling housekeeper makes
everything difficult for herself be
cause she will not bother to test the
merits of new ways. She is too in
different to care for aught but the
time that awaits her at the close of
her work. What is the use of telling
her that there is a right and a ¦wrong
way to accomplish tasksP She does
not care a straw about methods.
There is a class of housekeepers,
however, whom I may be able to as
sist with a few suggestions— tha
¦willing but inexperienced women
who are striving to make an attrac
tive home and having rather hard
work of it, too, considering the many
helpers in the way of labor-saving
. devices. A housekeeeper ought to be
provided with all these assistants,
There is something objectionable in
the very word "sink" when applied
to an important part of the kitchen
furnishing. It suggests odors and
other unpleasant things which can
only be driven away by the sight of
some housekeeper's pride, a kitchen
sink shining with- cleanliness. The
. Dish towels can only be kept sweet
and clean by constant care. They
will be ell you wish them if, after
being used, they are put into a pan of
water with a tableapoonful of borax
and boiled for fifteen minutes. They
come forth white and clean-smelling
without injury^ to the fiber and the
work of washing out the stains.
Qy Mrs. Martha Jajt Weniworth.
fully scraped with a palette knifa
whose pliable blade makes it particu
larly suited to such purposes the task
is rightfully begun. A pan of. hot
water, a tablespoonf ul of borax, puro
castile soap, a dish mop, hot rinsing
water and plenty of clean, dry towels
will make • bright china, silver and
glass and do away with greasy dish
water and red, parboiled hands.' Only
novices and careless women wash
dishes in the old-fashioned way of
plunging thV nand3, wrist deep, into
water which grimes and crackles the
skin, and makes the hands hopelessly
ugly. Expsrience has told nice wo
men that the task of cleaning the
store of tableware may be made dain
ty without more than wetting the
tips of the fingers. •¦ ;
cleansing after each meal is not
suit/dent to bring about- such results;
there must be extra care bestoved
upon it. Many a sore throat or hend
nclie in the family might be traced,
with reason, to the sink, where mi
crobes breed happily and in abun
dance. Borax is an antiseptic and
puts <•. an end to these little family
gatherings when.us?d twice a week
cr so with hot water and soap and a
rinsing ;• with dear borax water
after it. j ' ' ~> - v ¦-'';
The teakettle, coffee and tea pots,
the milk cans or jars, in fact, , all
kitchen utensils are cleaner from con
tact with the simple little household
blessing— borax. I know homes
¦where it is used for everything which
can be introduced to soap and water.
The family linen is renowned for its
whiteness, the homes are pointed out
as models of cleanliness, and 'this is
secured without any show of undue
labor and with very little expense.
I know that there is not a bug of
any description in those homes, .al
though they are located in apart
ments in large buildings which offer
the strongest attractions to water
bugs and cockroaches. There used tc
be plenty of both kinds in ons of the
homes, as I remember it, before the
mistress armed herself with her box
of borax, and tiny bellows. She sprin
kled borax powder about the sink and
pipes, both in the kitchen and bat h-
It is especially the tonic effect of
the cold zveather upon the brain
which gives the northern people the
energy, stamina and vitality zvhich
contrast so plainly with the apathy
of the southerners, and results in
the former developing an advant
age over the latter in all industrial
and commercial pursuits.
The cold climate is essentially the
climate of the white races, for the
latter do not flourish as zvell where
the snozv never lies. The bitinz
kiss of the frost king is indispens
able for their development of body
and mind. They invariably degen
erate when, after being born in a
cold climate, they migrate to a
permanently zvarm one.
produces it, the nurse should, as an
essential part of her task, fre
quently bathe the entire face of the
patient with ice-cold zvatcr while
he is azvake. This procedure, be
sides reducing the fever somewhat,
tones up the jiervous system, di
minishes the apathy, prevents deli
rium from setting in, stimulates
the appetite, heart and respiration,
and tends to prevail complications
in the lungs and brain. The treat
ment of typhoid by cold baths is
founded on the same reasons.
IN FEVER— In fever of any
kind, especially when it is high,
zriiatevcr may be the disease zvhich
The Unwilling Housekeeper
What a great stride in common
sense and wisdom trill have been
accomplished whcii the people can
realize that breathing cold air can
COLD AS A REMEDY.
IN WRYNECK— In wryneck
of reecnt origin a hot application,
prolonged and repeated is very ef
ficacious tozvard giving relief and
promoting cure. Heat in this, case
is best applied in the form of a flan
nel or woolen cloth wrung out of
hot water, renewed as soon as it
has lost its heat, or a hot poultice.
The hot application not only rc
liezes the pain, but also promotes
the cure of the trouble.
the skin is not involved.. Similarly
the pain of. sciatica may be relieved
by wrapping up the entire afflicted
limb with a blanket zvrung out of
hot water.
IN HEADACHE— The head
ache following mental overwork or
due to summer heat, fever, eye
strain, digestive disorders, consti
pation, congestion of the brain, tier 1 
vous exhaustion, etc., is alzvays re
lieved by cold water. This is best
applied by placing the head under
the faucet and allozring the cold
water to run over the face, espe-
IN INSOMNIA— In insomnia
diie to mental overwork or mental
depression 4 caused by anxiety,
anger, worry, grief, fright, etc.,
the application of cold zvatcr to the
entire face, especially the forehead,
is one of the best procedures to
hasten the advent of sleep.
water every morning, wcanng
clothing which permits a slight sen
sation of cold, and going out barc
necked, arc all measures which
tend to decrease and cure the pre
disposition to "colds."
IN ITCHING— A friction with
cold water is as efficacious as any
remedy in relieving any form of.
itching on the skin generally. The
same may be said of the so common
and troublesome itching at the anus,
where, hozvever, the cold application
should be more prolonged.
. IN SPRAIN— During the two
first days after an accident result
ing in a sprained ankle the applica
tion of cold compresses is a remedy
zriiich cannot be excelled by any
other. The patient should sit with
the foot elevated, and a cloth dipped
in ice-water every five minutes, or
an ice-bag, be kept constantly on
the affected part.
IN NOSE BLEED— Pressing
a piece of ice or snozv on the bleed
ing side of the nose for about two
minutes is a very effective means
to check the hemorrhage. If in ad
dition to this we place a piece of ice
at the nape of the neck, any nose*
bleed, except those of the sez'ercst
nature, trill rapidly stop.
daily the forehead; or in summer
by taking a cold sponging or bath.
fling the head and neck and taking
hot baths in summer, are as many
predisposing causes of catarrh.
Muffling the neck does not protect
the throat; it weakens it. It is safe
to say, and experience clearly
shozvs, tlwVzvashing the face, neck
hands, and even the chest with cold
feather-beds, using zvarm zvatcr in
the daily morning ablution, muf-
seasons.
Whenever sleeping - rooms are
heated their temperature should not
be raised higher than 50 degrees F.
We~~shoidd also rcmepiber that
heat increases and cold decreases
the permanent sensibility of the
skin, and that an increased sensi
bility always means an increased
predisposition to taking cold. For
this reason it is plain that living in
overheated rooms, keeping on un
reasonably zvarm clothing in mod
erately cold zi'cathcr, sleeping on
It is unfortunate that our civil
ized peoples should know so, much
about their pleasures and comfort
and so little about the foundations
of their health; that they should be
so partial to heat and so fearful of
cold that they should fail to knozv
or comprehend that the energy of
our body, the activity of our mind,
digestion, nutrition, easy sleep, in
short, all the functions of the body
of day and night, are promoted or
improved by breathing. cold air, and
impaired by breathing warm air.
Cold air is exhilarating and
arouses firry energy of the body;
if to this we add that it is richer
in oxygen than warm air, zvc zvill
'have a full explanation of our in
creased activity during the cold
pic arc nrccr predisposed to taking
cold, and when this happens to them
it is only the result of sheer reckless
exposure.
Thus,, a pain in the stomach, bel
ly, chest and even throat may be
materially relieved, as zccll as the
fains cf joints and muscles where
IN PAIN — Heat is also useful
to relieve an internal pain, but
should never be applied to relieve a
pain in the skin. In severe pains it
trill, hozvever', give only partial re
lief. The hot application should be
made right over the location of the
pain, remembering that the degree
of heat must be as high as can be
borne; simple warmth would pro
duce no effect. For this purpose the
hot water bag is very convenient.
Persons zvho arc susceptible to
frequent attacks of coryza should
suspect a chronic morbid condition
of their noses; and be examined' by
a physician or specialist. Such a
condition, if present, should be
radically treated in order to re
move the susceptibility.
As to local treatment within the
nose in simple coryza, a cleansing
wash consisting of a good pinch of
common salt and as much borax
dissolved in a glass of warm water
will hasten cure. Nothing can dis
integrate the thick and adherent
matter and clear the nose better
than salt water. Some of this so
lution should be poured into the
palm of the hand and snuffed re-
ing headache, pain in the
eyes and closure of the nose, posi
tively the most natural and best
remedy coiiststs in the local apMica
tlon of hot water, as hot as can be
¦ ¦-¦¦'. ..¦
borne. This application should
last at least one minute each lime
and be repeated five or six times in
the course of the day. It is best per
formed zi'ith a tozi'd repeatedly
dipped in a basin of hot zvatcr and
applied all over the forehead, cyc±
and nose. Tliis application gives
prompt relief from the pain and
promotes healing; whoever tries it
will invariably be surprised at the
good results.
/.V CORY Z A— When edryza
or "cold" in the head has dc
vclopcd Jo the point Gf caus-
HEAT AS A REMEDY.
Copy right 1900.
sleeping room is, like the outside
air, invigorating and purer than
hot air; it induces a good, refresh
ing sleep, and one rises in the morn
ing with a stomach calling for food
and a brain and nerves ready for
work. No better evidence of the
beneficial influence of cold air could
be found than in the case of farm
ers, who rarely, if ever, heat their
sleeping-rooms. This class of pco-
At the same time zvc cannot lay
too much stress upon the very fact
that it is chiefly- through breathing
cold air that our nervous system be
comes toned up to the winter stand
ard. A moderately cold air in the
not hurt our respiratory] passages
unless the latter be already dis
eased; that exposure to cold is bene
ficial if one keeps physically active,
and that the danger from cold
arises only from prolonged expos
ure in a statidstill attitude. :'L
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Oh. decidedly! - Her family feuds with
the very best people there!"— Detroit
Journal.
"And she is recorded as one of the aris
tocracy in Kentucky?"
Cows in \ Belgium ; wear earrings. ; This
is in accordance with the law, which de
crees ';. that ? every animal of the bovine
species when ; it ha9 . attained the age of
three months must have. In its ear a ring,
to which is attached a metal tag bearing
number. The object Is j to 'preserve 1 the
exact record of the number] of animals
raised each year.; ;
Belgian Cows
Wear Earrings.
ALL kinds of diseases may be traced
to the eating, of unwashed fruit,"
said a well-known authority on
bacteriology. In commenting upon
the spread of disease through unknown
sources. The result of a careful exam
ination has clearly shown the danger
of eating fruit of any kind with
out washing it. Grapes kept for some
time in a basket on a fruit stand were
so covered with dust that the water in
which they were washed was black. The
man of science, thinking that perhaps the
water contained tubercle bacilli. Injected
into three guinea pigs a small quantity
of it. One animal died in two! days; the
others died in less than six weeks, both
the latter presenting marked signs of tu
berculous' lesions. The ". water and vessel
that contained it had been sterilized be
fore the experiment was made, 'so that
without doubt the disease germs were on
the grapes.
Danger in Eating
Unwashed Fruit.
YOU no doubt have heard of cyclones
blowing feathers oft chickens, or
possibly you may have witnessed the
operation, but whether you have or not. it
Is a fact that cyclones are sometimes
chieken pickers, as well as the pickers of
other things.
Well, an ingenious German/with a de
vastating cyclone for his model, has in
vented a machine that creates cyclones to
order, while you wait, for chicken picking
purposes. His cyclones are inconsiderable
in size, but very intense in their field of
action, which Is large enough to embrace
a Shanghai rooster/
You take the rooster or other fowl to
him. he touches a button and before you
can wink twice every ¦„ feather Is off the
bird. Several cross currents of air from
electric fans, * turning at the rate of 5000
revolutions a minute, do the work.
- ' « ? » — ¦ — ; —
"That waiter is either a dunce or & hu
morist, I'm not sure which.'*.
"What's the matter?"
"I asked , him : for some extract of beef
arid he brought me milk."— Philadelphia
; Press.
Chicken-Picking
Cyclones.
THE SCIENCE OF HEALTH
NATURAL THERAPEUTICS BY HEAT AND COLD.
7by another sailor, apparently his com
rade, who pointed first at the bulbs anj
then at Jack and rai'seif.
He who had thus officiously interfered
was a squat, broad-jawed fellow with a
eatyr's face, and I felt In some instinctive
manner that he was going to make him-
Eelf disagreeable.
In another moment th!s proved to be the
case, for with an oatn the tulip owner had
whipped round on us, and after' a-mo
mentary inspection of the bulbs thrust out
his fist into our faces, and demanded
something or other from us Instantly.
Jack and I glanced at each other won
derlngly, then at our challenging opposite,
who. growing quickly hotter, commenced
to gesticulate vehemently with both hands
under my very nose.
Extending fingers and thumbs, he
seemed to indicate the number ten: then,
closing them, he held up two separate lin
gers; finally, with reiterated passionate
gestures and a rasping oath; he held up
his ten lingers again.
All at once I grasped his meaning.* Out
of his twelve tulip bulbs 'tvv^o, had seem
ingly: disappeared. Immediately I shook
my head Indignantly, held out open palms
to protest Innocence and commenced to
stammer in broken Du:ch to repudiate the
accusation.
1 saw his comrade ..nudge and whisper
cur accused again, with the. result that
our foe. a : moment, after whipped out a
knife and made some remarkably ugly
pusses with.it ver>\near our. faces.
On the instant- Jack, spread out both
nrms (he seemed* to think it was but. a
matter of a'/'maul" in goal), then, thrust
ing me back with sundry other i bystand
ers and .tucking ba"ck his' cuffs; cried loud
ly. "No knives, you, coward; drop it, or
I'll knock you down."
< Excessively at his folly (his
mother. y.-as an Irish woman, and Jack had
been born with a shlllelahjn his mouth),
I clutched his rrm and whispered; "Don't
be a confounded- fool;: the man's accusing
us of stealing his bulbs, and the thing's
serious enough * without your ... making, it
worse."
,. ."Oho!" sald : Jack; standing . hls.'^round,
not a whit abashed, "that's- the game, is
it? but it's not us, my Iriantl,'- iiecontin
j ..'.....'¦.
ued. more, peacefully, "bulbs are.no use
to us. Try again, -try that fellow there,
he's as ugly as sin and nearly as mis
chievous by the look of h'rn." and. with
that he pjolnted to. the .Very . man 'who
had," as I have said/pointed us out to the
owner. . '
Now this supposition had crossed my
own mind also; due to 'the stealthy,
greedy way in which; I noted he had ex
amined the bulbs as they, were passed
round, as also : to his unprepossessing ap
pearance.' ¦ '^
* : A second-afterthis man'tdohad "drawn
his knife, and now. through Jack's pre
cipitation, we had two enemies; to deal
with.
In despair at the turn things were tak
ing r hastily stepped Tfor ward, and .taking
off my hat appealed in what Dutch I could
command "to the general company; by this
time drawn; thickly^ around us in a circle.
"Gentlemen.'- rl stammered; "this '"man'
accuses us, Igather.'of stealing his tulips;
but 'tis a monstrous : fabrication. "What
could ;.two^ English students ;want = with
bulbs?; See here,";! cried, and turned^
tcorynrnt in trie CnlteS States of Amtrtei
by D. T. Pierce.)
TABLE D'HOTE was over early <5
o'clock at the time of this story
was the dinner hour in Holland,
and even now after many years the
Eood Dutch folk have only advanced half
an ..our nearer to civilization In this im
portant matter), and we hid idly spjnt
an hour or two smoking and strolling up
and down the various "grachts" and
"quays" of Amsterdam. Tired at last,
we were turning holelward, when the
eound of distant revelry caught our ear.
Drawn by the prospect of amusement
we wound our way. rcentlng the sound,
Jn and out of a number of narrow pas
rages and across lifeless canal*, and
shortly found ourselves in what was
evidently the seaman's quarter, for in
the lurching gait of the strollers and
"wake" of rankest tobacco the race of
"Tarry-Johns'" was perceptibly betrayed.
A quick-time riotous music, such as
railors love, sounded in all side3 of the
narrow passage; a concertina and a fid
dle here made their appeal; from the
other side a stram organ roared its
hearty invitation. On every hand tempta
tions yawned upon the seafaring man.
•'TapperiJ" and "Slijterlj." with their
painted pots, beckoned for him here,
there "Nriesehe lojrement en koffie huis"
held up a finger, while "Crystal Palaces"
and "Cities of New Tork" waited with
their "varieties" his coming, so soon as
he had rid himself of his two or three
months' drought.
Sirens of a stoutish build, such as
Rubens loved to paint, stood In the door
ways of the cafes ogling the passer* by:
behind them swung green curtains, veil
ing yU suggesting mysterious delight"!
within, and all the time the ceaseless
music ebbed and flowed through chink
and cranny, from wall to wall on either
Fide.
Noting all this and musing on Tarry-
John's immemorial perils, Virgil's lines
came to ray mind— of Circe's island and
the passing sailors:
Inaec^sso* tbl Soils f.lia lucos
Asslduo resonat oantu. tectl«<ju« puperlis
Vrit odoratanj nocturna in lam pa da cedrum.
I was slowly repeating them to myself,
when my arm was firmly pinned into his
own by my companion, to whom scholar
ship was as anathema and "a row" as
the seventh heaven.
'•I say, this Is ripping." he whispered:
"I vote we go into one of these cafes and
fee what IVb like Inside. Come, on,
who's afraid?"
Now It was all very well for Jack— who
played football for the 'varsity and bore
cuch an air of rollicking: assurance tnat
even gendarmes were Impressed by it—
to thrust himself Into Circe's den. but
'twas a totally different affair for a quiet
student who was used to regard life In
the unruffled mirror of books.
My companion, however. Insisted; I hes
itated and was lost.
Passing by the siren of the doorway
with a lift of his hat Jack led the way
through the green baize curtains into the
sanded hall within. Down he sat with a
Jaunty air as of a midshipman s..ore and
called for "schnapps." while I, timidly
razing about me. took stock of our sur
roundings. . v ;
The hall was cloudv with cigar smakc:
at the small separate tables sat various
groups of merchant sailors: close beside
us were two men. skippers seemingly,
comparing amid a bonfire of tobacco the
profits of their voyages; there a swarthy
Lascar with Oriental lie and earrings Iji
bis ears was overhauling the affections
cf a broad-built Dutch woman: at the high
end sat the minstrels, while the body of
the room was occupied with a motley
ETCup of suntanned. Tarry-Johns of-mani
fest Dutch extraction.
It was evident that they had just been
paid off. for money was plentiful among
them. and. judging from their brick-red
complexions and the pets they had about
them, they were probably East Indian
merchantmen borne from a long cruise.'
One had a wizened, evil-eyed monkev
perched on h!s wrist, a second a green
parrot, a third a minor bird, while others
were setting forth from bulging pocket*
various strange curios and cuaint com
modities of merchandise.
Presently the hum of talk grew louder,
attracting the" attention of the general
company. By twos and threes the crowd
thickened arcund the sailors: exclama
tions of astonishment arose, cigars even
were momentaily laid aside, so that It was
evident some special object of curiosity
tvas being exhibited. Jack and I. mutu
ally attracted, left our seats and edged
cur way in among the crowd. Some bulbs
which a tall, yellow-haired sailor wa.»
proudly exhibiting proved to be the at
tracting magnet. Apparently they w«»-e
tulips, for a dried specimen was laid forth
en the table which for size, color and
length cf petal was superior to any that
I, at least, had previously seen.
' On the eudden I remembered hearing
that the tulip mania had recently broke
forth acain In Holland and It was appar
ent from the buzz cf comment around me
that the filler had been fortunate enough
to brine back an entirely new variety.
From what I could sathcr he was re
iatJr.g the romantic history of its discov
ery, speculating the ¦vhlle as ;o what n
cculd set for his coris-ienment from the
prcat nurserymen at Harlem. .,
AH this time the precious bulbs— some
«5ore:: only Jn number— were being handed
eround for Inspection and Jack and I had
each cautiously inspected them and ha<l
handed them on until they were appar
ently all replaced upon the table asain.
when suddenly I saw the owner (who was
standing; with his back half turned to us
es he eaecrly dilated on his treasures)
Bed by the sleeve and his attention
c<3 ur.mlstakabiy toward ourselves
pockets Ins:ae out In tofcen of ny inno
cence.
The faces around me brightened not a
whit at this appeal; on the contrary, tha
trows cf the two sailers grew yet heavier,
bo in despair I couM think of nothing else
but to follow up Jack's suggestion and
hurl the accusation on our swarthy oppo
nents.
"If you want to know who 13 tha
thief." I cr'.ed hotly, ."let all present be
searched." and I pointed to the squat,
satyr-faced fellow opposite me. as Intima
ting that it would be well to begin with
htm.
Hi 3 eyes flashed: he raised his knlfa
and made as though to spring at me. Jack
thrust me hastily back, and I felt certain
r.e were about to be lynched. Suddenly a
shrill staccato sounded, and turning
round I saw the siren of the doorway
standing on a chair close beside our littla
(Continued on Page Nina.)
THE SUNDAY C £Ll£
8
A
CARGO
OF
TULIPS• ness I helped him up, and hastily explain
ing our dangerous position commenced an
assault upon the window. The aperture
was some way above my head, but with
a Jump I caught hold of the cordage, and'
clinging to It with pne hand found I could
cut vigorously enough with the other-.
One by one I sliced them through, and
dashing out another of the panes of glass
I caught sight of a man a little below me
• standing upright In a boat on the canal
outside. "Down with the rest of It.
squeeze yourselves through; and I'll catch
you,", said our unknown friend.
With a vigorous blow 'or two I broke
down sufficient of the glass and wood
¦ work to leave space enough to crawl
through, then dropping back into the den
caught hold of Jack and endeavored to
help him up to the height of the opening.
By good luck he had so far recovered'as
to be able to make some shift for him
self, but even as it was he* slipped back
some half dozen times before he got a
firm hold. At last, with a mighty shove
from himself and a haul from out
side, he finally disappeared with a crash
of glass' and creak of rending wood, pre
sumably Into the boat below.
For myself, I found the aperture a tight
fit, but with a vigorous pull from -the
boatman I eventually struggled through
arid fell headlong into the boat. Without
a word he. sat himself down to his oars.'
and pulling swiftly made all speed up the
narrow canal. Sitting ..crouched at the
bottom of the boat I eagerly gazed at the
oarsman, but nothing in his aspect seemed
familiar • to -me. ¦
I wondered who he was, how he had dis
covered us or been made aware of our evil
case.
"it, appeared he guessed my thought, for
he suddenly addressed ine. "I am the. fid
dler at the cafe where Mother S. made
u such d— d fools , o' ye.". Why didn't yc flit
.when I warned > ye an' the. roal was
open?"
"I was a fool,'.' I readily acknowledged.
. "but the woman seemed , to take our part
In the row about the'tulips." .
"Just a trap," replied" the boatman with-,
out staying from , his rowing, '"and .nicely
she caught you two. as liner ."a pair of.
newly "fledged 'greenhorns as ever I-saw!"
he added under his breath. . "Why the row.
was' got up « on purpose, you thickhead:
the 'nigger.' as we.call him -' (that's the
black chap that runs the show), trousereT
the bulbs, o\ course, as ye suspected, then
hands them on to the? old woman, who
raises a laugh, diverts the company, keep3
THE spring creations are here!
They are all bright, in fact. very
bright and very breezy and fluffy.
Just the kind of temptation that
breaks the purse and. after a few
nights of fos. the heart also.
But they're swell, so have them we
must. Besides, they are immensely be
coming, which is the great consideration.
What could be more dainty than a
Charlotte Corday? As the ranie suggests
it's Frenchy and can only be worn with
a fancy matinee frock or an evening
ffcwn.
The crown is flat and made of pleated
yellow chiffon. The rim and top are en
tirely lost in billows of creamy lac-3 that
fall over the brim and seem to caress a
cluster of pink roses which rest against
the hair. There isn't anything else to it,
but that little forms a vision of lovell-
The Moiselles is another favorite for
U is built in three tiers. Each one is of
1'Sht blue chiffon, and the very edge is
bordered with black velvet, which torms
a decided contrast and gives character.
The last tier has a flimsy lace just faHIng
over and gives that airy, fly-away lock
that is affected so much this year. Deep
rink roses held in place with black velvet
bows lend the finishing touch.
Ev the way, all the bats this year* are
of the face, and most of thtra"se{ : at"an J
anglo of forty-five degrees. 1 Two or three
years ago this would have been consid
ered "rakish," but now" it Is very "chic"
Another blue hat is made of blue tulle,
horr.ehair and pink roses. The crown is
formed of a multitude of blue : ruffles
edged with Just a suspicion of black; and
one large plr.k rose. The under part Is
laid in tiny pleats, and the roses lend a
color that is equally ".as becoming to
blondes as brunettes. a
If you ir.trnd to trim your hat at home
— and I strongly advisa you not to at
terapt such a great undertaking— buy very
large flowers or very small ones. There
are no go-betweens this year, and more
than one person will • righ because the
roses that cost 55 last year can't be util
ized again.
I r m» t *»*tfr|jr g BBKir^wPriBBiffB
But Dame Fashion doesn't demand
-oses exclusively. There are violets.
A Cargo of Tulips
By Jfoward Pease.
f ro;n Page Eight.)
group, evidently having watched all that
was coins; on.
"Ay, the young Englishman's right; it's
that ugly black fellow's stole the tulips."
And at once, to my amazing aston!sh
ment. a hoarse burst of laughter sounded
ell about me. Some said one thing, some
another, but all seemingly fancied It as an
excellent Jest, and It was evident to me
that they were one and all chaffing the
man I had accused. "Old Mother S.," said
a cheery looking follow beside me with a
wag of his head. "Is always for the good
looking ones, and so you've no chance.
Jacobs, my boy," with a hearty slap on
the £ark sailor's shoulder.
My heart grew wondrous light. Here
was a happy diversion indeed. The tickle
lay in how to keep it up. Now "Mother
8.." I was pleaded to note, seemed evi
dently on our etde. and it was the wisest
course to further propitiate her.
Waggling her arms and joyously smil
ing 8ho now thrust her way into our group
and liild fterseif alongside Jack.
Secretly slipping some gold Into her 'dis
engaged hand I whispered, "Now, Mother
B.. you can epeak English?" "Yes, a'l
rijrhts; a handsome fellow's language I
tpeak always," Fhe replied with a e«"In.
"Well," I continued hurriedly, inwardly
chafing at her impudence, "What I want
you to say for us is that I propose all
present should be searched, for we have
been accused of stealing, and that is the
enly way to have the matter cleared up,"
for I felt certain that notwithstanding
this most lucky diversion, so quickly ef
fected, we could scarce net away till the
bulbs were found, more especially as two
hulking bullies seemed to be guarding the
curtained exit.
Mother S. promptly translated my sug
gestion, which teemed to meet with favor
from the owner, for he at once commenced'
to discuss the matter with his compan
ions.
In order to quicken their deliberations
I stepped forward, and. pointing' to my
lKK'k«-ts and holding up my hands, dumbly'
fug-Rested that the search should begin
with myself.
They seemed to understand, for at a
although greatly In the minorUy-^-queer
faced litle pansles and a host of conven
tionalized * posies. The man who hunted
so long for blue roses certainly should
have lived in this generation, for they are
trying to become the rase., :i
. One of the swellest hats is covered with
yellow marguerites. The hat itself Is or
Tuscan braid and is profusely covered
with the nodding, black-eyed beauties.
The milliners say there are hats that
will make every woman look her very
prettiest, but the Rose hat will n»ve to
look a long way to find anybody tL«it v.-lll
exactly suit it— that is. as if they were
made for it and not the hat for them.
In the first place, It's large and very
showy. The color Is a peculiar shade,
somewhere between a tan and a brown.
A broad , sink satin sash encircles tho
- crown and ends In fringed tags that fall
over, cascade fashion.
The hat Is off the face, turnlnsr directly
up in '.front. The roses— and there are
nearly a dozen of them— are a brown,
shading from light to dark. It shows at
first glance 'that the Parl3 mark is safely
there. "ffljj*jllB
'People can't parade about in silks an4
satins and fine 'laces all the time. Tha
tailor-made girl hasn't completely left ca
although she has added all kinds of frlllj
and furbelows to. her broadcloth.
The walking hats are studies in them
selves.. The most severe is the Connelly.
Everybody knows the New York swell
hat. # :¦• . ¦¦-.-. .
•It comes In black and white and, It's
very plain and simple and it costs any
where from $18 to 525— more often the lat
ter, but it Is decidedly comfortinsr to
know that' every Susie," Jane and Mollie
"won't have" one. It costs too much, and
it takes a round, prcttjr face to wear one
successfully.
Black and white, in a mixed straw, with
a bow of the same, a dash of white ribbon
and a few .turquoise pins, makes as styl
ish a hat as any one could desire. Its
rival la made of a blue flaked' with gold,
the only trimming betas two olack and
gold quills held in place by a straw bow.
Every hat is flat, built on a3 low and
broad . a plan as possible — regular pan
cakes, in fact.
The person who hasn't an abundance oi
fluffy hair can't expect to vie with her
more fortunate friend, for the saucy fly
away angle demands it.
sign from the owner of the bulbs his two
companions seized me by the arms while
he himself commenced a vigorous search
all over my person.
Finding nothing gave a few letters, a
pipe and a pouch of tobacco, he grunted,
then handing them back to me commenced
to treat Jack in like manner, whose in
cipient protest at the Indignity of the pro
ceeding I cut short roughly.
Nothing, of course, was discovered on
Jack, so It was inow our opponent's turn
to be searched. After some shuffling about
he surlily gave way and surrendered him
self to the hands. Nothing,
however, to my exceeding chagrin, having
been found, I feared a repewal of the row,
but Mother S., again proving our friend,
suggested schnapps all around, for which
I willingly offered to pay.
The owner of the tulip bulbs still looked
dangerous, but the schnapps which Moth
er S.now handed round mollified the rest
of the company.
Having tossed down his. glass. the sailor
at once drew his friends around him. and
having gathered up the bulbs and various
other treasures departed, swearing a gen
eral vengeance and threatening Jack and
myself with the. police emissary.
When they had gone I. was at once for
following their example, but Mother S.',
with a soft and ogling eye. insisted that
we must first pledge her for having stood
our friend in a bumper of Hollands I hesi
tated for a moment. Then, as Jack re
plied "with pleasure," I agreed, reluctant
ly enough, to defer our departure a min
ute longer.
Tho room was now almost empty; the
minstrels were departing; one or two men
whom I had previously put down as bul
lies lounged about the doorway still,* and
I longed to be back safely at. the hotel
again. Just at that moment one of the
tiddlers passed me closely, by, so closely
as to make me turn sharply round, with
the result that he Jostled me slightly, and
at -the same instant I felt him press' a
scrap of paper in my hand.
I caught his rye: it was full of meaning,
—of warning I felt certain;, but 'he passed;
on at once and lef t* me. standing ; wonder-"
ing. who he was and what was on; the
paper.
I had no timt, to open and read It, for
the glasses were being hanCeu. Tailing
mine I sniffed :t hastily; it seemed to be
brandy of rare age and flavor, and proved
very pleasant to the palate. Drinking it
quickly I promptly laid hold of Jack by
the arm, determined to get out ' at 'once. ",''
Jack, meanwhile,, as I saw, had al.-o
emptied his glass and was now cutting
the end of a cigar which the siren was
offering to him. Profiting by their ab
sorption in lighting the same I hastily
glanced at the paper on which, in good
English characters, was written, "Take
your hook; beware of 'Mother S.' and her
cordials!"
"Come away," I, said roughly, seizing
Jack. once more by the arm, and stalked
straight to the doorway. Jack's move-.
ments. however, were hindered by the
siren, who clung to his other arm, an-1
offered him a box of Havana cigars at: a
merely; nominal figure.
."Never refuse a bargain," cried he, in
vestigating the contents with interest,
and I had perforce to await his bargaln-
Ing. Suddenly and ¦without \ warning : a'
horrible nausea mounted to my head, my
brain tottered drunkenly ; reeling, I la»d
a hand trembling on the curtain; 'I caught
a vision as of my... companion — h!s head
muffled in a cloak— borne backward to the
ground, then Acheron seemed \ to whelm
me In a sounding Hood, and over, and over
I rolled into' oblivion.
'* * *
Where was I? What had happened?
"Was I In another :. world ?¦
These; were the thoughts that buzzed
like smoked bees in my clouded brain, as,
gradually recovering consciousness, I
felt dimly about me In the dense darkness
tb*t - surrounded me.
The flpor. seemea made .of : damp «na
moldy boards that exhaled a horrible odor
as of decay and putrefying death. 1 1
seemed a cellar or secluded chamber of
some sort; for .the walls, were made of
wooden , planks which, all worm
eaten and/elimy 'as they were, were still
too strong : for me to make the least im
pression on with hand or. foot. Suddenly
I tripped on a body lying prostrate on the
floor. .
Falling on ray knees I fumbled over the
body with trembling hands in frantic
eagerness. It, was motionless, but the
face was warm, thank heaven, and when
I felt the mole mark beneath the chin I
could have started for Joy. 1 For. suppose^
and the horrible thought had swept Its
v/Ings' across my brain for a hideous mo
ment—it had been a corpse or the .body
of; an unknown man! Then suddenly. I
remembered! should have a stray, match
or two in my waistcoat pocket; Trem
bling, I found It, one solidary match only ;
three times l\ essayed \ to strike it, ' but in
v'ain;:atthe fourth attempt, however, r It
flared up and showed me. our grim sur
roundings.
Jack was still under the influence of the
drug, and could not be roused,; so I hast
ily .examined; our! prison by ught of! the
fast expiring match to see if ; there - were
any; way of escape possible.
At one end, and at some-height up, was
what seemed "a'- small window heavily
corded with ropes; no other mean3 . of
egress* caught my eye;; then, Just as the
match : gave out its last flicker. I noted
two cogged bars of iron on either, side "o."
this aperture.'
I had an uneasy feeling that. they were
silently moving, slowly. sllppingdown and
dragging : t our den down with; them." A
slight .tremor^mounted "through'': the floor
ing, then came a rustle as of ; wind-driven
leave?. Listening intently and wonder-
Ing what it could mean, I felt something
moving gently about my feet. Stooping I
groped with outstretched fingers to seek
¦for an explanation/ and found to my sur
prise that the motion was due to a slight
inflow of water. It seemed momentarily
to deepen, "however, and all at. once with
a sickening shock I realized the situation.
Evidently the cell was below. the surface
of the canal, and through a leak of some
sort water was surely finding its way" In.
At that my .' courage broke 'altogether;
groping my way! back to Jack I sat down
beside him, thankful at least that he was
still unconscious and might so meet his
doom more happily than myself. Y
'.. Just at that moment, there came an.un
mistakable "tap from ; outside/evidently
from the direction of the window. It was
.repeated again, but I took no account of
It. -Why 'could they not let us die quiet
ly? A third time came' the sound and
with it a tiny crash of broken glass, and
almost at once I' felt a' little, flutter of
, fresh ¦: air upon- my cheek. ' ; I leaped un,
then whispered brokenly, scarce daring to
allow myself to hope,. "Who is it?"
"A friend,": said a, voice hurriedly from
without, Vquick, quick; not a moment to
be lost!" . ,
- "What can I do? How can we get out?".
\ asked feverishly— the voice was' friendly.
'and -the "thought ¦ of escape bewildered all
prudence: v *
¦"Through the window here is the only
way," -replied -the voice. "Have you a
knife? .• If ' not, , here's -one." and - herewith
a clatter, sounded 'on the floor by my feet'.
, Stooping, • I found, to - my joy. .a. heavy
clasp, knife lying below the window, and
had just opened it when I was startled
at hearing a weak voice behind me which
I j took a moment . or two to recognize a j
Jack's? -- The : Inflow of water ! had roused
him, and. he was now muttering to him- (
seirin a dazedtsort of way, and wonder
ing where he was. .",;..>
?'., Fecllrjf my way toward him in the da'rk-
the bulbs and bags a brace of fledglings."
"I see," I replied shamefully, "but what
was going to be done to us' bad we, no:
been pulled out of that den by you?"
"Oh, maybe let ye out on ransom, after
givirg ye a rare fight 'and making ye
swear not to peach on them. It's th->
worst crimping show In the town, yon, but
they'd scarce- have dared to ship- ye. Ice
alone that ye'd be useless a shipboard.
They've cleaned up what ye had on ye, of
course?" he inquired in conclusion.
"Yes," I admitted sorrowfully," "watch
chain and everything gone, but I'll Inform
the police at once and perhaps Vre may
get our things back." -
The oarsman did not reply Immediately,
but after a short pause began apologeti
cally:
"Well, d'ye see. it's Just this way.
There's no manner of doubt but 'twould
be a good thing to have that cafe swept
away, but I've myself and belongings to
think on, and. It's good money that I get
there, d'ye see? Drink's done the business
for me," he continued reluctantly: "down,
down.- I've come In the world till & fid
dler's job in a crimping den is the last
fluke of' my anchor. I've been badly sus
pected already, for I do my best to give
foolish folk like yourselves a hint now
and again, and If it wasn't that I'm tho
best hand at a jig in the town I'd havo
had the sack long since. ¦ However," ho
continued with a sigh, ."ye -can settle It
for yourselves, for here's the landing
place, and I'll say good-by t'ye.-.but taka
my advice and don't thrust yourselves
into danger when there's no necessity for
it."
I asked him for* his name and address,
¦with a view to rewarding him for his ser
vices, but he would give none, merely re
marking that we were "fellow country
men, and that. was good enough for him."
Thus we parted, and though Jack and I
made several private inquiries we were
never able to discover anything further a.;
to our , deliverer or his, whereabouts.
Mother S and the "nigger" appeared to
have taken alarm at. our unexpected es
cape and to have made a midnight flitting,
for the cafe was found to be deserted the
next morning, the inmates having van
ished, "leaving," as the postofflce officials
say, "no address." .
- So ended • our evening's ¦ amusement In
Amsterdam, and from that day to this I
can -never hear the brazen voice of a
steam organ without a momentary sensa
tion-of alarm and an instant desire of
flight
the Sunday! c ax/l;
9
Hats Fr«m the City of Paris.
THE LATEST
IN SPRING
HATSand potted plants . on • teakwood - tabour
ettes complete the furnishing.
A' suite of rooms oft the hall is done in
cafe-au-lait and robin's egg blue. The
carpet is a soft tan covered faint
tracery of pink roses . and green leaves."
The furniture Is of dark wood. The
heavy, portieres are brown, with a cream
lining. /, :
Another room,' and. an especially at
tractive .one, has \ olive- green walls,
chrome yellow ceiling" and a deep 'red car
pet. The furniture in; this room is of ma
ple and ' the : hangings carry" out the'; three
colors — green, red "and yellow.
A downstairs; 11 yirig-room is - done In
gblden'oliye and cafe-au-lalt.". The rafters
j are creamy white and the floor is inlaid
."and covered with costly " rugs.; The ad
joining room, . a bedroom, has .'rose leaf
pink walls and^a cream celling and bor-
¦ . . ¦ ¦ i
irrlll Is arranged/with small tables, seat
ing not over ' four. Fine china shows
through the doors of cabinets. The wall
Bhelf adds to the coziness of the little
tables tucked away in corners, tempting
confidences. Beyond the grill lies the
kitchen, complete in modern appointments
of sinks, shelves and imntrles. Its ranse
is a work of art, with compartments for
every possible ¦ culinary emergency, -from
a roast of beef to a roast of flamingoes'
tongues. V
The most striking feature of the house
the feature for' which It was named— Is
the court. •
The house on front and sides Is shut In
from the street by a high wall of yellow
brick and two bronze gates, over, which
hangs a quaintly fashioned lamp. The
floor of the court Is tiled in yellow to cor-
Wasmann then removed the cork, upon
which .the Insect came out and sought
around for food. 'Ho then approached it
with the point of u needle dipped la
honey. The ant at first shrank back as
Wasmann keeps many different tribes of
ants In artificial nests. To these is con
nected a feeding tube terminating in a
glass bulb closed by a cork. Into this tube,
he remarked,' one of the Insects came reg
ularly. It was easy to recognize it to be
always the same, as I*, was particularly
small and otherwise "different from Its
companions. The creature licked up the
honoy ' or, sugar placed In ¦ the bulb and,
having gathered a supply, returned to
share it with its companions In the nest.
Jesuit father Waamann, who i?.
after the English naturalist Lubbock. tho
man "who knows most about thaae irsecf*.
TAMING an ant would seem to be an
almost impossible feat, but it has
been lately accomplished by ths
-_-: ¦ . ¦ ,.
Child labor In North Carolina mills has
decreased 50 per cent in the past thre«
years. .
SCIENTIST TAMED AN ANT.
if frightened; then gradually drew nearer,
feeling about with Its antennae, until at
last It came up to the needle and licked
oft the honey. Later he accustomed it
to take the honey directly from the tip of
hla finger, a surprising fact when we re
member that the ¦ least unusual odor or
the slightest movement outside their nest
is either repulsive or terrifying to arts
and drives them either to flight or to dem
onstrations of disgust. Waamann succeed
ed In taming the insect so completely that
at last it quitted the oulb Immediately tha
cork was removed, came in cuest of tho
honey on his finger and at the conclusion
of its repast, without any attempt at re
sistance or flight, allowed Itself to be lift
ed on a bristle and carried back to ths
Earl Court's rooms offering a good
background, the furnishings show for all
they are worth. For Instance, the antique
four-poster bed that would clash In many
surroundings shows to the best advantage
against white woodwork, such as colonial
housekeepers grew weary of In the at
tempt to keep scrubbed. Light rattan fur
niture appears in a . room with a brass
bed. as befits, and the delicate blue of tho
wall Is the appropriate backgrnund. Dark
bookcase and library table take kindly to
rich red walls. «,
Have an eye out always to the fitness of
things.
finest: it may be the collection of years
of travel and the expenditure of much
money; but unless the room itself gives
the right background to display it, its
value is lost sizht of.
costs money. His only boast Is that It
can be done.
In the first place, partitions were trans
planted until the house was arranged In
suites throughout. Most of these consist
of two rooms and bath. The bath is
really built out from the house instead of
jutting into the rooms as in ordinary
buildings. This arrangement leaves the
rooms square.
notes first.
It has been said, "If you want to get at
the real manner of a man look at h?*
hallway." Like his speech, it betrays his
place in life. And in its completeness: or
incompleteness it gives you an idea as to
what the rest of the house is like.
The hall of Earl Court is used as a re
ception room, the court outside really be
ing the entrance to the house, for unless
"Woodwork and ceilings are the bus
bears of remodeling. The woodjvork In
this case was made modern by being
stained throughout, so that its whilom
darkness, except in the halls, is now
changed to a light and dainty shade. The
ceilings descended from their old-time
height, when a broad border was made at
the top of the wall in color contrasting
with that of the wall.
one has been Initiated into the workings
of the bis bronze sates one mustering
from the street. Rich red walls, deep
yellow ceiling and border of bluish black
woodwork are combined In the hallway.
Turkish rugs are on the inlaid floor, and
the couch and chair are of highly, polished
mahogany and leather. Heavy. Chinese
tapestries and one or two rare paintings
adurn the walls. A grandfather's clock
SCHOOL TO TRAIN WAITERS.
WAITERS in Austria are now
learning their trade just like
ordinary mechanics. They do not
obliged to study a little longer before he
can obtain his diploma.
Indeed, terribly strict these professors
crrve as apprentices to employ
ers, but Instead go to school in Vienna,
where experienced professors teach them
how to wait at table. Their Instruction
In twofold— theoretical and practical.
First the professors tell them what they
should do, then they show them how to
do it, and finally they test them In order
to see if they can do it themselves.
are, as may be judged from the fact that
at a recent examination one of the wait
ers was disqualified because, when un
corking a bottle of Rhine wine, he used
an ordinary corkscrcvr Instead of an au
tomatic one, as Is {he general custom.
From the very start this school has
been popular, and It has now several hun
dred pupils. Some of the old time walt-
This final test Is Interesting. Four per
rons, two gentlemen and two ladies, who
are posing as guests for the occasion,
enter the schoolroom, which is arranged
&* a. cafe, and order a light raeiL A
waiter approaches and serves them, while
at a little distance the professors watch
his every motion. If be blunders In the
(smallest detail a black mark In set
against bin In their notebook, and he b
crs, who have learned what they know
through experience, are disposed to sneer
at It, but the younger men, whose ambi
tion in life is to serve deftly and skillfully
in the cafes, which ar« such a popular
institution in Europe, regard it with high
favor and with few exceptions claim that
only those who have obtained, diplomas
from it are entitled to .be considered
members of their honorable profession.
TH1MC twice before you tear down
your old-fashioned house. It may
look to you a hopeless case, but
when you know what has been done
with Earl Court you won't despair.
Earl Court is the "big yellow house" up
on the Pine-street hill. A year ago it
looked Impossible, from a modern deco
rator's standpoint. To-day even a master
decorator walks through it and comes out
at the back door saying "A model."
The owner of the house does not offer
up a page of advice on "How to furnish
ten rooms for $5." Maklne old thines new
•me rooms are all different in coloring
and in effect. The one thing which tha
architect seems to have sought to avoid is
monotony, and in so doing he has caused
each room to give a different impression.
Throughout the house the woodwork is
creamy white, with the exception of the
halls, which are done in blue black. The
blending of the colors in wall, ceiling an.l
wood finishing is perfect. The secret of
Earl Court's beauty is its tinting. Tin
arrangement of rooms, the furnishing*,
have much to do with it, but it is the col
oring of the room that the artistic eye
8er. In one corner of this room Is placed
a most "comfy" looking couch.
The downstairs hallway has pale yellow
walls and deep strawberry ceiling. Where
the border begins Is built a shelf, creamy
white, to match the woodwork, and on
• this are rare pieces of bric-a-brac. A
china chest and a chair or two compose
the furnishing.
The grillroom, which opens oft this hall,
has walls of olive green and ceiling of
canary yellow. A shelf runs around the
room and is the resting place for bric-a
brac, as is the one in the hall. All the
furniture used In this 100m is of ebony.
The large windows op 311 into the conser
vatory, deliciously cool anC inviting. Tho
respond with the wall. To the right as
one enters Is a large plate glass window,
through which one looks down Into the
conservatory. At night, when the lamps
In court and conservatory are lit. the ef
fect Is wonderfully pretty. Courts for pri
vate houses should be most popular. They
Impart a sense of privacy not to be found
In the usual entrance, and at the same
time add to the outward beauty of the
house.
You who read this cannot fully realize
what this made-over housa is like. It
would take colored illustrations to do It
justice, for in color lies the secret of It)
beauty.
The furniture in a room may be of ths
THE SUNDAY CAiili;
10
One of San Francisco's Most
Artistic
HomesRun.
Wherefore hs spake to the Gazabo,
eaying: . ;^
"Lo! I see thee and go thee on even
hundred sestertii better! fordo I not •
need "avlittle Easy MoneyP Yea,
Verily! "
Then it came to Pass that they
ran, and the Skate with the Excelsior
Hair ran wtth- exceeding swiftness:
yea, even as- a Scared Rabbit. ran he,
even so* that he"reacfied the Goal and
fell asleep, ere the Wise Guy' wa3 :
- within . Hailing Distance. •
'"By my Father's Beard!" shrieked
Uh» -Wise-Guy; "but I have been
Bunkoed?'% 4 r . : .., -.. .,
ii ."Almost do I feel sorry for thee! M
grinned -the Gazabo; "for * thou wert
so Very Easy!" and he went His Way,
leaving t the 'Wise Guy r poorer '. in the
Scads," though .richer in 'Experience.
; • / But alas ! experience Buyeth not
Beer:! neither doth it purchase Bo
logna.^
. Moral : Never trust Appearances;
the sad' Mul* kicketh Hardest.
' . Second Moral : Easy Money is the
hardest to get. ¦;¦; '
• And Verily: When thou mee'test .'a ;
Jay, regard him with j Suspicion and
pass by on th© other Sidej of a truth
heis Loaded!' - . .' r :
(Copyright, :iMl, by A." J. Moore.) •
ONCE upon a Time there li ve'd a
Monkey who thought he could
Sing.
;."I .will be a Star!" said he. .
'So he learned a Rag Song from a
Coon Shouter at. the nearest Dive and
then travel ed into ; a Strange L and
to try it on' the Dog.
Now this Monkey had a Voice like
•the Glass* Crash of the End Man in a
ths wjse -suy and the ¦¦$$$$$$.
(Copyright. 1901. by A. J. Moore.)
•jnS WISE GUY- met a -Sloppy -
jr\ Weather Gazabo driving a
" Woolly Skate to a Rickety
Cart. : >^-i': ' •- '
Now the Wise Guy had taken
Wine, wherefore his heart was Merry,
and he Bawled Out to the Gazabo:
"Ho, there!". he' said. . "Wherefore
drivest thou yon Animated Corps*
through a ¦ . Civilized Community P
Fearest thou not th- Health OfflcerP"
"Go to!" answered the Gazabo.
"Verily I say unto ; you this * Skate
dosth the quarter in 37 flat!"..;
"Ha, ha !" whooped the Wise Guy,
and he made a long nose at the Oa
rabo and mocked him, saying:
"Run, saidst thouP Of a truth, the
old Crow-Bait hath been dead so long
he Stinketh! Yea, verily, thiou, hast
stolen him from* the Soap Factory!?
Then did the Gazabo wax wroth,
and he clomb down and unhitched the
Skate, and said unto the Wise Guy:
"Behold! the tongue waggeth, but
it is the obolus thattalketh!" arid ha
Pungled Up a Big Wad and offered to
bet the Whol« Thing on the Maligned
Skate.- j ' ¦ ¦'¦-. ¦ ¦¦: .••"• ¦ - '¦¦^'¦,h
Now it so happened that the Wiia
Guy posseesed" a steed ¦ that. Could
knoweth the Feel of a Dollar. '
Another Moral: Faith, Hope, Char
ity—but the greatest of these is a
Pull.. ... -'¦¦¦;_: , '
Encore: When the Court decides
that you are a Rascal,'comfort*your-
eelf by reflecting that Probably; tho
Judge is Another.
Mr. A. Esop's Fables
Up to Date.
And as time went on, the Monkey's*?
Voics grew worse and worse; but even^
as it grew worsa, so did the'enthu-'
siasm of the Rabble increase — *or of
such are the Devotees of Grand Operaf *
Moral: Grand Opsra under anjr
other name would reap divers .an4^
many rotten eggs. ', _^
Second Wallop: The Rabble Lov-u,
eth what it is unable to understands
Third Poke: Call a'Skunk3kin Er-.«
mine and it sslleth for an hundred"
Plunks. Call it honest Skunk- and'thif*
Babble tuxneth up" its Nose. "••*
many , Seasons thereafter, did they %
crowd ths. Theaters to listen to the,'*
Great Star. Yea, Verily, they did
Cough Up as much as five sestertii
for a Reserved Seat and desmea thenv }9
selves Lucky; for was it not GrandL
Opera? Yea, verily! .,-.?
'Then the Abashed Rabble* bowed
down to tho Shrewd Monk, rxnd for
Wreck and thy Chords don'f Track*-.
Of a truth thou art a Fake V " And '¦
they reviled him yzt more and.' Cast*
Things from out of Nigger Hfiaven';"'
"Go to!" thundered the Monk.;
"What knowest thou about the Class-^
icsP Behold! Thou hast besn listenV
ing to Grand Opera and wotted. itl
not!" and he pointed at them tha
Fingsr of Scorn.
Minstrel Show and his Technique was
like unto a drunken Stamp Mill; yet
was he possessed of a Wondrous
r.erve; also he knew Human Nature.
And it came to Pass -when he
rang before the \ People that they
arose in their Wrath and HowJ?d and.*.
Threw Things and were Zxceedin3>
Tumultuous. ' "- : '
"Wherefore this Unseemly Ifeinon-"
fitration?" demanded the indignant'
Monk. "Thinkest thou that this ial
a session of the Austrian Reichsrata?
or a Democratic Convention?" .. £
"Lay Down!" yelled the Strenuous-
Ones. "Thou singest like a Railroad
THe MONKEY IN GRAND OPERA
First the scales are removed so care
tully that the pkln la not broken.. Then
the skin is tanned and dressed to make
One of the fish skin garments in the col
lection is a warm weather garment, for
it is unlined. .If it had been made in Paris
about two inches long, over the entire-sur
face. Near the neck, in 'front, ls'a fair
imitation of a rooster, tail feathers and
all. ¦¦;.
SEVERAL, garments made entirely of
fish skins, and made to be worn,
too, are to be put on exhibition
«oon in the Museum of Natural His
tory, In Central Park, New, York, in a "re
markable collection of curios gathered in
Eastern Siberia by. Professor Berthold
Laufer. of the Jesup Xorth Pacific expe
dition. These fish skin cldthes are the
work. 6f the women of the remote Gllyak
and Gold tribes of the River Amur, and
very odd garments they are.
The tribes live entirely by fishing and
hunting. Salmon, which ascend the fiver
to spawn, are their staple food, and the
salmon skins, after being treated by the
women, who are adepts^ provides material
for their clothes. ? . V
it durable, and finally the women sew it
into garments. . .
Salmon skin.*when made into clothes by
the Amur Indians, ie like kid in appear
ance and softness, but It Is tougher than
kid, 'in fact, almost as tough as parch
ment. It Is dyed yellow and red and in
digo. , and som« of the garments into
which it Is made are highly ornate.' Curi
ously/enough, lr.ost of the ornamentation
Is on the backs.
The garments are sewn together with
fin* thread,; also- made of/fish skin. Still
another use to which fish skin is put is to
decorate the boots of both men and wom
an, sections of highly colored skin being
apnllqued on the elk hide of which the
boots are made.
it would have been called a pelisse. Its
front overlaps * and it seems to . have
reached the ankles of the wearer.
In color.it is a deep manila yellow, and
is highly ornamented. The outer edges
are bordered with a fish skin band of dafk
Indigo blue, ant heading this is a narrow
strip of red. -Up Ihe side seams blue pan
els are appliqued in a graceful arabesque
design. ,
'The* edges of the arabesques /are fas
tened to the body with as minute stitches
as it sewed by a machine. Bands of sim
pler design ornament the tops of the
sleeves, and there, are blue cuffs decora
tive in outline.
' Another; gown shows three bands about
two inches. wide. In dark blue, yellow and
red, laid close together. - v '
I This garment is further ornamented
with appllnued scroll figures in blue, each
CLOTHES MADE OF FISH SKINS.
and straightway withdrew into His
Shell. |jRgg
' Moral: Justice is blind— but she
"But I've got the money!" he said,
0 thief!*' he cried, with exceeding
great vehemence.
"You're easy!*' wheszed the Tor
toise.
"But I have Eight on My Side!"
persisted the Poor Hare.
The Tortoise scratched his Ear
with his Hind Flipper.
• ¦¦¦>¦ .- • _. _
"Behold!" he said, "I have met
men of Belial and have been Bilked!
But I will Have Justice!*'
"Certainly!" replied th- Courteous
Judges. "Justice comes high, but
perchance you have the Price?"
The Tortoise chuckled.
The Hare grew excited. "You're
Foul.
Then did the Hare rise on his Hind
Lf gs and Ho'wl.
THE HARe AND THS TORTOISE.
THE Hare and the Tortoise agreed
to run a Race. All the Beasts
¦were there, and there was Great
Excitement, together with Much Bet
ting: and Many Fights.
The Pistol cracked and th?y Were
Off. The Hare ran like a Kansas Bar-
Tender and in two seconds was Out of
Sight, while the Foolish Ones jeered
the Tortoise and bade him Go To.
Now this Tortoise vras strictly TJp
To Date. His Running was like Cold
Molasses, but he was a Wise Gazabo
with a Pall; likewise he knew the
value cf a Subsidy.
And it came to Pass that when the
Fleet Hare returned, panting and per
epiring, he was Informed hy tha
Suave Judges that he had lost on 'a
(Copyright. 1301. by A. J. iloore.)
ONE of the most persistent delusions
pertaining to the uneducated coun
tryman Is that which physicians
have now got to ¦ all the "reptile
delusion." It is a delusion which attaches
to people of the agricultural class. The
victim believes that he has .swallowed a
cnake. Usually he is sure he has swul
lowed the snake when it was a little one
while he was drinking from a spring. In
certain parts of New England for one to
laugh at the Idea of a victim of persistent
Intestinal inflammation having swallowed
a snake would be considered by the old
women of the community littie short of
heresy. Dr. W. von Eechterew of Ger
many recently wrote on this reptilian de
lusion, and he shows that the Gernjan
farmer and the New England farmer have
the same delusions.
In New England 'the orthodox remedy
for the man who has swallowed a snake
is to hang him up by the heels and place
a pan of warm milk near.his mouth. Then
the enake" comes out to drink the milk,
and Is caught by the waiting family. In
traveling through the rural parts of Xew
England one can find many a story of
people who "know" of such occurrences.
QUEER DELUSION OF THE SNAKE
SWALLOWING CRANK.
But they are always" In the next township
arid the story was told to them by "ab
eolutely reliable"" people.. The reptilian
delusion seems to be an irradicable trait
among certain classes of farmers. , ; ' '
The usual theory Is that the patient,
who is most often of the lower classes,
swallpwed the animal while, asleep out of
doors, the details of the awakening with
the sensation of the descent of the cold,
clammy boQy' being given with graphic?
distinctness. When' the Invader is thought
to be a frog or lizard the explanation is
more simple, for it' is a matter of common
belief among country folk that' the spawn
of these animals, swallowed in the drink-'
Ing water, -undergoes" its cycle of develop
ment In the stomach and sometimes it
even is administered secretly in this way
with malicious intent. The bearer of such
an amphibian invader complains of the
pain and disturbance its movements pro
duce or of its gnawing away at his vitals,
,or even annoying him by the emission of
characteristic croak's or hissings at unto
ward moments. The delusion rest3 on the
unconscious exaggeration • of -normal or
slightly increased gastric sensations in
persons predisposed to hysterical tempera- ,
ment. j . ¦' ... ¦ \
an ass the cat came around the corner of
the horse and *=at down and looked at
him with a reproach that, went right to
his heart. She had been suddenly turned
outdoors to shift for herself. From
chicken bones and Orange County milk
she had been reduced to old boot legs
and garbage pails, and she knew him to
be the cause of it. From a s!eek. plick
cat. boasting of her lineage, she had be
come a rumpled outcast, a tramp among
felines. Dogs had hustled . her over
fences, and other cats had knocked her
about until her pride of spirit was gone.
Mr. Bowser looked at her and felt con-
UQL by C. B. Lewis.)
]T was t'.:ree days before Mr. Bowser
ret out to lock for boarding house No.
3. and he wouldn't " have made an
other move except Tor hi.= bracking
«nd boastine to Mrs. Buwfer l»efore
fche loft. Meanwhile he went around to
the house to tee how the family cat came
en. Si;e was not to l>e seen at first, and
he eat down on the front steps to medi
tate. As he had just come to the con
clusion that the doctor who had advised
Mrs. Bowser to po away and live on top
cf a hill ft>r a month for her health was
merely to carry, out a\ conception- in the
mind of the artist, without' reference to
says It-will fee impossible for her to prom
ise anything before 1903.— New York Sun.
I /TV? NEW fad in jewelry ha." slowly
j /Lj\ been making its way 'to favor in
i il » recent years, and the Paris Ex
i " position brought it into something
I like popularity. Fortunately the expense
of the work, and the fact that it appeals
to. .the artistic taste more than to the
canons of elegance generally current,
promise to keep the fashion from becom
ing fatally common.
The Salique jewelry is perhaps the finest
! example of this new work, which is after
i.all old, for it werks back to the wondcr
.ful metal, work*. of renaissance times- and
-makes the precious^stones 'merely "inci
dental. | The exhibition of Rene SStl(Itie.*s
pwofli^a.fctrte- exposition- -was aT revelation
\ to tfce'host \who had known !nothing about
r.him:' ¦ ..-, >;" .' ;'.' • ¦;.;: ; : ;-;;. " ; '. : :.¦ .y" : - ¦-.% .
work has been eagerly for
,in ; Europe for, years past, but his price'3
.are fabulou's'and he does not sell to deal
ers, .but., works only on , special' orders,
.which it. may be his whim to accept; so,
up. to. the present time, his jewels have
been obtained only by royal personages
or .other illustrious", patrons, and- their
number Is not very great.
'Castellanl. In Rome, has had a' reputa
tion for work of the same general order
as Salique'si although he has achieved
nothing to equal the Salique jewels, and a
crowd of lesser lights have been follow
ing the same path with more or less suc
cess.-
Of course, the central idea of this jew
elry is beauty and excluslveness of de
sign." The masters ef the.' craft, like
Salique, often make the jewel, whatever
It- may be, with direct reference to the
appearance and personality of the.woman
who is to'wear It, and this; opens up an
endless vista of suggestive and symbolic
possibility.
Then again the' jewel may be made
the future owner. Rare stones are Intro*
dueed wherever the design requires their
color, but very often the seml-preclouj
stones answer the artistic requirements
better than the more costly jewels and aro
used by preference, without thought _q$
the comparative cost.
If a patron la willing to put a crown's
ransom of rubles into an order and Sa
lique thinks pink topaz or lapis lazuli ac
cords better with his design, the. buyer
doesn't get the rubies. Moonstones ara
particular favorites with Salique and with
many of his followers', because they lend
'themselves to symbolism and suggestion
without detracting from the effect of the
metaT.work ami design. One of the most
remarkable- pieces of this art Jewelry ever
turned] out was' a comb in a" design of
'bats'flying -through the filtered' light of
moonstones/ '
American designers are taking up the
art jewel Idea.* and a new era of extrava
gance in - Jewelry is evidently at hand.
Gorgeous* tiaras and stomachers of dia
monds will not do now. My lady must
have specially ; designed . and eccentric
jewelry of -which there -is no duplicate.
which bears the signature of a master
craftsman. ' . '•? - .•¦•- ¦ '•....-¦. • ';.'
Several " of. ~ the New Tork Jewelers
brought h^ome, quantities of signed Jewels
in unusual designs, and have sold them
rapidly. One ring for a man, labeled "The
Heart of the Oak" and signed by a fam
ous French workman, was a particularly
good specimen, although It hadn't a hint
of a precious stone about it. The ring"
was wrought in' semblance of bark and
bore -a. strange, ..satyr-like head, that at
first glance looked merely like the gnarled
knot- on- a limb ©r a. tree/ . "
One^Chica'go woman has taken up this
artjew'el craft : with immense success, and
has orders so. far in advance that she
ART JEWELRY PROMISES TO BE
THE LATEST FAD.
science-stricken and was about to extend,
his sympathy when a passing dog leaped
the fence and the eat had to take up the
turmoil of life once more. . .
' Hal? an hour later Mr. Bowser was
ringing , the bell of another boarding
house. He didn't look for homelike ap
pearances on th« outside. He had also
made up his. mind that no one should nnd
him a soft mark again. As he was ush
ered into the presence of the landlady he
looked her in the eye and squared oft and
said :
"Madam, I am looking for a temporary
home while rny wife Is absent."
"I fee," she replied.
"I want a good bid free from bugs In
stead of -a Christian home." I want well
cooked meals Instead of family prayers."
."I understand. You have been imposed'
xfn by", landladies better .fitted,, to run.
"chicken' farms" than t-oardlng-houses."
'"I have, and I don't intend to submit
to any more of it. If you have a vacant
room let me see it.'*. :
y Mr. Bowser found -i well furnished room
and a good, 'clean bed and "was highly
satisfied. The landlady went over the
bill of fare with" aim and he was still
further pleased. It"* was hotel" Hfe with
all the comforts of home and he put down
his money- for a wetk-lri advance andfelt
that he had struek'the right house at last.
A* they went downstairs the. landlady
said: - . ; ,
."You feel a hit" lonesome, of course,
with your wife- being' gone, but we will
chirk you up here*. I always have a sis
terly-feeling for a ionely married mail. I
will see that you d> not get despondent.
This evening, if you wish it,. I will, sin*
to you, or we will Lave a game of cards
together. Just feel that, this house Is
home and that you have at least one rela
tive here."- ' ,„...,. ..,-i .-'>-""
Mr. Bowser felTthat he liad rather t,he*
sister business had been left out. but he
went away moderately happy and dinner,
again was his first meal. ..", He couldn't
have found reasonable fault had he tried.
H«_cut' out the. sisterly singing or card;,
playing by going to bed .early, and, he r
never, had a better night's' rest in his own
room. There was M nly one drawback .'to-
breakfast. The eggs, toast, bacon and
coffee were, delicious, 'but among the
boarders was a -cross-eyed -young man
\ who insisted on calling .him Mr. Towscr
and warning hirti iliat he ought to take
off some of his superliuous fat if he want
ed to escape apoplexy: .As his existence
'was entirely ignored., however, the inter
ruption was not serious.
It was another good dinner which wel
comed Mr. Bowser again, and he rose up
from ihe table feeling that he could truth
fully: tell Mrs. Bowser that she hadr.'t yet
learned the firsi principles of housekeep
ing, and that be was dftermined never to
keep ¦ house again. He had .reacbe'd his
room and Was about to sit down to his
letter when the landlady tapped at his
.•door and 'in a^nisterly, way-offered to' ac
!'-cdtnpany ; him" to. the theater in case he
had , tickets and did not, want to go alone.
She retired to tap again after, a few min
utes "and invite him to. hear her. sine, and
"onVthe third occasion 'she .hoped that h,<;
would cornej'dpwn to the parlor and. hear
:tiontr^fo her- c"lsappointment~.-and .grief, :
" all 'her .blsterly. 'offers "were declirved^with/
thanks, but'sh-i was not a woman to-be
' '.y.'':'. \ ;.'"¦;¦ ".. "r .'* ; ; ; '< V ' ¦'¦ ¦>-
(To be continued.)
roatif.s notes might roa- the louder. XVTwn
Mr. Bowser had fully Viressed he stepped
Into" the hal! and entered the howler's
-room. The singer had reached the thirty
ninth verse ard was still in srood trim
when ho was seized bv the neck and
whirled around and deposited on his bed. •
Mis sonpr ended and he cried for helo, and
It wasn't a inlnme before the sisterly
tan^Jady and ten boarders came rush
. -He was yawping *n.l howling." «
plained Mr. Row«er as he pointed to th.3
ynunjrman on the bed. *
The explanation d:tln*> g-?._ The cross
eyed young rear* waa tfiip songster of ihe
house. He was' thinking of grand opera
His soiiks wore v^elromcd by the- boarders
at any hour of the day or nis'Ot and soma
of them were Iullrfl to 'sleep' by them.
It wan almost saTil^c tc take him by
the neck_ and Mr. Bowser must aoologizs
or jfo. Kven after ancloslzlng he must
furnish references that he wasn't a des
perado in djs^uise. Mr. Bowser went.
Without a look at the vouns man on th3 .
bod. who feared thnt cimore^sjon cf the
neck had, affected his niph notes: without
a glanc<» Into the pitiless faces surround
ing* him. he passed downstairs and out
doors and down the street and never pall
the slightest attention to the tramp wha
struck him for a dime and called hlnx
"Old Skinflint" because he didn't bond; It
The howler did not c«»ase to howl. Ac
cording to the w«rda «f his song his true
lnve had died and been hurled at sea and.
though his grief was Jive year3 old. i;
was still, poignant enougn " to Interfere;
with his appetite ar.j nreve:it him from
escorting any other jpfri to the circus, AJr.
Bowser bounded out of bed and pnund^d
on the wall and demanded silence, but
the answer he received was a solemn cau
tion to go at It and reduce his flesh. At
that his Jaw set and the light of batt!*
shown In his eyes. He began to dresa and
the howling continued. The cross-eyed
young jnan even opened the door that h'is
"By ; gum, but If. that how er" doesn't
stop that noise there'll be 'a' row her»» to
make. the windows rtittie."
-easily discouraged. Sn». had set out to be
sisterly, and she sat herself down and
:talked of trust j and the Chinese quest'on
.for, a.'-full hour. Incidentally, a* It were.
she also asked Mr. Bowser how Ions he
had been married, whom he married, if
his married life was happy, and about a
hundred" other questions.
It was half past" 10 o'clock before Mr.
Bowser fell Into bed. and he. was just
closing his eyes In sleen when th«v-t>ourder
in. the next room i to his burst forth into
*song. It was tbp'volce of the>cro?s-eyed
youn? man. He 'had a voice between the
limpid rlpploB .of.a rivulet and the roar of
a road bull, an] he. sang of. his true love.
Mr.. Bowser was on end, In- a minute, and
the! next 'minute he was saying: j
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONSNow They find That the Arc Lamp is
Inclined to Be Musical.
*-j|— SHE time may not be far distant when
' our cities will be furnished with mu
. 11 sic at everv. corner. A curious dls
,eovery, which results from much
electrical " research and expeririient aV the
central technical college of the city .and
guilds of London Institute, is reported by
W. Duddell. The arc, ¦ of^cburse, :js\the
blaze of lisht which: exist; between rjtwe
sticks of carbon placed end on and be
tween which the ' electric . current , flows.
Two different kinds of* carbon . are. em
ployed in the arc lamps. In" the one; kind
the. carbon stick .is: made" hollow ' and' is
filled* with a powdery material,; whileiin
the^other kind the carbon is homogeneous,"
The* >fonner". type of ? carbon ; is' caiied
"cored," the latter "Bolld."':
Now, the cored ; carbon arc : "po8sesses"no
musical soul. It is deaf to : all persuasion",
whereasithe solid carbon arc, he finds. Is
hke the mouthpiece > of a) flute, ready to
emit any note. „. The note -of ; the -flute- de
pends, of course, on' the length of the pipe,
as determined^ b'yi the (position of ' the fln
gers and the raising of the keys,* whereas
the . note . civen out ? by . the 'solid carbon
arc_ depends on" theriature'of a bypass or
"shunt" that fs putlacross the carbons. P.
Mr. Duddell," having'evoU'ed these facts,
arranged ¦ a ': keyboard * of .two 'octaves,", iso
that be could play tunes.\In'demonstrat
ing, this before "the^ scientific body .referred
to be arranged ' four **a res in; series "to'in
crease T the ! loudriess of ; the" sound,' and ; by
varying the self-induction arid capacity In
the', "shunt" circuit; he- played the national
anthemi; upon' the electric light! . . \\
"Now, .. v this^ keyboard," he ' explained,
"may be'placed'at a'd^taicefrom'thVaxc
light, just as »the current itself supplied
to an arc lamp is in" most cases generated
by a machine at a considerable distance.
! - '.'Hence.'' said the scientist,"' "we 3 have .
this great possibility— namely, that the'or
dinary, arc; lamps at present' used in light
ing; f.j hall can be . played ;.on [ not merely
by a Dorformer ,who ; is' In .'the . hall Itself j
but who may be outside it somewhere else.
Consequently : /ah' audience which is paying
no , more i attention ' to ¦ the arc lamps * hung
up V above 3 it, than 1 it. would to ¦ a, gaso
lier may- be suddenly astonished to -hear
a tune coming from" the spacefarourid it "
s Mr. ' Duddell * has !¦' also shown that'; the
electric light ''arc can be" used "as "a tele^
phone -receiver. He has already used i it
for.- the s recelyintj,of^telephone ? currents'
from a' transmitter spoken into in another
part ; of the bulldihg/ W&@±^^,
THE grandest bridges of the Romans
were aqueducts, but. after centuries
of unrest, the* noblest conceptions of
;i architecture .were realized In the
Gothic churches. There;was little demand
for roads land" bridges,' "and 'still less for
aqueducts/ : Yet the monks did not build
cathedrals' and monasteries only. To them
we' owe ' the introduction '¦ of flat arches.
The /Romans .had •; preferred semicircle
arches, which rarely exceeded seventy
feet in span. -The founder of the Brothers
of ;the Bridge? St. 1 Benezet. adopted for his
Rhone' bridge of 1178. at Avignon, elliptical
arches, "which had- their smaller radius of
elevation at the, crown instead of_at the
haunches. The famous Ponte Vecchoi at
Florence and the original 'Augustus bridge
at".; Dresden date from the' twelfth cen
tury. ,The aqueduct of Spoleto. which
looks as' if many, high and narrow win
dows had-.been cut wit of a massive wall,
is thirteenth-century. Gothic work. So- is
ihe Devil's bridge, near Matorell. In the
province of Barcelona, with its apparently
reckless pointed arch, which is crowned
at its weakest part by a heavy toll-house.
The builders, no doubt, understood that
the'load]dld;not endanger the* structure.
The ! eprlrigirigs of this "arch are certainly
of i antique origin, Roman or Carthaginian.
An inscription .of the 17C0. when the
bridge; was restored. , ascribes ; the founda
tion to* Hannibal." The' span of the 'stone
arch over 'the A<Wa; near Trezzo; 236 feet/
built under Barnato Visconti of Milan
in 1370 to 1377, (destroyed again in war time
in 14H>>, has not been surpassed yet. But
the piers were in general made unneces
sarily heavy, and many a bridge failed
because the Roman art of laying con
crete foundations between piles had not
been rediscovered from Vltruvius' forgot
ten architecture. French engineers first
used caissons and suggested iron bridges.
The first cast iron bridge, really e'em
pleted In 1779. however, and still standing,
is. according to Engineering, the well
known Coaibrookdale bridge over tho
Severn. The arch consists* of five ribs. It
found many imitators. The Pont des Arts
at Paris, with nine openings, and the
Southwark bridge of 1S14. with a center
arch of 214 feet and a rise of 21 feet, are*
fine examples. Failure of some of these
briges, however, brought another ma
terial to the front— puddled Iron— which
helped us to suspension bridges. The first
specimens— the Tees bridge at Middletou of,
1741; Telford's Menal Straits bridge; fur
ther, the bridge over the Danube at Buda
pest, ' the handsomest of its type, prob
ably, supported by two rows of chains on
each side,* were link bridges. # Wlre cable3
came from the United States • about
1815. Some of these bridges collapsed, al
most all. e. «:: the Sardine bridge at Fri
bourjr. Switzerland, with a span of 2l»
meters, (SJO feet) had to be reinforced—
Boston Transcript. •
Some of the Oldest and
Most Famous Bridges.
*? F you would enjoy good health you
j| must strictly refrain from kissing
ii any one.
Such -If. the motto of a nexs league
which has just been formed in France,
the object of which is to secure leglsla*
tion that will in future make the act of
kissing" a misdemeanor except under
ppecially defined conditions. Not on the
ground of morality do the founders of the
league ask that kissing be prohibited, but
on the ground that osculation, as now
habitually indulged in. is a constant
menace to the public health.
"These persons," writes Maurice
Spronch. "want to prevent parents from
kissing their children and children from
fcissing their parents, and, if they have
their way, a!l those who were wont to
distribute a few kisses dally among their
friends and relatives will In future be de
barred from testifying- to their love and
affection in this old-fashioned and de-
IiKhtful manner.
"Betrothed couples. -will be permitted to
kiss each other only once before mar
riage, as it is feared that, if they kiss
more often, one of them may transmit to
the ether some germs' of an infectious
disease. How often they will be permit
ted to kiss after marriage the . founders
«f the league do not inform us; neither
do they uay how they propose to find out
¦wTictber married couples, who .are really
in love with each other, strictly, obey the
anti-klsslng law.- Will- they employ agents
or spies, arid thus ascertain whether the
public health is being f ndanger£d by mar
ried people kissing each other?
"If kissing goes out of fashion, those
who desire to give evidence of conjugal
and material affection, will be obliged to
content themselves with shaking hands
after the English fashion, and in such an
event it may" be asked whether It would
not be well to 'pass a law ordaining that
no one shall indulge in this form of greet
ing whose hands have not been first thor
oughly purified by means of a solution
of phenic acid or of bichloride of mercury-
In any case it looks now as though a bot
tle of disinfectants would be the most ac
ceptable present that . any young man
could make to his sweetheart."
Of course it Is dread of the ubiquitous
microbe which caused this singular league
to start on Its novel crusade, and from
the indefatigable manner in which its
founders are going to work there is rea
son \o hope that the microbe of kissing,
which would doubtless be styled by : sci
entists "bacillus osculatorius," will be
discovered at an early date. If so,; young
persons may be so inoculated that kissing
¦will do them no harm. Meanwhile ,. the
general opinion of unscientific persons
throughout France is: that the; league,"" no
matter what it does, will be utterly pow
erless to prevent* parents, /children and
sweethearts from kissing each other
whenever- and wherever they -please,
microbes or.no microbes. ' . .-. - -
"Kissing Microbes" Now
Seem to Be Dreaded.
OTTO EGGELING, a well/ known
German aquarist, says goldfish can
easily be kept alive for yeara pro-
vided the aquarium is supplied with
a sufficient number of aquatic plants, so
that the imuuilties exhaled by. the fish
are Inhaled by the plants, and vice versa.
One should counterbalance the other, thus
keeping the water fresh and pure. ; ! '
To Illustrate his remarks ' Mr. Eggellng
showed a large aquarium irt his room in
which there were about. 200 fish. of differ
ent varieties, besides turtles and . frogs.
Among these were some, valuable. Japa
nese goldfish, costing, he said; from' $£> to
,$20 apiece. • - • •
, "Now . he.re," . said Mr. .Eggellng. "are
fish that I have had for seven .years; and
they are easily good for seven more. '¦- You
see the aquarium _is. well ; filled with
IF YOU HAVE GOLDFISH HERE IS THE WAY
TO CARE FOR THEM.
aquatic. plants, and so thick is' the growth
at the bottom that It' Is' .'almost -totally
dark ahere.,, That Is • the great point to be
observed 'in .vjoariums. People come .to
me. constantly and complain that their
fish are. dying off -one by one. When I
sec their aquariums and, note the weak
plant! [they have; in them I can see the
reason 'at once. ' . . ¦ f '-'¦ \" '
"But. thero. Is another. point equally im
portant, and that is,,too much-food., Most
lovers of goldfish want to make sure' that
the"°"flsh . do not starve, arid consequently
they give them more than enough of food.
for the food at once and eat It eagerly
they/; a re hungry, and a little more food
wcn't>urt them.""
'I asked Mr. Eggellng if it was neces
sary to refill Ihe aquarium every day
with fresh water. . ' '
"Not" at all." he sald.> -."Once a-om'onth
is enough if. the aquarium is' "well filled
with- sand >and plants. "To put -in fresh
water every day would chill the fish arid
bring on sickness, is 'the easiest, thing
in the world to keep an aquarium, and
another • thin jr*Tiot "to be* lost of Is
that it ; is r healthy to .keep one* in yojur
"Fish suffer from : indigestion as. well
as we do, and a great-many of them'dle
from It: " If the', fish aye - fed ¦ three times
a week it is enough and then only:afew
pinches, of food should be placed on the
surface ;cf tho water. If they -come up
rooms. -.'.iYou '.know ; there -are always im
purities in. the air. The 'water in , the
aquarium ; attracts these. Impurities', arid
the" fish" thrive" on them as well' as the
plants.^ Hence the air 'in the room is
kept 'purified thereby." •
,.¦-_.-... /. , . ¦ _
also i dollar. The place was opened In Oc
tober, 1S53, and became a popular resort at
once.
Carriage fare cut a very Important fig
ure with amusement seekers In those. days |
and, from one of the earliest carriage
owners of* the cily. Colonel Charles Kelly,
the writer has iccelved much valuable in- "
formation. It Is this genial .veteran's
proudest boast that he never let a man in
or out of a hack for less than $2.50.,
On' Christmas eve there was a granrl '
opening night at t'.tt new Metropolitan
Theater, located on the" west side of Mont
gomery street, between Washington and
Jnckson. The lesse- for the first six
months was Mrs. C. N. Sinclair, formerly
Mrs. Edwin Forrest, who had been lessee
or San Francisco Hall a short .time and
took the company from the .last naracl
house to support James E. Murdoch.
During, 1854 many eminent artists ap
peared at the new theater, the, most noted
of' whom were Anna Thlllon. Laura
Keene, Ole Bull, Mine. Anna Bishop, the
Batemnn family, S. W. Leach. A." S.
Xeafie, Mr. and Mrs. Barney "Williams
and Robert Bochsa. '
.Optra- came thick nnd fast in the . flr<t
half of the year 'and musical .attractions
of' all kinds were conspicuously prosper
ous during, the last -half. Anna Thillon's
corps of artists included Julia Gould, S.
"NV. Leach, Messrs. Roncovieri and Hud-
Edwin :Bfoth. Laura Keene. D. C. And
erson, James 'Milne, Kate Hayes. Kate
Denin. C. R. Thorne and family and other
notable players sailed for Australia In the
summer of 1835, and Signora Barill Thorn,
with Miss M. Pattl, Signors Scola! Lan
zqnl and Bassani, arrived October 3L
They opened !n "ErnaniV at the Metro
politan November . 14, 1S54. Mme. Barili
Thorn made a' Ions stay in the city, and It
was .with this company at the Metropoli-
There are some interesting incidents to
relrtle about tho artists who found San
Francisco a little wild and woolly. Papa
Eateman." incensed at a criticism 01 his
children, which . appeared in. the Chron
icle, got His little gun and fired several
shots at Frank Soule on June SO. and on
July 6 the unsuccessful gunner was fined
$300 for being such a bad shot. •
Mr. and Mrs. Barrtey Williams arrived
In September, when" Walter Leman made
his first appearance at the Metropolitan.
Christy's Minstrels appeared first at Mu
sical Hall October 23 and* left for the East
December 16. leaving Dan Bryant. Eph
Horn and S.' C. Campbell here.
Notr.ble arrivals thla.yecr were Charles
Burke, a ,baif brother of Joseph Jeffer
fon, and . the original Rip Van Winkle,
Susan and KateDenin, George Ryer. the
Montplaisir Ballet Troupe, Laura. Keene
and the Batemnn children, who. of all the
attractions mentioned, made the best re
cord against the operatic boom.^^
Barili Thorn in the beginning of 1S3*>. .Al!
of the- companies mentioned above ap
peared at the Metropolitan, but Mnv_\
Cailly with the Planet Company. gave a
French opera season beginning May 4 at
the Union. ,; ; ;.\. ."-'-V-* ''¦'<?
.The prices of irtmls^ion for nil m-jsic:il
affairs, particularly the operatic enttr
tainmentf, were maintained at a surpris
ingly high standard for a long: time and
the records of business up to the arrival
of O!e Bull and Mam Ice Strakosch an-i
Ions: after their first appen-ance July 21.
»t th*i Metropolitan, shows that the regu
lar dramatic 'attraction:* got considerably
the worst cf the competition. In fact,
lack of patronage caused the closing of
the first American Theater, ¦¦which, after
being used fcr all sorts of speculative ven
tures and benefits, ttts torn down soon
after J. H. Vlnson's and I. M. McClos
ky's benefit en July 2. 1S51. Work was Im
mediately coihmenced on the new Ameri
can, which was opened just five n ontbs
later by J. A. Neafle. Prices were raised
a little too hlsh fend .•educe.l a short tim*s
after tho "opening. •
The firxt summer garden, or "al frerco"
resort, jis it w;is called in those days, was
located on the corner of Si^th and Har
rison streets and was called Russ Gar
dens. The price of admission was' $1, and
regular fare by carriage from the Plaza
or intermediate points to the gardens w»s
At this time Donnelly's Minstrels, which
organization had been playing at the
Adelph!. changed the title to the San
Francisco Minstrels. Under an appropri
ate heading thid company, as well a3 sim
ilar pioneer combinations, wiir be men
tioned in detail.
her favorite? In the early fifties. ' On the
occasion of Mrs. A. F. Baker's benefit at
the American August 4, 1£53, the lady was
presented with a beautiful silver service
valued at J400. Mrs. Judah's benefit oc
curred at the tame theater on the Sth,
and her friends, to emphasize their pref
erence, gave her a gold and silver service
valued 3t ?12'M. v
The arrival of the then celebrated actor
James K. Murdoch and his first appear
ance August 22 at the American, for which
prices were again raised, was the most
important dramatic event of the year
The elder Booth had gone back to th
Kast long before this date, but Edwin, af
ter a barn-storming tour, embracing the
mining towns, was again in the city. Mur
doch took a benefit at the American ten
days after his debut, and six days later
the young actor, who was destined to be
come a greater favorite than Murdoch
had ever been, took a modest testimonal
at San Franci^To Hall. As an instance of
the manner in wh'ch eminent act**ts
worked their personal popularity inthose
days, let it be known that the great star
took another benefit the nicht following
Edwin Booth's.
The Planel French Opera Company, the
first well-equioped organization of its
class to appear in San Francisco, present
ed "La Fille du Regiment" September IS
at the .ndelphi. Dupont street, and con
tinued a successful engagement up to De
cember 15. The rtoussct Family, an ex
cellent ballet company, had been giving
remarkably tine presentations at the
American at short intervals during this
same period, and this clever company
•gave the first pan.tomime, "The Millers,"
at the same house October 1, on which
date the name of Armory Hall was temp
orarily changed to the Olympic. Old tim-^
ers should not got this confused with the
later Olympic, which was oh the north
east corner of Kearny, and .Clay streets,
and had half a dozen other names during
Its occupancy as a variety theater.
Tight-rope ascensions were made from
Jackson street to the top of the Inter
national Hotel nightly, and angry alter
cations between players, managers and
musicians were published in the daily
papers, but business was only fair all
around. w Everything brightened up. how
ever, about holiday time, and 1SC6 started
off with great promise.
Negr.-> minstrelsy seems t*> have had the
call on heavy patronage at this time, and
there. wero joine fine performances at San
Francisco Hall. ThCSan Frahci?co' Min
strels made a strong bid for public favor
by", engaging Julia Gould to appear In"
black-face, and there were two sensa
tional tendered to each other
by this company and the Backus Min
strels, which organization sailed for^Aua
tra'ia August 8.
There was evidently a brisk competi
tion for business at the Metropolitan and
the American in the fall of '5?, for then
occurred the first reduction of prices to
the scale of 23 cents to a. dollar at- tho
last named theater and also at the Union.
Booth. Louise Paullin and^ Susie Robin
son appeared in September, and tho first
mention of Lizzie Gordon was made at
that time.
There is no record of new theaters in
1S5"», and the American had a rather mild
season until the Ravel-Martinettis with
Gabriel Ravel. Mons. Blondln. eight of
the great Aiartinett'3 and a dozen other
clever artists appeared November 7. Tha
Union was also a rather uncertain quan
tity, ani as Hs rechristening as the Peo
ple's was thought to be a hoodoo, its
name was ci.fiiged back to the Union.
Notable first appearances " this year
were. Jean Davenport, who opened at th»
Metropolitan March 12, and whose last
engagement was closed prematurely by
her sudden Illness; Ricbard M. Hooley
and John Smith minstrels, Miss Goddard.
Mr. and Mrs." Caples from Australia, tho
Gougenhelm sisters, Caroline Hamilton,
MeKean Buchanan, F. B. Glover. Charles
Schultz, • the great Ravc!-Martinetti
troupe, Sam Wells, Billy Birch, Max
Tozer. Ed Deaves, C. Henry, Marie Duret
and J. If, Leroy.
amusements" were specially Interdicted,
and on June 2"I> Managers Maguire, Horn,
and Smith of San Francisco Hall. Trench
and Baker of the Metropolitan and Dun
lap end bowling of the American wero
nrrested for violation of the- law. On the
2Sth"of July the eases were dismissed, and
San Francisco's first attempt to muzzlo
the theaters was a dismal failure.
The artl.«t3, who went to Australia In
the summer of 1S.""4, returned to America
in March and, "April of th*> following year
ar.d appeared at the various theaters, Ed
win Booth making his reappearance Zlay
2 at the Metropolitan.
A law forbidding Sunday performances
was passed- and went Into effect on tho
27th cf May. "Noisy and barbarous
A ctmbinatlon of the" E. P. Christy and
the Rrrtr.s Minstrel* was' mat* e early in
January, I*w."j, and under the, name of
Christy & Backus a particularly fine com
pany opened, at ¦ San Fra nc*.-<co Hall on
A great dramatic event occurred on
February 3 at the Ameri'-an. when "Rich
ard III" was plnyefl by five Richards, as
follows: Flr.?t act. Harry Sedley; second
not, A. J.I Neafle? third act. T. K. Hann;
fourth act. J. AV. Thomrn; .fifth act,
Charles Wheatlelch..
tan on the ?d of March. V">. that Car
lotta Patti ma'le her debut on any staga
as a pianiste. Her first appearance aa a
•vocalist was made at the ITnton June 1.
when she sang Schubert's "Serenade." It
will be remembered that Carlotta Pa'ttl
was a sister of. Adolina and aj twin slater
of Carlo Pattl. the violinist who died
about twenty years ago in St. Louis. Dur
ing this entrJSement of Zlrr.c Barili
Thorn there was a little nirl who resem
bled Carlotta. but w.t3 much prettier, run
ning around at rehearsals. It la said that
this was Adelina. the celebrated operatic
artiste, then 12 years of ape. who had
made her- debl:t as a car cert rinrrcr three
years before. It is hardly possible that
this is true, as at this. time Adelir.a Is on
rtcord as touring the AWst Tnd!e3 with.
•GottschalX.. the celebrated pianist. Had
she been with the L'urili Thorn company
It. is- very likely that she would have been
heard in public, as she;hacl a'ready made
her dejttnt in New York and won fame in
the British provinces wl,th O'e Bull and
ftrnkcsch. who. by a peruIlaT coincidence,
finished thrirensas^mcpta in fan Fran
cist O a few weeks hefore the arrival of
the Farlli Thorn company.
Musical Hall, a handsomely appointed "
temple of amusement, located on Bush
street, between Sansome and Montgom
ery, was opened July 26. 1S53, by the Pa
cific Musical Troupe, a local organisa
tion consisting of Mrs. hama Jones, Miss
M. Leach, J. Beutler and J. C, Smith,
with George Loder as conductor. This
hall was for a long time exclu
sively to concerts and lectures.
San Francisco appreciated all deserving
artists and was notoriously' generous to.*
ried to I. B. Hull at Mission Dolores
The first important dramatic event of
this year was the appearance of Lola
Montez at the American May 26, for
•which engagement prices were advanced
to $3. This celebrated actress was mar-
Commercial street, near Kearny, had been
finished and it was opened by Mme. Fe
lice and company with a 'French drama
on May 22. This theater was soon after
called the Union.
Meanwhile the new French Theater on
magnificent gold card by enthusiastic ad
mirers, came back for a second series of
eight concerts and a final series of. three,
all within two months. This extremely
obliging !ady consented to take a fare
well benefit from the Fire Department on
Slay 14. 1&3.
announcement for Miska Hauser's ton
cert at San Francisco Hall, February 9.
3S3, was made, and after this had been
given Miss Hayes, who had made her
farewells and had been presented with a
Information of Interest to old Califor
nians is found in the fact that Mrs.
Jiidah tMrs. John Torrence) made her
first appearance in San Francisco April
34. liZ2. at the third Jenny Lind Theater;
c!so that the first Chinese magicians and
jugglers appeared October 8 at the Anfer
ican. and on the ISth the Hong Took Tong
Dramatic Company of 123 performers
opened at the game theater. On the 23d
of December the first Chinese theater was
cpened on Dupont street, near Green.
Before the excitement over the Kate
Hayes concerts had fairly subsided the
concerts to tremendous business. The
house had been opened by Mme. Blscac
ciar.ti November 22. 151.2. and this popular
artist gave several remunerative concerts
at the game place during the Kate Hayes
boom. It is proper to state here. In order
to avoid argument, that the name San
Francisco Hall was changed later on to
San Francisco Theater for a short time,
and it was finally rechristened Maguire's
Opera-house.
After the ninth regular concert Miss
Hayes, having changed her location to
San Francisco Hall, on the north side of
Washington street, diagonally opposite
Uunbar alley, gave twenty-six costume
This affair created so much excitement
that the sale of seats for the third con
cert brought the enormous sum of JllS
for the first choice, purchased by Empire
Engine Company No. 1. On Decembor
16th Miss Hayes* seventh concert was
given fcr the benefit of the Firemen's
Charitable Fund, the first choice having
been bought by Sam Brannan for $50).
•while other premiums swelled the sale to
J1200 advance. The next night the fu:vl
hud an $15.00 premium sale.
During the first half of 1S2 great inter
est was manifested in musical entertain
ments. There was excellent patronage
for high-class concerts at all times and
the Alleghanianc played wherever th.-y
couid get an open date from the Adelphl
to Grace Church. Operatic concerts by
local artists, performances, by Rainkr
and Donaldson's Minstrels and by Buck
ley s Sercnaders, wincing up with benefits
a.i around for the last named combina
tions of talent, an oratorio for a church
benefit and a French opera company In
combination with a regular dramatic or
ganization, prepared the music-lovirs
citizens fcr the advent of Kate Hayes,
whose first appearance here in concert
occurred Xovemfct-r 30 at the American.
with prices at S3. $3 and J2. according to
.
location.
In the earliest records of thaatrirals in
Sacramento and subsequently In the front
rank of managerial speculators in Sa:i
Francisco, we f.r.d Charles Thorne tir.
notably prominent. First among the ven
turesome players who brotirtt celebrities
to tfci* coast Mr. Thorne made trip *fl"r
trip Ea^t. sometime? remaining her*" only
Ions fruugh lo fee 4he people he ha>l
brought v-ith him fairly at -work in their
new fit-Id befr-re he Vas tway again by
cither the Panama or the Nicaragua
route after more talent. Mr. Thorne w.*-*
not only an «-r.torpri!?iiig catero- fcr the
amusement-seeking public but an acto
6f rare merit ar.d tzrrdl versatility.
many who for obvious reasons mu-=t
be passed for the present with slight no
tice. If Indeed their nsimes are mentioned.
There were several prominent actcr-ma'i
agen;, however, so Intimately associated
with amusement enterprises that it Is
proper to mention them honorably, while
Cfvteg due credit to Thomas Magutre for
his superior enterprise and liberality.
JN addition to the large number of emi
nent players already mentioned n
connection with .the earl" theatrical
history of San Francisco there were
THE; SUNDAY; CALL.
12
son, with George Loder as director. They
grave a" season. of English opera up-t>
April 5, then with the substitution "of
Mme. Racine, Messrs. - Laglalse. Coulon.
Bonnet, Gamini and Roncovieri, Mm; 1 .
Thillon gave a short French season of
five nights, ; a'nd a . secqnd English season
of two weeks: Kate Hayes in the mean
time organized • ah Italian ¦ company, but
her season was ! ; closed "owing to her 111
ness. Madame Anna Bishop, however,
toolf. the same artists .wlta a few rein
forcements and played 'six short seasons
before "Bhe .^Joined forces with Mme.
Early day Theatrical in San franciscoContinued on Pag« Fourteen*
second ; division '¦ of / the . {fleet under/the
command Jofv Admiral Collelettl • has \ ar^
rived'at , Benghazl l \Tripol!.i A'demohstra
; has -| been I made for : the ; purpose*i^f
putting 'pressure t upon, the ''Porte^ forj the
establishment "of ' an • Italian > postofflce. : -.
Desire -. for ,the r EstablishmeitT of \ a
Postofnce Causes a Naval Demon
•;.*' r'\ iBtfatibn- NeariTripolL'iX
; j ROME.i; March^ 23.— It 1 is; stated '. that "the
WARSHIPS OF ITALY
THE PORTE
Russian and His Wife Arrested After
Extraordinary Record of -Crime --.
in Three Years.
BERLIN, March 23.— In the province of
WolhyniaJ South Russia, an old man anil
his wife have been arrested and charged
with the , murder of twenty-four persona
wiihin the past three years. The village
of Kalinocka, where these -. persons lived,
is not far from a well-frequented railway,
but the; authorities- knew nothing. of th>
crimes until they were discovered by'accl
denV;; " .\'{. :.¦ .'; . ,¦¦ ',"¦._ ;.' .¦'.-,,. s ...[
¦•The two were in the habit of traveling
through the provinces of "Wolhynla, Kher
son and ; Eessarabia, dealing in love ; phil
ters','' and-it is believed,' in poisons. | They
confess to twenty-four murders by ' Vio
lence, but the police believe that'; the \ list
of the murderers' victims by poison , Is
greater. , V ; /, "
In Bessarabia, "~ near -the fortress- of
Bender,; the authorities have happened on
a ;grave;of a number: of persons,\ whej
judging I by \ the': position ' of = their^ bodies,
niust ; have (been burled i alive. It > is •.be
lieved that • they , are members of the sect
of self-lmmolators,,, who * suddenly ' disap
peared . from. ¦ the neighborhood "ot. Bender
"some years ago. The police are searching
for" two .women^.who,: at oneitime.f were
leaders of the r sect. -.but disappeared as
soon as the grave was. discovered.
TWENTY-FOTJB MURDERS
CHARGED AAOAINST THEM
: Forged rWill Is Produced.
' "Shortly after Mrs. Townsend's death a
forged will was sent through the mall to
Miss Nellie 'Rattigan, Mrs. Townsend's
former, companion,' but the forgery was
so -poorly executed that no one could b«
-found who would stand sponsorvfor the
document. And this, the. 'destroyeC will*
story,, Is not the only means being taken
advantage of. by claimants and others In
the, effort- to force Mrs. Murray to part
with a' portion of her estate.
"Not long . ago an advertisement ap-
"Coburn and his counsel are aware that
Mrs. Townsend never executed a win.
Diligent search was made for a tes
tament immediately after her death.
Former Presiding Judge Bahrs. M. C
Hassett, attorney for the Public Admin
istrator, " and • I searched through Mrs.
Townsend's papers at the Safe Deposit
and also .In her safe at the Savings and
Loan Society, but no trace of a will was
found. A thorough search of the dece
dent's late home was also made, with like
result." Rumors of a lost will caused th«
search referred to. The story of a lost
will* Is not new.t'o us, neither is it to airs.
Murray.
"If ; this Is Coburn's plan, however.*"
said Mr. Sullivan, "it would be wise for
him to-.withdraw his petition at once. The
threat has been made that this estate will
be kept in court for five years and more
if necessary not by Coburn, it Is true, but
his^petition so closely follows the utter
ance, of the threat that It Is certainly sig
nificant.
Matt Sullivan of the firm of Sullivan &.
Sullivan denounced Coburn's petition yes
terday "as'ahother attempt upon th© part
of displeased collateral heirs of th« de
ceased to worry Mrs. Murray and if pos
sible to force her to compromise with him
and other claimants."
"a burned and destroyed will executed in
the presence of Ella F. Murray and Cyrus
W. Carmany." In making this allegation
Coburn not only Indirectly accuses Mrs.
Murray of having destroyed the will of
her deceased mother, which. If committed,
is a felony, but also, by implication,
charges her and Cyrus "W. Carmany of
having committed perjury upon the hear
ing of the petition for letters of adminis
tration, for they, swore that no will was
in existence and that they had no- knowl
edge of one.havtns been executed.
THE DECEDENT AND THOSE
WHO ARE FIGHTING FOR
HER ESTATE.
Coburn theyj were upon" to
place^thelr * slgTwturesV thereupon i as ; wit
neaBts. .' ThjsV-j important ii office, V .1 it i •. Is
averred. \was ¦,. performed *" : byiCMaryJ Roq
and Richard • Roe." ['.^ After,'.lts ? executtonT
j3end ini the .presence ; of Mrs; v MufrayTand
Cyrus \VvV? Carmany,^ It; lsiriot ; averred? by
B— — -Y innuendo, Mrs.' Ella F. Murray
jj has been charged, -In 'an action
i • filed in ; the Superior . Court; with
: — /having -destroyed the; last will
and testament of her. mother, ; tlie
late Mrs. Almira S. Townsend. In apetl-
tion ¦ filed yesterday " morning Joseph ' W,
Coburn, , decedent's^ brother, indlrectlyj
though unmistakably, , accuses Mrs. Mur
ray, ¦ daughter . and \ sole heir of the de
ceased. .; ... ' .' ¦ ., ;, ['; ¦ . .: ;' ." .¦ :> , '
In his petition prays '. that "an
alleged destroyed will, executed ; : he avers,
by Mrs.. Townsend in : July of- 1894, : be ad
mitted.to probate. ; Thls'Sfjll.'? he. claims
was burned - and - destroyed : 'on }* July. 22,
1900. at ¦ the i home; of -,thie deceased, •¦ 1221
California street, by "Mary? Ro^ and John
T>qe/\ thfb niuijhly. sued - fictitious defend
ants. As Mrs.- Murray was ? the 'only 'per
son wlthrtheVnatural "'or',' legal -right \t»
examine or take, under- control the, private
documents ajid r effects of th'3'decease.l,
and, as; she. was -the. only person with the
knowledge of -their whereabouts and with
free access, to the same, her Attorneys,
Sullivan '& Sullivan/; manifested no hesi
tancy yesterday in .expressing^ their, .^ew
that ¦•J'Mary 1 . Roa" Is 'meant to' be .hone
other than 1 Mrs.* Elia'P^ Murray; arid Sul
livarr & Sullivan' also manifested .no, hesi
tancy. In^asserting thai had. the complain
ant, Joseph W. f Coburn, "^verifled his [pet!
itlon,-or in 'other- words; sWorn i that*-his
allegations were true," they', wculd forth^
with move against him jin; the v criminal
courts. .. - -
m Under -the,.vlaw Qoburniwastnot";com- :
pelled to ; verify his petition. - His "allega
tions simply ' raise "the" Issues* upon which
the court* must, pass.* He 'jls % hence evasive
in makes no direct alle
gations against' any one, tut v leaves" the
impression^ that the crime of destroying a
will "was',, committed ''on ' July;*22,'''lOOO, ¦ at
1221 California street," by Ella F. '.Murray.
Names^ Alleged Legatees. J .
.; 'In, his petition, as; before' stated,^ Coburn
alleges that^ in ; July J of -1894 • Mrs. . Town
send executed \ a Cwlll: • The ) execution ''of
the * Instrument, '¦, he contends, ;; was j In . the.
presence 'of ¦' Mrs. j Murray and iCyrus : W.'
Carmany,* Vsecfetary/iof -arid
Loan 8oclety," f who for* years was ' the' con
fidential agent of the deceased. '
• In' this vwill,". Coburn -'continues, h© was
oequea^thed,* $25,000,*., and >wIth'-> him; in \ the
testament, there were" named . as legatees,
Forrest"^ Coburn/-' a*i brother, V^of /V Seattle ;
Mrs." Ellen M. Quic^i a 'sister; |'resldlxQt[aV
219 "Bergin Tstree£*r Brooklyn, * N.V: Y. ; ! MxsV;
Anna' Forshblmjl a' sister, of , 639 l^exlngtcn
"avenue,"; 1 New >York; ' Mrs. ; Alonzo ; Qulmby,
a- slater,"; residing: f on- Clemsford : ; street."
hear c Pla^nu ; Lowell, 5 Mass. ; v Mrs. Charles
C, Bradford, ;aslster,^6f 43 street,*
East' Boston/ Mass. ," and ' Charles 1 C' Brad
ford "of East Boston; ; Mass. *.<*; ' ' , v J , ':¦'. ' ' _ . .^
'?._ Though the alleged 1 destroyed testament
was executed,* It Is alleged,' by- Mrs.] Towh-
- In a recent .. argument before Superior
Judge Troutt It became necessary for Mrs/
Murray to, take;. the stand to offer testl-'
mony in 'support of a condition alleged
by counsel to .exlsL Mrs.; Murray took
the 'stand, and- under oath testified that
the. Public Administrator had "demanded
$5000 from • her. In' return for . his promise
to quit ¦ his pursuit of her, and to abandon
his claims to any portion of her mother's
estate." 'J'And," Mrs. Murray, testified, V'it
was told me that If I did not pay the $5000
demanded my mother's, estate would be
kept in the courts for five years and more
If -necessary."' ! • • Vv*
;- During; this recent hearlngf^ before the
Superior Court It • also ' became necessary
to refer* to certain testimony offered dur
ing the ; hearing '; of the petition of Mrs.
Murray* for •' letters \ of administration. ' A
review, of this testlmonV.showed that Mrs.
Murray had 1 testified that the deceased left;
no' will: ? that ' Cyrus W. Carmany testified
"poirttlvely - although ' Mrs. Townsend
i had at one, time]. requested him" to draft a
jWill, : sh«;' never followed her - request, by
thft'expresslon of a desire to execute the
same 'and that : hence,; so far as , the wit
ness jknew"^.. the 'died : intestate. '" John .T.
HarmVs.twho/also; acted as ¦ an t agent for
Mrs-Townsend," was equally positive^that'
iln. *' Townsend ' did ¦ not leave a will and
he so* testified. . • : \^
•' , Coburn's - Indirect • Charges. ,
v In\ th'e ! t aco "¦ of ¦ this • evldencej Joseph W.
.Coburn;. represented .by/ Attorney^ Herman
'J.^Custer.-with it'C.'Bates as counsel, has
filed ; a ' pentlori^ «Uns 'f of 'the probate "' of
'^-"^¦'¦¦¦ ; '^^':'':' : '^ '.'" *'-'¦ ¦' \ v -~ *"•¦¦'¦¦ v- '¦'
istrator.
' Almira S. Townsend died leaving an es
tate which;* according to the petition filed
by CoburnV is worth $700,000. Shortly be :
fore Mrs. '.Townserid's death Ella F. Mur
ray,;her daughter, came to this city from
Boston and announced that she Intended
to ; make'- San Francisco her future home.
Upon the. .death of Mrs.' Townsend Mrs.
Murray filed application for letters of ad
ministration .upon the • estate of • her. de-*
ceased parent. Her petition was contested
by the Public Administrator pn the ground
that she was, not a 'resident of this. State
and '" was, hence not entitled , to letters of
' administration as prayed. Evidence In
'support of and in opposition to Mrs. Mur
ray's petition was heard. by Judge Dunne,
who rendered a decision la favor qf the
petitioner and against- the. Public Admin-
is relying for support upon' Ella F. Mur
ray and Cyrus \7. Carmany , : a glance at
the transcript of testimony taken during
the *¦ heaViiig ot the petitions of Ella F.
Murray, and Public. Administrator Boland
for letters of administration upon the es
tate of the deceased will demonstrate the
frailty^of his case.. . ... .,/!,X ¦
• ¦ i . Mrs. Murray Wins a' Point. '
• At least '. two competent witnesses can
be produced to ! prove the contents of the
will, Coburn alleges. "Who these witnesses
are his counsel refuses to" state, but If he
the petition continues, the testament was
kept In the California-street residence un
til after the death of Mrs. Townsem'.
Then, it Is asserted, "Mary Roe and John
Doe" consigned It to the flames.
TIENTSIN, March ; 21. —The .Germans
have ousted, the Chinese imperial troops
from the passes on ; the ChiH-Shansi fron
tier and Intend summering in the vicinity
of Shanhaikwan. ' v
Chili-Shansi Frontier.
Emperor's Troops Take Passes on the
GERMANS OUST CHINESE.
General Gaselee, who has been in com
mand of the British- troops at • Pekinsr,
has arrived here.
SHANGHAI, March 23.— There Is no con
flrmation of the reoorted concentration
of Russian Varships In Kprean waters or
of the rumored mobilization of the Japan
ese fleet. While foreign circles here gen
erally deny that an outbreak of hwftdi
ties'will occur the Chinese are satisfied
that. Japan is determined to resist, Rus
sian designs on Manchuria. ,
sia's Taking Manchuria.
Expected to .Forcibly Object to Rus-
JAPAN TO RESIST DESIGNS.
. and Again Retire.
• LONDON, March 24.-The~ Sunday Sp3
cial's Tientsin corresoondent says: •_ .¦ "A
new and unfortunate hitch has occurred
in the Anglo- Russian siding dispute. After,
both parties ..had withdrawn.t'accordlng
tb agreement,' the Russians.suddenly,'re
turned"- to the disputci" spot ;and planted
flags "over all theUerritor'y. -.They l after
ward^ again retired, cleaving the flags fly
ihg."''" : **;" : Vv- •.. t; 'jv» .I'-Z'fi , : . '^
The Berlin correspondent of -'the Siin-,
day Special says: "The settlement of the
siding dispute was the 'work of Count von
Waldereee, who Interfeied at the special
request^of. Emperor William, the latter
considering that the maintenance o:
friendly relation* between all the mem
bers of the International force was clearly
within the scope of Von Waldersee's du
ties as commander-ln-chlef.""
Plant Flags Over Disputed Territory
RUSSIANS KETTTRN TO SIDING.
cles here over the Chinese situation
Japan's action in sounding: the powers has
demonstrated, according to an official who
discussed the matter to-day, that none of
them Is willing to do more than perfunc
torily object/to the Russian treaty, I and
this has aroused suspicion, ' the official
added, that Great Britain and Germany
may use its ' signature as . a ' pretext for
the acquisition of Chinese territory.
"The latest developments permit only
a pessimistic view to be taken of the Chi
nese situation," said an official to-day.
"Though .Russia knows that the United
States and other powers object to the
treaty which she Is' urging China to sign,
she . has not withdrawn it, but merely
modified it to meet some of the objections
made. This Government, in response to
an inquiry from Japan, has announced
its opposition to the powers making par- I
tlcular or secret arrangements with China,
but it will not go further than to morally
exercise its Influence to prevent the Chif
nese Government from binding Itself to
terms which contemplate the loss of ter
ritory-'.'
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. ,N.
W., WASHINGTON/ March 1 23.— Gloomy
forebodings are entertained In official cir-
¦ *~ — -, •' ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gloomy Forebodings Due to
Czar's Treaty to Control .
Manchiiria.
Britain and Germany
May Follow Lead
ofRussia.x
POWERS READY
TO JOIN GRAB
GAME IN CHINA
InfJffeM]^ of Having Burned
DfeGedeht^s^estarnent and Questions Truth of State
ments^ Made /Under Oath by Her and C. W. Carmany
COBURN CHARGES THAT THE WILL
OF THE LATE ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND
WAS CONSIGNED TO THE FLAMES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY^ MARCH 24, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLFXE iLXXXIX— NO. 114.
CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO BY RUSE
IS THE MOST DANGEROUS MISSION
UNDERTAKEN BY GENERAL FUNSTON
Plan of the Daring Officer Is to Be Taken Before the Insur
gent Chieftain as a Prisoner and Upon Signal to Turn
the Tables — Gunboats Sent to Aid in the Venture
BRIGADIER GENERAL FREDERICK FUNSTON OF KANSAS, CUBA AND s
THE' PHILIPPINES. WHO HAS UNDERTAKEN TO CAPTURE 'AOUI-
J*AZ.r>O BY BOLD AKD MOST DANGEROUS STRATEGY.
/ The 'striking .dock . laborers "have • In
formed \the ¦" Mayor, that ¦ the arbitration
proposals have been accepted, r arid 'the as-f
sembly! of engineers has authorized Mayor
Flissieres jto act as intermediary' between
them" and their employes^ • '.""''*•
pal Councilors, a dispatch was received
from M. Waldeck-Rousseau, the . French
Premier, • announcing the masters had
agreed to arbitration respecting such
points of the .dispute . as were open to
negotiations. '', ~~^
/Two representatives of the strikers were
present.at the meeting and accepted 'the
proposed arbitration, provided, It -was ap
proved by the general assembly of the
strikers. The Councilors then called ion
the Prefect '. and begged him" to '. withdraw
or-conceal the troops In thectyy.'^In view
of the negotiations the Prefect consented
tofconceal^the troops, ¦- the r Councilors
promising > to * influence ?".the'<-*strike'rs : : to
cease; further disorders. :
MARSEILLES. March- 23/-The strike
situation here took a more favorable turn
this afternoon. At the meeting In the
town hall convoked by the Mayor of Mar
seilles and held last night to consider the
situation, and which was attended by the
Deputies, General Councilors and Munici-
Settlement Is Reached.
Troops Will Be 'Concealed -Until
Authorities Hold a Conference an
MARSEILLES STRIKERS ,V
AGREETO ARBITRATE
The ceremony attending the exchange
of . ratifications and the payment of the
$100,000 warrant was an interesting one.
The Duke of Arcos arrived at the State
Department by appointment at 10 o'clock.
He has. with hlmJJie Spanish version of
the .treaty, handsomely engrossed and
bearing the signature of the Queen -Regent
of Spain and the Spanish royal seal. Mr.
Hay Joined the Minister in "the dlplomatte
room. The officials long in charge in the
execution of treaties and ratifications
were called in. The American text of th-j
treaty, bearing the signature of President
McKinley to the ratification, already had
been prepared. The Queen Regent's rati
fication was handed to Mr. Hay and he
in turn presented to the Duke of Arcos
the ratificatoin executed by President Mc-
Kinley. The .treaties in each case were
handsomely bound, that of Spain being
in red, with the royal arms in gold, while
America's was Jsound In dark biue, bear
ing the national coat of arms. A brief
protocol was then signed. It recited the
formalities of ratification of the treaty,
signed at" Washington, November '7, 1QM,
providing for the cession of any and all
islands , of • the Philippine archipelago,
etc The treasury warrant for $100,000*
had been prepared In? advance and was
handed to the' Spanish Minister. There
was an exchange of felicitations over the
close of the transaction and the Duke o'
Arcos departed . with his $100,000 warrant
and the ratified treaty.
, At the same time a protocol was signed
by Mr. Hay and the Duke, exchanging
ratifications of the treaty' of cession. Tho
specific purpose of the transaction is sai«]
to add the islands of Cagayan-Sulu anJ
Slbutu to the possessions of the United
States.
of the. treaty 'of peace between Spain anl
the United States, of December 19, 1898."
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The Spanish
Minister, the Duke of Arcos, .to-day re
ceived from Secretary ' Hay a .treasury
warrant for 1100,000 and the United State'*
received the. final cession of '.'any and all
islands of the'Pfilllppine archipelago lyins
outside of the line described In" article 3
¦,""*¦' 'i ¦ . , -. V ' '
Is Made Clear.
• Lieutenant Dean of Troop C, Sixth Cav
alry," has engaged a force of Insurgents at
Tubig. Laguna Province, killing several of
them and capturing seven men and twen
ty-four rifles. ' ' '
SPAIN GETS FINAL PAYMENT
TJnde Sam's Title to the Philippines
Colonel. Rosario, with fifty-one men and
fifty-six rifles, has surrendered to Colonel
Baldwin of the Fourth Infantry 'at San
Francisco de Malabon. Cavite Province. ..
Treachery was considered possible, but
every, precaution was taken. ' The troops
In New "Vlscaya and New Kcija and the
gunboats Vicksburg and Albany were to
co-operate with General Funston's force.
The Vicksburg is expected here to-morj
row. \
Colonel Bosario Surrenders.
At the right time, when brought before
Agulnaldo, General Funston was to give a
signal, when the tables were to be turned
and Agulnaldo was to be' seized. A six
days' march into the interior was contem
plated.*
It was arranged that Agulnaldo's emis
sary, with the native scouts, should pass
themselves off as Insurgents, who, having
captured^General- Funston and others,
were taking them as prisoners to Agui
naldo.
Masquerade as Insurgents.
were landed on a remote beach above
Baler.
MANILA. . March 23.— Brigadier
General Frederick Funston has
to capture Agulnal
• do by strategy. In fact, he. 1*
now engaged In the. daring pro
ject, which promises to be the greatest
end most romantic achievement of his
eventful career.
In January, from his hiding place in tha
province of Isabella. Agnunaldo wrote let
ters ar.athema.tiz3p.g the Bub-chlefs who
had taken the oath of allegiance to the
United States. Later Aeufnaldo ordered
the Insurgent forces In Southern Luzon to
Join him et a rendezvous in Isabella prov
ince.
The rebel officer Intrusted with these or- 1
Cers secretly negotiated with the Ameri
cans. On securing the information". Gen
eral Fttnston planned Agulnaldo's cap
ture, and with General Mac Arthur's au
thorization he proceeded two weeks ago
to make the attempt. General Funston,
with Surgeon Major Harris, Captain New
ton of the Thirty-fourth Infantry, Lieu
tenant Admire of the Twenty-second In
fantry, Lieutenant Mitchell of the For
tieth Infantry, six veteran scouts and a
coxn'paisy of native scouts, all picked men.
embarked on the gunboat Vicksburg and
French's column has been attacked be
tween Blood River and Scheepers Nek.
Transvaal Colony. The British had one
man -killed and three wounded. The
bridge at Blood River was burned.
TORNADO DAMAGES
\ PENSACOLA'S SHIPPING
Terrific Wind Sweeps Vessels From
Anchorage and the Beach. Is
Strewn With Wreckage.
PENSACOLA, Fla., March 23.-Great
damage was done by a severe southwest
tornado from 3 to 4 o'clock this morning,
the wind's velocity ranging from.forty
eight to fifty-four miles an' hour. V
¦ The Russian bark ¦ Leltte > was/ driven
against the west side, of Comandehcia
wharf with such violence that all* three
masts of the bark were snapped off. leav
ing her rigging In a tangled mass. Every
vessel in the bay, dragged anchor and the"
Norwegian steamer Tolv was being ' fast
driven ashore when she put on steam and
pulled out into the. stream again. The
Echooner Irene and two lighters loaded
with lumber •were driven ashore ; at -- the
city front. , A • small schooner ¦ capsized,
several lighters loaded with lumber sank
and the beach Is strewn with. the jwreck\
age of small boats and ; drift timber. -
There was an unusually -high, sea, the
water being nearly, level with the wharves
and all the morning" vessels were, tugging,
tossing and pulling at their 4 anchors amid
the tangled mass of wreckage'/ There was
ho damage of consequence ashore and so
far ' as known there was ; no loss \ ot life, i
TOLSTOI MAY LEAVE
RUSSIA IN DISGUST
Report That the Famous "Writer Is
Apprehensive of Political Perse
cution in.- His Country. \
LONDON. March 23.— Count Tolstoi Is
reported to be malcing preparations for
quitting Russia forever fn disgust and de
epair. His English friends are urging him
to settle In this country, it is said. The
report Is scarcely credited, but It comes
from a quarter that Justifies its mention.
The latest direct advices from the great
writer Indicate that while he Is Justly In
dignant at the action of the orthodox
cburcn in procuring his excommunica
tion, and not, wltlfout apprehension that
that action foreshadows political persecu
tion, be entertains not a shadow of doubt
that all considerations of personal dig
nity and devotion to duty require that he
ehould remain at his post. He feels that
expatriation would seriously diminish, his
opportunities and power for usefulness to
his country. _
Convoy Hurrying to Join General
FOUR HITNDBED BOERS
CAPTURE StWPLY TRAIN
French Is Attacked and British
Suffer Slight Losses.
STANDERTON. March* 22.— Four- hun
dred Boers under the Boer commander,
J^uys. have •wrecked a supply train north
cf Vlaklaag-te. They overpowered the
escort and carried off several wagon
loads cf provisions. ,
A convoy hastening to Join General
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Safe Looted by Robbers.
WICHITA. Kans., March 23.— The. safe
In the combination bank and drug store
of Holt & Co. of Geuda Springs, fifty miles
south of here, was blown open, early this
morning and robbed of Its cash contents.
The amount la not known, but some peo
ple place it at $7000.
Cars on the Lines in Pennsylvania
Are Being Loaded With Fuel 1
for Emergency. *
SCRANTON, Pa.. March 23.— President
Mitchell of the United Mine. Workers, ac
companied by District Presidents T. L>.
NIcholls,-T. P. Duffy and John Fahr left
here to-day, ostensibly for New York
Last night Mr. Mitcnell held a long con
ference over the long distance telephone
and it Is believed that the departure of
the Mine Workers" . officials was the re
sult of this interview..
There are indications that the railroads
are preparing for a strike. All the cars
available are being loaded with coal, while
none -are being emptied and returned to
the mines. Consequently many collieries
throughout the region were idle to-day
owing to a scarcity of cars.
RAILROAD EXPECTS
COAL MINERS' STRIKE
COPENHAGEN, March 23.— Queen Al
exandra arrived here to-day, accompanied
by her father. King Christian, and her
sister. Dowager Empress Maria Feodo
rovna of Russia.
Queen Alexandra In Denmark.
in a London Production Fail
of Encourag-ement.
LONDON. March. 23.— According to the
Critic if the management of the Apollo
Theater hoped by the substitution of
Fanchon Thompson for Marie George to
sustain interest in the "Belle of Bo
hemia." they must have been badly dis
appointed with the results of Miss Thomp
son's efforts to-n!ght. ' Miss Thompson
seemed sadly out of place in such oppor
tunities as the music afforded, while In
the rest of her part she was constantly
amateurish and after the first duet was
so nervous that she was unable to respond
to an encore and the tenor was forced to
sing alone.
An expectation, say the critics, that
Miss Thompson's accession will put the
piece on its feet must be early dispelled,
despite the manifest friendliness of to
night's audience.
Efforts of the San Francisco Actress
CRITICS ARE SEVERE
ON FANCHON THOMPSON
HON. JOHN W. FOSTER
. TALKS AT STANFORD
Points Out Evils of Spoils System
as Applied to the Consular
Service.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 23.—
Hon. John W. Foster,-- ex-Secretary of
State, visited Stanford University to-day
as the guest of President Jordan. This
afternoon he addressed • the students in
the university t hapel upon "The Ameri
can Consular Service." He gave a brief
historical sketch of the growth of the
custom of exchanging Consuls between
the civilized nations, and outlined the
rights and duties appertaining to the of-'
floe of Consul.
In closing Mr. Foster said that the
method of choosing foreign officials abln
vogue under our Government savored too
much of the spoils system. The student
who studied hardest for such a position
usually Licked the "pull" necessary to
gain hlnwhe appointment when he was
prepared ~o fill its requirements. How
ever, he felt that it would not be long be
fore the American Government would
send only trained men Into the consular
service. When that was the case young
men would have an inducement to make
the preparation necessary for the peculiar
duties which be-fall the official in foreign
lands. '
ONE PISTOL SERVES
TO END THEIR LIVES
Missouri Bartender and a Woman
Found in a Room .With Bullets
in Their Bodies. .
JOPLIN, Mo., March 23.— Henry Oxeh-
dine,- a bartender of Webb City, Mo., was
found dead in a room at the Hotel Willis
In this city to-night with a bullet through
his heart. By his .aide lay-. Mrs. «, Nettie
Eckels, fatally wcuiided by- a**- bullet
through her breast. In her hand she held
a smoking pistol.
When the woman had partly. recovered
her reason she told <t disconnected story
to the effect that Oxendine^ had first
burned his watch and clothes In the stove;
had then shot her and killed Jiimself.
Four' shots were heard, one first and then
three In succession later. There were two
wounds on the body of the dead man.
which indicate that the shots which
killed him were fired last. The woman
cannot recover.
HOME TO BE BOUGHT
FOB ADMIRAL SCHXEY
Admirers of the Naval Officer Will
Spend Ten Thousand Dollars on
a Washington House.
" WASHINGTON. March M.-A home is to
be purchased for Rear Admiral Winfield
Scott Schley in Cleveland Park, a suburb
of this city, by popular subscription. This
announcement was made to-night after a
meeting of a 'committee of one hundred
organized some time ago for this purpose.
At the request of Rear Admiral Schley
the home Is to be very modest and not to
cost more than $10,000. Six thousand dol
lars has been subscribed, and it is ex
pected that the full amount will be raised
by the time the fund closes on April 15.
The greater part of the $6000 has been
raised by Miss Edna McLelland of New
York, who is now In Europe, but is ex
pected to be in Washington by April 10.
It Is the Intention of the committee to
have the home ready for Rejfr Admiral
Schley on his return to this country about
the middle of April.
A Month's Test Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop, Racine,
Wls.,box 137, for six bottles Dr.Shoop' ¦ Restora
tive. Exp.pald. Bend no money. Paj 13.50 if cure£*
POISONS CHILDREN
A1TD ENDS ttr-r. XtlPS
Domestic Troubles Impel a Michigan
Woman to Commit a Horrible -
Crime in Her Some. '
C ASS CITY, Mich. , March 23.— Mrs.
Nathan' Townsend, who lives *near here,
poisoned herself and her two children, a
girl aged 8 years . and a boy >- aged ¦ 10
with laudanum last night. : The three died
to-day. Family difficulties are believed
to • have ( impelled her to administer - the
poison., ... ... ¦ ¦ i^-.v "¦ >
PERPETUATION
OF SLAVERY BY
THE GERMANS
Declare It .Absolutely
Necessary for Settlers
in Colonies.
Unusual Precautions Taken by
Police for Protection of
Imperial Couple.
BERLIN. March 23.— The Reichstag
"Wednesday was Interesting because after
Herr Bebel's motion to declare legally
free all children born of domestic slaves
in the German colonies had been rejected
with the aid of the Center party. Ger
many now stands confessed before the
¦world as perpetuating Elave-holdlng pow
er. AH that the Colonial Chief. Dr. Steu
bel. and other advocates could say was
that clavery was absolutely necessary for
settlers in the German colonies.
A correspondent is informed that yes
terday's unusual precaution when the
Imperial couple visited tiie mausoleum of
Emperor William. I, Including the strict
est shutting out of the public from tne
•wfacle Charlottenburg castle and park an
hour before Emperor William's arrival,
forms part or a regular programme,
mapped out for all public occasions by
Police Chief Von Windheim and approved
by his Majesty.
Sever© press comments continue on the
subject of the Kitchener-Botha negotia
tions, as revealed by documents submit
ted to the British Parliament. The opin
ion Is unanimously expressed that Cham
berlain. In his blindness, missed a good
opportunity for restoring peace, his terms
rendering it impossible for the Boers to
accept them. The Tageblatt eays Great
Britain is still insufficiently impressed
with the difficulty of the South African
situation, otherwise Ehe would make
propositions acceptable for the Boers. But
the paper adds that will come later.
German officials emphatically denv that
Germany supported Great Britain in re
jecting the United States Senate's amend
ments to the Hay-Pa uncefote treaty.
The matter does not concern Germany.
Consul General Mason says that tha
managers of the international exhibition
of the lire-extinguishing apparatus, open-
Ing June 1. especially desire a full ex
hibit of American apparatus, since the
Paris exposition showeU the United
States was far ahead In patent alarm airj
police telegraph systems.
DISSOLVES PARTNERSHIP
WITH COLORED PUBLISHER
Mrs. Nation Insists That Editorials
Written for "The Smasher's Mail"
Shall Not Be Suppressed.
TOPEKA. March 23.— Mrs. Nation has
dissolved partnership with Nick Chiles,
the colored publisher. She will hereafter
endeavor to edit and have printed her pa
per. The Smasher's Mail, without his as
sistance. The trouble grew out of the sup
pression by Chiles of an editorial written
toy Mrs. Nation scoring District Judge
Hazen. before whom Ehe has appeared a
number of times.
Mrs. Nation says yhe has turned over
to him t-e sum of $2*7 in cash, besides
what he has collected to maintain the pa
per. "And." she said, "if I pay for print-
Ing the paper 1 guess I will have it as I
want it."
Chiles Is a colored politician of some
Time and recently went on Mrs. Nation's
bond. He published a weekly paper for
colored people. Mrs. Xatlon proposes to
hire an independent printer and will see
that everything the writes gets into her
paper.
POWERS MAY COMBINE
AGAINST OUR COMMERCE
Bumor That Austria Seeks a Coali
tion to Hold Some of Europe's
Beclining Trade.
PARIS. March 23.— It is rumored in
Vienna financial circles. In which a new
tntl-Amerlcan feeling seems to b«* In
rpired by the Government, that negotia
tions are going: on for a coalition of con
tinental powers against the ever-Increas
ing commercial development of the United
Statt*.
Negotiations are being carriad on, it
lfs said, between all the powers, with the
exception of England and Russia. Ac
cording: to another version Russia Is the
only power which hangs back.
This- idea, which Is far from being a
new one. is regarded by practical poli
ticians as Utopian and one which cannot
be carried out at a moment when the
European powers— as is proved by the
r-olemlc between M. Dewltte and Count
von Bulow— are not far from a tariff
¦war among themselves, and when Austria
cannot even succeed in coming to a per
manent commercial arrangement with
Hungary.
New York Beady for Tangier. .
LONDON. March 23.— A dlsnatch to the
Exchange Telegraph Company from Gib
raltar^ says the United States armored
cruiser Ner York will sail for Tangier
March 26 to convey the mission to Mazar
agan. Then the mission will proceed to
Fez under a strong escort of the Sultan's
Bolfllers.
Swedish Ship Runs Aground.
LONDON. March 21-The Swedish ehlp
Gripen, Captain Andersen, from Mobile
December 14 for Lubec and last reported
arrived at Travemunde March 18, Is
aground In the roadB at Lubec. All at
tempts to tow her off have so far failed.
The vessel Is leaking.
peared In. a morning paper, which read:
.Active agents ' wanted ' to sell an interesting
booklet entitled "Mrs. Townsend's Secret. . or
the Mining' Will"; local history; will' prove a
tepid seller; big result*. ', . J. . M. G. :
"Some time prior to the appearance of
this advertisement in the papers Mrs.
Murray received a letter from one W. I*
Grantham. The purpose of the letter is
obvious. It reads:
8AN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 3. 1900
Mr*. Ella P. Murray, City— Madam: From a
eentleman friend of mine, who is connected
with a leading publishing house In this city. I
learn that a book entitled "Mrs. Towncend's
Secret, or the Missing Will" is in the hand*
of the printers. The book has already been
copyrighted and Is in the hands of A. M.
Mitchell, who rooms at 208 Eddy street. The
btok alleges to give a full history of Mrs.
Townsend. Mr. Wllmerdlng, yourself, speaks
of another heir. etc.. and is fully illustrated.
Arrangements have been made by news com
panies to handle 'It as soon as printed.
As I understand It from my acquaintance
there are some mistakes made, and I believe
II you so desired you might b« able to hav«
the mistakes corrected, so that no injustice
might be done to 'any one. . 1 do not know
that the mistakes are made intentionally, . but
It may do no harm to find out. Your* truly,
¦ W. I* GRANTHAM.
"Mrs. Murray paid no attention to this
letter. Her silence prompted the writer to
call upon us.. After a brief Interview he
left and has not returned. Claimants, col
lateral heirs and others are trying to force
Mrs. Murraytobuy peace.- This she will
not do. The courts must pass iVron the
claims of all. If any can show their right
to any part or parcel of Mrs. Townsend's
estate they are welcome ta^the same; but
their right to terms In prison is more ap
parent, to me.just now. The fight is oh.
but I do not think it will last for five
years or more.". • -¦„•¦¦ :••' -•• ' . ¦
Hermann J/Custer of 927 Market street,
the attorney who is engineering the latest
advance on the Townsend estate. Is very
non-committal over . the whole : affair.
\\ hen seen ¦ yesterday his . reticence .was
marked, except when he talked of the
"possible success" of his. latest' move.
Then he became enthusiastic. !
"Succeed?" he said. "Why. of course
we shall. ; ¦ My client knows what be Is
about, and bo do I. I would not 'go in for
this if I did not think I should ; win out.
I have the names of the subscribing wit
nesses and will produce them at the prop
er time." ...
"Was Coburn himself present when the
missing will: was made?"was asked.
"Now, if. I cold you that I'd be telling
too much. Walt and see."- -
"Why did Coburn not .: bring ' forward
hie claim before?" .
"I. prefer not to say. I don't want to
,say anything about the case until the
proper time." . ¦ •'
¦ '"When will that be?" ¦ .
,''I n the .near : future,", was. the reply.
Mr. Coburn . and I have been in corre
spondence • for some ». time,".' continued • the
attorney, producing a formidable stack of
letters. "Now that we are ready to act
we will act: quickly. On April 12 we will
produce facts that will astonish several
people," ... . ;
Cyrus W. Carmany, secretary; an-1
cashier of the Savings and Loan Society,
when seen at his home In -Upper ; Fruit
vale last night said that ; he never heard
of Coburn ; unttr after the : death of Mrs;
Townsend. ' "The story of a will having
been executed , by . Mrs. Townsend : In my
presence with Mrs. Murray^ as the other
witness,", said he, "la „ without - founda
tion. : I am satisfied that Mrs. Townsend
never • executed a u will, i Had ehe done so
I would have' known :ofjt, for I was nor
confidential i agent.'. and; a4vlser." !/¦'• /¦- *
"Did Mrs.* Townsend ever ,talk > with you
about making a will?," was asked. . .. ;-i
"Yes.'.V replied : Carmany.;. '.'Some three
or f our 'years, ago, she asked' me to draw
up, a statements concerning her- property;
and said she was. going to make her will.
She said ; that after ' she ; knew , Just 'how
wealthy* she was she wanted me to draft
& ; form . of . will : for ' her. - I ; furnished , her
with ahe | statement\of - her • holdings;* but
ene never afterward' asked me to draw up
a- will. ' Sh» ; spoke = as ; If ; she % wanted 1- to
make a will,, but appeared to me to be one
BERLIN, March 23.— In the lower house
of the Diet to-day President von Kroecher
communicated the result of his audience
with Emperor William yesterday when
the officers of the Reichstag and Diet ex
pressed the Indignation experienced by the
members of their respective houses at the
recent outrage at Bremen. Hia Majesty
said to President von Kroecher that he
was sorely pained by the outrage because
It convinced him that since the death of
Lmperor William I respect for the author
ities had decreased among the people, par
ticularly among the youth. The Emperor
thought that everybody without distinc
tion should share In the blame for the
present conditions. He considered that
the press should be a potent instrument
In upholding the authorities, and he was
confident that the Deputies of all parties
would do all in their power to see the nec
essary steps taken to assure the full meas
ure of respect for the authorities.
A lively debate followed President von
Kroecher's declaration in the Diet. Herr
Richter contending that such admittedly
unauthentic statements of the Emperor's
words spoken without the presence of a
responsible Minister were unconstitutional
and had never happened before during the
last thirty years.
When Herr Richter began sharply crit
icizing the Emperor's words. President
von Kroecher called him to order. Herr
Richter said this proved the truth of his
contentions.
To-night's papers are full of references
to Emperor William's remarks.
Regard for Authorities Is
Declared to. Be
Lacking.
When This Ia f Stated in Diet
Richter Sharply Criticizes
Emperor s Words.
KAISER IS PAINED
BY DISRESPECT
OF HIS PEOPLE
The would-be assassin was identified as
one Lagowskl, a provincial ofticul. The
procurator wad unscathed. An Investiga
tion into the causes of the attack is pro
ceeding. ;_
The students' organization" committee
has issued a call Inviting all intelligent
members of Russian sodrty to join their
ranks in the struggle for freedom.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 23.— Privy
Councilor PobiedonostzefT, chief pro
curator of the holy synod, narrowly es
caped assassination early Friday morning.
While writing in his study shortly after
midnight two bullets shattered a window
and passed close to the procurator and
buried themselves In the ceiling. Two
other shots were fired but did not enter
the room. . •
Bullets Pass Very Close to Privy
Councilor Pobiedonostzeff, /
bui He Escapes.
BOLD ATTEMPT
TO ASSASSINATE
HIGH OFFICIAL
Four Shots Are Fired at
.Chief Procurator of :¦;¦;
Holy Synod.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., 'SUNDAY. MARCH 24y; 1901.
neesad ky myself and Mrs. Murray. I r r».
Townsend and Mrs. Murray made depo 'Ha
with the bank, ts at that time they in- ¦
tended remaining here. That was my f.r*t
meeting with Mrs. Murray. The date of '
those deposits will fix the date of our ,
meeting. While I am not oosltlve. I am
almost certain, that it was not more than
five years ago."
"I am not positive as to the date with
out looking: at the books of the bank."
said he. "but it wai Ions after 1S34, when
the alleged will is said to have been wit-
Murray. She did npt tell me that Mrs.
Murray was her daughter, but left me to
believe she was her sister."
"When did you first meet Mrs. Mur
ray?" was then asked.
"In her conversations with you did she
name her relatives or mention those to
whom she wished to leave her estate?"
"She never spoke of beouests," replied
Carmany, "and the only mention she ever
made of relatives was concerning . Mrs.
of those people who -think that- If they
make their will they must necessarily die
within a short time."
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COBURN CHARGES THAT W I LL
OF LATE ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND
WAS CONSIGNED TO THE FLAMES
14
EMPEROR OF GEHBIANY.
HOW A MOTHER'S UfflELY JBWCE
SAVlD A W&) JON PEM DEATH
Standing for: Days Knee-Deep
;inv Cuban Trenches/
HIS GREAT; ENDURANCE.
At Last: Yielded /and the Soldier
Boy B3turns.Home-tO'Dle. <
His Mother's Earnest Appeal to TJse
Peruna Is Followed and He Is
Cured of a Very Bad Phase
of Catarrh of the Lungs.
¦ -•¦¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦',¦¦;.-. ; i'
PERUNA attained, great popularity
jamong the officers and privates of
I the army. us. well-as 'the navy, dur-
ing the late war with Spain. >
¦ A great many letters were received from
field and hospital .corpn - indicating that
this .popuiar^climatie remedy had become
well nigh indispensable to -them. . - -
leruna is not only u national remedy,
but has proven itself a national blessing.
J.ettors from every quarter are received
daily testifying to -the virtues of Peruna
in cases o£ catarrh that had longr since
given up all hope of cure.
Coughs, colds, influenza, la grippe and
aeUle catarrh yield at once to the action
or i'cruna. No case of catarrh' can en-
tirely resist the curative virtues of Pe-
runa. as every case Is ¦ either cured or
permanently benefited.
tt o \Y m * Ste sman. member Co. L, 30th
U. S. Volunteer Infantry, writes as fol-
lows: ¦ , . . . ,
APPLETON. WIS., ¦'!¦¦¦'¦
,„. „ 430 Washington it!
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus O:
Gentlemen — After returning from
Cuba I felt my health was consider-
ably broken down. Standing in water
for days in the trenches affected my
lungs until the doctor said I had
quick consumption. My mother ad-
vised me to use Peruna, and in thrse
months my, lungs were as well as ever.
- / have arranged to take! some Pe-
runa with m9 to the Philippines, as I
consider it indispensable to maintain
my health, in the unfavorable climate.
—William S teg man.
The above case was one of catarrh of
the lungs. This condition is oiten mis-
taken for consumption, and is undoubted-
ly the first stage of this dread disease.
Thousands of instances in which a
prompt recovery has followed the use of
Peruna in catarrh of the lungs shows that
this remedy can be relied upon to cure
this class of rases.
An Officer's Narrow Escape From an
Aggravated Attack of Catarrh
of Kidneys.
Another case very similar to the above
wa.8 that of Capt. John Frlebertshauser.
captain of the German artillery, Reg"!
No. 11, who suffered with catarrh of the
kidreys, due to exposure of army life
Peruna cured him quickly and perma-
nently, and in a letter from 202 Mont rose
boulevard, Chlcago.vJU... he- gives his ex-
perience in the following words: • -. .
"Exposure during army life seemed to
affect my kidneys-, -and I was afraid I
In thousands and thousands of homes— in cities, towns and villages-
three doses a day of Hood's Sarsaparilla are how being taken, by every
member of the family. . .
In some homes even the visitor is given a teaspoonful wifh every, meat
Why such wide and general use?: Because
Has proved itself by its wonderful effects
in cleansing the system of all humors,over- " it is aw twelve ye a rs sin Ce i nrs t '
? coming that tired feeling, creating annehite Eaw , Hood 's sarsapainia advertised, and ¦¦¦¦*
, . ,. i • lc «'»o we begaa using it as a sprihi medicine
Clearing the. Complexion, giving Strength We have used it every year, since witli
and animation, the best Spring Medicine and - i^o^u^'bi^^^tiircd V
blood purifier. Buy a bottle and havie the ' *{$e$i mKs. i. stewart, ciai-
ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE FO? HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
would suffer. with disease of the kidneys.
1 have known several cases of that dread-
ed disease, and was much worried-
"A comrade whose kidneys had been
cured through the use of Peruna advised
me to use it. I found that the first bottle
relieved fne, and after the faithful use of
eight bottles I was a new and happy man.
I have not had an ache or pain for "over a
year now."— John Frlebertshauser.
Peruna is the soldier's friend, not only
because it cures catarrh wherever It may
be located, but it Is also a splendid tonic,
and has been found - invaluable to those
convalescing from -• fevers due to the
change of air and water incident to camp
life.
Report of Barracks Matron of Feru-
na's Great Work as a Catarrhal
; ... . ; . 4 'Tonic. - - - ¦¦¦.-.? --
'A' letter from Mrs. T. ,B. Smith, Hos- |
pital Matron of the Omaha Barracks,
written from 2327 N. Clark street. Chi-
cago. 111., is of interest in this connection.
Her letter reads as follows:
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O.:
Gentlemen— Peruna seemed to be the
favorite tonic among the soldiers at the
barracks, i If they were weak or conva-
lescent after an Illness, it would build
them up and restore their strength In a
very few days.— Mrs. T. B. Smith.
•• In all cases of catarrhal weakness Pe-
rur.a brings • prompt relief. That run-
down, weakened condition of the system
described by Dr. Hartman as systemic
catarrh has hitherto been found by the
profession very stubborn and difficult of
cure. These cases yield to Peruna as If
by magic.
Another Nurse Speaks How Peruna
Helps in 'Catarrhal Weakness.
Mrs. Kate Taylor, a graduated nurse of :
A CASE OF CATARRH OF THE LUNGS (INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION), SAVED BY PERUNA.
prominence and experience, verifies th»
experience of Mr*. T. B. Smith In tha fol-
lowing letter.
Chicago. 111.. 427 W. Munroe St.
Tha Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O.:
Gentlemen— "As far "as I hare observed
Peruna is the finest tonic any man or
woman can use who is weak from th«
after effects of any serious illness. I hav»
seen it used in a number' of convalescent
cases, and have seen several other tonics
used, but I Jound that those who used Pe-
runa had the quickest relief. It seems to
restore vitality, increase bodily vigor, and,
rrnew health and strength In a wonder-
fully short time."— Mra. Kate Taylor.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case, and he wiu
be pleased to give you his valuable rj&-
vico gratis." j
Address Dr. Hartman. president of *b»
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
>=5= ===^ j^^g^jl_^jreruna saves ner Dpy
' *¦'¦'¦'¦¦¦"¦ dfajP %/m*' M0*MRS. I. N. CHAPMAN, THE ONLY WOMAN CANDIDATE FOR OFFICE
IN ALAMEDA, WHO "HOPES TO BE ELECTED A MEMBER OF THE
BOARD OF EDUCATION AS AN INDEPENDENT.
the remaining assets of the bank and
counting what has already been sacured
on suits for the pro rata liability of th©
stockholders, will give depositors whoso
claims are not outlawed dollar for dollar
and those with outlawed claims will re
ceive at least 75 per cent.
STOCKTON, March 23.— It has leaked
out here through a notice served by the
adjutant general upon the bondsmen of
"William Bruce,- the deposed - captain of
Company B, Sixth Regiment, N. G. C,
that he was relieved of his command for
being short in his accounts. Th© amount
given In the notice is $1435 72. Bruce was
able to cover up his peculations by mak
ing false returns to the adjutant general
in his quarterly reports as to the amount
of money in the bank to the credit of the
company. It developed that there was no
money In the bank at all, and that Bruce
had 'misappropriated the funds. Brace's
bondsmem are H.R. McNoble and T. W.
¦Hummel. . : •
SHORTAGE IN MILITIA
CAPTAIN'S ACCOUNTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— The ne*v
military bill will become a .aw. This an
nouncement was made by Governor Gago
to Adjutant General Stamans late thU
afternoon.. The adjutant general is great
ly pleased with the assurance that the
measure has received the approval of th<s
Governor since he is confident that It will
bring abouFa vast reform in the National
Guard organization- Its general effect
will, be' to modernize the militia laws and
bring them into accord with the laws gov
erning, the United States army.
I One bf the features of the new law Is
that it makes the Naval Militia separate
and distinct from the National Guard or
ganization to conform to the United State*
law and practice and places it under th«
direct orders of the commander-ln-chief
'without reference to division headauar
ters. Under the existing law it Is impossi
ble to call a court-martial to try offenses
in the Naval Militia, but such authority
Is clearly designated In the new law.
.The present regulations prohibit''"" the
wearing of other than certain specified
medals, and hence the returning Califor
nia soldiers from the Philippines could
not. under the law, wear the medals pre
sented to them some months ago by^the
Native Sons "of the Golden WestrbThls
prohibition is removed bv the new -law.:.
Under the old law, wh*»n a member of
the National Guard enlisted In the,regu
lar army for service In the Spanisa-
American or Philippine wars the act was
equivalent to a discharge, and if an officer
were on the retired list he lost his stand
ing thereon by such enlistment. Th* r.rw
law changes all this, gives th« militia
men credit for such enlistment in regular
service and provides for their full rein
statement on their .return. !:• short ..h»»
term of enlistment of a Nation*! "luanl^
man under the new *.» w amounts merely
to a leave of absence.
Under the new law a trained regular
army man will. not b«» i'.;sbarred from ao
pointment as a gener.ij because he may
not have served the rjnuired time in the
National Guard. : i eB£aH%i3&ti3££f*fe' >
Adjutant General Seaman* Bald to
night that he was confident that the new
law . would brine about many Important
improvements in the National Guard sys
tem x in this State. In fact, he said. It con
formed as closely as circumstances would
admit to the law of Ccr press governing 1
the National Guard and Naval Militia of
the State and placed them on a much bet
ter footing than heretofore.
Reform in the National Guard
Organization. of the
Is Expected, to Bring About a Vast
MILITARY BILL
TO BECOME LAW
Governor, Gage Announce?
His ApproTar of the
Measure.
WOMAN WOULD SERVE
AS SCHOOL DIRECTOR
Mrs. I. N. Chapman Is Seeking Ejection
as a Member bf the Board of Edu
cation as an Independent Candidate
COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS
IS ACCUSED OF CRIMES
Federal Official of El Paso Arrested on
Complaint of Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOVERNOR GAGE MAKES
111 K.'E'R APPOINTMENTS
"W. M. Lawlor and J. D. McKenzie
Become Trustees of Home for
Feeble-Minded Children.
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— The Gover
nor to-day appointed William M. Lawlor
of San Francisco and John D." McKenzta
of Santa Clara Trustees of —the: Home
for Feeble-minded Children, and E.' C.
Brissell SopervlBor for Nevada County.
The» arrest to-day Is alleged to be a part
of their scheme. v ¦
The charge filed against the Collector
created a tremendous sensation through
out the State and. the feeling as mani
fested between him and his opponents Is
exceedingly bitter. Just before his arrest
Collector Dillon said:- .
"I have violated no law or regulation
of the civil service and have not done
anything wrong in connection with this
office. My acts and the books of the office
are open to investigation at any time, anJ
I do not fear the results. There have
been some men on my force who have en
deavored on more than one occasion to
injure me. The action taken to-day i?
the outcome of their .- antagonism, but
there is an old saying to the effect that
'He who laugrhs last, lauerhs heartiest.* "
Dillon was formerly a member of what
Is known as the Geon faction of Texas
Republicans and was appointed as such,
but he attended the last State -convention
•with an instructed Hawley delegation. It
Is said that the Hawleyltes are making
an effort to oust him and axe adopting
desperate measures to carry their point.
The complaints against Dillon were filed
by well-known local Republicans, includ
ing: Messrs. Fink. Marr and Kitchens.
Some of them hold positions under tfie
Collector. The Assistant United States
District Attorney ewore out the warrants
and had tnem served on tbe Collector at
Tnls office, where he was' found by a United
States Marshal. He made a bond for hid
appearance at a hearing before the United
States Commissioners next Monday. Tho
Collector evidence-d no surprise at his ar
rest, but was highly indignant. He at
tributes it to the machinations of political
enemies and asserts that he can establish
his Innocence.
EL. PASO, Tex., March 23.— Moees Dillon,
& former Southern Pacific conductor, ap
pointed three years agro to the Important
position of Collector of Customs at this
point, was to-day arrested on warrants
charging him with soliciting and collect-
Ins; money for campaign purposes and
with divulging to applicants the nature of
the questions ard answers to be used at
a civil service examination for Custom
house positions.
THE SAN FBAJrClSCO CALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 24, 1901.
ALAMEDA. March 23.— Mrs. L N.
Chapman is tbe one woman can
didate for election to office at the
coming city election. She has
been Independently nominated
for member of the Board of Education, a
position which ehe, as a mother directly
interested in the schools, believes should
be filled by a woman.
Mrs. Chapman and her friends of ; the
Political Equality Crub called at *, recent
meeting of the executive committee of the
Harmonle Hall Non-Partisan party , and
Inquired for "pointers" on how . to get a
nomination for School Director." Chairman
George. H. Perry enlightened the women
on th« subject and told them how men
usually got In on the "slato" of a conven
tion. They immediately set to work on the
150 delegates to the convention in the ef
fort to make them partial to Mrs. Chap
man's candidacy and. their canvass was a
vigorous one.
The result of the work done by the
women showed itself in the convention,
where only a narrow margin of votes sep
arated Mrs. Chapman from getting one of
the two nominations. If they had com-,
menced to "do politics" Just a few days
.sooner there would have been a different
story to tell. But the Urn© was limited
and it was something of a struggle to see
even a portion of the delegates.
Now Mrs* Chapman is going to try for
election by running independently. She
has chosen her campaign committee and
filed her petition and done air the things
that a modern politician does when he
runs for office. Her campaign committee
is making a house to house canvass,
pleading with the wives and daughters to
persuade the husbands and brothers to
vote for their candidate. The city hj»s
been placarded and campaign literature is
finding Its way to everv voter.
"If you please, woman suffrage ; has
nothing 1 to do with my campaign." saya
Mrs. Chapman. "This effor*. to elect me
to the School Board is entirely apart from
the doctrine of political equality. The only
reason I am seeking- election . Is because
I believe a woman should be on the School
Board. Women are closer to the chlldran
than the men. They are more directly
Interested in them. They have greater In
fluence with the children thev send to
school than anybody else. -
"Other cities elect women to their schocl
boards year after year. It is getting to
be a recognized fact that that is the placo
for at least one of them. There is no rea
son, why Alameda should not be abreast
Waif Is Left at the Home of Mr. and
FIND A GIRL BABY
TJPON" THEIR. DOORSTEP
Mrs. J. B. Reid Near
Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, March 23.— Shortly after
midnight last night some one deposited a
girl baby about 10 days old upon the front
doorsteps of J. B. Reid's residence, a short
distance from town. Although Mrs. Reid
heard some, one open the front gate dur
ing the night she paid little attention to
the fact until her -ears were greeted a
half-hour afterward by an Infant's wall.
This afternoon it was ' learned that an
attempt had been made to leave the child
at the home of John B. Silva, a short dis
tance from the Reid residence. An - un
known man- pried- one of the ; windows
open, evidently with the Intention of plac
ing the child inside the front room. , The
noise awoke " Sllva's two children, who
were sleeping in the room, and their cries
frightened the man away. He. was seen
hurrying toward the front gate carrying
a package in his arms. There is no clew
to the Identity of either man or child.
- 0 ' .
Yale Graduate Investigates a Ground
STUNG ALMOST TO DEATH
BY ARIZONA , DESKRT BEES
Hive- and Lands in a
Hospital./
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— Charles T.
Chalmers, a graduate of Yale and an en
tomologist; Is laid up at a Los Angeles
hotel from* the stings of bees.. .While
prosecuting- his researches on the Arizona
desert he came across a hive ' of ground
bees resembling the striped wasp. He en
deavored to secure some ' of the - Insects
for his collection, and was attacked by tha
bees and so severely stung that he barely
escaped with his life. His entire body was
bloated to an ; alarming degree.' He \ was
brought to Los Angeles yesterday and is
still undergoing medical treatment. - .
The Philadelphia Returning.
SAN DIEGO, March 23.— The cruiser
Philadelphia sailed ¦ this ', morning , for ¦ San
Francisco, and the training: ship i Mohican
sailed south to MagdaJena Bay,. where she
will engage In target ¦-. practice ¦ with th©
battleship Wisconsin. - ' ¦¦.¦••
of the times. I am sure AJameda will
vote for a woman School Director."
The committee in charge of Mrs. Chap
man's fight is composed of the following
women: Mrs. C. L. Wood, Mrs. Georc«
H. Perry. Mrs. Thomas Speddy. Mrs. R.
"W. Mastick, Mrs. J. A. Waymire, Mrs.
Eastman. Mrs. L. L. Gillogly and Mrs. B.
M. Hlnchman.
DEATH IS FAST CLOSING
UPON JOHN F. KIDDER
Has Frequent , Sinking Spells ¦ From
Which It Is" Difficult to
Revive Him.
GRASS VALLEY. March 23.— John F
Kidder . is slowly sinking:. He passed a
rood day,'- but death may come at any
time. He is suffering no pain, being ra
tional only at times,. when he recognizes
his attendants. Bright's disease has de
veloped in its worst form. He has taken
no food for several days past. Every few
hours he has sinking spells, and each time
It is with more difficulty, he is revived
CLOSING THE AFFAHLS
I OF TJMTO1T SAVINGS BANK
SAN ' JOSE, March 23.— The Union Bank
depositors at a meeting this morning
agreed to release' the stockholders of that
Institution from ", further liability « If they
would pay into. the bank the further sum
of $50 per share. The stockholders of the
bank, or those .who are considered as be
ing able to meet the claims against them,
have accepted this offer, and it Is believed
the affairs of : the bank will now be rap
idly, wound ud. .Tha $50 per shar<». with
Assailant Suffers From Morphlns
and Alcohol and Hospital Au
thorities Maintain Strange
Air of Mystery. __-
NEW YORK,- March 23,-Mlss May
Buckley, the actress, who narrowly es
caped becoming one. of Robert Moulton's
victims when he wounded two men In the
Ratheskeller of ths Pabst Hotel, refused
to make a statement to-day or even to
be seen. She appeared as usual, however.
In the "Prince of Peace" at the Broadway
Theater this afternoon.
Moulton was taken to Bellevue Hospital
from the prison of the West Side last
night, because his condition had become
serious after the effect of the liquor and
drugs had worn off. Although it is said
bis nervous condition bordered on col
lapse no Information about him could be
obtained at the hospital. He was ad
mitted under a name not his own and It
was even said at the hospital that the
man v/as not there. The reason for all
this mystery concerning the patient was
Dot explained. .
Moulton will be arraigned in court next
Monday If his condition will permit, but
Miss-Buckley, It is said, will not appear
against him. She will leave that to Alex
ander W. Dingwall, her manager, and
John B. Lefflngwell. who were with* her.
Mr. Dingwall is still at Roosevelt Hos
pital with the bullet in his shoulder, but
his condition, according to the house sur
geon, is rapidly improving. It Is expected
he will be able to appear In court on Mon
day. Moulton's mother has left her home
In Springfield, Tenn., and Is expected here
to-morrow.
A physician who i3 attending Moulton
sa'd to-night that nls patient was not as
well as he was earlier In the day. Moul
ton does not seem to realize his position
and according to the doctor seemed to be
acting queerly to-night. He is suffering
from morphine and alcohol.
Miss May ' Bucklty Will Not
Prosecute the Man Who
Shot at Her.
ACTRESS FILES
NO CHARGES
State.
15
tllng. or has a cloudy appearance. It Is
evidence that your k'.dneys and- bladder
need immediate attention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natur-
al help to nature, for Swamp-Root is th*
most perfect healer and gentle aid to tha
kidneys that is known to medical scenca.
Swamp-Root Is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blai-
der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
derful success in both slight and severa
cases. Doctors recommend it to their pa-
tients and use it in their own families be-
cause they recognize in Swamp-Root the
greatest and most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there Is a
trace of it In your family history, send at
once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton.
N. Y., who will gladly send you free toy
mail, immediately, without cost to you, a
sample bottle of Swamo-Root and a book
of wonderful Swamo-Root testimonials.
Be sure to say that you read this gener-
ous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Can.
If you are alreadv convinced thnt
Swamp-Root Is what you need you can
purchase the regular j fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at 'drug stores. Don't
make any mistake, but remember tha
name. Swamp-Root. Or. Kilmer's Swamp.
Root, and the address. Einghamton, Ji. T.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-f our hours, fonn&. a . sediment or set-
Lame back is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble— one of many. Other symp-
toms showing that you need Swamp-Root
are, obliged to pass water often during the
day and to get up many times at night.
Inability to hold your urine, smarting or
Irritation In passing:, brlckdust or sedi-
ment In the urine, catarrh of the bladder,
uric. acid, constant headacne, dizziness!
sleeplessness, nervousness, irregular heart
beating', rheumatism, bloating'. Irritability,
wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss of
flesh, sallow complexion.
If these danger signals are unheeded
more serious results are sure to follow;
Bright's disease, which is the worst form
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.
The mild and the. extraordinary effect
of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Swamp-Root. Is soon realized. It
stands the highest for Ks wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. A trial will
convince any one — and - you may have a
sample bottle for the askinsr.
Pain or dull ache In the back Is unmJ»-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It Is
nature's timely warning to 3how you that
the track of health Is not clear.
Do You Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney and
B adder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Cur Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
:. . . . AD VZETISEMENTSw '".¦¦':-.':'¦¦¦
POR IWESM AND WOMEN
Have created a panic in the shoe business in xgggjr
** San Francisco. Everybody is talking about jfl&kL
jsMs^ th«m. both those who have them and those jM&S&kk.
>SL|ir For they have all the %tyle and will wear as
JSE/Jl 'well as any S.s.oo or $6.00 shoe. We Kuaran- fe^^jjl
'{^31^1 We have them in all styles, all sizes and all te?£$:A
t^sjf Bear in mind you have nothing to lose and -1fi^-lf
\aMf§ all to srain in buyine these shoes. If they are §jj0Mf
fffcjef not as represented return them at our ex- S^^S'
'j3w pense and we will refund your money. \S&/
*WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR "WALK- >fek
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. jf&Mmif
PHELAN BUILDING. Hr
«pi 812-814 MARKET ST. US?
Y^jjA Store closes at 6 p. m. Saturdays at 11 p. m. _J^^M
ADVEBHSEMENTS.
Free Package of a Remarkable Remedy thai
Will Give Any Man, Woman or Child
a Beautiful Head of Hair.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Thickens Thin Hair, Cures
Dandruff, Scurf or Scalp Pimples and Makes
Any Hair Heavy, Long and Silky,
Prematurely Gray Hair Restored to Its Natural Color Without Dye—It
Has Never Failed to Grow Hair on Bald Heads, Eyebrows or
Lashes— Send Name and Address for Free Package. \
'. -» : ADVERTISEMENTS."
How acr man may qulcVly cure himself after
years ef suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, nlgnt losses. varJcocele. etc.. and en-
large email weak crgacs to full size and vigor.
Elznply tend your name and address to Dr. I..
W Kmbp. UTI HuU fculldlng. Detroit. Mich..
*cd he will gladly «ecd the free receipt with
full directions mo ttat any man may easily cure
Kf «t home. This is certainly a most
generous offer and tbe following extracts taken
rVom his daily mall show what men think of
bl "-I^r*'61r^Please .eoept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
tmunent a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary- 'It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
•and you cannot realize how happy I am." -¦
"Dear 81r— Tour method worked beautlfullr
Remits were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
lanrement Is entirely satisfactory." • •
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
tixniblets making use of tbe receipt as directed
and can truthfully, say. It is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved in sixe, strength
and vigor.'' •:.-.'•
, All ' correspondence " Is '. strictly " confidential
mailed in plain. . sealed envelope. ' The , reoalpt
Is free for the asking and ho wants «rcrr mu
to hare^tt,. :_ ... .\ i t .-ri~,v^:zsli,--Ll'~L* :
L. W. KNAPP. M. D.
:" Any, man, woman or child ' can easily secure
the means for restoring a natural, .. fine, silky,
glossy growth of hair to their head or prevent
their hair from falling out or getting thin by
tending for" one free package of a most:, re-
markable . purely vegetable remedy, discovered
and prepared by Altenheim Medical Dispensary.
The remedy is destined, to prove a boon to the
entire'; human race, as with- its use [there .will
be no such thins: as bald heads or heads with
thin : scraggy; hair. ' Men whose, hair, or '. beards
are ' straggling . or . all ' ' gone, ; women '; : whose
tresses ' have ' been thinned by : fever , or hair
falling out,' requiring the use of. switches;. lit-;
tie children,' boys and girls whose hair Is coarse
and unrul j.; ¦ all ; find (In ; this - great ! remedy .' just
the : relief that they, want: It '. grows ' hair, on
bald : heads, thickens - eyebrows ahd lengthens
eyelashes, ' restores to ' its natural color pre-
maturely , gray hair, •; prevents : thin ' hair, ' stops
Itching,' cures dandruff, scurf or scalp pimple*
and ; makes : tha • hair of , any man, •¦ woman or.
child long, heavy, silky, and beautifully glossy.
'¦¦: ."After' being X bald for , ¦ thirty > years," . gays
Professor Turner, : president of , Falnnount : Col-
lege. Sulphur. Ky.. "I began using the remedy
In 1S85, and in a few weeks thereafter my en-
tire scalp was j covered uwithVa; thick : downy
growth : of I new hair. The ¦ whole ; of 1 my,: hair
was gone except a fringe around tha hat-line.
In 'sir -weeks ; the ' bald . spot : was entirely ; cov-
ered; : notwithstanding ' that' k when I commenced
using 1 the , remedy ; I had V a~ 'diseased ' scalp7 r - 1
had'' been i bald S for;;, thirty^ years,' "and; when
halri can ¦ be made 1 to ' grow on such a i head | as
mine t no > bald f headed J person ¦ need ' fear • tho
result*, r • It : U « &v years " alno* M used this
remedy and my hair Is 'all due to the remark-
able remedy. I used."
- Mrs. J. C. Anderson, Mlsaoula, Mont, writes:
•'For 'years my hair had been falling oat, but
since using Foso | Remedies I have had a new
growth of hair that is now to natural length."
; : Theresa Fennell, Moscow, Idaho, says: "My
bead was bald and glossy, but since using the
FosoiTreatmentmy halr.ls now four inches In
length 'and quite; curly.", : -' ¦ ¦ ' ...
Cedar Falls, Iowa, writes: "Was
very bald,' but now have fine crop of new hair
which will soon be ready to trim. It also cured
dandruff.".
, . Mrs. '."W. •_•* H.':*; Provost, Greenwich,' , Conn.,'
writes:-* "Remedies have' stopped* all' Itching
and accumulations of dandruff." She was also
bald, 'but her hair haa been now completely
restored. . . :..';¦ ~ '-..\, : .'v
•:-.' D. : B.'; Chernlss, v Farmerovllle, ; Texas, - says
tha : top - of - his -. head was entirely bald, but
tha Remedies have- grown a one , new crop of
hair and every one in town . Is surprised to see
- i: Miss Lucy Paschall. "Watertown, Mass., says
her ¦ hair was > thin ' and ¦ gray, : but ¦ has been
restored to * the •. natural , color,'; Is- 1 now ' long
and ; thick and glad to recommend : th« • Foso
Treatment' to, all. ' , . , , .
In the thousands of cases where It has been
used ' it ¦; has r never, failed,'; yet s tha ¦, proprietors
are ¦ ever : ready • to ¦. grant * any person In the
world a test package of tha wonderful' proper-
ties of the remedy, absolutely free,' all that you
have I to do : la I to I send I your, name I and s address
to " Altenheim Medical -, Dispensary. S064 Butter-
field building.* Cincinnati,' Ohio, enclosing 2-cent
stamp to cover postage and by return mall you
will receive a free trial package that will con-
vince you. of the truth oj this article.
NO LONGER ANY EXCUSE FOR BALDNESS
World Famous Mariani Tonic
"It is unequaled in cases of Nervotis
Depression, Melancholy. Brain Exhaus-
tion, Fatigue and Sleeplessness."
"Vin Mariani nourishes, strengthens,
sustains, refreshes."
AH Druggists. Refuse Substitute*. J
DO YOU GET HP
WITH! LAME BACK?
More Feminine Feet
Bread the .sfdew&Ita of
Broadway and Picca-
dilly fn ihc famous .Sorosis
shoe than any other shoe \
ever designed for women
IN the great centers of wealth
and fashion, such as London.
New Tork. Chicago. Phlladel- -
phia, Boston and other lead-
ing cities, Sorosis has made Its
greatest successes.
These shoes appeal to the criti-
cal taste of women who are look-
Ing for stylishness, durability and
good fit. and the absolute cer-
tainty that Sorosis will meet
these requirements has been dem-
onstrated by the enormous sales
of Sorosis to tbe fashionable tracta
of this city.
Don't ask for your size. Ask to
be fitted. . »
STYLES. Jp^ # e)U ALWAYS
ONLY TO BE HAD AT
5O THIRD ST., S. F.
Second Shoe Store From Mvkit
'Ms^MBas^ssl^GPSS^^^sWP^^^y^^Ms^^^'^laP^^sCCj^sss^Hsssssi
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Send Name and Address To-Day~-^ou
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.16
.. THE SAN iJ^J^0i^9Oii9^^r;S^TiAY^ MARCH 24, 1 90
Jeweler Pierson Pleads Not Guilty.
Anflrew Plerson, the Oakland Jeweler
who was arrested Friday morning for
having Tottery tickets In his possession,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
and pleaded not guilty. . Plerson Is the
man who had three winnlne Chinese lot
tery tickets in his pockets, aggregating
prizes of the value of $3500, and now that
he has decided to defend the case and en-
WASHINGTON. March 23.— Information
has » been received ; here that " the decora
tion of 'theMerite'Agricale has been con^
ferredifcy the French Government upon
the following employes of the Department
of : Agriculture for services In connection
with *tho Paris: Exposition: Dt. H. • W
.Wiley; chief chemist; Major H. E. Alvord
chief of,' the dairr :; division: Chief. J. B.
Bracki-tt, p«>molo£ist:--\V.. A. Taylor, as
sistant pomologist: M.A. Carleton. cereal
ist;i John ¦ I.* Schulte.- 'one of the associate
editors of the experiment station record
* Th« decoration has also been conferred
upon James L, Farmer, assistant' director
of agriculture for the Paris Exposition.
ment of /Agriculture Are Accorded
- Recognition for Th sir Services.
Employes of the * 'American Depart-
FRANCE DECORATES
EXPOSITION OFFICERS
Will of , Johji '¦¦ ¦Williams, Who Died at
¦"¦¦ Mountain' View" in California,
,' Filedin Illinois.
CHICAGO,*; March :23.^The- will ~of John
M.". Williams,"" formerly, of Evanston, .who
died'March 9 at Mountain View,,Califor
nia, leaving an estate ;; of an estimated
value T of /; $2,000,000.'; was filed In the Pro
bate ? Court v to-day.'; The document pro
vides * that • the : property s shall : be held ¦ in
trust ; by Williams'; sons, - Lucian M. and
Nathan W. Williams," and his son-in-law,
Parke E; Simmons. -The bulk of the prop
erty.* is - left" to . Williams' ¦ children "and
grandchildren.! the beneficiaries; including:
Lucian M.- -Williams, -.Chicago; .; Isabella
Blanoy,' San Jose,* Cal. ; ,, Helen Husser,
Chicago: ; , Jesaie Williams Simmons.
Kvanston;/ Nathan- W.". Williams, Evans
ton ; i Edith Williams ; Kirk-wood; Mountain
-View. r -' ; . Cal:; * John - Marshall. 1 - Williams,
grandson,* Belmont,'. •Cal:;, Margaret iWll*-
Hams, i granddaughter,; San Jose, Cal.
LEAVES HIS MIIiLIOUTS
TO MANY, RELATIVES
NEWPORT NEWS; Va.,- March 23— The
Pacific Mall liner Korea, the largest ves
sel ever built for the American merchant
marine service, was launched at the yards
of the Newport News Ship Building Com
pany to-day. Twenty thousand persons
witnessed the event, jj Miss Katherine Win
throp Tweed, daughter of the president of
the, Pacific Mail Company, christened the
vessel. ¦ . .. ¦ . '•• - , . .' .". ',
Just as the Korea slippe^ down the ways
George Hannastock, a colored man among
the . employes, was ; struck by. one of the
falling props and received injuries from
which he died to-night.
. With a length of b/2 teet four inches and
"a beam of sixty-three feet, the Korea wftl
displace 18,600 tons on a draft'of seventeen
feet. Some Idea of -the size of .the Korea
ir.ay -be. derived from the fact that" from
the ton to the bottom of the bare hull 13
a. distance of forty feet;vwhile the dis
tance, around her rail is nearly a quarter
of ¦a mile. ¦• She Is to be fitted with en
gines of -18,000 horsepower, sufficient to
propel her at a speed of from eighteen to
twenty knots. The Korea will accommo
date 1450 passengers,, of whom 230-,wlllbe
first" class ¦ cabin oassengers. She is de
signed for the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, to ply between' San Francisco
and Kongkong/jijiggiggigggggp i '
Pacific Mail's New Steamship
Korea Launched in y
tile ljdot.
IMMENSE LINER
FOR OUR OCEAN
» - ¦» ¦
SANTA CRUZ. March 23.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day by a vote of three to
two adopted on Ordinance to prohibit all
saloons In the county.' As the Supervisors
have no Jurisdictibn over the Incorporated
cities of, Santa Cruz and Watsonville. the
ordinance applies only to territory out
side of these two cities. This means that
forty-three saloons arc to be closed. They
aTe in the towns of Boulder Creek, Car
xolitos,'Soqiwl, Aptos, Felton, Laurel and
Glcnwood, besides the summer resorts at
Capitola :md Bon Lomond.
\^ hen the ordinance vras read at the
meeting of the Beard of Supervisors, C
M. Cassln objected to each section. He
represented the Liquor Dealers' Associa
tion. . '¦¦
The ordinance prohibits drinking in drug
stores, and liquor cannot be sold in a dru»r
store, unless by prescription. The temper
ance element wanted the ordinance so
framed that no wine could be sold In the
county, but it was changed so as to not
aftVct this industry. Wine may be sold by
the manufacturers In wholesale quanti
ties." ; :
Ben Lomond and a number of the
smaller towns are making a move to In
corporate, and thus defeat the measure-.
The ordinance goes into effect on May 1
and the violations of Its provisions will be
punishable by : imprisonment of not less
than thirty days nor more than 100 days
or by a fine or not'less than J30 nor more
tnan.?300, or by both fine and imprison
ment.
Santa Cruz Count j Super
visors Put a Rigid Law
Into Effect.
PASS ORDINANCE
CLOSING SALOONS
gage, an attorney it is likely that the
police will, after his trial, destroy " tne
tickets, causing him to lose his prize
money. -:V^'. '
patch from Vladivostok announces that
Major General Keller, director of the
Usuri Railroad, has been asphyxiated in
his car. which caught fire between Kikol
sta and Baransvor.skla. The attendant in
charge of the heating apparatus also per
ished. The conductor saved his life by
Jumping from the car.
Spanish Towns under "Water.
GRANADA, Spain, M?rch 33.— Several
towns in the province of Granada have
been inundated. The floods have dona
great damaee. Part of the crops ar»
ruined, many of the cattle have perishe-l
and a number of houses have collapse'!.
At Ilora, twenty-two miles west-north
west of Granada, half the town is sur
rounded by water and some of the houses
have fallen. At Granada a girl was killed.
Director of a Railroad in Siberia Dies
in the Fire and an' Attendant
Also Perishes.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 23.— A dls-
RUSSIAN GENEBAI
ASPHYXIATED IN A CAB
WASHINGTON. March 23.— TV. W.
Goodrich of California, who with his chil
dren are the only relatives of General La
fayette now living In the United States,
was a caller at the. White House to-day
and paid bis respects to President Mc-
Kinley.
Mr. Goodrich Is a grandnephew of th©
French general and a grandson of Wil
liam Wordsworth", the English poet. He
was born in Hyde Park. N. Y.. while his
parents were visiting this country, and
when he grew to manhood he adopted the
United States as his home. During Xhn
civil war he served in the United State*
navy and was on board the Monitor at
the time of her battle with the Merrimac.
His eon served as a volunteer lieutenant
on the Dixie during the Spanish war.
Goodrich of California, French
General's Grandnephew.
Nation's Executive Receives "W. "W.
Reaction Follows a Period of Activity,
and an Adjustment of Wag-M
Is Necessary.
LONDON, March 23.— The Speaker says
to-day there are unmistakable signs of
more trouble between the masters and the
operatives In the cotton trade. A period
of activity has been followed by a re
action, accelerated by the high prices of
raw cotton and other materials, a poor
demand from India and an almost com
plete stoppage of buying from China. Tha
Lancashire spinners and weavers have
held out longer than their rivals in the
United States or on the Continent, but
the rapid closing down of the mills shows
their turn is coming-. As the American
crop is likely to be insufficient even for
the reduced consumption, there is not
much prospect of low level quotations for
raw cotton to invigorate the demand for
yarn and cloth. If some agreement where
by wages may be adjusted according to
the state of trade Is not soon concluded,
declining profits will force the masters to
reduce wages.
LAFAYETTE'S RELATIVE
VISITS THE PRESIDENT
ENGLISH COTTON MEN"
FEAR MORE TROUBLE
ST. PETERSBURG, March 23.— During
a stormy session of the Imperial Council
yesterday the Minister of War, . General
Kuropatkine, is reported to . have with
drawn the project for the reorganization
of the army of Finland. It is understood
that the opposition of M. Dewltte, the Fi
nance ; Minister, on financial and other
Military Proposition.
Learns of the "Withdrawal of the
Imperial Council j at St. Petersburg
MAY NOT BEORGANIZE
THE FINLAND FORCES
grounds, proved the death blow of the
plan. A milder project is now probable.
9
No News of Sugar Conference.
PARIS, March 23.— The Ministers of Ag
riculture and Foreign Affairs here are not
aware of the convocation of a sugar boun
ty conference for the end of April, as re
ported by the London Morning Post,
though the French Foreign Minister. M.
Delcasse, thinks the news is probably
true. •" itf;fmatm1mtwrwm
Friend of Dreyfus Killed.
PARIS, March 23.— An official dispatch
from Saigon, the capital of French Co
chin China, announces the death of Major
Ducros. an important witness who was
favorable to Dreyfus at the Rennes court
martial. The major took part in the re
cent campaign in North China and was
killed by a fall from his horse. i
Among Those Arrested by the Authorities Is Admiral De Meilo,
Who Headed the Resolution in 1893. (M
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- RIO JANEIRO, Mrch 23.-Baron de
Burgal committed suicide yesterday. It
was believed th<tt the cause was domestic
trouble, but now there is evidence that
the suicide was due to a conspiracy Just
discovered by the- police. Baron de Bur
gal was one of the chiefs of the conspir
acy, but desiring to have revenge on per
sonal enemies he told of the plot and ac
cused various persons. ' Among them was
the Mayor of Rio Janeiro," Leite Rlbeiro.
Baron de Burgal later repented his acts
and now has committed suicide. The au
thorities are still investigating, the con
spiracy. They .have arrested ' Admiral
Custodio deMello;, as banker, Senor;Bor
lido, and many others. , Admiral :de Mello
was chief of the navy ln'the revolution of
1893. • , : . ;.. : - •//¦-•••¦ •¦.; "--••¦•.¦ - '
I Commissaries axe i now conferring with
the Chief of Police of Maranhao.
The dispatch says that a mob" attacked
religious missions and killed four friars
in San Pablo. J v " _t H.-
BULLETS STOP
GOLD-SEARCHERS
Mysterious Shooting in the
House Where Cudahy
Was Confined.
Four Men, Said to Be Seeking Buried
Coin,, Enter at Daylight and
One Is Snot
Down.
Awakened by the intruders Streeter or
dered the men away, repeating bla warn
ing four or five times. They did not an
swer and he opened hia bedroom door.
As he crossed the threshold he opened
fire with a shotgun. One man dropped and.
the others ran. In a minute. or so they
called from the outside and wanted to
know if he had killed their comrade. Ha
told them to come back and get him. The
three returned and at once one man be
came violent and. drawing a knife, said
the man who was 3hol was his brother
and that he would "set even." Streeter
says he turned his weapon upon this man
and feared he would have to shoot him.
too. but he gradually backed into another
The leader of the gang then picked up
a lighted lamp, slammed it into a closet,
and in the darkness the three men dragged
away the body of the wounded partner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. N'ebr..' March 23.— Just befo-e
daylight this mcrnlns there was a mys
terious shooting in the SchneWerwind co.
?age Melrose Hill, in which Ktldie Cuua
hy was held captive and which is now
occupied by William D. Streeter. a rai.
road grading contractor. *jEl3&
Four stransers entered the front aoor
and attempted to,f«rce their way through
the house. Streeter shot and wounded
one or them. The man's confederates
spirited him away and the police cannot
trace him. People who live near by stafa
that the men were after the Cudahy goid
which many gossips have declared to be
hidden in the Schneider-wind cottase.
CHIEF OF CONSPIRATORS IN BRAZIL
BETRAYS PLOT AND COMITS SUICIDE
E OPENINC SALE OF ' CREAT SALE OF , 2
I BLACK SILK GRENADINES. BLACK & COLORED DRESS GOODS i
vr* haT* planned for an enormous business this week In "When Easter arrives you'll realize how popular the soft zSt
5-- oar Silk Deptrtrnent. The season's demand for newer novelties clinging dress materials are. We anticipated the demand months ' —*i
f*— In rich, elee&nt Black Silk Grenadines In exclusive patterns. ago, thus securing- the correct goods In all the new eet colorings. — g
m^ has riven our Silk Department more prestige than <n-er. To- QPPriA! Q rAD TUIC WCPIT '
„- morrow we place on eale over one hundred different styles all Ortl,|Al-0 rUK inlo WttK. . J^-
*£Z rllk grenadine. 44 Inches wide. In stripes, checks, broken plaids 43-inch All-wool Bilk Finish Colored Batiste, a grand fabric
»_ and firures at ;-"iv;iA".v;"»; V« * •;" 'nW" 'I 5h1 ° tor flne dresses; in all the fashionable and scarce colorings, as
mr- Tard f3. *2. .fl...O. 91-SO and «i*a reseda, old rose, bluet, tan, grays, rede. Nile, . sky blue, , plrk. ,.^g
«fc_ nir ... rAM . - ryjr% OH I/O cream, lavender, heliotrope and black. Special at CT|.OO
zz NEW FOULARD SILKS. • Yim 5t>i— - 3
fc Fa*hinn «ajT« Foularfs. We offer to-morrow a new ship- Crepe Finish AlbatTOSS 50C Yard.,
raer.t of handBon* Patln Foulards !n beautiful new patterns. In A new chipmect of 38-inch flne All-wool Crape Finish Alba- ~*»
Ss~ the most exqulrtte designs In small, medium and large paiterna. tross in all the correct Bpring colorings, as reseda green, old rose, ¦
*"" The richest showing of new styles and most of them come in one Kile green, cadet, bluet, pramet, cardinal, castor, tan, gray, pink, -^8
fc: dress length only, so you will have the pattern confined to you.- sky. blue, cream and ; black. . Extra-value.................. PZf\t- Z2a
»- ino pleo«> 24-lrch Peau <ie Sole Foulards, a rich lustrous ; ; #> Tard t/Uv,
& fellSSlSK^^-Jtt 85C SI Black Mohair Crenadines 59c Yard.
is>~ -«• ¦ Atn w £t a. km \#»»«J Our last week' r sales of tills popular weave were phenomenal. ¦>*•
S^ 75C BlaCK Silk Taffeta w4C Xaru. It takes these larpe transactiens to get the pnee down. We will
For M.,nday only, we off er 2 , p,e«. genuine Blac^Swis. tt M^haTr VrelSSK
2=. New Panne Velvets and Satin. SI Black Cheviot, Monday Only, 69c Yd. 3
iT" Just opened a magnificent line of new Panne Velvets and A special purchase of 20 pieces 60-lnch Black Cheviot, shrunk *"*
•^ Panne Satin, in all th« newest spring colorinps at C1.5O and sponged; excellent quality at $1. • For Monday.... OQ/> ZS*
m~ Tard $1.75 and v* Tud'Ovv -•
g A CREAT SALE OF HOUSE FURNISHINGS. 3
"VTe have made extmordlnary preparations for this sale beginning to-morrow. We have worked, planned ' and =3
t: ftuflled toglva ,the people surpassing values in Sheets. Pillow Coses. Table Linen. Towels. Napkins, Bed ;^
Spreads, Comforters and Blankets. Read the extraordinarily low prices and see how we have succeeded. A rare rJS
fc- opportunity for economical housekeepers, hotels, restaurants and boarding-houses. Lack of space permits us to quote — i
S^ only a few of the many bargains offered. z^
fc OQ1/* TARD-* cases 10-4 Pequot H r BACH— 1E0 doxen Hemmed Uun Q^ TARD-200 pcs. 19-lnch Damask -jt
*U2l» bleached Bheetlng. the beet for tTW Huck Towels: size I*x38, excellent OW Crash Toweling, satin stripe, extra
y— wear. Sale price Yard 2314c value at $2 25 doz. Sale price 14c value at 10c Sale price ......Tard Oc
•*— 1Q/- TABX>— 6 cases t-4 Pequot r±r— _ EACH— 100 dozen extra oualltv Qr .TARD— All tdnen Checked Glass — m
lcfC bleached Sheeting, an excellent 5£OC Turkish Bath^ Ttowll. l« £1%, " C Toweling. 19 inchea wide; regular -g
ZZ weartoc cualltr. 6al« pric* Tard 10c lon» by 28 inches wWe; i^ar'viue.'Tiio U *> **^' Sale price .Tard Oo
»rir» TABD— «0 pieces 45-tnch Pillow a dozen. Sale price 25c - r3
IliW Caslc*. a good staadard qualltT. ..««-_., «, ' •'
»- Ba!e price Tard lOo CO-T5DOZEN-T5 dozen Genuine Ger- I COCiT Cll C f\C HCinv ilinr — g
ZZ espm r-Arrr-K ««#» l.™-. «i« Trrvn«r man All Linen Hemstitched Huck A bntAI oALfc Ur ntAUY-MAUt =3
iSS^^HSSSSS SBSffe^^3^ SHEETS AND PILLOW. CASES. 3
S= Sale price 85c g |.O2 23-lnch square An absolute sa^ns guaranteed on well- =^
•T* C1-35 EACH-4 cases extra quality Tr~^' Llnen Da™»sk Napkins, in made standard goods. ~2
Jfc: OI Honeycomb Spreads, Marseilles c *? lc * Patterns; regular value $2. Sale — ¦
»~- pattern*, hrnuncd ready for use; worth P rice Dozen 91.U2 SHEETS.
*£Z JITS- Sale price 91.35 CO 33 DOZE^f— 250 dozen 26-lnch All Hemmed . Hemstitched =5
•"* C1-W EACH-: cases large sire Mar- .r Linen Napkins, extra good qual- 30c.. p :.V. 64x90 . .- -^
fc OI — eellles Bed Spreads, in very choice «y; grand value at J3. Sale price..:..... 42c...,.'...'. €3x90 B2c =S
designs: regular « 50 quality. Eale price.. Dozen $2.33 4J»e. t^: 72x90... *..5ao. -^"
J^; $1J>5 A.As~ TARD— 50 pcs. 60-inch Bleached •»5e. .*...... 81x80 ..65c
"~~ Cl'l« KACH— Fflkollne Covered Com- ,^}?, Table Damask; regular 60c quai- C»Vie..... 90x90 0»c -^»
*^~ O« foners. filled with pure white cot- lt ?- Sale price Tard 44c PILLOW CASEf— SPECIALS.
•»— ton, wry fluffy, large size. In the choicest f»Q/- TARD— €0 pcs 6S-inch Bleached 1Oc each 100 dozen, size 45x36. "*•
8 - " tra " ll5 °- *l\* wJS C fi Ta^- D Jf ma8k - d v q , Ua J!L y - l^c efch. X20 doze^. sue S
g^~ vn°° »1.18 worth $1- Sale price Yard «Tc 15c each. 100 dozen, size 64x36. -•
£ ENORMOUS OFFERINGS..... =|
£ SUITS, SILK WAISTS, DRESS SKIRTS AND PETTICOATS 3
i S27.50Snlh at gH^.^ISH« SS.50 Silk Waists USS^SS I
| $15.95 SSHSSH $2.98 SL-^SfigP i
£ 5iz.uu iiiK reuicoais >-s'« t ,K°;'«;s' o «,„."«,¦" ™.i« P n« » P « VM^ r $2.98^3
f^ f\ f* <ju«Jlty Taffeta SUk. finished In ' ¦ > ****
cj)O.M^ ffiflisSaSr^nS? rsaE SIS.OO Skirts, Each ffisi 4i^k
SSTrt w $12 fcr we^ here - Here whlle °»* 66.95 3)o.9r> i™* il wor\h l ti 5 ned s^ h^°g >£%
g NEW COTTON FABRICS. LACE DEPARTMENT SPECIALS. NEW BIBBONS. 2
r^esuT^^FaST^nSw^rel^ "or Positively the best values of "* -howlng all the latest novelties
Z^ Tour Belertlon; «ome of the season's newest the year. All new choice BTOOds in- " n new s P rfn K ; Ribbons, including a com-
j^ roods at prices that will cause you to buy c ] n fa ng new z \\. over yo kings in Per- P Iete lIne of,. Black and Colored Velvet -m
quickjj. Gold and Silver Luce Mou«i> Ribbons, in all the new spring colorings;
Irish Dimities S^-nr pESST ddt k" de so" swSS chflb J .gSS f ne T d T «»-.-.; m an wt^ at
I C C Yard. BCrolls - etrtpw and flfure9> Linen » Sw5s s and Embroidered P "
i-v iuiut in pretty colorings of pink. R a f:, t i» ¦ ' -^
g— llrht blue, cadet, red. lavender, corn. «a«SIC ¦ _^
reseda, na\-j-. new blue and black and pad If nun it/ niV Af-r-fn •"*
-t: white - FYTRi FnR thiq wccif FOR kONDAY WE- OFFER :
E Mercerized Gin?hani l^ %£%*£ t ? IH * 5 Pfc n CIALS T F0R THIS WEEKt , «~ p— ? a » ra ncy Nor.it, Rib^. 2
E 2£c Yard. ' £g t| ngh S J«.f3«uP^ffl71^ U 8 1 S: a g 1 55; fc^-iaw^^S^^of^iE 3
blue, lavender, rose, g^y "a fancV Cial at Each5»I— whtt.; llrtt blue. pink. , lavender and mats';
£Z stripe,; fine for walstlr.gs. Spe- O^r* regular >alue 25c a yard. For Mon- |p- c =3
«•= da! at !....Tard -£<t)C • N ' Cay lari *OW.^;
fc /H-Wool French ™ 8 £r» xSLi^f.^^^T^?: ' A £?35 ' •" — — : V "f 4 ;¦¦: ¦-. : /^ :
= Challies 50c Yard. «•£, wort h t175 - , Sl>ecl 1^" - Yard $I ~ SPECIALS IN HOSIERY. ,3
&<*». scrolls and flrured effect*: in all' the -! V */ readies' Fancy Hose in all the lntMt mi Z!Z
5= new erring colorings; an endless variet> 15.000 yards good Cambric Embroideries, orinVsl In str^es and no ki Vot K «ic^
p a==s=^=&a 50c ssara'Jttresrffras S^SSSi
•ZI li'PW Wflfl A P^" 11 1Ine of * 1Ilc a^ morrow at .Tart IZijW 60c quality. Special Monday"?ai? 29C
S= "/" " UUI wool double faced flne lm- '.
ZZ WSiclinSS. P° rtea ¦"'alBtlngs Just ,— ' ¦ ' -^
m~- , _, arrived; In the new pastel 10 dozen newest styles Bolero*, in various L4>dl»a' qiiv r>i n »=j v*- tm >„_ , — ri
£ sJsr-s^rbWnsr^'ss^ ass»|SsssH«^lM^ tSS£?i^ I
| aj M !&.r^y M ft,3s i a 75c ssk.!?..*!.* .gsj^s: $4a siE .^.^jjggegic 2
S^ $1.75 GLOVES AT country orders receive prompt attention. 20C LINING
SI ID PAIR .¦¦phi —————— YAQfV
iniUiiuuiumaiiUiuiuiuaiitiiUiuiUiaiUiUiUiuwiiuuuiUiUiaiUiuiuittiUittUiujiiiuR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
X> Undigested, decaying food remnants, in the mouth and stomach, giving off pestiferous gases, are the cause ?)
of that awful breath, so repulsive as to cause a halt in friendship, affection, love,— any form of intimacy ?$
Nobody can stand its overpowering stench, and it is a cause of terrible misery to those afflicted and their dear <$
? ones. There is only one way to cure it— disinfect the digestive canal with GASCARETS! Clean it out, keep it «$•
? clean, let CASCARETS stimulate the lining of mouth and stomach, and put it in shape to. work naturally and ?$
? properly. Nothing but CASCARETS will bring about the desired result. BE SURE YOU GET THEM! >5
\ BEST FOR BOWELS AND LIVER. _^r^^^\ X
? +^°i££l£%Z?£u^^ , n .^K^ BAMT ?J! a t TO .^PBKi Fire rear. *«• the flr«t box of CAS- X
"I suffered from female weakness for five
months." writes Miss Belle Hedrick, of
Nye, Putnam Co.,.W. Va. "I was treated
by a good physician but he did me no good.
I wrote to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo,
N. Y., for advice, which I received, telling
me to take his 'FAVORITE PRESCRIP-
TION.* When I had used the medicine a
month ray health was much improved. It
has continued to improve until now I can
work at almost all kinds of house-work. I
had scaicely any appetite, but it is* all
right now. Have gained several pounds in
weight. I wonld advise all who suffer from
chronic diseases to write to Dr. Pierce."
|§\ it Makes
II Aldl§i^ One is as vitally important as -the other, Mm
iw IW^?i« H " & M - is the on ly brand of skirt bind- fjfi&Wfiid MM
Hg WwMb » n 8" that iooks best, wears longest— costs the ff^W\ PH
II m^MS least, quality considered. You wfll f ind it on 11
¦V Jrutr^. «^ I H F* d 1 T P 13 F* D . TP O A. O P IL/t 'A D VC ' ' \ '¦ V /U«» **|.will'bej'permltted to make a
pilgrimage to Mecca .this ' season ¦ from any
of the infected portions of India. ' *¦>.
Merrily Going On
Is the Bankrupt Shoe Sale; 1506 Market
St.- Every. pair,-of shoes'. will^ be sold',be
fore the week is ;'up. To ". start the", tall
rolllng> \V.% F. v Plpher." : receiver^, will ; offer
to-morrow all $3.50 ladies', and men's shoes
for $1:65. 12 Mind, you,' these are the latest
style shoes i you , have . to pay . J3.50 . for In
any store in this city, yet they will go for
$1.65 at 'the 'Bankrupt - Shoe- Sale of "the
California Shoe Co., : 1506 Market st.. near
City^Hall ave.;, V- . • .; ¦¦':¦'"'¦ •
LINCOLN. . March . 23.— In connection
with a report that a number of fusionists
were considering - the advisability \ of vot
ing for Republicans '. for. United States
Senators, cr absenting themselves so that
a less number might elect, William-'; J.^
Bryan was asked: this •evening ¦ . whether
he ' thought any Democrat or .Populist
would take the responsibility of giving
this aid to the Republicans. Mr. ; Bryan
said: • , . : - ,' ;
"Not unless he is bought. I shall, riot
assume' without evidence that | any,: of ; our
legislators is corruptible. No fusionlst can
have any legitimate excuse '•/ for helping
the Republicans out of their ' difficulty/
They have a clear' majority in both
branches • of ' the \ Legislature, and"; if ; ; they,
cannot agree upon a .suitable man let
them - take the consequences. '?• No - fusion
lst would dare to -face his •'constituenu
Bryan Says Democrats Will
Not Break the Nebraska l
Deadlock.
FIGHT MUST BE
ALL REPUBLICAN
engage in political campaigns on behalf
of the Repuolican party in general and the
present administration In : particular,
wants^the first . place. - and his desires are
seconded by Senators Perkins and Bard.
Marshall B. Woodworth, who landed In
the chief p.ace, has endorsed -Mr. McKin
lay's . application, but the Buckeyes who
are backing -Banning are.- not daunted by
the attitude of the California Senators and
the recommendation of the Attorney. The
fight is on and the prospects " that Mr.
Banning will win out seem to be grow
ing, 1 brighter.. . . . ?
.As an orator with eloquence to sway the
public and swell the party- vote, Mr. Ban
nine is not in Mr. McKinlay's class, but
he has had experience in the office of the
United States District - Attorney. The
story goes tnat Mr. Banning Uncle
Lynch of Canton , was formerly the law
partner of • Juage Day. . and , so Banning,
while ¦ having an Influential uncle in
Lynch, has practically an uncle in law In
Day. Behind ; all .is . the cherished tra
dition of law practice In dear old Ohio
when the youthful Major- McKinley was
looking forward -to the great prize of the
Presidency. , ; . • =
. Senators Perkins , and . Bard .bumped up
against this rare Ohio sentiment when
they ;• recommended' E>. . E. ¦ McKinlay "¦ f or
First "Assistant.- 'The- firmness of the
senior t Senator -and. the .warmth of the
junior failed to persuade the President to
their way' of reasoning.. The npht Is on
and must be i fought to the finish. The
salary, of s the First Assistant is $2500 per
annum -and that - of the . second - only COO
less: Compensation, however. . cuts no fig
ure In the agitation. Mr. Bannlnsr's friends
claim that civil service principles will be
recognized in his promotion from a' lower
to: a higher grade. D. B. McKinlay' s sup
porters maintain that protection toAmert
can oratory will be fitly recognized in the
appointment of their, man. -' -r^ : ;¦ -
after voting for the nominee of a Repub
lican.caucus, and a.fuslonlst who would
absent 'himself in order to. help the "Re
publicans . simply adds cowardice ' to cor-^
ruptij>ility. ¦¦• The fusionists.who have been
honored and. trusted by the reform forces
owe it: to their party to avoid any act of
commission -or omission -which- would
bring: disgrace- on themselves, or ; their
party.:. I' would like to see a lawenacted
making It a capital offense for a repre
sentative to betray a constituency." ¦. -i
, The . ballots for Senators ¦ in : joint con
vention to-day were, featureless and with
out result. Absentees cut down: the vote
of D.E. /Thompson, but his relative por
tion'remained unchanged.'
i Representative .Sprecher, one of the fu
sionist,floor leaders of the House, fell to
the floor in a faint to-day, during. the de
livery, of a speech, : suffering from whar
was at:' first supposed to -be -a' stroke of
apoplexy.' He was carried unconscious to
the Speaker's private e room and i later to
the Governor's mansion, where. -he • re
mains to-night. 1 Physicians pronounce" his
ailment to be extreme nervous prostration
and predict an early recovery. .
'There were fourteen candidates for the
position of United States District Attor
ney," to ¦ succeed , Congressman-elect Prank
I*': Coombs, " but ; the contest was settled
in favor of i Marshall • B. ,Wood worth, . with
out > producing Jundue 'agitation * in ; .Wash«^
lngton Tor3 elsewhere' ;iThe^ happy ; condi-',
tions of the contest for the chief place do
not"' apply ; : to the ; fight r f or- the - office ; of
First Assistant District > Attorntey.
i Edward fJ. : Banning, who served as Sec
ond "Assistant ' when f Mr." Coombs ' was - At
torney. and Mrs.. Woodworth .was First As
; sistanCwants-' the ; place the last
named was "; promoted •', from, ; and in this
aspiration \ he '{ seems * to . be ' sustained ' by
Judge) Day • and \ other. ' eminent - sons v of
Ohio- who i are • privileged to. address \ the
President' as. Major •¦ and talk, to him as
one Buckeye may talk to another. On the
other ¦ hand: D.iE^McKinlay,; who left his
hafipy home in Santa Rosa years ago to
Ohio Politicians; OppqstVthi
Recommendation of On* ;
v "IT. S. Senators.
BUCKEYES LINE
UP FOR BANNING
FOTJB PLANTS ENTER
THE TIN-CAN TBTJST
Factories in California, Oregon and
"Washington Acquired by the
Combine.
ASTORIA, Or., March 23.— Details were
completed to-day for tha transfer of the
tin can factory here, owned by the Pa
cific Sheet Metal Works of San Francisco,
to the American Tin Can Company,, a
trust recently formed to take in all tlu
can factories In the country- R- W. Mc~
Crary of Chicago, who Is here represent
ing the trust, said to-day:
"The deal includes two factories In Cal
ifornia, one in Astoria and one in Fair
hav«n, Wash. The consideration is not
made public but payment will be made
in the stock of the new company, and
Francis Cutting of San Francisco will be
a director in the New York concern. It
is probable that either the Astoria or
Fairhaven factory will be closed, as one
plant can supply the demand from the
Columbia River, Puget Sound, Fraser
River and Alaska. The factory here will
resume work on Friday, after a week's
shut-down to complete inventory. and pre
liminaries to the sales!", »
STJIT FOB POSSESSION
OF A I/ITTLfB HEIRESS
Klondiker Frank Justin Brings Ac-
tion for the Recovery of His
T>aughter. ; ' (
PETALUMA, March 23.— A suit for the
possession of a little girl, who has just
become heir to an estate worth $10,000,
will be begun in the courts' of Sonoma
County the coming week. , The child is
Gertie Justin, and the legal' tangle about
her and her property is giving a big corps
of lawyers something to do.
Gertie Justin is the daughter, of Frank
Justin, a Klondike miner, who .was when,
a child a ward of Mrs. M. B. Perry of this
city. Mrs. Perry died and left her estate
to her. foster son's child. Justin had mar
ried a niece of his foster mother, and his
wife bad died. After the death of Mrs.
M. B. Perry Justin's child was taken by
Its real grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jo
seph Perry; Justin made a demand for
his daughter and the- Perrys will not give
her up; hence the suit. :
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Perry ar© also
contesting the right, of the child to Mrs.
M. B. Perry's money.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— A postofflc©
has been established in California at
Stonehill. Placer County, with Francis H.
Stone as Postmaster/ These Postmasters
have been commissioned — California —
Mary E. Sartoris, Nashville. Oregon-
Edward C. Fawcett. Watkins. Washing
ton — Joseph Y. Waldrip, New Kamllche;
Starr Ballard. Barron. •
In army orders. Captain John Pitcher,
First Cavalry, is detailed as a member of
the examining board at th« Presidio of
San Francisco, vice Major Frank West,
Sixth Cavalry, relieved.
Pensions issued to-day were: California
—Original— John Llngher, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. $10; James McCormick, Vet
erans' Home, Napa. $8. Original widows
—Mary J. Bettz, Santa Ana. $8; Nellie
Eliza Glover, Los Angeles, $12. War with
Spain— Original— Michael Moran, Auburn;
$S. Widows — Lucretia J. Taylor, mother;
Cloverdaie, $12.
Oregon — Original — Gamaliel Davidson.
Condon, $8. Increase— Jeremiah T. Ack
ley, Carlton, $12. Original widow—Min
ors of Erastus Wright. Pilot Rock, $12.
Washington — Original — Burzilla D.
"Wright, Seattle, $6; Reuben. T. Watrous,
Dayton, $8; Isaac W. Swan, Kettle Falls,!
$10. Increase— Mathlas Zeitler, Mount Ver
non. $10. Original widows— Jennie C. Ham
mell. New Whatcom, $8; Margaret D.
Cowgill, Spokane, $8. -
Out of the 304 towns in England and
TV'aies, one-third maintain one or more
public baths. They are crowded; by fac
tory and shop hands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Maxch 23.— Attorney
General Griggs handed his resignation to
President McKinley to-day, to take effect
on March 3L. He will be succeeded by
Philander C. Knox of Pittsburg, Pa., un
less something occurs between now and
next Saturday to change the mind of the
President.
The present understanding of members
of the Cabinet is that Knox has been
definitely decided upon and that his ap
pointment will be announced late next
week. If this programme is carried oun
Knox will be able to take chaxKe of the
Department of Justice as soon as GrirKS
relinquishes his office.
Attorney General Griggs will leave
Washington next Saturday to- resume his
residence in New Jersey. He authorized
the statement to-day that he had formed
a partnership with James B. Dill of Jer
sey City to practice law under the firm
name of Griggs & Dill. He will also be as
soclated as counsel with the firm, of Dill,
Bomeisler & Baldwin at 27 Pine street,
New York. Griggs and his new associates
will make a specialty of corporation prac
tice. Their Jersey City office will be in
the new Commercial Trust building in that
Attorney General Presents His Besig
nation, to Take Effect March. 31,
and Will Resume Private
Practice of Law.
PredicttdChange in the Pres
ident's Cabinet Soon
to Occur.
GRIGGS RETIRES,
KNOX WILL ENTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ r SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1901.
17
THE EMPOBITJM. ' { Tro : | THE'EMPOlHTJM. '| : THE*. EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBITTM.
| Men's Furnishings New Catalogue. c STBSf£ K BylMfr^lSfeBH t¥i3 Garment Hangers. Boys' Clothing* 5
* For Easter. Ou c r l arge ' ? T fT ly illust £. atcd BHE tlvl«VICll illJS Hetv 3 r tnctal * for Iadics> waists Best of Values, S
» u . r !i,rc Spnng .and Summer Cata-' Q 9|P> *^ AsTMfl " or men's coats; rcgulany , -X
1 -SSSSSfc ' '^ Au'ofS^ ¦ t^f^£^tec'totW^ loc each; Monday only- fil X
J Egg jRML^ft S standard ihz^ s out-of-town folks. CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. 4 for 25 O Monday onlv: UjT "^
*T eg B fl£ff3ffVflX in high stand- '-._- ...,-. y Boys' K tc Ptnis SYkP^K "*¦*
&^M^^\ hfg^T'an^ Eas ' er C ards > 'Booklets, Bibles and Prayer Books now on sale in Book "Department. SfSrl^f^S f^f^lX
* a BPrfOf |^>M turned down ff"*»**4^s- fTb swo tn* nf. -r. mm *t> rf P „-, . . «-» \ = mcrsf, Krongly made. ®K , ' " A) "?
5 colors, made of , K^£m ) &m\Gm f * F^t^GBS^ M^S&U iQ US \ •!«« tbr age. 3 to 16 ff/ j'-dl X
g ~T good four-ply ¦•. mmm*m**w,+rm m m s^ff+wa +m*m**mM<+* \. ¦ y«n, worth 5 oc and kW 1 JU X
* SS^C sO&y coon en Brand - 3 Cannot delayed now— Easter Sundav 'two weeks [ram to-day. Dressmakers and mil- I Ml : I
*; B&Mwwyy/ for soo liners are already bein* overworked. You must make your plans for Eister apparel this «/ oni y J R'&g % r/j] x
$ A "™ Bt ™25c we/k - The big store is ready with fashion 3 's most exclusive styles in silk •;'¦¦ ~^ c U J * 5
5 y® # Boys-" criU™— 2 arid woolen fabrics y charming m/M^ °^ wei nd" e .uitTof ]&?%/* 5
i { r n^ Bo h znd neckwear, gloves, and the Kmcmp f other accessories to a complete Easte? toilet: wo01 Wnc ch:Tio ° ~~ 5
tf IOO each. ° - 7 -¦ ¦¦ r • - ¦ ' b an excellent all-the- %
»? New Gloves— for walking or diiving, Dent's. :^- — ; - : '-* '¦' mmmm mm mm ' ; ¦> _m._._ year round weight, handsomely embroideTed JB
% new walking gloves in new tan srudrs, Jg>3^ B <€* ****»£* G&P BMW KBh BB9£*IW%W € W (%SS ihicldi and collan, prcKily braided in black £
J> Fowne'i English Walking Gloves; prr $#.5 J Jyft?S^5^^^» L^ yn« $^,<VJ £
S 1 En ? H h Ci P cI > iv;n ?G.ovcs-al outside seams, Sw^^^^^^^L B-Z*B*SBf* GIB* Z&lf fJ ff* KB 22 l+t ** JrfL Boys' Russian' Blouse SuuV-The latest and '*
2 Am=iican m alceWakui S Gov«-pa.rS#.Op S^MmS^M * I * JP ** B - I li Ml partkuar «uk of aU-wool blu S ch=r:ot ha. X
£ Men's F«ncy H0Sitry-S0me beautiful ncye.- Bm^g^B^W mfmf£* ff§ f tih K&*Z&CMd*- \\\J P "•&« fitting knickerbocker trousex., is hand-
* u« junrecen-ed from New York just as are 1^ W&> BBBGPBB* WZZ&O. ZfB *W M B Big* *3 &g BJf * UW lomely trimmrd and smbroid.rcd and h« nice "J
S> now being shown by the swell haberdashers oi v^v :^i ] W'' ; ¦^ ; ' • n" I K * rt W «
•^ that city, in th: new vertical stripe erlect, (2Wr- ¦ >**-f^ llo\7Af q/i 4rr\ \\"\a nionlair r\Y\/\ t-**^«A\ » • , • ' f^EZ 5
•f pair sjo && : ±%& " UcVOLcQ lO inc GlSplay ana /N* „ rti ri ip !? a! pnce ••••/••• 9 , w tl^ 5
T* T . h %i""n"tl'W-'"X i"."J- » S^. - . /-. «-• I'll Boys' Top Coats, made ot »ll-wool tan Carrtrt
» The New Derby T.e-the r=ry latest »^men . ¦ • . J^pgfeK^ . : ¦ . . oo p O f tKp Wr> nHcniTlP^t / whh velvet «llar; perfect fitting garments J
i neckwear a long narrow four-m-hand, IK OWJ/g^^ ' ' "V«^jJ^- ¦ Odl^ OL LIIC IICbL )I that you would pay '^ tor and be getdng J
*.• inches wide, in a hundred new spring pat- i^J/Oj \ J%2 sa -' t *+~i£^± Jk»^^\ \L.Jj£r ¦'¦&%. ¦ ' • T™* » TVT t , • I y IK /i- «
k - c n h sandcolorin ss,canb : wcrneithe^e, new Easter Novelties i-i/l\ £»>£¦. ,!t.!!T.^! S3.4S :|
y Grenadine Windsor Ti:s and Wine's arettts— /^5^(^^^S^ in MillinPTV \A/^ 1 U"- / </ TriT^ "5
I also the new bo. tie shown in il.u,r»tion, W^^^^M WM^WF^ J J ' lY / T ", // J/ IKK Sprint, NotiOHS. X
% /or hgh band turned down collar,, each 5^/ V^j^g^ in^ HatS, fine DfeSSe^, fine Jack" \K\\ Sr|k M _5br rioboaend.- eaeh 5
S 'fd&fi-^S'Srt: T^^W W^fl^ ets, Fine Skirts and Waists. Win' J^-^'^EjoW* ?
best ready-made co'orid shirts on the market; - : «^ . . . .. c i""*"r»" ;••••«*•«*«•«**»
J they fit right, are acutely correct in rt;le, ~~ \ " : \ Z '. ', " ..-...¦ . ¦ ™ "OS* 5u;p 3 r(cr$— Per P« r --- •••• •• - ¦ J
||| S)»^S5I i SS-2'£ Mew Silks, Fancies and Black, and g SSiiS^S I
I . ¦ tso TmhkZ' al* . 11 New Satin Foulards. 1
JC; On Monday only, ; i ooo Irish linm Writing A bewildering array — everything new. and novel that^will be. worn this Spring and Summer— an incomparable as- Horn Hair Pins — Doien.../Oo to OQo X
5 Tablets, letter, packet or note sire, €% sortment of corrrct Parisian and Domestic designs at prices not likely to be duplicated elsewhere for similarly good styles F« a *h er Stitched Braids— Piece . X
J- regularly , 5 c each, will be o^d at,,8O and . : ; ; " 5.*^^^^;^%?.^ 5
S : c/u//cfc Foulards. Grenadines. Silk Flannel. 20o to 7Bo 5
x vwyusn, verviceauie CarMs crh -, cs pronouncc our Ewter dVay of Do know of anotheV s - orc that can sfcow A^ Kiattamt ' 1l t^ nmita&t^ mAS sk l™&*ft\ u ?*'**\ 2 °°*°2l x
g. ' Wash Materials. F °f<* >** P rettiest , in "> wn - Th«ebe.u- you more Awioodilfeent design, inGrena- n^-, Tafflta r^ ia . most dc . fa^.' S^iweTt styw/ ° #5 ° 5
s s&w^i^^ s^^g^ii^^ »-^ |
j> . uation dres ; es, confirmation costumes, etc we c ffecti that are the most popu'ar th.s se«on. of. - Our Grenadines -are 44 to 48 inche* demand for ihrt waists; width^ 20 to 24 «
1 s|^g!^g| USSi^^ isS^fei^i 7ziorJL n m - 1
tf Fine French Organdits-68. inches wide, 24 inches wide, per yard, 85c, » tf# _^ • Black Silk. rUC© 01*63111 If
i' Fai^k lh i^j2S»J inl Y^i"552 ' |l>00> |lVaS ••••••• "' 5^ CrettB dO Chine. We have almost eve-y weave of Black Silk Does a.ay with the use of face powder, be*^ J
£ N^oSi2SiL 2^l£S'iikSK te/an Panne » 8 fs. ¦ Tho8e mojtly 5 ; demand :„ lo.. Demon- |
llg^^S^P^P^^ c^aPeS^cS- — "J- I
I mm^^^^& ,<^^~...... s £o6 .^M^ :^^ a;S5 y / es /;7cn' S I
l{ Black Wash Greiadi .cs— Fancy openwork, in \ Slid! BOifS* MstS *'*
I '¦ :rr/"-^"""I'feioido New Parasols— Half Price, mo** Ready. \
*C j ; V, -\. '-¦¦ m^ma- ¦'¦ ¦'»' • " - * John B. Stetson's n-" 5— "ng styles, in Der- §
I Victory Hosiery J§§|pl Monday. ' £££* |
Sf *Oi* Spi*tng. %&Jri^#J&^$i Wc '"^ secured "^ra 1 hundred Parasols, made fcr Spring and Summer, 1 90 1— only one of a kind— at half C ""^ |s| S;\ # jj
ft? Ladies' 40-gauge Maco Cot:on Hose, Herms- &*>y-2£rf'?^r«P^f l-Tiaker's price. The lot includes the v ry latest styles of coaching, carriage and lace trimmed Paraso's and up-to-date f f" 0Tcr p^.|^t. -SiN X
£ dorf b:ack, unbleached sole or entire un- Sun Umbrellas. To-morrow (Men 'ay) only you can buy our Summ.r Paraol for jut half the pri:e you will have £ e^ ountrv V^^^ 1 '-^^g^ "S
J bleached foot, or all b.'ack, made as all goods t-^rA^jS^r^^V. to. p«y for it at any time during the next two or three months. .V J' T ' jc
»f are bearing the Viet ry brand, in the very '* '.^¦;': 5~J z . 5 o Parafols $1.25 I5.00 Paraso's $26O .'$7.50 Parasols $3. 75 $10.00 Para»'sS5. OO Tot 'at" 0 '^ '^\ «J
J^ best possible manner for the money, . .-¦-:..¦ . . ¦¦ : • ; *i»2» on JL^ "I "
K LadLV P «Vra '««;;¦ two'-thrVad'AUco Cotton S^ff* WU SB9B P BBBSjB DB+&*^^ FS2 BS B+Bife^ - ' '5
!j| Hose, Hermsdorf black, high sliced heel, ' ' *'" *^: W^ ' **B~ m . ' f.-SW. . .. m^- m - *"**-*** * '"*** a *"**W Boys* ' — "= Jt0^ %
! J| double sole, finahed by hand, the Victory ma ": " : - •¦'""•¦•»' - ' -;- '' * » '^%' • A - ' , "- ¦ ¦¦ . ¦Lst w Sailor - «*
J i^iie.-imponeiHerr^dVrfBack\oDttonHose * We'claim thl' 'greatest 'collection of po$ular-priccd'DrcVj Fabrics for Spring and Summer that is displayed in this J??^ *£*" m 5
a> . with vertical impes and figurej, --^ ' • «,; '¦" . . o .-- . ¦ j -n l / j „• r j -it v • i t • i i widths or bnm $Z5O tO $2mOU X
guaranteed rastco!ors,'pair 23c Clt y* T fae ? ss . ortmen t3 [ arc.yery large tnd will be , found . satisfactory and . practically unlimited. Inquiry reveals that our — Jt
K, Ladies' Fancy Lisle Thread Ho:e in an almost pr : ce3 are ; from 15c to 50c -pei 1 yard flower than people who have looked around town expect to pay for such qualities. Solif&fC Exfa Dltion. °«c
S^I^-STtVS* CheC - k$> fe *\?P^> *^ '£>^V^ ChaviOtS 29O- In our Art Rooms, on second floor, we have jj
£ new spljr cXines Wr SOc yards .oP these handsome 40-mch all-wool Striped Cheviot mixtures in ten new and pretty Spring col- on exhibition a collection of enlargements, made §
» Chi dren's Fi e Ribbed Cotton Hose, imported orings; will- make very natty and serviceable suits tor either street or outing wear; regularly -50c per -« «i>h the Soldak Camera. People interested in
J Hcrmsdorfback and a sorted shaoes oftan, r yard ; 4 . to-morrow ; / . . : .. .T . ./..... /. % . ... .... . . . . ... mmZ&C t^M^m^" ccrdially to * e thh won - g
$ cariuiil, Pink, sky' and white, — 3Wnch Srped Walstings- Silk! and Wool- 30-inch' Silk Striped Chillies, th? favorite faSric 38-nch VenetiaV Mixtures-AU woo'; 15 " m^ ¦ '~Z X
ft *^ " **** - the prevailing fad; 6 different de igns, and all ' for ultra-fa;hionab'.e hou e waists and dinner ¦ styiish mixture); very dresty; yard m% t9z* nlst n SF&Gm*t2S OH \t
K of the new spring color'ngs; per — — gowns; exquuite dfiigns; beau" iful colorngs; .."... SOO rm ' a S0'^ m *^ m^2 ****. '^
J $2.50 SpOOnS $1.66 - I** •¦¦¦y---- ..-..>• TOG -our^assortment h » ;fccen P r °- tff /•*• 44'irch Silk and Woo! Crepes and OeHinne- WtBIStSm X
5 A special purchase of 100 setj of. Wm A 46-inch Woo! Etamiae ToiU— One of the nounced the best in town; yard iDl.UU In all the new shales; most fash:onable fab- Among the novelties shown in the April num- J
V" Rogers' triple platei taJespoons, 'guaranteed most popular weaves for summer wear; a fine f -. ric for fpring and fummer; pric«, per yard, ber of The Delineator are Shirt Waists for $
£ to have fuU standard weight of pure sUver on ™« h 5 "» '3 be««iful co.or- 48-inch French Pique Serge -Very much in $1.75,^.00, $z.* 5 and.. . -^ mea and women, with Raglan sleeves, a J
J • » per cent nickel base, regularly :$i. S o for J^rrt;;. ¦ W»i' / * 'v ' '"* '~ v •""? «f Pi5 \(Y'Ck\' Win ¦- V^ 9^T U French nightgown with sleeves that axe open J
X \ set of 6 will be placed on spe- 40-Inch ._ Black Etamlne— Very popular; no- the new sprng thades; yard. . &immZO 44-inch Black Batiste and Crepe— The most to the shoulder, and three or tbnr practical 5
K • cial sale sot Ot 6 SH.66 **"** C ' iC * UCh fint makM " SUch V " y ' ' " of our stock is Priestley's famous m»Jce; ex- and pretty maternity gowns. The millinery X
j£ • ' reawnablc prices; per yard |i.oo, f 1.25, 48-inch French Satia Prunella— A h'gh'.y quisits fabrics and splendid values; per yard notrs in the April number are very complete X
* Ficth lf£»41ta*s t^ 0 ?? 1 :™™^'--^ ¦ Ji.oo, $1.25, $1.50,11.75 tfO n#1 tnd helpful, and are out ia time to afcet 5
r iSn FieiVteSm .....;.. v ....t........ &£.£& and excellent value; yard . /. . &i.5U and. &2.UU E^ter Hats and Bonnets. j*
5f Special Baruain* , v . ...- ., __ •-. . ,_ n _ „ ¦¦ ' " . . '.' '"'•_' , -'""-.".. ' ; -' ,.'. ;: . .".'¦ — — — ~z-z — rrr — — — ouru*uairausup P iyofe«« i « i pW';irPa« i - x
«" H^y^T»-,6.^£ 9 ,.25s The New Gloves Neckwear and Veilings SrffeX?3iwta££i s
g, 1 8-inch, $1.50; io-inch, $1.75. Bffl^i-^i— flT^ jf #^ M iT MA^ M lustrated latest novetits. ' :5
Jtf IO¥* £L£B$XGI*m - . :. ; . > . JOrCaSlGIV Pattern Department-Main Floor. : : "» j|
* SH&li &kH3l£m AT .u o • f .v i . A gorgeous collection— a bewikering variety ot th: correct dressings — *w »m *. m *.• m X
J 9BmS0€0 &&§& More than 8ooo pars of the latest j g a^: Scarfs and Bows-maie of mat.-ral, and -JZ TOllet Articles. X
$ Groceries —LittUOrS rgTTgSeT^g^ s * v ' e gl°y cs fr o?> ,the>:st makers in H gh t coloring, for spring and summrr. Jjjfe* High Grado~Low Prioos. 5r
?: Note the biz savin« that can hr W^yVftVVM thc wond arc read X for Emporium Taffeta Silk Stock Collar, ani J bots-- jg&mt Witch Ha«el-8o«. glass stopper bottls../^© {5
J. Corn-best Maine, 10 tins Y.$UuO // \ (Motl'VCtl, J UV tl, DltlU, Exqusje Point Venice ard Swiis em- ¦ KirkVsnowberry Bath' Soap*-l"cake . '. ! ! . 4 O I
K Corn— lest Western, (3 .ins &1.QO // \ A exandre R'vnier Ptemiere '^'"O^Cilw ¦.;.;,_. A IMS /( ! ll Iris Toilet Soap—highly perfumed, formerly :5
S." P.'«5— GocienRu'e Brand, 10(ias..3#.OO U \ ex a nare > K.ymer, rtemiete. ... ....25C, 5 JO, 75C \JfMM. IW 4 oc a box of 3 cakes, now 25O X
% SI ced Pincapp'e-b- t, 5 t; s $1.OO I J ~r7i Fowties, Emp'eSS, TreiCUSSe. Novfl jy , B ° use / rcn !.r* ( ?' U "f. !u . tt L^^lt JiU* Girard Rls Imported Extracts-ox bcrJes 50 O -*
S ati U p-the National Pure Fool Co., pint I Y* l finest qua ity B ack Suede GWs : . . T 1 ?/-' tt^ soT^i' "ifij NKW if California Violet Water-true and lasting oJor, jj
J bottles, regu.r,5c, Monday, sboue. U ...^.^ *#-« A «/-7^ Au^Jk ' aJftoAJ^eK inZ S
*v Stlmtf'* I . . ¦ . ». _. „. c . .. • " j - • ¦ . .•«.__ _. _ rVratt* il£> I ¦ Koyal 1 ootn rowaer — m patent cans . . . JUO **
* Vuhlnjt Sod.-100-lb Sicks $UCO l W N- P^Goves for taa-orWe surs . ngS 50o, 75C. mW^f l Riza Imported Bay Rum-S oz. 2 SCJ 1 6 c? 5
J Imported Sardhvs-good quality, 12 (ins.... . , I .....\ ' * 5o £
ft r..... ............... .! Sf.OO B °y*' and G:rV rea^ G love »— P««y colorings.;.;.-... ;.$f.OO ., Wlndjor Scarft for <"»ung suits. .'......' ;/. •-!/*• w "* jj
K Silmon— pYntA:a;k,;J2Uns'..'.'.'.5f.OO ...$I.5J ' li!" illf, 110 *,,^? 0 ' f'« OO It „ , i • i t H-^ CL AM 4 A 5
J Port br Sherry-gcod qualities, tbat scU regu- Ladi-s' Empress Glov»-aU colors - f flJ The Choicest COllecUon Ol Novelty Nzck Rulb eVCT Shown BCUOhSCtS. {
S XtoS C> 1U " qUarti '«f°« a^ * $7.5O Two quaitie, «or double be^ win. becloud j
? j: Bolh nWhY,k;;'K^;i;;^!;?fc?r? the Utc8t Pari8 P o:n * b » :k » and three, atentf«teneri-tb«egW, O'trich FeathrB^-New sh.pment,- black and coots. ... .. out at hx lc* than the materaJ co^ because J
| Bourb.nWhlskey-Kentucky Belle, Z bottles we cab!c jcwn d ar . guirantced t0 fi : pe^.ctly-a most extent N " V " V m ••• y- ••••••• -$1250 to we have but the one s-xe ,n each J*
* •_•••• ••• ....$1.QU value— per pair • SI SO l V- «Hin|S--Several-larg: express shipment hcluduvj many en- 8 ixoo inch, Bleached Sheets; each B^O X
t. Champagne — Baron Roederer, pmti, on Moa- . , j ... J : " "'l^','""-' I' '"'""'"""" '.j tirely. new design , have tea* lecrived for Eaiter — prices, per i ard. 8 1 xoo inch, ; genuine double warp linei-finisa X '
* dayonly, 3 b^lt'es. ......... ..^#.C/O .All of OUT Gloves fitted atldWirr anted: .....:..:...............;..... .25O t 5OO*> $1*50 . Bleached Sheetsj each 5I%O \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OILS.
tUBniCATTNO OIX-S. LEONARD & ELLIS.
118 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main' 1719.
FRHSH AND SAL r MEATS. ¦
14^ RHVF^^ri EWPPlriir Butchers. 1M
JA> BUI CO (IVJ- clay. TeL Main 1294.
PRINTING. -
E- C* HLGlIESi CU Eansome st. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDER*.
THE H1CK6-JUDD CO..
a First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTEH.
SO. California p A fiTRIDCE '¦
e!3 P R I (Ph Loflln & Rand Waterproof
I Bnfl Hmokelees Powder. In bulk
I! C nrJg anii loaded in shells.- Send
H BHuR H for cataloirue of sporting
r" 1 *!*- GEO. W. 6HREVK.
733 Market st
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maibi
DIRECTORY
on Application.
COAL. COKE A <D PIQ IR )X.
J C Vi ILSON CO m Battery Street.
Jl/- nlL2Un L MJ-. Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
T W CW1TH Sh iP Plumbing, Steamboat and
!•• TT« -iUII Hi Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washlneton st- Telephone Main £641.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EARXT AND WASHINGTON 8TS.— RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KING. WARD 4
CO. European plan. Rooms, EOc to tl SO day;
15 to W week; Ji to J20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre crates In every
room; elevator runs all ntcht. -
W.f* ' <J>\ ¦¦¦! I I HI I I ITsffy C V^
r jJ
MARKFT bT- Sx
CURES MADE EVERYWHERE.
Every Form of Piles Yields to It.
In spite of the fact that the Pyramid
Pile Cure is so well known at a certain
cure for every form of plies,' there are
Btill many people who think a surgical
operation the pnly sure cure.
Hundreds of thorough trials In the
hands of physicians and patients have
proven beyond a doubt, however, that
surgical operations for plies are unneces-
sary, cruel, many times dangerous to life
and a relic of barbarism. The Pyramid
Pile Cure will cure any form of piles ef-
fectually and without a particle of pain
or inconvenience, at slight expense and no
danger whatever, as it is perfectly harm-
less. The way It affects patients who use
it may be inferred from the following
from Mr. E. Crook of Waterloo. Iowa:
Gentlemen— I have used the Pyramid Pile
Cure and it is out of sight, the best thing
I ever tried. I think it has entirely cured
me. I have told Mr. Knapp. our druggist
here, about It and he has ordered some.
This remedy is a great thing for piles.
From Mrs. C. G. Spillman, Huntsville
Ala.: Not long since you sent my hus-
band some of your Pyramid Pile Cure,
and it did him so much good that I want
to write to you and tell you about it, as
he suffered very much and nothing seemed
to reach his case until he tried the Pyra-
From J. D. Roberts, Mount Moriah, Mo.:
I have used the Pyramid Pile Cure and
results have been entirely satisfactory.
There can be no question but that it is a
certain and lasting cure for plies, at least
It has so proven in my. case.
Miss Easter. Nunley of Tracy City
Tenn.. writes: The Pyramid Pile Cure
has done my sister more good than any-
thing she has ever taken. I have
nothing but words of warm commenda-
tion for it.
The Pyramid Pile Cure has become rec-
ognized as the only standard pile cure
strictly on Its merits ana. what it has re-
peatedly done In obstinate cases, both In
private practice of reputable physicians
and In individual cases.
It Is so cheap as to be within the reach
of all classes v of people, and druggists
everywhere state that' it gives, universal
satisfaction, which can hardly be other-
wise when It Is remembered; that It Is
composed of the best remedies , known to
the medical profession in treatment of
rectal diseases. It is prepared by the Pyr-
amid Drug Co., Marshall,' Mich.;" and for
sale by all druggists. - ::
e&Z7i& l> " t ~^&*fi r^rredj for Gonor'L'ea,
Gleet. Spermatoi rho a.
A*VS_f Cunsind char«i or any inflwnma-
fl**Jf >><» t» laieurf. Uud, i ritatiun or ulcera-
U» < rnrtziM eoLi*p«B. tion X nncom m»m-
&7»%*KtEvJlKSCKtw:ri!.Ca. b'a° M - Non-astringent.
TjwraWjrtR&iW fi.oo, or 3 bottle., n'i.
B ':_ mlar seat en requtMi
3vierr OR JORDAN'S orcat
dHUSEUM OF atiATOMY
a Ch irr. y t ,r.rt? er. tat e±tr±, s.r.sa ,
T XjT Tttc Largest Aauomical MuMua in tfcc
A -iJm*-^ V/oiid. WekluutM* «r iiy conmclpa i
V SS*W «!»«•»• P»"***"«-'y ¦¦»'•* "y the ol<i»it'
Or I JfT LJ I SiHTiillg ca ttm. Cn«m fist. 36 j ems%. '
A fi^£?6 t». JCRDAN-FRIUTE 0!SEASE3<
X l(*SJ^3 Ccs>ralt«rtoa fnt tnd rtrictljr priitta.
U m Is^ikt li Tn rncni pcrseulljr or bjr letter. Ai
\B ff tIH Po**— C*r* in every cm* undert*k cm. "
Arit UO> *nufaf sool raiLo«orar«f j
V • H 111 MiUBHtt. MAILED FRMM. (A\
X J Jj, vkluaM* book for arcf
7 D II i 6 a I) A X A CO.. 1X1 Market Ht. , 6. F.
PAPINTA
HER BEAUTIFUL TEAM OF HACKNEY
HORSES. DEWEY AND SAMPSON.
Also TWO HANDSOME TRAPS.
On Account Leaving for Japan.
For particulars Address
W. J. HOLPIN. Hotel Langham.
Any Evening, 7 O'clock.
ra. wcitq woa tea and herb bxhitariux.
764-766 CT.AT STfiEET.
San Francisco. Dec 24. 1900.
WS9&A To all whom it may concern:
V In December. 1SS9. 1 was taken
&>££ j! sick with Black Typhoid Fever.
1?^ 3r j the most virulent type known
fcfc JL f to medical science. I had hem-
JJCr^w^V orrhages. both r.asal and lntes-
•#^9vihSPu»V9 tinal, eicht of the latter occur-
v^j?r7--!\v "¦= in cne d *>- D^ Wong
yyt» inL'itJt" Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
rician, was called, and with one dose of hi?
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby savins '
ray life, a« I had been given up by my white
Vhysician. ** *'ell as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four wwks, but by Dr. Wong Woo'«
• wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
.fatal of a]l fevers. Although I was confined to
rcy bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation la six months from the time I went to
.bed. and now I weigh 202 pounds, more than I
"had «ver attained previously. I would cheer-
fully nwommrad Eh-. Wong Woo to any one in
nee4 ot a first-fla** phyelclan for any cause
•whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden
/Gat* ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
; /^Syik BOTTLE LURES
/ MCBURNEY'8
/^£» V*}$ts !Cidnpv tB< ' Bltddtr
f tt f) W •^•vlUCjr CURE
j Zjr r A thorough cure for
*\ . p«iss in the back,
O J i BHIGHT'S DISEASE,
24 f I female trouble*, lncon-
aence of crlne. brick dnst deposits, bed-
*ettln; of children, gravel, pall eloaas.
drops j. diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
; No Percentage Drug Co.. 949-931 Market
I »t.: Dahlbender I>rug Co., 214 Kearny st.
I Send 23c in 2c stamps to W. F. McBumey, ,
i <3S S. Spring 1 st, Los Angreles, Cal.. for 3 |
t <Iay6' treatment. Prepaid (I 50. Druggists. !
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Few Facts on the Same Sub-
We hear much nowadays about health
foods and hygienic living, about vegeta-
rianism and many other fads along the
line.
Restaurants may be found In the large
cities where no meat, pastry or coffee is
served and the food crank is in his glory,
and arguments and theories galore aa-
vanced to prove that meat was never in-
tended for human stomachs, and almost
make us believe that our sturdy ances-
tors who lived four score years in robust
health on roast beef, pork and mutton
muet have been grossly ignorant of the
laws of health.
Our forefathers had other things to do
than formulate theories about the food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind from bacon to acorns.
A healthy appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet? and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the most nutriment in a
highly concentrated form and is digested
and assimilated more quickly than *Vege-
tables and grains.
Dr. Julius Remmson on this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
In health and of low vitality should eat
meat and plenty of it. If the digestion is
too feeble at first it may be easily cor-
rected by the rejrular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after dinner
•will dicest several thousand grains of
meat. e££s or other animal food Jn three
hours, and no matter how weak the stom-
ach may be no trouble will be experienced
if a regular practice fs made of using
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
supply the pepsin and diastase necessary
to perfect digestion and every form of in-
direction will be overcome by their use
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat plenty of mea.t and insure its proper
<5ig-estion by the dally use of a safe, harm-
less digestive medicine like Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, composed of the natural
digestive principles, pepsin, diastase, fruit
acids and salts, which actually perform
the •work of digestion. Cheap cathartic
medicines, masquerading under the name
of dyspepsia cures, are useless for indi-
gestion, as they have absolutely no effect
upon the actual dipestion of food.
Dyspepsia in all its many forms is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest food
and the sensible vray to solve the riddle
and cure the dyspepsia is to make daily
use at mealtime of a preparation like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which is in-
dorsed by the medical nrofession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples.
A" drugsrists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50c for full treatment.
A little booklet on cause and cure of
Ftomach trouble mailed free by addressing
r. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
ADVESTISE3O2JT&
Tabouret, oak or mahotrany f-j
' finish. ' Wc furnish entiro £j
homes; flats and roominar K
houses. Let us give you an 9
estimate. Cash or credit. Free 6
delivery within ioo miles. g
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., ' |
33S-£43 Post Street, f|
' Opposite Union Square. - NTHE SWEET SINGER
Is Sembrich,
LAVISHLY GIFTED
"Raises a clamor of heartfelt vexation"
that anybody should enjov even the hap
piness of being asleep! What an admlr-
Mrs. Dudgeon (cutting her. short) — Oh.
yes^ — you've plenty of excuses, I daresay,
dropped off! (Fiercely, as the knocking
recommences.)
Mrs. Dudgeon— Wake up: and be
ashamed of yourself, you- unfeeling, sin
ful girl, falling asleep like that and your
father hardly cold In his grave!
The Girl— I didn't mean to. I dropped
off
The Girl (sitting up)— "What Is It?
Mrs. Dudgeon (threateningly) — Well,
why don't you wake up? (She sees that
the girl— her niece— Is asleep and Im
mediately raises a clamor of heartfelt
vexation). Well, dear, dear me! Now
this Is — (shaking her) wake up, wake up;
do you hear?
Who that ever lived In a little New
Kngland village . can fall, to recognize
Mrs. Dudgeon? Her face "even at Its
best, is grimly trenched by the channels
Into which the barren forms and observ
ances of a dead Puritanism can pen a
bitter temper and a fierce pride. She is
an elderly matron who has worked hard
and got nothing by it except dominion
and detestation in her sordid home and
an unquestioned reputation for piety and
respectability among her neighbors —
phort of flat felony she enjoys complete
license except for amiable weakness of
any sort and Is consequently, without
knowing It. the most licentious woman in
the parish." Would I had space to quote
here the entire opening scene where by
action and interaction the traits above in
dicated—her character— are admirably
brought out. But two or three speeches
must suffice. ;
Into Mr. Shaw's humorous explanation
of this paradox, lack of space forbids me
to go; to be appreciated It must be read.
Suffice it here to note that his construc
tion, as he so frankly concedes, is in
deed perfectly conventional and. on that
account, successful with the groundlings;
were this all. his play would not be worth
printing. What gives it vitality Is the
portrulture of three characters— Mrs.
Dudgeon, the Puritan mother; Mr. Ander
son, the fighting preacher, and General
Burgoyne. the aristocratic \ soldier — all
drawn to the life. In the most finished
stylo of dramatic art. - . .
Of the three plays In this book. I pro
pose to-day to deal only with one, "The
Devil's Disciple." As Mr. Shaw points out
In his sub-title, this pretends to be noth
ing more than a melodrama, and was
evidently written (for Mr. Mansfield) with
a direct desire for financial success. To
quote from the author's preface: "It
does not contain a single even passably
novel incident. Every old patron of the
Adelphl pit would, were he not beglam
ored in a way presently to be explained,
recognize the reading of the will, the op
pressed orphan finding a protector, the
arrest, the heroic sacrifice, the court
martial, the scaffold, the reprieve at the
last moment, as he recognizes beefsteak
pudding on the bill of fare at his restau
rant. Yet when the play was produced
In 1S97 in New York by Richard Mansfield,
with a success that proves either that the
melodrama was built on very safe old
lines, or that the American public Is com
posed exclusively of men of genjus, the
critics, though one said one thing and
one said another as to the play's merits,
yet all agreed that it was novel — original,
as they put it— to the verge of audacious
eccentricity."
HEARD melodies are sweet, wrote
Keats, but those unheard are
sweeter-thls is generally true of
plays also. A few of the plays
we hear may be sweet, but
sweeter (that is, better) are the many we
don't hear, but which fortunately we can
new read, thanks to the passage of the
anti-piratical international copyright law.
To speak plainly, the proper place for the
dramatic critic, three times out of four,
is not in the parquette chair but in the
study chair; when occupying the former
he is doing little but help the theatrical
manager to earn a handsome interest on
his capital by giving him a free advertise
ment on Tuesday morning; when occupy
ing the latter he is at least engaged in
calling people's attention to something
worth reading, since he cannot discover
for them much that 13 worth hearing.
Look, for Instance, at the play b.iils of
the San Francisco theaters for the past
week: "The Colleen Bawn," a fair melo
drama forty-one years old — and what
else? Nothing! For Italian opera has
long since ceased even to suggest any
thing dramatic.
As we turn wearily away from the drear
prospect of this dramatic desert, the last
direction in which we should think of
looking for relief is Chicago, yet oddly
enough it is from Chicago there comes to
me this week a book of plays interesting
enough to renew my waning faith In the
possibilities of the drama and to make me
believe again, with Charles . Lamb, that
the theater is indeed "the most delightful
of recreations." For I defy any one whose
nervous system Is less stolid than that of
a mastodon to read Mr. Shaw's "Three
Plays for Puritans" (Stone, Chicago)
without feeling that life has a new zest,
that the possibilities of wit. humor and
fantasy are not yet exhausted; that the
soul of Sheridan has returned to earth,
that it is now inhabiting the recomposed
body of Schopenhauer, and that the com
bination is masquerading under the name
of Shaw. That a man's avocation should
bring to him the joy of reading such a
book almost reconciles him to the sad
task of having to go to the theater fifty
two times a year.
I find I have quite forgotten to tell you
the story of the Devil's Disciple and why
he was so called. Well, better, far better
that you should buy the book and readlt
for /ourself. Each play In the volume
will cost you but one-third of wbat it
would to go to the theater and will prove
thirty times more amusing. .
contrasted with the dullness and over
bearlngness of Major Swndon whose
name. Mr. Shaw says, "is invented, but
the man. of course, is real. There, are
dozens of him «xtant to this day. A
short extract from the tnlrd act .will .ihow
both characters. Richard Dudgeon has
been arrested ty mistake for Mr. Ander
son and ia trying to keep up the illusion
in order that he may save Anderson.
Swlndon (severely)— Do you mean to
deny that you are a rebel?
Richard— I am an American, sir.
Swlndon— What do you expect me to
think, of that speech. Mr. Anderson.
Richard— I never expect a soldier to
(Burgoyne is boundlessly delighted by
this retort, which almost reconciles him
to the loss of America.) .
Swindon (whitening with anger)— I ad
vise you not to be Insolent, prisoner.
Richard— You can't help yourself, gen
eral. When you make up your mind to
hang a man you. put yourself at a dis f d .:
vantage with him. Why should I be civil
to you? I might as well be hanged ror a
sheep as a lamb.
Swlndon— You have no right to assume
that the court has made up Its mind
without a fair trial. And you will please
not address me as general. I am iiajor
Swlndon. . - 4
Richard— A thousand pardons. I thought
I had the honor of addressing Gentleman
ly Johnny. _..
(Sensation among the officers. Tne ser
geant has a narrow escape from a guf
faw.) ,'r. T w _
Burgoyne (with extreme Buavlty)-I be
lieve I am Gentlemanly Johnny, at your
service. My more intimate friends call
me General Burgoyne. (Richard bows
with perfect politeness.) "iou will under
stand, sir. I hope, since you seem to be a
gentleman and a man of some splri. n
spite of your calling, that If we should
have the misfortune to hang you we shall
do so as a mere matter of political neces
sity and military duty, without any per
"SghEBSh. quite so. That makes all
the difference In the world, of course.
(They all smile in spite of themselves
and some of the younger officers burst out
laughirg.)
BY -Li DU PONT SYLE.
SHAW'S THREE PURITANS
and Their Place in
DRAMATIC LITERATURE.
BY this week-end we had hoped to
be the richer for the Sembrich
Rosina, Violetta and Norina, but
Ate unkind has ordered our oper
atic programme otherwise. Once
only. In her Incomparable Rosina last
Monday evening, have we heard this lav
ishly gifted singer, who was even then
seriously indisposed and who has been in
charge of the throat rpecialists ever since.
It is positively announced, however, that
she will be able to appear to-morrow
night in "La Traviata." "Don Pasquale"
will he given on Wednesday evening.
If Mme. Sembrich could sing as on last
Monday evening with a throat and chest
as raw as the proverbial beefsteak — a con
dition that the management curiously de
nied, by the way— it is open to suspect her
of almost impossible perfections. It is
the richest, sweetest, warmest soprano
voice that we have jet heard here, even
as she was heard the other evening, liquid
and clear as a bell, and used with the
brilliant intelligence only possible to the
•widely cultured musician. The lower
notes are marvelously full, having- almost
the contralto depth and roundness; there
Is one even quality from end to end;
while her range Is extraordinary- Mme.
Sembrich can act. too. Her Rosina was
rarely satisfactory from the dramatic
etandpoint, charmingly humorous, grace
ful and coquettish. It is a prophecy of
the other opera huffa heroines. Donizetti's
Jforlr.a, which we shall hear on Wednes
day evening next, and which is awaited
with much pleasurable anticipation. Th->
Saturday matinee programme has not yet
been announced, but will probably be
either "Lucia" or "Faust."
The first chamber music concert of the
Zech String- Quartet was given on Friday
afternoon at Sherman & Clay Hall, before
a. large and generously enthusiastic audi
ence. The quartet consists of W. F. Zech,
first violin: E. B. Lad a, second violin; W.
G. Callinan, viola, and A. M. Lada. 'cello.
The programme of the afternoon was the
Schumann A minor quartet, and a quar
tet by F. Zech Jr.
"The more the merrier," may be as good
& musical as a social rule, and this may be
a eufflclent ralson d'etre for another string
Q-uartet than the good one already exist
ent here, led by Glulio Minetti, but the
Zech Quartet hardly justifies Its existence
on artistic grounds. There Is a lack of
cympathy between the members of the
quartet, that first essential of g-6od en
semble playing, and finish, spirit and au
thority were'all wanting in the interpre
tation of the Friday programme. Neither
was the intonation what it should be, and
there were ragg-ed edges even in the tech
nique of the performance.
Perhaps the strain of a first public effort
of the kind accounts for some of these
things, and at any rate there Trill be
ample opportunity of Judging next season,
¦when Mr. Zech purposes giving a series
of chamber music concerts. It is to be
hoped that there exists here a sufficient
patronage of the rarer kind attracted by
chamber music to justify the existence of
a second series of this kind of concert.
A pleasing recognition of artistic Cal'
fornia by the authorities of the Pan-
American Exposition Is the engagement
of one of our most prominent local or
grariists. Dr. H. J. Stewart, for a eerles
of recitals In Buffalo during the exposi
tion. The recitals are to be given on, the
large four manual organ now being erect
ed la the Temple of Music and will ta«o
place some time in June, The engagement
may be regarded as a distinct honor to
the organist and also to the State, as
only representative players have been in •
vited to take part in the programmes.
Dr. Stewart's numbers for the week'y
half-hour recital after the vesper service
this afternoon at- Trinity Church. will be:
Overture, "Occasional Oratorio" Handel
Melcdie la E Rachmenlnoff
Andante la G minor (varied) Schubert
Finale (Symphonic Pa.thetique)..T»chalkowEky
Concerning the orgnn recital. Some two
or three months ago I made a request
through these columns for programmes of
OT^an recitals that were to b« given in or
about San Francisco, that they might be
•used in time to be of service to the organ
lover and the cause of organ music. I
have received but four programmes since
the request was made (not including the
Stewart recitals), and two of these after
tho event— from Stockton, by the way,
and through the kind offices of the or
ganist of St. John's Church, Lewis
Tcwaltes.
But does this represent the Bum of or
gan activity on the coast? If so, the cause
of the kins ot instruments is in but a
parlous state. Apart from its perhaps
nobler functions as an accompaniment to
the intimate occasions of life and death—
the birth exmg, the marriage hymn, the
death chant, the undertone of adoration —
the organ has another and wide mission
to perform In the domain of music pure
and simple. With its obvious defects it
yet has noble Qualities that distinguish It
from all other instruments — splendid and
unique effects, tone values and coloring
not otherwise obtainable, besides possess
ing the attraction of being still in the ex
perimental stage of its history. There is
also a rich Individual literature to which
the great musicians from Bach to Widor
have lavishly contributed- With the lat
ter and his distinguished contemporaries,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1901.
The club numbers will include four new
ones, two settings of Browning's "Cava
lier Tunes," by Granvllle Bantock, among
them.
On Tuesday evening at Native Sons*
Hall the third concert of the, twenty
fourth season of the Loring- Club will be
given, under David W. Loring'e direction.
The club will be assisted by Mrs. E. F.
Schneider, soprano, a singer new to San
Francisco and who will make ber first ap
pearance at the Loring Club. Mrs.
Schneider is a native 1 of Copenhagen and
was for several years a pupil of Mme.
Joachim In Berlin, and later of Coslma
Wagner at Bayreuth. '
Believing that music is one of the most
potent factors in the uplifting of hu
mankind, the club has sought to provide
good music at prices that shall suit the
slenderest purse, and hopes in the future,
with the loyal support of the music-loving
public, to make these even more reason
able than they now are. It is a good
cause, and our good wishes go with the
club in Its worthy endeavor.
It will be remembered that the purpose
of the Twentieth Century' Club in inau
gurating this concert series is a purely
educational one.
The third concert of the Twentieth Cen
turyf Club series will ue given on Friday
evening next at Metroiw»Mta»i Tempi* port
another worthy and lnterestit>K i»««
gramme is promised. Among the new
numbers to be triven vrill be a "Scherzo"
and "Elegie" of Arsusky's for violin,
cello and piano that nas been very favor
ably received in the Kast. It will be
played by Hermann Genss, Paul Egry ami
Arthur Weiss. Mr. Egry will also play
"The Faust Fantasle" of "Wieniawskl; Mr.
Weiss two popular cello numbers of Pop
per and Thome and Mr. Gcnss a "Night
Song" of his ov.-n composition, and. the
Schubert-Tausslgr "Marche Militaire." The
singers of the evening will be Jonn Plage
mann, barytone, who "siil sing Schubert's
"Der Wanderer" and a romance from
"Der Tromi>eter von SaRklngen." Two
spring songs of Barglel's. to be sung- by a
quintet of female voices— Mrs. Mulcahy,
Miss Lyon, Mis3 Brunlsch, Miss Foria
and Miss Whltely'— and a "Slavic Danco"
by Dvorak for piano, violin and cello cem
pfete a programme which more than
equals the high standard set far these
concerts. /
The Laurel Hall Club's "Wednesday ¦
afternoon programme was exceptionally
pleasing. Signorinas Polettini and NIco
Barbareschi each grave two numbers,
Slgnor Castellano had a solo, w'lile Miss
Grace Freeman cave two violin solos. The
programme, which v.as in charge of the
musical director, Richard A- Lucchesi,
was as follows:
"O Aprlle," from "Samson and Delilah"...
Saint-Saens
Eismorlna L,la Polettini.
"Raeeonto." from " 'CavaJlerla Rustlcana."
..... .. Ma^ca gnl
Slgnorioa Nice Barbareschi.
"O Clell Azzurri," from "Andre Chenier"..
Giordano
Slsnor V. E. Caatellano.
(a) "Romance," from "Second Concerto**....
Wlenlawskl
(b) "Perpetuum ,Mobtle" Rles
Mit.s Grace Freeman.
"O Veixlne" Durante
Siffnorina Lia Polettini.
"Rltonrnelle" Gore
Slenorlna Nice Barbareschi.
? • »
A short programme of considerable in
terest was that given at the Monday aft
ernoon session of the Sorosis Club. The
music was in charge of Mrs. Oscar Mans
feldt, who was assisted by August Bode
mann and Mme. Billoni-Zifferer. The fol
lowing numbers were played and sung-:
Suite Op. 116— Allegretto. Idylle. Valse
Benjamin Godard
A. Rederman (flute), Mrs. Oscar M&ns
feldt (piano).
Vocal splo — "Waltz ("Romeo et Juliette)
Gounod
Madame Blllonl-Zifferer.
Vocal solo, "La Perie de Bresll" David
Madame Zifferer. Mr. Rodennan (flute
obllsrato).
• • •
Caesar Franck. Saint-Saens, Guilmant,
Salome and Basil Harwood, a distinctly
new school has arisen, illustrating possi
bilities in the Instrument undreamed of
even forty years aeo. The literature is
still growing- in an ascending- scale of In
terest as the instrument itself is reaching
toward that limit of perfection that the
violin found more than one hundred years
ago. that the piano has but reached to
day. The value of the organ as a solo in
strument, with its spiritual appeal to the
multitude,* its peculiar heart-reaching
quality, the largeness and variety of ef
fect, is well recognized In the older East
ern and European cities, where the organ
recital is one of" the most popular forms
of entertainment. It Is true these recitals
are more commonly given in the concert
hall, which is usually provided with a
worthy instrument, but they are by no
means strange to the church. Though we
have here but the Metropolitan Temple,
with Its clumsy and Ineffective organ, yet
in the churches we have more than our
share of good instruments. If these are
being- used in any such fashion as indi
cated in the foregoing, for the better
knowledge of that "ungodly, cheerful In
strument," as the Christian fathers used
to call it, I ask again for a notification of
the event In time to be of service to the
organ-loving community and to those
who, with further opportunity,, will be the
orean-lovers of the future.
AUTOMOBILES— J. H. Y., City. Steam
vehicles were used in England in the
early sixties. From 1S33 to 1K*> there were
traction road, wagons in England and
France, Automobiles date from. 1894, and
there were electric carriages in 1835. Lan-
AIRSmP-J. H. Y., City. Count von
Zepjiclln. invented his airship in 1SSO.
ELECTRIC MOTOR-J. H. T., City.
The first electric motor of praclcal value
was put in operation by. Jacobl in 1838.
Thomas I>avenport tried electricity as a
motive power on an English railroad in
1^1 Jo.
COUNTRY DANCE-F. M., Gold Run,
Cal. "Sir Roger de Coverly," played as
the music for a country dance or the Vir
ginia reel, is generally in the key of G It
may be had from any first-class music
dealer. . ;
SUBMARINE BOAT— J. H. T., City.
John P. Holland's submarine boat was
launched in 1897, but he had been working
out his scheme for some years before
that.
TO DUST-H. A., Napa, Cal. Water is
a fluid that will reduce a metal to dust
in time. Water on Iron will produce rust,
and that becomes dust. ¦~^-
PALACE HOTEL— J. J. M., City. The
foundation for the Palace Hotel was laid
In 1872. and the hotel was opened in Octo
ber, 1873.
land, who had been experimenting to pro
duce an electric carriage since 1877, pro
duced such a one in 1895.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
• . ¦->•••¦.," • ¦ - ¦,: <:.v v -«. »: ~- .•¦ •¦ ¦
The decline in bicycle riding, of which v there was so, much talk ; last summer, will doubtless
be followed by an increase of the sport this year, for it is announced that King Edward ha^
to the wheel and" goes cycling' almost every clay, x .. . ...-. /.¦;¦.- 1. ; .-.---~ -- • : ,~ :: *"-'• • • — '
Complete census returns from India give the total population at about 294,000,000, being
an increase of upward of 7,000,006 during the past decade; so it appears that famine; plague arid
snake bites cannot thin out the population with anything like the effectiveness some persons have
supposed. • ,
Colonel Arthur Hamilton Lee of the British army, who was with the United States troops
in Cuba, but who now holds a seat in Parliament, recently told the Commons: "American recruits
in physique and intelligence are superior to any other troops ; in .the world" ;. a.nd now it is up 'to
us to admit that the colonel has an eye to see the truth and a tongue to speak it.
The arrangements that have been made for university athletic 'contests between Great Brit*
airi and this country limit the admissions to students :of Oxford and Cambridge, in England, and
to Harvard and Yale, in the United States; and while there can be no objection made to the limit,
since other colleges can arrange contests of their own if-they choose, still it will be worth while
remembering that such contests should not be spoken of as matches between the university, rnenof
Great Britain and of America. There ; are other universities in both countries ; that could probabiy
put up better teams than those that enter the ring.
Andrew Carnegie has made for himself a place in the esteem of his countrymen where at
present he stands alone. Others approach the height, but he only has attained it. He seems as re
gardless of applause and to, expect it as little as hedid for doing his duty as a shop boy, or when
he sat at a telegraph instrument sending, and receiving messages. He sought nothing then but
his wages and the approval of his own conscience, and he bestows fortunes upon public purposes
now apparently from the same sense. of duty,, and as heedless 01 comment. -
There is much food for reflection in this.- In no other country have enormous fortunes been
as quickly acquired. If that were all, the historian ;of our times would find but little to write "on
that head to interest humanity. But when it may also be truthfully said that never since the ap
pearance of man on the planet was as much of this wealth voluntarily redistributed, given away
and gladly bestowed, for purposes useful and helpful to the common people and the poor, history
will beamingly record that wealth had an effect upon the American character that was novel and
singular, and that, as it accumulated, the springs of benevolence : and public spirit were made
affluent by it, and from them flowed back into the lives. of the. people a Pactolian stream whose
banks would hardly hold the flood. >
But. the ability to acquire is' not his only nor his greatest" gift. His capacity for consid
ering himself the trustee and not the owner of his vast possessions is as remarkable as his capacity
for their acquisition. He has given to laudable public purposes, beneficial to mankind and espe
cially useful to youth compelled to struggle as he was, about $20,000,000 a year. To this he re
cently added a 'fund of $5,000,000 to pension his old employes as a reward for their part in mak
ing him successful. About *he same time he notified the Technical School at Pittsburg of his
intention to endow it with a fund of $25,000,000, and then, upon the eve of sailing for Scotland
from New York, he notified that city that he would give it nearly $6,000,000 to invest in free
library extension so as to bring library facilities, within reach of the people of all classes in every
section of the city. This wise broadcasting of nearly $40,000,000 in a few weeks is the most re
markable distribution of private Wealth for popular use and benefit the world has ever witnessed.
It must not be forgotten that he has company among the other American rich men and
women, but he leads them all. He has set the pace and many will follow it.
..¦¦.'•' - .. ¦ - — ¦ ,' — '. ¦¦-." -¦-
TO HIS countrymen Mr. Andrew Carnegie seems to have the appalling touch of Midas when
it comes to making money. If that were all he had he would excite the fear of all men.
Beginning as a poor boy, dependent on himself, struggling for what education he could get,
he has achieved success and wealth that dazzle and might distress thebeholder.
LORD BOUNTIFUL CARNEGIE.
That is the condition which the President desires to end. Count Cassini, the Russian Em
bassador at Washington, evidently regards the report of his Government's intention to seize
Manchuria as a fabrication, invented by the other European powers as a pretext for seizing terri
tory themselves. He says that Russia has,a concession for extension of the, Siberian railway across
Manchuria to Port Arthur, and that all she has required is protection of her interest in that con
cession. He] declared that agreement '-y|ith China would contain only two essential
features — first, adequate protection for Russian railway interests in Manchuria, and, second, the
If this be the extent of Russia's. demands their verj r modest proportions afford no adequate
provocation for the position of the other powers and they are no violation of the spirit in which
The Japanese press strongly backs the President's position. The Nirokee Shinpo, at Tokio,
says: "It will be acknowledged that it is the duty of a civilized nation to set a good example to
a semi-civilized nation. But what shall we. say when the proudly uniformed soldiers of civilized
nations in China have exhibited the worst possible example by robbing, outrages of women and
slaughter of innocent men, women and children? No wonder that terror and excitement among
surviving natives are so extreme that they are shocked by the mere sight of white soldiers on the
road arid run like frightened deer on the approach of the hunter."
President McKinley. has issued instructions to Commissioner Rockhill, at Peking, to the
effect that it is the desire and policy of this country to cease demanding blood atonement, and
to leave China free to administer justice to such of her subjects as have violated treaty obliga
tions. It is further conveyed to the other Ministers in Peking that it is the opinion of the Piesi
dent that China will remain in dangerous unrest until Von Waldersee ceases his punitive expedi
tions and his boasted battles, which consist of the slaughter of fleeing non-combatants.
But, other nations have dealt in a bloodthirsty spirit with China. Pretending to desire the
preservation of the territorial integrity of China, they have deliberately created the situation which
imperils that integrity. By the most fantastic and unreasonable demands for the heads of Chinese
Princes, and men high in public authority, they have made it possible for Russia, if. she choose, to
exact Manchuria as a consideration for protection against the bloody policy of the other nations.
If there be danger of Russianizing Manchuria, of provoking o war with Japan out of which other
nations will hardly succeed, in. keeping, the, fault will lie at the doors of France, Germany, Austria
and the powers which have compelled China to submit to one kind of disgrace in order to^escape
a worse. '
President McKinley has gone that far with China, and has nobly refused to go farther.
Missionary fanaticism has girded at him for not acting in a spirit of vengeance and inflicting un
discriminating punishment. But he has wisely chosen to treat China just as he, or any American
President, would have 'treated any other nation. In pursuing this course he has contributed to the
civilizing of China in the Western sense. The statesmen of that empire, especially the very able
and enlightened Ministers at Washington and London, and; Li Hung Chang, have asked, and with
reason, that their country be treated in that spirit, and through their influence have done all that
could be done to impress that idea upon the allies. . . ; '}'-, !;,
This has been the consistent aim of the President from the beginning of the Oriental
troubles last June. We could not have done less than we attempted and carried out in joining
the effort to raise the siege of our legation at Peking. We'wbuld have done the same if, ins-.ead
of at Peking, the startling situation had developed at Paris or St. Petersburg. If in one the
commune, or the other the nihilists, either by overpowering the Government or by the acqui
escence and connivance of some of its officers, had attacked our, countrymen or beleaguered our
legation, we would have thrown toward the point of danger, as speedily* 5 as possible, a sufficient
military . force to have vindicated our honor and rescued" those in danger. We do not think that
even the unreasoning critics of an American administration could have found courage to object
to such a course. We would also probably have insisted firmly upon the punishment of the few
guilty who may have represented the offending governments mthe ounages.
: - ¦ ' . . - ' . ........ ,-''¦¦'¦ ¦'. • ¦
GRANTING that the world will:" be bettered and benefited by inducing China, in her inter*
national dealings and treatment of foreigners, to adopt the lnethotl? of Western civiliza
tion, it is well to have an eye to those methods and try to make .them equal to our
theory and our professions.
CIVILIZING CHINA.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. : v Address Communications, to W. S. : LEAKER Manager.
Publication Office <5$^tflgfcpi|> ......'..........'. Market and Third, S. F.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
18
MISCEIXANEOTJS.
Every man's home is his castle.
He lives in it and for it. He la-
bors to beautify it and that he
may have the leisure to enjoy it!
The parlor is the family throne
room. Pattosien's, in the Mis-
sion, will exhibit this week a new
lot of parlor suits — seventy of
them — just from their own fac-
tory on the premises, made up
during the winter months. The
finest upholstering, too. It is the
richest and handsomest line ,pf
suits that was ever shown for
twice the money, $15 to $150, in
solid mahogany.
"Blessed be he who invented
sleep," said Sancho Panza. But
doubly blessed be he who sells
you beds to sleep in at such ridi*
culously low prices. All this week/
a new lot of bedroom suits will;
be shown. Over 100 different^
patterns — oak, walnut, maple ot
mahogany — at prices that na-
downtown store could think of
offering them at.
A blunder is a bright intention
with dust in its eyes.
There is no let-up to the ruri
for enameled steel beds. Lots of
new* patterns have just arrived.
A special lot of a new pattern
with heavy frame, brass rod and
tops; full bed size; regular $9',
and you can get them this week
at Mission and Sixteenth streets
lor zpo./^.
IB. KATSCfllNSKn
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. B
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. |
Ready for Soring
OUR FIRST SPECIAL.
We are all ready for ¦prln« and wo
have some of the cutest styles of la-
dles' shoes and Oxfords ever ihows.
Everything n»w and catchy, and, as
usual, we are giving the beat values.
That's our stronz point, and p-ople
seem to expect us to rive a tittle bet-
ter value than they can ret elsewhere.
You se«. we have educated them that
•way. and we are - rotn* to. continue
sellinc the best shoes In thia city for
the least money.
with kid or vestlnr tops, new coin toes
and patent leather tics. - turned soles
and atltch«d French heels, sold for
*1.OO a pair. Sixes 3 to 8. widths A
"to E.
We close at t p. m. on week days
and 11 p. m. on Saturday, and will
continue to close at those hours pro-
vided all other shoe stores do the same.
Agents for Gloria $3.50 Shoes.
PHILADELPHiTsHOE CO.
¦ lo;THIjin ST., San Francisco.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and publlo • men by the
Press. Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont,
gozaery »t. Telephone Main. 1M1 «
Townsend's California glace fruits^ 50c a
pound. In fire-etched .boxes or Jan ba«
kets. 6b Market, Palace Hotel building?""
Ice cream chocolates. Boston mints ala-
cuma. Townsend's, 639 Market street.' •
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex-strong boarhound rand. Townsend's.*
Splendid CaL glace cherries. Townsend's.*
Peanut crisps. Townscnd'i.
The Grip begins with influenza, pains in
the head, back and chest, soreness all
over. Colfis bejjan the same way before
Grip was ever heard of. Grip runs into
Pneumonia— Colfis have been followed by
Inflammation of the Lungs ever since the
worM began. Fever and Sore Throat are
equal symptoms of both— so is a Cough-
so Is Bronchitis. Either rrfay result in
Catarrh. The cardinal point of difference
is the great prostration of Grip. The ust
of "77" will break up Grip and Colds", and
its tonldty prevents the prostration by
sustaining the flagging energies.
At all drugstores, 25c. or mailed. *
ty Dr. Humphreys' Book mailed free.
Humphreys* Homeopathic Medicine Co.,' Cor.
"Winiiun and Jcbn Eta., New York. ¦
and the Grip Are Coincident.
The Symptoms of a Cold
AD VEBTIS KM F, N T?3.
Turn we now to General Burgoyne, the
most finished portrait In Mr. Shaw's gal-
lery. .' . "General - Burgoyne , Is 65 and very
well preserved. He is a man of fashion.
gallant enough to have made a distin-
guished marriage by an elopement.- witty
enough to write successful-comedies, aris-
tocratically ( connected enough to have
had- opportunities, of high military dis-
tinction. His eyes, large, brilliant, ap-
prehensive - and Intelligent. < are his most
remarkable feature; without them his fine
nose and small mouth would suggest
rather more fastidiousness and less force
than go to the making of. a first-rate gen-
eral.'.' ••• All through the court-mar-
tial ; scene his vivacity and suavity are
My druggist told me ho sold more . of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets 'for the. cure of
grip, colds and catarrh than any other
similar medicines. ••'.*;$8dw'3j*S8»»ftag£
able touch! Almost as good as Macaulay's
famous "the Puritans abolished bear-bait-
ing, not because it gave pain to the beaf,
but because it gave pleasure to the spec-
tator.£@«^?&s*KMgB«CMpaH
Mrs. Charles Gormley of Memnhis says-
Last winter an attack of the grip left me
with .weak back, a persistent c>urh and
loss of flesh and anpetite. and after ustn*
various remedies for. several months with
little or no Improvement I. finally bought
a 50-cent package of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets at mv drugstore, and as thev were
pleasant and convenient to take I used
them at all times of day or ni*ht. and I
was astonished to secure such fine results
from so pleasant and convenient a medi-
cine. In two weeks my cough disap-
peared; my appetite returned. I Improved
in flesh and color.' and no one would now
think that I had ever bad such a thing: as
the grip. . : .
Not only pneumonia, consumption, bron-
chitis and throat trouble follow the erlD
but kidney, ltver and stomach are trou-
bles just as liable to result, provided anv
of these orpans should happen to be in a
weak condition at the time of attack
To get rid cf the Krio jrerm. to «et it en-
tirely, out of the system and blood few
remedies are so good and none safer* thnn
Stuart'* Caturrh Tablets. They are not «
compound of powerful and danrerou*
drujrs. but a pleasant, palatable, conve-
nient remedy In tablet form, composed of
the wholesome antiseptic principles of eu-
calyptus . bark. Mood root and similar
germicide remedies, which are pe-fectlv
wholesome and harmless to the system
but death to the prerms of grip, catarrh'
consumption ind diseases of the throat
and air rassages. .
Physicians arid srrlp sufferers alike are
agreed that the after effects. of the dis-
ease are more *o be-feared than the acute
attack; you enn never be sure that the
disease has left the system completely.
La Orlppe naturally attacks the weakest
orean and leaves It still weaker.
Itself.
Are Often More Serious Than the Grip
AFTER EFFECTS OF GRIP.
ADVERTISEMENTS.James Arata was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of assault
to murder and was released on $2000 bonds
Victor Casslnelli, the crippled teamste
whom "Arata struck on . the head with a
piece of scantling, fracturing < his skull
is reported to be In a fair way to recover
although at first it was thought that he
could not survive. "
Arata Is Charged.
$10 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. Only twenty-six hours en route.
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen' from
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. Y .
Low Rates — Improved Service.
Two Government Contractors Are Ar
rested in Philadelphia and Some
Missing Goods Are Traced. ' *
- PHILADELPHIA, March 23.— Isaac
Levy and Lewis Goldstein were arrested
to-day and' charged with stealing goods
of < the United States Government valued
at nearly $60,000. ¦ Levy and Goldstein have
been engaged In contracting for Govern
ment work at the Schuylkill Arsenal here
for over ¦ three years, during which time
they are alleged ¦ to have appropriated
material: for '.uniforms and other goods
and sold the same. .
Most of the s goods,' it is alleged, • were
disposed of to Samuel Weinstein, who .is
now under bail on the same charge. Can
vas valued at* $10,000, silesla worth $10,000
and cotton worth $10,000 have been traced
and other materials are still missing.
Levy and Goldstein were held In $2500
ball each for a hearing on Tuesday. '
ACCUSED OF STEAXINO • •
TTWCTVF; SAM'S 'M'AT'Fftt-TAL
Honor Their Colonel.
A handsome saber was presented to
Colonel O'Nell, commander ; of the First
Regiment, N. G. C. by Company B of his
command at the* Page-street Armory last
evening. Accompanying the gift .was an
enlarged photograph of the company
taken in Manila.' Captain Wall accom
panied the presentation ceremony, with a
brief - congratulatory address.
Damos Massonabe. an old Frenchman,
who fired a shot at his divorced wife,
Anna, on January 28, was sentenced to
three and a half years In San Quentln
by Judge Cook yesterday. William Scott,
a colored man, who slashed Belle Naylor,
a 1 colored woman, on the neck January 24,
and was convicted bv a Jury ofsImDls
assault, was fined $450 with the alterna
tive of ninety days In the County Jail.
Frank L. Jones pleaded guilty to an at
tempt at grand larceny in trying to steal
a diamond pin from W. H. Bennett on
January 20 and was sentenced to two
years In Folsom 'Penitentiary. :
Prisoners Sentenced.
The averaee Venezuelan will die and load
into a dump car 24 to 3 tons of asphalt In an
eight-hour working day aa a task, and it is on
record that some of the more hardy ones have
loaded as much as 8 tons In 10 hours. They
receive 50 cents per day for their labor, and
one ration, averaging in cost from 18 to 19
cents per day. They are fond of new rum, but
it is very rarely that they drink to excess. The
laborers at the Bermudez plant usually are
half Venezuelans, the other half being
West India negroes, with a sprinkllnr occa
sionally of coolies from Trinidad, who have
completed their seven years' labor contracts,
and do not care to return to the East Indies.
There axe rarely ever more than five or six
American citizens at; one time on the com
pany's premises, all of them being superior
officers, charred with administrative affairs.
A few scattering Indians now and then camp
about the lake, but they seem averse to com
ing In contact with their more civilized breth
ren. At present the New York and Bermuder
company has two chartered steamers under
foreign flags to bring up asphalt to their re
finery at South Amboy. - -
asphalt Is found In a lake and Is said to
be almost pure. The supply is practical
ly inexhaustible. The article reads:
The Engineering- and Mining Journal
give? an account of the asphalt' deposits
of Venezuela.- over which - there has * re
cently been International friction. 'The
Mineral Wealth reports that, well drill
ers sank a well BOO feet, in three days lri
Shasta County. , Work Is still rapidly pro
gressing.. Work in the Sand Flat district
has been' temporarily suspended, awaiting
the arrival of boilers. . There is one com
pany In Shasta County that is capitalized
for J2,000,000.
The first finished. well in the Midway
district Is. according to the Bakersfleld
Californian, flowing at the rate of 200 bar
rels a day. After, the pump had been
worked a few hours pumping was stopped,
but the flow of oil continued. .
•The Union Pacific Railroad Company,
boring for water in Wyoming, gave rise
to an oil boom. Within the past two
weeks claims covering In the aggregate
6000 acres of supposed oil land have been
filed. These claims were mostly taken up
by associations of men in ttiuuha and Salt
Lake. The field is near Evanston. It has
been known for some years that there was
petroleum in that vicinit}'. but • the pros
pect has never been sufficiently inviting
to Induce capitalists to engage in exploit
ation of the hidden oil sands.
The experiment of drilling a number of
wells of large caliber, going down only
from 100 feet to ISO feet, to bale and not
to pump, is about to be tried in the vicin
ity of Brea rancho, near Los Angeles. The
Idea Is that possibly the first sand. can,
in the way indicated, be worked profit
ably, even where a great amount of water
in the lower sands makes working imprac
ticable. The Southern Pacific Company ia
having a line surveyed from Coalinga to
Oil City.
The Red Bluff People's Cause finds that
tho amount of wood consumed in~ Shasta
County in the copper smelting plants will
affect the watershed seriously in a few
years, and advances the idea that the use
of oil as fuel -In the place of wood will
obviate that trouble, which is another
pointer concerning the benefits that the
oil -industry promises.
' The Bakersfleld Californian says that
the hydraullcklng process of cleaning out
wells that are Inclined to choke with sand
has not operated to the entire satisfaction
of the Kern River Company, which ex
perimented with the method in Its wells at
McKittrick. The effect obtained is not
favoraJale, the water driving back the oil,
a condition that can be overcome by
pumping, but a more serious result is
noticed. In elevating the sand and silt to
the surface, the larger stones and pebbles
are left behind and finally accumulate in
quantities at the bottom of the bole, and
are found to be so packed that they can
be moved only by means of the drill, a
dangerous undertaking-, as the casing is
apt to burst open.
Companies recently incorporated in Ari
zona include the following: Norman Oil
and Development Company, capital stock
$300,000; Safety Oil Company, capital stock
$300,000; Newhall Consolidated Oil Com
pany, capital stock JCOO.OOO: Sultan Oil
Company, capital stock $500,000; Commer
cial Oil and Realtv Company, capital
stock $1,000,000; Humbolut Parafflne Oil
and Development Company, capital stock
$400,0<j0; Rival Oil Company, capital stock
$500,000; California OH Syndicate, capital
stock $500,000; Iroquois Oil Company, capi
tal stock $500,000; Victoria Oil Company,
capital stock $300,000. With the exception.
of one of these companies the headquar
ters of all are In San Francisco.
Oil has been struck In a new well at
Summerland at a depth of 240 feet. An
other well near by was put down 100 feet
farther before the oil was reached.
One day recently location notices for 131
claims on the desert and representing an
aggregate acreage of 30,500 were filed
at San Diego. Of the total number 170
claims were filed by San Francisco par
ties and this entire number was embraced
in one notice.
The options on holdings of the Reed
Crude Oil Company ?a tho Kern River
field have expired. One of these options
covered property valued at $1,200,000 and
$25,000 was put up. The syndicate failed
to place the lands, so says the Los Ange
les Times. •
In the McKittrick district to prevent
clogging of the casing and to force the air
more rapidly to the srutface in its tweive
producing wells.
Sembrich Will Sing To-Morrow Night
Madame Sembrich will appear at Mo
rosco's Grand Opera-house to-morrow
evening as Violetta in Verdi'B "La Travl
ata," r.-lth the following support: Flora,
SJadame Varezzi; Annina, Madame Slatt
feld; Germont, Signor Bensaude; Gaston,
Slgnor Vanni; Le Baron, Signor Rossi;
docteur, Signor Dado; Marquis, Bignor
Oalazzi. and Alfredo. Signor de Lara. -¦>
On Wednesday evening, March 27th,
Donizetti's "Don Pasquale" will be given,
¦with Madam© Sembrich as Kprlna and
the following cast: Dottore .Malatesta,
Flgnor Bensaude; Don Pasquale.- Signor
Rossi; Notaro. Signor GaiazzL and
Ernesto. Signor de Lara.
On Saturday afternoon (only) matinee.
March 30th. Gounod's "Faust" will be
given, with Madame Sembrich as Mar
guerite, with the following casU Martha,
Madame Mattfeld; Siebel. Madame Verez
zi- Valentine. Signor Bensaude; Mephisto
nhWs. Signor Dado; Wagner. Signor Gal
aVzi and Faust. Signor P'Aublgne.
The States 'of Oregon and Washington
have the oil fever almost aa bad as Cali
fornia, but there are no reasonable
grounds for that condition based on actual
discoveries in the more northern States,
•while the determined richness In oil of
California makes a basis for expectation
for fortunes for manv. A sample of the
method by vrhich Interest is sought for in
OTeg-on la given In a recent publication,
\ihich sets forth that "an eminent oil ex
pert from. Pennsylvania Is here"— name
not given— "and he hz.» satisfied himself
that there is plenty of oil beneath these
hills." On this slim bails a story is flared
out in an Oregon newspaper that "a ric'a
oil find i» reported," etc. No paying well*
have been drilled In the north and there
Is nothing but conjecture upon which to
base any hopes. While there are bo many
meritorious properties in California the
northerners will probably not succeed In
marketing many shares in this State,
The Sodete Anonyme Beige des Pat
roles &e Kern, California, has been organ-
Ixed to do business »n tfce McKittrick dis
trict. A tract of 900 acres has been locat
ed In the land immediately adjoining the
lands of the El Media Oil Company. Tho
Belgian company has shipped machinery
to its land* and Is at work. El Media is
also about to begin to drill.
The Dabney Oil Company has recently
Installed an air compressor on Its land
The Standard Oil Company is reported
to have storage capacity for 175.000 bar
rels In the Kern County field and twelve
additional tanks to be, built will bring
iip the total capacity to 400,000 , barrels.
Added to this are the tanks of the pro
ducers, wnich represent a great aggregate
capacity. When the Producers' Associa
tion Is fully operating it is evident that
ther© will be facilities for holding a ereat
quantity of oil in bulk. The supposition is
reasonable that this will give greater sta
bility to the market. v -
Standard Company Is Planning to Build Receptacles That Will
Hold Over Half a Million Barrels of the Product of Wells.
The trouble otarted last July, and since
that time the country has not had the
Chicago grain quotations, except as they
were sent over private wires by brokers
or in private messages, or in newspapers
after the market closed. In making the
announcement President Warren said:
"The board f.-nd the telegraph compa
nies have settled ! their differences « In a
way satisfactory to the board. I do not
care torflve out the details of the agree
ment until the formality of signing the
contract.? has been observed. The tele
graph companies. will be free to send out
the quotations 'April 1."
It is understood the agreement calls for
the payment of an aggregate sum of $30,
000 per annum by the telegraph companies
to the board, the maintenance of rates in
the local field so as not to crush out the
Cleveland Telegraph Company, which has
been handling the quotations-, in Chicago
under -' the direction of the board and
which has a twenty-year contract with
the board, and the control of •• the board
over the telegraph companies In regard to
the -' people to whom quotations are fur
nished. The Board of Trade is to Indem
nify the telegraph companies against ex
pense or. damage '¦ obtained by applicants
from the telegraph companies by reason
of the disapproval of their applications by
the board.
CHICAGO. March 23.-Offlclal announce
ment was made here to-day that the con
troversy between the Chicago Board of
Trade. and the telegraph companies over
the collection and dissemination of market
quotations has been, nettled. Within a
week, if not sooner, It is expected quota
tions will be sent out from this market
to all parts of the country, as they were
before the trouble started, many months
ago. The agreement was made at a meet
ing at which wera present President War
ren of the Board of Trade, Colonel Clow
ry of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany,' attorneys for all the people Inter
ested and several members of the quota
tion committee.
Chicago Board of y Tradt
Members Make S«ttl«
ment About News.
AGREE TO GIVE
THE QUOTATIONS
OIL STORAGE TANKS ARE RAPIDLY
INCREASING IN THE KERN COUNTY FIELD
PITTSBURG, March 23.— The United
States Steel Corporation will, from pres
ent indications, be doing: business on April
1, and -in the Plttsburg district, the lead
ing: iron. and steel center of the country,
over 50.000 employes in the mills and blast
furnaces will have new employers.
It is not tho intention of the new. cor
poration at present to make any changes
in : the management of the constituent
.companies, but it Is 'likely that new sys
tems of operations will be introduced.
Among the' concerns embraced in the big
steel combine 1, the : Carnegie Company
heads the list as to the number of em
ployes, and Is closely followed by the Na
tional Tube Company and the American
Steel and, Wire Company. All are open
mills, enly those of the American Tlnplate
Company and t several of the American
sheet steel companies being under the Ju
risdiction of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron Steel and Tin -Workers, the
wages paid being regulated by an annual
scale agreed upon by that organization
and the companies. The wages at the
other plants are arranged by agreement
between the workmen and the companies.
It seems likelv that thir system will be
continued by. the United States Steel Cor
poration. -No announcement has.- been
made of the formulating of a general
wage scale for the various departments of
the big combination. > . * .
Active Work of the Gigantic
Trust to Begin in a
Few Days.
STEEL COMBINE
IN THE HARNESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^Ii, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, ,1901.
19
Dabney
Oik-
Company
of McKittrick. .
Stock selling at $1.00
per share.
The company Will pay its first
dividend of 1 per cent April 1st.
Prospectus and maps at com-
pany's office,
330 PINE STREET,
San Francisco.
OILFOR SALE IN CAR LOTS
Oily
Advice is an important thine 'when
operating in OIL stocks'. Communicate
with me if you want the best.
JAS. 8. LJERSifON,
637, 688, 639, 650 Parrott Building 1 ,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Member of San Francisco Oil Sxehang*
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges In my office
OIL
OIL "WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE ' v
IRON PIPE
FOR ¦ OIL "WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES ,
TANKS
FOR OIL, FOR WATER. FOR CTANlDfl
PLANTS.
o * :SAN FRANCISCO.
•¦¦'.- _ i .
D "D TT Q U 17 C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
diUOllJuO ers > bootblacks, bath-
:• - -. houaes,- billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. • candy- makers, canners.
dyers.' Hour-mills, foundries. ¦ laundries, paper-
hangers, r printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roof en>. tanners tailors, etc.-
- BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramento St
M.HWS REIN VIGORATORJOTB55
Five hundred reward for any KyT**^Mj
case ire cannot cure. This secret BBH BBSS
remedy stop* all losses In 24 hours, ¦ - • H
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- UM nn
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Qieet, Fits, Bfl IMM
Strictures. Lo»t Manhood and all Wlli al'i'l
wasting effect s of self abuse or - E3 KvM
excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle: 1 EZSTtaaSisV
bottles. |5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dreis '• ¦ HALL' S r . MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 '
Broadway. Oakland.- Cal.- Also for sale at 1073%"
Market ; st.. 1 S. F: All private diseases quickly
cure."- »«nd for free bock.
Dircctory
~~oL-
Reputable
OIL
Companies:
California Fortune Oil Co.
80 acrea Sunset. SO acrea McKtttrlck, 33) acrea
In Coalinga. Now dziUinc In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 60c. Inform? Uon and pro*-
pectua furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room O1 Parrott bids. S. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
COMPANY
Owns «14 acrea 8 miles west of Arbuck>.
Colusa County, In the heart of the oil district.
Paraffin* base oil. Limited amount of stock
at 60c. 30,600 shares sold In 10 days. Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. Office
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
I EL MEDIA OIL COMPANY.
STOCK 25 CENTS.
PROVEN LAND.
(MO acres of oil land for sale cheapt
heart of McKittrick District, near
railroad.
SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDINO.
S2S Montgomery st., S. T.
Famoso OH & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
Onr well finished producing over 400 bbl*.
per day. "Well No. 2 commenced. Water well
completed. Small amt. of stock at SO cents.
»33 Parrott bid*.. & ¦ F.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing well.
20c Per Share.
Writs or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRYES3A VALLEY . OXL
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acrea of U. a. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating - oil in California is found; stock at 7H
cents; prospectus furnished. 573 and 571 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
SAUNAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTT.
¦Well down 300 left; small amount of treasury/
stock at lac per share. Prospectus and nap
and Information on application.. J. B. OLSXN.
Secretary. &74 Parrott building. San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKittrick District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and information fur-
nished at room (OS Safe Deposit Building, SU
Montgomery «t-.
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL. LAND.
Controls 443 acres. Are drilling. Soma stock
Is being sold at 60c per share. Information aa4
prospectus . furnished oa apDllcatlon. No. i,
fcerond Floor. Mills Building. San Francisco
fl I FT nniflt Corner. Fourth and
CAFF hflia Jsrswki'-B^K
, ' valises checked fre*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN* A BITTER3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health an i
strength to sexual organs. Depot. S33 Market.
Slisffliii CALIFORNIA AUTOMOBILE CO. eww*"5Sl...
SEND FOR CATALOGUE. . '
THE CALIFORNIA AUTOMOBILE COMPANY HAS
IN CONNECTION WITH ITS FACTORY A LIVERY,
WHERE AUTOMOBILES WILL BE CARED FOR,
REPAIRED AND DELIVERED ON 'PHONE ORDER.
Order in Person, by Mail or Throuah BanK.
The vehicle for one year. Our FACTORY,
where the fnachine is made, is at your dis-
posal for any repairs or breakage. These
can be attended to without the trouble-
some delays necessarily encountered when
dealing- with Eastern firms. •
When Yov Buy an Avtomobile
of Us We Guarantee
*fc & <5* /g* <g* *g* *fa
We can sell our vehicles at from~$ioo to $300
cheaper than Eastern manufacturers, and our
prices will range from $500 for Runabout, to
$3000, according to style, power and speed.
sell thousands!
or Pleasure!
* - •-' '¦- "".,-¦ t ¦ ¦ ¦
Automobiles arc In demand!
California will manufacture and
For Business
Capital Stock.... $1=0,000. Resources.... $150,000
*<B> *»^. t?^ t^ t*^ tffr l*|k t*f^ yfr %rj> ,gt*
Safe Investment— Good Security!
ALL STOCK RECEIVABLE AS CASH AT ANY
TIME ON ACCOUNT OF PURCHASE PRICE OF
ANY VEHICLE MANUFACTURED BY THE
COMPANY.
MACHINERY, iron, steel, brass and wood-working
tools, power, belting, shafting, etc., for making.
complete vehicle 15,000
PATENTS, receivei pending and contracted for. . . . 75,000
ORDERS AND BUSINESS 40.000
FACTORY. Buildings, etc $ ,20,000
RESOURCES:
terest-bearing bonds on the market.
Qt Ql 4* <$i Vfr <gw /§* /m*
have placed a small amount of our 5 per cent in-
TH E CALIFORNIA AUTOMOBILE
COMPANY pays 5 per cent interest on its bonds.
THE COMPANY owns its buildings, No.
346 McAllister street, also all the machinery con-
nected with the plant, and does not owe a dollar.
ON ACCOUNT of the increase of business
we must enlarge the plant, which now occupies
over 10,000 square feet, and for that purpose we
Do you want to make money?
Do you want to double your capital?
Do you want a safe investment secured by bonds?
on Your Money!
5 Per Cent Interest
; v^ l w .¦•¦¦ W'in^-j^Li- w^v 'YiLi<Y-'iw : - a' -
INCORPORATED
i *JT~^.K & ML JT~ 1L ¦ s/ i* w JL V_^/V_-*< JT 1^ *""" ** . *^J *"" ""* "* . <s*4^1^ZFvJ'f'LJ'V-rV-r
' ALL THE RAGE !
Delightful! Healthful! Exhilarating!
Our Motors are covered by patents. We make either SINGLE, DOUBLE or TRIFLE
CYLINDER MOTORS, after our own design, thoroughly tested before leaving the factory, and
in each case all working parts are GUARANTEED for one year. Our workmanship is the very
best. We build only Gasoline Engines, and give them SPECIAL care in order that our rigs may
build a reputation for themselves. The, parts are all constructed of high-class material, carefully
finished, and made so simple that a Woman can operate them as readily ns a man, without previous
In design, finish and upholstery the purchaser will be able to consult his or her taste, as we
build to order. In the manufacture of our vehicles the artiscic as well as the substantial part is
taken into consideration, thus putting us on an equal Jooting with both the Eastern and European
manufacturers. y*£
We take pleasure in announcing that this'companyis manufacturing and ready to supply ve-
hicles of the gasoline type in any style from the elegant Physician's Phaeton to a Park Trap' seat-
ing several persons. We manufacture to order covered and uncovered Delivery Wagons suit-
able for different trades and purposes. ' •
ruii of bu
| oil op to top of casing fn onr
wen In Sunset. Within 150 f«*t
of our property are Monarch,
Arcola, Gold Dollar, Occidental,
Superior and Barrett welli. Stock J
only «c: Going faet V rite or
call. I
Iroquois Oil; Cpi
Q13 Examiner P'ld'g - S. F.KNOXVrLLE, Tenn.; March 23.— An un
known negro committed \ an : assault on a
white woman named ; Marlon Driscoll at
Gobbens, Coke County, Tenn., this even-
Ing about dark. The woman was alone in
her i room \ while . her father >- and mother
were at a ' store ¦ near . by. A posse at 100
men was quickly formed and before mid
night they had secured -bloodhounds "and
were on the trail. A lynching Is probable
If he Is captured.
Bloodhounds on Negro's TralL
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Andrew, P. Hill,
to whose energetic work ? at Sacramento
is said to he due the passage of the bill
for the purchase of the Big Basin grove
of big trees, will ' be . tendered ; a reception
at the St. James Hotel on Monday even
ing. The reception to- under the auspices
of the Woman's Club.- All the prominent
people of the county have been . Invited.
There will be a short musical programme,
followed j by a social hour. Rev. - Father
Kenna of Santa Clara College, Professor
Dudley of Stanford and others , who .were
prominent in the work of saving the for
ests will deliver addresses. ,- ¦ '.- .
Reception to Andrew P. HilL
VICTORIA, B. C, March 23.— News was
received by the steamship Danube, which
arrived to-day, , of an ambitious project
evolved by Thomas O'Brien, the Dawson
capitalist and owner of the Yukon Sun.' A
dispatch received from Dawson under
date - of March , 18 says that . he . has ¦ re*
celved a charter from . Ottawa, in which
he is empowered by the Dominion Govern
ment to build a railroad fro'm Dawson to
El Dorado, Dominion, Quartz and . Indian
creeks. The road will go by the. hillsides
and not by the creek bottom, as was the
original intention of the projector. Work
on the Klondike Railroad, whlch.lt is. ex
pected will be a big earner, , as ¦ it will
greatly facilitate business between Daw
son and the creeks, . is expected to com
mence early this summer. : ¦*;' "
Line to Be Run to the Nearby Gold
.' Districts.
DAWSON RAILWAY PROJECT.
RANDSBURG, March 23.— George San
dow was killed to-day by falling down a
shaft in the .Yellow Aster mine. He was
making a survey of the mine when the
accident occurred. Sandow was a resi
dent of San Francisco. A wife and three
children survive him. .¦>>•.¦ ¦ ,
Loses His Life in the Rands
burg Gold Pro ducer.
Gteorge Sandow of San Francisco
FALLS DOWN A SHAFT
IN YELLOW ASTER MINE
Juardo was of a troublesome nature and
too quick to use his revolver. He had
served a term in Yuma, having been sent
from Jerome for an assault to commit
murder. He was a desperate man and
the community does not mourn his loss to
any extent. - The verdict" of the : Coroner's
jury has not been rendered, but undoubt
edly it will clear the officer.
On the way to jail, Foster released his
grip on Juardo for a moment. The des
perado took advantage of this and seized
a revolver from Foster's holster. Juardc
jumped back and half-cocked the weapon.
Foster, disarmed, yelled to Johnson.
"Look, he la after you." But Johnson
was too quick for Juardo. It was u
test of the skill of the two men in draw
ing their revolvers for action and Johnson
was the quicker. , The shot from John
son's weapon hit the desperado in the
neck, just under the ear, killing him in*
Btantly.
He fired a number of shots in the 'gulch
and intimidated Mexican residents. Offi
cers Johnson and Foster went to the gulch
when they heard the shots and got after
the desperado. They found him; in. a sa
loon. . Juardo, when he saw Johnson ap
pear, drew his revolver, but Foster, who
had entered the saloon by another door,
stepped behind him and Jerked the
weapon away - from him.
Juardo was an officer until a short time
ago, when. he was discharged for having
killed a man whom he was attempting to
arrest. Yesterday he started to '.'shoot
up" the camp and made threats against
officers. -v --, - '- - , ¦' ¦;
TUCSON, Ariz.. March 23.— One . of the
most sensational killings ever known in
Blsbee took place in Brewery Gulch yes
terday. Frank Juardo, a desperate char
acter, who a few weeks ago killed a Mexi
can in the gulch and had killed several
other men in Northern Arizona, met death
at the hands of Deputy Constable John
son. . .... :•
Quick on th.e Draw for Frank
Juardo.
Officer Johnson of Tucson Proves Too
DEPUTY CONSTABLE
SLAYS A DESPERADO
Hen's Suits and Overcoats— A Great
Opportunity.
To-morrow (Monday) I will , start the
great Clothing: Sale - by offering for - sale
men's clay worsted and cheviot , suits,'
various colors, worth $18, { for; $4.65. 4 'Also
BOO men's spring overcoats, latest styles,
for $4.66: Either suits or overcoats will be
sold for - $4.65 to-morrow ¦ at ¦ the > Clothing
Assignee. Sale of the Boston, 773 Market
¦t., : near Fourth. P. C. . Kelly, Assignee,*
Jurisdiction.
XETV YORK, March 23.— A special to th«
"World from Rome savs: The "World cor
respondent learns that the Pope intend*
to introduce a radical change shortly in
the present system of considering the
I'nited States as an -nfidel country and
therefore coming under the jurisdiction of
the congregation of the propaganda fide
instead of depending- directly upon the
Holy See. Profound dissatisfaction is con-
To Be Decided Not an Infidel Country
and Removed From Present
POPE TO TVTATTR RTXLING
REGARDING UNITED STATES
SEATTLE, March' 23.— A letter' from
Norman D. Rogers,, dated at -Nome; De
cember 25, contains news of sensational
events not recorded In previous advices.
A feud of several weeks' 'standing between
'Henry Potts -and- Fred 'Pherson , resulted
in the killing of: the latter. After the
shooting Potts surrendered. It is claimed
that Pherson assaulted Potts with a hat
chet. Rogers says: ¦• y
"H. ; Porter, alias 'the Parson,*: was ar
rested on December 22 at Bluff City for
defrauding M. Isaacs out of $1200 by the
sale of a bogus gold brick. The trans
action took place in Council City two
weeks ago. "The Parson', was shot twice,
not dangerously, while resisting -arrest.
He is a well known crook, notwithstand
ing his saintly alias. :• '.".' ' •
"R. J. Embieton, assistant agent of the
Xorth American Transportation and
Trading Company, was held up and rob
bed on December 22, on. Front street, op
posite the military barracks. He was at
tacked by two men. and afterward bore
evidence of rough usage. "•'•' However, B he
was not dangerously injured. Some hours
later his watch was found near the scene
of the holdup.
"The Arctic prospectors have been
driven back by the tierce winds that ob
tain in that district. A recent arrival in
town brought thirty pounds of, gold.. The
man refuses to state the locality in which
the "treasure was mined. , However, the
incident served - as ' an impetus to stam
peders, who* arc now out in numbers.
Prospectors have gone in all directions,
especially to the Kuskokwim, from which
district news has been received that the
dust: Is there. In a half hour I counted
twenty dog teams rushing to the now
strike reported near the Kougarok.^
"Charles E. Phelps has just arrived
back at his cabin after a mysterious dis
appearance of three . months. He has
been a' f ,3 and . no one save himself
knows- v. jere.' He shows $1400 in dust in
his poke; which he says he took out. by
the- crudest methods.. He refuses to an
swer,: questions as to the location -of his
strike until later. ; Phelps is an old-time
Klondlker. He came to this district last
spring. ¦ : . -.¦... r ¦ . . -•¦'.
"So far, the lowest temperature has been
15 degrees below zero. For a week past
the weather has been exceptionally mild.
"Several cases of smallpox are reported
at roadhouses between! Nome' and Teller. .-¦
."On Wednesday the gambling ; houses
were raided and their operators fined $40 15
each. ... ,. , • 1 : . \
"The formation of a : company for the
purpose of dredging a channel from -the
ocean into Snake. River and the, building
of docks thereon is being advocated. ;C.
D. Lane and. the Hay ward .Company are
endeavoring to get the franchise. . • ..
.. ''Jofet Llnderburg and , Magnus" KJelsen
are. once more- in possession of. the new
El. Dorado saloon, the jury deciding
against R. J.; Parks, who claimed the en
tire building and business. • •,-•-
¦ •"We have -heard nothing of the" Presi
dential election so . far. , , - News ; was .. re
ceived yesterday - that ; an automobile ha 1
made.' the trip '. from Bennett « tor 8t.
Michael and was ;, on . its way •. here, but
the telegraphic operator brands It as • a
fake." ¦ ¦•- --*.':¦ • '--- ¦-¦• ¦••¦< -¦
Klondike "Stage - I«ine". 1 Proprietor
DEFRAUDS GOLD- SEEKERS.
Arrested at Wbite Horse;
VICTORIA, IB. C.,- March ?23.-J. K.
Smith, after having obtained an option on
a "rickety old coach;' two sick- horses,'.' a
cayuse . and a i mule.", as ', he described the
outfit, : was : arrested -on March; IS by the
police at White Horse . and charged .with
obtaining ¦ money under false pretenses.
He had taken seventeen passengers at $100
a ' head - and was 1 unable to > take them , to
Dawson. After obtaining the 91700 passage
money he . bought - the < out fit ' for ' $700, and'
pocketing: .the $1000 he embarked I the ; sev
enteen passengers and: started the expedi
tion without bothering to make provision
for the feeding of either, horses or drivers/;
He was afterward released by the police
and :, says he will start another . stage;
those ¦ of •: the seventeen ¦ who .want to pro
can go. and if ,they; don't want to fo he
will not return the passage jnoney.;-
RICHEST STRIKE OP THE YEAH.
Prospectors Find PayDirt on Copper'
River Tributaries.
VICTORIA. B., C.v March .23.— News ; of
the latest strike in the wealth-lined vales
of 'Alaska ; reached ' ; here -tb-day.-' Four
prospectors-^CHarles Cramer, 1 - Darcey Le-,
veil,'. Harry ; H.' Klngfand i H. : Smith— who
have. Just come out from Slate Creek and
Miller Gulch give particulars of these new.
finds, -.which f are • probably the : richest - of
the year. Cramer and Xevell In less than
a week * sluiced - out < more * -than * $4000 ;. on
their ' Miller | Gulch claim, while | King and
Smith : in : the same ' period ' took ; out $1000
from Slat 0 Creek. The gold was found at
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the grass roots, being flake gold on the
surface. .„ On Miller Gulch, where a depth
of four and a half feet had been reached,
it.waa already coarse and nuggety,. while
on the Slate Creek diggings of King and
Smith it went 60 cents to the pan, nuggets
being occasionally found. " ... ,
Slate Creek, the scene of the discovery,
is a tributary of Chestachina River, which
empties Into the Copper River. The creek
is about 240 miles Inland, on the Aber
crombie wagon road from Valdes. Darcey,
Cramer and Levell found the first gold
there in. June last, but went whipsawlng
lumber to make slniceboxes until Ansnist.
and the news did not leak out until fall,
when there was quits a rush to Slate
Creek, of which Miller Gulch Is a tribu
tary. All the locators took out gold. th»
amount varying from a , few dollars to
51000, .. ., _. .. . - ..
etantly caused among the American
priests having anythine to do with th*
propaganda fide by Cardinal Ledochow
ski s hlgrh-handed manner toward them
Complaints have been so numerous late
ly that the Sovereign Pontiff has deter
mined to withdraw the United States from
the Jurisdiction of the propaganda fide
Both Archbishop Corrigan-. and Arch
bishop Ireland strongly advocated this
measure when In Rome. The former es
pecially impressed the Pope by laying be
fore him the enormous progress made by
American Catholics, who now amount to
13,000,000, especially in the archdiocese of
New York, where in the course of the" last
year Archbishop Corrigan has lafd the
foundation stones of 240 churches of insti
tutes at a cost to exceed ?100,000,000.
LATEST MAIL FROM NOME BRINGS A VARIED RECORD
OF MURDER, ROBBERY AND NEW DISCOVERY OF GOLD
RENO MARRIAGE
AFTER DIVORCE
Mrs.] John Coleman Gives
Petaluma. Society Food
for Gossip
Quietly Obtains Legal Separation
Prom the Captain and Weds a
San Franciscan a Few
Days Later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA, March 23.— Petaluma social
circles were treated to a tremendous sen
sation to-day when it became known that
Mrs. John Coleman, daughter of Dr.
Galen Burnell and his late wife, had been
.quietly divorced and had almost immedi
ately remarried at Reno.. So secretly was
it aJl done that even : the 'lady's closest
friends were in ignorance of the proceed
ings. The gentleman who has won t her
heart is Edward Smith, son of Francis
Smith of San Francisco. The divorce was
granted two weeks ago and preparations
for Mrs. Coleman' s remarriage began im
mediately, the ceremony taking, place in
Reno on Wednesday. The discarded hus
band is now in Bakersfield.
Captain Coleman married Miss Burdell
in Europe several years ago, while she
was traveling with her parents on the
Continent. Lipon their return to Califor
nia the couple -took up their residence
upon the vast acres of the Burdells at
Burdells station, south of here. Later
Captain and Mrs. Coleman moved to this
city and he was installed as superintend
ent of the Western refrigerating plant and
creamery, erected by a company com
posed of the Burdell family. Mrs. Colo
man was a leader in social circles and her
husband was no less popular. „ . .
By the death of Mrs. G. Burde-11, mother
of Mrs. Coleman, several weeks agro, th«
latter Inherited a large part of. the Bur
dell acres. One child, a little girl, had
.been born to the Colemans, and this little
one also -was given a large portion of the
estate. .The ice. and creamery plant hero
was bequeathed by the mother to James
Burdell, only brother of Mrs. Coleman,
and the Colemans again moved to Bur
dells station. Since that time Mr. and
Mrs. Coleman have often entertained their
friends 'at their country home.
To close friends it has been known that
the married life of the Colemans did not
run as smoothly as it might, but the sud
den climax came as an unexpected sur
prise.
The Burdells are one of the old Spanish-
American families that peopled California
before the influx of the gold seekers.
Through grants they acquired great land
ed property, extending from the Petaluma
Valley almost to the ocean and compris
ing an enormous portion of Marin County.
Their wealth and high social standing
make the romance Just recorded one of
sensational interest. . '
When seen to-day James Burdell de
clined entirely to speak concerning the
dolnes of his sister.
THE SATS" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, M^KCH 24, •¦1?P.V
20
v»£ , , Mm ' B9 * Im f% ~ ESI * U flfl * p9 SF X yij
" B*V. ' ¦ '- I . pj E * * h pS t3 Im r I ¦ IvL 1 '
Q "'¦'*'• ' " U
OF THE BANKRUPT STOCK OF
S7O9 MARKET STREET, wffSS*
zw pricei of CUSTOM-MADE CLOTHING, TOP COATS, NEAT
TROUSERS and VESTS, and a
Full Line of Furnishing floods and Bats.
:-; ; : S : ;; ' — ¦ — - — " ' ' ¦
? We have the positive instructions of the Sheriff to dispose of this stock without limit- or re-
\] ; * serve on prices. Come early and enjoy the advantage of a complete assortment."*
MEN'S SUITS— Former price $12.50, Sheriff's price .$6.95
TOP COATS— -former price $15, Sheriff's price 7.45
•TRPUSERS---Former price $5, Sher ff's price. . . . . . .\ 2.45
VESTS— Former price $4, Sheriff's price. 1.95
HATS— Former price $3:50, Sheriff's price. . .V. ;..... 1.65
There is a^ very large and complete .-assortment -of DRESS and GOLF SHIRTS, in
colored : and .white of the well-known brands— THE MONARCH, THE STAN-
DARD. VICTOR and WILSON BROS. These shirts were formerly 7Q A
,\_ sold by Cohn for S1.5O,; and. will be sold by the Sheriff for i XJLr
g^^WlCOLL4iRS---Former price 25c, Sheriffs price. ...... 2 for 25c
ROSIER Y-r-Former price 50c, Sheriff's price. 2 for 25c
; FAN^ISECKWE AR— Former price 50c, Sheriff's price 2 f or 25c
THE\F)NEST L1NEOF UNDERWEAR in San Francisco will be sold by the Sheriff
¦ at ONE-HALF COST PRICED A fewuncalierj-ifor made-'o-crder suits on sae at HALF PRICE.
r COME EARLY AND BE YOUR OWN SALESMAN.
* ¦ mlm mC\j *~\ JL " ' " ¦ -
FIXTURES TO BE SOLD *7f\CS 1UI Jl 19 K" F^T J=T CT kext to
BY THE SHERIFF.— CAtl BUMLDtHQ.
!^i Sterling Euroiture ps|
§! RicHmond Ranaes %~
S^ During February our supply of Richmond ranges was not NL4
jrjjS equal to the demand and many people were disappointed. £k£
We Repeat Our February Offering gto
A Richmond Range all set up in your home with water-
fback connected for Sk
$5.QO down and S?
§$3.OO a montH gp
We have just received two car loads of Richmonds, another «5
O^K left Norwich March 9th and another is in preparation, so we NiS
jj^s .can faithfully promise to never disappoint you again. *^|
Qg RICHMOND RANGES are comparatively new to Cali- §g
£^3 fornians, hence these unusual terms. We believe that every |p^
fejvj Richmond sold will be praised by the purchaser to his friends rj&
w^ and will be instrumental in selling many more. Qw
S£/V RICHMOND RANGES consume from one-fourth to one- jS^
Kl£ third less coal than any range of equal size in the market »V-
yf& RICHMOND RANGES are perfect bakers, or— your gC
V^S money back. y£s
€q RICHMOND RANGES weigh from 315 pounds to 500 4§
C*y pounds each — insures long life to the range-^-metal enough to Wjj%
>%¦ retain an even temperature without constant attention. 2o5
Ww Money invested in a Richmond means money invested for §c
20 years. fcj^
Eft We guarantee a Richmond indefinitely— almost forever 1 «S
I STERLift FURNITURE |
1039 Market St. Opp. McAllister gggSfe
..../..,.. .,...< . ¦. ¦ ¦•¦¦¦ * ¦¦'¦.'•'- ••¦¦"• ' "~"'
Confirmation Goods Special.
Two more weeks to Easter — to-morrow we start a special to pre-
pare you for the event — our entire lire of cream and white Henri-
ettas, Nun's Veiling:, cashmeres, albatross, silk-finished alpacas,
French Foules — the regular 60c and 75c grade all on the counters at
one price 49c yard
Broadwav and Twenty-sixth Street, New York,
I stated last week that I regarded soap as a medicine— that it either benefited or injured the whole system; that the pores of the
body, take into the system more or less of the soap. I endeavored to show how important it is to avoid poisonous fats and strong alkalies.
I wish to emphasize this point to-day, and call special attention to the virtues of Witch Hazel as Nature's greatest remedy for the sldn.
That the public has found out the truth of this is shown by the hundreds of testimonials I have already received commending my \Vitch
Hazel Soap. I had no idea that the demand for.it would be so instantaneous — so large. Orders are coming in from every part of the
country 'and our factories are taxed to their utmost capacity to fill the orders. I feel confident that every cake of soap sold will sell many
more. The Soap is all that I claim for it. I want the people to have the same faith in it that they have in my remedies. Ten years ago
when I told the public I had a Cure for Rheumatism, they did not believe me. Time has proved the truth of my statement. To-day when
the entire country is stricken with Grippe, there are no remedies on the market having so extensive a sale as my Cold and Grippe Cures.
They are demanded because the people know from experience, and from the "say so" of others, that they relieve the Head, Nose, Throat and
Lungs almost instantly — and so I can refer to n:y Dyspepsia Cure, my Kidney Cure, and all my remedies. My remedies are sold in every
drug store throughout the civilized world, mostly 25 cents each. — MUNYON. ~: :.-
For sale at the Market-street store only.
OXFOSD HOMESPUN SUITINGS— 50 inches wide— a fine, firm fab-
ric for Eton suits or traveling dresses — good for short skirts — in five
shades of gray — positively dustproof — regular $1.00 — on sale this week
at 48c yard
For sale at the Market-street store only.
FEBKLE CHEVIOT SUITINGS — All-wool and mohair— will not muss
or wrinkle— in the new street shades, among them Vieux rose, re-
seda, gobelin, modes, burnt brown, and also in black — 20 colors in all
— regular $3.50 grade— on sale this week in suit patterns at
Jj»2.35 a pattern
In order to advertise our Dress Goods Department
more extensively and to court an inspection, by you, of our
beautiful New Spring Stock, we offer for one week a line of
Summer Dress Goods Novelties at the following special
prices:
DOTTED SUITINGS — A self dot on a solid, satin finished back-
ground— for fancy waists, pleated skirts or walking suits. In pastel
tints of mignonette, heliotrope, castor, old^ro'se, ox blood, silver gray
and cadet — xj inches wide — regular 60c 'goods — special this week
; 43c yard
For sale at the Market-street store only.
FEENCH CREPE CXOTH — Soft and dressy and very popular for fancy,
' pleated and trimmed suits — 36 inches wide, in the same shades as the
dotted suitings — also in black — two weaves to choose from — 50c qual-
ity goes on sale this week at 35c ya;d
For sale ct the Market-street store only.
Wash Goods.
WHITE COTTON DBESS GOODS— A special line for confirmation
dresses — white Organdy. Victoria lawns and India linen — a bie lot of
the 30c kind on sale all this week at 15c yard
BLACK COTTON GOODS—Black open work grenadines in small stripes,
splendid imitation of real silk — also an elegant- variety of brocaded
black mercerized foulards — a heavy, silken finish in very stylish pat-
terns—both fabrics were imported to sell at 50c— special all this week
35c yard
For sale at the Market-street store only.
A T> V V. H-TTg-RTWDrNrTal*" '
ADVEETISEMENTS.
£J220'nil'12Z$^4^ET^^^5^^g*y*^**^^
***— — ¦ . .1 .1 I I ¦ ¦ . .... . ¦ _The event of. most importance to the in
terests of realty in San Francisco that
has taken place recently is the approval
by, the : Lesislature of the China Basin
lease to the Santa Fe Railroad Company.
This has been supplemented by the acqui
sition last ;..week of a' large ' tract of land
inthe vicinity of the basin. Not less than
$1,000,000 will be expended by the Santa Fe
Company in improving.
The numerous deeds involved in the deal
by which the Santa -Fe acquires lands in
the vicinity,' the transaction being ' engi
neered by" A. S. Baldwin of Baldwin &
Howell,"'- ha ve^ been placed on record.
There' are ' about .-¦;' thirty parcels in the
bunch. -The aggregate of prices was $264,
647 50. ; The Several pieces are described as
follows: : - . ' r • • •
Lots 1' to IS, 23 to 48, block 127. all of block
1S7, lets 1 to 24, 2$ to 34, 37 to 4S, block 16S,
O'X. :& H. Tract:- lot ou W corner of P
street ond Sixth avenue south, NW 275 by
SW 100. block 127. same: block 136. same,
bounded bv Seventh and Eighth - avenues, Q
and K'streetR south;' lot on NW oorner of P
street and; N'inth avenue south. NW 75 by NE
M0, block' 168, same; lot on NE corner of
Illinois and Merrimao streets. N 100 by E 50;
lot on NW corner of Merrimac and Michlsan
streets, N 115:5, NW 153:11%, S 132:6, E 60,
8 100, E 60; lot on N line of Merrimac street,
50 E of , Illinois, E 60 by N 100; lot on E line
of Illinois street. 150 N.of Merrimac, N 199:7.
SE 164, S 82:6. W 100; lot on E line of Illinois
street, 100 N of Merrimac, N 50 by E 100; lot
on N line of Merrimac street, 100 E of Illinois.
E 50 by N 100; lot on NE corner of Illinois and
Alameda streets. N 200, E : 100, S 60. E 100, S
150, W 100. N<100. W 60. S 100. W 50: lot on
W line of Michigan street, 110 8 of Merrimac,
W 100 by S 60; lot on W line of Michigan
street, * 150 N of Alameda. N 50 by W 100; lot
SE corner of Merrimac and Illinois streets, E
100. by S 160: lot on SW corner of Merrimac
and Michigan streets, W 50 by 8 110; lot on S
line of Merrimac street, 60 W of Michigan, W
50 by S 110; lot on 8E corner of Alameda and
Illinois street, E 50 by S 100; lot on S line of
Alameda street, 60 E of Illinois, E 50 by S 100;
lot on SW corner of Alameda and Michigan
streets, W 100 by S 100; lot on E.line of Illi
nois street. 100 S of Alameda, S 50 by E 100:
lot on K line of Illinois street, 150 S of Alame
da S £0 by-E 200; lot on SE corner of Michi
gan and Alameda streets. S 100 by E 200: lot
on NE corner of El Dorado and Illinois streets,
E 200 by N 200; lot on E line of Michigan
' street, 125 8 of Alameda. S 25 by E 100; lot on
E line of Michigan street. 160 S of .Alameda,
S 100 by E 200; lot on N line Of El Dorado
street. £0 E of Michigan, E 50. N 150, W 100,
S 50, E 50. S 100; lot on NE corner of El Do
rado and Michigan streets, E 50 by N 100; lot
on NW corner of El Dorado and Georgia
streets. W 100 by N 160; lot on W line of
Georgia street, 1C0 8 of Alameda. S 50 by W
100- lot on E line of Michigan street, 100 S
of Alameda, S 25 by E 100; lot on SE corner
of Georgia and Alameda streets, E 130 by S
400.
Some Representative Saks.
Some representative sales that were re
corded during the past week were as fol
lows: .
Amelia H. Cushingr et ¦ al. to J. B. Levison,
68x127:8*4 on the north line of Pacific avenue.
207 feet west from Fillmore. $21,500; Jane P.
Spotts to J. B. L«vlson. 34:4^x137:6 on the
north line of Pacific. 103:lV4 east from Stelner,
$14 000; Charles J. Anderson to William H.
Daly 67:«xlS6:3-. on the west line of Ashbury
fttreet 159:9 feet south from Waller. $15,000;
Robert Shields to Guatav L. Page, sonthwest
corner of Turk and Leavenworth. 37:^x86:6,
I25.COO: Eugene Kelly Jr. et al. to Orville D.
Baldwin, southeast corner ~ Montgomery and
Sacramento streets, 42x68:9. $41,600; estate of
Calvin F. Fargo to H. R. Clark, 37:6x90 on the
southeast line of Folsom. 92:6 southwest from
Seventh. $70CO; William F. McAlester ' to Ed
ouard La-bordette.- 20x60 'on ' the north line of
Commercial. 137t«* feet^east g from: Dupont,.
$10,000. ' - ", ; . ¦ . :• .". ' . '
A country land ~ department . has .been
opened by A. M/ Speck & Co., In charge
of T. M. Menihan. Lands within a, radius
of 125 miles from San Francisco will be
handled. ¦ ;. .
Coffey & Hughes have leased the Dun
phy house on Mason street. The property
will be sublet. •
The Von Rheln Real Estate Company
has sold the northeast corner of Vallejo
and Powell streets for O.:M. Goldaracena
to L. Chiappara for $10.500.. The lot is
45:10x168:9 and has old buildines on it.
August Duprette has leased to the Cali
fornia , Fruit Canners' Association the
northeast corner of Taylor and Francisco
streets for ten years at $100. per month.
Strength of the Market Continues
-to Grow Steadily ¦ and Many-
Sales Are Made hy
fer of Many Properties
to Santa Fe-
•¦¦'¦ •*"" '¦¦¦:'' ¦ ¦ . "; :
Leading^Peatur* Is Trans-
DOINGS OF WEEK
IN REALTY WORLD
CLEARED.
Saturday. March 23.
6rmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka.: Gooflall. Per-
E&turcay, March S3.
Etrar Xavarro. Hansen. 11 hours from
6tmr ¦Waahtenaw. Zolllnr, M hours from Tu-
Btmr Btate cf California. Jepsen, 58 hours
from Victoria and Puret Sound ports.
Btmr Hero. Haneen. 13 hours from Fort
B Btmr E1rnn', Benderara. El hours from Cooe
Say
Etnr Empire, Nelson. El hours from Coos
B b£ Btmr Arato. "Wills. *, days from Tacoma.
6hlp Two Brotber*. Wilson. 15 days from
& Br :l thlp Crlecieth Caetle, Davles, 81 days
from Caleta Buena.
Echr Bella. Hanaen. 4 flays from Siuslaw.
Bchr Sacramento. JCelaon. 4 flays from Blus-
Aloha, Fry. tt days from Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wheat Shipment.
Tn« Frencii bark Marguerite' Dollfus cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with
E7.S48 ctls wheat, valued at 168,800. and 50,000
ft. lumber as dunnage, valued at $300.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the steamer TucapeL,
trhiclj tailed F"rifiay for Valparaiso, valued at
S19C7. The naanUeet com-icted of the foliow
'O£* *
For Mexico— 100 reels barbed wire. 4 kegs
staples. 18 plc£t groceries and provisions, 12
es axle grease, 6 cs oil. 1 pks machinery. 1 PkK
sjsmunlUon. 1» pkgs miscellaneous merchan
dise. Value, I10S4.
For Central America— 40 bbls cement, 350 gala
wine, a c» coal oil. 10.000 lbs Bait. 4 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 10 ers potatoes. 20 kega
white lead. 2*75 ft lumber. Value, # *823.
In addition to carco previously reported the
TTmatUla, which tailed Friday for Victoria,
carried €44 pkt« fruit. 67 pkg» vegetables. 10
bx» lemons. Value. JU54.
Additional Manifests.
Til* Commandant Marchand will load -wheat
for Europe, 41> Sd. prior to arrt\ r al; the L>aura
Pike, lumber at Coos Bay for Honolulu; the
Marco Polo, •wheat and barley for Europe, 37s
6d. prior u> arrival; the O. M. Kellogg, mer
chandise for aiahukon* and Harm; the Norwe
pian Fteamer Universe, lumber on Puget Sound
for Port Plrie. 60s. if Shanghai or Kaichow,
Cs «d. prior to arrival. .
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Crieccieth Castle ar
rived unexpectedly from Caleta Buena
yesterday after a passage of 51 days. She
has no agent here, so her departure from
South America was not telegTaphed. i
The steamship Charles Nelson came off
the" drydock yesterday and will sail for
Puget Sound to-day. She will be placed
on the Seattle-Skaguay and Seattle-Nome
trade.
The battleship Wisconsin will be open
to visitors to-day. Peterson's launches
will carry excursionists from the Folsom
street float to the warship.
"Water Front Notes.
The big steamship Arab, recently pur
chased by the United States Government
for the army transport service-, arrived
from Puget Sound yesterday. She will be
fitted out as quickly as possible and sent
to Manila with a cargo of horses and
mules.
The Hancock sails for Manila to-morrow
at noon. She will take away the' second
pquadron of the Sixth Cavalry and the
depot battalion of the Seventh Infantry.
She will bo followed by the Buford on the
1st of April and the Kilpatrick on April 12.
Movements of Transports.
f-TfSHE voyage of the French bark
I Commandant Marchand was not
I the uneventful trip that. Captain
IL Arneau made it out to be. One of
the sailors made things so lively on
board that everybody from captain down
was afraid of him. Finally things came
to such a pass that it was decided to put
the Bailor in Irons. Jack showed fight and
before he was overpowered everybody in
th» crew, except the man at the wheel,
was engaged in the struggle. -
When tbe Commandant Marchand sailed
from France for Australia she had a
mixed crew aboard. | Among them was
Carl Rickards, a A. B. Carl be
lieves in having things his own way, and
came pretty near doing bo during the first
part of the voyage. After leaving New
castle. X. S. W.. ; Captain Arneau decided
that Rickards should be brought to time.
When the sailor became insolent he waa
knocked down with a belaying pin. but
Quickly recovering himself he knocked the
captain into the iee scuppers. , Several of
the crew went to the captain's assistance,
but none of them, were willing to tackle
the German.
A few days alter this occurrence the
captain and mate held a consultation and
decided to have it out with the mutinous
teaman. Rickards was ordered below, but
refused to go. The captain hit him in the
eye and the mate 6truck him under ' the
fifth rib. Rickards was stunned for a mo
ment, but was quick to recover, and mak
ing a rush at the captain and mate was
proceeding to throw them overboard when
all hands went to their assistance. A gen
eral melee followed and the end of it was
that Rickards was put In irons and fed
on bread and water for seventeen days.
Rickards shipped on the Commandant
Marchand for the round trip, and had
Captain Arneau so desired he could have
had him locked up ashore for insubordin
ation and fined him a dollar a day for
every day he was in Jail. On the ship's
arrival in France the fine would be deduct
ed from Richards' pay. The- captain would
not take any chances, however, and sooner
than take the mutineer home with him he
paid him off yesterday and sent him
ashore. Sailors are scarce and Rickards
will have no trouble In getting another
chip. _
-mandant Marchand During the Voyage From 1 Newcas
tle, N. S. W.,.fhat,the Captain Is Glad to Pay Him Off
Carl Rickards Makes Things So Uncomfortable on 'the 'Gbrh-
ONE SAILOR ON A FRENCH BARK
TERRORIZES CAPTAIN AND CREW
NOTE— The high and low waters occur tt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tbe height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 8an
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK- Sailed March 23— Stmr Bata
vla, for Hamburg; stmr Campania, for Liver
pool; Etmr Menominee, for London; stmr Pots
dam, fcr Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Al
ler, for Naples.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 20— Stmr Eva,
from Portland and San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Hongkong.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to March 23—
Stmr Queen Adelaide, from Tacoma, via Toko
hama.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 23— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
MONTEVIDEO — Arrived March 22 — Stmr
Yanetse, from Tacoma, etc. for St ¦ Vincent.
HAVRE— Sailed March 23— Stmr La Bret
aine, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 23— Stmr South.
wark, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 23— Star Luca
nla. for New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed March 23— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for New York.
GENOA— Arrived March 23— Stmr Hohenzol
lern. from New York, via Naples.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 23—
Btmr Nippon Mara, from : San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Yokohama.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 23— Stmr
Ehynland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Arrived March 23— Stmr Umbria, from New
York, for Liverpool, and croceeded.
OCEAN STEAAIERB.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Feb 13— Br stmr Gua
temala, bence Feb S, and sailed for Valpa
raiso. ¦ *
PANAMA-Arrlved March 21-3tmr St Paul,
hence March 7. f
FALMOUTH— Sailed March 22— Ger ship Ro
denbek, for Gloucester.
IQUIQUE— Sailed Feb 4— Br bark Carradale,
for Port Townsend.
NAGASAKI— Sailed March 3-Nor stmr Thy
ra," for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived March ,23— Schr James
Rolph. from Tocopllla. ™
NANA1MO— Arrived March 22— Stmr Mineola,
from Port Los Angeles. March 23— Br etmr
Milton, from San Diego.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed March 23— Bktn
"Willie R Hume, for Callao.
Arrived March. 23- — Schr ' Duxbury, hence
March 8.
EUREKA— Arrived March 23— Stmr Eureka,
hence March 22; schr Sparrow, hence March 12.
Sailed March 25— Stmr Alliance, for San
Kranclsco.
NEAH BAT-Puwd In . March S3— Br ship
Lyderhorn. from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
Passed out March 23— Bark Gatherer, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco. • — • ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived March 23— Br ship Ais
burth, from Plsa^ua: Br bark Ruth well, from
Iquique; tug Samson, with barge "W'ashouga!
In tow, hence March 19.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 23— Schr Fred
£ Sander, from Ballard: schr Ludlow. from
Port Blalceley; schr Orient, from Grays Har
-bor.
COOS BAY— Barbound March 23— Stmr Arca
ta. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 23— Stmr Dolphin,
from Dyea: stmr Victoria, from Dyea; stmr
Cottage City, from Sitka.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived March ZJ-Br
ship Carradale, from Iqulque.
Sailed March 23— Bktn Klikltat. for Hono
lulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 23— Schr F 3
Redfleld, for Lahalna.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. March 23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Xo date or position— Br ship Dunstaffnnge.
from Tacoma, for Hull.
Dec !9, off Cape Horn — Br ship Lyderhorn,
from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
. March 17. lat 47 N. Ion 11 W— Fr bark Cam
bronne, from Cardiff, for San Francisco.
Per Br ship Criccleth Castle— March 4. lat 8
N, Ion 118 W, Br ship County of Pembroke,
from Carrisal, for Astoria.
SPOKEN
SAILED.
Saturday, March 23.
Stmr Ma&dalay, Reed, Coqullle River.
Stmr Ars-0, Hughes, Coquille River.
Stmr West port. Ericsson. .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, .
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey. Chemalnu*.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Hunting, Stewarts
Point.
Schr Laura Pike. McVlcker. Coos Bay.
Schr Emma Claudtna, Mlkkelscn. Eureka.
kins & Co. . -»
Stmr Santa Kosa. Alexander, Ban Diego:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Chas Xelson, Schatre, Seattle; E T
Kn;ee.
Btmr Columbia. Dorais, Astoria; O R & Co.
Stmr Anryll, Gilboy, Panama; Panama S3
Line. <
Fr bark Marc Dollfus, LaJjaye, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Kchr C T Hill. Llndahl, Unalaeka; North
American Com Co.
Schr Mary and Ida, Soderholxn, codflshinc;
Alaska Codfish Co.
SUNDAY, MARCH. 24.
Th* joint committee on the annual com
petitive - drill - of ¦ the League of the i Cross
Cadets met u last - evening, and ,. fixed ¦ the
date Tor the event. at Friday: evening,
May urmmSaBsmsta "¦ ¦
Cadets' Competitive Drill.
March 23. 1901. ' v-v----_ v
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building* was" dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i e - at noon of the J20th meridian, or < at 8
o'clock P- "-Greenwich tlme. o calk _ 8
Lieutenant Commander. 'U.S.N.. 'In charge.
Time Ball. , • '-
Branch Hydrosraphic ? Office, U. : 8/ N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
NOTE— In the above exposition of the , tides
the early mornlns; tide* are iciven in the left
hand column and - the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time -of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but , three
tides, as Bometlmes occurs. _ Tne heights given
tire In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except ¦ when: a
minus ( — ) slpn precedes tbe . height, and then
'the number fc-iven is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. , The plane of reference
is the mean of th« lower "low waters.
north line of Sutter street, 137:6 east from
Pierce, a three-story, attic and basement
frame building. The contracts as award
ed total $17,000.
" Samuel Dusenbery has let the contracts
for the work on a four-story brick and
frame building on the north line of
Geary street, west from Jones, which
will cost about $10,000.
~A two-story and basement frame build
ing with brick foundations will be placed
by. Charles Miller on the west line of
'Pierce street, 113:9 feet south from Lom
bard. The cost will approximate $2000.
A two-story and basement frame build
ing to cost $5000 will be placed by Henry
Johe on the west line of Schrader street,
south from Beulah.
. On the west line of Masonic avenue. 175
feet south from Waller street Mary F.
McEnanay will build three flats, the cost
of which will be about $6000.
C. W. Haufe has applied for a permit
to build six flats on the north line of Mc-
Allister street, 112:6 feet west from. Web
ster, at a cost of $13,500.
. N. K. Masten will build a two-story
frame dwelling • on the north line of
Washington, east from First avenue, to
cost $7000.
H. D. Hawks will buliu a two-story
and basement structure near the north
west corner of Larkln and Chestnut
streets. The cost will be about J600O.
Reuben II. Lloyd has let the contract
for the concrete and twist-Iron worlr.
etc, for his building on the northwest
line of Mission street, 91:3 southwest frorp
Main. It will be a three-story structure
with basement.
Additional contracts have been let by
the Mutual Savings Bank for its bar.tc
structure to stand on Market and Geary
streets, west from Kearny. The cutting
and setting of granitework will cost
$29,700 and the cutting and setting of
sandstone $30,750.
Colonel George H. Mendell will build a
handsome residence on the east line of
Steiner street, on a lot 37:6 by 106:2, south
fifty-two feet from "Washington.
The following named have been elected
to t erve as directors of the Builders' Ex
change for the ensuing term: S. H. Kent.
T. Elam, C. A. Ingerson. T. Sullivan. C.
A. r>ay, J. A. "Wilson, J. J. North. J. S.
Fennell. T. W. Butcher, R Herring and
E. L. Snell.
A sale of Market street property, be
tween Third and Fourth streets, running
through to Stevenson, for about JllO.OOo
may materialize early In the week. .
Buildings!' to ; Be
Frank Walterateln will erect on the
A. E. : Buckingham reports the ; sale of
six lots'ln the block .lyinjr-between-H and
I? streets and Eleventh and Twelfth ave
"^yon & Hoag. report 'the following sales:
S ' A'Born,* new flats,' 'on, the west side of F1U-:
more street, between ?' Green ¦¦ and Union. ; for
S7M0-,the store and flat. 1303-1S05 Castro street,
f or iiWO bought by F. F. Vanzlni ; to^ \V. L.
Cohn from Mrs. A. r E.' Kavanagh, -: two, flats, on
the south side of Golden Oate avenue. < 148 feet
wAt t torn ¦¦ Baker, for J4500 ; lot 00x80 feet; west
Bide of ¦' De ' Lone avenue,' 178 : feet north jfrom
Frederic, to A- Olson t f or : $1GCO : ; for J. B. \ Ma
honey - lot l - 44xSO.',wlth -,-- Improvements, on", the
west side of Castro. BO feet south from Twenty.
fourth sfor J3H00; to Henry. Hoffman, from .the
Plxley estate.Mot 75x137:6 feet, on the north side
of Green i street. 1 ; 127. feeti east 'i from fc'teiner." for
$5000- to S., A: Born. 1 from the Pixley estate,'; lot
5f!xS3 feet,"- on thei west' side ¦ of Fillmore street.'
37 • 6 : fe<»t south • from ; tlnlon street.'^ for. S230O; lot
tOxlOO feeU 1 on i the sweat side of -Mississippi,' 150
fe'et-southfof JEiBhteenth,' for. $1SOO; ithe new
house on the west side of Eleventh avenue, 300
feet south ;irotn;H street.", for. $3200. . ;, ..- v ->t-.
- Lot in the \ R. C. \ Chambers: property; at the
southwest ., corner - of Scott < and McAllister
streets, to Mary F.- Glynn: lot /24:7V»jc82. with
house, 2019 Webster street, from Geon?le oreat
houte to F.' Hickox, for J3250; lot 27:8^x137:6.
for ' Dr. Post to < Dr. Manning, •; for $3250; ,i lot
32x137 6 and house, 'i on 1433 Stelner 1 street, for
Grace A.'E.'Fraser to R. Flaherty, for. $3750. ;
: McAfee Brothers report ¦ the following
sales: jBBE^^^^^^^^^^SS/BK
Some of the Sales Reported.
The country land department of Bovee.
Toy & Sonntag has sold' twenty-seven
acres of improved land on Petaluma
Creek for J. Pentecost to H. Tracy for.
$4500; a. tract- of -eighty-five acres of fruit
and grain land for J. Ferguson to P. Mor
gan, in El Dorado. County, for JS<oO; for
William Van Sickle to Charles F. Bergin
of Illinois 1437 acres of hay and stock lani
in Mendocino County for. $28,740.
. The San . I'rancisco Savings Union has
sold 900 acres of grazing land to C. B. Wil
cox for $6500 and 2100 acres of farming:
land near Modesto to William Weakly for
F ¦ B Surryhne reports the f ollowlne recent
sales made: ."Lot on the west line of Buchanan
street SO feet south from Waller street. ..8x90
faet $20CO; house and lot. 16 Powell avenue, off
Mission street. 24:6x100 feet. $1500; lot on the
gbuth Una of Clay street. 137:6 feet west from
Maple street. 65x127 :8ft feet, $3300; ; house and
fB Seventh avenue, adjoining the Presidio
reservation, lot 63x116 feet. M200; lot on^ the
north line of Haight Rtreet. 60 feet west from
DeviLdero , street. 27:6x87:6 feet. -WOO; f lot on
the west line of Van Ness avenue.' 7d feet south
from Filbert street, 25x110 feet, *3000; lot on the
south 'line of McAllister street, 1^5 feet west
fSSm Stelner street. 25x137:6 feet, $3000; two old
houses and lot. situate 408-410 Capp street, be
tween Nineteenth and ¦ Twentieth streets, lot 4o
xl22:6 feet. $4100; two flats and rear cottage, sit
uate <07 Grove ; street, between Gough and Oc
tavla streets.' lot 25x120 feet. $4550. . . .
Baldwin & Howell report that their
branch * at ' H street and Ninth avenue,
Bouth i of Golden Gate , Park, is meeting
with 'success in selling lots. In the block
recently subdivided opposite the new park
entrance and fronting the, park at the H
street electric cars.' between Nineteenth
avenue boulevard and Twentieth avenue.
The ; following are possessors of homes
there, all erected lately:; W.H. Thornley.
J. C. Kelly, J.C. Long. M.VJ. Martin. M.
O." Benson and O. W. Hanchett. Herbert
F. Brown ls constructing an elegant home
on tho Nineteenth avenue boulevard, close
to > the electric line.
Country and City. Realty.
Three stories and basement will be added
at a cost of about $25,000.
THE SA*T FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1901.
FRENCH BARK COMMANDANT MARCHAND MAKING PORT; UNDER
SAIL AFTER A QUICK RUN FROM NEWCASTLE," AUSTRALIA." CAP
TAIN ARNEAU HAD TROUBLE WITH HIS CREW. '¦¦;.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
21
Sun rises ,
Sun sets .-
Moon sets
Time Time
Da te Ft. Ft.
H W L. W
Zl' ... 1:45 S.O 8:26 —0.2
25 ... 2:84 5.8 9:30—0.2
26 ... 1:29 * 5.6 10:40 0.0
27 ... 4:37 5.4 11:48 0.0
L. W H W
2* .. 0:00 S.O 5:51 6.3
28 ... 1:10 2.1 7:04 5.1
30 ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0
'.*.*.*.'.'.*.'.*.*.*.'i;
Time
Ft.
H W
3:25 4.7
4:26 4.5
6:49 4.5
6:S9 4.6
L W
12:52 ¦ 0.*
1:46 O.S
2:35 O.S
l:*M*p
ITlmej
L W
8:18
»:1S
10:40
..am
..6:24
>. m.
Ft.
2.4
2.9
3.1
H VV
7:56
' 8:45
9:t7
..,..
5.0
5.2
Eteamer.
From.
I Due.
BeletuiKlnr.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar: 24
Alliance Portland & Coob Bay.. Mar. 21
Gaollo China and Japan ..... Mar. 24
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 24
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Queen* s an Diego Mar. 24
Tltanla Nanaimo Mar. 23
Eureka Humboldt ..: Mar. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Roanoke jj ew York via Panama Mar. 25
San Pedro Humtwldt Mar. 25
North Fork Mar. 28
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 2«
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Hyades Seattle Mar. 26
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
Leelanaw Seattle Mar. 27
Pomona ...Humboldt Mar 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 18
Point Arena — Point Arena Mar. 23
Banta Rosa San Diego Mar. 28
Nome City JSan Diego Mar. IS
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. Z&
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 29
Hongkong Mari China and Japan Mar. 30
Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 30
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts Mar. 30
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
March 24.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. J pm S.W. 1
C. Nelson.... Seattle via Eureka. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Banta RoBa.. san Diego 9 am Pier U
March 25.
Empire 'Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Xewburg....'. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
March 29. '
Alliance...... Ptld and Coo« Bay 5 pro Pier 3
City Peking.. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
.March 27.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.. Pujret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 28.
Ban Pwiro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Acapulco..... Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
March 20. t
North Fork.. Humboldt J am Her 2
O. W. Elder. .| Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
NomeClty... Humboldt , Pier 2
Corona ..Newport 9 am Pier U
\ - March 30. |
Oaellc China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
March 24.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. J pm S.W. 1
C. Nelson.... Seattle via Eureka. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Banta RoBa.. san Diego 9 am Pier U
March 25.
Empire 'Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Xewburg....'. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
March 29. '
Alliance...... Ptld and Coo« Bay 5 pro Pier 3
City Peking.. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
.March 27.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.. Pujret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 28.
Ban Pwiro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Acapulco..... Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
March 20. t
North Fork.. Humboldt J am Her 2
O. W. Elder. .| Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
NomeClty... Humboldt , Pier 2
Corona ..Newport 9 am Pier U
\ - March 30. |
Oaellc China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eteamer.
From.
I Due.
BeletuiKlnr.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar: 24
Alliance Portland & Coob Bay.. Mar. 21
Gaollo China and Japan ..... Mar. 24
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 24
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Queen* s an Diego Mar. 24
Tltanla Nanaimo Mar. 23
Eureka Humboldt ..: Mar. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Roanoke jj ew York via Panama Mar. 25
San Pedro Humtwldt Mar. 25
North Fork Mar. 28
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 2«
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Hyades Seattle Mar. 26
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
Leelanaw Seattle Mar. 27
Pomona ...Humboldt Mar 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 18
Point Arena — Point Arena Mar. 23
Banta Rosa San Diego Mar. 28
Nome City JSan Diego Mar. IS
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. Z&
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 29
Hongkong Mari China and Japan Mar. 30
Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 30
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts Mar. 30
Sun rises ,
Sun sets .-
Moon sets
Time Time
Da te Ft. Ft.
H W L. W
Zl' ... 1:45 S.O 8:26 —0.2
25 ... 2:84 5.8 9:30—0.2
26 ... 1:29 * 5.6 10:40 0.0
27 ... 4:37 5.4 11:48 0.0
L. W H W
2* .. 0:00 S.O 5:51 6.3
28 ... 1:10 2.1 7:04 5.1
30 ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0
'.*.*.*.'.'.*.'.*.*.*.'i;
Time
Ft.
H W
3:25 4.7
4:26 4.5
6:49 4.5
6:S9 4.6
L W
12:52 ¦ 0.*
1:46 O.S
2:35 O.S
l:*M*p
ITlmej
L W
8:18
»:1S
10:40
..am
..6:24
>. m.
Ft.
2.4
2.9
3.1
H VV
7:56
' 8:45
9:t7
..,..
5.0
5.2
ADVEBTISSMENTa
GEAPE-1TCTS.
• A most rema rkable cure for syphilitic , blood
poison bas been discovered "and it -is Z> now
possible £or every suffering reader of, this paper
to be cured absolutely a and wholly," . In . ". the
privacy •. of their : own \ home, ; no matter ._¦ how,
rank a' case they may suffer from. 'This irreat'
remedy has already ; proven J In Vi thousands I of
cases a. boon to suffering humanity : after, phy£
siclans and Hot Springs had failed. With thlB
honw ; treatment 'I the j most* obstinate '¦, casgs ' of
old ores, copper colored spots, mucou« patches/
hair falling out, chancres ; and ulceratlons have
quickly, disappeared,-, and ] perfect "health V ham
teen restored in'a very^ few. weeks/ with -hardly,
a trace "of .a. scar, lef^-vilf : yoiir, limbs; are , stiff/
and \ running seres cover,, your i face and I body,
you t may* depend upon* It '_ that* this 'gTeat^ home
remedy will rid your system '] of It » and ¦: your
The above photo show3 what this grand *_ remelyi: will do. "Two weeks
after the patient commencedVthe' : horn 3 traatmant the sores iweref
healed and In a very short time he -was perfectly sound and well;
- This » free « home I treatment ; Is Jonly for 'those
who . have , syphilis, = and It ; has ; never failed to
cure i comppstely . and ; permanently : .; the most
virulent case of.organlc blood poison (syphilis)
Write ; to-day/ to ¦' the • State Medical ¦- Institute
2347 f Blefctron , bids.. .Fort » Wayne, - Ind., for a
f ree"> package ; of <, their ¦-. wonderful • home : treat-
ment that' will » cure you. *
face and body, will be clean] and spotless In a
very i short \ time. -, : "William - McGrath." 48 ' Guil-
fortl'»t..sBufralcs' i N.iT..Bay»: .."I am a well
man to-day , where : a year ago : I , was a total
wreck.'. Several; doctors: had (failed to cure me
of; syphilis. 'i4 1 ; was ; rid i of i my, sores and -¦ my
skin | became smooth ' and natural | in two weeks,
and i after: completing ; the treatment ; there :¦ was
not ! a ; iarVor.- pimple : on my? body, '¦« and to-day
I' ftm J absolutelyj,well. .,' I 'give -you permission
to use my name and I will answer all inquiries
from men.** :\: • ;- •,;,»» . •-
(Save the Number.)
Address PHYSICIAN, Box I960, Gall Office.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LONG STANDING, no matter how many ; salves you may
have tried (for they are all delusions) , can ba perma-
nently cured in a very short while if scientifically
treated by a skilled ¦ PHYSICIAN..
jFor further, evidence and paftxulars v .
ANY CASE, NO MATTER HOW SEVERE OR OF HOW
of San, Francis 30 alone; business men of tae first rank,
some of whom you may know, and who for the sake of
suffering humanity are willing: to be privately in-
terviewed.
There is nothing to dread; the treatment is faultless;
no surgery, caustics, ligature or salves, and no delay
froiri. business.
Why Snf fer From This Dreadful Disease, When
Science Has Conquered It?
Nearly one thousand permanent cares have bsen
made here in your midst. Over five hundred in the city
People who do not know how to select
the rlsht kind of* food to sustain them be-
come Ul, and some sort of disease will
ehow forth- It is worth one's while to
know of these facts.
A young woman at Grindstone City,
Mich.. Mrs. A. P. Sage, began to run
down while she was at school. She finally
broke flown completely and was taken se-
riously HI with a number of different trou-
bles. The Etomach trouble was the most
serious one. Her heart also troubled her
mo *be bad to *lt ui> as hljfh In bed as
possible. This was caused, however, by
her stomach.
She says: "In the morn,in«*r I would be
so weak I could hardly move. I was kept
on the simplest foods, principally liquids.
After some months I eecmed to get a lit-
tle better, then I cot worse. so^that^I
finally was fcrougrbt to the point art death
from non-assimilation of food."
At this time a lady recommended Grape-
Kuts Food She says: "Little did I think
a. helo It was to become to me.- I
wane greatly Interested when I read the
dSSpUon-on tbe box. that the foci was
pretested and in the shape of grape-.
SU -*i a had been unable to digest, anything'
starchy at all. but I began on Grape-huts
TiiwiM crateftil to the taste and
southed m «omach so well that I have
Susln/lt ever since, and have never
ga?nld very.'conslderably in •wgSftT** <?
which I owe to Grape-Nuts Food.
Nature's Way to G«t Well and Keep
CURED BY FOOD.
Blood Poison ot
Copper Colored Spots, Mucous Patches and Hair
Falling Out in Its Worst Stages Cured
Forever in the Privacy of Your Own
Home in a Few Weeks,
... . . . _ ,
A Free Package of This Grand Remedy tailed to All Who Send
. Name and Address,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
W«1L
W^!^J^ THE DETAILS ARE WELL^^^M
p^^ ' WORTH READING.
f^GREAT REDUCTIONS :'-"JZt -™JL ™ 1
1- :«>- : " : . IN i£ B - CORSET DEP'L handkerchief dep't. I
m WoOl W fll&t&m. vjc" uai/f rnp<:FT<! to FIT i-adies' hemstitched hand- 4
y TT V^VFll ?? dlOt<3* f/E _HAVE CORSETS JU til KERCHIEFS, made of best all purs K
1 Y-^S " The remainder of our EVERY STYLE FIGURE— »nen, fancy drawn worked; only |
i 65} ladies^waists/ made WHETHER STOUT OR SLIM. 1Oc 1
B • of very, best quality French SOME EXTRAORDINARY H
I Tifi™ 'Our new STRAIOHT. FRONT lor VAUIF* IM MIR U
I I- W Bf J 1 f 3 «'» A^/S s^S ?«-. ¦» bSS J%£2& WRAPPER DEPARTMN'T
B M : ' ?nf =il,«fo 0 n for SI 50 rV> §).' °™r the hl P s - L ow^,°E ln^ bust ' V, !aS LADIES' WRAPPERS, made of H
I -'A i?- s tn^snmP as hiKhiLS cu t. hand gored. Without exception 50od qua iity percale .in striped or g
m • « A, ? fl ?d Si OO thls ls tne best corset made 5V r^K red effects, light or dark Volors. W
g $5.25; all to be sold for 5- ana ftl.uu S1.5O fitted back, full front, waist lined. H
I «VC <Zt*l+ fnr MAJESTY CORSET IS THE %& y «™?^™*±J o »L°^ |
I J)ZD IOr $1O. 0NLY CORSET STOUT LA- Hm YQU S£EN TH£ UT£S7 |
I LADIES' TAILOR MADE SUITS. fl /£S SHOULD WEAR. ""^ '"" vlZ » I
ii made of best quality pebble cheviot, tAUIB W
II new double breasted fcton •. jacKet. i t i 3 made of best French cloth, and |f A 2_t C-l. £.„ DJLL*— 1 ty
I S'Ms^s S.SS s?-,f 'SssfTOS bwstk Metal Ends for Ribbon? I
M best quality Italian. cloth; skirt new dlum lengths. If a steel breaks In They are made of best quality fir© ¦
Q «even gored flare, lined with best tnese corsets in ninety days' time we gilt, warranted not to tarniah: some *j
P quality percaline and bound wltn rer) j ace u with a new corset. Our come in fancy Fleur de Us patterns. ff
H eood corduroy; regular $25.00 suit. spcc i a i ......82.75 enameled with best hard French o
H now selling for...... #15.00 _ p. ITTT , n FREE •? a , me i! otl V? r *L.l n floral d^Sn s ot H
m3 . . j CORSET FliiLU r tikihi. plain French gilt. s|
1 Here Is a Chance to Buy .; FirnNG KI. ONMAIN E^mef! d ..::::::::::::::::::I o gelS
I SKIRTS- •¦ OUR NfiW ¦. FERRIS '•*» II OQC For American
I -* IV -¦„„„ WiicTC AmericaflnUuC People.
I] AT A PRICE FAR LESS THAN «a tTAlMj The. port watne hose for
Pi THE COST OF MATERIAL. &*& -, /,,.,, children is the strongest and best '
Jm ¦ int. yu*ti w jSZJS ht\T I hilni*Pf1 made and exceeds a great many SOo
!i LADIES" UNDER- AWi/iX VliJIlH vll» hose.
M Qb SKIRTS, made of (MMS Made of best French **¦ ls 1D l de fl of b JJ2t 'f**: 1^* ? er ?i"
m Y7 sood quality fast u UV W «g i cloth, two sets of buttons vian yarn, fine ribbed, double heel*.
m cCO black Italian cloth, \LZ.JLff sewed in with patent toes and knees. The price is the at- £
B /'r^V^^i < finished with ruffle 9 fr tape fasteners. Worth tracUon *
i ¦ P&Z ifr £ n V neat uh stltc v^ double this price 25c WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A
m l/jfifonJ-tl bands. with extra , - vAuDiciiucnr
El !»S^*&i\' protection piece and or/»/i«n WFPlf nc nilO VAIP/iP oAMrLE LINE Or
m x£>35>?£<k faced with everlast- SECOND WEEK OF OUR SALE OF
M inK crinoline; worth . 7lflf^"!VI'C^ C\ V
m twice the price we CSAMPi F? ¦ llkL^lS O OUA«
GS „_>- «1 fill *-^ ¦" '" * Emdtmd 7
» asK ©i.w . Made of best quality Maco cotton, in
M . QCCniAl ITPM IH ff Tnr]^MVMi«r»liMr> black or tan. fast colors, double heels
|| A SPECIAL ITtm In Hi nCIGPmiJSlin^ and toes. Selling now for just half •
H CUT/ FfATirPM TT/inTC their regular value Sc a pair £
I SILK MOROEN bKIRTS. u A , h ?— s^; P ,?? needlebook, E
ra LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made ffJJ .J^y 125 !!!^ #? we nave onl y one v Containing four packages Sharp'*
M of very best quality silk moreen in if^^^^^^rT ot a style. best assorted needles, ane bodkin, as-
R the new Roman stripe effect, satin v^/3fc»M \J Here is one that ' -orted darning needles and assorted
fe; stripe; made with a «ieep graduating / /TSSwAV. J\l we cons «aer .ex- shawlplns. Highly priced, per book
K. accordeon pleated flounce, finished ff 1 1 WL \ S e P"° nair >* flne 8C '
E with full ruching of taffeta silk, tit- // \XW9\ r^T for the money.
E ted yoke, well made and perfectly 11 Y\ I J I . I^ T 1 !* "1® °£ Have You KCW SHIRT WAISTS ? r'
fe iinished; a skirt that can't be told \* V / '¦ / LADIES' SKIRTS • , f n Our " c " 3UIRI 11*1313.
£ • from silk in appearance, wears twice \^ /.Watt // made of very fin- We have them in all styles and at
ft as long for half the money....g4.ys \&si2^ j? est Lonsdale cam* prices to suit all pocketbooks.
\ ' brlc - wlth dec I- OUR SPECIAL for this week it
B m PiW ITFMV- FROM OUR . H- ! -"^ pointed flounce of LADIES* SHIRT WAISTS, made of
EJ A tcW IILMS tliUM UUti .. ¥^^? ¦ 'cluster tucks al- percale, full front. French back, new
fcO i;xiiTTJ*n HMnrnnirin . ' T trrnating with in- nishop sleeves*, in all the new shad**. Js
I KNITTED UNDERWEAR 1 ?^ V r^......... ,^ c i
1 And HOSIFRY DEP'TS S^iSS^SPsrAe^rSS SS voua mm>% worth in gloves. ; I
m » iiUU IIUJILII.I ULl IJ. rufi f e ot la^. n: these skIrts come When you buy H
I T 4T , T pc, rn\TRTVATiov «?niT<! trimmed with Normandy. Point de V^^ZS^ft. f^f-,w°» U >, Wa ?u * ¦
pi LADIES COMBINATION SLITS, Par i s and torchon laces— Rosenbersr's I -^£>--^^gZZe something that will .4
m made of best Australian wool, steam _ „ f S pin ne «•> ntt Vj-^T / /«*\ wear and guaran- H
Eg shrunk and medicated, high neck. vLSO SAMPLE DRAWERS Inade VX // tee satisfaction. M
m long sleeves, ankle length; marked of bes t 'soft bleached muslin, tucked Tth V And this is wher« K
m for quick selling....... ...»1.7.» and finished with deep ruffle of in- y°" ge J ! A^S?l U ?4% t y £ l T mon «y* , U
m. ALSO. LADIES' VESTS, made of sertion and torchon lace— only... 4J)f K T J* e S 9 RO *f IS V SJ 3 _. mad ? °S H
m best quality silk and wool, high neck. AI>SO. LADIES' GOWNS, made of best quality lambskin. Paris point
m ' long sleeves; the small store's prlco good muslin, with rcvers of insertion 3titcned back, two-clasp. In all the *j
¦m ..........;................. 81.OO and edged with Point de Paris lace: newest and most fashionable shades
§1 ' PANTS to match, same quality as square yoke of lace Insertion and of brown, tan and red. Special ¦¦•¦•¦ i
"H •* above,- ankle length, French band beading drawn through with ribbon: Sl.OO ,
| .........:..;.. v^..:v..... .... $1.00 SSSST-^SSS^SJKSS JSS?S c SSio RIBBON TALK.
'¦m- W Q >p rrillone , Sale at O'Farrell-st. Entrance. 500 bolts ALL-SILK BLACK TAP-
H L^CC vUlldPOt - FETA RIBBON. 5 inches wide, to b«
m ' ¦ ii wii iiii.iiii. i flllD CTATHCD DA I sold at next to nothing price.. ..10o
m P??S|^^^ '"ay's f sp~«ai°"n OFFERING FAR EXCEEDS ANY- ®§^^^S Batten b^fg
II fcPvmM&M mont* depart ' 1HING IN PRICE AND QUAL- T/S TiHipc
I ¦ 11^ W^ SL^om 3 ITY EVER OFFERED. 1^ '^Ki^de f b £ * . |
Wi 9wS. $Mav%l i iined. made of FEATHER BOA, made of best i£2<\ V& lty all-linen braid r
m wBc^^&^-'^mSB • :>est Battenberg ostrich feathors, 45 inches Ion?, best 1 i.V^*t Ujul /cji and new fancy m
M ft>'wE'''Affl ace or Point de ilber, the kind that don't lose its <&'%%%' §?&£.¦»"" <g stitches. It inches KS
El BBBl 3B3k. "WSsOmJ V'enise lace. "curl, in gray • rfnd natural: highly ¦iS^^l&ScrU^XJ — square, pure linen Si
g| Only 75c special SIS.oO — ~~ • center. Only.. 69c t*
f| MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. FKE1XjA.IT BTJUjDHTO-. ' BV: Trapper's Oil cures rheamatlsrn and nmirmlria.
DnijTlstB, SOo Bask. Richards A Co., fO6 Cl»y 4 •'
i Mayor ¦ Phelari will recommend , that pro
vision be made in ; the next k tax , budget for
additional i quarters ? in \ the \ Twenty-sixth
street \ hospital. ' There \ are now i twenty
four * cases "* of •. contagious ; diseases o being
cared for/ and* as the hospital j can ; accom
modate ; only fourteen; patients It 1 has been
found ; necessary,; to erect several tents ' to
house ; the overflow/; ¦'."•.•Jjy.; J \: : •. \ .' -. ¦
Quarters for Contagious^ Disease Case.
-¦¦"¦The; f rleiida "of } John * Silver j of ¦ Stockton
are worry ing over, his disappearance. " He
came Ltd | San FranciscpTon January 2 last
and - f rom • here \ was going to Los Angeles
by steamship. • ¦ Business of . Importance
took ; him to Southern California! and he
promised to rush it through and get back
home about t February -4. ; He promised to
write to his family, and also to his friertd3
of v: the Ancient" Order ' of United-.Work
men •' but-' not? a line ! have ',they* received
from : him r since : his ; deoarture, - and ; they
are beginning to fear, foul play ; His friend,
j -c ;Bowden;of- Stockton; Lodge :No. .23,
A O.'-U.-W., Is anxiously seeking him ana
Is* trying* to discover . what • steamship he
took passag* on. : ..
Over His ' Disappearance.
Friends of Johp. Silver 'AToVWTorrying
STOCKTON" MAN" MISSING.
The Purim -Jubilee and '. prize masquer-;
ade ball, held -in Pavilion last
evening.* was an' artistic; success. Scores
of pre.tty girls in costume occupied the
floor and' young men' in evening dress an<l
in costume "aided • In'- making the 'assem
blage'delightful to look upon by the large
number of spectators . who watched the
moving spectacle. At midnight the merry
makers :_ unmasked and prizes wer«
awarded.:. ;"' ."
¦ The ; following commltees had the affair
In charge:
Floor manager. R. L. Knapp: assistants..
Georife A. Letcher, , S. H. Cabaniss ; and .¦; Dr.
P Fl'oor n^!ominittee— Judge Georare GroezlnKer,
Louis Metzger," William ' A. Halsted; Thomas
Smith, George D. Wise, Isadore Golden, Judge
a : j'Frltz.' K. '¦ Bloch." J. F. Toltz. ¦ Oscar Tolle.
A; ' B.* Woiiter. George TV. Levy. H. , L. Itoth
child ¦ George Flood, E. Edwards. ¦ Stanley Rey
nolds', R-CrTates, Emll Pohll... ...¦-'.' :.;'•"¦•¦
Reception •¦ committee— Hon. _¦ C. A. - Ixiw, John
J ; Van i Nostrand, > Horace Bernard Brown,
Ralph Fredman, M. r A. Larkin.A. Hess, ; A. B.
Rhuart • P. ' J. McCormio, - t>r. Thomas - B. . W.
Iceland Ralph • Rosenthal, P. de la Montanya.
A ¦ Gordon, ¦ Abe . Levi, Arthur , ; A. Peterson,
Eminel ' Potter • Halsted, ; D.D. S. ; George Wls
kotchlns. ;
Purim Jubilee and Prize
Masquerade.
Scores ; of Happy. People Enjoy a
MERRY, MASKERS • AT
/ MECHANICS' | PAVILION
The Old Youths' Directory Made
Ready for a Pleasant
Charity Home. ;
Invited by Archbishop Kiordan, the Lit
tle Sisters of the Poor recently arrived In
this city and will to-morrow morning in
augurate work among the absolutely poor
and old of the city who ; most need care
and protection. "The work will be Inaugu
rated at mass, which will be offered* in
the chapel -of 'the old Youths' Directory,
which the 'Archbishop has placed at the
disposal of * the sisters and where their
home will be conducted. .
AH those interested in the work are cor- 1
dially invited to be present at the holy
sacrifice, which commences at 7:30 o'clock.
The Little Sisters" Home will be open, to
those who are poor and old,. the two es
sential-requirements, without any regard
to creed or. nationality. To 'be oyejr 60, of
mor*T character and In absolute want is
all that is demanded as an entrance requi
site. :.¦¦¦-: f'
.' The sisters have successfully conducted
such homes Jn the East and Europe. They
solicit aid for those under their charge
and serve them in every way-possible. A
number* of prominent women interested
in the > work have refurnished > the Direc
tory for the advent of the new sisterhood.
The Francesca , Relief , Society especially
charged i itself with the preparing of the
chapel.; ¦ .':
POOR. AND AGED WILL
BE COMFOSTABLY. HOUSED
>;.In • Paris the public" authorities i supply
gratuitously sulphurous baths to all work
tn who manipulate lead. -, ' i
Workmen Trill be held in this city .'on the
first Tuesday ; in April. '.The. reports to be
presented at i that time .will ; show^.the (in
stitution 1 of four new/ ledges during : the
year and v a net 1 ; gain ' ' of • ' 1286 ¦ members.'
There were during the year 360 deaths, the
beneficiaries I of the deceased • receiving in
the : aggregate $699,000. - , ¦ „
The Grand Lodge will be in session sev
eral days and a number of amendments
will -'be . ¦; During-.? thei session,
there will be> an exemplification of * the
secret .work. by five. or. six drill^teams for
prizes .offered by the. Grand. Lodge. ;¦ The
night previous to the first session the rep
resentatives will : be entertained by Mag
nolia Lodge' in- the '¦ Red 1 Men's'; building'
and later the grand officers ? and : repre
sentatives '. will bo tendered i a reception in
Odd : Fellows' , Hall by the , San Francisco
lodges, after which there will be : a - con
cert and a ball. -.-¦.".•': . . v . - ,.
. There will be. quite a contest for the of
fice of grand overseer, the principal candi
dates ; being M. J. . Blackman of Valley
Lodge of this city, and Dr. Browning, sec
retary of .the AJameda County: extension
committee. . For.; the office * of grand l re
corder no one but <C.\T.; Spencer, the 1 in
cumbent; has been mentioned.")- ;'¦-. - " :. ' -< -
During the same week the GrandLodge
of ;the ! Degree of < Honor, ¦ the « auxiliary of
the ; Ancient? Order, of "¦. United -Workmen:
will.be in session: : :~ ; ••
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN" '¦'.'-' y
IN GRAND XODCrE SESSION
What the Organization Has Done in
This '-'; State « in ' Past '-.
' ¦
• The next convocation of the, Grand
Lodge of the Ancient Order of . United
TWO SOLDIERS HOLD UP
CLERK IN FRUIT STOBE
While the Till Is Rifled of
Contents.
Frlday. night two. soldiers entered the
fruit store of A. Cassini on the northeast
Clifford Hernemann, who, the police say.
Is a gay deceiver of women,' Is being anx
iously sought for by the sleuths of ¦ the
"upper office." He Is wanted for big
amy, it being claimed that he - recently
married a young woman when -he -had a
wife living. Last night several detectives
were specially detailod to arrest him, but
beyond learning that he had given up his
room in a. house on , Howard street they
failed to get a trace of him.
Hernemann, who Is represented as be
ing 1 about 45 years of age, and who dresses
with' taste, about a year ago married a
young woman who lived at Newman, Stan
islaus County. Shortly after their mar
riage they came to this city and rented a
flat on Fourteenth street. Several months
ago Mrs. Hernemann suspected that her
husband had another wife and she started
an investigation. In some way Herne
mann became aware of .his wife's suspi
cions, and evidently scenting trouble he
packed his ajid left for • parts un
known. Before leaving- he sent a note to
his wife admitting his guilt and pleading
with her not to have him'arrested. ' Mrs.
Hernemann lost no . time after receiving
the note to hunt up wife No. 1. '.. She found
her living in the Mission with her son
who is about 20 years. of age. The orig
inal Mrs. Hernemann was greatly sur
prised when she learned that her hus
band had taken unto himself another
wife. . . : ; , • ¦' • :
She promised to do all in her power to
have her fickle husband brought to Jus
tice and even promised to specially em
ploy an attorney .to prosecute the charge
of bigamy against him In case he Is ar
rested. -
It is believed that Hernemann has left
the city for good, presumably knowing
that the police were after him. A war
rant will, be lssuedfor his arrest-to-mor
row and every effort will be made. to run
him down. .. V-
Newman Girl Says Man She
Married Already Had
n Wifp •
a VV lie.
DECEIVED WOMEN
COMPARE NOTES
MAHONEY'S PROPER PRIDE
SUFFERS A SEVERE SHOCK
Sergeant Who Claims Lofty Lineage Goes
Unsaluted by Patrolmen.
haps, or a slight smile* as much as to say
"Well, even an officer as a man."
But alack and alas, while the gallant
sergeant mused thus pleasantly the four
patrolmen brushed past him, with never
a glance to show they realized in whose
presence they moved.
- Thunderstruck for "a ' minute stood the
man whose ancestors fought with Brian
Boru. Perhaps they had not 6een him.
Was it not a phantasy? But no. Ma
honey pinched .himtelf. . He was real.
Nor were the retreating patrolmen dim
shades, but too,- too solid flesh, who had
passed unnoticed as a petty malefactor
.the great Mahoney. It seemed like some
weird dream. But when Mahoney found
that they were "Cold Feet" George's men
the memory of an immemorial feud with
the north side Sergeant came back to him
and all was explained.
Mahoney Is attached to the Southern
force, but at the next meeting of the Po
lice Commissioners the four remiss patrol
men must appear befote the potent, grave
and reverend board to show rause why
a royal blooded Irishman andX.thelr su
perior officer should be treated with frigid
discourtesy by common patrolmen. **
TThose heart so faint and blood so slug
pish th&t his imagination does not kindle
at. storied page of the doings of one
Brian Boru and other royal Celtic war
riors of olden time? And who so slow
to do a descendant of these same war
riors reverence as four doughty police
men at the City Hall station— a, quartet
of patrolmen attached to the forces of
the redoubtable "Cold Feet" Georgre, to
¦wit. Privates Harris, Butler,' .MacLeas
and Merrick. who slighted in the afore
said manner Sergeant Pat Mahoney.
Sergeant Pat Mahoney is, as his name
suggests. Irish In all that that title
Ftaads for; more, he is an offlcer (and a
gentleman), but beyond and above all
this he can trace his descent from the
house of one Mahoney who fought ¦ side
toy side with Brian Boru. . In a line as
straight es the ideal, or Mahonean, pa
trolman's walk. And yet four patrolmen
have slighted this son of the great.
The other aay as the descendant of
Irish Kings -was 6trol!!ng about j at the
City Hall who should he encounter but
four jolly patrolmen, strolling arm-in
arm, a la musketeers. Strict discipllna-'
rian as the sergeant is, he ha* been known
at times to unbend, and the sight of these
good fellows' jollity caused him to leel
txtra amiable. Maboney' anticipated the
abashed look which would overrproad
their faces as. covered with .confusion,
they would raise their palms to their fore
heads and humbly saiuie their superior
offlcer when they discovered him In their
midst. He thorght. with a pleasant cpn
descension. of how he would acknowledge
their respectful protestations when tfcey
saw who was by. A careless nod. per-
Divorced Couple Weds Again.
A marriage license was issued yesterday
by . . "Cupid" Danf orth / to Edward I.
Farmer and his former wife, Catharine M.
Farmer, j Mrs. Farmer was divorced from
her husband on September 14, 1900, but
through the ministrations of their little
child they resolved to join their hearts
and hands once more. Farmer is a travel
ing salesman and Rives his residence as
In New York City, while his wife resides
at 876 Eddy street.
The advance guard cf the troops or
dered to Manila" from inland ooints ar
rived at the Presidio yesterday morning.
This consisted of Company D, Seventh In
fantry, which arrived here from the De
partment of Colorado. The company con
sists of 102- men and is under the com
mand of Lieutenant George H. Knox. The
rest of • the men of the ! Seventh Infantry
and two troops of the' Sixth Cavalrv, un
der orders to Manila, are expected in this
morning at 7 o'clock. '
Arlington Hakes,~a . discharged soldier,
died yesterday at . the general hospital
from dysentery.
The Fifteenth Cavalrv is not to go di
rectly to Manila. Orders were issued yes
terday assigning Troops C and D, under
command of. Lieutenants . Burnett and
Lynch, to the Presidio, to await the sailing
of the transDort Hancock on April 3.
Headquarters and Troop H, Lieutenant
E. B. Winang commanding, have been or
dered to the Pre3idlo and Troops E and
F. commanded by Captain J. Pitcher and
Lieutenant J. T. Courad, are assicned 10
duty at Benlcia barracks. Troop G has
been ordered to Fort McDowell under tho
command of Lieutenant \V. B. Pershintr.
Lieutenant Colonel Louis H. -Rucker,
Major Frank West and the second squad
ron. Sixth Cavalry, and Companies C, D.
II and M, Seventh, Infantry, designated
for transportation- to Manila. Philippine
Inlands, on the -army t-ansoort Hancock
about the 25th inst:.- will; be held at the
Presidio' until .notice .from headquarters
that the transport' is
Acting Hospital Steward Jasper N. Law.
rence. hospital corps, is relieved from tem
porary duty at v the hospital corps school,
of instruction,; Fort McDowell, Cal.,-and
will be sent t& report to Major Guy L.
Kdie, surgeon. United States army, for
temporary •' duty ''in • connection v. with the
muster out of United '. States volunteer
troops on the Presidio* military reserva
tion. " ¦ ¦•:-
Captain Harry A. Llttlefleld. assistant
surgeon. United States .Volunteers, Is hs
slgned to and will report for temporary
duty with troops on tht a*my transoort
Hancock.
Captain Frederick W. Cox,' assistant
surgeon, Is relieved from temporary duty
at the general hospItaV Presidio, and js
signed to commanding officer, squadron
6.; United States Cavalry, for duty with
that command on the army transport
Hancock.
Captain F. P. Kenvon is assigned to
duty with the battalion of the. Seventh
Infantry to sail on the same vessel.
COMFAinr OF SEVENTH
ARRIVES AT PRESIDIO
; . 1
Part of Home Squadron of That Regi
ment' Reaches Here "From Fort ,
Logan, Colo.
>By i the arrest of Charles Mitchell and
William Davis the police believe that they
have at last : captured : the burglars who
have been, operating " Bouth of Market
street for^ the last several weeks.. The
men were arrested last night by Detectjve
O'Dea, but not withput a desperate strug
gle. Mltcheir was _armed with a revolver,
but was prevented^ from using it ', by the
quick action of the detective. In their
room on Howard street was . found a lot
of Jewelry that had been stolen from sev
eral stores. '
During the last few weeks at least three
jewelry, stores- south' of -Market street
have, been entered "and property valued at
several' hundred dollars taken. Detective
O'Dea learned.; that one of the burglars
had tried to dispose "of part' of the booty
to a Third street pawnbroker, . and \ from
the description he arrested Davis. .When
searched at the City Prison, a gold watch,
which was identified as the property " of
a. Fourth street joweler, .was found in
Davis" possession. Shortly after this man
was locked up O'Dea arrested his partner
in crime and took him to police headquar
ters. Mitchell was armed with a big Colt's
revolver and as soon as the detective
placed him under arrest he reached for it,
as if he intended to use it. O'Dea prompt
ly grabbed his right arm and after a short
struggle succeeded ¦ in placing his hand
cuffs-on him. To-day, It is expected, sev
eral charges of burglary will be recorded
against the prisoners.
Been Bobbing South , of
Market:. Jewelry
.. .Stores.
Supposed to Be > the Men Who. Have
Captured by Detective? O'Dea
After ;a-Desp3rate
Struggle:
TWO BURGLARS
IN THE TANKS
corner, of ; Buchanan/and Union streets.
There was no one In the store at the time
except ; Marlo^ Casslnl, 4r sori of the • proprie
,tor/t ¦ One 'of <. them 1 asked '- for i some fruit,"
and when* Casslnl's was turned I one
of the soldiers grasped ; him and held him
while? the 'other rifled '¦[ the tiir of " J6 CO;
They, ran away before young Cassini could
make an outcry. "¦ jjJBJWKBElBi '
1 .The matter was reported ; to the police
yesterday/mbmlng-, but i as young Cassini
could "give' no description 'of the : two ' men
there is no chance of arresting them. De
tective Reynolds has been detailed on the
case."/; ¦ ¦'--¦¦¦¦ . ¦ ' •' . . '
Edward Clark and Mead Barr, the two
soldiers, who were accused of , robbing 1 W.
T. Fitzgerald, ; another soldier, of $20 In
¦J. ; I*- Murphy's saloon, 2810 Baker street,
Friday, were * held ¦ to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss yes
terday on a , charge of grand larceny in
J2000 bonds each. j : . >•.
THE ;SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, • 3IARCH 24, 1901.
22
ADVEttTISJEMENTa, ___ u -. i_^
\
¦3 Dan LPweJJl S M |L| fiw^P^ H Wm Hid fl kSsql KaS 0
FIVE SPECIAL BARGAINS.
We have on handi about 365 Dalrs FINE
WHITE BLANKETS, heing the balance of oufj
winter stock. And commencing MONDAY^
March 25th, we will offer the entire lot at*
prices much lower than same goods can he
made for at, the present time.v All these
Blankets were made for us hu the Golden Gate
Woolen Mills,. which Is a full guarantee for
the aualitu and finish of the goods.
NOTE THE PRICES.
70 pairs WHITE -BLANKETS, tnree- CO 7R Doir
duarter iDed size OOiio Idll
80 pairs 'WHITE BLANKETS, three- QA nfl Poir
guarter bed size (extra lieayo) ...... OtiUU rail
125 ."pajps WHJTE BLANKETS, full Del OK [)[] Doir
60 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, extra size PC flfl Doir <%
(CaUfornia wool). ; OOiUU rdll
30 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, 'extra size P7 nfl Doir
¦::'. (Australian wool).. . . . ., ......:. 01 lUU rdll
.. In connection with this sale of Blankets we will .
offer *4 cases WHITE SATIN FINISH MARSEILLES
BEDSPREADS, full size, hemmed and ready for use,
at $2.00 and S2.5O each; and 15 cases extra
aualitu snowflake comforters, yUnted sllKollna
covering, $1.50 each.
III. 113. 115. 117^119. 121 POST STREET.
Automobile
Spectacles**
SOMETHING NEW IN BT8
PROTECTORS.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory or*
premises. . Quick repalrlns, Phone, Mala M.
642 Market 5t. instruments
unota CHftowicu Bun.oiM&. CATALOGUE ffittl
IDB. PIERGFS ELEGTRIG BELTi
fc America Abead of • tbe World In Electrical litre a- •
f tlons! Everybody knows this! Our new Body-'
? Battery,, ((J. S. Patent) to itrictly an American'
) tnventlon-THK Belt of the Century. It lenda a|
> poy rf "-I. reversible current throusli th« human .
.body from ll«md to K»ot. carlnc Chronlo and.
, Kerroas DUeues and Weakness of Stale or Female .
k. as If by Magic ¦ Soj>oaittT« arc we that no other • '
? beltlstheeqaalof M Dr. Keree's," taat we will lead ¦
«lt u.\ APPKUVAL for comparison with aor belt'
; now sold In America. " Seeing U BelleTlng:'' ;
'. XOTt— We never »end belt* "On Trial,'* thar*-'
. fore in ortertog *«Dr. PierceV' no risk Is nm ef > >
> contracting okla Dlaeu* or other Disorders by '
•using an arn>liaiiee prevlanaly . warn, br atker'
r perwon*. Call, or send a Jc ttamp for new ''Booklet ! '
I No. %.' Addres. : PIKEC K 1U.ECTB1C CO. '
, 1145 r.ro»<ttTay. (near 26th St.) New Vork, < !
I Or 63O Market Street. San Francisco. -
ia CNicHcrrcR*s cnqlish
PENNYROYAL PILLS
•> it ftv5 l » SA " :^£' w ?7' reU » w * L«4le». Mil Dronf H
£&\Jp8&< tor ClIICHESTEIf!* KNGLKM
j2l .^JL* g i w "" M«« ribbon. Tak« no nth er. Kirfttnai
I / •¦¦ uf f«m». Boy »f yo«r Dnxtsut. or nj 4^. t™
VV, P fcFL«dl«a,**.U«rrbrri.
-\__ L f _ tar» Mail- 1 0.OOO TmttBMaUln. Wub*
Bjp J|
Mr. Georgo Mayerle, Optician, San Krancis-
co, Cal. : Agreeable. to promise that after two
years' use of the glasses x»u fitted to my
sight I would tell you what I thought of them.
I take pleasure In writing I have never had so
much comfort in the use, of glasses as I ha<l
with those procured from you. Their use has
demonstrated that they restored normal sight,
and I add further that the dally use of -them
for many hours by day ami by night has not
produced any strain on the eyes, such as I ex-
perienced with other glasses. Respectfully,
• ERNEST C. STOCK.
NeglePted eyesight affects . the bra!n. May-
erle's glasses strengthen the eye and brain.
GERMAN K YE WATER, 50c.
Consultation, Examination and Advice Froe.
Open Evenings until 9. Telephone South 572.
GKOBGE JIAYEULE, German Kxpert Opti-
cian. Charter member American Association
of Opticians; graduate of the N. I. College of
Ophthalmology: also American College of
Ophthalmology; _ .
1071i$ Market Street.
(Opposite Hibernla Cank, San Francisco, Cal.)
See City Directory for Eye Specialists.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are -wanted for
reading or distance, orboth: and what price.
CUT '.THIS OUT.
GEORGE MAYERLE, 1 German Expert Optician
(San Francisco Call.)
After. Being Thoroughly Convinced That May-
erle s Glasses Are Far Superior to All Others. '
for reading: or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
Ing spots, pain about the eyes, behind the ' head
or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes, crosseyes,
burning, smarting. Itching, scratching, twitch-
ing, gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. > Mayerle's
glasses rest the eyes, strengthen the optic nerve
and preserve the. sight. Mayerle's glasses are
now used by the highest United States Army.
Navy and Government officials. : >M>kaawsm
Highly Recommends Mr. George
¦ Mayerle, the German \ Expert '
Optician. -, j
A CALL REPORTER
EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
BRIGHT ANDn^RLY^
as you, see in the picture b°loiv ; values up to BwmSiI*!!! 1^^^ iflBrmBmi
fifed<?, Cheviots and Tweeds, this spring's goods, l«^f^^^^^™*™H^^tiI«
Just as bright and su'cct as new-mown hay, as i^^^. mn>i>— .aiJara
pretty as the flowers that bloom in tht spring. m||BrtC"^^BBRp^
You know how we build Sailors? We have
Thts* to fit little chaps between, the ages of 3 s^lomTT^^'^ipMffifS^
tables like wildfire at thz price, and that will be xjpy - .¦¦¦^mBBMSffsTO^i^
)! /i0~ y° zl see ihat snit u 'ith itsminly liW^Mi;^ ¦)][ | Nl^}
if^Lm^^^^^^^^M'h Httle vest > Pictured opposite? \W^^r^^m Xx\
'¦I^WBBSS^^^PM IL ' S a sweU oiftir in the nnv ffllSDcffiB®ffl /V
ilk s^^^^^^mMi crichetin i stri P ss > whlch n ™ so W&w^0v^ ll r I
jBnlW^^P^llNRB lii^^^^" 7 COQNEB\<EAQKFfjT: . rived late Saturday
Monda f' | P^±P -WrNCOBuRoRATEb UhIOH SQUARE AvC nighty ;'.
THE HOUSE THAT LIKES MAIL ORDERS. . : V
U2KK^^^nSttfUI3B(&ilK2B&&ti&7sX£k /^¦£ : ..... * . ,
Cash orittTfe at a* time *-tf<^i^S^ I
V CHAMBER SUITES. *
f« have Just received several car load* of the finest Oak Chamber 'Suites la
an Infinite variety of styles; all the latest patterns and op to dat» trtStext
The above Is only one of many attractive patterns. Prlcea lower than thalowl
est. We have no rent to pay and can sell cheaper.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.,
IO17*1O23 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth, San Francisco. c--v&>..
,, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Cures
_Goit;p^
Remarkable Discovery That Cures This
Dange rsu3 and Disfiguring Diseas) : j
Without Pain, Operation .
or Inconvenient).'. ¦
TRIAL PACKAGE SENT FREE
. Drl John. P.. Halg, .a; well known Cincinnati
physician, has - had marvelous i success . with - a
remedy, that .cures Goitre or Thick Neck, C And
MRS. ELLEN A: GLAYNOR.Covlngton. JKy.'. :
- . , : was* cured ; after ¦ suffer I ns t for 1 2S . years ;";lt
f :you wish you are at' liberty, to' .write her..;,.,
owing: ;• to the ;. fact that ' most ; sufferers believe
Goitre is Incurable Dr. : Halg sends a ' free trial
package of his' discovery, so ! that i patients' may,
, try,- and know ? positively that '- Goitre ¦ can\ be
cured i at ! home I without paln,'\ danger, I operation
or ' any; inconvenience. • • . - ; .-. •,
- Send your name and "address to Dr. John P.
.Halg, 1435 ' Glenn . Building, •", Cincinnati,- Ohio,
and. he .will. forward > the , treatment, postage
prepaid. Do * not - fail • to .' get - this •, wonderful
remedy. In i Bombay, r, India, ' 60.000 patients • in
that .-; Infected % district { were ;, cured . with - this
same; remedy, :, and ', wherever ' used * Its '<¦ success
has been ** marvelous. '.•*, ¦ ~. . <,, . ¦.* ., v • ; :
ij. Write • at 7 once, •: send ¦' name • and * address i to-
day, •= and Dr.> Haig will be glad to send you a
trial ; package of ; the : remedy fre'e.: ; Do not ; de-
SPRING
STYLES.
Black Silk
Skirts.
.sgkq, ¦ .New Silk Skirts.
Jll .....$7.50'
*?£F New Silk Skirts.
>^s. ...'.$10.00
/I >$i New SUk Skirts.
//\j$ ..$12.50
"U-fflK ¦ New Silk Skirts.
<( l\ \ ¦ v- $15.00
"n-: I I New SOk Skirts.
X] I .. $20.00
jl } \ Nrw Silk Skirts/
y|J >sA •• $25.00
r New Silk Skirts.
¦^^>^->r. "•;•.¦/. $30.00
THE BLACpOobs HOUSE
1106 Market Street,
(R/T. KENNEDY COMPAMY).
TELEPHONE SOUTH ATS.
MMMm:
rpHia v^EUrOows and p.kliable oti>
- .1" Specialist cures Blofxl Polsoo,«onorrhcea,01e*t,
, 8trictur«, bieruliml Weakness, Impotence ami their
•Hied Disorders.' 1- Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OY«r20yeara'experitnce.Tennsreaflonable. Hour%
9to3dally ;8:30 toS.30eT'g>L SnndaT*. 10 to 12. Coraml-
!taUoDfreeaodsmcredlTeonfldeDU&l.Canoraddr.8a
1P/BO8COB MeJtfUlVrX"; H.D.' ;-/.^. :
86 H Kearny SW »an Francisco, £&-
. Contains no "special brands." We iff
\\ do have to rely on the manufac- Jm
\§^- turers of $3.50 ' shoes. We have • Ap
built our shoes to suit the needs of iw^"
>NV the people — 2.1 .^ i»r
>SSl years in this busi- A/w
jf^T^^S. nCSS — 2 * vears ' n Ay^rZSS*^.
Mr "^«l serving the most 70S^"""!^^.
yJ/McvicW particular people S0a\ J^^S.
of the Pacific
// Ah -^ «»r /\\\\ Coast, have shown lllA% m-
m^ 50 1 us whcrc and how |f|» Q Rift lu
I " #3^— - I to bu y our stock. HI" A^-l" |H
v 7^ III w< have in tbis \\\ '^^ III
N^S^^-^^' and women. Each Xg^V '
individual line has ill
the care :- of the HI
manufacturer. who has attained the highest standard' ' III
of excellence' for making that style of shoe. Our ad- jjl
vertisinfi: tells the truth. ¦ No branch stores. IliMISS BEATRICE GREY STEELE
BECOMES THE BLUSHING BRIDE
OF THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.
Oakland Belle Is Made the Wife of the Well-Known
Racing Magnate, and Only Immediate Friends Witness
the Ceremony—pMany Wedding Gifts for Happy Goiiple
2IR. AND MRS. THOMAS H.. WILLIAMS JR., WHO WERE MADE HUSBAND
AND WIFE IN OAKLAND YESTERDAY. THE SIMPLE CEREMONY BE
ING PERFORMED AT THE HOME OF THE BRIDE'S MOTHER.
<TA. Neal* Dow. meeting' *undcr. the auspices
of > the IWoman's I; Christian ,' Temperance
Unlon;will be held at 132 McAllister Btreet
on .Wednesday next'at 2 p. m.JTHlss Marie
Brehm and; other, well-known 1 temperance
workers will be present. All are invited
to. attend."; ¦•' .;¦.¦•.;.,..¦¦¦.•" t. ;'¦.,¦ ' --»> ' : . - .,-. .¦ ;
Plan a ; NealTDow. JCeeting.'
1500 Market Street, Above • Oity
Hall Avenue.
Mr W. F. Pipher, receiver of the Cali
fornia Shoe Co.. will cither lose J1000 or
sell to-morrow 1000 pairs of ladies' shoes.
In order to dow, will sell Ivies' shoes
1 and ties worth not less than $2.50 for only
A. r 0c a pair. Come around and you will
Jkuy them at the Bankrupt .Shoe Sale of
*7he California Shoe Co.. 1506 Market street,
J .above City Hall avenue. SaJe wlll^ begin
' it » a. m. and not before, W. F. Pipher,
• Itacelverc -
Attorney Coffey demanded Jury trials in
the cases of forty fantan players In Jud?e
C&banlss' court yesterday. This will {en
tall the summoning of forty different
venires and will, occupy the time of tho
court and business men in listening to the
same story forty times over. \ The first
trial was set for April 14.
I \ .¦•'¦' .'
Singing Priest to Lecture.
On-Thursdny evening, April 9, the Rev.
Father McLohghlln, S. T. L.,.will give one
of his musicals lectures In Metropolitan
Hall, tnder the auspices of - the. Young
Ladles 1 Institute, For his subject he has
chosen V "The ' Bhamrock, « Roz* and
ThlBtlcr .
Useless Waste of Time.
- The Federal Salt Company has a con
tract" for all the - local product '; for " five
years. Dealers are threatening to i bring
salt in from the East if practicable. Last
November California table and dairy salt
was quoted at Jl 15. In December the fig
ures were $2,' In January- 52 15/ in February
$2 60 and in March,- the present month,
J2 65. In the same period salt by. the ton
has risen from $7 to $16 35.
Again the prices of salt is going upward.
Dullng every ' ' one of the last four months
th/re has : been "' an advance by, the : Fed
eral Salt ' Company, which t. regulates ; the
market. .The " present • figures ; are double,
those of last November. ;-; The dealers and
other -parties ,who • use salt largely are
anxious to know whether "there will be a
monthly; advance, as ' there ) has been for
four, months past. , v.
ent ¦ Month, Amounts /to
200 Per Cent. /
Advance, Including That of the Pres-
PRICE OF SALT > fl0*ING
UPWARD STEADILY
train will only leave this city once a week,
Wednesday . being : the ; day i selected."* 'The
route will be 'over.: the -new' coast' division.'
: With the Increase of traffic at the Third
and Townsend j street • depot ; : there • was a
rumor that-: the old deoot .would - be * toin
down -and a: new and . more ¦- commodious
building erected in fts- place. -Manager
Kruttschnltt states that, though V plans
had been prepared ; for.' the j erection -, of ¦ a
new depot- nothing .wouid' be 'done In r tho
matter , tor. some time. The • new building
will be ' erected : at . tho , corner of : Fourth
and Townsend ; streets.
PLANS ARE DRAWN FOR ;;
NEW j PASSENGER DEPOT
Will Not Be Erected for Some Time
- and Will Be on New
•vSite.v; '-'•';-.:
On and after April 1 the Sunset LJmlt-d
Some years ago Allen and his wife were
separated. During his long years of ser
vice ' with the railroad company: Allen
managed to acquire considerable property.
Two of his sons were arrested for robbery
and sentenced to twelve and fourteen
years respectively In State prison. -
. Since his wife left him, Allen has had a
housekeeper In the person of Mrs. 1 Hen.
rietta Patch,' an elderly woman with two
daughters, who In addition to her labors
in a nearby laundry has cared for the Al
len apartments.
Joseph Allen was arrested and when
brought before Judge Mogan yesterday
secured a" continuance of his case ' until
Monday. ¦ ; .
Matrimonial disturbances in the famll"
of James/ Allen, for fifteen years "past a
freight handler In the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company, on Friday
night resulted in the arrest of Joseph Al
len, one <Jr^ his sons, on a charge of dis
turbing the peace.
The younger* Allen went to his father's
residence at S43 Harrison street and,with
the assistance of two companions threw
all the furniture out of the house.
Participants.
Trouble on Harrison Street Results
in Arrest of One of the' .
HOUSEHOLD GOODS AKE
THROWN INTO STEEET
When the Kelso Contracting Company
was in need of mone; a year or two ago
Chase advanced it SIT'A John Kelso was
chief stockholder and Chase took the note
of the concern secured *jy a mortgage on
a. lot at Howard and E.ghteenth streets,
alleged to have been transferred to the
company by Kelso and hit wife. The al
leged conveyance to the corporation was
Indorsed ¦with Craig's seal find purported
to have been acknowledged before the
notary. \ '
In his complaint Chase all egei that Mrs.
Kelso never appeared before tl<» notary
and that the deed in question w» s never
executed. He further alleges thu tbe
piece of property namM In the XHeged
deed was not eonveyable, as ifwy i - n
cumbered by ft claim of homestead
by Mrs. Kelso. V
I>ee D. Craig, the notary public who
achieved notoriety In connection with the
eeconfl trial of the Craven-Fair case, has
been sued, together' with his bondsmen.
John H. Wise and Richard F. Knox, by
W. W. Chase to recover $1700. The ground
of action is peculiar. The complaint sets
forth that Chtse was Induced to port with
the foim named ander the belief that a.
conveyance had b*«n made before the
notary by Mrs. Eleanor Kelso.
Worthless Conveyance.
Sum Invested Upon Alleged
U0TAB.Y CSAIG ACCUSED
OF A SEBIOUS OFFENSE
"W. "W. Chase Seeks to Becover iArgs
THOMAS H. TVTX.LIAMS JR. Is a
benedict. In Oakland at half-past
6 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Miss Beatrice Grey Steele placed
her hand in his. and standing be
fore Rev. Dr. William Corson Shaw of the
Church of the Advent, East Berkeley, the
¦ An organ prelude of national airs opened
the evenings programme. Then In a few
brief words Turner was introduced. With
out preliminary, ado ; he! a tar ted in to , re
hearse the whole , history,; of the . war • bfe
tween Kngland and - the : Boers of South
Africa. He depicted in glowing terms the
part he took In the fighting as a scout and
engineer. Hetold of his finesse in obtain
ing the secrets of -the most noted English
generals and illustrated his- remarks with
many waves of the ruler he held in his
hand. v - l ; • ¦ ; ; "¦ ; •-
Every. mention of the name of Oom Paul
was greeted "with, applause. '¦ But during
.the course of ' the 'lecture .Interruptions
.were frequent. - ,At . one : time a 'fight
seemed Imminent." 'The lie' was passed by
two' men in :the, audience, and not until
Turner- announced- that, he would- be at
home on Geary street- to meet all comers
was quiet obtained. - -
F. J. Turner Gives "Graphic Descrip
tion of Scenes and Incidents of .
Campaign in Transvaal. ;
F. J. Turner, who styles himself an
"American Boer," lectured last night at
Metropolitan -Temple.' ' A. small' but-en
thusiastic audience greeted him when he
was introduced "by Theodore Plnther of
the committee in cnarge of the Boer cause
in this citv. - . - ¦' . .. ,-• '
"AMERICAN- BOER',', TALKS
ON SOUTH.APEICAN- WAR
AN object. lesson In- the growth of
education, in California was fur
nished yesterday . at the State
University when "charter .day"
was celebrated with' appropriate
ceremonies, the occasion being. the thirty
third anniversary of the -founding of the
seat of learning. . *
Past, present and future; were, repre
sented in the joyous, gathering 1 in .the
classic shades ; of : Berkeley's old- oaks.
Men were ; there who were with -the pio
neers and helped to establish the. educa
tional institution;; they represented the
past. ¦ The "students .: who ' years >-ago had
imbibed education by: the; help of. the old
professors came to honor their ."alma ma
ter"— students in spirit for the day.- but
men: of , renown. and high standing In the
community; -they represented- the present.
Man> hundreds of graduates and under
graduates,, who are figuratively "sporting
their oak,"/ took part In the exerclsesas
the representatives of the future, for upon
them will fall the duty of carrying on the
tasks '; and problems which { their elders
must' In course .of time lay down. '
"Nature smiled kindly, on: the celebration
of "charter day," and as the'orator of the
day remarked, "theskies had put on the
blue of Yale, the part color of : the State's
university." . ... ;';./, .•;-.* ;¦ ; ,.'
The; exercises were simple yet most im
presslveV Following \i "custom!^Professor
Arthur Twining Hadley, president of -Tale
University, was Invited to.dellyer.the cele
bration address and his scholarly remarks
created' a' profound Impression.- ' - ;•
Claus' Spreckels' ¦ Munificent Gift.
A shore address by President. Benjamin
Ide Wheeler '.was' punctuated "with-ap
plause; 7 that ; became-, deafening ¦ when he
announced a idft of $12.000 'to ..the univer
sity by Cla'usiSpreckels* .' ...'; "__. -:.-" ; * *; ;^
: professor Joseph' Le '. Con te, ./**the' be
loved," had the 'pleasing" task of 'unvelf-
Ing the" painting of 'the late Andrew -S.
Hallidie; who for^more' than, thirty -years
devoted his utmost efforts , to the good of
the State University. :V The painting 'was
presented by Uhe' widow of the late, re
gent, . and was painted by ; Harriet ; Foster
Beecher. . ¦ ..'¦¦•'.'¦¦.-• '.'.:•¦''¦'¦. ".¦..¦'. ¦ -.,• .- '¦¦ ..
; Although, the exercises were, scheduled
to commence at:9:3<) a. m., the campus of
the university -was '.crowded, with thou
sands i long before r- the - appointed time.
'•• Inverts .-¦ lane.'-'- the - tennis- .court, 'the
shady walks, aU had .'their quota of 1 stu
dents 'artd/thefr friends.; : while "the fra
ternity,^ houses threw, their.. portals' wide
to entertain guests.- Many were the rem
iniscences exchanged by distinguished rep
resentatives of. the. "alumni'.' '.who met yes
terdayln honor of the. University of .Cali
fornia, r h'-i -<--' "'¦'¦.¦' ,V' ¦'¦ .1 ...V"'-- 1 - : >
'-' For, an- hour . preceding, the exercises >ln
Harmon • gymnasium ' the ' guests., were en
tertained by a concert ' given .by HInrlchs'
Band underlBerkeleyV famous oak trees.
At 9:30 a.; m.' the doors, of the gymnasium
were ripened and the spacious building
was quickly filled. 'The' band played pleas-
Ing selections pending the arrival of. those
who were | to | conduct . the • exercises.^-The
gymnasium | was T decorated In" the college
colors and on. the platform. was the paint
ing to be unveiled. by Professor LeConte.
Procession Through ¦Grounds,
v-At 10 a. m. a bugle call notified all.pres
ent- In 'i the ¦ building : that :. the » faculty, ; rer
gen ts, - alumni ¦ and guests, ' escorted • by . the
University Cadet Corps," had started, from
the Bacon 'Art 'and Library 'building ; for
the "Harmon ? gymnasium.* The procession
moved along the ' green-lined walks of- the
grounds. ¦¦ Inifront- walked * the -regents of
the university: : then earner the* faculty,
wearing » their, srowns : and : hoods of * many
colors, and ! last' came : the • alumni * and < In
vited guests.-; .s »'-.•;. :¦' ¦ ¦ -:• ' : " -V •¦¦•;>¦¦>-•-;. :',¦¦¦•<
¦ On entering the gymnasium the students
and thelr^fnends salutedi'the- procession,
the *' college yell , being ;.» given ' with ; right
good -wlllr< Down*; the maini aisle -of the
building s the - procession .wended Its way
to the platform.* ' :> • - -r ; " ;• \. -^.
|p Presidents .Wheeler, and Hadley: occupied
chairs I in I the I center I of j the | platform | and
were flanked I on' the right I and left by • tho
regents,' faculty and representatives of the
alumni.*" a- v. '>¦.>¦ , " •¦;•,?-. <i.u : .¦>;,;..
¦y The z ; students 5 '-' loudly • j cheered v; Presi
dents (Wheeler and Hadley, similar recep
• ¦-- -_ f .-.-. ¦_ - , . . ¦..- .
The wedding was altogether Informal,
and under those conditions proved even
more impressive than 6uch affairs usually
are. The ceremony was performed in the
library of the home of the bride's
mother, Mrs. E. L. G. Steele, corner
cf Sixth and Jackson streets, Oak
land, and no floral arrangements or
elaborate decorations robbed the room, of
its homelike appearance. The , dozen
puests bidden to the wedding formed' a
semicircle round the happy couple and
listened in impressive silence while the
eolfemn binding words were spoken. There
was no best man and no maid of honor;
no white satin and no orange blossoms.
Just two earnest, loving hearts, anxious
to be made one. and their few. near
friends, eager to shower good wishes upon
them.
After the ceremony the health of the
newly wedded pair was pledged in spark
ling bumpers, and then Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. slipped quietly
away "to hide for a few hours."
The bride made a charming picture in
her pimple gown of soft gray and white
foulard. The s»kirt was made en train
and hung In clinging folds round her slim,
happy couple vowed to love and honor
one another "until death do them part."
The ground of the appeal will be that
Herllhy was not notified of. the = existence
of any charges against him and; was not
placed upon trial; that the revocation of
his license was the taking away from him
of his property and his means of livelihood
.without due 'process of law.;
Chief Engineer Hcrlihy, late of the ill
fated Rio de Janeiro, does not_ think that
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United States
Inspectors of lLocal . and Foreign Steam
Vessels, did him entire Justice when they
convicted him of neglect of duty and pun
ished him by revoking his license. He has,
therefore, consulted with Attorney Harry
W. 'Hutton with a view toward taking an
appeal from the Judgment of the inspec
tors.
Taken' Away Without: Due
Process of Law.
Contends That His License "Was
Mr. and Mrs. Williams will mak»» t*">«r
home at the Williams residence at Eighth
and Oak streets, Oakland. .
CHIEF ENGINEER HEBUHY
WILL TAKE AN APPEAL
The lady who is now Mrs. Thomas H.
Williams "Jr. Is an Oakland young woman.
She is very attractive, tall and slender,
with a Diauante face lit' up -toy a- pair of
splendid dark eyes and crowned with, a
wealth of brown hair. She is the daugh
ter of the late E. L. G. Steele, a well
known merchant and clubman.
The guests at the wedding were: Mrs.
E. L. G. Steele, Miss Muriel Steele, E. L.
G. Steele Jr., Mrs; Charles A. Bennet,
Miss Elsie Bennet, Charles Bennet,
Charles Pajcton, J. Naglee Burk, Clarence
Waterhouse and Louis Llssak.
Miss Muriel Steele, sister of the bride,
was prettily gowned in pale lavender
crepe, trimmed with white chiffon.
The young couple were the recipients of
many elegant and costly gifts, whlch.in
cluded exquisite hits, of rare art, elegant
silver and much lovely faience and
costly crystal. One "present, . especially
prized by the young bride, was a
silver and Dresden coffee set and tray,
the gift of Judges Price, Hopper and
Murphy and Starter, Holt man of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club.
girlish figure. The corsage was elabor
ately trimmed with Cluny lace. A white
lace hat with a garland of pink roses was
perched coquettishly upon the nut brown
hair and lent the finishing, touch to the
costume. J
PROMINENT FIGURES AND SCENES IX THE CHARTER DATCEIX
t BRATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA IN HARMON GYM
NASIUM AT THE STATE" INSTITUTION YESTERDAY.
Con tinue d on. Pago Thirty-Two,
' .. ¦ '."'¦¦ - ¦ —
engineering. Mrs. HalHdle, intends to crests
a department of mechanical engineering In the
library and hopes to make it one of the strong
est In the country.
Who can speak better to us of the merits
and worlc of Andrew 3. HallMle than one
who knew him all his life? Who can speak
better than one who knew Andrew S. Hallidie
with his head and his heart? Wno could bet
ter tell of the work Andrew -S. Hallldl* did
for the university than our beloved JoseDh
1* Conte? .
/ Le Conte>s Tribute to TTn^Hfo
The venerable Professor' Let Conte ad
vanced to the front of the platform and
for fully three minutes he was compelled
to bow to the thunder of applause: ten
dered him. • When quiet was resumed.
Professor Le Conte said: ' >
I am sure that every friend cf the university
will rejoice with me for. the gift of this por
trait of Mr. Hallidie. He was of Scotch blood.
So am I. He cams to California In the early
days. We two grew up, a* It were, together.
He had a double share of Scotch integrity, en
terprise and noble qualities. For thirty-two
years he devoted himself to the affairs of the
university of this State. He was on the first
Board • of - Resents In 1S68 and continued bis
work until his death. His work was a life
long devotion to the University of California.
As chairman of the committee of finance he
laid the foundation of the success ot the uni
versity. - Its success was due to his wise and
economic management of finance and he con
tinued that devotion until he died. It Is now
my duty and honor to show you the present
ment of this great benefactor.
At ,this point Professor Le Conte drew
aside the hangings which covered the por
trait of the late Regent, and the audience
applauded heartily. Continuing, Professor
Le Conte said :
In the name of the faculty. In the nam* of
'- "''••¦-¦.¦ •¦ . - i
tlons being -accorded Professors Kellogg
and Le Conte. . - •
Vi The. men of. learning; were not the only
ones - to wear their gowns and trencher
caps, 'many .'of the young lady students
also appearing i in - the distinctive college
dress. l . ¦
Atthe request of- President Wheeler, the
audience arose while Rev. Dr. Clampett
of Trinity Church, San ; Francisco, asked
the blessing of God on the university and
all present.; v "
-".' : President Wheeler's Welcome.
Wheeler then delivered the
opening address." _ He received a hearty
greeting from the students ' and when the
cheering subsided said: •'
¦".The University of California t to-day wel
comes ' all ; ita friends. . Blessed - Indeed is this
institution: in -.the number < of friends it has.
The ¦¦ State of California has seen 'fit to In
crease-the income of the university. We ars
thankful , for • it because we know . the univer
sity has ' many friends and no foes. My ex
perience - in ' going 'before ¦ the -. Legislature - was
that •'. the ¦ university. - had ' only friends. Again
we, express our thanks for the aid received.;
. There 1 s no stopping • place i now; ; The State
must ¦ grlve - more and private generosity must
outdo what Is done by. the State. . ......
"You know, what private beneficence has done
for the university. Those .who love, this uni
versity -believe < in . its work.-. It . is with " great
pleasure _ that I , announce to-day : the' gift ' of
$12,000 from Claus Spreckels. to be devoted to
a epeciflc ' purpose . to be announced % later.
Foremost among : the - benefactors of the "uni
versity.- I ' recognize . the '¦ student " body. . I ' say.
this 2 on • behalf of myself, y the- - faculty, . the
various 1 classes ' antl' t he ; stndenta. " He that
bath ears let him hear now. :?cmp*imm&m*mt»ma
There is no man whose nams holds , a. higher
place ¦ in • our . hearts . than that ' of Andrew S.
Hallidie. ' Mrs. • Hallidie ' has < given to i the uni
versity . her i husband's prlvata library of 2500
volumes, mostly • on ' subjects * ot '; mechanical
Just ¦when the new plan will be Installed
is not known, and officials of the railway
company refused yesterday to discuss the
matter. It is thought that many corpor
ations using much power and whose coal
bills are therefore heavy will follow the
lead of the, Union Iron Works and Market
Street Railway and Install oil burning fur
naces as; cheaper, cleaner. and more com
pact than the coal consuming varletv.
President Hays of the Southern Pacific
Company has decided to equip ¦ the road
with a number of new locomotives and
has invited bids for their "construction.
John S.: Cook- of the : Cook Locomotive
Machine Works of Paterson, N. J.. T. W.
Gentey of the Richmond. Locomotive Ma
chine Works of Richmond, Va., and John
E. Sague of the Schenectady (N. Y.) Ma
chine Works all arrived from the East
yesterday and •will compete for the work. ..¦¦
The locomotives are to be built from the
latest models and will be used in the over
land, passenger, service. The representa
tives '¦ of the machine works will meet
President Hays on ¦ Monday to receive
specifications.
King coal has had his Inning In this
city as fuel, but oil now bids fair to.sup
plant him. The Market Street Railway
Company has followed the example of the
Union Iron "Works In ordinary oil furnace
facilities. The street railway corporation,
however, will go .beyond the iron works
in its'consumption of the liquid fuel. The
Iron works will use 100,000 barrels a year,
while the car company has contracted for
25.000 barrels per" month for a term of
three years. • . ....-•,
MALKET-STREET -.BAI1WAT
WILL USE OIL FOB FUEL
Big Corporation Contracts for.Twenty-
Five Thousand Barrels Monthly
of Crude Product.'
President^Hadley of Yale' Delivers Forceful Address — Dona
tion Spreckels— Portrait
off; -the > : < i£at^ : fRegentr Andrew Hallidie Is Unveiled
President Charles Hays of the Southern
Pacific Railroad evidently Intends Intro*
ducing Eastern methods into the manage
ment of the company. It Is a method that
will not be appreciated by the - employes—
for it means a cut in salaries. The men in
the employ of the corporation are on the
ruixious seat. It has reached their, ears
that their salaries will, be cut before the
end of April. The cut may come sooner,
and the new schedule of - wages may be
put Into effect at the end of the 'present
month. The men are now'discu3singthe
advisability of entering a formal protest
against the proposed action of President
Hays. "While such a protest might -have
but little effect, it will be presented, how
ever, if definite knowledge of the proposed
reduction is obtained by the men.
v The two offices affjectecT by the reported
cut employ fully 300 men. There are about
160 employes in the local freight office.
They were the first to receive "a tip" that
their salaries were to be scaled down.
They next heard that the clerks in the
freight auditor's ofttce were also on the
"books" and marked. for a cut in wages.
The men of both departments are now
waiting and watching for developments.
They will not submit to a reduction with
out a struggle, for they say that they are
now receiving less pay than their services
should command. >r^ -
While the men are not willing to make
public their grievances they are discuss
ing among themselves the best course to
pursue when the dr»ad day arrives. They
are certain that it is coming and they
feel that it is not far distant. It is known
that the heads of the departments in
volved have approached several of the
clerks longest in the employ of the com
nany "to sound them" on the matter.
These clerks have all answered that they
will not under any circumstances willing
ly submit to the proposed reduction. The
evident intention of quizzing these old
clerks was to obtain an insight. Into the
feelings of the clerks in the two depart
ments.
The employes freely talk among them
selves, but they do not express their feel-
Ings to the heads of departments. The
report sent back to the departmental
heads by the clerks approached Is to the
effect that if a cut lt> made it will not be
with the consent of the men and that they
will make an appeal for their rights.
Some. of the men are In a position that
would ordinarily, compel them -to remain
quiescent. They have families. dependent
upon them and feel that "a half-loaf is
better than no bread." But while feeling
this way they are willing to stand by
the decision of the majority and will
abide by the result.
It is expected that the matter will come
to a head within the next few days. The
strong feeling: evinced bythe clerks may
Induce President Hayes and his advisors
to leave well enough..alone -and not ' en
deavor to put the proposed cut Into effect.
and Will Not Submit With
out Protest. .
Employes in Two Departments Be
(ceive \ News as to Proposed Cut
Southern Pacific President
Planning, to Reduce
Wages.
THEIR SALARIES
ARE IN DANGER
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
CELEBRATES "CHARTER DAY"
WITH FITTING CEREMONIES
«*«+. «?»+«?* ? #? #? «?# ?¦?¦?¦?¦»•
Pages 23 to 32
I Pages 23 to 32 1
SAN FRANCISCO, SIJNDAY, MARCH 24; j 190 lySgSUMMART.
Two-base hits — Krus.- Kennedy. ; Thres-baae
hits — Dunleavy, .Smith. Struck out — By Overall
«. r By; Mo«Kiinan h.~ Hit by < pltcher-^Butltr.
Double 4 - plays— Gardiner, to. King (2). * Passed
ball— 8mlth. Time - of ramr— 1 ¦•¦ hour I and -45
mlnuteu. Umpire — Waterbury. -Scorer—En
slfc-n. . ¦ - ¦ j
AB. R. BH. SB. PO.'A. E.
Hunter/ es..... ....... 5 ' 0 0 0 1 -\ 4 0
Smith, c...... ........ 4 ' Oil 5 2 J 2
Kin*. 2b.." 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Braley. 3b. ....•....:... 4. 0 2 0 2 4 2
Hamlin. c. t 4 .1 ,10 2 0-0
Kennedy, 1. t. ....... 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
McKeown, r. f...... 4 1 0 1 0 .0 0
Oardlner, lb ....4 0:30 9 3.1
Overall, p.. 4 .. 0. ,• 1 • 0 . \J 3 1
Total: . .;...;.. ...37. ~S ~9'~t 24 16 ~6
. ¦'¦ RUNS AND 'HITS , BY INNINGS. .
Fireman'* Fund........ .1 1 1:3 0 0 0'-0-'<K— <
.-¦: Be.ee hi tB - ..-.l-l-l 3 0 0 0 2 0—8
California .......;...;....0>0' 0 '0*0-3.0 10—3
Base hits ...*.. .2 0 -fd . 0-- -3 0 2 ' 0^-8
Totals ........ ...;33 6 ,11 4 27 15 3
CALIFORNIA. .
,;AB..B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Hnltren. c. f... 4; 1 1-. 0 3 0 0
W. : Hammond, c.V. . 4 ,"0 0 > 0 12 1
Krug.-aa 3 1 2-' 0 3 6' 1
Webber, 3b Z 0 2 0 110
Moskiman, p......... 4 1 0 0 3 4 0
Follansbee, lb....... 1 11 0 3 0 0
Uunleavy. 1 b.. ...... 4 0 2 0 7 11
Butler. .1. t .....* 0 2 3 3 0 0
Goldsworthy, • 2b...,. 3 1 11 2 2 1
J. Hammond, r. f... 31 00 10 0
The college men were : outplayed. Of
them Gardiner did the, best work. . He sent
Hamlin and McKeown'home on a'two
base hit and made two neat doubles with
Hunter. ¦ Smith would undoubtedly have
made a home run had he not been stopped
by McKeown at third. The latter miscal
culated Smith's speed and. thought he
would be unable to score. •• McKeown in a
measure retrieved his mistake by making
a neat steal to second and letting Ken
nedy score. Van- Hal tren and Krug- did
good work for the firemen.* . v
The game ended by a score of 6 to 3. giv
ing the Jlremon victory in all four of the
games played.
Following w-as the' official score:
FIREMAN'S FUND.
BERKELEY. March 23.— California was
again defeated at baseball this afternoon
by the Fireman's Fund nine. The game
was played on the college diamond before
the largest crowd that- has assembled
there for baseball this season.
CALIFORNIA'; LOSES
TO* FIREMAN'S FUND
College Men Again Defeated in Base
ball by a Score of
-•¦j.V'V-. 1 *..' ¦;.'/. e"to 3.-.' '
The escape was made through a grating,
one', man- climbing •:. upon- the .'.: other's
shoulders and \ then in turn pulling- his
companion ¦¦ up through - the opening-, c The
marine guard at the navy yard has .been
decreased on ' account of j the demand for
marines at Manila and on the Chinese sta
tion, and the special guard at the cell wa«
withdrawn. • Guard was changed thre?
times during the night, and all. three of
these guards will be. tried byacourt-mar
tial to ascertain ' if the prisoners : escaped
through their - negligence." .
. Burge while ' on ' duty > at . Manila ; refused
to obey the orders : of * his superiors and
was charged with mutiny. He was tried
by court-martial and found guilty. 5- His
sentence was fifteen : years' Imprisonment
and he: was sent back on the Solace ¦ to
serve time at Mare Island. This sentence
was reduced to ten years '• a short time
ago.: : ¦ ¦ •¦: ; ¦ '¦.¦'¦¦¦;¦- , ¦<•
' Kennedy, deserted from . the receiving
ship Independence, but was captured and
had served a year of his sentence.
VALLEJO. March 23.-^Two prisoners,
Burge,' a mutineer, and Seaman Kennedy,'
a deserter, escaped ,from the .military
prison at Mare Island last night, "and the
naval authorities have been searching for
them to-day without success. .
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Ignis' won,
Phidias second. Vie Lamont third. Time, 1:48.
ESCAPE FBOM A' MASE
ISLAND PRISON CELL
Mutineer Burge and Deserter Ken
nedy Get Out of the Law's
Clutches. ; . : ;
Sixth race, one mil«, selling— The Jefferson
won, The Burlington Route second, King Ber
muda third. Time. 1:50.
Fourth rnce. Turf Congress handicap, one
mile and a sixteenth— Ben. Chance won. Linden
Ella second, Strantsst third. Time, 1:53.
Fifth race, two .miles, handicap— Frang-ible
won. Silver Coin second. Grey ¦ Kor»e third
Time. »:«. .
NEW ORLEANS, March 23.— The local
racing,^ season closed to-day. Weather
cloudy. Track Blow. Results:
First race, alx. furlongs, eellingr— Miss Go
llghtly won, Courtsey second. Dr. Garrlck third
Time, l:m4. '
N Second race, one mile, Belllnc— Hardly "won
Eltholin second, Weldemann third. Time, 1:47.
Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course— Seldenbaeh won. The Planet second
Terry Ranger third. Time, 3:28H. ,-.'-'
Races at New Orleans.
R. Murphy, who rode Formero. broke
one of his stirrups, which did not help the
horse's chances.
Galen Brown may race a stable of
horses over the Montana circuit the com
ing season, where name great sport Is In
prospect. He may sign "Longshot" Con
ley to do his riding:... •
The respective owners of Tellowtall and
Kenilworth came together again yester
day and the two crack sprinters will mee't
on Friday next at Tanforan for a wager
of $1000 a side. The distance will be six
furlongs, each to carry. 112 pounds, and
the association' will add $500.
Fred Cook, the bookmaker, a heaw
loser on the season, leaves for Memphis
to-day. As Domlnick rides for the Cook
stable the popular little rider will be
greatly missed.
Track Notes.
COUNCIL'S CUP CONTEST
ON PRESIDIO OOLP LTNK3
Three Hatches Played In First Bound,
and Fourth Will B« Decided
To-Day.
_Tj»©T»arh a notice Is posted on th • bulle
tin board of the San ri nuua-i-o Golf Cluh
that the matches In the opening round
of fourth contest for tho Council's cup
for men should b© played not later than
yesterday, one of the four matches is still
undecided. Owing to the absence of Hugh
Tevis and Charles Page, -who were drawn
together, neither can claim a default from
the ether and the match will probably b«
played to-day. The- other three matches
in the first round resulted as follows:
H. C. Golcber beat TV. H. La Boyteaux I up
3 to play; H. C. Breeden won. 4 up 3 to play,
from Captain D. J. Rumbaush. and J. W.
Byrne earlier t:i the week defeated S. L. Ab
bot Jr., 1 up.
The second or semi-final round must ba
completed on or before next Saturday.
J. "W. Byrne -will play against H. C.
Breeden and H, C. Golcher will play tho
winner of the Tevis-Pagre matca. Tho
final round will m all probability b« be
tween J. W. Byrne and H. C- Golcher.
There la talk of having at an early data
a match -over thirty-six boles between
Warren Gregory, H. C. Breeden, Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh and one or two other
players of about equal caliber.
Among the golfers who played practica
matches on the Presidio course yesterday
were W. J. Dutton. Worthington Ames,
B. D..Adamson. Leonard Chenery, C.' H.
Noble. R. V. Watt. H. I>. PlHsbury. J.
W. Byrne. S. I* Abbot Jr., Rev. H. W.
L. O'Rourke and "Warren Gregory.
Berkeley Wins Prom TJkialt.
* URIAH, March B.— In th© field day eon
tests here to-day th» Berkeley HlrU
School athletes won from "Uklab. by a
score of 72 to 36. : : . .-.
of The Call team— the nasty third— when
Costello's coils were % unraveled and one
infielder of 'The Call nine .committed a
baseball crime which merited capital pun
ishment. That was the time when four
Examiner men dallied with the rubber
plate going and coming.
Then The Call staff steadied down and
the Examiner could do nothing with Cos
tello or those high class in and out field
ers.
The captains *of both teams admit that
th«y foiieht the battle. *>t their lives, that
the condition vor^thelr men was pert*»c*'
and that not a cloud of discontent or dis
satisfaction ruffled the sere atmosphere
of this encounter of scribes and artists.
The score in full:
EXAMINER.
. A*^ R. BH. PO. A. E.
Nahl. cf .2 0 0 0.0 0
Matthlen. p ..X 110 0 2 1
Ecbert. c : 1 0 3 4 1
John Boyle, lb 3 118 0 0
Johnson, «s ..2 1 1 1 1 1
Healy. 3b 2 1 1 0 0-1
Coblentz, 2b & rf "... 2 1 1 2 0 1
G. Whitney, 2b 0 0 0 10 2
Leffingwell. If 10 0 0 0 0
Lenhart. rf 0 0.0 0.1 0
O. M. Boyle, rf 2 0 0 0 0.0
Totals 17 « 4 13 8 7
CALL.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Mulholland. cf 2 0 0 0 0 0
Dunand. ss 3 2 10 0 0
Honlg. rf 2 0 10 0.. 1
Whelan. c 2 0 1 « 0 0
McOettlgan. 3b 2 110 0 0
Warren, If 10 0 0 0 0
Harwood, lb 3 0 0 6 ©• '0
Costello. p 3 0 0 0 5 0
Levy. 2b » 2 2 J 1 }¦
Callahan. 3b 1.0 00 0 »
Totals *... 21 5 6 »14 C 1
•Egbert out for Interference. *
'RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. ; |
Examiner •• 114 0 0—4
Base hits ;.* 0 13 0 0-4
Call 0 1.2 2 ft^S
Base hits ..: ~ 0 12 3 0— «.
SUMMARY. ; ;
Two-base hits— Johnson. Healy, Coblentt.
Hit by pitched ball— Whelan. Nahl. Matthies.
Warren. Stolen basest- Boyle. Healy. Honlg.
Warren, Harwood, Levy (4>. Bases on balls —
For the first time in their careers Eg
bert and Matthies. the heavy heavyweight
battery of the Examiner team.- found
what It was to face hitters of the hercu
lean stripe and men who could throw a
ball in from the field without' working In
relays. , One . inning proved the undoing
One feature of the game was L. Honlg's
sprinting. He ran. so slowly to first that
the> '^spectators thought he was coming
back; - - ' ' .
None other than Jake Holtman. the
starter at Oakland, and Dan Mills, sport
ing editor of the Philadelphia Times, um
pired this marvelous match game. Both
are agreed- that it was more of baseball
than they expected.
j All this, and other thinga, happened at
the 'Recreation Grounds yesterday morn-
Ing, when the Examiner and Call repprto
rlal and art staff nines played for the
baseball championship of local newspa
perdom. The Call came upon the field
with.no record of defeat, but with no vic
tories uppn its baseball banner. The Ex
aminer had In a former engagement
trailed the Chronicle in Recreation Park
dust. This game was for blood, some thir
ty-two-year-old whisky donated ' by
Charles Newman, a keg of beer from Tom
Walsh, a demijohn of whisky from the
Davy Crockett. and a dinner, the ". bill for
which The Call Btaff will take particular
pleasure In paying. *
TWO men had come and gone their
graveyard ways-, Harwood of The
Call team was decorating the third
sack.' it was the last part of the
last inning of a most feverishly
exciting game; the score read. Examiner
6, Call 5, and Costello, The Call's twirler
and recent "also ran" ball player, was at
the bat. When Pitcher Matthies faced
Costello he was all a-trernble. A hit
meant a tie— possible victory for The Call
nine,- • probable • defeat 'for-. t,he -.i^wuninpr.
baseball forces. "Costello was the real
Casey, at the bat. He struck out and the
game was over. '
Off Matthles 2. oft Costell© i. Struck oat— By
Matthies 8. by Costello C Umpires— Jak» Holt
man and Dan Mills.
SCENES OF THE BASEBALL GAME BETWEEN THE EXAMINER AND THE CAXJ, TEAMS AT RECREATION
GROUNDS. SOME OF IT WAS BASEBALL, MUCH OF IT WAS ROT, BUT ALL, ARE AGREED THAT THERE
WAS PLENTY OF EXCITEMENT.
By TP. E3. MUXiHOLLiAND.
EFORE an exceedingly fashion
able gathering of turfgoers, that
iilled the grand stand, trampled
__„_ the grass on the paddock lawns
and I'umped and jostled each
other in the betting ring, DAndy Jim.
a plebeian graduate from the selling
plater class, snatched the rich Pacific
Union handicap from Telamon and Can
more, the more aristocratically bred ones
.''nd greatly more favored in the speculat
ing realm, yesterday at Tanforan Park.
For all that, Handicapper Brooks of the
California Jackey Clpb. it being one. of
that organization's stakes, made no mis
take with Jim. asking him to carry 115
pounds to 120 on Telamon and Canmore's
127. It seems the booking fraternity and
public In general were more fooled than
Mr. Brooks, for as good as 20 to 1 was laid
about the winner. It appeared to be in
the air that neither Telamon nor Canmore
could win. for Pat Dunne's light-weighted
Benson Caldwcll, with Winnie O'Connor
and 103 pounds up, closed favorite at odds
of 5 to i The distance was one' mile and
a furlong, and as the field swung into the
stretch It seemed as if Caldwell had a
chance, but the stiff breeze blowing
proved too much of a facer for him. Can
more had all the time been cutting out
the play with ]J)om?nick on his back, and
as St. Rica, a possibility at fair odds, re
tired the Jennings colt was conceded more
than a "look-in." When Mounce asked
Dar.dy Jim the question. Canmore passed
up the lead as tjuietlv as a poker player
would the "bu<k," and while tardy Tela
mon was thn better horse Henry had ill
timed his move-, for the little plater won
by a neck in 1 :55. No bouquets were
handed over the footlights to Dandy Jim.
as Tuthill, winder of the race preceding,
covered the same route in 1:53%. To Can
more wenv the short end of tha *2000 prise.
It Was a slashing good betting affair, and
as. the winner received considerable sup
port the books were not benefited.
Only Two Favorites Score.
Only in two instances did favorites es
cape slaughter, the exceptions being Olin
thus, now a cross-country performer and
hurdler, and Billy Magrrane's Tuthill. Tho
books have experienced few busier days
since the opening of the season. Young
Dominick, the most consistent rider in
this, or, for that matter,^ possibly any
other country, carried off tne saddle hony
crs with three winning mounts.
Ridden according to the notion of Win
nie O'Connor, Articulate cut a curry
figure in the mile and a furlong handicap,
In his endeavor to concede a year ami
twelve pounds to Tuthill. When it be
came known that Articulate was to be
rated the wise ones got aboard Tuthill
at 6 to 5 and Domlnick won from start
to Jlnish with the Magrane entry. O'Con
nor moved up from the king row with
Articulate, downing The Fretter for
place honors. Formero was the only
other starter.
The educated coin in various denomi
nations cut the price' against Princess
Titania In the betting on the opening
scramble from 4 to 13 to 5. sending her
to the post equal -favorite with Moon
bright. Henry rode the latter and as the
odds, went up from 8 to 5 the mare was
dismissed from mind. She showed Inter
mittent bursts of speed, finishing among
the "also rans." Small Jack led to the
paddock, where J. Daly on the 30 to 1
cutsidey Sublhne passed him, and stalling
off th«r tardy rush of Mounce with Prin
cess Titania. won by a neck in 1:14V4-
Tola, with O'Connor up, ran an indiffer
ent race.
Phoenissa Huns p. Superb Race.
Commissioners were busy planting the
checks about the ring on- 'Tom Ryan's
Fhoenissa to take the seven-furlong sell
ing event, and she did it: It was a superb
race and views of it at different^tag-es
would find ready sale with any^klneto
scope company. Vohicer and Alas were
cut off at the start and High Hoe ran
like a 100 to 1 shot. Boundlee, a 30 to 1
chance, led out Maggie Davis, the favor
ite, for place honors. Henry piloted Tor
sina with rare Judgment, getting In all
the pockets possible. It was a magnifi
cent contest, and although no records
were broken the distance was covered in
1:27%.
Only five started in the steeplechase
over two and a half miles and the favor
ite Olinthus. scored a decisive win over
May Boy. the closest contender. Worth
ington handled the winner, carrying 164
pounds, with excellent judgment, and al
though the Red Iron horse nearly made
a mistake over the ridiculously low water
jump he outclassed the others. Lord Ches
terfield and Periwig both came -to grief,
allowing old Mestor to get the show.
Enough money was lost on Wyoming in
the last event to fill 4 cold storage ware
house. O'Connor, to be consistent; suc
ceeded in getting away the worst of a
ragged start, and if the Eastern rider
leave* here with his popularity it's not in
the cards. Haviland. the third choice,
was never headed, finishing at the wire a
length ahead of Sir Hampton, with Wy
oming a busy third. It was the talent's
saddest fall.
No Chance for "Skeets" Martin.
LONDON. March 23.— The friends of J.
H. (Skeets) Martin, the American jockey,
attribute the refusal to grant him a
license to ride during the coming season
to the fact that Martin offended a promi
nent member of the Jockey Club by his
method of riding at Cairo this winter.
The papers are inclined to treat him len
iently, but the inexorable rules of the
Jockey Club seem fatal to his chances.
2187. SIXTH KACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse. 1400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. . St. M. Str. Fin.
2126 Havlland. 4, 102..Domk I 1 J 1 V4 11
(2073)S. Hamptn. 4. lOS.Henry 3 2 5 2 4 2 4
<2161)Wyomlng. a, lll.O'Cftnr 6 3 2 8 6 3 8
2172 R. Shannon. 4, 103. Kr 11 y 5 6 4 5 4 8
1S93 Suncllo, 4, 10.">...Materno 4 4 n 5 3 5 12
2079 Lomond. 4, 10S...Howell 1 51 6 6
Time— U. :26«4: Vi. :60; %. 1:15>4; mile. 1:41H.
Good start except Wyoming. Won first three
driving. Winner. Fred Cook'* br. g. by Let
toon-Anvolee. Havlland bc«t handled. Henry
on Sir Hampton made little. . effort to over
haul leader. Wyoming away from post badly
and could not recover ground lost.
Betting— Haviland, 3; Sir Hampton. 8-5; Wy
oming, 11-10; Rio Shannon, S£; Sunello, 100;
Lomond. 60. ¦ •
2180. FIFTH RACE-One and an eighth
miles; Pacific Union handicap; three-year-olds'
value. J2000.'
Index, Horse. Wt, "Jockey. St. %i. 8tr. Fin.
(2129)Dandy Jim. H5..Mounc« 5 2 3 1 n 1 n
2137 Telamon. 120 Henry 2 5 2 3 2 2 2
2137 Canmore, 127 tk>mnk 4 1 1 ¦ 2 h 3 3
(2133)St. Rica. 103. Kelly 1 3 H 6 12 4 5
2132 Rollick, 100 6e«7 6 1 6 5 5 5;
12146) B. Caldwell, 10S...O'Con H!iin 6 4
210« Gold Badge. 86.. Murphy 3 7, 7 7. -
Time— H. :l»H : H. ' :25 ; %, :50U C %. UU% r to.
1:42; 1'im. 1:55. Good start.-. WOn flirt three
driving. Winner. J. McGovern'B ch. c. by
Rowland-FrancJn Nichols'. Winner was per
fectly ridden.- Henry en .Telamon arrived on
the late train. Latter should have .won.
Weight told on Canmoro. St. Rica quit early.
Benson Caldwell ran well to stretch {urn
Scratched— Cougar 102, Beau Ormonde 113. Roll
ing Boer 124.
Betting— Dandy Jim, 12; Telamon. 5; Can
more, 3; St. Rica, 6: Rollick, 12; Benson Cald
well. 5-2; Gold Badge, 60.
-185. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth
miles; handicap; three-year-olds ind up;
puree. $S35. »
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ' H- Str. Fin.
?2173)Tuthill, 4. 105..Domtnlck 113 11 13
(218?) Articulate. 3, 10i..O"Conr 3 3 1 3 3 2 2
2133 T. Fretter, 5, H3.Mounce 2 2 1 2 13 8
2151 Formero, 5, 103.. Murphy 4 4 4 4
Time— H. :13; U, :23!4; H. :4S*i; *». 1:14W;
m. 1:40%; lHm, 1:63?;. Good start. Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, John
McCaffery's br. h. by Fordham-Old Miss Tut
hlll allowed to trake his own pace. O'Connor
made a bad Job of rating Articulate. The
h rctter did his best. Formero not up to much.
Betting— Tuthlll. 6-5; Articulate, 3-2; The
Fretter, 5; Formero, 15.
21S4. THIRD RACE— About two and a half
miles; steeplechase handicap; four-year-olds
and Up; purse, $500.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. WJ. LJ. Fin
<21C0)Ulirithus. 5, M.WorthRn 2 1 10 1 5 1 12
21G0 May Hoy. 6. 14D..Suthld 1 2 30 2 30 2 25
2100 Mestor. .a. 12S I-loyd 4 3 3 3
2136 Pfrlwijp, a, 145..Hue3ton 3 • '
2160 Chcsterfl'd, a, 128.Brodie 5 • ... ...'
Time— 4:46. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond easily. "Winner. Moormeafl Farm's ch." g.
by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Olinthus outclass
ed his field. May Boy ran a nice race. 'Fell.
Bettinfc-OHnthuB, 3-2; May Boy, 7; Mestor.
12; Periwig. 3; Lord Chesterfield, 7-2.
2182. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
2170 Sublime. 103 ..Daly 4 3 h 2 1 In
2145 Pr. Tltanla, lOS.Mounce 6 6 2 3 1 2 fc
2164 Small Jack, 10J..Domnk 31111 3 1
2164 Tola. 107 O'Connor 2 4 h 4 hi 4 n
1551 David S, 107....\Veur»td a 2 2 6^. 5 hi
2164 Moonbright. 105... Henry 1 5 1 6 5 6 2
2152 Homage. 10.i See 7 8 7 2 7 2
2097 Flatterer. 110 Hoar 8 7 5 8 8.
Time— H. :24; 'i. AS; *i, 1:14V4. Good start.
\\ on first three driving. Winner, J. F. Stew
art's ch. f. by imp. Lord Esterllng-Banemone.
Sublime Dest ridden. Princess Titania would
have won In another jump or two. Too far for
Jack. Tola fell short this trip. Moonbright.
not in best shape. Homage away poorly.
Scratched— Roundhead 105. IUllouon 102, Maroy
Wl. Birdie Stone 10-J. < i ¦•
Btetting— Sublime. 30: Princess Titania, 13-5:
Small Jack. 4; Tola, 9-2; David S, 15; Moon
bright. 13-5; Homage. 30; Flatterer, 100.
21S3. SECOND RACE-Seven furlongs; sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1*150 Phoenissa, 4,103..Domnk 5 3 1 14 12.
2108 Boundlee, 4, lOJ.Mounce 2 7 h 4 n 2 2
2148 M. Davis, 5, 109,.0'Con 4 4 h 2 1 3 h
2076 High Hoe. 6. 186.\Vedrsd 6 1 n 3 % 4 n
2133 Tonslna, a, 106 Henry 3 5 1 6 2 5 H
2174 Vohicer, 4. 108.. . Murphy 1 6 2 5 1 6 3
213: Prejudice, 4, 105.. ..Daly 7 2h 7 5 7 10
2167 Alas. 4. 95 Butler & 8 8 8.
Time— U, .-23U; %, :49; «4. l:01H: T4. 1:27%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
dilvlng. Winner, T. H. Hyan'x ch. m. by Imp.
Brutus-Dido II. Phocnissa was bet on and
von. Buuudlr-e showed Improvement. Mag
gie Davis was expected to do bettrr. » Toralna
wrotcbtdly riUdcn. .Vohicer cut off at start.
I'rojudire no chance. Alas cut off at start.
Scratched— Flamero 1CS, Vain 101, Merops 104.
Goldone 104. .
Be»ting-»Phoenis«a, 4: Boundlee. 30; Maggie
Davis. 9-5: High Hoe. Jo: Torsina. 6; Vohicer.
6; Prejudice, 12; Alas, 30.
TAKrrOH^.N PAEK-Saturday. March
23, 1901.— Weather tine. Track fast. • '
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
DANDY JIM EARNS
RENOWN IN A DAY
Quits the Selling Plater Division to De
¦ feat Telamon and ' Canmore for the
Pacific Union Handicap at Tanforah
— ,.>..%, • -• ¦ — - ¦"-" — ¦ ' ' " • ¦ -* ;•
GKampionship Game Between Examiner and Call Repor-
Sf torial knd Art Staffs Ends in a Hard-Won and Close
Victory for f the: Former Aggregation of Diamond Experts
Open stake, (lrst round— Yosemite Kennels'
Mose beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 3-1-
George Sharman's Black Fluph beat Pasha Ken
rels' Random Aim. 6-1; S. Handy' s Twin City
Girl beat Curtis & Sons' Candelaria. 3-1; George
bharman s St.- Ives beat F. A. McComb's Craw-
i Or 1 £"L S "'.. 7 ; 4: H - A - Deckelman's Snapshot
beat Schendcler & Kerrigan's Wlnslow, B-2; J
J. Kenny's Hot Haste teat T. Leudwig's Lady
Garnet. 7-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Jewess beat
J. I. O Brien s Wandering Tom, 6-0: Curtis &
Sons Flying Fox beat H. H. Gray's Rona. 6-4;
Pacha Kennels'. Fiery. Face beat J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman, 6-1;. F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
Rupsell & Allen's Castaway, .3-0: H. Lynch's
Game Cock beat Yoeemlte Kennels' Beauty
Spot, 7-4;. Curtis, & Sons' Narcissus beat Gold
I>UBt Kennels' Brutus* 4-0; Pasna Kennels May
Hempstead b«at I^arkey & Rock's Ladies'
(hole* ¦»-,<):.•*•• V»nd.f jrtlte'8 -no™. MoDon.ld
beat- Sterl & Knowles' Olita, 4-1; Aeneid Ken
nels Aeneas a bye; Erskln« & Jones', Lavender
beat Georr« Watson's Kl Fi. 5-0; M, Dunlea's
Krin beat Chartex McDermltfii Noe Maid. 6-2-
Gold i>ust Kennels' SCMlctiaci-beat A. R. Har
rison s Briar Root, 4-3; P. J. Reilly's Warship
beat Gold Dust Kennels' Forget, 5-2- E Mc-
A i nd r W xfi f^\ beat Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist. 4-3; Yosemlte. Kennels' Freedom's
Banner beat Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad, 12-6;
J. femlth 8 Master Workman beat D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl. 3-2; Curtis & Sons' Vulcan beat
F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion. 7-3; J. E Hos
kins KlnR Cashier beat P. Reilly'a Cascade 6-3-
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat Pasha Kennels' Round'
About, 4-0: Ster! & Knowles' For Glory beat
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush. 6-0: Chiarlnl
Brcs. Santonin beat J.. J. Keenan'B Lundln
Links, 4-0; \V. C. Glasson's Dewdrou beat
Clark & GrowtaKe's Ideala. 7-3; Curtis & Sons'
Shadow boat H. Lynch's Lilac. B-4; D J.
Healey's I^dy Clare beat Star Kennels' Game
Boy, 4-0; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple beat Star
KennelF' Blackhead. 8-0; J. ¦ Dowllne's Sir
Lawrence beat H. A. Deck«lman's Ben Kirby,
5-4; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat J. Kennedy's
Ever Sure, 5-3: I). J. Healey's Tlburon beat
F. A. McComb's Bona Fide. 6-3: F. Jones'
Wedpcewood beat Charles Growtage's Lady
Flavia, 5-0; Curtis & Sons' War Kagle beat
J. Smith's Boney Boy. 6-0; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist beat F. Jones' Lovlna. 6-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Aethra beat Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara. .3-2; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat
Gold Dust Kennels' MagormlEsablbv 13-6; Rus
sell &. Allen's Strayaway beat P. Doyle's Thel
ma,. 12-8; George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat
W. Delaney's Oriole. 10-2; Curt In A Sons' Mc-
Klnley beat Paiha Kennels* Roman Athlete,
5-3; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking: Airs, 5-3; Rursjll ft Allen's Spite
ful beat R. E. de B. Lopez's The Levitc, 14-S;
J. F. McCarthy's John Doe b«at J. P.' Thrift's
Tyrone Prince. 6-2: F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha
beat Russell & -Allen's First Foot, 6-0; P.
Jackson's Golden Russet beat J. J. Keenan's
Dreadnaught, fi-0: J. Cane's Master Davenport
beat J. Kennedy's Wine West, 8-3: Star Ken
nels" Master Lawrence a bye: Curtis & Bona'
Luxor beat F. A: McComb's Frosty Morn, 6-0;
H. Lynch's Lottie M beat H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence. 3-2; D. J.» Healey's Tapioca beat A.
Vandenburs'B Naughty Girl, 6-0; G*or*je Shar
man's Bowery Boy beat D. Toland's Twilight
Jr.. 7-0: F. A. McComb'B Mottff beat P. Btein
hoff's Veto, 6-3. *•
Game Cock led Beauty Spot: Narcissus led
Brutus; Freedom's Banner led Faithful Lad;
Miss VvllHon led Round About; For Glory led
Uoyal. Flush at 2 to 1; Flora McDonald beat
Olita; ' Aethra beat O'Hara: Strayaway out
worked Thelma; John Doe beat Tyrone Prince;
Lottie M bent Lawrence at 6 to 3.
Mose. Twin City Girl. Hot Haste, Fly-
Ing box, Harlean Gladys, Narcissus, Flora
McDonald, Aeneas, Erin, Warship, Master
\v orkman, Vulcan. For Glory, Dewdrop,
Lady Clare, Sir Laurence, Sisquoc, War
Kagle, Rural Artist, Achilles. McKinley.
bpiteful. Sir Pasha. Golden Russet. Luxor,
rnpioca and Motto look to be the winners
in the second round, Hot Haste and Nar
cissus battling for supremacy for the top
and Luxor an easy holder of the bottom
of the card.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace s official scores follow:
'.'A fair . sprinkling of short' ends, added
spice to the rundown of the 108-dog open
stake at jUnion Park yesterday. The best
decision, from the standpoint of the piker,
was in the course between • Sterl &
Knowles" imported Sleety .Mist and E.
McAndrews' Gov.' Mac. Prices went beg
ging and It was hard work to get the bet
tors to plunge even at .10 to 1. The few
chance players who had the nerve were
surprised to see Gov. Mac take the lead
and outpoint Its opponent at the kill. Mc-
Kinley, too, was great joy to the small
fry, having' his colors raised with- the odds
e to 1 against him.
Luxor, ana biaquoc opened up even fav
orites lor linai hoiiora at li to 1, but JLuxor
on account oi- tno strong play wad bacKed
aown to a xo, i; , l<*iery x-ac«i , snowed up
well, but win have a naru time trying to
Qifpose of nanean -Gi^ays. Marcissus is
not to be overlooKed. . lirin is in goou po
bition. . lie ran. a. fast course, but against
the top-notchers l he will nnd it exceea
ingly last company.
1>. J. lleaiy is in possession of one of the
seuson's best youngsters in Tlburon, who
will do his share In Keeping the Hour bar
rel well nlled. Bona Klde, last weeK's re
serve stake winner, was put out of com
petition by the sapling when they" met
yesterday. Pour to one was . the price
quoted, and quite a play was had. - The
manner in which Tiburon has disposed or
Mac's Melody and other seasoned cam
paigners has brought him to the fore as
a dangerous opponent to the dogs of class.
He is but tiftten months old and is strong
and game.
Hai lean Gladys showed improvement
and will lead Fiery Face when they meei
to-day. After the turn, though, the hon
ors belong to the other dog. Game Boy
in his nrst appearance In some time gave
Lady Clare a close race to the hare.
Wedgewood j ran a short course and
showed his usual dash and speed. He has
a fair chance aa an outsider. Other short
ends were: ¦ • ¦ . "
M ' — -": \ .
Hot Haste and Narcissus Are Also
Among the Good Performers
in the Running at Union
: • : Park.
Talent Favors Curtis' Fast
Courser, to Win the
( Open Event. H
LUXOR A STRONG
STAKE FAVORITE
NEW YOPjK, March 23.— W. C. Whit
ney, who is in Alken. S. C, telegraphed
here to-<lay confirming the cabled story
that he has leaded Volodyovski, the Eng
lish Derby favorite. The terms of the
lease were not made public, Petronius
war also leased at the same time. Judge
Hurgins will continue to train Volodyov
ekl.
Whitney Confirms the Story.
King claimed a foul and quit. The ref
eree would not allow the foul, but gave
the firht to Green.
MARVSVILLE. March 23.— "Soldier"
Phil Green of Oakland was Riven the de
deion over Tom King of San Francisco
In the ninth round of what was to have
been a twenty-round go before the
Phoenix Athletic Club to-nigrht.
"Soldier" Green Ctets Decision.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY March 23.—
The alumni team went down to defeat thl3
afternoon befor*» the Stasiford ball-tossera
for the second time this reason. t>y a score
of 6 to 2. The playlnp of both teams was
ragged and the cardinal won chiefly be
cause of the steadiness of Pitcher Bennett,
¦who allowed but six bit*, struck out six
m«>n and walked but one.
The alumni outfieldinjt was errorless,
but the infield made u-> for it by three
costly errors on third base and one on
pecond. Kaarsberg's work in the box for
the alumni •was steadv. but he was hit
frequently. The score:
Stanford 0 3 10 10 10 •-*
Baee hits 0 2 2 0 10 0 0 •— 5
Alumni 0 0 0 1 « 0 0 1 «— 2
Ease hit* 1 1110 0 0 2 0— «
sity Tsam.
Beaten at Baseball by Stanford Var-
ALU1INT TEAM DEFEATED.
C2CXVEBSITT.
Haine* 4 44444544 4—41
Bradley 4 #4445444 4—41
H8rdin 4 34535454 4 — 4."
I>:--k5..<n 4 344445S4 5 — (2
Evans 4 3244444a 4— ES
Vanderbilt 3 44444445 4— 4i
Rhodes 5 4 4 4 4 5 55 5 5— 4»
Baker (Captain) 4 44454443 4— 40
FVickrtad S £444445 4 5 — 44
Gorrill 4 45443444 4— 4»
Total 417
Company I — Captain Warner 40. Ser
crant Schoenfeld 37. Private Jaceard 42,
K-Jvate Beck 37. Private Wilmot 28, Pri
vate. Connell 45. Private Crane 43. Private
Henry 29. Private Youngr S3, Private Ayl
ward 40; total 400.
OAKLAND. March 3.— The University
rf California cadets' rifle team, won by
teventecn point? to-day In a shoot with a
team of Company I, Fifth Infantry Regi
ment of Liverrnore. The third team in the
match. Company E of Santa Rosa, will
Fhcot to-morrow at its home range. Com
pany I shot at Livermore and the Uni
versity men shot at the Shell Mound
ran^re. their score belner 417 against 400 for
the Livermore men. The detailed scores
are as follows:
TJ23TVERSITY BIFLEMEN
DEFEAT MILITIA SHOTS
Cadets Win at the Bang* in a Match
With Company I of
Livermore.
Twelve-pound hammer— Nichols <3.) flrft,
Hyde (S. » second, Williams (O.) third. Dis
tance. 1H feet 3 inches.
4«0-yard dash— I^a Valliere (O.) first, Holman
<S.) eecond. Howard (O.) third. Time, :54 4-5.
Shotput— Hyde (S.) firrt, 46 feet 8 inchee:
Hin35 recond. C feet; Clark third. SS feet 11
inchee.
hurdle— Hunn <S.) first, Beebe (S.)
*e<-cnd. Whitman <O.) third. Time, :29.
Hieh Jump— Henley (S.)*and Preston (S.) tied,
t f*»*>t 2 mchee; Coopan <O.) third. 5 feet.
»>-yard run— Lamb (S.) first. Hamilton (S.)
•econd. Whitman <O.) third. Time, :3 4-i
K8t-yard run— WeMdafcl <O.) first, Nerdan (O.)
Bfcond. <'louyh «O.) third. Time. 2:10 4-5.
role vault— Henley <S.) first. Brubby (O.)
rpfond. Hcicht. S feet 9 Inches.
100-yard cash— Bubb (S.) first, Hamilton <S.)
second. La Valliere (O.) third. Time. :10 3-i.
Broad Jump— H*nlpy <S.) firbt. Preston <S.)
cecond. Thayer <O.) third. Distance TO feet
2 Inches.
Mile run— Wertrtahl <O.) Srst, Clough (O.)
teoond. Srrarue (S.) third. Time, 5fl5.
120-yard hurdle — Taylor <S.) first. Thayer
<O.) second. Worth <S.) third. Time. :17 4-5.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 23.—
The Stanford freshmen defeated the ath
letes from the Oakland High School on the
local oval this nornins by a score of fc'i
to 43. Captain Henley cf the Stanford?
\fc - as the star of the meet, takinc first in
his three events, the broad and high jump
*jid the pole vault. Lamb, for Stanford.
•was next with first place In the 50-yard
and 220-yard dashes. Westdahl and La
Valliere were the best x^rformors for the
vwttom.
The events n-ere run off In the face of
a strong, cold wind, witli the track only
In fair condition. Scrasue of Stanford
distinguished himself by winning: the two.
mile race in 11:05 and cen minutes later
taking a place in the mile run. Kollow'ng
is the summary:
FO-yard dash— Lamb <S.) firet. Bubb <S.) sec
ond. Whitman <O.) third. Time, ' :05 4-5.
Two-mlie run — KpragMe <S.) first. Lan.Iy <O.)
fecond. Thomas (S.) third. Time. 11:05.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three First to His
Credit.
Cf-ptfiin Henley of the Palo Alto Team
Carries Off Honors by Placing
Stanford Freshman Victo
rious in Contests on
the Track.
OAKLAND HIGH
SCHOOL LOSES
NEWSPAPER MEN PLAY BASEBALL
FOR GLORY AND ALSO A DINNER
THE SAN FKAKCISCO OALIii^SUNDAY, ; MARCH 24, 1901.
24
731 Market St., 8an Francisco; Cal.
TAKE || Hoars— 8 to 12 to 5 daily.
ELEVATORS. || Evenings 7 to 9. Sundays 9 to 11.
FREE CONSULTATION.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
If you have an embarrassing
weakness or a contracted ailment,
place yourself In the hands of DR.
MEYERS & CO. for speedy and
permanent relief.
PR IV A TE BOOK FOR MEN FREE,
All members of the. staff are grad-
uates from the best medical col-
leges in the world : and bad exten-
sive experience In hospitals before
taking up the important work of
the specialists. Their remedies and
methods are the -best; they cure
and restore when others fail.
MEN ONLY.
To men who have nervous debil-
ity and are weak, Incompetent,
puny and embarrassed on account
of partial or complete Iocs of vital
power. Dr. Meyers & Co. extend a
helping hand. These successful spe-
cialist* are noted (or making
strong.* robust and perfect men out
of physical wrecks, and for check-
Ing the early symptoms of Nervous
Debility.
DR. MBTERS & CO. have been
establiehed' 20 years. They treat
diseases and weaknesses of
THE TREATMENT
THAT CURES.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
S ' f {—*^>. \ •- 1' ¦ ;"¦'-¦;">¦¦ jT"^.C^^ a. *¦_'-*. »^> ¦ '^f-'* ¦¦ m* * - •
9 /"*¦ a To feel young again! To realize the' joyous sparic^ of nerve life as it infuses the body S
O' \, M _^. V with its Rlowins: vitality: to feel the magnetic ehthiVstasm of youthful energy; to be happy, O
2. ; IV^Vyf light-hearted and full of joyous impulses; s toibe^.free from- spells of despondency, from 9
0 - _y^^*\^ - : brain-wanderine. from the dull.- stupid feeling £ toVhave confidence, self-<steera and the 0
• ¦^ l " ' ' _— _. • \ admiration of men* and womefi! .- such 'is the wish of the broken-down •¦
£ [ ft^^^^ man, and it may be cratified. , ; " [¦'"': , ,_ _ •
! W—^llw ¦ DR. McliAUQH LIN'S | J
9 : \^^^ rk -- ¦ "";¦¦. - • J 1~^ \>. ¦ rl^j I he II j fir II O
Cb , . . \t\ ¦ ¦ a\V. • J. . ' m B^m "^^ ¦ . »^^ ¦ ¦ m 0 m -f M TJT
9 |\, 1 1 ~*1H^ I f J\i J jf^Mut^/^K^^'^^ I Makes men strong. It cuusf? the nerves to tlnjtle with the Joyful exhllar*- ' '
5 r~yl\r~!*7 \l1I/ '^^A&mM&^&^&LX I t!on of youth: u flll!< th * heart wlth a f *«' Iin K of gladness, m-ikei everythloj O
2 F^JrvA ?T^*/*fflm£jvr>^^\ I I look brisht.and makes the nerves like bars of ateel. It has special appll- O
5 I -n^P^f^Q— —^-uC- - ¦S^-^j^^m!Vjf£7//// f^^^3k I I ancfs for weak men. Worulerful cures are reported dally »n<1 grateful frteada #
O f^SJ — "^^otsV* K *e^ ? lSw7iW^7///S^^^S3 1 I nend the most lntercstlnK accounts of how. under this splendid system o' O
• / -VftV >^ill}&l(i!'\lffi&*=zk\\ s'lf-treatmrnt. their eyca besan to pparkle. their bloorf br^an to bound 1 )
• >— n. / } /($ml\ ©////''I^^^^I I ' throuRh 1 their veins, and thrlr muscular and nervou3 to reymin all 1 \
ft >w /. lytjtfli fijw/tf/qliPr^^l I the elasticity and nre of early youth. ¦ / (>
• V/ |i|ini|!^Sif " Read What the Cured Say. !|
2 NT /MI«W\l'!ii«dc55§S\ll I "About a month aro I besan to use one of r«ur Belts for th* curs 0/ ( '
2 ir^K " 1 1 TlU^il^jSv^CT&WI I Rheumatlfm. It has <fone Rrand work for me. t b'jfsn to Improve lmm-- ( ?
• " iffr /r^WSfl^l JS-if •¦S d ia2S5c£H cured 1!1 every r " rect - / M H - O>N " EIU 134T j "»": j ;
• I \ I I ill Tmjrfjrr~^ wM^l "Yonr Electric Belt has indeed relieved mr very much. It haa «.tren*tli t 1
m I \^*<iZ=E:li Aa^irttffgvRjfSI I ened my nervous system and *reatl\> benefits the action of my kidney, t ZL
]T .\ Jmk^z^S M rTtJjS^pRsfr^C^iJKa I stronsly recommend your Bolt for all nervous weakness anrl kidney trou'blo ' '
\ iM^*'Mw I f ° r U kaS d ° ne a " TOU cl f Jm '' d !t woulrI In-Tiy case. Tours truly. trou! "* > - q
2 I n/l/lTll^^^^^ Jp0n*^' I I CAUTION. Beware of old style, burn/* electrode belts, which tn u«ln« •
Z / C II IIS ii/A^SK f \ II an imitation of my cushion electrodes. /Iy office containii hundreds of thew •
2 1 i'lnMFnftlnA I , -II old belts, discarded as u?ele!>a and danR^ous by persons who.»e bodies h* T » ©
2 I fill 111 ll Will I "**" K*^*"*^ 1^ 11 b ' en s * ared an<1 80arr '" tl b >' tYi ? barejfeetal electrodes. I will maki» upecial O
1 I ill Ifalln f /////y f FT 1 1 terms to any one havlnsr one of these old back-burners. £
1 \\IWMl\U \V^>Jl Try It To-Day-Send for Book. !!
• A ////iIkMmIJI/IL VJ If vou are cl0! " enou5h ca:1 - rf0 so - Let. me show you th* differene* ! '
• W/mwawSS i////^ s »L 1— -^ -^^--* rfi T I between my up to dat/ aprJIan^-e and old-style burnlnif electric belts. L*t nw. '*
Z Wtt'l lt?«n] If /// Nx >^ ' J7TZ- \ \ prove to you why m/ Uelc cur»s when they fail. ' l atm •. .
5 rBWriftlir/K It U \ 1 " >' ou cantt cal1 ' * Frlt1 ' for my bcautlful descriptive book, shoivlnir how mi ••
S *\mMl\ \\ Belt !s US ' d * nd Sl J ln * huadred3 of letters tT °™ STateful people. Caij or #'t
[ ¦¦¦¦¦'wHQ I M, C. PAU6HLIN,^S5^^ g
...... . m - _..- ... »«•••!SUMMART.
Two-base hits — Krus.- Kennedy. ; Thres-baae
hits — Dunleavy, .Smith. Struck out — By Overall
«. r By; Mo«Kiinan h.~ Hit by < pltcher-^Butltr.
Double 4 - plays— Gardiner, to. King (2). * Passed
ball— 8mlth. Time - of ramr— 1 ¦•¦ hour I and -45
mlnuteu. Umpire — Waterbury. -Scorer—En
slfc-n. . ¦ - ¦ j
AB. R. BH. SB. PO.'A. E.
Hunter/ es..... ....... 5 ' 0 0 0 1 -\ 4 0
Smith, c...... ........ 4 ' Oil 5 2 J 2
Kin*. 2b.." 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Braley. 3b. ....•....:... 4. 0 2 0 2 4 2
Hamlin. c. t 4 .1 ,10 2 0-0
Kennedy, 1. t. ....... 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
McKeown, r. f...... 4 1 0 1 0 .0 0
Oardlner, lb ....4 0:30 9 3.1
Overall, p.. 4 .. 0. ,• 1 • 0 . \J 3 1
Total: . .;...;.. ...37. ~S ~9'~t 24 16 ~6
. ¦'¦ RUNS AND 'HITS , BY INNINGS. .
Fireman'* Fund........ .1 1 1:3 0 0 0'-0-'<K— <
.-¦: Be.ee hi tB - ..-.l-l-l 3 0 0 0 2 0—8
California .......;...;....0>0' 0 '0*0-3.0 10—3
Base hits ...*.. .2 0 -fd . 0-- -3 0 2 ' 0^-8
Totals ........ ...;33 6 ,11 4 27 15 3
CALIFORNIA. .
,;AB..B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Hnltren. c. f... 4; 1 1-. 0 3 0 0
W. : Hammond, c.V. . 4 ,"0 0 > 0 12 1
Krug.-aa 3 1 2-' 0 3 6' 1
Webber, 3b Z 0 2 0 110
Moskiman, p......... 4 1 0 0 3 4 0
Follansbee, lb....... 1 11 0 3 0 0
Uunleavy. 1 b.. ...... 4 0 2 0 7 11
Butler. .1. t .....* 0 2 3 3 0 0
Goldsworthy, • 2b...,. 3 1 11 2 2 1
J. Hammond, r. f... 31 00 10 0
The college men were : outplayed. Of
them Gardiner did the, best work. . He sent
Hamlin and McKeown'home on a'two
base hit and made two neat doubles with
Hunter. ¦ Smith would undoubtedly have
made a home run had he not been stopped
by McKeown at third. The latter miscal
culated Smith's speed and. thought he
would be unable to score. •• McKeown in a
measure retrieved his mistake by making
a neat steal to second and letting Ken
nedy score. Van- Hal tren and Krug- did
good work for the firemen.* . v
The game ended by a score of 6 to 3. giv
ing the Jlremon victory in all four of the
games played.
Following w-as the' official score:
FIREMAN'S FUND.
BERKELEY. March 23.— California was
again defeated at baseball this afternoon
by the Fireman's Fund nine. The game
was played on the college diamond before
the largest crowd that- has assembled
there for baseball this season.
CALIFORNIA'; LOSES
TO* FIREMAN'S FUND
College Men Again Defeated in Base
ball by a Score of
-•¦j.V'V-. 1 *..' ¦;.'/. e"to 3.-.' '
The escape was made through a grating,
one', man- climbing •:. upon- the .'.: other's
shoulders and \ then in turn pulling- his
companion ¦¦ up through - the opening-, c The
marine guard at the navy yard has .been
decreased on ' account of j the demand for
marines at Manila and on the Chinese sta
tion, and the special guard at the cell wa«
withdrawn. • Guard was changed thre?
times during the night, and all. three of
these guards will be. tried byacourt-mar
tial to ascertain ' if the prisoners : escaped
through their - negligence." .
. Burge while ' on ' duty > at . Manila ; refused
to obey the orders : of * his superiors and
was charged with mutiny. He was tried
by court-martial and found guilty. 5- His
sentence was fifteen : years' Imprisonment
and he: was sent back on the Solace ¦ to
serve time at Mare Island. This sentence
was reduced to ten years '• a short time
ago.: : ¦ ¦ •¦: ; ¦ '¦.¦'¦¦¦;¦- , ¦<•
' Kennedy, deserted from . the receiving
ship Independence, but was captured and
had served a year of his sentence.
VALLEJO. March 23.-^Two prisoners,
Burge,' a mutineer, and Seaman Kennedy,'
a deserter, escaped ,from the .military
prison at Mare Island last night, "and the
naval authorities have been searching for
them to-day without success. .
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Ignis' won,
Phidias second. Vie Lamont third. Time, 1:48.
ESCAPE FBOM A' MASE
ISLAND PRISON CELL
Mutineer Burge and Deserter Ken
nedy Get Out of the Law's
Clutches. ; . : ;
Sixth race, one mil«, selling— The Jefferson
won, The Burlington Route second, King Ber
muda third. Time. 1:50.
Fourth rnce. Turf Congress handicap, one
mile and a sixteenth— Ben. Chance won. Linden
Ella second, Strantsst third. Time, 1:53.
Fifth race, two .miles, handicap— Frang-ible
won. Silver Coin second. Grey ¦ Kor»e third
Time. »:«. .
NEW ORLEANS, March 23.— The local
racing,^ season closed to-day. Weather
cloudy. Track Blow. Results:
First race, alx. furlongs, eellingr— Miss Go
llghtly won, Courtsey second. Dr. Garrlck third
Time, l:m4. '
N Second race, one mile, Belllnc— Hardly "won
Eltholin second, Weldemann third. Time, 1:47.
Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course— Seldenbaeh won. The Planet second
Terry Ranger third. Time, 3:28H. ,-.'-'
Races at New Orleans.
R. Murphy, who rode Formero. broke
one of his stirrups, which did not help the
horse's chances.
Galen Brown may race a stable of
horses over the Montana circuit the com
ing season, where name great sport Is In
prospect. He may sign "Longshot" Con
ley to do his riding:... •
The respective owners of Tellowtall and
Kenilworth came together again yester
day and the two crack sprinters will mee't
on Friday next at Tanforan for a wager
of $1000 a side. The distance will be six
furlongs, each to carry. 112 pounds, and
the association' will add $500.
Fred Cook, the bookmaker, a heaw
loser on the season, leaves for Memphis
to-day. As Domlnick rides for the Cook
stable the popular little rider will be
greatly missed.
Track Notes.
COUNCIL'S CUP CONTEST
ON PRESIDIO OOLP LTNK3
Three Hatches Played In First Bound,
and Fourth Will B« Decided
To-Day.
_Tj»©T»arh a notice Is posted on th • bulle
tin board of the San ri nuua-i-o Golf Cluh
that the matches In the opening round
of fourth contest for tho Council's cup
for men should b© played not later than
yesterday, one of the four matches is still
undecided. Owing to the absence of Hugh
Tevis and Charles Page, -who were drawn
together, neither can claim a default from
the ether and the match will probably b«
played to-day. The- other three matches
in the first round resulted as follows:
H. C. Golcber beat TV. H. La Boyteaux I up
3 to play; H. C. Breeden won. 4 up 3 to play,
from Captain D. J. Rumbaush. and J. W.
Byrne earlier t:i the week defeated S. L. Ab
bot Jr., 1 up.
The second or semi-final round must ba
completed on or before next Saturday.
J. "W. Byrne -will play against H. C.
Breeden and H, C. Golcher will play tho
winner of the Tevis-Pagre matca. Tho
final round will m all probability b« be
tween J. W. Byrne and H. C- Golcher.
There la talk of having at an early data
a match -over thirty-six boles between
Warren Gregory, H. C. Breeden, Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh and one or two other
players of about equal caliber.
Among the golfers who played practica
matches on the Presidio course yesterday
were W. J. Dutton. Worthington Ames,
B. D..Adamson. Leonard Chenery, C.' H.
Noble. R. V. Watt. H. I>. PlHsbury. J.
W. Byrne. S. I* Abbot Jr., Rev. H. W.
L. O'Rourke and "Warren Gregory.
Berkeley Wins Prom TJkialt.
* URIAH, March B.— In th© field day eon
tests here to-day th» Berkeley HlrU
School athletes won from "Uklab. by a
score of 72 to 36. : : . .-.
of The Call team— the nasty third— when
Costello's coils were % unraveled and one
infielder of 'The Call nine .committed a
baseball crime which merited capital pun
ishment. That was the time when four
Examiner men dallied with the rubber
plate going and coming.
Then The Call staff steadied down and
the Examiner could do nothing with Cos
tello or those high class in and out field
ers.
The captains *of both teams admit that
th«y foiieht the battle. *>t their lives, that
the condition vor^thelr men was pert*»c*'
and that not a cloud of discontent or dis
satisfaction ruffled the sere atmosphere
of this encounter of scribes and artists.
The score in full:
EXAMINER.
. A*^ R. BH. PO. A. E.
Nahl. cf .2 0 0 0.0 0
Matthlen. p ..X 110 0 2 1
Ecbert. c : 1 0 3 4 1
John Boyle, lb 3 118 0 0
Johnson, «s ..2 1 1 1 1 1
Healy. 3b 2 1 1 0 0-1
Coblentz, 2b & rf "... 2 1 1 2 0 1
G. Whitney, 2b 0 0 0 10 2
Leffingwell. If 10 0 0 0 0
Lenhart. rf 0 0.0 0.1 0
O. M. Boyle, rf 2 0 0 0 0.0
Totals 17 « 4 13 8 7
CALL.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Mulholland. cf 2 0 0 0 0 0
Dunand. ss 3 2 10 0 0
Honlg. rf 2 0 10 0.. 1
Whelan. c 2 0 1 « 0 0
McOettlgan. 3b 2 110 0 0
Warren, If 10 0 0 0 0
Harwood, lb 3 0 0 6 ©• '0
Costello. p 3 0 0 0 5 0
Levy. 2b » 2 2 J 1 }¦
Callahan. 3b 1.0 00 0 »
Totals *... 21 5 6 »14 C 1
•Egbert out for Interference. *
'RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. ; |
Examiner •• 114 0 0—4
Base hits ;.* 0 13 0 0-4
Call 0 1.2 2 ft^S
Base hits ..: ~ 0 12 3 0— «.
SUMMARY. ; ;
Two-base hits— Johnson. Healy, Coblentt.
Hit by pitched ball— Whelan. Nahl. Matthies.
Warren. Stolen basest- Boyle. Healy. Honlg.
Warren, Harwood, Levy (4>. Bases on balls —
For the first time in their careers Eg
bert and Matthies. the heavy heavyweight
battery of the Examiner team.- found
what It was to face hitters of the hercu
lean stripe and men who could throw a
ball in from the field without' working In
relays. , One . inning proved the undoing
One feature of the game was L. Honlg's
sprinting. He ran. so slowly to first that
the> '^spectators thought he was coming
back; - - ' ' .
None other than Jake Holtman. the
starter at Oakland, and Dan Mills, sport
ing editor of the Philadelphia Times, um
pired this marvelous match game. Both
are agreed- that it was more of baseball
than they expected.
j All this, and other thinga, happened at
the 'Recreation Grounds yesterday morn-
Ing, when the Examiner and Call repprto
rlal and art staff nines played for the
baseball championship of local newspa
perdom. The Call came upon the field
with.no record of defeat, but with no vic
tories uppn its baseball banner. The Ex
aminer had In a former engagement
trailed the Chronicle in Recreation Park
dust. This game was for blood, some thir
ty-two-year-old whisky donated ' by
Charles Newman, a keg of beer from Tom
Walsh, a demijohn of whisky from the
Davy Crockett. and a dinner, the ". bill for
which The Call Btaff will take particular
pleasure In paying. *
TWO men had come and gone their
graveyard ways-, Harwood of The
Call team was decorating the third
sack.' it was the last part of the
last inning of a most feverishly
exciting game; the score read. Examiner
6, Call 5, and Costello, The Call's twirler
and recent "also ran" ball player, was at
the bat. When Pitcher Matthies faced
Costello he was all a-trernble. A hit
meant a tie— possible victory for The Call
nine,- • probable • defeat 'for-. t,he -.i^wuninpr.
baseball forces. "Costello was the real
Casey, at the bat. He struck out and the
game was over. '
Off Matthles 2. oft Costell© i. Struck oat— By
Matthies 8. by Costello C Umpires— Jak» Holt
man and Dan Mills.
SCENES OF THE BASEBALL GAME BETWEEN THE EXAMINER AND THE CAXJ, TEAMS AT RECREATION
GROUNDS. SOME OF IT WAS BASEBALL, MUCH OF IT WAS ROT, BUT ALL, ARE AGREED THAT THERE
WAS PLENTY OF EXCITEMENT.
By TP. E3. MUXiHOLLiAND.
EFORE an exceedingly fashion
able gathering of turfgoers, that
iilled the grand stand, trampled
__„_ the grass on the paddock lawns
and I'umped and jostled each
other in the betting ring, DAndy Jim.
a plebeian graduate from the selling
plater class, snatched the rich Pacific
Union handicap from Telamon and Can
more, the more aristocratically bred ones
.''nd greatly more favored in the speculat
ing realm, yesterday at Tanforan Park.
For all that, Handicapper Brooks of the
California Jackey Clpb. it being one. of
that organization's stakes, made no mis
take with Jim. asking him to carry 115
pounds to 120 on Telamon and Canmore's
127. It seems the booking fraternity and
public In general were more fooled than
Mr. Brooks, for as good as 20 to 1 was laid
about the winner. It appeared to be in
the air that neither Telamon nor Canmore
could win. for Pat Dunne's light-weighted
Benson Caldwcll, with Winnie O'Connor
and 103 pounds up, closed favorite at odds
of 5 to i The distance was one' mile and
a furlong, and as the field swung into the
stretch It seemed as if Caldwell had a
chance, but the stiff breeze blowing
proved too much of a facer for him. Can
more had all the time been cutting out
the play with ]J)om?nick on his back, and
as St. Rica, a possibility at fair odds, re
tired the Jennings colt was conceded more
than a "look-in." When Mounce asked
Dar.dy Jim the question. Canmore passed
up the lead as tjuietlv as a poker player
would the "bu<k," and while tardy Tela
mon was thn better horse Henry had ill
timed his move-, for the little plater won
by a neck in 1 :55. No bouquets were
handed over the footlights to Dandy Jim.
as Tuthill, winder of the race preceding,
covered the same route in 1:53%. To Can
more wenv the short end of tha *2000 prise.
It Was a slashing good betting affair, and
as. the winner received considerable sup
port the books were not benefited.
Only Two Favorites Score.
Only in two instances did favorites es
cape slaughter, the exceptions being Olin
thus, now a cross-country performer and
hurdler, and Billy Magrrane's Tuthill. Tho
books have experienced few busier days
since the opening of the season. Young
Dominick, the most consistent rider in
this, or, for that matter,^ possibly any
other country, carried off tne saddle hony
crs with three winning mounts.
Ridden according to the notion of Win
nie O'Connor, Articulate cut a curry
figure in the mile and a furlong handicap,
In his endeavor to concede a year ami
twelve pounds to Tuthill. When it be
came known that Articulate was to be
rated the wise ones got aboard Tuthill
at 6 to 5 and Domlnick won from start
to Jlnish with the Magrane entry. O'Con
nor moved up from the king row with
Articulate, downing The Fretter for
place honors. Formero was the only
other starter.
The educated coin in various denomi
nations cut the price' against Princess
Titania In the betting on the opening
scramble from 4 to 13 to 5. sending her
to the post equal -favorite with Moon
bright. Henry rode the latter and as the
odds, went up from 8 to 5 the mare was
dismissed from mind. She showed Inter
mittent bursts of speed, finishing among
the "also rans." Small Jack led to the
paddock, where J. Daly on the 30 to 1
cutsidey Sublhne passed him, and stalling
off th«r tardy rush of Mounce with Prin
cess Titania. won by a neck in 1:14V4-
Tola, with O'Connor up, ran an indiffer
ent race.
Phoenissa Huns p. Superb Race.
Commissioners were busy planting the
checks about the ring on- 'Tom Ryan's
Fhoenissa to take the seven-furlong sell
ing event, and she did it: It was a superb
race and views of it at different^tag-es
would find ready sale with any^klneto
scope company. Vohicer and Alas were
cut off at the start and High Hoe ran
like a 100 to 1 shot. Boundlee, a 30 to 1
chance, led out Maggie Davis, the favor
ite, for place honors. Henry piloted Tor
sina with rare Judgment, getting In all
the pockets possible. It was a magnifi
cent contest, and although no records
were broken the distance was covered in
1:27%.
Only five started in the steeplechase
over two and a half miles and the favor
ite Olinthus. scored a decisive win over
May Boy. the closest contender. Worth
ington handled the winner, carrying 164
pounds, with excellent judgment, and al
though the Red Iron horse nearly made
a mistake over the ridiculously low water
jump he outclassed the others. Lord Ches
terfield and Periwig both came -to grief,
allowing old Mestor to get the show.
Enough money was lost on Wyoming in
the last event to fill 4 cold storage ware
house. O'Connor, to be consistent; suc
ceeded in getting away the worst of a
ragged start, and if the Eastern rider
leave* here with his popularity it's not in
the cards. Haviland. the third choice,
was never headed, finishing at the wire a
length ahead of Sir Hampton, with Wy
oming a busy third. It was the talent's
saddest fall.
No Chance for "Skeets" Martin.
LONDON. March 23.— The friends of J.
H. (Skeets) Martin, the American jockey,
attribute the refusal to grant him a
license to ride during the coming season
to the fact that Martin offended a promi
nent member of the Jockey Club by his
method of riding at Cairo this winter.
The papers are inclined to treat him len
iently, but the inexorable rules of the
Jockey Club seem fatal to his chances.
2187. SIXTH KACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse. 1400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. . St. M. Str. Fin.
2126 Havlland. 4, 102..Domk I 1 J 1 V4 11
(2073)S. Hamptn. 4. lOS.Henry 3 2 5 2 4 2 4
<2161)Wyomlng. a, lll.O'Cftnr 6 3 2 8 6 3 8
2172 R. Shannon. 4, 103. Kr 11 y 5 6 4 5 4 8
1S93 Suncllo, 4, 10.">...Materno 4 4 n 5 3 5 12
2079 Lomond. 4, 10S...Howell 1 51 6 6
Time— U. :26«4: Vi. :60; %. 1:15>4; mile. 1:41H.
Good start except Wyoming. Won first three
driving. Winner. Fred Cook'* br. g. by Let
toon-Anvolee. Havlland bc«t handled. Henry
on Sir Hampton made little. . effort to over
haul leader. Wyoming away from post badly
and could not recover ground lost.
Betting— Haviland, 3; Sir Hampton. 8-5; Wy
oming, 11-10; Rio Shannon, S£; Sunello, 100;
Lomond. 60. ¦ •
2180. FIFTH RACE-One and an eighth
miles; Pacific Union handicap; three-year-olds'
value. J2000.'
Index, Horse. Wt, "Jockey. St. %i. 8tr. Fin.
(2129)Dandy Jim. H5..Mounc« 5 2 3 1 n 1 n
2137 Telamon. 120 Henry 2 5 2 3 2 2 2
2137 Canmore, 127 tk>mnk 4 1 1 ¦ 2 h 3 3
(2133)St. Rica. 103. Kelly 1 3 H 6 12 4 5
2132 Rollick, 100 6e«7 6 1 6 5 5 5;
12146) B. Caldwell, 10S...O'Con H!iin 6 4
210« Gold Badge. 86.. Murphy 3 7, 7 7. -
Time— H. :l»H : H. ' :25 ; %, :50U C %. UU% r to.
1:42; 1'im. 1:55. Good start.-. WOn flirt three
driving. Winner. J. McGovern'B ch. c. by
Rowland-FrancJn Nichols'. Winner was per
fectly ridden.- Henry en .Telamon arrived on
the late train. Latter should have .won.
Weight told on Canmoro. St. Rica quit early.
Benson Caldwell ran well to stretch {urn
Scratched— Cougar 102, Beau Ormonde 113. Roll
ing Boer 124.
Betting— Dandy Jim, 12; Telamon. 5; Can
more, 3; St. Rica, 6: Rollick, 12; Benson Cald
well. 5-2; Gold Badge, 60.
-185. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth
miles; handicap; three-year-olds ind up;
puree. $S35. »
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ' H- Str. Fin.
?2173)Tuthill, 4. 105..Domtnlck 113 11 13
(218?) Articulate. 3, 10i..O"Conr 3 3 1 3 3 2 2
2133 T. Fretter, 5, H3.Mounce 2 2 1 2 13 8
2151 Formero, 5, 103.. Murphy 4 4 4 4
Time— H. :13; U, :23!4; H. :4S*i; *». 1:14W;
m. 1:40%; lHm, 1:63?;. Good start. Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, John
McCaffery's br. h. by Fordham-Old Miss Tut
hlll allowed to trake his own pace. O'Connor
made a bad Job of rating Articulate. The
h rctter did his best. Formero not up to much.
Betting— Tuthlll. 6-5; Articulate, 3-2; The
Fretter, 5; Formero, 15.
21S4. THIRD RACE— About two and a half
miles; steeplechase handicap; four-year-olds
and Up; purse, $500.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. WJ. LJ. Fin
<21C0)Ulirithus. 5, M.WorthRn 2 1 10 1 5 1 12
21G0 May Hoy. 6. 14D..Suthld 1 2 30 2 30 2 25
2100 Mestor. .a. 12S I-loyd 4 3 3 3
2136 Pfrlwijp, a, 145..Hue3ton 3 • '
2160 Chcsterfl'd, a, 128.Brodie 5 • ... ...'
Time— 4:46. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond easily. "Winner. Moormeafl Farm's ch." g.
by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Olinthus outclass
ed his field. May Boy ran a nice race. 'Fell.
Bettinfc-OHnthuB, 3-2; May Boy, 7; Mestor.
12; Periwig. 3; Lord Chesterfield, 7-2.
2182. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
2170 Sublime. 103 ..Daly 4 3 h 2 1 In
2145 Pr. Tltanla, lOS.Mounce 6 6 2 3 1 2 fc
2164 Small Jack, 10J..Domnk 31111 3 1
2164 Tola. 107 O'Connor 2 4 h 4 hi 4 n
1551 David S, 107....\Veur»td a 2 2 6^. 5 hi
2164 Moonbright. 105... Henry 1 5 1 6 5 6 2
2152 Homage. 10.i See 7 8 7 2 7 2
2097 Flatterer. 110 Hoar 8 7 5 8 8.
Time— H. :24; 'i. AS; *i, 1:14V4. Good start.
\\ on first three driving. Winner, J. F. Stew
art's ch. f. by imp. Lord Esterllng-Banemone.
Sublime Dest ridden. Princess Titania would
have won In another jump or two. Too far for
Jack. Tola fell short this trip. Moonbright.
not in best shape. Homage away poorly.
Scratched— Roundhead 105. IUllouon 102, Maroy
Wl. Birdie Stone 10-J. < i ¦•
Btetting— Sublime. 30: Princess Titania, 13-5:
Small Jack. 4; Tola, 9-2; David S, 15; Moon
bright. 13-5; Homage. 30; Flatterer, 100.
21S3. SECOND RACE-Seven furlongs; sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1*150 Phoenissa, 4,103..Domnk 5 3 1 14 12.
2108 Boundlee, 4, lOJ.Mounce 2 7 h 4 n 2 2
2148 M. Davis, 5, 109,.0'Con 4 4 h 2 1 3 h
2076 High Hoe. 6. 186.\Vedrsd 6 1 n 3 % 4 n
2133 Tonslna, a, 106 Henry 3 5 1 6 2 5 H
2174 Vohicer, 4. 108.. . Murphy 1 6 2 5 1 6 3
213: Prejudice, 4, 105.. ..Daly 7 2h 7 5 7 10
2167 Alas. 4. 95 Butler & 8 8 8.
Time— U, .-23U; %, :49; «4. l:01H: T4. 1:27%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
dilvlng. Winner, T. H. Hyan'x ch. m. by Imp.
Brutus-Dido II. Phocnissa was bet on and
von. Buuudlr-e showed Improvement. Mag
gie Davis was expected to do bettrr. » Toralna
wrotcbtdly riUdcn. .Vohicer cut off at start.
I'rojudire no chance. Alas cut off at start.
Scratched— Flamero 1CS, Vain 101, Merops 104.
Goldone 104. .
Be»ting-»Phoenis«a, 4: Boundlee. 30; Maggie
Davis. 9-5: High Hoe. Jo: Torsina. 6; Vohicer.
6; Prejudice, 12; Alas, 30.
TAKrrOH^.N PAEK-Saturday. March
23, 1901.— Weather tine. Track fast. • '
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
DANDY JIM EARNS
RENOWN IN A DAY
Quits the Selling Plater Division to De
¦ feat Telamon and ' Canmore for the
Pacific Union Handicap at Tanforah
— ,.>..%, • -• ¦ — - ¦"-" — ¦ ' ' " • ¦ -* ;•
GKampionship Game Between Examiner and Call Repor-
Sf torial knd Art Staffs Ends in a Hard-Won and Close
Victory for f the: Former Aggregation of Diamond Experts
Open stake, (lrst round— Yosemite Kennels'
Mose beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 3-1-
George Sharman's Black Fluph beat Pasha Ken
rels' Random Aim. 6-1; S. Handy' s Twin City
Girl beat Curtis & Sons' Candelaria. 3-1; George
bharman s St.- Ives beat F. A. McComb's Craw-
i Or 1 £"L S "'.. 7 ; 4: H - A - Deckelman's Snapshot
beat Schendcler & Kerrigan's Wlnslow, B-2; J
J. Kenny's Hot Haste teat T. Leudwig's Lady
Garnet. 7-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Jewess beat
J. I. O Brien s Wandering Tom, 6-0: Curtis &
Sons Flying Fox beat H. H. Gray's Rona. 6-4;
Pacha Kennels'. Fiery. Face beat J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman, 6-1;. F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
Rupsell & Allen's Castaway, .3-0: H. Lynch's
Game Cock beat Yoeemlte Kennels' Beauty
Spot, 7-4;. Curtis, & Sons' Narcissus beat Gold
I>UBt Kennels' Brutus* 4-0; Pasna Kennels May
Hempstead b«at I^arkey & Rock's Ladies'
(hole* ¦»-,<):.•*•• V»nd.f jrtlte'8 -no™. MoDon.ld
beat- Sterl & Knowles' Olita, 4-1; Aeneid Ken
nels Aeneas a bye; Erskln« & Jones', Lavender
beat Georr« Watson's Kl Fi. 5-0; M, Dunlea's
Krin beat Chartex McDermltfii Noe Maid. 6-2-
Gold i>ust Kennels' SCMlctiaci-beat A. R. Har
rison s Briar Root, 4-3; P. J. Reilly's Warship
beat Gold Dust Kennels' Forget, 5-2- E Mc-
A i nd r W xfi f^\ beat Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist. 4-3; Yosemlte. Kennels' Freedom's
Banner beat Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad, 12-6;
J. femlth 8 Master Workman beat D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl. 3-2; Curtis & Sons' Vulcan beat
F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion. 7-3; J. E Hos
kins KlnR Cashier beat P. Reilly'a Cascade 6-3-
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat Pasha Kennels' Round'
About, 4-0: Ster! & Knowles' For Glory beat
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush. 6-0: Chiarlnl
Brcs. Santonin beat J.. J. Keenan'B Lundln
Links, 4-0; \V. C. Glasson's Dewdrou beat
Clark & GrowtaKe's Ideala. 7-3; Curtis & Sons'
Shadow boat H. Lynch's Lilac. B-4; D J.
Healey's I^dy Clare beat Star Kennels' Game
Boy, 4-0; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple beat Star
KennelF' Blackhead. 8-0; J. ¦ Dowllne's Sir
Lawrence beat H. A. Deck«lman's Ben Kirby,
5-4; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat J. Kennedy's
Ever Sure, 5-3: I). J. Healey's Tlburon beat
F. A. McComb's Bona Fide. 6-3: F. Jones'
Wedpcewood beat Charles Growtage's Lady
Flavia, 5-0; Curtis & Sons' War Kagle beat
J. Smith's Boney Boy. 6-0; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist beat F. Jones' Lovlna. 6-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Aethra beat Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara. .3-2; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat
Gold Dust Kennels' MagormlEsablbv 13-6; Rus
sell &. Allen's Strayaway beat P. Doyle's Thel
ma,. 12-8; George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat
W. Delaney's Oriole. 10-2; Curt In A Sons' Mc-
Klnley beat Paiha Kennels* Roman Athlete,
5-3; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking: Airs, 5-3; Rursjll ft Allen's Spite
ful beat R. E. de B. Lopez's The Levitc, 14-S;
J. F. McCarthy's John Doe b«at J. P.' Thrift's
Tyrone Prince. 6-2: F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha
beat Russell & -Allen's First Foot, 6-0; P.
Jackson's Golden Russet beat J. J. Keenan's
Dreadnaught, fi-0: J. Cane's Master Davenport
beat J. Kennedy's Wine West, 8-3: Star Ken
nels" Master Lawrence a bye: Curtis & Bona'
Luxor beat F. A: McComb's Frosty Morn, 6-0;
H. Lynch's Lottie M beat H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence. 3-2; D. J.» Healey's Tapioca beat A.
Vandenburs'B Naughty Girl, 6-0; G*or*je Shar
man's Bowery Boy beat D. Toland's Twilight
Jr.. 7-0: F. A. McComb'B Mottff beat P. Btein
hoff's Veto, 6-3. *•
Game Cock led Beauty Spot: Narcissus led
Brutus; Freedom's Banner led Faithful Lad;
Miss VvllHon led Round About; For Glory led
Uoyal. Flush at 2 to 1; Flora McDonald beat
Olita; ' Aethra beat O'Hara: Strayaway out
worked Thelma; John Doe beat Tyrone Prince;
Lottie M bent Lawrence at 6 to 3.
Mose. Twin City Girl. Hot Haste, Fly-
Ing box, Harlean Gladys, Narcissus, Flora
McDonald, Aeneas, Erin, Warship, Master
\v orkman, Vulcan. For Glory, Dewdrop,
Lady Clare, Sir Laurence, Sisquoc, War
Kagle, Rural Artist, Achilles. McKinley.
bpiteful. Sir Pasha. Golden Russet. Luxor,
rnpioca and Motto look to be the winners
in the second round, Hot Haste and Nar
cissus battling for supremacy for the top
and Luxor an easy holder of the bottom
of the card.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace s official scores follow:
'.'A fair . sprinkling of short' ends, added
spice to the rundown of the 108-dog open
stake at jUnion Park yesterday. The best
decision, from the standpoint of the piker,
was in the course between • Sterl &
Knowles" imported Sleety .Mist and E.
McAndrews' Gov.' Mac. Prices went beg
ging and It was hard work to get the bet
tors to plunge even at .10 to 1. The few
chance players who had the nerve were
surprised to see Gov. Mac take the lead
and outpoint Its opponent at the kill. Mc-
Kinley, too, was great joy to the small
fry, having' his colors raised with- the odds
e to 1 against him.
Luxor, ana biaquoc opened up even fav
orites lor linai hoiiora at li to 1, but JLuxor
on account oi- tno strong play wad bacKed
aown to a xo, i; , l<*iery x-ac«i , snowed up
well, but win have a naru time trying to
Qifpose of nanean -Gi^ays. Marcissus is
not to be overlooKed. . lirin is in goou po
bition. . lie ran. a. fast course, but against
the top-notchers l he will nnd it exceea
ingly last company.
1>. J. lleaiy is in possession of one of the
seuson's best youngsters in Tlburon, who
will do his share In Keeping the Hour bar
rel well nlled. Bona Klde, last weeK's re
serve stake winner, was put out of com
petition by the sapling when they" met
yesterday. Pour to one was . the price
quoted, and quite a play was had. - The
manner in which Tiburon has disposed or
Mac's Melody and other seasoned cam
paigners has brought him to the fore as
a dangerous opponent to the dogs of class.
He is but tiftten months old and is strong
and game.
Hai lean Gladys showed improvement
and will lead Fiery Face when they meei
to-day. After the turn, though, the hon
ors belong to the other dog. Game Boy
in his nrst appearance In some time gave
Lady Clare a close race to the hare.
Wedgewood j ran a short course and
showed his usual dash and speed. He has
a fair chance aa an outsider. Other short
ends were: ¦ • ¦ . "
M ' — -": \ .
Hot Haste and Narcissus Are Also
Among the Good Performers
in the Running at Union
: • : Park.
Talent Favors Curtis' Fast
Courser, to Win the
( Open Event. H
LUXOR A STRONG
STAKE FAVORITE
NEW YOPjK, March 23.— W. C. Whit
ney, who is in Alken. S. C, telegraphed
here to-<lay confirming the cabled story
that he has leaded Volodyovski, the Eng
lish Derby favorite. The terms of the
lease were not made public, Petronius
war also leased at the same time. Judge
Hurgins will continue to train Volodyov
ekl.
Whitney Confirms the Story.
King claimed a foul and quit. The ref
eree would not allow the foul, but gave
the firht to Green.
MARVSVILLE. March 23.— "Soldier"
Phil Green of Oakland was Riven the de
deion over Tom King of San Francisco
In the ninth round of what was to have
been a twenty-round go before the
Phoenix Athletic Club to-nigrht.
"Soldier" Green Ctets Decision.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY March 23.—
The alumni team went down to defeat thl3
afternoon befor*» the Stasiford ball-tossera
for the second time this reason. t>y a score
of 6 to 2. The playlnp of both teams was
ragged and the cardinal won chiefly be
cause of the steadiness of Pitcher Bennett,
¦who allowed but six bit*, struck out six
m«>n and walked but one.
The alumni outfieldinjt was errorless,
but the infield made u-> for it by three
costly errors on third base and one on
pecond. Kaarsberg's work in the box for
the alumni •was steadv. but he was hit
frequently. The score:
Stanford 0 3 10 10 10 •-*
Baee hits 0 2 2 0 10 0 0 •— 5
Alumni 0 0 0 1 « 0 0 1 «— 2
Ease hit* 1 1110 0 0 2 0— «
sity Tsam.
Beaten at Baseball by Stanford Var-
ALU1INT TEAM DEFEATED.
C2CXVEBSITT.
Haine* 4 44444544 4—41
Bradley 4 #4445444 4—41
H8rdin 4 34535454 4 — 4."
I>:--k5..<n 4 344445S4 5 — (2
Evans 4 3244444a 4— ES
Vanderbilt 3 44444445 4— 4i
Rhodes 5 4 4 4 4 5 55 5 5— 4»
Baker (Captain) 4 44454443 4— 40
FVickrtad S £444445 4 5 — 44
Gorrill 4 45443444 4— 4»
Total 417
Company I — Captain Warner 40. Ser
crant Schoenfeld 37. Private Jaceard 42,
K-Jvate Beck 37. Private Wilmot 28, Pri
vate. Connell 45. Private Crane 43. Private
Henry 29. Private Youngr S3, Private Ayl
ward 40; total 400.
OAKLAND. March 3.— The University
rf California cadets' rifle team, won by
teventecn point? to-day In a shoot with a
team of Company I, Fifth Infantry Regi
ment of Liverrnore. The third team in the
match. Company E of Santa Rosa, will
Fhcot to-morrow at its home range. Com
pany I shot at Livermore and the Uni
versity men shot at the Shell Mound
ran^re. their score belner 417 against 400 for
the Livermore men. The detailed scores
are as follows:
TJ23TVERSITY BIFLEMEN
DEFEAT MILITIA SHOTS
Cadets Win at the Bang* in a Match
With Company I of
Livermore.
Twelve-pound hammer— Nichols <3.) flrft,
Hyde (S. » second, Williams (O.) third. Dis
tance. 1H feet 3 inches.
4«0-yard dash— I^a Valliere (O.) first, Holman
<S.) eecond. Howard (O.) third. Time, :54 4-5.
Shotput— Hyde (S.) firrt, 46 feet 8 inchee:
Hin35 recond. C feet; Clark third. SS feet 11
inchee.
hurdle— Hunn <S.) first, Beebe (S.)
*e<-cnd. Whitman <O.) third. Time, :29.
Hieh Jump— Henley (S.)*and Preston (S.) tied,
t f*»*>t 2 mchee; Coopan <O.) third. 5 feet.
»>-yard run— Lamb (S.) first. Hamilton (S.)
•econd. Whitman <O.) third. Time, :3 4-i
K8t-yard run— WeMdafcl <O.) first, Nerdan (O.)
Bfcond. <'louyh «O.) third. Time. 2:10 4-5.
role vault— Henley <S.) first. Brubby (O.)
rpfond. Hcicht. S feet 9 Inches.
100-yard cash— Bubb (S.) first, Hamilton <S.)
second. La Valliere (O.) third. Time. :10 3-i.
Broad Jump— H*nlpy <S.) firbt. Preston <S.)
cecond. Thayer <O.) third. Distance TO feet
2 Inches.
Mile run— Wertrtahl <O.) Srst, Clough (O.)
teoond. Srrarue (S.) third. Time, 5fl5.
120-yard hurdle — Taylor <S.) first. Thayer
<O.) second. Worth <S.) third. Time. :17 4-5.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 23.—
The Stanford freshmen defeated the ath
letes from the Oakland High School on the
local oval this nornins by a score of fc'i
to 43. Captain Henley cf the Stanford?
\fc - as the star of the meet, takinc first in
his three events, the broad and high jump
*jid the pole vault. Lamb, for Stanford.
•was next with first place In the 50-yard
and 220-yard dashes. Westdahl and La
Valliere were the best x^rformors for the
vwttom.
The events n-ere run off In the face of
a strong, cold wind, witli the track only
In fair condition. Scrasue of Stanford
distinguished himself by winning: the two.
mile race in 11:05 and cen minutes later
taking a place in the mile run. Kollow'ng
is the summary:
FO-yard dash— Lamb <S.) firet. Bubb <S.) sec
ond. Whitman <O.) third. Time, ' :05 4-5.
Two-mlie run — KpragMe <S.) first. Lan.Iy <O.)
fecond. Thomas (S.) third. Time. 11:05.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three First to His
Credit.
Cf-ptfiin Henley of the Palo Alto Team
Carries Off Honors by Placing
Stanford Freshman Victo
rious in Contests on
the Track.
OAKLAND HIGH
SCHOOL LOSES
NEWSPAPER MEN PLAY BASEBALL
FOR GLORY AND ALSO A DINNER
THE SAN FKAKCISCO OALIii^SUNDAY, ; MARCH 24, 1901.
24
731 Market St., 8an Francisco; Cal.
TAKE || Hoars— 8 to 12 to 5 daily.
ELEVATORS. || Evenings 7 to 9. Sundays 9 to 11.
FREE CONSULTATION.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
If you have an embarrassing
weakness or a contracted ailment,
place yourself In the hands of DR.
MEYERS & CO. for speedy and
permanent relief.
PR IV A TE BOOK FOR MEN FREE,
All members of the. staff are grad-
uates from the best medical col-
leges in the world : and bad exten-
sive experience In hospitals before
taking up the important work of
the specialists. Their remedies and
methods are the -best; they cure
and restore when others fail.
MEN ONLY.
To men who have nervous debil-
ity and are weak, Incompetent,
puny and embarrassed on account
of partial or complete Iocs of vital
power. Dr. Meyers & Co. extend a
helping hand. These successful spe-
cialist* are noted (or making
strong.* robust and perfect men out
of physical wrecks, and for check-
Ing the early symptoms of Nervous
Debility.
DR. MBTERS & CO. have been
establiehed' 20 years. They treat
diseases and weaknesses of
THE TREATMENT
THAT CURES.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
S ' f {—*^>. \ •- 1' ¦ ;"¦'-¦;">¦¦ jT"^.C^^ a. *¦_'-*. »^> ¦ '^f-'* ¦¦ m* * - •
9 /"*¦ a To feel young again! To realize the' joyous sparic^ of nerve life as it infuses the body S
O' \, M _^. V with its Rlowins: vitality: to feel the magnetic ehthiVstasm of youthful energy; to be happy, O
2. ; IV^Vyf light-hearted and full of joyous impulses; s toibe^.free from- spells of despondency, from 9
0 - _y^^*\^ - : brain-wanderine. from the dull.- stupid feeling £ toVhave confidence, self-<steera and the 0
• ¦^ l " ' ' _— _. • \ admiration of men* and womefi! .- such 'is the wish of the broken-down •¦
£ [ ft^^^^ man, and it may be cratified. , ; " [¦'"': , ,_ _ •
! W—^llw ¦ DR. McliAUQH LIN'S | J
9 : \^^^ rk -- ¦ "";¦¦. - • J 1~^ \>. ¦ rl^j I he II j fir II O
Cb , . . \t\ ¦ ¦ a\V. • J. . ' m B^m "^^ ¦ . »^^ ¦ ¦ m 0 m -f M TJT
9 |\, 1 1 ~*1H^ I f J\i J jf^Mut^/^K^^'^^ I Makes men strong. It cuusf? the nerves to tlnjtle with the Joyful exhllar*- ' '
5 r~yl\r~!*7 \l1I/ '^^A&mM&^&^&LX I t!on of youth: u flll!< th * heart wlth a f *«' Iin K of gladness, m-ikei everythloj O
2 F^JrvA ?T^*/*fflm£jvr>^^\ I I look brisht.and makes the nerves like bars of ateel. It has special appll- O
5 I -n^P^f^Q— —^-uC- - ¦S^-^j^^m!Vjf£7//// f^^^3k I I ancfs for weak men. Worulerful cures are reported dally »n<1 grateful frteada #
O f^SJ — "^^otsV* K *e^ ? lSw7iW^7///S^^^S3 1 I nend the most lntercstlnK accounts of how. under this splendid system o' O
• / -VftV >^ill}&l(i!'\lffi&*=zk\\ s'lf-treatmrnt. their eyca besan to pparkle. their bloorf br^an to bound 1 )
• >— n. / } /($ml\ ©////''I^^^^I I ' throuRh 1 their veins, and thrlr muscular and nervou3 to reymin all 1 \
ft >w /. lytjtfli fijw/tf/qliPr^^l I the elasticity and nre of early youth. ¦ / (>
• V/ |i|ini|!^Sif " Read What the Cured Say. !|
2 NT /MI«W\l'!ii«dc55§S\ll I "About a month aro I besan to use one of r«ur Belts for th* curs 0/ ( '
2 ir^K " 1 1 TlU^il^jSv^CT&WI I Rheumatlfm. It has <fone Rrand work for me. t b'jfsn to Improve lmm-- ( ?
• " iffr /r^WSfl^l JS-if •¦S d ia2S5c£H cured 1!1 every r " rect - / M H - O>N " EIU 134T j "»": j ;
• I \ I I ill Tmjrfjrr~^ wM^l "Yonr Electric Belt has indeed relieved mr very much. It haa «.tren*tli t 1
m I \^*<iZ=E:li Aa^irttffgvRjfSI I ened my nervous system and *reatl\> benefits the action of my kidney, t ZL
]T .\ Jmk^z^S M rTtJjS^pRsfr^C^iJKa I stronsly recommend your Bolt for all nervous weakness anrl kidney trou'blo ' '
\ iM^*'Mw I f ° r U kaS d ° ne a " TOU cl f Jm '' d !t woulrI In-Tiy case. Tours truly. trou! "* > - q
2 I n/l/lTll^^^^^ Jp0n*^' I I CAUTION. Beware of old style, burn/* electrode belts, which tn u«ln« •
Z / C II IIS ii/A^SK f \ II an imitation of my cushion electrodes. /Iy office containii hundreds of thew •
2 1 i'lnMFnftlnA I , -II old belts, discarded as u?ele!>a and danR^ous by persons who.»e bodies h* T » ©
2 I fill 111 ll Will I "**" K*^*"*^ 1^ 11 b ' en s * ared an<1 80arr '" tl b >' tYi ? barejfeetal electrodes. I will maki» upecial O
1 I ill Ifalln f /////y f FT 1 1 terms to any one havlnsr one of these old back-burners. £
1 \\IWMl\U \V^>Jl Try It To-Day-Send for Book. !!
• A ////iIkMmIJI/IL VJ If vou are cl0! " enou5h ca:1 - rf0 so - Let. me show you th* differene* ! '
• W/mwawSS i////^ s »L 1— -^ -^^--* rfi T I between my up to dat/ aprJIan^-e and old-style burnlnif electric belts. L*t nw. '*
Z Wtt'l lt?«n] If /// Nx >^ ' J7TZ- \ \ prove to you why m/ Uelc cur»s when they fail. ' l atm •. .
5 rBWriftlir/K It U \ 1 " >' ou cantt cal1 ' * Frlt1 ' for my bcautlful descriptive book, shoivlnir how mi ••
S *\mMl\ \\ Belt !s US ' d * nd Sl J ln * huadred3 of letters tT °™ STateful people. Caij or #'t
[ ¦¦¦¦¦'wHQ I M, C. PAU6HLIN,^S5^^ g
...... . m - _..- ... »«•••!OAKLAND. March 23.-One of the
pretty weddings of the week was
that of Miss Ethel Leontine Lang
and Karl Graves, which was cel
ebrated Thursday at Golden Gate
Methodist Church. A feature of the cere
mony was the part played by six young
ladles, members of the King's Daughters,
who acted as ushers. Their gowns were
of white chiffon and delicate trtaimlngs.
These ushers were Miss Nelson, Miss
Denite. Miss Ida Jullrodd. Mrs. Dr. Woods.
Miss Alice Proll and Miss May HowelL
The bride -was attended by Miss Minnie
Storm, and the bridesmaids, who also act
ed as flower girls, were Mies Alma Lang
ford and Miss Mildred Graves. Mr. Pat
ten of San Francisco was best man.
After the wedding a reception was held
were presen^^-X?ff<Jn¦g^he-num•e?§ftli rl « > #A5
ding gifts was a superb 6llver tea set from
the King's Da'.ighters. The honeymoon
-will be epent at ' Santa Crtlz. Mr. and
Mrs. Graves -will reside in San Francisco,
where the groom is in business.
The engagement of Miss Rozelle Nichol
son and Albert A. Long has been an
nounced. The bride prospective is the
daughter of Mrs. Mary B. Nicholson. .
A "rummage sale" for the benefit of
the Kind's Daughters* Home for Incura
bles will be held Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday at 951 Broadway.
Flans are under way for the annual fete
champetre. which will be given May 4 at
Arbor Villa, the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
F. M. Smith, for the benefit of the Old
Ladies' Home and the Central Free
Kindergarten.
The gentlemen members of Oakland
Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, gave
a party Thursday evening. John Laugrh
land was chairman of the entertainment,
which was a success.
Harrlman Coming in April.
SALT LAKE. March 23.— Edward H.
Earrlznan. known now as the railroad
magnate of the twentieth century, will
be In San Francisco April 3.
Thrown 2"rom Their Vehicle.
MILTOX, Marches.— George^W. Majgy
behind* a pplrlted horse. The animal be
. crtsiiten<s<3 and ran down Carmen
Hill, a steep and dangerous roadway.
Both Mathews and bis mother were
thrown out. Mathews was dragged for
Borne distance and probably fatally in
jured. His mother was badly bruised.
Fire at Santa Ana.
6ANTA ANA. March 23.-The residence
cf Henry Measor and Its contents were
totally destroyed to-day by a fire caused
by the explosion of a gasoline stove, on
•which tar was being boiled. Henry
Measor was seriously burned by the fly
ing tar and escaped with difficulty
throug-h a window.
GYPSY QUEEN IS ETTB.T
IN A STBEET COLLISION
Cart Upset ty Another Vehicle and
the Ag«d Nomad Is
Pitched Out.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Mrs. A. i3oswell.
queen of the gypsies, and her grand
daughter were thrown from a cart at
Fourteenth street and Broadway this aft
ernoon and badly Injured In a collision
with a buggy owned by Dr. A. S. Larkey
and which was occupied by a boy.
The aped mrpxy queen and her eompar
lon were driving out to the nomads' camp
at Thirty-ninth and Adeline streets in a
small cart with a Shetland pony. As they
crossed Fourteenth street the physician's
team turned the corner and ran into the
smaller vehicle, upsettinp It and pitching
the two women into the street. Mrs. Bos
well was picked up and after an examina
tion by physfieians was sent to the camp.
She suffered two broken ribs, internal in
juries ar.d Ehock, which It Is feared are
serious because of the queen's years. She
Is 76 ye^rs o'd and not in the best of
health. The young woman escaped wita
Eevere bruises and cuts.
WARNED OF HIS
COMING DEATH
Story of a Dr«am That Told
of Fatality to Rail
road Man. '
Parker.
Alfred Holland's Terrible Crushing
Poreseen in Vision That Came
to Bis Friend, David
Oakland Offlc# San Francisco Call,
1118 Bro«dway. March 23.
The horrible death of Alfred N. Holland.
the engine Inspector, who was fatally
crushed Wednesday at the West Oakland
yards by a locomotive, was revealed to
David Parker, a friend of Holland, in a
dream Tuesday night. Such Is the story
¦which Parker has told, and it is borne
out by the remarks of Holland as he was
on the operating table at the emergency
hospital In the yards.
"I -was xrarned that I would die to-day,"
said the patient. "I had a message that
this was my last day on earth."
Parker Is a workman in the track re
pair department. Wednesday morning he
met Holland, soon after the inspector's
arrival at the roundhouse to begin his
day*e duties. Parker called Holland aside
aad cald that during the night he had a
dream in which he saw bis friend Holland
c "J«hed under the wheels of a locomotive.
The dream had such an impression
upon Parker that he eousht out the in
spector as soon as he came to work and
urged him to be particularly careful as
he went about his duties during the day.
Both men declared that they were not be
lievers in the supernatural, but some way
or another the circumstance had more
than passing Interest In It to the two
friends.
The men separated after their conver
sation, each goinjr to his daily routine of
¦work. A few hours later Holland lay '
crushed and <lyirie: under the wheels of
locomotive 122L Th^re had been enacted
In reality the scene which was so vividly
presented to the mlna of the sleeping Par
ker the night before. Friends of the dead
Inspector. Parker included, do not pretend
to attempt explanations. They know the
Btory. which is the subject of much dis
cussion In the railroad i-ards.
Occidental Lodge, A. O. U. W., and
Court Athens of the Foresters will con
duct the funeral services, which will take ;
place to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
from Fraternal Hall. Seventh and Peralta
streets.
WISCONSIN JURIST
REJECTS A T.ABOB LAW
Act to Prohibit Discrimination
Against Members of Unions De
clared to Be Unconstitutional.
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. March 23.-Judffo
Ludwlg In the Superior Court to-day de
clared unconstitutional the act to prohibit
discrimination against members of labor
organizations passed by the Legislature In
1S39. Judge Ludwlg held that the law 13
in conflict with the constitutions ot ¦Wis
consin -and the United States, the princi
pal ground being that It Interfered with
freedom of contract and is therefore null
and void.
of Larkin street. 80 N of Turk. N 19:8. E 137:«.
S 19:6, W 87:6. S S inches. W 50; gift.
Julia D. and Edward D. Beglard to A.
Aronson. lot on SW line of Third street, 113
NW of Mission. NW 30 by SW 107; J23.000.
Peter A. Clifford to Bridget Clifford, lot oa
TV" line of First avenue. 350 S of Deeth (Cali
fornia street south). 8 25 by VT 120; gift.
Charles II. Ford to Solomon Getz. lot on N
line of L street. 82:8 E of Forty-seventh ave
nue. E 50 by N 100; |500.
Parker and Ford Land Company to same,
same; $300.
Elizabeth Cowie to Wallace M. Cowle, lot
on N line of O street, . 107:« W of Twenty
third avenue. W 25 by Jf 100: $100.
Mary A. Berkley to Italian-Swiss Mutual
Loan Association, lot 56. block C. Park Lan»
Tract; $1000.
Joseph F. Dolan to William F. and Lulu
E. Brown, lots 288 and 288 and S % lot 284.
Gift Map 2: $1500.
Sylvaln M. Provensal (by S. C. Blfelow and
A. A. Smith, trustees) to Joseph F. Dolan, lot
on E line of Nebraska avenue, 125 S of Pow
hattan street. S 50 by E 100. lot 23, block 3.
Barman Tract, trustees* deed; $315.
- Albion 8. Perley to Matilda H. Perley, lot
at Intersection ot NE line of Mission street
and N Una of Concord avenue. SE 42:4*4. Nil
33. NW «2. S 40; also lot on SW line of Som
erset street. 142 SE of Silver, avenue. SE SO
by SW 120; -also lot on SE corner of Twenty
sixth avenue and B street. S 150 by E SO; gift.
E3tate of Richard Monck (by S. B. Leavltt)
to Paul Desmond, lot on N line of Ripley
street. 106 E of Alabama. E 25 by N 100. lot
10. Harris map 2. subdivision Predt* Valley
lands; $100. •
Builders' Contracts.
L. Coutard and C. Mallhebuau (owners) with
C Schutt (contractor), architect Jalea Oodart—
All alterations and additions to i iree-story
brick buildinn on lot on S line of Pine itre«t.
183:4 W of Montgomery. W 22:11 by S 137:«:
$2160.
Frank Grabe (owner) with A. P. Monwn
(contractor) plans by owner — Carp«nter and
mill work, painting, plumbing, stairs, hard
ware, (class and plastering for a frame struc
ture with concrete foundations containing stora
and hall on lot on NW corner of San Bruno
road and I>wlght street: J1300l
Louise Neppert (widow) (owner) with M. V.
Brady (contractor), architect R. H. '.Gnlte—
Brick and atone work, chimney* and flue lin
ing and terra cotta archea for a three-story and
basement brick building on lot on SB line or
Mission street, SO SE of Second, NE 25:8 by
SE 80: $3840.
Same owner with William Horstmeyer & Co.
(contractors), architect same — Carpenter, iron.
giazlnK. stairs, eajvanlzed Iron, hardware,
painting, plumbing and whitewashing for Mint
on same: $2217.
Oscar Roemer (owner) with A. C Soul* (con
tractor), architects Mahoney & Ryland— All
work for a 3-story and basement frame batld
lnc (3 flats) on let on S line of Fulton atre«t,
82:5 E of Goufh. E 27:8 by S 131:3; $ .
Mission at All Hallows Church.
? A\ mission -to ; last '% one week : will : be
opened to-day at --the 10:30 ; o'clock t mass
in .; All Hallows i Church^ South San Fran
cisco." It will be conducted by the Domin
ican Fathers, i O'Neill-, and:-- Newell, -and
will close next Sunday evening. /
Palo ;Alto ,; Boy Wins.
The first of the i Academic Athletic
League baseball '¦] games was ; played yes
terday ; at ! the Eighth and Harrison street
grounds between the Lowell: and' the Palo
Alto High schools; the ! latter winning by
a score of. 8 to 6. • ; . ,-, ..¦¦ '.. ,
Rev. C. -AT;. Dickey- to Speak.
Rev. Charles A'. 1 Dickey, moderator of
the General Assembly of. the. Presbyterian
churchy will preach^ in the auditorium ' of
the 'Young. Men's '> Christian ...Association
this morning. \He will deliver an address
In Metropolitan Temple In -the evening on
"The Twentieth Century Movement."
TORNADO DAMAGES
BRITISH STEAMER BUNS
V A ASHORE NEAR CALCUTTA
Disaster Happens in a Dangerous
: Place L on 'Achipur Sands and '
Passengers Are Landed.
¦ r LONDON, March 24.— A special dispatch
from ' Calcutta' says ¦ the ¦ British j steamship
City i of Venice. ; . thence " for Liverpool, Is
a ground in a' dangerous position on Achi
pur sands,' seventeen mfles below Calcut
ta In the River iHoogll." The ¦ passengers
have -been; landed. . ¦,. .-. : - . ;.
Appeal to the Railroad.
.". SACRAMENTO." March 5 23.— A largely
attended meeting of the bop growers and
dealers ' of ' Sacramento and vicinity was
held i. here ;to-day for the purpose of me
morializing the railroad companies against
the proposed Increase of the rate on hops
. from ' this , coast ; to , the Atlantic seaboard.
,W. t E. i Lovedal - presided ; and F." B. ¦ Flint
acted as secretary. iThe memorial adopted
states that if the freight rate on hops be
Increased \ from • $1 ¦ to > 51 50 < per 1 100 ' pounds
Calif ornlans cannot raise hops In competi
tion with the East and foreign 'countries.
Aids Chinese : Lottery.
Lieutenant Price and posse last 'night
raided a saloon kept by John -Wilson at
1125 Dupont street and arrested' the pro
prietor and" 6even visitors for aiding and
abetting a Chinese lottery. It Is claimed
that Wilson is an agent for a lottery and
that he has been in the. habit of selling
tickets unkonwn to the
INCENDIABT BLAZE
DESTROYS A FACTOBY
Portion of the Capital Soap Com-
pany 's Works in Sacramento
• 'Burned. • v
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— A portion of
the Capital Soap , Company's works at
Front and I streets, was destroyed by fire
to-night, entailing an estimated loss of
between $10,000 and $12,000.
: The fire.was the work of an Incendiary.
Twice of late attempts had been made by
some person to burn the plant. To-night,
while - the ¦ watchman ..was ; away, a man
was seen "to enter the rear portion of the
worsts. A few .-minutes later the. watch
man returned and was informed that a
stranger « had entered. • He unlocked tha
gate and ¦ went In, and -as he did so the
Incendiary darted out and -escaped In the
darkness. Immediately the fire arose, fed
by coal; oil, which had been poured over
a heap of resin; boxes, and before it could
be checked- by the fire department the
factory portion of the building was de
stroyed. : ,'
Committee Meets.
The executive committee of the Young
Men's Central Republican Club held a
meeting last night at 329 Bush street for
the purpose of arranging to take part In
the parade on the occasion of the Presi
dents arrival and for considering a mo
tion* to enlarge the executive committee
from seventeen to thirty-four. The mo
tion , to Increase the committee was J car
ried, but nothing definite was done In
regard to the parade. A finance commit
tee consisting of Francis Reade. C. S.
Comstock and M.\ Poulter-was appointed
end the following names were added to
the executive committee: William B.
Whelan. A. Dorn, Robert Plasburg, C.
M. Runyon. Louis Behr. W. Y. Lee, M.
Poulter and H. |i. Hicks.
¦ : ' ' » ¦ -¦
Found Wandering in the Streets.
* A frail little woman:who srave hernama
as Margaret Hansen was locked up In the
detention ward « at the City Hall yester
day.. To Matron Mrs. Swift she said sho
had resided at 1117. Howard street before
tb« 'owner ¦ dispossessed her for a - fail
ure to pay her rent., She was unable to
secure food or shelter and was found wan
derlngr»about the Btrectq. She had, been
an inmate of the' Stockton 'Asylum 'some
vears ago. but was discharged as cured.
The unfortunate woman's .husband, who
Is a furrier, has deserted her. She Is tho
mother of one little Bin aged 2 years, wno
accompanied . her to the hospital. -She
will, be ; examined to-morrow by the - In.
sanity Commissioners
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
8MTTGGLED GOODS SEIZED.— Several doz
en silk, caps and scarfs were seized yesterday
In the forecastle of the City of Peking, to
gether with 3100 clears, all smuggle* goods.
They will be sold for the benefit of the Gov
e» nrcent.
SUES HIS ACCUSERS— R. J. Pavert flled
rait ypBterday against George F. Lyon and
E. I*. Hoag to recover $31,500 damages for ma
licious prosecution. Pavert alleges that the
defendants caused his arrest- at Del Norte
without cause and for the purpose of Injuring
his reputation and business. Hence the suit.
POLICEMAN'S LEG BROKEN.— Mounted
Officer Shore of the Seventeenth street station
went'lnto the stable to saddle his horse yes
terday afternoon when the i brute viciously
kicked hlm,~ breaking hi* if«». Shore was re
moved to his home at 1779 Folsom street and
the fracture reduced by his family physician.
EMBEZZLED A CHECK.— A. "W. Hltt. Pa
cific Coast atrent for some Eastern firms, swore
to a complaint In Judge Fritz's court yester
day for the arrest of Mm. Mary E. Webber.
936 Market street.' on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement for having, it is alleged, mis
appropriated $9 obtained upon a check given
her by Hltt. .
CVARGED. WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.-
Hen v H. Mac Vine, secretary of the Chicago
Clock Company, swore to a complaint in Judge
Mogan'b court yesterday for the arrest of H.
Kaplan. :vn agent, on the charge of felony
embezzlement for misappropriating six rugs,
eighteen pairs of lace curtains and other ar
ticles of the ; value of $fi4 25.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
"William Schombers to F. X. Mettman. lot on
S line of Point Lobos avenue, 57:6 W of Cook
street. W 25 by S 100; $10.
F. X. Mettman to Martha Markert. same;
Alicin M., Laura R. and Susan D. Morgan
to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on
N line of Clay street. 202:10 E of Webster,
E 37:10 by N 127:8'/i; «350O.
Ella F. Park to Anna U. Bauer, lot on N
line of Pacific street, 137:6 VV of Stelner. W 32:3
by N 127AU: J13.C0O.
Same to Slgrmund Strassburger. lot on N line
of Pacific street. 163:C W of Stelner. W SI:»
%Te»». V C. Herte, and
James S. and Helena E. Shearman to John B.
Cofcgrave. lot on N line of Geary street. Is7.6
E of Devisadero. E 27:6 by N 137:8; $3oOO.
Estate James G. Fair <by J. a Angua. T.
G Crothers and W..S. Goodfellow, executors)
to Abby M. Parrott (47-101). Fletcher F. Ryer
<25-lol Samuel B. McLenegan (17-101) and
lltnry jf Crocker (12-101) W A block 4S2 bound
ed N by Tonquln. E by Devlsadero, 8 by Jef
ferson and W by Broderick: JL
Abby M. Parrott, Fletcher F. and Blanche
Rver Samuel B. and Carrie C. McLenegan
Tnd Henry J. and Mary I. Crocker to Fulton
Engineering and Shipbuilding Works U cor
poration), same; *30.006. -
Robert -D. and Jennie Cranston to Annie
Knox lot on N line of HaiKht street. 60 W of
££&»d.rn: W 27:6 by N 87:6; *3000.
Gustav and Sallle Harshall to Moses Fisher,
lot ons line of Waller street, 35 E of Shrader,
E 25 by 8 100; S20C0.
John Selander (by A. E. Graupner. commis
sioner) to -Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and
Loan Association, lot on N line of Golden Gate
avenue. 128:11 E of First avenue, E 50 by N
137-6- 12534.
Rosa Vogelsdorff to Edgar R. Bryant. "Wil
liam Boerlcke. George H. Palmer. Florence N.
and James W. Ward, lot on ME corner of Cali
fornia and Maple streets, N 132:6 by E 110; J450O.
• Frederick or Fred C. Howard to Mary J.
Howard lot on NE line of Tenth street. 250 SE
of Harrison. SE 25 by NE 10O; gift.
Edward and Mlna E. Brown and Jesse S. and
Emma F. Andrews to J. H. Lenehan, lot on E
line of Noe street, 53 S of Ford. S 25 by E 110,'
S10C0.
American Surety Company of New TorK to
Annie E. Wlckersham. 1S41 D. 74. lot on E lino
of York street, 182 N of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by
E 100 reconveyance deed; $10.
Caroline W. and James C. Sellers to Henry
C George, lot on E line of Dolores street, 122
S*of Twenty-second, S 25 by E 117:6; $2000.
Fred C. Howard to Mary J. Howard, lot on
¦N line of Twenty-second street, 1C0 W of San
chez W 50 by N 114: also lot on SW line of
Juniper street. 150 SE of Harrison. SE 23 by
Glovan b", Clara, Luicrl. Luigia, Pletro and
• Barthalomeo Raffo to Stephen A. Born, lot on
E line of Castro street, 50 S of Twenty-fourth,
E 80. S S% Inches, W to Castro, N 7?4 Inches;
$500. -
Stephen A. and Mary 1«. Born to Frank F.
Vanzini, lot on E line of Castro street, 25 S of
Twenty-fourth, E 80, S 25:8H. W to Castro, N
25:7%: $40CO.
Henry E. and Jennie "W. Bothln to T. Z.
Blakeman, lot on SW corner of Sansome and
Jackson streets, S 67:6 by W 26:6, and walls on
S and W of above: {26.500.
Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Douglas S.
"Watson, lot on S line of Geary street. 137:6 W
of Powell. W 25 by S 137:6; *10.
| Frederick F. Coffin to Amelia W. Coffin, lot
on W line of Dale place, 117:6 S of Golden
Gate avenue. S-20 by W 60; also lot on W
line of Taylor street. 87:6 N of Eddy. N 25 by
W 80; also lot on S line of Golden Gate ave
nue. 177:6 W. of Leavenworth street, W 20 by
S 57:6: jrift. •
Ellen M. Norton to Jessie Calfllsch, Ida D.
Kleve and Walter W. Norton, lot on E line
Shortly after noon. yesterday 200 fltters
up employed' at the Union Iron "Works
struck for a nine-hour day for,' the pay
now given for ten hours of labor. .The
walkout has been expected for some time,
but came In the nature of a surprise, as
the Union Iron Works people thought that
when it occurred it would . be general in
stead of being confined to one branch of
mechanics.
The Utters-up struck at this time for the
reason that there is a rush of work on at
that plant. The men have been working
on the trading vessel Alaska/the battle
ship Ohio, a ferryboat and the steamship
Spokane. They expect to gain their point
much quicker on account of the presence
of these uncompleted vessels. Their labor
is needed ana it is thought the Union Iron
Works people will concede their demands
on account of the necessity for the early
completion of the vessels. \ -
The fltters-up expect to be supported by
the other mechanics employed at th<j
works and claim that unless the'r claims
are allowed a general strike will follov/.
This has been expected at the Potrero for
some time and it is almost certain that
the walkout of these mechanics has pre
cipitated the affair.
There Are More Than a thousand
BABBERS ARE PROSPEROUS.
Names on Union Bolls.
The Barbers* Union now has a member
ship of 1400 and is increasing at the rate of
100 a week. Since its organization in June
of the present year the union has grown
rapidly, and the members have succeed
ed in unionizing all but a few shops m
this city. They hive a so secir?d S f ate
recognition, and will ip^ue the c^rtU'cates
called for by the new law as -io<)n ;is the
Board of Examlnen are appointed. It i3
reasonably certain that the members of
the board from this city. will b-i J. R.
Blelly and J. J. Calish. The th'ul mem
ber will probably be appointed from Sac
ramento or Los Angeles.
The organization of the Barbers' Union
is due to the efforts of J. . R. Blelly, I.
Less, G. Barrett, J. B. Leonard, J. Schnei
der, M. A. Graham and V. ,A. Newcomb.
The names of these seven stanch unionists
will be placed in a conspicuous place in
the barbers" headquarters as a mark of
distinction.
At a meeting of the San Francisco La
bor Council held last night reports to the
effect that employers had generally
yielded to the demands of the council
were received. The report of the organiz
ing committee showed that several new
unions had been admitted and that their
delegates had been seated In the council.
The Shirtwaist and Laundry "Workers'
Union reported that the new schedule of
working hours had been accepted.; Tha
new hours are from .7 a. m. to 7 p. m.
The schedule also provides that the mem
bers of the union are to receive 25 cents
an hour for overtime. Three other union*
reported that their schedules for work
ing hours and scales of wages had been
adopted.
Blacksmiths' Helpers' Union No. 8922
and the Cracker Bakers' Union were or
ganized. An appeal to the various labor
councils throughout the United States and
Canada calling for positive action In event
that the schedule submitted by the In
ternational Association of Machinists was
not accepted was ordered sent out. ¦ >
mandrfriP^co^a^^bo^coU-^
lifted off- them.> -.
Circuit Court Clerk Hoffman and Dis
trict Court Clerk Morse have recorked
the quart bottles of ink that they had
opened In expectation of a grand opera
rush of Chinese and Japanese with $3 10
each to file their declarations of Intention
to become citizens of the United States.
Not a single applicant put In an appear
ance yesterday, and the overworked
clerks heaved a sigh of relief.
The Mongolian, as a rule, does not care
to dp a useless thing, especially' when, he
is required to pay a fee, and he is doubt
lessly aware of the decision rendered on
April 29. 1878. by United States Judge Saw
yer In the celebrated case of Ah Tup, who
attempted to become naturalized. In that
case Judge Sawyer said that the only
questions before the "court were:
"Is a person cf the Mongolian race 'a
white person'?" ; .,..-.
"Do the provisions of the statute ex
clude from naturalization all but white
persons and; persons of African nativity
or African. descent?" -. ¦ . ¦ ¦ -.
°T*jT ot T cfi ,'»f -the. Revised Statutes, was
quoted by Judge Sawyer as follows:
.•'Section 216&-The provisions of this title
shall apply to aliens i,oin K f ree white per
sons and to aliens of African nativity and
to persons of African descent."
Four years after Judge Sawyer rendered
his decision Congress passed -an act, ap
proved May 6, 1S82, in which the following
clause occurs:
Judge Sawyer in his decision mentions
the unsuccessful effort of Senator Sumner
in Congress 10 strike the word "white"
from the naturalization laws, and stated
that "the opposition to his efforts wai
based on the sole ground that the effect
of striking out the word "white" would
be to authorize the admission of Chinese
to citizenship. "It is clear," said Judge
Sawyer, "that Congress Intended to ex
clude Mongolians from the right of natur
alization." • • -¦
: "Hereafter no State court or court of
the United States shall admit Chinese to
citizenship."
Mongolians are defined to be the inhab
itants of Tartary, China and Japan, and
they are excluded by the word "white."
Notwithstanding the legal obstacle, Chi
nese and Japanese have taken out papers
of declaration for the purpose of evading
the rule of the military department ex
cluding from service In transports and In
the field all aliens except those who have
declared their 'ntentions'of becoming cit
izens. But this Is a mere subterfuge, as
the courts. will hold that only white per
sons and persons of African nativity or
descent may be naturalized, and that the
filing of. declarations of intention by per
sons of the excluded classes is an unnec
essary and useless proceeding and of no
legal effect. A Chinese or a -Japanese
who had filed such a declaration would
not be allowed to vote In any of the sev
enteen States in whicn "first intention
aliens" have the privilege of casting their
ballots for State officers, because the fil
ing of a declaration by such non-white
persons would not be bona fide or con
templated by the law. . ,
"Clerks are not judicial officers," said
Deputy Clerk Beaizeley of the United
States Circuit Court yesterday, "and they
are not called upon to decide whether-the
applicant is a Mongolian or a white man.
All that, the clerk can do Is to take the
declaration." ¦ .< >
Declarations of Intention by
Mongolians Are 'Null
and Void.
California Theater's Doors Are Also
Closed for Three Weeks and
Oppenheimer Goes East
To-Morrow.
The chief topic of conversation along
"the rlalto" yesterday was the action : of
the ..Theatrical Managers* Association In
closing up the Alhambra Theater. This
association, after several meetings, de
cided that If the Alhambra • was perma
nently closed It would boom business all
the more- for the other seven theaters
that now form the local theatrical syndi
cate. • , ¦*
Alf EJllnghouse, the lessee of the Al
hambra, still retained a six months' lease.
It was agreed to buy Ellinghouse's lease,
and $2000 cash was paid for It. The house
in the future will be permanently closed,
excepting for occasional benefits and at
times when the manager "of a theater
finds himself In the terrible predicament
of lending his house for charity. In the
future all these performances will be
"pulled off" nt the Alhambra. The rent
of the house, which up to Ellinghouse'a
regime was paid- by the Orpheum circuit,
will in the future be assessed pro rata to
all seven theaters.
Alf EllinghouEe was seen last night. "I
have sold my lease of the Alhnmbra
Theater ..to the Theatrical Managers' As
sociation," he said. "I had a six months' |
lease and they paid me cash to sell out.
I am . at » present only interested in the
California Theater. Oppenheimer is my
partner, and we will keep the house closed
for three weeks. .- Oppenheimer goes East
to-morrow for a short pleasure trip."
STATUTES BAR
THE JAPANESE
Alf Ellinghbuse Is Paid
$206Of6rHisL3aseof
thellhambra.
TRUST CLOSES
BIG PLAYHOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, 'MARCH;: 24, 1901.
Miss Ethel Leontine Lang and Karl
Graves United in Marriage at Gqlden
Gate Methodist Church in Oakland
KING'S DAUGHTERS ARE
USHERS AT A WEDDING
* - ¦ . . ¦ ¦ , .
Fitters-Tip., at Union Iron
Works Walk Out in .
Busy Season.
Present Trouble Is Expected to Pre
cipitate General Strike Among
- the Hands at Big Potrero
Plant.
MECHANICS WANT
NINE-HOUR DAY
MRS. KARL. GRAVES. FORMERLY MISS .ETHEL LANG, WHO "WAS
MARRIED AT THE GOLDEN GATE METHODIST CHURCH IN
OAKLAND LAST THURSDAY.
France makes nearly 26.000,000 pairs of
gloves yearly and of these 18.000,000 pairs
ere exported.
Acquires the Juilliard Winery.
SANTA ROSA, March 23.— The Italian-
Swiss Colony has obtained control of still
another Sonoma County winery. The lat
est addition to the list of plants it will
operate this year is the Juflllard winery
at Sebastopol, negotiations having been
completed last night.
NATIVE SONS EXPRESS
ESTEEM FOR REMILLARD
Resolutions of Respect Adopted and
'J. Sent to the Bereaved
Family. .
OAKLAND, March 23.— Oakland Parlor
No. 50, N. S. G. W.. met last night to take
action regarding: the untimely death of
their popular fellow member, the late
Philip H, Remillard. Speeches were made
eulogizing the deceased and the following
resolutions were adopted:
-— aiesoivea.. iiiat oy ,no aeatn-oi-trur^urotncr'
Oakland Parlor has list on« of her most loyai
and honored members; our State a devoted
and respected citizen whose ability. Integrity
sincerity and kindness ¦won for him a ho»t of
admiring friends who now deeply mourn his
loss. As Native Sons we esteemed him as a
brother, as friends we valued his compan
ionship. .-
Resolved. That we tender to his family In
thin their hour of Borrow our sincere and
heartfelt sympathy, and that a copy of these
resolutions be forwarded to them.
25
Why th? Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic. Sf. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to ihe Affected Parts.
—~ _.>^_ ". We answer . the
. £sc^^*fcL questions briefly. If
• lrv.'~? you cut an artery
/ ¦ 'XEiSL.t3»Sl 'n your arm you do
/ ' -V^?n!SM not take Internal
JTfcs **S^1 medicine to stop the
/ <* 'mvia flow " of blood - Y0U
C\ !•!» */]&$ USE LOCAL AP-
T^ ISJ^^W- PLICATIONS. Slm-
f^ , *1ir JT : Uarly when the ure-
Vft/' J( # / SA thral . ducts become
jgf icsjB*^^ weakened and re-
'axed it is ridicu-
•+2&L2LJ*3U&*r lous to take lnter-
. . nal treatment.
must pass through the stomach
and urine before it reaches the seat of
disease. The seminal ducts project into
the urethral canal through the Prostate
Gland, and are easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT.
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever
remove
Urethral Stricture
In IS days, without pain, injury or Incon-
venience.- The . bougies are Inserted at
nieht and . act while you sleep. "Gran-
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leaving the canal as healthy as when
nature formed It. No BRUTAL CUT-
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO
INTERNAL DRUGGING TORUINTHH
STOMACH. The St. James treatment ia
local, direct and positive.
The St. James treatment la prepared In
the form of Crayons, very • narrow
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
are Inserted Into the water passago at
night, where they dissolve and deposit tha
medication in its full strength upon tha
Prostate Gland, contracting and strength-
enlnK the ducts and FOREVER STOP-
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
curing whila the patient sleeps.
Varicocele.
Varlcocele Is an accumulation of ilur.
rlsh -blood in the veins of the scrotum,
due solely to imperfect circulation, and
has Its orlKln in a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations in this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
'chanlcal device yet discovered has cured
a slnele case. Gran-Solvent heals tha
Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
Varicocele disappears and the slu«rlsh
accumulation Is replaced by pure,
henlthy red blood."
Thousands of men strictured. w#ak.
wasting and despondent were cured and
restored by the St. James method last
year. A vast army of men In whom tha
ifKht of life has penetrated the fearful
nightmare of stricture and seminal d&-
cay. t&nfflHEMU .'"..'"
Space will not permit a complete description of the Incompar- p-g •-*. w*m mm
able St Jame3 Treatment In urethral diseases. Every sufferer M~ afl fi ML
from Stricture and Its offspring. Prostatitls and Seminal Weak- H S fj 51 ||
ness should write to the St. James Asaociatlon. 250 St. James Rj— Ktaff Km Ra
Bldg., Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated work show- |P H^ft B" B*
ing the parts of the human system Involved in urethral ail- ¦ Ii m U |3
roents. which they will send securely wrapped In plain package. H Ml flj
St. Jame6 Assn., 250 St. James Block/Cincinnati. O.
.. 1 .^. - ¦-..-. .--.-.-¦. ¦ ..
I Anutritious food I
I The most concentrated form of nourishment for I
I the strong, weak, healthy, siek, old and young |
y Discovered by the emi nent Chemist, DR. SIEBOLD [j
§ Endorsed by the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHOW, j|
Eg PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known B
H to medical science. ll
fj PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is ft
Hi albumen in its purest and most natural form. t|
'«¦ PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food, P
0 easily digested and immediately assimilated by the ||
¦B most delicate system. fj
U PLASMON in wasting diseases, chronic affections of the M
|l stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and ii
1 permanent recovery. [I
P PLASMON is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any fe
P other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every f|
|] dish palatable. ; fj
H PLASMON has a higher food value than any other food; r|
ra added to other foods it greatly enriches their nour- l|
ii ishment. , H
B PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and \l
I eggs^ It is the cheapest form of pure nourishment |I
I known. One teaspoonful contains all the nourishment [|
I of one-quarter pound of the best beef.
I PLASMON is recommended by the world's greatest physl-
I cians for invalids and convalescents.
I PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment.
faa For Sale at Leading 'Druggists and Grocers
I AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
M Information cheerfully given at officevof Syndicate.
H 204 Crocket* Building* San Francisco
*
W * ' y'^^V Are you one of those Kidney Cripples with
'"'" ($*&*£€$% a >veak back? Can't stand up erect with-
feP.^j out those sharp pains in small of the
back. Waken up in the night with dis-
>s»?' ?^^^^^ffV^ tress in the kidneys, which makes you
restIess and unable to sleep well. You
are in danger of Bright's Disease and
shouId correct the trouble at once with
(%((\& JE&T"? Trt© herbs of this wonderful
I // bSl V \ W fr remed y aot directly on the kid*
ll l/l/JawWW // neyS and correct any disorders of
II ' i|(lSxA\^\W II thQSQ vital organs quicker than any
§y) I/& e on *y Q****^ 11 9 1 ? 1 * 6 f? r Constipation,
nil IM \\\\\\W ** acts -without a. gripe, 'while you sleep.
III yH II \\\\u One dose does ttie work.
all ifll SI I HI B It acts promptly and effectually but gently,
wll 111 filiLLS^ •** -*"^- -*^ -¦*• * dPSk
1^5 p^*^^N A 100-Pag* Book of Storiet and Antedates ©f Abraham .' JflKaL
ADVEHTISEMENTS.Thomas W. Foster, past sachem of Mot
hawk Tribe of Redding, who has been in
this city for several days ; visiting tribes
will on his return homo take with him a
dispensation to organize a - council of the
Decree of Pocahontas there.
? B. A. Perrln of Montezuma Tribe has
be«i. appointed, instructor of the degree
work for Tippecanoe Tribe of Baden
Monadnock Tribe will give a ball in Mls
slon Opera Hall on the 27th of April. ' ,-¦
i A new tribe was organized in Richmond
on the. 12th -inst. . The' great- sachem de
llvcred-an address on Redma-nship and H
B. Jennings entertained with stereopticori
views. There were present about 150 per-
Bons. :• • - • ¦ ., .
The new tribe at Baden was Instituted
by . Great Sachem Brandon and other
great chiefs on "the 2nd. inst. The tribe
has a good v charter list, and having
elected young men -.to office will, It is
thought, soon become one of the very
active tribes of the reservation. .
Improved Orckr of Bed Men.
Union Pacific Railroad Company was held
in this city "to-day, those present being
President Horace G. Hurt, Secretary Al
exander Millar, General Solicitor W. R.
Kelly. Attorney Lawrence ' Greer of New
York and others.
Of a total of 1,954,294 shares of stock
1,425,296 were voted. An affirmative ac
tion was taken to amend the articles of
association increasing the common capi
tal stock by $100,000,000 and to authorize
the issue and use of such additional stock;
also approving the action of the board of
directors of the company in the premises
and with -reference to the proposed issue
of $100,000,000 of * per cent bonds and • a
mortgage upon certain railroads and
property , of the company to secure ' the
same. ..
'¦This action, which is one of the greatest
financial deals In the history of the
world's railroads, was taken in connection
with the recent purchases by Edward H.
Harriman and his associates of the Union
Pacific of Southern Pacific securities. The
new 4 per cent bonds are to be exchanged
during the . next five years for Southern
Pacific 'bonds and the additional stock is
also to be used. to cover the purchase
of the big system.
The filing fee was $25 025 95. This bring*
the total capitalization of the Union Pa -
cine to the enormous figures of $295,429,
400. The company owns all of the Oregon
Short Line and the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company and Mr. Harriman
Is the dominating spirit in many .other
systems. . • .
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 23.— A spe
cial meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Pacific Stockholders
Act on, the Harriman :
, Purchases.
0
MIGHTY CAPITAL
IN A RAILROAD
During- ,the session '¦. of California Lodge
on the night of the 11th inst/one stranger
was initiated , and there : were promises of
a number of additional candidates. ¦¦'¦- •
On. the night of .the 8th lnst. San' Fran
cisco Lodge had work In the initiatory de-'
gree and arrapgemeiits " were ' made ?* for
another of the entertaining socials that
The United Moderns.
this subordinate body gives to ita friends. 1
It will* be-, on the 29th'inst. In the eastern
hall of the Shiels building.
Tiie Home rFriends.
At the „¦ Institution of t Century, Council
of the Home Friends,' the successor of the
Chosen Friends,, last by M,
Boehm,'. the; organizer -for uhePacIOc
'Ti 1 rrnmriiinf E 'isiiTTi — unmhrrn* m vrrni ipitf tITtth-iti t<-i iinissi^Wi-isis ¦ i \
Coast, the following named were elected
as the officers for: the current term: Dr
J.Leffler. P. C; S. Caro, .C.; J.. a. Steel-
V. C: lira:' 3: Leffler.-.T.r Max Boehnii
secretary;- E., Stock. P.: J. Ridell, M.'
Dr. M. Schirman, .W;;'J. Lauer, G.-' Mrsl
M.'-KGarbaxlno,. O. The new officers were
obligated and installed by Mrs. A. Boehro
acting . supremo councilor. Thla order is
second tenor; H. G. Ball, first bass, H. J.
Crase. second bass. "When the Tide
Comes In" (Mlllard), Clara Sprauer; sex
tet and chorus, "Lucia" (Donizetti),
Ethel Carroll, W. G. Baudoin. G. ' P.
Lloyd. Jeanie . Paterson. A. L. Pf eiff er," H.
J. Crase and McKenzie Musical Society;
flower song, "Faust" (Gounod), Lily
Laws; Hawaiian song, "Aloha Oe" (Lll
iuokalani). McKenzie Musical Society;
! Zenda waltz (Witmark). arranged by Mc
i Kenzie. McKenzie Musical Society; Ty
rolean song, in German (Seldler), Paloma
quartet— Lily Laws, Ethel Carroll, Millie
Murray, Eugenia Breltengross; "La
Donna Ie Mobile." "Rigoletto" (Verdi).
Master George Kroger; "Louisiana Lou7
(Stuart) (by general request), McKenzie
Musical Society; Soldier's chorus, "Faust"
(Gounod). McKenzie Musical Society.
The first social event in church circles
after Lent will be the grand dramatic
entertainment and reception in aid of St.
Dominick's Church. The young ladles of
the Rosarian Society, well known as en
tertainers, will have full charge of the
Away.
The Eteamship Mariposa, which sailed
for Honolulu. on Saturday. March 16, car
ried the following passengers: M. T.
Adams, Mrs. 8. C. Ainsworth, A. S. Ar
rhuth. J. L. Barker and wife, Mies Bar
ker, J. T. Barraclough, B. F. Beard, Miss
B. Beard, L. G. Bees, Mrs. E. C. Brown,
8, Brown, wife and child; F. E. Cantner,
Mrs. J. W. Carnes, Miss A. Christal, R. J.
Cochran. Miss M.\ Cunningham. G. W.
Currier, Miss Currier, W. J. de Gear, Miss
LoulBe Eager. A. R, Fowler and wife;
R. H. Fowler, wife, child and maid; H.
J. Hart. G. F. Henshall. Mrs. B. <R. Her
bert and child. H. G. Howard. A. G. Hoyt.
Thomas Hughes and wife, Miss M. Hunt
ington. Miss Jessie Johnson. Miss E. Kil
lean, Miss M, I. Kimball, Mrs. E. Knowl-
! OI V, J - Lu cas, A. J. McCarty and wife;
i~ B. McClanaha.n. wife and child; George
S. McKenzie, E. F. Nichols, J. W. Parme
lee, William Peters. Mrs. O. F. Pfafflin,
S. S. Powers. Miss N. Raymond, W. H.
Rice. Miss F. Russell, Mrs. J. A. Saucedo.
TV . A. Schenk. G. Schneider, Mrs. F. M.
Simpson, M. A, Smith, A. H. Thompson
and wife G. Turner, J. A. Tuthlll and
wife, J. W. Wilson and wife, H. Wolff.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Marks will receive
to-day at their home. 3748 Army street.
Miss Anita Christal, daughter of Dr. J.
F. Chrtstal of Santa Cruz, left on the
Mariposa to visit the Misses Campbell of
Honolulu.
C. F. Wyman and wife of £an Jose ha\e
been paying a flying visit to the city. Mr.
Wyman had the" honor of being the first
secretary of the Board of Trade, and to
him is due the complete and systematic,
workings of the association. He was for
a number of years -head bookkeeper for
the firm of Neustadter Bros., but of late
years has been enjoying his well earned
rest at his home 'n the Garden City
where he is prominently identified "with
the Fruit Growers' Association. Durimr
his recent visit to his e»d home in thl3
city Mr. W yman expressed his astonish
ment at the growth and vast Improvement
made in. San Francisco during. the past
ten years.
The confirmation and reception of Mil
ton Haas has been postponed, owing to
sickness.
Mrs. Hermann W. Bauer, Mrs. Fernand
Canelo and Misses Joe and Clara de la
Roza of San Jose are the guests of their
godfather, Senor Marcus B. Granadeno,
and his daughter, at the Lick House.
Senor Marcus B. Granadeno and his
daughter have just returned from a
European trip. They will leave in a
few days to join Marcus H. Granadeno
Jr., in Durango, Mexico. They wilRthen
Journey on to South America.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Feigenbaum an i
Sanford Feigenbaum have moved from
Golden Gate avenue and are now occupy
ing their new residence at 2713 Clay street,
between Pierce and Scott.
Mrs. Lud Zobel .will be at home the
third Thursday of the month at 2418 Web
ster street. ,
Mrs. H. Lilienthal, 507 Connecticut
street, will discontinue her day at home
for two months. '
Mrs. Jacob S. Meyer Cnee Cook) will be
at home on the second Thursday of each
month, 445 Goueh etrc^t. ' - j- - — ;
Mrs. Louis Ettling (nee Morris) will be
at home thq flr*t- -Wednesday:,,, at 1SD5 i
£Xiay street. ¦ -
Mrs. J. Cohen of 1357 Webster street an
nounces the confirmation of her son
Julian at the Geary-street Temple.: Satui
day, March 23. She will receive this Sun
day. March 24, from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. Hartman (nee Solomon)
will be pleased to receive their friends
Sunday. March 24. from 2 to 5. at their
residence. 1109 McAllister street.
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Christian Standard High and Clear," and
in the evening on "How Much Must We
Believe About Heaven and Hell?"
"Solitude and Prayer", will be the sub
ject of a sermon to be delivered this morn
ing by Rev. J. N. Beard of the Grace M.
E Church- In the evening his topic will
be "Unto Him."
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. ZIon
Church will preach this morning on "Pre
pare to Meet Thy God."
Wlllard Hinckley of Boston will preach
this mornlne to the First Society of the
New Jerusalem Church on "I Go to Pre
pare a Place For You." .
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing, on ."A Burden of Responsibility." and
in the evening "The Difference Between
Knowing and Doing". will be his topic
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. B.
Church will preach this morning on "Fish
ers of Men." and in the evening on "Hear
ers and Doers."
Rev. S. D. HutsinpUIer of* the Central
How He Was Qualined."
on "Uiie Bread of Life." - ¦ >
Rev. \V. Wood^¥ard of the Epworth
M E. Church will preach tnis morning on
"The Magnanimity ot Forgivenness," and
in the evening on 'The Greatest Form of
the Gospel."
"Reality" will be- the subject of discus
sion at the meeting of the First Church
of Christ, Scientist, this morning.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson will preach this
morning' on "The Captain of Salvation and
of a sermon to be preached by Rev. P. E,
Mulligan at the Oalvarlan Society devo
tions, which will be held In St. Mary's
Cathedral this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "The
Compulsions of Life," and in ihe evening
"A Statement of Prayer" will be his topic
A meeting for men only will be held' this
afternoon at the Auditorium of the Y.M.
C. A. Rev. A. H. Briggs will preach on
•'Higher Values." • .'v.;^-~ •
Rev. William Rader will preach this
morning on "The Shadow of the Cross,"
and in the evening on "Going Forward."
Rev. Frederick W. Clajnpett. rector of
Trinity Church, will preach at the even
ing cervices. There will be special music.
Rev. Frank S. Ford of the First Chris
tian Church will preach this morning on
"The Christian Ordinances," and in the
evening on "How Did Paul Know That
lie Was Saved?"
ilrs. Caxlton Edholm, vice president ot
th© American Purity League and evange
list ol Wold's \V. C. T. U. Training
School, will bpeak this morning at Trinity
jA. rl. Churcn. J.n the evenlii*-.\v'aiter> B.
Anthony will sing and me pastor, iusv.
Pinion L>. duck, win preach on 'Ctiris
uamiy and iiinuooism."
Hex. it'. Vernon jo nes of the Park Con
greKaxional Church will preacn this morn
irg on "our ivieia," ana in the evening
on "The Present Conditions ol China," j |
Rev. A. C. Bane ot tne California-street
M. K. Church win preach tins morning on
••Waiting at Your jJoor." /. *
Kev. john Stephens ot the Simpson Me
morial Churcn win preacn this' morning
on "A iu.an of Gou, 1 ' and in tne evening
"The Accusers of Jesus" Is the subject
Topics to Ee Discussed, by
the Ministers at To-
Day's Services,
ABLE SERMONS
TO BE PREACHED
In Society Circle
DCIETY is resting these weeks
/T*"" preparing for the few brief daya
of Easter gayctv. Wedding bells
Vv ring ou t and there axe to
sf^^y' be several entertainments that
" will bring the season to a flttins
and brilliant dose.
On Monday evening last Harry R. Mac
farlane entertained at dinner at the Cali
fornia Hotel Miss Polly Dunn, Mrs. H. F.
Dutton, Miss G. Macfarlane. Mrs. Geor5?
jJBT. Macfarlano. Ed H. Sheldon. H. F. Du-.
ton and H. A. Widemann. The table wis
beautifully decorated with orchids and
xnaidenshatr. After dinner Mr. Macfar
lane's guests were driven to the opera
house, where they occurred one of the
loges. witnessing the opening performance
of Mme. Sembrich.
They're Enerag^d
The engagement is announced of Miss
Birdie Cohnrelch and Mr. Raluh Davlc.
They will ncelre Sunday, March 21, from
2 to Z p. m.. at 7T>1 Eddy street.
The er.Kagoraent is announced of M^s
Minnie Webster and Bernard J. Joseph.
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Levey of 1655 Post
street announce the engagement of their
daughter, Vfolot, and Samuel Gutrnan.
The engagement of Miss Lillian M.
Heohtman. sistor of A. J. Hechtman, to
Orlin W. Crawford has been formally an
nounced. The weddir.a will take place in
the rear future.
Home Gatherings.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
J. T. Keegan of 203 Eilis street by tha
members of the Golden Gato Outing Club
*r.d the Ladies' Auxiliary of the same or
ganization on Friday, March' 15. A string
orchestra furnished music for the occa
sion. Dancing was enjoyed and light re
freshments -were served. Those present
were: Miss L. Byrnes, Miss E. Sweeney,
E. L. Miles, Mrs. A. Hoare. Bert Hen
nessey. Thomas Maronev, John Glenn,
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. l>ns-co!l. Miss N. L»ee
can, Mr. IV. J. Riley. Miss Ii. Wagner,
Miss J. Holfinghoff. J. A. Dunleavy.
James Folcy. J. J. Jordan A. J. Sullivan,
Charles O'lirier.. L. Guedet. D. Creedor.
Mr. and Mrs. William Grounlev, James
O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs. Charles HeaJev,
J. Flaherty, D. E. Havden. Miss R. Fin
n<»gan and William P. Schrader.
On Saturday t-venine. March 16. a de
lightful party was given at the hoove of
Harry Dumont, 13"J5 Broadway, A'a
moda, in honor of his birthday, the
greater number of the guests being San
Krajicssco people. The early part of the
evening was taken up with songs, games
and parlor amusements. Among thos-»
present were: The Misses Marguerite Du-
Diont, Eleanor Larkin, Evelyn Larkin,
Adeline Pane. Mabel Williams, Louisa
Nelson, Carrie S;>roul, Minnie Sproul.
Elizabeth Atchison, Kitty Howard and
Minnie Doten; and Messrs. Harry Du- ,
mom, John Dumont. Arthur Gale. Harry
Gale. Harry StrAch&n. Alfred Xewimn,
William Wood, Bernard Hemminsa, Wil
liam Denver. William Houston and
Charles Dodds.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Shufelt of 1163 Valen
cia street entertained a rumber of triends
at dlr.rer on March 17. The event was in
honor of birthday anniversaries of the
guest of honor, O. J. Huested, and of the
host and hostess. Those present were Mrs.
Ada Bryant, C H. Smith ' and George
Huested. The usual exchange of gilts
caused pleasant surprises, and a merry
t-vening of reinlnisconces brought the
good-night hour all too soon.
A very pleasant party was tendered to
Thomas K. Fuller recently at his home
on Vallejo street In honor of his twenty
first birthday. The house was artistically
decorated with flags and illuminated with
Chinese lanterns. The evening was en
joyably spe^t in singing and dancing un
til midnight, when th^re was a grand
march to the sr-acious dining-room, where
a bountacus repast was served. After a
pleasant hour «u the tables the guests as
sembled in the large parlors, where games
and other amusements were held until an
? arly hour. Th<? guests were: Miss G.
TViesman. Miss Tessa Rust, Joseph Vena- !
ble. Miss Lillian Gregory, Gus Berti, Miss ;
Hattie Grau. George Cantrell, Miss Mag
pie Aichenson, Leslie Mason, Miss Linda
Berti. Russell Cantrell, Miss Jennie Grau,
Frank Gregory. Miss Jessie Stevenson.
Hugh Mason. Miss Lizzie Dundas, H.
Sparrow, H. Backstedt, M!ss Leona Mohr,
Howard Turner, Joseph Brown, Miss Lilly
Milbourne. Charles Turner, W. Davis,
Miss Ada Williamson. Ed Mohr. Miss Sel
ma Llttlcken, A. Rolfe, H. Lanzendorf.
Miss Edith Lincoln, J. MaJone, Miss B.
Walters. F. Lincoln, Miss B. Neuman, F.
Bernett, F. Porteous, R, Dudin, Mlsa A.
Carson. Fred Mason, Miss A. Richter,
Frank Dibble, Miss A- McTurnman. W.
Backstedt, Miss May Ryan and A. Jones.
A farewell reception was recently given
by the Misses Marie and Anita Walsh to
Senorita Clemencia Cortez prior to her de
parture for the City of Mexico. After .in
I enjoyable musical programme supper was
1 served. Among those present were: Sencr
Gallllco Conez of Mexico, Miss Marie
Loubet. Jack Saunders, Miss Lupe Cortez,
Miss Claire Farrcll, Budd Rouse and 1L
Dru of Chicago.
A most enjoyable surprise party was
tendered to Gus Goldstone Saturday even
ing. March 16, at his residence, 413 Grove
street, by his friends the Young Callfor
nians. The reception rooms were elabor
ately decorated with ferns and streamers
of blue and gold, the colors of the Young
Californians. Those nrccent were Misses
Flora Keen. Fanny Crown, Rita an«l
Grace Ferrat, Gertie I'ere. Carrie Wolf.
Epfj- Krone, Sadie Menaelshon. Eva Mc-
Donald, Gertie Jacobs. Bertha Hirsch,
Marion Larsen, Messrs. Robert Abrams,
Julius Jacobs, Ed Jacobs* Harry Mohr,
William Lane, Theodoic Freidling-, K.
Behlmer, Milton Badt. Walter Bloch.
Jerome Freidberg, Sig Green, Arthur
Cohn. Willie Kun, Carl Kraner. Roland
Jax-obs, Abe Markowitz. Gus Goldstone.
A most enjoyable party was recently
tendered to Master Alex Moss at the resi
dence of his parents, 1012 Seventh street,
Oakland, it being the anniversary of his
fourth birthday. The house was taste
fully decorated in green and white^ Among
the puests present were; Misses Irene
Flanigan, Lillian Almas, Violet Clark,
Lovely and Precious Dempsey, Violet Hal
lihan, Susie Houston, Mariam Tuntly,
Masters Harold and Lcwell McGurty, Joe
and Harrv Mitchell, Paul and Frank
Simlny, Gerald, Ronald atid Donald
Tuntly, George and Ralph Yagar.
The many friends of Mr. and Mrs. J.
Schwalla of 1408 O'Farrell street tendered
them a pieasant surprise on their twen
tieth anniversary, March 20. Music and
games helped to make the hours pass
pleasantly, after which a bountiful repast
was served.
A ii umber of little folks were enter
tained by Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Cohen on
Sunday afternoon. March 17, in honor of
the fourth birthday anniversary of their
littlt? daughter Arline. Recitations, cake-,
walks and games were indulged In, for
which prizes were awarded, after which
the little folks marched to the banquet
hall, where refreshments were served.
A pleasant birthday party was given to
Miss Ida L. Currle by her parents an
Monday evening. March 18. The invited
guests were: Miss Edna Andrew, Miss
Ethel Andrew. Miss A. Ahrens, Miss
I^ena Bauer, Miss Lulu Bauer. Miss L.
Chase, Miss E. Forbes, Miss E. Fon
lacher. Miss E. Peck. Mjss R. Poland.
Miss M. Roesler, Miss I. de Witt, Alfred
Andrew, George Bauer. Will Day. Albert
Forbes. Victor Viernan. Fred Chase,
James Donovan, Archie Murphy, Joe Mor
ris, Xorris Parent. James Mullen. Harrs-
RheinhardL Justin Shaylor, Alfred de
Witt. Willie Chase.
Club Parties.
A banquet was recently given to "W. H.
Alexander by the members of the Thurs
day Evening Club of Oakland In honor of
his return from his sugar plantations In
the Hawaiian Islands. The hall was hand
somely decorated, white orchids being a
prominent feature. After supper singing
and dancing were in order.
The Purim ball and entertainment given
by the Maccabean Club of the Emanuel
Sisterhood was a success. The orphan
asylum band played some fine selection*.
Jack Harris sang some selections from
"Carmen"; Miss J. Conn gave a very
clever recitation, which was followed by
a vocaJ eolo by Miss M. Schneider. Ed
Edlln and Al Collett surprised those at
tending by their clever and witty sayings.
They made the hit of the evening by sing
ing: a parody on "Just Because She Made
Those Goo Goo Eyes." The farce, "The
Flying Dutchman," was well acted by
Joseph Greene, L. Vishoot and A- Bauer.
The entertainment concluded with a
dance. A feature of the evening was tho
waltz dedicated to the club by Miss
Jacobson. . ¦
In the Future.
The Astorlas will give their fourteenth
evening: dress asseznbly on Tuesday even-
Ing. April 2, at Golden Gate'Hall.^ .
The twenty-ninth muslcale \ and hop
given by the McKenzie Musical Society
will be held at Odd Fellows' Hall on
Thursday evening, March 2S. The follow
ing programme has been prepared for the
occasion: Overture, orchestra (Dlbben);
quartet selections. Keystone quartet. Eu
gene IX Pfaeffle. first tenor; E. W. Teach,
THE i5AN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1901.
made up of those who were members of
the Order of Chosen FMends. which wer.t
under some time aso by reason oX what 1*
was charged was carelessness In the man
agement of affairs.
At the meetln? of this council last Fri
day night a number of applications wera
received from former members of th*
Chosen Friends and several were nra
sented from strangrers to all orders.
26
6 Gearu St.,
Corner Betray.
CHESTER F. WEIGHT
Royal Worcester Cor-
fet-FHtlnK Parlors.
per pair.
French
Straight- Front
Corsets.
Fell Bias Gored.
StppMre, Eoa Ton an
lloyal Worceibri.
PRICES: $100 to 115. CO
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
.DERMATOLOGISTS.
?*J7*^5? ntI ? r J* n^!? e *«P«rnuoui hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed -with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monttratlon of ability to make hair , grow on
bald heads. Houn l.to 4 p. m. Evenlnrs by
appointment. , i Donohoe , bid*.; 1170 • Market st.
cpr. Taylor, rooms 28-29. 8. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 60c;_ Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
druRrfgta. Larger stock aiwayi atJ. 8. Totti'
Dru. Co. ¦ " .
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption ana
healthful regularitr-
For th* cure of all dUorden of the Etomarh.
Liver. Bowel*. Kidney*. Bladder. Female Ir-
reeularities, 6ick Headache, BUlousneu. Con-
etipatlon. Piles and all derangements - of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
»«r Tr.aH. BADWAT & CO.. New York.
{
Badway*s
Pills
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ssBss^ssssssssss^Bsss^t^FBl^s^sss^BsissB^ESJW^MisffitlKv 'fiy B*xi^Sim$l$^G^^^^^ ¦ ¦ MPw * - AW ' ' asW bbbbT * bbBibT * asV Hbbb) ' swISt^ » Tl~3 Art fur VS^M sfSWg ftfigflt^^7Mfc3CB!P^Sffr3fc l p|CjwS^Bh'"^-* jm
3cftnt9^»^csisM ¦¦HBVcJ9sBHssssa^sss^5ssKMssUlS'M?TEBsr^BBMj6^ j 3t^si^^^ 1^ Tjjfftfp^^^cr'Bi^Mf «i^?^^p2SsS^3S3bb1^sb»^^ * iBv Hf MJt&j^^L]vtCSSxi^Bol^M$&GB8SkB SBG^BBwSwxBn3ni ErS9 j^KjBBMB^c^ppyV'^1 is
1 To who Work© P fom Women Cured by Mrs. Pinkham. p
I beneath the words " I am not well enough to work " ! StWm?^^ Corapo^rfd and^anatfve Wash^ha'^o esetabl ° J"
| Every penny of her slender income is needed for the hffi[ K8r<Sl£3? It is now six yeara since I was taken &icW I
H necessaries of life for herself and others. Seldom, indeed, j $34^-$? had falli o f the womb and • w *
I is.it that tho girl pr woman who works in a factory, or in ' .AH/ " I suffered untold pkins ; sometSer^Tas 8o\5 I
H some business omce or store, has merely herself to support. * 5 5Y thatltiiotifflitlcaaidnotiiv« i wirh Q
M Nearly alw^ays there is an invalid mother or sister, pernaps vligiSlftQ, '""*•* table Com d teadii f - 1 n^ea tb« vege- g
in 01^ i. "L. j xl t 2. xi-. i j. i • • 1. 1_ I t*-^ v 8»m do^v weii. J.* you Ixlcci you d&y use mv is
m bne taxes ner endurance, tneretore, to the last limit be- L^l^^^^N^^. letter for the benefit of others."— m k p h
m| ry i -m •* •* ' iii « /-» ii j « — I INnll55 f\ Ail iL R JUNSLAS Qi< A B) © vv k ¦rV'^M^ **l 'O i\m T-*%
I She has no, money laid up. Her wages have been in- « deab Mbs. Punauur :-It affords me a great de^l of pleaanre to ex S
I] sufficient for her pressing needs, and she has spent money press my praise of your valuable Vegetable Compound. Words eacnot Ei
(a On doctors, trying to keep at WOrk and hold her place. . . . tell what your medicine did for me. It saved ray liie. I was so weak n
I But it's no use— She has reached the limit. , £l her fight ? nd nervous » would have very bad hemorrhages.^ I did not do anything ft!
S -wifh fpmnln trmihlpct rVia V»n<? pnirifl ofP w-nnd 'Kr»cf aa *°r-a year, not even attend to my own family. I suffered beyond de- Si
g wun iemaie trouDies sne_nas come on aecona Dest, as scription ; my physician said i could not get well without an ©DeratiorT m
B myriaaS. OI women have before ner. " which I refused to have. I tried all kinds of medicine, but theydid me W
ra What will happen, now that She has lost her place and - no good. A friend recommended Lydla E. PJnkhanTs Vegetable Com- A
fa has broken down in health ' pound. I used it and the Sanative Wash, and am now enjoying the best {a
I # These: heart-stirring stories are being lived all around mm?eS1lo^ ssf Pewl^f Brid^Xw^rS! yonr me °*"~ |
PI a story of health and energy, if the ypung woman had but r -• n "Dsab Mbs. Pcckham:— i have been d u ht B
n written to Mrs. 'Pinkham wnen she first felt ill. She would with your Vegetable Compound I thoug-ht I would Rl
H have been told just how to make herself well and strong, as m mfsglfn write and thank y°. u - My system was entirely ma ||
m many other women have, and this advice would have cost down ; I suffered with terrible backache in the small ||
|j And it is not alone in factories and business places that 'fi^- 2/ I had no appetiter- Since taking Lydla E. n^InkhMa'8 If
H 'women are forced to give up on account of ill health. It'is */H^* H Vegetable Compound I htve gained fifteen pounds M
H Q u ite as often the woman who does her own "work at home. J^§^^^^^ and am ffainin S' every -week. My appetite has im- Q
I This means, generally, doing the work for a household of ' W^^nvQ ever e ii)ked V before baC i s^i rSSmm?nd l i !tter than l P
S OL i * t i' ,, , , , ' j, . ,, , .. ¦ ' „ '¦ - mrs r f mokjton friends, as it certainly, Is a wonderful medicine '— H
g ' also compels herself to attend to the daily round of IW 'J Mes. E. F. Moktow, 826 York St., CincinnatCo. fj
9 where to look for that reliable Kelp that ;will put her. on her ." Deab Mrs. Pinkham :— Lhad been in poor health for twenty years, H
P feet and Stop those awful aches and pains. having inflammation of ovaries and womb trouble. Although treated ra
I The sure help forall ailing women,\who work^ at , home \ -^JSSS i^^^^^^S^V^^^t^ I
B or elsewhere, is Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- to take Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. The first bot™ ii
Bj pound*. Women who have Used it testify to this with one strengthened me and I wrote you. After taking six bottles, can say that 1 1
I ;° 1C^hen flie ' peri^are painful W too frequent; whence , I
n backaches and headaches drive out all ambition ; r when the ¦ • r ¦ , - - * ""vw^am m
n heart-breaking, "dragged-down" /sensation;" attacks* you "•'¦ I, ...j,,,, Jl "Deab Mrs. PraraAM :—lt is with pleasure that IS
Q when you are so nervous that every trivial thing excites tf$S$$B§k I add my testimony to your list, hoping it may induce M
n you, you may be certain that there is some growing trouble gf "^^^Swk ot^ ers to avail-thcmselves of the benefit of your Tai- 3
g fastening itself upon you. Do not let disease make head- g \r*g[ Sr aole r £lj ned . y * Before taking Ly dm e. Pinkham's
I way. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for her free W^P 1 sickheadLnts^appetit? 11 IwL ba a in- ad terrible I
H M yMyffY3HI'£3i jfe» g^^P^jSyJ^^&g^fi^^Sfi able to do anything, had sharp pains all through my
H tmmjjywMB&a. BmB aSB&BmkBtl&MBuB m29 . rt^OTewSPL* body. Before I had taken half a bottle of your =
If W &8fg$tr W&mMU£& S^^SmESSmMmMooSSa ' MRSWP.VALENTInE. I did not need any more. I am like a new person."—- ;
m ffSSKSS JpPb&h, /(^^^k Rffr ET"^H^^Il W\. Owing to the fact that some skeptical people have from time to time questioned m
y 4h9 A^hk /W SB ma ms 1^» EL \a If J"^ IJ "» genuineness of the testimonial letters we ore constantly publishing w« hiir«
I ".' * r^.-^^^^-B' •¦,¦•-• H ¦ H H '' H ¦:¦ ¦/;-^-!5^. l >.~-.~-*^*"t' .^^ ¦¦z deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000 which will be nald N
H f^. JB jO t |iy >Bw to any^pcrson who will diow that the above testimonials ore not genuine, or were published before obtaining the W
j Women of refinement who regard healthful 8
cocking as a paramount duty; good cooks, 1
Icacir.r ciubt and hotel chefs, 2nd cooking 9
authorises cvcTj-w-hcre earnestly recommend M
Wesson's Salad Oil as better value than |
the most delicately flavored Imported Olive 1
Oil and costs very much less. Send for book- 3
let, which contains exceptional recipes, by 3
LidaAmesWillis,N2UonalFoodWrkcr,Lec- 3
turer and Demonstrator; Mn. S. T. Rorer, 3
Principal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. §
Mantz, Steward and Manager Ritxenhousc jjj
Club, znd other valuable information tree, jj
Ask your friendly grocer fcr Veston's Oils 8
anxf avoid ur.hcalthful cooking fats. 3
¦ ' ' ' ' *
" ADVEBTISET^VTS.'Camera Club Members Entertain.
There was a large gathering of ' the
members and friends of . the California
Camera Club at their rooms In the Acad-^
emy of Sciences building yesterday after
noon, the occasion being one of the popu
ular club teas. An informal musical pro
gramme added greatly to the pleasure of
the occasion, the principal numbers being
violoncello and violin solos' by Mr. and
Mrs. J. R. Gwynn, respectively, accompa
nied by Mrs. Beckett; piano solos by Miss
Vallejo and Miss Rasmussen - and • bass
solos by W. S. Webster. '.The ladies re
ceiving and serving tea were:- Mrs.-W." B;
Webster. Mrs. W. E. Palmer. -Mrs.' Chil
son, Miss Gumming, Miss Bemis and the
Misses Brunner. > .*...:
Information jeached this city yesterday
from ' the north that E. ' J. Baldwin, the
man on whom fortune loves to smile. Is
again on the road to wealth. A strike
that promises to be fabulously rich was
recently made on ! the property of the
Wild Goose Trading and Exploration
I Company, of which .Charles. "D. Lane is
j the. principal stockholder. The. holdings of
the company are : located in the Anvil
Creek district and adjoin the claims that
were staked by "Lucky" Baldwin. There
is every reason to believe that the rich
vein extends through Baldwin's claims. .:
The man of luck went north last year,
against the protestations of his friends,
and staked ' several claims in the Anvil
I Creek region and then • returned home to
J await the spring before commencing ope
rations.
Bid Fair to Prove Fabulously
; Rich.
Claims Which He Holds in Alaska
FORTUNE MAY AGAIN V . ;{i:
FAVOE IAJCK. Y : BALDWIN
The Eschscholtzlas 'of the' Mission- dls
:trlct: will give . their; fourteenth ' party ' In
Mission Parlor Hall on Seventeenth street
on the '¦ night of ; the ; 28th inst., and ' like
these that nave been given In the past; it
will be one of those select functions that
have won for ¦ this organization a most
enviable reputation. The committee of
arrangements . has arranged a well . bal
anced programme of dances for. the enjoy
ment of those who will be favored with
i n vi t ations.'SBH_____S3_H____99K2Ci
Fraternities
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER, at Its
meeting on the ICth insL. had
elgrht applications for member
ship and received the report of
the entertainment given in aid
of a fund to procure instru
ments for a band to be organ
ized at the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home. This showed that it had netted
JISjS 50, 6o the boys will be provided with
the best Instruments obtainable. During
the evening the chapter was addressed by
a number of visitors, after which there
was an hour's dancing in the social hall.
A new chapter has been Instituted at
Fullerton and Tinother will Boon be insti
tuted in the southern part of the State.
The lodge in Los Angeles recently cele
brated its silver anniversary of institu
tion, on which occasion the grand patron
was present and delivered an interesting
address.
Mr. McClain. on behalf of a number of
Masons, presented a beautiful illuminated
altar to Berkeley Chapter, and the same
right the associate matron of the chap
ter presented a line Bible to be placed on
the iew altar.
Unitjt C ha.pter will have an anniversary
celeti alien on next Tuesday evening.
Last Thursday night Golden Gate Chap
ter admitted by initiation Eugene Steagall
and Caroline Ogilvie. After the close of
business a collation was served in the
banquet hall under the supervision of
Mrs. Duren, chairman of the supper com
mittee. During the evening there were
rt-sfxiijses to sentiments bv Mrs. Harriet
Noah and C. I_ Field of Ivy Chapter.
John and Mrs. L. Tonningsen of Califor
nia Chapter. Miss M. G. McConkey of
Olive Branch Chapter, William S. Moses,
the founder of the order in this State, and
«. recitation by Miss Long. This chapter
¦will have an anniversary party about the
10th ot May. All the past patrons and
matrons have been appointed as the com
mittee en arrangements.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Ban Francisco? Tent has decided to have
the contest for the championship of San
Francisco on Tuesday evening next. This
competitive degree drill will be the most
exciting of its kind that has ever been
held in this State. The winning team will
beve the honor of entering into the con
test for the championship of the State and
for the cash prize offered by the Su
prema Tent to the team that shall receive
the greatest number of credits for the ex
emplification of th« ritualistic work during
the State convention in ApriL.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Fraternal Hive is progressing in a re
rar.rkable manner, initiating members at
each meeting. The members are all work
ing to make the membership as large as
that of the largest of the local hives. In
this work they are ably assisted by Lady
Commander liaxe and Lady Lerol and
I~dy Jackson. At a recent review the
hive entertained Lady Chaplain Lizzie
"Whitesldes oa the eye of her departure for
another part of ths State.
National ~O_o_
The last heM meeting of California
Council of the National Union was an In
teresting one, being attended by a large
number of the members and many visit
ors, among them being Mr. Dlehl of Rail
road Council of Cincinnati, Dr. George W.
Daywait. surgeon, I*. S. A., Just returned
from Manila, and Nonnan R. Arter, ex
presidect of Golden Gate, who is now
known as "the Mayor of Mill Valley."
After a short business session the hun
dred members v;ho were present were en
tertained by Speaker Gilbert, who fur
nished a fine entertainment, -which was
made up of an instrumental solo by Pro
fessor Foster of the council, bass solo by
Mr. Ker, vocal selections by the Rincon
Quartet, dramatic impersonations by Ed
ward Burrows, the projectoscope bvj. P
Giliespie, vocal duet by the Scanion'broth
ers and an address on "Our New Pos
sessions" by Dr. Daywait "Teddy" Banz
srrvf-d all with refreshments. =V
_ J. W. Meyers, secretaj-y of the JCatlonal
union Senate, will visit this city about
the 10th of April. It is probable that the
local councils will make arrangements to
give the visitor a rousing welcome.
_____
Daughters of Pioneers.
The first social given by the Daughters
of Pioneers In Pioneer Hall on the after
noon of last Monday ¦was one of the pleas
«.nt affairs of t he season. There was a
large attendance that enjoyed the pro
gramme cf entertainment that had been
irranged by the committee of brrange
-nents. The speaker of the occasion was
Samuel W. HoMday, who after being in
troduced by Mrs. M. V. H. Gurnett, presi
dent of the association, delivered an elo
quent address, in which he set forth the
&!ms of the new association o£ ladies,
which Is to perpetuate the memories of
the early pioneers of the' Golden State-
This was followed by an instrumental
solo by Miss S. English. "The Holy City,"
sung In a charming manner bv Mrs. Er
nest Leigh; vocal solo, "The Huntress,"
from the opera of "Martha," by Miss
Grace de Forest; select reading, Miss
Gertrude Gates; select reading, "The
Dandy Fifth," Miss May Sullivan ; vocal
solo, Mies Alyce Gates. After the pro
gramme there was a reception from 5 to 6
in the afternoon and refreshments were
served. That closed the very delightful
nrst eodal function of the Daughters. It
was under the supervision of Mrs. M. V.
H. Gurnett, Mrs. Florence Templemann
Hiss Grace de Forest, Mrs. H. P. Watts
Mrs. Alice Morse, Mrs. Mary Trlcou .Mrs'
Mary Palmer, Miss Lucle Adams'- and
Mrs. Ella Lees Leigh.
The Druids.
Curing the past week Grand Secretary
Graves visited Guadalupe Grove and then
started for Lompoc, Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles. At the latter place he was
met by Noble Grand Arch Lange and
visitations were in order- A number of
candidates were initiated and the visitors
were warmly welcomed. The grand of
ficers then visited the gTove in Modesto
where there was Initiation by the degree
team, which did its work well. The last
of the official visits for the term was- to
Oakland Grove, where the noble grand
arch was accompanied by the grand sec
retary. Supreme Herald MartinonI and L.
A. Wolff of the Druids' Magazine. There
were many present and the number was
added to by a large delegation from Roma
Grove. A banquet and speeches followed
the work of the evening.
To-morrow night Grand Arch Druidess
Mrs. Thornhill will institute a new circle
in Olympia 1 Grove and on the following
night another will be instituted at Colma.
Last Tuesday- Gallileo Grove conferred
the third degree on two candidates.
The Elks. ;-
The social session of the Stockton Lodge
of Elks after the business meeting, -when
ten strangers had the antlers placed upon
their heads, was presided over by -State
Senator C. M. Belshaw. a member of Sac
ramento Lodge. He proved a most excel
lent presiding officer, bright and witty,
and under his rule all were kept in the
best of humor. The programme offered
was a most entertaining one. The lodge
served refreshments during the evening.
During the session Colonel G. Q. Grant on
behalf of the lodge presented to R. J. Per
rlne a costly gold watch and fob as a
token of appreciation of his services . on
behalf of Stockton No. 218. Frank L.
Palmer, an Elk from St. Paul, Minn.,
paid the officers of Stockton Lodge a high
compliment, saving that they rank In their
work with the best he had seen in lodges
between New York and Stockton.
The Scottish Clans.
Royal Deputy ;A. Gavin of Portland,
Ore., was in this city last week and he
was the guest of Royal Chaplain M. L.
Crowe. As the visitor could not remain
long enough to attend one of the clan
meetings he was met at the host's house
by a number of the prominent members
of the cJans of this city and Oakland, and
an enjoyable meeting was had, at the
close of which Mrs. Crowe served an ex
cellent collation.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The Picnic Association of the Ancient
Order of Foresters is arranging for a pic
nic to be given on the 30th of May. This
association will give a party on the 30th
fast.
Court Pacific at 'Stockton initiated
twenty candidates on March 7 and re
ceived fifteen applications. Court San Pab
lo Initiated thirty-one candidates at its
last held meeting in February. Court Bo
hemia has added sixty members to its roll
in the past six months, it received ten ap
plications on the 12th inst
A number of new courts will be insti
tuted during April. One of these will be
at finelling on the 3d with a large charter
Court Ivanhoe will have a smoker in
Washington-square Hall on the 10th of
ApriL
Court Star of the Mission had a very
enjoyable smoker las,t Wednesday night.
The members were entertained with mu
sic, songs and recitations. Past Chief
Ranger H. G. F. Jones was master of cer
emonies.
Companions of the Forest >;- •
A new'clrcle of; the Companions of the
Forest wasj recently instituted, at Rio
Vista by Supreme Grand Chief Compan
ion Mrs. M. E, Falconer, assisted by John
Falconer. P. B. G. C. C. and Supreme
Grand Secretary Mrs. Florence N. Mor
row. The new circle starts with a mem
bership of thirty-five on the charter list.
After the institution- and the installation
of the officers there was a banquet.
The officers and members of Eureka Cir
cle recently entertained the members of
Court Robin- Hood. A very enjoyable
evening was spent. , , ; .
A new circle, called Santa Amanda, or
ganized by . Companions Glngels and Car
cass, has .been Instituted with - a large
charter list. Mrs. Webster 'is- the chief
companion, and Cora Wentzel recording
secretary. «. •¦¦ ...
The members of Court Bohemia will be
the guests of 'Bohemia Circle at a banquet
on the 10th of ApriL : "
Supreme Secretary Mrs.- F. N. Morrow
paid a vieit last week to Alba Circle in
Vallejo. on which occasion a number of
candidates were initiated.: A collation fol
lowed the ceremonies. • * - ¦¦ -
M. Boehm. P. S. G. C. C, and Supreme
Secretary Mrs. Borrow paid a visit last
week to Justice Circle. The reports
showed that the circle is adding ' to its
membership at every- rneetinp. ¦ • . ¦. ; - v
At a recent meetings of Pride; of the
Forest Circle Past-Chief Companions
Mesdames L. .Viersi M. Knnis and L. Bock
were each presented with an emblematic
pin of the order in recognition of services
rendered.
Woodmen of the World.
J. S. Patterson;' "W. r>. Ferguson and F.
K. Teeter, the special committee of Gold
en Gate Camp, has completed all arrange
ments for the reception of Head Consul
Faikenberg. who will be with the camp
to-morrow nigat. There will be a good
programme' and a collation served in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building.
This camp will celebrate its tenth-anni
versary on the 23d of -next April by a
gTeat increase meeting under the direction
of M. T. Moses, T. J. Barry, W. D. Fergu
son. J. S. Patterson and M. M. Dodge.
The quarterly social dance that was re
cently given by Calumet Camp In aid of
the camp degree team was well attended
and netted a neat sum to help defray the
expenses of putting the team in first-class
condition to do the degree work. There
was presented an enjoyable programme.
Women of Woodcraft.
Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft at its meeting last week ini
tiated several strangers and Clerk Jen
nie A. Clark announced that there had
been received during the preceding two
weeks eighty-two applications for mem
bership. The members of the two teams
of the circle have been hard at work and
it is expected that before the close of the
month, the time when the contest is to
cease, that more than a hundred members
will have been initiated.
A new circle of the Women of Wood
craft, called Golden Gate Circle, was in
stituted in Mission Masonic Hall with
seventy members, thirty-eight of whom
were members who w'thdrew from Cali
fornia Circle. It was instituted by Kat«»
B. Hill of Leadvllle, general organizer for
California. The officers of the new circle
are Miss Hattie, P. G. N.: Anna M.
Corves, G. N.; Addle Hrannan, SA. ; Lizzie
Kamena, B.; Helen M. McClIntock. C;
Ruth Cameron, M.; Maud Delamater, C.
of G.; Annie Mllley, Att.: Mary Brooks
I. S.; Mary Hilcert. O. S.: Kate Elmer.
Mus.; Mesdames Alpln, Kelly and Kauf
mann. managers. Ths candidates w-r*
initiated by the officers of Redwood Circle
and the officers were installed by District
Deputy Mrs. Stenart.
Mrs. Carrie Van Orsdall, grand guardian
neighbor of the Women of Woodcraft, ar
rived last week from her home in Pendle
ton. Or., for the purpose .of making •: of
ficial visits to the various circles of this
State. On the 16th inst, she visited the
circle in Oakland, and on last Tuesday
she was with Redwood Circle of this city.
The last named meeting place was pa- ;
triotically decorated with American flags,
Jn the midst of which there was in bril
liant colors the word "welcome." There
was a large attendance of members and
many visitors from California and Golden
Gate circles. The distinguished . visitor
,was received with appropriate honors
and in a neat speech welcomed by
Guardian Neighbor Mrs. Schweinherd.
The visitor, wno was accompanied bv !
Grand Organizer Mrs. Hill, witnessed the
Initiatory work as performed by the of
ficers of this circle without book and In
a manner that won the admiration of all.
The work and drill of the guards was
particularly commented . upon in favor
able terms. During the evening tfcere were
addresses, the principal, one 'being by the
gmnd guardian, who told all about' the
order and Its advancement in the juris
diction. The speaker, ,who for a long
time was connected with newspaper work,
has, it appeared from her remarks,' made
a careful study of the work of the order,
particularly the business end thereof.
After the speaking there was a short pro
gramme of music and song, and then the
serving of a collation. The circle Initiated
eight strangers. ¦- ' - : ' /
On Friday night the grand guardian
paid an official visit to California Circle
and was heartily welcomed by Guardian
Neighbor Mrs. M.' B. Estees in the Shasta
Hall of the Native Sons' building.: There
was a good attendance,/ a number of in
teresting 'addresses and then a social
hour. ' ~ ~; '
The Eschscholtzlas.
Owing to the boundless wealth and un
exampled prosperity of the nation the
tax for the maintenance of veterans ¦ Is
hardly perceptible and every State in'tha
Union that supports a home for the vet
erans is fulfilling the promise made by
Abraham Lincoln that the men who
fought to preserve the Union should be
cared for In their declining years. • =
On March 20. 1900, the number of vet
erans actually present at the home in
Napa County was 673. On ' March 20 of
this year the number present was .733. The
entire membership, embracine the vet
erans present and absent, was 762 m
March, 1900. At the present time the mem
bership 4s 820. Of the number present 170
must be cared for in the hospittal. From
year to year until 1905 the. demands upon
the hospital will increase. *
While the whole number of veterans is
decreasing: at a rate exceeding 30,000 1 a
year the maximum of those attaining the
afre of C2 years will not be reached until
1905.
In ,1900 the number cf survivors wa<?
997,339. It is calculated that in 1905 there
will be living, 82S.6S7 veterans, of whom
106.000 will have attainea the age of 62
years.
Among the bills before Governor Gai^e
are two that relate to the Veterans' Home
of California. It . is estimated that the
number of veterans to be cared for In the
homes throughout the United States will
gradually increase until 1905 ' and there
after the attendance will annually dimin.
lsh until the last survfvor of the Civil
War passes away. •
Membership in Institutions Through
out the- Country Will Gradually
Increase Until 1905 and,
Then Diminish-
(jqvarnor Gage Considering
Two Important Bills for
Its Support. ;
VETERANS' HOME
OF CALIFORNIA
HE SAN FRANCISCO • CA^LL; SUNDAY, S34, -19pi,
27
AMTJSE-IENTS. - i'->
ATlVPLi*
MONDAY, March 25th,
SECOND WEEK.
The Magnificent Mus'cal Opera,
_ -¦' ' . ¦ — i
Jl -I Jll_-^
Book by Stanislaus Stange. • ' .
Music by Julian Edwards.
In this fine opera you'll see
"The Mermaid and the Whale."
And Ihear the song, "A Dream,' a
¦ '.•Dream," . :';*J"/.
Whose encores never fail.
Also,' "A Simple Norman Maid"
And "Mon General."
And hear just "How I Danced Away"— -
The gem among them all.
The opera under the miiaical direction
of MR. PAUL 'STEINDpRFF. ¦
NEXT; -OPERA— Tha record-braaker of
last season,
"THE ID01'HYE"--"K..
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 5Oc.
Telephone Bush O.
UNION COURSING PARK
mmm M \J m U f\ I ••* -
Sunday ------ March 24
OPEyiAKE
...OP...
GHAMPIONS
$1000 $1000
'TRAIN SERVICE.
i Leaves Third and Townsend streets, 10:K
a. m.,' 11 "a. m., 13 m. and l,p. m. Twenty-
flfth and : Valencia streets . five minutes late".
Returning, at 4:45 p. -m. and after the last
course. Kan Mateo electric cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
. MATINEE ' TO-DAT -'.-' (SUNDAY).
To-Night, TH^PROPER CAPER.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
"Too Mueli
Johhspn."
' William- Gillette's Comedy,
,' MATINEES ; SATURDAY AND' SUNDAY. •
THE SAN FRAN3ISC3 JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March 2Sth to 30th.
'-''. ; SIX HIGH-CLASS ' RACES \ EACH . DAY. ;
• .TUESDAY— HURDLE' RACE, i
- THURSDAY— HIGH-WEIGHT i HANDICAP.
SATURDAY-THE 8PRING HANDICAP, J3000
* . . ADDED..-. - ¦ .
. '•-'•.. ', First Race. Daily. at 2:10 P." M." *. ¦¦'¦¦ ...
-¦ . Trains : from s Third and r .Townsend r streets-i-7,
10:40/11:30 a: m.; 12:40. \l, 1:30, t p. m.
¦¦;¦ Returning ' leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
short intervals. • -> . •, .- ¦-.•¦--. -.. ,¦;..;.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R.R. FARE) $1 25.
MILTON S. . LATHAM. - Secretary.
E.J;: POWER; Racing Secretary.
FISCHER'S CON CERT \ HOUSE.'
f.f'fVf?^^ Admission ;lOc.:
'« Wm.'- McDonald. -Aku 'Aabador.-; Merlelta.- the'
FlechtIs,T Olive Vail, Lillian : Jeanette. A. : B.
Bentley e and *- Hlnrichs' r- Orchestra. Reserved
Beats,'. 25c '' Matinee Sunday. .- • : .^, ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc.
S.S.JEANIE,
P. H. MASON. Master.
S.S.THRASHER
T. L. ELLI3. Master.
Will leave San Francisco en
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER »oes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE goes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April 26.
S. S. VALENCIA, J. M. Lane. Master, leave*
San Francisco May 24, 1301, and Seattle May
CO. 1301, for Nome, Teller. Behrlaff, Golofnin,
etc.
For passage a_d freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
*> CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way, Seattle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ok Steamers leave Broad~ay
fc^. wharf. San Francisco:
V*?5[*s^ For Alaskan Ports— U a. m..
ttfe^K March 22. 27. April 1. Chan.?*
KkJjwSZ 1 *^ to company's steamers at Se-
Is5v£rl^l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fgflKTJL^w^i C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
I c^^^i-Xt^Ax Tacoma. Kverett, Anaeorte«
•**¦ and New V.'hatcom ("Wash.)—
" ¦^ l * 11 a. m.. March 23, 27, Apr!!
I. and every fifth day thereafter. Chanite at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eurelia. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
24. 29, April ». and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
grelea) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa. Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Crni, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ticos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
Bast San Pedro fLoa Angreles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a.m.; steajner Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 •. m. ¦-.; •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose det
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company" *
folders.
Tbe i company reserves the rtebt to chansr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notire.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. A«rt«..
10 Market at.. San Franclaca.
THE 0. R.*& R. CO.
XJISFATCH FAST 8T_AM_R3 TO
pOR'PT.AND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m. .
CA DC $'2 First Class including Berth
r**nr. $8Second Clasi and Meals.
COLUMBIA tails Mar. J4. Apr. I
GEO. W. ELDER salla. Mar. 19.. Apr. *¦'
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets tr> all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
_* 1 Montgomery, rt.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WTCL LEAVE WHAJRP 1 , OOR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO, calling at
Kobe (Hlc?o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honkgong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-.
SS HONKONO MARTJ..Tue»day, April 9. 19OX
PS] NIPPON MARU Friday, May 3. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelnrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RW* TOBX. 8CCTHA-7T0S. LOHDOH . ?___>
Btocplnr at Cherbotm?. westbonnd.
From 'New York Every Wednesday. 19 a. ra.
St. Louis April 3lSt. Louis April!*
New Tork April in New Tork May 1
Vaderland' A»rtl X7lst. Paul May •
PED STAR LINK;
ftmw York and Antw«r_
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Prlesland April ItKenslngton ....April 34
Southwark April mlZeeUnd May 1
Westernland ...April 17IFrlesland May S
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
General A»rent Paelfle Coast. «O Montgomery st-
A jia«inf i> Q _" Ci\ " AWA "> WMMi Rni
Occamcs.sxo. Bawas
ES SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
....; ..Wednesday, March 27. I p. m.
SS MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April S. 2 p. mu
I D.SPKCKEIS & BEOS. CO., Genera! Aosnis, 327 Kartit St
8_'l Pasamer 0!to, 843 Hafct St., Piar h. 7, P3cifc St
PANAMA R. H-SS?.
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Sunday, March 24
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. Leelanaw sails Tuesday, April 16
From Seawall, Sec. 2, at 2 p. ra.
Freleht and passenger office. 330 Market st. .
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coaat Agent. " .
PACUIC 8TEAM 5AVI81TI0S CO. ASD > ; ¦ '
COMPANIA 8U0 A-Z-ICAN1 OS T1F0SI3 -
T» Valparaiso. ' stopping , at • Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing: .
SS AREQU1PA...... .April. 4' 1901
SSI LIMARI April 17. MOJ
PS PERU April—, 1301
S3. GUATEMALA ..................May —.1901 ,
At 12 m. Irom Section X. Seawall.
These steamers are butlt expressly for. Central
and South American passenger service. .C'o
change at Acapulco or Panama.). Freight and
Dassenger office. J16 California street.. ... .
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE - CO.. Agents.-
lrt**?A0NIS - aSKSBAL? T_AH3ATLAMTIQUK. .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. _*aw
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of «Qf/En>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42,j"*^«a_
North River, foot of Morton street. Ffrst-elass
to Havre. $55, and upward. Second class to
Havre $45 and- upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES *nd CANADA. S3
Broadway (Hudson butldlngr). New York. • J." F.
FTTGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
" BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR uT^r^XTTYARD AND VALLEJO.
¦ .Stef""*'- " v n-it!ceno."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at i:« s
a. m., 1:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1ICS.
A_TUS__9__MT_. ~
Week CommencingTo-Day, . f
Sunday M i tin ee, March 24.
A BILL BUILT OF THE BEST
• The Celebrated. Legitimate Star,
M^RIE-
Assisted by EDWARD iELSNER "and a Clever
• ¦ Company; "Presenting, '
"LADY DYE'S ESCAPADE."
A Comedietta by Justin Huntley McCarthy.
BURT SHEPARD
The World Renowned. Singing: and Talking .
', ,. . ¦ .-.Philosopher..*. „ < -
CALLAH AN AND MACK
, Famous '-'.¦ Celtic, ComedIan».V--V '. ..'I
SCOTT *»o WILSON
¦ :• . Acrobatic '.Comedian*. ¦•- -j .-_¦_ /'
SMITHfAISDiGAlVIRBELL
i '. Parody Vosallstig andtOrlglnal Com'erea-t j
TECh|OW^S CAT QRCUS
; ¦ A Treat; f^r. Old and Tourig. ; ''. : "*'i ;¦'
THE GREA T AMERICAN BIO GRAPH
TaST WEEK OF :•..¦•
BUNTH AND RUDD CO.
From the' Old World.
? AND THE BEAUTIFUL
PAPINTA
The. Queen of Sensational Dancers.
J Parquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved. . A few
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front/Cows
of Balcony, reserved, : 25c. - f
PHONE SOUTH. 770
MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT,
And ALL THIS WEEK.
The Mammoth Production of the World!
I pS w tbe b:g ncw yobk
. ' - -• . .'.
¦'<>,.'. PRICES-
¦'•¦:•'; ; 15c— —'2> 5c -35c 50e. {
MOROSCO'S 6RAND OPERA-HOUSE
. SEASON GRAND OPERA.
StSflBHIGH COMPANY.
' Under the Direction of C..L. GRAFF.
Evening Performances : at 8. Matinee at 2/j
To-morrow Evening. .March ; 25, Verdi's
.,'.:_;¦— TWflvmxA ••
MADAME SEMBRICH; AS VIOLETTA.
Wednesday, (last) Evening:, March 27, Don-
rizetti's
."DON PASQUALE."
MADAME SEMBRICH AS NORINA.
Saturday ; (only) . Matinee, • March 30, . Gounod's
, ¦.. ..-.*• .-..-. "FAUST." a ..-,..- . , ¦..
MADAME SEMBRICH AS MARGUERITE.
GRAND ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS.
--Conductor.". SIGNOR BEVIGNANI.
Scale of prices. »1.50. ' »2.00, $5.00. Gal-
lery : (unreserved), ¦¦ $1.00. -n General • Admission/
$2.00. . Scats now • on ¦: sale " at the Box - Office
and " at Branch ,Tlcket Office, ' Emporium. ' "
,.-. -., . .. ", . -. -. j, r ..,;, v . ,. ;;
Phone South/633. '
MATINEE -TO-DAY,,PP T lCESil0c, 15c. 25c.
TO-NIGHT, Last " Pert crmancelof the ' Superb
: 'Production, the- Great;Irlsh~ Drama,"*"*-"-
COLLEEN MWN.
pnifrc EAenlnp8.r..".i.l0c,:i5c, 35c, nOo
tniWCO jjatlnees. ......... r....lOc,; 15c,' 25c
NEXT MONDAY— Mammoth Production of '
UNCLt^ TOM'S 'CABIN.;
The . mest gorgeous presentation 'ever seen , In
- ¦ "• ;-¦-. . this city.v - ¦. - -; :---t-? ~ ?¦ ¦ ¦¦
April ; 1— America's Trasredlan. ROBERT
¦>¦-;. -DOWNING. ' .
AJDV-_tTISE_IENTS.
SENT FREiTOEN! 7
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men,
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to AU Wno Write.
Free trUU packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly gTateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving: strength
and development Just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cees In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 228 EJektron buJldlne
Tort Wayne, Ind.. stating: that you desire
one of their free trial packages, will be
complied with promptly. The Institute Is
desirous of reaching that Rreat class of
xnen who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free sample will enable
them to see how eai»y it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed'
In a plain package, to that Its recipient
ne«»<1 have no fear of embarrassment «>r
puMlcity. Readers are requested to write
xrltnout delay. ¦
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for !
rale. Splendid chance for those about to j
form an oil company. JCEWTON. CAR-
MEN - SOMES <S. C MASON, agent) ,
101 Chronicle bide.. San Francleco. j
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT LAST TTIMF.
DE KOVEN and. SMITH'S Opera,
the HIGHWAYMAN
Together With the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER.
...TWO WEEKS ONLY...
to^orr^w MONDAY
FOR THE
FIRST TIME «£f|?
IN THIS CITY %
CHARLES FROHMAN Will Present
SUCCESS S §9L
By J. M. BARRIE,
Founded on his novel of the same name. ,
OLYMPIA c£££fl;s»
TOE ON'LT FREE VAUPEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITT.
THE KOEBBRS,
The World's Greatest Aeriallsts.
CLINTON MONTGOMERY
. And His Illustrated Songs. .
JACK SYMONDS,
Who • Knows ; How to Talk.
MABEL HUDSON,
(' The Elnglna: GlrV
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY...
AMATEUR NIGHT '> EVERY,: FRIDAY. ':. i
ADMISSION FREE. :
CHUTES;^ ZGO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
COMMENCING TO-DAX, ;
"Prof. Barnes Dog and Pony Shsw-
AL AN^_»L__I_iB^ -OTDEHSON, GEO I
AUSTIN ~k MOORE, /THE' KAL-
.VERN FAMILY, NEW MOVING
. PICTUBES.
LBAiTiviAY-
THE TALLEST WOMAN IN THE WORLD.'
. . Telephone ' for Seats, Park 23. ' ;
...$1.50 and $2.00 linen, collars for .75 '.cents
a dozen. We have bought a .Troy manu-
facturer's stock of collars, and will sell
them at 75 cents a dozen. They are sold
elsewhere for $1.50 and $2.00 a dozen. Ger-
son & Baer. 539 Market street. ' • • ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UNION SQUARE.
C3TY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StooHon Streets, San Francisco.
Tfeat and jaunty hats /or
misses and schoolyirls.
77} our n iny millinery in
yreat variety and to order
at one day's notice.
French flowers /or hats,
corsage and dress garnitures.
t 9??octerate SPrices.
jfcetjh'-' Class JVats
Appointed distributers, 0/
the stylish < Conneiiy . hats
and turbans.
Specially made hats- /or
tailored you/ns.
9/euf ideas in Caster hats
and .bonnets.
(Second
"
GlTY»f#i| PARIS
Dry Goods - s §i^|jfp Company.
TO KNOW
HER
f
\ Is to love her—
\ so 'say those «
\ who know the
V 'Queen of, Flyers,"
( the
f California Limited
) San Francisco
) to Chicago
y on the
SANTA FE
( Leaves San Francisco
( at 9:00 a. m. daily.
\CH/CACO I
. I" LESS tha p
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At JU_ A, fif.
Chicago, Union Pacific
Sr North-PVesUrn Line
T"\OU'BLE Dravrng-^pom S!**pmg
I J Cars, Buff/t, and Library
•*— S Cart, with barbrr. ui«mg Cart—
mtals a I* cari$. 'Daily . Tourist Car
Strvia and Personally CondutUd Ex-
cursions ntrv neek from San Franeitoo
at 6 p. m. Tht btst of tvtrvthmg.
It. It. HITCH IB
617 Market St. Oeneral JLg«M ractfi, Qxui
JPalaeo Hotel BAIT TMAXCHtCO
Santa Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leare Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
¦ Dally. Daily. Dally. DaUy.
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a »:0O a 8:00 p 4:10 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p l:17p 1:15 a
•• Fresno.. >:»p MS p 1:05 a _.
•• Hanford 4:22 p 1:J7 p 7:0« a ._.....
•• Vlsalia. . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a .........
"Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a...
" BksHeld «:50 p 6:» p 7:30 a ........
" Kan. Cty J:41 a 7:W » ....__
*•• Chicago ......... 3:15 p t:00 p ........
a (or morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Urn lttd.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakerefleld for accommodation of local
.first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
- responding, train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond.
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
.through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
tree Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakerafleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.'
Offices— 641 MarXet street and in Ferry
/Depot, S«n Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
Und. ¦¦>•{¦-
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VM SayMllto F*rry.
. Commencing September 30. 1300.
yoOM'SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VA_I_ST
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-*:55. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. nitf,
, »:15. 4:00. S:15. *8:15. «:40 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«S:00. •10:00. •_:» a. m.. 1OS.
1:15. »4:45. «:30. 4:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. •«:». 7:45. »:30 a, m..
•12:30." 1:45. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m. »
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. •8:00. »10:00. •_:« a. m..
•1:40. *2:li. 4:45, »«:30 p. ra.
Trains marked (•) i-tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:4i, 8:45. 7:S5. 9:30 a. m..
12:3.".. 1:10. 1:30. 4:34. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. »
SUNDAYS-8:06. 10:05 a.m.. 12:05, 2:15, 1:30.
K:00. C:45 p. m. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
«:f5 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way
¦stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. -
S :00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and 'way
stations. • " - :¦ *jf\ K.»*HiwqaiB>JlgwgBB> RHs_MH_BI
. ______________________
MOUNT f AMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SausaUtoFcrr-— Foot of Market St.
iv •»« rain. . an. s*n wn^m.
9:15a.m.) xcvvtr Tiiv« r 3.-00 p. v.
1:43p.u.V WEEK DAYS , tiZ&r.u.
4:u0p. m. j Stay over nlghtat the utirn 1 10:*J a.m.
8:00 a.m.) . ... .1' 1:00 p.m.
10:00 a. m. i StrNDAYS W«r.M.
1:15 r . m. J ;53«Sftj_®aP I 5:55 p. m!
¦ - ¦• Faie. Kan Franehco to Summit and Return. $1.40.
" Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., _ Sansallto Ferry. '
ft I I 1 fir These hotels pos-
I ALAUL sess the attributes
, that ; tourists and
'¦ fllm travelers appreciate
;.*•!•"' —central location,
'pnilin ¦ liberal m an a g e-
UllHIlU; ment, modern ap-
II ft TCI 0 ; P°' ntme ' nt5 and
ill) I tLOl P crfcc t cuisine, j
; - ¦¦¦ •• .¦--¦ -/;¦:.; American and Eu- 1
08II FrailCiSCO. ' ropean plans.
BAiLWAT TBAt_X. <
«^^>^-*^— — — --^^— — — -__«^><^— —^^^>><^^.-w^-f.-~ . .-„-, -,,- u -, ,^ ru -. rLfv1 . n^.
Folders Tell
All About Them.
Call at this office and ask the ticket agent for a
folder descriptive of the Burlington Overland
,. Excursions. It contains a map' of the United »
States, time tables, illustrations of the exterior and i
the interior of Burlington tourist sleeping can,- ass,
well as a great deal of information likely to i>e ci" *
value; to persons contemplating an eastern trip.
It's free, of course.
fWBSWil— — tf— Ml »The Burlington Ovcilind Excunions Icire Sin Tnnchca TursdiTi ;
jjJnnjfSifSfilj and Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Loul* — '
OUJUJjHy^ly EVERYWHERE East. \
JaS![|T||jl^ Ticket OfEce, 631 Market Street / :
|£_ltefc____H W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, San Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1901
28
tJLS mAJf CISCO CALL.
BLKLNESS OFFICE c." The San Franclsoo
_!. corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 p. m.
S00 Hayes etreet: open until S:!0 p. m.
C33 McAllister street ; open until 9: JO p. o.
€13 Lerkln etreet; open until »:S0 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
CM Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until (p. a ¦;, V. . ''-¦
106 Eleventh etreet: cpen until I p. m.
3096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-«ecorid and Ken-
fpokr rtrrT-: open ontll 9 p._m :
~ CHURCH SERVICES. _j
PTBST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness aye,
and Sacramento St.— Rev. R, Mackenzie.
D.D.. minister; Rev. William Kirk Outhrte,
associate minister. Servletlvat 11 a, m. by
Rev. Mr. Guthrle, and at 7:30 p. m. by Dr.
I>:ckey at Metropolitan Temple. Sunday
echool at 12:39 p. m. Y. PS, C. E., «:»
d m All are welcome. Music morning.
anthem. "O. Lord. I will Praise Thee"
<Oampbel!); offertory. "Kor All the fealnts
That From Their Labors rtegt." <Sh*lley).
"ALYARY Presbyterian Church, at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.-Rev. John
Hf-mphill. D.U.. pastor; Rev. Charles A.
r>lckey D.D., moderator of the General As-
eembly of the Presbyterian church, will
preach in the morning at U o'clock. Chris-
tian Endeavor praise service at 7 p. m. in
Metropolitan Temple. Fifth St.. near Market.
A mass meeting- of all Presbyterians -will be
beld at Metropolitan Temple In the evening
et 7 30 o'clock to hear Dr. EMckey. the chief
Blshcp of the Presbyterian church. Topic.
"The Twentieth Century Movement. ' No
reserved e-atts. Come early.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, corner Oak
and Baker ets.-«.SO a. m., Sabbath school.
11 _. ra.. sermon by the pastor, J. S. Thomas;
subject "The Real Emancipation of Life.
Vo services in the evening on account of mass
meeting at Metropolitan Temple to hear Dr.
IHckey of Philadelphia. J. S. Thomas, pastor.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southweet corner
O«>ary and Franklin . str. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
le at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at
11 o'clock and will be conducted by Rev.
Bradford Leavitt and Rev. Augustus M. Lord
of Providence, R. 1. Subject of sermon,
••Business as an Impulse to Right Conduct
end a Guide to True Religion." Mueie by
quartet choir. Mr. Leavltfa class meets Sat-
urday evening at 8 o'clock sharp. All are
cordially Invited. There is no evening service.
BEYOND Unite rian Church, -corner Capp and
Twentieth st*.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore. minis-
ter, residence £25 Capp st- Sunday school.
8 45 o'clock. Morning theme, "Wasted Iilos-
iom." Evening theme, "The Etory of Dr.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde."
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church en
Mission el. bet. fMxth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D. HutslnpUler will conduct worship and
preach at 11 o'clock on the topic. "Christian
Standards High and Clean," and at 7:30
p. m. on the topic. "What Ought We to
Believe About Heaven and Hell?' Robert
Lloyd and choir conduct the excellent music.
Seats are free and people welcome.
FIRST Cocgre national Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. theme, "A Burden of Responsibility."
At 7:21 P- »~.. theme, -"The Difference Be-
tween KnoTrlcg and Doing." All are cordially
invited. ;
FIRST Church cf Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Futter et.. between Kearny st. and
Or_nt ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. tn.; subject. "Reality." Sunday sthool
for children at the same hour. Wednesday
evening me*tin?y at £ o'clock. Froe reading-
room. 20i Kearny st.. room 519. All are wel-
o ome. •
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ.
Druids' Temr'.e. Fclsom End Fourteenth Ets.
Preaching 11 a. m.. by Juhn A. Saxe. Preach-
ing 7 SO p. m.. subject. "The Practical Ap-
plication of the Gospel In Character. Buildtn-.
for the Perfecting of the Saints," Eph. 4:12.
This church has no connection with "Mor-
xnonlBm." Headquarters at Lamonl. Iowa.
All wtlctme.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
ct£.— Mass meeting for men only to-day at 3
o'clock. Address en "Higher Values." by
Rev. Arthur IL Brigirs. Music by Knicker-
bocker Quartet. N'ext Friday evening, grand
gymnasium carnival at T. M. C. A. gymnasi-
um. Tickets now on sale at Association offlce.
PROF. KXOX lectures in Golden Gate Kail.
11 a m. on "Music in Mental Science"; also
8 p. m. en *TVho Are the Scientists?" Helen
Wllmans. Mary Baker. G. Eddy and others.
All Christian Science people are cordially in-
vlied to hear these lectures. Come early.
Feats free. Collection —rill be taken to de-
fray expenses. "
THE Thecscphlcal Society— Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Theo-
sophlo Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To-
night. "Theosophy anl Vegetarianism."
Golden Tha'.n Group at lHa. m.
" 3IEETIXGS SIXDAV.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KETRGAN* lectures this
evening on "The Blood and Its Relation to
Health and Disease." at Crystal Hall. Pyth-
ian Castle. 9C» Market St.. followed by elegant
views of a visit to Germany and ftussia.
Free tickets will be distributed for X-ray
exhibition next Tuesday evening. Seats
free.
THE FOSTERS, 3 and 8 p. m.. 305 Larkin
6t Occidental Hall. Lecture and tests at
8. *10c; materlall7..-tion. slate writing, tests
.and music at S, _ic. Bring your o*ti elates.
KATIE HEl'SSMAXN'S spiritual test meeting
to-r.ig-ht. ?93 Market. 10c; questions, flowers
read; circle Friday evening, 124 Russ st., off
Howard, near Sixth: sittings dally.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY: test meeting: ques-
tions answered: message*; sittings dally, SI.
11 G4 O'Farrell et., Ellis-st. car; admission 10c.
MRS. MAt'D LOUD r/HAKE at Pythian Caa-
tl». SOS Market — t. — Speaking and tests. Noted
speakers and mediums will atslst.
1IRS. STODDAItD. convincing test to all: cir-
cles. 10c. Sunday, Tuesday; reading- dally.
r~! *N-inth gt.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizing. materiallring
*eance. % p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush et., near
!>>aven worth.
JIME. TOfSG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister. 10c; come, skeptics.
ilRP. C. WEIIMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.—
Convincing test circle to-night 8 o'clock, 2Sc
A— DR. BINES' funeral •will be held at SOS
Market, at 12 m.; evening meeting at S. 10c.
SPIRIT tests to-night. 10c: readings to-day, 50c
& fl: spirit photos tl. Arnold Dlckson, 14S 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds eplrituaJ meeting every
nlpht t-xcept Sat.; 10c. 14S Sixth Ft.. 2d floor.
ATTnXD lime. Marquise's circle to-night at
r, *harp; 10c; every one gets tests. & Hyde et.
UIIS. EVANS. 120 Eixth. r. 16; circle to-night.
8. 10c: also to-morrow eve.; readings daily.
Mr?. Glllinpham, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; sealed quest. 305 Lark4n, cor. McAllister
JOHN* ELATER. test seance to-nighti 8:1a.
Lower hall, 117 Larkin St.; admission ISc.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1C10 Clay-Circle to-
nlght, ?; Tuosday. J p. m. : sittings daily.
Prof. Emerson —.111 lecture this 7:30 p. m. t Clar)
& Ward front office; hypnotism demon.; 10c.
ENDOLIA, psychic, card reader and healer
h/n!n< 12 m. to S p. m.; &0c. 429 Eddy st.
MRS. EBERHARDTS. _0 Kd et.-: convlncini
tefts to-nltfct, 10c; skeptics invited.
MtETI.VGM I'nlTercat Brotherhood,
-UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Organization em
Theosophlca! Society inon-polltlcal and un
sectarian) Lodare No. 7. —-ill hold lt« month
ly public meeting to-nlirht at Universa
Brctherhood Hall, 210 O'Karrell rt.. at
o'clock. Subject. "Master* and Miracles.'
Speakers Dr. Anderson and H. Leader. Musi
cal selections. All Invited.
XGS. ~~~
UBERTT Branch. S. 'D. P.. TO-NIGHT at
o'clock. Academy of Sciences Hall. 813 Mar
ket. Jas. F. Morton will speak; subject
"After Capitalism What?" Public invited.
MEETING XOTICES.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. rv _
O. F.— The cScers and the funeral \f
committee of the above named «nc— np- _r\
merit are hereby notified to assemble r
' at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market an
Seventh ets.. on SUNDAY. March 24, at
o'clock p. xn.. for M.e purpose of attendm
the funeral of our late brother and patiiarcl
WILLIAM BALKE. By order of the Chl«
ratrlarch.
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Scribe.
THE funeral con unlit*-* of Ger- ,ji*_«!tt»>fc
mar.ia Lodre No. 11*. I. O. O. F.. t_>NK
Is rerjurotf -A to meet SUNDAY.
March 24, at 1:30 p. ra.. at Odd
Fellows' Hall, to acconipany the remains <
cur late brother. W. BALKE. to their la
resting place. By order of the N. G.
E. ROTGER. Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.—
Initiation end f\p~uon of <5<>1«>-
pp.;.-* to th" Grand L^xis:- TO- ~"^>*%<
MORROW EVEN1N-. cMonrtjv). '
March 25. M. L. GROSSMAN. N. G.
ALK. VOLJGVT. Kreordlng Secretary.
SOCII3TE Francaise Je Ulcnfalsance Mutuel
< French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The a:
'nual meeting and election for the board
directors tnr the year 1901-1902 will be, he
SUNDAY. March 24, 1S01. at 1:30 o'clock
m., at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st. I
B.— No member shall be entitled to vote u:
lees provided with bis book In good - tandin
Kor the committee. -
A. JACQUEMART. Secretary.
MEETIXG XOTICES — Conttnoed. :
THE members of the S. .F. Longshoreman's
Protective Association are requested to meet
SUNDAY. March 24, at 12 m. at the under-
taking parlors of McAvoy & Co, 1239 Market
Pt., to accompany the remains of our late
brother. P. McGrary. to his last resting place.
KXUT BERGENDAHL. Rec. Sec. .
THE Riggers' 'and Stevedores' Union Associa-
tion will meet MONDAY EVENING. March
25. at Fraternity Hall, Shiels building, 22
OTarrell St.. at 7:30 o'clock.
A. CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec. ¦ . .'
ANNUAL Meeting— Tbe annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at tbe offlce of - the
company. 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal..
on MONDAY, the 25th day of March. 1901,
at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for
tbe ensuing year and tbe transaction of
ruch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer book* will close on Fri-
day. March 15. 1S01. at II m.»
W. H. HANNAM. Becr-tary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Energetic agents can establish them-
selves in splendid paying bualnesn selling la-
test Improved gasoline gas lamps; no mantle
or chimney; generate and light with single
match; also gravity and 1000 candle-power arc
lamps; positively low«st prices; $1000 in prem-
iums to best agents for 1901. American Light-
ing Co., Chicago.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently renibvinjr superfluous hair: will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most dellcat«
ckln; personal demonstrations free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. agcy., 426 Ellis.
GENTLEMEN and ladles accustomed to pre-
p'-ntir.sr financial matters to business men
wanted as afrents; straight, .square proposi-
tion and firood commission. For particulars
address box 2S1S, Call offlce.
ENERGETIC book canvassers and solicitors
for every city and county on the coast;
many new books now ready: best terms ever
offered. The J. DEWING CO.. Flood build-
Ing, £an Francisco. •
AGKKT.*— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to poll than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS— Sell household necessity for $1; cost
32U.C. C. JOHNSON. 192 7th St.; hours 10 to 12.
A NO. 1 SOLICITOR; lady or gentleman; big
inducements. Box 2615, Call office.
EXI'ERIKXCEP Insurance ngents. Call at
i«om 101. 997 Market et.. corner Sixth.
WANTED— Aper.ts in ea<>h city; good mon«y.
Pacific CctrX M. <r L. Co.. <fO Sth. Oakland.
ASP1I.VLTIM ItOOKl.VG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ralr^d: portal. 11S6 Mission: trt. Folsom 1607.
I ASTROLOGY.
Scientific teacher of astrology; horoscopes com-
plete.SOc &n. Mrs. Dr. Smith. 1007^4 Market.r.12.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KINO. 927 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
J — Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
' collections; oil cases; fair fees: no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
AD .ICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
-no fee without success: collections. Q. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. MCKNIGHT, collections; damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. 192 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
: V. r . DAVIDSON. 327 Market St.. opp. Mason.
! L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
• kPt ft.: oonpuiutlon free: no fees in advance*.
DATH CABIXKTS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara, Per-
ferticn and others. Arencv. 426 Ellia St.. S. F.
BOARDING KOlt CHILDHU.X.
I --..—. , -—
1 WANTED— 1 or 2 children to care for; best of
I care; large sunny yard: terms reasonable.
| 443 Elizabeth St., near Noe.
i GERMAN lady would like children to board;
1 good home; room for parent. 439 Minna st.
GOOD home, private schooling, music; terms,
: ?15 a month. Box 2564. Call office.
BUSINESS CIIA.\CE9.
j _^^^ ,,_,«^^..-.
' PARTNER wanted: general merchandise store,
ne_r San F*ranc!sco; monthly business $2000;
' large stock; roan must be experienced and
have VMO.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD,
$17 Market St., opposite Mason.
Phone Mint 1911. -
| STEAM laundry In a thriving country town;
paying business; veil equipped; the ideal for
ecme one; price and terms reasonable.
C. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 MarXet st., opposite Mason.
HOTELS— I have 3 Kood hotels; furniture for
sale; low rent; hotel men call early and In-
vestigate.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market et., opposite Mason.
i A DRUG STORE.
Dally Sales Averase $73.
Will cell stock and store complete.
Or will sell prescription books.
Fine fixtures and good will.
Situated in center of San Francisco.
On the very best bueinesu corner.
Established many years.
Thorough Investigation solicited.
M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market St.. by Call bldg.
I """ ~~~ .
I AN INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT.
If you have, from $10CO up to Invest you can
i secure 10-year 6 per cent first mortgage gold
I bonds at par and a bonus of a like amount
of common stock in a manufacturing enter-
i prise producing a staple commodity; the
! shares will pay over 10 per cent per annum
in dividends after one year; money wanted
tor building plant. Box 2601. Call offlce.
! KEEP YOUR EYE ON ALASKA.
People who cannot co themselves may have
I the opportunity of safely investing in an
A No. 1 secured business, operating a pipe
line supplying water (always profitable) to
hundreds of miners, as well as for the de-
velopment of the company's own rich -placer
properties. For Information please call or
write to H. L. VAN WINKLE, 803 Call bldg.,
San Fi anclsco.
• WOOD and coal yard for sale, belonging to the
1 estate of Ralph Mclntyre. 1138 McAllister St.,"
near Fillmore; large coal wagon, delivery
wagon, buggy, harness. 3 horses, scales, sheds
: and Improvements; doing a good business.
Bids will be received up to 4 o'clock. Tuesday.
' March 26. at the office of P. BOLAND, Public
Administrator. 223 Montgomery st. ¦
NOTICE to OIL PROMOTERS
A party with a good proposition wishes to
confer with first-class men in reference to
handling a large body of oil land; must be
done quickly. Address txix 2553, Call office.
$K0— WANTED, an active and reliable man at
partner in carriage and blacksmlthlng busi-
ness (combined); new partner to be a good
blacksmith; party muft give references;
splendid opportunity to right party. ALDE2S
CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland. _^
c 100 CIGAR stands, .200 groceries and bars.
JflO candy and icecream stores, 600 restaurants.
; 900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with flOO up can bo suited. '
WALTER KATES & CO.. 838 Market St.
FOR eale — A flne business; SSOO cash Income pel
¦ memh; can be largely increased; out and In-
door business: will bear the closest lnvestlga-
' tion; price, $3000; $1000 can remain on tlm«
. to suit purchaser. Address or call at 45!
1 Seventh st., opp. Broadway station, Oakland,
I HENRY Z. JONES, landowner.
1 FOR sale — Country hotel and bar at railroad de
8 pot. Alameda Co.: convenient to this city
' ' completely furnlRhed; all Al condition; Inves
tlgate this. H. H. CRANE, 508 California st.
- WANTED— 6aloon man with little capital t
open way bouse and picnic ground on good lo
, cation. Particular- at 464 Ninth St., Oakland
g Cal. P. H. FELLETY, RealEstate Agent.
''. A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer; li
*• manufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALI
INVESTMENT CO.. £50 Market St.
EXTRA choice corner for rent for cash grocer
" store. LAYMANCE. 460 Eighth St.. Oakland
¦ LIVERY stable: one of the best; showing ne
Income $U>0 monthly; flne location; Ion,
t lease; low rent; rtock and fitting strictly u
A to date. M. F. THOMPSON, box 2431. Call
* A— $600; RESTAURANT; no better location I:
• the city; this Is positively worth over $100<
,; but it must go immediately. Business Boar
of Trade, 226 Pine st. ; phone Davis 826.
$75 PER month guaranteed to an active ma
~ who will buy half-interest in one of the be»
r general merchandise stores on the coast; hall
5 hour from S. F. Box 2408, Call office.-
¦ FOR sale or exchange for city property on ac
¦>' count of poor health, stock and fixtures c
¦t a long-established business. ¦ Address bo
-ftp. Call offlce.
— $:00— PARTNER wanted: light business; mui
be satisfied with $18 to $25 a week; no exp«
£ rience required; trial given. 25 Geary, .rm. :
PARTNER wanted— Established wine an
liquor business; one well acquainted - In * th
city; email capital. Address box 2567. Call.
STORE for eale; notions, candy and groceriej
a . large living rooms; rent $14. Call 1525 Howar
0 { st.; no agents. ¦ , . .
Jj 1 PRINTING — Tor sale, a good plant in heart <
5* city; reasonable terms. Address box - 254
v Call office.
n- -
g. PARTNER wanted on poultry farm. • For pa;
ticulars address G. C. GALLAGHER, Napi
Cal. -• .....
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Contlnned..,
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill. > timber ¦ lands, yards, i lum-
ber stock, - donkey ¦ engine, horse * teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER, Nevada City, Cal. ,
¦ - _____ '. , ¦ 6k
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. ' Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office. ., ' '
WANTED — Partner In dressmaking with
money ; experience unnecessary. -Box 2660. Call.
DRUG store. J400; great bargain; three days
only; death cause of sale. 136 Powell st.
MAN with J300 to join advertlfser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433, Cal L •
WELL-ESTB. restaurant on a cross street ; no
reasonable offer refused. Box 256S. Call. '
CANDY route, wagon and ptor.e for sale cheap.
2602 Mission St., near Twenty-second. -
RESTAURANT for sale: doing good business;
rent cheap. 506 Howard St.. near. First.
FOR sale— Grocery, notion, Bakery; reasonable;
leaving city. 2950 Twenty-third et.
KIRST-CLASS tailor business for sale at a
bargain. Box 2623. Call offlce. - ¦¦ . ¦-_>,
FOR rent-Hotel In San Miguel, Cal. WM.
VON VOSS. 520 Lyon st
FOR sale— Saloon on acconut of departure. 429
Bush Bt. - "
A CHANCE to secure that fine large store
now building at 313 O'Farrell Bt., near Ma-
son. Apply 15 Grant ave. • -
HOTEL dining-room to rent, furnished ; cen-
tral location; good house; rent in board. Ar-
lington Hotel, Ninth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. Cal. . '¦ -
RESTAURANT in good location' for sale cheap;
rent ?12- owner going to Europe. Apply box
2C29, Call office^ ¦
SALOON, corner grocery and general merchan-
dise* horse and wagron; owner leaving coast.
139 Hearst ave.. Sunnyslde. Price »500.
3175-BARGAIN for *175; restaurant for sale.
Including 4 rooms, furnished, on account !ot
glcknees: rent $16. Addreas 275 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and liquor store^ cheap
at $2000; must be sold; owner going East; no
agents. Box 2438. Call.
AN old-established fruit, fish and delicacies
etore. Address C. M. W.. Vallejo. Cal.
KO CAPlTAL~wins $100 per week at race9. In-
formatlon LYONS. S21 Market St.. room 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply Business office. ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR BALE.
"a r.rr."i.'.?7..\7.]- : - '—'*¦-
'.'.'.. .MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan.....
719 Market st.. by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
lft rooms; transient; oak furniture, fine
tapestry carpets; cer.tral: rent JaO J70C
14 rooms; one floor; brick; nice; sunny.. 6oO
21 rooms; snap; housekeeping; rent J40; _
clears J55; on principal street i -*<»
13 rooms; rent $30; clears $40: leaving city; _
full; wool mattresses; oak furniture... 500
14 rooms: fashionable boarding-house; in-
come $278; sunny, clean and nice low
20 rooms; clean; elegant; central; tran.. 11M
16 rooms; Bee this house before buying.. lOw
42 rooms; a fine buslritss proposition; all
¦ offices; clears $200 a month • 3iw
18 rooms; 2 houses of 6 flats, furnished
for housekeeping; fine; steady roomers. 1Z(X
65 rooina. fine corner; downtown; bargain. 3ioO
10 rooms; on Sutter. near big hotels; new
furniture: cost $1400; very flne.. 1MK
24 rooms; 8 offices pay all of the rent.... low
10 rooms; fine; Leavenworth St.; rent $50. 6oO
15 rooms: money-maker: steady roomers.. 900
Several city hotels: first and second class.
16 ROOMS; corner; flne for transient $1000
32-room house; clears $200 lw
10 rooms on Eddy st.. near Market BW
14 rooms on Third st.. near Market |5<
14 rooms on Mission st BoO
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $.150 -• J00O
24 rooms north of Market; clears $200 20(X
27 rooms; Just furnished; very fine 2S<X
24 rooms on Geary St.: clears $133 190(
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
85-room houee; clears $S0O - €000
SO-room boarding house: clears $600 6W0
8-room flat; sunny side ™
6-room flat; very good SZ5
4 vacant houses to rent.
tOO other houses.. 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
$20,000; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.^
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796. •
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List your house, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract., DECKER,
1020 Marketst., opp. Fifth; phone Mint 7B6.
MRS. A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market it. and S Stockton st., rooms 21.
22. 23, i>hor.e Bush 328. f "
If you wish to buy or sell rooming-houses
or business chances call and Bee large list
of bar.alne. Partial list below.
33 rooms— Ellis St.; rent $150; good per-
manent and transient house; flne carpets, fur-
niture and hair -mattresses; price $3500; flne
location. _...
26 rooms— Golden Gate cor.; rent $100; price
$1660; apartment house; rooms light, sunny;
carpets and furnltur* good condition. • __
9 rooms— O'Farrell et.; rent $35; price $700:
carpets and furniture new; good location; all
rented. _ „ '-
24 rooms— Fifth St.. corner; rent $57 50: fur-
niture hard wood; pays $70 per month over
expenses. ...
16 rooms on Howard st.; rent $50;, clears $40.
8 rooms on Fo!som it.', rent $15; price $275.
iniblic stenographer; inventories and legal
papers written at • reasonable rates.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms sunny corner, good condition.... looo
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments • & 00
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
SELECT your house from largest list in town.
9 rooms; elegant: must sell..... '...$450
11 rooms; Golden Gate: cheap rent 4S0
£0 rooms; newly furnished; only 325
3S rooms: a big money-maker 900
116 rooms; a flne, modern house; easy . pay-
ments. Hundreds to c!ioose from. Also board-
ing-houses. See our special bargain list be-
fore buying. Walter Hayes & Co., 83S Market.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms: Jones St.; part cash $850
20 rooms; rent $80; onlv 'inn
25 rooms; corner; rent $90.. 1159
'• 36 rooms; rent $50 (lease) 1723
60 rooms: rent $100; central 2500
"WIN STON St WOLF. 1028 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer: this offlce is licensed;
I am established since, 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
* G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911.
i Rooms 1. 2. No. 817 Market st.. opp. Mawon.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.: tel. Jessie 1599.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
t 16 rooms: Hyde; very finely furnished..... 600
20 rooms: rent $30; location desirable..... 900
I . If a bargain we have them at any price,
I north or south of Market ct.
$2T.OO— AN elesant private boarding and loflir-
lng house, 36 rooms; Insured for $3000; fully
furnished; nearly new; 35 regular table
boarders: a flne paying Investment. GEO.
W. AUSTIN St CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them in any part of the city and' at
r any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28
' Sixth st. ..*•¦,¦¦-.
', 19 WELL furnished rooms on Sixth st, neat
: Howard: always full; terms: $760 for cash,
* $500, balance time on mortgage; going Alas-
ka. Box 2524, Call of flee. ........ .
" $400— LODGING-HOTTSE: north of Market st.;
! bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
- FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nlc«
home: rent $25." 1614 Push (!¦¦'. '
- SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy I Prince lies-
- ter, whose free tests, calling your name, th«
j name of the one you love and the name of th<
one you will marry; the: only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that h<
y will Klve - every person who comes preparec
I '«.• wonderful free test. Call or write, wltt
- stamps for answers. 1382 Market st, op. 7th
g AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, th<
p world-renowned spiritual medium; advice li
I all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths
- unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
ri cles Sun., 1 Wed.,^Frl. eve.; letters ; answered
). Resld.(no signs). 613 Eddy, bet. Hyde. Larkin
d A— MRS." J. J. WHITNEY, trance, buslnesi
_ medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit
n tings. $1.. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis. car
r DR. Mansey, Eastern occult scientist and Hin
doo palmist; names given. I 7th, cor. Market
~ MKS. LESTER— Readings 50c; circles every ev
-Z ex. Sat., 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk
x MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, can
. reader and healer. 146 Eddy st. ... ,
»t FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.J
!- Meyer; sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c
- MRS. ' LOUISE 8. DREW, , Psychic, Electri
id ' and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305. Larkin st
ie ¦ " ._______, | „,
_, CliAIItVOYASiTS. ;
i; ¦¦¦ J ... ,. ¦..,.... .¦¦...,¦¦.¦..-¦-..* — --,.¦"¦.--.*¦¦.., ¦».. ¦¦.,"¦
d MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc
* -medium. Is permanently located at. 1206 Mar
- ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms J
I" and 26; take elevator. Perfect eatlsfactlo
s - guaranteed by . mall;' send stamp for.: para
_ phlet with special terms. /Dally and Sunday
r- ISMAR. the * Egyptian ¦ gypsy, ; clairvoyant ! an
a, palmist, permanently located 1148 . Market, ¦; of
' Cth; private reading* dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. va
V:.vj CLAmVOYANTS~-Contln-cd. _'._
ISMAR THE GYPSY. ,
• ISMAR/ the Egyptian Gypey,. draws aside the
uncertain yeara ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
Bight Into the : future. If you .are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, - unhappy - or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come: a 'proverb" In : thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5, p. m., Sun-
days by ., appointment only, at her offlce, 1148
Market st., opp.- Sixth. ; By mail ' three ques-
tions answered. $1. Full life reading. <5. ' '
MME. SANDERS, 1130 Market St.. the world's
greatest clairvoyant; ten questions answered
for |i; Od* man asked her ten questions
; and madfe $1000; another sold 3000 shares of
oil stock"; another sold a hotel; another got
a $1500 position; a mother found a. lost daugh-
ter; a -widow married a rich lawyer. I can
answer any question; I tell you what to do
for a living; name the winning horses: give
lucky numbers; unite the separated; find lost
property; reveal your enemies; teach mind
vibration, so that . you can reach persons
hundreds of miles awayr lead your hands,
face, head and innermost thoughts. Call or
enclose lock of • hair and stamped envelope.
Mediums developed.
MME. -I. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st.. next "Examiner bldg.
Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals, the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
bappy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life: 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the great-
est Egyptian secret; shows picture of future
husband or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215^ Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. 11 B0. 12C Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
sults. 26',4 Kearny. r. 6, 6; hra 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader. 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER,. clairvoyant, card reader.
sittings dally. <48H Jessie St.. bet. 5th & 8th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. IAROSB, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25e up. 472 Stevenson Bt.,cor.6th.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25a up. 5 Fourth et.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pa cea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. M.
STEVEN'S, mgr.. 38-40 8th Bt.: tel. South. -50.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid 'at 6c.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth fit: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL* Carpet-Beating and . Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth at.; tel. Mission 74.
DVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WAT_-COM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating -Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone Kast 126. ,
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS.* bunlonp, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
'
OEORGE W. KELLT'S Agency— No charge un-
legB successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
j COTTAGES^ TOILET. ; _ \
TO let— Nice 5-room cottage: reasonable rent.
Thirty-second and Railroad aves.. S. S. F.
3 BROAD'S place, off Bu»h. between Hyde and
Larkin — Sunny cottage of 5 rooms; water free.
~~ COUNTRY COTTAGES.
TO rent— Cottage -and lots bearing fruit trees,
etc.; suitable for chickens or rabbltry; near
Han Leandro car line; rent very reasonable!
to right party; also furnished cottage at Ben
! Lomond. For further particulars Inquire at
MISS PREDMORE'S. 1304 Webster St.. Oakld.
COTTAGES FUR SALE.
FOR . sale . cheap-rNlce bay-window : cottage. .7
Chenery «t.. near , Thirtieth. " " -•
DENTISTS.
AT the^ELinCT^-'DENTAL^LfNlcTloTMai^
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, (4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Bundays. 9 to 2
. p.m. J....W.-. THATCHER,, -.. D,. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns.' plates, bridges
and fillings : extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, S3 50; fillings.
COc; plates. $5: full set; all work- painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental ¦ Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUjThTll. 1443 MarketTnrrEleventh
-j-No charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $3 per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 963
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and brides: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, EOc.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
' air;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental . Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary. nr.Larkin-Paln-
lcsa extraction &0c; plates J5 up;phone Polkll3S.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg. j
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without - plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. , 1341 Polk et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia St. ...... . : '
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pngps. In wrapper, for mailing.' $1 per year.
DIIKSSMAKKKS AND SBA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL. Dressmaking . and ' Millinery
School— Special class rates; patterns cut to
order. 1019 Market st. ¦ :
ACCORDEON pleating :* country orders prompt
attention. '-' 121 Poet, over O'Connor St Moffatt.
'^EDUCATIONAL.- ¦
A^rRTsS^B^l^s^one^
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, ln-
cludfng the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; ,'. positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert P.
¦ Gallagher, expert pourt reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $."0; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
8. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English ' branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, - etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
ART—Lessons In drawing and I fire j etching
* burnt wood and leather souvenirs and hom<
decorations for sale at 672 McAllister at., bet
Van Ness and • Franklin. ' Olivia ¦ Klngsland
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited prepare tor j
school ; for the ¦ university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or an>
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . '
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract an<!
¦ can therefore with confidence guarantee poal-
tlons to all its graduates. 805 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec..minlng,mech.,sur-
. vey, aFsay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Var
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton; nr. City Hall
A FULL course in Ellis bookkeeping 'and th'
Gregg shorthand costs only 160. San Fnuv
Cisco Business College. 1236 Market St. .-¦¦'
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; buslnesi
college : graduates; bookkeeping: figures: shor
time. TARR.:exp. . acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER ! i College. .-, shorthand - an<
typing, removed ' to : new quarters," rms. 40-45
bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue
IF you wUh ; to : master Spanish, ¦-. English o
German you must engage a competent teach
er. Try at 204 Sutt»r st. ¦>*.:. . . "
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFIllppe'sAcadem:
of Languages.320Post:estab'd 1871;ab'est profi
SUPERIOR violin," ilther, guitar; banjo,' man
dolln lesBons, B0c.»W."; P. Chambers, 244 Tayloi
PIANO, guitar, mandolin.'* BOc;' piano: for prac
tlce.- MAItY. P. WESTHAU8, 39 Fifth St.;
PROF.- MERKI,: from Paris; violin, mandolin
guitar; experienced. ., 1008 - Mission st. . < . £? ;y
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve.; tS mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th
FENN'S : private '; school ; .•' English.-, shorthand
.: typing, bookkeeping, etc. 1304;Plne-st. ;
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S .DAT- an
ILLUS1 RATION— night ¦ class. 424 Pine , st. -, :
, ' EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment ; Office - and House-
cleaning Co.. .best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter.- nr. Polk; tel. Larklfl 2391
JAPANESE and Chinese help of air Kinds;
cooks, waiters and house -servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
AB C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. B44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning Sc employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East -03.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ot-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help/ 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce—
Best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42«.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -FEMALE.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion as nurse for children In a nice family;
understands care of Infant; would go to
Santa Cruz, San Rafael or Del Monte. Call
or address MRS. I. N. HAMLIN. 172 Llix-
A WIDOW and daughter/ (16) will take whole
charge of housework; cooking, waitress,
washing, etc. ; San Francisco first-class ref
erenc^s. 1S15 Baker st. :. . - . .
A GIRL 18 years old would like to learn dress-
making; good home in return for sewing;
some pay after first month. Write to MISS
M. HARPER. Shellvllle. Cal.
RESPECTABLE German lady, good cook,
wishes position as housekeeper, city or coun-
try. Call C8-76 Ellis at., room 53. between 1
and 3 o'clock.
DRESSMAKER with references: engagements
by the day; fancy and tailor dresses special-
ty. 10 Metcalf place, oft Geary at., near
Mason. ¦ _^^^
A HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted: mid-
dle-aged American woman; lodging-house or
any dace; a good worker; would be appre-
ciated; no triflers. Call or address 404 Turk
St., room 32. . ¦
YOUNG married lady would exchange light
work for two housekeeping rooms; referencei
exchanged. - Address box 25C2, Call offlce.
SITUATION to do general housework in city;
wanes $20; give address I will call. Box 25,
Call officer , ,
SALESLADY wishes position in first-class
cloak and suit house; competent to take full
charge of department. Addreas box 2550. Call.
AN American woman wishes washing and iron-
ing by the day. $1 26 a day. Apply MRS.
CARY. 767 Folsom st.
RELIABLE woman I wishes position as cook
in country boarding-house. Address box 2555,
Call offlce. - --
¦WANTED— House during - absence of owners;
very good care; two reliable, respectable la-
dles ; . wages ; references. I Box 2562, Call.
PROTESTANT ' woman wishes ! general house-
work; neat housekeeper: Bteady place; refer-
ences. Call' 782 Harrison St.. near Fourth.
A LADY desires room mate; a worker on
gentlemen's sewing preferred. Address M.,
1641 Mlaalon st. - . v *
POSITION wanted by German lady aa lady's
maid or take care of children and sewing;
best references. Call or address 2032 Stelner.
MILLINER, late with Caswell: out by day:
hata trimmed 50c. Bill McAllister st.
NURSE would like the care of a lady or gen-
tleman invalid. SARAH. COLL, Fruitvale.
TWO young girls wish positions to do up-
¦ stairs work. Apply 156 Second at.
A DRESSMAKER'S help would like sewing 2
or 3 days a week. Address box 25&3. Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse -would like a few more
engagements; doctor references. 120 Fell st.
WOMAN wishes washing by the day or would
take It home. 157 Fourth St.. door to left.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Call 1122 Rhode Island, near 23d.
A COMPETENT German woman wants work
by the day washing and ironing: Western
Addition only; no pojtals. 1203 Vallejo et.
WANTED— By elderly American woman, light
housework; good plain cook. Address 703
Twenty-seventh St., Oakland.
COMPETENT Japanes* girl wants a position
to do general housework in family. Box
2544, Call Offlce. " ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to II 60 per night; tl BO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CI ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Ca'.l branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia >t. -•- ¦ * - ¦¦'¦'¦
EMPLO Y ME NT WAIITBD— MALE^
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where ! a
good, steady, reliable man Is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
er; willing to make himself useful In any
capacity; gcod references. Address box 1454,
Call offlce. ' -
'YOUNG man wants situation as porter in hotel
or Institution or private place for house or
garden work; handy with tools; good refer-
ences. R. KESSEL, E25 Kearny st.
COACHMAN desires a situation; thoroughly
understands his business -In all Its branches.
As to references and qualifications address
¦ C. S.. 2116 Point Loboa ave.
RELIABLE man,' thoroughly understands In-
cubators; also good horseman; wages 125.
Address box 2407. Call offlce.
STRONG young man. married, wishes work
In store or factory where he can make him-
self generally useful. Box 2549, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by. single, eober. reliable
coachman for good private place; willing,
obliging- speaks German: references. Box
2619. Call offlce. ' - •
STEADY, sober young man, 23, would like work
of any kind; not acquainted in city. Address
box 2539. Call offlce.
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
general offlce work; good at figures; city or
country; moderate salary. Box 25S2. Call.
GARDENER, good florist and propagator,
wants situation; private place or hotel. Box
2565. Call offlce. •
RESPECTABLE young man wants position In
wholesale house; good references. Box 2563.
Call offlce. _____
MARKER and distributer wishes steady posi-
tion; best of references; Oakland preferred.
Box 22C8. Call offlce. Oakland.
BY an experienced : coachman . and gardener;
country preferred: "first-class Eastern and
California references, both branches. Box
2543. Call office.
YOUNG man stenographer, 2 years' Govern-
ment experience, wants position by April 1;
state particulars. Box 2545, Call office. I .
WANTED— By young man, place on fruit farm
or ranch for his health; healthy locality,
' Box 2540. Call offlce. , •
STRONG young man, speaks French, wants
situation of some kind. 42 Grady st., neat
Market and Twelfth.
COLORED man and wife wish situations ir
the country • as cooks. Box 2626. < Call office.
WANTED— Position -as manager; 15 years' ex-
perience; highest references. Box 2557. Call.
WANTED— By a retiring hotel-keeper, aged
- 40, • a situation as Interpreter In a hotel . or
the Pacific Coast: speaks all languages; best
of references.' Sterling, care U. S. Consulate,
Shanghai. ....
BARKEEPER desires position; best of refer-
ences. Address G. B.. 610 Geary at., tel
Larkin '1705.- ¦. ¦ - : -.:-¦-.-.¦.- , , .- -
A COOK wants a situation - for the country:
i understands baking, bread. 1301 Santa Clan
' ave.. AJameda. ¦ ' ' ¦
SALESMAN. 25, commanding German. Frencl-
and English, , traveled 12 years calling or
paint, drug and manufacturing trade, wanti
position with mercantile or manufacturing
concern only; highest credentials. Box 2505,
Call offlce.
BARBER,. first class, wants steady Job In first
class country shop. Address box 2E25. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription:
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
-/| A BRANCH'offlce for Call advertisements and
1 subscriptions has . been established at 103i
1 Valencia st. . - ' : : ' '• "
, ¦ 1
FEATHER PILLOWS.
s HOTELS and private parties f wishing to hav<
t their feather pillows cleaned and renovate<
by the latest sanitary process may addresi
_ ;pir>T~VP -.»n"ORV. J44 : S»—r»n»o- st.
i ¦ '
;;" :> : " . : financial.". ' " :
r FOR INVESTORS!!! .
- I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and Income city property; gilt
* edge bond* and stocks of gas, railroad an
*. industrial .' corporations ; money ? to - loan ; In
'• ..vestments made;, bank references; correspond
|i -> ence solicited. • ___••.;¦-,¦...
. T. OTWAY BADLEIR,
Z '" . Room 40, 310 Pine. st.,
i- " ¦ ; •: .-¦; ¦¦¦¦"•-, San Franclnco.
- • ¦ FLATS WANTED.
5 WANTED^Nicely^f urnished * flat ' or^smaiTcot
r. ¦ tage - north • Market ' st. ; ., sunny; responslbl
>• ;. young couple ' only. : Box . 2526, , Call office.
It H OU8E i or flat* - S "¦ or . « rooms ; i not over $2C
' modern improvements. , 635 Castro st. :
d -WANTED — Sunny flat .. : or cottage of t on
¦ -; .: rooms ; rent : f 15. «' Address box B, 300 Hayes
B__TS .TO >% _iET. _____ .
A—sm "SIXTEENTH. ne—^Market— 1 _room_ 3
and ba-nfnorlh side: with pretty garden.
A-S0 DAYS free; clean 6-room: reduced to $3.
280 Tehama, »t, near Third.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat for rent; furni-
ture for sale. 1048 Ellis St.
MIDDLE flat of 8 rooms, bath and yard. l«50
Hayes at., near Panhandle. -
NEW flat of 5 rooms and bath: rent $20. Cor:
Thirteenth and Wood— ard ave. -
SACRAMENTO. lttl-FlaV of » rooma; a«P-
arate entrance; rent $12 SO.
SUNNY 7 rooms and bath; » n ** d -" a ° 1 t — *
plumbing; moderate rent. »37 "Hayes St.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms; rear of 115 Leaven-
' worth st.
TO let— Sunny upper flat, four rooms and batn.
19 Julian ave. "
3 ELEGANT new flats on Church at. near Mla-
slon High School.
7 SUNNY room flat, bath: allmodern. Corner
18th and Howard rts.; rent $27 60.
$1*— NEWLY renovated flat of 8 rooms. 623
- Minna St. -
$15-MODKRN flat of 7 light sunny rooms,
yard. 1719 Greenwich; Union or Fillmore cars.
$25— THIRD flat; sunny, 6 rooms and bath.
4159 T— entieth St.. near Castro.
$27 50-FINE 8-room flat; 204B Valencia. Apply
G. W. PATTERSON, 11 City Hall aquare.
VLATS TO LET— FURSISH3D.
A NEW flat; new furniture; sunny all aides:
rent reasonable; going East. WILLIAM
BUTTERFIELD. room 42. Phelan building.
A NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
corner Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.: rent rea-
sonable; references. 1804 Fifteenth at.
FURNISHED flat of « rooms; modern con-
veniences. Address P. O. box 96. Sausallto.
NEWLY furnished flat for rent or furniture
for sale. 324 Ellis st.
NICELY furnished lower flat for rent; a rooms
and bath. Box 2432. Call office.
. FUIl.MTUn_ FOR SAL—.
SNAP— Elegant furniture of sunny upper new ¦
flat. 6 rooms, bath- and gas fireplace; flne lo-
cation: rent $20: only used 3 months. C. D.
PARISH. 1033 Market et. '
OR sala — 8-room furniture cheap. 649 Sacra-
mento gt. ' :
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S B0, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vtncent.1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694:
' furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
IP you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co, 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture t«L~ol«om
2243 New Enterprise Furn. store. Ill* Mission.
TO receive hljhest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. eee W.ECody, 757 Mission; tel. Red .3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
CHEAPEST and be»t in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in ths
United States or Canada cne year for.$l.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, springs J20 and fare paid
Waitress. Celuea {20 and fare paid
Waitress, short distance S23
Waitress, Menlo Park $20
* Waitress. Redwood City $20
¦Waitress, eating-hou&e ...$23. free fare
10 waitresses, city — 120
2 waitresses, restaur-.nt.*5 50, no Sunday work
2 lunch waitresses, ao Sunday work 50c
Chambermaid. light work $20
2 chambermaids to wait, city S20
Scrubber, store. 8 to 6 SI a day
Scrubber, Institution - $20
Scrubber, restaurant $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, German style. 2 in family iSi
German cook *3O
Infant's nurse HO
2 girls, light place, together $1* to $18
House girl, Alameda $20
5 second girls - . $20
50 bouse girl-, city and country $10 to $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Qeary st.
WANTED— The employing public to call at
1073H Market st.. Pacific Coast Employment
Agency, for reliable help. Do you want a
good servant, cook, chambermaid, nurse, gor-
erness, amanuensis; housekeeper, maid, maid
of all work, reader, coachman, gardener, farm
hand, special help? We will furnish you with
help. Call to-day, register your want. We
furnish reliable help; ring us up; tel. How-
ard 1626; call or write. 1073% Market. S. F.
3 NEAT young ladles for retail store; no ex-
perience necessary ; $1 day. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. S3S Geary St.
WANTED— Cocks and houseglrla, $30 and $25;
Protestant nurse, 3 children, $30. CATTELL'S. |
625 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Wrinkled old lady to act as dem-
onstrator: good wages. San Francisco branch
office of New York Dermatological Institute.
Glasgow building, rooms 20-21 (105 Ellis St.).
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladies' tailor suits;
competent help only; good wages. Call Sun-
day between 9 and 12 a. m.. S. KRAMER.
220 Powell s^
CAPABLE lady or gentleman for permanent
traveling position; Pacific Coast; salary $1000
yearly, expenses and commission extra. Box
2405. Call office. . , -
WANTED — A refined, cheerful young lady as
companion and to assist In care of infant;
good home; duties explained on interview.
Box 2205. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Button sewers on shirts.* LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont St.; apply
to Mr. Hindshaw.
20 USHERS for Christian Ho-pltal benefit; call
to-morrow: remuneration. Hoover Unl-erslty
Physical Culture.
GIRL; general housework and plain cooking.
Call this afternoon at 134 Hayes at.
EXAMINERS wanted on shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st. »
LADY will give room In exchange for care of
house. Box 2406. Call office. - -
PLAIN writers to copy letters at home; pleas-
ant work; good pay; all applicants answered
If send stamp. Nonpareil Specialty Co., 859
Rose building, Cleveland. Ohio.
LADY to represent exquisite art work; sells
on sight: $5 dally to right party. 28 Mont-
gomery et.. room 21.
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts. 535 Va-
lencia st. '"¦'-¦'¦
WANTED- A girl to finish on coats. Call Sun-
day. any time. 535 California st., room 8.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse; wages $30?
Call 1 to 3 and 5 to 8 p. m. at 1807 Franklin.
IN Mill Valley— Housekeeper In family of two;
| wnges $10 per month. Box 2620, Call.
FIRST-CLASS pantsmaker; highest wages
paid; steady work. 211% Tehama at., upstairs.
WOMAN capable of managing and directing
employes; references. Box 255«, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced skirt and waist altera-
tion hands. LIVINGSTON BROS., 123 Post.
EXPERIENCED operator on underskirts;
steam power: good pay. A. Aaron, 679 Mission.
WANTED— Alteration hands In cloak and suit
department; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2561, Call office.
GLOVE ' makers and apprentices wanted at
O. W. NOLL & CO.'S. 431 Fulton st. > •¦ :
WANTED— Girl to wait at table. $7 per week.
€18 Sixth at: - - : . ' -.
APPRENTICE on custom coats: paid while
learning. 919B Folsom st.
WANTED— Girl 14 or 15 years of age to learn
ladlpV tailoring; paid while learning. Call
Monday . morning at 1821 Polk ct.
WANTED— Finisher on pants; steady work.
Call this a. m. at 935 Market St.. room 10.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests. Call Sunday
or Monday at >19% Howard st. ,
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., Ml Market -t.
OPERATOR on waiters* coats; steady work.
Power. factory, 636 Clay st.. upstairs. ¦"¦ \
WANTED— German or Swedish girl; $25 pet
month; no washing. ¦ Pacific Coast Employ-
ment Agency, 1073H Market st.. Monday a. m,
WAITRESS at ~0 Brannan st. : . .
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery; wli:
pay highest wages. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED— First-class button ' hole . maker or
coats. . . 135H Natorna, near New Montgomery,
A YOUNG girl to learn millinery; paid whlli
¦ learning. 2608 Bush st. ,.
WANTED — Girl to do : general cleaning In i
restaurant. 25 Taylor st. - .,
GOOD hands on waists and skirts; also an ap-
prentice. ..« Eddy St., rooms 96-97. ?
THE increasing ¦ popularity of McDow ell'i
Dressmaking and Millinery School is guaran
tee of its effective work. Be your own dress
maker anl milliner, taking a course wtthou
delay. THose entering before April 1 —rill ge
2 weeks free In sewing-room. MCDOWELL'S
1019 Market at -
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed ' o
- ; self-assertion : good opportunity to right par
ty. ; F. PERSON, room 4_»- Parrott building
HELP WASTED e:MAI<:^TT9"";
HAIRDRESSINO taught; 4 students
found employment and started business when
competent; easy tenna. Cbllege. S.4 Geary.
WANTEI>— A few experienced operators and »
limited number for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Prove eta.
MRS. OEBAUER formerly MRS. TELLER,
call or addreas MRS. FARINA. 2518 1*~ t.
AMBITIOUS representatives everywhere. $3)
weekly. N. Y. C. C. 1208 Market, oflca «.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; no other
need apply. 235% Minna st. .
WANTEX>— First-class talloress on vest-. M4
Merchant St.. room 15. - ¦ "¦¦¦
WANTEO— Finisher on ladles' tailoring. 534
Poat st. \
WANTED— Smart young lady for shooting gal-
lery. 515 Pacific st.
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers:
steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on suits and
silk waists. A. CAILLEAU, 114 Kearny st.
WANTED— 3 food waitresses, German pre-
ferred. <4_! Geary st.
A BRANCH cilice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been eetabllahed at 1006
Valencia st. ___—_—_—___—_—_——•
H_l.~ WASTED MA-E. ?
MURRAY & READT.
tn and 838 Clay ¦-
To-day, Sunday Open 7 till tt •-—-
Fre« Free Free
We ship to-day Sunday Free
FVee Fare Free Faro
125 laborers for S. P. R. R. Co."s own work,
for sections, ballasting: and steel gang-s. all
parts or California Jl 75 to S3 25 per day
25 laborers and teamsters for Loa Angeles.
Santa Barbara and Ventura divisions..... — '
Jl 75 to 12 per day
Call early with b>ai_e_ MURRAY Ss.
READY. <34-t3S Clay ft.
A-MURRAY A REIADY... PHONE MAIN 8843
Leading- Employment and Labor Agent*.
White male help> of all kinds furnished.
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Em ployeraof Help.
No syndicate too large, no* firm too small for
us to supply. No objection to distance. W«
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, writ*
or call In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave •mployment
In 133T to upward of 17.000 men.
In 1S38 to UDward of 13,000 men.
In 1£» to upward of 2L00O men.
In 1900 to upward of S5.00O men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundred-
Of places atvaltlns your selection.
COME READ OUR BULLETIN BOAKD3.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
BPBCIAL „ ™.-_
Wanted to-day (Sunday) ...........
......Office open from 7:30 to 10 a. m.
-tmnelmen, Chatsworth Park |2 to J2 53
Teamsters, Ventura County *1 <•»
Laborers. 8. P. Co. worlt n 7S
Free Fare FTeo Far©
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
AT CAL. EMJP. AGENCY. 53 Third St.
phone Red 31.— Special to-day. 5 laborers,
city. $1 75, board where you please, long Job;
4 farmers. $1 per day and board; 6 men to
girdle trees and cut brush. $20 per month 8j»d
found: 3 men to boo hopa. tl 25 per day: man
for light Job, «15, board, room and laundry:
2 milkers, J50 and found; 1 Swiss milker. J30:
milk waron driver. $30 and found; waiter,
restaurant, city, J35: gang- for mill and woods.
wood choppers, tletnakers. etc. Office open
to-day (Sunday). 59 Third st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unlon--
Free employment: only recognized union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LE33. Secretary.
MEN or women to sell oil stock for a first-
clasa company with 820 acres of proven oil
land in Monterey County: big pay for hust-
lers. Call or write office of the company.
927 Market St.. room 208.
FIRST-CLASS experienced salesman (none
other need apply) to take charge of country
real estate department. Address box A- E.»
Call office. Oakland.
)N'E stock-cutter (hard wood). 4 lathers, non-
union: no office fees. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
WANTED — By an established, well rated firm,
scheme or specialty men to sell an exceed-
ingly attractive and salable line; special
terms and unique Inducements: high priced
men investigate. C. R. COOK. 21 W. At-
water st.. Detroit. Mich. ?
PROFIT-SHARING company wants 230 men,
Shasta County: steady work; high wages;
must Invest $300 or $400; all classes of labor.
Box 26-5. Call office.
CAPABLE machine hand for furniture factory.
3C71 Seventeenth St., near Folsom.
10 GOOD carpenters for finishing. Van Nes»
ave. and Vallejo St.. Monday morning. f
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 year- of age^
Apply at HALE BROS.. 879-987 Market st. jj
$75— PARTNER In restaurant, $30 month and
board; no experience necessary. 49* Fourth.
¦WANTED — Baker second hand on bread and
cake. Apply X«w England Bakery. 1_>
Polk st. ¦
WANTED— Vegetable man. S Jackson st.
WANTED — Cooper; steady man. Call 433 Sev-
enth st.
WANTED— 'A good bedmaker. Dewey House.
S3 East at.
BOY to learn cigar making. Apply _» Ful-
ton it. ___________________
BU3HELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD _
CO.. 718 Market St. '
WANTED— Blacksmith with small means to
buy paying place tn country. See A. M.
SPECK & CO.. »~ Market st.
YOUNG candymaker; small retail; moderate
•wages; Eastern man pi ef erred. Box 2333, Call
office.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15o and!
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
MAN upright character, to manage business:
established house: J13 per week and expenses
payable weekly fro—, headquarters; expense
money advanced: ptrmanent: reference.
Standard House. S14 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— Man to represent responsible man-
ufacturing houee; salary of $36 paid for two
weeks' trial: Important, permanent position
If satisfactory. Address C. M. Co.. box 1412.
Philadelphia. Pa. ____________
TRUSTWORTHY persons to travel for estab-
lished house solid financial standing; salary^
$7S0, expen.: no canvassing; Inclose addressed
envelope. Mgr.. .75 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED for U. 8. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of a and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specialty desired for
service In Philippines. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. CaL
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc; fr«»
scholarship in engineering awarded to f«—
well recommended applicant*. American
Bchool of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple to wholesale and retail trade; we are th»
largest and only manufacturers la our Una
In the world; liberal salary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Ga.
ACTIVE man. by large manufacturing house;
$38 cash paid for 12 days' trial; promotion,
permanent position if satisfactory. Address
O. B. P. CO.. box 1027 Philadelphia. Pa.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A young man about 13 or 20 years;
one who understands wrapping of clothing;
references and salary expected. Box 2613. Call.
WANTED— Young man to learn cigar making;
i to 6 weeks required: steady work and good
pay when learned; tuition $23. 247 Fifth st.
BARBERS; 2-chalr shop in hotel: best mining
town In the State; shaving 23c DECKEL-
. MAN BROS.. IOC Ellia st.
' WANTED— First-class bartender. Apply at IS
Post st.
' ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 582 Mission at,, bet. 1st and 2d »ts.
[ COATMAKER wanted; steady 'work. S05a
¦ Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Metal grill makers. Apply 8. _".
Novelty Works. Bay and Stockton sts.
j CHEAP for cash, S-chalr shop. Including Uv-
.ing rooms; trial given. 222 Fourth st.
j MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach th«
trade in- two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
¦ tion with our college; chairs and furnitur*
are all made to our own order, with a view
'to cleanliness and convenience.
- MOLER'8 BARBER COLLEGE, C3S Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
- LIGHT harness-makers wanted: also cutters on
kay. strap, coupe and carriage work; good
wages; steady work for good mechanics. Ad-
8 dress SEATTLE HARNESS & SADDLERY
I CO.. Seattle. Wash. -
t SOBER, steady, reliable German as driver for
t bakery; good wages; only one who has suffl-
I. dent experience and Is well recommended
need apply. Box 2523. Call office.
t IMMEDIATELY— 2 experienced solicitors: fair
¦- . salary; must be of good address; for Saturday
;. . Evening Post. S3 Columbian building.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SIJNDAT, MARCH 24, 1901.
29
HELP WXVTED— MALE Con.
MEN OR WOMEN
;•;- Paid Big Commissions ."•••••••••
"VVANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Uolkln. Reno House^Toprletor «lll
runs Denver Ho_*. 217 Third *£¦ l&a V^L"
rooms; zsc per night; 11 to $2 per'w"k.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the late«
improved revolving chair, called I the "AufS
pl_ and slightly damaged i shoes 2« tS^
COOK for reetaurmnti Ocean Bearh •
home^^work; pp.' pffitflg^
BAUBE£S-^hIir.hoi> for sale ehrtpTTSi
!B^^ n ya_s_g_g-
iTbaKo^^-™' & "- S3--?.?
. Bo ba ~ oom chairs used in this college.
G ?o T f£ 0Ur ,£ ht S! half - soled wh!le siting; *Sc
to 60c. 662 Mission at-, bet. 1st and £d st».
"^i^^^ 1^ 1^ mM> t0 try **•* 10c & 15c raeals
In city. 4iQ Kearny st. The Maine Restaurant
X^ K . TEI> 7 Erp * rl '' nc * <1 l»dl*** tailor: perma-
nect : rood pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
F «^w ale « c , b S£i Two ' c - lJr s!lop ' doln « J 25 p<*
*eeg. 394 Sixth ft.
EAILOP^. blacksmiths, f-amen & gre«n hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
r 5 N * SXO 2i?~£- H Sb 'P ar<J & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms. 2Sc night: reading-rooms • free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch office, ryo Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons lias been established at 1CS«
Valencia st.
MORSES A.\» WAGONS.
A CONSIGNMENT from Hon. M. Biggs Jr..
OrorlUa, of drrvtng. wcrlc and saddle horses;
—so "well-broke polo pony. At FRED II.
CHASB A CO.'S. 17_ Market st. 1 >T f
«0 HORSES for f«le: also — agons. buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
F~ FJxth et. : auction 6ales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAX & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PAIR very fine coach horses. 7 and S years
old; full brothers; 17 hands 4 inch high. Can
M seen at Government stableo. Fort Masoa,
foot of Van Xess ave.
CL OBE Horse Market— Horses for sale; also
raatchefi teams. SS Twelfth et.
VICTORIA. six-Beater, wagonette, phaeton:
*rood condition: beet makers: also basement
wlta «o Btalls to let. 24 Golden Gate ave.
B. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M- L. Pancoast. sec. S10 Golden Gate ave.
— — 100 PETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, eurreys. horses. 1140 Folsom.
GOOD business horses wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
¦AX A No 1 express wagon, single, also light ;
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PULNTED LIPT Houses to let; fiend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
CEDAR ave., IS. off Larkin St.. bet. Geary and
Post — New house. 7 rooms, porcelain bath,
gas grates, etc. ; sun in every room. Full
particulars MADISON & BURKE.
• ROOM: modern: Western ACdltlon; or will
sell: !SM> csj=h, balance like rent. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. €46 Market St.
BEAt'TIFt'L modern house 8 rooms and bath.
31 Scott rt., rear VTaller; elegant location and
view; rent $50; references. Apply 728 Haight.
HOUFE, 10 rooms and bath; stables and chick-
¦B houi«e«. 614 Central ave.. near McAllister
et.; rent t?>; water free.
BUSH. Uttt — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
yard; tZ7 50; water free.
HI — 5-ROOM house and barn. Laurel ave., near
Turk and Buchanan ets.
BOUSES TO LIST PL'R.MSUBD.
FCRMSHED houre. 7 rooms and bath, during
summer months. Apply any morning between.
S and 11 o'clock at 1S30 O'Farrell et.
MODERN houFe elegantly furnished: 7 rooms,
bath. Call 17U Webster st.. 10 to O.
IIOL'g-S WA.VTE1).
WEFT cf Van Ness ave.. north of Geary st. ;
unfurnished house. 10 to 12 rooms; one with
rtab'.e preferred. Call or address room SOL
Phelan building.
TTAXT1T1V— A house. 2 flats and lot: $2000 cash
customer. Call CLARK & "WARD. Pacific
CoaFt Agency, 1C73H Market *%.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
HANDSOME resident* of > rooms, bath, base-
ment; stable, chlcken-nouiee, tankhouse,
•well. mill. fln« garden; sunny corner: ele-
vated; fine view of city; furnished or unfur- .
nithed; 176x150.
Cottage cf 4 rooms, bath, basement: chicken
bouses, with separate yards, well, mill and
tank; also Spring Valley water, garden, etc.;
100x110; owner leaving city.
Apply at IS* Lalrtley et.. comer Falrmount.
for a week; Ean Mateo cars.
MODERN house; 9 rooms, near Park; I car
lines; bargain; part cash; no agents. Owner,
box 245$. Call offlce. ¦
IX) ST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— At 8wanberg*s Restaurant. Saturday,
March a. a gold watch. Na 6,193,599. with
the name Edna engraved on the outside.
Finder will receive reward by returning same
to the Bchloes Crockery Company, 403 Market.
I LOST— Email hunting case gold watch, made
by Henry Capt, Genera; monogram M. C. E.
on outride. Finder will b« liberally reward-
ed by leaving It at the Occidental Hotel.
JjOST— Pocket-book containing Masonic, Elks
and other lodg» receipt*. Finder will please
leave at Grand Hotel and receive reward.
JAMES NELSON.
FOUND— A Et. Bernarfl dog; Identify. 800 Bay
St.. corner Hyde.
FOfNT>— A bicycle. Apply 1556 Turk st.
"Wanted— Old rold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R, JENKEL. 817 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
It rages. In wrapper, for Trailing. %\ pe- year.
MEDICAL. *
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market^ 'ladles'
specialists: 82 vears* practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; patients treated can re-
turn eame <*ay; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
eueceesful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. S42 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPEB— Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my office: for all
female complaints; beware of imitations: can
be gent: X7 years' experience. 223 Kearny Et.
MRS. GOODWIN. IfcJS Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: implicit confidence; reliable.
DR. KOHL, ladles" f-peclallst, removed from »97
Market tt. to S42 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS D ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market St..
?W. Tnvlor PinA Ma«nn: lurt'e* 1 «rieHall«t.
HI.VBS AXD MIKING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
Montezuma Copper and Coal.
Montezuma Copper and Coal.
Uonteruma Copper and Coal.
With dividends assured this autumn from the
product of the new coal lands, the Montezuma
Sllnlng Comr-any has decided for the present
to make pnly a slight Increase In the price of
its ehares from month to month. The reason
is simple : The company is pledged, by resolu-
tion adopted by its board of trustees to pay all
it* 6un<lus earning* in dividends to share-
holders <see prospectus, page JO). To obtain
f-Ti<ln then, for the oontinued development of
its *<" copper properties and for the building
cf a smflttng plant cn Its own coal lands at
Fairfax (In which smelter the company will
bum its own coke). It is necessary to sell more
• *tock- and while it is generally agreed the
rtcxk' U to-day worth three times the price
•¦deed the company fear that to advance the
Ktock to its true value now would result In
flal*-* wi:h consequent curtailment
of revenue for development purposes. The. pay-
rneit of one dividend means the payment of
rthSk «n« * fter lne flrBt » tt l^P^able the
rtorkwill r* advanced to 60 or 70 cents. wHile
it will certainly to to par with the payment
nt a second or third dividend.
Tble week the «tock will be sold for 8e cash
or *c on installments. Higher neit week.
The State coal Inspector of Washington eays
of this coal in his official report to the Gover-
nor- "The coal is of excellent quality for cok-
;„,' eteaming and blacksmithlng purposes."
* Intending Investors may easily satisfy them-
selvrt as to the stable character of the Monte-
*uira proposition. Write or call for full ln-
Wto THE AMERICAN GUARANTY &
TRUST CO.. Felling Agents, Jl« Safe Deposit
tnjlliS'nr. ean Francisco
¦ MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for list. MR8. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
A Al> ..^^""^^^X,; ".
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh tt.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB. SALE.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and 6econd-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 102L 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILER8. engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOEH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont St.
SUITABLE for a wedding present— A beautiful
box containing 12 solid sliver 1 tablespoons, 12
teaspoons. 12 forks and 6 other pieces of fancy
rilverware to be sold for Its intrinsic value in
silver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
glnee, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear ft. ¦
FOR sale— 10 h. p. engine and boiler, rock
crusher and 600-gallon eprlnkler. Apply Mount
Olivet Cemetery, near Colma.
A— IS AND 25 H. P. boiler: 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California St. .
BICYCLE, gents, 1S01 model, high-grade, al-
most new, cheap. Box 2C22, Call office.
BLACK cocker spaniel pups; price reasonable.
43 Albion ave.. near Fifteenth st.
GAS engine. 1 horsepower. $75. Seen, running
at eh'.rt itore, 525 Valencia st. "
SMALL sticker, in good shape, cheap. H. S.
WHITE. E16 Mission st.
$6; SINGER family wwlng machine; great bar-
gain. 700 Eddy Bt., next to drugstore.
VERY cheap— Awning 12 feet long. Apply 1714%
Howard et.. near Thirteenth.
CANARY birds, males and females; also Har-
rer rollers. At LOHMAXN'B. 3168 Sixteenth.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early ror bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 408 California.
FOR SALE— 270 acres redwood timber, cheap;
good mill site. Box 2509. Call office.
FOR SALE— Billiard table In good condition.
Apply at 1551 Broadway, Oakland.
Caroline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all rffces; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FOR sale at a bargain; fine yacht 32 feet long
(complete). W. H. CAMPBELL, Bausallto.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS cecond-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-'
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BTJLLARD & HRECK., 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ PAFE. 109-111 Market ft.. San Fraa
MISCKL!,.\XK<)l'S W'A.VTS.
WANTED— Runabout and good horse In ex-
change for a lot. THE MCCARTHY CO.
(real eotate). 646 Market st.
AN aelolan orchestrelle; no objection to one
slightly used; price nyt to exceed $1000 or un-
der; pay cash. Box 2541, Call offlce.
.
WANTED- Gordon setter bitch; young or old.
Box 2546. Call offlce.
TILTO>rS misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles', gents' clothing. 154, 9th; tel. Folsom 2522.
EECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
chlnery wanted. 204 Mission gt.. near Main.
MONKY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; .do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see II. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
6econd mortgage?, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages an 1 securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mort-.
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R, McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st. : teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; so removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest;" easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Ft., room 63.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 8L 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country, 6%, undi-
vided lnts.; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person bavin? use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash, and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY th« oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER 4 CHASE'S, 26,
25 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -
BIG stock medium and low priced new up-
rights; can be exchanged for Hazeltons any
time within five years; all pianos warranted ;
a fine upright nearly new. $123; squares from
$25 up; easy terms. At DEWING'S, _ to 21
Flood building, San Francleco. '
BABY GKANDS at a bargain.
Decker & Son and Packard, slightly used.
Such an opportunity Is seldom offered. Call
soon to get the benefit of it. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt.
50 UPRIGHTS, all makes. $75 up; rented and
rent allowed; Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A FEW new pianos for $150; second-
hand from $30. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. Chlcketing and Vose agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market St., you
can get storage ptanos almost for a song— $5
per month — dirt cheap.
PIANO; fine upright; 3 pedais; a real snap;
. ?115. 125S Mission st.
A 3-PEDAL upright piano; also furniture; sac-
rifice: leaving city. 224 Golden Gate ave.
$;i-FlNE Hallet & Da\'is; cost JCOO: for eale
on $5 Installments. 1419 Post st.
DEAUTIFtTL new pianos, $155 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2206 Flllmore st
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Stetnway,
Knabe and others. BRUEXN, 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
?early new; must he sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hard man. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Muet be sold; nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
X NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. • HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Bpellman pianos. 308 Post.
I AT KEEFTE'S. 983 Market «t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Ehoninger agency.
SUPERIOR vldlns, elthers. old and new. H.
MIJLLER. maker, repairer.- 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSIC BOXES.
PAUL MONACO, the best repairer and maker,
for • 16 years always the best on the coast.
769 Market st, bet. Sd and 4th, top floor;
eouth side. Fin* Swiss music box repairing a
special ty: all wo* repaired to- look- like new.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR fine offices and stores call at 123 Mason
St.; rent reasonable : also a few rooms suit-
able for living rooms.
VERY fine large store and basement; B9S Va-
lencia st.. near Tw.enty-flrst: key next door.
E. G. PENNISTON, 743 Mission st.
OIL. ,
OIL STOCK! OIL STOCK! OIL STOCK!
10c per share In company with 2 producing
-'wella. . -
15c per share in . company with 4 producing
wells, I more drilling; nothing on the market
equal to this as a money maker..
25c per share In a dividend-paying com-
pany; -has 12 producing wells: pays regular
dividend of 2 per cent per month.
55c per share; 200 ehares of Sovereign Oil
Company's stock.
C. F. MOORE. TJ. B. Licensed Government
Broker. 935 Market St.. room «. ¦ "¦ . '
A 20 TO 1 SHOT. Do yon want It? $10,000 for
$500; a 1-lCth Interest In oil company now
forming .will cost $500; drilling commences 1
at once; your Interest will be worth $10,000
in 90 days; 80 acres, Suneet-Mldway district;
200-barrel well on adjoining land. For par-
tlculars addregs box 2617, Call office.
JOSEPH B. TOPIJTZ, 330 Pine »t.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL lands near Oil City, $1 25 per acre. Amer-
ican Exploration Co.. 1413 Call building.
OIL LAXDSFOn SALE.
AT a great sacrifice,- any part. of 65 acres of
oil land on the famous section 20, where the
Home OH Company'* - wells produce. RU-
BENSTEIN & CLARK. 32 Flood building.
I'AINTKHS AM) IJKCORAXOBS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
up.- Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
H«rtman Paint Co.. 319 3d rt. : tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEP.OME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor *t.. bet. Oeary and Pout: tel. Plark 5«1.
PATENTS: AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple
clay, which will turn white hair black,
brown, auburn or red, and blonde hair a
rich golden, " in from four to twelve hours,
according to shade required. Send samples
of hair clipped from head (not combings) and
it will be returned the required shade. DR.
FRANCIS C. SHERMAN. 406 Sutter st.
THE Star Hair 'Remedy is guaranteed to re-
' store gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and Itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. If your druggist or hair-
dresser cannot supply you. call at 656 Geary
st. or 305 Larkln st. Do not be persuaded to
take any other; there is none so good. The
Star Remedy Co., San Francisco.
MME. VALE EN. the True Healer.
Cures all kinds of diseases & habits, such as
tobacco, morphine, cocaine, liquor, etc. ; teach-
er of hypnotism & personal magnetism; tells
how to develop will power & gain success;
stamps for particulars. 215 Leavenworth st.
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and Bold only by MRS. N.
8TODDARD, main office US7 Geary st., nr.
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1513
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References — Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are baM. call
on DR. O. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: call or send for circular.
CULTURED gentleman of means, age 35, de-
sires to meet wealthy lady; object matri-
mony; give full particulars first letter; all
answers confidential. Address box 2551. Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to cor-
respond with honorable young gentleman; ob-
ject matrimony; poor and would appreclat-j
a home. MISS A. MONTGOMERY, General
Delivery. Plttsburg, Pa.
FARMER of 40 (Protestant); small means;
good home; desires acquaintance of a ladv
(widow with one child preferred): object
matrimony. L. M. ROSS. Occidental. Cal.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 8th, Alameda.
J— S. F. SCHOOL of Natural Therapeutics, 908
Van Ness ave. — Liquor, morphine and tobacco
habits cured; no drugs used; safe, reliable,
scientific; advanced sciences taught.
IF you have gray or falling hair, dandruff or
Itching scalp, or are bald, call on MRS. E.
R. DUNLAP, 6 Eddy. & get guaranteed cure.
JAMES' Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery st.,
room 21; phone Bush 289; charges reasonable.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Flfth.Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121,'
West Forty-second st, N. Y. '
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, rrorphlne or any other drug, by MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk st.
PROF. MERGEN'S Mineral Oil and Salve: sure
cure for dropsy, paralysis, rupture; eyesight;
consultation at rooms 8 and 9. 1228 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 367 Jessie st.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," for leather, wood
and photos, at all first -clasn art stores.
ALL kinds of bamboo fancy work to order
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red 1368.
A— $3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
$1 WEEKLY: suits to order from . genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1U7
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In ' every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Bt.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market. bet-.Poik and Van «ess.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st.
JJR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. '¦'¦•'¦¦
PHRENOLOGY.
CALDERWOOD'S PHRENOLOGICAL PAR-
LORS, 1130 Market st. (adjoining Owl Drug
Store) are the finest on the coast. Examina-
tions dally. The science '.aught by mail In
a few lessons for a few dollars. .
PHYSICIANS ASD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED. ;
$18 000— Broadway, near Mason; 84:4 1 / &xl37:6; a
new'flats and rear house: rents $145. ,-"¦
$12 000— Union St.. near Taylor; 25:9x128:9;' I
modem flats and rear house; rents $09 50.
Jb250— McAllister st., near Stelner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 room« and bath. -
$5500— Buchanan, near Post; 24x87:6; house of
7 rooms and bath: rent $35.
$5125— Post St.. near. Baker; 25x137:6; 2 'flats;
rents $37. "" . . _
$5000— Corner Leavenworth . and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats: rent $41.
$3900— Harriet, near . Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building; rents $40. i .'
$3!wO— California, near 1st ave. ; 24x63;. house
of 8 rooms and bath. I
"• $3750— Jones, near Vallejo; 45:10x53:9; -4 flats;
rents $40 50. " » :
$3350— Clementina, near 6th ;. 20x80 ; house of 6
rooms and bath; rent $25L . . . ¦ -.
$2600— Stanford, near Townsend; 25x80; .house
of 10 rooms and bath: stable; rents $28. -•¦ ;-¦
UNIMPROVED.
$18,000— Union near Mason: 93:6x137:6.. .
$5500— Greenwich st.. near- Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
Cor. Folsom and 20th; 25x122:6; must be sold;
offer wanted. »•>.,¦< ,,i^ mr r m utfMtmiiu&A
$3500— Fulton St., near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000r-Lagutia St., near Pagfe; JSxlOO. ¦<• ,
$2500— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores: 26:6x100.-
t2C00— Waller at., near Stanyan; JSxlOO. '
$16fO— Florida, near 18th; 60x100. .¦
$1250 each— Dolores, near 30th; 25x100; 2 lota. ¦
$1000— Emma, near 14th; 25x90. ; •
C. C. BEMIS, Real Ectate and General Land
; . Agent, 324 Montgomery st. ":
;¦, Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl st.,".near Stanyan; 23x
1«7:<! f«ft. - .... .... .,..-
REAL - ESTATE CITV FOR S ALB,
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. *
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, •:•:."
¦¦¦~.< ... ? 14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
(43,600— Fine Western Addition corner, close to
Fillmore st, in 12 flats; elegant residence
: of 14 rooms and baths; lot 137:6 ft. front;
renting < for $4140 per annum; : rents can
be Increased;. Improvements nearly new.
$35,000— Fine corner on Van Ness ave.; covered
at present with old improvements; rent
nominal; would pay handsomely if im-
proved; lot 60x170.'' -i :, :•: . .
$16, SCO — Fine modern flats lust being finished," on
Broadway, close to Franklin st. ; elegant
view; rents {ISO per month; 30:6x137:6.
$10,000— Fine, nearly new Presidio Heights resl-
., . dence; sunny side of . Washington . St.,
' . containing 11 rooms, bath and all mod-
ern . improvements ;. renting for $75 per
month; lot 32 ft. front.
$12,S0O— Fine sunny corner residence and lot on
Haight St.; lot 55x110.
$8500 — 8 elegant new flats, • 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $100 per month; close to the
Park ;|lot 25x106.
$7000—2 fine sunny flats on Devisadero St., 'nr.
Sacramento, ' containing 6 and 7 rooms
. snd baths; in Al condition; renting low
at $55 per month; lot 27x110. ,
$5000— A good bay-window, residence on Web-
ster st.. close to McAllister, containing
J0 rooms and baths. -. - . ,-¦¦¦
$4750 — 3 nice bay-window flats," facing Duboce
Park ; . containing | S ana 6 roooms and
bath; rents $42 50 per month.
$6000— Two sunny flats on Clayton St.. near the
Golden Gate Park; ¦ containing 6 and 7
rooms and bath ;- rents $51 per month;
house nearly new; lot 25x106. - -
$4250— Nice cottage on Broderick st., close to
Sutter: containing 8 rooms and bath,
bay-windows; brick "foundation, cement
walks, etc ; mortgage of $3C00 in bank
can remain if desired;. lot 27:6x137:6.
$6200—2 bay-window housee of 6 rooms and
bath each, on Golden Gate ¦ ave.', near
Fillmore;, renting for $84 per month; in
good order.
$5000— Nice bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; sunny side of Howard .St.; in
the warm belt of the Mission.
$10,250— Three bay-window flats of 7 rooms and
bath: on Ellis st., close to Laguna; con-
taining- 7 rooms and bath each; renting
for $S0 per month; lot 25x120 to rear
street. \ '
New pocket map of San Francisco, 25c
Choice Hat of building lots In every part of
the. city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our. "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city. . . . :
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. 14 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG.
Real Estate. 114 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME HOME AT THE MISSION.
$8,000— Best portion of Dolores st. ; two-story
• house of 10 large sunny rooms; stable
and sheds in the rear, «¦ fronting on
alley; extra large lot. 65x117: beautiful
grounds; ideal home at a low figure.
$1,800— Bay-window cottage on Church st., near
22d ; contains 6 rooms and bath: nmall
stable in rear.
$2.300— $500 cash, balance $25 monthly; pretty
bay-window cottage; 27th, near Dolo- ¦
. '¦/¦¦ res; lot 25x114; 6 rooms and bath. ¦ !
SPLENDID BUSINESS CORNER.
$15,600— Stores and flats;; well-established gro-
cery, barber and shoemaker; total rents
. $125; large lot.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5,7a>-Rent $M; 4 flats, well located at the '
MUslon; lot $0x114, of which 40 feet by
• 114 is vacant; very cheap.
MCALLISTER-STREET FLATS.
$3,500—3 flats; rents $35; lot 23x137:6; assessed
for over $3500; offered at low figure to
close estate.
$3,500— Two-story bay-window house on Army
St., near Dolores; 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x114.
$3,6CO— Fine home clcs3 to the Park; Tremont
ave., near Frederick: two-8tory house
of 7 rooms and bath. . -
HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$4,S0O— Fillmore st., near Green; splendid up-
' to-date house; contains S large, sunny
rooms and all the latest Improvements:
fine marine view; $1000 cash, balance
monthly Installments.
COTTAGE ON BRODERICK STREET.
$4,000 — Bay-window cottage, close to Sacra-
mento; contains 6 rooms, etc.
$2,750— Must be s>ld to close estate; Powell,
near Green; J-story brick house, seven
rooms . and bath.
/ . LTON &* HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
SELLING} FAST!
SELLING FAST.
$2750 to $2950. on easy terms; beautiful new
homeii on Missouri, near Eighteenth st. : 12
houses are being built; 8 are already sold;
only 4 left; positively best homes ever offered
for the money; they are built to Improve the
surrounding property and are being sold at
actual' cost.
Lot 25x100; street graded, sewered and ma-
cadamized; gas, water and sewer connection^
made; lot fenced; houses contain 5 and 6
rooms,' porcelain bath, S closets; finished
basement; elegant mantels; rooms tinted; In
every, resoect a complete, first-class home.
Terms, $600 cash, balance in 6 years, on easy
monthly payments; Interest at 6 per cent.
See these houses to-day: take the - Elghth-st.
electric cars (Market-st. line transfer), and
ask the conductor, to let you off at Missouri
street. . Houses open ; for Inspection. , v .
REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT CO..
' ' " ¦> ' ¦¦•"•• . Owners.
• LYON & HOAG, Agents.
j - 114 Montgomery st.
liADISON & BURKE,
¦ Established January, 1853.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.-
626 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
Double house on Bush st. near Grant ave.;
trick; rents $50: lot 38x63; $12,000.
$3000 — Rents $27 50 per month; new' flats;
Clara St., near Fourth; 25x75; must sell; owner
leaving city.' ,
$2500— Offer wanted: brick improvements and
let; Clementlra St. near First; lot 25x76; $1000
mortgage can remain. .
$S500 — Twelfth St., < near Mission; large piece
of property- offered low for quick sale; 63x140;
irertgage of $6000 at 6 per cent can remain.
$15.000 — Beautiful modern house in the best
p*rt of the marine view section of the city.
$5,000 — Post st., near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
clone" estate.
$6500— Pine St.. near Scott; 3 flats; rents
$57 50; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells. of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16Sxl20, on north
line of Lombard St., between Flllmore and
Steiner; also lot .152x120 on Chestnut st. In
¦rfar; rents $73 per month; must be sold on
account of ' non-residence.
$10,500— Fine vacant property; lot '37:6x90,
with 2 corners: Taylor and Greenwich "its. ;
Just the place for a grocery.
$8000 — An elegant north corner in the Presidio
Heights district: 60x90; • this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
$7000— Harriet st.. near Howard: lot 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth St.: rent $36.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
A— SNAP; $5100; 35 Hill st.J- near Guerrero ;
beautiful Eastlake home, 9 rooms, bath,
laundry,, high basement, brick foundation;
fine lot. 35x114. ,
$6500— Thirteenth, near Howard; 8 flats, 4, 5,
S rooms and bath; rents $42; 30x79.
$5250 — Market, near Church; 7 rooms and
bath: 25x115; mortgage $3000 at 6 per cent.
$5000— Broadway, near Octavia; 25x130; 6
rooms and bath ; part cash.
$2400— Cottsge 5 rooms and bath, stable for
3 horses: Noe St.. near Seventeenth; 25x110. '
$3250— Twenty-flrst. near Valencia; choice lo-
cality; 6 rooms and bath; 25x115. . -
• $2500— For 35 lots in S. S. F., near electric
road. . ' . ¦'"-''
$1800— Dolores, nr. 32d; 30:6x117:6, to alley.
$1250— Bryant, . nr. 18th ; 25x100; bitumen.
$1200— Whitney, nr. 30th; 50x125; "on grade.
$150— Four lots in University Extension.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
RICHMOND LAND CO., 323 Clement St.
J $8500— Corner; prominent street; Income big..
$3500— New store and flat; rent $30. >,'; •
$4500— Pair of flats 13 rooms; modern; rent $40.
$3000 — Tenement flats 16 rooms; rent $36.
$2800— Cottage 6 rooms; modern; Second ave.
$2500— Cottage 6 rooms on Fourth ave.
$2000— Cottage on Sixth ave; 5 rooms. ¦
$1300— Cottage r 3 . rooms ; good neighborhood.
$800— Choice lot on. Fourth ave,' near. Clement.
1750 — Fine lot," Twelfth ave. and Clement at.
$C0O— Clement-st. lot; street work done.,
$500— Eighteenth ; ave.. near California > st. ; ,
$350— California :«t.V. near Seventeenth ; ave. .
$300— Two lots. Fifteenth ave., south of Park.
" Now Is the time to. buy In Richmond. Prices
are advancing . rapidly. RICHMOND LAND
CO.. 323 Clement St., - :
$20,000— FINE business ; corner, new building, 2
stores and 2 flats; rents. $142 per 'month. -
$16,250— Three extra well-built flats in West-
ern Addition; short distance from Kearny
st; ; circular i boy windows; fine view; lot
34x137:6: rent $155.- .•
- $5600 — Modern , 9-room hou*e.' Cole st. : this
is cheap: can be bought on very easy term». a
. $4000— House 6 rooms; Shrader St.; easy
terms.,; / » "
. $3000— F"ne cottage. 9 rooms: Twenty-second.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery at.
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents,. S
. ; '• ' : 112 Montgomery st.
$18.000— Stoickton-st. Investment.- between Post
and Sutter: old improvements paying $1200 per
ei;num. '
$5750 each— Two, elegsnt inew residences on
Central ave., near Haight st : contain • 10 rooms
and ' bath ;- lots »5xll2:6; ' houses finished in • the
very best of style;" Interior .- finished in . hard
woods; all the latest modern Improvements.
:¦.''.-. --••¦';•, -•''¦¦' , A. J.- RICH A CO.
ATTENTION! ' ~ -..-'. -. '
¦ 517 Thirtieth st.." 1 near Noe. ,
. Six-room . qpttage In good : condition ; • all lat-
est improvements. • ' bath, ," closed in .. porch
(glass). •" brick .. foundation.-; laundry s in base-
' ment, newly painted, ' nice garden ; • lot ; 125x35.
For eale by owner."-.: '"¦ v - : t '
Very reasonable. Don't fall to Investigate.
DO you want * a ! home T > i.We have • bargains In
- ¦ homes - and , good . residence < lots, v Call • on i us
and let : us . know / what you , want. ,-• We ,: will
have It; or get It for you; or drop : us a line
and we. will call on you. THE MCCARTHY
.CQ..' 646 Market et. ¦ ;.. ' ,.
CH E A P— $3300 : house. - 10 * rooms and bath: sta-
bles; lot 37:6xl37:«./8l4 Central ave.', near Mc-
Allister st. ;; no agents, v; ¦.'.-¦ » ; .- -?.-...^-/.- i . i -:-;
$2000— GENUINE bargain; new 5-room cottage.
, Noe nnd Jersey sts '"' ' " '
REAL INSTATE— CITY— FOR. f : SALE.
REAL ESTATE -FOR SALE BY ¦
. BALDWIN -•& HOWELL.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
• ; 10 Montgomery st.'
$25,000— Rents $1590; ' Polk-st. business prop-
erty; large lot.
$5000— Nice home on Pierce St., near Haight;
' • price : reduced. - • • :
$20,000 — Large corner and 5 houses on Sutter
... -. at;, rent $1860.' ."¦ •> ¦ ' . «.
$4000— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; near Wash-
"'¦»¦•¦ ington and Broderick sts. . •
$3250— New corner home on Twenty-third St..
"-¦ r.ear Dolores. - ¦' ¦ . ¦
$730O-Rents $72; lot : 42x75; near Sixth . and
Mission sts.
$2100— Vermont st., near Marl posa ; cottage.
* and basement.'
$5000— Haight , st... near Stelner; north side;
sunny; two flats; bargain...
$2000— Tehama at.,., off Third; 2-story frame
building of 2 flats: rents $20 per month.
- $4300 — Rents $42 50; Sacramento St.. near Wai -
stmra^nut; two flats; lmimln I'ljis.i.l'HH^tlUl* 1
$12,500— Halght-st. business corner; store and
two flats; always rented:- lot 23x100.
$21. SO0— Hayes st., . not far from • Market: lot
37x120 to rear street: stores and flats. I
$5200— Rents *50 50 per month; four flats; half-
block from Fourteenth and Mission sts.
$8000— Rents $78 50 per. month; business Corner
• on Church at.. - El:6xlOO; covered I with
~- '.'Stores; 'flats above and cottage. *
' $3750— Rents $33; lot 23x86:6; Stelner et.; near
Turk; store and flat.
$5500— Marine view residence on Lombard St.,
near Hyde; 10'icums; lot 57:6x137:8.
$17C0 — Church St., near Twentieth: house of 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x80; half cash.
$6750— Rents $78 per month ; 6 flats on Riteh
St.; 'lot 49:1014x75.
$3500 — Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath:
rents $300. per year: Minna St., near
• Fifth.
$1400— Cottage on Corbett road, near Elght-
, eenth; only $400 cash.
$6800— Buchanan st., near Vallejo; nice home;
your own terms.
$2250— Central ave, near McAllister st., cot-
tage of 5 rooms' :ind bath.
BARGAIN.
$2250— Ptanyan-st. lot: suitable for flats.
$550— Kllzabeth Bt.; ilne building lot; worth
. $750.
$7000— Three flats; Flllmore St., near Oak;
rents $720; lot 25x110.
$1100 — Banks. st. ; cottage of 4 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Baker st., near Pine; house of 9 rooms
and bath. . ,
$4000— Guerrero St., near Twenty-second; two
flats; rents $33.
BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery st.
$13,500. ...RENTS $1230
Three new flats, i.ear Jackson and Larkln
«ta. ; a splendid Investment; see this at once,
owner compelled to sell; cost over $15,000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS
v At Reasonable Prices
On Easy Terms.
Level, building lots ci H st. and Nineteenth
ave. boulevard; fronting Golden Gate Park: a
grand garden at your frunt door; an ideal 20th-
century home location; Bddy-st. electric cars
passing the property; lets level and ready for
building; streets on olticial grade and macad-
amized; plank sidewalks; gas, water and mall
service; if you intend to build and have not
sufficient money at present we will advance to
you for that purpose; take a trip out and see
the neat, new and pretty homes built and being
built on. this property. Our branch office for
your convenience and where you can obtain all
further information . and a horse and - buggy
with attendant at your disposal, at the corner
of H si. and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gale
Park; open every day, Sundays and holidays;
I don't delay, but Interest yourself in a home lot
j at once. Small first payment, balance S10 per
month. Interest 6 per cent on deferred pay-
ments. V"f-?;i,V
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• 10 Montgouery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS, ~~ i ~~
• 103 Montgomery Bt., San Francisco, Cal.
Splendid home, nearly new, on Pacific
Heights; <8 large rooms, with attic and ba&e-
ment; finely finished throughout; with uninter-
rupted marine view; price $12,5C0.
Fine for flats— 12 lots fronting on Scott and
McAllister sts.: size 27 :«xl37:6; right in th«
heart of the Western Addition; see plat and
prices at office. . . •., . . >
A fine corner lot on Pacific Heights, com-
manding city and marine view; several hand-
some homes are to be Immediately erected in
the same block; eize 45x100 feet; can be bought
at a bargain.
Residence of 14 rooms on Gough St., near
Bush; large lot, 57:6x137:6; giving room to build
adjoining; t-rlce $18,000.
Two new flats in Panhandle district; 7 rooms
each; rented for $70 monthly; price $7500.
Four flats south of Market et.. In good condi-
tion; new plumbing, etc.; rent $40; price $37i0.
Large lot, 105x114, In the Mission, with cot-
tage of 7 rooms; reduced to $3500; a very cheap
buy; house stands on 25 feet.
Two flats in fine renting location: Just fin-
ished; 6 and 8 rooms; all latest modern im-
provements; will rent for $50, you can't beat
these flats for the money.
Lots overlooking the Presidio grounds, - cn
north sld& of street: only $65 per foot.
. Pacific and Presidio Heights lots. We are
authorized to offer at very reasonable pric« a
several choice lots in these districts. Call for
list.
Only $1500 each — Four lots on Dolores St.. be-
tween Liberty and Twenty-first; 25x92:6 each.
Send for our lift of Mission Cottages for
sale on easy terms.
W.j.,: McAFEE BROTHKRS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
BOVEE, TOT & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF
;V->' PROPERTY.
624 MARKET ST.
$26,000— Sixth st. • through ta rear street: lot
25x155 feet, with store and flats above; rent-
Ing for $154 per month.
i.'O.OOO— Broadway; corner 50-vara lot, witn
partial Improvements; renting for 1115 pel
month: this is A. ilne buy to Improve.
$11,000— Sutter st., north side, between Fill-
more and Stelner; 3 fine flats of 7 rooms and
bath; renting for $32 50 per. month; lot 25i
137:6 feet.
$6500— Clayton st. : lot 25x112:6" feet; fln«
house of 9 rooms and bath ; must be told a*
once. .
$8500— California st; lot 27:6x132:6 feet; neai
Buchanan, house of 9 rooms and bath.
$7000— Shotwell St. : lot 25x122:6 feet; 3> fln«
flats (if 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent:
for $60 per ; month. " -
$4250— Henry St.; 2 flats, 5 and C rooms and
bath each: rents for $3S per month; In first-
class condition.
J4000— Castro St., near Sixteenth; lot 50xlO(
feet. .••!-¦¦¦¦
$3000— Sacramento St.; N. E. corner: lot 37 :i
xlOO feet. ¦ . ¦ ¦
$5600— Masonic ave.; lot 25x100 feet with new
modern house of 10 rooms and bath;. an Idea!
home; everything first-class.
$5753— Lot 25x95 feet on Shotwell st. ; cornel
store and fiat above; this Is a good buy am:
a paying Investment. • ¦ • ¦
$1750— Lot 25x127 :8% • feet; north side of Sac'
ramento st.: near First ave.
: $700— Richmond lots, 25x120 feet; sewered &n<
graded: lots ready to build on.
Further' particulars of BOVEE, : TOT 4
SONNTAG.
IF MORE PEOPLE KNEW HOW
The first two or three Installments paK
toward a home help and stimulate the ownei
to continue paying until the habit of paying
for a home becomes a thing of pleasure am
prudence. : fewer people would have cause t(
regret having paid rent all their lives whet
the same money would have bought them I
home. ¦•¦¦¦¦
• : We are building 4, 5 and 6 room cottage'
In one of the best ¦: parts of the city: good rai
accommodations; gas mains laid, and a health
ful locality.
They are for sale on easy monthly, pay
ments. Make an appointment. Glad to shov
them to you. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
FROM $150 up on ' $5 i monthly Installments
lots In the center of the , city ready to bullc
on: only one block from the i Twenty-secom
st. cars. OSCAR HEYMAN, . 14 Post st.
$75 EACH lot, $75 each lot.
$5 monthly; 25xlC0;- level and ready to buil<
on* only 200 feet from electric cars; a snap
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post aat. -
for~s"ale. . " ; . •
The Largest. Lot. 30:6 Front. . .¦
¦ The deepest lot, 164 ft.; the sunniest lot an<
the cheapest tot in the city, considering loca
tlon and price: $3SC0.
North side Sutter St.. between Scott and De
vlsaflero.- '
Also "100x110 feet: NE. corner; In Unlverslt;
Homeptrnd Association; cheap: make offer."
JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent,
. > 420 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
$3000— MODERN bay-window j house and lot ; t
rooms • and bath; brick ' foundation; ,- 10-foo
basement; 1 ' nep.r.'S car lines;; no reasonabl
'offer "refused;' partcaFh: no : agents: housi
open dally till 12. 1504 Church St., near 27th.
FINE chance 1 to buy an up-to-date home
beautifully situated;' Ideal -neighborhood
Park :< i outlook; «-¦¦ complete In every •' respect
• Apply between 10 and 4 to ¦ 72 Central ave.
. near Halght • >t. ; :..¦¦..'-:¦¦ .'"*•'•.
A" 25-ROOM house, ; finely built, with largi
lot, v in • fine residence ¦ location; suitable ' foi
"a large boardlng-houee; price • less than th<
orlglnalcost of th« house. Apply LICHTEN
'¦' STEIN, " 14 Grant ave. . " '. .
$300— LOT 25x100; •' easy terms; Spring • Valle:
? water; 4 rooms and bath cottage. f!3£0, Twen
''¦ ty-fourth and .Wisconsin 'st. ;• only 4 minutes
>, walk '.to " i Twenty-fourth-st. : electric ¦ , cars
;. RIVERS 'BROS... 227; Montgomery 'st. ' .
SELECT your lot 'anywhere,': we. will buy, I
for ¦ you/ erect >, a] house to , suit and , sell Hit"
, you ; on < very ," easy . terms. ' THE McCARTin
CO.. i 646 .-: Market -. St. . -- . - - : - - - -:-¦•:".
FOR sal«>-TFlne • Income _ paying property. ", N W
-.-'. corner Oold<«n» Gate s and. Seymouc, aves., eas
- of Devisadero et.*, S elegant new modern flats
r owner, on property "daily.- .
REAL, ESTATE CITY— -FOB SALE.
O.- D." BALDWIN ft SON.
Real Estate Aeents.
42 Montgomery Street.
$38,000— Rents $4260 per annum; C of the finest
flats In the city; Inside of. Leavenworth st; lot
66x137:8. .
$16,000— Rents . $1860 per annum; marine view:
flats on Broadway: new and up-to-date: large
lot, sun in every room; lot S0xlJ7:6. ¦
$5000— Rents $836 per annum; 3 nice bay-win-
dow flats on Minna st. : a snap.
$25,000— Mission, north side, near Fourth; rents
$130 per month. - > . - j
$8000— A snap; half 50-vara lot on water front:
under. lease; ground rent pays over 6 per cent!
net/ - - ¦ ¦ .
$12,500— Post, near Hyde; 34:4x137:6: good house '
of 12 rooms; - could be converted into . flats .
of 9 rooms and bath; two toilets, etc; sun all
day.
$11,000— NW. cor. Bush and Laguna; fine resi-
dence. , . .
$36.000— Large corner. S7:6xS5; north of Mar-
ket. -Inside Polk; rents $2400.
$27.500-Corner on Eddy. Inside of Larkln;
37:6x87:6; pays 6 per cent.
$18, 000 — Rents $16S6 per annum; Leavenworth.
rear Turk: 6 fine flats: always rented.
. $16.000— Fifth, near Market; "3-story building;
rents $1200 oer annum.
$12,5C0— Elegant corner residence on Presidio
Heights: 19 rooms. 2 baths; open plumbing,
electric lights, etc.; large lot. 43x102.
?00CO— Large corner on Mission St., 70x73; three
stores and flats of 7 rooms; rents low at $70 per
month.
?60.000 — Large downtown corner, on O'Farrell
St.. .70x90; covered with stores and Oats: rents
about J30O.
$60,000— Large corner on Oeary St.. inside' of
Larkln; 137:6x70; old buildings pay about & per
cent net. '
$38.000— L&rge corner, principal street tn the
Mission; 300 feet frontage; covered with build-
inifs; Days 6 per cent.
$25,000— Splendid brfck building on Battery:
rents 1130 per month; one tenant; no water
bills; no repairs.
$6oOOr-E:egant home on Fresldto Heights: 9
rooms and bath; pressed brick front, poreclaln |
bath, open hardwood floors, ¦ fur- (
nace. etc.; a bargain. f
J7500 — Pacific ave., near Stelner: 25x137:6; j
house of 9 rooms and bath; cream location. '
J15C0— Nice new cottage in Klchmond District;
6 rooms and porcelain bath; brick foundations.
SS500 — Handsome house of 2 flats: upper has S
rooms and bath: lower 9 rooms and bath; lot 50
xl75; beautiful grounds, lawn and flowers; room
to build another house; fine stable of 4 stalls, 1
harness-room and loft; cost $15,000; must be ;
sold: near Panhandle entrance.
$15,000 — Hyde, near Sutter: 50x137:6; splendid
location for hotel or apartment house.
12000 each— Three lots on Van Ness ave. ; street
accepted: 25xlC9 each.
$410O— Rents $36; 3 fiats of 3 and 4 rooms and
j bath, tn the heart of the city; lot only one-
third built on; would pay big interest it Im-
proved.
$3150— Marine view lot; north side of Clay,
near Laurel ; very cheap. :
$S500 — Rents $62 per month; 4 flats of 4 rooms !
and bath each; always rented; Sacramento,
near Devisadero; lot 27x106.
$13.000— Pacific ave.. near Webster; sunny side
of street; house, 7 rooms and bath: lot 30xl27:S.
J900O— Nearly new. handsome house of 1Z
rooms. 2 baths, furnace, etc.: hardwood floors:
everything up-to-date; cost $17,000; key lot; 27:6
:cl37:B: crand marine view.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
f38 Market street.
i DOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER.
$40,000— 100x123 ft.; covered by stores, flats,
residences, etc.; pays $3100 per annum;
greatest bargain offered to-day.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION CORNER
FLATS.
J27.5OO— 5 new modern flats on the best corner
• cf the Western Addition; rented low
*21C0.
PACE-STREET RESIDENCE.
$5,000— Elegant modern residence. 10 rooms and
bath; block from Panhandle: make
offer.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6,00*— 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences: near Hayes and
Lyon sts. ; 21x112:6.
SNAP-J5750.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$5,750—3 elegant modern flats. 5-5-« rooms and
bath; rents $638 per annum; 10 minutes
from Market and Kearny; street bltu-
minlzed; cement walk.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$5,000— Elegant modern residence: 9 rooms and
bath; few feet from Panhandle; can
arrange any terms desired.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
j " • ¦ ii
$3,0CO— 2 modern flats of 5 rooms and bath
i each; sunnv side; near Laguna; tix
137:6; forced *alc.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$J,000— On any terms; owner compelled to sell:
cozy home of 7 rooms and bath: mod-
ern and up-to-date In detail; near Van
Ness ave.
$300 cash-balance as rent.
\ beautiful' modern home.
$3,000— 5 rooms and bath; porcelain both; tile
mantels; dome ceilings; fine gas fix-
tures; 2SxlC0; cars one block.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
> ; 63S Market st.
ALL Genuine Bargains in This List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$1400— A cozy, home; only half cash.
$235<>— Two splendid flats; rented $23; near :
Suth st
$2500 — Seven rooms, bath: Hyde St.; bargatn.
t $3200 — Three nice flats: all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission sts. : pays 10 per cent.
$3500— Corner 40x90. with good 10-room house;
" Hyde St.; cost $12.0CO.
$7750— Splendid Investment; near Van Ness
! sve. ; rents $31; all rented.
$950Oj-r!uslness property; Ninth st.. near Mls-
l s:cn; rents $45.
$12.5CO— Leavenworth 6t.; rents $105; lot 55-
foot front.
$14,000— Three elegant flats; rents $150; all
I nnted; half Cash; must selL
$14.000— Fine Jackson-st. residence, 14 rooms,
2 baths; strictly modern: must sell.
, $14.000— Three elegant fiats; rented for $140;
- sv.-ell locality.
$20.000— Sutter St.; grand corner; 87:6 front;
• rents $155.
• $28. 000— Business property of 4 stores *nd 8
> flats; rents $250.
i $38.0CC— Mlpslon-st. corner; 170x160; actually
worth $55,000: must sell at once.
1 $40.000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
- n-r.ts $240.
$55.000 — Grand corner: 60-foot front; few
) blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75,C0O— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
( block of Tivoli: old improvements; rents $100.
- Other bargains.
' . Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
I SEE OUR NEW SUNSET BLOCKS.
Cheapest and choicest lots ever offered.
I On Seventh. Eighth. Ninth avenues and K St.
t $500. $630~To $750. "
Only $50 down. $10 monthly.
1 All graded, ready to build oil Splended view of
r Park and Ocean.
1 Don't miss this opportunity for bargains.
> .
i Sunset branch office. Ninth avenue, nesr H
i street. Open every lay and Sunday.
r $400 to $750— Choice Richmond lots— $10 monthly.
$75. $100 to $350: best Ocean boulevard lots: $5
monthly; select them now.
$100— Mission lots, near : cars: $£ monthly.
: $750. ' $1000 to $25T0; . modern cottages: Sunset.
1 Richmond or Mission: all bargains; easy
i terms. -
- SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle bulldlnc.
- HAWKS & SKELTON. .
- Rents collected and entire charge taken of
property.
1 • $15,000— Southwest corner Leavenworth and
• Green sts.: 137,xlS7; good house; handsome
i grounds; -superb view; easy approach from
", Union or Hyde st. cars. .
$6000— Corner Larkln. - near Chestnut: 137x137:
f finest marine view in the city; easy of access
from Hyde-it cars.;
. $5500— Clay St., near Leavenworth; < rooms;
• may take less. e^Ss£**«««B$fcJKBI_£9«*
j • $2000 each — Lots; Green st., near. Hydc-st.
t cars.---- -¦
I Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery et., corner
, Gold, .near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
• thousand; will pay well; good place for can-
™ nery. -
• -. $5500— Pine St., near ' Van Ness ave.; lot 23x
; ,120:. this Is a bargatn to build flats on.
$3lC0— Lot, Devisadero, near Grove; 78*110;
. for a, few days only at this reduced price; on
: main drive to Park." •• .•:..-¦-
- HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
r $4700 FOR a first-class modern house on Ash-
• bury. Heights; houses Just completed contain
- " 7 rooms . and finished basement; only S left
' 1 of 8; see these at once- if you want a coxy.
• sunny, handsome . home In Al locality and a
' . bargain; Clayton st,. south- of Frederick;
I ' Masonic-ave. cars pats the door. J. 6TIKR-
. LEN. owner, on premises, or J. ENGLISH
• 11 Montgomery . st.
- FOR sale— Southeast ' corner Kearny and Dush;
1 23:8 cn Kearny by 6S:9 on Bush; rents (HI 50.
r J° Hy F. COMMINS. Agent. 213 Sansome at.
¦, IT you wantto'buy a nice cottage cheap look
• at . that one on Folsom . and Stoneman sts.
; FOR Bale— Cottage, i rooms, at a bargain In-
quire store. Twenty-eighth, and Alabama sts.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOB SA*.C
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
SIS- 220 Montgomery st.. Mills Building.
A MARINE VTKW RESIDENCE.
H3.50O
North stde of Vallejo St.. between Buchanan
and Webster: lot 40 feet front by 137:6 feet la
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; house about 5 years old; inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains in marine-view homes ever put on th«
market; lot and Improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over (13.00*.
INVESTMENT-PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7300— Rents $¦* per month: south of Market
st.. between Third and Fourth; cali at our
office for full description.
POWELL ST. LOT AND. IMPROVEMENTS.
$4500— Rents $12 SO; U.t 22:11x83:9 feet' to rear
street; Improvements _-i>r.»:st of store and Cats.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$63CO-Lot SO feet front by 60 feet depth:
Leavenworth st.. near Broadway: improve-
ments, are four 8-story houses, renting for
$53 50; certainly an elegant proposition for in-
vestors.
CORNER FLATS.
JSOOO— Corner of Buchanan St.: modern Cats;
renting for $64; lot S4xSl:3 feet.
TURK -ST., NEAR LARKIN.
$32o0 — Two elegant flats and lot 2T>xl37:( feet;
rents for $70; 8 and 7 rooms and bath.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2100— Fair Oaks St., near Twenty-fourth; I
rooms and bath: lot 23x108 feet: mortgage of
' $10GO can remain at 8 per cent.
: (14,000—3 Bats; Sutter at., near Webster; rents
for $105; lot 27:6x137:8 f«et; fins investment.
! JSOOO- Valencia st.. near Fourteenth: lot Wx
100 f«et to twenty-foot street in rear; terms.
! JK.CO cash, balance on bank mortgage at 6 per
' cent.
$32CO— Florida st.. near Twenty-fifth: lot 27x
1 1C0 feet, with house of i flats: rents 127 50; you
can pay U0O cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments of $36 63 or less It desired.
I 11000— Corner Oak and Baker sts.: »rt«:Htt»;
facing Park Panhandle.
JKSO-Nlnth st.. near Bryant: lot 25x100 feet;
cheap.
J2000— West line Church St. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents foe
| $15: modern; lot 25xlG0; a bargain.
• S1950— Price reduced from $22iO; modern cot-
1 tace on Second ave.. near Point Lobns; 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or 50x130 for K75O.
$3000 — Three modern flats; Jackson st., near
Broderick; rents $73 50; for sale at less than
CMt.
J27a>-<— Marine view; corner of Vallejo St.. near
Jones: 34:6 front; Improvements rent fnr |21.
S_,SO0 — California and Octavia sts.; EG. cw-i
fine residence lot; building now on lot to t>«
removed; size 63:5x137:6.
$7750— Reduced from $3C0O; elegant Presidio
! Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout: finished base-
ment with furnace, et:.; lot U:i x i'SlZi:SY i ; fin*
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty hon.e on Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furnished; lot
35xls6:3, to rear street. \
SHAINWALD, BCCKBEE & CO..
21S-22O Montgoaiery st.. Mills Building.
$10— TEX Dollars a Month. No Interest. Win
Buy a Nice Lot on Any of These Streets.
Castro street, Minnesota street.
Diamond street. Tennessee street.
Day street. Michigan street. /*-. :
Duncan street, Georgia street.
Valley street. Louisiana street.
Bosworth street, Maryland street,
Utah street. Delaware street.
Nebraska street. Nineteenth street.
Carolina street. Twenty-third street.
Wisconsin street. Twenty-fourth street.
Arkansas street. Twenty-fifth street. ;
Connecticut street. Twenty-sixth street.
Missouri street. Twenty-seventh street.
Texas street. Twenty-eighth street.
Mississippi street. Twenty-ninth street.
Indiana street. I San Bruno avenue.
A bargain— Elegant 12-room residence; K*
Hayes st. ; sunny side of the street; and every
"room in the house sunny and warm: size of
lot 67x137:6; will sell at a great bargain.
RIVERS BROS..
237 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. 4C3 Pine St.. near Montgomery.
$?2.£00 — Rent $13S0 per annum; on McAllister
St., near Laguna: £3x120 to rear street.
$17,100— Rent $1560 per annum: lot 40x120; an,
Hayes st. to rear; Z stores. 2 flats and J well-
ings.
J23.MO— Rent $1620 per annum; on Polk st.; a
bargain,
$20,100— Rent $1680 per annum; on O'Farrell
si.: a pick-up.
$11.'jC0— Rent $1488 per annum: Iarga corner
property: stores and fiats.
S4SC0 — Mike offer: rent $3S5 per annum: 2 fin*
flats on Folsom st., nr. Fourth: always rental.
$70.00»>-A centrally located property; a bar-
gain.
$10.Pfff— Ftve cottages and lot ICO feet front by
S2:6 feet depth: on Eddy st, near Scott.
$5730— Rent $C-5 per annum; a fine 3-story
hf>u?e. ftore and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary at..
cc«r Flllmore.
J4C0O— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st.. near Central ave.; fine oottags
of S rooms and bath; lot « 25x110.
CHEAP PROPERTIES.
$.ro will buy a lot tn the City Land Association
that cost over $100 many years ago; a nest-egx
for a prudent rr.an.
$2C0— A corner, 73x100, in South San Francisco;
level and good: only corner this size that can
be bousht for this money.
$200 each for 8 lots In Holly Park; must b*
sold within 5 days; a grand buy.
$275 buys 3 lots south of Park, near I st. ; they
are well worth $500. but must be sold: will
bring bis returns in a short time.
JIcEWEN BROS., 113 Montgomery st. 1
IF you have lots in large or small subdivisions
north of the park, in the Richmond district,
between Twelfth ave. and th- ocean, and you
want to sell, then call on W. J. GCNN. (30
California
$2700—6- ROOM houses cn easy terms or cash: a
bargain; on Elizabeth st. J. ANDERSON.
FOR sale— 5 lots and imp.; $1RCO cash or long
time. Address box 2511. Call office. .
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. OKORQE M. SALSBURT.
builder: office 1333 Market st
$2750— PACIFIC Heights lot ready to build on.
THE McCARTHT CO.. tn Market st.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and th»
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
IF you have lots to sell north of th<* Park.
then call on XV. J. GUNN. S30 California st.
JIEAL _^ATE-^cbU7STRif^F«»7Sjiiil»
FOR rale In Contra Costa County— 90 acres;
an attractive country borne, highly improved
and productive, with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; targe and commo-
dious dwelling house, t rooms and bath;
small house for workmen and two fine barns;
out buildings; there are 4S00 fruit trees nf
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
simmons, plums, apples, olive and fig; trees
elsht years old and In full bearing: abund-
ance of shade trees.
There are several natura! spring*, also wstl
and tank of 10.000 gallons, which supplies
'house and grounds: also a live creeK. Its la
situated not far from the famous Bancroft
¦ orchard. Terms. SSOOO cash payment, balanc*
can remain on mortgage for 3 year*. Inter-
est st 7 per cer.t. or wculd accept good cit/
or Oakland prorierty for balance*. For fur-
ther particulars ca'l on EDWIrf W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery st-. city. .
AN INSTALLMENT PROPOSITION. "
We are subdlvldtrg th» Bonner subdlvlston
of the celebrated Wolfskin grant, near Win-
ters. Tolo County, the earliest frutt and vege-
table land in the Stater will sell In lots nf M
acres and upward at $75 per acre, one-third
cash, balance lonr time if desired at * p«r
cent net: this is the choice of th« Wolfskin
grant and Is »<1i»oted to fruit. v»get"»hle!i, al-
falfa or anything that grows In the State;
there Is nothlnr better, either f"r quality of
?oii cr desirability nf location. For full par-
ticular" mil t «<Mre*s
DAVID BITSH A SON. 10 Montgomery St.. or
¦ send for new catsloirue.
6nl "
Oil Land*.
For sale or lease.
In all the principal district*. :
of country lands for sale.
"Write or call - for our list of farms, vine-
yards, crazing lands, etc.
San Mateo residences, lets, country homeii
and marsh lands.
McAI~E T4ROTHTCRS.
¦•"».;. V 1M Montgomery st.
AT your own price to accomplish *rutek salt;
cost over $3CCA: 21 acres choice land: 500 bear-
ing: prune trees, 40O apple trees. 4 years old;
5-room house, barn, chlcken-housea. etc : ex-
cellent well: immediate poMe«ion; might
rent or exchange if I cannot sell. Address
or apply (forenoens* to F. H. CHALMERS.
202 Eighth St.. San Francisco. ' ¦
RUBEN STEIN A CLARK— Headquarters fur
Kings County land*. T'.r.eyanis. orchards and
stock ranches. 22 Flood building.
$3<5.*CO FOR a fine S-story and basement brlclt
business block tn th: b»*t cltv In San Joaquln
Valley: monthly .Incoree MS3. .
RUBKN9TEIN * CLARK. S3 Flood bid*.
IN Mill Valler— House and lot for vale cheap
on account of departure. E2S Turk St.. S. F.
for Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ; MARCH 24^ 1901.
3
30
7-room house will be sold for : $150 over th€
mortgage; party ha* other property that ! he
wants to occupy and does not desire to rent;
lot is BSxl50; good & table; . mortgage of $2500
at % per cent can remain on the property;
this makes a very cheap rent; only tig 67 per
month. JAMBS S. NAISMITH, 412 Ninth St.
EAST OAKLAND-Oood large corner lot and
ONLY 1750 will buy a new modern cottage of
4 nice rooms, with bathroom, boiler, etc. ;
high basement; only built about a year ago;
owner has gone away and Is wining to sac-
rifice in order to make a quick sale; has been
reduced from $900; easy terms can be arranged
If desired; this home Is right on Twenty-third
ave.; In the- midst of Rood. Improvements.
JAS. 6. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth at., Oakland.
OIL land. Kern River district, patented, S25
per acre; McKIttrlck, . 400 acres, J26. C. K.
KING. 952 Broadway.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
. nlshed rms., -suites, single; also ' unfurnished.
BUSH, 1C84. near Leavenworth— Elegant suite
of rooms for gentleman only.-, . : ..;><, ;
AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.-Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large . rooms; . modern conveniences;
rooms EOc up; "first-class meals 26c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOU8E, 148 Sixth-Rooms,
. 25c to Jl per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. :
154 ACRES patented land. Alameda County,
J1000; 640 acres patented land, near Uvermore.
$3750. C. K. KINO. 452 Broadway. ?
GREAT coal business; pays (1200 month; best
in Oakland: for eal« cheap. C. K. KINO,
S£2 Broadway. Oakland.
R0OM8 TO LET., - .
A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, ". unf urnlshed, -with or without - board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTIKQ
CO.. 22 Kearny St.. tel. 2334 Red. ¦:¦¦¦¦¦ ; ¦:.-. ¦, •; -, ¦•¦••
CHICKEN ranch: 12\4 acres; Lafayette, near
Oakland; bouse, running water, orchard;
*15W. C. K. KING, !'C2 Broadway.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE, The — Ready ror I occupancy; • Just
what you have been waiting ; for; most ele-
gantly furnished rooming-house in the city;
parties with references Invited to inspect; all
the latest Improvements. McAllister -¦ st..
corner Larkln; rooms shown In the evening.
Son Francisco, aged • years 5 months and
17 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the resldenc* of
his carenta, 1023 Hampshire street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Jt&^ISMBKstnaB
WALTMANN— In this city, Marco 12, 1901,
Leopold Waltmann, beloved' husband of tho
late Bertha J. Waltmann. and father of Mr*.
.. Fred Schutt* and Mrs. Robert BarttMi. a
. native of Germany, aged 65 years 4 months
. and 28 days. A member of Norman Lode*
No. 1341. K..of H.
C7 Friends and acquaintance* ar» respect*
.. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor* of
. H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laursi
Hill Cemetery.
WILZINSKI— In this city. March . ft, U01.
Frances Wllzlnskl of Seattle, Waah.. beloved
sister of Maria, Virginia, Mark and William
, Wilzlnski and- Albert ¦"Wiltin, and aunt ot
Miriam Goodman, a natlvs of New York.
(Seattle and Portland papers ple&s« copy.)
EyFriends are respectfully Invited u> at-
tend tbe funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock/ at 20U Bush street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by t:20
o'clcck train from Third maA Townsend
streets. .
WITHAM— In this city. March a. 1901. Charles
B., beloved son, of Lydla A. and ti» ]%t+
William Witham.
WOLL1TZ— In Oakland. March tX, 1301, Theo-
dore, beloved husband of Christine vVolltta,
and father of Mrs. Frank Oruner. Mr*. Wai-
ter Young and Theodore A., Herman, Oscar,
Ernest. William and Adoloh Wolllta, a na-
tive of Strelitz, Germany, aged 70 years I
months and 9 days, i
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
Sutter street, between Stockton and Powell.
Sin Francisco. Services under ti>« auspices
of Steel Haln. Order of Druids. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city, March 23. 1801. Edward
Joseph, youngest son of George W. and An-
nie Young, and brother of Oenavtevo. Georgl*
and. Annie Young, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 8 months and 14 days.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence)
of the parents. 18 Thirteenth street. Inter-
ment private. In Holy Cross Cemetery.
the very unusual kind
It Is worth your while to step In
and see our new mattings.
Some unusually pretty patterns
from Japan — splendid colorings,
thorough weave and an altogether
fine matting for folks who prefer
matting to cheap carpet. \ ~
Of course It is a little higher priced
, than ordinary matting but it's worth
| every cent we ask, and that Is 75c a
yard.
. You, are always welcome to comt
and see our goods.
Sdxhietei;
215-217 Sutter Street— above Kearny.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦- V«'»"rln, »t. ; \ :-.-.¦.¦¦. -:-.-:- -.-.¦.-¦. ''¦¦.-¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
VAN NESS ave.. 815— Entire parlor floor, with
regular kitchen and yard; sun all day.
VAN NESS, 232— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range; other furn. rooms.
{30,000— A FINE business block, paying splen-
did revenue, at a bargain.
A foreclosure sacrifice — 7-room cottage near
32d and Telesrraph; extra chocle lot. 50x163;
reduced to $2500; make offer.
$8D00— Elegant central 12-room home; beautl.
ful grounds; sold once $18,000: offer wanted.
$4250 — Cost $6000; modern corner flats; will
rent $40 month.
$2500— Store and upper flat; rents $25 month;
very central location.
An offer wanted, cash or trade, for equity in
new 8-room Jiouse. S minutes' walk Broadway
and 14th; price S3850; incumbrance 12750.
$1000— Residence lot 00x140; worth J1500.
$3500— Business lot; 60 ft.; mortgage $200;
make offer. *
S2750 — Lakeside residence ; lot 60x150; snap.
$£00 for a home lot: Clinton station.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4£0 and 462 Eighth st, Oakland.
TURK, 613—2 sunny; furnished rooms; house-
keeping, $10 month. .
TURK, 332 — One large housekeeping room; run-
ning water; bath.
THIRD, 625— Three sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and wash tubs.
A BANKER'S home, 8 rooms, grandly situated;
half block magnificent grounds; $17,000 ex-
pended; price 18000; must sell quick; going to
Europe. LATMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth Et., Oakland.
TAYLOR. 1132, near Clay— S1O; two furnished
housekeeping rooms.
SOUTH PARK. U«-Two nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping. $10; others.'
SIXTH, 541 — Front and back parlor for house-
keeping, $10; single rooms, $4.
$1650 FOR a $25C0 property In East Berkeley; 2
blocks from station: 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful'
neighborhood: we are instructed to sell with-
out reserve; MOO cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
SHOTWELL, 121— Two front rooms furnished
for light housekeeping; gas for cooking; bath.
ROOMS TO t LET — Furn. and Unf urn.
EDDT. 872-^-New elegantly furnished rooms," en
suite or single; see them :¦ reasonable. -.--
FIFTH. 353— Sunny furnished small ball room,
FULTON. , 116— Large sunny front room ; also
single room and a . housekeeping room. ; . - '
GEARY. 384— Comfortable Blngle room for gent;
rent $5. ; ¦":¦¦¦¦; ;;, -" ¦ ; - ; . -' ':¦.
GOLDEN GATE. ¦- 620— Two desirable, large
,: sunny rms. ; use of bath; private family; gas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
¦ and Mission sts.— Sunny j rooms, en suite or
; single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 1154— A large sunny furnished
front room and kitchen. $12. ; ¦¦¦•¦¦ -'¦-.
HYDE, 19— Large sunny front room, nicely fur-
nlshed. to respectable party; bath, and tel. ...
JESSIE. * 363, near 5th and Market — Furnished.
room, $4 a month; large room, 2 beds, $8.
LARKIN. 707, nr. Ellis— Newly furnished sunny
front room.' $6 ; private family In small flat.
MARKET, *1032— Changed hands; nice sunny
. double rooms, $1 25 up. " \ »' •
MARKET, 1055, opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double; bath.
MASON. 311 — Single furnished rooms; also two
modern housekeeping room«.
McALLISTER,' 477— Nicely furnished front and
back parlor for light housekpg.; also single.
MINNA, 667. \ corner I Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MOSS/* 24%. near Howard-4 unfurnished rooms-
good yard and water; rent $9.
NATOMA.' 258 — Two sunny front rooma; rea-
sonable. .- . ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. '
OAK. 119— Sunr.y front room furnished for light
housekeeping; closet; one person, $5.
O'FARR^LL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
POLK, • (f)3 — Pleasant sunny roonu ; bath ; run-
nlng water. .
POST, 215— Elegant rooms, $2 50 to $8 a week;
gentlemen preferred. '
FOST. 527— Nice large room, reasonable; small
room, closet, sunny, $1 25 week; private fam.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
. lor; rooms, per night, 85c to $1 B0; week, $2 to
$8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
room* with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALH House. 319-321 Ellis «t.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $125 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt., nr.
Market— Furnished or unfurnished. t :
SHOTWELL, : 219 — One furnished bedroom and
one unfurnished.
SUTTER. 309—1 furnished rooms on first floor,
$5 per week; also small furnished room, $1 25
per week. .
TENTH, ¦ 148— Nice boy- window pp.rlor, suitable
for 2; no children; rent reasonable.
THE BERLIN, 23S Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
VAN NESS ave., 1419— Newly, furnished front
i suite and single room; gas: bath; telephone.
$3 A MONTH , to share nice, lar»e, furnished,
-.'sunny room; gentleman. Bcx 2569, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
'¦ -subscriptions :has ;been established at 1090
;' Valencia ft. ¦>
rooms ? Asn no ard.
AT. the ' old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
'.Church.'" with: annex 807 California st.*.' may
be found a most- exceptionally good. table.' at-'
• ' : tractive '; an<l '¦ sightly rocms , at ; modest ¦ rates.'.
HANDSOMELY t furnished room3 ; board '• first-
class; use parlor: piano; phone. S50 Van Ness.
_ _ ¦¦_'_.¦ nOOMS^WAXTRP; ¦ "'.:- / : ; ''.;/;
LARGE room and light housekeeping privileges
for April :1. for elderly couple. Address E. K.
'. McC. £24 Lyon st.' :;¦:-- . ,.-.%:¦>; ..'.;¦ ¦; '¦'.-;
WANTED— Home .for. old lady. Invalid ; not
-over $15 month. -Address box 2G21.Call offlct;.
srr;ci al • notices. ; ;
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
: are thesbest: safe, reliable: take no -other;
',. ssnd'4c stamps for! particulars; -> "Relief ; for
Ladles" . in 'letter: by. return mall;'at drug-
gists. Chichester, Chemical Co.. Phlladai., Pa. r
MATKRNITY HOSPITAL, 9S7 Market St.— La-
dles during conf)n?m»nt w.JO days^care.. VX.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad?;
• clty'hr country.* PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
- 41V Montgr.Tn? ry ft., rooms 9-19: tel. *¦ 55*0. .
REWIXG* MA«III\E9 AXIJ SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold' and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1?15 Ivlisaion. nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought; sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone. Black 1124, 205 4th*
BOUGHT, ROM. rented, repaired; needier -and
shuttles: reduced rates.' 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARPS AXI) POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. -.DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103, phone Folsom 1569.
STORAGE ASD WAREHOUSES.
plERCE^RODOLPir Storage^ ajncT Movlng"coTT
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
EEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission, St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Ptori-ge and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. -
GOLDEN -WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1S21. F.W. ZEHFUS3.'-
SUDURDAX RESIDENCES. /
FOR sale — In Mill Valley, 2- room cottage and
tent, furnished for housekeeping. Owner, 518
Jersey et., San Francisco. •
SU3IMER nESORTS.
LaISkSPIIR.^ "CaU— Wanted^X~"few select
boarders for the summer, with references.
Address P. O. box 54.
TRUSSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
sunporters made, repaired. Mengc, 503 Kearny.
TVPEWRITKH8 AND SUPPLIES. .
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
¦ house in the city; rentals. $3. -The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California; telephone Main 268.
v LEGAL ADVERTISE3IENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
• pcration, upon its application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.397. Dept. 10.
Notice, is hereby riven that Honolulu Sunar
Company,- a corporation organized and • exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of buslnefs In tne city and county of
Ban Francisco, State of California, has filed
. Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board of . directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment : of - dissolution of , said
corporation ; and - that Monday, March Kth,
1901, at 10 o'clock a.m.; at the courtroom of
»ald court. Department . No." 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
' dsco. " have been appointed as * the day, - time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 190L
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
. By E.il. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk, (tn-
'dorsed.)- Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON, ¦. Deputy Clerk.
MAKRIAGE • LICENSES.
The following* marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Julius Kenke, 28, 443 Guerrero street, and
Ottllge Mllbradt. 23, : 443 Guerrero etreet. - "..••
Mattio Diginaro, 32, 215 Vallejo street, and
Rosa Luceta, 20, city. " ; ¦
> Christian Iverson, 24. 1718 Bryant street, and
Annie Miller, 23, 619 Baker street. i
Stephen Brown. 32. 953 Howard street, and
Lucy - O'Meara. 28, •> Oakdale. •' •¦
Ture R.-, Tlllman, 31, 929H ' Natoma street,
and Karen S. Johansen, 23, S29% Natoma street.
Edward f I. - Farmer, "¦ 28, ¦- New York City, ; and
Catharine M. Farmer,' 27. .876 Eddy street. ¦-'
- J. T. ' Berry, 25, city, and Clalrbel ; Seaman,
1 25.^clty. •-',-, .•- ¦¦*>.'.-.<•-•? -.---..:;. ¦•-;,¦ .- .' ?:.\r- •¦*¦¦'
."'" Lulgl Santonl. 28/ 9 ; St. Charles place, and
Palmira Gandolfo, . 28, 474 Broadway.
¦ Wen* Hlnr Ark. 85. 924 ; Stockton street, and
Quee Ylngr. 25, 924 Stockton street. - -,¦..•••-,..•
¦ Wong Chong, : 42, 24 Rose alley, and 'Kim ;
Owe, 22, 24 Rose alley. ¦ ¦¦' \ '
BIRTHS-iMRRIAGES— DEATHS. '
Birth, J raarriac-e 7 arid death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at > either i of I the publication ¦ offices and I b»
Indorsed i wl th I the I name and > residence I of per-
sons authorized to have , the tame published. .
: BORN. ;
ANDREWS— In this city. ' March - IS, ; 1901. to
„-. the wife of T.,P. Andrews, ia daughter. .
COLLINS— In ' this ; city, f March "• 19, > 190L to the
¦ wife of J. V. , Collins,-; a i daughter. -
DOYLE— In this city.! February 21, 1301, to ttx*
j ¦¦ wifoof Thomas Doyle, a son.^ .,..;.' .
$1100— ORIGINALLY cost J20O0: cottage of 5
rooms and bath; high basement; 3 blocks from
echool; cars, stores, etc.; $300 cash, balance
mortgage; a positive bargain and must be
sold; call early.
' . J. 6. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$22jO— ONLY $300 cash; brand new latest design
cottage; open plumbing; latest In everything;
near local station, Bchools, cars and business
centers; cost IZ100 to duplicate; seeing is be-
lieving; call early.
J. R. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
SECOND, 212 — Furnished for housekeeping;
clean, respectable and reasonable. • . ~.->
POLK, 717, near Eddy— 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, with bath; $10.
PERRT, 129. near Fourth — t nice runny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, $6.
NINTH. 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath; reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room, $8; large sunny room and kitchen com-
plete for $12.
MISSION, 173S— Sunny front suite completely
furnished for housekeeping; bath; mod-
ern; $12.
MISSION. 1729H, near Thirteenth— Two eunnv
f urnlshed housekeeping rooms; bath and
laundry; IS.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms. 75c and $1 per week.
McDETtMOTT place, 7, off Jones, Eddy and
Turk — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
McALLISTER. 2000. cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; sink; $10.
MARTHA place, 4, off Geary, bet. Taylor and
Mason— 2 sunny furnished rooms for housekpg.
McALLISTER, 412, near Van Ness— Three fln«
sunny front rooms; unfurnished; for house-
keeping. . ,. :
MITCHELL— In thi» city. March 23. "1901. Rose
E., beloved daughter ; of William Mitchell,
and sister of Mrs. Sarah Beal and Rudolph,
William and Henry Mitchell, a native of
Col ma. Cal.. aged 18 years 3 months and 5
i"n i i i^llJiWiflMtii fiilM/jwiiHlM
MORGAN— In this city, March 22. 1901. Ralph,
beloved Infant son of R. E. and Jeannette
Morjran.
MURPHY— In this city. March 23. 1901. Mary
Josephine, beloved, daughter of Thomas and
the late Katherlne Murphy, and sister of
¦William, Anna, Agnes, Frank and th« late
John Henry Murphy, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 4 days. '3£BBalM9af
B^r Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerafctta-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. S54 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. - Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
NIBEL— In this city, March 21. 1901. William
Nibel, a native of Sweden, aged 70 years.
JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-m6rrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 .CFarreU street.
Interment National Cemetery. .¦
NORTON— In this city, March 22, 1901. Ellen
M., beloved wife of the late Cantain Henry
M. Norton, and mother of Mrs. Jesse Caflisa.
Mrs. Ida Kieve and Walter W. and the late
Henry M. Norton, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 63 years 7 months and 19 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at l:S0 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence, 51S Larkln street, between Turk and
Eddy streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
NORTON— In this city. March 23. 1901. John
Louis, beloved husband of Eva F. Norton,
father of John -L., Albert J.. Evy M. and
May Norton, and brother of Thomas F. Nor-
ton, a native of San Francisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1917 Polk street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery..
PARKER— In this city, March 23. 1901. John
Parker, husband of ths lata Amelia B. Par-
ker, and father of Edward A. and Miss
Frank M. Parker and Mrs. Joe Abrahams,
a native . of Ireland, aged 84 years 1 month
and 23 days. (Grass Valley papers please
copy.) ¦¦;..--
|E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 621 Post street. The remains will
be taken to Grass Valley Monday morning
for Interment.
PEDDAR— In Paris, France, March 6, 1901. of
acute Dn«umonia. Cecelia. Frances (Fanny)
Peddar. wife of Sydney H. Peddar of 21 Ken-
sington Palace Gardens. London, and daugh-
ter of the late William Arthur Green of San
Francisco.
PETERS— In this city. March 82. 1301. Stephen
Peters, beloved father of John Peters. Mrs.
J. W. Ryan. Mrs. H. McMenemln and the
late Mrs. Mary Brannan, a native of Thurles,
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 81 years 3
months and 1 days.
E7 Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. J. W. Ryan, 3623 Nine-
teenth street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy ¦ Crosa Cemetery.
RINES— In • this " city. March 20, 1901. Dr.
Charles H. Rlnes, beloved husband o* Carrie
Mathilda Rlnes. brother,' of John Rines of
Seattle, and twin brother of the late Joshua
R. Rines, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 67
years 10 months and 14 days.
C7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
•;. (Sunday), from Pythian Castle. 909 Market
. street, where service* will be held, commenc-
ing at 12 o'clock. Interment Cyoress Lawn
. Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Sixth
and Harrison streets. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1133 Mission street
between Seventh and Eighth. -„
SANDOW — Suddenly." In Randsburg Kern
. County,* George Sandow, beloved husband of
Dora : Engle ' Sandow (nee Warnecke) and
brother , of , ¦ Mrs. The. Wagner and Frank
Sandow, & native of Berlin, ¦ Germany ami
"- 48 years. - :-". ..'- - -. . . . - •"¦"•""
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter. *v .
SEGER— In this city. March 21. I90L Mtrrin
' J. Seger, beloved son of . Henry _ and Lillian
6e«-«r. , brother of Adrt S««er. andTgranason
cf Mr.aod Mr». A-'Siedanbaclu i, £»y y % £
THOSE 6 new homes which MYERS & CO.
have for sale are the finest and most up to
data of anything in the house, line that has
ever been offered for 6ale; space will not
permit extolling their charming qualities ;
locations are varied, ranging in price from
$1000 to $4500, from 5 to 9 rooms each; Just
completed and ready for inspection; wcrth
the trip to Oakland to see them; no thought
or money has been spared to make these
houses the finest ever offered for sale; easy
terms can be arranged for payments; we
cordially Invite the public to see these prop-
erties whether you purchase or not; car-
riages always at the office for accommoda-
tion of our patrons free of charge. J. S.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway.
$5600 FOR property originally cost $5500; 64
feet frontage; house of 9 rooms and bath;
barn with coachman's room; private water
supply on premises; -water fountain: shrub-
bery flowers, etc; In fact, an Ideal home for
a little money; ten minutes* walk from busi-
ness centers and local trains; terms $S0O cash,
balance bank mortgage; positively must bt
sold: first come first served. J. S. MYERS
& CO.. 1002 Broadway.
GUERRERO, !05— Two furnished rooms and
parlor; piano; bath; porch; $14; whole flat- $18.
JOHNSON House. 1293 Fol*om. ; cor. Ninth—
Nice sunny rooms; quiet house; adults.
FRANKLIN. 21 (The Newport)— Housekeeping
rms. ; running water, gas; phone Howard 2472.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
ELEVENTH, 13C— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
EDDY. 939—2 large newly papered rooms; thor-
oughly clean; regular kitchen; no children.
125 to 131 Kearny Street
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
EDDT, 443 — Large sunny furnished room suit-
able for light housekeeping.
BARTLETT, 414—3 sunny connecting unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; sink and j bath.
ROOMS FOR* HOUSKKEETING.
AUSTIN ave.. 102, off Polk, bet. Bush and Pine
—Three nice housekeeping rooms and bath for
rent. . '
FRUITVALE IIOUSES.
5-ROOM cottage to let; modern conveniences;
In Frultvale. Inquire 638 Sacramento st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas," the
furniture dealer, 11th and Fianklln. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TWO rooms with good board. -• two In room,
$4 50 each. 1159 Jefferson st. A
$C50— COTTAGE of S rooms and basement;
large chicken house; lot 60xlS5; one block
from Frultvale ave.
$700— House of 4 rooma, stable and chicken
houses; 10 bearlnsr fruit trees; lot 50x140, all
fenced.
$$00— $100 cash, balance $10 monthly; cozy cot-
tage of 3 large rooms, attic and basement;
fine stable, chicken house: good well; lot 45
3C115.
$1200— House of 4 rooms; stable. Incubator
house. 10 chicken houses. E0 pigeons, large
brooder house, 7 brooders, incubator; good
horse, harness and wagon; lot 100x150, all
fenced; easy terms.
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the beet part of Fruitvale: only half block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy terms If desired.
$li<O0 — Ccttage of 5 rooms, basement and at-
tic, bath, etc.; stable, chicken house; fine well,
windmill and tank; lot £0x123.
$1600— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement;
stable, cfalckea house; lot 107x2CO; easy terms
if desired.
Choice bargains— 2 acres In bearing orchard;
bouse of 6 rooms, porcelain bath, large hall,
fine manteL front porfh, etc.; also furniture,
good well, windmill and tank, stable; 5 chick-
en houses: splendid location. For particulars
apply to H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale stitlon,
Cal.
$6— COZT cottage and quarter, acre.
$7— Cottage of 4 rooms; Union st. -"
$8— Two-story house; near local.- * '
$10— Cottage, 5 rooms; central ¦ location.
$12 — 7 rooms, in fine condition. >
$17—8 rooms; lot S0xl25; barn. : - . '
$18— Colonial cottage; 6 rooms; central. .
SIS— Eastlake cottage:' 5 rooms; very sunny;
lot 50x150. with barn; nice location. "'- : 7
$25— S rooms; near Market-Et. station. {'¦:-
For furnished houses call at office.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.; Agents.
1008 Broadway, Oakland.'
OAKLAND IIOUSES TO LET.
A BANKER'S home, 8 rooms; grandly situ-
ated; half block; magnificent grounds: over
, : $17,000 expended; quick sale: price $8000; go-
ing to Europe. LATMANCE REAL ESTATE
CO.. 460-462 Elehth St.. Oakland.
A — SACRIFICE; for sale," a beautiful homo:
house 6 rooms, barn and chlck»n-houses; lot
150x140, subdivided with high wire fence: all
kinds of choicest fruit; • large lot of choice
flowers: healthiest part of Oakland; : warm
vbelt. Inquire of owner. 969 .East Twenty-
1 fourth -st.. East Oakland, Cal. y - ;;
ELEGANT corner lot. 135x100; $6500. with !m-
proveirents; modern house; large barn; beau-
tiful flower garden; San Pablo-ave. cars pass
door; cor. S4th st. See "owner on premises. /"
$2750 — Beautiful cottage and grounds 70x140; 6
rooms and attic for 3 rooms; cost over $5000.
Apply quickly. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$6000— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.: 8 rooms and bath: modern*, lot 50x125.
A. J. SNTDER, 467 Ninth St., Oakland. Cal.
loan plan. ?n»iiKTWQa '££i*a
$S00— Lovely lots In Forest Park; 60x175; will
build to suit.
$700— House of 3 rooms; high basement; corner
lot: cement sidewalk; 2 blocks from
Frultvale ave. ; terms $9 80 per . month;
building and loan plan.
$?00 — House of 5 rooms; 1 block from Hay-
wards car line; rood barn; well and city
water: terms reasonable; building and
loan plan. : , .-
$1100— House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x112;
large barn ; fine place for chickens ; city
water; building and lean plan.
J1S00— Lovely home in Frultvale; house of T
rooms and bath; 1 block from Hay «va.rds
car line, near -High- St.; mortgage sale;
any reasonable payment down, balance
building and loan plan.
$1100— One-acre chicken ranch near Frultvale
ave.; will build 4-room house to suit;
plenty of good water; building and loan
plan.
Money In any amounts to loan. Hou«es of
all kinds to rent. Remember this address,
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
South Side of Railroad Track.
Frultvale Avenue.
\v\ E. RUDELL.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Notice — The Home Building Company
has removed its office to south side of railroad
track on Frultvale ave. •'
$500— House of 4 rooms, plastered;, large lot:
good pump; $7 per month; building and
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$22&— LOT In Lorin; 300 ft. from station" on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour sen'ica to
San Francisco same time to city as from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland: this lot must be
sold. A. J. SNTDER. 4S7 Ninth St.. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FOR SALE — Choice new cottage of 5 rooms,
nearly finished ; $425, cottage 3 rooms, lot
SPxTO. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
SNAP — Beautiful modern cottage, 6 rooms;
open plumbing; fine mantels; every modern
convenience; lot 50x150; choice location; has
stable, etc.; easy terms; see at once. A. G.
BURNS. 1501 Park St.. Alameda.
LARGE modern house of 9 rooms and bath;
hot air heater; lot 60x150; with oak trees; a
beautiful home, near the bathing beach, can
be secured for one-half its cost and upon
pznall cash payment and easy terms. Address
Owner, box 2207. Call office, Oakland.
$1000 — CALL and see these
$1100 — Cottages near
$1500— Schools and stations.
$»00— 2-story house, 7 rooms; lot 50x160.
$2000 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms; near Morton
station.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO., Bay station. Ala-
meda.
flCO -CASH. $10 monthly; lot 100x200 ft.; sandy
loam soil; assorted orchard In full bearing;
also small vineyard; 3-room cottage, windmill,
50.WO gallon tank; Al ! water; large .barn,
chicken houses and outhouses; immense shade
trees, shrubbery and flowers surrounding:; this
is a rare property In a very delightful spot;
Laurel Grove Tract, adjoining East Oakland;
near a fine 3-story schoolhouse: away from
cold winds and fog; near Laurel Grove ave.,
oft School st. ; here is a lovely spot for a home,
which you can get on rental basis; price, all
told. J1200, Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth st.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. 'JONES. Owner.
$2750 ON Installments. Value $3500.
Nearly new colonial cottage of 6 large rooma :_
enamel bath; open plumbing; high basement;
conservatory and all modern improvements;
lot 60x140 (r.cte the size), with open lawn,
gravel driveway, stone walks, good substan-
tial barn, fruit trees, flowers, etc.; rents J20
per month; owner non-resident; nicest loca-
tion along Grove st. ; complete in every re-
spect; well built for a home, and In fine con-
dition; newly painted; chances like this are
rare; look into this at once. If you want to
buy; no mortgage-; perfect -title; easy month-
ly payments or liberal discount for. a quick
cash sale; Improvements alone Insured for
?2000 in advance, Included. Call or write
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE— COUJfTRY — For Sale
$4500— SANTA Clara Co.: big; bargain: SO acres
In apricots. 10 acres la French prunes, all In
full beaxlnsr; sJao 7 acres vacant land, adjoln-
)r.g town of Morgan Hill and near the railroad
rtatlcn; this property is wcrth more than
double the price asked; having been taken
through, a tnortra^e foreclosure owner Is de-
sirous of selling same Immediately; terms,
ene-h&lf caeb, balance on easy payments. Ii.
McCOLGA-N, 2i Montgomery et., room 3.
JJ5O0 — AT a sacrifice on account of foreclosure
of mortsraffe; a beautiful country home situate
about a quarter cf a mile north of San Jose,
off the Atjuneda, near electric car line; an
elegant new modern house of 14 rooms, bath,
stained rlass doors, windows, electric light-
ing, windmill, stable, lawn, etc.; oost former
owner J1S.O0C. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgom-
ery «t.. rciom 3.
A CHANCE OP A LIFETIME
Is now offered persons cf limited means to
cbtaln 10 acres or more of choice level garden
and orchard land, located at Wolfskin Sta-
tion, near Vacavllle, Solano County, the cele-
brated early fruit section of California, at
the low price of $30 <jo HO per acre, according
to location; terms to Eult buyers; title per-
fect. This land will raise all kinds of gar-
den truck and early fruits. For maps and
circulars call or write California Farm Land
Association (Incorp.). £1£ Hearst building.
San PYancisco.
RAXCHES in all parts of California; special-
ties, Sonorr-a. Napa, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz,
MoEterer, Tehama, couctles; send stamp lor
catalogue.
G. \7. SCHWEIKHARD,
M Market et.. San Francisco.
FOR eaie— Xlcely Improved home of six acre*;
200 fruit trees in full bearing; house of S
rooms and basement, barn, etc; near R. R.
depot. For Information address Owner, box
64. Novato. Maiin Co.. Cal.
RANCH for sale In Contra Costa County; 184
acres; 14 in choice fruits and grapes, 44 acres
la hay; fine house of » rooms; erood outbuild-
ings; no aeents need apply. Address P. O.
box 34, TValnut Creek. Cal.
QTT of Sonoma; rood two-story house of 7
rooms and bath; hot and cold water; grood
condition; lot 62x157; must be sold: no reason-
able offer refused. Box MS. Call ofHce.
FOR eale or rent— A fine business corner in
Banta Roea; 6 rooms, store and barn: snap
for a arrocer. .Address P. O. box 86, Sausa-
tlto. Cal.
Tt>R eale cheap— Ranch 114 acres, near Healds-
burg; young orchard and vineyards; near
school and postorflce. Inquire 1J2S Ellis et.
$350— POULTRY ranch. 150x150; house of 3
rooms; good well of water. GROSSCUP, box
10, L!vermor«, CaL /;->¦;
M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market St.. by Call bids..
•ells hotels, lodging- houses, stores, etc Print-
ed lists of farms and city property.
* rARMUfO *ad other property In varioos parts
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO..
S.I California St.. San Francisco.
(5000— 2S ACRES: 12 in peach, pear and prune
tree*; ? acres good potato or corn ground; 6
acres hay ground; 6-room house, bath; wind-
mill and tank; barn for 10 head of stock;
rood outbuilding*; 4 miles from Napa City.
Address Owner. P. O. box 162. Napa, Cal.
BUY In Kapa County; no drouths, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vltlculturist." THE W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. CaL
FOR sale or rest— 83 acres nr. coal mine; oil
belt: suitable cattle, hogs, bees A. chickens.
C. E. CARTER. Bradley, Monterey Co.. CaU
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Slain. Petaluma. "for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
SAX RAFAEL REAL. ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange — A new, modern resi-
dence on Fifth ave.; » rooms and bath: nice
grounds; stable for t horses; terms easy.
Address P. TROT, owner. 416 California St..
S&n Franclaco.
MILL, VALLEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR «ale at a bargain— A cottage in best lo-
cation of the valley; beautiful surrounding*:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MAN'N'. SIS Sacramento st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
HOME wanted, beautifully located, for half
Interest in valuable Government gold dredg-
ing concession, ccntainlcg platinum also. Box
2047, Call office. '
PARTIES owning lots 100 feet or more In Pre-
sidio Heights, from Central ave. west, de-
sirous of selling, will p'.ease state price. Ad-
dress A. B. C. EASTERN, Poetoffice, city.
"WANTED — "Within 100 miles of San Francisco.
Improved farms; price not to exceed $5000; w«
have cash buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Mark >t Et. . San Francisco.
REALTY TO EICUWGE.
FOR sale or exchange — Nice residence In the
western part of Los Angelea city, value $4000,
for ranch around San Francisco or city Im-
proved property. Inquire E. MACHRIS, 1
Hopeton terrace, San Francisco.
IN exchange for S. F. property, a lovely home
in beautiitil Berkeley, near the hills; bouse
of 6 rooms; In tlfoiough order; lot 150x145.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, ad-
joining PostofSce, Berkeley.
27*4 ACRES full-bearing apricots and almonds,
with 2 lots south of park, to exchange for
hotel. GROSSCUP. bcx 10. Llvermore. Cal
EQUITY in 6. F. income property for bay or
ranch property. HARPER, room 297, Parrott
building.
HOUSE and lot In Bar.ta Barbara for property
in city or vicinity. Box 2558, Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
XF you wish aa elegant home la Berkeley see
the Wheeler Tract; special inducements to
people to build. W\ C. MORAN & CO.
14000-CHEAP at 16000; lot 70xlJ5; 2 blocks
to university; must be sold at once on ac-
count of departure; don't miss this if you
are looking tor a snap. W. C. MORAN A
CO.
flSW— $100 CASH, balance $15 per month; 5
large rooms and bath; fine mant»«- 2 bay-
windows; brick foundation; stationary tubs;
lot 40x120; 2 blocks to cars; bank loaned
CXm on this place. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin station, or Schmidt block. Berkeley. Cal.
$2400— *250 CASH, balance J25 per month; 6
large rooms; 8-foct b&sement; cement side-
walk and driveway; $1000 worth of shrub-
bery; this place cost $3500; must be seen to
be appreciated. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lo-
rin station, or Schmidt block. Berkeley, Cal.
ALMOST new e-roorn 2-story bouse, bath, pan-
try; all latest style; modern in every way;
fine electric fixtures; tinted walls; street
work done; right at railroad station; 1 block
to electric cars; price $1700; part cash, bal-
¦mce eaey terms. OELLERICH &. PERKINS.
Lortn Station. ¦
JTETV 6-room bungalow cottage, up-to-date; lot
40x126; only 7 minutes to railroad station and
electric cars: this is a snap; must be sold
this week: only $1200 in all; VSH cash, bal-
ance $12 60 monthly. Why pay rent when you
can own your own home on such terms as
above? OELLERICH & PERKINS. Lorin
Station. Berkeley.
IWTTHIN on« block of the U. C. grounds;
street work all done; a fine 6-rooni house;
large lot; price 52250.
Only S2000; about 2H acres of land Just
FCltable for building fine house; In one of the
loveliest parts of town.
( acres of land. 2 large barns, small dwell-
ing house: rl^rht In the center of town; want
«tn offer. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Es-
tate, adjoining P. O., Berkeley, Cal.
$1000— ANOTHER snap; pretty home of i*
rooms; hard finished; street macadamized -
jMst placed on tbe market; roust be sold.'
MAY A MORTIMER.
DID we »e!l the $650 plac« we advertised last
we*k? Why. of course! MAT & MORTI-
MER.
|1K3— Here is the place for a moderate family;
6 rooms; lot 40x130; street Improved.
$2700— Dandy home; fine view; near can.
$3600 — New borne; double floors; 7 rooms -
near cars and college. MAT & MORTIMER.
1 1400— BIO snap; 7-room house, bath. well,
windmill and tank; lot 40x100; on main im-
proved street: only one block from station;
fine location; good property; very easy terms
car. be arraoeed. H. D. IRTTIN, Loria Sta-
tlon. _^
$1500 — XEAHLT new. modern cottage, 4 rooms,
bath, high basement: cement walk; lot 50x125;
less than two blocks from two stations; a
Imrpain; easy terms. H. D. IBWIN. Lorin
Station. -
BARGAINS— 5 houses. 6 to 7 rooms, modern.
$1109 to $1800; easy payments; near local
trains; I aleo hare eome splendid investment
properties paying 1 per cent per month: will
boy lot and build to suit you. H. B. PIN-
• KEY, office opp. local station, Berkeley.
EXCHANGE a new cottage of 6 rooms, well
located, for unimproved lot H. B. PINNEY,
opp. local station. Berkeley.
HOME Jn beautiful North Berkeley; 4 rooms,
bath, well, barn; splendid marine view; 5
minutes* walk from station; $850; $550 down,
balance $S month. Inquire at 17%) University
•vre.; phone Stewart £2.
I We: started the selling, a day or so ago, with every size of
each, color, there may be some missing now, but it will pay
you , to come and see if your size is here in the shade you
want. : 'They are the -very best quality of suede gloves for
evening, wear, 12 button length, in pink, old rose, lavender,
yellow, light blue, nile green and fed. Every pair fitted and
guaranteed. ' The former price was $2.25 now $1.00 a pair.
$2.25 Gloves at $1.00 Pair
We have put closing out prices on all our odd lines of ladles'
and children's knit underwear — nothing wrong except assort-
ments are broken in sizes and colors.
' Ladies' Underwear
¦¦¦ ¦
$1.35 Silk and Lisle Vests, short sleeves, reduced to $ .85
1 2.00 Silk and Wool Vests, long sleeves, reduced to 1.50
1.95 Sjlk and Wool Vests, low neck, reduced to *1.25
2.45 Silk and Wool Vests, short sleeves, reduced to 1.50
3.50 Silk and Wool Vests, long sleeves, reduced to 2.00
$4.50 Wool Union Suits, low neck, reduced to $2.50
3.00 MerincUnion Suits, long sleeves, reduced to 2.00
Ladies* cotton, cotton and wool, and all wool Tights, broken
lines greatly reduced.
Children's Underwear: All odd lines at greatly reduced
prices.
Ladies'. Hosiery: J'Stl^
lace lisle, extracted polka dots, embroidered insteps, all over
stripes and fast 'black ingrain cotton with split feet, worth 50c
a pair, on sale commencing Monday at 3 pairs for.$|.00.
Special Sale—Underwear
PnnlcirHQ* There is -a perfect rage this season for
'Srj V ia - L • this popular silk and wise purchasers will
call early for the choicest selections; We are showing some late
Novelty effects at $1.00, $1.25 and $1.35 a yard, some new Satin
effects at $1.OO yard, also an endless variety of Enlavage effects
in color and white, and white and color at 75c and 85c a yard.
TPll QQfjr • A new creation, Silk Grass Cloth with stripes,
x U33U1 . an material for a stylish spring, and
summer gown; comes in different colored stripes at $\ a yard.
Warp Printed Silks: g|pl
printings come in various weaves such as Louisines, Satins,
Taffetas, etc. We are now showing some of the prettiest
of this season's novelties, prices ranging from $1.23 to $2J2S
a yard. r -*
rJrpnaHinPQ' Alwavs stylish, soft and easily
VJl^liaLllllV^O. draped, we have just received a
choke lot of 30 different styles, which we are offering at from
75c to $3 a yard, prices which will make ready sales.
PcjnnP A/^ivf^fQ • Our stock is complete with
X ailllV^ v tivew. all the leading colors, prices
$1.75 and $3.00 a yard; we are also showing an extreme novelty
in Persian Panne Velvets at $2.50 a yard.
At no time in our history have we carried, .displayed or
offered such enormous lines of high grade silks at such prices
as now. Rich and beautiful materials, handsome designs and
latest .tones of colors, such elegance and wealth of style,
making a most elaborate collection and excelling all past seasons
in grandeur. Good reasons to warrant such goods being quickly
sold out. Very difficult to get a correct idea of their splendor
until you see them. A pleasure to show whether you buy or not.
Among the recent arrivals arc:
Dress Silks
High Grade at Low Prices
$2500 — Store flat and cottage on Eighth St.;
handy to local station; street work all done.;
stone walks laid; street complete; rents now
for $25; will bring $32 per month income; a
big bargain; owner away; see it at once: lot
130 feet; cheap; fine chance for business, resi-
dence and Income combined. •
GEO. W. AUSTIN & COi, Agents,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
JSOft— Cottage of 4 rooms; high basement;
good big lot; sunny side of the street; mac-
adaralied and sidewalk; handy to San Pablo
ave. ; Installments cr discount for spot caeb..
$100 DOWN; bank sale; monthly payments;
colonial new modern cottage 6 rooms; porce-
lain bath; open plumbing, etc; central;
fronts electric line; handy to local station;
choice -neighborhood; < surrounded - by fine
dwellings ; stone walks, etc. ; total price ' only
$2259: away under original cost; title perfect;
would rent to responsible parties. ; .-
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOMES IN ALAMEDA
Offered at a Sacrifice. !
Great values this week. EH) not hesitate
when you have a chance to get a home cheap.
BOME OF THE BARGAIN8.
$1060— A choice little <-room cottage, near
train ard Bchools; a great bargain.
$1500 — 5-room 2-story cottage; large lot; must
be sold this week.
J2400— A tine S-room house, lot 35x150, in best
part of city; cost $3500; foreclosure.
J2S5O— A grand bargain In a 7-room cottage;
lot f>0xl50; on Alameda ave. ; a snap.
S5SO0 — An elegant bomn; 10 rooms; beautifully
situated: cost $;hx>0; sacrificed on account of
departure.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
And room 325 Parrott bldg., S. F. Office open
Sundays and evenings. •
** /
BARGAIN'S for Investors.
Bargains for'homeseekers. -
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage C flats) of 10 rooms; lot 2Sxl20; half block
from station.
Apply to Q. R. DENKE. "West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster st. and Cen-
tral av«. /
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUR Y— In this city, March 1* 180L to the
wife of T. J.- Drury, a daughter. ; ?. - ;
HARRISON— In -this city, Marplf 13.- 1901. - to
the wife of A. Edw.' Harrison, a. daughter.
LIND— In this city,' March 22, 1901. to the wife
of ; Thomas .' Howard Lind, a son. , ¦ " .
McPHILLIPS-InUhls city. March 20. 1901, to
the wife of William M.cPhilllps, a son. .
MATERS— In this city/ March 23. . 1901. to the
wife ¦ of George H. Mayers. = a son.-
MORGAN-In this city,\ March 22. 1901. to the
wife of R. E. Morgan, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 17. 1801. to the
wife of: Joseph O'Brien, a son.
PETERS— In this city. March 18, 1901, to the
wife of James ¦ Peters, a son.'
PILLAR— In this city. March 13, 190L to the
wife of John A. Pillar, a son.
REIMERS— In this city. March 19. 1901. to the
¦wife ¦ of Gus A. Relmers. a son. '
SPENCER— In this city, March 21, 1301. to the
wife cf Gardner A. B. Spencer, a daughter.
TUGGLE— In this city. March 16, 1901. to the
wife of Dr. 8. P. Tuggle. a daughter.
MABBIED. *
BUNDY— JEFFRESS— In this city. March 14,
1901, at St. Charles Church, by the Rev.
James McDonald, George A. Bundy of Van-
couver. Wash., and Viola V. JeCress of San
Francisco.
ENRIGHT— KENEALLY— In Alameda, March
17.-1&C1. at St. Joseph's Church, by ths Rev.
; Father Foley, John PauL Enrlght and Mary
'- Geonrianna Keneally.
JENSEN-BOYEN-In this city, j March 20.
1S01, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. John D.
Jensen and Inge M. Boyen. . .
ROHRER— TILTON— In this city, March 20.
1S01. by the Rev. J. H. • Schroeder. William
J. Rohrer and Laura E. Tilton.
. DIED.
Balke. William---- McKendry, John
-'Baumuller.' John Mitchell. Rose E3.
Bennett. Ellen Morgan, Ralph
Berr. Susie Murphy. Mary J.
Connor. Cora B. Nibel. William
. Curnow, William Norton. Ellen M.
D.eeney, Jennie Norton, John L.
Dockendorf Elizabeth Parker. John
Enderle. Theodore Peddar, Cecelia P.
Hammerquist. A. B. Peters. Stephen"
Higglns. Rose Rlnes, Dr. Chas. H.
Holland, Elizabeth Sandow, George
Jensen, Cecile A. Seger. Mervin J.
Laumeister, Mary E. Waltmann. Leopold
McArdle. Michael Wllzlnskl. Frances
McCarthy, David Witham. Charles B.
McGrary, Patrick Wollitz. > Theodore
McKay, Daniel J. Young, Edward J.
BALKE— In Humboldt, March 17. 1901. Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Elise Balke,
and beloved father of Herman C, Edward
W. and John E. Balke, a native of Germany,
aged C7 years 10 months and 16 days. A
. member of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O.
O. F-. and Walhalla Encampment No. 7. I.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where aervlces will be held under the aus-
pices of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. t\
Interment I. Of O. F. Cemetery. Remains
at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 9i7
Mission street.
BAUMULLER— In this city, March ' 20. 1901,
John Bauciuller, " dearly beloved husband of
Elisabeth Baumuller. and father of Eddie,
: Annie and Julia Baumuller. a native of Ger-
many, aged 63 years 1 month and 27 days.
A member of Vereln Concoidia.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
, Theodor Dierks, 9S7 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, and. thence to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery for cremation. Please omit flow-
ers. . • . ¦ ,
BENNETT— In this city. March 22, 1901, at her
residence, - 1604 Bush street, Ellen, beloved
¦wife, of the late Maurice Bennett, beloved
mother of Edward J., John T. and Robert W.
• Bennett, and Mrs. Robert P. Barton, and
: grandmother of Harry Barton, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 65 years. -.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respact-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
: dence, 1604 Bush. street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral for ' services, commencing at 2
¦¦'¦ o'clock. . :
BERG^In this city, March 22. 1901, Susie Berg,
a i native of Pennsylvania, aged 33 years and
' 6 months.
CONNOR— At East Bay Sanitarium, March 23.
:1901,-at 8 o'clock a. m., Ensign Cora E. Con-
ner, tlster. of . Mrs. J.- Humphrey. ¦.?•-.
CURNOW— In this city, March 21, 1901. Wll-
:,3 Ham Curnow," beloved husband of Agnes Cur-
- * now, : and brother cf Joseph Russell, Grovcr
¦Russel!, < John Granli, Mrs. ¦ H. Beyers, Mrs.
'A, ; '¦. W. ':' Wehner - and Mrs. E. - Shouse, . a na- ,
tlve of Victoria. -B.C.; aged 2i) years. • X - >
: . E7"Frlends ; and acquaintances are. respect- i
fully Invited s to attend the funerar th s day.
(Sunday),' at • 12 o'clock, from the mortuary
= chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, -2425 Mission "street, near Twenty-flrst,
; thence to . St. :. Charles. Borromeo's Church.
' corner .-" Eighteen th and.'E^otwelL • streets,
•"•where ! sen'lces"will:-be held.atl o'clock.-;. In-
'."'. terment Holy ' Cross Cemetery, fiy ' carriage/.
DEENEY— In this city. March 23." 1301;" Jennie;',
v. beloved ;w1fe of. Philip Deeney, dsarly. beloved
mother, of Philip and : Harry, Deeney, ¦ beloved
¦ daughter^ of John • and :. the late ¦¦ Katie ; Dever,
- and . pister . of John i Dever, - Mrs. M. ¦ F. '"¦ Joyce
.-¦ and .' the > late Katie * McGreehan; - a native •* of .
Tuolumne County,-; Cal. v (>.ew' S York> papers,
.please copy.) ' : ¦-.-'_ • - •
'.,":>• CTRemains at the parlors of James Mc-
iienomey & ( Son, 1057 Mission j street, "¦ oppo^
/¦'¦ Rite new ' Postoffice. . Notice of funeral here-
after. ' .. -;'¦-" '.---••-• -¦'¦''¦• ¦¦ .* ¦-' ¦':
DOOKKNDORF— In Oakland. March' 23.V 1901.
;¦ Elizabeth, wife of George . Dockendorf,' and
- mother of Mrs. L. 'Price. Mrs.: E.> Lancaster
and Georsre Dockendorf. a native of Ger-
i many, aged £8 years. 10 months and 16 days.
ENDERLE— In this city, March 20, 1901. Theo-
' dore Enderle =" (member of "Alta Lodge ;' NoJ'
242, A. O. U. W.), beloved husband of Bertha
Enderle. and father of Bertha and Theodore
Enderle, a native of Germany, aged 42 years
5 months and 6 •: days. ... : - v '..".' •"'
; (ETFrlends and - acquaintances are '-respect-'
-- f u Uy Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O, O. F. Cemetery. %
HAMMERQUIST— In this city. March 22, 1901,
August B. Hammerquist, beloved eon of Mr.
and Mrs. A. C. . HammerQUist, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years and 11 days. ;
HItJGINS— In r the City and County Hospital.
March 23, 1901, Rose Higglns, a native of
; Ireland, aired 41 years. ¦ ;•?..-.
HOLLAND— In Vancouver, B. C. March 21. !
1901. Elizabeth, beloved wife > of Alexander
Holland, : and beloved sister of Mrs. Mar-
garet Reeves. Mrs. James E. Brltt and Ar- ;
thur and the late John Cronin. a native of
Washington, D. C. -
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JENSEN-ln Oakland. March 22. 1901. Cecile
g A. Jensen, beloved wife of Abraham M. Jen-
sen, a native of Minnesota, aged 35 years. S
LAUMEISTER— In this city, March 23, 1901,
Mary Emma Laumeister, dearly beloved wife
of Herrman F. Laumelster. . and beloved
. mother of Frank W., Walter IL" and the late
H. F. Laumelster, a native ¦ of Bt. Louis.'
Mo., aged 44 years 9 months and 30 days.
(St. Louis, llo.. papers please copy.) . .
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, £3 Erie street, between Thirteenth and
E Fourteenth. Howard and Mission. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Fourteenth and Mission' streets. ,
TO the officers and members of California
Hive No. 29, of the Ladies of the Maccabees:
You are requested to be present at above fu-
neral.' By order Of
ALICE FOLLITT. R. K.
McARDLE— In this city, March 23, 1J01, Mlcsv
ael t McArdle, a native of Ireland, aged 63
- years.
MCCARTHY— In this city. March 23, 1901.
- ¦ David, beloved husband of Manraret Mc-
Carthy,- father of • Leona McCarthy, beloved
" son of David and Margaret l McCarthy, and
: brother of Charles and Frank McCarthy, a
native of Nevada City, Cal., aged 34 years
' 5 : months and 4 days.- *
CTThe funeral will take place to-mcrrow
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Golden Gate avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a reQulem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, . commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment private. Kindly omit ; flowers. _
McGR ART— In - this city. March 19. 1901.- Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen McGrary, and
Etepfather of James E. Collins, . a native of
the parish of Urney, County Tyrone, . Ire-
land, aged. 38 years. - (Philadelphia, Pa., pa-
pers please copy.) - ¦ • . - .--'-.
: . (C7* Friends and acquaintances and members
. of tho Longshoremen' s Protective - Associa-
tion are respectfully invited " to • attend tho
funeral ¦¦ this day (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Mar-
S ket street, between Eighth and Ninth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for . services. Inter-
ment Holy, Cross Cemetery.
McKAT— In this city. March 23. 1901. at his
residence. 408 Hermann street, Daniel J..
beloved • son - of the . lat» Katherlne McKay,
father of Edward P. McKay, and brother of
John McKay and Mrs. J. J. Beaton, a native
of Prince Edwards Island, Canada, aged Co
(E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.'
MoKENDRY— In this - city, March 23, 1901.
John,- beloved husband of Jane McKendry,
and father of Samuel G.."John. Tillle, Annie,
' * James, • Mamie " and Isabel McKendry - and
Mrs. Thomas Fullerton. a native of : Ireland,
aged 62 years 9 months and 19 days.
h EN RY. X GALL AGH ER CO.
'¦': ' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
• V.v ;¦>¦¦,., jjaNIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FtJNKRAL DIRECTORS AND ¦ EMBALMERS.
10 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
¦'¦'¦ '•'; »¦;;+ , --Telephone Eouth 80. >-;•;-
I Eugene™M^oTnT 1^T^r^^McGIN 1 N>BR06."
Funeral Directors and Embalmen.
'SI EDDY STRE1 T. -
Telephone South 252. , * ; Ban Francisco.
••- ' No Connection With Any Other Hon— .*; r
TO WHOM^T^MAY CONCERN. -
The undertaking; business of th« Uta CHAS
J.- B. . METZLER will } hereafter «b« conducted
und er the - same Hrm ;; name of CHAfl. r J. b
METZLER, at 636 Washington st. Ban Fran-
cisco.' by-H.! METZLER.: proprietor..
vt. Ban Francisco, \ Cal..? March. U. • 1901. . -
MARCH I il. ' 1801— I have this day Bold my In-
I terest I In the I undertaking I business of CHAS '
\ J. : B. : METZLER '¦ to ; H. METZLER, andam
. not '-• responsible : for ' any - outstanding \ debta.
CHAS. . L. MBTZLEK, - - . "_" Bl^
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
EDDY, C32— Pleasant sunny suits of rooms;
- Bui tabls for 1 or > more i gentlemen. - .
CLARA." 287, ; near Sixth- and .Harrison— Sunny
furnished ¦ room, t $1 per < week. ,, ; - ¦¦:? :•• ,*, ;. : .,, xr-
CALIFORNIA, '724— Choice • rooms; ' reasonable
/rent.?/'-. v> ' ¦¦¦:- \v; ,.*•/.. ¦...'" '...'¦::.':
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny single, double and
housekeeping rooms from $6 up. '¦ ¦ . :Steamship Captain In. Trouble.
Captain Cosullch of the Austrian steam
ship Marlanna. broke the rules ef th« Im
migration Bureau a few days ago and was
haled before United States Commissioner
Heacock yesterday. • It appears that the
captain paid off four of his crew and put
them ashore without ' first having: the men
passed by the Immigration officer. Yes
terday the Austrian Consul appeared be
fore the Commissioner and explained that
the breach of the United States laws was
due- to the advice he grave Captain Cosu
llch. Thinking that only Immigrants were
subject to Inspection, he told the captain
to pay the men off. and he did. After the
explanation of Consul Korbel the cas»
against the captain was withdrawn.
TiTTrnnnniiif nirmn r s\ a »rn
raw YORK. March 23.-To-dajr-s bank
rtit«n»nt affords convincing: evidence that the
capitalists who have engraved in the recent
great syndicate operations ha<J* made |>rovi
eion for them some time since and while the
resources of the money market were still su
perabundant. Afcsurance Is warranted that
tbelr plans are carefully adjusted, so that the
eyndlcat" operations in themselves have but
tllght effect on the money market. That there
rhould have been achieved « loan contraction
by the banks of upward of f4.O<>,0C0 in a week.
In which pajment wa« made of over J10.00P,-
C00 on account of Union Pacific bond subscrip
tions and a call made for payment of $2^.CCO.O0O
on Mondsy on account of eteel syndicate sub
etriptions. and in which a furious speculation
was carried en in the nock market, is an lm
rwFfive demonstration of the new scope of the
r*i>ources of the New Tork money market. The
effect on the stock market was materially
narked. From a hesitating and irregular con
dition, due to heavy profit taking under cover
o? the feverlBh advance of a few stock*, the
market leaped into an animated and buoyant
condition, the earlier losses b:in? generally
»1pM out and* many Ftriking gains in. price
established. The early Etrenglh was confined
to a comparatively small number of tstocks.
which wu due to belief in the progress t ,t
plans for a great consolidation of Southwestern
railroads. The Denver and Rio Grande stocks
led the advance with gains of » for the com
mon SJJd 3Mi for the preferred. The Rio Grande
Western *tocke. usually in • the background.
Bold 15 points higher for the common and 3
higher for the preferred than the last sales.
The Wabash stocks, Missouri Pacific, the St
Louis Soutbwesterns. Texas and Paclflc. St.
Louis and San Krancisco and the Canadian
£cuthe.rn stocks all responded with gains of
1 to 2'/i over yesterday. A number of recently
conspicuous .minor railroad stocks also moved
feverishly. Including the New York. Chicago
end Et. Louis stocks. th<» Chica.ro. Indianapolis
•T>d Louisville Ftocks and Lake Erie and West
ern. The strength of these stocks did not pre
\ent declines' running to a point or more in
many of the active stocks on realizing, profit
takinc C51-1F on actively uder cover of their
etren^th. The smelting- stocks were, raided
(fvn 24 and S'-j for the common and , pre
ferred, but row Btrongly again over * last
eight's level. The steel stocks were rather
heavy. It was not . until the bank statement
tfc«i the undertone of depression was over-
New York Stock Market.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. March 23—12 m.
UNITED : STATES BONDS.
. Bid. Ask. 1 - bi<j Ask
4s coup 114*4113 N« coup . (new)mm38«
4s registered... 113 114 13s quar coup..ui'41l3
,; MISCELLANEOUS BPNDS.
Eay C P C5s.lO3Vi — Oceanic S3 5s.M2 102
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 116^, — Om C R 6S....128V —
C C Water 5s.l0SHl<»^ Pac G Imp 4s. — ioou
EL & P 6s..l2SV4133^ Pk & Cl R 6s.lO3 _
F & Cl Ry 68.1H — Pk & O Rto. — —
Gearj'-st R 6s. — — Powell-st R CsltO —
Haw C 5H9....108% — : S K O & R 5s. »5 —
Haw C 5S.....104HW5 S F A SJV 5a.ia _
L A R R 5s..ll2%112% S R of Cal 6s.no —
L, A L Co«s.— — SPRof'Ato
Do gntd fa..'— "104.. O909) 112U —
r>o gntd 5s. .100 .— ~ Do < 1910) ....llSii _
L A P R R Bs.102 — S P C «¦ C190S.
Markt-st C 6s. — 1J7 , Series A) ... — noi'
Do 1st c 5s.. 121^123 Do (SeriesB)lltt£lll£
N CN O R 7s- 11314 Do 1906 ...... luu
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Do 1312 ......122« —
N R of Cal 5S.130X121H S P C 1st g 5slO«H _
N P C R R 6B.101H — S,P Br-R 6»..1S1«133U'
N P C R R 5S.10SV4 - S V Water 6s.lI2T4 —
NCR R 5S..U1 — S V Water 43.103^ —
O O L & H 5s.ll0f4 — Do 3d mtg..lO2^; —
Oak Tr-Co «s. — , 11«« Stkn G A E 63IOO —
Oak ,W Co 58.100 IOO14 •
• • / WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70H 714 Spring Valley. 93« 94
Marln County. 53% — ..
rL^«>GAS'ANT> ELECTRIC STOCKS. I
Cent L'A P...— • 4 Pao lit Co ... — 44
Equit Gas..... 3 3 ! i Sac E G & R. 53 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8U 8 F Q & E...' 45% —
O O L & H.V.r 50 . 51 San Francisco.. 4& '*%
Pac Gas Imp. — 44U Stktn G A , D. — ••!*-.'
For Saturday business was brisk on the Bond
Exchange, but fluctuations were not numerous.
Gaa and Electric declined to 913. Oceanic ex
assessment, sold at $17®43 73. while tha bonds
advanced to $102.
The oil stocks also sold very well for Satur
day, with no variations worthy of note
Reed Crude Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 2%c on the 1st. ...
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange durlnx
the week were 161.C20 shares, valued at $ll3,sis
the principal transactions being as followa-
Callfornla-Standard, 25,400 shares; Hanford
Fresno, Kern River, 3150; Occidental, 2950-
Sterling.. 5935: Bear Flag., 9100; Junction, J730'
Oil City. 22.800; Petroleunr> Center. 27,783; Mon
arch. 6600; Twenty-eight. 5364; Four, 2400; Reed.
16,640. •
To-morrow 'the Hawaiian Commercial will
pay a dividend of 50c and Makawell one of 40c
EASTERN MARKETS.
- WHEAT— Spot." firm"; No." 2 red Western win
ter, • 6s ; • No. 1 1 : Northern * spring; -, 6s 3Ud ; No. .- 1
'- LIVERPOOL. March 23.— Wheat, quiet; No. r 1
Standard California, !i« 3Hd@6e*4d; wheat in
Parls.\ dull ; ; flour In I Paris. | dull ; | French coun
try market*, culet; weather In England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, !4Xd.t," < > -•.- -.•* ¦¦¦
: -;:.- .y\:^v-> closing;: .'.-.,:; ¦: ¦ r.--. :-,-,
; LONDON, March 23.— Consols, 95 13-16; silver,
27«4d ; s French rentes, lOlf " 40c. } t Wheat cargoes
on passage,^ quieter., hardly : any 'demand; car
goea Walla "Walla. 2Ss 9d ; English country mar
kets, firm;-" Indian ; shipments -wheat 'to United
Kingdom. * none. ">¦-'. . -;.. ¦ ... - :. .-",. .. -.
Foreign Markets.. *
. LONDON." March 23.— The offering at the auc
tion sales of wool to-day numbered 15.426 bales;
Superior grades were bought freely.' i There was
an Increase In. the demand for France, but the
extreme ., rates ; were j on ; restricted , 1 purchases
Yorkshire . purchased occasional ; lots.\ The sup
ply of cross-breds " was larger and American
representatives , bought a quantity .at 5 : to BV4
per cent advance over the first series. -
London Wool Sales.
NEW TORK. March 23.— The cotton market
opened weak at a decline of 8@11 polnts. r Later
May sold down 4 points, but 'later there was a
general return to the. opening figures. But
again prices weakened under renewed liquida
tion. ¦ The market closed barely steady, 13Q14
points lower. '¦"..'. ¦
New York . Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Trading In the, local
metal market to-day was very strong and con
fined to weekend evening up "of . accounts. : with
sentiment generally f-- bearish. -The Inactivity
was principally due to the absence of cable ad
vices, the London market being closed on Sat
urday. Tin was dull, at S25 60. Lead, quiet, at
$4 8714. 'Spelter weak, but unchanged, at $3 S5@
3 90. . Copper wan dull and nominally unchanged
at 117 for Luke and $16 62% for casting. Plglron
warrants, $3 50@10 50; Northern Foundry, |15 50
©1660. ;;¦ . ;_ r/\':', . ¦,•.....
New York Metal Market
SHEEP— Receipts. 30C0; > sheep and lambs,
steady: good to cholre wethers, $4 75<iJ5: fair
to choice . mixed, t* 5ofl(>4 80; Western sheep,
$4 75©5; yearllnge, H 75©5 10; native lambs,
|4 75^5 40; Western lambs, $i20(g3 40.
. CHICAGO, March . 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200; steady; ; good to prime steers, J5@6; : poor
to medium, M 80@4 83; 6tockers and feeders,
J2 75@4 65: cows, |2 70@l 35; heifers, ,.K 70@-4 60:
canners, J2®2 65;"bull3. iZ 7S@4 35; calves. $4 50
@6; Texas fed' steers, *Ki.i 5; grassers, J3 lO-i/4;
bulls,: J2 50<S3 75. *
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 17,000; Monday, 30,
000: left over, 2000; choice heavy steady, others
weak to Eo lower: top, JO 15: mixed and butch
ers, ¦ J5 8o@6 10; g-ood to choice heavy. J6@6 15;
rough heavy,' $5 85^5 95; light, $5 S5<tf^i 02^;
bulk of sales, Jo 85^6 05.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— . May. . July
Opening 6 «i « Vi
Closing 6 *i «H
. PARIS. ,
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 60 19 35
Closing 18 65 19 30
Flour — . • •\4*V'>"
Opening • 23 70 ' 25 70
Closing • 23 65 24 60
LIVERPOOL.
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H H Welli Minn J Frtz»el A w. Victoria
W Finch & w, Iowa L H Coster. Portland
J Henderson, w & dau, M A Heats A w. Chgo
Goldfleld. Iowa Mrs C Jeffries. Cal
J C Narke. Iowa. W W Ferguson. Seattle*
C Lane Courtland . F G Patrick. Cal
W J Doran. Iowa J B Tork. Cincinnati
W W Lake. Mo J Mulroy. Cal
H Peck, Mich H D Johnson. Ind
S TerwlUlger. Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
D R Breckinrldge. R S Brooklngs. Mo
Ohio 2 W Breyn, Chicago
Mrs E M Knabe. Pa Mrs C W Breyn, Chgo
Miss S B McColla. Pa Misa Enders. Chicago
Miss A F Ockershar- E M Mclntosh. Cal
sen NT N 1 8 Johnson *••»«. Gr
N A Clapp & w. Minn Rapids
E A Palmer. St Paul G Nelson ft w, Cal
A T Rowo A w. Bostn ten Dr W H Monta-
A L Levinsky. Stkton sue. Canada. -
A H Boomer, Cal Miss B Magrue. Den-rr
J F Seighton. St Louis E Godchaux A w. La
H D Martin, Ind H D Martin. IadnapUa
W O Ellis. Phlladel J F Scheuer A w. Wls
G D Regale ¦& w. Pa R C Sergeson. Cal
Mrs A M Stevenson. W R Spinney. JJ T
Philadelphia H B Smith, N T
R Ouffroy. w ft dau, F A Daley, Philadel
Philadelphia R 3 Ware. , St Paul
G W Power ft w. Pa J Eaton A w. Plttsbs
J B Scully A w. Pa J Kirk A w, Chgo
F W Dunn. Searehllgt Miss Kirk. CWcaja
J Lawlor. Searchlight W H Isorn. Chicago
F K Struve. Seattle- General B Berderhave,
A Anderson A w. Cal New York
3 McCalden. N T Colonel A Mrs E F
Mr A Mrs Knoi A md. Holmes. N T
Cleveland Dr A Mrs L R Evans.
Mrs G W Baiter. Denv Michigan
Mlsa Baxter. Denver G II Schulte. Michigan
R CaldweH. San Jc«e J TV Casey A w. Denvr
E "W Rollins. Denver W W Cargtll. Cs4
Z A Opp«nhelm«r. N T Mrs CargrUl * son. Cal
W M Edwards, Chgo W H Traver ft w,
C E McPherson. Minn New Tork
C M O'Brien. Chgo C Vail & w. Cal '
J S Chllds. Cal Mr A Mrs Hetaan.'NT
J W Duff. Boston Mrs W M Garland. Cal
Julia A Howie. Boston B A Brooks, N T
R J Ftockelton. Cleve Mm B A Brooks. J» T
J F Seighton. St Louis Miss Brooks. N T
D Beer. N T Mrs T S Denis A eh»
Mr * Mrs Havens. Denver
St Paul - F F Thomas. Pa
Mrs J K Hoffman. St H H Gallagher. Pa
Paul J W Forbea, T*
J A Bergen. N J M J.McCartie. P*
G J Kins Jr*w, NT IMTW 1 ! mHIWItmt*ll lUm
Can Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday
light northerly, changing to fre>h westerly
••lnds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, continued
warm weather; northerly winds In the Inter
ior, westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada — Kalr Sunday; warmer.
Vtah — Cloudy Sunday; warmer Sunday night.
Arizona — Cloudy Sunday; fresh northerly
grinds.
Northern California — Fair Sunday: fresh
northerly winds In the Interior, brisk west
erly winds on the coast.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
licur from the northwest Is reported at Salt
Leke City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for" thirty
hours ending midnight, March 24. 1301: .
The temperature has fallen east of the Sierra
scd moderately cold weather prevails In Ne
ve da. Utah and Northern Arizona.
The pressure has risen steadily during the
past twenty-four hours over the northwestern
rcrtlon of the country. It has fallen glowly
&]ong the coast of California.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Ban Ftasdsco flata: Maximum temperature,
T 1 . minimum. 47; mean, 12.
On the Produce Bxchange to-day the butter
n.nrket was quiet; creamery, 15(j?21c; dairy,
H®18c. Cheese, steady, 10H@ll%c Eggs, dull;
fresh, 12c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...I": 19,000 35,000
Wheat, bushels ...'. 119,000 S6.000
Corn, bushels 266,000 143,000
Oats, bushels ......'..., 203,000 266,000
Rye bushels-...;..; 4,000 11.000
Parley, bushels 13.000 7.000
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April' 75»i ¦ 75>i 75H 75V4
May 78 76V* "75% 76>i
iSS"^..!;...... .... ..'.: .... 4ou
May 41H 41% 4ivi 41%
July :.. 41H 42 ' 4lVi 41%
Oats No. 2—
May 25 25H 24^ 25%
July 24% 24T4 24H 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 15 95 16 00 15 30 15 40
July 15 00 15 05 14 75 14 90
Lard, per 100 pounds—
>lay ..; 7 90 7 92V4 7 85 7 87H
July.. 7 90 7 90 7 85 7 87^9
September 7 95 7 95 ,7 85 7 87VS
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ....7 90 7 92H 7 SO .7 85
July. : :. 7 7*tt '* 1 75 7 65 v7 70
September 7 75 .. '7 75 .7 62U 7 65
Cafh ' quotations ' were as '" folio w«r' Flour,
active; winter patents, $3 8003 85; ' straights,
S3 20<y3 70; clears. $2 6Ofj15 40; spring specials,
$< SO; patents, $3 5003 SO; straights. $3 05113 20;
bakers.' $2 20@2 50; No. 3 spring wheat. 70@73c;
No. 2 red, 75®77V4c; No. 2 corn. 40Vi@4O%c; No.
2 yellow, 4OHiS4O%C; No. 2 oats, 25%«?26c; No.
2 white. 28H«28^c; No. 3 , white, 27HS2S»,*c:
No. 2 rye, 53>&53Vic: good' feeding barley, 45c;
fair to choice malting,' 61$?66c; No: 1 flaxseed.
Jl 53; No. 1. Northwestern,- %1 5S; prime" timothy
Feed, fl 25; mess pork. -per barrel, $15 25*J15 30;
Urd. per 100 pounds, $7 85@7 90; short-rib, aides
O&oee). $7 75@7 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
16 WJtfffi IS: short clear . sides (boxed). $8 25<&>
8 37Vt; whisky, basis of high wines, $127;
clover, contract grade. 110 65010 75.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
9.300 Atchison 61*4
6.700 Atchison prefd 94V4
509 Baltimore & Ohio 92Vt
200 Canadian Pacific 94Vi
1.800 Canada Southern Si 1 ,
3.300 Chwaprake & Ohio 46%
Chicago Great Western 22>i
13,600 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1S5&
$.900 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 3$
2.400 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 73
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 11514
Chicago & Northwestern 178V4
3,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 12S%
C C C & fit Louis 78 .
6.701 Colorado Southern ...'....... 11%
3.HW Colorado Southern l»t prefd 48%
4.300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
1.&00 Delaware &. Hudson 164',i
Delaware Larka wanna & Western. 195H
22,100 Denver & Rio Grande 48V*
14.800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 96»£
2S.7O0 Erie ,. 35
R.400 Krte 1st prefd 69*4
1,700 Great Northern prefd 201»i
no Hocking Coal n%
GOO Hocking Valley .' 53 «
1.400 Illinois Central 127^.
1,501 Iowa Central 3314
&00 'Iowa Central prefd 6214
3,800 Lake Erie & Western 54^
100 Lake Trie & Wmtern prtfd.. 122
Lake Shore 2101:
5.800 Louisville & Nashville 100U
lS.3f»0 Manhattan L . 125
8,400 Metropolitan Street Railway *.ll63U
1,000 Mexican Central 24%
3.2C0 Minneapolis & St Louis fjsu
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112V^
6,:w Missouri Pacific ." 100x4
400 Mobile. & Ohio ; S oi2
403 Missouri Kansas & Texas 24^
3,000 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.. 67%
..New Jersey Central :.... 153
6.»V> New York Central "ucs
300 Norfolk. & Western .- II SI -
Norfolk & Western prefd 85
6,900 Northern Pacific 871^
400 Northern Pacific prefd 15374
12.700 Ontario & Western : ...; 33«<
<">repon tlallway & Navigation.... 1 42
....... Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.' 76 -
14,500 Pennsylvania ..154%
3,?M Reading .' 34%
3.109 Reading -1st prefd 7314
11.000 Reading 2d prefd 43*
800 Rio Grande Western g;
100 Rio. Grande Western prefd ....100
7,900 Rt Louis & Fan Francisco 44};
f?t L A 8an Fran 1st pr«fd;....... gju
J.JW) fit t, & Ran Fran id prefd ;. 69
a,2no Bt Tjouls Southwestern 34*i
S.fOO Ft Lools Southwestern prefd 64%
10.300 Bt Paul .'.... 152$
fit Paul nrcfd .........188
St Paul 4-Omaha ...1I5«<
2.700 Southern -Pacific.;.. 45^4
12.700 Southern Ra'lway^. - ztL
3.000 Southern Railway prefd .....:. ..;.;. 78T4
lfi.200 Texas A Psclflc 33U
19,700 TTnlon Pacific •>?¦:;
"f>0 l T n!on Pacific prefd •. ' K5U
in.400 Wabayb . :'. ;..~.V.; ; 2Ui
51,100 W»ba*h prefd .:.............;... ««
tW WheellngA Lake Erie ....... :.?..: 15a
31*) Wheeling & Lak* Erie 2d prefd.. 3-}.
1.S00 Wisconsin Central- .-..;.-....«.. 20T4
:...... Third Avenue ..;..'. ; .1211*
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
United States 3s advanced hi. new 4s and old
4<t coupon Mi and refunding 2s registered %.
The refunding 2s coupon declined Vi over the
cloeing call of a week ago.
Business In railroad bonds continues large,
the speculative issues being the favorites. But
bond dealers report some disposition on the
pert of customers to sell high-grade bonds and
reinvest In railroad stocks with good dividend
prospects. - - - --
The strength of the sterling market In spite
of the continued large trade balance In our
favor Is conclusive evidence of the continued
employment of American capital in foreign
markets and shows that our capital will par
ticipate either directly or Indirectly In the
coming British war loan. The prospective
drain upon the money market of the Govern
ment's collections of surplus revenue Is bound
to receive attention. In \-lew of the large re
quirement*. Disbursements for pensions have
reached the high level for the month during
the past week and will now progressively de
cline. Yet the revenue requirements nave been
Rfi large as to have absorbed nearly $1,000,000.
Owing to the unprecedently high prices for
Government bonds the Secretary of the Treas
ury expresses his disinclination to buy bonds,
which is the only method open to him to re
lieve the money market. But there Is a feel-
Ing of confidence In Wall street that any ac
tual utringency in the money market would
Irduce action by the Treasury Department.
Confidence- In the strength of the general busi
ness situation and the substantial basis of the
country's prosperity broadly underlies the se
curity market and overrides . fear of conse
quences from technical considerations, such as
overextenslon of speculation and undue -exten
sion of credits, which might go to Inflation
of values.
ccme. There was some renewal of the realis
ing here and there, but the closing was ani
mated and the undertone strong, with prices
n<ar l**t. A number of Influences combined
to precipitate a very active i>peculat*on for
the rise with the opening for the week and a
heavy speculative profit taking had been well
nbsorbed by the growing new demand, so that
the general strength of the market has been
well sustained. L,a»-t Saturday's bank Ftate
m«nt, with Its record of loan contraction, was
interpreted to mean that the large syndicate
fc< rrcwers for the various consolidation and ab
sorption plans were In a position to liquidate
l< ans to offset any encroachment upon money
market resources Irom other sources. The con
test for control of Burlington apparently con
tinued and was supplemented by excited spec
ulative buying of stock. By Tuesday afternoon
the speculative profit taking had overborne the
force of the buying and Wednesday taw some
erarp reactions. But new points of strength
developed and rallied the market. The buoy
ancy of a number of minor railroad stocks
gave color to reports that the process cf ab
sorption and combination In the Interests of the
larger railroad systems was still actively pro
ceeding. Many stocks with . a comparatively
short hii<tory owing to reorganizations in re
cent years touched higher prices than any
previous records and others went higher than
fr.r tome year*. Louievllle and Nashville and
Missouri Pacific crossed par for the first time
in the new generation. Missouri- Pacific Is
pointed to as a unique example of a non
dividend paying railroad stock selling above
I-ar. There Is a conviction in Wall street that
this property Is to b* made the center of a
far-reaching consolidation of Southwestern rail
roads. The heavy buying of Wabash securities
remained something of a mystery and It Is
attributed to various other railroads, including
Missouri Pacific Interests. The concurrent
strength of several of the Junior Vanderbilt
stocks gives plausibility to a supposition that
Wabash may be involved In places concerning
them. The notable strength of the Eries was
accompanied by many rumors of plans for ex
tensive rehabilitation of the property, promis
ing large profits available for distribution as
dividends. Such possibilities as were perceived
of unfavorable developments in the situation
were kept In the background, as Is usual In
a period of speculative enthusiasm In Wall
street. During the midweek reaction some con
sideration was given to the threatening Anglo-
IlL.ssi.in difficulty at Tientsin and the* failure
cf negotiations for peace In South Africa was
df-pressing the foreign markets. The announce
ment that an agreement had been reached be
tr.-een Russia and Great Britain was an influ
ence in rallying the market. The prospective
developments In the money market and a rise
in the call loan rate received some attention.
Put considering the magnitude of the week's
financial transactions and the comparatively
rmall effect speculators adopted an optimistic
view of the outlook and they were encouraged
by assurance* from the capitalists concerned
In great syndicate arrangements In their con
fidence In the safety of the situation. The
payment last week of 120.000.000 in dividends
by the Standard Oil Company and this week
of a $10,000,000 Installment on the $40,000,000 sub
scription to the new Union Pacific convertible
t<.nd Issue and the call for a $25,000,000 payment
en Mondr.y of the syndicate's subscription ot
?2<X).000.000 to the steel merger were regarded as
emple tests of the condition of the money
market and of the nice adjustment of thjj
plans of the great syndicates to their respect
ive needs. This adjustment and equipoise Is,
In fact, the key to the whole situation, as has
been previously pointed out.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 2>— 6 p. m.
The fcllowjEg are the seasonal rainfalls to
flfcte, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
boons
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
¦"vTehes-r of a little more bU5ine*sln unpeeled
peaches, with sellers' views about steady-. In
figs the interest Is quiet and buying chiefly
Jor small lots. Dates show no change of Im
portance at the moment. In nut« we hear of a
little trore raowm«r.» in Joniw enelied al
1.1. .-.;.-. with moft holders asking- up to 23<4c
£aJes ar» not<*d on this basis. Walnuts are
"wanted In a moderate way and some business
Is doing. In currants the spot market shows
Jew changes at the moment."
Weather Report.-
"In raisin* we note little movement and a
generally dull situation. Stocks, while not
la^ge. particularly on 2 and 3 crown loose, are
net in good request and the tone Is somewhat
depressed. Business In 2-crown grade is re
ported possible on the basis of b^<S»'ic, accord-
Ing to holder. On 3-crown quotations are
nominally egfi^jc. but there is little important
business <Joir.g. Ccast advices note little feat
ure of market Interest there. In London lay
«rs there is some inquiry for 2-crown grade on
in* basis of tl 25. but most holders are asking
up to $1 30 and tl 45 for 3-crown grade. Im
ported raisir.s are moving In a quiet way gener
•Jly at steady prices.
"Prunee furnlrh the chief Interest and a
Tsuch stronger tone continues to be noted In
connection with the article. At the moment
•"pot stocks have not been materially Increased,
particularly on thow> sires for which there has
b*«i a eteady Jobbing demand. In 50-60 and
•0-70 the market Is reported nearly bare and
holders are asking t>*+c for the former and 5®
f>*e for the latter. A little business has been
eiv«rt"<I to 7f<-S0. eaJes being noted to-day at
4C4HC In 83-90 we hear of little businees, but
there is a fair business doing in 90-1«0, with
•ome holders arkicg up to S*»c. The prune
outlook shows prorpects cf increasing firmness,
due to the clearing up cf stocks on the spot
and the gradual absorption of outside hold
ings on the coast. Some Chicago inquiries are
reported In this market, the Inquirers seeking
60-W eize on the basis of lA^c laid down there.
This prie* j s equal to about 6S»e net here.
Borne buyirig of outside prunes on the coast for
shipment here and to Philadelphia Is noted on
the t\tc basis for the four *lses.
Latest mall advice* from New Tork say
Foreign import* at this port during the first
two months of the year were $5,155,530. agatnxt
S7.en.000 for the same time last year, the lead
lng sourc«« belnp as follows: Japan. $1,328,000"
Cailna, $1,175.2«*>; Great Britain. $458,280; Central
America. $410,SS5; East Indies. $384,780.
Trunes and Raisins in New York.
Foreign Imports.
Local bank clearinps for the past wee 1 :
•mounted to $1S.SC2.347. against fl6.008.C66 fir
toe- aen-e week last year.
Bank Clearings.
- , Fourteen i or fifteen \ cars -of ; Oranges : are ' an
nounced for ' to-morrow's : auction. • ; The"; Orange
market \ continues ;¦ weak : under * large : supplies.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Six half chests of Strawberries came In from
Menlo ¦ Park,"- selling ; at'i $1 50©2 per; drawer. ¦ •;
¦ Storage — California fancy, ; standard;
;; Eastern , fancy, ; standard, 1 ; sec
ends, — . - Tirpi iJThtjiHi 1 1 1 wiraiwfflHB<liMiin*
• Kirgs k ' are ¦ still* in good' demand and very
steady,- though the- filling up of the cold stor
age warehouses by speculators is expected to
.throw 'a good many on the market within a
few days, and In this 'event spot ¦ stocks, will
probably ' tend *'• to accumulate aicaln. f
Prlceo for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Receipts as reported by the ! Dairy- Exchange
were: 44,300»-pounds of Butter, 1768 cases Eggs,
3150 . pounds , California Cheese and pounds
Eastern ¦ Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
14c ; ". i. .•'.¦;-: . ¦¦.' -¦'. . ¦¦. . , :
•Dairy— Extras. :15c; firsts, Uc; seconds, 12c;
store, lie. ? '"W»aMaw>Jiieg!t»fei>CT8 w< **W>M
•Storage — Creamery, extras, ¦ ; : firsts, •: ;
seconds. • ; ; dairy . extras, .
- Pickle, ( — per ¦ pound. ¦-¦;¦
I Keg/ "— - per pound.
¦ CHEESE '— Fancy. • full • cream, 9c: choice.
8c; common.'- nominal; -Young Americas, ' 9%c-
Eastern, full ¦ cream. - 15@16Vic per lb.
EGGS—
. California Ranch — Selected White. IJHc;
mixed colors, f 124c per dozen. ' . : .
. California Gathered— Selected. 12%c; stand-'
«rd,"12c; seconds, '——.'," ' ¦ ': -''-.- >.. -...-- •_ , ¦•
'. l Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, — —;
seconds,' — >'•; •':¦„-¦¦ ,. - ' ' ,,¦:' ; ' •¦ '¦.-*!•
' Orders ' from • the north for Butter are • de
creasing, '. and as receipts are increasing stocks
are accumulating' and the - market is reported
weak, the medium and lower grades especially.
Cheese continues flrni. . : .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; JWhlte- 1 Geese. $1@
1 25; , Brant. U B0@l 75 for small and S2 for
large; Honkers. ' *3@4 50: English . Snipe $3 50:
Jack- Snipe. $1 50: Hare. $1; Rabbits. $125
Ql 60 for Cottontail and 75clUJl for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. Hit 12c for Gob
blers and 12f(fl4c for Hens; Geese, p«r - pair
$1 50@2; Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks, $4 50@6 for
old and $S@3 50 for young; Hens, $5@6 50;
young Roosters. $7@8 50; old Roosters, $5@5 50;
Fryers, " $6@6 50; Broilers. $5@6 for largo and
S3 60®4 50 for small ; Pigeons, . $t 75@2 per
dozen for old and $2 50@3 for Squabs.
There was a little Poultry, chiefly live ¦.Tur
keys, left on hand at the close, j and a car of
Eastern Is announced . for to-morrow. Other
wise there is nothing new. Game Is nominal,
receipts being Irregular and Insignificant.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus. $2@2 25 for fancy, $1 25ft 1 75 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@>$l for No. 2; - Green
Peas, : 2@3c- for .Bay; String- Beans,- 6@10c:
Cabbage, 65c@$l; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 75c@
$1 25 per crate; from Mexico, $1 25@1 50 per
crate; Kgg Plant, ¦ Los Angeles, 12%o per lb;
Green ' Peppers. Los Angeles,' 80 ' per lb for
Chile and 12tf®lSc for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12®
18c; Dry Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c®$l 50 per dozen;
Summer Squash,' $1 25 per box; Garlic, .2%@3c
per lb: Marrowfat Squash, $20(330 per ton;
Mushrooms, 8@15c per lb.
ONIONS— $2©3 per ctl; Cut Onions. 73c©*l 50
per sack; Australians, $3 50@4; Green Onions,
25640c Der box. ' :•:.-;
POTATOES— Early Rose. 85c@$l: Burbanks.
25<g50c for River and 60@S0c for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon, S0@90c; Sweets, 60@73c
for Merced; New Potatoes; l©2M,o per lb.'
Receipts were 1741 boxes Asparagus,- 664 boxes
Rhubarb. 459 sacks Bay Peas and 190 sacks
New Potatoes. ¦
There Is I no change worthy of note In Pota
toes and Onions, both . being eteady.
Dally, shipments of Asparagus. : Rhubarb and
Peas to the East, coupled with the usual local
and coast shipping demand, keep prices, from
breaking • under ¦ j the • current heavy receipts.
Arrivals of Southern Vegetables are slowly de
creasing. '";: j-
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50<@3: Canary. 3H3
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H«l8%c ror Califor
nia and 9@9Hc for Utah; Rape, 2@2^c; Hemp,
3V4c; Timothy, 6!4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70©
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions Ijnd Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayes, $2 50@2 65:. Small White, $4 65
®4 90; Large White, $4Q'4 25; Pink, $1 8562 10;
Red, $3®3 25; Blackeye, $3@3 25; Llmas, $5 753
5 SO; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $3 75^4 per
ctl; • '-¦-. ' '--. ;".-¦-: - -
The large purchases by the Government have
not yet advanced White Beans, though they
are . firm. Pinks and other colored descrip
tions continue weak and dull, with more sell
ers than buyers. -
Beans and Seeds^
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Parley. $18 50S17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ,$25@26; Jobbing,
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $25©
25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@2S; Mixed- Feed,
$15®16."
HAY— Volunteer. $5®8; Wheat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat. S9S12; Oat, »9®ll 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S®9 50; Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
6TRAW— 33@47%c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 50, per ton.
Prices for everything remain undisturbed.
The demand for Hay and Feedstuffs Is normal
BRAN— $15015 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: ¦ Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 6003 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25-
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 53; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
@7 60; In sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 7503 for bakers' ; Washington, j bakers* $2 73
@3. . :• v.o?
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— The market continues very dull at the
old quotations. Yellow. $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10
©I 15; Eastern mixed, $1 12H per ctl.
RYE— S0®?2Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
White. $1 25@1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red.
fl 25@1 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed. $1 17}4@l 20:
for Seed, n 25«1 ?0 per ctL
OATS — There is nothing new to report. Of
ferings do not meet with much response from
buyers. v
Informal Session— 9:1"> o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY- The market remains quiet at un
changed quotations.
Feed, 76Ui?»77Vsc for choice bright, 75c for
No. 1 and 72^«?"3%c for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 803S3c; Chevalier, nomi
nal. - : \ • ¦ .• ¦ ¦-. ¦ ¦ :
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— No eales.
Second' Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 03 s i
CAMi BOA Iin SALES.
Spot Vvneat— Snipping. )l; mining, «j. W««l Oj
per ctl. .
This market was very dull and unchanged.
Chicago developed some steadiness, and any
decline from I 7Cc Immediately brought out ' a
cash demand. There were acceptances of flour
from Europe on cables. Traders, however,
were bearish. Northwestern receipts for the
week were 25S7 cars, against 0690 for the same
week last year. •
WHEAT— Paris was weak. New York firm
and Liverpool unchanged. A New York house
received -a cable stating that there was some
anxiety in Geranany over the crop prospects.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchcnge, 60 days...... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight V.;« — £6 4 8S*i
Sterling Cables .................... — 4 89%»
New York Exchange, sight...... — ¦ 15
N«w York Exchange, telegraphlo — ]7J*
Silver, per ounce — 60ii
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 60 Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Weekly bank clearings show the usual gain.
Good Saturday business in local and oil stocks.
Wheat very dull at previous quotations.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay and Feedstuff s in normal demand and steady.
White Beans very firm under Government purchases.
Colored Beans in ovcrsupply and zaeak.
Good demand for Asparagus, Rhubarb and Green Peas.
Potatoes and Onions steady at unchanged prices. ';;•
A ear of Eastern Poultry announced for to-morrozc.
Xo change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fourteen or fifteen cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Receipts of Strazvbcrries continue to increase daily.
Dried Fruit situation as before.
Provisions firm and unchanged.
Nothing iiczv in the Meat market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exports andHmports.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Exports of gold "and
silver from this ¦ port : to ' all' countries for. the
WASHINGTON,- March 23.— To-day's , state
ment : of the treasury ; balances , In • the . general
fund, exclusive of. the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption. ; shows: Available
cash balance. $152,446,176; gold, -$93,923, 165.
Condition of the Treasury,
NEW YORK,' March 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock, market here was quiet In anticipa
tion of the settlement; . The r tendency toward
recovery was continued. : . :' ' ..
Americans , opened • fc%avy on , the > over-night
hesitation' In New York. They soon ' hardened,
however, on purchases by London and the Con
tinent of Denver . and Northern Pacific. ; issues.
The close was. at the: best prices.'. Money was
easier again. The bank. has bought £67,000. In
gold bar3. -„ . . .
CLOSING.
Atrhison, 62V4; Canadian Pacific, 97H; Union
Pacific preferred, . 87VJ : ¦'• Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 91H: Grand Trunk.- 8%:? Anaconda, 9M.
Bar silver, quiet,. 27%d.< . Money,: 3H@4 per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 23.— The weekly state
ment of the averages of the Associated ' Banks
Is as follows: Loans, $910,779,100, decrease $4.
033.C00; deposits. $1,000,458,300, decrease $5,277,-'
300; circulation. $31,525,100, decrease $60,5000;
legal tenders, $71,898,700. decrease $222,200; specie,
tl88.4S8,3CO, decrease $939,800; total reserve, $260,
387.000, decrease $1,162,000; reserve require
ments; $250.114,o75. decrease $1,431,825; surplus
reserve, $10,272,425, increase $269,825.
The Financier says: The continued contrac
tion of deposit liabilities, mounting during the
current week to $65,727,300, is lessening the
amount of reserve which the New York banks
are required to carry, and therefore the steady
loss of cash Is not affecting materially the
total of surplus reserve. In fact the decrease
of $1,162,000 In cash holdings for the six days
ending Saturday was | more than offset by the"
process mentioned and the surplus reserve
made an actual gain of $269, S25, compared with
the last previous week's exhibit. The totals
In this respect do ; not agree with unofficial
estimates of money movements, the. lose hav
ing been placed at not more than one -tenth
that actually reported. Operations with the
Treasury resulted In a loss of nearly one mil
lion, but this was minimized by gains from the
Interior. The actual position of the banks is
probably stronger than shown by Saturday's
report of averages. The changes in the items
of loans and deposit* are traceable directly to
several large Institutions concerned in pending
deals of magnitude and therefore are of only
temporary importance. The principal factor at
this time centers In the movements of money,
which are of rather contradictory character.
The Treasury continues to gain from the banks,
although, as pointed out last week, the losses
thus occasioned should grow smaller from this
time on. Some attention was attracted during
the week to foreign exchange, whclh grew
stronger and preliminary talk of gold exports In
the face of an enormous trade balance was not
lacking. This view, however, seemed unfound
ed, as the variation of lntere'st rates here and
abroad led to technical advances tJmt will ad
just themselves automatically. It will be seen,'
however, that the demands to which the New
York banks arc subject are not growing less
and where one reason for easier money can
be advanced others quite as logical . can be
offered on the other side of the question. Con
servative Interests look for no great changes
In the market. Interior points seem well sup
plied with funds and are seeking commercial
paper here. The consummation of the steel
deal will require heavy payments at the be-
Klnnlng of the current week, but this is a
shifting process more than anything else and
Is not likely to create much disturbance. The
banks so far this month have decreased their
deposits $12,OOO.CCO; loans $4,600,000 and 'cash
holdings .$7,500,000, while excess reserve has
fallen $4.coo,000. , ; .
'Associated Banks' Statement.
Mo Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91H
100 National Tube ;.. 60
¦• National . Tube ' prerd ;..' 113
Express companies—
Adams > 155
4W> American .........'... • ias
200 United States ...j. 7'
Wells-Fargo '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.137
- Miscellaneous— : • ¦ .
200 American Cotton Oil 26
••••—; American Cotton Oil prefd 85
300 American Malting ;.¦ 5^
••;-" American Malting prefd 20
I' i« Amer 'can Smelting & Refln 5Stf
-.400 • American Pmeiting & Refln prefd.. 96«4
American Spirits 1^
,";A Amer <ean Ppiiits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop ; 41%
SCO American Steel Hoop prefd 92
300 American Steel & Wire...... 42 T ,i
, £*> American Steel & Wire prefd 10GV4
l.OCO American Tin Plate .;... 7O',i
400 American Tin Plate prefd 114U
4,200 American Tobacco .... 127
American Tobacco prefd ..'.AH
3.900 Anaconda Mining Co 471.;
11.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S2«i
5,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 51%
1,600 Continental Tobacco 45V»
10O Continental Tobacco prefd :..104U
2.000 Federal Kteel .. 48%
1.000 Federal fe'teel prefd 100%
100 General Electric .....216
200 Glucose Sugar . 4S«4
GIucoe* Sugar prefd 95
3,600 International Paper 27
1,800 International Paper prefd 79U
200 I/aclede Gas^ , 82
200 National Biscuit 4H4
National Biscuit prefd 9.V/.
100 Xational Lead 151^
National Lead prefd 82%
100 NaUonal Steel Z2K-,
100 National Steel prefd IIS**
_ too New York Air Brake 160
5.600 North American S5U
Pacific Coast 55'
100 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
200 Pacific Mail , 34U
2.?oo People's Gas me
100 Pressed Steel Car 3GU
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75
Pullman Palace Car ....203
Standard Rope & Twine 41;
10,500 Sugar ]4?i 4
Sugar prefd ..., 1221;
400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55*i
1.6*0 United States Leather l'Ti
4C» United States Leather prefd 73
600 United States Rubber 19»4
300 Unitcrt States Rubber prefd £9
4,600 Western Union
9.400 Amalgamated Copper 10'T*
2.000 Republic Iron A Steel Co ... 17'
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co 67»i
P C C & St Louis 64
599.S00 Shares sold. ¦:".'"'
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s regr rf 106 N Y Cent lsts 107U
Do coup 106 N J Cent gen 5s....l33»i
Do 3s reg 111^4 Northern Pac 3s... 72
Do 3s coup 1114 Do 4s 105H
Do new 4s reg....l38^ N Y C i St L 4s..lO3«*
Do new 4s coup..l3SVi N & W Con 4s....lO2Va
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts ;.lio'
r>o old 4s coup. ..114*4 Do 4s : 104«i
Do 5s reg Hl>, Or Short Line 6s. ..128'
Do 5s coup 111% Do con 5s U6\4
Dls of Col 3.63s. ..123U Reading Gen 4s.... 94%
Atchison gen 4s 104H It G W lsts 101 U
Do adj 4s 9IH St L & I M con Ss.mvi
Canada Sou 2ds....lOS}« S L tc S F gen 6s.. 1314
Ches & Ohio 4V4s..lO7i.4 St Paul con 184V4
Do 5s 121*,ISt P C & P lsts. ..US'
C ft: N con 7s 141>i Do 5s.....; 120U
Do S F Deb 5s... 124 Southern Pac 4s... 92*»
Chic Term 4s 97 Southern Ry 5s 117
Colorado Sou 4s.... 87^4 Stand R & T 6s.... 57«4
D & R G 4s 102U Tex & Pac lsts....l2O
Erie Gen 4s 98% Do 2ds 96
F W & D C lsts...lO4U Union Pac 4s 106>i
Gen Elec 6s 116 Wabanh lsts 119ii
Iowa Cent lsts....U7'» Do 2ds 110
L & N Unl 4s 102H West Shore 4s 11514
M K & T 2ds SOi* wj 8 Cent lsts P0»i
Do 4s 9SVi;Va Cenuirles 95 -
MINING . STOCKS.
Adams 23 Little Chief 04
Alice 34 Qntario 10 CO
Breece ..„ 1 20 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con 24 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosl 12
Con Cal & Va 170 Savage 08
Dcadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada SO
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes ". 65
Iron Silver 6SjStandard 4 00
Leadvllle Con 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 4
Call loans 8@4 West End 95
Time loans 3^04 Westlnghouse El.. 62H
Stocks— Bonds— 1
A T & S F 61H Atchi*on 4s 102U
A T & S F prefd.. 84^ N B Qa»*Coke 5s. 63
American Sugar.. .142^ Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd.,,121 Adventure 15%
Bell. Telephone m Blngham 25%
Boston & Albany.. 255 Amal Cor, ex dlv.lOOTi
Boston Eleva.ted..-173«4 Atlantic 3*>u,
Chgo. Bur & Q...165T, Boston & Mont.. ..335
Dominion Coal 37ft nutte & Boston... 103
Dom Coal prefd.. .110 iCalumet & Hecla.858
Federal Steel 4SH]fVntennial 28»i
Fed Steel prefd. ...10O^i|»anklin 23U
KltchburK ppefd..,.144Vi Humboldt 5n
General Electric. .214H;Osceola 86U
Gen Elec prefd.. ..193 Parrot 63
Ed Elec 111 265 iQuincy ..' .....M74
Mexican Central... 24^4 Santa Fe Copper.. 7»i
N' E Gas & Coke.. 12 Tamarack ..338
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 34V
Old -Dominion 36*4 Wlnona 6»i
Rubber IS Wolverines 62
Union Pacific S2Vi
T!ie market for evaporated apples continues
steady in tone, without any particular change
in values. State common were quoted at 3@4c;
prime, 4Vz<g<4v4c; choice, 5@6?ic; fancy. , 666^0.
California dried fruita were dull and un
changed
prunes— 3?;<g7c. J '¦•'¦ ¦
APRICOTS— Royal. 7V4@l2c; Moorpark, Si*
©lJc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12>i®20c; unpeeled, 5'i
@ioe. •; •
* : *
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, March 23.— The wheat market was
a featureless affair. May opened unchanged to
Me lower on good weather and liberal North
west receipts. Bears, however, were weak
heai ted. fearing to run Into an ambuscadej
They were more Inclined, like the rest of
the crowd, to play even over Sunday In view
of the turn affairs In China might take.
When reports that the difficulty had been
settled were confirmed shorts covered moder
ately and with the additional assistance of
the corn strength May gradually advanced to
76iic and closed H@Uc higher at 76V4@76>-4c. 3
Corn opened firm and continued strong for
an hour. . There was ;i good outside demand
as well as local trade. The cloee was %c
higher for May at 41%nm%a
Oats were dull, but Him. May closed Vs@Uc
up at 25Hc
Provisions were easier, but except In pork
the losses In price were not very material.
May pork opened unchanged at $16 and de
clined under liquidation to $15 30, closing 60c
under yesterday at $15 40. May lard closed
2V»c lower and ribs 7Vic down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
DRIED FRUITS
i ;>' :... :--. ¦ t - ¦¦ ,-:>.. --,;•".¦ I:
*- — — : — _ _ *.
NET-V YORK, March 2i— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,3(52 barrels;; experts, 15,502 barrels; dull, but
steady with wheat; ¦ winter patents,': $3 6504;
winter .straits, $3 45@3 55; Minnesota ' patents,
$4 10®4 35; winter extras, J2 43@2 SO; Minnesota
bakers', $3@3 25; winter low grades, $2 45@2 60.
' WHEAT— Receipts, • K3.100 bushels; exports,
228,078 bushels; Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 81*ic f.
o. b. afloat: ' No. 2 re>l, SO«ic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. . 90Vsc f. o. b. j afloat; ' No. . 1
hard Duluth, 92%c f. 0, b. afloat. Options
cpened'steady. on cable news and fears of ad
ditional crop damage Btorles. They later ad
vanced on covering. Inspired ' partly by ¦ the
possibility 'of bullish, statistics, on^Monday.
The close was. firm on export rumors,, showfng
Uc advance. . March closed i at 80%c: May,
SO 7-16@80«4c. closed at SO%c; July, . 80 5-16@
80 13-16c, closed at . So*ic; September, 73?i@
SO 3-16c, closed at 80i»j. ;
. HOPE— Quiet: State common to ! choice. 1300
crop, l7@20c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crftp, 16019c. jj
HIDES^-Steady; California, 18V4@13c; Texas,
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece. 24S'26c: Texas,
ls@17c. , , - * - .
COFFEE— Spot Rto, steady; No. 7 invoice,
7c bid; mild, steady; Cordova, 8@12%c. Futures
closed steady, 'with prices- 5(?jlO points net
higher; total sales, 9250 bags. Including March.
io 60; May, $0 Co; July, So SO; September, io SO;
Dcternber, $5 03. ¦ • ¦ : •
. .SUGAU— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3Uc;
centrifugal. £>6 test, 4 l-32c; molasses sugar,
3 9-32c: refined, steady;- No. 6, 4.70c: No. 7,
4.60c: No. S, 4.i.0c; No. 9. 4.45c; No. 10, 4.40c;
No. 11, 4,35c; No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13, 4.30c; No.
14. 4.25c: standard A, 5.03c; confectioners' A.
6.05c; mold A. 5.60c; cutloaf, 6.75c; crushed.
5.75c; powdered, 5.35c; granulated. 5.23c; cubes,
5.60c.
" BUTTER— Receipts, 3179 packages; strong;
fresh creamery, lC@22c: factory. 9<gl4',4c.
EGGS— Receipts. 11.715 packages; steady;
Western, at mark, 13c. 1 . ¦ .
Oats, ctls 1,500 1
Flour, qr sks.... 5,225 Wool, bales ...._ ra
Wheat, ctls »,820 Shorts, sks .... 'm
Barley, ctls .... 445 Broom Corn, bds 105
Oats, ctls .-, 1.920 Wine, gals .... 33 J&
Bran, sks 2.485 Ume, bbls .. «?
Middlings, sks .. 271 Chicory, bbla - «
Corn, ctls ....... 190 Sugar, ctls ...."." 523s
Rye. ctls 450 Tallow, ctla .... 20s
Potatoes, sks .... 3,170 Leather, rolls ... iss
Onions, sks ..:.. 135 Hides fco . i??
Hay. tons 350 Pelts. bdU .. " 7%
Straw, tons .... 5 Silver. Oca „ ""* 7\
Hops, bales 845 ¦ * "
, WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks. ..4,410 (Hops, bales ..._ 35
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 23.
Receipts: of Produce.
Crushed, 6.05c; Powdered. 6.63c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5. 15c:- Extra r
B.OSc; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels. 10c mor«- half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more- 50-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for lesa than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels. «.30c: boxes. 6.65c per lb. .
SALMON— Round Iota are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red, $1 20; medium do. $1 10; pink. 90®
93c: Columbia River, Chinook, 31 75 for tails
and $1 83 for flats; barreled Salmon. 110 for
Alaska barrels and J5 60 for half-barrels
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Retains' Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-1 b bags:
RICE— China mixed, $4 20©4 25; No. 1. $4 700
4 85: extra. ,J5 C0@5 50; Japanese, $4 95®5 50-
Louisiana. $4<?6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
• COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; Sonthileld
Wellington. W; Seattle. $7; Bryant, *7:<££
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sucks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. J15 per ton In bulk and
H7 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton. accord-
Ing to brand. .
¦ BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; j Calcutta
Grain Bars, June and July, 7c: spot. 6ft@7c;
local make. Ho less than Calcuttas: Wool
Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine. 7H©8c
General Merchandise.
LA MB— Spring. 10®llff per pound.
PORK— LI v* Hogs. 180 lbs and under. /He;
180 to 225 lbs, 6V;c: '225 and over. (OS^c*
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%©9Hc "
The week closed on a steady market for
Beef, with Mutton and Lamb easy and Hogs
scarce and firm.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6@7%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©8c; small. 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8HQ9c; Ewes. 838Hc per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL-Ppring.- 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
dno. 15@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12@l3c; de
fective. 10@llc: Middle County, free, 10911c:
do, defective, 91S10c; Southern. 12 months, 8®
9c: Southern, free, 7 months. 7®10c: do. de
fective, 7 months. 7©Sc: Oregon Valley, fine,
15<gl6c: do. medium and coarse. 14f?15c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12614c; do. fair to good.
9®llc; Nevada. 10@l!c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. ll@12c; Middle County and North
ern, 8®9c; San Joaquln, 7®8c.
HOPS— 13320c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under Quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags
6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, fc: Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 15'jc; Culls. 13c; Dry Kip 15c*
Dry Calf. 16c: Culls and Brands, 12®13c: Sheep
skins, shearlings. loQZSc each; short Wool. 30
@40c each: medium, 60/g95c; long Wool, 75c<ejl
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 60 for large and
$2@2 25 for medium. $1@1 23 for small and 50c
for Colts: Horse Hides, drv. $1 7S for large
$1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; ' large and
smooth. BOc; medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb- No
2, 3H@*c; grease, 2@2^c.
Hides, Tallow,. Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6$4e per lb for
compound and 10c for pure: haif-barrels
pure, lOtfc; 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. lOvic.
CO*TOLENE— One half-barrel, 8Vi,c; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces. 7Hc per lb. I .
, CURKD MEATS— Bacon, lH$c per lb for
heavy. I2gl2%c for light medium. 13c for
light, 13U for extra light and 15S15Hc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams.
12V4@13c: Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mesa.
$12 50; Family, $13 60; prime mess Pork, 115V
15 50; extra clear. *3J; Mess. tlS; Smoked Beef
13c per pound.
The market 5hoxvs no further change. The
tone continues firm.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13^@14c for bright and 12«4«S
13o for light amber: water white extracted. 7V»c:
light amber extracted, >.*®7c; dark. 6®6Hc
per lb. «
1 BEESWAX-24S:6c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. >a 10c, per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. I. 7%c: No.
1 hardshell. 9\»c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12® 13c
for paper-shell. 9®lle for *<-ftiriell; Peanuts. 5®
6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.^U::
Pecans. Ilgl3c; Cocoanuts. fJ 50$5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: chole*. lie; stand,
ard, 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thompsons. 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 1014c per lb: choice,
9^c: standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; unbleached Sul
tanas, 8e: Seedless, 50- lb boxes. 8^c; 4-crown.
7c: 3-crown. €Hc; 2-crown. «c. Pacific brand,
2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. B^c. and 4-crown. BV*c:
eeefled (Fresno prices), fancy. 18-ounce. 7c; 12
ounce. 6Vte: choice, 16-ounce, Mic: U-ounce,
5%c: London Layers. 2-crown. SI 50 p«r box: 3
erewn. 1160; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa. *2 50:
imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 slies. 3c: 30-40s, 7c:
40-SOs, CKc: 50-60s. 4Hc; 6O-7Cs. 3*ic -70-808. 3Ue;
S0-90s, 274c; 90-lCOs. 2%c; 1C0- 120s. l%c; rubies,
He premium; Sonomas. He ;ind San Joaqulns
hie less than Santa Claras, except 100 end over.
which Ktand the same.
FRUITS— Apricots. 6«f7c for Royals and 8H©
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3'~tfic;
sun-dried. liit?2%c: Peaches, 3{?3Vac for stand
ard,' 4®4Uc for choice and 51?8c for fancy;
Pears, 2® 7c: Plums, pitted, 435c; unpltted. 1©
lHc; Nectarines, 5@5V4c for red and 5<?66c for
white. .....
Limes : are pretty, well cleaned up again, but
Lemons are In liberal supply and weak.
Apples are getting scarce. Bananas are firm,
with lessened stocks. '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ';»3H
APPLES— 50(g"5c per box for common and $1
61 75 for good to choice and $2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUIT»-Navel Oranges. 50c®«l 75;
Seedlings,' ; Tangerines, ;50c@$l 25; Japan
ese Mandarins. $1@1 50: Lemons, 50c© Jl for
common -and $1 2.Vf?2 for- good to. choice:
Grape Fruit, o0c@$2; Mexican Limes, nominal;
California Limes, nominal: Bananas, 73c@]2 25
per bunch: Pineapples, T3c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. The
tendency In Prunes continues upward, while
the Inquiry for Peaches and Apricots Is slowly
Improving. Raisins are. neglected. ,
SATURDAY. March 23—12 m.
Bid. Ask. ( Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 «6l Justice 03 04
Alta 06 «7!Kfntuck — 02
Andes 03 07 Lady Wash .. Ot 03
Belcher 12 14 Mexican 38 33
Best & Belcher 27 29 Occidental 03 07
Bullion 01 02|Ophlr 79 80
Caledonia 77 73 Overman 15 18
Challenge Con. 18 20 Potosi ...... 11 -17
Chollar .;...... 15 17|Sava«e 13 15
Confidence .... 70 75jScorplon — Ot
Con Cal & Va.2 05 2 10: Seg Belcher .. 01 «2
Con Imperial.. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 37 33
Con New Tork..— WlSUver Hill .... 40 41
Crown Point .. 12 13 St. Louis 03 —
Eureka Con .. M —Standard 4 05 4 50
Exchequer 01 62 Syndicate — OS
Gould & Curry IS 17 Union Con .... 21 23
Hale- A Norcrs 13 15 Utah 0« 07
Julia 01 82 Tellow Jacket.. 24 IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Mornln- Session.
Board— /
3000 Bear Fla* 18
500 California-Standard 53
700 Caribou .. «5
300 Four Oil Co 57
400 Four OH Co. ¦ 30 ~ /58
2 Hanford VI 00
Sfto Independence IS
13m Junction ....: 65
3300 Junction ". 64
2000 Lion 19
1000 Lion 20
300O11 City Petroleum ~ »
1000 Petroleum Center 13
100O Reed Crude 58
151 San Joaquln O & D Co 12 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange board yester
day:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher ........ 12! 300 Ophtr 79
300 Best & BelcBer 24 100 Ophir 7T
700 Best A Belcher 25! 300 Ophir ..: 73
100 Caledonia 73 300 Overman 15
600 Chollar 17 1000 Seg Belcher 03
500 Con Cal & Va.l 96 8O0 Sierra Nevada. 34
1250 Con Cal & Va.2 00 700 Sierra Nevada. 33
100 Crown Point... 13 200 Sliver Hill .... M
400 Justice 03i 300 Union Con .... 21
200 Mexican 35 100 Union Con 23
100 Mexican 34!, 500 Yellow Jacket. 21
The following were the saies In the Pacifla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha Con .... 03 300 Gould A Curry 1« ,
200 Belcher 11 500 Justice. 04 /
1100 Belcher 12 800 Mexican 33
500 Belcher 12^ 900 Mexican !W
500 Best &. Belcher 2a 700 Ophir 77
500 Best A Belcher 23 400 Ophir "U
300 Best & Belcher 21 500 Ophir 75
800 Best & Belcher 23 500 Ophir SO)
200 Caledonia 73 300 Ophir 73
£00 Con Cal A V.I 37H 350 Ophir 7»
950 Con Cal A Va.l 90 BOO Overman ,15
200 Con Cal & V.I J34 250 Potosl 17
1400 Con Cal & Va.2 00 500 Sierra, Nevada. 34
1600 Con Cal A Va.2 05; 900 Sierra Nevada. 35
500 Con Cal * V.2 07H I SO0 8lerra Nevada. 3*
800 Crown Point .. 12 j 800 Sierra Nevada. 37
700 Crown Point ..12H 500 Tellow Jacket, 31
500 Crown Point .. 13l
Morning Session.
Beard—
VjO Blue Gooss 2 50
100 California-Standard 53
I'M Caribou 1 «i
SCO ni Oro 50
SOU Four .". 57
wen Four - 58
100 Har.ford. Fresno. Kern River 21
200 Home 4 CO
(M Mon 21
7C0 Monarch oi Arizona »7
10O Occidental of West Virginia «o
200 011 City Petroleum 23
£00 Petroleum renter, b 10 14
1000 Petroleum Center, b 33 14
600 Reed Crude 59
250 Sterling S 35
200 Sterling 3 32*4
50 Twenty-eight 1 57H
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
3 Bank of California 410SO
$3000 N P C R R 5s IPS 82H
jrJCO Oakland Water 5s 10O 3
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas 3 JS
60 Hawaiian Com'I A Sugar .: TO 80
45 Hawaiian Com'1 A Sugar 69 00
J5000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s.. 104 75
200 Honokaa. S Co 32 00
250 Hutchlr.son S P Co .... 23 ©0
135 Mak&well S Co _ 41 BO
J30C0 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 122 00
19000 Northern Railway of Cal Ss ........in 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 47 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 4S 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 43 50
20 Oceanic S S Co . » 49 BO
£0 Oceanic S S Co 43 73
*50CO Oceanic S S bonds 10123
I.1000 Oceanic S S bonds 101 »i
J0OW Oceanic S S bonds 102 Ot)
10 Paauhau S P Co 32 23
1S5 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
20 S F Gas A Electric Co 45 73
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 «H
8*> S F Gas & Electric Co 45 80
55 S F Gas ft Electric Co 45 25
43 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
Alaska Pack..lM 12 lOceanlc SS Co Wt 50
Cal Fruit Can. — 99 |Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal WJne Asn.100 ¦ — ' Pac C Bor Co.130 —
Mer Ex Assn. MS — J Par Paint Co.. 18 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
German ......1830 1900 Sav * Loan... — —
Humboldt ..... — — Security K5 —
Mutual ........ 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav IT.. ..510 -
STRKET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st... — 140 O S L A H.... 4O —
Geary-st 47'^— Presidio — 30
Market-st ..... 63^i — i .
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. — 84 IVIgorlt 2% 314
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7'a #% Kilauea — —
Haw Com «8V, Kh Makawell «U -
Honokaa ..'.... 32 — Onomea 3** 23*i
Hutch S P:... 22% 23 ?aauhau ...... S3 —
BANK STOCK3.
Anglo-Cal 70 TTH Lou P A A.. ..145 —
Bank of Cal... — 41«H a Mer Ex iliq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..lOff — S F National- — 13
1st N of S F 3124
SAVINGS BANKS
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Tinm'n Fund. 235 — I
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. :¦¦ March 23.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
tluestem.'. 59c; : cltib, ¦ 66^4c.r > 'A '-¦:
OREGON,
PORTLAND, March -23.— WHEAT — "Walla
Walla. 57c. . ,
Cleared— Ship • Drulsdale. with 105,232 bushels
of wheat for. Queenstown. ; •
Northern Wheat Market.
• . PORTLAND, • March 23.— Clearings, $236,282;
balances. $62,414. . ¦ "
Portland's -Business.
California, ¦ 6s ' 3&d. •. Futures, steady; May. 63
4d; July.Gs Hd., . : • , »-.:; .t.v*. :,• -
CORN— Spot, firm : American mixed, new, . 3s
10%id;do. old; 4s Vld. Futures, quiet: May, 3s
9%d: July, 3s 9Sid; September, 3s 10>*4d.
* FLOUR— St.- Louis fancy winter, steady, at
8s'6d. ••-¦•¦¦ : „¦ •. • ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦-¦-.¦¦
; HOPS— (At -London); Pacific Coast, steady,
£4@£4 15s. • . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ MARCH 24, 1901.
last week agyrejated j Jl, 075, 582 silver ¦ ban . and
coin and J70S0 told- . ¦
~ The , Imports . of ispeele , thla week were $45,761
gold and $140,134 silver. ' ¦¦•¦'¦- -•¦-.- :
The . imports of dry roods * and : merchandise
for this week were valued at J13.S53.210. .
K— : ' ' V ... ' " — — _*'
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
31
STATIONS.
] Last I This 1 Last
24 Hours Season. Season
Eureka
Red Bluff
Gscramento
6*.n Francisco
FYcsno
Independence
Ban Luis Oblspo..
Lo« Angele*
Ban Diego
_ i i
.01 40.48 4J.12
.... 22.17 19.07
19.01 15.43
18.78 17.02
10.28 7.M
6.80 S.S1
27.62 14.S4
14.10 £.56
... - .... 9.08 J.18
STATIONS.
] Last I This 1 Last
24 Hours Season. Season
Eureka
Red Bluff
Gscramento
6*.n Francisco
FYcsno
Independence
Ban Luis Oblspo..
Lo« Angele*
Ban Diego
_ i i
.01 40.48 4J.12
.... 22.17 19.07
19.01 15.43
18.78 17.02
10.28 7.M
6.80 S.S1
27.62 14.S4
14.10 £.56
... - .... 9.08 J.18
INVESTMENTS— LOANSi-
Gilt edca bonds, niartngr S per cent tat«ie»t.
for sale.
Also dividend paying stocks tn Industrial cor-
porations. .
West Coast Iniestment Co.,
Room 118 Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*. «33GAVIN DISHAIT
IS HARDS' PART
"Little Minister."
Since His Graduation in 1894 He
Has Achieved Success on the
Boards in Various
. Parts.
University Man Appears
at the Columbia in
IRA HARDS. WHO APPEARS
IN 1 THE "LITTXE MINIS
TER."
CRASHES ASHORE
NEAR MENDOCINO
Steamer Luella Strikes on
the Rocks at Little
River.
»
MENDOCINO. March 23.— The steamer
Luella went ashore at noon to-day at Lit
tle River, two miles south of here. She
liad Just completed taking on her cargo of
ties and was endeavoring to put to sea
tvhen she ran upon the rocks, "v';
The Luella lies about fifty yards from
there with her b'ow toward the bluff, and
rests slightly on one 6ide. She Is appar
ently quite solidly entrenched on the rocks
end Is not visibly moved by the waves. An
attempt will be made at high tide, which
occurs at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning,
to tow her off. The steamer Samoa, which
lies near at hand, will make the attempt.
The Luclla is owned by Beadle Brothers
*nd he.- cargo belongs to the Caspar Lum
ber Company.
The Lurlla sailed from this port on the
roth of March for Caspar, In charge of
Captain Master. A- W. Beadle places her
value at $75,000. and she carries a con
siderable cargo of lumber. The Luella Is
a steam schooner.
AMUSEMENTS.
Cettral—"Colleen Batra."
Orph«2m—Vaudeville.
Gran's Opera-houre—"L« Traviata" to-mor
row nlgfct.
Alcazar—"The Proper Caper."
Columbia^—"The Highwayman."
Alharr.bra—"*Tl»t Ancc! ot the Alley."
Tlvoli—"The W'eddlns Day."
Olj-mpia, corner Masua and Eddy streets—
EpeclaJt'es.
Ch'Utes. Zoo and Theeter—Vaudeville e\-ery
afternoon and evening-
Fischer' g—Vaudeville.
Vnlon Coursir.e Park—Coursing to-day.
Tanforaa Park—Races to-morrow.
*r*~
Music in the Park.
The park band will render the following
programme this afternoon:
Overture, "French Comedy"..........Keler Bela
"Dane* of the Gnat«" Ellenb-re
Theme* from "Mefistofele" Bolto
Bolero. "Sepovlane 1' Lacome
Selection. "The Pirates of Penzance". .Sullivan
Overtiire. "Roman Carnix-al" Berlioz
C«w=« »olo Selected
W. Mahood.
waltz, "Invitation to Dance" Weber
Selection. "Robin Hood" De Koven
De»=rlptlve "The Lion Chase" Rolling
Theater-goers will have a chance next
week to pass judgment upon a San Fran- j
cisco boy who has adopted the stage as ]
his profession. In the performance of I
Charles Frohman's "Little Minister" the
part of Gavin Dlshait will be taken by
Ira A. Hards, a graduate of the Univer
sity of California in the class of 1S94.
The "Little Minister", opens at the Co
lumbia to-morrow rilght. Mr. Hards has
achieved considerable success in the the
atrical profession since his appearance
upon the stage in minor parts immediate
ly after his graduation. Upon leaving
college he went to New Tork and per
formed in many of Mr. Frohman's plays.
His ability soon attracted attention, and
Frohman made him assistant stage di
rector for the "Secret Service" company.
In which "William Gillette was starring.
Mr. Hards went with the company to
Europe as stage director, and afterward
filled the same position in the "Little
Minister" Company. The part of Gavin
IMstiait was taken by Robert Edson when
the "Little Minister" was first performed
in New York. He was taken suddenly ill
and Mr. Hards was given an opportunity
to exhibit his talents. He was fitted for
the part physically and also showed him
self possessed of frreat dramatic ability.
He made a great hit with New Tork audi
ences.
DIVORCE SUITS FILED- Suits for divorce
were filed yesterday by Flora L. Taylor
ajrainst Charles Taylor for desertion. Thomas
\V. Hammore against Eva B. Hammore for
cruelty and Henrietta I. Arnold against Julius
Arnold for desertion.
Complain of Bad Streets.
Petitions -were filed yesterday", with the
Board'of : Supervisors 'from -the | Southslde
Improvement Club* requesting: the removal
of the. unused, tracks on Fifth street.'be
tween u Howard ; • aad e Townsend 'streets ;
from l Sophia ',, Isaacs calling' • attention " to
the i negligence > of ¦ the . ' Board ~" of - Public
.Works -In :. not i keeping ; the \ roadway -lot
Stockton f street .between*. Sacramento ¦ *»4
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTZIXiaENCE
SAILED.
- "\ : ' Saturday, ' March i 2J. .
Br stmr St. Bede, McPherson. 27 days from
Manila, 20 days from Kuthmotsu: =. ¦ - . v,
. Schr Oceania Vance,' Burke, YL\ days from'
Port Hadlock. ,«'- . .
Stmr Beician ' , King, - " Bruce, . 44 . days : from
Honckonjf, 2K • days., from Yokohama, Z\i days
from. San Diego. - 4&UBf '""t*<BWy^|*WCtoBW<tWt*
' Schr Bender - Bros, • Wetzel, 8 ihoura.'from'
Fl^hermans Bay. . .- -••..i.-i
- Schr Ralph' J. Long-, Islgkelt, ZO'hours'from
Mendocino. . -. s ¦¦, ¦ »*:.--.•"¦:>-.."-
Schr, Glendale,* Falk. 11 days from Tacoma. ''
! Sehr, Lizzie, Prien,.Stangeland, 4V4 days from'
Sulalaw. '.-:-- ¦> .
¦ , " •¦ • Saturday. March 2i. ? '',
Etmr Acme, Londquiat,! . . »¦ • ?
• ¦* - t DOMESTIC PORTS. ; . ,
_BAN DIEGO— Sailed, ' March -, 23— U 8 itmr
Philadelphia, for Ban Francisco.
"Will Examine Voting Machine.
¦ The ' Board I of K Election ; Commissioners
will ; examine f an > Eastern i, voting ; machine
to-morrow.; morning 1 ; In > the . rooms ¦. of-; the
Registrar ;at v the;Clty.- Hall.' The machine
was lusedf. In Vai : recent 'election In 'Massa
chusetts and is"a. clever, affalr.V The Legis
lature .Just cadjourned ¦ passed ? a. bill^ sub
mitting to the "decision of the people -an
amendment to the .constitution permitting
local - option as j to the adoption of ..voting
Salt Water for Fire Hydrants.
The Fire Commissioners were in consul
tation vwith Mayor Phelan and -Chief. Sul
livan yesterday over ; the '\ proposition of
securing an . appropriation -from the Su-"
perviBors' for. the construction of, a pump
ing pknt and the laying of mains in the
commercial section of the city, to provtdo
salt water ¦ for thqf hvdranta used by, tin
Fire Department,* 'One -hundred thousand
dollars will -'be a3ked for ¦ as '-. a starter.
This scheme originated .with Chief Sulli
van. ¦ ' -'¦ ' • ' - -•'••'.• ¦-•
The, department asks .for~ the - ensuing
fiscal" year $156,220 '. fts against • 5187,637 last
year for supplies and , material. •<; .-; :'¦
CAUFORNIANS IN UTTW YOEK.
NEW YORK, March 23.-The . following
Calif or nians • are In New York: : From
San Francisco— A." M.~ Brown at the Her
ald Square, 'J. C. .White '.at the.Rossmore
and J. H.' White at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles — A.- H.' Heber at the
Cadillac. : JMBBM— i ¦MMMMMB
order to subsen r e the needs of the community.
Public - sentiment . is the name given to the
feeling which gives effect to these virtues of
patriotism and public devotion. It Is because
it exists that we have remained thus -far a
free people. : ylt must and will develop as our
problems - develop. ; The man .who ; says that
tlits cannot be done is inviting political sui
cide. J : : r\-..- •.-¦¦¦¦
Of the power, of such * sentiment, when once
aroused, : there can be no question. The recent
hazing . investigation at West Point show how
much stronger is an unwritten code of honor
In a social body:than are air the laws passed
by Congress. But can ¦ it be thus aroused
to do any large portion of the work which we
now demand of government?- If may be frank
ly admitted that It will not do all those things
for which numbers of people now deslra legis
lation. . If ... our people can .' accept cheerfully
the burdens < imposed In • the duties of ¦ private
life," ' there Is no . inherent reason -why they
should fall to, accept the ; trusts of public life.
' Kxactly what. rules of conduct public opinion
would prescribe, ? or what . specific obligations
the public • conscience .. when once .aroused,
would regard as binding in matters like those,
it > is : too early .to say. .: It , is : enough for the
moment to call attention to the necessity and
the" possibility, of ... such a development. The
power of publlc!oplnlon. "In its true sense, lies
for the., time, unwd; but it Is: an Instrument
fitted ; to :.. meet . ¦ the - needs . of society— strong
whore" strength is needed, slow where conser
vatism la required, capable of . Infinite expan
sion without threatening the foundations of
self-government. ¦
True Qualities of a Gentleman.
The question is often asked what constitutes
the essential i mark of a gentleman.' as, distinct
from the i accidents of \ birth ¦ and . of clothes, of
manners'.' and T of ; speech. " I • believe it Is to . be
found ': in ; the . readiness ;. to accept : trusts, : even
when . they, are i personally ¦' disadvantageous—
the t readiness ' to subordinate '' a. ¦ man'* own
convenlcncn " and desires to a social .code.- In
this: sense I believe that the great body_of.the
American jjepple are gentlemen,' and are there
fore capable "of self-government. It is for the
young men who are just growing up to carry
Into i th« larger worlds . of business and legis
lation' the- spirit ¦ which will' subordinate per-
Bonall convenience to collective 1 honor." In this
development ' of ¦ the : principle ; of political • trus
teeship : lies the hope ¦ of ¦ the- republic for Its
future, i] '*' •
• .The~ Rev. Dr. Clampett then pronounced
the benediction and the exercises were
brought to an end.
: ¦ . ¦ ••¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦: -....>..-... .S ¦¦
the -students and for the Iteeents and the uni
versity, we deeply thank you. Mrs. Hallidle.
for this beautiful ' and generous gift. If we
cannot have Andrew. S. Hallldle with us In
person, he is with us .In spirit for all time.
Ovation Given President Hadley.
President Wheeler in a few Words then
Introduced President Hadley of Yale Uni
versity. * When the distinguished professor
from the East advanced to the front of
the ' platform '- the • college ; cry was : given,
over and "over again,"; by the students, to
the amusement of the orator of the day. .
President Hadley took S for ' his • subject
.'Government by ¦ Public : Opinion," and he
was listened "to witnt attention. .': An ap
parent nervousness that marked the open
ing of the address gave way after a few
minutes and % then ; President Hadley held
his : vast audience spellbound for more
than an hour. Professor Hadley said in
part: -
There are two theories of democratic govern
ment—the individualistic, which relies on ' the
self-interest of the various ¦ citizens ' acting I In
dependently. ¦ and •' the socialist ic. . which - relies
mainly on the votes of these citizens acting ai>
a body. Neither i has proved wholly - satisfac
tory. . ,. . . .-.. ,¦¦ .;.;.; ,.; : .r, ¦_', ; . r .y.\,- r
With regard to the individualistic theory,
this -Is now generally admitted.- Self-interest
has done a great deal 1 for us, but it ¦ will ' not
do everything. It is a ; powerful ; stimulant to
good, but neither in economics \ nor In morals
is it that panacea for rocial'ills which so many
persons | two generations ago ¦ thought It to be.
Free competition ¦ wm : far better than the ¦ old
systems of class legislation, which It superaeded.
But ¦ we cannot have ' free competition '; every
where; nor ; is it* certain ¦ . that ' In ' those cases
where we can . have it 1 It produces* so '¦ great a
degree of justice -as was once supposed. •
Public Interest Is Real Power.
Under, these circumstances the Socialists, and
many 'who'are 'not "Socialists, " demand that
these evils be controlled -;by ¦ the use of i the
machinery .of government. ¦=¦ But the power to
use this > machinery in ; the : public . interest is
in some respects more apparent than real:. ." A
democratic ; Government - Is ; subject ;. to special
dlf ficultles ¦ In exercising - this power. - It lacks
the compelling ', force - behind i lt^ which v Is relt
in a monarchy, or an aristocracy— for what " Is
everybody's business is not'Ody's business,' and
laws which were passed with enthusiasm often
go unenforced.-; It lacks continuity « of policy
and tenacity of purpose. This difficulty Is seen
when we, compare our own foreign policy, with
that ¦ of . a' country.; like " Ruusia. •/ It ¦ lacks self
restraint in the , use of the ¦ law-making I power. ¦
It devises its statutes .with the best of i Intent,
but they : often ' end > In notillng except evasion
and Inconvenience. . .-•• \ z • ¦¦- •*¦ • > •
0 verlegislation {Is an Evil.
:SeIf;ln.t«>rest- being; an : inadequate ; support for,
political' and, moral < order;^' and > overlefcislatlon
an evil worse than that which it undertakes to'
cure, ¦ w« must • go back - 16 the true : principle
of ; self-government— governtnent based ; on » pub-'
lie sentiment. This la a' phrase 1 is [ often
used, :,but- generally.' misunderstood. -; Whenever
a large number, of people want a. thing we hear.
It . said ; that \ there ' is , a- public sentiment in '¦ its
favor. . This • Is not necessarily, true. ;• Even ; the
fact >. that i a (majority mayi be i willing ' to^ 1 vote
for. a does . not prove i that : It has : this
basis. / ':,;•¦¦ r . - ' ¦.".'.¦ ' '"'¦ -¦;<".'
U Some/morallst» '.would, 'deny, the possibility
of t. the r etlstence : of * any .' public ? opinion ¦; inde
pendent ? of f selflshness. ; '< But they;- have f, the
facts of history against them: i The social i and
political ; Instinct \ In mankind | la | so strong that
people are led under its operation to do things
which ', are : against « their, own • personal '.conven
ience, • and : even against their own interest, Id
PERSONAL MENTION,
Judge W. B. Wallace of Vlsalla Is at
the Lick. .
Senator J. C. Sims of Santa. Rosa Is at
the Lick.
T. Rosenthal, a merchant of Tulare, Is
at the Grand.
' A. Ekman. a mining man of Oroville, Is
at the Occidental. .
George Sirckle, a mining man of Angels
Camp, is at the Lick.
1 Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap of Stock
ton is registered at the Lick.
• F. A. Klrbs, a lumberman of Minneap
olis, is a guest at the Occidental.
• Frank Dulurdln. a mining' man of Grass
Valley, is registered at the Grand.
• George Mainhart, a • mining man of
Grass Valley, is a guest at 1 the Grand. •
Joseph Ragsdale, a mining man of Chap
el Hill, Mo., Is a guest at the Grand.
United States Senator George L. Shoup
of Idaho. and his wife are guests at the
Occidental.
F. Rockefeller, accompanied by his wife,"
Is at the Occidental. They are residents
of Cleveland. Ohloi
John M. Callahan. general ' passeng-er
agent of the Nickel Plate 'Railroad,, with
headquarters at Chicago, Is at the Occi
dental.
Ecker. The Fire Pension Fund Commis
sioners Informed the board that $20 (XW
will be required for the relief of disabled
firemen for 1901-2.
Clay In repair, and from merchants and
property owners for the abatement of a
nuisance caused by the dangerous condi
tion of • Jessie street between First and
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CELEBRATES CHARTER DAY
Continued From Page Twenty-Thre«.
the san francisco; call, stjnday, march 24, 1901;
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Glove and Parasol
BARGAINS,
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND
WEDNESDAY. >^
2000 pairs LADIES* TWO-CLASP
REAL KID GLOVES, in Black.
White, Brown and Red. For fit. style
and durability these Roods are "J ft A
the greatest bargain ever of- I IIP
fered. Sale price ..' I VU
PARASOLS.
The traveling salesman for a leading
New York Parasol-maker placed his en-
tire sample line with us to be disposed
of. To insure a speedy sale we have
marked everything from 50 per cent to 75
per cent BELOW MANUFAC-
TURERS' COST. As this will be the
parasol bargain sale of the season we ad-
vise you to come t2rly and look them
over. All styles and prices in black,
white and colors.-; /
7VLQSS'
1210 Market St.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
GOLDEN GATE
GLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
ELEGANT TAILOR SUITS AT REDUCED PRICES
We have decided to place on sale regular
$25.00 Suits at $ J 5.00.
, . They are made of-sood quality cheviot, newest blouse effect, 7-srore
flare skirt; entire suit "lined throughout with good quality taffeta silk.
Special Easter Offer $15.00. Red & rom
/ Black and^Navy ; Noveltv Blouse Suits, made 'of excellent aualitv
/ cheviot, blouse and skirt beautifully trimmed in the very latest style, up
' to date in every respect.
Special Easter Offer r $lJ5.00. * ed $l%o* om
Tan and brown Eton and Blouse. Suits, with velvet collar and cuff?,
..blouse TAFFETA SILK' lined, skirt neatly trimmed and made in the
very latest fashion.
Special Easter Offer v$7.50. Bed g?! d O o from
NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, Latest Creations - $20.00 to $75.00
:. SILKCOSTUMES.ifancv trimmed Taffeta Skirt and very newest
Taffeta Silk Eton^ Jacket, strictly tailor-made:.. V....918.5O to 975. OO
NbyELTY- BOX' fOATS.; made of tan broadcloth, stylish velvet
cuffs, lined throughout with English serge. Real value $1000 Extra
special . . . . :.'. . .:'.:: . .V . . :_.-; ; .....:.... $5^.00
Justreceived NEWEST vVVAISTS, made 'of wool and silk striped
French challie and louisine at. *'..'. .;-:~$J5.OO, and ?5.OO
J230-J232- 1234 MARKET STREET
Hale's. ;;. \\ ¦ . ¦;• - :._ ' . Hal«*s.;_ |. ; Halo's., | Hale'a. | Hal8 > »»
Easter Readiness mAMl
' - At Haie's— Here is one vast; auditorium of style. g j, / Mm m
?S\ AlBP^ ' f ' : The, new store lends itself grandly .to' this Easter occasion. " iij ll^/^te^'lf
' k.'\g\^S^" We're proud -we've gathered so well. Everything can he shown so splendidly and, appreci- §lj |v^ W? /fi
jU]V\<S^ ated s ? V? lllv ; No woman with Easter shopping on hand can afford to' miss this sight. Far better 88 . .fi \\ fi
V^^s^Y than what yoii-may see or enjoy are the advantages the stocks abound in for buying. This ad- i? II \\\ [ft,
l\\ vertisement hints of a fe\y. *'.,." ". II \\'-
Jq^^^^. Dress^ goods; silks and trimmings come first. y * v*W
i^B^&i.-4^^^^^^\§ ; i East f r »s fashion's! birthday. Every woman likes to celebrate. For her frock she wants all thevfiints and helos / J • I \\ V\
>^5WWSCj^^^^^^n$ < sll e «n pet, and where can she find stocks so full of them as here?.\Everybody about here knows of the bi*jzer varieties ( %? > \H
**hWl WkSSv^^nv^v W X weshow and of the\lower prices we charge. 1 • \ '¦¦ \\\
H'ifml P\M^ X V/ c) The Dress Goods. The Silks, New Trimmings. V^-J^ 4\ Jy
S^ >r-> * ' tf-r^y¥j& % SILK GRKNADINES-The real French stuffs FOULARDS. Jl.ZS-Satln' finish stuffs In a Persian bands and talloons MUe'to r» as » 0 ~^\->' c^-^
sJj?**t l n ? creat variety of Btrlkln* and effective large variety of beautiful, artistic designs. y?rd calloons. u\ic to I2.JS a
<&U* as 8 [he 8 corf e ft U th1 n r.n reC0S1 j!, Z^ d nPW shades : ot Panualier J old rose. White silk gimp % to 1 inch wide. «^c to 35c \
Z£r«S!3& *~ 20 ' . -^. bell, and b Tovn. with aYright satin Perslan a
p flCrf >n fnpHc BLACK FRENCH VOILES, *2.73-It is a beau. "tripe relieved by a pretty Dresden figure nia"k .Ilk c^on "ro^lq^STifcto f'R?'
UOOIWI VOl UOi tlful. new, soft. cllncinB: stuff In small ex- effect-seven different colorings from which "White netting. upan&Ied in gold. J1.50 to J3. Faefpi* fflfi/fipe NatpHiAC
Pretty bits of Eentiment which oarrj' the a"'«'te designs— « Inches. to select-the latest thing for waists and Black and pld. and white and gold spangled - tflSlCf VUUU1C3 HUTCU1W.
V 3 f-<C. and 5c very dressy-44 Inches. 5 g stripes are rich, heavy ones, in different White and gold applique. 85c to $3.50 a yard. Panorama eggs. 5c. 10c. 15c. 20c. Sc and 80c
Folding drop cards. 10c. 15c. 20c and 25c. BLACK SILK AND worn xovFTTir<! w nn widths. They are the style you have been Black and gold gimps, S l-3c to 63c a yard. Rabbits 10c 15c and 23c
Fa^er n b^We S ti n f™m eS 5c -I^crfnkled^^fnTfl^u^^ided^ looking for, . but' which have been so hard *tf ** B f Iv S^ n «,^ n) ., t!M 1 - oflrt"- tn ' wtck« ba7ket,-lar« six. »C.
Easter booklets from 5c to 2oc new and appropr , ate for faster. gowns-« to find. . Just received by expre S s from our g°{^ cloth and K o^nittln e VL? 0 $ i2 I l^ DoU heads to e»«"»»»P«> *«»«. »•««.
inches. . .. ,-_-;, New York buyer in time for Easter. ' Black renaissance appliquef'oOc' to J1.75 a yardl \, . .i._i
Easter millinery $6.00 and $10.00.
We haven't stopped at anything to make 'this the finest and broadest dis-
play about here. All that work and study and trawl will do has been accom-
plished. Our millinery head -was weeks and weeks visitine fashion's
workshops, picking up ideas and gathering the stocks. , Not a clever, point es-
caped her, notan original style was overlooked, and she got many times as
much as the ordinary buyer. That accounts for.
Such a variety as you find nowhere else.
And variety is what particular women want. We hope you will see these Eas-
ter creations. Two for illustration: ¦ • ' "> -;
AT fll.nO- The mushroom hat. It is formed AT flS.OO— A creation in black and gold—
of tiny ruffles of maize colored mallne. edged chiffon tucks and black lace braid form the
with black horse hair and tuscan braid. A u Pper brim. The facing consists of black
facing of white flowers. Two black velvet [™ le f " finished three gold rose-
bows fastened with gold clasps finish the •,.£»£& Tu^^rbJrTch STSEg
bandeau. ;v roses form the trimming.
In ready =to=wear hats
We are showing now a splendid variety of chic, nobby styles. ThJ«
imitation of the Hawaiian hat. bound with silk and trimmed with silk and gold
scarf, for $1.25 is a splendid illustration of the money's worth we can 'give you.
Two or three others:
WALKING HAT, ?1J5O— The very newest blocks, trimmed with silk scarf and buckle.
ROUGH STRAW SAII-ORS. ?1.75-Pet off with polka dot bands.
CHILDREN'S SOMBREROS, 35c, C5e, 75c up to *2.OO-In,aU the latest styles and trim-
mlngs.
\ In foliage and roses
\Ve are showing: an ample variety. The foliage prices start at 10c and' go to
Jl per bunch. Rose3 in any color as low as 20c and as high as $1 50 -a bunch
We will be pleased to pose any flowers purchased of us on your hat free of
charge. . . ' , , -• ¦ ¦
We «ell 6.ood coffee, 23c Ib. Come with us to the downstairs s f ore and have a
cup. We want to prove to you It is gojd-delicious. Hawaiian coffee- that's why
/ . ; , — . . ¦¦ ,
Here's a lucky chance in
Neckwear l°; ter .
816 pieces (every one bright, new-
styles) have been snapped up by our
wide-awake buyer. •
Below half their real value.
.SamnSes? Yes find No.
They are made up as experiments on
Imported pieces. Perhaps a. manufac-
turer has made up a dozen br so of a
style but suddenly discards them for
somethlnfr that might please him a lit-
tle better; Twice a year he closes out
[these 'dimples." The buyer who gets
them la fortunate— and so are you.
Three lots, thus:
4Sc— Pleated chiffon ' and liberty silk
Jabots with fine narrow Bilk rurhing
edge, lace -and silk chenille cord; some
have chenille rosettes and cord with 2-
splked ends, others flnlshed with Kold
braid— colors cream, white, corn, yellow,
blue, pink, . lavender, violet, 'black, white ,
and black and black and white— also a '
lot of jllk and satin stocks trimmed with
I lace, point lace braid and gold braid.
GJ>c— Chiffon Jabots, trimmed with silk
and gauze ribbon, pleated chiffon, fin- a
lshed .with point lace ¦ braid, narrow *
niching and gold braid, fancy bows and
ends of taffeta silk with gold spikes and
buttons, etocks and bows of chiffon and
Bilk finished with -ribbon, ruchlns and
braid, white, cream, - pink, lavender,
black, black and gold - and white and *i
• maize.- •
OSo— Fine cascades of white and cream
chiffon and liberty, finished with ribbon,
niching and chenille, white-satin stocks *
with turn-over collars of turquoise and
violet velvet and long ends finished with
icold braid— fancy Jabots- of pleated lib-
erty »llk. with ruching, ribbon and cfie-
nllle rosettes of gold braid , In colors.
8Sc each. y
Tailored suits for Easter.
Smart, snappy styles— the very cream of this season's productions. ~ r ™~
We wouldn't have it otherwise.
If the tremendous quantities ourcloak man buys for these six California
stores don't entitle him to first choice, he goes where makers are glad to
concede that. What's more.
Ev- ry suit here is made to our special order— with a style dis-
! tinctive'y our own.
You may feel certain that one of our suits will never pet common. No
woman cares to go on the street with a dress she is apt to meet at every cor-
ner. We. give our public exclusive style. Many of the medium and lesser
priced ones, would puzzle vour friends. They'd surely think you had a made-
to-order outfit.
A snappy, stylish suit $14.75.
Of homespun, grays and black, with a low bust, long front eton jacket,
straps of taffeta to match, as shown in illustration above— skirt also has straps
of taffeta — L Aiglon collar.
?1 T,7 J ?~ Ho T e ' p S n< T ltii . a t ?.°t n< i e sk i rt aro 2. nd 943.0O-lmported broadcloth, bolero Jacket
which are two bands of stitched taffeta. The and skirt elaborately trimmed with white and
Jacket is an eton style trimmed with stitched black braid. A silk drop undenkirt aad
taffeta— reveres faced with peau de sole— 1/Alglon collar ••"» •«*>*
¦m-'SJr"™/??!. * taffeta - , «05.00-Flne vrombo Venetian, short Jacket
F^..,«>-Broadcloth with a collarless eton with a front of whlta «aOn lace andrfit
Jacket, vest effect, sst off with straps of taf- braid, plenty of white satin applique work.
feta and 24 braw buttons on front, new bell a silk drop underskirt and a postillion back!
gttaaiftsiattr •ars-aa- ssa-thss ?,s
tti<> "nn 1- fi" ww . ', faced. The Jacket Is & stylish bolero, trtm-
?^G.(MV-Venetian with an eton Jacket, vest ef- med with silt; front Is of white chSSn
fect-12 gilt, buttons In the front— L.'Ali?lon tucked, set off with black satin strip runnini
collar— reveres and collar faced with peau de lengthwise In the center
S 4?' <^J* 1 " fl°"nced-reds and blacks *75.OO-U B ht Venetian cloth, waist and skirt
P33.TS— Fine broadcloth with a double breast- trimmed with white taffeta. appUoue^a
ed eton Jacket, reveres and cuffs faced with pretty vest front adds much to its beauty
peau de sole, lined throughout with guaran- and attractiveness. The sleeve is double,
teed taffeta. The whole affair Is lined with taffeta ullk.
- iTypes are faulty when it comes to describing such works of art and fashion.
You must see them if you would rightly appreciate. their beauty.
For out-of-town folks our spring catalogue will be very in- Vn V \-w •/-».« n<««« 1 +U
arfSfc. Y.Tyar: fl ?' n;w * tyles fu " y and clabo " ately ' Wm. Rogers' Silverware. Robber garden hose. rlfSia^iue.
I Al ¦ ? I J^U^- I I—A • are the equine articles, too, though the prices don't indicate oJVL* r^J^I qua S7~T ad e nn f ip VI ?^ co i5S? duc £S z A*
Ladies' Lighter Underwear £ w e &^t^\4 » && of •$*$£& i^ y as we have of others. 25 ol^f^ 'aU^'L ! 9 IZL ~***i
LADIES' VESTS. LADIES' UNION SUITS: so to even up the stocks Couplings are attached iree of charge.
50c— Ladles' rlchelieu ribbed, $1.75— Silk-plated iersev-ribbed \\r i_ tjj ¦• » * i T¥T * £
S iikpi a ted vesu-low neck., no \ummer union suiKne "uaN We hava marked down these knives and forks. lambOUr SCariS «"<» 5QUare^
sleeves — colors pink and blue. Hy, beautifully finished high _ * ** **a fc# VT fc« ¦ 4JVU1 * «_7 UUUUI VJt
'^alei^m^Tel^x^k SfeS&SKi VS^^k,^ h(^l^ X. Z^^^h^V^ Y ° U kn<>W arC h^ art *****& «»? goods .section on the sec-
quality; come high neck, long or / have the same quality suit with best. It s the prices vou want. Here they are: ond floor is an interesting corner. Bits of Kenius and
short sleeves, also low neck and low neck and no eleeves for TABLE KNIVES, set of 6, now....Ml.Rft DESSERT KNIVES, set of 6, now.. 81. 55 heautv arp here a-nlentv Almnst rvfrv rfiv hn'ntra <nm»
no *ieeres. white, blue and flesh. $i.so. ¦ or table forks, set of 6, now ifci.5t> dessert it)nKS. s«t of 6. now...|i.55 oeauiy are nere a-picniy. nimos; e\CTy oay pnncs some
2Oc-Giri8- fine Swiss-ribbed »»».=«, i-.r^-r^ . - - " newnovelty. Take, for example, these sofa pillows. The
summer vest*— light weight, LADIES' TIGHTS. — - desiens are the c'everest and catchiest w*> haw vrt *^n
lon^ or short eleeves— ecru or 75c— Fast black silk-Dlated lisle - - '.. . _^ i _ * i v mi c.evcrcst ana caicniest we na\e yet seen,
white. Pants u. match-knee tiKhts-ankie or k^nw lenVth- fiS&T /H&7 \ ou 11 want one the minute you see them. 50c each,
>nKth-au sizes. 2 to 12 years- Elzes 4. o anu 6. fffiSiV fJs&f /Jsr/ But about these scarfs and squares:
iSS-^SdK^rte^elSS '— ; a bSSrtS3L'n "hfrt r « a Lnd r^w PlaIn \^^^^^^S^ <!^^SS. /M/ £5} 25c EACH.-Spachtel lSx;4 inch, in pretty opea work -Jesisns: pUlow
vpstK Firvntlan rotton tailed [>ait>rlR>.an slilrts and tlrawere — T^^3fflBSS m£fr/ ><aBi5v jXr shams to match.
neck and a?ms-rc™ flnished size's U^U^w "a"* /2&l7VBsi/ /ZmfZteW/ fML/\ /^^' *SBS®i% 3I>C EAC^.- Scarf " 0 and s i ua " s boucht to «» »«• E5c-th» !7S that
r^ck 1S l'onc - 12 l-a^L^dies'^lee'veless sum- /Mff /^f'^-"^^ S **---^^Q^g3&' sqnarw^lnches each way. '
b»a.utifully finlfOM -nith silk m 'T VP "tH, lace trimmed neck //££&/ ' I . I " 7Bc— PIECES THAT HAVE SOLiD REGULARLY AT $1 TO Jl «5—
fhell edge on front— pearl but- "^ ar m R . white ami ocru. . SJiSfff __*f^^ ffiB^hjF^m^ jft a _#» gn. *Z\ 200 of them— scarfs, splashers, shams, etc.: & fine assortment. "But
tons-covered mm!". Pants to loo-Ladlr-s' sleeveless summer p*"*"" 1 " **fjg5jb)*** ar Wv&a2 WS&MGMjSfr^^^ maybe
match -knoe lenjrth - French vests, li'lo silk tnped nork an-1 "^^filBKlilriTr ¦¦ M*X*10**~Z0^ ThlvS SaXOny yam at 8c DCP hank
band and draw fitrlns at waist . arms, whltf. pink and blue. . ' ¦¦¦MMB3BaMHBSBDn0(^"^ \\r-\\ • . . .- T . • ., , ..
-sum 4. 5. »-kc per garment 2.1c— American silk vests. Riche- __ . v '¦' -. „ ¦„.'* vY ill interest man v ot you. It is the very best quality and
or 50c per suit. lieu ribbed, pink or blue. Market Street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate Avenue. comes in all desirable shades
I Friedman's Furniture
¦J Are made to . look so near like I,' Sf ¦ ' is * i *^^^^^^^^f^ P
I elegant sideboards, chiffoniers or |' W\ ' %
I bookcases that you would never \ 1 E 1 , (t§& ' :
1 suspect they were beds. Just t£ Hfij gj
* " the improvement wanted in so jsffij^W-ysariq'g HjSr*^ - , '";
I Richly carved quartcrd oak and U^^M^W^^^^^^^^^'- !
\ mahogany, fine plate mirrors and ?
j drawers for toilet conveniences; flf^f-i'lsl !^|®'!!' i ''i i *!|S |l ff ; ''
P A substantial Folding bed that m^'^li^^^M^^
h is easy to handle; full size with ifJtW "&%V ¦
j - a good and durable woven wire BBfflS^IWWwSp/Sl
I thThSwh™?* 9 '? 5 '- Just PS^^wvlml j
k or the bed must be moved about.
h India Window Seat
I] § (L \ \ Ahappy Idea, tMs India Window seat,
ft A ouK One of these Orientali adaptations for
fi «> #A Q O helps in cosy, home-making you will
y X x Q^/Q find in such abundance and- variety in
f] •- il^MPy^ft our store— among, th» Draperies, Rugs •
tl ff^^O ' '•' % and Carpets as, well as^Furniture.-...
p Q -» H This one of Oak with figured Tapes-
fj g w try or velour top for $1.25.
tj The Princess
ri Of all the. many stoves we've J|t|-^
I] placed in California homes none . f^^^J jj^^k •
l| have given more satisfaction, for . " <^=>
j j a low priced stove than the Prin- W&&^v$&m
|| cess. It is a fuel saver and a rafr [^ *^^j^|
\i temper saver; draught and heat *\.__Jg >mg. '^gS^af
l| are under perfect control. Set up ftS*p(
B in your kitchen ready for -many \i^^^^^l$^^^3L
y Good Stoves as low as $9.90. V^^**^^^^^^
? So Cosy and Xomfortable
If Id the Drapery Department now. Comfortable chairs, soft cushions and
U cosy corners make you feel at ease while enjoying, the beauties of dainty
H lace in curtains and rich new colors and patterns of the latest Oriental por-
rj tieres. Our pleasure in showing. Your pleasure In looking or buying
1 S?SS M. f RIEDMAN & CO.
.XH^ (Incorporated) . ; . * ¦ •