PRICE F1YE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 130.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL % 9, 1901.
Prince Tuan Is Also Implicated in the Outbreak in
Shensi and Mongolia, and the Imperial
Court Is Alarmed.
REVOLT'S STANDARD RAISED
IN CHINESE PROVINCES BY
NOTORIOUS TUNG FUH SIAN
Accident to One of the Wheels the Cause of the Dis=
aster to the Train Running Down the Grade
Near Wells, Nev.
FIREMAN DIES IN FLAMES
BENEATH THE WRECKAGE OF
BROKEN CARS AND ENGINES
. The wrecked train, a double-header, had
just* left the station of Moors, and was
descending the hill* at a speed of fifty
miles an hour, when it jumped the track,
the accident being caused by a. broken
wheel on the front trucks of the first en-
which was wrecked at Moore's
Hill, near Wells, Nevada, last night, was
entirely consumed by the fearful holo
caust that followed. Both mail cars were
piled up on the two engines and com
pletely turned, leaving only the black
skeletons of the engines under which
Higman is supposed to have been pinned.
* The wreckage has been partially cleared
away and not a trace, of the dead man
can be found. The scene of the wreck
has been encircled by a side track, and
trains 6, 2 and 4 reached. Ogden to-night,
bringing the injured engineers, ;W. S.
Warren of Ogden and James McBride of
Wells. They are badly burned and scald
ed, but not fatally Injured. The body of
Fireman/ C. E. Loeder was left at Wells.
None of the passengers were injured.
QGDEN. "Utah, April 8.— It is now
appanent that the body of Dan
iel Higman, fireman of the west
bound passenger train, No." 1,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GENERAL TUNG FU.H SIAN, THE NOTORIOUS CHINESE GENERAL AND
. HATER OF ALL FOREIGNERS, WHO HEADS A SERIOUS REVOLU
TION IN THE PROVINCES OF SHENSI AND MONGOLIA.
The combination will be known as ,the
Mississippi , Glass Company, . for '. which
corporation papers were filed 'at Trenton
a few" days .'ago: : - x The companies ' ab
sorbed.are the'Besto^Glass Company, the
Wire Glass .Company of -Pennsylvania,
• NEW YORK. April 8.— It. was an
nounced to-day that a syndicate has been
formed* to cdntrol i the five leading, wire
glass companies In the United States,
The; combined capital of the companies
represents $1,500,000,000. : . r
LONDON, April 9.— The Turkish Free
Masons have sent to King Edward . a
curious appeal on behalf of the unfor
tunate Mourad, elder brother ', of -Abdul
Harold, who reigned as Sultan under the
name of Amurath V for three months and
was then deposed on the- ground of In
sanity. The appeal refers to him as "one
who for the last quarter of a century has
been imprisoned on the pretext of a men
tal ¦ malady," and begs , King . Edward to
use his influence to secure the ' freedom
of a brother Mason. .
MASONS IN TURKEY
APPEAL TO THE KING
the American Wire Glass Company and
the Appert Glass Company of Port Al
legheny, Pa. ;. The main offices of the
company.. will be In this city. E. W. Hum
phreys of .the .old; Mississippi ' Company
of St. Louis will be the president and
William Dulles of the Appert .Company
the vice president and treasurer.
The company, controls patent rights In
this country and Europe. The stock will
notbe put on.; the market," but will be
hehl bjy the 'constituent companies-
Wire glass has recently become impor
tant as a 'fire retardent. and Js used by
builders .and contractors to protect ex
posed portions of high buildings. It la
comparatively a new Industry In this
country, though it has been Ions estab
lished-in France, and it Is said to be In
great demand, by engineering experts
throughout Europe and America. It Is
also used in tho manufacture of various
kinds of articles manufactured of class
of a higher quality.
NEW YORK, April 8.— Through the firm
of J.' Pi . Morgan & Co. and with the
Xiowerful Influence of thai organization
behind it, an underwriting syndicate was
formed to-day for a vast combination of
dry goods and department store Interests,
which,. it Is believed, is destined to domi
nate both, the wholesale t _ and reta'.I
branches of that trade in many of the.
principal cities of the country. -
Should the expectations of -the promot
ers of this syndicate be realized the pros
..- '¦•*¦•¦?. ¦.'¦•'¦ ,¦': •-:••:-:<,: -.'?.-¦.. ..¦¦-.
WIRE GLASS COMPANIES COMBINE
WITH BILLION AND HALF CAPITAL
While it is not possible, as yet, to state
what will be the figures of the syndicate
capitalization, or at what price its com
mon stock will be issued to its promoters.
It may be safely said that the capitallza- •
tion will be very large and that nothing
but the preferred stock will be for sale.
gan, the schema has behind It the potent
name and the large resources of John
Claflln, the leading spirit and principal
stockholder in the H. B. Claflln corpora
tion, the largest dry-goods Jobbers in the
world.
pective combination, • within its own
sphere, Is likely to become as powerful a
factor in commerce as Is the glgant'c
steel and iron syndicate recently organ
ized . through . the same financial house
under the name of the United States Steel
Corporation. If.
J. . Pierpont Morgan sailed for England
a few days ago on the Teutonic. It is
understood, however, that the plans for
the new syndicate were so far matured
as to assure the success of the enterprise.
In addition to the backing: of Mr. Mor-
Before Sailing for England J. Pierpont florgan Arranges the Details *
of a Second Gigantic Syndicate.
/• The natives occupied twenty-five cr.rs."
running in two sections. Doctors Fulton
anoTJennings, accompanying them, " have
their ; hands' full, for.'the; emigrants are
all '. more or less .These 'ernl •
grants will not be ta'ti-n to San Francisco,
but wlll> be put -aboard a ship "at Santa
Monica, Cal. , ':
EL PASO, Texas, April 8.— Dysenteryi3
said to;have"caiised seven deaths east of
here amqnff - S65 , Porto Rlcan emigrants^
bound for Hawaii, who passed thtough
this city to-day, and^at this "point' ' tho
bodlesof two childrenNvho had died were
taken charge of .by an undertaker. •.. .-:; • .-,(
PORTO RICANS DIEy^ggjj
ON THE WAY TO HAWAII
Suspected of Being Revo
lutionists. . . ; .
LAREDO, Texas, April 8.— Reliable re
ports of a serious riot yesterday at
Lampasas, a station on the Mexican Cen
tral^Railway, seventy miles distant, . have
reached here. It^ appears that the gpv
ernment of Mexico has suspicion about
a reported revolutionary occurrence at
that place and yesterday morning .' the
military stationed there arrested four
citizens. When they were taken to the
station, en route to Monterey, ' a mob
headed by Francisco Maranjo, son of, the
famous General Maranjo, appeared at the
station. In j the excitement that followed
one of the prisoners escaped. When the
train left the leaders of the mob repaired
to General Maranjo's castle, where, they
are at present : surrounded. As soon as
the government heard of the disturbance
500 soldiers from Monterey were dis
patched to the scene by special train.
Trouble Caused by the Arrest of Men
MOB IS SURROUNDED
'BY MEXICAN TROOPS
Had Russia not withdrawn the conven
tion the officials admit that Japan would
probably have gone to war. The Navy
Department has received information
frem Japan showing that the Government
had taken extraordinary measures to be
prepared for hostilities, having its navy
in such shape that ships could have been
placed in commission on short notice. The
financial condition of Japan, according to
mail advices, is not satisfactory, and | in
some circles there is a disposition to cred
it the excitement over, the Manchurian
question to a desire of Government of
ficials to distract attention from the state
of the country's finances.
Count Cassini, the Russian Embassador,
through his secretary, communicated to
Secretary Hay to-day his disbelief in the
report that the Russian Minister in Pe
king had refused to receive official com
munications from the Chinese Commis
sioners. M. Rogestvensky said to Secre
tary Hay that It was quite 'possible that
M. de Giers, the Russian Minister, had de-
'Official information received here Indi
cates that the Japanese Government, is
satisfied with Russia's abandonment of
separate negotiations with China, and it
is believed that the Japanese Minister will
receive instructions in the sense of those
sent to Special Commissioner Rockhill, di-'
recting him to act with the Russian and
Japanese Ministers to facilitate negotia
tions for the settlement of the remaining
Chinese questions. -
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 8.— Russia's
withdrawal of the Manchurlan convention
is believed to have obviated war between
Russia and Japan.
Hostile Attitude.
Russia's Diplomacy Checks Japan's
WITHDRAWAL OBVIATES WAR.
"It -is probable that the chief role will
fall to the United States, especially when
the -Nicaragua canal! has been cut. China
will then, for economic purposes, become
an American colony. The Americans
know this, and- their whole attitude dur
ing recent events has been marked by
finesse and foresight."
SHANGHAI. April S.— Tu Yin Lin. Gov
ernor of Hupci province, has been ap
pointed Governor of Kwangsi province in
succession to Huang Susi Sen, who has
been ordered to resign. This is interpreted
to indicate that the reactionists of Sianfu
intended to introduce the Boxer move
ment in the southern provinces.
the Neues Wiener Tageblatt discussing
which civilized nation is likely to exploit
China, says: . •
"The Emperor has summoned the presi-"
dent of the board of revenue from Peking
to prepare for the removal of the court.
Probably this only means a removal to
Klafoufu, in the province of Honan, which
would bring the court Into closer contact
with the Yangtse Viceroys."
"There is little doubt that Russia will
renew the struggle in some shape. It is
a remarkable outburst of popular feeling
which has thus enabled China to with
stand Russia. AH the appeals against
the- convention concerning Manchuria
were addressed to the Emperor. ' It Is
therefore difficult to believe that the
Empress Dowager has not been affected
by the defeat of the policy of which her
henchman, LI Hung Chang, Is the
sturdiest exponent.
¦ "This blow is all the more severe," he
says, "because Japan, whom the Russians
have affected to treat with the utmost
contempt, . has had the largest share In
dealing it.
Hussia Expected to Rally From the
Severe Blow Dealt. Her.
LONDON. April 8.— In a dispatch to the
Times from Peking, dated Sunday, Dr.
Morrison comments upon the blow to Rus
sian prestige in China resulting from the
check to Russia's ambitions regarding
Manchuria.
The report that Russia has severed re
lations with- China," however, Secretary
Hay understands the Russian Embassa
dor believes to be utterly without founda
tion. The friends of Russia in this coun
try see in the report, and others emanat
ing from London, an effort to discredit
the latest declaration of Russia, which
created a favorable impression in official
circles in the United States and abroad.
WILL RENEW THE STRUGGLE.
clined to receive communications relative
to Manchuria, and it was also within the
range of possibility that M. de Giers was
ill on the day the Chinese Commissioners
called and had refused to see them. *
VAST CO MBI NATION OF DRY GOODS
AND DEPARTMENT STORE INTERESTS
passenger train on the Southern PaciHa
Coast line that left San Francisco th'3
afternoon was wrecked a short distanc
north of the Salinas station at 11:20
o'clock to-night. The engine, tender, and
the baggage and mail cars left the track.
A number of passengers were injured,
several seriously.
The cause of the disaster Is not known.
Tne' train had just started to slow up on
approaching the station when the englno
and forward cards were suddenly derailed.
The track was torn up for a distance of
fifty yards. The engine and cars almost
tipped over on their sides, and it will re
quire some time to clear, the track. Tha
wrecking train has just arrived from tho
south. The wrecked train is badly dam
aged. « The Injured passengers are beinsr
cared for in this city.
glne. which was a helper engine from
Wells. The two engines turned over on
their left sides, thus imprisoning the two
firemen under the debris.
The force of the shock sent the two
mail cars forward on top of the engines,
breaking away, from the rest of the train,
which was .". shunted back . some distance
by the recoil. The mail cars immediate
ly caught fire and were consumed with
their contents. The mail clerks escaped
with slight injuries. The flames could
be distinctly seen from Wells, some miles
distant. . ' ¦ '¦' ' •
. Among those on board the train were
the Hon. Thomas Fitch, recently candi
date for United States Senator from
Utah, who with his wife is en route to
Honolulu..
Charles Loeder, the dead fireman of the
DISASTER ON COAST LINE.
"Wreck" Near Salinas.
Several '*¦ Passengers Injured in a
SALINAS, April 8.— The south-bouni
The Dostal clerks on the wrecked train
were M. J. Maloriey of 1708 Eddy street,
San Francisco; and John J. Burke, who
lives at San Mateo, Cal.
Higman, the regular fireman, lived here
and was an old employe of the road. He
was about' 32 years of age and leaves
a wife and two small children, who re
side at 2231 Washington avenue, this city.
He was a .brother-in-law of Engineer
Rowse, who was killed . in a wreck at
Gartney Hill some. months ago.
helper engine, was, a Reno man, but re
cently lived at Wells.
EXPLOITATION OF CHINA.
It Is Predicted That America Will
Play the Chief Bole.
HENNA, April 9.— The French econo
mist Paul Lcroy Beaulieu, la an article In
It is believed that the Mongolian re
bellion was brought about through agents
<f Prince Tuan and General Tung Ful»
S'an. Li Hursg Chang thinks there are
jibout 5000 regular troops in Mongolia, and
inolin»»s to the brlief that they have not
.inlnd in tke rebellion. He does not think
\hf Court is in any danger and thinks the
object of Prince Tuan <v.ho was last re
ported at Ning Hf=u with 10.000 men pre
pared to resist arrest) and General Tung
.Fuh Sian is to create a diversion of inter
est in order to force unconditional protec
tion of themselves.
Unofficial Chinamen of intelligence re
gard the rising as most unfortunate at
the present time to the interests of Chin*
r.nd as- possibly meaning the use of for
eign troops to protect even the Court it-
Eelf. .
The ministers of the powers do not
think that, provided .foreign interests do'
not suffer, any present interference Is
likely. If the dynasty should be over
thrown It would, to a certain extent, de
lay the peace negotiations, but they con-
rider a regime not bound by traditions
like those of the present Court probably
would be much easier to deal even
tually, as the ceremonial could be much
curtailed. ' *
Slakes Little of Revolt.
Prince Ching, who as a relative, may be
considered to express the Court view of
the situation, thinks the rebellion Is a
Ftorm in a teacup. He says the present
Court is loved and esteemed by nine
tenlhs of the population of China and that
the same proportion of able bodied men
In China would rise to protect the exist
ing dynasty. The Empress Dowager,' as
the adviser of the Emperor, holds a place
in the affections of the people not dreamt
of and not understood by foreigners. Her
slightest wish Is the Emperor"s law,
though he is by no means the figurehead
The foreign powers frequently suppose.
The Kmperor recognizes her ability, ln
valuabJe aid and advice.
The remaining bodies of Americans
were shipped homeward this morning.
They now number fifty-four and will
leave on board the transport Egbert to
morrow. The Egbert will also take
twenty-seven military prisoners, a ntim
bcr of tick men, the discharged, soldiers,
the teamsters and other civilian employes.
PEKING, April. E.— General Tung
Fuh Sian, the notorious enemy of
all foreigners in China and for
mer commander of the Northern
Imperial Army, has started a serious re
bellion in the provinces of ShensI and
Mongolia. Latest advices received here In
dicate that the Chinese Court Is seriously
alarmed by the outbreak.
General Tung was, according . to last
accounts, about 150 miles from the court
with 11,000 regular troops, all supposed to
l*» devoted to himself. The Court . has
nbout the same number of Foldicrs at
Hianfu. but It is probable that the troops
«>f Tuns Fuh Sian are better drilled and
better armed.
Tuan Has a Hand in It.
MAIL. CLERKS AVHO WERE SLIGHTLY INJURED ON THE TRAIN THAT MET WITH A TERRIBLE DISASTER
.WHILE DESCENDING A STEEP GRADE AT THE'RATE OF FIFTY MILES AN HOUR NEAR THE TOWN OF
\ -¦¦ WELLS, IN NEVADA. • *; . * - . J
WITHDRAWAL
OF MILITARY
FROM CUBA
Such Step Is Being
Considered byle
President,
Governor Wood's! Failure 'in
Diplomacy : to Be Fol
lowed by New Tactics.
It is believed that the departure of the
troops, will cause Cubans to feel that they
are not held in, check by artillery' and
rifles. The President has been told that
It would" have a good effect upon the en
tire political situation In Cuba and result
in satisfactory relations , being- estab
lished:' > • ¦ '¦-
Outside of politics no fault is found
with General. Wood's administration \;in
Cuba. He is believed to be a very good
executive officer. It is not thought that,
even if the army is withdrawn, any
change will be made with reference to
General Wood, but the proposition to get
the troops out of Cuba is being very
carefully considered. .
It Is felt here that General Wood has,
failed to grasp the signification of events.
He has not; been in touch with the con
stitutional convention at all. He reported
to the President and the War Department"
that the constitutional convenion would
surely accept the Platt amendment, and
the final rejection of the amendment on
Saturday came to the • President . as a
shock and overthrew General Wood as a
prophet.
Wood Not a Good Prophet.
General Wood has - since been appoint
ed brigadier general in the regular army
and it is admitted in many quarters that
while he has been an improvement over
General Brooke in a few respects, he has
fallen far short of General Brooke as a
diplomat. Tho administration, while "ex
pressing great • confidence in General
Wood, is beginning to realize that he has
lost the confidence of a very considerable
portion of the Cuban public and has failed
to realize the trend of public sentiment.
General Leonard "Wood, Governor of
Cuba, is likely to resist such a step.- The
President has been told for two years that
one of the greatest causes of friction be
tween Cubans and Americans has been
the military government, yet the army
has. been adverse to letting go and -the
army has had its way. ¦-'.--. .¦ *..
Cubans realized when' the : Americans
took control that they had merely
changed Spanish military rule for Amer
ican military rule without stopping, to
consider the great difference between the
methods of Spain' and the United States.
The President recognized this when . he
pent General Wood, a, .volunteer soldier
and a doctor in. civil life, to succeed Gen
frral John R. Brrtoke., 'who .\v3,s 7 <» s regular
army officer. It was hoped that General
Would serve with less of the mili
tary stiffness about his .regime and. would
make the Cubans feel that they were not
ruled exclusively by theregular army.
Army Has Had its Way.
While members of the Cabinet and well
known Senators like Proctor 'of Vermont
are declaring that the strong; arm of the
military must remain until -Cubans ac
cept the terms of the Platt amendment,
the President is seeking advice as to
whether it would not be well to withdraw
the 5000 American soldiers .now being
maintained at great expense on the "Isl
and. This matter is being considered', by
both the President and Secretary Root. •
. . ¦ _• •¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ \
Cuba will be withdrawn.
CALL BUREAU, 14C6 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 8.— There aro
indications of an almost complete re
versal of policy on the part of President
McKinley regarding the occupation of
Cuba by the United States pending
organization of a stable government. It
is not improbable that almost the entire
military force, of- the United States in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.To an address delivered by General Ma
zinger on behalf of the garrison. President
Lcubet assured the delegation that the
government was proud I of the ' army and
knew the giant . efforts it had made to be
ready for. eventualities. The .Fifteenth;
Army corps were especially worthy, of
the confidence shown in them, in charging
them with the safety of the post of honor,
a few steas from the> frontier. ; ,
After receiving the foreign consuls
President Loubet was entertained by tho
various officials at luncheon. The Presi
dent's visit to Nice is merely a prelude to
the. more Important fetes at: Toulon,
where President Loubet will arrive Wed
nesday afternoon on board a warship, be
ing . escorted from. Villefranche • by the
French squadron. His time here will be
taken up with • banquets, visits to gym
nastic competitions and flower shows and
other such functions. Ten such functions
were gone through concluding
with fireworks display and a gala per
formance at-thfi opera. .¦¦'••"-¦ ¦
Speaking at the municipal banquet this
evening, M. Loubet alluded to - the situ
ation of Nice on the frontier, remarking
that "her children recognize the duties
which this post of honor imposes upon
them." jW.-. .'> " »
The reference to Italy, is the subject of
some comment in view of the participa
tion of the Italian navy . in the celebra
tions at Toulon. . " ,
LOUBET . LAUGHS AT STORIES.
French President Does Not Believe
. His Life Is in Danger.
LONDON, April 8.— A dispatch to the
Evening News from Paris says that the
French detectives were privately Informed
' :: • : ' j.
Safety of the. Frontier.
ance toward the episcopate, as he be
lieved they ought to be a stanch aux
iliary to the government in effecting the
union of all French, and for the welfare
of the country. \ - ¦ . .
PRESIDENT EMILE LOUBET OF FRANCE, WHO WAS GIVEN A GREAT OVATION UPON ARRIVAL TESTER
DAY AT NICE ON THE WAY TO TOULON. HE DOES NOT CREDIT THE STORIES OF A PLOT TO ASSAS
SINATE HIM DURING HIS TOUR. •
The decisions of the Interstate Com
merce Commission, the Circuit Court and
the Circuit Court of Appeals were all an
tagonistic to the railroad company, though
on different grounds. The opinion handed
down, to-day, reversed all -these decisions
and was in favor of the railroad company,
though without prejudice.- - -. ~
Two -of the other cases decided were
proceedings against the Clyde Steamship
Company, while the fourth was against
the Western and Atlantic Railroad Com
pany.--in the latter case the charge of
discrimination was made with reference
to the rates from Cincinnati to Atlanta
as against other places on the line of the
road between the two points. In one of
the Clyde cases rates on the Georgia rail
road are Involved and In the other case
the rates on the West Point 'and West
ern Railroad of Alabama. =¦•.•;
- In his opinion in the East Tennessee case
Judge White decided that the decision- of
the .first court was not In accordance
with the findings of facts by the commis-
WASHINGTON, April 8.— In th© United
States Supreme Court j to*day an
opinion . was handed down by
Justice ¦ White In various -' cases in
volving the ' long | and short . haul
clauses of the interstate commerce law.
The principal' opinion was rendered in the
case of 'the Bast Tennessee and Georgia
Railroad Company," and the charge was to
the effect that a lower rate was charged
on freight carried to Nashville than was
charged on freight to Chattanooga, the
distance to the first. point being greater
than to the latter. "-
Supreme Tribunal Renders
a Decision in an Impor
tant Case. ;-:
RAILROAD WINS
IN THE COURTS
A Month's Test Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr. Shoop. Racine,
Wls .box- 137. for six bottles' Dr.Shoop's Restora- I
tive. ExD.paia. fc'en<2 no money. Pa) $».5O If curec*
•-. Th« twentieth" century began ¦ January 1st,
1P01."-. and .will end 'with 200ft. People did not
tegin' to reckon time from A. D. 1, but waited
until - about , the 550th . year ¦[ of . the • Christian
era. People who begin to take the great health
restorative, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, Imme
diately : after : the . first outbreak of ¦ dyspepsia,
malaria,' -rheumatism, 1 constipation, nervous
ness or kidney, trouble will date their cure lm
icediately,from then. -;-.. \ /
'The Twentieth Century.
:-NEW YORK, April 8.— The ministers of
the New Tork . Presbytery who are op-^
posed to < revision ..of the church creed
gained .another victory • to-day when the
ballots for,' commissioner- to ; the >" General
Assembly were counted.'. The total , num
ber f from the "¦• presbytery is fourteen,
seven pastors - and • seven . elders,"., and ! it
is said that nine of the fourteen are con
servatives. : ' ¦
Conservatives of tne New York Pres
bytery Un the Majority "at. a
: , Church Election. ;
OPPONENTS OF REVISION
WIN A NEW VICTORY
OMAHA, Neb., April 8.— Bishop David
N. Mclnturff, who came here from, Epo-;
kane, Wash, a year ago, identified" him
self with the People's Church, and sub
sequently established, a , church - of : his
own, has come in contact with the courts;
and has been worsted. ) : - . ¦''¦ /¦¦-.
On . February 26. 1900, shortly fftdr the
arrival of Mclnturff, he met Mrs. Janw
Michle, a member of the People's Church,
and told her his , woes. A year or so be
fore the arrival of Mclnturff Andrew
Miohie had 'died, leaving. $1000 of life in
.surance to his wife. Jane Michie.- Of thi3
money she took $706 and lent it to Bishop
Mclnturff, 1 accepting bis note, payable
five years after date.: , .
After corresponding with people In
Spokane, Mrs. Michle became alarmed
over the loan and investigation resulted In
tho bringing of a suit In which she
charged fraud upon the part of Mclnturff,
alleging that he used religion as a cloak
to secure the loan. The case : was tried
. before Judge . Fawcett, and a . judgment
for $749 was , recovered. ; : In his decision,
filed this morning. Judge Fawcett- says:
"The court being • fully advised ; in the
premises finds that the allegations of. th«
plaintiff - are true, that on February 2«,
1900, defendant, by" fraud and false pre
tenses,- and deception practiced upon .the
plaintiff, 4 did fraudulently ' and corruptly,
obtain from said plaintiff $700 in, manner
and form as alleged/* .- ¦ ' ¦,•,¦-,:•'/•
sion Against an Inde
pendent Clergyman.
Omaha Court Files a Deci-
BISHOP MUST
RETURN MONEY
Irv'ng M. Scott of the Union Iron
Works was shown the foregoing dispatch
last evening, and said:
"There is no truth in the statement that
the Perry has failed to meet with the
contract speed requirements. She had a
trial on Saturday and made the speed in
dicated, 2S.2 knots, but the trial was only
one of many to which she wHl be sub
jected. The Board of Acceptance was
present at the trial and wilL be so again
when the Perry is run over the course.
The present trials are only builder's trials
and the boat has not yet had her official
trial. We are confident that the boat will
come up to our anticipations and make
the required speed."
Made Have Not Been Omcial
Ones. .
WASHINGTON, April 8.— Secretary
Long was informed to-day that the tor
pedo boat Perry, built by the Union Iron
Works of San Francisco, failed to meet
contract speed requirements on her recent
official trial. Under the contract the ves
sel was required lo develop a speed of 29
knots an hour, but the best she could do
on her trial run was 28.2 per hour. The
failure to xrake the full speed required.
2a knots, will not result in the rejection
of the ship, as the contract provides a
penalty for deficiency in speed between
29 and 2S knots. The boat will therefore
be accepted, the price being $259,000 in
stead of the full contract price of $263,000.
Irving Scott Says the Trials So Far
WASHINGTON, April S.— It is nearly
settled that Miss Mary Barber, niece of
Mrs. McKInley. will break the christen
ing bottle of wine on the prow of the bat
tleship Ohio. Governor Nash's daughter,
who had been selected originally for this
honor, consented to retire because Mrs.
McKinley has asked that her niece be
chosen. Senator Hanna has declined to
permit the committee to consider either
of his daughters for the occasion on the
ground that the Hanna family has fig
ured altogether too conspicuously in pub
lic events with the AIcKmley family.
Senator Foraker has thoughtfully with
dra»vn his daughters in favor of Miss
Barber, and now that young lady has no
competitors. She will travel to California
in company with the President and his
wife.
General Grosvenor of Ohio, who is Biak-
Ing the arrangements for the trip of the
Ohio Congressional delegation to attend
the launching of the battleship Ohio, was
at the White House to-day in consulta
tion with Secretary Cortelyou. The del
egation will travel in a private car and
will bo over a route different from either
that of the President or the Ohio guber
natorial party. Thev will go to Xew Or
leans from Cincinnati and expect to join
the Presidential party at Los Angeles.
The route of the return trip has not been
determined. -_ -
SPEED OF THE PERRY
IS REPORTED TO LONG
Ohio Will Probably Fall to
Miss Mary Barber.
MRS. McKINLEY'S NIECE
TO BREAK THE BOTTLE
Honor of Christening the Battleship
BANGOR, Me., April 8.— The special elec
tion in the Fourth Maine ¦_ Congressional
District to-day, to choose a successor to
Charies A.,Boutelle, resigned, resulted in
a victors for ex-Governor Llewellyn Pow
ers of Houlton, the Republican candidate,
by a majority estimated at slightly more
than 2000 over Thomas White; Democrat.
In September Mr.' Boutelle's .majority in
the district was more than #000. ¦
riTfiJ^iiTMi j i- i ' t rTtnTift^inrifSTi rrrrVrTWrii^rtraTOtifftainTr^ MfBmBMB
Republican Candidate in Maine Wins
the Place by Majority of.Twxv
Thousand. V
EX-GOVERNOR POWERS ,- : " .: I.: •
'-' TO SUCCEED BOTJTELLE
According to a special to tbe Da'.'y Newts
from Odessa, there hive been 1560 arrests
th**re during the last few days.
A dispatch frsm St. Petersburg to the
Reuter Telegra-.n Company says th9 polite,
a; KharkoftT have : arrested twenty-one
students for rioting at the railroad sta
tion on the occasion of the departure of
other students. Who wore expelled for be
4ng connected with previous disturbances
at Kharkoff.
A number of students were also arrested
In St. Petersburg on leaving a theater
where they had manifested particular ap
proval of certain passiges of a play which
seemed to refer to existing political con
ditions In Russia. ,
of His Work:
LONDON, April 8.— The health of Em
peror Nicholas has been shaken by the
recent commotions," says the St. Peters
burg correspondent of the I>ally Express,
"and he will probablv Abd'cate if the next
child of the Empress bhoiid be a daugh
ter." - - .
Emperor Nicholas Much Troubled by
Eecent Disturbances and "Weary
CZAB OF THE RTTSSIAS
• MAY LEAVE THE THRONE
OTTAWA, Ont., April 9.— A flre which
started in the Russell House block at 1:45
this morning destroyed the Russell The
ater, one of' the finest playhouses In Can
ada, and damaged the Russell House! one
of the principal hotels In this city, before
the firemen succeeded in gaining control
over the flames. These buildings, with two
others, occupy the block bounded by
Queen, Elgin, Canal and Sparks streets.
The total loss is estimated af$100,000.
The flre spread from the theater to the
hotel with great rapidity and forced some
of the 200 guests to make their escape in
their night clothing. To add to the con
fusion the electric flight wires- were cut,
leaving the hotel nt .total darkness. All
the guests escaped, nowever, without in
jury. . "The. Belle of. New York" Opera
Company played in the theater last night
and what scenery and costumes had been
left in the building were lost. The com
pany leaves the, city this morning, and
some of their effects had been sent to the
depot.
Besides the hotel and theater, the block
contained the office of the Free Press, and
another portion of it was occupied with
offices. The loss on these is small.
LONDON, April 9.— Fire destroyed twen
ty-five houses in Andover Hampshire this
morning, rendering 150 persons homeless.
Guests Escape in Nightclothing, and
Theatrical Company Loses
Property.
HOTEL AND THEATER \
BURNED AT OTTAWA
regiments of Infantry and members of the
gymnastic societies, were in uniform, en
hanced the color and- animation of the
streets. Troops lined the route from the
station to the prefecture, where the Pres
dent will stav while In Nice.
Greeted by Vast Crowds.
A vast concourse gathered early in the
morning to await President Loubet'S ar
rival." He* was welcomed by the military
,and municipal functionaries, at the station,
where the Marsellaise was played by a
regimental band. Proceeding - to the
courtyard, where the Alpine troops were
drawn up, the President distributed a num
ber of decorations to the officers and men.
He, then entered a gala landau and was
driven slowly to the prefecture, amid the
fanfare of bugles and rolling drums. The
President's reception by ,the ! spectators
was most warm. • The cheering was un
ceasing for the President and for the
republic. - . • . '. • ,, ' ."
¦ The usual receptions were held at the
prefecture, where the consular, military,
municipal and religious bodies, through
their representatives, delivered short ad
dresses,, which "the President replied to.
The utterances, on both sides were with
out Special significance.
Replying to an address from a delega
tion of the clergy, President Loubet point
ed out that he had always favored toler-
LIVERPOOL, April' S.-^C. Moreland Ag
new, on his arrival j here <this morning;
admitted that he had the Gainsborougn
portrait of the Duchess of. I>evonshirs.
Mr. Agnew himself 'carried | the picture
ashore, but'beyond admitting that it was
the famous missing Gainsborpugh, he dc :
cllned to furnish -any | details regarding Its
recovery and proceeded to London. ;;
LONDON, April 8.— On "his' arrival at
Liverpool C. Moreland Agnew wired to
his son here asking.tho latter .to meet him
at Euston railroad station with two clerks
from the office and a detective. On his ar
rival in London Mr. Agnew handed over
the i picture to the clerks and detective,
whoplaced It in a safe in the office.- Mr.
Agnew sayfl that : th * statements to the
effect that Pat <Sheedy nad anything to
do with the recovery of the picture are
not true, ahd" that he- (Agnew) did not
pay any money In America. The bill for
the detective work In the United States
will be paid through Scotland Yard. I
' "The papers are. filled with many mis
leading statements conpeming the Gains
borough," added Mr. Agnew. "I went to
America xtlih many misgivings, after so
many years of search. When I reached
New York,; I found; It necessary to pro
ceed to Chicago, wher? I met the Pinker
tons. By the most natural process in , the
world the' portrait was, turned over to me
by them. The simple statement that it
had been recovered in one of the Western
States wag 'in accordance with instruc
tions from Scotland. Yard. v ¦ '
"So-far as I -am. concerned,; the history
of the picture during its detention for a
quarter, of a century, is as much a mys
tery as it is to ' the rest of the world.
The portrait is in as perfect state of pre
servation-as any Gainsborough- I -/ever
saw. -All- stories implicating,' a former
American- millionaire,-. who is<now. desti
tute, are new to me. All I know is that
the picture was given me in Chicago and
that It is' the original - portrait." ¦
Portrait ;of the. Duchess of
Devonshire Deposited ,
in a Vault.
FAMED PAINTING
SAFE IN LONDON
NICE, APRIL 8.-President Lou
bet's visit to the Mediterranean
coast opened under excellent,
auspices. The weather during the
past few days has been unusual- j
ly chilly, but brightened to-day and sun
shine welcomed the President's arrival
in the morning. President Loubet has
chosen the most charming season for a
tour of the Rivera. The whole country
side is a mass of bloom of varied hues,
and Nice itself, as the presidential train
steamed in, displayed floral decorations
everywhere. The windows and balconies
were profusely adorned with garlands of
rcse3, carnations, wall flowers and ane
mones, which flowers also hung from bas
kets suspended in the Venetian masts and
triumphal arches over the main street^'
The President was accompanied by his
wife, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, M.
Delcasse, and the Minister of War,
General Andre. The only stoppages made
on the way were at Cannes and Antibe3,
where there were brief Teceptlons upon
the part of the local authorities. But all
the stations were gaily decorated with
flags. •¦ -. - •- .."..¦¦. ii ?¦¦¦ ¦
There has been a great influx of visitors
here. Numbers of Italians who, with the
.TOULON, France, April 8.— The Italian
squadron has arrived here, the battleship
Lepanto, with the Duke of Genoa on
board, heading the line. Salutes were ex
changed and an official visit was paid to
Vice Admiral de Beaumont, who said he
was proud to welcome the fleet of a
friendly nation. The Duke of Genoa ex
pressed the happiness he felt at being
charged with so agreeable a mission:;'"-.
Vice Admiral.
Duke of Genoa Greeted by the French
of a projected attempt to assassinate
President Loubet during his coming trip.
Extraordinary - precautions have ¦ been
taken everywhere and the usual police
protection has been doubled. Outsiders
have been excluded from the railroad sta
tions. Ten thousand soldiers have been
detailed to maintain order during: the
French President's stay at Nice, where
stringent orders have been issued to rig
orously suppress the slightest holtile dem
onstration. ¦•••'•
President Loubet is inclined to laugh at
the detectives' fears that an attempt will
be made upon his life.
ITALIAN SQUADRON ARRIVES.
STOCKTON. April 8.— Jack Frost has
played havoc with apricots, peaches- and
grapes In some localities In San Joaqu:T
County. There is not more than half an
San Joaquin County Conditions.
VACAVILLE, April 8.— The heavy frost
cf April 4 did serious Injury to Vacaville
orchards. In places It caused the loss cf
the apricot crop. Its effects were scat
tered, however, and the probable output
cf "cots" will be 50 per cent of a full crop.
Peaches were damaged some, as were
pears and grapes. It is apparent that
while individuals have suffered serious
loss the output of this section will still
be large In many valley orchards. No hill
ranches have suffered Injury.
In Vacaville Orchards.
FRESNO, April 8.— The local , weather
forecaster predicts a heavy frost for to
morrow morning, the first hard one th'.s
season. There have been three or four
plight frosts, but the damage has not be^n
great either to vines or deciduous or cit
rus fruits. Apricots and almond blossoms
undoubtedly have been nipped in scattered
and exposed places, but this will be bene
ficial in saving thinning out hereafter.
Crop conditions are most satisfactory,
though rain is much needed for grain.
There has been a large increase In vire
acreage In tftie county, footing 4000 or 5000
acres. This 1 is the crucial period for the
budding and blossoming fruit trees and
tender vine shoots by reason of frost visi
tations. Thus far there has not been a
killing frost.
LOS ANGELES. April 8.— Los Angeles
ind vicinity experienced a heavy frost
!p.st nighty The weather officials state
that the mercury, which reached 36, was
the lowest . ever recorded here in the
month of April. The lowlands were most
ly affected, the territory between here and
the beaches suffering a large amount of
Samage. The vegetable gardens, and
ranches of Vornon are reported to have
been despoiled of ripening tomatoes,
string bear.s and peas, while other vege
tables were more or less irrjured. It is re
ported that In some regions the apricots
v?ere damaged, notably the Inglewood dis
trict. Near there the ground was frozen
solid in places. The weather bureau pre
dicts another frost for to-night.
Fresno Fears a Frost
Frost in Hos" Angeles.
PAN JOSE, April 8.— The heavy frosts
of this and Sunday morning have done
great damage to the fruit crop in -the val
ley. The foothills have escaped, as far
as can be learned. The apricots suffered
the most, in many sections the soft pits
being- frozen, when the thermometer was
down to 2i» degrees, as was the case this
morning. It v.ill be impossible tc even ap
proximate the damage for several days,
bizc it may be stated as a generally ad-
HJitted fact that the apricot crop of the
valley will be light. Prunes have not
been affected to any extent. The cherries
have suffered some and the early grapes
are ruined. Orchardists who- reported at
the Cured Fruit Association to-day say
that there wl!I be hope for the prunes If
the frost -ends Eoon. .The peaches are
expected to drop considerably, but perhaps
do mere than v.ould be required for thin
ning. Later reports say the apricot crop
in fiorryessa and other exposed. sections
of the valley will be very small, the frost
having destroyed two-thirds of the buds.
Santa Clara Orchards Suffer.
In this section, on the Sow lands, some
dsmage was done to apricots, grapes and
peaches. In the neighborhood of Rumsey
and Guinda, in the upper part ot the
Cfapay Valley, which sections heretofore
have been free from frosts, there was
' scinf. damage on account- of the frost.
A very light crop of alm§nds will be had
this year. The vineyards about Natoma
were slightly nipped. '
SACRAMENTO, April S.-George B.
Katzenstein. manager of the Earl Fruit
Company, said to-day that he had re
ceived reports from various localities in
central and northern California stating the
frost of last Wednesday night and Thurs
day morning had done seme damage, to
the fruit crops. He said that while some
sections cent In somewhat discouraging
reports, he was inclined to believe that
the fruit growers were more alarmed than
hurt. He said there would be an abund
ance of fruit.
Mr. Katzenstein had reports covering
the orchards and vineyards from as far
south as Bakersfield and as far north as
Anderson, Shasta County, in the upper
part of the Sacramento Valley. According
to reports from BakersSeM, the plums
and prunes were nearly all greatly in
jured. Considerable damage was done" to
the- orchards about Anderson and Cot
ter, wood.
HOLLISTER. April 8.— The frost last
night destroyed 80 per cent of the almond
and apricot crop. Prunes were not so
badly damaged.
WOODLAND, April 8.-A light frost
visited this section this morning, and a
heavy north wind prevailed. No damage
is reported.
Losses in San Benito.
Yolo Crops Escape Injury.
OROVILLE, April 8.— There will be from
one-half to two-thirds of a crop of fruit
in all parts cf Eastern Eutte— that is, east
of Feather River. .- 8
Butte County's Fruit Yield.
RED BLUFF, April S.— Heavy frosts
have damaged apricots and almonds. A
light north wind is drying vegetation
rapidly. All grain prospects are good.
Tehama County Not Spared.
AUBURN, April 8.— The cold nights of
the past week may have injured fruit on
the low grounds, but not to any. extent.
The outlook for fruit in this section is. at
present very flattering.
Auburn Reports Big Yield.
GILROY, April'S.— The heaviest frost of
the season was experienced last night, the
mercury registering. 80 degrees. The apri
cot crop north of here is ruined, but only
light damage is reported in the foothill
sections. Prunes were not affected. With
another good rain the grain crops will lie
the heaviest known here in seven years.
Outlook Around Gilroy.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aurii 8.— Reports from
various parts of Mexico state that un
usually heavy and late frosts have caused
great damage to grain crops all over the
republic. Wheat, has suffered most. Fruit
orchards en the west coast have been
slightly damaged and ihe orange crop wiil
be cut down considerably. .
Mexican Crops Ruined.
STJISUN, April 8.— The apricot and peach
crops in Suisun Valley have been dam
aged by frost. The former crop Buffered
the most. Grapevines have been badly \
damaged, entailing considerable loss. Re
ports received to-day from fruit belts in |
this vicinity are to the effect that the |
damage will not be nearly as severe as at
first expected. - i
MARYSVILLE. April 8.— The canning
peaches in this vicinity were but little
affected by the late frosts, with the ex
ception of Muir peaches, which will not
make to exceed half, a crop. Shipping
plums, apricots and seedless grapes we?
badly.damaged. The grain acreage is. the
heaviest in years and is looking * well,
Rain would be welcome, but is not rieced
gary for ten days. ."
Damage Not Severe.
Peaches but Little Affected.
REDDING, April 8.— According to some
of the principal fruit growers of the An
derson, Churn Creek bottom and Happy j
Valley, districts the report that fruit crops j
are an almost total failure was erroneous, j
The loss of fruit will not exceed 5 per
cent, which will hardly be equal to the
necessary thinning. The apricot crop was
about half destroyed, but that fruit is
not extensively grown In this county.
Report of Damage Exaggerated.
SANTA ROSA, April 9— The fro3ts of
last week did considerable damage to
fruit and vines on the uplands, but com
paratively i little in the valleys •- of i this
county. Results would have teen 'even
more serious buf for the rain of; Friday
and Saturday, which changed climatic
conditions considerably. Around Geyser
ville grapes and cherries suffered:" In the
Hebastopol section the damage reported is
principally to the poach crop. In the So
noma Valley the vines are said to show
some effects of frost. It is too early yet
to give an Intelligent estimate as to the
effect upon this Reason's crop.
Scnoxna G-ets Off Lightly.
average crop of apricots in sight in the
vicinity of Lodi and Woodbridge, which
1= the main apricot center. Peaches have
suffered a loss of 60 per cent in some sec
tions, though in ethers the .damage has
been little .or nothing. To, vegetables
tucre has been no serious damage, though,
potatoes have' suffered eorae: The frost
has not damaged the almonds, but ther<
¦will not be more than half n ejrop th's
year, owing to other conditions. Vlno
vards have suffered in some localities.
Drying north winds are injuring the
grain. ' v
Earl Fruit Company's Manager Says the
Damage Throughout the State Has
Been Greatly Overestimated.
FROST'S BLIGHTING TOUCH
UPON BLOSSOMING FRUIT
Loubet Receive^ a Great Ovation and Laughs at the
Stories of Plots to Take His Life.
PRESIDENT'S VISIT TO NICE
A PRELUDE TO TOULON FETES
GLACIEU IN THE *S0UTH : . jr '-'
DREAM OF A SCIENTIST
Ohio Man Suggests That Abundant
Ice Be Created on the San Ber
nardino Peaks.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. April 8.— Dr. C.
W. Wooldrldge, a well-known Ohio scien
tist, came out to-day in advocacy of a
unique project. He would create a glacier
at the top of the San Bernardino Mount
ains, in California, that would change the
arid lands of Arizona and Southern Cali
fornia into a fertile garden. He would
have the standing army now used to de
stroy employed to Improve, and suggests
as one of its tasks that it erect an Im
mense chimney on the Pacific Coast, of
an enormous height, so that the ocean air
could be carried to the top • of the
San Bernardino Mountains, where by at
mospheric action It would be reduced to
an extremely low temperature, thus form
ing, according to Wooldridge, an Immense
glacier. ;
The presence of this glacier, he says,
would cause a sufficiency of rainfall,
w/iicn in that country is now lacking be
cause the upper stratum of atmosphere Is
too warm. He also suggested electric dy
namos which would furnish power to till
tne field, plows being used that misrht turn
up an acre of land at every trip. The land
wculd be irrigated by underground water
courses, and all over the farms he would
have, trolley tracks so that the farm
wagons could be run easily.
Attorney Held for Crime.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. April 8.— Perry L.
John's, the attorney, who returned Satur
day from Mexico to give himself up to
the authorities, was arraigned- in the City
Court to-day on charges of embezzlement
from the Pendleton estate and the Sta
ples Free Academy fund. He waived ex
amination. Probable cause was found and
he was bound over to the May term of
the Superior Court in $12,000.
ed issue of corporate stock for property
and the issue for monej^ Justice Dlxon
finds, lies not in the rule for valuation,
tut in the fact that different estimates
may be formed of the value of the prop
erty. Wh«n such differences are brought
before a judicial tribunal Justice Dixon.
says the judgment of those upon whom
the determining of the value 19 placed,
must be accorded considerable weight,
but it la not final.
Question of Overvaluation.
"Nor is it necessary." the opinion says,
"that conscious overvaluation or any
one form of fraudulent conduct on the
part of these primary values should bo
shown to justify judicial Interposition.
Their honest judgment, if reached with
out examination into the elements of
value or if used in part upon an estimate
of matters which really are not proper
or. if plainly warped by self-interest, may
lead to violation of the statutory rule .as
surelv as would corrupt motive. The or
iginal issue of corporate stock Is a spe
cial function. In the exercise of which
the Legislature has fixed the standard l<\
be observed, and It 13* the duty of th«
courts, -so far as their Jurisdiction ex
tends, to see tiiat this standard is not
violated either intentionally or uninten
tionally."
Justice Dlxon points out that under
section 40, when corporate stock has once
been issued for property purchased, the>
Legislature has directed the application of
another rule. Under such conditions noth
ing but actual fraud In the transaction,
can Impair the right of the stockholder to
hold his stock as full paid stock, free
from further call.
Applying the rule 83 above laid down.
Justice Dixon discusses the actual value
of the property, the purchase of which
was contemplated by the issue of $45,000.
000 of stock. He finds it admitted that the
value of the Guggenheim plant as physi
cal possessions did not exceed $10,000,000.
and with the cash to have been turned
over, leaving about $23,000,000 to be made
up in the good will of the business and
the leases and contracts, the nature of
which was not disclosed at any time in
the proceedings. While the defendants
claimed the complainants had not borne
the burden of proof cast upon them. Jus
tice Dixon holds that under these cir
cumstances this rule should not be vigor
ously enforced at this stage.
Conclusions of the Justice.
The proofs. Justice Dlxon says, point
strongly to the conclusion that in the ne
¦ gotiations between the parties the real
value of the property to be acquired had
not been the basis upon which they have
determined the amount of stock to be is
sued therefor. The fact that the expected,
consummation ' of the deal caused the
market value of the stock to rise, and
which was used as an argument that the
proposed purchase would not be advan
tageous to the stockholders. Justice Dlxon
finds to be without weight. Me says that
if the intrinsic value of the stock was
only 60 per cent of its face, and an out
sider offered 80 per cent in money for ad
ditional stock to be issued, such an offer
would clearly be advantageous to the
I company and its stockholders, but it could
! not be legallv accepted, because the Legis
lature has required that 100 per cent,
whether in cash or property, shall be re
ceived for corporate stock.
The court finds that the mere fact that
two-thirds of the directors and stock
holders voted for the purchase can not
prevent its review,- pointing otit that this
would not justify • an issue of stock for
an illegitimate enterprise.
In accordance with these views the court
orders that the stay be continued enjoin
ing the purchase and that proceedings to
increase-the stock should likewise remain,
in statjl quo pending further argument
-and a -decision by the Court of Chancery
as to the real value of the Guggenheim
property. .-;.*,:.;
GREAT SMELTING TRUST
IN ROCKEFELLER'S HANDS
Standard Oil Company Allies Itself With
Immense Corporation That Has Capital
ization of One Hundred Millions.
NEW YORK, April 8.— Attorney Samuel
Untermeyer to-night gave out a statement
In • which he says a protracted . meeting
was held to-day and continued to-night
which had reference to the litigation be
tween the American Smelting Company
and the' Standard Oil interests, represent
ed' by H. ¦ H. Rogers and Leonard Lew
isohn, over the merging of the' Guggen
heim company's plant. Mr. Untermeyer's
statement sroes on to say:
"The differences were finally settled* and
the Interests of the standard Oil Company
are now. closely allied- with • those of the
•American Smelting Company,* while the
United Metal Selling Company becomes
the selling agent of the' consolidated com
pany. The certificate Increasing the capi
tal stock of the company to $100,000,000 was
filed. with the Secretary of State' at Tren
ton to-night.' In order to avoid any fur
ther complicatioris'the new stock was im
mediately issued and delivered to the
Guggenhelms, and they have conveyed
their 1 properties to the company, so that
the amalgamation . is now complete."
There -was $22,000 in revenue stamps re
quired for the stock certificates and al
most half that amount to stamp the deeds.
JusticecDixon at Trenton, N. J., to-day
filed an opinion of the Court of Errors and
Appeals in the case brought by minority
stockholders of the American Smelting
and Refining Company to .enjoin the pur
chase, of the property of "M. Guggenheim
& Sons. This opinion has been awaited
with great interest by corporation law-r
yers, as it is considered most important as
affecting corporations In New Jersey.
• -. Title Importance of the opinion lies In the
construction placed by the court on sec
tions 48 and 49 of the general corporations
act. Vice Chancellor Stevens held that the
court could not go beyond the decision of
the board of directors as to the value of
the property to be purchased by the issu
ing of stock. The Court of Errors, on the
contrary, holds that it must be clearly
shown that the value of such property is
at least reasonably near the price to be
paid, and the action of the directors is
subject to review at the instance of any
stockholder who considers himself ag
grieved. Tlje syllabus of Justice Dlxon
follows: : • •
Text of the Decision.
Under section 40 of our corporation act when
an original issue of corporate stock for prop
erty to be purchased Is contemplated it is the
duty of the directors to see that the real value
cf the property is at least equal to the face
value -of the stock. Before an original 'ssue
of corporate stock for property to be purchased
takes place the bona fide Judgment of the di
iectors a3 to the value of the property, while
It Is entitled to considerable weight, is not
conclusive, but may' be . reviewed - at the In
stance of existing stockholders, and If on such
review by a court of equity the -value of the
property appears to be less than the face value
of. the stock the issue should be restrained.
After ' stock ; has ¦ been Issued as fully paid
stock for property purchased the judgment of
the directors as to the value of the property
becomes conclusive In the absence of actual
fraud in the transaction, and such stock is
not liable to any further call. An increase of
corporate stock, voted for by the board of di
rectors and by the requisite majority of stock-*
holders in order to Issue such stock for prop
erty worth less than the face value of the
stock, should be restrained at the instance of
dissenting stockholders.
In .considering the right of the court to
review the action of the directors, Justice
Dlxon says the language of section 4S of
the corporation act is not questionable
as to the fact that the money paid in must
equal the face value- of the stock issued..
The language of section 49 is even more
explicit, providing thaf the corporation
may Issue stock to the : amount of the
value of the stock. ;
The distinction between the contemplat-
sion. The decision of the Supreme Court
was.that "the decree of the Circuit Court
of Appeals should be reversed, with costs
and the case remanded to the Circuit
Court with Instructions -to set aside It3
decree adjudging that the order of the
commission be enforced and to dismiss
the application made for that purpose,
with costs, the whole to be without preju
dice to the right of the commission to
proceed upon the evidence already intro
duced before it upon such further plead
ings and evidence as it may allow to be
made or introduced, to hear and determine
the matter In controversy accordlns to
In the cases of the Clyde Steamship
Company the decrees of the Circuit Court
of Appeals and of the Circuit Court were
modified by providing that "the dismissal
of the bills shall be without prejudice to
the right of the Interstate Commerce
Commission, if It so elects to make an
original investigation of the questions con
tained in the records pertinent to ytio
complaints presented to that body." As
so modified the decrees were affirmed.
New Official for the Santa Fe.
! SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 8. — E. H.
Compton, trainmaster of the Springfield
division of the Illinois Central Railroad,
with headquarters at Clinton, tendered his
resignation to-day, to take effect to-mor
row, resigning in order to accept a posi
tion as superintendent of terminals at
Needles, Cal., with the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad.
"Will Salute.
PARIS, April 9.— "According to informa
tion received from an authoritative
source," says a dispatch to the Matin
from Nice, "the Russian squadron will re
return to Villefranche to-morrow to salute
M Loubet, in order to show that its re
cent departure was without significance
from the point of" view of the friendly re
lations existing between the two coun
tries." *>:¦/;• *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AP1UL 9j 1901
2
-'--. - To Cure' * a*< Cold j in • One « Day. V -
Take Laxative Broino-Qulnlne .Tablets. 23a •
I Because it's $!.30<. I
|i Because it's a good hat, because it wears, because S
M it can be had in any c olor, soft or stiff, because it bears M
H -a union label, because it's worth $2.00 and because it g
11 sells for $1.30, our hat at that price is the most popu- M
II lar.hat in this department of our store. ||
p| . It sells .by trie dozens and dozens— wear one and ||
pi you will know the reason. See them in our windows. O
HI Out-of-town .orders filled— write us. fjy
H 718 Market Street. v ||LOSSES OF THE FILIPINOS.
War Casualties Are Figured as High
as Fifty Thousand.
"WASHINGTON. April 8.— The rebellion
against American authority has been a
costly experience for the natives of the
Philippines. Fifty thousand Filipinos
form the lowest estimate of the War De
partment of casualties sustained by th©
Filipino forces; 7667 rifles have been cap
tured or surrendered and 605,142 rounds of
ammunition, as shown by incomplete re
turns, have been seized. The number of
Filipinos killed cannot be accurately de
termined by the department, as General
MacArthur in his dispatches states that
It is Impossible „ to be accurate on this
point, but it would not surprise officials
shculd losses sustained by the insurgents
in killed and deaths from disease reach
25,000, and some say that 50,000 is closer to
the real figure. .
The rebellion in the Philippines has been
In progress for three years. In his annual
report for HS99 Major General Otis, then
in command of the archipelago, said that
"Aguinaldo's concentrated army was. var
iously estimated at from 20,000 to : 30,000
men. Officials of -the War Department
now admit that while this estimate may
have been true of the army proper, it is
certainly not true of the strength of -the
Filipino forces throughout the insurrec
tion, as the disaffection resulting from
Aguinaldo's efforts and his impressment
of natives caused large additions to . his
command.
Adjutant General Corbin is satisfied that
tho casualties suffered by the Filipinos
will in themselves form a potent reason
for the abandonment of further resistance
by the natives. The progress made in
pacification Is illustrated by the figures
in - possession of the department. For
twenty-seven months, ending November
30 last, the total number of Filipinos
captured or surrendered was 13.4G8 officers
and men. and the number of rifles turned
in 4933. Since November last 6600 officers
and men have been captured or surrend
ered, and 2734 rifles have been delivered
to or captured bj»the American troops.
SHOOTING AFFRAY ENDS
A QUARREL IN ELMIRA
Saloon Proprietor ¦ Philip Tobin Re
pays Sturdy Blows With a
Bullet.
STJISTJN. April S.— Word was received
here this evening of a shooting which oc
curred this afternoon at Blmlra, nine
miles cast of here. Philia Tobin and a
farm employe got Into an altercation In
Tobin's saloon, and Tobin was knocked
down twice. The other man then walked
across the street to another saloon and
Tobin followed him. There the trouble
•was renewed. Tobin drew his pistol and
shot his assailant in the head. The bul
let struck the man on the left side of the
forehead and is believed to have frac
tured the skull. The fellow's condition is
serious, but it is not believed that he will
Constable Charles H. Downing of Sui
pun went to Elmira and arrested Tobin
and he was released on $500 bonds, pend
ing his preliminary • examination on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
COMPLETE VICTORY
FOR INSURANCE MEN
Nevada Supreme Court Declares the
Valued Policy Law to Be
Invalid.
CARSON, April 8.— The Supreme Court
of Nevada to-day rendered an opinion on
the valued Insurance policy law which
was passed over the Governor's veto by
the late Legislature. The court de
clares the law to be Invalid, as It. lacks
the necessary signatures of officers of the
Senate and Assembly. Secretary of State
Howell refused to certify to the bill when
he discovered the absence of the sig
natures. The case was then taken to the
Supreme Court on mandamus proceed
ings.
Thetlecision was rendered by Chief Jus
tice Mossey, Judge Belknap concurring,
and Judpe Fitzgerald dissenting. The
Court held the law to be Invalid, quoting
section 8 of article 4 of the State consti
tution, which requires the signatures of
officers of both Legislative houses when a
bill is passed.
Death on the Rails.
STOCKTON, April 8.— Henry B. Hayes,
75 years of age, was instantly killed at
Tracy to-day by being run over by the
cars. He was herding cattle, when the
horse he was riding became frightened
and threw him directly in front of the
train. - - ¦
Negotiations With Botha.
LO.VDOX, April 9.— "It Is declared in
Transvaal quarters. In this city." says the
Brussels correspondent of the Post, "that
General Botha will shortly renew the
peace negotiations."'
.
Prospecting for Iron Ore.
SANTA CRUZ, April 8.-Eastern cap
italists are here prospecting for iron ore.
If it be found in sufficient quantity, active
development will begin.
¦-. ' t': - " " • * - -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 8.— Dawson passengers
of the steamer City of Seattle, which
reached port to-day, say that pneumonia
is prevalent in the Klondike. Colonel J.
C. McCook, United States Consul for the
Klondike, was very ill on April 2 and had
practically no chance of recovery. Frank
J. Belcher, one of the" richest men of the
Klondike, recently died of the disease,
just as he was about to leave for his
home in Pennsylvania, where he proposed
to retire on a fortune of at least $600,000,
which he had accumulated in the El Do
rado district. A number of other deaths
have resulted from the disease.
A Japanese woman was a victim and
before her death asked, that her body be
shipped south," cremated and the ashes re
turned to her native land. - .
United States mail from Teller City,
within the circle of the arctic; Slnrock,
Nome, St. Michael, and all of the prin
cipal points along the Yukon from, its
mouth to White Horse, arrived to-day on
board the steamer City of Seattle. It is
the third Nome mail received since the
close of the Bering Sea navigation. There
were probably 3000 Nome letters of date as
late as January 15. From the stamping,
the carriers did not leave St. Michael
until eight days subsequent to their de
parture from Nome. Numerous St. Mich
ael letters were stamped January 23.
The Nome mail, which was carried In
a single pouch, contained letters, posted
for every principal city in the United
States and Canada, while not a few. are
addressed to European cities.
The mail reached Skaguay on April 2,
and was aboard the City of Seattle April
4. Within two hours after its arrival at
the Seattle postofllce it was all distrib
uted. . - ¦•
NEWSPAPER MEN ARRESTED
ON CHARGE OF LIBEL
Controversy Created by Recent City
Election in Denver Results in
More Sensation.
DENVER, April 8.— Crawford Hill, pub
lisher, and William Stappleton, editor of
the Denver Republican, were arrested to
night on capiases obtained in the criminal
court by United States Senator Thomas
M. Patterson, editor and publisher of the
Rocky Mountain News, who charges them
with criminal libel.
The arrests grew out of the recent Den
ver city elections, In which the Republic
ans, supported by the Denver Republican,
¦were victorious. Charges of fraud at the
polls were made by both Republicans and
Democrats, and the newspapers have been
full of the details. The Denver Repub
lican In an editorial published Saturday
morning charged that Senator Patterson
was directly responsible for the crimes
alleged to have been committed by the
Democrats against the ballot; that he was
not only in complete control of the Demo
cratic "machine", but that he gave per
sonal direction ter Democratic workers on
how to steal the election.
Ine Republican professes to take the ac
tion for libel lightly and intimates that it
is prepared to prove its charges. Eminent
counsel has been retained by both sides,
and the trial is likely to be one ' of the
most sensational ever held - in Denver
Senator Patterson and Mr. Hill are' both
millionaires, and there is long standing
enmity between them. Hill is the son of
the late Senator N. P. Hill. - . .
:; ' . ¦ •— '¦ ¦ • .. .
BUMOR OF A CONFLICT
t'V ON SHORT LINE TRACK
Vague Reports Received . , That Op-
posing Railroad Forces Have
: Come Together in Nevada.'
SALT LAKE, April 8.— Information from
the end of the Short Line track now in
Nevada is. that track laying is still being
pushed by the Short Line torces. Sensa
tional - rumors .of a conHict between . the
opposing forces have ¦ been received from
Pioche, Nevada, to-day, but were denied
later. Representatives of the San Pedro
Los Angeles and Salt. Lake railroad are
on the ground for the purpose of protect
ing their interests, but it is not believed
that any serious trouble will occur.- -? !^X;
Wealthy Prank J. Belcher
Succumbs to the
. Disease.
KLONDIKERS ILL
WITH PNEUMONIA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 8.— The municipal
election was held in this city to-day. The
vote was very heavy, nearly 600 citizens
casting ballots. The principal fight was
made between Thomas P. Boyd and Jos
eph K. Hawkins for City attorney. Boyd
•was elected by more than 100 majority.
Ci£y Marshal J. E. Healy had no opposi
tion. The following were elected: Trus
tees, V. J. B. Cheda, Peter Williams, un
expired term, and Stanly Moorhead, fall
term; Library Trustees, A.. N. Boyen, J.
W. Cochrane, Vincent Neale, C. P. Pom
eroy, E. S. Rake, E. B. Martinelli; As
sessor, W. F. Dougherty; City Attorney,
Thomas P. Boyd; Clerk, John T. Bustin;
Treasurer, A. E. Scott; Recorder, E.
Gardner.
PETALUMA, April 8.— The city election
to-day resulted in close contests. A. big
poll of votes was recorded. F. M. Collins,
Marshal; F. K. LIppitt, Attorney; W. D.
Hopkins, Assessor; Art S. Newburgh,
Clerk, and. M. Walsh, .Trustee, were re
elected. W. R. Veale, Trustee; William
Farrell. William Ayers, H. L. Weston and
P. Sweed, School Board; N. W. Scudder.
Recorder, and George Lamareaux, Treas
urer, w^re the other successful candi
dates*
BAKERSFIELD, April 8.— The city elec
tion to-day resulted as follows: Trustees,
R. McDonald and H. H. Fish; Marshal, T.
J. Packard; City Attorney, George Flour
noy Jr.; Recorder, S. W. Mahon; Treas
urer, O. O. Mattson; members of the
Board of Education. J. A. Baker and E.
P. Davis. . About two-thirds of the vote
was cast.
WOODLAND, April 8.— The municipal
election to-day was a hot one, a large
Vote being polled. The Democrats elected
two City Trustees, two members of the
Board of Education, Treasurer, City At
torney and Assessor, and' the Republicans
elected one Trustee only. Gwynn, the in
dependent candidate, was elected Marshal.
SANTA ANA, April S.— The municipal
election here to-day resulted in a victory
for the anti-saloon element, two of their
three candidates for Councilman winning.
LONDON, April 9.— The Very Rev.
Frederick W. Farrar, Dean of
Canterbury, whose condition has
for the last few days caused anx
iety, had a restless night, an-1
this morning showed no improvement,
• • • t T t » 9. 9 .t.-f
VOTERS CHOOSE
TOWN OFFICERS
Thomas P. Boyd Is Elected
City Attorney it) San
Americans will be^grieyed to learn of Dr.
Farrar"s illness, for he received a hearty
welcome during his visit to the Unite 1
States in 1885. He has taken a prominent
part in temperance reform, in the Dio
cesan Council for the welfare of young
men in the Westminister Saintly Aid As
sociation, in the Westminster Sunday
School Association (of which he was the
founder) and in many other philanthropic
works. As. Dean of Canterbury he has
raised more than £20,000 for the restora
tion of the Cathedral., T
ARMED MEN AND DOGS'
track two: negroes
Lynching Is Probable When Men
Who Attempted to Commit
Arson Are Captured. . . "
MOBILE , • Ala., V April , 8.— Reports from
Tennessee Congressman Declares That
Bay Minette, near here, tell of a case of
attempted arson by two negroes, who are
now surrounde"d'in : a swamp near Hurri
cane Bayou: The negroes were discov
ered attempting to set fire to a large store
at Bay Minette. ¦ They ran off, the fire
was extinguished- and- a chase was made
after the, negroes by. an armed posse..
Bloodhounds from a convict lumber camp
at Dolive were sent for. and picked up the
trail of the negroes at Hurricane Bayou.
The dogs followed the ' negroes into the
swamp, which Is now surrounded by a
large force of armed men. '.'It is said the
capture of the negroes is only a question
of time. • : -. .
One of the posse, -a man named Mc-
Gowan, was shot in the arm „ and leg by
the fleeing men during a pistol fight. His
injuries are serious. The country in the
vicinity is highly aroused, and there is lit
tle doubt the negroes will . be . lynched if
captured by the posse. "• ¦. '. ¦
SAYS EVANS HAS SAVED
MONEY OF THE NATION
the War on the Pension Com
missioner Is Unjust.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— "The differ
ence between a popular and an. unpopular
Pension Commissioner ia about $5,000,000
a year. Evans chose to save the Govern
ment $5,000,000, and as a result made a host
of enemies."
This is the frank language in . which
Representative Gibson of Tennessee ad
mitted • that the opposition to Commis
sioner of Pensions Evans was based on
the sround that he had stood in the wav
of the looting of the treasury by pension
attorneys and claimants not coming with
in the law. Mr. Gibson declared that Con
gress and the taxpayers were against the
policy which Mr. Evans had adopted., Mr.
Gibson can hardlv. be accepted as a
spokesman of Congress and tho taxpayers,
however, for Congress has had ample op
portunity to amend the law so as to ope:i
up the treasury in Spite of Mr. Evans,
but has refused to do so and the taxpayers
will not find fault with a man for savin?
$5,000,000 a vear.
FRENCH AND ITALIANS
. AGItEE IN NORTH AFRICA
Arrangement Made About the Af
fairs of the Two Nations in
. Morocco and Tripoli.
LONDON, April 8.— The Daily Chronicle
publishes a dispatch from Tangier regard-
Ing a new French-Italian entente in North
Africa.' - ... ¦ ¦ ._ - ...'.''
"This" is likely to have great conse
quences,", says the correspondent, "Italy
ceasing her opposition to French designs
in Morocco in return for permission to oc
cupy Tripoli. It is suggested thaj Great
Britain would welcome the creation- of a
friendly state between Tunis and Egypt.
A big move is expected \ after M.- Del
casse's interview with Count Lamsdorff in
St. Petersburg." , -
J THE DAY'S DEAD. J
WILFRED ! F. KINYOU"
STTODENXY SUMMONED
Bandsburg Mine-Owner Falls Dead
From His Chair While Head
: ing a Newspaper.
SAN BERNARDINO, • April . 8.— Wilfred
F. . Kinyon, a wealthy" mining . man,
dropped dead at Randsburg yesterday
from paralysis of the heart. He had Just
finished taking a hearty dinner and com
menced reading a newspaper when he fell
to the floor, expiring before medical as
sistance could be had. • . ¦ ,
Although but • 32 years of age, 'Kinyon
had accumulated a comfortable fortune.
He and his father, George W. . Kinyon,
were the first to reach Randsburg during
the great gold excitement there, and they
secured several valuable claims. The Kin
yon gold- mine 1 is well known as a rich
producer and adjoins the celebrated Yel
low Aster property. v
John Vest.
SUISUN, April 8.— John Vest, an -old
resident of Suisun, died , suddenly at '9:30
o'clock this evening of heart disease. He
came to Suisun in 1869, but had then been
a resident of the State twenty, years. He
was a director of the Bank of Suisun and
was: a man' of considerable means. He
was a' native of Ireland and about 78 years
of age.- ~ ; / ,¦'¦' '_ '- : *¦"¦¦•"¦ ¦¦"'¦• .
George Murray Smith.
LONDON, April 8.— The death > of
George Murray Smith, : the . well-known
English publisher, was announced here
to-day. '• He was a member Tr the
firm of Smith, Elder & Co., and published
some of the first editions of the works of
William Thackeray. He ; founded the
Cornhill Magazine in I860. ;
John Foster.
" SALINAS, April S.-^John Foster, one of
the oldest citizens of this locality, died at
his home in this city this morning. Mr.
Foster , came . to i this section in the early
days and at one. time' was connected with
the railroad. He had reached the ripe old
age of 81 years. *,>
• NEW ORLEANS, April 8.—Ex-CongresB
inan M. * D.'f Logan: died ; to-day; - aged : 72
years. /- v ; " . , -'
Ex-Congressman M. . D.- Logan.
DECIDES AGAINST
FRUIT COMBINE
• *
Judge Seawell's Ruling May
Cause Disruption of
Association.
Sustains Defendant's Demurrer in an
the Terms of a Con
. tract
Action Brought to Enforce
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 8.-Judpe James M.
Seawell of San Francisco, who recently
heard the suit of the California Cured
Kruit Association against W. Ainswori.li
to compel the latter to deliver to the asso
ciation $700 worth of dried prunes, has
rendered a decision that may affect all of
the association's contracts /with prune
men. At present there are nearly 100
Fimllar suits pending throughout the
State. The opinion of Judge Seawell ap
plies to three cases he recently heard
here, against Ainsworth, F. E. Stelling
and the Phoenix Raisin Seeding and
Packing Company. The local Judges were
disqualified because of being interested.
The decision sustains the demurrer filed
by XV. Ainsworth to the suit of the asso
ciation. The defendant disposed of his
fruit to the Phoenix Dried Fruit Company.
Judge Seawell practically decides that the
association Is entitled to only 2 per cent
of the prunes contracted for. the amount
il was to be given for handling the fruit.
The court holds that there is no allega
tion in the complaint that plaintiff has
sustained damages by reaton of the con
version of the prunes therein mentioned,
or of the amount of euch damages. The
averment that the value of the prunes at
the time of the alleged conversion was
5700 is not the equivalent of an allegation
that the plaintiff has sustained damages
in that amount.-
Overvaluation of Damage.
The amo unt of damages sustained by
plaintiff, by reason of the conversion
complained of, is not necessarily equal to
the value of the prunes. By the action
of the defendants the plaintiff has been
relieved of the labor and expense incident
to the inspection, packing, storage, insur
ance and sale of the prunes, and the obli
gation to account for the price realized
by their sale.
Continuing the court holds:
I flo not think that the provision that upon
failure of Ainsworth to deliver the prunes as
soon as picked and cured plaintiff should be
entitled to assume and take exclusive posses
s'on and control thereof has any greater effect
in conferring title on plaintiff than the prom
ire of Ainsworth to deliver them. Neither was
the agreement to deliver the prunes absolute.
>insworth agreed to cure the prunes to the
satisfaction of plaintiff's inspector, and there
uiwn to deliver the whole thereof to plaintiff.
There is no allegation in the complaint that
the prunes were cured to the satisfaction of
TilalntifTs inspector or were ever inspected by
h-ra. If Ainsworth intended a transfer of the
prunes why was the sale and transfer in terms
limited to 2 per cent? By the contract alleged
l:e sold and transferred 2 per cent absolutely
fir.d merely agreed at a future time and upon
a certain contingency to deliver the whole of
the prunes.
My conclusion is that under the facts 6tated
in the complaint the plaintiff is not entitled
to maintain the action. I cannot take judicial
i.otice of the fact, if it exists, that plaintiff
l:as made a like contract with other fruit
growers, nor do I know judicially the pur
jm- ses fof which plaintiff was org-anized.
It is fair to assume that plaintiff's ability
to carry on its business depends upon the
lidelity with which the persons who contract
with "it carry out their engagements. The
Feme is true of all business undertakings.
Tl'at is, however, a circumstance of no ma
teriality in the construction of the agreement
eel forth in the complaint.
The effect of the decision may be wide
spread and will be watched by the prune
men. The Cured Fruit Association prob
ablv will amend the complaint and make
a hard legal fight. If the decision filed
to-day was to stand, all the dissatisfied
irrowers in the association would break
away.
Directors Decide to Appeal.
The directors of the California Cured
Fruit Association and their attorneys held
a meeting this afternoon and discussed
the results of Judge Seawell's decision.
They were unanimous that the case must
be fought to the bitter end, as the life
of the association depended upon it. An
appeal will be taken to the Supreme
Court.
President Bond said this evening that
the significance of the decision was that
the present contract vrould not hold good
unless the prunes are cut of the growers'
hands and into the warehouse of the as
sociation. While it did not affect the pree
r>nt crop, it would have a destructive ef
fect on next vear's operations and might
disrupt the association. It is the first de
cision ever rendered on the contract used
by most of the co-operative associations.
The Cured Fruit Association's contract
is the same as that of the Raisin Grow
ers' Association, and it will affect that
organization, which now has a similar
Btxu pending. The directors of the asso
ciation and its attorneys are of the opin
ion it will not be sustained. Steps will
be taken to obtain a decision before the
June meeting of the association. If Judge
Seawell should be sustained it means all
contracts with prune men for next year
•will be worthless and practically a re
organization of the association must be
had.
McKEOWN IS NOT
SEEKING DIVORCE
Husband and Wife Continue
•to Be on Friendly
Terms.
Attorney in the Confidence of Both
Puts an End. to Rumors. That
Have Been Going the
Rounds. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 8.— There has
been 'a great deal' of talk on the" streets.
In ' clubs and at . theaters to the effect
that when ' Scott McKeown returned to
Los Angeles it would be for the purpose
of commencing . divorce proceedings
against his wife, Dorothy. . Studebaker
McKeown. . This' talk has been renewed,
since Mrv JlcKeown's return last Sat'ur
day. A ; prominent . attorney, who- has
been on close, terms with the McKeowns
and had -much to do with the settlement
of McKeown's affairs, said to-day: \
1 "Divorce proceedings have never been
broached nor thought of by either Scott
or his wife. "What the future may bring
out, of course, I j am unable ! to ' say, but
for ninety .days at least there can be
nothing of the sort begun.' The law pro
vides that ninety days': continuous resi
dence in the county must, be had before
proceedings can be taken in divorce cases.
Neither party, under this law, can get a
divorce. • "¦- • •, , .:;¦•-¦
"Then, again, I know that, outside of
the fact that Scott is not reconciled • to
having his wife on the stage, everything
is harmonious between them. I hold. in
my hand now,'.' continued the .attorney,
"a telegram from Mrs. McKeown, dated
Chicago. She left San Francisco last
¦ Tuesday night, at the same time Scott
left Chicago. I telegraphed to him, . but
he did not. get the message, and was
greatly annoyed when he learned he had
passed his wife on the way.
"There' has , been some talk about Mrs.
McKeown's actions here and in San Fran
cisco. I do not think this just. Know
ing: her so well, I can say she would
never, do anj'thlng that would be.out^of
the way. One thing I do know, however,
and that is that Scott and ,hls wife are
both children and this talk. of a divorce
is all bosh."
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL., TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1901.
in a' Western Idaho
District.
RICH PLACER STRIKE
MADE BY PROSPECTORS
Men Rushine'In to Stake Out Claims
TEKOA', April 8.— There is intense ex
citement here over the discovery of rich
placer diggings on Santa Creek, about
twenty miles east of here, in Idaho. Men
left here at all hours last night to stake
claims. Others are rushing in from Parm
ington and other points -In the Palouse.
The discovery was mode by the Tysons
brothers, three farmers, in a gulch which
runs-.into Santa Creek, about eight miles
from the creek's confluence with the St.
Mary. From a. piece of ground 40 by 15
feet they took out $308 in coarse gold.
Their appliances were crude and it is
estimated that, they got less than a third
of the gold, as the -bedrock was not
cleaned at all. The new camp is on the
divide between the old Hoodoo District
and the Coeur d' Alen.es. It is said several
million dollars was taken out of the old
Hoodoo district In early days.
The wreckers sought to derail the heavy
train, with its scores of passengers, and
ditch it in the river, fifty feet below the
track bed. Had they succeeded awful loss
of life would have resulted. A discarded
tie had been placed across the rails, to
which It was bound by ropes, at the north
end of tunnel 5. A few feet? beyond the
obstruction a bridge spans the river for
the support of the track.
Luckily the engineer saw the tie when
his engine was still In the tunnel and
stopped his train within a few feet of the
obstruction that might have hurled more
than 100 persons to their death in the
river. * . .
REDDING, April 8.— News reached here
this afternoon of a dastardly attempt that
was made to wreck the northbound pas
senger train that left here at 6 o'clock
last evening. The attempt occurred near
Elmore station, about forty miles north of
here. As the plan failed of Its purpose
little publicity was given it. •
Dastardly Attempt to Hurl a South
ern Pacific Express Into th«
Biver Near Elm or a
Station. jf flf •*:
Engineer's Alertness Foils
the Plan of Train
Wreckers.
PLACE IN PERIL
SCORES OF LIVES
MISSING C0LFAX GIRL
TRAVELS AS A TRAM?
TUCSON", April 8.— Telegrams were re
ceived to-day from the parents of Laura
Morgan, the sixteen-year-old girl who
disappeared from her home in Coif ax.
Wash., announcing that she was In Tuc
son. A careful search was made for her.
Marshal Taylor was assisted by Deputy
Sheriff McPhall of Tuma. but the girl
succeeded in evading the officers. She
was seen at the Southern Pacific Railroad
yards yesterday afternoon, but when the
officers visited the yards no trace of her
could be found. v ¦
It is believed that Miss Morgan went to
Phoenix in a freightcar, and Deputy Mc-
Phall has gone thither in search of her.
The girl is traveling as a tramp, beating
her way on the railroads. ;
RELICS OF PREHISTORIC
MAN IN ARIZONA WILDS
Aside from the m.ountain affo.-dinq; an
Interesting study: in y« ology, there are
features attractive to the antiquarian.
The exploring party found under a high
shelving- in the rocks, . a narrow-necked
olla or earthen jar, bottom side up, con
taining human- bones, a broken hammer
and. a "metate" or stone employed by the
prehistoric races of Arizona, probably for
the same purposes that the aborigines of
One side of the mountain , rises in tar
races and presents irany features pecu
liar to the Grand Canyon of Colorado.
This whole mass is of an obsidian sub
:St-a.ice,' or valcanic z'iass. and slitters in
colors of green, blue and t black. This
phenomenon may be seen on clear morn
ings from a great distance and the glitter
and radiations have allured many travel
ers in its direction au<i t;» their d&ritii.
PHOENIX, Ariz.,Aprif 8.— A party of
archeologists < and antlQuarians ha* made
important discoveries in the hitherto un
explored .region ; of the. northern llmvt
of the Harquahala range of .mountains
in. Arizona. A great desert and the tctal
absf nee of water have prevented previous
examination- ard onlv the Imiianj knew
or tbe curiosities of ULus mountain ranse-
Scientists Find Traces of an Aborigina
X Race on a Hitherto Undiscovered
,i ' Mountain of Glass. ¦
Mr. Fairbanks came to Arizona many
years ago, and during his life here was
engaged in gambling and In the saloon
business. He was the proprietor of the
"Fashion," one of the largest gambling
houses in Arizona.
• TUCSON, April 8.— Mr. and Mrs. Benja
min ¦ Fairbanks were thrown from their
buggy this evening, and Mr. Fairbanks
soon afterward died from the effects of
the injuries he received.- Their horse ran
away and dashed down Congress street.
Reaching Stone avenue, Mr. Fairbanks
tried to turn the animal down the thor
oughfare. The wheels of the buggy caught
in the street car track and the vehicle
was turned- over, the occupants being
thrown to the ground. Mr. Fairbanks*
skull was fractured and he received inter
nal injuries. He lived but an hour after
the accident.. . ., , . . .
Pioneer . of Arizona .Gaming
. - - Hall Proprietors. - .
Passing of 1 Benjamin -. Fairbanks, a
GAMBLER MEETS DEATH
IN TUCSON" RUNAWAY
Tac mountain of srtass Is a marvel of
vo.canic upheaval. It3 shice suggtsts a
¦vo^ct'iilo overflow, the center of the cone
forming a gigantic tube, from which tho
terrances formed in seotions until the
Mjrhest point wa» raised and caolins agen
cies sealed the moutti cf discharge. Ero
sion: has had little effect, except that
where several fractures have occurred the
varied and beautiful colors of ths volcanic
glass are brilliantly reflected. The moun
tain is daneerous and difficult of ascent,
owing to the precipitous terrace* and the
ice-like smoothness of the surface.
The discoveries have been called to the
attention of the Arizona Antiauarinn So
ciety, which is planning to do .1 yreat deal
of aelvingr among AHeona ruins and to
obtain valuable information, in ethnology
ana archeology.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to-day put them to tor grlndlnj? maize.
Slabs, turquoise stones and other curiosi
ties were revealed by digging, and ther©
were marks on buried locks, taken to be
inscriptions on slabs. A careful study of
¦the curiosities was not made, but another
party .will be organized for the purpose of
unearthing all available rcu'cs of antiquity
in the phenomenal mountain and to inter
pret, if possible, the significance of .bo
symbols and relics found.
Illness of the Dean of Canterbury Continues
to Cause Considerable Anxiety Lest the
Noted Divine May Not Recover.
FARRAR'S CONDITION
SHOWS NO IMPROVEMENT
THE VERT REV. FREDERICK W.
FARRAR, DEAN QF CANTER- \
BURY. .
3
Union=niade serge and tweed
Surely we do not have. to tell you of- the popularity of the blue serge and
mixed tweed to arouse'your interest. Neither need we say that the price is low
at $7.50. This s.atement should convince you of the value of the suits. They are
.all.wool, well dyed, fast colored, careful y cut, union made and guaranteed.
If you have but a nominal sum to spend for vour clothes, buy where your
yjJKk' ' " money .will go "farthest. A good serge for $7.50 pr mixed
£jM!i£$%k ¦¦ tweed at $10 is surely worth the money.
V These suits are made in our own workshops by union labor. You
Y .$£0 know that union labor makes the best clothing in the world; the union
J^HgL*J5p - label in these garments stamps the workmanship as first class.
If the suit does not come up to the customer's expectation he can
nave his money back; if he keeps the suit we will keep it in repair
free for a year after purchase.
. Boys' sailor suits-
Our sailor suits awakened considerable interest last week, so we
wil1 display them a few davs longer. Every mother should see the
v Y^isliiliiiiilillr exclusive styles we are offering and learn our low prrces.
A* $3.50— All-wool mixed tweeds in four spring patterns; ages
imf^^ 3' to IO ' s *'k em t> ro 'dered star on collar, anchor and bars on shield;
wM$M W&Wi si! k !anyard and whistle with each suit. Also blue serge sailors; all
ifram wfnHi ' w0 °l» * ast c °l° re d> trimmed with black or white braid on collar and
SI«k» \|(if|i shield; pants lined throughout; lanyard and whistle; ages 3 to 12.
JjiSr g|l| At $4.00— All-wool, fast-colored blue serges, with black or
«3 »||| white braid on collar and anchor on shield; black silk tie at collar;
HM HI - $^*^^ — Heavy storm serges made up similar to the $4 suit,
Jill ilk. At $5.00— Oxford gray cheviots, French flannels arid serges, in
liik a great variety of trimmings, such as embroidered designs, soutacheand
GBr , braids to harmonize wirh the color of the material in the suit; ages 3 to 7
"See trap windows '¦'•' "^k k' ¥'"'-"¦"'' " • * Out-of-town orders
ing. Note qualities V_|j / W H*-r \Jr ILJr ffiO fa 13^* ing, furnishings cr
. 718 Market Street.: . < " Line's Move.
LOS ANGELES;, April 8.— J, Ross Clark
and Vice President Gibbon of the San
Pedro." Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road -were seen to-day in regard to the
action of -the Oregon Short Line- in com
mencing to build from Uvada to Los An
geles. They expressed no. surprise, saying
the move had been expected as an ftifort
to head off the new road and would not
be successful. Clark's road will maintain
all its rights in court when necessary and
will proceed with its work without re
gard to the action of its rivals. *
Stabbed in Barroom.
BAKERSFIELD, April 8.— Harry Scott
a carpenter, was. stabbed in the, back whila
standing a # t' the baY of a downtown saloon
last night. He probably will die. His as
sailant is unknown and the reason for the
assault is a mystery. ¦
¦ < \- ¦¦ ' .. . ' • • — ' * ' ¦
Guards in Battalion Drill.
PETALUMA, April 8.— A battalion drill
was held" here to-night by Companies C
and E of the Fifth Regiment, Major Jul
liard commanding. The visitors were en
tertained at a banquet and jinks.
Construction of Salt Lake Road Will
Proceed Despite the Short
MAKES NO CHANGE. IN
THE PLANS OF CLARK
SEATTLE; April 8.— The new torpedo
boat destroyer Goldsborough, recently
finished at Portland, Ore., to-day ran
her second speed trial over the prescribed
course in" this harbor. She attained a
speed= of 31.84 knots, the requirement be
ing but 30 knots. 'The builders are much
pleased with this success and claim that
their boat has broken the record for- her
type, which -was formerly held ¦ by the
Dahlgren, built at Bath. Me. Cardiff coal
was used and the engines and boilers
worked to perfection. ; .
Goldsborough Exceeds Contract Re
quirements on Her Trial
Trip!
TASTEST OF TORPEDO
BOAT DESTROYERS
SAN DIEGO, April £.— The effort of
Katherine Tingley and the students of
tlieosophy at the Universal Brotherhood
headquarters on Point Loma to elevate
tho tone> of the stage by placing before
"the people a "sacred Jrama did not seom
to neet the support '.rat their high pur
pore gave th« particir-ants a right to ex
pect. The attendance to-night was lig-h*.
and this afternoon, when the children of
the Raja Yoga school- put on a children's
play, it was still Iighttr.
The second drama was given the name
"The Conquest of Death," and the partici
pants reDresented the shades of old Greok
philosophers who, in a gathering !n the
Elysian fields, discussed rewards of right
living. During the discussion an oracle is
declared which foretells a renewal or"
Greek mysteries and knowledge among a
people having their h->me on 'Point Loma—
the Thepsophists. . The play will be re
peated to-morrow ni§hl.
Light Attendance at Performances
Given by Theosophists in
San Diego.
"UNAPPRECIATED EEFOB.T ' .
TO ELEVATE THE STAGE
LOS ANGELES; April 8.— The City
Council by a vote of 7 to 2 has denied the
liquor, men's petition for Sunday, opening
of saloons.
No Sunday Saloons.
.LONDON; April S.'— At the first. day of
the Manchester Easter meeting to-day
the Lancashire .handicap steeplechase of
200 sovereigus, distance three miles and a
half, was won by J. Lonsdale's bay geld
ing Coragh Hill, E. J. Percy's gray mare
Bonnie ¦ Dundee was ! second and R.\ F.
Hunt's brown gelding Grand Attack was
third. Fourteen horses ran.
LONDON; April 6.-At the first day of
the Kemton Park Easter meeting the
Queen's prize handicap of 1500 sovereigns
for 3-year-olds and upward, run over the
New Jubilee course, of one mile and a
quarter, was won by Leopold de Rothg
child's chestnut colt Hulcot. by Crofton:
G.-Cottre,ll's chestnut 'horse Lackford was
second and -Lord Durham's bay gelding
Osbecs , got third place. Twelve horses
ran./ F* ;, . ' ,'.' . ' . .
:' '¦"¦ ¦ . •_' ¦ ' • ' ¦'. '¦.-.¦.¦• ¦:
Lancashire . Handicap.
Captures Queen's Prize.
NEW YORK, April 8.— Terry McGovern
and a party of friends will leave here to
morrow for, San Franciscio. where he "is
to meet Oscar Gardner in a twenty-round
bout before the Twentieth Century Ath
letic Club on April 30/ The party has ar
ranged to stop over at Chicago and.Den
ver. After his bout with Gardner the
champion says he will give Frank Erne a
return match provided the Buffalo boxer
will' agree upon a reasonable weight. .
Terry , McGovern Coming.
ST. LOUIS, April 8.— Tom Jenkins of
Cleveland, champion catch-as-catch-can
¦wrestler of tHo -world, to-night defeated
Ernest Roeber of, New York, champion
Graeco-Roman wrestler of the world, in
a mixed stvle match. under the auspices
of the West Side Club for a purse of $1200.
The . bout was brought I off in the mam
moth exposition colliseum building, and
6000 enthusiastip- spectators cheered Jen-,
kins on to victory, v
The first fall, at catch-as-catch-can. was
won by Jenkins with a crotch and half
hitch hold in twenty-five and a half min
utes. Roeber won. the second fall, at the
Olympian style, with a hammer-lock .in
thirty minutes and forty seconds after a
terrific struggle. Jenkins won the third
and deciding fall, catch-as-catch-can, in
eleven minutes and forty-five .. seconds
with a half-Nelson and leg hold.
B.OEBER IS DEFEATED
BY CHAMPION JENKINS
LOS ANGELES, April 8.— H. K. Greg
ory of- the Santa -Fe has been advanced a
peg. His authority as assistant general
passenger agent, which formerly extend
ed only over the Southern California
branch of the Santa Fe system, now in
cludes all the lines west of Albuquerque.
W.-H. Matson Jr. has been- made trav
eling passenger agent, with headquarters
in Los Angeles, and John- L. Truslow,
who for some time has been located in
San Francisco, will return to Santa Bar
bara • with the title of general agent.
Notice of these changes reached here to
day from Chicago and' will take effect on
May 1. . ¦ ¦¦¦-- it
senger Agent Gregory Is
Extended,
Authority of Assistant General Pas-
SANTA FE OFFICIALS^
. GIVEN PROMOTIONS
¦RICHMOND, Va., April ' 8.— At Char
lottesville'to-day the; Yale baseball team
defeated the University, of Virginia by a
score; of 9 to 6. . •¦ • ' •;?:«-';
Yale Wins at Baseball.
CINCINNATI, April 8.— The races to
aay resulted as follows:-.
First race, seven furlongs, sellings-Prince of
Song -won. Zelma second, Marion G third.
T Second race, four and a half furlcngs— El
Giva won. Follow second, Anna Louise third.
Time, 1:00. • " .
Third race, one mile — Georgia Gardner won.
Miss Aubrey second, Tuscarosa third.. Time.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs—Horae
shoe Tobacco won, \V. G. Welch second, Jena
third. Time, 1:13. v
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Dutch Com
edian won. The Bronze Demon • second. Lord
Fraser third.. : Time, l:20%i. -.-•--
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Waterhouse
won -Banquo II second, Blenheim third. Time,
1:50.' ; • . • ¦
Hacingr at Cincinnati.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— Results at
Bennings: * «-
First race, -five and a half furlongs — The
Rhymer won; Lexington Pirate second. Boney
Boy third. Time. 1:10 4-5. '
Second race, four and' a half furlongs—Ta
mah Nawis won, Slldell second, Right Away
third.- Time, :56 4-5.
Third race, Easter • Monday steeplechase,
about two and a half miles — Queenship . won.
Prince Midas second, Bacchanal third. Time,
5 *43 ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ - - ¦ » *"¦'¦"
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling—Speed
mas won. Matt Simpson second, Lofter third.
Time, 1:30 4-5. : '
Fifth race, four and a half .furlongs, sell
ing- Honolulu won. Red Damsel second. Rons.
third. "Time, - :58 4-5. \
• Sixth race, one .mile and forty yards—Punc
tual won. -Street Boy second, Albert . Edward
third. Time, 1:50 1-5. ..
Racing at Bennings.
First race, ! six furlongs— Sevoy won, The
Rush Becond, W. J. DeBoe third. Time, 1:14%.,
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell r
ing— J^ady Bird won, Tana second. Blue Ridge
third. Tirne, :56%. -
Third race, four furlongs — Brannlgan won,
Kaloma second, Wyeth third. Time, :49%.
Fourth race, Tennessee Derby, one and an
eighth miles— Royal Victor won, Lady Schorr
second, Gaheris third. Time. 1:57.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles. ' sell
ing—Amelia Strathmore won; Albert Vale sec
ond, Little Tim third. . Time. 1:50%. I
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Fred Hesslg
won Educate second, Merriman third. Time,
1:18.
MEMPHIS," Tenn., April 8.-Before 10,000
persons T. P. Hayes' bay colt Royal Vic
tor won the Tennessee Derby at Mont
gomery Park from John F. Schorr's bay
filly Lady Schorr, with George Long s bay
colt Gaherls third. The time, 1:57, was a
very creditable performance.
The Schorr stable had named three
starters,' but. Alard Scheck and Joe Frey
were scratched and Farmer Bennett was
added to keep Lady Schorr company. Sid
dons, The Commander and Dick Burgess
were also scratched, leaving only contest
ants. The Schorr pait were held at the
prohibitive odds of 1 to 3. while 8 to 1 was
laid against Royal Victor..
After two false breaks they were sent
away to an excellent start, with Royal
Victor a head in front .of Farmer Bennett
and the others close up. Farmer Bennett
and Lady Schorr raced to the front and,'
with Royal Victor a length away, made
the running to the stretch. At this point
Winkfield sent the Hayes colt up to the
leaders, and in the run home he challenged
Lady Schorr. J.. Woods on the latter went
to the whip, but his efforts were of no
avail, Royal Victor, well ridden by Wjnk
fleld, winning handily by three parts of a
length. Gaheris made up a lot of ground
in the stretch and finished th|rd. Results:
h--=-*^D O. KRAGNESS, the famous
Olympic Club roadrider, will
"^ never participate in a cycling
¦^' event again. He is afflicted with
a "bicycle heart," and his physi
cian has informed him that it would be
suicidal for him to mount the silent steed
again. This will be disappointing news
to devotees of the wheel and especially to
his clubmates, who have pinned thefr
faith on him in many an exciting inter
club contest. • .
For the last two weeks Kragness has
been absent from his duties as an employe
of the Olympic Club on acco'unt of ill
ness. He has been resting quietly at San
Rafael and as soon as he recovers will
return to work. His illness was brought
on- by too close application, to cycling.
He was an incessant rider and was always
striving for records. Being powerfully
built and possessed of all the qualities
KOYAL VICTOR WINS
THE TENNESSEE DEBBY
LOS ANGELES, Aoril 8.— Judge Smith
of the Superior Cdurt rendered his de
cision to-day in the cases involving- the
validity of the County '.rand Jury. Judge
Smith sustains the validity of the jury,
holding that the statutes do not prescribe
a property qualification, and declaring It
as his opinion that the jury has shown no
evidences of bias. TT>e indictment? re
turned by the Grand Jury will stand and
the cases must be tried on their merits.
Sustains the Grand Jury.
. SANTA BARBARA. April 8.— Six em
ployes of Mrs. McClement's dressmaking
establishment to-dav walked out and re
fused to return to work till a member of
their Dressmakers' Union, newlv organ
ized, be reinstated. The member was the
promoter of the union and for that rea
son was discharged. The union numbers
twenty-eight of the profession.
One of Their Number Gets
Her Discharge. .
DBESSMAKEBS STRIKE
AFTEJJ FORMIUG UNION
Throw Down Their Needlss Because
Since then Kragness has been making
record rides to and from San Jose and
hag represented the winged "O" in'a score
of road events. In almost every race he
entered Kragness brought his club colors
to the front and generally distanced all
competitors. He -was always a member of
the team' entered by the Olympic Club
in the annual 100-mile relay race and was
usually given the hardest ten miles to
"negotiate," because of his great strength
and speed on the wheel. .
needed to make fast time on the wheel,
Kragness forged to the front and wa«*
conceded to be the best roadrider in the
country. His- most notable achievement
in roadriding was made on June 11, 1S99.
On that day he lewered the American rec
ord for 200 miles by four minutes. He cov
ered the distance in two hours and thirty
seven minutes less time than any other
California rider. He covered the first 100
miles in five hours and fifteen minutes,
and the "double century" in eleven hours
and thirty-seven minutes.
to thoroughly empty an oil car of gaso
line, which was being laden with crude
oil at the Four Oil Company's station,
may cost George Gray, on employe of the
company, his iife.^ As the crude oil was)
turned into the tank the gasoline and
fumes were forced to the top. Gray
climbed on top of the car with a lighted
lantern. The fumes -were ijmited and an
explosion followed, hurling- Gray high Into
the air. and injuring him seriously. After
the explosion the car caught fire and was
consumed. ¦
Oil Tank Car Explodes.
BAKERSFIELU. April 8.— The fa»lur<»
Every claim prosecuted before said commis
sion shall be presented by. petition, setting
forth concisely and without unnecessary repe
tition, the facts upon which claim Is based,
together with an Item in said acheduln setting
forth all damages claimed. Said petition shall
also state the full name, the residence and the
citizenship of the claimant and the amount of
damages sought to be recovered and shall pray
judgment upon the facts and the laws. It
shall be signed by the claimant or his attor
ney or lesral representative and be verified
by the . affidavit of the claimant., his asrent.
attorney or legal representative. It shall b*
flled with the clerk of the commission and
the prosecution of the claim shall be deemed
to have been, commenced at the date of such
filing.
sion and formulated rule 1 for the gov
ernment of the committee and attorneys
of complainants, which, when the open
session was resumed, was reported as fol
lows :
' All claims of citizens of the TJnlted . States
against Spain which the United States agreed
to adjudicate and settle by article 7. mast lx>
filed within six months from the date of sat'l
first meeting of the commission, that Is to say.
before 12 o'clock midnight, on the 8th day of
October. 1901. jfnd every claim not flled within
such time will, be forever barred, except the
claims presented within six months after tha
termination of said period, if the claimants
shall establish to the satisfaction of the com
mission good reasons for not presenting the
WASHINGTON. April 8.— The Spanish
War Claims Commission, appointed by the
President under the act of Congress ap
proved March 2, 1901. to carry into effect
the stipulations of article 7 of the treaty
between the United States and Spain at
the conclusion of the late war. met to
day. All the members of the commission
were present as follows: "W. E. Chandler,
president: G. E. r>eikma. James Berry
Wood, William A. .Maurice and William
L. Chambers.
The commission went into executive ses-
lime Is Fixed for the Filing of Pa
pers for the Adjudication of.
Losses. .
WAE CLAIMS COMMISSION
FORMULATES ITS RULES
(To-morrow night Russ and Kennedy are
to meet' Powers and Green > (15 aces),
Gleason and Levy are to play Fltzpatrick
and Cunningham (12 acres) and Duffy and
Hewson are to meet their old opponent".
Bowman and Curly.
¦Gleason- and Levy were then pitted
against Ebner and Burke and won out
handily. Gleason played the entire game
and could have won without Levy- in lhe
court. Snore 51 to 3J. Cartwrisrht and
Starr were taken into camp by Hewsori
and Duffy. . The game was- replete with
long rallies, neither team trying or dar
i.ng to "kill." Cartwright had his partner
overawed and Starr did not put up the
game that he knows how "to play. Scora
51 to 37. *
There was the usual good attendance at
the club last night and enough noise .-wa*
generated by the rooters to lift the roof
off the regulation court. The first game
of the night was full of incident. Fir. t
the lights went out; then Johnny Cun
ningham stubbed his toe and lastly Tom
my Kennedy broke an electric light globe
with a high toss. •' Cunning-ham and Fitz
patrick played a fairly good game. . but
were outclassed by Russ .and Kennedy.
Rnss did not extend himself until he saw
the score creeping . toward the winning
mark. His playing was then of high or
der. ~Seore 51 to 32.
The doubles handball tournament now
on at the Olympic Club is drawing to a
close. Of the thirty-eight men entered
but ten remain to contest for first and
second prizes! On Sunday next the final
games will be played, but the teams to
participate in the finals will not be known
until to-morrow evening, -when the semi
finals win be played.
HANDBAIX TOURNAMENT
DRAWING TO A CLOSE
First race— Master Cal, Cerro Santa, Tilt.
Second race— Lass of Langton, Lulette, Ora
tossa.
Third race— Lizzella, Rio Chlco, Twinkler.
Fourth race — Princess Titania, Satin Coat,
Matilda O.
Fifth race— Dangerous Maid,~- Hagerdon, Dr.
Cave.
Sixth race-^-Maggie Davis, Hermoso, Phoe
nissa. . • .• . ' ''.',:
Probable "Winners.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
(2202)Mocorito loM 2171 Jerid... :..no
2223 Tame Irlsbmn..lO7 2226 Masririp Davis. .103
2183 Boundlee 107 2220 Vohicer... 110
2211 Our Lizzie 105 2242 Hermoso 110
(2241)Puckoy 107 2209 Doublet. ..1D7
ClS3)Pboenissa 103 2241 High Hoe.. 105
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; purse:
(2214)Danger's Maid.!04| 2223 MacGyle 101
2243 Dr. Cave 104' 2224 Ilagerdon. 109
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; three- year-olds;
celling:
21S2 David S....- 1091 2170 Satin Coat 110
"212 Billy Lyons 107 2265 Pr'css TItanla..lO7
2254 Thornwlld 107! 222S Phil Arctaibald.110
Matilda O... 1051
Third race— One and a quarter miles; four
y«-ar-olds and upward: selling:
22S0 Lizzella ...110^ 2240 Dr MaTks.-. 112
2233 Koenip 112 2238 Rio Chlco.. ..'... 1)2
(2234)Twinkler 116 2247 Cue Ill
'230 Faunette ...110 -2143 Florablrd
2250 Rio Shannon... Ill 2253 Will Fay 10S
Second race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse:
"237 Achilles: AK ,2239 Silesian 107
•>256 Lulette. . ....110 21S9 Phil Crlmmins.107
1S90 Grah'm Greene.110 2243 Minerva.... .....110
•^>37 Frank Bain.... 107 22359 Oratossa 110
•"116 You You 104 2123 Sno-wberry 110
Va Divina M< : ••.- Lass of Langtn.110
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
oMs; pelline:
.... Mill Valley 11T[ 2199 Aphrodis 117
~°K9 tjU 1141 224R Cathrn<> Bravo.lli
BSS Carlovingrian.-.IU 1922 Cerro Santa. ...119
'"4S Carrie Lucas.. .112 2114 Road Agent.. ..117
2014 Triple Cross.. ..II! 1 2124 La Calma 112
1954 Libbie Elkins..ll2 2236 Master Cal 113
J. Ransch now;, has .Willie .-.Martin as
mentor and his work in the saddle of late
has shown marked improvement.
Fifteen books cut in, a falling off of twc.
Paul Ridley and Bill Shannon were the
absentees. ' . *
Winnie O'Connor piloted two winners
and twice finished on place horses.
Track Notes.
Nash Turner rode Alzura, the Legg &
Ryan stable favorite for the final sprint,
and the filly scored easily. Princess Ti
tania led out Sublime three lengths for
the place.
Although on. Thursday last, at a mile
and a quarter and ¦ over a heavy track.
Gauntlet gave Scotch Plaid a decisive
drubbing, the latter turned the tables on
Billy Randall's charge* in the mile and a
furlong. • Gauntlet posed as favorite
throughout the betting and could never
better third position. Ransch took tie
lead early with Plaid and had speed to'
burn as he parsed the stand, two lengths
in advance of Dr. Bernays. Topmast ran
as if his corns hurt him. and The Phoeni
cian also cashed in without a struggle.
Much dissatisfaction was expressed over
the ride Mounce gave Cromwell in the
seven furlong run, won by Astor, the
odds-on choice. The Jatter came home gal
loping, with the tardy arriving Cromwell
beaten a nose for the place by Homage,
a 1(5 to 1 shot. It looked as if Mounce
could have made more earnest efforts ;n
get closer to the leader during the earlier
stapes of the race. The bov.-was-ques
tioned by the judges and said the hor:e
possessed no speed.. :
Mounce Creates Dissatisfaction.
Sam Hildreth's colt Ogle closed a slight
choice over Legal Maxim for the half-mile
dash, but could get no closer up thar
third at the wire. After Victoria S had
cut out the running, the winner turned
up in San Lution. a 15 to 1 shot, with R.
Murphy in the saddle, which won cleverly.
Legal Maxim made a poor, showing.
'The' delightful weather and a somewhat
fetching- card drew a large crowd. Favor
ijes, .began the : week . by annexing throe
purses. Besides -Beau Ormonde, San Lu
tion and'- Scotch/ Piaid replenished the
larger ot the-long-shot- players^ The three
horse dVfciifwas^-declared off -ajtd -a seven
furlong selling affair ' substituted'^:': V •
Andrattus -^looked like '"oil from the
can'-' to .'taic.e' the.- first : : scramble at five
furlongs, still the ring laid- even monsy
against the fast sprinter. Winnie O'Con
nor had ' the' mount, and taking, his time
to : the paddock, then went on and won
easily. • Flatterer, a '30 to '1' shot, finish'c-1
second, in front of Tony Lepping.
BY F. E. MULHOLL AND.
BEAU ORMONDE, the son' of Or
monde and Miss Brummel.
owned by W. O'B. Macdonough.
captured the highweight -hand'
.' * .' ' " cap. from a select bunch of sprin
.ters at Tanxoran yesterday, witlrtaston
ishing ease.. ¦¦ No one gave the aristocrati
cally bred ;. three-year-old with >his 112
pounds^ iterious thought, and 151 to 1
against "his Chances went begging-. The
buJk , of the .heavy betting was confined
to Vulcain, the 8 to 5 favorite, with O'Con
nor up, and Yellowtail, hacked from '4 to
5 to 2. Willie Martin made his reappear
ance in the saddfe In this event on Gibral
tar, : but. his jinount- was never much of a
factor. When Dick.JDwyer sent the field
away, Thorpe shot'to the front with Beau
Ormonde,-.' and - opening -up ; six - legths of
: daylight, won almost. -under, restraint a
the close; in. -1:19%. Vulcain f - .-'had .^ some
work in jbeatlrig- out Dandyi Jim -for tho
place:, while; Yellowtail % proved a dismal
failure. •¦ The winner's time constitutes a
new 'track record, and Is dangerously
qlostej to.. Uie' coast' record of 1:19 3-5, made
some years. ago by Geraldine. . .; -..
I , Favorites Annex -Three Purses.
MANILA. April «.— General MacArthur
says it is impossible to make a statement
concerning Aguinaldo now. It Is possible
that Aguinaldo will soon be removed from
the Malacanan Palace to a large house
with Dleasar.t grounds. No. 56 General
folano street, a fashionable quarter of
the city, beside the Pasig River, which is
being renovated and prepared for occu
pancy.
Aguinaldo if= purchasing diamonds and
r-ther jewelry- He continues to receive
certain visitors, but newspaper corre-
Fnondentp are excluded. It is said that
the manifesto which Aguinaldo has been
preparing has not yet been signed and it
is added that Aguinaldo- is reluctant to
romi-ily with the conditions. It appears
that the majority of the Filipinos in Ma
nila distrust Aguinaldo and dislike to see
him accorded special .favors. They say
he ought to be s-everelv punished.
Gereral Sandico, a former member of
Agulnaldo's cabinet, has surrendered to
the American authorities at Cabanatuan,
!ti the province of Nueva Ecija. He has a
ban 1 record and may be tried.
The trial of M. Brix Hoeltexman, the
Belgian, who was connected with the
Philippine Trading Company and -whose
arrest on the charge of furnishing sup
plies to the insurgents was announced
February 19. haf been completed. The
evidence of the Filipino Colonel TJerrera,
who recently surrendered, clinched the
nrosertition. He testified that Hoelter
p>an liac* furnished money and rice sup
r>llr? to the insurgents.
Former Keb«?l Leader Has an Easy
Time in Manila.
AGUINAXDO BUYS GEMS.
tion between the President and the Gov
ernor. There will J>e a sTeat deal of busi
ness with which the President cannot
burden himself, and seme Cabinet officer
•will be selected to have charge of the
Philippines as well as otber insular af
fairs.
Authority over the islands probably will
b«? exercised bv the President through
Secretary Root, as the Secretary already
is familiar vsith the sovernmental ma
chinery of the islands.* More than .till*
the law specifically assorts that military
as w^ll as civil and judicial powers shall
be exercised in the islands, and it is not
believed feasible to divide the responsi
bility, "as for many years to come then?
must be joint and harmonious action by
the civil and miltarv authorities. There
already has grown up -n the War Depart
ment sinoe the Spanish war a division of
insular affairs which h?3 had- in charrje
all matters pertaining to the civil opera
tions, not only in the 'Philippines but in
Cuba. •
Control by War Department.
At present Lieutenant Colonel Edwards
is in charge of this division and his fa
miliarity with conditions in the ' Philip
pines, he having 1 spent a great <3eaJ of
time there, makes him a valuable omciaL
It is probable that if the Philippines be
ndminiftered through the War Depart
ment Colonel Edwards will continue in
oharce of the division.
The fact that the actual control o* the
Philippine? will remain in the War De
partment does not mean that Governor
Taft will have his power curtailed. Neces
sarily the President will remain the court
of last resort for ever'-thins relating to
the islands, but the Governor and his
Council will exercise i^ie broadest author
ity, and much that heretofore has been
submitted to Washington for determina
tion "by thff militarv Governor General
and the Taft Commission is expected to
be settled by the Governor. Council and
the Executive Assembly, should one be
thought necessary. The general belief
rxpressed here ip that the Governor and
Council will be about ail the government
necessary.
.WASHINGTON. April S.— Tha new;;
from Manila regarding the establishment
of civil soverriinent is in accord with in
formation already made, public here 1 that
the new Philippine Government will be
established about July 1.
Immediately upon the passage of the
army appropriation Mil. the entire Spoony
er amendment •was cabled to "the Taft'
Commission, and the- ooinmission was 'di
rected lo prepare -a plan' for the govern-;
ment of the islands in accordance with
the law. This plan has rot yet been com-,
pleted, but it is exp^cteii to be about .the
time of the return of the commission' ty
Manila, and it will be cabled (here foraj
proval or amendment- The civil govern-,,
meet proposed wiU not be very elaborate,
but sufficient to meet the. present require
ments.
One of the most interesting: features is:
the question as to who tyM be in supreme
authority tinder the President.-; The la.w.
says that "all military, civil and judicial
powers ¦necf'ssary to govern the Philip-
pfne Islands shall be "t-sted-in .such per
son and persons as the President .may
suggest." The language has been weighed
very carefully and toe designation "per
6on" followed by "persons" is taken to
mean that the President shall name some
one to have supreme command under hia
own direction, and that the persons shall
be those acting under that, command.
• Governorship for Taft. •
Judge Taft, it !s jnderstood, is to be
the Governor of the Ssl^nds. but it will be
necessary to have some one in Washing
ton to act as the medium of communica-
TAFT WILL RULE
THE PHILIPPINES
Official in Washington to
Act., as'. Medium <_ of
Communication.
Probability That the , x>i
War Will Exercise Iiluch Author
ity in the Island Gov
ernment
Joe Hill. vs. Jockey Bennett, 110 pound?,
four rounds; E. M. • Edwards vs. • Jason
McNiell. 125 pounds, four rounds; Jim
Griffin vs. Tom Maguire, 125 pounds, four
rounds; Billy McDonald vs. Ed Jones, 135
pounds, four rounds; Young Moffatt vs.
Jack Evans, 135 pounds, four rounds; Pete
Coleman vs. Ted Wolff, 135 pounds, four
rounds; Mike Curtin vs. Reddy Kelly. 140
pounds, four rounds; Ivy March vs. Jack
Barrett, 145 pounds, four rounds.
On Friday evening next the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club will hold its monthly
exhibition in its clubrooms, 317 Sixth
street. The following well-known ama
teurs will try conclusions:
The Reliance Athletic Club will hold its
monthly boxing exhibition in its club
rooms at Oakland this evening. Lewis
Long and Jack McMurray will meet in n
six-round curtain-raiser at 1 121 pounds;
"Kid" McFadden and "Chick" Finnerry
will try conclusions in a fifteen-round
bout at 118 pounds and Tommy Cox and
Tom Herman will meet in the third: event
of the . evening. Herman and Cox fought
before the club ~in. February and Cox won
in. what- was said to be the fastest bout
ever fought before the Oakland club.
Reliance Club Bouts.
•McGovem and his manager, Sam Har
ris, started for San Francisco on Sundny
and will arrive here -within five days.
When Terry reaches here he will be the
recipient of all kinds of challenges. Billy
Lavigne, in behalf of "Kid" Lavigne. the
ex-lightweight champion; Frank Erne,
the ex-champion' lightweight: Manager.
Bishop, in. behalf of Toby Irwin; George
Garding, in behalf of • Tim Hegerty, tn-i
Australian featherweight' chamnion, an-1
a score of other champions will fling dares
into the face of the redoubtable Brooklyn
whirlwind. '.
McGovern. Measurements. Gardner. .
5 feet 3 inches Height 5 feet 3 inches
120 pounds". Weight..! 116 pounds
14% inches......... "...Neck .¦ 16 inches
33% inches ." Chest— Normal 35 - Inches
35% Inches ........Chest— Expanded. .37 inches
27% inches. :¦. .....Waist..' 27 Inches
19% inches :..... Thigh 19% inches
13 inches ..Calf 13 inches
12 inches ...Biceps....- 12% inches
10 inches Forearm 10 inches
63 Inches Reach 63 inches
Fighters Compared,
Oscar Gardner, who is to box Terry Me-
Govern before the National Athletic Club
on the 30th of this month, began training
at Croll's Gardens, Alameda, yesterday,
under the direction of Joe Bernstein.'
Gardner and Bernstein will box and wres
tle and do plenty of road work. Oscar is
confident that he can defeat McGovem.
He claims he was cheated out of a victory
when he met McGovem in New York a
year ago. He said he knocked Terry down
in the first round with a left hook and
the Brooklyn wonder remained down four
teen seconds. Gardner says that when h<?
knocked McGovem off his feet he : was
close to the ropes and in order. to give
McGovem a chance to rise :to his 'feet he
stepped over his prostrate body. - McGbv
ern grabbed his leg and held on until his
brain cleared. Gardner says he was so
disgusted at the treatment accorded him
that he lost all heart and McGovem haJ
no troubl-e putting him away' in three
rounds. Following are the measurements'
c-: the two men taken at the time of their
memorable battle:
Gardner Starts Training.
Neill expresses a willingness to box
Tommy Ryan, George Gardner or "Dutch' 1
Thurston. Manager Bishop is willing to
back Al against any cf the trio. Bishop
looks upon Irwin as one of the coming
lightweights of the country. So sanguine
is he that Toby will reach the top that
h« is willing to pit the "Telegraph Hill '
boxer against Terry McGovern, Bishop
accepts Joe Bernstein's challenge in- lie
half of Irwin and will match his man
against the Eastern featherweight at the
same weight agreed to in the articles that
were to have been signed at Hot Springs,
Ark. U
Al Neill and.. Toby Irwin, accompanied
by "Biddy" Bishop, their manager, ar
rived in \his city last Sunday evening and
were around town yesterday receiving
welcoming greetings from their friends.
Xeill and Irsvin had a fairly good season
in the East, but are heartily glad to get
back to San Francisco. Both are now
anxious to try conclusions with local as
well as Eastern boxers and are in hopes
of being matched by the local clubs. ,
Oscar ; Gardner Begins Training.
Many Challenges in Store for-
Terry . Iff cGovern— Amateur „. V
Club Bo'uts. . ,
Clever Boxers Home From
a • Successful Tour
in the East.
NEILL AND IRWIN
SEEKING MATCHES
HOXOLTJLI". ADril 2.— Robert W. Wll
cox. Hawaii's delegate to Congress, ar
rived home to-day on the transport Han
cock. He is here on- a short visit, intend
ing to return to Washington in May. Wil
cox is exDected. as leader of the Home
Rule party, to bring tQgether the divided
elements of the party, and the Independ
ents hope that his visit here will result
in healing the splita ' of the party that
have so far prevented the transaction of
business hi the Legislature.
Chinese Consul Yang Wai Pin has in
sued a proclamation, said to be based
upon circulars received from Minister Wu
Ting Fang at Washington, ordering all
members of the Bow Wong "Wui, or Chi
nese Reform Society, to call upon him
and forswear allegiance to the society, on
penalty of having all their relations In
China arrested and thrown into prison if
they refuse. Of the Chinese in the Islands
over S000 are enrolled members of the Bow
Wong Society, and tney are generally dis-:
posed to defy the Consul. Some of them
have already received news of the arrest
of their relatives in China.
The bark Topgallant was sold at auc
tion on the 2Sth of last March, being
knocked down, for $1100. She came here
from Manila after having put in there in
distress from Hqngkong and having been
disabled again after leaving Manila. She
was bought in by her owners, but has
since been sold again, and is now held
by A. L. C. Atkinson and Harry Evans
of this city. She may be refitted and put
in the Laysan Island trade.
The death of a Japanese woman last
Fndnv night is being investigated as a
suspected case of bubonic plague. Her
disease was diagnosed by the attending
physician as typhoid-pneumonia, but post
mortem examinations, together with the
symptoms in. the case, led the Board of
Health to suspect plague. Experiments
are being made with cultures of bacilli
and the result will be known in a few
days.
A general strike of mates of the ves
sels engaged in the interisland trade has
tied up many of the vessels. The mates
employed by the Interisland Steam Navi
gation Company and Wilder Steamship
Company on over twenty vessels have all
struck for higher wages. The men were
only recently given United States certifi
cates to allow them to fill the positions
they occupy and are about all the licensed
mates- here. They want the coast wages
of $90. ?76 and $60 a month for first, sec
ond and third mates. They have been
getting $65,- $40 and $30. Both companies
are holding out. though to-day mo.jt of
their vessels are unable to leave port.
DELEGATE MAY
RESTORE PEACE
?
Arrival of Wilcox in Hawaii
Likely to Bring More
•Harmony.
Members of the Chinese Reform So
ciety in the New Territory Will
• Probably Have Serious
Trouble.
Favqrites^iDi vidfe Honors With Outsiders at
Tariforan===WilHe Martin in the Saddle.
i. — ; : — • •--'••'• ¦ * I • " - - "¦ i" .
FAST SPRINTERS FINISH
BEHIND BEAU ORMONDE
KRAGNESS MAY NEVER
RIDE A WHEEL AGAIN
Road rider Afflicted With a "Bicycle Heart"
and Is Warned to Forego Cycling.
THE SAN. ' FEANCISCO: CALL, TUESDAY, APML 9, 1901.
CHAMPION LONG-DISTANCE WHEELMAN, WHO WILL. NEVER TAKE
PART IN A CYCLING EVENT AGAIN, AS HE IS THE. VICTIM OF A
"BICYCLE HEART." ' .
Betting— Alzura, 9-10; Princess Titania/ 2;
Sublime, 10; Lily Diggs, 40; Luca, 30; Nellie
Forest, 15; Birdie Stone 100.
Time— 14. :23U; %. :35%: %. 1:01. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. Legg & Ryan's b. f. by Emperor of JCor
folk-Miss Baldwin. Alzura had most speed.
Princess ran her race. So did Sublime.
22OS. SIXTH RACE-Five furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds fillies; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin
2127 Alzura, 115 Turners 11 11 1 1U
(221S)P. Titania. 115. O'Connor 2 3 h 2 2 2 3.
2195 Sublime. 115 Thorpe 4 4 2 3 1 3 4
2045 Lily Diegs, 113..... Ruiz 12 1 4 4 4 3
2248 Luca. 115 Mounce 6 6 4 5 2 5 5
2204 N. Forest, 113. ...Shields 3 5 14 6 % 6 1
2254 B. Stone.- H5....Wedrstd 7 7 7 7
Eetting— Scotch Plaid. 9: Dr. Bernays. 18-5;
Gauntlet. 11-5: Tonmast. 7-2; The Phoenician,
9-2; McXamara, 100.
Time— %' :13y 4 ; y, :25%; 14. :50U: %. 1:15>4:
m. 1:41%; l%m. 1:53. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner. Burns &
Wa'terhouse's b. g. by imp. Midlothian-Mottle.
Plaid showed improvement. Dr. Bernays a
bit short. Topmast was sore apparently. The
Phoenician quit parly. Scratched— Morinel 98.
Edeardo 99. Rio Chico 103.
2204. SECOND RACE— One. and an eighth
miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2246 S. Plaid, 6, 108. .Ransch 5 1 % . 1 1 ¦ 1 2
1391 Dr. Bernays, 6. lOS.Dom 4 2 12 3 2 1
(224fi)Oauntlet. 5, 108.. Mounce 13 1 3 2 3 ns
•J227 Topmast, a, 10S..O'Conr 2 6 2 4 M' 4 4
(2220)Phoenician, 6. HO.Conley 3 4 3 5 4 5 10 '
2175 McNamara. 4, 99.. Burke 5 6 6 6
Betting-— Beau Ormonde, 15; . Vulcain. fi-5:
Dandy Jim. 6; Meehanus. 12; Yellowtail, 5-2;
St. Wood, 7; Gibraltar. 20.
Time— 1-16. :06%; %. :23«; %. :47%; 6%f.
1:19%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, W. O'B. Macdonough's
ch. c. by imp. Ormonde-imp. Miss Brummel:
Ormonde won running away. Vulcain did his
best. Meehanus interfered with through
stretch. YellowtaJl quit. Gibraltar pocketed
at turn rieht after start. Scratched— Gonfalon
US. Dr. Cave 114.
22H.1. THIRD RACE— Six and a half fur
lonss; high weight handicap; three-year-olds
and up; purse, $450. :
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockev. St.. %.-. Str. Fin.
2244 B. Ormonde,. 3. 112.Thrpe 2 12 14 15
2245 Vulcain. 4. • 118 0'Con 3 5h 3 5j .2 1
2245 D. Jim. 3, 112... Mounce 7 ' 4 h .' 4 H 3 2
2144 Meehanus. a. 122. ...Ruiz 5 2 h 5 2 4 h
2259 Tellowtail, 4, 122. Turner 4 3 2 2h 53
2209 St. Wood, 5, 118.Drraink 6 7 6 3 6 6
(2226)Gibraltar, 6, 135.. Martin 1 6% 7 .7
22G2. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
Irdex. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. >£. Str. Fin.
2258 Astor. 6. 211.... O'Connor 4 15 110 12
. 21R2 Homape. 3, S9 Ransch 12 3 2 B 2 ns
r jK)Cromwell. a, 116. Mounce 3 5 3 8 3 8
£012 The Monk, 4. lOS.Domnk^ 4 2 4 4 4 10
2148 Commuter. 3, 89.. Adams 5 3 h 5 5
2233. Sinn. 3. 99.... Murphy 6 Pulled up...
." Time— U, :23>.i ; .%,. :49%; .. %. 1:02; %, j 1:29.
Ocod start. .. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. g. by
Aintree-Stephanie. Astor had -it all his own.
v. ; a'y. It looked as if- Mounce could have
ImstlPd Cromwell more the first part 'of race.
The Monk a cripple.
Betting— Astor. 7-10: Homage. 16: Cromwell,
u-2; The Monk, 10; Commuter, 500'; Sinn, .6.
2261. SECOND RACE-Four furlongs; sell
irg:;. -two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Irdex. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str.. Fin.
?243 San Tuition,*. 105.. Murphy 121 2 % 1 %
2119 Victrota S, 105JDominlck 3 12 11 2 2
2243 Ogle. .108 Conley 5 5 5.32 3 n
(2«W)Ton»o Maid. 10fi.. Thorpe 2 3h 41 4 2
2237 Hainault lOo.Weddrstnd 7 1 Vz 6 1 5 3
2147 Legal Maxim 103.0'Con 4 4 h 5 3 6 10
. 2243 Sir Claus, 108 Butler 9 9 8 Vi 7 h
2243 Monastic, 105 Logue 8 8 19 '8 n
2243 Contestant. 105...Mounce 6 6 4:7% 9
Tinje— *i. :23%: >4, :4S%. ' Bad start. 'Won
first, three -driving-. Winner. .James Wilson's
b. g. by Santiago- Revolution. Winner well
ridden and promising. . Victoria S. bumped- at
start. Ogle ran his race. | Legal Maxim ran
as 'if sore. Contestant ran a very poor race.
Scratched— Huaehuca 108, Maraschino 10S. Dan
Collins 1C5.
Betting— San Lutlon. 15; Victoria S. 8; Ogle.
11-5; Torso Maid, 15; Hainault, 7; Legal
Maxim, . r .-2; Sir Claus, 150; Monastic, 25; Con
testant, 7. .
Betting— Andrattus. 1: Flatterer. 30:- Tony
Loppinp, 10: Small Jack. 2r Illilouon.. 30; Can
tinus. l£0; Gaylon Brown 80;' Berendos, 100. ,
Time— 1-16, :06%; 3-16. :18'4: 7-16. :42: 54f.
1-0?. Gocd start. .Won easily. . Second and
third driving. Winner, Carruthers & Shields'
b. g. by Imp. St. Andrew-Ottyana. Andrattus
T.cn «U leisure when ready. Flatterer regain
ing his form. Too short for Tony. Small Jack
a ba d one. : . ' » -
,1901.— Weather fine, track fast.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur
lrngs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $400. •
Index. Horse, TVt. Jockey. St. Vi- Str. Fin.
2176 Andrattus, 105.. O'Connor a 3 h 3 % 11
2244 Flatterer, 105 Ransch 7 4 3 4 3 2 %
£2F,4 Tony L*ppln*. lOS.Mnce 17 2 7 5 3 2
21S2 Small Jack. lOo-Dominek 3 1 h 1 h 4 3
2229 Illilouon. 106 Thorpe 2 8 8 5h
2232 Cantinus. lO5..Weddstnd 6 6 % 6% 65
1918 Gaylpn Brown, lOa.Conly 4 2 1 2 2 7 %
2236 Berendos. 10o.......Flynn S ' 5 1 5h 8
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANFOKAN PARK— Monday, April 8,
SAXTA BARBARA, April 8.— Frank N.
Gutierres.'a prominent Spanlsh 7 American
citizen and for many years City Clerk, nas
mysteriously disappeared. He has noc
been seen for a week and a search for the
missing'man has been instituted by rela
tives, aided by the Chief of Police." Tfis
family is at a loss to account for his dis
appearance, as his business is in good
shape. It is not believed that he has met
foul play. ... . ¦
" ¦ •¦" • • *
Santa Barbara* Man Missing.
4
Mr. ICed Nelson, the celebrated Irish Cotte-
dian and Mimic, of 577 Royden Street, Camden.
N. J . M-rites : "We fulfilled an engagement of
twelve weeks and the constant traveling gave
mr a bad touch of that dreaded disease called
dyspepsia. I had tried everything possible to
cu-e 1*; till last week, while- playing at B. F.
Keith's Bijcu Theater,- Philadelphia, in the
N'lsoa Trio, a professional frienaof mine ad-
v\j-ed i.ie to try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery. I tried it, and. thank God, -with good
results."
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
enables the assimilation of all the nutri-
tive values of the food eaten, and so
builds up the body into sound healti
and strength. - .'
I* vSl jproperly digested
>j^ j and cannot be per-
fectly assimilated, so
that there is a daily loss of nutrition,
¦which in time will result in physical
collapse. . . ,
suit of hasty eating
and irregular «aeals
is "weak" stomach,
and a "weak" stom-
ach means a weak
man. When the
stomach is " weak -'
the food eaten is not
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To make a living! And -we stand and
stare up at the man in the clouds, won-
dering that any man can be so fool-
P -_.....—. ,.^m. hardy, But what of
yff/ the business man,
iu II j who has barely time '
J3j// to snatch a hasty
fg/ meal, and gulps
\\ down a lunch of pie
I and milk- in a few
\ I minutes? He too, is
j A risking his life to
' tf3 make a living. Life
jL/J * s sustained by food
ri h projjerH' digested and
y\^/i assimilated. The re-
Dr, Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. ,
f-1 HI /» a an art i st i c shirt designer in New York. It will &j
II Hi • ¦ . be THE srolf shirt this summer. $j
|1 fe^ * ts predominating feature is its plaited h|
!' 9^ bosom; comes in white, with white plaits, over- M
f 1 , t " .' '~ ' • "• laid with plaits of ¦ pink, blue and lavender; Ml
J 2iso in solid colors of pink, blue and lavender, with pjaits of same ||
¦ color overlaid with white plaits; material throughout is jrood quality frs
1 of cambric and sateen; the colors will not fade; as will be seen the si
m body comes in solid colors and .in white, the striped effect of the f]
I plaits being only, on the bosom; all sizes; a pair of separate link p
H It's a swell shirt at a moderate price. |j
H Out-of-town orders filled— write us. 13
H , 718 Market Street. ,\Steamer Movements.
s
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, . except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs, t The heights given
are in addition to tho soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters
TO ARRIVE,
TO SAIL.
ican ports with a. general cargo valued at $52,
928. including the following:
28 cs assaying material, 21 cs acid, 17 cs
baking powder, 10,036 lbs beans, 1S3 bales bags,
1228 lbs bread, 16.776 lbs bluestone. 33 cs canned
goods. 7 tons, coal, 10 cs coal oil, 100 bbls ce
ment. 16 coils cordage, 82 cs drugs, 12 cs dry
goods. 11 cs electrical supplies, 11 cs fruit, 10
cs fuse. 1341 pkgs groceries and provisions, 355
cs hardware. 5 bales hose, 275 bales hay, 119
bars iron. 41,097 feet lumber, i 19 pigs lead, 316
pkgs machinery. 2015 lbs malt, S9 cr millwork,
79 kegs nails, 24 cs oil, 90*cr onions. 418 cr
potatoes,- 6S cs paint, 46 bales paper, 58 cs
paste. 145 bdls pipe, 2106 prunes, 50 ctls
rolled barley, 250 flasks - quicksilver, 14
bars, 16 bdls steel, 20 ' pkgs ship chand
lery, 5106 lbs sulphur, 11 cs stationery, 2270
lbs soda, 22,000 lbs sugar, 19. bdls spices. 1S99
bdls shooks. 4S6 lbs tea, 30,670 lbs tallow, 35
pigs tin, 4643 gals, 156 cs wine, 85 cs whisky,
145 bdls wire.
An Additional Manifest.
In addltloq .to cargo previously reported the
steamer Umatilla, which sailed Saturday for
Victoria, carried 344 pkgs fruit, 261 pkgs, 507S
lbs butter, 1009. lbs cheese, 28 cr cabbage. 8726
lbs dried fruit, 63 bxs raisins. Value, $426 i.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Monday, April 8.
Strsr Newburg, Erickson, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor. . '"
Stmr WentDort, Ericsson, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 84 hours from
Tacoma.
Stinr China. Seabury, 26 days from Hong
kong:, via Yokohama 16 days, via Honolulu
5 <lays.
Stmr Coronada, Johnson, 62 hours from, Urays
Harbor.
Bark Annie Jo!inson, Nelson, 18 days from
Hilo.
Schr Mary C, S hours from Bodega.
CLEARED.
Monday, April 8.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle; Pollard &
Dodre.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, April 8.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr George W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Schr Maria E Smith, Nilson, Bristol Bay.
POINT LOBOS, April 8 (10 p. m.)— Weather
clear; wind KW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr China— March 29. lat '28.25 N\ long
176.40 W, Nlc bktn J C Pfluger, from Newcas
tle, Aus., for San Francisco, wished to be re
ported. April 3 (midnight) met stmr Sonoma
for Australia. April 2 (8:25 a. m.), stmr Gae
lic,, for China. April 7 (S:J7 a, m.), met U S
army transport.
DOMESTIC PORTS. *
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed April 8— Br bark
Collin^rove, for — .
PORT HA DLOCK— Sailed April 8-Stmr Robt
IKdlar. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Arril 7— Stmr Centennial,
hence April 4; Stmr Humboldt, from Skaguay.
April 3— Stmr City of Seattle,' from Skaguay;
schr Martha W Tuft, from Yukutat.
Sailed April 7— Br ship Carradale, for Ta
coma.
SOUTH BEXD— Sailed April 8— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 30— U S stmr
Kintuck. from Portland, Or. March 31— Bark
Hesper. from Newcastle, Aus; bktn Archer,
hence March 17; bark Kaulani. hence March
15; bark Albert, hence March 18. April 1—
U S stmr Hancock, hence March 23 ; bark
Sonoma, from Newcastle, Aus; Stmr China,
from China: stmr City of Peking, hence March
26. Off port March 28— U S stmr Pak Ling,
hence March 22; March 29 — Stmr Santa Ana.
from Seattle.
Sailed March 21— Bktn S G Wilder, for San
Francisco; U S stmr Pak Ling, for Manila.
March 28— Stmr Pennsylvania, for Manila; bark
\V* B Flint, for San Francisco. April 3— Bark
Alden iJesse, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived April 8— Schr 6adie, from
San P»dro.
EVERETT— Sailed April 8— Bark Oakland,
for fcan Francisco.
roni' BRAGG — Arrived April S— Stmr Na
tional City, hence April 7. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April • 6— Schr
Fred J Wood, from Pavta, April 7— Schr Jen
nie Stella, hence March 20; schr O A Thayer,
from San Pedro: .schr W J Patterson, hence
March J2: schr San Buenaventura, from San
Pfdro; schr .las A Garfleld. hence" March 22.
Sailed April 7— Stmr Coquille River, for San
Francisco; schr Jennie Thelin, for San Fran
cisco; schr William Olsen, for San Pedro; bktn
Portland, for San Pedro; schr Reporter, for
San Pedro; schr Charles R.Wilson, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Cleared April 3 and sailed April
4— Br ship Ilala, for Durban; Br ship Gloos
cap, for Melbourne.
Arrived April 4— Br ship Alice A Leigh, from
Victoria. April 8— Br ship .Carradale, from
Seattle: stmrs Washtenaw and Centennial,
henc-e April 4.
TACOMA— Arrived April 8— Stmr W H Kru
jer, frcm Tillamook.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 8-Bark Prussia, for
Bristol Bay: stmr Columbia, for Sstn Fran
cisco: Br ship Dalblair, for Queenstown.
EURKKA — Arrived April 8 — Stmrs Eureka.
Alcazar and South Coast, hence April 7; schr
liertha Dolbeer. from San Diego; stmr Alli
ance, from Coos Bay; stmr Pasadena, hence
April 6.
CASPAR— Arrived April 8— Stmr Xavarro,
hence Ai>ril 7.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 8— Br ship
Oonway, from Portland, Or, and proceeded to
Leith; bark Ventura, from Tacoma.
SALAVERRY— Sailed April 6— Schr Albert
Meyer, for Pucat Sound.
VICTORIA— Sailed April 2— Br ship Lao
mene, for Queenstown. April 3 — Nor bark
Prince Victor, for Queenstown.
NANA1MO— Arrived April &-Stmr Meneola,
from Pert Los Angeles. April 7— Stmr Milton,
hence April 3. ' •
FALMOUTH — Arrived April S — French bark
Bourbaki. hence Dec 9.
FLEET WOOD— Arrived . April 6— Br ship
Hyderabad, hence Oct 17.
LIMERICK— Arrived April &— German bark
Osterbok. from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 6— Stmr Olym
pia. from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, N S W— Arrived April 7—
Bark St James, from Melbourne.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Ayril 6— Chil stmr Li
my ri, lor San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW YORK— Arrived April 8— Stmr Bovlc.
from Liverpool.
Sailed April S— Stmr State of Nebraska, for
Glasgow.
• GENOA— Arrived April 5— Stmr Kaisow, frm
Portland. Or., via St Vincent.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April S— Stmr Sas-
CHiia. frpm Boston for 1-Iverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed April S— Stmr Barba
rossa, tor Bremen.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office, TJ. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 8. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, ' or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIKS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Oceanic Company's flail Boat Ventura Had Not Ar=
rived at the Islands When the China Sailed.
Times and Heights of High .and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later. than at Fort Point;
the height. of tide is the same at both places.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship
China arrived trom the Orient via Hono
lulu yesterday, one day ahead of time. She
left the islands on the 2d Inst., and at that
time there was no sign of the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Ventura. The Ven
tura was a day late leaving Auckland, N.
7,., ajid probably was further. delayed at
Pago Pago, Samoa, so that she may not
be looked for until this morning. Many of
the passengers booked for her came up on
the China from Honolulu.
The China brought to port, all told, 106
cabin. 00 second cabin and 171 Chinese
passengers. Among her cargo was $583,0(30
la treasure. On March 29. in latitude 28
degrees 'Sit minutes north, longitude 176 de
grees 40 minutes west, the Nicaraguan
bark J. c. Pflufcer, for San Francisco, was
spoken. At midnight April 3 the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Sonoma was spoken
and eight hours later the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's Gaelic was
parsed. The Gaelic sailed from San Fran
cisco March 30 at 1:40 p. m., having a fif
teen hours' start of the Sonoma.
The cabin passengers on the China were:
Fmra the Orient— Rev. T. T. Allen, H. M.
Blythe, U. Bobsicn, Dr. Robley. H. J. Brown,
K. X.; Captain Colby M. Chester. U. S. w.;
r. M. Chester Jr., Mrs. L.. F. Daniels, Com
mander A. de Fenlle, Vicomte de Guichen,
.Tames McKie, Heyrick A. Palmer, G. Peter-
Ira M. Remsen. Miss Rosamond, Miss G.
If. Rosamond, Miss A. A. Rosamond. C. E.
Spangler. lire. C. It. Spangler, H. V. Her
mon. Edmond HornFby. G. Hornsby. S. Horns
•<y. H. B. Hoyer. J. H. Lewis. Master E. T.
Hliansrler, lieutenant H. Tietgens. A. G. Wal
l*-r. Mrs. A. G. Waller and child, J. W'ent
jenspn. H. Yoshida.
Froid Honolulu— E. Suhr and family, Mrs.
M. E. Tennoy, Miss Holt, Mrs. E. U. Ten
r.ey, two children and nuree; Mrs. H.
<». N'oonan. Mr. and Mrs. Paul Isenberg
Jr.. Mrs. T. O. Taylor. L,ady Herron. T. R.
Wilson, Dr. O. B. Kpalding. Colonel R. C.
S|.al<iin;r. Mrs. A. H. Cathcart. Mrs. C. H.
Woolmhwrton and child, J. F. Soper. Charles
Harris. \V. T\\ Tobin, 3. H. "Wilson. Harry
Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. Gait. Miss Gait, Mrs.
Kennedy and boy. George H. Waxfield, N. D.
Hodpe. Mrs. F. W. Khalike. Mrs. C. D. AVar
ren. W. P. Wliitley, Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Hall,
H. L. Taft, Miss T. II. Taft, Mrs. Morris,
Mrs. J. I-. Maifh, three children and nurse;
I". A. Perry. S. A. Thalin and wife. Mrs. M.
Willurd. Mrs. M. M. Thies. F. J. Longfherty.
A. 4*. Young, C Girdler, wife and boy; Miss
Anna It. Reed. Mr. Schneider. V. IL Olmstead,
H. Isenlwrg Mrs. W. H. Mayo. Mrs. Jesse
Hawcs, Mrs. F. D. Clark. Miss Mable' Fichett,
Mrs. L. M. Moon. J. L. Fuller, G. W. Currier,
Mrs. V. Knudsen. J. T. Barraclough,
wife and child. Miss Barraclough, H. J.
'Hart, J. W. Pannelee. S. S. Powers. W. D.
Atf-xander Jr., T. \V. Hobron, William Watson
pnd wife, Mrs. E. J. Benjamin, Mrs. M. L.
Howard.
STEAMSHIP MATES ON STRIKE
Trouble on the Vessels of the Hawaii-
an Interisland Fleet.
AVhen the China left Honolulu on the 2d
inst. nearly all the vessels of the Inter
island Steamship Company and the
"Wilder Steamship Company were tied up
for want of officers. The> first, second and
third mates of the two fleets asked for an
advance, in pay, and when the demand
was refused they went out on strike. Men
to till thfir places were advertised for, but
ihe supply of licensed officers Is very lim
ited in the islands, so the steamships had
to tie up.
Before Hawaii became part of the Union
p. mnster mariner did not require a license
to navigate among tho islands. When an
nexation was accomplished and the laws
of the United States ruled all masters and
tnates of steamships had to pass an exam
ination and be licensed by the inspectors
of steam vessels. This threw many men
out of employirent, and sailors with cer
tificates from San Francisco* took their
places. These men now want coast wages.
n;id judging from the news brought by
the China, they are going to get them.
Disinastrd Bark Identified.
The four-masted bark sighted by the
schooner Rosamond is still causing under
writers worry. Every vessel now due on
Hie coast lias been canvassed, and the con
sensus of opinion is that the disabled boat
will probably turn out to be the German
¦four-masted bark Willy Rickmers, now
<>ut forty-live days from- Kobe. Japan, for
Portland. She is in ballast and painted
lilack. and so rills the bill as far as it goes.
It will be remembered that the British
bark Willscott was dismasted also while
on her way from Japan to Portland and
put in here under a jury rig.
Otto Gildermeister Again.
The men who gambled on the overdue
Otto Gildcrraeister are not feeling as jubi
lant as tli^y did a month ago, when the
partially dismasted vessel was towed into
Sun Dirgo. There is some talk of her be
ing condemned as a "constructive loss,"
and should this be done the gamblers may
loso their money. The bark is worth about
SKn.<tiyt. and it will cost in the neighborhood
off J-J.n/HXt to repair and refit her. The own
<-rs therefore rray elect to throw the ves
sel on the hands of the underwriters, and
in that event the gamblers may lose.
There is' not more than SD003 involved on
ilio Paeific Coast, and as the reinsurers
have made some big prollts of late they
can nffurd to lose a few dollars now.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Ross and his spiritualistic guide
were out again yesterday "looking for the
wreck (if the Rio de Janeiro. The magic
cinio ha? not vet yielded up its secret, nor
dors it seem likely to do so.
Tbe tiark Annie Johnson arrived from
Honolulu yesterday- after a passage of
'•ightoon days. She did not sight the dis
masted bark .seen by the Rosamond.
Captain Rookcg of the brig J. D. Spreck
*>ls was lying ill at Hilo when the China
¦ailed.
Tbe Austrian steamer Marianne will sail
for Barcelona. Spain, to-day.- She will ~e
the Irst vessel to ever clear from San
Francisco for that port with a load of
prain.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Cambusdoon will load wheat here for
tEuroi>e at 2l>n 6<J; the* Port Crawford, came
veyaRe. SSs 9d ; . the Talus, wheat at Portland
for Kurope, 40s 6d; the Fearless, lumber -on
Tweet Sound for Callao. 64n. All of above
rharterpd prior to arrival. The Rosamond and
the B. X. Castle will load merchandise for Horn
olulu.
The steamer Curacao sailed Sunday for Mex-
Merchandise for Mexico.
FAST RUN FROM HONOLULU
MADE BY STEAMSHIP CHINA
Professor Hudson Lectures.
¦ Professor Hudson of the University of
California lectured before the Teachers'
Club last night at the club's headquarters
in the old Supreme Court- bulldimr Tho
subject^of the lecture was "Once Upon a
Time." The professor described a kingdom
which existed in ancient times whose laws
were perfect and whose : ruler was just
and magnanimous. The- clubrooms were
crowded to their utmost capacity • ¦.-•¦•'¦¦
Cordes' Second Victim Dies.
Peter Sjorgren; who was shot in a Jack
son-street saloon by John Cordes on last
Thursday morning:, died at the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday at 4
o'clock. Sjorgren .remained in an-uncon
scious condition from the time he P n »™i
the hospital. .Cordes is in the Citva^d
County Hospital suffering from a lawr
ated wound of the head inflicted by him-
. Delightful Ocean Trips
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailin
every Sunday and Wednesday for San
Diego, stopping; only at- Santa Barbar^
and Los Angeles ports. Improved service
low rates Pacific^ Coast steamship c o
ffi e ce 4 i£?el Mont *° m^ saSa§5
Stanford Club Officers.
The Stanford Republican Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District met last
evening at Trades Hall and elected the
following officers: me
P. M. O"Connor. president; J. J. WHkenion
first vice president: James Lawlor. second vi?£
president; H. I). Byrne, recording secretary-
T. F. Brophy. financial secretary; Frank Koe"
fc-el, corresponding; secretary; John T ColHnq
treasurer; Eugene Murray, marshal' a>
The president appointed a board of di
rectors, consisting of one from each pre
cinct in the district. pre
Two years ago. under the Strattcn pri
mary law, the Stanford Club elected a
full ticket to the Republican municFpa^
convention, and will endeavor to do so
aeain at the coming primary election
August 13. . ' '
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.- Petitions in
Insolvency were Hied In the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday as follows: Edward A.
Malley, blacksmtth, Stockton, liabilities $470 90,
r.c assets; Goldwin Brown," farmer, Lincoln,
Placer County, liabilities $6748 68. assets $626.
California.
The California Theater will open its
regular season on next Sunday evening
and for more than a year thereafter there
is not a vacant week in its strong list of
bookings. The opening attraction will be
Neil Burgess In "The County Fair,"
which will continue for one* week. The
next will be Yale's great spectacular com
edy. "The Evil Eye," and then comes the
famous Iseill Company for a twelve
weeks engagement, presenting some of
the best of this season's New York suc
cesses. These will include "The Hon
Peter Sterling," "Under Two Flags" :
"The Sprightly Romance of Marsac" arid
many others to be announced later on
a he advance sale for "The County Fair''
opens on Thursday morning. The strong
b£ business assures the California a
Grand Opera-House.
"Cinderella" is doing well at the Grand
Opera House. A large audience was pres
ent last night and recalls were frequent.
ces-fSl^n SDectacle Is sure of a suc-
Fischer's Concert-House.
Laura Lopez made her first appearance
at Fischer's Concert-house last night.
She responded to nine encores. Her cos
tuming is stunning. Charles and Willis
Oriskany presented an extraordinary act
of equilibrism, -and T. Payne, who gives
a daring perpendicular ladder perform
ance, was warmly applauded. Mabel Mar
tin, soprano; Tom Mack, barytone-
August Hinrichs and William Wertsch in
a duet for violin and 'cello; Little Me"
}'Hi«,£S al J Iey *£ nd the Kelce y sisters con
• Programme ' hS mUSlCal P ° rtlon of the
Olympia.
There is a good vaudeville bill at the
Olympia this week. Roscoe and Sims, the
headlinerr,, do an uncommonly good musi
cal turn and the aerial act of Rousell and
Howard is one of the best things inlthti
lins San Francisco has seen for s6me
t.me. Clinton Montgomery's illustrate!
S ? n t^f a iTui Stl11 P°P" lar and tne remainder
of the bill was well received last night
DEPUTIES ONLY
ARE EXEMPTED
Board'Holds Other Positions
Are Amenable to the
Civil Service.
Will Seek to Prevent Removal of Em
ployed Eligibles by Court Pro
ceedings—More Exam- " „ i
. : inations Scheduled.
9 ¦ ¦
The' Board of Civil Service Commissior
ers decided last night to protect in.tho^r
positions all employes other than depu
ties, who have been appointed from, the
eligible lists to places in the so-called
county, offices. : This action was taken
after the board's special attorney, Garret
McEnerney, had advised that the decision
of the Supreme Court overruling thj
merit system in the offices mentioned ap
plied to deputies alone. ,' \ '. .
• This decision of the commission mea.is
that the. copyists in the -Recorder's and
County Clerk's offices and the bookkeep
ers and clerks in the 'offices of the Sheriff,
Assessor and Coroner and for the Jus
tice's Clerk ,are regarded as being undbi*
the jurisdiction qf the Civil Service Com
mission. At the meeting of the commis
sion last night no special plan of proced
ure was outlined to bring the matter t;i
an issue. It was agreed, .however, that
should any city officer attempt to remove
a civil service employe other than a dep
uty, except for good and sufficient caus-%
the aid of the courts .would be invoked
to prevent the removal. The action would
probably take the form of a writ of man
damus to ' restrain the appointing powt
from removing such employe until the
status of. the deputies is determined.
President "Freud of the Civil Service
Commission is of the opinion, and in this
he Is backed by Attorney McEnerney,
that it will be no trouble to prove who are
deputies and who are not. The charter
itself provides the number of deputies and
their compensation in each of the offices
affected. Freud says that a deputy is
one who acts for his principal and is com
petent tto administer oaths or signs docu
ments for his superior. • .
The determination of the disputed point
will result in the holding of examinations
for positions outside of deputies in tne
county offices. The commission claims
that the only issue before Judge • Heb
bard was the attempt to -restrain tli2
holding of examinations for deputies. The
opinion affirming the decision of the lower
court is devoted wholly to deputies and
for that reason it is claimed that the
commission has not been enjoined from
holding -examinations lor all other posi
tions. - .:
The commission further decided to go
ahead with the examinations in the mu
nicipal offices not affected by the Supreme
Court decision, beginning with the Boards !
of Works. and Health. The positions in !
the first-named board have all been classi
fied and the first examination will be
held on Thursday, April 25, for offleo
deputies. This will be followed as rapidly
as possible by examinations for superin
tendent of public buildings, superintend
ent of stone pavements, superintendent of
sewers, civil engineers, plumbers, med
sengers, janitors, hydrantmen, stenogra
phers, inspector of light and water, drafts
men, watchmen and other -positions, in
all, 100 examinations will be held. The
commission will endeavor to secure boards
of examiners for each' one, the members
of these boards to serve gratuitously.
It is figured that there are 2000 positions
still subject to the provisions of civil
service, .notwithstanding the Supreme
Court decision. Assessor Dodge states
that he will submit to civil service, -a 1 -
tnough his office is exempted therefrom,
so far as his deputies are. concerned. I--.
was stated that, the copyists will petition
the Supreme Court for a rehearing in or
der to establish their status." It is prob
able, however,; that nothing will be done
in: this connection until, as stated, some
appointing power proceeds to remove a
civil service subordinate.
WORRIED OVER DECISION
OF THE SUPREME COURT
Copyists in Various Departments at
City Hall Anxious as to
Future Action.
The copyists at the City Hall are d2
cidedly uneasy over the recent decision
of the Supreme Court in regard to the
civil service. . "* ' ¦
If, as is contended, these employes are
no longer to be appointed under the civil
service act, some of them may lose their
positions, hence the anxiety. About forty
civil service appointees are affected by
the decision, and most of them are em
ployed in the County Clerk's and County
Recorder's offces. . .
Neither County Clerk Deane nor Record
er Godchaux are decided as to exactly
what course they will pursue, but several
new men are to be hired in the office of
the latter, and Godchaux states that they
will be copyists whom he will himself
select.
Mr. Godchaux says that his experience
with civil service aupolntees In the past
has not always been pleasant, and that
inefficient employes have been placed in
his office.
-Blanche Partington.
An imperial spectacle IsEmile Berger
afs "More Than Queen," as presented by
Miss Blanche Walsh and her company last
night at the Columbia Theater. "More
Than Queen" is rather a series of splendid
pictures than a play proper, a gallery of
the brilliant scenes in which the Jose
phine episode in the life of the Man of
Destiny played themselves . out, and con
sidered as this, ,. it is a royally sufficient
effort. The prologue shows' the meeting
of the lovely 'Creole; Josephine Beauhar
nals, and Napoleon In the srarden of tha
Palais Royal, an admirably beautiful pic
ture. The first act takes place . at the
Chanterine residence of the Bonaparte3,
in 1799. Napoleon has gust returned from
Egypt and discovers Josephine about to
attend one of the masked balls so much
in vogue during the. period. The threads
of the plot, such plot as there is. here
begin to discover I themselves. Josephine
is childless, it is the wish of the First.
Consul to become an Emperor, and it is
necessary for the stability of the empire
that there be an heir to the throne. There,
is only one' way for the Emperor to take,
to divorce the faithful woman who has
been all to him but the mother of his
children, and it is the story of the sacri
fice of the Empress that is told by M.
Bergerat:
Napoleon has announced his return from
Egypt to the Bonaparte sisters, not to
his wife. She discovers this and attends
the ball on the evening of his return.
He, misled by lying reports from his in
terested relatives, believes. her faithless
She returns from the ball, and in an ex
quisitely dainty scene compels the sulky
general to capitulate.
The- garden of Malmaison, favorite
home of Josephine, Is the scene of the
second act and shows the coming -of 'the
envoys to the First Consul with the offer
of imperial honors. The third act, scene
first, takes place in the palace of the
Tuileries, showing the events of the morn
ing of the coronation of Napoleon and
the jealousy of the Bonaparte sisters of
the new-made Empress. The second
scene is the coronation in the Church of
Notre Dame, and is a picture that for
magnificence has seldom been equaled on
the local stage. 'Act IV opens • in the
Palace of St. Cloud and is the one dram
atic scene in the play. The Palace of
Fontainebleau, in the last act, shows the
resignation of the Empress to the will of
her husband in the signing of the divorce.
Orpheum.
' As the Empress, Miss Walsh adds much
to her worthy reputation. Gracious, arch,
queenly, tender, womanly, she makes all
there i3 to be made of the part. Her
gowns are splendid and beautiful, she
looks the Empress every inch and won the
audience at once with her work. She is
well — fairly well — supported. Napoleon is
essayed by William Humphrey, at first
apparently rather a lightweight repre
sentative of the Corslcan genius.- He
warmed up to his work later in the even
ing, however, and in the big fourth act he
became for the time the vain and splendid
Man of Destiny. Talleyrand, the "most
good-natured man that ever cut a throat,"
is played in a guileless fashion by Ogden
Stevens. Lucien Bonaparte is well done
by Robert Lowe, and the part of Roustan,
the Mameluke, affords Frank Sheridan
opportunity for a brilliant bit of dramatic
recital that begins the good things in the
one good act of the play. Elizabeth May
hew and Helen Singer 'take good care of
the parts of the wicked sisters, and the
rest of the cast is acceptably filled.
"More Than Queen" is worth the money
for the settings alone. Buhl cabinets,
tapestry, carvings, pictures, all historical
ly correct and exquisitely artistic; out
door scenes of rare beauty and costumes
of admirable taste and splendor, all leave
an impression o£ unusual beauty. The play
will remain for two weeks at the Colum
bia. . \
The splendid bill presented by the Or
pheum. management last night made a de
cided hit with the big audience. The Pre
vosts do an acrobatic turn that keeps
the spectators gasping with wonder.
Josephine Gassman is as clever as ever,
and scored an instantaneous hit with her
pickaninnies, who are .wonderfully cute
and amusing. The droll stories of Wood,
the monologist, reached every -one and hn
was given an enthusiastic welcome.
Stephens, in his imitations of Joseoh Jef
ferson. Henry Irving and other" great
footlight stars, showed great ability, an.l
is a feature of the bill. "The Girl of
Quality," Hamilton Hill and Tschernoff
and his dogs, holdovers, were warmly
greeted, and the great American biograph
was as popular as ever, j
Tivoli.
The "standing-room-only" sign of la.?t
season is once again displayed at the
popular home of comic opera and crowds
are flocking to the Tivoli to witness the
delightful revival of "The Idol's Eye" i:i
all its wealth of music and scenic effects
Needless to say that Ferris Hartman and
Alf C. Wheelan are as amusing as ever,
while Cunning-ham, the new barytone, had
leaped into instant favor. Maud Williams,
Annie Meyers, Bernice Holmes and Ed
ward Webb make up an unrivaled cast.
As for the chorus, the young ladies are
beautiful, to look upon and know how to
sing. The orchestra is en rapport with
th3 singers and the entire production is
so pleasing. that a chancre r.t programmo
is not to be looked for for some weeks.
Alcazar.
"Tennessee's Pardner" commenced its
secondand last week at the Alcazar
Theater last night before a crowded
house. There were several, curtain calls
and the applause was unstinted. Frank
Bacon's portrayal of the part of Gewilll
ker Hay is one of the features of the play.
The singing by the New Century quartet
of "The Days pf '49" was warmly ap
plauded. There should be large audiences
during the best of the week.
Central.
• "Ingomar," as Marie Lovell paints him,
is a barbarian of the mountains with an
inherited love of freedom and his neigh
bor's goods— a rough, bass-voiced, fearles3
leader of men as brave and as fearless aa
he. So Robert" Downing, 'rough, bass
voiced and forestian in virility, paints him
on the mimic stage of the Central Thea
ter. ¦ The scoffing humor of the uncul
tured nomad, who found in weakness and
tears subject for laughter, who lived on
stolen cattle and the booty of the boM
foray, yet who became a willing slave
to* a pretty woman's smile and who re
pelled with hot indignation the offer to
heap honors upon him and to give him the
girl he loved as the reward for the pro
posed betrayal of his comrades in arms
and robbery, is faithfully and consistently
portrayed by Mr. Downing in the beauti
ful play. Strength is his predominating
•characteristic and strength of -voice .¦ami
movement without apparent effort.'. Whil»
differing in method, and perhaps lacking
in the subtle dramatic discrimination that
made Edwin Forrest great, Mr. Downing
follows closely, in the wake of the sten
torian, tragedian in the role of Ingomar.
He is ably supported by Lorena Atwood^
who portrays the character of Parthenla
in an unexpectedly artistic way. .
: Robert Cummings as Alastor fulfilled
the expectation of the public, who had
seen his performance in the "Gladiator "
The play is well staged and costumed and
will run the remainder of the week to full
houses. • ;,
Chutes.
.' The Chutes -has a varied and entertain
ing bill. Scott, and "Wilson appear,- In '.- a
clever acrobatic act. Coakley and Hues
ted present a laughable sketch, intro
ducing some artistic dancing. " Miss .Mir
lan Ainsworth makes some wonderful
changes -without leaving the stage. The
holdovers are Professor Barnes'- Dog and
Pony Show, and Al and Mamie Anderson
in. their, latest novelty, the Chinese and
the Coon. -A' series of. new moving- pic
tures are also shown.
"The Idol's Eye," "Cinderella" and
/ "Ingomar" Draw Well— Good
Bill > at the Or
pheum. f '
"More Than Queen" a Series
of Splendid Pictures
and Scenes. '
BLANCHE WALSH
AS JOSEPHINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 19O1.
TUESDAY, APRIL ».
5
Sun rises 5.43
f, un sets .'.'Ml'.'. 'V.".t\Z3
Moon rises 11;49 p m-
O ' Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H WJ :L W H W L W
9... ,1:50-5.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8:41 32
10 ... 2:SG 5.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4 4 954 3 2
11 ... 3:3«] 4.8 10:52 0.5 6:18 4.5 11:17 3*1
12... 4:50/ 4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07^4 8.7... ....
L W II W L W| H W "
13 ... 0:30| 2.6 6:J0 4.7) 12:48 0.6 7-49 5 0
It... 1:2SI 2.1 7:25 4.8 1:43 0.7 8:30 5 3
15 ... 2:23[ 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 6 6
toteamer. Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
Steamer. I
Destination.
ISalls.
t, . . April O.
aIn ' el \- Seattle & N. AVhat 5 pm Pier 2
x- an .£ e 5 r( V" Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
rt< ch Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
City bydney.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Argo ; Coqullle River 4 pra Pier 2
&!^£;;v;"xv CooB Ba y 4 Pm pieri3
rSS?» S Chlna and Ja P a n" 1 Pm FMSb
Imin« Newport 9 am Pier 11
A1Uance Ptld and Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier —
April 1O.
Arec;ulpa Valparaiso, & "Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Santa Barb... San Pedro 2 pm Pier 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 11.
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
April 12.
"W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
April i::.
Pomona Humboldt .1 2 pm Pier 9
Bmpire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
April 14.
Grace Dollar. Grays- Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San T>iego S am Pier U
-.ipril 15.
Nome City... Seattle direct Pier —
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Ventura .... Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr 9
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr 9
Argo Coquille Klver Apr 9
Eureka Humboldt Anr 9
City of Para... Panama & Way Ports Apr' --9
St. Paul New York via Panama. Apr. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 10
Corona......... Newport Apr. 10
Santa Barbara Humboldt \r r 10
DelNorte Crescent City Apr! 10
Nome City..... San Pedro.... Apr 11
Pomona Humboldt Apr It
Grace Dollar... Gravs Harbor....... Apr". 11
Rosa.... s a n Diego Apr. 11
Point Arena... Point Arena..... Apr. 11
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 12
Mandalay Seattle Apr 12
Walla Walla.. Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr. 12
Uashtenaw.... Tacoma Anr. 12
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro..... Apr. 12
Kobt. Dollar... Seattle -. \p r 12
Llmari Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 14
Fulton Grays Harbor Apr. 14
*™" V ; Sa n Diego Apr. It
G - W- Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 15
North Pork.... Humboldt Apr. 15
Crescent City.. J Crescent City Apr. 13
toteamer. Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
Steamer. I
Destination.
ISalls.
t, . . April O.
aIn ' el \- Seattle & N. AVhat 5 pm Pier 2
x- an .£ e 5 r( V" Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
rt< ch Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
City bydney.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Argo ; Coqullle River 4 pra Pier 2
&!^£;;v;"xv CooB Ba y 4 Pm pieri3
rSS?» S Chlna and Ja P a n" 1 Pm FMSb
Imin« Newport 9 am Pier 11
A1Uance Ptld and Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier —
April 1O.
Arec;ulpa Valparaiso, & "Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Santa Barb... San Pedro 2 pm Pier 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 11.
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
April 12.
"W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
April i::.
Pomona Humboldt .1 2 pm Pier 9
Bmpire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
April 14.
Grace Dollar. Grays- Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San T>iego S am Pier U
-.ipril 15.
Nome City... Seattle direct Pier —
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Ventura .... Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr 9
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr 9
Argo Coquille Klver Apr 9
Eureka Humboldt Anr 9
City of Para... Panama & Way Ports Apr' --9
St. Paul New York via Panama. Apr. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 10
Corona......... Newport Apr. 10
Santa Barbara Humboldt \r r 10
DelNorte Crescent City Apr! 10
Nome City..... San Pedro.... Apr 11
Pomona Humboldt Apr It
Grace Dollar... Gravs Harbor....... Apr". 11
Rosa.... s a n Diego Apr. 11
Point Arena... Point Arena..... Apr. 11
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 12
Mandalay Seattle Apr 12
Walla Walla.. Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr. 12
Uashtenaw.... Tacoma Anr. 12
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro..... Apr. 12
Kobt. Dollar... Seattle -. \p r 12
Llmari Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 14
Fulton Grays Harbor Apr. 14
*™" V ; Sa n Diego Apr. It
G - W- Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 15
North Pork.... Humboldt Apr. 15
Crescent City.. J Crescent City Apr. 13
Sun rises 5.43
f, un sets .'.'Ml'.'. 'V.".t\Z3
Moon rises 11;49 p m-
O ' Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H WJ :L W H W L W
9... ,1:50-5.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8:41 32
10 ... 2:SG 5.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4 4 954 3 2
11 ... 3:3«] 4.8 10:52 0.5 6:18 4.5 11:17 3*1
12... 4:50/ 4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07^4 8.7... ....
L W II W L W| H W "
13 ... 0:30| 2.6 6:J0 4.7) 12:48 0.6 7-49 5 0
It... 1:2SI 2.1 7:25 4.8 1:43 0.7 8:30 5 3
15 ... 2:23[ 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 6 6
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND YALLEIQ.
¦ - Steamer "Montlcello."
MOX.. TUES.. "WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:43 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays.
10:30 a. to.. 8 p. m. Landing and office. Mis-
sion- at. Dock, Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala liOS.
COMPAGNIE OENESAtS TBAK8AT1AHTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -
Sailing every Thursday, Instead or <^{VS^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., trom Pier 42, "-VwrfeS
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to . Havre. SS5 and upward. « Second i class to
Havre, -J45 and upward. GENERAL. AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York J. F:
FUGAZI & CO.; Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad ' Ticket Agents
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
: -• Twin-Screw Express Service. . -
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria. Apr.ll.10am I Columbia - .: .May 2
Deutschland I Ap.18.3pm | F. Bismarck May 9
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
-PLYMOUTH- CHERBOURG--HAMBURG
•Bulgaria ...... .April, 61 •Phoenicia. .....April 20
Pretoria ........April 131 Patricia .........April 27
. ¦¦•-.-. '.*. : . :•. '• '. 'Sails; to Hamburg direct., -
Hamburg-Amcrlcai) Line," 37-B'way. N."Y,
IfERZOG ~& CO.; General Agents for Pacific
Coast, j 101 . California street.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand, and Australia
--- "Wednesday. April 17. 9 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).;
....Saturday, April 27, 2 p. m.
I ¦ O.SPREDXELS k BROS. CO., lvm\ Agsnts, 327 Harktt St
Een'l Passengw flffia, 643 Uartd St.. Piar la. 7.. PaciS: SI
PANAMA R. hwm
TO NEW YORK VIA. PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. £10."; Eteeraz?, $40.
CONNOR. Paclfle Coast Agent,
S. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 2O
S. S. Argyll sails Alondiy. .May ' (i
8. S. ¦ sails Monday, May 20
From Harrison-st. Wharf. 2 p. m.
Freisrht and passenger office, 339 Market st.
occaBscb.sxe. asssssssa
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE -WHARF. COR-
ner First 'and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <H!ogc). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting, ai Hongkong v wlth steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on dav
of eailln;. - • . • * •
S3. HONGKONG VARU.Tuesday. April 9. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU :.. Friday, May 3. 1901
ES. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced . rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. GeneralAseni.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
AndCIASUDArERIC4IVA ~E VAPO^SS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican Central
and South American 'ports. Sailing Section 2
Seawall, 1! m. '
; % nF?, U . IPA •¦¦'•Apr. lorpKRi: May2
LIMARI Apr. 17i GUATEMALA .May t;
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aoapuloo or Panama.) Freisht
and passenarn* offlcp. 318 California strict
BALFOtTR. GUTHRIK & CO., Agents.
Jlr 4^2OyiiP©
It is always tljo "weakest part that first gives way to the attacks
of disease. So, "When the "weakened Btomach and deranged diges-
tion shut off the supply of nourishment, the overworked nerves
lose, their resistive power and fall .easy victims to 'colds and ex-
posures. Repair the nervous forces, increase the vitality, and.
rheumatism, neuralgia and sciatica will be quickly exchanged;'! or
renewed health and Btrength.\vr .
"Exposures and priratI6as.~of army life brought on
rheumatism and for many years I have had periods of
intense^Euffering. Indigestion and chronic constipation
* made matters worse and awful swellings in legs and arms
nearly drove me wild. Dr. Miles' Nervine and Dr. Miles*
Nerve and Liver Pills have relieved me of .those terrihto
sufferings and hare made life a pleasure." .
Daws Hutchk s, Sonoma. Mich. :- ¦; '+:
Makes the appetite keen, thd digestion perfect, the liver activa.
the blood pure and the nerves strong and steady. One
trial -will- convince any one* Try it to-day.
Sold by dregsrists on a guarantee, Da. Miles Medical Co. , Elkhart, Infl
7'y ¦ ¦>"';':- ' .' •¦¦•'•¦- , '¦¦;„;•¦¦¦¦•¦
(ioMnin Bay,
Teller City.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGINS, Master.)'
Leaves San Francisco on or
abont May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Pori My 26th.
j For passage or freight, rates call or address
' H. " R. DUFFIN, Agent. 1 •
638 Market Street. . opp. Palace Hotel,
SAN FRANCISCO.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, tOTOCN, ?ARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Vaderland April 171 St. Paul ;May I
St. Louis April 21 St. Louis May 15
New York May l! New York May 33
RED STAR UINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...April 171 Frlesland May S
Kensington ....April 24! South wark j May 1".
Zeelan-i - May 1 1 Vaderlan<t May 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
All sort* of people use it, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially rirnpirist-*.-
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world. _ .
LOWEST RATES'.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth end Meals.
S. S. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23, May 3
S. S. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Anr. 8. IS, 28. May 8
* E. C "WARD, General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
And Shcrt Rail Line ircm Portland to all
points East.' Through t'ckets to all
. points, all r3i1 or "steamship and rail, at
PORTLAND, Op.,
Only Steamship Line to
O. R. & N. CO.
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc,
S. S. JEANIE,
P. H. MASON. Master.
T. L. ELLIS. Master.
Will leave San Francisco ca
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER Roes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE ko«?3 by way of Seattle, leaving ttst
port on April 26..
S. S. VALENCIA. J. M. Lane, Master, leav?<»
San Francisco May 24. 1901 r and Seattle May
SO. 1301, ior Nome, Teller. Behring, Golofnin,
etc. -
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CC 5 .,
SO CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k .. ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
»i_ wharf. San Francisco:
wfcfii- • For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. ra..
SS^j^- April I, 6. 11, 16. 21. 2S. May
SKJfSrfHtak 5 - Change to company's
B£E3£risSa steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ypSy^Jji^ai C), Port TownsencJ. Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. April 1. 6, 11. 16. 21.
"8 May 1 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr F.ureka. llumboldt Bay-2 p- rn., April 3.
?. J3. 18. 23. 28. May 3. and even' Bf-h day
For San Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
B ole B )_eteainer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. i?an Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Tcrt Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro «Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a.m.; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a.m. .':
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. Pan Jos- del
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
Ha- and Guaymas (MexO— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th* right to change
steamers, galling dates and hours of ealllnz
without previous notice. ¦ • ¦
TICKI3T O^Klf^JE — « New Montgomery
street CPalace Hotel): • . ¦
¦ GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEA1T TRAVEL
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
F. "F.
HS9HQPSB BOSS A * B&CW B M m V m JH la mt&?w^3 B B MSbsSI
tHSsBESuBB £39 m m MB^^ n m m M m m a Bk ' /svrf M SI tSoS
WBSSbBBS S3! f i J^^V M m i B m I M £a JsSaL ° B S &SS
Tli6 story is th.6 ssms, no msttoir whst her station in life 8
If she is one of the favored daughters of wealth, — ?
. If she belongs even to the realm of the "well-to-do/*
Or— * I
,- If she belongs to the unnumbered thousands who must
work in order to live —
The story is just the same j all suffer from about the
same cause, and in this suffering "peculiar to women," all
reach the same level, and all are of the same family. |
When' a woman is nervous and irritable, head and back 1
ache, feels tired all the time, loses sleep and appetite, has I
pains in groins, bearing-down sensation, whites and irregu- I
laxities, she is not " worn out/' but feels as if she were. c |
•> Such symptoms tell her that a womb trouble is imminent, I
and she cannot act too promptly if she values her future B
comfort and happiness. . |
The experience and testimony of some of the most noted 1
women of America go to prove, beyond a question, that Ly dia I
E. Pinkham'3 Vegetable Compound will correct all such I
trouble at. once by removing the cause and restoring the 0
organs to a healthy and normal condition. If in doubt, write |
Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., as thousands do. I
MRS. KELLOGG'S STATEMENT. 3
"One year ago I read a letter in a paper telling ho-w much good one 1
woman had derived from Lydia E. Pinktiam's Vegetable Corn- I
pound. I had been sick all winter, and was nearly R
/^Lggs^AisL discouraged, as the medicine the doctor gave me did me B
//x^^^^fs. \v no good. I had kidney complaint, leucorrhcea. itching. Q
' ifj^^W\\\ bearing-down feeling, and painful menstruation. I a
• miff wr0^ e *° rs * Pinkham, describing my trouble, and 3
x^liek <sr^ P^ II aooa rece i ve d an answer telling me what to do. I fol- y
V&Spjg 1/ lowed her instructions and have taken nine bottles of 3
Sw^JV *ts&L Vegetable (Compound and used one package of San- §
«S^2^ /*l®r a ti v e Wash and one box of Liver Pills. I am well a
J/jb4^^ *rfy$ w now « d° n °t have those sick spells at the monthly '-
•> period, but can work all day, and that I never could <
C«m \M&<!yA *<R do unt * 1 began taking the Compound. I cannot !
*^ 'jj^SwSfryl^-^^ffl praise the Compound too highly. ' r
trm -^^nie KSUjjffiW "I do hope every suffering woman will learn of j
the Pinkham remedies and be cored as I have been. 1
I wish all success to the Compound ; it has done wonders for me, and I j
am bo thankful." — Mrs. Genie Kkixogg, Berlin Heights, Ohio. |
$\33 4f£X iS5>s n R" B ay ARM Owin; to the fact that son-.« skeptical I
B? fflvm MlS oS n S" H^^ MA R *1 3 P eo P' e ve ' rotn t ' :nc to tip e quesaoned d
!i33t\ P S '•' t& * M Bfi.ba Hof the genuineness cf the testimonial letters §
?© 'j 4 M *S E we are constantly publishing, we have H
B -' I & K "? I deposited with the National City Banlt, of Lynn, Maas., $5,000,
t3 SJ r" £4 I M B ¦ P which will be paid to any person who will show that the above 3
'' ' I3J» S*C3 a Ja 2 J*8 testimonial is not genuine, or was published before obtaining the 3
.. . vft£r %£$? Vai/ \tar' writer's special permission.— Lvoia £. Pinkham Meoicins Co. 3The local postai clerk who must serve one year in
prison for stealing $5 from the Federal Government
should have remembered what every one else seems
to know — that Uncle Sam never forgets any one who
robs him.
A city ordinance prohibiting persons without a
license to "hold up" buildings has been declared un
constitutional by the Superior Court. Unsophisticated
strangers should not understand from this, however,
that the barriers have been' removed against "holding
v~i" inoffensive citizens or unsuspecting visitors.
CALEPOBNTANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, April 8.-The following
Californlans are in New York: From
San Francisco^P. Bush, at Herald
Square: H. : P. Dimond. at Hoffman- F
B. Findlay, at Albemarle; L. Kalmuck, at
Vendome; J. Lawrence, S. E. Lindemann
at Broadway Central;. J. E. Manchrara at
Herald Sauarej W. Rosenblatt, at Hoff
man; Mrs. H. E. Topping, at Park Ave
nue; E. C. Webber, at Gilsey; Mrs. H.
Zieger, at Broadway Central* W R.
Smedberg, at Murray Hill.
CAIilTOHNIAUS IN "WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 8.-The follow
ing Californiana have arrived at the ho
tels:. Raleigh- J. V. Kimball. Mr a^d
""¦J-'.y; Carrington. Arlington-Mr
and Mrs; F. F. Morgan, Harold Wh'tp'
William H. Hammond, Harris N. Ham-
SEWSScS'** Hammond - Jr.) all or
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. J. Clark of Gilroy Is at the Grand.
•J.P. Soper of Honolulu Is a guest at the
Occidental. - . ¦ -
C. L.-Galvin, a mining man of Redding,
Is at^ the Grand. _. • -^
' W. C.'Tye, a merchant. of Madera,. is a
guest at the Lick.,- -; .
Fred Cox, a'banker of Sacramento, Is a
guest at the Grand. .
A % C. Van Doesten; an oil man of Han
ford; is at the Lick. N .
Railroad Commissioner N. Blaqkstock
of Ventura is at the Lick. ' ' \ -
- G.M.. Francis, editor "of the Napa Re
port, is at the California. .
: . Dr. W. F. Blake of Alpena, Mich,, reg
istered at. the Lick yesterday.
W. P. .Thomas, an attorney of Uklah,
registered a# the Grand yesterday. . ¦ j
¦".W.'M." ¦ - Burckhalter, ; a merchant of
Truckee, is registered at the Lick. • " .
' C'C.Van Liew, principal of the Chico
State Normal School, is a guest at . the
Lick: ;¦,¦¦,' :¦. •: .;. ';.-¦'¦ ' ¦¦ ¦ .
C. Boyer 'of Cainpo Seco, Cal., is here
on mining .business and is .registered at
the Lick. , . V
"Hugh * Glannell of ¦ Los Angeles, accom
panied by his wife, is a' guest at the Cal
ifornia. ' . . ' ..'..;..
John H. Mackenzie, a* mining man of
Mount Bullion, is spending a few days at
the. Lick.-.. ., .';
V. S. McClatchy, one of the publishers
ol the Sacramento Bee, is registered at
the ¦•California. V : .\ ." / . ,..'. ¦ r
Mrs. - Lillian M. ,Hollister,.a. leading offi
cer in the' Order of Maccabees of Detroit,
Mich., arrived in the city yesterday and
is at the Lick.:
A. CHANCE TO SMILE,
His Interest.— Wright— I " believe the
copyright laws cannot be made too strin
gent. Don't you think so?
Macum — vVell, no; I. don't believe in
copyright.
Wright— Ah! you are not interested in
journalism,- eh? -
Macum— Oh, yes, I am. I'm a scissors
manufacturer.— Catholic Standard and
Times. v, . v
Player— "A man named Dice fell out of
a carriage and got badly shaken up yes
terday. • He came down 'right, side ud
though." ¦ v '
Stager— "I'll bet he was loaded."— Bos
,ton Journal. . \ . ¦- .
. Patient-Ef dat*s a ham you hab, Dinah
I'll take some ob It right now *"*"».
Dinah— Hush, honey! Cat ham ain't fo'
you nohow! Dat's fo* de mourners at dp
fun'ral!— Atlanta Constitution.
"Tesla's new wireless light seems to be
a marvel. •.'¦¦':¦ .
"Well, -If it i3n't more practical' *W n
the rest of his announcement I'm afraid
It will prove to be nothing but a llehMpia
wire. "-Cleveland Plain Dealer. s&tIess
Professor, to farmer's wife— V« n ~.~
ft°fhe W^ n h^re nl&ht .^WSonS
Farmer's Wife-You don't say so' Th«
ffiter nlSht T.i Watchmaa -HunIor^ti s S!
Patience— Belle said her brother li »
perpetual nuisance. WhaP did «hf ™ o
Patrice-Why, I suppose he 1? rt^ ean i
those fellows who whisdes whln?2t*v£
less you have a regular liesk Vnfl n "
k^ w a h n a\ b a& blOUins »
a^o?hund7Sdoffi *3S3ft2F fe"
everything to .match, and yet she'll «^
An oil- identical with that ¦ of bitter al
monds . is ' extracted from coal tar.
The famous trial of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany has closed in the courts. of "Oakland. • It is now
safe to assume that the litigation- has commenced.
The Aprilshowers are coming all right to start the
May flowers for McKinley. Even the weather stands
in to^make" things bright for- the advance agent of
prosperity. V-; . '¦].¦_ '-'¦ ">
¦ By way of keeping pace with, the competition of
the educated workmen and commercial agents of Ger-.
many, Great Britain is thinking of establishing a com
prehensive; system of technical education. But what
will she be able to do to keep up with the native born
enterprise of the American? "
The United'States Treasury Department has decided
to force the Pacific Mail Steamship Company to pay
a heavy fine for permitting coolie.; to escape from the
detention shed in; this cily. The national authorities
have evidently reached the conclusion that -the fund
of morality of spme people is to be found only by
tapping their pockets.
A Philadelphia chemist after analyzing the drinking
v/ater of that city; estimates that in the 280,000,000
gallons delivered every day there are 500 tons of
solids, composed of eighty tons of sewage and gar
bage matter, fifty tons of coal dust and 370 tons of
clay, lime and oxide of it on. -With a daily consump
tion of such stuff -it is no longer strange that,Phila
delphia should be noted for its solid men.
According to the la'test tally the number of Filipino
leaders now on our hands is large enough to form
a good-sized troupe. Among them are Aguinaldo,
Trias, Mabini, Artemis Ricarte, Pio del Pilar, Maxi
mo Hizon, . Mariano Llanera.and Francisco de los
Santos., Of a lesser rank are such men as Macario
de Ocampo, Esteban Consortez, Lucas Camerion,
Julian Gorona, Pedro' Cubarrubias, Mariano Barruga,
Hermogenes Plata, Ccrnelio Requestis and Fabian
Villariel. It will be seen that if each of these patriots
be a "white elephant" Uncle Sam has a menagerie, t
Mr. Abbott is quoted as saying: "To my personal
knowledge, last year, when there were five Porto
Rican Judges on the bench and a case was pending
It happens, however, that we have information upon
that phase of government in the island from another
source. The New" York Post recently published &n
account of the Porto Rican courts given by W. T.I
Abbott, who is described as a lawyer of eight years'
standing, and who" for eighteen months has been a
resident of Porto Rico. According to that statement
the insular courts are ignorant arid corrupt, and the
Judges, "decide entirely in the interest of the party
who brings most influence to bear either in money or
otherwise."
Concerning the fitness of the native office-holders
the Governor does not. say much. That would seem
to be a subject which the Governor thinks should not
be discussed just now. The islanders are not used to
American methods 'of procedure and will have to
learn. We must not expect too much at the start.
Concerning the Government itself the Governor
sayp the administration has desired and has sought to
obtain the co-operaticn of all good citizens. It is
required of those who aspire' to insular offices that
they "be loyal to the American Government, and that
fitness for office with such loyalty be the fundamental
requirement rather than the indorsement of some
political leader."
•-» OVERNOR ALLEN of Porto Rico, who has
f "~i just gone to Washington for the purpose of
' consulting with the President, gives a good ac
count of affairs in the island and describes the condi
tions of the people as most promising. They appear,
to have made marked progress, not only in the various
lines, of industry, -but in those of civil government;
and the prospects are that we shall not have any seri
ous problems to deal with in governing the country.
It is, of course, to be expected that the Governor
would make a favorable report of what has been. done
urder his own. direction, and something must be
allowed for the inevitable bias in the mind of a Gov
ernor speaking of the results of his own work. When
such allowance has been made, however, there remains
enough in the Governor's statement to justify the
hopeful view he takes of the situation. He is able to
say: "The civil government established in Porto Rico
is working smoothly. The various departments have
been organized and our administration is seemingly
giving general satisfaction. In a material way thers
has been wonderful progress. Most of the land hot
under cultivation under the old regime has been taken
up and made profitable. * * * In the old estab
lished industries there has been great improvement
in all except coffee growing and production."
PROGRESS IN PORTO RICO.
If it were possible to institute some proceeding
compelling this corporation to return this money to
its customers, we would favor immediate action. But
:t seems there is no remedy for the wrong. The tax
shirker has the money, and its patrons who paid it can
whistle. However, another* time, when necessity for
stamp duties arises, Congress will be on its guard.
Yet these tax shirkers have deliberately refused to
bear their share of the burden of this war, and on the
contrary have employed tricky lawyers throughout the
cour.tr>' to utilize the processes of the courts in stand
ing off litigation designe.l to make them perform their
duty. . It is a safe estimate to say that Wells, Fargo &
Co. has profited in this State by its contumacious
ness to the extent of a quarter of a million dollars.
A meaner and more unpatriotic position was never
Uken by a grasping corporation than this. These
stamps were issued to pay for maintaining a war
against a foreign power, through which the United
States has acquired a vast area of territory, over which
in due time the express companies of the country will
extend their lines, and from which they will derive
revenue.
But the moral obligation of paying these stamp
taj.es still rests upon Wells, Fargo & Co. and the
ether unpatriotic corporations which united with it
after the passage of the law in open defiance of tlie
Government. It is estimated that in. this State alone
Wells, Fargo & Co. kns collected from its customers
between $8odb and $10,000 per month in stamp taxes.
Rates were not increased to cover this amount, jbut
the corporation insolently defied the law and refused
to perform its duty as a common carrier unless its
customers paid for the stamps.
So Justice of the Peace Birry and Superior Judge
Trcutt of this citj% Judge Tuley of Chicago, the Su
preme Court of Michigan and other tribunals and
judges who have passed upon this proposition all took
.-1 correct view of the law. The proceeding in th?.
United States Supreme Court -.vas evasive in character,
ard under it the express corporations of the country
merely managed to cre;tte a loophole for their escape.
war revenue act to prevent the express companies
shifting the burden of the' tax by an increase in their
rules. - '*-¦>,
This ruling is in accordance with rulings made by
ciher courts all over the land. In the celebrated cas;
of the American Express Company, cited as authority
in the proceeding under dibcussion, the Supreme
Court of the United Stales took the same view, but
udded the saving clause that there was nothing in the
THE decision of ths State Supreme Court in the
case brought against Wells, Fargo & Co. tJ
compel it to pay its war taxes possesses more
significance than will jirobably be attached to it by the
casual newspaper reader. On the surface it appears
that, according to the judgment of the tribunal of last
rerort in this State, the war revenue act of 189S im
poses the duty of stamping bitls of lading, receipts and
other contracts of carriage upon the express company
i: suing them, it following by necessary consequence
that the corporations should pay for the stamps.
0 WF^ONG WITHOUT 6 REMEDY.
Capital seeking investment, the induce
ment to engage in enterprises which will
meet wants in the home country, the de
sire to settle their emigrants where neith
er their labor nor their allegiance will be
lost to the fatherland— these are the eco
nomic and social grounds on which may
be explained the desire of the Germans
to colonize; where such, economic, and so
cial relationships are established it Is but
a step to political control, and the politi
cal control of colonies by. Germany has
been striven after not only for the sake
of protecting economic and - social inter
ests but also for the sake of world pres
tige. ¦ JOHN E. GEORGE.
Note— Next - Tuesday will be published
a paper by Dr. George on "Germany's Co
lonial Policy." .
The bearing of this great change upon
the subject of German colonization is two
fold. In the first place, her manufactures
have progressed so rapidly that Germany
is not only able to supply her own needs
in a great many lines but is obliged to
go out into the world to seek new mar
kets. German savings, too, have increased
her capital until It no longer finds suffi
cient employment at home, and is seek
ing investment in new fields. In the
second place, the agricultural produce of
the country no longer suffices to support
Its ever-increasing population— a fact
which can better -be appreciated ¦ if we
Imagine 80 per cent of our own popula
tion compressed within the one State of
Texas and there forced to earn a living,
for Germany is not as. large even as Texas
would be minus the area of the State of
Illinois, while her population is fast ap
proaching the 60,000,000 mark.
Foodstuffs Wanter; Goods to Sell.
A direct result of this change has been
a great increase In population, notwith
standing the continued heavy drain
through emigration, for a nation which
has developed industries as well as agri
culture is capable of sustaining a larger
population than a purely agricultural na
tion. During the quarter century from
1S25 to 1S60 the increase In population was
considerably less than 7.000.000, while dur
ing the quarter century from 1870 to 1S93
the increase was from. 40.S16.000 to 52,247.
000. or nearly 11,500,000, and that, too, in
fact of the fact that during these years
the country lost more heavily through
emigration than in any other period of its
history. That this increase in population
is directly connected with the growth of
tha great manufacturing Industries may
be seen from the changed ratio of rural
to urban population. From 1S71 to 1S90
there was an actual decrease of nearly
35.000 in the number of people in the agri
cultural districts, while in the same pe
riod the population in the cities and towns
increased" nearly 8,500,000. In 1S95 only 38
per cent of the population were engaged
In agriculture, while 39 per cent were en
gaged in the great industries of the cities
and in mining and 11 per cent In com
merce and transportation.
The political change brought about by
the establishment of the empire was an
other stride in advance. It had to do not
only with. the relations of the German
states among themselves but also the pro
motion in a political way of the commer
cial interests of the united people and the
continued allegiance to the f aCtherland of
the thousands of emigrants who: were
leaving and settling, in distant countries:
During the fifty years from 1820 to 1870
The Tide of Emigration.
With the founding of the empire Ger
many broke with the past and entered
politically and economically upon a new
era. These political and economic
changes, together with the emigration
from Germany of large numbers of her
people, are the prime factors in her pres
ent colonial policy. The political change
bi ought about by the founding of the em
pire was in some respects the comple
ment of the change brought about forty
years earlier by the establishment of the
Commercial League (zollverein). This
league broke down tariffs and other bar
riers? to trade which had existed from
time immemorial between the various
German states, and prepared the way for
the great industrial changes of more re
cent date. It established free trade
ai- ong- 26,000,000 Germans— the first great
step toward national unity. By creating
a . community of interests on commercial
and trading questions it prepared the way
for political unity; by overcoming local
prejudice and habit It created a stronger
feeling of German nationality. ¦
Impulses Due to National Unity.
sclia . empire. There had been frequent
attempts at colonization by. German ad
venturers during earlier periods. Ger
man settlements existed on the coast or
Africa more than 200 years ago.« Still ear
lior. ships from BrandenbwrK found their
way to the west coast of Africa In quest
of slaves and gold, and Brandenburgers.
together with the Prussian company of
Emden, finally managed at the close of
the seventeenth centuhy to establish a
foothold on the Gold Coast. As early as
16S1 the Brandenburg merchants had -or
ganised for purposes of trade in Africa
the Brandenburg African Company, but
by 1720, distracted by quarrels at home,
it had abandoned its West African enter
prise. ¦ Asain, in the early *40s of the
fast century, Germany gave some consid
eration to the question of colonization,
this time to the unoccupied territories In
America. From 1S60 to 1S65 her attention
was again turned to Africa, when ft Han
overian baron. Von der Decken, was ex
plcrlng the East African coast. It oc
curred to him that Zanzibar and the ad
jacent mainland would be a good field for
German colonization and enterprise, es
pecially as the opening of the Suez canal
would soon shorten the route to those re
gions. His idea'was acted upon, and the
work begun by him was carried; on by
Hamburg merchants, who established a
nourishing trade at Zanzibar.
This measure is so much of an innovation upon
existing methods of vutirig in this country that its
passage is not likely; but it has had the effect of rous
ing a good deal of discussion on the subject, and in
the end something „ irsy be done to put an end to
minority rule. It appears that in New York, at. any
rale, the' "third party" has become a political nuisance.
A still more curious proposal in the way of abolish
ing old customs is before the New Yorkers. There has
been introduced into the State Senate a bill entitled,
"An act to diminish the loss^of votes on third party
candidates and to promote election by majority." The
bill provides for permitting the voter to specify a
second, choice on his billot, so that if the first choice
be defeated the second choice will count. :¦ It is argued,
by way of example, that when the good citizens of
New York city were divided in their votes between
Seth Low and General Tracy, thus permitting the
Tammany candidate to become elected by a minority
of the people, they would have been able to elect either
Low or Tracy had they been permitted to indicate
their second choice. %
The bill is regarded cs a virtual abolition of capital
punishment, because it is believed a jury would never,
except in very atrocious cases, recommend the death
penalty, and a Judge would h'ardly set aside a solemn
expression of a jury in favor of the lighter punishment.
The enactment of the measure would thus by indirec
tion accomplish nearly. a)l that the opponents of cap
ital punishment desire. Strangely enough, the matter
lias not attracted much attention. The bill was passed
in the Assembly by a vote of 94 to 26, and we learn
from our New York exchanges that the passage came
as a surprise to the public, as few people were aware
that any such measure was under consideration.
Another bill affecting punishment for crime passed
the New York Assembly some days ago and is re
ported to have a fair chance of enactment. The meas
ure has been described as a bill to abolish capital pun
ishment. It provides that murder in the first degree
shall be punishable by death or by imprisonment for
life, and murder in the second degree by imprisonment
for life or for a term of not less than thirty years, and
the jury in every case is required to accompany its
verdict with a recommendation to the court stating its
preference as to the alternative penalties, the final
choice between them resting with the trial Judge.
It is said one of the effects of the law will be the
release under parole of the notorious Younger broth
ers, whose criminal exploits were once the sensation
of the time and are not yet wholly forgotten. The
Youngers have been in prison'for twenty-four years,
and, with the allowance of one-third time for good
conduct, which they h?ve under the Minnesota law,
and which they are said to have earned, they are now
.entitled to parole.
The Minnesota Legislature has virtually- abolished
life-imprisonment by; the enactment of a parole prison
law, which provides: "No convict who is serving
under life sentence shall be paroled until he shall have
ser.ved under such sentence thirty-five years, less the
diminution which he would have been allowed by law
for good conduct had he been sentenced fo^ a. term of
thirty-five years."
I N addition to their distinguished efforts in the way
I cf enacting new reforms by statute, several of the
* Eastern Legislatures have ma'de notable efforts at
re form, not by making more laws, but by abolishing
or amending old ones. Some of these efforts are de
serving of general attention. We . may not care to
follow the exainple set in the East, but it will be inter
esting, at least, to note what the Solons of that section
are doing.
ABOLISHING OLD LAWS
The modern movement for colonization
in Germany has taken place entirely
within the last quarter of .the century
just past, and is a result, to a very large
extmt, of the unification in 1871 of the
various independent German states into a
Early Colonization by Germans.
Of the fourteen' nations controlling the
colonies, protectorates and dependencies
of the world, Germany stands third as
regards the area of the territory subject
to her control, and fourth as regards
population. In both respects Great Brit
ain leads, the total area of her posses
sions of this character being . 11,187,000
square miles, and their population J 356,
781,000. France comes next with an'area
of 3,304,000 square miles and a total pop
ulation of 50,372,000. Third in .respect to
population come the colonies of tho Neth
eilands, with 31,717,000 in an area of but
630,000 square miles; while Germany's col
onies and spheres of . Influence comprise
an area of 1,025,000 square miles and a
population of over 11,000,000. But, while
Germany stands, third as regards area
and fourth as regards population, it must
not be forgotten that she was the last
to enter the field of colonization, having
gained political control of all her colonial
possessions since 1884.
'I^ut in the meantime there have been
other considerations bearing in the same
direction. During the last quarter cen
tury there has been going on in Germany
an industrial revolution not unlike the In
dustrial revolution which took place in
England at an earlier period: from beins
chiefly an agricultural nation with small
Industries Germany has been becoming:
more and more a manufacturing nation.
Germany's Industrial Revolution.
The great mass of these people came to
the United States, though considerable
numbers went to Australia, South "Amer
ica and the Cat>e. This great movement
of population from Germany was a heavy
loss from a national point of view. More
over,, in the ease of those who went to
English colonies, Germany- not only felt
the loss to herself but regarded tne gain
to England, her political and social rival,
with great jealousy. To find new terri
tory to which these emigrants could be
turned and to maintain in them a spirit
of nationality and allegiance to their na
tive land was the first great motive lead
ing to colonization. _v
it is estimated that about 3.500,000 persons
emigrated from Germany, while during
the comparatively short period of twenty
years, from 1S71 to 1S91— the period when
the new colonization movement was fast
taking hold— nearly 2.000.000 of the popula
tion left to improve their- condition in
newer countries.
TUESDAY APRIL 9, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. -
Address All Cenmwueitioai t« W. .8. LEAKS, Htniger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. .. . .^J^***^?"*
»'L"BLlCATIO3f OFFICE. . -Brartet and Third. S. V.
Telephone PrMi 201.
EmTOIUAT, ROOMS iziT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.- V._, "
Delivered 1»t Carrterw. 15 Cent* Per Week.
SIntrle Copies. 5 Cents. [
Tera« »>r Mall. Inclndlnjr rostocej
PAH.T CALt. flcclcdics Sunday), r.ne year »«•«
TAILT CALL, flrclurtinc Sunday). 6 months »-<w
DAfLY CAM- CineladlnR Sunday). 3 tncnthi 1-50
PAILT CALL— By Single Month «'
FCNDAT CALL. One Year *•"
WEKICLY CALL. One Year.. 1 - 00
AH postmaster* are nothorUed to receive
• m :¦¦¦¦¦ snnncrtrlions.
E&mple eerles will be forwarded when requested.
Ma!1 «jfcscrtt*n< ?n rrrtTlEP chance of nfldresn should b*
rartirclar to rire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Secure a pi«apt and correct compliance with their request.
(JAICLA.VD OFFICE.... ..1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7TESS.
ranger foreiga Adnriisinj. Mtrinstti Building. Chln&o.
tLosr Distune* Telephone "Central 1618.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
«\ c CARJLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHE5 D. SMITH 3O "ribnne Building:
NEW YORK NJ S STANDS:
Waldorf -ArterU, Hotel: A. BrenUno, & Union Square:
Vjuray HU1 HoteL .
CHICAGO raWS STANDS:
Eheraan Houee: P. O. N«wi Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Preiaoct House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON CD. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., W. W.
3XOJITOX B. CRAXK. Correspondent.
URAXCn OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cut! I 8:32 o'clock. SCO Hayes, opes until S:30 o'clock. 6?)
McAllister, open until 9:10 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
t :'O o'clock. 1M1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market,
ccrner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. lW Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Tirenty-neconfl and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
If you have discovered a new method of
budding trees that has noi been used by
any one else before, you probably could
claim the discovery of a new and 'useful
art and apply for a patent thereon. The
patent law of the United States provides
that patents are to be issued in the name
of the United States, and under the seal
of the Patent Office* to any person. wh.o
has invented or discovered any new and
useful art, machine, manufacture, or com
position of matter or any new and useful
improvement thereof, not known or used
by others in this country before his in
vention or discovery thereof and not pat
ented or described in any printed publica
tion in this or any foreign country, befors
his Invention or discovery thereof or more
than two years prior to his application,
and not in public use or on sale in the
United States for more than two years
prior to his application, unless the same
is proved, to have been abandoned; and
by any person who, by his own industry
genius, efforts and expense, has invented
and produced any new and original de
sign for a manufacture, bust, statue, alto
relievo, or bas-relief; any new and or
iginal' design for the printing of woolen
cotton, or other fabrics; any new
and original Impression, ornament, pat
tern; print, or picture to be printed, paint
ed, cast, or otherwise placed on or worked
into any article of manufacture; or any
new, useful, and original shape or config
uration of any article of manufacture, the'
same not having been known nor used by
others before his invention or production
thereof, nor patented nor described In any
printed publication, upon payment of the
fees required by law and other due pro
ceedings had. « v
BUDDING TREES-J. M., Yuba City.
LONGEST THROW-Subscrlber. City.
The following is the record for longest
throw of a baseball. Edward Crane al
leged to have thrown a ball 135 yards 1
foot l ,» Inch, October 12. 1SS4. In Cincinnati,
O., and 134 yards 5 Inches. October IS), 1SSI.
in St. Louis. Mo; 131 yards 2tt inches. H.
Vaughn, in match with J. O'Rourke. Buf
falo. N. Y.. June 2a, 1S90; "J35 yards 2
inches, L. Twitchell, in throwing for a
prize of $23, Macon, Ga., July 29, 1SD3: 13»
yards 1 foot 8 Inches, J. Wagner, In throw -
Ing for a prize in a local long-distance
throwing contest, Louisville, Ky., October
16, 1S0S.
DISPLACEMENT— Subscriber, South
San Francisco, Cal. Displacement ton
nage as applied to ships is found in the
same manner as register tonnage except
that measurements are made, not along
and from the tonnage deck, but from the
load water line and the final cubic con
tent Is divided by S3. Displacement is the*
quantity of liquid which Id displaced by a
solid body placed In It. If the weight ot
the displacement Is greater than or equal
to that of the body, the latter will float.
If less, It will sink to tho bottom. A
buoyant material sinks to a level where
the pressure of a liquid displaced Is suf
ficient to counterbalance Its weight.
CIGAR CASES AND PURSES-H. Q.,
City. • This department does not advertise
any business firm. For that reason it will
not give "the names of those who repair
purses and cigar cases." Correspondents
who desire information, the answer to
which amounts to an advertisement or
any business firm or private enterprise,
should enclose a self-addressed and
stamped enevelope.
SIXTEEN TO ONE-G. S.. City. The
following definition of 16 to 1 is takea
from United States Treasury Circular No.
123: The phrase "15 to 1," as applied to
coinage, means that the mint value of
sixteen ounces of silver shall be equal to
the mint value of one ounce of gold: that
Is. that sixteen ounces of silver shall be
coined Into a3 many silver dollars as ono
ounce of gold is comable into standard
dollars.
DEBATES— Subscriber, City. This dey
partment has on a number of occasions
announced that it does not furnish rea
sons to be used on the positive or nep
tive side of a debate, for the reason that
If such reasons are furnished they will be
those of the writer and not those of the
debater. This department suggests that
you go to the Free Public Library period
ical room, read up for and against the
subject matter you desire to debate on.
and then form your upinion.
PALM SUNDAT-M. W., City. Taim
Sunday has been earlier than It was this
year. March 31. a number of times. In,
isni-it was on March 29; ISM, March 2o;
UM. MaTch & ISOlf March 22; m March
£?• 1S12 March 22; 1S16, March 19; lSla.
Mkrch 15 Since that date it has been
earlier than this year in twenty-seven dif
ferent years.
RIGHT OF WAY-G. S.. City. If a rail
road company has purchased a right of
way through certain land and after a
term of years desires to build another
IS a mile to either side of the track it
is using and intend3 to continue using tUc
first one, it would have to acquire another
right of way, although on the same trace
of land.
QUARTER AND D'.ME-G. S., City. A
auarttr of 1S22 does not command a premi-
MOURNING PAPER-T P.. City. It 13
Drooer to use letter or note paper wltfc a
ES border of var.ed b.«ulth, accord^
of the sender.
" POSTAGE STAMPS- Nippon Maru.
City You can ascertain the value of old
mall? This department does not ad\er
tise any business firms.
AUTO-G. S.. City. Auto is a<3reek pre
fix for self.
title. -
HAY-F A. C Halleck. Xev. The rule
Weekly Call. __
TTFE SAVING SERVICE— C. R-. City.
San Francisco, Cal.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Considering the whole subject it may be said Porto
Rico is in good condition, and is in a fair, way to
make rapid progress. Up to this time, therefore, we
have no reason to regret that we annexed the island,
nor have the islanders an> cause, for complaint against
the manner or the meaning of our Government.
over a valuable ' watc-powcr privilege, f it developed
that two of the five Judges had been retained as coun
sel on one side of the case and had given opinions,
and two on the other side, and under those circum
stances it is hot difficult to understand how the de
cision of the presiding Justice was to be given. Now,
that is not regarded in Porto Rico as anything out of
the way' It is According to custom which has'been
in daily practice there always."
Upon that showing it is clearly the duty , of the
United States to establish honest '! courts as soon as
possible. That appeals to be -the chief need of the
island just now. The. natives seen to be peaceable
enough. Governor Allen says: "Some disturbances
hnve occurred, but never with such serious results as
have often occurred in the United States barroom
brawls. Hooting and howling crowds on the streets,
a" few stones thrown, some rattling of sticks along
the palings have been sufficient 10 occasion sensa
tional cables, to the north, which, though promptly
denied, have been circulated to the discredit of the
island." '" IV^.1
The law of liberty, the universal statute of indepen
dence and self-government, is written in the hearts of
such people in Cuba. Such hearts have always been
the tablets which have borne its inscription. If we are
guing'to break faith and lie to the world in the Cuban
settlement, as we have been lied to either three years
ago or now, let us do it like bold buccaneers, declaring
that we propose to take the island and exploit it be
cause we want it in bur business, and disregard the
arpiration of the people for liberty. The pirate sleeps
sweeter over his spoil, rocked in the cradle of the
deep, than the hypocrite who sinks to rest after even
ing prayers.
It has been so always. The English revolution which
destroyed the royal prerogative was led by a brewer
and was fought out by :i Jot of psalm-singing cartmen.
Masinello was a Neapolitan fisherman, Schamyl was a
piountaineer, and Ypsilanti was a vine dresser.
The future deliverer of Russia will probably be the
grandson of a serf, and certainly not of a bayard.
try and allies of Great Britain.
The record of man's aspiration for liberty and inde
pendence is not the biography of "the best classes," as
now understood. American independence was aspired
to by Thomas Paine, the staymaker; Franklin, the
printer; Knox, "the stationer's clerk; Putnam, the
farmer, who plowed his stony fields with oxen and
cculd hardly write his name, and by John StarK,
a clodhopper; Nathan Hale, a poverty-smitten
teacher; Ethan Allen, a rude woodsman; and the plain
people endured and suffered for liberty, while the
best people who shared their lot could be counted on
the fingers. Those of culiure'and refinement, of wealth
aiid respectability, were Tories, enemies of their coun-
In behalf of our own countrymen and the national
honor, we protest against thisjiew installment of offi
cial information and views.
Turning to the Congiessional reports and speeches
of three years ago we find that the "wealth and cul
ture," the best and most respectable people of Cuba,
were therein denounced as sordid supporters of Spain,
while the rest of the people, now denounced as preda
tory riffraff, were gasping on the point of a spear and
dying for : liberty. Those who survived are now
denounced as being for independence merely to get
office, a motive that must be abhorrent to every Amer
ican politician.
A Democratic newspaper, which plays Jekyll and
Hyde with, the administration, admits that these Con
gressional views are in notable contrast to the Con-" 1
gressionar views of three ' years ago. The official
pilgrims then saw through their emotions and found
heroes, warriors and patriots. But the present "en
lightened and honorable members" find "the respect
able classes" desirous vi annexation and opposed to
independence, while the rest of the people are a lot of
predatory riffraff, who have none of the culture and
respectability of the island with them.
One of them says he doubts the safety, of capital in
Cuba, and he finds the best people do not want inde
pendence, and that those who do are hot the best peo
ple and are merely looking for office. Another says
the people are not fit nor ready for self-government.
Another distinguished Senator returns and hastens
to say that it is only a matter of time when the island
will be annexed, and that the present constitutional
convention is not a 1 epresentative body. The best
people want annexation, as do a vast majority of the-
American people. .'¦ ¦ :,
Congress adjourned on March 4. In that brief time
parties of Congressmen have visited Porto Rico and
Cuba and have, returned wise in knowledge of ths
whole situation. *. ; ;
If the kind of information that is being furnished by
Congressmen now had been furnished then, there
would have, been no war, and if the kind we had then
were. furnished now, there would not be ahead of us
the prospect of more trouble. If the truth is told by
Congressmen now/the Congressmen then did not tell
the truth. ' .:
CONGRESSMEN ON CUBA.
ARE we not in danger of a slight surfeit of Con
gressional information and views about Cuba?
The country had a deal of the same sort before
the Spanish war. It was the means of drawing us into
thst enterprise and of launching us upon the sea of
troubles whereon we arc now drifting with no sails to
speak of, rudder gone, compass magnetized, and chro
nometer out of order.
(COPTRIGHT, 1901.)
VIII.— GERMAN COLONISATION;
By IDr. Jolin E. George. ¦
DEPARTMENT OF POLITICAL. ECON OUT, NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITT.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and' Specialists for
¦ The San Francisco Call.
? — ¦
Marvelous Progress Made in Colonization
by Germany in the Last Twenty-Five
Years of Activity.
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1901.
A STREET IN" DAB ES SALAAM, GERMAN EAST AFRICA.
* r'_
6
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hnt»i «
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Town 3P nH' q .
Special 'Information supplied dally to
business houses and public m#m t,, *v
Press Clipping Bureau (ll en's) 510 Sf n £ e
gomery street. Telephone Main im^ 011 . 1 "
day ol,a rummage U ; e the s fcond
Dr. Saiford's Liver Invigorator
Cnli kub»criberi contemplating a change of
rriitAeace daring the summer months can ham
(brir paper forwarded by mall to their new
addrrtiri by notifying: Tne Call Business Office.
Thin paper will also be on sale at all naiuiuer
rcnorts and U represented by a local agent In
all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWR FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Tuesday, April 9, at 11 o'clock.
Horses and Mules, at 1732 Market street.
By G. H. Umbsen— Thursday. April 18. at 12 o'clock. Busi-
ness Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
Tivf.Ii— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tenneesee's Partner."
Grand Opera-house— "Cinderella."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— VaudevlUe every afternoon and
evening. •
Fischer' c— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.
Columbia— "More Than Queen."
Central—' Ingomar. ' '
AMUSEMENTS.WILL FULLY REPRESENT
CRAFTS OF CALIFORNIA
D. M. Delmas Will Deliver Address on State's
Art Resources on the Opening Night.
FAMOUS LAWYER WHO WILL
DELIVER ADDRESS AT CALI
FORNIA CLUB'S EXHIBITION.
Dairy Is Unionized.
Through an error in the columns of yes
terday's Call the statement was made that
the National Dairy, which is owned bv
the Barreilles brothers, is the only insti
tution of that kind which does not employ
union labor. The Labor Council states
that the dairy is thoroughly unionized and
that all the men employed by it are mem
bers of the union.
Frank Botsford, agent of the Equitable
Life Association, who was held to answer
before the Superior Court about a week
ago by Judge Fritz on a charge of felony
embezzlement and was released on J100J
bonds, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on Market street by Detective JFitzgerald
on the bench warrant issued by Judge
Fritz Saturday. The Judge had been in
formed that Botsford intended to jump
his bonds, but this Botsford denies. His
bond will probably be increased.
Has Not Jumped His Bonds.
Then, among' the many, are found laces
by. Miss Moldrup; embroideries by Miss
Jansen, Miss Kate Wickes, Mrs. Sarah
Foster, Miss Leonard, Mrs. McMullin, and
some wonderful things by McCuin; who
has returned to California. There are
hand-painted tapestries by Mrs. Mattie A.
Ferry, Mrs. L. Hickok, Mrs. Susan Loose
ly and others. In Mihran's oriental cor
ner a dark-skinned weaver will be - at
work on one of the wonderful rugs; near
by will be the homelier, but useful Ameri
can "rag" carpets, rugs and.portiers of
Matthews, and Averlll shows a good col
lection of Indian blankets and baskets.
The most special "textile" will be the
handsome American flag made in Cali
fornia of California silk, to be presented
by the club to President McKInley on his
coming visit to San Francisco.
CARELESS CHINESE •
INJURES A VETERAN
Euns Him Down With a Laundry
"Wagon at the Geary and Kearny •
Street Crossing.
William Mullins, a veteran of the Mex
ican war, was knocked down and seriously
injured last night at the crossing of
Geary and Kearny streets. . .
Mullins, who resides at 443 Eddy street,
was crossing Kearny street when a wagon
driven by Sing Yick, a Chinese laundry
man, came upon him. Before the old man
could get out of the way he was thrown
heavily to the pavement. He was picked
up in an unconscious condition and car
ried to the sidewalk. An ambulance was
sent for and the old man was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital. An ex
amination showed he had received a
badly shattered kneecap and several lacer
ations of the scalp. His wounds were
dressed and the injured man was made as
comfortable as Dossible.
It is feared that he has received internal
Injuries. Mullins is 76 years old. On ac
count of his age his injuries might result
fatally.
Policeman Behan arrested the Chinaman
and charged him with battery.
THE California Club's exhibition of
the industrial and allied arts
opens to-morrow evening with a
display of the arts and crafts of
California fuller and more repre
sentative than any ever before _ held in
San Francisco. .
The exhibitors have been charged neith
er entrance fee nor commissions on sales.
The small admission fee charged to the
public is for the purpose of reimbursing
the club for the heavy expense of the ten
days' exhibit— 25c for single admission anrl
$150 for season tickets, good for twenty
admissions and : transferable, are tti'j
rates. . ¦ * ¦
The exhibit in the art gallery of tfie
Pavilion is to be open only afternoons and
evenings, beginning at 12 o'clock noon.
Entertaining programmes are prepared
for each day and evening. For tue
opening to-morrow evening the pro
gramme is in charge of Mrs. Edward
X. Rolker of the committee on textiles.
Following are the attractions offered,
Donald Y. Campbell being master of cere
monies:
Overture, orchestra; formal opening of the
exposition by Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor of
San Francisco; selected songs, Mrs. Gustavus
M. Arnold; speech. Mrs. Katherlne M. Ball,
representing- the art section of the California
Club; barytone solo, "The Gypsy King" (Tre
borne), Carl Yoho; address, "The Art Resources
of California." Hon. D. M. Delmas; solo- from
"Cavalleria Rusticana" (Mascagnl), Mrs. Gus
tavus M. Arnold, accompanied by Fred Maurer.
In the section of the gallery devoted to
textiles the attractions are many.; Ex
quisite modern laces, vieing with those of
the olden time, designed and wrought by
Mrs. Clyde Payne, form her loan exhibit.
HIGH JINKS FOR THE .
NATIVE SON DELEGATES
Those Going to the Grand Parlor to
Be Entertained by Past
Presidents.
The delegates from the several parlor?
of the Native Sons will, in a short time,
assemble In this city on their way to tin-
Grand Parlor to meet in Santa Barbara.
In the past Stanford Parlor has annually
entertained the delegates just before the
session, but this year the Past Presi
dents' Association will assume that func
tion. At a meeting of that association
last night it was decided to secure Cali
fornia Hall in which to hold high jinks
on the night of the 20th lnst., and D. Q.
Troy, T. C. Cornmy, J. Emmett Hayden,
J. A. Steinbach and Andrew Mocker were
appointed a committee to make arrange
ments.
There will be a high-class programme,
many of the numbers of which will be
contributed by professional talent from
the local theaters. Henry S. Martin wiM
be tendered the position of sire for the
night.
Hit Long on the Nose.
.Richard' A. , Nolan,' a 'machinist, -ap
peared before Judge Mogan \ yesterday on
charges of disturbing the peace and.bat
tery. .The complaining witness was A*- -'
torney James: H.-Long. They met on
Geary street near Kearny Saturday, night,
and. a dispute, arose about some money.
Nolan' hit , Long on the nose and Police
man Feld, who was in'the vicinity,' placed
Nolan -.under arrest. ¦. The case was con
tinued ' till to-morrow. ' .
" Rauer's Law and' Collection ~> Co., re
moved ' to 313 Bush st. v • , • ,
No Lights Showing Exits.
A warrant was secured from Judge Me
gan yesterday by Polieeman Cassidy for
the arrest of Nicholas Dethlef serf, pro
prietor of? a lodging-house at 644 Howard
street, for violating the fire ordinance.
There was a -small fire in the lodging
house Saturday night, and it was noticed
by the • firemen that there were no red
lights showing the exits or fire escapes as
required by the ordinance. Cassidy said
that Dethlefsen - had been frequently
warned to ; place the > lights i in position,
but, had neglected to do so.
SOME TESTIMONY TAKEN .
IN GLAZE MUBBEB CASE
Twelfth- Juror Selected and Prosecu
tion Introduces Diagram of
* Scene of Tragedy.
The jury was secured yesterday for. the
trial of. Robert E. Glaze, who is charged
with having murdered his partner,- Wil
liam Trewhella, at .the Windsor Hotel
on | January 14 last; .
When the. court was adiourned.on Fri
day by Judge . Dunne, eleven jurors had
been secured and yesterday the twelfth
was added . to the list, .with but little de
lay, Donald McDonald, a wholesale
liquor dealer, 120 Front street, was the
man selected to- complete the jury.
After the reading of the indictment by
Clerk Mahony, the prosecution . called Po
lice Officer ' George W. . Russell, who had
prepared plans of the scene of the trag
edy. Russell consumed an-' hour in 'ex
plaining to the jury the diagram of the
hotel and the location of the kitchen
stairs, near where Glaze Is alleged to
have waited and shot .Trewhella to death.
Owing to Attorney Foote having an en
gagement during the afternoon, the hear
ing of testimony was adjourned - at the
close of ¦ the morning session, until this
morning at 10. The jurors will be taken
to the scene of the shooting in order that
they can become familiar with the main
points of the testimony.
United Moderns.
California Lodge, United Moderns, after
the transaction of business last night
treated its members lo a pleasing enter
tainment. Walter N. Brunt RCted as
master of ceremonies. The features were:
Piano recital. Miss M. Jnderwood; recita
tion, Mrs. M. E. Elliott; address. Supreme
Vice Chancellor Elliott- old-time ballads.
Mr. Cahill; reading. Mis. Stevenson, and
funny stories by the honorary member.
Next Friday night San Francisco Lodge
of the same order will hold an open meet
ing in the Shiels buiidir.g. For the pur
pose of entertaining Us members and
friends there will be presented a high
class programme of .select numbers.
Guinee Charged With Manslaughter.
Coroner Lelandheld an inquest yester
day morning on the body of Richard B.
Sm'th, the Almshouse patient who was
killed last Saturday by a blow with a
bottle in the hands of another Inmate
named Daniel Guinee. The-jury returned
a verdict, charging Guinee with man
slaughter.
John-McNaught will deliver an address
before the Normal School students to
morrow at 3:30 p. m. His topic will be
"Some Greek Teachers." Mr. McNaught
is a most entertaining speaker. The pub
lic is cordially invited to attend.
John McNaught to Lecture.
FINANCIAL SUCCESS
OF CONCERT ASSURED
All the Boxes for Charity Event at
<Mark Hopkins Institute
Are Sold.
' The charity concert that will take place
to-night at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art is already an assured financial suc
cess. AH of the twenty boxes at $50 per
! box have been sold and only a few of the
single seats are still in the market. The
beneficiaries— the San Francisco Art As
sociation, St. Ignatius Training School for
Orphans, Seamen's Institute and Armitage
Orphanage— are thus assured of substan
tial assistance from the society concert.
One point that should be noted is that
the affair is not to be a "promenade con
cert," as wrongly announced, but a pleas
ant little interval for gossip will be ar
ranged for in the middle of the pro
gramme.
The artistic success of the evening Is
amply assured by the following excellent
programme: •
! Op 47 (Schumann), ¦ piano quartet— piano.
M)«s' Hulda Andersen; • 'cello. Miss Ames;
violin B G. Lathrop; viola, Burbank Somers.
Tenor solos (a) "Begll Occhi Lucenti" (Fal
cor.leri) (b) "Am Rhein und Belm AVein"
(Uies) 'Edgar Mills; solo for harp, old Irish,
Welsh' and Scotch melodies, Mrs. J. B. Cas
.serly soprano solo, "Scene der Andromache
aus Achilleus" (Bruch). Mrs. Gustavus Ar
rold/ An intermission of twenty minutes for
promenade. Solos for basso, (a) "Strophes
Saphlques", (Brahms), (b) "La Chanson de
Ma Mie" (D'Hardelot), t>. Van Linghem: solo
for 'cello and harp. "Le Cygne" (Satnt-Saens),
Miss Ames and Mrs. J. B. Casserly; solo for
contralto, with harp, 'cello and 1 violin, "Invo
cation" (D'Hardelot), Miss Agnes Burgin,
Mrs J. B. Casserly, Miss Ames and 1 B. G.
I^athrop; "Selections in a Persian Garden"—
words selected from the "Rubaiyat" of Omar
Khayyam Fitzgerald's translation (Lehmann)
—soprano,' Mrs. B. G. Lathrop; tenor, Edgar
Mills; contralto. Miss Agnes Burgin; basso,
L. Van Llnghem. 1 • ¦ : ¦
APFOINTrNG CANVASSERS
TO COLLECT THE FUNDS
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars Need-
ed to Pay Expense of Entertain
ing the President.
F. W. Dohrmann. chairman of the
finance committee for the reception to
President McKinley. presided at a meet
ing of citizens in the rooms of the San
Francisco Board of Trade yesterday after
noon, at which the matter of raising funds
was discussod and a number of sub-com
tuittecs appointed to canvass the city.
Mr. Dohrmann announced that $25,000
would be required for the entertainment
of the distinguished visitors, including ho
tel expenses, carriages and the decora
tion of Market street. Concerning the lat
ter, he said it was hoped that the electric
lighting arrangements, so far as the pub
lic buildings were concerned, would be of
a permanent character.
The work of appointing- eommitteemen
to canvass the forty-seven districts into
w hich the city has been divided was then
taken up and will be completed at an
other meeting which will be held this aft
ernoon in the rooms of the Merchants' As
sociation, when it Is expected a complete
list of the canvassing committees will be
given out.
KLING THRASHED -FOR
KICKING LUCY'S BOY
Interesting Fight Between a Saloon-
Keeper and Teamster Is De
scribed in' Court.
James Lucy, saloon-keeper c.t D-lo Bryant
street, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on a charge of battery. The
complaining witness was John Kling, ?i
teamster, living at 48s Eighth street.
After. hearing the evidence the Judge dis
missed the case.
It appeared that on March 29 Lucy's
boy Denis was playing around the stables
at Bryant and Chesley streets, wnere
Kling is employed. Kliug kicked the boy,
who in running away from him struck
his head against . a , .truck and nearly
knocked his right eye out. Two days later
Lucy went to the stables and asked for
the driver "of the grey team." Kling said
he was the man. "You are the man who
kicked my boy," said- Lucy, and pitched
into him. ' Kling had a curry Comb In hli
hand and cut Lucy several times on the
face with it, but he came out second best
in the encounter, as Lucy at one time was
classed as a leading lightweight pugilist.
Kling said: "He put it all over me."
The boy was in court and told the Judge
how Kling had kicked him, and how he
got the blow on the eye. The Judge
thought that Lucy could not be blamed
in the circumstances. . ¦
Lucy's boy had sworn to a warrant for
Kling's arrest in Judge Fritz' court, but
when the case was called yesterday, Lucy
said he did not want to prosecute Kllngr,
as he was a workinerman, and he was
satisfied he had been taught a lesson he
would not forget. The case was dismlssed-
MINIATURE CANNON IN
BED OF RARE ROSES
Magnificent Dinner Given in Honor
• of the Kessler-Cunningham
Bridal Party. .,
The ladies and gentiemen who are to
act as bridesmaids and ushers at the
Kessler-Cunningham wedding on Wednes
day evening were the guests of honor at
a delightful dinner piven last evening: by
Mrs. Cunningham at her home on Clay
street. It was without exception quite the
prettiest dinner of the season. The table
was uniquely decorated, red, the arSlllery
color, predominating. * In the center of
the table was a miniature cannon sur
rounded by a bed of deep red roses, and
at either end of the table loaded car
tridges peeped out from beneath immense
bunches of Papa Gontier blossoms. Flags/
draped the walls of the dining-room and'
tiny silk banners were placed at intervals
on the board, adding much to the effect
iveness, of the decorations.
At the plate of each^lady of the bridal
party was placed a heart-shaped red jew
elry case, containing a pin fashioned like
a four-leaf clover, in the heart of which
glistened a tiny brilliant. These pins were
Miss Cunningham's souvenir gifts to her
maids of honor and bridesmaids. '
Seated- at table were Miss Charlotte
Cunningham, Miss Charlotte Ellinwood,
Miss Leontine Blakeman. Miss Mary Pol
hemus, Miss Kate Mav . Dillon, Miss May
Reiss, Miss Lillie Reiss, Miss Jean Hos
kins, Miss Mattie Pratt. Miss Mattie
Steele Milton, Major Boyd, Captain Eu
gene T. Wilson, Lieutenant Guy Carlton,
Lieutenant William A. Lieber, Lieutenant
Luther M; Overstreet. Lieutenant Orri'i
G. Murfln, Lieutenant George Cook Sweet.
Lieutenant Lloyd England, Captain C. C.
Clark, Dr. Garry, Mr. and Mrs. Maurice
Casey. Dr. and Mrs.. Ellinwood, Miss Flor
ence Ives,'. Miss Patricia . Cosgrave, Cap
tain Wolfe; Willialm Hoag and. Mrs. Cun
ningham. . _ .
Having spent the money accumulated
during two years' service in the army,
Paul Warren,' late a private In Troop C.
Eleventh Cavalry, went out to the Cliff
House yesterday afternoon and put a bul
let into his brain. Warren went into the
barroom of the resort and purchased a
drink of whisky. After drinking the liquor
he walked out on the balcony and stood
for a few moments looking seaward. He
returned to the barroom, bought and
drank another glass of liquor and re
marked-to A. CL Lester, the bartender,
that "it was a fine day."- He stood for a
few moments leaning over the bar and
then walked down to the lavatory in the
basement.
A few moments later a shot was heard.
The attendants rushed down the stairs
and found the lifeless body, of Warren in
a small room, with a bullet hole over his
right eye. Death had' evidently been in
stantaneous, i ' ¦
The body was taken to the Morgue, and
a search of the clothing revealed an ex
cellent discharge from tne army. From it
it was learned that Warren wa^ from
Quincy, 111., 31 years of age and a stenog
rapher by occupation. He had been paid
$110 when mustered out. barkeeper Lester
of \ the Cliff stated that he had the ap
pearance of. a man who had been on a
protracted spree.
Paul Warren, Who Served In Manila
With the Eleventh Cavalry,
Tires of Existence With
out Money.
Discharged Soldier Blows
# Out His* Brains After ,
Taking a Drink.
KILLS HIMSELF
AT CLIFF HOUSE
The Settlement of Many Questions of
Long Standing and of Annoy
ance to Public Made
Possible.
t -
The bill amending the revenue laws, in
troduced into the Legislature early in the
last session and finally passed in a much
altered form, has just been received at
the Assessor's office.
Assessor Dodge, in speaking of the rad
ical changes which the bill will effect in
the affairs of his office, states that the
meet important innovation concerns, the
collection, by seizure and sale, of taxes
on personal property not secured by real
estate. This duty was formerly exercised
bv the Assessor and now devolves upon
the Tax Collector. ' ,
Another amendment makes it the duty
of each person to file a sworn statement
with the Assessor as to whether 01 not
he is the owner of any taxable property.
It also gives the Assessor the authority to
subpoena and examine any person witn
reference to property which j may be
stored with such persons The effect of
tnis amendment is to settle matters of lit
igation resulting from a question of the
Assessor's right to exact sworn state
ments from warehouse men, with refer
ence to goods stored in their buildings.
Taxable property, from. outside the coun
ty, but from within tne State, will be sub
ject to taxation in this city if found here
the first Monday in March. The Super
visors are given greater authority also in
the matter of refunding taxes collected
through duplicate or erroneous assess
ments. In the past this matter has
caused much difficulty through the inex
plicitness of ihe law. „
Another change has been effected to
provide for the cancellation of the sale
of a piece of property, made for the non
payment of an unlawfully assessed poll
tax or for one paid, but not properly
noted. An amendment which will afford
popular relief provides that a delinquent
Tax Collector must give fifteen days' no
tice of the commencement of a suit for
payment of additional taxes levied after
the equalization of the State roll, when
the previously assessed tax i has been
paia. In m*ny cases this amounts to a
few cents only and the people of the city
have been caused considerable annoyance
and expense through their Ignorance . of
any such additional tax until they were
sueO by the Collector for a sum much
greater than the original delinquency,
through the addition of penalties and
CCfctS. - ¦ . . ¦
. "The amendments and new provisions,"
says Assessor Dodge, "are, in my opinion,
all in the right direction and tend to fa
cilitate and make more certain the op
eration of the revenue laws than was pos
sible heretofore."
RELIEF PROMISED
BY NEW TAX BILL
Assessor Dodge Says Much
Is Gained, by the
Amendments.
JOTJXMIT GOING OUT
TO PAINT INDIANS
A Bally at the Bohemian Club to
Give the Artist a
Send-Off.
Amedee Joullin, well known In the Cali
fornia guild of picture painters, is pre
paring for another expedition to the home
of the red man. Two years ag:o he visited
the tribes of New Mexico and Arizona and
painted pictures that won the admiration
of artists. On the journey in view he will
first visit the tribes in Idaho and Mon
tana and then travel to the south. He
v.-'ll paint the noble buck, the Industrious
squaw and the picturesque papoose and
bring home with hn* trophies and skins
for the studio. Imcfflnation? which is .an
excellent quality of the true artist, will
supply what he fans to see.
A dinner, or little send-off, to Mr. Joul
lin was given at the Bohemian Club last
evening. Assembled at the table round
were: Frank Gelett Burgess, Porter Gar
rett. Edpar Matthews, Robert I. Aitken,
Fremont Older. James H. Graham, F. E.
Beck. W. F. Metson. W. D. English, Ry
land B. Wallace. Judge Henry A. Melvln,
Dr. A. Warner, Dr. Russell H. Cool. E. A.
Brugipre, George H. Malter, Charles G.
Yale. George T. Bromley. Hugh M. Burke
and A. Joullin.
At the annual election of the Bohemian
Ciub yesterday Frank P. Deering was
elected president, John Landers
vice president, Charles K. Field secre
tary and John Dempster McKee treas
urer. The following named directors for
the year were chosen: Charles J. Dick
rr.an, D. Ernest Melliss, Arthur W. Moore
and Wallace A. Sabin.
Vanderlynn Stow, the retiring president
of the club, has served the institution
•with remarkable fidelity and cuceess for
a period embracing two regular terms.
During his administration of affairs the
plans for acquiring a grove of noble red
wood trees were put into practical opera
tion and carried to a successful finish. ¦
The Bohemian Club -was the first insti
tution in the State to fully estimate the
grandeur and beauty of the redwood for
ests. The agitation for reserving a grove
began with the Inauguration of the mid
summer high jinks in the woods twenty
years ago. The eloquence of General "W.
H. L. Barnes, Frank M. Ptxley, John F.
Swift, John H. Boalt and Horace G. Platt
induced many members to subscribe to
the sentiment of preservation, but it was
reserved for .Mr. Stow's administration to
find purchasers for the bonds. It is high
ly creditable to the Bohemian Club as an
organization that it has saved to Califor
nia one of the most beautiful and majestic
groves of the famous Russian River for
est. The example of the club in this en
terprise will surely speak to other socie
ties of public spirited men.
They Axe Credited With Having
Saved the Renowned Grove of
Bsdvoods on the Eussian •
River.
Compliments for Vanderlynn
Stow and for His As
sociates. v
BOHEMIAN CLUB
ELECTS OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJL; TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 190i;
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LIVELY ROW
j Is In prospect between the Russian Bear
. on one side and the British Lion on th»
; other. The timely hints of the helpful
; sort about our laundry work will save
you many an unpleasant predicament and
row.
Our -work Is sent home right — It must
satisfy us, as experts, then we're sure
'twill satisfy you.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
, Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and>ana!ogous complaints of tha
Ortana of Generation.
Price » a bottle. For »al» by draggl»t»-
AMUSEMENTS.
The Most Gorgeous Production
Known i o the Sta&c.
ET NOTE THE CHANGE OP TIME.
Evenings at 8— Matinees at 2.
America's Distinguished Emotional Actress,
WORE TH^N" "QUEEN.
An Imperial Spectacle, Founded on the Ro-
mance of Napoleon and Josephine. .
1 MAGNIFICENTLT RICH.
HISTORICALLY CORRECT. I
i ~~- "
BElASCOA*nTHAl£Sjfefi^
® tmsrt car ttjus
TO-NIGHT AND BVERT EVG THIS WEEK.
Matinees Satx-day and Sunday.
Engagement of America's Tragedian.
•Supported by the Central Stock Company.
Superb production of the beautiful play.
"INCOMAR."
« A Powerful Cast. Perfect Ensemble.
DDirCS. EVENINGS 10c. 15c. S5c. 50e
I iilCCJi MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23o
NEXT "WEEK— Spectacular production of
"JULIUS CAESAR."
m Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"A TREMENDOUS OVATION"
Nightly Accorded to the Great Comic Opera.
I THE
"HOOT* MON."
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
TO-NIGHT. Aprfl 9th— BE:fEFIT CA1.. ETJ1
AND EAR HOSPITAL.
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50e
Telephone — Bush 9. •
.fHEATRE ~A?
LAST WEEK.
TENNESSEE'S
PARDNER^ &•
BEST PLAT OF THE SEASON.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week, "OB SUSANNAH."
-h "
A GREAT EASTER BILL!
I'REVOST AND PREVOST. HAL STEPHENS
AND CO.. JOSEPHINE GASSMAN AND
HER PICKANINNIES. GEORGE H. WOOD.
FULLER. MOLLER AND BURKE. HAMIL-
TON HILL. THE GIRL OF QUALITY. THB
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH, TSCTCER-
NOFF*S MARVELOUS DOG CIRCUST^
Reserved Seats, 23c: Balcony. 10c r Opera Chairs
and Box Seats. 50c
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND* OPERA MOUSE
ALL THIS WEEK,
Our Brilliantly Successful Easter Spectacle.
"CINDERELLA."
INTRODUCTION OF THE NEW EASTETiN
STOCK COMPANY.
Sliniature Stage and Vaudeville Kntertaiiunent.
Morosco's Shetland ' Ponies and Their Baby
Offspring.
• The Fairy Coach— The Bell Ballet.
Magnificent Scenery. Costumes and Effects.
ICO People 1C0.
Ponies on View In Lobby of Theater.
PRICES — 10c. 13c, 25c. 50c. Few Seats at 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees Good Orches-
tra Seat ZsC.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
RAfPQ TANFORAN
AWEJ_ PABK.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKET CLUB.
* WEEK APRIL 8 to IX.
' SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY. .
Wednesday,- hurdle race; Thursday., handicap.
3-year-olds and over. &00 added; Saturday—
BIG DAY— Steeplechase and Colts" Trial
Stake?, 52CCO- added.
NEXT. WEEK SEVERAL BIG EVENTS! "
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend Sts. — 7, 9:30,
11:30 a. m.; OI0..1, 1:30. 2 p. m. - :
Returnlns leaves track 4:15 and thereafter at
short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladies
and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). $1 B.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER, Racine Secretary-
FT^rHFR'S; CONCERT HOUSE.
r lOlsnEiIi O Admiswien 10c.
Laura Lopez, the Orlskanys, T. Payne, Ke!«
cey Sisters, Mabel Martin. Tom Mack. Melville
Coakley and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
Seats, 23c Matinee Sunday.
MVIi liliUJJIlll ' HUiff IIIV IIUM Mil a 1'BH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills/
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and * Too Hearty
; Hating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
i ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
: in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain nj
, the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thay
• Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price. .
' k t$$W Cured While
i You Sleep
; atm^yim In fifteen Days
1 * Gran-Solrent" dissolves Stricture like «now bo.
- neath tbe sun. reduces Knlarged Prostate and
i ttrengtbens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains arul
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
. - No dross to ruin the stomach, but > direct local
and positive application to tbe entire nretbral tract,
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid, It Is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and HexlM*
tad so narrow as to pass the Closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe St. James Assn.. Box S-'U, Cincinnati, Cbu
prepared at grreat expense nn exhaust- pnprl
rre Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL I
oystera- which tb*» will send to MirnLLl
tnule applicant, . _¦ .!»¦¦•»
ST. JAMES ASS!),, ""c'Sffiffi; 0-,.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
M*ny thousand physicians and
( millions of persons invariably ex-
perienced beneficial effects. Try
Vin Miriani on its merits.
All Druggists. \ Refuse Substitutes.
WHO is it that advises you to put
Has he made money HIMSELF?
SUCCESS camps with SUCCESS.
Then FOLLOW-* success. FOLLOW
me.
JAS. R. T. MERSHON,
537, 538, 539,550 PARROTT BDC.S.F.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
JOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
D A I A fl F These hotels p° s -
r ALAul ess the attribut -s
j . ihat tourists, and
Qfin travelers appreciate
UIIU.;- — <entral locatron
HP AND I^eral manage
UflnSiy ment, modern ap-
unTn o ' p°' ntments a n d
HUltLui perfect cuisine.
¦ iwii-i.wy American- and Eu-
Saii FranClSSOi ropean plans. .,. v
j one pimrsv
; / MCBURNEY'S
' /TO* v*$m Kidnev* 1 " 1 Biaiw»
(¥r /) ¥ 1V1Une J^CURE
tQ iy 7 A thorough cure lor
W"| . pains in the back,
W^ J v BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
24 rj ? female troubles, incon*
tluenco Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting -of children, gravel, gall stonas,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. ¦ ,-
—FOR SALE AT — - i .
No Percentage Drug Co., 949-951 Market
St.; Dahlbender Drug Co.. 214 Kearny st.
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. Fr McBurney.
418 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.. for 3
days' treatment. Prepaid Jl 50. Druggists.
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A ~ ,C& 1051UA22£TS?.tei.6-Ji&7&,S.?.Cal'. 4 *
\ CtT The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
B «<£%*!&. World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V disease positively cared by the oldest T
® IB *?3 1 s P ecia!ist on ttlc Coast Est. 36 years. ©
I I^^S DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 6
»^?§¥^S Consultation free and strictly private. \
I ' I JS*^t tt Troatmcnt Personally nr by letter. A A
' fi ]f <S h ¦PW1'"« Curt in every case undertaken. . T
1 1 S '/ Hal Write for Cook. PIIII.OSOl'llY of A
"II I |1 MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. fAf
ll valuable book for men) . \
f DK. JORDAN «fc CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f-
jj^gTfa CANDY CATHARTIC^ «
Genuine stamped 'C.C C: Never sold In bulk.
- ' Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
; - — : — -= ; ~ — : ~ ; —
D.B.'MEJ[E.jlSfrC0...jtf9^ft--'
Specialists. Dls- . ggi;^ V
ease and "Weakness fiwjiw ¦ __j .-, j-se>4 '
cf men. Estab- RSg J *s^*£fi&T\
lisbed 18S! Consul- 01 < X3^^f
tation and private vffl''. I /y*A \
book free, at office fiUul r*U««;l
or by mail. Cures CSM.jffjies.^£>
guaranteed. 73 1 fofiw^Wat^??
Market street <ele- A^^M\W
vatnr entrance), >s15V ffi%:£siSrv
San Francisco. ->^^tfS^W^Vir3SF*
rt ¦ |"P ' O nil I I Corner Fourth ani
\ . U r T K 1 1 1 U I cur rk Spec S ikl F "Brl£
' ' valises checked fre*
Ci.'SCffa Now York PIttaburg' St. Lou la Philadelphia IMiMli yf***^^*^^^ &
KSfS* Manufacturers also of Fairy Soap Wjim I BS9^^?^^^^^S fe^s%
~* ¦ . • ¦ - ¦¦ . - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦'¦¦.¦ ¦ .¦.•.'. ¦ ¦ . '-.'" ..'.-•¦¦-. - - .EASTERN MARKETS.
Auguste Perpoll to Placidlo Perpoll lot on
N line of Twenty-elshth street, 100 XV of
Church. W 51:8 by N .114; gift. . - '
William E. Gerrisb (Anderson) to William
Thomas D.' and Susan E. Wakelee to August
H. Wilhelm, lot, on W, line of Capp street, 123
S of Nineteenth. S 43 by -W 122:6; $4500
August H. Wilhelm to Pauline - L. WUhclm.
same; gift. '•¦ -
Isaac N. and Sarah England to -Ernest
Schmidt, lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 130
W of Castro. W 23 by S 100: $1000
Judah.Boas.to John Watklns. lot on N line
ot O'Farrell street, 28?:6'W of Steiner XV 22
by N 82:6' (Hamilton Square): $1000.
David H. and . Frank -, E. ¦ AVatklns to same,
same; $10CO.
Matilda Farber mirschberg) to E- S Heller,
lot on'N line of Jackson street. So %V of Oc
o?: V n6,So. i2:6 ' r 1W ' SE 40:1^ > tiE 13:1U ' s
PvEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
NEW TORK, April S,— There was very little
interest in the way of new features in Metal
circles to-day. The absence of information from
abroad, owing to the continued observance r.p
the Easter holidays at . that point, exerted i
disposition here to trade cautiously. The chansrn
Ehow £j"T e T 3 , 6 in Tln - »»" metal ad vanning
on good local Inquiry to $26 20@26 35, at which
rgure the market closed very strong for "pot
SSSSbfTSa? 1 the Beneral Ust wa 'iH?-
Domestic Iron was quiet at ?9 50@10 50 for Pig
New- York Metal Market:
«n? O i^~ Recelp £L to ~ day ' 18 - 000; to-morrow, 13,-
f 01 i^toY 6 , 1 ". 2000; market active. Be higher;
top. $6 20. Mixed and butchers', $3 85@6 15; good
to choice heavy, $606 20; rough heavy, $5 S0@
S 12°4. * ' * 75 ® 6 ° 7I/4: bUlk ° f SaIe *' * 5 95®
s'HEEP-Recelpts, 22,000; sheep- and lamb-,
strong. Good to choice wethers, $4 8505 10- fair
to mixed choice, $4 50@4 90; Western sheep, #83
«?., 10; export p 23; yearlings, $4 So@5 25; native
cnppeV ? U^ 40: WeSt6rn ¦>«"*.". tacludln!
CHICAGO, April 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20,
000. Including 200 Texans; market strong to 10c
higher; active. Good to prime steers, $5@6 10;
poor to medium, $3 90@4 95; stockers and feed-
SFi-Jin!!' i 2 I 5 ® 4 75: cows -' * 2 90 @ 4 6 °: canners,
J2 10^2 80; bulls. $2 00@4 50; calves, steady, $4 75
@6; Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 30; Texas grass
steers. $3 50@4; Texas bulls. $2 75@4 . .
Chicago Livestock Market.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26,000 " 22,000.-
Wheat, bushels 85,000 ' . 132,000
Corn, bushels 141,000": 820,000
Oats, bushels ........... 173,000 252,000
Rye, bushels '4,000-
Barley, bushels 6,000 ' • 1,000 •
¦On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 15@20%c; dai
ries, ll@18c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 12%c Cheese
firm, HS12%c. . . . .'
Cash quotations .were as follows r Flour,
quiet and steady. No. 3 spring Wheat, 66@70c;
No. 2 red, 70 1 / 4@73c. No. 2 Corn, 44c;. No. 2 yel
low, 44c. No. 2 Oats, 27c; No. 2 white, i28%c:
No.. 3 white. 27%<329Uc No. 2 Rye, 53c. Good
feeding Barley,-47c: fair to choice malting, 49@
68c. No. 1 Flaxseed. $152; No. 1 Northwestern,
$153%., Prime Timothy Seed, $4 10. Mess -Pork,
per barrel, $14 45Q 14 50. Lard, per 100 pounds,
$8 35<g8 37%. Short Rib sides, loose, $8@8 20. Dry
salted Shoulders, : boxed, 6%@6%c. Short Clear
sides, boxed, $8 37%@8. 50. > Whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27. Sugar— Cut Loaf, 6.04c; Granuiat
ed,' 5.47c: Confectioners' A, 5.34c; Off A, 5.19c.
Clover, contract crade, $11..
GRAND
W W Moreland. Cal
C B Bills. San Jose .
C T Morton. Mexico
E W King. Uklah
C F- Foster. Corning
T A Heagen. St Louis
F E Dowd, Sta Rosa
O Sciibner. Bakersfleld
W J Stevens. Los Ang
F D Stephenson. Mo
C W Ferrea. Seattle
A Wetzel & w. Eureka
L A Bumgard. Oal
W\Hine. Los Angeles
E T Hatch. Alaska
Mrs L Steward, 111 •
Miss L Hunt. Ill
Mrs H A Bostwick.
Honolulu
A L Galvtn. Redding
W B Gestler. Placer
W Mulr. Sacramento
A W Malthy & w. Cal
J H Mugridge. Vallejo
Mrs J Haws, Greely
G Pacheco & w. Cal
A H Mounand. Sctlnd
S Golby. Tex
Mrs F O Evans. Iowa
J P Herknew. Iowa
S Fink. Iowa
G F Kubles. St Paul
Miss Kubles. St Paul
F Walker. Denver
W Shrieber & w. Ohio
O W Clark & w. Mich
B D Vaughn &w.Micli
H Tugsy. Alarr.eda
N Blackstock. Ventura
PALACE
A Evans, "Mexico
W Hawward & w. Neb
D B Henry. Detroit
W C Streeter. Chgo
G A Hutchinson, Chgo
W Richardson Jr. Wyo
Mrs XV A Uichard3on.
Cheyenne
OH Harrisson. N Y
H M Yerin^ton. Cal
A H Buchanan & w.
Nelson. B C
Dr A II dc Forest, De
troit*
A Harrisson. London
A S Bell. Ireland
K J Mathews. N Y
R A JleAlllster. Wi3
E K CaJne. Seattle
A H Marten. S Jose
Mrs M Y Wynne. Cal
Mis* A C Putman. Bos
W S BIckaler & w.
Denver s
Mrs J A Reichrath
Detroit
A G Booth & w, Cal
Dr W A Hendry. L An
G W Koenig. Koston
A F McFarland & w,
Cal i
H P Anderson, L An<i
G G Foster & w. N Yi
<J Petrrsen. Hamburg
M Smith. Denver
E Smith. Denver
F Godd & w, Fresno I
HOTEL.
W H Alle"n. Cal
T A Wagner, Ohio
B H Bayles & w. Cote
P H Bilge, Batavla
J H Gardiner. Cal
T Resan, San Jose
D W Johnston. Los A
F B Brookman. Ill
R A Wilson. Honolulu
N D Creelman, Colo
P A Perry, Boston
B P Barker. LiVermor»
E M Wlttalnson. Cal
A B Humphrey, Sacto
T J I-eary. N T
A H Hart. N T
J I> Heskner, Mich
P O Phllbrook. Mich
Mrs F O Edwards, De»
Molnes
Mrs A W Kruse. N Y
Miss A Kruse, N T
Mrs O OIney. N T
C W Parker, w & son.
N T
C A Wrisht. Fresno
A G Gunn. Fresno
W,M Smith. Fresno
Mrs G L Easterday.
Watsonville
Mrs S D Easterday.
Denver
J II Roberta. Sacto
F Cox. Sacramento
Dr C J Minor. Fresno
C Gllsey. N Y
Miss' Baumeister. Par 1 .?
Mrs- G L Baker. Cana,
HOTEL.
E N "Jaeger. N Y
Mrs E J Benjamin. Cal
Mra C I> Warren. Chg
I> II Tletgnea. Germny
J II Boyce. N Y
W D Henry. N It
Mr & Mrs Llppincott.
31 Kingman. Illinois
L S Newd & w, Denvr
M Clark. N Y
M Tillotroir N Y
A H Boomer. Cal
A_ K 'Boomer, Cal
W A Kober, Pittsburg
*V S Tevia Salt Lake
L Neil, x y
.V E Hyde. Visalia
G S Schesky.. B C
O J Ktorer, N Y
W O French. X Y
A Kreli. 'Cincinnati
-V O- Robinson. Loaisvl
«; G Wheler. » Y
M M O'Coyle. Pa
•I A Runarclpr. Pa
W II Dean. Fa
O ii Sauce, .Pa
J B Russell. Pa
i> F Harrington. N Y
W Ccol, Denver :
H Ohahners. Dayton
L Jirs!>. N Y >
«• Holmes ''hlcago
ilrn H n O'Ki-fo. Cal
I> K Rylanit. Cal
Mrs E K Stophctt; Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 7O',i .71^ 70U . 7Ui
July 71Vi 72% 71 71%
Corn No. 2—
April 43%
May 44 44^ 43?i 44%
July 4S& 44 43V4 43%
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 25% . 23% 25%
July 25% 25% 25^ 25V4
Mess Pork, Der barrel —
May 14 80 14 SO 14 35 14 50
July 14 85 14 8754 14 47',£ 14 60
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 8 37^4 8 3754 8 22»4 8 25
July 8 27% 8 27»/a ,8 12»i 8 17Vi
September 8 27^ 8 30 8 15 • 8 17 1 /.
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ..'. 8 15 8 20 8 05 8 10 -
July .....8 02«4 8 05 7 90 7 92%
September 8 02% 8 05 7 92% 7 92%
ment to some although tbe purely
T-ommcrcia! i:?eds for money are likely to be
NEW YORK. April S.— The call loan rate
proved again to be the solar plexus of the
Flock market, as it has done on many oc
casions before. The constriction of the money
supply and the advance in the rate for call
money precipitated such a spasm of liquida
tion as threw the stock market into a con
dition bordering on demoralization. What
happened to-day in the stock market Is what.
according to all observers, was bound to» hap
pen in due course of time. Nevertheless, as
is the wont of stock market happenings, the
day's event came as a surprise. Even the
most enthusiastic bull has agreed to the prop
osition that such a rampant speculation ae
has been going on for weeks past was bound
to overdo itself and be followed by a relapse
of corresponding violence. Only the enthusi
astic bull has clung to the supposition that
the relapse was still remote and has continu
ally moved forward the supposed date of its
occurrence in the hope that there was time
for Mill another Fpet'ulative turn. Even the
wild and excited market of last week, which
•was an ominous symptom, left the bulls un
prepared for to-day's developments. Tips for
a rise i.i many stocks were still widely preva
lent before the opening this morning and the
explanation was offered that Thursday's flurry
in call loan rates was due to manipulation
by the bears. But the instant the market
opened It became evident that the develop
ments tince Thursday bad induced a wide
spread determination to sell stocks. Another
palpable fact was that some of the most pow
erful operators In the market had already sold
their holdings and taken profits during the
wild excitement of last week and were com
pactly organized on the bear side of the mar
ket this morning. Perceiving the "highly vul
nerable condition of the market owing to the
over-extension of long accounts thinly mar
ginsd and backed by weak resources, the
bears fell upon the market with great fierce
ness and cut a wide breach in prices at th«
lirs-t onslaught. The- wide extent of the first
declines, v.hich were made by successive drops
from 1 to VA points between sales. Invited
quick profit-taking by the bears and the vio
iont rallies which ensued encouraged the bulls
to make 'some stand against the reduction,
Jioiung that the flurry was temporary and the
market prepared to renew the advance. This
was the only period of the day when there
was any show of positive strength, and Sugar
People s Gae, Texas and Pacific and a number
of less important stocks were marked ud
sharply over last Thursday's level.- The
strength was short lived, however, and after
the demand from the bears had been satisfied
tnany of the banks began calling loans. This
.^TYil ,*/!**« ""PP^ of liquidation In the
inarkrt and invited fresh attacks by the bears
The selling became precipitate as the fall in
rr.c-es wiped out margins and uncovered etop
ir, sa orders and the unlucky bulls Jettisoned
creat bales of stock with the hope of relieving
'm™'~v C^ saving other holdings from the
Hhtpwm-.k. The only Important demand at anv
time came from the ehorts and the occasional
•¦r>aFiftodical rallies were not held in any caw
This was true of the laFt as of former rallies
and although prices had not fallen back" to
the lowest a!l avound. they were again on the
down grade In most cases and the closing
was irregular and only slightly above u.e
lowest The fall reached an extreme S»i V l n
Rri-k Island. Ci, in D<»:aware and Hudson SVi
in Amalgamated Copper. «% In Colorado Fuel
preferred and from 2 to ." joints in practically
Kll of the active stocks- in the- list. The
<;ranEcrs. Pacifies. Southwerterns 'Southerns
foaJcrs. trunk lir,«»s end high-priced specialties
were m-st acutely affected, sterling exchange
?¦ased o"X FlifliUy In response to the higher
»rxney rato. but tbe conviction, /was not al
tered that a larpe additional sum of -cold will
be exported to m«t the requirements of the
I^Miildn money market in connection with thr
's-rotng- Oov*rrin-.etii loan. The movement of
t!i» mtto*f to the Interior as disclosed by ¦Sat
urday's bank statement was unusually "heavy
nn<1 wou'.'i J»e t-uftioicnt if continued, to'quick
ly" wipe out the' turplus of the New York
liankF. but any considerable stringency in
KtW York would undoubtedly arrest this move-
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO. April 8. — For a moment at the
opening the Corn market resembled to a degree
the wildness which characterized the market
last week._ Seasonable weather and liberal re
ceipts caused a rush to sell at the start, and
May ranged from 44 to 43%c, }s@%c under Sat
urday's closing price. Greater weakness had
been expected, and when it failed to materialize
shorts covered and the market worked back to
44%@44%c. Profit-taking by country holders
caused a reaction to 43%@43%c The Wheat
strength caused a rally from this to 44%c, and
the close was firm, with May Va@%c higher at
44%@44%c. The volume of business was very
much less than recently. Phillips did but little.
¦ "Wheat was still feeling thn bearishness of
Snow's crop report at: the opening to-day. The
sentiment was further weakened by seasonable
weather, liberal receipts and an ! increase on
passage. Bears were active at the start, May
selling from 70% to. 70>4c. %@%c under the
previous close. A report that German Wheat
had suffered from frost and a similar rumor
from California started shorts covering. It de
veloped that the market had been sold to a
standstill. Very little Wheat was to be had,
and May, reacted sharply to 70%c. A visible
decrease of 859,000 bushels, lighter primary re
ceipts, heavy clearances and good export de
mand later Imparted additional strength, and
May rallied to 71V4c. Commission houses bold
on the advance, but the close was firm, with
May %c higher at 71',ic. It was reported later
that the California frosts had done little dam
age to grains. The Orange Judd Farmer re
ported that the 'condition ot winter Wheat Is
practically perfect in the centers of heavy pro
duction, the general average being 95.5. against
85.7 at the same date for me past seven years.
The market for Oats was dull. May closed a
shade down at 2o%@25 5 / sC.
Provisions were dull and weak, May Pork
leadipg the decline under liquidation by out
side holders to secure what profits remained.
May Pork closed 35c under Saturday, Lard 10c
down and Ribs 2Vic depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows: •
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, April 8.— A quiet and uninter
esting market was current for evaporated ap
ples to-day. Exporters held aloof and prices
were without change. State common, S@
4c : prime, 4%@4Jic ; choice, 5@5%c, and fancy,
6@6^c.
California dried fruits were Inactive but
steady. Prunes. 3U@7c per lb as to size and
ouality.
'APRICOTS — Royal. 7.%®12c: Moorpark, SM
@13e. -
PEACHES— Peeled, 12»4(g'20c; unpeeled, HJ4,
@10c. '_ ¦:..¦
* — . . — — -*
NEW TORK, April l-FL/DUR-Recetpts,
30.000 barrels; .exports, 47,225 barrels. Market
moderately active at a slightly lower range of
prices on some grades, although generally
mills remain firm. Minnesota patents, $3 90
@4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 66,600 bushels; exports,
329,000 bushels. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red, 79V4o
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 77%o elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, SoTJo f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 89%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened firm on covering and after a sharp re
action under liquidation impelled by fine crop
prospects, recovered on a demand from shorts,
helped by heavy clearances, export buying and
a large visible supply decrease. Closed firm J ,&c
net advance. May, 76 6-16@77' / 4c; closed, 77Vsc;
July, 76^@77 5-16c; closed, 77V4c; September,
76 1 ,4@76*ic; closed. 76%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady. . -
WOOL— Dull. *.
COFFE El-Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice,
6%c* mild, dull; Cordova, 8^4©12%c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady .• to firm; fair refining,
3H@'3 17-32c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 5-16c. Refined, steady. ¦ ¦
BUTTER— Receipts, &S0O packages; firm,
fresh creamery, 16@22c; factory, ll@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 16,279 packages;- steady."
Western fresh, 14c; storage Western, 14@14*4c;
Southern at mark, 13@13%c. . .
' Dairy Exchange, Quotations.
Xt the fially meeting of the Ban Francisco
Dairy Exchange yesterday lt was unanimously
voted that In view of certain newspaper
charses that the exchange was manipulating
the market Quotations for Butter, Cheese and
Eggs, State Dairy Commissioner Vanderbilt
be Invited to examine the methods of the ex
change, and that If he found the charges true
the exchange would cease to make quotations.
In the contrary event they would be estab
lished every day as at. present.
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Mall advice* from New Tork say
'"Epot stocks of prunes ure steadily being de
pleted, and there is as jet no elgn of any
considerable renewal of supplies by arrivals
from the coast. Demand continues active, and
In many cases good en route are sold long be
fore reaching the market. The trade Is still
running on oO-6Cs chiefly, and this size lt is
not easy to pet now at 5%c. Some holders are
firm at 6c. Other sizes of Californlas are less
wanted, but sellins well, excepting 70-SOs and
80-90s. Oregons are going out to the email
trade in a lair way.
"Raisins generally are quiet. There is a lit
tle inquiry at 6c. Low grade peaches are
selling fairly ¦well to the regular small trade.
Apricots are dull, figs continue steady and
are- in good request. Bag figs are virtually
cleaned up. Evaporated apples dull and un
changed."
WeatJurr Report.
(i:oth Meridian— Pacific Time.) *
SAN FRANCISCO. April S-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
4nte, as compared with those of same date
lust season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
bcura;
t^an KranciFco data: Maximum temperature,
C6; minimum. 44; mean, Z2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continurs high over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains and there
hag l>een but little change during the past
twelve hours. The temperature lias risen from
S to 10 decrees over Oregon, and Idaho.
Throughout California and Nevada tempera
tures ptill cwitinup Iwlow the normal, but the
present coH f-pell will probably be over within
trirty-M» hotnu.
Frosts ori> likely to occur again 9a Tuesday
morning generally through California, but
probably n<U quite as heavy.
A t-trfng north wind is blowing la the Sacra
mento 'Valley.
.Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
£<,urs ending midnight. April 9, 1901:
Isorthern California— Fair Tuesday; not uuite
*<¦• cold; light northerly winds, high In the in
t. rior; light to heavy frosts where the wind
erases.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light to
heavy frosts In the morning back from the
ciast; brisk northerly winds in the afternoon.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer; light north
erly winds.
l.'tali— Fair Tuesday: warmer; light northerly
»indp; heavy frosts Tuesday morning.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday: light frosts Tues
day morning In the Salt River. Valley.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
r.oi eo cold; light northerly, changing to west
tJly wind. ALEXANDER G. McADIE. •
Forecast Official.
met without regard to distress of purely spec
ulative borrowers. The Sub-Treasury drain,
which is destined to continue, is more feared
than any other source of encroachment, and
the conditional offer of the Secretary of the
Treasury to redeem Government bonds for the
sinking fund is felt to offer little hope of
relief for tho stock market.
Business in bond3 was relatively less active
than that in stocks and the movement of
prie»s was irregular. . Total sales, par value,
$3,510,000.
United States' refunding 2s advanced % and
new 4s \i per cent on th'e last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stocks— . Bid.
41,200 Atchison 61%
30,100 Atchlson prefd 94',i
7.&00 Baltimore & Ohio....; 91
400 Canadian Pacific 93»,4
2,000 Canada Southern 62^
4,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 46>,4
2.JC0 Chicago Great Western 22^,
66,500 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy....:.. 182^4,
6, ICO Chicago Ind & Louisville ; 37
2,700 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 72^
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 114
4.000 Chicago & Northwestern 187^
41.700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific*. 143
2,400 C C C & St Louis S0&
7,400 Colorado Southern "... '.'. 10H
1,200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45%
700 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. 19*i
li.700 Delaware & Hudson 176',,
400 Delaware Lack &"Western 215
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande 43VS
100 Denver & Rio' Grande prefd 94»£
79,300 Erie .- 36%
11.500 Erie 1st prefd 68
1,900 Great Northern prefd 203
3,100 Hocking Coal 19<A
600 Hocking Valley 53
6.9C0 Illinois Central 139'A
4,000 Iowa Central 3414
1,600 Iowa Central prefd 61%
1,200 Lake Erie & Western J5O»4
Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
Lake Shore .'.210«i
30,500 I>3uisville & Nashville 102'i
26,600 Manhattan L 126%
30,100 Metropolitan Street Railway 165%
2.100 . Mexican Central 21*4
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 84>i
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
l!>,50O Missouri Pacific 102
200 Mobile tOhio 81
6.S0O Missouri Kansas & Texas 24%
7,WX) Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 57
300 New Jersey Central 155
31.100 New York Central .'^SiJi9' / 4
6,800 Norfolk & Western , CO
700 Norfolk & Western prefd 86
46.100 Northern Pacific 95%
10.300 Northern Pacific prefd.... 94V»
13,100 Ontario & Western 33%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
C6.600 Pennsylvania •'..... 155^
1C.600 Reading 34%
20,500 Reading 1st prefd 74V4
14.800. Reading 2d prefd 6H4
Rio Grande Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd 100
6,0*10 St Louis & San Francisco 40V>
. 100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd $2\b
2,0(10 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd. ...... 65?i
1.0U0 St Louis Southwestern 35
4,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64
60,100 St Paul 151',;
500 St Paul prefd 190
100 St Paul & Omaha 135
20.600 Southern Pacific *i%
21,200 Southern Railway 27
¦ 5,600 Southern Railway prefd 78%
24,400 Texas & Pacific 36%
57,900 Union Pacific 90%
5,900' Union Pacific prefd 84%
2.300 Wabash 19
€.900 Wabash prefd 37%
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18>,4
1,700 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 34%
2,000 Wisconsin Central 19
Third Avenue 121
2.900 National Tube 66%
1.600 National Tube prefd 116
- 2,200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 90
Express companies—
Adams 160
100 American ." 197',i
3,100 United States 82
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous-
IIOO American Cotton Oil 28
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
American Malting 5!-
American Malting prefd 25
65,600 American Smelting and Refln 62%
13,500 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 96%
American Spirits 2!«.'
American Spirits prefd 17
1,500 American Steel Hoop 46
1,200 American Steel Hoop prefd 95
17.100 American Steel & Wire 47
American Steel & Wire prefd 111^
American Tin Plate 75
American Tin Plate prefd 119!i
40,200 American Tobacco 125%
.- American Tobacco prefd 144
Anaconda Mining Co 47%
26,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SIVi
3,1,900 Colorado Fuel & Iron 73'
6,000 Continental Tobacco - ¦ io\i
¦ 400 Continental Tobacco prefd ..103
,4,700 Federal Steel oZ\i
100 Federal Steel prefd ...103*
1,500 General Electric '. 215
f.'.w) Glucose Sugar 49
100 Glucose Sugar prefd * 96
300 International Paper ". 25V&
3,100 International Paper prefd 7SV4
300 Laclede Gas .- 84t£
LOOO National Biscuit 39<i
National Biscuit prefd '95
200 National Lead 16',4
National Lead prefd 81
700 National Steel ., 5Ri,i
200 National Steel rrefd ¦ 117V.'
200 New York Air Brake. 153
1,600 North American S4U"
....... Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd .............. 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
500 Pacific Mall 36U
44,400 People's Gas . , ......109%[
2,100- Pressed Steel Car 39Vi
1,000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 81^
300 Pullman Palace Car .''...209
' standard Rope & Twine S
9L600 Sugar 141%
........ Sugar prefd .' 121
9,400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62Vi
6,000 United States Leather '. 12(4
1.200 United States Leather prefd 75'4
2.900 United States Rubber , 1914
3,000 United States Rubber prefd 56%
8,900 Western Union 90^
89.7C0 Amalgamated Copper 105
8,100 Republic Iron & Steel 19
6.300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 7514
137,400 United States Steel ......*... 465i
51,500 United States Steel prefd ..;.. 94%
P C C & St Louis 68
1,709,900 Shares eold.
• CLOSING BONDS. ..
U S refunding 2s. N Y Cent lsts ....107ii
'eg 106% N J Cent ten 6s. .131
do coup 106% North Pac 2s 7214
. do 3s reg 110% do 4s ...lOaii
do coup .111% NY C & St L 4s.. 107
do new 4s reg... 138% Norf & W con 4s..l01U'
do coup 138% Or Nav lsts' 109
do old 4s reg 113H do 4s 105U
do coup 113% OrS Line 6s 128U
'do 5s reg- 111V4 do con 5s .'. ..117'
do coup 111% Reading gen 4s ... 95
Dist of Col 3.63S...124 R G W Ista ...... .101<4
Atchison gen 4s ..102% St L & I,M con 5s. 117
do adj 4« .... 95% St L & S F gen 6s.I31U
Can So 2ds 108% St- Paul cons.......i{,9
Ches & Ohio 4'.2S..107 St P C & Pac lsts 118U
do 5s 121% do 6s y>qu.
C & N W con 7s. .142 South Pac 4s 9">u
do S F deb 5s. ..124 South Railway, 5s 117'
Chi Term 4s ., 96% S Rope & T 6s.... 60
Colo South 4s .... 87% Tex & Pac lsts.... 120
D & R G 4s 102 ao 2ds 100
Erl^'cen 4s R9 Union Pac 4s lOS^i
Kt W & D C lsts.105 Wabash lsts 12Oi2
Gen Elec 5s 180 .do 2ds .. no"
Iowa Cent lsts ...117 West Shore 4s .. !ll5
la & Nash uni 4s.. 102 WIs 'Cent lsts..... 90U
M K & T 2ds S1U Va Centuries....... 95iZ
do 4s 99V*
. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Cen 20 Litle Chief ......... 14-
AHce 34 Ontario 9 00
Hreece 1 30 Ophir «3
Brunswick Con .... 20 Phoenix OS
Coms-took Tunnel... 26 Potosi .-.;.. ...... U7
Con Cal & Va 175 Savage OS
Deadwood Terra.... SO Sierra Nevada :-5
Horn Silver' 1 10 Small Hopes ..: 63
I ,, ron >i l y ep «0 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' • [Union Pacific..:... 90%
Call loans 3@4c Union Land ; su.
Time loans 3'.£®4clwcsthouse Elec.... ss"
¦ CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, : ' 9%c : .choice,
S'.^c: common. -nominal; .Youns Americas, 10c;
Eastern,'* full .cream, ll®16c perlb: ; :¦;•--.-:»
Dairy— Extras, 14c; •firsts, 13c; seconds, ?— — ;
store, "lie •':¦:-.--•
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, - — ; dairy extras, — . .~*.J"':
.'1 Pickle, : £~'t — ' per pound. . .
¦,Kec.'. — — . per ¦! pound.. _ '. - ' ¦
¦ On. the Dairy, Exchange Butter , was . still
quoted under . large supplies. . Eggs were
u.uoted'~easyi Jhough stocks out of storage are
small and' the demand for storage continues.
Gathered were marked down. %c. Local Cheese
was quoted higher, and Eastern lower...
Receipts as. reported "by -the Dairy Exchange
were:' 63.S00 pounds and 123 tubs of Butter, 1397
cases Eggs, ¦- — cases Eastern Eggs, 19,200
pounds/California Cheese and pounds East
ern Cheese. . .-' • -¦ ¦ ' . ' ' r ' •
BUTTER— ' . -
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds,,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
No Eastern etock arrived and the market
was nominal at the old quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and 13@14c . for .•Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2 75@3; Ducks,' $3 50@6 50
for old and , $8@9 : for young: Hens, $4 50@6;
young Roosters, $7@8 50; old Roosters, $4 25@5;
Fryers, $6@6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 50 for large
and $2 5003 50 for small; Pigeons, $2 per, dozen
for old and $2 50@3 for. Squabs.
GAME— Gray ; Geese, $3; White Geese, $125;
Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 tor large: English
Snipe, $3(g3 60; Jack Snipe, $1 25@1 50; Hare.
75c@$l 25; .Rabbits, ?1@1 25 for : Cottontail and
75c for Brush. . -
Poultry and Game.
. VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, . EOc@$l 50 per box;
Asparagus, $2ig2 25 for fancy, $1 50@l 75 per box
for No. 1 and $1@1 40 for No. 2; Green- Peas,
V/s<3ZV>c. for Bay; String Beans, . 7@lCc; Cab
bage, 60@€5c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles,- $1 25@
150 per crate; from Mexico, $1 25@1 50 per
crate; ¦ Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, Los Angeles, 15c per lb for
Chile and 17',4c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12W
lCc; Dry Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l 25 per
dozen: Summer Squash. $1@1 50 per box; Gar
lic, 4@6c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20@30 per
ton.' . . . ¦ . ¦ .
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 50@3 50 per ctl: Ne
vadas; i $3 25@3 50; Cut Onions,. 50c@$l per
sack; Australians, . $3 60@4; Green*. Onions, ¦ 25®
40c per box. .
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@85c; Burbanks,
23@53c for River and 70c@$l 10 for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon. 90c@$l 10; Sweets, 60
@65c for Merced; New Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
• Receipts were 1118 boxes Asparagus, 409 boxes
IVhubarb. 626 sacks Bay Peas and 202' sacks
N-- r Potatoes. - " • .•
Potatoes and Onions stood '.about the same.
Asparagus and Peas were weak. Receipts of
Southern Vegetables were limited. ¦ .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal ; . Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 60@3; Canary, 3»,£@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%@8 1 ,4e for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah;, Rape, 2@2^c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy. ¦ 614c. •
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. ¦ .
BRANS— Bayos, $2 B0@2 70; Small White. $4 75
@4 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink. $1 50(31 90:
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3: Llmas, $6 15@
6 25; Pea, nominal;. Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
No further changes in Beans are reported.'
The market' Is dull, except for Llmas,- which
are In demand and firm. Pinks continue weak
under large stocks.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12;Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. S8(@9 60: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47V£c per bale.
¦MIDDLINGS— $16 50(319 E0 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17 5O01S- per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
?2G 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $23®
25 50: Cracked Corn, ?25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. .
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton,
Hay seems to .be showing more firmness.
Some districts are complaining of dry weather,
though no damage is reported j anywhere.
Prices stand the same, though the choicer
grades are strong.
Rolled Barley is higher* in sympathy with
the raw product. Bran is steady at the - re
cent advance," with light, receipts. "
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS^-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to \ihe trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 DO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10@7 60: in sacks, $5 75(&7 23; Pearl -Barley,
$5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1D@3 25:
Oregon, $2 75@2 S3 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', ' $2 75
@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS-^-The market : Is steady, with a mod
erate jobbing demand. White, $1 35@1 50; Sur
prise, nomilfal; Red, $1 30@l 45; Black, $1 15®
1 25 per ctl. ¦ . • . ' - \,
CORN— Dull and unchanged. Yellow, $1 10@
1 15; White, $1 10@l 15; Eastern Mixed, jl 12&
per ctl.
. RYE— Is freely offering at S0@S2V£c per ctl,
with f »w buyers.
• BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65(3>1 70 per
ctl, I ex- warehouse.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 6000 ctls,
73 J /4c; 4000 73^4c. . V
Afternoon Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES,
BARLEY— The market continues very firm,
with sales at the top quotation. Dry weather
talk Is beginning to be heard. ¦- ¦
Feed, 78%@S0c for No. 1 and 75@77V4c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades,. 82%@
S7%c; Chevalier, nominal. ¦ . ¦ .
Afternoon Session— No sales,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $105%: 40CO. $105.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls, $100%; 2000,
?1 00%; 4000, $1 00%.
Regular. Morning- Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 05^ ; 2000, $1 05%. '
CALL BOARD SALES,
The 'weather in . the West Is reported fine for
the crop, but \ bad reports are coming from
Texas, where the wheat and oats are said
to be rotting. There is a little wheat» left In
ppots in some of the fields, but the report says
that Texas will have to eo elsewhere for wheat,
oats and flour this year. Russian crop re
ports are unfavorable. ¦ ; . •' ..
This market was firmer on call and un
changed on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling. $1 O2' / 4@
1 05 per ctl. • ¦ •
- Chicago opened weak and heavy, but became
firmer, and tho shorts were busy covering. The
American visible supply decreased 859,000 bush
els. World's shipments, as far as reported,
were: Danubian, 55,000 quarters; Argentine,
194.000. . ¦ : ' -
' WHEAT— There were no foreign cables, lt
being . a holiday in Europe. New York de
clined,-but recovered. '.'-
Wheat and Other Grains.
The steamer Curacao took out $100,000 In
Mexican dollars for Sonora. / [
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ¦ $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89.
Sterling Cables — - 4 90
New i:ork Exchange, sight — 12V£
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — ¦-, 6S&
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ — . SO
Exchange and Bullion.
Metropolitan Improvement Company (owners)
with W. O. Peterson (contractor), architect
Albert Sutton— All work except plumbing, sew
ers, gas fitting, gas fixtures and shades for a
three-story frame building (flats) on SE cor
ner of Pacific avenue and Baker street. B
127:8% by E 25; $3363. .
Same owner3 with W. S. ¦ Snook & Son (con
tractors), architect same — Gas fitting, plumb
ing, etc., for same on same; $1393.
Mrs. Henrietta H. D. Satow (owner) with
J L Wilson (contractor), plans by owner— All
work for a two-stpry frame building (flats)
on S line of Clement street, 30 W ot Twenty
fifth avenue. W 25 by S 100; $2900.
Builders' Contracts.
James Lanyon to Grace M. Lanyon. lot on
W line of Webster street. 57 N" of Twenty
third or Locust. W 110 by N SO, Oakland; gift.
Isaac L. Requa and W. W. Garthwalte ti>
Mary E. Chartrand (wife of A. E.). lot- on
SW corner of Sixth and Clay streets. W% '•¦'<
by S 100. lots 13 to 18. block o2. Kellersberger'3
Map. Oakland: sr^On.
Henry and Rosa Mohr to Frank Robertson,
all interest In lot on W line of Taylor Ter
race 122:9% N of Twenty-third street, N 2a
by W 100. Oakland; $500.
Johanne Bertram • (single) to S. G. Miranda
(widow), lot. 33, block C. revised map Clare
mont Avenue Tract. Oakland: $75.
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to K P. Ban
croft lot on NE corner of Dwight Way and
Telegraph avenue, K 40 by N US. block 7.
map of property Collego Homestead Asaocla
t.on. Berkeley: $100.
Louise O'Toole to Fred W. Koch, lot on NW
corner of Berryman street and Shattuck ave
nue N 150 by W 1"3. lot 9 and S 30 feet of lot
8 block 13. fnap of property of Berkeley Villa
Association. Berkeley: $1100. r_-- •
Georse D. and Clara J. Brisley to Willatz
Johannsen. lot 12. block B, Daly Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
James Knowland and Fritz Eoehmer (execu
tors estate of Henry Seveninp) to E. B. Dun
ning, all interest In lot on NE corner of Santa
Clara avenue and Pearl street, N 1j0 by E
14 E *B an and 's. M.' Dunning (his wife) to H.
F 'Strachan (single), lot on NE corner of
Santa Clara avenue and Pearl street. N loO by
E Wiiliam"j? arid Virginia R. Dlngee. William
a and Hetty T. Henshaw to Elizabeth Wag
ner (wife of J. E. C). lot 12 block G. map
of Major Given Tract. Oakland: $500
J J and Julia Rauer to Orrin and Nancy
Allen "lot on N line of William street. 105:7ij
W of Wood, W 37:6, N I0O:7Vi. E 37:6. S
100-7'i to beginning, block 32, tract 406, map
of ' Oakland Point Railroad Ferry Landing.
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Safety
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
N line of Railroad avenue 33:4 E of Chaptn
street. E 33T4 by N 100, block 2. map of the
Chapin Tract. Alameda^ $30.
Alameda County.
C. Hamerton. lot on N line of _ Twenty-eighth
street. 100 E of Sanchez. E 2fi by N 114; $:3O0.
Charles Graner to Louisa Treadwell. lot on
S line of Cumberland street, 103 E of J»oe. E
John J. Cochran to Margaret F. Cochran.
lot on S Una of Twenty-third street, l.a W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S HJ: also lot on E line of
Ellen street. .114 N of Twenty-eighth. N 27 by
K 101-10; also lot on S line of California street.
SJ:6 E of Sixth avenue. E 23 by S 100; gift
Battista Catto to Lorenzo Lazlo, lot on K
lino of Lafayette plane. 79:6 S of Union street.
S BeiL NorUm't'o Adam Theysohn, lot on N
lino of Clay street. 113:1% W of Stockton. W
19-4^4 bv N 63 '9' $"300 •
Antonio Cerrutl to California Fruit CannerV
Association, lot on SE corner of Ba£ and Tay
lor streets. 8 120. B 83:9. N 60. E 22:11. N 60.
Adrien Goursolle to Lou!s Llpman, commenc
ing 137:6 S of Jackson street and 23:2 B of
Taylor N 40. E 22:11. N 20. E 22:11. S 16. E
566S22. W 56:6. S 22. W 43:10; *2S00.
Louis and Rose Llpman to Market Street
Railway Company, same; $10.
Eugenie and Joseph Crcssens to same, lot on
W line of Marey place, 150 S o! Jackson street,
S 22'S by W 56:6: $3000.
Jullen and Marie Pouiade to same, lot on W
line of Mason street. 137:6 N of Washington.
N John b r>.? V EUzabtth' W.. Frederick W., Helen
L.. George P. and Melita I Tal ant. Anne T.
Tubbs and Elizabeth T. Brice (wife- of John
t> to L II Sly. lot on SW corner of Jones
and Bnih streetl. W 137:6 by S 137:S;*i».Ma
A. and Amelia Aronson to Henry i an ,^ er t
ccn lot on SW line of Third street. So NW of
Mission. NW 60 by SW 107:8; $120,000
Thomas L. and Philippine Henderson to
George F. Neal, lot on SE line of Tehani*
street. 400 SW of Fourth. SW 27 by SE 80;
*°Oscar T. Walling. Victor L. and Mary
IJiron to Henrietta Lacey, lot on SE line of
Perry street. 425 SW of Fourth. SVt So by SB
SO (quitclaim deed): $1.
Michael and Henrietta Lacer to Charles I*.
Tilden. same; ?3CC0.-
Mary A. Reardon to Frederick Helntz. lot
on SE line of Minna street, 125 NB of Eighth.
NE 20 by SE 69; $4000.
Maurice Herbert to John O'Connor, lot on S?3
line of Minna street. 90 NE of Ninth. NE 63
by SE 80; JSOOO.
San Francisco Land Company to Edward J.
O'Brien, lot on N line of California street.
57-3 E of Seventh avenue, E 25. N 99:S"3. W
23, S 102:4Ai; $1CCO.
Albert Meyer to Fred B. Southworth. lot on
E line of EiehteenthJavenue, 225 N of I street.
N JO by E 120; $15C0. *
Nettie E. and William A. Beckwlth to Le<v
iiold W H. Greene, lot beginning at post 31.
being the' NE corner of Rancho Lacuna Mer
ced S 503. W 11S0, N to S line of outsida land
Mock 1259 E along S line of blocks 1239. 125S,
1157, 1256 to SE corner of last named block,
thence NE to beginning; .gilt.
Henry and Mary Belting to James Malon?.
lot on S line of Sasamore street. 2o6:S E of
Capitol avenue. E 33:4 by S V2~>. portion of lot
: block B, Railroad Homestead Association;
*10. '
*;;,., SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. \
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer. Barley market firm.
Oats and Corn unclianged. Rye freely off ere'd .and weak.
Hay shows firmer indications. Bran firm. Rolled Barley higJier.
Beans quiet and unchanged.
Coffee in ovcrsupply and weak.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry nominal and Game, featureless.
Ten cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Fair trading on the stock exchanges.
Butter unclianged. Slight fluctuations in Eggs and Cheese. ]-.\. i
Turpentine marked down.
WASHINGTON, April S.-TcKday-a statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: ¦ Available cash
balance, $161,075,779; gold, {97,232,6:8.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. April 8.— Close: Money on call,
firm at SV2@6 per cent; last loan,- 3% per cent;
prime mercantile paper, Z%Qi\i per cent. Ster
ling exchange, weaker, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
*4 84H@4 £4% for. sixty aays; .posted rates
*4 S5^@4 S9; commercial bills, U S4@4 S4'.a. Sil
ver certificates, 68@59c. Bar silver, 68%c. Mex
ican dollars, 48c. Government bonds^ strong;
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
Stocks— Bonds—
AT & Sta Fe 61% Atchison 4s ,-103
Do prefd 94% Mining Shares-* ¦
American Sugar ..141?4 Adventure ...15
Amer Telephone... 169 Bingham 24%
Boston & Albany.. 260 Amalg Copper ....10o£
Boston Elevated ..174 Boston & Mont ...370U
Boston & Maine. .193 Butte & Boston. ..104
g B ,& Q------ 182% Calumet & Hecla..825
Dominion Coal .... 37^ Centennial ........ 25%
prefd in Franklin wy,
Fitchburg prefd ..144'^ Humboldt 25
General Electric ..215 Osceola 84
prefd ..213 Parrot.. 53%
Ed Elec 111 255 . Qulncy 176
Mexican Central ..21 Santa Fe Copper.. 8:
N E Gas & Coke.. 11«£ Tamarack 335 .
Old Colony 20SV4 Utah Mining .. 35
Old Dominion 33',i Winona 4%
Rubber 24% Wolverines 50%,
Flour.- qr sks.....l6,672 Wool, bales 1,161
Wheat, ctls ...... 64,003 Shorts, sks ....... 470
Barley, ctls 9,533 Hides, No 130
Oats, East, ctls.. . 500 Pelts, bdls 194
Beans, sks ...... 703 Sugar, otls ...... 8,210
Corn.ctls .'. ' 520 Lime, bbls 40S
Bran, sks ....:... 3,780 Leather, rolls ... 123
Middlings, sks./. 553 Wine, gals ...... 86,100
Potatoes, sks ... 2,791 Chicory, bbls .... ¦ 93
Hay. tons ...;.-..'- 5S1 Silver, flks ...... 23
Straw, tons...:. 10
. * OREGON.- ¦ '
Flour, qr sks .'.. 7,4eS Oats, ctls ........ 25
Potatoes, sks .... .634
j STOCK MARKET. ;
% 7.
There was a» very fair business on the morn r
Ins session of the Bond Exchange. Spring
Valley Water sold from 520C2',i down to $90,
seller- 30. ¦ Honokaa Sugar was lower at- $31@
31 25 and Hutchinson* at '^$20 23(320. Oceanic
was higher at $4S. In the afternoon it advanced
still -further, to ?49. •.-• .
::-The oil stocks sold fairly at about the same
quotations. ¦¦' . - ,.-¦¦.. \-gf-~"
• - . . . ¦ ' ' ¦..'¦ ¦ ¦ • • ' *
FOR MONDAY. APRIL 8.
Receipts of Produce.
Salvador— \Z^<SlZVt<:" for strictly . prime
washed; SXSW/Jc for good to prime washed;
SViSS^ic for fair washed; 11®12%c for good to
prime . washed peaberry: S%(59c for good to
prime semi-washed: 8%@8%cfor superior un
washed; 8%@SUc for good green unwashed;
"30@10%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry;" 6(t()7V2C for common to ordinary. ',
Nicaragua — 12%(iil5%c nominal- for prime to
fancy washed; 9@llHc nominal for fair to
strictly "good washed; 7%<R8>4c nominal -for
good to superior unwashed: 9%®10c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala- and Mexican— 12@16c for prime to
fancy washed: "10%@ll%c .' for 'strictly good
washed: g^i^lO^c for good washed; %%&$y 2 <z
for fair washed; 7?i@SUc for medium; '6@7V£c
for Inferior to .ordinary; HS-lSc for. good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10'4c nominal for
good ¦ to prime unwashed ¦- peaberry: 8'/4<g8%c
nominal for pood to superior unwashed.
'TURPENTINE— 13 • lower at 55c per gallon
in cases and 49c in drums or Iron barrels.
Costa ¦' Rica— 14%@13 1 ,4c for strictly prime to
fancy washed; 12^2<314c for prime washed;
ll@12c>for good washed; ll%@13c for good to
prime washed peaberry: lltfJll-ic for good to
prime peaberry; 10%@ll»ic for good- to prime:
9(g)10c for good current mixed with black
'beans; 9{J10c for fair; 6@7?ic for common to
ordinary.-. 1 . X
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 9752
bags Costa Rica, 453 .Nicaragua, 13,339 Sal
vador, 21,825 Guatemala, 1626 Mexican and 5C27
bags of other kinds; In all 52,022 bags, as
agsinst 57.379 bags same tjme last year." ¦
•We quote market Jrm and fairly active as
follows:, ~~ ... . ¦ • . .
"Coffee has developed a weak position since
March 7 and prices for Brazils in New York
are where they were prior to the speculative
movement there, showing a net loss of %c
per pound during, the month undar review.
Brazil receipts are too heavy, coffee stocks
are too large to be Ignored, and all consum
ing markets are showing the ¦ effect of over
supplies. Local: business has utterly turned
quiet as buyers deem conservatism the best
for their Interests, especially in view of the
recent large arrivals here, with the prospect of
further liberal additions during the next sixty
days. • ' •
COFFEE— C. K. Blckford's circular gives
the receipts at this port thus far this year at
66.794 bags, against 85,536 during the same time
last year. The sales from first hands were
39 140 bags, against 35.229. The stock in first
hands April 1 was 27,909 bags, against 43,985.
The circular says: ..
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 7c; spot, 6/;@7c;
local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags 30@34c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c. '
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, »o 5u; Wailsund, $Si; Co-operative Walls
er.d, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and; $3 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. .. :
SUGAR— The Western Sugar ReJininK Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.05c; Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.65c; Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.55c; Magnolia A,- 5.15c; Extra C.
•5.05c; Golden C. 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 7."
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. fi.Xto'i b"xe« 6.SS" wr lb. ¦ • -
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under. 6%c;
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%@6>4c; 225 and over, 6'36&c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. S'/£@9%c
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— 7©8c for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
COWl.
VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S#9c; Ewes, 7^4@8c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 9@10c per pound. ' •
¦ HIDES AND SKINS^Culls and brands sell
about lVaC under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, ¦ 914c; medium, S^c; light, . 8c. Cow
Hides, 8'/ic for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, »c: Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 15%c; Culls, 12c; Dry
Kip,- 15c; Dry Calf, lCc; Culls and Brand*, 12t«
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
Wool, 30«»40c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool,
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for -large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small and
tOc for Colts; Hcrsc Hides, dry, $173 for large,
$1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c for Co;ts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4'yAc per lb; No. 2,
3H@lc: grease. 2@2i6e- ' . - .
WOOL— Spring. l9Co or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc; Middle County, free, 1O@
lie; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free, 7 months. 7@10c: do, de
fective, 7 months. 7®8c: Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c; do, medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good. P^llc;
Nevada, 10©12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, j i 12c per lb for
heavy. • 12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for
light, 14%c for extra light and I5%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c- Mess
Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $12 60- Fam
ily.- $13 50 r prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra
clear,- $23; Mess. $19; Smoke&jBeef. 14c per lb
LARD— Tierces ¦ quoted a t 6%c per lb v,f O r
compound and 10%c ' for pure; half-barrels
pure, 10%c; 10-lb tins, 1114c; 5-lb tins, lHi c
COTTOLENE— One Tialf-barrel. 8%c- three
half-barrels, 8V£c: one tierce, 8^c; two tierces
&c; five tierces. 7T4c per, lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Firm and unchanged, with light supplies.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c per- lb for Italian*
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, lCc; No.' 2. 7&c; No
1 hardshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 12@l3c
for paper-shell, ; 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts
5@6c for Eastern ; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts
13c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50<g5
HONEY— Comb. 13»/4@14c for bright and 12«
@13c for light amber; water white extracted
7>£c; light amber extracted, 6V4@7c; dark 6a
6%c per lb. '
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. j
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices:' Bleached
Thompson's fancy, -12c perlb;" choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10#c per lb
choice, 9%c; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; .un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, BO-lb boxeB
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand." 2-crown, 6c; .3-crown, 614c
and 4-crown. 6%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, . fi&c; choice, 16
ounce, 6%c; 12-ounce, 5Uc; London Layers
2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters, $2;Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. p. b. at common shipping points In
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 3c: 30-40s 7c
40-50s, 6Ue; 60-60s, 4}4e; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3&c;
S0-90s. 2%c: 90-lOOs. 2Vic; 100-12CS, V£c; rubles,
%c premium; Sonomas, %c and. San Joaqulns
%o less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same. •- — .
FRUITS— Apricots.' 5@7c for Royals and 8%@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3»4@5c;
sun-dried, 1%@2%C; .Peaches, 3@SV&c for stand
ard, 4@4%e for choice and 5©6c for fancy;
Pears.' 2@7c: Plums, pitted, 4@5c; unpitted, 1®
l%c; Nectarines, 5@5V2O for red and 5J2«j:6c for
wWte. , . • . -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, Xc@y>;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines. D0c@l 23; Lemons,
50c@$l for common and Jl 25@2- for good to
;hoice; Grape Fruit, E0c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$5 50<§6;. Bananas. $1 23@2 CO per bunch; Pine
apples, : 75c@J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, -Nuts and Raisins.
- APPLES — 50@75c per box for common and $1
@1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 25 for fancy.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
¦ STRAWBERRIES— 50@S5c per drawer, for
Longworths and 30@50c for large berries. *
. Ten cars of Oranges sold at auction as fol
lows:- Fancy Navels, ?1 25@1 60; ' choice do,
70c<g$l 30; standard do, 60c@$l 15; Mediterran
ean Sweets, $1 03.
The market for all descriptions stood about
the same. :
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen. • ¦
California Gathered— Selected, 1314c; stand
ard, 13c; seconds, . .-
Kresh Eastern — Fancy. ; standard, — — ;
eeconds,
Storage — California fancy. — -; standard,
; — ; Eastern fancy, - — ; standard,. ; sec
onds, .
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, April 8.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
57@58c. ¦ ¦ .
TACOMA, April 8.— Wheat, unchanged;
Bluestem, 69c; Club, B6%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK, April 8.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, April, 6, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat,
53.890.000 bushels; decrease, 859,000. ; Corn. 21,
890,000 bushels; decrease, 297,000. Oats, 11.399.
000 bushels; Increase, 243.000. Rye. 1.112,000
bushels; .increase, 3000. Barley. 850,000 bush
els; decrease, 212,000.,'
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. April, 8.— On the first sale the
feeling in fcotton was easy, prices 1 to 18 points
lower, and while there were occasional periods
of steadiness later the general ceurse of the
market wa^ downward. . The close was quiet,
with prices 8 to 14 points lower. ¦ . .
New York Cotton Market.
Iron warrants; Northern foundry, fl5 25016 50:
Southern 'foundry, S14@15 50"; soft Southern, $13@
1550. ?;?»¦ • V "
Copper was dull at $17 for Lake Superior and
$16 BO for casting and electrolytic. . ¦
Lead 'was unchanged at ?4 37%.
Spelter was quiet at $3 90@3 95.
MONDAY. April 8—4 p m
Bid. Ask. Rjd A.-jr
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck ....... 01 o'*
Alta 03 07 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Ande3 01 P3 Mexican 33 24
Belcher 20 21 Occidental 03 03
Best & Belcher 20 21 Ophir g3 71
Bullion — 01 Overman "* 2i 25
Caledonia .. 77 79 Potosi .. in n
Challenge Con. 13 17 Sava** .. *"* 10 11
Chollar 11 12 Scorpion '" — 04
Confidence ..... 73 75 «eg Belcher! .'.I 04 05
Con Cai & \a.21O215 Sierra Nevada. 30 32
•Con Imperial .. — 0.' Silver Hill .... 37 39
Con New York — 01, St Louis ...... OS —
Crown Point 13 13 Standard — 4 30
Eureka Con 0<5 . — Syndicate ...... . C3 —
Exchequer 01 0? Union Con .... 14 J3
Gould & Curry. 21 22 Utah ot 05
Hale & Norcrs 21 22 Utah 04 05
Julia.. -r-\ 03 fellow Jacket.. 14 16
Justice 02 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
Board —
250 Four -• 51
50 Home 3 SO
15C0 Independence • IS
1C0O Independence, b 30 ;. 19
40 Kern River 11 50
20O McKittrick Con 17
40 McKittrlclc Con 13'
1500 Monarch of Arizona 55 '
2C0 Monte Cristo 2 45
200 Occidental of West Virginia 49
S0O Occidental of West Virginia 50
500 Petroleum Center, b 30 16
500 Petroleum Center, b 30 17
100 San Joaquin Oil and Development.... 9 SV/ 3
100 San Joaquin Oil and Dev, b 30 10 CO
1000 West Lake 21
Afternoon Session.
Board—
675 Caribou .,... 63
200 Caribou 70
. 5 Hanford S8 00
100 Home 3 75
1000 Independence, b 60 20
4000 Independence 19
10 Kern River 1175
SCO Lion 13
BOO McKittrick Con 18
100 Petroleum Center 17
BOO Reed Crude 51
200 Toltec 75
100 Twenty-eight . 1 30
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 McKittrick Con 20
500 Monarch of Arizona 55
5C0 Petroleum Center 16
1000 Reed Crude .53
1000 Reed Crude : 52
Street—
150 Caribou 70
Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 California Standard, b 30 43
500 Independence 19
300 Lion 20
1000 Petroleum Center 17
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In' the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning: Session.
1100 Chollar 11 500 Ophir 66
50 Con Cal & Va.2 00 100 Savage 10
200 Con Cal & Va.2 05 100 Silver Hill .... 39
100 Ophir 67 . .
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 19 700 Ophir 69
100 Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophir (!S
100 Con Cal & Va.2 10 100 Ophir 70
300 Crown Point .. 13 400 Overman 25
1000 Exchequer 01 300 Potosi - 10
100 Julia 03 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
100 Mexican 34 100 Union Con .... 15
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. -
200 Best & Belchec 19 400 Crown Point .". 13
500 Chollar - 1 11 300 Gould & Curry 22
150 Con Cal & Va.2 00 500 Gould & Curry 21
1600 Con Cal & V.2 02'A SCO Ophir ; 68
250 Con Cal & Va.2 Oj 200 Overman 21
330 Con Cal & V.2 07% 200 Silver Hill .... 3%
600 Con Cal & Va.2 la 200 Silver Hill .... 2)
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 21 \ 300 Mexican 33
200 Chollar 11 ! 400 Ophir 70
2C0 Con Cal & V.2 07% 300 Overman 22
300 Con Cal & Va.2 16 200 Overman 24
200 Con Cal & V.2 12V4] 500 Potosi 10
1400 Gould & Curry 21 500 Savage 10
300 Gould & Curry a[ .
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
50 Market Street Railway 73 50
Board —
$GCOO Bay Counties Power C° 5s 103 50
130 Honokaa Sugar Company 70 25
25 Honokaa Sugar Company 30 37£
155 Hutchinson S P Co CO 23
50 Hutchinson S P Co, s 90 20 12*4
10 Hutchinson S P. Co 20 12'^
75 Makaweli 40 OO
15 Oceanic Steamship Co ID CO
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 43 87«£
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 40 00
29 Presidio Railroad : 23 0C
50 S F Ga3 & Electric Co..". 44 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 44 00
260 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
$5000 S P of A Bonds (1909) 113 25
35 Spring Valley Water 90 50
5 Spring Valley Water 00 62>A
Afternoon' Session.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3'A — Oceanic SS 53.104?il05ii
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll6V> — Ora C R 6s... .125% —
C C Water os.lQSVi — Pac G Imp 4s — lOOVi
EL4 P 6s..l2SU133'4 Pk Cl & R fi".105 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. Hi " — " Pk & O R 63.117 -. —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powll-st R 6s.l3) —
Haw C 5',is...lOGVi — S E G & R Ss. — 101
Haw C 5s."..... — 102'i S F & SJV 5s.llS»i —
L. A R R 5s.. 113 — S R of Cal 6s..U0 —
L A L, Co 6s. — 103 S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 113^ —
Do gntd 5s. 100 — Do <1310) 114 —
L A P R R 5S.102U — S P C 6s (1305,
Markt-st C fis.U'S^ — Series A)... .1064 —
Do 1st c 5s.l21 — Do (Series B)107'i . —
N C N G R 7s — 113'.4 Do (1906> 110 —
1ST R of Cal 63.113 Do <1912> — —
X R of Cal as.lJSH — S P C 1st g aslOS'.s —
N P R R 6s..l01'i — S P Br R 6S..131 —
N P R R 5s.. — "lOS&IS V Water 6s. — 113!*
N C R 5s lilt; — 1 Do 4s 103"i —
O G L & H 5sll0',4 — I Do 3d mts..lO2?i —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — "U6?i!Stkn G & K 6slOO —
Oak W Co as.lOOU — J
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — 74^1 Spring Valley. 30'i —
Marln County. 53?i — J -
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P — 4 Pac Lt Co 41 — "
Eqult Gas 3}» 3?i Sac E G & R. — —
Mut Elec Lt... — $Y* S F G & E.... 43»i 44^4
O G L. & H... 50 — San Francisco. 4& 414
Pac Gas Imp.. 39>.i — Stktn G & E.. — 14
. ' , INSURANCE STOCKS.
T"irem's Fund.. 236 . 250 |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 72^ — il-on P & A. ...146 —
Bank of Cal. ..410 412 iMer ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO6!i — |S F National.. — 123
1st N ot S F.. - 312Mtl
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German-. 1S30 13C0 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U.....515 —
' STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornia-st... — 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st iV/ 3 — Presldlq — ' —
Market-st 70 71 » )
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co;. — 82 |Vlgorit -=• t%
SUGAR STOCKS.
HanaPlan 7& 8 Kllauea — 21tt
Haw Com — 68 Makawell 40 —
Honokaa 30»» 30% Onomea 2S 23
Hutch S P 20 20% Paauhau 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. — 127 Oceanic S S Co 47% 43
Cal Fruit Can. 9S — Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor CO..150 153#
Mer Ex Assn.,105 — Par Paint Co.. 16 —
Morning Session.
Board — ' • -
.17 Bank of California 410 00
60 Contra Costa Water U B0
50 Honokaa Sugar Company 31 00
10 Honokaa Sugar Company, cash 31 00
• 10 Honokaa Sugar Company 30 73
140 Honokaa Sugar Company iO 25
140 Honokaa Sugar Company 30 37V4
50 Honokaa Sugar Company 30 50
130 Hutchinson S P Co 20 23
60 Hutchinson S P Co, s 90 20 12&
DO Hutchirison S P Co, cash 20 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 70 12^4
£0 Makaweli 40 00
. 5 Oceanic Steamship Co 43 CO
$1000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 104 75
S2CC0 S P of A Bonds (1903) 113 25
15 Spring Valley Water 20 tZ\' 3
SO Spring Valley "Water, s 30 00 00
'.'¦ . " Street—
15 Spring Valley Water - 90 62&
J3C00 Northern Railway of Cal 6s......... 1U 00
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
. BId.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 113»4114 4s coup (new).13S%l53'3
4s registered.. 113UH3?i 3s quar coup.lllV-jll-!*
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
: MONDAY. April 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Globe OH will pay a dividend of Me on the
25th. •
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 70.448 shares. valued at $40.0j». the
principal transactions- being as follows: <-•«»
fornia-Standard. 412S shares: Bear Flag. »!>0V,
Petroleum Center. 17,500: Lion. 79SO; Monarch.
60CO; Four, 31S0; Occidental. 25C0; Sterling. 33C».
THE SA^ FRAKOISGO GALL^ TUESPAY, APRIL 9, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and 'Produce.
-.-*•.¦ ¦ ~ -¦- ¦> . . •
Chicago Grain Market.
8
BTJ
-ka.
•atr.f
T'
lit
nt
[IK
Last This Last
'IONS. 2i Hours Season. Season.
44.49 ,45.03
t 22.67 . 20.08
to 17. 50 15.92
icisco 18.99 17.47
10.38 7.3*5
¦nw I 6.S0 2.S1
is
Ofrispo 27.SS 15.10
¦Ice 34.17 5.71
o 10.51 3.41
BTJ
-ka.
•atr.f
T'
lit
nt
[IK
Last This Last
'IONS. 2i Hours Season. Season.
44.49 ,45.03
t 22.67 . 20.08
to 17. 50 15.92
icisco 18.99 17.47
10.38 7.3*5
¦nw I 6.S0 2.S1
is
Ofrispo 27.SS 15.10
¦Ice 34.17 5.71
o 10.51 3.41
AUCTION SALES
AUCTIOFSALE
OF
50 Head o? BROKEN, DRIV-
ING, WORK and SADDLE
HORSES, weighing from
950 io 1500 lbs.
Also a number of WORK MULES
Consigned by HON. M. BIGGS of OHOVIL.LE.
JOS. DYER Esq.. W. W. CASEY.
Esq.. SAN MATEO. and Others.
TO DE SOI>D
THIS DAY.
TUE8DAY - ¦< - April 9th. 1001.
AT II A. M- AT
S4.LESTARD. 1T32 Market St.. cor. Van Ness.
Stock at Yard April 6th.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
(Successors to Kllli? & Co.)
Livestock Auctioneerg."Wednesday there will be the drive in
the daytime and sightseeing at night. On
inursday there will be a reception at the
Lick House to the officers and delegates
and in the evening a ball in Golden Gate
Hall. Oh Friday the convention will meet.
This order reverses t».e usual rule,- as all
the pleasures come before business.
The second State convention of the La
dies of the Maccabees will be held in
Thursday and Friday next in Golden Gale
Asylum. Thirty-eight hives, as lodges of
that order are called, will be represented
by the following named:
State Gathering Will Open To=-Morrow=— Two
Supreme Officers Will Be Introduced.
KNIGHTS OF MACCABEES
READY FOR CONVENTION
SUPREME OFFICERS OF THE KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES AND
THE LADY WHO IS CHIEF OFFICER OF THE ORDER THAT LEAVES
OUT THE MEN.
HELD FOR * ROBBERY.— Robert Jones and
C H. Rogers, ex-soldiers, were held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of robbery in $2000. bonds
each. They- were accused. of holding up James
Neal on Clay . street . March 24 . and . taking ¦ $40
from him. " . . • ¦_ - -
WASHINGTON, April 8.— The Mexican
Embassador to-day received from the Sec
retary of State a draft for $2000, paid out
of humane consideration and without ref
erence to. the question of liability, as full
indemnity to the heirs of Florentine
Suaste. a Mexican citizen, who was
lynched In Lasallc County, Texas, in 18J3.
Coin for Lynched Man's Heirs.
" Prior to the' commencement exercises
there will be class day meetings, begin
ning at 10 a. m. / .
OAKLAND, April 8.— The thirty-second
commencement of the Pacific Theological
Seminary will take place to-morrow at 2,
o'clock. The exercises are notable as be
ing the last which will be held at the
present site of the institution prior to its
removal to Berkeley. Seminary Hill,
where the school has been located for
many years, has been purchased as a site
for the Merritt Hospital."
-The graduating address-will be delivered
by J. E.-Stubbs, D. D., of the University
of Nevada. President J.K. McLean will
confer the diplomas upon the six gradu
ates. ?"¦ : • ' ' ¦'¦ • '" - !%'-'¦ ¦ . ' .'¦'.¦•¦
Pacific Seminary Commencement.
OAKLAND. April 8.- Papers were filed
to-day ratifying the agreement between
the Federal Government and the Central
and Southern Pacific railroads releasing
the Government from its contract to buiU
a bridge for the railroads over the new
tidal canal at Washincton avenue. The
consideration for which the railroads re
linquished their rlght3 Is placed at tV),UK).
The release Is signed for the United
States by Colonel t.W. H. Heuer. and by
Isaac L. Reaua and J. G. Willett for the
Central Pacific, and Charles M. Hays and
I. E. Gates for the Southern Pacific.
The compromise embodied in the agree
ment was effected - sor n-s time -«ir»f».
UNCLE SAM PAYS BOUND ;,.
. SUM TO THE BAILSOADS
5 OAKLAND, April 8.— Charles L. Smith i
and Miss Agnes Ryan of this city were
married at San Rafael this morning by.
the Rev. Father Egan, a cousin of tho
bride. Mr. Smith is a partner in the firm
of • Smith Brothers.- , • - - . >
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are well known in
Oakland, where they have a wide circle of
intimate, friends. The wedding .was a
quiet one, attended only, by the relatives
of the contracting, parties. ....
After the ceremony the newly wedded
pair started for -Southern California, On
their return they will reside on- Webster
street. -
MARRIAGE OF FOPTJXAIt,
YOUNG BUSINESS MAW
$5000 promissory' note given to Miss Lulie
H. Holcomb, now Mrs. O'Shea, and his
sister, Lydia S. Holcomb, by Peter L.
and Harriet Saunders, formed the basis
of sensational charges against the payees
in Judge Hall's court to-day.
Miss Holcomb and Mrs. O'Shea brought
suit to foreclose on the note and secured
judgment on March 9. To-day the Saun
derses presented a motion for a new trial,
alleging that the note was forged. Judge
Hall decided that there was no evidence
to support the accusation, and denied the
motion. His Honor reprimanded the de
fendants for their method of attacking
persons of standing in the community,
and said that it was no part of his In
tention to allow his court to be made
use of to evade the payment of just ob
ligations.
ACCUSE LADIES HIGH
IN SOCIETY OF FELONY
Judge Hall. Reprimands Parties to
Suit for Charges Made to Evade ¦
Payment.
OAKLAND, April 8.— A suit over a
Sued for Divorce.
OAKLAND, April 8. — Clara Lundln has
filed suit for divorce, from George H.
Lundln on the ground of desertion.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— The naval
Fhip Supply, now at the New York Xavy
Yard, is to be overhauled and refitted as
a station ship for the island of Guam.
She ¦will take the place of the collier Bru
tus, which is now on her ¦ Tray to the
United States to ba ini» ng for repairs.
New Station Ship for Guam.
third birthday of King Christian was cele
brated to-day everywhere in • Denmark.
The King is in quite pood health and re
roivod the congratulations of officials, dip
lomats and other dignitaries* The streets
nf the city were crowded and In the square
fronting- the Amallenberg- palace several
thousand people constantly cheered the
King, who in response appeared on the
balcony with his daughters. At the ban
uuet crivon to-nigrht at the Crown Prince's
palace, tho Crown Prince. Prince Fred
erick, toasted the King, his father.
Queen Alexandra and Dowager Empress
Marie of Russia, who have been attend
ing- the celebration, will leave here ¦ to
morrow. Queen Alexandra will po to
Cronbcrp for a few days and will thenco
return home.
•
Cattle Perish in Furious Storm.
CHADROX, Neb., April 8.— The • first
word received from Pine- Ridge Indian
agency since the recent blizzard and snow
blockade came to-day. Indians and trad
ers say that large numbers of cattle died
on the reservation during the last storm.
April R.— The eighty-
COPENHAGEN'
LOYAL DANES CHEER
AGED KING CHRISTIAN
WASHINGTON. April S.— A motion was
made in the .United States Supreme Court
to-day by the Hon. Jeremiah Wilson for
the admission »if Captain Oberlin M. Car
ter to bail. Solicitor General Richards
pave notice that he would resist the mo
tion in beha'f of the United States, and
ho was given live days in which to pre
pare a brief. Carter is now serving a five
year sentence in the Leavenworth peni
tentiary for defrauding the Government.
In his motion in Carter's behalf Wilson
set forth that Carter had paid his fine of
$5000 and had been dismissed from the
service; a!so that h.? had begun habeas
corpus proceedings to test the validity of
the nrqoeedinps against him. He also al
lopos impaired health and the necessity
of liberty in order to prepare for his case.
Affidavit? of physicians were filed to the
effect that Carter is suffering from nerv
ous disorders.
LKAVKNWORTH. Kans.. April 8.—
Warden Mcl-aughrey of the Federal pris
on was soon to-night, and in reply to
questions stated that Obcrlin M. Carter
appeared to he in pood health. He was
attending to his duties without complain*,
and has not J^en under medical treat
ment for a long period. Three city phy
piciar.s. he stated, made an examination
of Carter, to be used in the application for
habeas* corpus, but he had not seen their
certificates and did not know what their
r«^>ort was. Carter has made no complaint
about his health, and the Warden stated
that he had no reason to believe that it
¦was other than good.
Solicitor General Gives Notice That
Government Will Resist Motion
for Bail.
ATTORNEY FOR CARTER
WANTS HIM RELEASED
OAKLAND, April 8.— San Leandro Por
tuguese circles are agog over the an
nounced engagement, as an outcome of
the Pereira divorce suit, of Mrs. Perelra
and Manuel Borge, co-respondent in that
case. It is said that the pair will repair
to Nevada and have the marriage per
fofrr.ed by a Reno Justice.
Mrs. Perelra brought suit about two
months ago for divorce from Joaquln Pe
reira on the ground of cruelty. Pereira
replied with a cross complaint, alleging
infidelity and naming: the prospective ,
groom as the cause of his marital trou
bles. All the parties to" the suit are prom
inent in San Leandro, where Pereira is
rated a wealthy man. As a result of the
two suits Judge Hall granted j Pereira a
decree of absolute divorce.
Co-respondent and Defeated Plaintiff
Will Take a Trip to Reno to Be
¦ . .• Married.
FIND CONSOLATION FOR
DIVORCE COURT REVERSE
The dramatic entertainment which was
piven last night at Golden Gate Hall un
der the aupplc>?s of the Rosarlan Society
for the benefit of St. Dominic's Church
was favorably received and was conduct
ed in a commondable manner. The title
of the three-act drama was "A Fighting
•Chance; or. For the Blue or the Gray."
It was presented under the personal su
porvision of Miss Julia C. Coffey and was
tarried through without a single interrup
tion. Those who took part in the play
were: Miss Mnry McAuliffe. Miss Mar
jraret Clancy. Miss Mary Fitzpatrick, Miss
Kittle Murray. Miss Mattie Logan. Miss
Klizahoth McFadden, Miss Beckle Marron.
Miss Mamie Ivcary. Miss Rosella C. Mc-
Kron and Miss Mamie Clancy.
Entertainment for St. Dominic's.
The remains were removed to the
Morgue, where it was found that the skull
had been badly fractured and both legs
broken.
Mr. West was 72 years of age and well
known In Napa Valley: He was fairly
well-to-do, being the reputed owner of
several pieces of valuable land in Napa
County.
Police officers went in search of the ele
vator boy, but could not locate him. Xo
one about the building could give any in
formation regarding him except that he
had been employed in the building only a
day or two.
A hurried examination showed that Mr.
West was still alive, and he was hurried
to the Receiving Hospital in an ambu
lance, but life was extinct before he
reached there.
The old eentleman was thrown off his
balance, and he was caught between the
floor of the cage and the wall of the ele
vator 6haft and dragged upward several
feet. By this time the elevator boy had
brought the cage to a standstill, and- the
body of the unfortunate man was dropped
to the stone floor below.
Orson C. West, an aged rancher residing
near Napa City, met an awful death by
being crushed by an elevator in the Phe
lan building yesterday afternoon. Mr.
West and his ron, Alfred L. W r est. an in
surance agent, entered the building at
about 6 o'clock to go to the younger man's
offices. The son stepped Into the elevator
and his father, who was close behind
him, had just got one foot Jnside the door
when the elevator suddenly shot upward.
0. C. West, an Aged Napa
Rancher, Killed in the
Phelan Building.
THE California State Convention
of Knights of the Maccabees wL # l
open in this city to-morrow morn
ing in the Pioneer building, ai.l
during the session there will be
in attendance George J. Siegle, the su
preme record keeper, who is paying h's
first visit to this State.
This is to be the fourth biennial session
and there will be, in addition to the offi
cers, representatives from tents having
an aggregate membership of 4440 mem
bers. The great events will be the elec
tion of State officers and two representa
tives—one from the north and one from
the south— to the Supreme Tent. S. W.
Hall, at present State commander, will no
doubt be re-elected; so far no one has
been named in opposition. George V.
Licroi, past commander of San Francisco
Tent, is favorably spoken of as represen
tative from the north. The supreme visi
tor will be shown California hospitality
during his stay here. He will be taken
driving and shown the extent of San
Francisco, will be the guest of honor at a
banquet and will be shown the sights of
San Francisco by night. The several com
mittees having charge of the matter arc
made up of Sir Knights G. V. Leroi. J. C.
Freeman. T>r. A. J. HIniker, G. L. Mor
gan T. J. Harris, J. H. Boyer and Stale
Commander. Hall, representing San Fran
cisco, Golden West and Pacific tents.
The order at this time claims a total
membership of 365,000. The order has a
reserve fund of $1,300,000.
FATALLY MANGLED
BY AN ELEVATOR
The buffet car that has been found to
be the source of much complaint will still
be on the run, but improvements in Its
management have already been ordered.
In the future passengers occupying seats
in the ' day coaches or parlor car will be
served at their seats by the porters, - if
they so desire. Tables -will be placed
between the seats and patrons will not
have to go to the cafe car for lunch or
dinner should the cafe car be overcrowded.
A regular time table will be adopted for
the new local train. between here and Los
Angeles on the coast d- vision to-day.- .
General Manager Kruttschnitt held- a
conference yesterday w'th a number of
railroad officials and rjlans were laid for
the putting on of another local train to re
lieve the heavy traflic on the coast lino
This train is the oniy remedy that can
be made at present. It is impossible for
the limited to carry more cars and make
the time that it runs on now. The latter
train is made ui> of one parlor car, two
first-class" day coaches, a smoking and
buffet car, a postal and baggage car. The
New York Central Limited Express, which
is considered the fastest train in the
world, only, hauls five cars, and yet the
limited that travels between here and Log
Angeles makes nearly as good time. By
putting more cars on this train would
only mean that 'a longer; time schedule
would have to be made. "This the South
ern Pacific Company is reluctant to do,
hence the additional local train.
Since the opening of this line the traffic
has been enormous, especially from Los
Angeles to this city. All the tourist travel,
which is very large at this time of the
year, has come over this road. The con
sequence is that the trains each day have
been overcrowded, and the buffet car that
takes the place of a "diner 1 V has been
found inadequate to serve the. patrons.
The Call last Sunday called attention ex
clusively to the many inconveniences that
strangers are put io in the run up from
Los Angeles, and evidently the article had
the desired effect.
The Southern Pacific Company will at
once put on another local train on the
new coast division between this city and
Los Angeles to accommodate the in
creased traffic.
Owing to Heavy Traffic on
the New Road a Local
Is to Be Added. •
ONE MORE TRAIN
FOR COAST LINE
Mrs. Hollister arrived in this city yes
terday. She will visit Oakland Hive to •
night and on Wednesday she will be with
the hive in Sacramento. • . - " .
At the first session there will be intro
duced Supreme Commander Lillian XI.
Hollister of Michigan, who will addre-s
the representatives. In the evening the
ladies will 'attend the ball given by. the
Knights of the Maccabees in. Golden Gace
Hall. On the following day there will b>
much business to transact and' at noon
there will be a banquet tendered by tho
central committee of Northern California
to all lady Maccabees. The election of
a representative to the Supreme Hive
will take place In the afternoon. For
that position the prominent candidate is
Lady Eudocia Moffatt, State deputy com
mander. In the evening .there will be an
exemplification of the ritualistic work.
This order is composed of and managei]
exclusively by women. L. O. T. M., the
initials of the order,- mean "Leave out tho
men."
Sophia A. Keym,' Lillian A. Perry, Carrie
Silvers. Mary Pillot. Jennie M. Ashcroft, Mary
E. Clark, Kebecca A. Penrod, Mary G. Ashby,
Frankie Harris. Sarah A. Foss, Mary E. Con
nelly, Minnie W. Aydelotte, Laura L Silver
thorn. Ella P. Jacobs, Emily Christmen,
Kmma F. Pheipp, AKa J. Bowen, Melissa
Pranstetter, Lavina Bailey, Susie Keagle, Alice
Kollitt. Ida F. Springer, Lillian Rinner, Car
rie M. Richardson, Cora Marett. Ellen C. Car
lisle, Hattie Barr. Olive F. Bailey. Emma S.
Grey, Letltia A. Bean, Klmira E. Nicklln,
Maggie A. Gault, Daisy Baumgardner, Ida J.
Leroi, Ella Lowe. Ritha Dillinger, Mary E.
DiUingham and Ella A Thomas.
Disastrous Blaze in Baltimore.
BALTIMORE. Md.. April'8.— The whole
sale drughouse of Gilpin, Langdon & Co.
was destroyed by fire, with its contents,
to-day, the roof of the machinery estab
lishment of Thomas Bashnor & Co", was
also burned and the contents of the lat
ter building badly damaged by water.
Loss,' $200,000. ________
Postmasters' Case Postponed.
WASHINGTON. April 8.— The United
States f Supreme Court : to-day , advanced
the hearing in the case of Ewing vs. the
United States, .fixing the' time for argu
ment for .October 28 next. The case in
volves back pay claimed to be due Post
masters amounting in the aggregate to
$5,000,000. , - . - - ,• . : . •. =:.
HARRISON, Neb., April 8.— Miss Lizzie
E. Cottman, teacher in the district school
near here, alone, facing a torrent, of
water carrying trees, dead animals and
all the debris borne on a flood; to-day
rescued the pupils of her school and pre
served « the building itself from what
seemed inevitable destruction.
Without warning the TVhite River over
flowed its banks, surrounded the school
building and threatened to carry it away.
Miss Cottman waded in water waist deep
to where a horse was -picketed some dis
trnce away! Returningvwith the animal,
she harnessed the horse to the building,
which was shaken from its foundations,
?.nd thR horse's strength held the school
house in place. Help came from the
neighbors in three-quarters of an hour. ;
Miners Talk of Strikers.
INDIANAPOLIS; April 8.— The Nation
al Executive Committee of the United
Mine Workers was , in session to-night
considering the proposition to render
financial aid to the striking miners of
Arkansas. Kansas and Indian Territory.
The members declined positively to make
anv statement of their work. President
Mitchell said nothing would be given to
the public until definite action had been
taken. ,
Ties a Horse to an Unstable Building
and Prevents It Being Carried
Away..
COURAGEOUS TEACHER
SAVES LIVES OF PUPILS
DENVER. April 8. — Nellie Rivlerre,
wife of Emil Rivierre of 720 South Tenth
street, who was said to have run away
with their twelve-year-old boy last Tues
day night,' has been mourned as dead by
her relatives in New York, and a grave
in Greenwood Cemetery has been dug to
receive her body. It was a trick played
by her husband, she says, to obtain money
to pay her expenses after desertion.
Last Tuesday night, according to her
statement, she left home for a few. min
utes and returned to find that her husband
had gone and taken Rena, their little boy,
with him. She found a note from her
husband saying he had gone, to New York
to attend a trial and would return. He
gave her directions to write, but instead
she telegraphed to her aunt, Mrs. Patter
son of 33 Monroe place. New York.' tell
ing that Rivierre had deserted her.
"I received the answer .this morning,"
she said. "Mrs. Patterson's letter stated
that Rivierre had written them that I was
ill and that the worst might be- expected.
The letter also said that a few days later
a- telegram was received from him sayinp
I was dead and to have a grave dug in
Greenwood Cemetery. With it was a re
quest for money to ship the body." '
Mrs. Patterson said that she had sent
$150: that the grave had been dug. and
that the family had ordered mourning
dresses. Then came Mrs. Rivierre's tele
gram, unconsciously exposing the trick.
The .Rivierres came to Denver from New
York about Christmas for Mrs. Rivierre's
health. The husband is an insurance
agent and an- expert bicycle rider. Mrs.
Rivierre says her aunt in New York is
prominent and Is worth about $700,000. She
will remain in Denver in the hope of find
ing some trace of her child.
Woman in Denver Tells a Sensational
Story About Actions • of Her
Missing Spouse.
SAYS HUSBAND CAUSED
A GRAVE TO BE DUG
Thomas Lanigan. barkeeper for Camp
bell & Benson, Sansome and Pacific
streets, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Policeman Skain and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of robbery. The
complaining witness is Michael Ryan, a
Fwitohman from Oakland.
Ryan said he was walking along Pacific
street shortly after 8 o'clock yesteray
morning: when he met Lanigan. who was
standing- outside the saloon. Ryan offered
to throw dice with Lanigan for 50 cents
a throw, but Lanigan doubted if he had
any money. Ryan lapped his vest pocket
and remarked he had plenty of money.
Then Lanigan made a grab for the vest
pocket, tearing it and getting possession
of $40. with which he skipped.
Ryan waited around the saloon till Lan
ijran made his appearance about 2 o'clock
in the afternoon, and then notified Police
man Skain. who placed Lanigan under
arrest. Lanigan denies the charge and
says Ryan is romancing.
BAHKEEPEB LANTGAN IS .
ACCUSED OF BOBBERY
Michael Ryan, a Switchman, Says He
Stole Coin From His Vest
Pocket.
Episcopal Church.
ALAMEDA. April 8.— The wedding of
Miss Viola Pattiani and Dr. Lewis Mace
of San Jose took place this evening and
was attended by a large number of the
society friends of the young couple.
Christ Episcopal Church, the scene of the
wedding, was beautifully decorated with
lilies and smilax/ Rev. Dr. T. J. Lacey,
the rector, performed the ceremony. The
gown of the bride was a beautiful crea
tion of white satin with pearl passemen
terie, en train. She carried white lilies
of the valley. Miss Estelle Pattiani was
the maid of honor and she wore a dress
of silk mull over white taffeta. Miss
Emma Moffltt, Miss Susan Edson, Miss
Irma Lyndon and Miss Ida Pattiani were
the bridesmaids. The Misses Elois and
Genevieve Pattiani. the little sisters of
the bride, were flower bearers. The best
man was Fred Barstow and" Dr. Grissen.
Gilmore Russell, Fred Schneider and
Charles Schneider were the ushers.
After the ceremony there was a re
ception at the Pattiani home, corner Cen
tral avenue and Cottage street. The
house decorations were white roses,
palms and smllax. The guests sat down
to a banquet table set in red and green.
The bride is the eldest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. A. W. Pattiani, and Is an ac
complished amateur actress. She was a
member of the class of 1900 at the Uni
versity of California and as the leading
lady in the Junior farce, "James. Wob
berts. Freshman," scored a hit. Dr. Mace
ia a graduate of Stanford University and
of Bellevue College of New York.
SOCIETY IN ATTENDANCE
AT A CHXTBCH WEDDING
Miss Viola Pattiani and Dr. Lewis
Mace Are Married in Christ
One mile relay race— First, B. U. A.; sec
ond, S. J. H. S.; third, U. H. S.: fourth, O.
H. S.; fifth, B. H. S.; sixth, L. H. S.
Pole vault— Bell. Heald's S.; Baker. Heald's
S. ; Deane.' Pet. H. S. : Sanborn, S. R. H. S. ;
Shlpman, C. H. . S. ;• Wiicox, B. TJ. A.; Gage,
B. U. A.; Baumbuger. P. H. S.; Kocher, S.
M. S.; Boettigrer, B. H. S.; Burpee. O. H. S.;
Lundy. O. H. S. ; Patton. U. H. 6.; oeawell,
U. H. S. : Kobbe. L,. H. S.
Running hish Jump— Bell. Heald'a S.; Deane.
Pet. H. S. ; Healy. Pet. H. S. ; Chtpman, C.
H S.; BriggB.-B. U. A.: Houghton. B. U. A.;
Hickey B. H. S.; Coogan, O. H. S.: Finne,
U H S.; Patton. U. H. S. ; Sea well, U. H. S. ;
Kehrleln. L. H. S ¦¦
-12- pound hammer ' throw— Sanborn, S. R. H.
S.; Smith. B. U. A.; Hinds, Q. H. S. ; J.
Weller U. H. S.; Brown, ,U. H. S.; Sea well,
U H S.: Jones. L. H. S:; Durbin.' L. H. S. {
Running broad jump— Bell. Heald's S. ;¦
Bowles Pet. H. - S. ; Phoelman. Pet. H. -8.;
Howe S. R. H. S.; Metcalf, B. U. A.; Tofnn
der H H. S.; Chaplin.- B. H. S.; Coogan. O.
H *S • Brown. U. H. S. : Vosburp. 12. H. S.
12-pound shot put— Bropgs. B. U. A.;
Coombs B U. A. : Bonnifleld. P. H. S. ; Hinds.
OH S.; Howard, O. H. S.: Jones, L.. h. S.
220- yard hurdle, first heat— Boettiger, B. H.'
H. ; Smith, B. U. A.; Burpee. O. H. S. Second
htat— Hartley, B. H. S. ; Lucas, B. U. A. ;
Kehrlein, U H. S. Third heat— Weller, U. H.
S.; Foster, B. IT. A.; Jones,' L. H. S. Fourth
heat— Sanborn, S. R. H. S. ; Finne, U. H. S.
One mile run — Luce. Heald's S. ; Reed, S. M.
S. ; Howe. S. R. II. S. ; MacNIchol, C. S.
M. A.; Cogglns, P. H.S.: Furem, P. H. S. ;
J. w. Maloy, S. J. H. S.; Wrampelmier, B.
H.S.; Westdahl, O. H. S.; Lundy, O. H. S.;
Cough, O.-H. S.; Weller, U. H. S.; Gibson,
U. H. S. ,. -. : • -. ¦ , ¦ -. ¦ •-
220-yard dash, first heat— Wiicox. O. H. S. ;
Voeburg. L. H. S.; Husband, M. H. S.; Rags
dale. S. R. H.'S.f Phoelman, Pet. H. S. Sec
ond heat^Healy, Pet H. S. : Hay ward, S. J.
H. S. : Toffinder. H. H. S. ; Wllcox, B. U. A.;
Marsily, S. M. S. Third heat— Adams, P. H.
£.;¦ Thomson, U. H. S. ; Foster, B.» U. A.;
Mulgrew, S. R. H. S. ; Jacobson. S.'.M. S.
8S0-yard run — Baker. Heald's N. S. : Tenney,
S. M. S. ; Healy. Pet. H. S.; Wright. S. .R.
H. S.; Howe, S. R. H. S.; Martin, C. H.- S.;
Colwell, B. U. A. ; Ferem. P. H. S. ; Coggens,
P. H. S.; Maloy, S. J. H. S.; Wrampelmier,
B. H. S. ; Norton, . O. H. S. ; Westdahl, O. H.
S. : Henley. U. H. S.; Wyckoff, U. H. S.
120-yard hurdle, first heat— J. Weller, . U. H.
S.: Bowjes, Pet. H. S.: Smith. B. U. A. Sec
ond heat— Thcmas, U. H. S. ; Kehrleln, L. H.
S. Third heat— Chaplin, B. H. S.; Patton, U.
II. S. • "
440-yard dash— Jacobson. S. M. S. ;" Howe,
S. R. H. S. : Ragsdale, S. R. H. S. ; Gage.
B. U. A.; Houghton, B. U. A. ; La Valliere,
O. 'H. S.; Howard, O. H. S.r Thomson, U. H.
S. ; Wyckoff, U. H. S.
100-yard dash, first heat — Turpin, X* ¦ H.
S.; Jacobson, S. M. S. ; Mulgrew, S. R.H. S. ;
Hill, S. J. H. S. Second . heat-La Valliere.
O. H; S.: Maisly, S. M. S.: Tof finder, H. H.
S. Third heat— Wiicox, O. H. S..; Phoelman,
Pet. H. S.: Brlfrgs, B. U. A.; Husband, M. H.
S.; Allen. S. J. H.-.S.
The entries ara as follows:
The following schools will be represent
ed by men in the 'field day: Lowell High
School, St. Matthew's School, Santa Rosa
High School, San Jose High School, Oak
land High School, Boone's University
Academy, Berkeley High School, Peta
luma High School, Ukiah High School,
Heald's School. Polytechnic High School,
Healdsburg High School, Central High
School, California School of Mechanical
"Arts and Merced High School.
BERKELEY, April 8.— The fourteenth
semi-annual field" day of the Academic
Athletic League will be held Saturday
afternoon, on the University of California
cinder path. A large number of schools
have entered, and the contests will be
close. Between the Oakland and Ukiah
high schools probably lies the race for
first place. San Jose High School has en
tered a team for the first , time. It is
composed of six men.
Academic Athletic League
Is Ready for Coming
Field Day.
YOUNG ATHLETES
WILL HOLD MEET
Fitzhugh Lee is a courteous gentleman
of modest bearing. His unobtrusive man
ner about the hotel lobby, where he was
aENERAL FITZHUGH LEE. ac
companied by his daughter, Miss
Anne Lee, arrived here yesterday
from Denver and is staying at the
Occidental Hotel. The telegraphic
reports that have recently been published
about the illness of the general are only
too true. Lee is, a very sick man and is
fighting off the results of a bad attack of
la grippe which he contracted recently.
He still shows signs of his severe illness.
He says he will remain here some time, as
he thinks that the climate of California
is ideal, and the State, from the little he
has seen of it, the garden spot of the
earth. . .{
Miss Alexander, Miss Blood. Miss Brier, Miss
Alma Brown, Miss Grace Burrell, ¦ Miss . Annie
Clay, Miss Clow. Miss Evallne Craig, Miss
Laura Crellin. Miss Mona Crellin,* Miss Drus
sell. Miss Everson, Miss Frear. the Misses
Gage. Miss Gellette,' Miss Elizabeth. Gray, Miss
Halght, Miss Grace Holt, Miss Huff, Miss Amy
Jones, the Misses Kelley. Miss Rutherford, Miss
Stone. Miss Wakefleld. Miss McClymonds. JIls«
Ethel Cotton. Miss Elizabeth Scupham and
Miss Geraldine Scupham. . .
MrB. K. A. Bulkeley. Mrs. Mabel Gray, Mrs.
J. W. Musser. Mrs. Vernon "Waldron, Mrs. J.
W. McClymonds, Mrs. L.. S. Burchard. Mrs. E.
C. Sessions. Mrs. J. R. Scupham, Mrs. Allen
Babcock. Mrs. Franklin Banes, Mrs. A. W.
Bishop, Mrs. Edward Booth, Mrs. G. W. Bun
nell. Mra. M. E. Chadbourne. - Mrs. "W. A.
Chllds. Mrs. C. C. Clay, Mrs. L. F. Cockroft,
Mrs. T. C. Coogan. Mrs. K. C. Cotton, Mrs. E.
J. Cotton, Mrs. W. H. Creed, Mrs Thomas
Crellin. Mrs. Gilbert Curtis, Mrs. W. R. Davis,
Mrs. G. E. de Golia, Mrs. Wallace Everson,
Mrs. J. A. Folgrer, Mrs. Z. P. Gilpin, Mrs. F.
B. Ginn, Mrs. R. P. Gleason, Mrs. C. L. God
dard, Mrs. Giles H. Gray. Mrs. Tyler Hen
shaw, Mrs. E. M. Herrlck, Mrs. F. W. Horton,
Miss Jennie Huff. Mrs. F. I. Kendall. Mrs. Paul
•Lohse. Mrs. William Meek. Mrs. Horry Meek.
Mrs. Henry C. Morris, Mrs. A. Miner, Mrs. A.
B. Nye, Mrs. Warren Olney, Mrs. F. C. Paget.
Mrs. A. J. Ralston, Mrs. John Russ, Mrs. Pedar
Sather, Mrs. Aujcust Schilling.- Mrs. Prentlss
Selby, Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mrs. H. B. Smith.
Mrs. Egbert Stone. Mrs. H. C. Taf t. Mrs. II.
T. Thomas, Mrs. Henry Vrooman, Mrs. Henry
Wadsworth. Mrs. E. M. Walsh. Mrs. H. H.
Watson. Mrs. George E. 'Whitney, Mrs. John
Yule. Mrs. M. C. Chapman, Mrs. W. H.
Friend, Miss M. R. Babson and Mrs. C. W.
Kinsey.
The following named young ladles will
serve refreshments:- -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 8.
One of the Important post-Lenten social
affairs of this city will be the reception
to be given April 17 by the Ebell Society
in honor of Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of Berkeley. The event will take place at
the Ebell Society's rooms, and opportu
nity will be afforded for many of Oak
land's prominent leaders in social, edu
cational and philanthropic life to meet the
wife of the president of the University of
California. Mrs. Wheeler has been active
along these lines since her arrival in Cali
fornia, " and it is in recognition of her
eminent standing that the Ebell Society
has arranged this function. The hostesses
of the afternoon will be the following:
Society to Give a Recep
tion in Honor of
Mrs. Wheeler.
WILL BE A GUEST
OF EBELL WOMEN
a center of attraction, won him the ad
miration of all who observed him; Stu
dents of chirography would perhaps have
seen his determined, and fearless character
outlined in. his bold signature on the hotel
register.
"I have had a bad attack of la grippe,"
said the general last evening, "but I think
if there is anything that will bring me
back to my normal self it is. your beautiful
climate. I have not decided how long I
will remain out here. I am simply touring
to benefit my health."
General Fitzhugh Lee is one of the best
known and most admired of living- Ameri
cans. He was born at Clermont, Fairfax
County, Va.. in 1835, and is a nephew of
the late General Robert E. Lee. He grad
uated from West Point in 1856 and re
mained in the United States army until
the breaking out of the civil war. He
then resigned and. joining the Confederate
army, served as adjutant general to Gen
eral Ewell. He later commanded a cav
alry corps in Northern Virginia. He sur
rendered to General Meade at the close of
the war and was one of the first to accept
the armistice. He was elected Governor
of Virginia in 1886, serving till 1890. He
was appointed United States' Consul to
Havana from 1S93 until the breaking out
of the Spanish war, when he returned to
the United States and was placed in com
mand of the Seventh Army Corps. After
peace was declared. It was mutually
agreed by both powers that he should be
come military governor of Havana.
FAMOUS SOUTHERNER WHO AC
TIVELY SERVED HIS COUNTRY •
DURING THE LATE WAR.
The Board . of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance removing the
present limitations upon the height of fire
proof and non-fireproof buildings. The
amended ordinance limits the height of
buildings of the first "named class to 170
feet and of the second to 104 feet.
Architect Mooser explained that a num
ber of tine buildings were being projected,
but the present -ordinance militated
against; their erection on account of the
height restriction."-
The ordinance, making it a misdemeanor
for any person attempting to secure the
benefits of the pupils' half-fare ordinance
who is not entitled thereto was passed to
print. The Geary Street Railway Com
pany notified the board that it would
abide by the half-fare ordinance, but it
denies the constitutionality thereof.
The ordinance regulating the use of
signs and transparencies which was sub
muted by the Merchants' Association was
passed to print. An amendment prohibit
ing the maintenance of -illuminated signs
for advertising purposes was lost. Bran
deristein gave notice of reconsideration.
A communication was received from S.
\V. Hollaciay, oirenng to sell the lot on the
northeast corner, or' Clay and Octavia
streets, running half way to Sacramento
street, for 540,OuO, and the next lot on the
east for $35,000. The land is desired by
tho Park Commission to add to Lafayette
Park, which plan is recommended in a
letter submitted to the board.
The ofter of William H. Greene and
George \V. Greene to deed a right of way
for a culvert under Nineteenth avenue
was referred to -the Judiciary Committee.
The Board of Public Works recommends
the acceptance of the grant.
The ordinance establishing grades on
Army and Dolores streets was passed to
print.
The ordinance prohibiting the. papering,
tinting and kalsomining of walls in build
ings without iirst removing the old paper
tiritinsr and kalsomine therefrom, was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
The City Attorney was directed to ren
der an opinion whether the Tax Collector,
has authority to engage special counsel to
prosecute suits for the collection of de
linquent license taxes on nickel machines
owned by the Pacific Telephone Company.
Colonel A. D. Cutler addressed the
board with a request for. the return of a
penalty imposed by the Assessor for fail
ing to make n sworn statement. Cutler
explained that he had never been noti
fied of the arbitrary assessment, but his
petition was denied.
Ordinance Designed to Prevent
Frauds Under Half-Fare Ordi
nance—Regulations of- Electric
Signs Adopted.
Supervisors Remove Present
Limitations on Height
of Buildings.
STRUCTURES MAY
BE BUILT HIGHER
The protest of Henry Warfteld, secre
tary of the Anti-Bondage League, against
t he issuance of bonds to provide for pub
lic improvements was referred to the
Kinanet Committee. His reasons for the
protest are. among others, that bond is
sues as proposed will more than double
the cost of the improvements.
The resolution directing the City Attor
ney to discontinue further action in* the
condemnation proceedings in connection
with St. Mary's square until the final de
cision is handed down by the Supreme
Court was adopted.
The Mayor was authorized to appoint a
committee of twenty-fire citizens to take
charge of the Memorial day exercises.
McCarthy suggested that the result of
the investigation into the Police Court
scandals be heard before any action be
taken. Reed f=a id that the city was pro
tected by bonds exacted from city of
ficials, and th > District Attorney should
see that his subordinates obey the law by
turning the foes collected into the city
tieasury every day.
Supervisor Comte presented a resolu
tion, which was adopted, which directs
the City Attorney to advise the board as
to what proceedings are necessary to call
for a bond flection for hospitals, schools
and sewers and for park extension by ac
quisition of land?; also as to whether the
board has power to acquire land for park
purposes by purchase or condemnation;
also whether all propositions for the issu
ance of bends be submitted at the same
election and on the same ballot.
McCarthy desired to know what special
necessity existed for the creation of the
position. He referred to the fact that the
board already had an expert! Jennings
stated that the Finance Committee rec
ommended the appointment because the
Grand Jury as a body had requested it.
BrandenstPin desired to know out of what
fund the salary should be paid, and when
informed that it would come out of the
urgent necessity fund opposed the bill on
the ground thut it made another inroad
o» the fund named.
The ordinance providing for the ap
pointment of Grand Juror Joseph Gordon,
at a salary of $100 a month, as an expert
to check and verify during the months of
May and June the accounts of the various
offices as to tho fees 'collected was vigor
ously opposed at yesterday's meeting of
the Board of Supervisors and was defeat
ed on passage fo print.
City Attorney Asked to Advise What
Proceedings Are Necessary to
Call for Another Bond
Election.
The Supervisors Refuse To
Appoint Grand Juror
Gordon.
OPPOSE CREATION
OF NEW POSITION
The petition of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club to give professional boxing ex
hibitions in July. September and Novem
ber was referred to the Police Commit
tee .•;••
The petition of Attorney Thomas
F. Prendergast, representing wholesale
butchers, for a modification of the present
pound ordinance so that it will permit the
grazing of sheen on unfenced lots, was
referred to the Police Committee.
* McCarthy explained that the license tax
on hacks was $65 and compared with that
rate the present license on cars la ridicu
lously low. There are W7 cars operated
in the city, which means a revenue at
$.5:. per year of more than $32,000.
The ordinance imposing a license of $10
per quarter on runners and soliciting:
agents was passed to print. *
"The ordinance defining: the fire limits
was passed to print. Attorney Lennon.
representing the Larkin Street Improve
ment Company, addressed the Board in
opposition to Including Larkin street from
Golden Gate avenue to Sutter within the
limits and the ordinance amended to elim
inate the seven blocks named.
The ordinance Imposing: a license of $78
on theaters with a seating capacity of
less than 500/ to be collected quarterly,
wp.s passed to print.
The ordinance authorizing 1 the Board of
Public Library Trustees to sell the build
ings on the lot at the corner of Clara and
Fourth streets was passed.
The petition of the Public Library Trus
tees for the transfer of the Fire Depart
ment lot on Sacramento street near Fill
more to the jurisdiction of the Public
IJtrary as a site for a branch library,
was referred to the Fire Committee. The
Trustees submitted a list of estimated ex
penditures for the next fiscal year, which
it fixes at $73,700, including $10,000 with
wh'ch to build a branch library on the
lot . _ .
The ordinance Increasing the license tax
en street cars from $15 to $50 per annum
was passed to print by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. The License Com
nrlttee reported in favor of the measure
on the recommendation of Grand Jurors
Badger and Dunn, who asked that the li
cense be fixed at $100 on cars forty feet
in . length.
Fire limits Are Slightly Extended.
Public Library Trustees "Would
Erect Branch in West
ern Addition. >
Ordinance Imposes License
of Fifty Dollars Per
Annum.
TAX ON STREET
CARS INCREASED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1901.
GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE
HERE FOR HIS HEALTH
Han Who Nobly Served His Country in Cuba
Just Recovering: From Severe' Illness.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$10^ RUPTURE. CURED
oiv^^^^^ifV,. for TEM DOLLARS.
Z?gi2££&rl3fecrr^5^*y*l Thousands bavu be*n cur«i
~j72bHBHK§ BaEaBawvS- at their own Homes tor this
Wliilll reationof UwAee. Secar-
-rs—^--^-J} LLg-^--^ tarprt. No worthless salve*
!'-r^t^gSH_^^^^ > «ggga or lotions to rn^on. It<loes
r\ . W s*- 1 *^-* the work. Investigate:
"B«tlf j Xe. 1" ftrtagr fall information mailed, immedi-
ately on receipt Jc. stamp ami this .viTt. '•»¦' 2 r ,^l,I£l s
MAGNETIC TtUSS CO. •«> *" M ****•*> **« FiAKlSCO.
Coffee Is more injurious than tea, as It
not only affects the nerves but has a de-
cided tendency to make one bilious.
Figprune Cereal Is an agreeable and
healthful substitute. Ask your procer for
the new health coffee— Figprune Cereal, a
Caiuornla product.
. lgprune is prepared only by the Fig-
prune Cereal Company. San Jose, Cal.
Attain the highest degree of perfection in
California, and these choice fruits, com-
bined with selected grains, . scientlflcalyl
blended, make the best and most nutri-
tious cereal coffee on the market.
The stepping stone to perfect health Is—
Figprune Cereal. Thi3 delightful beverage
is a great aid to digestion, and its daily
use In place of tea and coffee is already
being recommended by physicians.
Flgprune consists of 54 per 'cent fruit
and 46 per cent grains.
. ¦ • ¦ i*22» :
Figs and Prunes
The Only Health Coffee.
FIGPRUNE CEREAL
Weafc Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health • an 1
strength to sexual organs. Depot. XZi Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1901.
10
¦ AST FRANCISCO CALI*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca... corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until „ o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
SCO Hayee etreet; open until S:30 p. m.
C3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:20 p. m.
as Lerkln etreet: opr- until *:30 p. m.
5941 Mis-ion Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
I2C1 Market etreet, corner -lrteenth; open
until 9 v. m.
306 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
X0S6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. tn. ¦
Korthwest corner Twenf-second and Ken-
?ncky streets; open until » p. m -____________.
MEETING NOTICES. r
CALIFORNIA Chapter No 5. K. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jk
ING, April 9. at 7:30 o'clock M. M. JT^
decree By order of the H. P. r w '
oegree. 13y -.g U yK T^ x H . DAY . Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodsre No 30. F. r and m
A. M.-Called meeting THIS <TLES-
DAT) EVENING, at 7:20 o clock. De- Tt2^
tree 1 Bv order of the W. M. * w
gree l. uy gg^-^ MEYERj Secretary. .
EVENING, ygggggiBp. A*
EXCELsioR~i^od_71c^r.JC| F. _and A. Ji
M —Special meeting TUESDAY. April % #%_
p at 1 -30 p. m.. f cr the purpose ol con- 1^^
ducting the funeral of our deceased /_?
brother, IRASON CROKER BROWN. Rela-
tives and friends are respectfully inuted.
By order of «j« M*"ff- e>nTH> secretary.
OFFICERS and member* of Oriental JV _^
Encampment No. 57. I. O. O. F.-Too \f
»re requested to meet In your hall TO- X\>
DAY (TUESDAY), at 1 X>. m.. to at-V' X
tend the funeral of our late Patriarch. J.
SCHMALTZ. C. H. KORNBECK. S. W.
BARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O.
r.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) SjZLKVfe
EVENING. ~^^!f^-~
J. H. HUTAFF. N. G. '"!*'*•
TO the officers and neigh- -j , """fl
bcrs of Calumet Camp ;>_L»*S*--«9lk
No 426. W. O. W.— You fCfi^/ftcW -S&M
are requested to assfmble j_Sa^~»-— JgWZJl/
at vour camproom, Shlels **^~^™
building, on WEDNES-
DAY. April W. at E:30 a. m.. to attend the
funeral of our late neighbor, J. F. CROW-
LEY. Bv order of the Camp.
F. J. TYRRELL. C. C.
Attest: "W. C. GREAVES, Clerk, 770 Bryant.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Annual v <C?>U
family picnic will be held at Fair- Ckp/J
fax Park on SATURDAY, May "«»3__^
4. 1901. St. Andrew's Society of
Oakland v.-ill participate.
ALLAN POLLOCK. President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for hejjthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
AGEVTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— "Agulnaldo and Hero Funs-
ton." by Murat Halstead. Philippine histor-
ian: swift, sure seller; write to-day for pros-
l>ectus and territory. Halstead Publishing
<'o.. Cincinnati, Ohio.
WANTED— Agents in every town on the coast
to act for the London Card Company. 1079
Market st.: samples with your name on 10c.
ASPHALTl'M UOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
'paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
' ATTOttXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
-¦- fee without success; collecting. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market., cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages; es-
tate*; mining; open even. 592 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ltO.VRDI\G FOK CHILDREN.
FAMILY without children wishes child to
board: good home and care. 132 Fourteenth
st.. near Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES. /
A— $2000; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower store with nursery, hothouse, etc. ;
lioiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
nil description; established many years and
doing a money making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, SShi Kearny et
A— $1000; FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
restaurant; choicest downtown location; do-
ing a good paying business; rent $50; a rare
business offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 1 ,*
Kearriy et.
A — $1300; DELICACY and provision etore; 1
block from Market St.; daily receipts from
J30 to $40; a first-class, paying business. Call
It. G. WILKE. 26'4 Kearny et. \.
A— $1SOO; SALOON in wholesale district; no
niclu or Sunday work; rent $50; daily re-
ceipts S20; good business; owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $C50; SALOON; corner; only one block S. of
Market St.; net rent $S5; a first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kear-
ny et.
A— $1850; CORNER grocery and bar, on Point
Lobos ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old.
established and first-class paying business,
with large stock; rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. S6^ Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
818; good paying. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $1000; PA*RTNER wanted In plumbing shop;
estab. 30 years; well paying, large patronage -
Fhop, bldg.. horse, wagon and stock; business
man or mechanic wanted; $250 per month"
guaranteed. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A A I
Marion Griffin, 719 Market su. by Call bldg.
A branch bakery on Fillmore St.; rent $20....
3 fine living rooms; good business; Invoice
A saloon and 12 elegantly furnished rooms;...
rent $115; finest proposition in this city;
a money-maker for a man and wife
A restaurant; good location; fine business;...
150 cash, bal. $10 month; a good proposition...
Bakery and cafe; mining town; 2000 people;..
rent only $25; sold on account of sickness.
A EPLENDID* paying drugstore.
Will eell stock end store complete
or will eell prescription books,
fine fixtures and goodwill.
Daily 6ales average S75.
On very best business corner.
Established many years asro.
Thorough Investigation solicited.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by Call bWg.
CIGAR Btore; good location: owner leaving
city; make .offer; grocery and bar; good cor-
ner; owner has other business; will sacrifice
for J450. Bargains In hotels, delicatessens
butcher ehops, cigar stores, drug stores
branch bakeries, confectioneries, livery etc
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. •
Rooms 1 and 2. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 eroceries and bars.
S00 candy and Icecream stores, 500 restaurants
J*oo stores of all kind?; partners wanted
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us
WALTER HAYES At CO.. 838 Market st.
FOE private sale; some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Mkt.
A— WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted in commission
business; will clear $75 month each; no ex-
perience necessary. STRAND & KAISER,
209 Kearny St., room 1. . . .
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
Ftores; also restaurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In light manufacturing
business; duties will be attend store and as-
sist generally; clears $75 a month to each-
onpital required $300. DONNELLY CO C32
Market Et.
A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer- In
manufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market et.
RKSTAURANT; good location; cheap rent-
rtaily receipts S16 to $20; make offer to-day
must be sold. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st!
.-•id— BARBER Fhop; bargain; going East cause
cf sale. Mclaughlin & co.. rr.y x Market
$;C00 — CORNER wine and liquor store; splen-
<1id el.ance: to be sold at once, having other
lv.-?iness: large bEsement; everything new-
r.-year lease; rent $40. Box 29:,9. Call office!
A-*2C0: RESTAURANT: no better location in
»lie city: this is positively worth over $1000
taut it must (ro immediately. Busines Board
of Trade. 326 Pine et. ; phone Davis 326.
THE RACES— To-day when you want to beat
the horse* and win some money, call and
fc-e BILLY WILSON, horseman. Office at
lCTT'/i Market Et. from S a. m. to 1 p. m.
P.rU'TAURANT;- good location; cheap rent:
dully receipts ?16 to $20; maUe offer to-day;
.muit be sold. C19 Sacramento -st. :
JJJGHI.Y profitable, exclusive staple formulas;
world-wide Heid;promoter or inve.Etor.2010.Call.
WILL rent 3or.ff lease, newly furnished res-
taurant: cheap rent. Address box 293S, Call.
SALOON for sale opposite tlie ferry. Apply
111 East st.. north of MarUet.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY for mechanic
with 6cme little capital to obtain paying pceI-
tlnn tn a new furniture manufacturing 'com-
rary. Adfircss O. F.. box 2S27, " Call office.
'* PPSIXCSS CHANCES-— Con tinned.
A GENTLEMAN representing for several years
a large California house would like to make
other connections In canned and dried fruits,
beans, etc; best references furnished if neces-
sary. Address room 311, Board of Trade build-
ing. New Orleans. *
. 7 : — ; r
OUTSIDE 1 route on this paper for sale. Apply .
Call Business office. --
A RARE CHANCE— A well established coffee
saloon and restaurant for sale. 511 Montgom-
ery Ht. | -
OLD established corner saloon; 2 aunny living
rooms; no reasonable offer refused. 654 4th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1P96 Va-
lencia £1. ' • '
L~6d~gixg-house"s for sale.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL.; "-.ill
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner: fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market.' 500
14 rooms on Third st,, near Market BjO
14 rooms on Mission st..." 5>;0
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150...... 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $135 l»00
44 rooms; positively the best: clears $300.. 6000
S5-room house; clears $800 60UO
.SO-roora . boarding-house; clears* $CO0....... WOO
g-room flat; sunny side • < 00
6-room flat; very good 3-5
500 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at 1% per cent.
' H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. ath. .
E0-ROOJ1 boardtnfr-house; clears over $400 every
, month. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
22-ROOM house; sure to clear $100; price $450.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
ATTENTION. SELLER— I can sell your house
or. real estate for you. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S30 Market st. and 3 Stockton st.
Rooms 2L. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If vou have hotel, rooming-house or business
to Bell list wlth'us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and Drice3. Uuyers. see our list
of bargains: ¦
34 rooms. Van Ness; rent $180; boardins-
house; good furniture and carpets ....$33C0
31 rooms: Market; rent $i50; good transient:
always full; good investment $1100
35 rooms; Howard; rent $80; good transient
house; pays well "....$900
20 rooms; Turk; rent $M); new '. — J1S00
12 rooms; rent $65; hardwood furniture: good
carpets; clears $100: privat* bcardingr-house.$1100
15 rooms; rent $70: elecant furniture, with
piano; always full; table focfard $HW>
Inventories and legal papers typewritten; rea-
sonable rates.
SELECT ~YOUR HOUSE FROM THK
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; fine location; elegant furniture. $2*>
11 rooms; always full; good income; pnly.VW)
18 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $100)
27 rooms; apartment house- well turn :...$<>"•(.'
46 rooms; downtown: a wise Investment. J265O
89 rooms; modern house; clears $450 mo.. $3500
150 rooms; first-class hotel; bus. people.. $25,W)
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain l.st before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean; clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
30 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only J200 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished «
We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
MORTGAGED HOUSES THAT MUST SELL
21 rooms; new: near Maiket st $1359]
20 rooms; central; part c:«£h 1000
32 rooms; corner; good house ". 2700.
24 rooms; offer wanted; see It lOW
47 rooms: rent only $60 1100
WINSTON & "VYOLF. 1026 Maiket St.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
j Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market st-, opp. Mason.
i FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.; tel. Jessie 1599.
48 rooms; north of Market;'only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable.... 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
! 24 SUNNY rooms; lent only $70 $170'>
17 rooms; all light: transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; half can stand ZoO")
35 rooms: Howard: well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
35 ROOMS on Howard: rer.t $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $150 J,
II rooms; McAllister St.; rent $40: price $353.-
14 rooms: Mission St.; reit $50: price $550.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
_. _ -
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.— By Call bids.
1 have houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchange. I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title.
$7500— A SNAP— 30-room nearly new hotel, with
2 stores; laree lot; main street. Alameda;
will exchange. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st. ¦
FOR sale — A 6-room furnished house; nice
home; rent $25. 1614 Bush st.
14 ROOMS, central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Donncliy Co.. «»2 Mark.it.
SPIRITUALISM. 5
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world bo sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium;, advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. FrI. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs). 513 Eddy, bet. Hj-de-Larkin.
A BENEFIT test meeting at 909 Market st. to-
night, 8:15. for Mrs. Rines; the following me-
diums will assist: Mesdames Foster, Heuss-
mann. Eberhardt. Kotter, Seeley and • John
Slater. Swan, Wilson and others; 25c.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings 11. 1164 O'Farreli, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN, trance medium; advice in all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
- at 33 Sixth Et.. rooms 16 and 17.
MRS MAXWELL, meeting Tues. Wed., 1238
Howard; Thurs. 117 Larkin, lower hall;
Wrenn, Swan. *
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
¦ night except Sat. : 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let-
ters read; 10c; prophetic sittings daily. 148 6th.
Mrs. Glllingham. spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; eealed quest. 305 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
C. W. MILLER'S trumpet materializing stance
to-nlorht. S o'clock,; 50c. 1084 Bush st.-.
MRS. EBERHARDT' S convincing tests to-
nlght; 10c. 3250 22d st. ; phone Blue 954.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer, Room 14. 305 Larkin. St.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all to-night: 10c:
. ______________
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldgr.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
'future. If you are in trouble.discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect featisfacttonguaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and -£; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARXDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future: never falls: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up;: satisfaction to
everybody: tips on races. 215',4 Sixth Et.
MME. VALEEN, palmist and life reader,
psychic and magnetic healer; cures diseases
and habits: teaches how to Influence people
and be successful in love and financial af-
fairs. 215 Leaven worth st. " '. •: ¦¦¦¦'
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double \-ell— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; buslncs, . love, mining, law-
sults. £C*,_ Kearny, r. 5. 6: hrs/10 to 12. 1 to 7.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114$ Market, op.
- 6th; private leadings daily, 10 a.' m. to 5 p.m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant." card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472 Stevenson st,cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh St.
YOUNG Zcmdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given; L. 50c, G. $_, 1203 Mkt.. cor. 8th.
MME. ItENNER. life, p'.anet -reader, palmistry;
ladles only; Sc and 50c. ?£ Ellis st.
. CL.AIR.VO YANTS- — ContlBned^ JE
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water Y"
reader. 11 6th;Germanspoken;tel.Howardl846. ¦_<_
HME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; G
sittings dally. H&& Jessie St.. bet, oth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and —
palmintry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission. «
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
¦ advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St. -
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING. c:
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work T
send to SPAULDING'ji Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing -W r orkg. 353-357 Tehama at.; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeingr company. =
242-344 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam • Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. Jt
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno- '
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Maine 394. GEO.. WALCOM, Proprietor. —
CARPETS cleaned at Ihe lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st. Telephone Jesse 944. ' g
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. _
CHIROPODISTS. <*• _ >
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts.- chll- —
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter. 1"
COLLECTION OFFICES. - fL
GEORGE W. KELLY"S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room S10, 92? Market st.
~~ ¦ COTTAGES TO LET. B
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833— Cottage, 3 rooms ; large
yard; rent $8. ¦ ' " . _
DENTISTS.
ATMhe'ELECTRO-^EI^TAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, —
$3 do up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of- G
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager. _
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges "N
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my ¦
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years' [_
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable' plate-, the Rose Pearl, ~~
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, S5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth. _
DR. LDDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh C
—No charge for extracting when plates are
•made; old plates made over like new; teeth _
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas. given.* "V
MEYER, 6 Turk — Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;bridgewoik. Open Sundays to 12 m. •
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— g
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain- *
¦ less extraction 50c: plates to up -.phone Polk 1135. g
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. '. F. Painless extraction, 3
60c. N. Y. Dentists. P69 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun- j
days. 10C1 Market St., corner Sixth. >
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G. B
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St. ¦ '
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES £.
McDOWELL DreTsmaking & Millinery School^
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt. _
'¦ E
EDUCATIONAL.
PROF^ C ALDERWOOD' S Faculty Developing
School, opposite Hale's, 1130 Market St.—
Talent discovered for law, Journalism, medi- —
cine, dentistry, elocution, psychology, drama, ¦&-
music, drawing mathematics, teaching,
banking, literature, electricity, assaying, p
mining, farming, manufacturing, inventing,
etc.; 50c; open evenings' ant^ Sundays.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.— X
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue. _
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.. A
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy,' English branches, civil, _
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day M
& night sessions: new fcO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Dav _
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg- C
raphy. etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
instruction; positions secured catalogue free. —
. 1 ¦ 11
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical —
colleges; references. President Jordan or any Y
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
PRIVATE teacher, with several years' sue- —
cessful experience, desires a few pupils in A
Eng. branches; special attention young chil-
dren; best refs. 19 Glen Park,- bet. 12th & t 13th. l_
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl- C
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and S
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl- —
tions to, all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.'
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,minlng,mech.,sur- F
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Bt."
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. _
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and *'
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; individ Instruction: catalogue. —
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar": experienced. IOCS Mission st.
CROW'S Dancing Academy; private or class; *"'
waltz a specialty. 615 Post st. * _
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, °
etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. _
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and T
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. _
$6
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. _
NEW office; Italian, American and French em-
ployment office— Wanted— Cooks, waiters and ~
all kinds' of workingmen. A. BALDASSI & F
CO., 206 Montgomery ave. '¦ •
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-. —
cleaning Co., best' help; send men at short 4
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds: A
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. —
¦ F
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203. r.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main E18S. ~
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072. -
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office—
Beat help. 526 O'Farrell St. ; # tel. Hyde 2191. -
CHINESE arid Japanese employment office —
Bef.t help. 41H4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
¦ ¦ ¦ C
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED — FEMALE. .
A — TWO German girls wish positions together "•
as housework and nurseglrl or second work; A
can be seen in our office at 10 a. m. to-day;
10 first-class waitresses want places at
springs. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. •_ , -
YOUNG couple, quiet; wife . wants work for
husband' 8 'board or his room and wages in
private family. 'Call or address MRS. KI-
ZER. 1703 Howard at. ¦
ELDERLY woman wishes situation; . will take
care of child and assist with sewing; cltyor
short distance in country; best city refer-
ence. 1234^ Bush st.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day; <
good laundress or any kind of work; office
cleaning; reference. 1336 San Bruno ave.
COMPETENT young woman desires a position
as nurse; understands 1 the. care of children;
trustworthy and kind. 751 Howard Bt.
HOUSEWORK wanted by middle-aged woman -
with good reference. Call at 912 Howard st. "i<
SITUATION wanted by 2 Scandinavian girls;
one cook and second girl; no " objection to
country. Box 29S6, Call office.
2 SWEDISH girls want housework. 1214 Ver-
mont st. . ¦ 1 ¦- . . ' •
BY lady with several years' experience, either
as stenographer, cashier or reception lady;
best Chicago references. • Box 2953, Call."
WOMAN' would like plain sewing to do at V
home. S64 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, wishes situation as working
housekeeper: good cook. MRS. M. L1STON,
Station M, Richmond district.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great* house-
cleaner;- can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare; I
good washer flannels. 726 Mission, downstairs.
WANTED— By a good cook a position in a prl- v
¦ vate familv; v/ould go a. ehort distance in
-country. Call 31'J Minna St. •>•¦¦
LADY wants work by the day washing~or v
housecieaning; wages $L 632 Mission st.
REFINED young Swiss lady wants a position v
for upstairs work in American family: city
preferred: city references 3 years. Call or -
address 4060A Seventeenth St., off Castro. ,, G
COMPETENT chambermaid desires position In -
hotel or ¦ lodging-house. Call ¦ or : address C V
• 2S% Clay st.
EMPLO YBIKX T WAKTBD-OTBMAtB.
YOUNG lady desires position as office clerk or
.bookkeeper; references. Box 2963, Call office. ¦
GERMAN; good cook, would like a position In
Santa Barbara; good reference. Box 2937.
Call office. ; . . . ---.-¦ . ¦¦- ¦'¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night: $150 to
$6 wetk; convenient and respectable; free bus
- and baggage' to and from ferry.' • •¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 199»
Valencia st. -••.•- :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener, willing and
obliging, wants position In private family,:
•Bummer resort, institution; cao. care for lawn,
flowers, vegetables, horses, cows; all round
man; very handy and useful; good refer-
ences. Box. 2935. Call. -
BARBER, . 2 years' £ experience, wants .work
with good man. Box 2933," Call.
BY experienced detective, private work; rates
reasonable. Address Detective, 735 Eddy st.,
San Francisco. -
YOUNG man wishes a position as assistant
bookkeeper and typewriter. Address F. A.,
164B Russ st. .
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender;
2 can speak French and English; is a musl-
/ cian. 81S Pacific st. _-
SITUATION wanted by an experienced chil-
dren's first and second laster in shoe factory.
S..SENTO. 1300 Turk st.. corner Webster.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier (age 30), - with
present firm last 12 years, .wants to change
where brains and hard work count. Box
2782. Call office.. "
WANTED— Agents in every town on the coast
held positions of trust; used to handling men;
would travel for firm or any position where
faithful service is wanted; give me a trial
and a show to work up; I will not disappoint
you. Box 2906. Call office. ¦
GARDENER wishes situation; can take care of
horses, cows, poultry, run gasoline engine.
Address box 2961, Call. ¦
WANTED— By a young man, work of any kind ;
. in suburbs or country; . wages $12 a month.
Box 2962. Call. \ . ¦ . ' ¦- '
ELDERLY man would like home and small
remuneration I for his --services. Address box
2966. Call office. ¦-:¦¦¦.¦
SITUATION by young man 'taking care of!
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 2965, Call office. - .
COUNTRY drummer would like engagement
after 10th inst. ; satisfactory reference fur-
nished. Box 2964, Call office.
WANTED— By married man, no children,
steady position as blacksmith; good all
around smith; city or country. 3876 Silver
. St., near'Thirty-eighth,- Oakland. .
SITUATION by a first-class gardener; Swiss;
single; best references given; private place.
Gardener. 504 Broadway.- ' : I"
SHAPER hand, band sawyer and shop
draughtsman wants steady, work, city or
country. Address L. ESSICH, 701 Castro St.,
Oakland. ' '
BY trustworthy, reliable, active man, large
business experience; income Is Insufficient;
. live on small salary; pleasant occupation;
No. 1 references. Please address box 290, Call.
BY an industrious, trustworthy, active man,
outdoor occupation preferred; good home more
an object than salary; No. 1 references.
Please address box 289, Call office.
SITUATION by young man (German), taking
care of horses, cow, garden; useful in gen-
eral; references. Address E. BURKE, Ar-.
llnston Hotel, 474 Ninth St., cor Washington,
Oakland, Cal. . ¦
ENGINEER (German), middle-aged, licensed,
with thorough knowledge about ice machin-
ery and able to • take charge of plant. Is
open for engagement; first-class reference.
Address B, T., box 2828, Call office.
ENGINEER, first-class mechanic wants posi-
tion. Address A. O. U., box 2S96, Call.
POSITION wanted by competent man as col-
lector; bonds and references; salary no ob-
ject. Box 2829, Call office.
COMPETENT and thoroughly experienced
stenographer, young man, energetic and am-
bitious, desires position; Al references. Box
2918, Call office. "
A GRADUATE in pharmacy wants employ-
ment in city or country; single man. Ad-
dress Druggist, box 2921, Call.
MAN and wife, without children, wish situa-
tion to take charge of a ranch; best of ref-
erences Klven. Box 2928. Call office.
CARPENTER wants steady work; would In-
vest small , capital. Box 2863, Call office.
MARRIED gardener with first-class references
desires situation. Add. V. P.. box 2858. Call.
YOUNG honest Japanese boy wants situation
as schoolboy in the city. Address T. SUGU-
KAWA, 113 Church st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * ' " -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call bra-nch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
FINANCIAL. . . .
FOR IN VESTORsTTT^
. I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property: gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and Industrial corporations; money to
loan; Investments made; bank references; cor-
respondence solicited.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
Room 40, 310 Pine St..
San Francisco.
$6000 LOAN wanted on Improved ranch prop-
erty within 65 miles of S. F. ; will pay 8 per
cent net. Box 2843, Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
NICE sunny flat; corner; 7 rooms and bath.
402 Ninth st/
OCTAVIA, 615— Corner sunny upper flat, 7
rooms and bath; $35.
TWO sunny flats near City Hall; 6-room flat,
12 Grove St.; 4-room flat, 62 Ivy ave.
$6 EO— FLAT of 3 rooms. 246 Harriet St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Harriaon and Bryant.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and carpets of 40 rooms; must be
sold; building to be torn down. Apply 309
Powell st. between 1 and 4 d. m. only.
4 ROOMS furnished In tak, $18 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of .' furniture, carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat for sale; central
location; cheap rent Apply 202 Fifth Bt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody, 7o7 Mission; tel. Red 335S.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., .pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture'* furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. Jessie 761. ,
HELP WASTED FEMALE^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
23 waitresses, different commercial hotels,
fare paid, $20 to $25 ."
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city,
$20 a month and $7 a week ...
2 waitresses/Institution $2o
2 waitresses, railroad eating house, Arizo-
na, $25, fare paid, see party here
2 pastry cooks, institution' and restaurant.
$9 week *and $30 a month
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...:.
Girl i to take care of small children, choice
place, $15; 2 girls for same family, general
housework and care of children, $20 and $15:
.wanted by the 14th, good plain cook and
housework; office fees paid by ladies for
above places • • • ' ;•••;;:
Cook, German style. 2 in family .J^
Cook, San Rafael, three in family ...$30
Housegirls, cooks, tecond girls, nursegirls,
city and -country; Infant's nurse, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
1IRS M. E. DAY & CO.— PHONE MAIN 1575
• ¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT. -
18 waitresses, first-class city and country ho-
.tels, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20; 4 chambermaids, $15 and.
' $17 50: woman cook, $40; 2 pastry, cooks, $30
and $40 • •¦
:- , ¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT. J
•Houseglrl. Santa Rosa, $25, fare paid; many
choice places, city, $20 and $25; 2 second girls,'
$20. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— -A large number of servants to fill
our numerous situations, such as cooks, second
girls, waitresses, nurses and for housework,
all at going wages, $20 ' to $35 per month;
uurse for invalid, $20; hotel cook, $30; Protest-
ant chambermaid and clean paint, -for Institu-
tion $20:: 2 waitresses for restaurant, $25; 6-
cooks plain wash, city and country, $30 and
, $S5. J.-F. CROSETT & CO V S16 Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 . Montgomery, r. 12.
Waitresses and chambermaids, city. $20. - ;
WANTED — German- griri for upstairs work and
take cafe of child 6 years old: small family.
2727 Clay, st.,' near; Pierce; red house.%.,.- <
WANTED— First-class talloress ' on coats. 410
Kearny st... room 32.. . ' •,.¦¦¦. " ' ¦
WAIST ffnishera and skirt hands wanted. ¦ 2014
Sutter st. . y .... \ ' . ¦
GIRL. for downstairs and good plain cooking ;
reference." 2210 Vallejo Et., near Webster. >
WANTED — Good . finishers on .fine custom coats.
2C9 Hickory ave. ,. .
' HElP'jyASTEP— FEMALE— Con.
GERMAN cook; wages $23 per month. Call 926
- Grove I st. between 9 a. m. and 2 p.'m. ' . :
GIRL to assist in housework at 117 Bartlett
street. ¦' • ., . . . - ¦
GOOD girl for general housework; 3 In family.
S29 Shrader st. ¦ - - ¦
FIRST-CLASS trimmer on hats. Economy Mil-
linery, S32" Vallejo st. -
GIRL or woman; housework and plain' cooking."
9 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth St., nr. Mission.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands; steady work.
E. MESSAGER'S Cloak and Suit House, 145
¦ Post st. - ... : ¦ . . -
WANTED— City experienced millinery sales-
lady. 24 Kearny st. .-..-"•¦¦ >
CUSTOMS shirt finishers. . D. C. H.EGER, 1344
Market st., opposite Seventh. - ' . ¦
OPERATOR on pants; steady work. 83 Third
street. '• • ¦
WAITRESS wanted. 207 Third »t.
FIRST-CLASS' apprentice on " v custom coats ;
• good pay. .Tailoring Palace, 222 Kearny st.
WANTED— Girl on custom-made- coats. 520
Kearny st., room 1. . >
WANTED— Girl to help with light housework;
good, kind home. 1589A Market st.
WAITRESS wanted; must understand the busi-
ness; -wages $7 per week. 657 ¦¦ Clay st.'
WANTED- Waitress. 435 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking at 80 Wll-
- low ave., off Larkin st. .
GIRL for cooking and housework. 219 Haye3
street. ' ;_ < ' ¦ ¦ , : ¦¦-¦.'.
GIRL to assist in dining-room. Potrero Hotel,
301 Twenty-secondFtT '.
FINISHER on custom coats; good pay; steady
work. 146 Fourth st.
TAILORESS wanted to work on custom work.
. 200 Golden Gate ave. •
a— WANTED— Small girl to assist in .house-
work; wage3 $10. 4047 Seventeenth st.
WOMAN to cook and do light housework:
Alameda: family of 5; $20. H. A. SMITH.
25 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced bindery girl. . MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay St.
GERMAN girl for general' housework. 1713
Leaven.worthst.. bet. Broadway and Vallejo.
PANTS finishers at once; good salary. HENRY
HILP, 1C6 Battery st. - , ¦
• WANTED— First-class finisher on pants, 75c
pair and steady work. 211^. Tehama st.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats. 927
Market st.
APPRENTICES on coats, vests and pants: paid
while learning. BELASCO-HARRIS CO., 541
Market st. . -¦
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. BELAS-
CO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. '
OPERATORS on pants and vests; steady work.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO., 541 Market Bt.
WANTED— In San Rafael, for general house-
work In a family of 5, a strong, quick, in-
telligent girl with good references; between
age 28 and 30; wages $30 per month. Ad-
dress P. O. box 235. San Rafael. Cal.
WANTED— First-class finishers on good pants;
steady work; good pay. .Inquire Monday and
Tuesday at JOE LANCASTER'S, Tenth and
Washington sts.. Oakland.. ¦- ¦ ¦ ' " .
W r HOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not under 25, who is intelligent and
trustworthy: no bookkeeping or stenography.
Box 2912. Call office. I
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators; steady
work; good pay. LOWENBERG & CO., 27
Jessie st. .. ' • : • .
WANTED— First-class chocolate dipper. Ad-
dress box 2796, Call office. ' ¦ .'
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
PANTS finisher; steady work; also apprentice;
- paid while learning. 14 McAllister, room 18.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH, of flea for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' -•
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO' S.. Phone. Grant 183
RAILROAD WORK
Drillers and header smen, big tunnel $2 50
Teamsters for Nevada ;.. Free, fare
3 stonemasons, $4 a day, seei- boss 'here;
blacksmith, $2 25 te $2 50; 2 milkers for Ore-
gon, $30 and fare paid; 10 milkers, different
ranches, $30 to $40; 3 carpenters, city, $2 50
to $2 75; 2 farmers, $25; choreman, $25; G
farmers/ orchard, jv a- day..v
¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
W'affleman, country hotel, $40 and found,
free fare; fry cook, restaurant, $65; 6 cooks,
restaurants, city, $10 and $12 a week; hotel
butcher, $40; cook, coffee house, $5o; camp
cook for railroad camp, $50 and fare paid ;
3 waiters, country hotel, $35; 2 omnibuses,
country hotel, $25; 10 waiters, city and coun-
try, $25 to $45; machine dishwasher, country
hotel. $30 and free fare; 4 dishwashers, dif-
ferent springs, $25; 3 dishwashers, country
hotels. $25 and fare paid; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $30 and $23; marker and dis-
tributor, • $15 a 'week; polisher, $15 a week;
2 polishers, $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY... -...Phone Main 5848
..Leading Emplyoment and Labor Agents..
Want 7 a. m. to-day :.
6 carpenters, sawmill company
• $32 and found, "fare paid
5 rough carpenters, city.... $2 60 to $2 75 day
Millwrights, sawmill company Fare paid
9 blacksmiths, 5 helpers, ranches, shops and
•camps, $60, $50 and $40 and $3 a day
25 laborers for. the sawmills and woods. ...$26
32 farm, orchard and vineyard hands....
$26 and $30
12 milkers, city and country dairies.. $30 & $35
Butter makers, cheesemakers $30
Farmer and wife. $40; teamsters, city:.......
15 hotel restaurant and short order cooks —
$50, $40 and $35
7 bakers different country shops.. $50 and $40
Laundry help; waiters, city and country;
porters, elevator boys, etc
Call down and read our -bulletin boards,
which contain full lists of work
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
2 MEN and wives, private family, $40 to $50;
milker and wife for Humboldt County. $30
and found: farmer and wife. $40; 5 milkers.
$30 and $35; farmers for Napa, San Mateo
and Sonoma counties, $25; ! vegetable gar-
gener, $26; choreman. $20: driver for delivery
wagon; can washer and stableman, $25, and
man about place, $20; cheese maker, $35;
milker and farmer, $30; milker, $30; 4 mill-
wrlghts.for lumber mill. $4 a day; 2 carpen-
ter?. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
'Sacramento st. *
A— WANTED —
Cook and wife for mine $60
Wagon-maker for ranch $40 and board
Cheese-maker $35
Two milkers, country $30
Butter-maker and milk $30
Plow hand $26 and haying wages
Hotel cook. Oakland. $45
Youns m?.n to drive butcher wagon, city.
W. T>. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St., phone
red 31. -- '
1 first-class carriage painter, $3 per day.
1 first-class carriage painter, $2 per day.
2 milkers at $35 per month
Cashboy at $3 per week.
Gang of mill and woods men; 10 men to make
ties, posts, pickets and cut wood, pine, $1 25
per cord; farm hands, laborers, etc. 59
Third st. -_
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12:
Head cook. $70; porter, $30, city: bell boy,
$10; 4 colored waiters. $27 50 and $35.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folaom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
A— FIRST-CLASS brick carver: cabinet mak-
ers- wood carvers: non-union: no office fees.
Mechanics' Reg.' Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
BOY for plumbing shop; call between 7 and 8.
623 Davis st. ,¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED feeder on Job and Universal
presses and make ready. 16 Fremont st. .
WANTED— Salesman for retail crockery busi-
ness. Box 2958. Call. . / '
BOYS ¦ wanted. Apply at Rope Works. Potrero.
CANVASSERS— 3 energetic ' and reliable can-
vassers for newspaper. Inquire room 10, 314
.' Montgomery st. -
WANTED — Sober, reliable man for orchard
' plowing. Apply F. H. DEWEY. 217 Stevenson.
GOOD barber: steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
St., San Rafael: tel.. Red 1^. -
MATHEMATICAL Instrument m*ker' wanted.
Box 2954, ¦¦ Call. . "¦ ¦
PARTY handy with tools can secure partner-
ship In established light repair work; growing
' field; small sum necessary. Address Inde-
pendent, box 2960, Call. - .
AT cash prices fon. $1 per week, men's suits to
¦ order. NEUHAUE & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
WANTED^-Dishwaiher and porter. 212 O'Far-
• rell st. ¦ \ ' " '
PRESSER'at the California Clothing Renova-
.- tory. - 116 Geary st- ¦ . ¦ . .-,--.-
DISHWASHER; steady; sober, experienced.
612 Kearny st..' ;. ;, ...
GOOD bright 'boy wanted at 529 Mission st. "
BARBER shop. 3 chairs; bargain; old stand;
• good reason for- selling. Inquire Call office.
GIRL for general . housework; j reference. 1 579
CT Farrell st. - 1 ¦
GOOD errand boy E. . MESSAGER, 145 Post
1.. street. J
HELP WATfTBD- — MAIiE—C* 11 - '
LASTERS on men's heavy work; hand and
machine. Apply at E. E. GEORGE S. *>
Stevenson st J
"WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
. 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
STEADY man; light Indoor work; will pay $73
per month to start; steady place: must have
' $225. READ & CO., 1CO"^ Market st.
WANTED— Waiter at Golden West Hotel. 38
Ellis st. • .
GOOD coatmaker wanted by the week at 305A
Mason st. -^
STEADY, sober waiter. $25 and found: up-
holsterer and mattress maker, |25 and found.
Ahlborn House, 321 Grant _ve.
LUNCH waiter wanted from 11:30 to 1:30 p. m.
"at 515 Valencia st.~ • ¦ *
WANTED— Tailor at 1241 Kentucky st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing; steady
work. 871 Market st. _____
SMART strong boy over 16 for printing office.
79 Third St. t . - - ¦- .
WANTED— An elderly man; must write a fair
hand : wages $10 per month and found. Call
ANDREAS. 316 Stockton st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 429 Montgomery
avenue. -
GOOD ladles' tailor: no others need apply. J.
McCLENEGAN. 532 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
TAILOR on coats. 251 Eighth st.. Oakland.
GOOD shoemaker oji repairing: bring tools;
- steady work. 1015 Larkin St.. near Sutter.
I'IRST-CLASS boys' and childrA's clothing
salesman: none other need apply. RA-
PHAEL'S, Inc. ___________
BOYS for fishing voyage, $10 month, 'at HER-
MAN'S. 2S .Steuart gt. \
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
YOUNG man I to solicit for Merchant tailor;
experience not necessary. 1215 Market st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 13041. Valencia
at,; must be union. i
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 1406^ Dupont gt.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1428 Market st. ; ap-
ply at 8 a. m.
YOUNG man to help on first-class pants: must
have experience- good wages; steady work.
1000 Harrison st.. corner Sixth.
WANTED— Baker, assistant on bread, imme-
diately. Address J. S. MULFORD. Eureka.
Cal.
WANTED— Pants and vest makers. Apply at
JOE POHEIM'S, and llli Market st.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In eonnec-
¦ tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap Imitations. '
WANTED— An experienced wrapper for house-
hold supply department: Apply at HALE
BROS.. 979-987 Market St.. before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms ; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
W ANTED— Men for salt works; $1 50 to $2 50
dally; free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
Works. Los Angeles, Cal.
BARBERS, call Stoltz's Barber Supply House.
723 Market, and see latest and most practical
revolving chair; called "The Auto-back."
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st. ;
' no barroom chairs used In this college.
UNDERPRESSERS- on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and pants. 541
Market st.
BOYS wanted. Apply at Glass Works, Fifteenth
and Folsom sts. > ¦ *
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. EOc up. 241 Third st ¦
MAN with $300 to join advertiser to work pla-
' cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar^
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at HKH
Valencia st. ¦
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S V F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Stylish driving horse that lady can
- drive. Metropolitan Stables, 1315 Stockton.
X — 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinklinsr wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wag-on, for gale chenn. 533 MI— ilon.
HOUSES TO JLET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TWO-STORY, 7-room and bath and side yard;
Jones St.. between Jackson and Pacific. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market st. j
CORNER of Seventh and Howard sts: 7 sun-
ny rooms and bath; hot and cold water.
FIVE rooms In complete order, 114. Apply at
935 Harrison St.. near Sixth.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; large basement
and yard. 2251 Mission st.
MCALLISTER. SIS— Fine sunny house; 8 rooms
and basement: large yard; rent $35.
• HOUSES TO LET: — FURNISHED.
A~NICELY furnished bright sunny hom«, 10
rooms and 2 baths; magnificent view and lo-
cation. 210?. California st. •
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. S rooms and
bath; Oakland: $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room t. -
2020 OCTAVIA. nr. Broadrrsy— Completely fur-
nished 10 rooms and bath: for three month*.
$75 per month. '
HOUSES TO I ET— SAN RAFAEL,
TO let— Large house occupied at present as
boardlns-house; large flower garden and
kitchen: plenty- of fruit: will sell furniture;
easy, payments; cheap rent for family. Ad-
drass A. R. I. P.. San Rafael. Cal.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
THE Ribbon Water Heater will flow boiling
water in 30 seconds: will give a hot bath
every ten minutes at cost of 2% cents; call
and see in operation: send for illustrated
pamphlet. Ribbon Water Heating Company,
Hearst (Examiner), building, room 607.
~ LOST AND FOIIXD.
$50 REWARD— Lost, between Golden West Ho-
tel" and Ninth and Harrison sts., lady's dia-
mond screw cluster earrings with ruby In cen-
• ter. If found return to 396 Ninth St.- and re-
ceive reward. *
LOST— Earring, cluster with 9 diamonds. Mon-
day, April 8, on O'Farrell St.. between Grant
ave. and Franklin St.; liberal reward. Re-
turn 1050 Ellis st.
LOST— April 7. at ferry foot of Market st , 2
books. Address J. • H. JOHNSON, Arcata
House, Franklin an,d Water sts., Oakland.
LOST— In the Mission,' Irish setter; color red
white spot on breast. Return to 2443 Mission
st.; reward. . \
BLACK cocker spaniel Monday near Ferry
Return to 2723 Pacific ave.; reward J10.
LOST— Irish setter: tag No. 712; liberal re-
ward. 502 Second st. ,.
LOST— Package addressed to ¦ H. J Smith"
Manila. Liberal reward 25 Stockton st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society df San Francisco in the
name of WALTER I. MAGEE No. 219-104
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Rubber carriage tire. Return to TOM-
KINSON'S Stables, 57 Minna st.: reward.
FOUND— A quantity of brass. Apply 310 Jack-
son st. and Day cost.
FOUND— Purse and money. , Call 605 Broad-
way, room 43. " .. : . . /
FOUND-rBrown Irish setter dog. Call 6 p. m.
at 713 Waller st. ¦¦--".. " ¦
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing:. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list, MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis it.-
MATTRESSES and upholstery: te!. South 79-,
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly reli-
able. HQPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh at.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
E^OILERsT^englnes. "M^hand machinery. Me-
¦ INTOSH & WOLPMAK. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second hand; w» always
have a large stock of 6aloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixths write for catalogue. __-^
A— BUTS, sells or reat3 sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear st.
AX active, experienced warehouse man can
rent warehouse property very cheap or on
shares, at once. 27 Market st. ' .
A STEAM merry-go-round for sale, cheap; ac-
count of death. MRS. M. H. L.. Box 36S.
•Watsonvllle. Cal. ¦
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
BUI hang* and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California.
A 15 h. p. 5C0 volt T. & H. dynamo; also 10 h. p.
220 dynamo: guar. J. B.^ardlne. 220 Fremont.
A LOT of government tents; 30 bath tubs;
cheap 658 Mission st.
FOR SALE— 3 large tents. 12x16 feet: $12 50
apiece. O. WEINHOLD. Lombard and Lyon.
•00 LIGHT marine set. directly connected; good
shape: cheap. H. S. WHITE, 518 Mission st.
CHEAP— A plain surveyor's transit: In good
condition. Apply box 2916. Call office.
SPLENDID second-hand bicycle for sale, cheap.
Address 621 Market st.
BICrCLE— Gent's high grade 1901 model:
brand new; very cheap. Box 2939, Call.
ENGINES and boilora: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. ,
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 5* Bluxomg.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-haJ?d. all makes, at low
figure*. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg*y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought. Bold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery »t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAJ^CO^_417-43Sacrarn£ntoji^__^
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st-
SAFES— New and secoud hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT9. ~~"
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dl«s'. gents' clothing. 154. 9th: tel. Folsom 2521.
MEDICAL. -
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only:
jny regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; -the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnat*
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Mrkt.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
' treatment, superior to any other; positive cur»
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market St.. nr.
6t!hr-Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, pet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL. cases of female complaints cured with
capsules; price $1. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st. bet. Mason
and Taylor — Reliable ladles' specialist.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market St..
bet. Taylor and Masor: ladles' specialist.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Uniy*d States tar Canada one year for |_
3IO.VEY TO LOAX.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc 1 do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and vou need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate.
- undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-'
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery.T. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds.' jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$300.0CO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON, 412 Pine.
LOWEST rate3 on furniture, etc.-. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones:
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms ; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 63.
MONET loaned salaried people without sicurity.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. undl-
vlded lnts.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THB
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real-estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried peopie on note without
¦ Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or'ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
-MUSICAL IXSTriUMEXTS.
ANY person having use for a- piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchanse medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time -within
three yearn from date of purcjase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and J3 per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
$3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth St., Oakland. -
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.,
1 Novella upright. ...$65!1 Schiller *265'
1 Emerson upright.. 55 1 Gabler 135
1 Vose 85 lWaverly 122
2 Steinways ....185 up 1 Fisher upright.... 119
2 Helnes 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlln ... ZV)
I Hallet-Davis 4«5 1 1 Hardman 85
2Behr Bros 35711 Miller 125
and fifty others: rented and rent allowed:
rents $3 up: we handle all makes; agents-
for some of the oldest and most famous
pianos In existence; agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PARTIES having any kind of repairing or
tuning of pianos will do well to remember
that*we have the very b»st faculties for do-
ing fine varnishing, polishing, action repair-
ing and regulating, and will make lower prices
for good work than any house en the coast.
Let us make an estimate on your work.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
SPECIAL sale of good pianos at low prices at
MAUVAIS', 763 Market it., this week: ycu
can pay cash or Installments, cs you prefer
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
28 and 30 CFarrell st. ; pianos, organs I and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
S PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $S0. $125. $130: easy
payments: also Apolle slight — used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell
st.. Chlckering agency.
|C PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1708 Market St. yon
can get storage pianos almost for a song— JJ
! per month— dirt cheap.
FINE 3-pedal standard uprisht piano- sacri-
ficed account of death. 618 Eddy. nr. Larkin.
$135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale
217 Geary st.. -room 33.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos, J1S5 uo; rent3 and
easy payments. KLARE. 2S0C Flllmora st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway
Knabe and others. BRUEXN, JOS Post st.Pensions issued to-day were: Califor
nia—Original — John Barry. Veterans*
Home, Narja, S6: William E. Hall, San
Francisco, $6; Joseph B. Waugh, Lodl, $6;
Edward L. Rand, Veterans' Home. Napi,
$6. " Additional— James F. Tyhurst. San
Luis, $8.. Tncrease— Andrew J. Hull, Napa.
$8; George E. Jumper, Golden Gate. $W;
Edward S. Allen. Sutter Creek. $12. Origi
nal widows— Diana Wilson, Winters: $12.
Oregon — Increase — Marvin V. Tufford.
Portland. J24. Washington— Original-
Francis Dean, Cowlitz, $6. Increase — Nor
man Stewart. Everett. $17. Original wi
dows — Kate.B. .Whitney, Anacorxes. $8.
"WASHINGTON, Aprii 8.— Postofflce De
partment, orders arenas follows: ; Post
masters commissioned: Oregon— PranK
G. Butler, Fort Klamath. Washington—
LJewellyn G. Kennedy; Sk.amoka.wa. Ap
pointed: Washington— G. W. Stanton.
Carbonado, .Pierce Cour.tv, vl«e D. T.
Davies, resigned; Florence Lawrence, Li3
abeula, Kingston County, vice H. M.
Deery, resigned; J. A. Bwell, Qulnault,
Chehalis County, vice George Parks, re
signed.
Of Interest to the Coast.
was learned that the member -was separ
ated from the body of a man -named
Casebeer, in the course of a surgical op
eration. • Casebeer had been run over by
a train and his leg so badly crushed that
amputation was necessary. Dr. Smith of
Pomona and another physician performed
the operation and the leg was afterward
¦wrapped in cotton batting, inclosed in an
old newspaper and buried on Dr. Smith's
ranch. It is supposed that coyotes ' un
earthed it and left it where it was yester
day discovered.
Fireman : Edward Sseley Probably
;.? : v Fatally Injured at
' Barstow.
SAN BERNARDINO, April* 8.— Edward
Seeley, 21 years of age, son of Randolph
Seeley. a wealthy, rancher of this county
and one of the trustees of the State Hos
pital ¦ for the ' Insane i at Highlands, was
probably fatally Injured at Barstow yes
terday. -He: was acting as extra fireman
for the , Santa . Fe Railway " and in some
manner fell from his engine, which passed
over his legs and one -arm. Immediately
after the accident he was taken on a spe
cial : train to the . company's hospital at
Los Angeles. It is thought that, all three
of the injured members will have to-be
amputated, aqd his recovery Is doubtful.
¦ ¦¦• .-
Clears a Mystery.
LOS ANGELES, April 8.— The sensation
created here yesterday ; by ; the unearthing'
of a severed human near Claremont
was abruptly - terminated ; to-day; when It
FALLS FBOM ENGINE • /
AND IS - BTJN DOWN
San Francisco Miss Finds Her Grand
mother Lifeless in ITer: Santa
Eosa Home. .'".- .
' SANTA* ROSA, "April 8, —Drawn by. some
unaccountable impulse, Miss Delia Schu
maker of San Francisco decided on Satur
day evenins.to come to this city to spend
Easter with* her aged grandmother, Mrs.
Henrietta Kemp Van Ee. . Arriving on the
morning train, she went directly to the
house. She entered I unannounced, and
was shocked to find her grandmother lying
dead on the kitchen floor. She had evi
dently been stricken while wafehin< the
breakfast dishes, as she had a dish towel
In one hand, and a cup in. the other. : Mrs.
Ktmp Van Ee wa»> well known here and
was a native of Holland. — . ¦
TIMES VISIT TOO ZJUTE ?
TO FORESTALL DEATH
Pacific Train.
SANTA ROSA; April 8.— Among the ar
rivals on this morning's Southern Pacific
train from the East was a well dressed
young, woman, who had become suddenly
demented on a train at Ogclen. As she
had a ticket for Santa Rosa and her place
of residence was not known, she was put
in charge of one of the company's of
ficials and brought here. .She would not
talk and her case seemed a difficult one to
handle, Her ticket was made out: In the
name of P. McSweaney, and the young
woman is supposed to fce from some town
In Iowar:She says she hae relatives here,
but* will not tell who' they are. .Sheriff;
Grace is now endeavoring to learn some
thing about her-relatives by wire. In the
meantime Bhe Is being properly cared for.
Unknown Young "Woman Becoms3
Demented on a Southern
REASON DEPARTS AS SHE
SPEOBDS ACROSS CONTINENT
THE SAN -FBMGISCO ;GALL, TUESDAY, APRXL 9, 1901.
11
BATLW AT TEA VEL.
Good Enough
for Anybody
No one could, ask for a nicer trip. • Good clean
beds; good places for grub baskets; obliging train
men; plenty of time and chance to replenish eat-
ables. We think' the Burlington excursions good
; .- :¦ . enough for anybody. • H. P. Light.
I Iflfl mfnfifia T^ e Burlington Overland Excursions Iravs San Francisco Tuesdays
yiliullcUUi|! and Thursdays — Omaha, Kansas Cky, S:. Louis, Chicago —
IPjlfircnfSil EVERYWHERE Eas:. Tickets and 'berths a:—
galiiUiyfJBl Ticket Office, 631 Market Street
SK ' tti **^*"> W. D- Sanbom, Genes-al Agent San Francisco
OFFICERS and members of ¦ Golden Gate
Chapter No". I.O. E. S.. are notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late member, Kate
•Shaeffer Williams, this day (Tuesday), at
2 o'clock, from Golden Gate Hall, 629 Sutter
street. By order of the "W. M.
M. A. HAWLEY. Secretary.
. : (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock. ; from -the resi-
dence ot' her' grandmother.- 743 -Harrison
street, between Third and Fourth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery/ '
KETLER— In Larkspur, April 8. 1S01, .William
John, beloved husband of Mary ..Page- Ketler,
a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged 62 years.
(Washington. , Philadelphia, Virginia . • and
Maryland papers - please copy.) T"v5i
LAIDLAW-vIn Oakland/April 8, 1901, Walter,
husband of Elizabeth Laidlaw. and father of
Frank D.. Horace- and Murray • Laidlaw, ¦ a
native of Eneland, aged 76 years 9 months
and 27 days. .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 . o'clock, at
Masonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland, under the auspices
of Oakland " Lodee No. 1S8. F. and A. M.
Interment Mountain View. Cemetery. ¦. *}
MURPHY— In this city, April 7, 1901. James
P., beloved husband of Rose Josephine Mur-
- phy, and father of Edward M. and the late
beloved James T. Murphy, a native of Dub-,
lln, 'Ireland, ased 72 years 4 months and 19;
.days.\ ; ." ¦ • /¦ ..¦ ¦¦ ¦ ••¦ ¦:. ¦¦¦ : ...'¦:¦.
McCORMICK— In *' this city. April ¦• 8, 1901,
Eugene V.. beloved son of J. T. and Cather-
ine McCormick, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 months and 3 days: .
. . CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitedto attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 oe'lock. .from the resi-
dence or the parents, 4312 Twenty-fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAB— At Lima Rancho, Mendocino County;
April 8. 1001, Alexander- McNab. . aged 82
years. . . v . ' . ~ . : ;
OLIVER— In this city. April 7. 1901. Edward
Clare Oliver, a native of Indiana, ased 29
. years 8 months and 13 days. -
O'NEILL— In this city. April 7. 1901. Patrick,
beloved son of Felix and Sarah O'Nelll. -a
- native of Markea Hill, County Armagh. Ire-.
land,* aeed 29 years. (Dallas County, Tex.;
" Sacramento, Los Angeles and Tucson, Ariz.,;
papers please copy.) > r, ' -¦'
ECTFrlends and acquaintances eraj, respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral*T.his day
(Tuesday), at 9:30. o'clock, from the funeral
pavlors of . James McMenomey & Son, 10a7
Mission street, ounoslte new. Postofflce. In-
terment. Holy Cross Cemetery. r
QUINN— In th.ls city,' April 8, 1001. George
Francis, beloved son of Thomas and Maggie
Quinn, brother of Lyola and Raymond
Qulnn, . and grandson of John and - the late
- Catherine O'Connor, a native of Grass Val-
' ley, Cal..' aged 11 months and 23 days.
¦' IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Wednesday), at. 1. o'clock, from the resl-
. dence of roe parents,- 1023 Natoma. . street.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . . . .; : : : \ .
RAMSEY— In this city.' April .7. 1901. Cassle,
" wife of H. O. Ramsey, and mother of Ed-
- ward Clarence Ramsey,, a native of New
; Jersey, aged 50 years. ¦ ¦ •'
CTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 229 Day street. Interment private!.
ROCHE— In this city, April 7, 1901, Katie
' Frances, beloved daughter of John S. and
Hanorah Roche, and sister of Stephen,
Thomas G., J., J. and Joseph Roche, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 years and 9 months.
lETFriends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
¦ • of the parents. 26 Thirteenth street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .' ~~—
ROSS— In the City and County Hospital, April-
7, 3301, Hattie Robs, • a native of California,
aged 43 years. : : ¦ ¦ '
SEILER— In this city, April 6, 1901, Frank W.
A.-Seller, a native of Germany, aged 44 years
8 months and 17 days. .
¦ C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from tha funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street,
under the auspices of the Pacltic Coast Walt-
ers' - Association. Interment . Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SCHMALTZ— In this city, April 6, 1901, Jac-
ques Schmaltz, beloved husband of Blanche
. Schmaltz, father of Rosalie and Aline
j Schmaltz, - beloved son of Bernard Schmaltz;
and brother of Mrs. Samuel Hancock and. the
late Mrs. Marie Hancock and Charles A. and
j Emlle B. ScHmaltz -of Cedarvllle. Cal., a
natlv* of Mulhouse, Alsace, aged -47 years 8
months and 12 days. • ¦ .' :
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
¦ dence, 1219 York street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to I. O. O.
F. Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services, will be held under the aus-
pices of ' Franco-American Lodge No. 207,
I. O. O. F. . Interment I. O. O. F Cemetery.
SUTLIFF— In this city, April 7, 1901, Alleen
June, beloved daughter of Thomas B. and
Agnes C. Sutllff, and sister . of Carmelita,
" Natalal and Norma Sutllff. a- native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 10 months and 22
days. ' . •
1C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1912 Central avenue. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . ¦
TEICKMANN— in this city, " April 8, 1901,
William Gottlob, beloved brother of Eugen
' T^ichmann, a native of Stuttgart, Germany,
aged SC years. A member of San Francisco
t'Kchwabcn Verein, Verein Teutonia and the
German Benevolent Society. ¦ • • ¦
(EyFriends-and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from San Fran-
"* 'Cisco Turn Verein Hall, where the funeral
services will beheld under the auspices of
San Francisco Schwaben Verein, and thence
¦ to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cremation.
VIARD— In this city. . April 8. 1E01. Marie
Vlard beloved mother of Vlrglnle Balmfort,
mother-in-law of Ralph Balmfort. and sister-
in-law of Eugene Robinet, a native of France,
aced 86 years.
in?"FrIen<3s and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), - at 2 o'clock, from her late
"residence, 7S2 Folsom street, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres,^ where
servloes will be held. "
ZIMMER— In Lorin, Berkeley. April 7, 1901.
John dearly . beloved husband of Katherlne
Zimmer, father of Louise, Christopher, Kate*
Edna ' John and Johanna Zimmer, son of the
late Christopher and Margarethe Zimmer,
• brother of Mrs. K. Ritter and Miss Louise
Zimmer, and son-in-law of Margaret and the
late John Mulcahy, a native of Melbourne,
Australia, aged 48 years 5 months and 10
days. A member of Verein Eintracht ¦ and
West Berkeley Lodge No. 21. O. d. H. S.
rr7-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1587 Alcatraz avenue,- between Lovell
and Calais streets. J Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. -'\\\ "¦'¦ ¦ ' . ;
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l«av«> nual nr« duo •« »rrli« ¦»•
man ntA!««:iM<:«>.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
' uat> — Feou March 31; 1301. — akhivi
I "J:3»a. Benicio, 3ui»UD, Elmita. Vacm-rllle.
. | Ramaey *nd S»cr»m«nto 7:33p
5 ?:3Va Dmtts Woodland, Knight* Landing,-
Mrirjsiilie. Orotilie.. 7:3.1v
. 7:30a At'.autio lOxpresa — OjJeii and East lZri.ir
¦ 8:«o a MitrUuez. Sau Uninun, Vatlajo. Kapa,
Calistnga ami Santa Rosa. «*33p
' SiOOa LrTonnore, Stocktou, Hanford, Visa-
/ ha, fortenlllo 4sS3*
8:OOa. Kile*, Lithrop. Merced, ITwio, E»-
. ktnfcid 4:03*
3:30a Shasta Express— Datis, Willinma (tor
Eartletl Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland. 7>33r
¦i&OASitit Jose, Lifenaorf, Stockton,
lone. Saeninento. PUcertiUe,
MnryiviU«. Chlco. IUm! IliiilT 4>S3r
¦ SiSOa O»kd*!r, Chinese, honor*. Cutsis... 4 :23p
. ViOOa Hajwarda, Nile* and W»j Stations. 11:33a
,' »:OOa. Los Angeles Eiyresi — M trilu*a,
' Tracy, Lathrop. .Stock tou, Meieml
Vresuo and Los Angeles 7:33a
SiXOa V all.- jo. Martinez and Way Btailous Bi-tSp
JViOOa Tha OrerHud limited— Ogdeu. Dcn-
wr, Omaha. Chicago ** 0:13p
fliOAp Snf.raroeuto Illter Sio»niers J.VOUa
3:S0r Hriywardn. Nilrs and Way Htstkms. 7:33r
S--3ur Port Costa. Martlnts. Byron, S:ocx-
ton. Lodl. 10. 33k
¦4i«M»r lfenieia. Winters, bacmiusDto,
' Woodland, Kuishts Landing,
MarjsTille, Oioflllo.... I 0:83a
4:0»f MrrtliiM, Han lUmon, Vallejo. v>
Napa. OalixtoKK. iUnta Itosa 0>S3a
4sOOp Sites, livermore, Stockton. LoUI,
Me-ced, Fresao > .. 7:S3r
4:8Or Htjrvtfds, Wiia% San.lbsa, LlTtraors f9:<)3*
1:001- The 0*1 Limited— Tracy, Stockton,
"reiao, llakersttahl. Baugtis for
Haiita Barbara, Los Auzeles ...... S:33«
«>t«Op Hajnards, Niles aud Sao Jose...... 7.33 »
J«>OOt» V-alleJo lls.13«
OiOttp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:3 if
«:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, j Denver,
Omaha. Chicaco. J. 4s3.*f
7iO0r Itajmi nail California K*i'rrwi...H»o-
nmtmtii. Marj*?llle, ICviMliiif,
rortlmtil, rugat Mouml ami Kask Sl.19*
SioSrSan P*blo. Fork Costa. Martinez
and Way tiUtlous H.SSa
t»:O5p VallBJre 7sSAT
COAST LINE O'arnm <i tt « R t).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
»»I»A Kewarlc.C<Mitertlll<vNan.Jos9,Ft<ltmi.
Boulder Crcek.Saiita Orux and Way
Stations •»»•»
t*ilOr Newark. CentarTille, San Jose, N-it
Alm&den, FbH-mi, Boulder Creek,
¦ -•-• -Santa 'Cruz and Prlndpal Way
Stations tll»i.1«»4
4 1 1.1 p. Newark, 8>uJom. Lm Gatos •*:."•»»
o»:30p Hunters' Eioursion, Ban Jose and
Way Stations „ t?»?O>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSlB raiNCISCO— *wt »f Mirktl Strut (Sli? SI —
17:16 9:00 1L;OO*.H. 1:33 3:03 J:13r.«.
rrtmOlIUID— r«»t •( UtiJdw.T.— .ftl.00 ta;OO 19:01
10:OO«.M. I2:C3 S:SO i:Q3r.H.
COAST IJNE (Uroail <a>i S n).
- (Third und Townaeml 8ta.)
fGilOA Ocoan View, rtoiitli San Vraueiaco.. t w « :l "^
7i»i»a Kan .loaa ami Way Statliuui l.^tif
'/7»«»«u New Almiiflfii / 1:30:*
»:oO.v Coast LineXimi ted, 8an Joxe, Gilro-.
ftnlliias. f^so Kobles. S«n Lois
,...' Obiipo, Lnmpoc a*nt» Bjrb.ra,
Los Anfeies 10:43p
•iSOAMan Joss. Tree I'inm, Hnuta (.'ritx,
rneidc Grnru ami Principal Inter,
mediate .Stations . 7i3o»
IIiSOa flan .Ions abil Way Station* 3»ilOr
<2:-l «* San Matao. Umlwood. Menlo Tark.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Him .(one.
Trea Finos, 8auta Cruz, Salinw,
Montsrej aiirl Pacific Gror« lI»»:i.Ti
t3:8l>P Han .lose aud War Stations 6;3»A
f4:l.tp San Jose anil PritHrfpal Way SUtlcis '. U:i3%
. (7 1: 13 p Sunset Limited — El Pa«o, New Or-
leacs acd Kssb. • l«:I8.t
tSsOOrSan Jo«e, Lot Oatoa and Prirjeipal ¦
Way Stations {0:<i3t
3i30rSanJ»se ami PrinemalW.<7 ¦Stations H:»«a
«>.1l>p»an Jose ami W*y Stations »•»:«»*
7: OOP New Orleics E-rrpriMn. Saa .lose. .
S*nt% Barbara. Lou Anzelea. D in- _ ~_ v
ing. El Paso, Ve\r OrIe»rn>»ndEnt T:O»A
7iOO? Del Monte, AlonbB-ey, J>tdfle OfOT* ._
Lon-poc 10:ISP
qlli45p 3aii Ju««»m<1 Way Stations 7;3OP
- A for Morning. • 1' f <>r Afternnuu.
t Minuiav "impted. ? Sunday only.
jr Wednesdays. /Ta^sd^ys an«i Fridays.
eS'nd'y^ a8»tunlaf »>nN
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd lOvrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. DaUy. Dally.
LT. San Fran 7:20 a J:0O a 8:60 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11 MS a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p J:15 a
. " Fresno .. 2:20 p t:35 p 3:05 a
•* Hanford.. 4:22 p J:27 p 7:M a
•• Visalla - 4:W p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bkafleld.. «:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City... 2:41 a 7:30 a
•* ' Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for monitor- p tor afternoon. "
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleepier Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runa
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passeneers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
Bpondln*; train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. i> Stockton Local. Correspond.
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally. .
3:00 P. rn. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
Bpondint train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. U Bakersfield Local, stopping*
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding; train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak.
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing: September SO, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. *»:15. 11:00 a. m., «l:«.
J:15. 4:00,' 6:13. *6:15, «:40 p.m. -.
EXTBA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays'. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:0O and 11:33 p. m. - • ¦ .
SUNDAYS- »8:00. M0:00. »ll:a> a. m.. -1:15.
S:15. *4:43. 6:J0. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (?) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. f.ZO. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
12-.2O. 1:43. *3:3O. 4^0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays •
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
«!UNDAY&-f :80. # 8:». •W:W>. *U:i5 a. m..
•1:40. •2:15, 4:45. *«:20 p.m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MU^. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
1J:35, 2:10. 3:30, 4:54, 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS 'on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:03. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. S-J3. Z:JO.
6:00. (:45-. p. na.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
i (:E» a. m. week days— Cazadero ' and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations.
8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tions. . ' - ' ' '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
; Via Saasa-ito Ferry— Foot of MirkJt St.
t». i*m mo. . . »«• *•"• rwaw.
9:13 a. M-1 ttffit IUYS ( S.-0OP.JC.
l:«5 r. m. {• WEEK DAYS J era p. m.
4:00 r. k. ) Stay over nishtat toe tatiks (10::k a; m.
8*0 a. M.I - f 1:00 p.m.
11 30 A. M. \ STJJ. DA YS < 4r» p. Jt.
1:15p.m.) l5:3or.u.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.10.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausalito Fcrrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEACST ST. Established
In 1S54 (or the treatment of Private
Diseases. Ln»t Man hood. Debility or
di>eaa<> wearing on body am] mind and
SUn Diseases. T be Doctor cares wlien
others fail. Try turn. Charges low.
< 1 are«sr«n ri » nt «'«' rt - Cull or writ*.
Dr. 1. V. tilBKOA". ban Francisco, Cal.
MUSICAL I\STRCSIEXTS-lcon.
EIGGEST bargain in Fisl-er upright piano;
nearly new; must be o!<L SOI Jones et.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steclc. Har".nan, Con-
over and ethers. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Munt. -be eold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, nest Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co., Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman >ianos, 203 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rlght* at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 5T
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sect to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L •
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let— Small store with living-room sl 2«2
Misleon st.
POWELL. 143— Elegant offices partly furnished;
terms reasonable. ¦
OIL.
THREE cents per Ehare; safest oil investment;
is expected to go to $2 per share in a few
months; eend for prospectus. P. S. 21. &
I. Co., 826 Poet et.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. 2J0 Pine et.
MEMBER PRODUCERS'- OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL company Just forming; you can fret In oii
pround floor J'or little raoney. Box 2S44, Call
office. *
OIL tanks, second-haid. In pood order; all
sites; cheap. H. S. WHITE, tit Mission st.
WILL de*d choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL LAXDS.
CALIFORNIA Crude Oil Co., now drilling on
SW. M of SW. U of 19. 28-28. Kern River, with
producing wells on all sides offers its first
block of stock at 10c per share for one week:
ftret well will be completed by May 1, and
work will be actively continued until 12 wells
¦ re completed; company also has 640 acres
deeded land In Fresno-San Benlto district soon
to be developed; a 6u;er, safer investment
«-ae never ottered; no agents; no .prospectus.
>"ull Information at company's office, room
If. eighth floor. Mills buldg. Pres., Led. F.
Wlnchell: sec. T. A. Klrknatrlck; director
nnd counsel, JAS. G. MAGUIRE. Depository,
First National Bank of S. F.
75.000 ACRES oil land in various counties for
lease and fal^. ROBINSON. 36 Geary St.. r. 6.
PAIXTERS AXD BECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, {]
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
rOOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d ft. : tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY. ~
ifT'jEROME FOSSELLL scientific palmist, 515
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Post: tef. Black 561.
• PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
*?EO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
W ANTED— Doctor a*~partner on new discov-
ery. Box 2927, Call office.
PERSONALS.
WOMANLY BEAUTY— Calderwood's Develop-
ing School, 1130 Market St.; lessons orally and
by mail. 60c; no woman has a right to have
•nrtnklee, look old, be fiat chested or fat and
flabby; mental healing, human science,
thought transference, health culture and child
guidance.
X IF your hair in falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G, S. MOORE. 488 Geary et.. and you
v-111 not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; ¦ preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call -or send for circular.
WILL the lady on Oak Bt. who was Inquiring
for Stahlon- Gauze send her address to BAR-
CLAY J. .SMITH, 27 Market st. '
25 CENTS buys men's gray wlntpr undershirts,
all Flies; drawers all out. SMITH'S. 27 Mar-
ket et. '
21 CENTS buys men's, women's, boys' work-
ing glovps. gave half at SMITH'S, 27 Mar-
ket st. csecond floor).
REWARD — $1000 paid to any one whose wrinkles
or freckles return arter our treatment; sample
free at branch office. .N. Y. Institute of Der-
matotogy, Glasgow bldg., 105 Ellis st., S. F.
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary ct., where they Rive you free treat-
ment for ba!d heads, falllne liair and dan-
druff; Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
«•• also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Mlcrobane Medical Co.. 411 Geary Et.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
liome: $5; valuable Information for liquor, ,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk St., San Francisco.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $1£ up; fine dress suits. *20 up: ele-
p-ant overcoat*. |1S up." LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
TLECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
T5c to Jl E0 per night; $1 60 to JS per week;
Tree 'bus and baccace to and from the ferry.
FINE rults, flO; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— 13 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats, f 1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressin?. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessens cr class. MISS A V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds. «Incle. three-<ju»rter
cr double. *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Ft., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery St..
I room 21: phone Bush 289; charges reasonable,
ladies' Sc gents' cast-off clothing bought &
' «old. J.Silverman. 884 Folsom; tel.Folsom 1131.
OLD sold, silver, diamonds and precious «-tonea
rought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market ft.
>LFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to lti natural color; $1; at all druggists.
•KIKQSLAND Art Colors." lor leather, wood
end photos. «t all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy worit to irder.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red 1368.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" office, llttl Market St.. nr.' Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
¦electric ne«5!e. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Cora Paint, the best
com cure: £5c: all druggists. - ¦; • .--y -.:•
PHYSICIANS AXI> SURGEONS.
r5Tc. c! O'DONNELL— office and residence,
1021% Market 6t. between Sixth and Seventh.
I3P-. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
HEAL ESTATE-*— CITY — FOR SALES.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
. . . = ¦': "¦'--.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market it
ticao— Seven-room house on Broadway: a
»23to— Two splendid fiats; rented $23; near
Sixth «t.
}3250 — Seven-room aoiise on Leavenworta 3t. ;
very.^heap.
$3500— Near Butter et; 2-story 7-room house;
oft'er wanted.
$T7oO — Splendid investment: near Van Ness
tve.; rents **1: all rente*.
53500— Vicinity ot Ellis and Powell Ets.: iot
40 feet lront: rents 163 month.
Sl?,500— Leavenwcrth et.; rents $103; lot 65 fes:
front; a!l rented.
$14. «00— Three elesrsnt flat*; rents $150; all
rrntrd: half cash; must sell.
$57,i0O— Two stores and two flats; no vacancy
la 8 years: rents tn"; lot 60 feet lront,
$18.000— Howard tt.; dowrtown; fine -VBtory
t;uild;nK. with basement; tnM $125. •
m.OGO— Greatest barsram tn city; lot « feet
front: 4-story brick build! us; all rented and
liayti positively over 8 >er cnt net; within few
blocks of Chronicle.
JIS.OOO— Business property of 4 stores anl 8
f!nt»; rents fCSO.
J36.005 — Mission «t. ; 70 feet frontage; dowu-
tctvn district.
?40.0f»o — Corner on Sansowie 6t.: 137 feet front;
old isir-rovemenU : rcntinsr fcr 1250.
$10.000— Corner Golden Gate ave.: 137:6x137:6;
rente J24G.
$jj.Co3 — Grand corner; »-0 feet front; few
blocks from Orplieum; pays € per cent net.
J7S.00D— Grand corner; 60 feet front; within
block of Tivoll: old Improvements; rents S100
$7S.O0<>— Splendid corner in\estment; rents SJSi;
lot K2sl»0; S frontages; ..ew improvements.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market Bt.
REDUCED FROM $1300; must be scld within
;0 days;^1100; 4 rooms, stable, well of -water;
iot 114x25; street accepted by city; cement
fi Jewalk; planlc 6lde . entrance. Owner. 412
Twenty-ninth et.. Mission cars pass door.
NEW office; real estate and fire insurance bro-
kers— Wanted— Land* and houses on nale and
rent. A. BALDAESI & CO.. 206 Montgomery
avenue.
LOT In Mission— Corner, 25x90; desirable lo-
cality, residence district; suitable for grocery,
no opposition. Apply 7S1 Stevenson sL
$12.500— PACIFIC Heights modern residence.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
platss furnished. Satebury, builder. ir3 Market.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
MISSION. 1647— For housekeeping, 2 sunny fur-
nlbhed rooms; gag; bath; runnig water; phone.
O'FARRELL, 742—3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; 1 large light, housekeeping;
low rent. '• .
POWELL, 143—2 .bedrooms; also - housekeeping
room furnished; references. - . .;. - ,; -
' STOCKTON, C07— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 eurny rooms ; also ningle rooms. - ¦
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished j rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. •
TO rent for the summer — Three newly furnished
tunny, rooms and bath; complete for. house-
keeping; Laguna, near Pine; no children. 3ox
2914, Call office. •
TURK. S03— Nicely furnished alcove suite; con-
necting kitchen: running water; gas, bath.
TURK, CIS— 2 housekeeping rooms, furnished;
¦ gas range; fl2 per month;' front parlor, un-
furnished^ •
VAN NESS ave., 798, cor. Eddy— 4 furnished
rooms;- bath; no children; references.
f 6— NICE front room; 223 Kearny St., near Sut-
tcr. Apply 15 Grant ave. . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptions • has been- established at 1096
VnloTicI* ft. . ¦
ROOMS TO . LET— Fnrn. and L'nfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, "21 Grant ave.^-Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance;- large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 5*5 up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOVRE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to tl per night; $1 25. to $5^ per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all-night..
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 24, off Fourth— Large sunny front
room; also single room; private family.
EDDY, 872— Elegant suite, $35; other rooms; if
seen will satisfy; new flat.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st.--
. Tel. Red 2334 rooms fu;*nls!ied or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Large sunny bay-
window, $15; bedroom, 2 persons, SS; one, $6.
GOLDEN GATE ave"., 730—2 large* sunny front
rms.; 1 single rm., J6;bath; private; .German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HATES, 136 — Small sunny room suitable for
gentleman, rent $6. ' • •¦
HOWARD, 959— Nice front room; private fam-
ily; for one or two.
MINNA! 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1206— Nicely furnished front bay-wln-
."dow room: sunny: suitable for doctor.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. , lights; day, week,' mo.
O'FARRELL, 326— Sunny front rooms at mod-
erate prices. ¦ ' -^ ¦
PINE 704- : -One large furnished room, stove,
folding bed. $6; also other rooms.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to SI 50; week, $2 to
JS; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 310-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to Si: week, tl 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House," 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— FurnUhed .or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 717, nr. Taylor— Very 'choice for busi-
ness or home: reasonable: please" Investigate.
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received At Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH, office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
Iencla st. .. -.¦ '¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion,, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California- St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and • sightly rooms at modest rates.
HAIGHT, 232— Nice sunny rooms with board.
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board first
clays. 2101 Central ave., Alameda.*
NICE sunny room, furnished, and board if
required. 42 Oak st. ' ¦ ¦¦ ' •
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Elegant,
large gunny rm.,: also sing, rm.: board: ref.
ROOaiS _
WANTED— 2 furnished r^oms uptown for light
housekeeping: must be in a respectable fam-
ily; $15 per month. Box 2955. Call office.
_ SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable:- take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadal.. Pa.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 175 Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. April 1, 1901.
Coupon No. 8, due April 12. 1901, from first
mortgage 6 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California, will be paid at the
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after. that
date. ¦ S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19; tel. 55S0.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— La-
¦ dies during confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
bEWIXG MACJHIXES JlXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambecit, 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 203 4th.
.BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced ratca. 145 6th: phone Mint g.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for :le*s money- thau any
houce In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for WooTeiT~Blalnkets^ D^pot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco,' Cal., April 5, 1901.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday.
. April 20, 1601, Pacific Standard Time, and
, then opened, for furnishing "Woolen Blankets.
Quantity to be subject to an increase of 20
per cent, if desired by this Department. Un-
guaranteed bids, and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications, will
under no circumstances be considered; pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids- will be opened for
the delivery cf the Blankets at either the
San Francisco, Boston, • Chicago- and Phila-
delphia. Depots, but none will be given con- J
sideration for inspection or delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must* be stated by bidders In their
proposals, and no proposition should be made
which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
tnd such preference will be given- to articles
of. American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast,' to the extent of
the consumption required -by. the public ser-
vice there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. 2447," and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,
U. S. . A.. Depot Quartermaster. • • » ;
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 6, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday, May 6
1501, and then opened, for construction of a
sewer system at Fort Point, Cal. Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part; Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (Including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to art!-/
cles of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent of consumotion re-
quired by the public service there. . Informa-
tion furnished on application* to J..M. MAR-
SHALL. Assistant Quartermaster General.
Chief Q. M. . , .. .
UNITED' STATES Engineer Office, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal.. April 8, 1901.—
Sealed proposals for dredging In tidal canal;
Oakland harbor, Cal.. will be received here
until 12, noon. May 22, 1901. Information ' on
application. W. H. HEUER, Lieut." CoL,
Engineers. ' ¦ • ¦<. - ¦ - . ¦„ :. ... ¦-
~~~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 2$ (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau. Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 : Market st.,' San Fran-
cisco, on and after Wednesday, April 10, 190L
Transfer books J closi»d Thursday,— April 4,
1901, at 12 o'clock m. - - . . . -
: •¦,.- ..-..¦- E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND ' notice— The Giant ' Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 2S, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable • at - the office of ' the - company ¦ 430
California- st..- San Francisco, on. April 10,
1901. Tr«*3sfer books close April 3, : 1901. at
noon. • A. A. SPARKS, S3cretary. ..
STORAGE A!SD WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movinjj Co.;
of flee. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKXKS Van and 6tora»e Co.; 7?2 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. '. . ; >
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
• pany. ¦ 2320 TUlmore $t. ; phone . Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage " Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.-
' MARRIAGE LICENSES^
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Khnore I C. Lef fingwell, 25, of this city, and
Ethelwlnne .Thompson, 22, of Eugene, Or.
Howard H. Piercs. 24, of Oakland, and Anna
A. Deike, 22, of Oakdale. v •
Robert T. Swan. 23. 804A Lyon street, and
Alice M. Cook, 22. 2212 Sutter street. • .
Michael II. Bird, 30. of thl3 city, and Char-
lotte J. SchwarzEchild, SO, of this city, v ¦
John . E. . Markey, 43, 7S0 Pine street. . and
Margaret O'Connor, 44. 730 Pine street. . >. .
William A." Ross, 22, 1315 -Bills street, and
Kathryn M. Inglia, 21, 618 Steiner street.
Clarence L. Howard, 44, 324 Bush street, and
Josephine Fromhertz, 25, of Po'rtolo. '
Jesse H. Waterman, 31. 2409 -Devisadero
street, and Amy F. Schussler, 19, 2214 Jack-
son street.
George O. Froat, 26 t of San Jose, and Mae
Safstrom, 19, of San Jose.
Philip Rowe, 31, 1032 Washington street, and
Florence A. Doyen, 28, 1032 Washington street.
• Harry G. ' Trlpp, 34, 553 Geary street, and
Maude A.Buhlmier, 23, 653 Geary street.
- Richard G. , McGregor, SO.' of this city, and
Edith M. French, 25, of Palo Alto. ' J
Jules Brett, 39, Cosmos Club,- and Emily L.'
Schneely, 28, -G53 Harrison street. - :
James A. Pallas, 24, 335 Bryant street.: and
Mary T. Donahue, 18, 748 Harrison street;
James C. Hall. 22, Golden West Hotel,' and
Lucile Peterson, 20, 1624 Vallejo street.
Donn O. Marks, 29, 116 Turk street, and Ida
Moe,' 23, 636 Fulton street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death ! notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons. authorized to have the same published.
-, ;,-•:;/¦¦ ; born. \ .: ':'¦ .
MINOR— In Gilroy, April 6, 1301, to the ' wife
of Dr. J. F. Minor, U. S. A., a son. ¦ ;, :
PRIOR— In this city, April 7, 1901, to the wife
of John L. Prior,, a daughter.
______
DAVIDSON— ASHER— In this city, March 24,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Abraham
Davidson of Sioux City, Iowa, and Meta
Asher. '¦ ' ¦ • .
JURS— GOLDEN— In this city, April 7, 1901. at
¦ Plymouth Congregational Church, by the
Rev. F. B. Cherlnzton, Henry F. JurS and
Di Louise Golden, both of -San Francisco.
JORGENSEN— SAMSOE— In this city. April 7,
1901, by the Rev. A. H. Lange, Rasmus Jor-
gensen and ¦ Christine Samsoe. ¦
KUTNER— ABRAHAMS— In this city, March
31. 1&01, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Abe L.
Kutner and Florence Abrahams.
MITCHELL-McLOUGHLIN— In this eity.Aprll
7, 1901, by the Rev. J. N. Beard, D.D., John
J. Mitchell and Bessie C. McLoughlln, both
of San Francisco. .
NETTER— ROSENZWEIG— In this city. March
31, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Marcus J.
Netter and Lillian Rosenzwelg.
NIELSEN— HUDNALL— In this city, April 6,
1901, by the Revv O. Groensberg. Soren P.
Nielsen and Bei=4»' B. Hudnall.
OVERAA— OLSEN— In this city. "April 6. 1901.
: by the Rev. O. Groensberg, MarUnus Overaa
. and.Hanria Olsen. ' . ¦ - .
WALL^-NIELSEN— In this city, April 6, 1901.
. by the ' Rev. O. Groensbersr, Martin O. Wall
and Annie Nielaen. • - . ¦¦ .
DIED. ~
Brown, Irason C. , Laidlaw, Walter '-
Bartels, John Murphy, James P.'
Bremner, ' Eliza M. • " McCormick, Eugene
Bell, Amelie A. McNab, Alexander
. Crowley, John O'Neill, Patrick. .
Duggan, Philip Oliver, Edward C.
Desmond, John .• Qulnn, George F.
Elsen. Babette Ramsey. Cassle
Farmer, Huapella . Roche, Katie F. •
Farrell,- Mark Ross, Hattle- . .
Green, Lloyd 'Schmaltz. Jacques '.
Harvey, Edward . Seller/ Frank W.. A.
Holtlen, James J. • Sutliff..- Alleen J.'.
Hushes, Ellen R-. . - Telchmann, Wm. G.
Johannes, Margaret Viard, Marie •
Kiernan, Myrtle Zimmer, John .
Ketler, William J._^
BROWN-In this city, April 6, 1901, Irason C,
beloved husband of ¦ Amanda L. Brown, and
father of Nellie R. Brown, a native of
. Maine, aged 73 years 8 months and 4 day3.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
.. fully o lnvired to, attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at "2 o'clock," f ram " the Masonic
Temple, corner Pcet and Montgomery streets, .
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodse No.
1G6, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
1 tery. ¦ ¦ " . •
BARTELS— In this city. April 8, 1901, John,
. beloved husband of May F. Bartels, father
of Clara J. and Viola' L. Bartels; and
brother of Henry Bartels. a native of Ger-
many, aged 57 years. 5 months and 1 day.
(New York papers please, copy.)' . .
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from^ Eintracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street, between . Howard
and Folsom. Remains at : the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, undertaker, 937 Mission
' street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. ¦
BREMNER— In this city, April 8, 1901, Mrs.
Eliza M., widow of the late George Bremner,
and stepmother of George St. John, Bremner, ,
a native of. England, aged 71 years.
BELL— In this city, April 8, 1901, Amelie A.,
beloved daughter of Frank and Marina Bell,
and elster of Frank, Edward and Millie Bell,
a native of Ean < Francisco, aged. 19 years 6
months and 19 days. ••.•,.¦•
CROWLEY— In this city. Aprils. 1901. John,
beloved husband of Mamie A. Crowley, son
of John F. and the late Julia Crowley,
' and brother of Mamie and. Gusale 'Crowley
and Mrs. H. Klein, a native of San Fran-
¦ cisco, aged 3d years. ' A member of Rincon ,
Parlor No. 72, N. S. G.'W.
C7"RemaIns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor &• Co.,. 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter. "
DUGGAN— In this city, April 8. 1901. Philip,
beloved son of Philip H. and Elizabeth Dug-
gan. beloved brother of Mary and Joseph
Duggan, beloved grandson of Mrs. C. Dug-
gan, and beloved nephew of Mrs. Walter
Gallagher and Mrs. H. L. de Vaul. a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aged 10 years and 7
months, J " '.¦•''. '.-'-.
DESMOND- In : this ¦ city, April 7, 1901, John
Desmond, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
EISEN— Entened into rest, April 8, .1901, ; Ba-
bette, wldbw of the late Augustus F. Elsen.
FARMER— In this city, April S, 1901, Huapella.
dearly beloved dauchter of Edward I. and
Catherine M. Farmer, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 7 years 1 month and 2 days.
FARRELL— In this city, April ! 8, 1901, Mark,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Farrell, and
father of Eddie, Mary, Willie and Maggie
Farrell. a native of Aughterard, County Gal-
way, Ireland, agdd 34 years 4 months and
0 days. • • .
GREEN— In this" city, April 8, 1901, Lloyd, be-
loved son of John W. and Rose Green,
brother of ' Harold J. : and Mervln D. Green,
a and urandson' of Mrs. Margaret McCurdy, a
native of San Francisco,, aged 4, years and
11 months. •,.--¦ ..w •¦¦• V';"-' • "•• '¦'•' •"¦'¦¦
inyFrierids and acquaintances are reipect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the. resi-
dence of the parents, 1014 Noe street, near
Twenty-Third. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ • \ •
HARVEY— In this city, April 7, 1901. Edward
Harvey, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
Vx 39 years. - * ' ¦ ¦ .
-(^¦Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coa«t Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, undertaker, 967
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth. : In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HOLDEN— In this city, . April 8, • 1901, .James
J., beloved' husband of Julia Holden. and
brother of Davis and Cornelius Holden ¦ and
.the late Peter and. Michael Holden, a native
of Wisconsin, asred . 48 - years. . . ¦
(ETFrfends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from- his late
-'¦ residence. 411 Third street, thence to St.
- Rose's- Church. Brannan street, between
Third and Fourth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
HUGHES— In this city. April 7, 1901, Ellen R.,
beloved wife of John - Hughes, mother of
Danirl 'John, ' Alice, Robert and Rose
' Hushes.'- and sister of Mrs. Mary 'A. Heney
of Mountain View station, Santa Clara
County, 1 a native of Boston.' Macs, y ¦¦¦ ..'
irJFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this- day
(Tueeday).- at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence ¦ 607 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart ; Church, corner FiUmore Fell
streets where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30. Interment Mt. . Calvary
Cemetery.' ' • ',
JOHANNES— In the City and County Hospital,
April 8, 1201, Margaret Johannes, a native of
"Germany, aged 50. years. ' V ; .' •
KIERNAN— In this, city. April 8. 1901, Myrtle,
dearly . belovpd daughter ' of Frank and Annie
Kiernan. and granddaughter " of Mrs.M. L.'
Kiernan, a native of San Frands/jo. aged . 7
"years 10 months and 15 days. f ,r. ,. .
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HBNRVd. GALLAGHER CO. '¦
tfuccesior to Flanhagan" & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERt
20 Fifth , «t-. opposite . Lincoln School. . >;
Telepbona South 80. "
I Eugene McGinn. ¦ . . • McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY BTRE1 C. ,
Telephone South 252. . - San Francisco.
- = No Connectfon With Any Other House. • .
\ REAL ESTATE3 CITY— FOR SALE.
$5250 ' ' ••••
Splendid vacant corner on Fourth st. ; suit-
able for business, grocery and flats; size
35x100;. a big bareain; worth $200 a front foot;
must be eold this week; only vacant corner
to be had. Apply to BALDWIN & HOWEL.L.
10 Montgomery tt. '
MUST be .sold— SE. cor. Matiposa and Florida
»ts.; etore of 3 rooms and flat of 5 rooms,
bath; easy terms; see owner.
FOR Sale— Nice cottacc 4 rooms and bath;
every convenience, f.23 Sixth ave., near Park,
Richmond.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Qunn. EM California.
IK you have lots * to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUK.V. «30 California st.
KCAL ESTATE — COU.\TKY — For Sal©
FOR eale In Contra Costa County— 90 acres ;•
en attractive country home, highly Improved
and uroductive. with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house, 6 rooms and bath;
email house for workmen and two tine barns:
out bulldincs: there are 4800 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears,- peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
simmons, plums, apples, olive and flg: trees
tight rears old and in full, bearing; abund-
ance cf shade tress.
There are several natural cprings, also wsll
and tank of 10.000 gallons, which supplies
house and grounds; also a live creek. It Is
eituated not far frem the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms, $5C0O cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for S years, inter-
est at 7 -per cent, or would accept good clt/
or Oakland "property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery st.. city.
IN the healthiest and best part of Placer Co.;
20 acres fruit; best varieties; 16 acres in bear-
ing; fine fence, barn and house; good water;
one mile from depot; ideal place made, by
practical man with experience; will sell
cheap on account of leaving the country. R.
E.. box 2204, Call office.
$1000— 40 ACRES: 4 miles from county seat;
25 acres cleared; some fruit and vines; a good
hog ranch. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market Et. " . '
RANCH for sale — 45 acre«r ?& in prunes and ep
pies; 10 in grapea: "jouse. bara. ' springs.
Apply owner, M. MKLLOT Lexington Hotel,
Alma P. O.. Santa Clara County, Cal. .
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., by Call building,
sells hotels, loclging-houser. stores, etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGK.
WANTED— Lots in Alameda or Berkeley suit-
able for subdivisions, in exchange for new
cottage 6 rooms in Alameda: rents • $20 month;
•will assume some mortgage. J. H. YOUNG,
owner and builder. 1243 Park St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1250 — SNAP; eleeant new modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location; near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO.. J501 Park St.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$150— SEE the acre lots. W.-C. MORAN & CO.
•$450— LOTS in thl Wheeler Tract. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. ¦
$3500— MUST be sold at once; 8 large rooms;
cost $3000; street work all done: cement side-
walks, £tc. ; grand view; 2 blocks to cars. and
close to U. C. grounds. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1300— $100 CASH, balance $15 per month; five
large rooms and bath; brick foundation; two
blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2400— SEE this; 6-room house; lot 50x135; two
blocks to cars; finest flower garden In Ala-
meda County; $2(9 cash, balance same as
rent: $25 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorin Station and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
STOP PAYING RENT.
Cottage, 4 rooms, close to station, street cars,
echool and stores; lot 40x135: price $750 only; $50
cash, balance 10 monthly. Take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorin Station, west side of railroad
track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON. •
CHANCE of lifetime— 5-room cottage in. prime
condition; bath, tiled eink, stationary tubs,
hot and cold water, patent closet, high base-
- ment; 'street sewered and macadamized: lot
40x135; windmill and tank; fruit trees; nice
flower garden; close to station; price $1250;
$2C0 cash, balance $15 monthly. Take Berke-
ley train, get off. at Lorin Station, west side
of railroad track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON. Lorin. j- .
$850— A BARGAIN for tittle money; cottage of
4 rooms, hard finished; good sized lot; chick-
en yard; flowers; 2 blocks of Echool house; a
• snap for few days. .
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
$650— FINE corner lot on Grove et., near High
• School and Town Hall ; street work done one
side; a bargain for quick buyer. MAY &
MORTIMER, Berkeley- Station.
$1200— NEAT cottage of. 4 rooms and bath;
windmill; street work done; must be sold.
$2800— Almost new cottage on improved
street : fine view.
$5000 — Modern home of 8 rooms; lot 50x125:
all Improved; will take outside land in part
payment.
MAY & -rORTIMER. Berkeley Station."
$1800— 50-FOOT lot on Durant ave., east of
Shattuck ave. . . .
¦ $430—80x135; 1 block to electric cars, 3
blocks to steam cars.
$650— Beautiful corner, 45:4x130; 3 blocks to
Berkeley station.
Call and see our*list of Berkeley property.
S. . S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite First Na-
tlonal Bank. „ /
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN — One acre in beautiful Fruitvale;
good location; grand view; alluvial soil;
splendid health resort; also 'well adapted for
chickens; this property is close to Mcrosco's
beautiful country tfrome. Together with 3-
rocm cottage: $1250:* $100 cash, balance montl»-
ly to suit: take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin station, west side ot railroad track.
¦ • RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly; new barn and outhouse;
lot 68 13-100x72 41 ; 100xl37:6; perfectly level;
randy loam soil; 'view and climate the, very
best: near wide boulevard and fronting 'on a
good county road; near two electric car lines,
. stores and new Town Hall; dose *o a model
school; 85 families located within 2% years;
the worklngrman's property, adjoining East
Oakland: see this bargain at once; price, all
told. $385; call or send for circular. 455 Sev-
enth- st.. Broadway Station, Oakland;
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner. ¦ .
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 — OAKLAND cottares, 4 rooms,, bath, base-
.ment. large, lot. city .water. R.
GOMERY, r. 3, 4th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.,
or A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAJtDJMnES^OJJiT.
COMMODIOUS offices to let: best location;
- electric elevator service. Abrahamson build-
ing, corner Thirteenth and Washington sts.,
Oakland.
$10— OAKLAND ¦ corner . store, with 3 Hvlng
rooms; large yard and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor Mills bldg.,
S. F., or A. J, Snyder, 467 Ninth st, Oakland.
OAKLAMJ KUItMTUItE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA VISTA ave.. 449, nea^r Frederick— 3
fur. or "unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Extra large bay-
window; use of kitchen; $17: front room, $6.
FJLLMORE. 2212. near Clay— $7; 2 large bunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water, to
FOLSOM, S34 — Sunny housekeeping room;
closets; stove; bath; private; $6 month.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 623 — Bay-window suite,
3 rooms; gas range; also 1 room suitable for 2.
GEARY, 1012—4 sunny furnished housekeeping :
rooms, with use of bath and telephone.
HOWARD.' S3S — 2 eunny furnished housekeep- '
"ing rooms. . •. - - ' ¦ ......
HOWARD, 81'—! rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
LANGTON. 2SGV6 — Three sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. . !
LASKIE, 27, bet. Sth and 3th. oft Mission— 3-
room furnished sunny Hat; complete for
, housekeeping: $12.. ...... , - ¦
LIBERTY, ¦ 129 — 3 - to . 5 handsome completely
- furnished housekeeping rooms; use: of. piano,
phone, gas stove; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
, Just a little better
than any other train
— a little better ser-
vice — a more home-
like feeling on the
California
Limited
than you find else-
where, and it runs
like this: -.-
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
0:OOa.m.....,...lMolTuiWelTh|Fri|Sat| Su
- - ARRIVES AT CHICAGO
2:15 p.m |Th |FW|SatiSu|Mo|Tu |We
75 hours to Chicago
It' ¦ ¦ i'i''
Santa Fe*
CALIFORHU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Franciteo to San. Rafael.
TIBUKON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00i 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. J:SO,
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3d
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. - -
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:». 11:00 a. m.; 1:JO. J:M..
5:00, 6:20 p. m. .
San Rafael to San Franclie*.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:4»,
»:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
6UN d DAYS^:?0, »:W. U:10 a. m.; 1:49. *:«.
Between San Francisco and Schuetten Park.
same schedule as above. ,-.-¦-' .. : - »»''¦'- -' '
L«a*e I in Effect I . Arrive
• Pan Francisco. IMov. J. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. I Destination. ! daya. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
*:30 pm S:30 am Petaluma, «:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. <:3»pm «:Z3 pm
Fulton,
7 JO am • Windsor, . 10:13 am
Healdsburg.
— • ¦"¦¦-•; ¦ Lytton," . :-'¦ •
Geyservllle. '
g:80 pro 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:21 pm
7:30 ""I g:OQ am| and°^clah. | 7:C pm| 6:M pm
-7-30 am - . ' • - 1 l»:J5 am
" ¦¦••>• 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30pm ' ' f «:M pa
7-30 am 8:00 am Sonoma' -I 9:13 am 8:40 am
¦ ¦ and ¦ I
B:15 pm B:00 pm -Glen KUen. | 6:05 pm «:g pin
T:30 ami 8:00 ami < -116:40 am|M:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| BebaatopoL | 7:3a pm| «:22 pm
Stases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Pulton
for Altrurla; at Liytton for Lytton Sprlncs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs. Springs; at Clovtrdalt
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs? Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratog-a
Iprlnls. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs.. Upper . Lake, Pomo. . Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. LierlevSj, Bucknell"».
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe. .Orr^s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg; Westport, Usal.
Wllletta, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. £50 Market st.. Chronicle build-
in*. R. X. RYAN,
H. C. WHITING. - - Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manager. . ¦ .
\dhiqagq:\
fnLESS* 1 "''' '
THREE DAYS
San Francisco ' At 10 n. M. .
Chicago, Union. Pacific
£r North-Western Line
* •J~\OU r BLE - Drateing-7{oom < Sleeting
f: J Cars, Buffet, *moking and Library
rrr.. Cars, with Iarbtt. Di-ing Cars—,
meals a [Is cartt. 'Daily Tourist Car
¦ Service and Personally Conducted Ex-.
cursions every toeeh from San Francisco
at 6 p. n. \\ Tht btsi of txervthirig. : :
m Km nirCMiB
617 Market St. r General Agsni Pacific Cbtut
• Mom Bout . : a-ur fsa xvmco. I
SOME OF THE PASSENGERS WHO ARRIVED IN PORT ON THE '
STEAMSHIP CHINA AS THEY APPEARED WHILE" THE SHIP WAS
BEING INSPECTED AT QUARANTINE. ' • .
takes the exercises he -will never catch
ccid. After going' through . the- forty-two
movements '-. directed by Keating, one
takes a cold bath and does not dry one
self. You are so heated that the warmth
of your body acts as a towel: The. object
of the exercises is to increase the circu
lation, of the blood. By rubbing you- in
terfere with it.
"These exercises are not intended for
men who are In a delicate condition or
weak-hearted,- but for young men who
need, training 1 C and want a system they
can use all their lives. I refrained- from
teaching anybody until Mr. Keating him-
Dr. J. C. Stinson has removed hl= office to 533
Sutter street, corner Mason. Phone Black 36SL
Residence California Hot«l. Phone John 1521 •
Scenes From "Julius Caesar."
To-morrow and Thursday evenings the'
Lincoln Club of the San Francisco Settle
ment Association will present, under the
management of J. I. Housman, scenes
from the play "Julius Caesar" in the as
sociation's new quarters at 86 South Park.
Tickets can be had at Elder & Shepard's
book store,. 23S Post street; the Bella Vista
Hotel, and at the box office on the even
ings of the performance.
Ex-Presidents can write for the maga
tlnes and ex-candidates for President can
start newspapers.
Suit Against the Queen Dismissed.
The suit of Furlong and Healey against
the steamer Queen for damages for lost
cargo was dismissed yesterday by U. S.
District Judge de'Haven. • - , . '
A young man named William Cass'dy
started to "mix. It" - with . several soldiers
at Montgomery avenue and Kearny street
last night and was stabbed in the head
and ' neck. He was ' removed j to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found: that
the wounds were of a superficial nature.
The man who used the knife was not ar
rested. . ¦ . •
Stabbed by a Soldier.
When that tired feelinir comes alonsr, side
track it with Jesse Moore "AA"— the best
whiskey in the 'land.
If. V. ;Ramsdell, George James, John A.
Hammersmith and other prominent mem
bers, of the club have taken up the exer
cises, and every Sunday morning hold a
seance in the directors' room at the club.
It. will shortly be a feature In the gym
nasium of the organization.
I am sorry I could not stay to take part
in whatever is. going on." • .
This regret is shared by Privates
Strohl and Harming: of Ihe marine corps,
who also have' been sent home for medical
treatment. . • ¦ .
Dr.* Robley H. . Browne of the British
navy, who accompanied the relief force to
Peking, was .a passenger on the China.
Dr. Browne is en route to England.
Commander A. de FemJo of the German
navy and Vicomte de Guichen of the
.French diplomatic corps were also trav
elers on the China, en route to Europe. •
Hawaiians ' for • Buffalo's Midway.
i Forty Hawaiians were prominent in the
crowd on. the China's decks as she an
chored at quarantine yesterday. The isl
anders" are bound for the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo and are in charge
of W. Maurice Tobin, the "kins of tho
midway." . Tobin has secured some of the
best singers I and dancers in the islands,
and "has a superb collection of Hawaii.tn
curios and treasures lor .exhibition pur
poses. .. He-was: successful in securing
from the ; .Powager. ex-Queen Kapiolani,
the Vroya' "kahilis" or. funeral plumes for
his f collection. 'The Hawaiians will leave
for the^East to-day.
self authorized I the use of his system, by
tho publicationof his book."
Rev. Mr. Allen is en route for a. short
••visit to his home in St. Louis and wili
return to t. he. Orient' in a few. weeks." Ho
has resided in China for . nearly: fifty
: years and speaks many Chinese dialects,
including the mandarin dialect. The rev
erend gentleman is ' a publisher: of "two
'newspapers in Shanghai and is on "very
friendly terms with Li Hung Chang and
the great mandarins of the Celestial .'em
pire. -He wrote a histprv of the Chinese-
Japanese war,, and ,was the only white
.'man who had access to the official: docti-
. ments of- the two nations. -'The-Emperora
of .China and Japan thanked '• Mr. Allen
for the publication. - ¦¦¦- • :..-¦•: :
Another nr>ted figure on the China -was
Rev.' ¦ Y. J. Allen, tho most distinguished
of "American missionaries in tlie; Orient.
A Noted American Missionary.
Russia will be the power to which' Japan
will ;throw- down the gauntlet. 1 shall
only remain here a few days. and then go
to Washington." . ¦ ::
. Captain Chester was succeeded as com
mander of the Kentucky by Captain E.
H.' Stockton. The returning naval officer
is accompanied by his son, C. M. Ches
ter Jr. ' "• . ' .
"When Professor Keating came to this
city three years ago, he presented a let
ter to me from a Chicago friend. His de
velopment was marvelous ' and he at
tributed it to a course of exercises he had
perfected. I aided him in forming, a
class of sixty well known citizens and he
taught the forty- two simple exercises,
wpJcn in a short while began "to work
wenders with all those who undertook to
follow them. Of course many in the class
dropped out when the 'fad' had become a
bor<« to them, but those who did not look
upon it as a fad, but as an ideal way. of
building up a constitution, continued . ex
ercising and have shown < wonderful ¦ de
velopment. : .-:-...
"The system in a nutshell is tense
m.Ufcles with the abdomen filled with air
It is a wonderful system. I have been
using it for the past three years and have
haO good results. It has taught me'how
tovbreatbe properly but has -.• given ¦ me
better circulation. I believe if a man
. For the past two weeks-.the president of
the club has been coaching George Mien
ling, the .wrestling instructor; De Witt Van
Court, boxing teacher; trainer Al Lean,
and Professor. Leandro, and the instruct
ors. Have taken:to the latest wrinkle in
athletics with an enthusiasm that- bodes
much good to their . pupils.
Mr. 'Harrison, who. is more than sixty
years of age. is as agile as a young man
of twenty-five. He ¦ believes his good
health and agility are due to athletics and
principally to the exercises ': inaugurated
by .Keating. In discussing this latest
thing in physical culture yesterday, Mr.
Harrison said: . • .
"William Greer' Harrison, 'president of
the Olympic Club, has undertaken to,in
troduce a new system of physical culture
In that well * known athletic -institution.
He is now engaged In- the pleasing occu-.
potion of initiating the teachers- ¦ "of the
club into- the' mysteries- of the 'Sweating
exorcises," and within a . short time it is
believed the members will be greatly ben
efited-by the system. , : ' \ •
President •. Harrison of the
Olympic Club Inaug-'
urates New System.
PLANS SOME V E RY
NOVEL EXERCISES
"I left New York last October in com
mand of the Kentucky and went- through
the Suez canal to the Orient. I ¦¦ wars
amused when I heard that my ship callea
at Smyrna to collect claims for the United
States against the Sultan of Turkey. We
simply put in there to break our journey
and took the opportunity of. going to Con
stantinople. The Sultan entertained mo
at dinner, and we remained as his guesn
for ten days and were royally treated. I
am delighted to learn that Agulnaldo has
been captured, for that means, the end
of the war in the Philippines. The natives
are quickly learning to respect Ameri-
Entertained by ths Sultan.
"Minister Conger is an old friend •; of
mine," said Captain Chester, "and I was
hoping that we would be , fellow passen
gers. Business, however, detained Mr.
Conger, and he went to Hongkong. ' Be
fore I left him he told . me that he . ex
pected to sail for: home on April 3.. .;
V . t
fe-rj-o HE steamshio China, which ar- -
I rived yesterday afterncon from the
I Orient via Honolulu, did not 'brine:
11 home United States Minister Con
ger as expected. • A large number
of friends of the diplomat, who were
awaiting the arrival of the oteamship at
the Mail dock, were much disappointed on
learning that the distinguished gentleman
was not on board. • -" . -
Captain Colby M. Chester, "U. S. N-,
who took the battleshio Kentucky from
New York to China, via Suez, was. a pas
senger on the China. He comes home on
waiting "orders. Captain Chester "stated
ttiat he had seen Minister Conser. .it
Shanghai previous to the departure of
the China, but that the latter was unaol-3
to return on the China. T : >'< ¦ ¦ ¦-• .. • • 1
Who to blame for the presence of the
obstruction was a poser, until a wise
neighbor- v.hispered that the coalman pat
ronized by Mr. Herold had delivered the
goods, and the neighborly "whisper"
proved the Commissioner's undoing.
To-day Mr. Herold will be confronted by
a servant of the Public Works Board who
will present a warrant for the harbor
man's arrest on the charge of obstruct
ing the streets, and at the home of Fred
MeWtlllams "joy will reign supreme." for
the same "wise neighbor" who informed
on Mr. Herold Is said to be the gentle
man who was celebrating his "woodcil
wedding."
RUDOLPH HEHOI.D IVTAKKS
LARGE SIZED PKESENT
Pacific Avenue Besidents Object and
Now the Commissioner May
Be Arrested.
Just go to the Harbor Commissioners'
office to-day, and if you can get the ear
of Rudolph Herold whisper: "Say noth-
Jng, but eaw wood." Scan closely the
countenance of Mr. Herold and you will
notice a deathly pallor creep over his
features. Step back a foot or so, observe
the effect of your words and then, getting
the other ear, whisper: "I'm from the
Board of Public Works.'' You will be
surprised at the result.
Mr. Herold. out of the goodness of his
heart and friendship for Fred McWUliams.
sent to the residence of that gentleman at
2119 Pacific avenue yesterday four cords
nf wood in honor of the celebration of the
fifth anniversary of Me Williams' mar
riagr. "And thereby hangs a tale."
Out on Pacific avenue the residents dr»
not burn wood, and consequently the "pres
ence of a pile of "four-tier heat produc
ing cak" proved an eyesore. Mr. McWil
liams was consulted, but could give O9
information as to the owner of the un
sightly pile. Telephonic communication
was established between the residence of
si ""Pacific Heishter" and the Board of
Public Works and a demand made that
the obstruction be immediately removed.
A halt was called in the investigation
of the bail bond books of the various
courts yesterday owing to the demands
All interest in the case of Dan J. Sulli
van, former bookkeeper in the office of
Warrant and Bond Clerk Peery. now cen
ters in the action to be taken by the
Grand Jury at its meeting to-night. Sul
livan enjoys the fresh air and repose of
the pky parlor jail in the Hall of Justice,
willingly speaks about what he has done
and sustains by figures the amount of his
alleged for/reiies. but there the matter
ends. He will not admit that any one but
himself profited by the facile pen he
wielded.
A peculiar and perhaps suspicious cir
cumstance develops through the course of
the investigation iuto these affairs. Sulli
van in his statement of Friday night
makes a confession, in which he purports
to set forth all the bogus orders? he re
members to have forged. He credits Judge
Cor.lan's court- with orders amounting to
$1100 out of the $1500 he admits having
forged. The latest one comes from the
same court, and no one. seems able to ex
plain how the money got out of the treas
ury except that Sullivan "did the act."
Is Charged to Sullivan.
Auditor Wells, although very guarded in
his utterances, intimated that the dis
crepancies between the bond and warrant
clerk's office and the County Clerk's Po
lice Court deputies would approximate
some &A0Q. Upon what basis he formu
lated this opinion he declined to state,
saying that an expert examination would
probably prov2 the correctness of his
statements.
The records of the Police Department,
whifh are now the only correct record of
Police Court transactions, were carefully
locked up last night, and the detailed his
tory cf the care could not be obtained. In
the safe in the office of County Clerk
Deane is a receipt showing that the
voucher representing the money paid on
this fine was deposited snd accepted by
the Treasurer, through Reis. on March 3lt.
The bail money ¦was. however, drawn out
previously, so it looks as if the Treasurer
would have to make good the amount.
Another peculiar, transaction between
the treasury and the warrant and bond
clerk's office was made public yesterday,
when C B. Perkins, receiving-, cashier; of
Treasurer Brooks, and Chief Deputy
County Clerk Goddard, engaged in a dis
pute in tho office of Auditor Wells. It
wes all about a- matter of a $23D nne Im
posed in Police Court 2, over which Judge
Cc-nlan presides and of which ', John P.
Kice is clerk. ¦ • ¦
W. Sylva was arrested, tried, convicted
End sentenced to pay a fine of $250. The
latter fact was certified to by Clerk Rice
of Judge Conlan's court and an order
was sent to County Clerk Deane certify
ing to these facts. Tho regular order,, ap
parently signed by Judge Conlan for the
bail money was turned in by Chief Deputy
Goudard. ond its receipt was acknowl
edged by Rcis," who was temporarily
acting in the place of Receiving Teller
Perkins.
'lms transaction occurred on March 30,
the day that Sullivan gathered In • his
Ixjodle and went to Grass Valley. Later
it was discovered that the bail money that
was supposed to have been sufficient to .
have covered the fine had been previously
withdrawn. Neither Perkins nor God
dcrd would assume the responsibility for ,
the less of the money. Then they laid ,
their troubles before Auditor Wells.
"I know nothing about this matter,"
paid the Auditor last night, "except that
both .Perkins and Goddard came to see
me about it during the afternoon. One
accuses the other of the responsibility for j
the loss of the ?22>. Perkins says he will
liave to make it good if Goddard does not.
The ldttcr. fortified by Re!s' receipt {or
the money, says he will not. J have j
nothing officially to do \iith these mat
tery, although the troubles of all depart
ments are laid at my doors. I think when
the expert gets through with the Looks
a whole lot of discrepancies will be
unearthed. I understand that the amount
Involved will rearn a very large sum." !
Deputies of Treasurer and County Clerk En
gage in Dispute as to Responsibility.
upon the time of Expert Williams. It
will be resumed this morning. While
many peculiar transactions are being dis
covered, the end cannot be seen until a
complete comsarison Is made of all tho
book;;.
A host of witnesses, embracing former
Police Judges, attaches of Police Courts
and men conversant with the details of
Police Court practices, has been summon
ed to anoear before the Grand Jury to
night. Each one of these is supposed to
have Intimate knowledge of the way
things are done, but as each one may
have a personal and financial interest in
some transaction, except by inference, but
little may be obtained from their testi
mony.
Money Still Held in Treasury.
The tangle regarding the payment out
of the treasury of the moneys deposited
as ball still continues. Treasurer Brooks
will pay .no court orders. Auditor Wells
will not audit them, and not until City
and County Attorney Lane gives an opin
ion will those who have money in the
•rlty treasury obtain what belongs to them.
Police Judges refuse to sjgn orders for the
release of bail money until the o.uestion
Is settled. One exception in, however,
made to this rule,for the convenience of
the Police Court clerks: When the
amount of the line equals the amount of
the bail deposited, the order is signed and
sent as a voucher to the County Clerk.
These arc ax-cumulating rapidly, and the
County Clerk looks for all kinds of trou
ble at the end of the month if some plan
is not devised to straighten the matter
out. All the vouchers ndw in Clerk
Deane's custody represent money actual
ly in deposit in the city treasury, and it
is only a small matter of bookkeeping to
get the accounts straightened out. But
Treasurer Brooks is obstinate. Orders for
the personal withdrawals of money are
held up in the same manner; so County
Clerk Deane has a mass of sympathizers.
Judge Cabaniss has been endeavoring to
secure the appointment by Mayor Phelan
of a Justice of the Peace to take his place
on the bench when the preliminary ex
amination of Sullivan comes up to-mor
row morning. He has had several confer
ences with Secretarv Fay, apparently be
ing unable to meet the luayor in his of-
Jice. From conversations had with Fay,
Judge Cabajiiss thinks that the Mayor
will act and appoint Justice of tne Peace
Percy V. Long to act instead of himself.
Grand Jurcr E, A. Schmitt, chairman of
the committee on Superior, Justices and
Police courts is elaborating a plan to pro
vide a bookkeeper and cashier to relieve
the warrant and bond clerk in a measure
from the financial complications of his
office. The plan will be embodied as a
part of the report of the Grand Jury. He
will be an additional attache of the office,
under heavy bonds, ai>d will receive all
moneys. ¦
Peery Figures TJ*p His Losses.
Warrant and Bond Clerk Peery is at
present out about $510. Of this amount
$410 is represented in orders cashed by
him. but which the Treasurer now refuses
to accept in lieu of the money. The other
$100 is the money paid to Pistolesl at the
time the hai! In the Tempone case was
reduced. Pistolssi claimed- to be sick
when the discovery was made, and al
though he has been out for several days
has not yet seen fit to help Peery out of
the tangle into which he so obligingly got
himself.
The necessity of the appointment of. a
cashier, although it might be a technical
violation of the charter, is evidenced by
the fact that since its inauguration some
fifteen months ago the v.arrant and bond
clerks office has handled more than $420,
000 in bail moneys. •
A strong profest against the transfer
of Ambrose Watson .roni Judge Hunt's
department of the Superior Court to Judge
Fritz's department of the Police Court
to succeed Clerk J. J. Groom has been
made to County ClerK Deane by every '
one who has had dealings with Watson
in his present position. Now Clerk Deane
is casting about for a suitable and reliable
clerk to take Groom's place. He will
reach a decision in a day or two, and in
the meantime Groom is acting in his old
capacity.
, SANTA MONICANS FIXE
TWO MORE PROTESTS
Do Not Want Railroad Track to
Englewood Abandoned. by
. . Santa Fe.
Two protests were filed yesterday with
the. Railroad Commissioners by Seward
Cole, secretary of the Cahuenga Valley
Tvtmon Colony, and W. S. Vawter of Santa
Monica against the abandonment of the
railroad track that at present is being op
erated by the Santa Fe Railway between
Santa Monica and Englewood.
Both protests claim that should the
Railroad Commissioners sanction the pe
tition of the Santa Fe to stop operating
the road and abandon the track, fruit
prowers would be put to much inconveni
ence and financial loss. The matter has
been under the consideration of the Rail
road Commissioners for several weeks and
will be acted upon b,y them at their next
regular meeting. • -•
NEW ENTANGLEMENTS DUE
TO SULLIVAN'S METHODS
"Regarding the situation In China, it is
hard to- tell- what • will be the outcome.
The game of diplomacy is a game of bluff,
and reports of conflict should be taken
guardedly. :\It is generally recognized,
however, that- Japan has for years beim
preparing for.vwar, but who she will go
to war with is" never stated. It might bo
any country; : though tho inference is that
cans, and to'realizo the benefits following
American government.
A "modest traveler on , the China wa3
Private F. D. Moody of the United States
Marine Corps, who served through, the
siege of the American legation In Peking
and was twice wounded. Moody Is suffer
ing from a Manlicher bullet in the left
leg and one in the right knee, and' was
sent home for treatment at Mare Island.
He tells the familiar story of the horrors
of the siege, but laughingly adds: ."Well,
we gave the Boxers ill they wanted, and
Many Friends of the Diplomat Who Expected Him
Home on the. China* Are Disappointed/
MINISTER CONGER DELAYED
IN THE ORIENT ON BUSINESS
HOMER LEE, THE STUDENT,
NOW A CHINESE GENERAL
Returns From Orient on Important Diplo
matic Mission for Adopted Government.
change the taxation system that has been
in vogua for the last 2000 years. •;>£
"I knew that the 'Boxer' movement waa
coming and from advices decided to K«
to China at once. I paid my own ex
penses and on arriving there was l*ac«d
In charge in the southern part of China,
with the rank of a general In the lm-
" sake of peace and for th«
pood of all the Emperor should at once
be placed upon the throne. With him
ruling the Chinese people will have peace
prosperity and modern government. W Un
the Emnress in power there will be un
erdimr war and strife. The Russians
nre supporting her. as they know that
with he? on the throne the country will
be so badly mismanaged that European
nowers will have to step in. and in that
£5 the Muscovites will some day secure
the blgsrest slice in the cut up of the
C1 ?T?!^fer I ee will leave for Washington
in H a°?ew & §«
ride of the trouble to the Lnlted States
Government.
Homer Lee, a former Stanford student,
who went to China a little more than a
year ago, and who is now a general in the
Imperial Array of the Emperor of China,
is at present a guest at the Palace.
Lee has recently returned from China
and is on his way to Washington and
London to attempt to Induce the "Amer
ican and English governments to inter
vene and again place the Emperor of
China on the throne. He says the Dow
ager Empress is the cause of all the
trouble in China and that she is receiv
ing the moral support of the Russian
Government. Lee carries with him a
number of ghastly photographs, illus
trating the barbaric manner in which the
Chinese are executed at present by the
Empress, which not only includes the be
heading of victims, but also the mutila
tion of the bodies by cutting off the arms
and legs. Lee claims that one of the in
novations of the Emperor before he was
dethroned and • imprisoned was the pro
hibiting of any more of those acts of bar
barity. ,.
"You must understand that China is
divided into two sections," he said. "The
Yangtse River forms the division. All
that lies north of this river is governed
by the Dowager Empress and all south of
it by the Emperor, or at least, by his fol
lowing. The 'Boxer' movement was sim
ply an uprising instigated by the Queen,
who was coaxed into it by the Russians,
who' think 'by war and strife they will
eventually secure control of China.
"Prime Minister Kanyerwa told me
himself that the trouble first arose in
1S98. when the Empress accomplished her
Kreat coup. The Emperor at that time
was simply trying to modernize China
and following in the footsteps of Japan.
He tried'to reform the criminal code and
Jollv Grocers Entertain.
A jolly party of retail grocers took part
In the high jinks of the Retail Grocers
Association held at B'nal B'rlth Hall last
ni«cht This entertainment was given to
altract a large attention to the meeting
to complete arrangements for ff«>c"3
dav." which is to be celebrated this year
on' Wednesday. May 8/ at Schuetzen Park.
Committees reported even mow prizes at
hand than ever before, and the number^
tickets sold was unusually large. It was
decided to have a chief gate prize or **»
In coin, and the games committee aakert
more time to prepare ,novel features.
After the business meeting came a Ions
and interesting programme and an infor
mal lunch of sandwiches with beer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1901.
12
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel In. the State.
Just the place, to enjoy your vacation. Vartou*
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Tabl»
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $8 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery at..
or address O. "W. R. TREDWAT, Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal.
CLEJVBROOX.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
A MID THE MOUNTAIN S OF ME3IDO-
clno. Vlsjt thla quiet- lltUe resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to 3.
ETRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
DR. HALL'S fitlNVlGOfiATORSraTO
Five hundred re-ward for any »K^^^fi33
case we cannot cure. This secret |C>3 K*fi
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, g • aj
cares Emissions, Impotency, Vari- fc58 BS3
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. R*H Wri
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UMj Hill]
wasting effects of self abase or 9 dRs
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 EZ£&cS3&y>l
bottles, J3; guaranteed to cure any caa«. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. So5
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
Market «t-. S. F. All private diaeasea Quickly
4 t£4Bg|3«* a^&4<H reinedj for Gonorrhoea
£]?«*• SpermatPi-rha-a
X&ferin 1 to5d»j».V3 Whitet, unnatural di.il
ffW*Sr Ounatml charge , or any inSainmv.
K«j sot to ttrletare. tloa, i ritation or olcers-
J^-j?reTSBU eonupoa. tion ,1 m noons mem-
gT»lTK;EyAM3Cn£mc>iCo. branes. XonXstringent.
»iigg^ClNSlMXAK.0.Baga SoW by r»m~ E iali;.
D.3.A. 3^r? r 8ent in pUin -"rapr^T.
/o^fek- -^9&tm "7 espress, prepaid. Cor
B C. nilar sent oa request.
REmOVED.
PATRICK <& CO..
. RUBBER . STAMPS. ETC..
TO 221 SflI\SOME ST..
Between Pine and California its.
BOYCOTTS
V" I wfsh to announce to. the public that i am boy-
cotted for not closing my store at 6 p. m., and wish to
say that I am in sympathy with the.Gerks' efforts for
shorter hours, but think they can accomplish that with-
out closing my Store.
My clerk is off at 6 p. m., but I cannot make* my
expenses by closing at that hour.
In justice to myself and customers I am com-
pelled to remain open until 8 p. m., but do not ask any
one to work for me. I conduct a small Men's Furnish-
ing Goods Store at 1204 Market street, where the new-
est and best apparel for men can be found at reason-
able prices, and hereby appeal to the liberal-minded
public for their moral support and patronage in this
struggle. I sell good honest goods for ! good honest
prices, and try to be honest and reasonable myself.
Hoping you' will be impressed with this statement
of facts, and that I may have a 'share of your patron-
age, I am sincerely yours,
JOHN T. GIBSON,
1204 Market Street.
Near Golden Gate Avenue. .
SKAGfiS GOT SPBINGS gfffiJVfSS
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
-waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hath In State; swimming and boating:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first-class hotel and stag*
service: morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $i> 50. Take Tlb-
uron ferry at 7:39 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms.
J2 a day or $12 a week. References — Any guest
of the past »lx years.- For further lnforma-
tnln address J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
ONLT THREE HOURS' STAGIXG to th»
prettiest, healthiest, moat restful slac» In all
California. Resident physician. Every comfort
and amusement. Rates— $10, $12, $14. $15 and $tS
per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 316 Mont-
gomery St.. and see photographs of hotel and
surroundings. "We take pleasure Jn writing full
particulars. Address CRAIG & "WARNER
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE V IX LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boatins.
bathing, bowlln*. tennis, livery, new walks
r.nd boats. "Write for circular. EDGAR DTJR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co. Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed .hands. Will hereafter bo open th*
year round. ' Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The -culinary department will
receive specail attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL M-UNT VIEW, Robs
Valley, Marln Co. Cal.
•* !^^ ¦
i Vroom, i
f X i P^N MarkcL
A FULL SET OF TEETH
| $i00 1
i^jpl^EVjSB'y Woman
¦ i8illSf»lli+&'yi ls iataestedand should know ,
ISiiy^MARVEL Whirling Sprcy
xi?S*?£K3it**2fNw /10 " and ?"& m l-~ Uest-Saf.
>^^^^^^^S^^j__^est— Most Convenient.
k%\ jtmr drnrjlif for It \KB§kJhL ¦«- "*
If he rannot supply tho \rlaftgjyfiteBfflB|>< < '*"*
MA RVEI* accept no
other, bnt send stamp for illns- * tojtomjV-^
tratedbook —^.led. It gives f nil j5J8a^?§-»2fc?i''
jiartlcnlani and directions lnvalu CvzwS, {ff££$if
rMfl to la/iir*. MAUVE I. CO.,
593 Mission st.. San Francisco. - . f
BIDS
ARE INVITED FOR BORING FOR OIL.
on the "Gibson Gusher" property, Colusa
County. For further particulars apply to . ¦
GIBSON OIL CO.,
ROOM 25. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
SAN FRANCISCp, CAL,.
DR.MGNULTY:
THIS ¦V7ELL-KI7OWN AND BKHABLE OLD
Specialist curuBlood Poison, GonorrbO3a,Gleet,
Stricter*. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
'allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, (re*.
Ov «^ 20 . Tear £ ex P e £; e " ce - Tern M rea *'> na b | e- Hoars,
9to3daHy;6:30to3.30ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 13. Consul-
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
¦ P. RO8COE JIcNULTT. M. D.
»© J£ Kearny St.. San Francisca, Csl-
; ¦ >
fe rggATENTS^- 1)
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lista Mallaa
on Application. *
'. . COAL, COKE A>D PIQ IRON.
JC- WILSON & CO- n?°? Street.
* Y ." ltJ> f"r tt vv '* Telephone Main 1S84.
COPPERSMITH.
CW. SMITH. ihi p S™?" 1 " 1^ Steamboat and
v- it* wiuiiii) ship Work a specialty. It and
18 Washington gt. Telephone MaYa 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS. ROYFS & Cft Butchers. 10*
OILS. / "
LUBRICATING OILS. ' LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
¦:¦>'•:-¦ PRINTINO. • ?' . V
E. C HIIfiHFS •' PRINTER., .%
C- Kr UUUUC3, 611 sangome , t .. a F .
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First Street. San Francisco.
; , STATIONER AND PRINTER:
136 California PARTRinfiP Telegraphlo
Street. lAKllililUli Code*.
fiHi •'•¦¦¦ 13 f ¥^ fr~^ /^ * '¦. .¦*-*¦¦ Wim
¦mm .- - ~"*^^ ¦ . *ul9@S
1111 Chainless. ...... $60 Spacer., . . . $50 f||i
Wjmi Xifht Roadster. $40 Roadster. . $35 ||fl
[JSj , J% K/O7T1 plots w^rf'fT&i ¦ RrlfSl
p i I ! |p If these facts are- read, I
g ; [ f i j I r then by necessity you will B
| j £ be compelled to buy at our I
' S I store. Twenty-three years E
Lj ! | { jj of uninterrupted success B
\j E: 1 ! I enables us to give you un-i
H 1 | | questionably the' best pos-.B
t| i sible quality for the money; a
£ I the greatest, variety to pick B
g [ { from, and the l most - stylish, .for' fl
& I j II . we do not hold our shoes over I
w j If seasons. Don't forget our NEW- B
ffl 1 1 B DEPARTMENT of $3.50 shoes ¦ .
li ' I \\m for men and women. If you don't S
9: I IF live in San Francisco, then write JS
• E t f to us; we can serve you just as B3
S ' 7 well as though ¦ you were * a 9