ST. JOSEPH. Mo.." June. 6.— Captain H.
S. Townsend died last night at East Mary
vllle, Mo.*, aged 88 years. He was an In
tlnraU friend of Lincoln and Grant.
• . • . ¦».-.»¦ • . . . ¦ ¦
Of the passengers, "Miss Mary Doughty
of Nagodoches, Tex., was the most seri
ously injured, her arm and hand being
badly crushed. " . :
The trains met on -a sharp curve near
Florence, sixteen miles north of this city,
and but for the prompt action of Engineer
Jones, of the north bound train. In revers
ing his engine, the wreck would have been
more complete, . The- south bound train
was late and was running at a high. rate
of speed 'to make up time.
¦ " • . ">\
Death of Captain H. S. Townsend.
and breast; Ed Montgomery, flagman, and
Engineer. Skillman, slight bruises about
bead and shoulders.
Hcllingsworth (cole-red) fireman,' hip dis
located and Internal Injuries; James Will
iam (colored), fireman, bruised; . W. H.
white, conductor, injuries to shoulder
The injured: Carey Jones, engineer of
train No. 24. shoulder dislocated and in
ternal Injuries, may die; E. S. Larrcta.
flagman, head crushed, may die; -W. 'J.
Harvey, mail clerk, ribs crushed; Ed
VICKSBURG, :Jiss., June 6.— Nine per
sons were injured, three seriously,- In a
head-end collision between two Mississippi
VaJIey passenger trains at 8 o'clock this
morning north of Vicksburg.
and Nino Persons Are
Injured.
Two Trains Meet on a Sharp Curve
BERLIN. June 6.— A sensational case
began to-day In the First .District Court
of Berlin. The plaintiff. Anna 'Millewski,
¦w-as formerly lady-in-waiting upon the de
ceased Princess Amelia of Schleswig-
Holsteln and the defendant Is the brother
of Empress Augusta Victoria. Duke
Ernest Guenther. The plaintiff claims that
PrinctES Amelia received only 12,000 marks
annually from the defendant, who is the
head of the house. She also asserts that
as she had a fortune of her own, amount
ing to 80,000 marks, she made loans to the
Princess, who, being in the last stages of
consumption, was at the time proceeding >
SERIOUS COLLISION IN
THE MISSISSIPPI VAIXEY
GreaUyVDisturbed'by Report of tha
Contemplated* Consolidation of v
American Factories. '
LONDON. June:7.-»There
able alarm in ; Switzerland," B ay a the
Geneva . correspondent . of the Dally Ex
press, "over a report that J. * p. Morgah
contemplates -the} formation of a watch
combination to kill off the Importation • of
Swiss watches and materials. It is Ba id
that \ the combination g will; include . the
Philadelphia; Watch-Case . Company t of
Riverside, N.J., and the Standard Watch
Company, of ; Lafayette; N. J. , as tweir as
other concerns. The , Swiss . manufactur
ers , intend to fight the contemplated
SWISS WATCH-MAKERS
FEABFITL OF COMPETITION
The defendant's counsel; Count Bradow
challenged the accuracy of a number of
the plaintiff's statements, and the court
decided that before the proceedings were
carried further Prince Joachim's adjutant
who Is still in Cairo, must depose. ; ' '
Meanwhile, according to the plaintiff's
declaration. Walker forcibly took plain
tiff's 20,000 francs from her trunk and
with it settled the unpaid bills of the
Princess, then departed and defrayed the
cost of transporting the body home The
plaintiff asks the 20,000 francs be refunded
with Interest. •'
and Inhumanly transported back to Prus
sia, where she became very ill.
slowly to Egypt. While the Princess was
in Malta, according to the plaintiff's state
ment, she engaged as her chamberlain an
American named Walker, who, perhaps
unaware of the financial resources of the
Princess, induced her to incur large ex
penses. Finally the plaintiff, who feared
the loss' of "her entire fortune, made the
Princess, with whom she had now arrived
In Cairo, restore to her the sum of 20,000
francs. ¦ ¦
The plaintiff now declares that at the
instigation of Duke Ernest Guenther, the
adjutant of Prince Jocachim of Prussia
caused the Egyptian police to arrest her
In the street, after which she was forcibly
Having Disposed of All Her Fortune ¦ ttf Her Royal Charge, Anna Millewski Alleges
That She Was Arrested in Egypt and Inhumanly Transported Back to Prussia. \
. Trees ; Axe Uprooted by\ the
:; :, : -Gale.- ¦
SALT' LAKE , June 6.— A miniature tor
nado struck ¦¦ Saltl Lake this evening, ..un
robflhg* a number, of buildings at the face
track.' 'uprooting ; shade'; trees'^luid ; doing
considerable iother c damage.', ';:, The: storm
came from ¦' the ¦' northwest, : and for a few*
mlnuies.the*'. wind 'blew at the'rate of sev
erity, miies an!hour,*;the highest : {ever 're
corded ', here. : ; 'A 'strip* about a \ mile ; wide
was affected," the" wind hardly being i felt
on either' side^ of the district' affecte'd.V%
Boof s Are; Blown Off Houses and
TORNADO ; STIBS THINGS
IN SALT "LAKE CITY
tor-general of the Hamburg- American
Line, who lunched with the Kaiser, said,
in an Interview published by the Lokal
Anzelger," that his company would short
ly open the' first regular line of fast mail
steamers .between San Francisco and
Shanghai. He had assured the success of
the scheme j by purchasing § large quanti
ties of ground . at for [ the con
struction of .wharves, etc., and by con
tracts with trans-American railways.
Herr Ballin fully reported all . this^ to
the Kaiser. He also spoke of J. -Plerpont
Morgan's new undertaking. The direc
tor-general* of the Hamburg- American
Line hopes to 'work on friendly;; terms
with Morgan. He denied the English re
port that Morgan was , In] the treaty for
the. purchase ol.the Hamburg-American
Line. ¦,'-'*: ¦¦¦¦;¦' '¦ • ' ¦.¦"'¦ ¦'; ' ¦' S (¦ v
Director-General of the Hamburg-
American. Line Tells Kaiser ;¦_•.
of a Scheme;
BERLIN," June 6.— Herr Ballin, direc-
FAST MAIL STEAMEBS
FROM HEBE TO SHANGHAI
LADY-IN-WAITING BEGINS MOST SENSATIONAL SUIT
FOR MONEY LOANED TO THE DYING PRINCESS AMELIA
SENATOR M. A. HANNA, WHO .
HAS BEEN HONORED BY G.
A. R. COMRADES.
:hat It was always a source of regret to
iim that he could not have served long
The One Hundred and Fiftieth Regiment was
organized at Cleveland May 5, 1S64, to serve 100
days. After being eworn into service it was
immediately placed on cars for Washington
City. On its arrival the regiment was ordsred
to srarrlsoi ' t'orta Lincoln. Saratoga, Thayer,
Bunker Hill, Slocum, Totten and Stevens,
forming part of the chain of fortifications sur
rounding- the national capital. The regiment
remained in these forts during t'.e .whole term
of service and participated in the fight before
Washington, with a part of Early's rebel
corps, July 10 and 11. 1S64. Companies G and K
were engaged, but belnsr behind breastworks
did not suffer much. One man was killed and
three or four wounded. The regiment was sent
home and mustered out at Cleveland August 23,
ISM, havins served 111 days. ¦ ¦
The record which Hanna's regiment
made is given in the official history as
follows:
enough in the war to entitle him to wear
the bronze badge of the G. A. R., which
he considered the highest medal of honor.
Rassieur questioned . the Senator and
learned that Hanna had enlisted in the
One Hundred and Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer
Infantry, which was mustered in for 100
<3aye in 1S64 to guard Washington. This
ptrlod of service was sufficient to make
him eligible for membership and Rassieur
easily persuaded Hanna to join the order.
To Leo Rassieur. Commander-in-chief of
the Grand Army of the Republic, belongs
the honor of being the first to discover
Comrade Hanna. They were talking one
day in Washington of the Grand Army en
campment, which is to be held in Cleve
lanc" next. September, when the Senator in
a burst of confidence told Rassieur that
he was a soldier fcr a short while and
That Hanna's enlistment remained a se
cret for thirty-six years, his veteran
friends say, Is a high tr*bute to the Sen
ator's modesty. Hanna's explanation is
that he didn't think his services in the war
•were important enougti to entitle him to
wear a Grand Array badge or to make
much fuss about it.
It was not generally known until recent
ly that Marcus A. Hanna was a veteran of
the Civil War. The record, however, shows
that he enlisted at the age of 26 and was a
second lieutenant.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 6.—Sen
ator M. A. Hanna has been ap
pointed a colonel on the official
staff of General Rassieur, com
mander-in-chlef of the Grand
Army of the Republic. Senator Hanna
was recently mustered into the Grand
Army of the Republic as a member of
Memorial Post in this city.
Austin Chamberlain explained that It
was imperative that the cable -should; be
laid and finding China had already pledg
ed herself to give no landing right to any
companies except Russo-Danish and the
Eastern Extension, the Government had
been compelled to make the best terms It
could. > .
LONDON, I June 6.'— In the House ' of
Commons to-day,. on a motion to approve
the \ agreement of the Government with
the Eastern - Extension Telegraph Com
pany fcr laying . a cable from Chefu
to Wei-Hal- Wei. Sir Charles Dilke asked
whether the agreement would not pledge
the government to resist any attempt by
the United States to establish direct-com
munication with China. 'He contended
that it was Mo Great Britain's' interest
that the United States and China should
by connected by. cable. *
For" a Cable 'in China.
"X have now resigned the functions of
commander In chief, and am to-day leav
ings China by way of Tokio. Strict meas
ures have been taken here to avoid colli
sions between the different contingents.
In company with largo German .detach
ments I attended the funeral of the
French soldiers killed in the recent af
fray."
BERLIN, «June 6.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch . from
Count, von Waldersee, dated Tientsin,
Tuesday, June 4:,
. Trouble betv/een British and French sol
diers at Tientsin continues. ¦-'Brigadier
General Lome-Campbell, in command of
the British troops, and the French com
mander will use their utmost endeavors
to prevent further friction.
Trouble at Tientsin Continues^
PEKING, June 6.— The Ministers have
ceas'ed to hold meetings while making In
quiries as to the desires of their respective
Governments. The majority, of the Minis
ters hold that' Germany should have toid
" the Chinese that all the t powers would
agree .to an Indemnity,- of 450,000,000 taela
at 4 per cent) interest. They also r think
that the withdrawal of Count vori:Wald
ersee and the German troops shows a de
sire to force'ithe powers '¦ to an;;acqulei
cenxre. to Goritiany'a demands;: which > they.
are not . inclined .to do. l.*t*L^j. ¦/{&. s^j • '¦'¦ V .
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 6.-In view of
the unwillingness of the powers to reduce
their claims 50 per cent, as recently, urged
by. the United .States, this Government
will insist that its entire claim of $25,000,
000 be paid. .Special Commissioner Rock
hill cabled Secreary Hay to-day that a re
port was' current in Peking that this Gov-.
ernment would reduce its claim. ; The
Secretary cabled In reply, that' this was
an error— that the United States 1 would
insist now upon a full settlement. All the
foreign Embassadors -' In Washlngrton
called upon # Secretary Hay to-day, and
discussed 'the indemnity question '.with
him. They, hope that the United ; States
will see its way clear to^accept thej^Euro
pean suggestion of a loan Instead of
bonds, but "this Government, still prefers,
the later. ? . ' • \ - - : ,
: Place Blame on Germany.
Social Dispatch "to The^ Call.
Trouble Between British and French
Soldiers Continues to "Worry
the. Of fleers at Tien
. • • . tsin.
Commissioner Rockhill, Told
That the ; $25^00,000 :
Has Not Been Out. -
Entire;- Amount
Demanded^
China; ' Must Pay the
UNCLE SAM
INSISTS ON
FULL CLAIM
Officer Who Is to Succeed General -MacArthur Will Collaborate
dent Taft of the Commission in Devising- Proper Means for a Com
plete Division of Civil and Military Affairs in the Oriental Archipelago
SENATOR MARCUS AURELIUS HANNA IS HONORED
BY FORMER COMRADES WITH APPOINTMENT
AS COLONEL ON GENERAL RASSIEUR'S STAFF
For Nearly Thirty-Six Years the Ohio Statesman Remains Silent Con
cerning His War Record, but Is Finally Induced by the Commander
in-Chief to Become Member of Memorial Post, Grand Army of Republic
CHAFFEE IN FAVOR OF THE ESTABLISHMENT
OF CIVIL CONTROL IN THE PHILIPPINES
AT THE EARLIEST PRACTICABLE MOMENT
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, \JUNE 7j; 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 7.
~, _ . ; —^ ; — . •
'.'Sables Ends a Prospector's Life. -
SEATTLE,*- June. RV-A^on -Ewing, a
prospector v from Leetbn, Mo., . dlod on
Hunker Creek in '.the Klondike • in May
from what ' was .' supposed to be . rabies.
The I "patient '.[ had /all .the ¦ symptoms ot V.
rabies .death^and. the camp .was .'.
greatly falarmed.. The patient was bitten
six. •vveeks": before .the disease developed. ..
He . died ' In great acony. ..,__ > ¦' . .'. ,/^T
«_ This was greeted with' more cheers; and
the uproar became so great that some one
Jokingly telephoned^ to the" police "station
that' a j riot was ' irf< progress '. in ; Mart-
time. Exchange.'. jTheT police i'escorted'i the
admiral, who ' was laughing -by -this \ time,
said he would be pleased to shake hands
with' everybody it h'e' would. be allowed : to
go.'; This caused more cheering and i when"
It subsided some one shouted: -VWhat's
thejmatter with Sampson ?'.'V -. '• ? • ? '
' The admiral replied : /.. "Nothing ; he Is ' a
gallant arid . a- good - man.".. ,-...
to safety, only after he had shaken hands
all around.' \ v " .
V NEW;. YORK, /June 6.— Admiral Schley
to-day^ '. went - to '. the i Maritime '] Exchange
'to visit' Lieutenant Commander 'James A:
Sears/ who was* his , flag lieutenant : at'the
battle "of -Santiago'' and who recently'-. was
sent c to '.the ; hydrographic : bureau ''• of : the
exchange." •"'¦"";:".' ,.-.-'¦. ¦;• >' •.*• ' .'.. '"''-'¦ "V-.v^
The rear-admiral "iwas ' recognized iajid
was asked tq meet the members, u He con-'
sented r 'and ' as '' soon as . he appeared ¦; the
brokers ) surrounded : hlm,*\ cheered "them-^
selves, hoarse' and .asked "for/ a' speech.* ,•;-.;
1 r Admiral ; Schley : declined to ; speak, but
Statement -Made by the Jiero of the' Battle of Santiago in Praise
Who i Commanded the Victoribiis -fFieet : lis - Greeted 'With: Cheers. '
SGHLEY RECEIVES OVATION AT MARITIME EXCHANGE
AND DECLARES SAMPSON A GALLANT OFFICER AND GOOD MAN
, cer, is the latest victim of the commissary
I frauds in Manila. - Rear Admiral Rodgere
has cabled the Navy" Department that the
court martial convened to try this officer
has found him guilty, and sentenced him
to dismissal. "A newspaper report cabled
to this country Is responsible for • Lieuten
ant Townley's downfall. ¦ That -report
stated .that the lieu tenant had testified 'as
to his connection with ; the 1 commissary
. frauds. /Acourt of : Inquiry ; asserted . that
Lieutenant Townley, as Intermediary, had
I attempted to* extort money' ; on two occa
sions from .' the firm of _Castle Brothers,"
Wolf &. Sons,". in Manila. -The^.officer did
not seek money for his" own pocket but to
be used- in part .to; clear up accounts of
the" arjny commissary.'
.. Lieutenant' Townley . was ' placed : on . the j
retired * list } in*' 1SS7, and was assigned to
active duty- last year upon his own re
quest. He was sent to Manila,. where , he
was "placed 'in- charge of • the • national
school. By, a special act of Congress the
President was authorized to appoint him;
: after examination.' to . the ' grade of lieu-,
tenant, junior* grade.' '.
New. Civil - Government.
'„¦ .The new. civil government tirbe estab-
lis-hed ,: in • the Philippines Is re
ceiving the.- '. consideration of the
President and the Secretary of War.
It will . differ very little from what
was v first outlined, as there will bo
a Governor "for the . arclilpelago, and* a
Legislative Council and other officers. This
government' will have control of all "civil
affairs,; but, it will bo under the War De
partment to the extent of being directed
by the : Secretary of Wax. * There will b«
a nice, distinction as to ; the oC
the general commanding, the troops In the
Philippines ; and the Governor 'to be ap
pointed under .the ¦ civil ; government. . No
official declaration has .been* made, aa to
which will be the supreme'* authority, but
it Is* known that the Secretary of War
will " be", supreme. While it ; la not tho ln
tentlon to conduct the government of ths
Philippines ,under the Foraker law, that
law will be' taken as sanctioning what In
to be ! done. The new government will bis
similar to that which! existed for a short
time in the early days of New Mexico.
There -was a civil Governor appointed by
the President and a commanding general
of thearmy.' Both had, their functions In
: preserving the peace and controlling . tha
affairs of the Territory.'
PRESIDENT OF THE PHILIPPINES COMMISSION AND THE- AMERI
CAN MILITARY . COMMANDERS WITH WHOM HE WILL SOON CON
. FER CONCERNING FUTURE GOVERNMENT OF THE ISLANDS. .
Klchard H.*\ Townley, a* retired "naval 6m-
. x^^ry ANILA, June 6.— General Chaffee
' /•^ll and his staff, who arrived yester-
I 11 day from China, were conveyed
** to the Malacanan Palace,
, where a private conference , be
tween Generals Chaffee and MacArthiir
took place. Chaffee informed a
correspondent that while he was not sure
of. the Oriental's general capacity for, self
government* he favored the establishment
of civil control in the Philippines at the
earliest practicable • moment.- He was, in
full sympathy, with the commission's plan
for native education "and .business ad-,
vancement, because the United States In
terests and native interests lie in the same
line. ., It seems' certain ,that under a plain
division of the civil arid military authority
Judge Taft and; General Chaffee wili'col
laborate admirably. , .. ;.
. Captain Alsalogo and his aid; have been
killed by.Wray's command at Dousel, Al
bay province. : Reilly'sibattery, has sailed
for the United States '. on board the trans
port, Pakllris.) _^ ; . . '• ...
, Commissioners at Cavite.
• Commissioners Taft, .Wright and Ide are
at : Cavi te to-day 'and ; establishing a pro
vincial government: --They- were formally
welcomed by f Colonel r J. VW. ? Goodrell '- and
the local dignitaries J In the j \ town j hall:
Judge} Taft : spoke,; outlining the commis
sion' s 1 , provincial plans. : : .' ,> -;.'.: ¦¦ : •
; The f rngmentary. news received here of
the - Porto Rico decisions- has caused \ ap
prehension' that there ? will; be" such a de- ;
ficit in the Philippine revenues that Con
gress will need to make an' appropriation
to meet it. Fears are - also expressed as
to the result"' of jj the application * of Jury
trials and other \ features of [ the constitu
tion , not suited to, the conditions of jj the
Philippines. ¦(¦¦ Importers . are ; preparing
claims for a refunding of the duties paid. '
a Victim* of Frauds! > j
¦WASHINGTON, June : .\ 6.— Lieutenant
/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.HIGH COMMISSIONER IN "SOUTH AFRICA, WHO IS BLAMED BY CEK
, TAIN. MEMBERS. OF THE LONDON COUNCIL FOR ALL THE BIT
•TER STRIFE AND PROLONGED WARFARE WITH THE BOERS.
Burned in Her Home."
WICHITA, ' Kan.; June 6.— -Miss Barbara
Spinden, while • kindling I a: fire .with : gaso
line at her. home in .Wellington; Kan., was
burned * to • death this* afternoon. "r The
house .was destroyed. Her ' body . was not
recovered.";: ¦V;-: ¦'¦..¦ .•:*. :<¦$'¦:• •.,-,..::- -. ¦
Prominent r Southern Woman" Dead.
. LOS "ANGELES, June 6.— Mrs. 'Annie L.
Lankershlm, widow of the late Isaac L>ah
kershim, \ died | to-day at : th« . residence of
her oon-in-law,' L. N.Van Nuys.? Old age
and complications rendered her condition
such that her death has been momentarily
expected : for ' several days'. 1 She was ' M
years old. A daughters Mrs: LoN. 1 -Van
Nuys, and a ; son, James ; B. Lankershim '
survive her. ~ ¦•-..; .-¦:-'¦-:- . : -.,,./
i *¦'•'. Alabama's Qovernor^yery^ 111.,
-TUSCALOOSA^ ; 'Ala:. 'June* 6^-Physi
clans'- pronounce • Governor ' Samf ord - ex
.tremely ill. l Hhr family, uas - been tele
graphedtor. V, -;v::;-v - •:_" ; / *-
Batteries— Dowling and . Teoger; '• Dunn - and
Brennan. ' ". VL , '
/Clubs—.,., •¦'¦•*; •¦' • - : -- . K. - H. -. E.
Cleveland;........".....'.... 4 12:*i.~l
Baltimore ;:....^.....v.. ......... ...:|2 11. 0
: AMERICAN ASSOCIATION. ¦; : t. ;
CLEVELAND, - June • «.— Dowlingr , pitched for
Cleveland to-day and redeemed himself forthe
losfll "of ' his . first game ». here. .Attendance, 600."
Score:; ; . ¦'.,.;¦.; . - .-... , . ¦ -¦- - ¦
Batteries— Waddell and 'JCahoe; Donohue, and
McFarland.,- Umpire— O* Day.
v'PITTSBURG, June '6.— Brooklyn's; brilliant
work-in the field with Keeler at. : third as the
star defeated the home team." - Attendance, 2500.
Score: ,": .
'. Clubs-^ ;;/;>;.,! ; ; '¦-, . R. : H. E.
PKtsburg *. .•..'....... 1 ' v« ' - 2
Brooklyn .......,.;...•..........:..... 4 .8 1
\* Batteries— Phillppi and O'Connor; Hughes
and McGuire. f Umpire— Emslie. 1 : . , .
CHICAGO TEAM PUTS
; ' * UP SOME POOR BALL
Wretched Fielding ' and Many Errors
Give the Game to Phila
delphia. 'J
':¦ NATIONAL, : LKAGUE^
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— Sudhoff was rather, easy
for . Boston in the first, ¦ and three ' runs came
before ~he r settled down. ' That " was ... the '. end
of Boston's scoring, but St. Louis caught and
passed them in the ' seventh. ' Attendance, 1800.
Score: ¦ ... . : <t . :
Cluba— ,. ¦ It. H. E.
St.vLouis- ........;. 4. 9. 8
Boston 3 6 0
Batteries— Sudhoff and- Ryan; Plttlnger. and
Kittredge. Umpire— Dwyer.- " . ' .,.
CHICAGO, June 6— The fielding: of the locals
to-day was disgracefully 'poor and their errors
of ' the ; rankest kind were followed '¦ by ; fierce
batting. Attendance, 600. Score: -
Clubs— . ,;¦¦ •¦'¦• 'R.. - ij. * e.
Chtcago'r. '.......:........ .'..". .7.'." 4 12 - 8
Philadelphia 14 18 0
shot himself through the temple. . The
tragedy occurred just after midnight. His
charred body was recovered to-day. -It Is
supposed that : he became . Insane from
reading dime novels. "
» '. • . - • , ....
Receive Executive Clemency.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The President
to-day acted upon . fourteen-: applications
for pardons. He commuted four sentences
and granted five pardons. Among those
pardoned was Richard Toulmaln, who was
convicted by the United States Consular
Court at Shanghai. In 1898, of the murder
of a. Chinaman on the' American ship
Dosing, In the harbor of Wuchow," and
sentenced to ; life ' imprisonment In
Shanghai prison for American convicts. ¦-
Completes His Terrible Work by Fir
ing a Barn and Then Shooting .
Himself.
TOLEDO, O., June 6.— Lefoy Grove, the
16-year-old son of a prosperous farmer
living near Napoleon, stabbed his sister, ,
aged 24, to the heart, killing her Instantly.
He then strangled his 13-year-old brother
to death and, firing the barn, ran in and
YOTJNG LAD MUEDEBS
HIS BROTHER AND SISTER
Foreign Minister Says That Her
Neutrality and Independence . '
Are Guaranteed. ; ;
BRUSSELS, June 6.— In the Senate to
day M. de Favereau, the Foreign Min
ister, in reply to a question, said:
"The guarantee of the new treaty of
Belgium is inscribed in a special treaty
between Belgium and the five ¦ guarantee
ing powers. The independence, integrity
and inviolability of Belgian territory are
guaranteed, having a view to prevent Bel
glum from serving as a battlefield for
European, nations. We must, therefore,
repel Invasion from whatever side It may
come."
After analyzing the various treaties and
protocols. M. de Favereau said: •
"It Is Indisputable that the gaaran teeing
powers Intend to' guarantee forever" our
neutrality, inviolability and Independ
ence." . '
BELGIUM HAS A SPECIAX .
TREATY WITH THE POWERS
Object to the Opening for Settlement
of Lands Held by Them in
Oklahoma.
• WASHINGTON. June 6.-Suit was be
eun to-day in the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia by Lone Wolf and
other Indians representing the Kiowa,
Comanche and Apache tribes, asking the
court to enjoin Secretary Hitchcock
Commissioner Herman of the General
Land Office, and Commissioner Jones of
the Indian Office, from carrying Into ef
fect the law providing for the opening of
parts of .the lands of those Indians lo
cated In Oklahoma Territory, to settle
ment. They also ask that the law auth
orizing the opening of the lands be de
clared void on the ground that the ces
sion by the Indians professing to repre
sent the tribes was unauthorized
Fire Causes Heavy Loss.
j MILWAUKEE, June 6.— The Pabst
Brewing Company suffered a loss by* fire
to-day to the, extent of between $150 000
and $200,000. fully covered by insurance
One man was killed during the progress
of the fire. Elevator "F" was gutted and
a cupola containing the controlling ma
chinery of the malt house, the building
adjoining, was destroyed. - The seventh,
or top story of the malt house was badly
damaged. John Smith, - a coppersmith,
<lled; from injuries sustained, by j falling
four stories while sliding down a I rope.
Colored Women Excluded.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky.. June 6.— The
Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs
to-day voted to exclude colored woman's
clubs from membership. /. .
WASHINGTON, June 6.— A naval board
of inquiry will be assembled at San Fran
clsco to Investigate the explosion which
occurred yesterday at the Mare Island
navy yard. Admiral O'Nell of the Bureau
of Ordnance has not yet been officially ad
vised of the explosion. The magazine Is
the only one on the Pacific Coast, and
has a large capacity. In order to supply
the ships in Pacific waters. Fortunately,
all projectiles and munitions are kept in
detached buildings so that the damage to
the powder is not expected to result in a
total loss of ammunition.
. VALLEJO. June 6.— Wednesday's ex
plosion of 300 tons of powder injured no
one at the time, but Boatswain Boland
was hurt In extinguishing the fire, a ma
chinist suffered a broken leg in another
part of the navy yard, and a workman
was badly crushed beneath a timber.
INDIANS INVOKE AID
OF THE ST7PEEME OOTTRT
That the Loss of Ammunition
at Mare Island Will Not
Be Severe. \
NAVAL OFFICERS WILL
INVESTIGATE EXPLOSION;
• - ¦ — !^r% — ~\
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Evening Post
to-day says: W. K. yanderbllt has been
asked to accept election ¦ to the Northern
Pacific board; of directors under the re
construction which is, now under way; in
accordance with the agreement between
the Union Pacific interests and J. J. Hill.
This left the selection of the Northern
Pacific board to J. P. Morgan, but it is
likely that all the names will be agreed
to • by the , time he reaches this country.
Mr. Vanderbllt has not given his accept
ance of election to the -Northern Pacific
board, so fac as could be learned to-day.
If he declines, H. McK. Twombley will
be asked to go into the board. Both Mr.
vanderbilt and Mr,- Twombley are direc
tors of the Chicago and \ Northwestern.
Their election to the Northern Pacific
board will not, however, indicate an,in
terest of the Northwestern In the North
ern Pacific stocks so much as a desire to
operate that property in the interest of
harmony among the -Western < railways.
The other new names to be. selected for
the new Northern Pacific board will rep
resent just as, broad-minded purposes as
would Mr. Vanderbllt or Mr. Twombley. .
The directors/of the Southern Pacifle
Railroad,, jield a meeting here tVday
Martin Erdman. of the banking house of
Speyer & Co., was elected a director tem
porarily, in place of James - Speyer. who
Is abroad. : . * ¦. : • -, ¦¦¦-- •¦•• .,,
-No action was taken with regard to the
declaration ? of •: a ~ dividend.- A , dispatch
from Dallas, .Texas. , stating: that V Edwin
Hawley ¦ is about to : resign as assistant
traffic manager of - the Southern Pacific -
Southern Pacific's f traffic matters in the
East- and he ¦ is i a ¦ member - of the com
pany's executive committee. - ; :, v . -- -
rate of Northern -
Pacific. v
Invited to the Directo-
OFFER A PLACE
TO VANDERBILT
Prince had said that Kennedy had bet
ter do the right thing or "the papers
would have something to write about."
In a previous conversation with C. W.
Prince, Costello testified,, the former had
said: ' .
"Kennedy won't get a divorce. He's
not dealing with the girl; he's dealing
with' me." ¦ ¦ -••••¦- .
R. J. - Costello, a- county employe, told
of meeting C. W. Prince, the father, at
the entrance of the building a moment
after the shooting took place and of re
marking to the latter: "Your daughter
upstairs is ¦ shooting her husband. • You
could have prevented this if you had
wanted to." : ...
told one man ¦who was holding her broth
er, "Let him go; I did the shooting," and
then, when a policeman arrived and was
holding her, she exclaimed, according to
a witness, "Let go my hands; I want to
fix my hair," which she did in a matter
of fact way. Another witness said that
the defendant's two ' brothers and i her
father were in different parts of the build
ing at the time. ¦ i< ,' - •
States and Hungary £20 to £25. Brod
rick said : a telegram had just reached
him from ~ Lord Kitchener announcing
that between 50,000 and 60,000 troops were
now: suitably mounted. The War Secre
tary defended the good quality of the
horses bought abroad. . -- .
It is understood that the charges made
by Sir Blundell Maple are of a serious
nature. It Is said that In one case an
officer netted £50,000 in the purchase of
horses g in Hungary. Dissatisfaction ' is
said to have existed in the colonies be
cause' the Government has been buying
horses on the Continent when colonial
animals were available.
*¦ ¦' : ' '. ¦ ¦ j ¦ ' ' ' ¦ "?¦• .'-.-. ' -
Sir Blundell Maple, Conservative, as
serted that . British . officers who had been
sent to Hungary and Austria had ¦ pur
chased broken down animals at extrava
gant prices and divided with the sellers
the price charged the Bri-sh Government
above the actual cost. He domanded the
appointment' of a committee of inquiry.
Lord • Stanley, Financial Secretary of
the War Office, said an inquiry would be
made into the matter and he believed the
accusations of corruption brought against
British officers would be disproved.
War Secretary Brodrick said the War
Office paid for horses in England £42. In
Canada £30, and in Australia, the United
. Several • witnesses '- examined told - of ¦ the
scene at Kennedy's office -at f the -time 7 of
the killing, each', testifying -to the.'fact
that Mrs. - Kennedy f appeared > perfectly
cool as : she r fired at :, her: husband.' &•; She
KANSAS CITT. June 6.— When Lulu
Prince-Kennedy entered court' this morn
ing it was to hear the outline of her case
in the trial for murdering her husband,
made by Attorney - Nearing for the de-;
fense. The attorney, said he would prove
that the defendant had received .; most
brutal treatment "at the hands of the
husband, which had caused her to 'kill
him during a temporary " fit ,' of Insanity.
They would show positively, the attorney
said, that the woman's father, and
brothers had absolutely no part in the
murder, knowing of the woman's, act
only after it had -been committed. '
The State's first witness proved.Impor
tant. Frederick Bullene, a reporter, and
Wade Munford, assistant city editor . of
the Star, told. of- Mrs. Kennedy, and. her'
brother, William Prince, coming .to the
office of that paper and requesting:" the
publication of a certain story regarding
her marriage to Kennedy. Both admitted
that the marriage had been forced," upon
the dead man, William Prince « going so
far as to say that Kennedy had r " been
given the alternative of marrying or. be
ing killed. , He had requested this fact
not to be published, "as it would annul
the marriage." . ' ', -.
. Some Damaging Testimony. > .
Roland Butler, a stenographer in Ken
nedy's office, told of the prisoner's father
and brother Will demanding that he pay
her* board bill' and when, he refused
threatening him and chasing him .from
his office, and of Kennedy's seeking , the
protection of a policeman. Then* he de
-scribed minutely the scene"at 'the '.office
on' the day'of the murder, -when:- Mrs.
Kennedy appeared and after; receiving
his refusal to live with her shot him -five
times. She had kicked Kennedy's face as
he . lay prostrate and appeared . perfectly
cool. Butler said . Will Prince: struck
Kennedy's brother, down as , the , latter
tried to disarm the woman. "¦-. ¦•"¦»'• .. :
During the ' examination ~ of ' witnesses,
even in the recital of. the thrilling scene
at the murder, the prisoner looked care
lessly from Jury, to witness and- hardly
moved a muscle. She displayed impa
tience : at the tedium i of ; the proceedings
rather than interest in the outcome of the
case.' - '¦'•-' .•.*'•'•' ¦:•""¦ •;>'•'¦'¦'• -'¦'¦ : - J ~'-vr-'
Was Cool. After Shooting. ' ;
Plea of Kansas "Woman
Who Murdered Her
Husband.
INSANITY WILL
BE THE DEFENSE
LONDON,' June ' 6.— After a long and
somewhat embittered discussion of the
policy of the War Office in buying horses
for use in South Africa, : the ¦ House of
Commons to-night," by a vote of 159 to 60,
voted the sum of £15,779,000 for transports
and remounts.
Alleged Frauds in Connection With
"the Purchase of Horses.
DISHONESTY. OF OPFICEHS.
yjr ONDON. June 6.— The Common
I Council at the Guildhall to-day
II ¦•¦',• agreed- to confer the freedom of
UL^ the city on. Lord Milner of Cape
Tcwn. \biit only after considera
ble criticism. •'Mr,» Morton, who led tha
opposition. '. blamed \ Lord Milner for "all '
the trouble Great? Britain had in ¦ Southt
Africa. and for the"'ill-feeling existing Jb&-'
tweeh the Britlsntand the Dutch.
A Pretoria speLiaVr says: . Colonel Wil
son, . witbi240' of "Kftfc'tiener's scouts, r has •
surprised -and routed «400 Boers belonging
to Beyer's ', command,' itbirty-f our ; miles ¦
west of Warm Baths. The Boers resist-'
ed stubbornly, butifinally. broke and, fled,
leaving thirty-seven- dead, a hundred
prisoners and j-.11 their wagons and sup
plies,, including S000 cattle, in the hands
of the British: The loss of the latter was;
three men killed and fifteen wounded.
Beyer's main command arrived on the
scene soon after the- engagement, but *
failed in an attempt to" recapture the sup
plies. Beyer was thus left practically
without any transport or supplies.:
Machinist Strike Justified.
On general principles Tayler thought a
difceussion of the tariff at this time would
be unwise and undesirable. He did not
consider trusts the outgrowth of protecr
tion, but conceded that incidentally some
trusts might be benefited by protection,
"just as the sun may cause weeds to
crow."
Speaking of the strike of the machinists
Gunton said It was perfectly right, as he
believed that labor was justified in organ
izing a capital for the protection of its
Interests. He said, however, that the ma
chinists were blameworthy. In that they
had agreed to arbitrate and then had
failed to live up to their agreement. He
favored compulsory education and a law
limiting the hours of labor. Referring to
Atkinson. Gunton said that his views
were all born of theory and that when the
opinion got abroad that theories akin to
Atkinson's were about to be enacted Into
law there came near being general bank
ruptcy.
Tayler announced himself as opposed to
the principle involved in trusts because,
he said, he considers human nature too
v.eak to entrust In a few people such a
power as is involved in trusts. He
thought abuses were certain and that the
result would be what he called Gover
rnental socialism or Governmental owner
ship of articles controlled by the trusts.
"Do you ' know of any combine that
actua controls any Industry?" Clarke
cfked.
Tavler said that he did not.
"Is not the United States Steel Corpor
ation on the border of obtaining absolute
control?" asked Colonel Livingston.
"1 cannot answer that question either
yes or no." replied the witness, "but there
are many large iron and steel concerns
not in the combine. Iron ore and. coal
are widely distributed, and I do not be
lieve that any one will ever get absolute
control of them."
Tayler said that, distrustful as he was
of the trusts, he had no remedy to sug
.gest. He did not accept the theory that
the trusts alone could be trusted to re
duce the cost of commodities. Instanc
ing the United States Steel Corporation,
he said that its securities amounted to
fl.500,000,000, while the cost had not been
one- third that amount. He had no doubt
that the holders of these securities would
demand returns upon them. He said he
•would oppose the Babcock bill placing iron
products on the free list, because the re
sult would be to destroy independent ef
fort, while It would not especially injure
the trusts, as with them the only effect
could be to reduce labor.
Abuses Certain to Follow Trusts.
WASHINGTON. June 6.— The Industrial
Commission at its cession to-day consid
ered the tariff question with incidental
reference to trusts, the witnesses being
Congressmen Robert W. Tayler of Ohio
and George Gunton, president of the New
York Institute of Social Economics. Tay
ler took the position that any discussion
in Congress of the tariff at this time
would have a damaging effect upon the
country- He said the DIngley law was
the most equitable tariff law the United
States had ever had. He took a decided
j>oeitjon against trusts and said they were
not fostered by • the protective tariff.
Tayer also said that he believed in the i
principles of recinrocity but that he did
not indorse any "of the recently negoti-
Eted reciprocity treaties.
Gunton devoted himself especially to re
plying to an argument recently made be
fore the commission by Edward Atkin
sou for freer trade. Gunton said that the
freedom contended for by the opponents
of the tariff is analogous to the freedom
of the savage, a fieedom which if in
dulged in too freely not only brings In
jury but ruin to himself.
Upholds the Dingley Law.
Tayler announced the general principle
that the histcry of this country for the
past few years and the conditions demand
that there should 'not be the slightest re
laxing of the tariff principle as now em
bodied In the Dingley law. The relation of
the tariff to trusts, he said, is only in
cidental. The Dingley law embodies, he
said, the idea that American civiliza
tion is on a higher plane than any other
and requires a higher reward for its
labor to maintain that excellence. When
ever the labor cost is greater than else
where It Is necessary that there should
be un equalizing influence such as the
Dingley law. Primarily,^ therefore, the
protective tariff law was in the interest
of labor. Even the farmer, he said, gets
a reciorocal benefit; •
"How Is the farmer benefited by the
tariff on steel T' asked Colonel Living
ston.
"In the first place." replied the witness,
"there Is not much . tariff . on steel and
Iron, except possibly on tin plate. We pay
out In wages not less than $20,000,000. That
means that the consuming power of the
American people at home is increased to
that extent, and I think that. the effect of
that increased consumption is sufficient to
recoup the farmer for any supposed In
crease of the cost to him of iron and steel
articles which he may purchase."
ed Before Industrial
Commission.
Congressman Tayler Takes
Stand Against All the *
Trusts.
DingleyLaw Commend-
DISCUSS TRUSTS
AND THE TARIFF
"Yes," said .Yerkes when interviewed to
night, "we have : practically got control
of the Underground' Railway. That is
what it amounts to. 'My syndicate is com*
posed of British and American financiers,
although far the largest portion of the
capital comes from the United States. We
hope to begin, work .in a few months, as
the consent of Parliament has been ob
tained.
'The system we intend to Install is al
most exactly similar to that in use on
the elevated lines in Chicago. We will
sell the present antiquated cars and sub
stitute others of an American pattern. We
intend to rebuild the stations, to install
arc lights. and to make the road equal to
any rapid transit line in the world.
"Yes, we must have American engineers
to do the work. They know nothing about
that sort of thing here. I tell you what is
the trouble with the English concerns is
1 that they do not know the value of a
scrap heap. As to the agitation over the
United States buying up England it Is
i absurd. Years, ago British .capital con
; trolled' the bulk of the American railroads.
Since then Great Britain has been on the
decline and the United States has pro-
Kcessed. As a natural result the circum
stances are now reversed. '
English. Company Now Satisfied.
"When I first proposed to take over the
Underground Railway the English com
pany raised all sorts of objections, but
gradually they came around and they ap
pear to be perfectly satisfied with the
bargain.
"No, I cannot say who are in with me.
However, I wish to assert distinctly that
the report that the Widener-Elkins group
is in any way connected with the syndi
cate is absolutely untrue. I intend to re
main here for a considerable time, as
there are likely to be several things need-
Ing my personal attention." . ,
After declining to say whether he con
"templated buying up other roads, Mr.
Yerkes concluded with a declaration that
the remodeled Underground Railway
would be far superior to the existing Lon
don "tube." .
"The people who built that," said he,
"krew nothing except how to dig holes.
Everything else is wrong. - Chicago is
ahead of the rest of the world in electric
traction. If they had studied the Chicago
system they might have given London
bomethring better. In the course of time
my syndicate will be represented by direc
tors of the board of the Underground
Railway, but there Is no hurry about
that." - ij • ¦ . -. -:~c:'.' v
American Capital Invested.
t i. • i ¦ ¦ : ¦¦
LONDON, June 6.— A special meeting of
the District Railway to-day sanctioned
Charles T. Terkes" plan for the introduc
tion of electricity as the motive power of
the road. J. S. Forbes, the president, said
the work would occupy two years.
The agreement with Yerkes provided
for the formation of an electric traction
company to electrify the road. Mr. Yerkes,
¦who represented sixteen of the most
influential firms, bankers and capitalists,
was ready to stake £1,000,000 to help the
railroad relieve its position. The syndi
cate had already bought shares to the
value of £1,250.000 and was ready to buy as
many more. It had to construct a gener
ating station at Chelsea, make the neces
sary alterations in the permanent way
and construct fresh rolling stock. - Half a
million of ordinary stock paid to the Trac
tion Company was taken at the nominal
price of £25, and £166,000 was taken in 4
per cent debentures at par. Five per cent
interest was to be paid the Americans on
the outlay. A syndicate of 'bankers had
undertaken to put up £1,000,000 as security
for carrying out the contract.
Yerkes Will Introduce
Traction System in
London.
SANCTIONS NEW
ELECTRIC ROAD
WASHINGTON. June 6.— In view of the
several representations made In Havana
regarding the interpretation by the Sec
retary of War to the Cuban commission
ers of the Platt amendment, It can be
stated authoritatively that the Secretary,
did not deviate from the declaration that
the President and himself had no power
to change an act of Congress. It is said
here that the amendi&ents which the Cu
ban convention made to the Platt law
and the incorporation of conversations
with Secretary Root did not represent his
views of the amendment, nor was he cor
rectly quoted in the alleged statement.;
Among the reports given out in Havana
is the translation of a letter of Senator
Platt, written to the Secretary of War,
furnished as a confidential document to
the Cuban commissioners when , they
¦were here. This letter briefly gives the
views of .the Connecticut Senator on
some features of the law which bears his
name. Surprise was expressed that the
letter should appear in print In Havana-
General Wood telegraphed the depart
ment to-day inquiring as to the where
abouts of the letter of Secretary Root
explaining in detail the objections to the
actions of the constitutional convention.
It Is understood that the letter will reach
Havana within a very short time. It has
been delayed in the mail.
His Views of the Cuban
Amendments Are
Misquoted.
Letter Containing His Objec
tions Delayed in the
Maila - -
WAR SECRETARY
NOT UNDERSTOOD
Opposition " in the London Common Council Blames the High Commissioner
for All of Great Britain's Troubles in South Africa and Tor the Cdnse
quent Bad Feeling: Existing Between the English and the Dutch
MILNER GRANTED FREEDOM OF CITY,
BUT IT AROUSES CAUSTIC COMMENT
GUNBOAT GOES
TO VENEZUELA
' ' 7~* 7— . " ¦ . ~ .. -1 • ¦
Significance of; the Pres
ent Cruise of the
/ Mayflower.
Germany Will Interested
to Know Majgarita Island,
Is to Be;Skirted. .
• .Special Dispatch to The. Call.
. CALX, BUREAU/ 1406 Ol STREET. N."
.W.; t WASHINGTON, June 6.— Venezuela
and Gefrmany ; will both be Interested In
the visit the gunboat Mayflower^will make
to ports 'on the former's coast. ; Protec
tion of American Interests Is ! the primary
object of the Mayflowers cruise. Infor
mation is wanted regarding the present at
titude of Venezuela toward American citi
zens. Besides,' ltds deemed desirable to
show, the Caracas Government that Min-"
ister-LbomJsV withdrawal has not ended
the friendly calls of Amerlcanlwarshlps. -
The Mayflower will take advantage of
her proximity to Margarita Island to skirt
its shores.- - It is . not expected that any
German men-of-war will be in that neigh
borhood,-but the officials believe that it
will not be amiss to show the world that
the United States is not inattentive to
events which have occurred in that quar
ter.. .. ¦ . ¦ '. '. ; ¦'<¦;: t : ' ¦¦ • ' .' -
Announcement of the dispatch of \ the
Mayflower to Venezuela was made to-day
by the Naval Bureau of Navigation, which
stated that the. vessel, had left San Juan
for Carupano, a port In Venezuela a short
distance to the eastward of Margarita
Island. This port is also comparatively,
near the asphalt beds, which are in dis
pute" between the New York and Ber
mudez Company aod the "Warner-Qulnlan
Syndicate. After a short stay here the
Mayflower will proceed to La Guayra; t^e
seaport of Caracas. 1 and her commanding
officer will communicate with Mr. Russell,
the -American Charge d' Affairs, and per
haps go .to Caracas and call upon Presi
dent Castro. From La Guayra the May
flower will steam to Puerto Gabello, one
of the battlefields of Castro's revolution
ary campaign. -:• ¦.^r:>-.- ''.'.'¦ - • . = .
: The department asserts that the May
flower's stay In Venezuelan waters will
be limited to a -few days, and. they pro
fess to believe 'that "beneficial efforts will
flow from it. i ', .v" : :¦¦¦•.: -¦¦_•;¦-'.''• ., :
NEW APPOINTEES
OF PRESIDENT
Isaac C. Stoddard Will
Be Secretary of
Long' List of OfBcials Named
For High Military
Honors.
WASHINGTON. June 6.— The President
has made the following appointments:
Interior Department — Isaac C. Stoddard of
Stoddard. Ariz., Secretary of Arizona Territory,
to succeed Charles j H. Akera, whose term ex
pires to-morrow. , *. > '
• Treasury Department — Henry C. Fisher, sec
ond lieutenant revenue cutter service.
War Department— Cavalry: Colonel, Albert
E. Woodson; lieutenant colonel. John B. Kerr;
majors— Ezra B. Fuller and Robert P. "Waln
wrlzbt. • -' ¦' C-
First lieutenants— Frank P. Amos, ' Perry W.
Arnold, Julian A. Benjamin, - Louis R. Ball,
Conrad S. Babcock, Herbert J.. Brees, Joseph
A. Baer, John J. Boniface, Fred B. Buchanan,
David H. Biddell, Phillip W." Corbusier, George
B. Comley. Edward Calvert, Dorsey Cullen.
Malln Craig, Guy Cushman, William B. Cowen,
Leslie A. Chapman, Francis H. Cameron Jr..
Frank- 1." Case, Warren Dean, Ben B. Dorcy,
Clark D. Dudley, Edward Davis. James E.
Fecht, Robert C. Foy, Roger 8.1 Fitch. WUllara
D. Forsythe, Ferdinand W. Fonda. Charles C.
Farmer Jr., Hamilton Foley. Lewis Forester.
Patrick W. Galeney. SamuerR. Gleaves, James
Goethe, Walter B. Grant, - James Huston.
Charles G..' Harvey. Fred W. Hershler. Edwm
A. Hlckman, Paul T. Haynes Jr.. Grayson V.
Heidt, Freeborn P. Holcomb, Charles 8.
Haight. Russell T. Hazzard. Stuart Heintzel
man, Wilson G.Heaton, Evan H. Humphrey.
Frederick C. Johnson, Robert F. Jackson, Wil
liam I. Karnes, Albert A. King, Leon B. Kro
mer. Aubrey Llpplncott, John D. Long, Fltz
hugh Lee Jr., Douglas McCaskey, John McClin
tock. - Albert M. McClure, Charles E. McCul
lough, James M. McKinley, ' Reginald E. Mc-
Nally, Morton C. Mumm. Lewis Moore, Charles
F. r Martin. Willy V. Morris. . G«org» V. H.
Mosely, Guy S. Norvell. Llewellyn W. Oliver,
Henry W. .'Parker, Samuel B. Pearson, Bruce
Palmer. Samuel A. Purvlance. Anton H. Pot
ter, Dennis P. Quinlan. James C. Rhea, James
O. Ross, Verne La Strickwell. E. Holland Ru
bottom, C. A. Romyn. Hugh A. . Roberts, Wal
lace B. Scales, Edward A. ' Sturgess, Dexter
Sturgess. Richard M. ' Thomas, James D. Til
ford. . Theodore B. Taylor. Dan Van Voorheea.
John "Watson, William H. Winters. Frank O.
.Whttlock. Robert E. Wood. Warren. Wfaitstd*.
; John W. Wllen. RoBert R. Wallack. Oeorga
i William* and Hubert I* Wiarmore.
. Second lieutenants— Robert M. Barton, Oliver
.P. M. Hazzard, Solomon Jeffers, Ben Lear Jr.,
Alvin 8. Perkins, Arthur Poillon, Kyle. Rucker.
Otto.W. Rethorst. Edmund B. Tompkhw and
Emery S. West. : .
Infantry— First lieutenants: George R. Arm-,
stronr, Howard S. Avery. Ell Lewis Admire,
Georjfe E. Ball, • Frederick W. Benton, Thomas
I* Brower, Olln R. Booth. Joseph W. Beacham
Jr..: William S. Bradford. John L.. Bond. Henry
M. Bankhead. George W. Brandle, Lawrence
F. Butler, Arthur S. ¦ Cowan, Wallace M.
Cralgie. Willis P. Cbleman. Nell A. Campbell.
Joaephua S. Cecil. Harry J. Collins, Andrew J.
Dougherty^ Charles T. - Doster, Dolliver P.
Dockery Jr., Frederick R. Dunlck. C. R.DU
llng-ham. George A. Denmore, Oliver S. Eak
ridge, Milton A. Elliott Jr.. H. J. Erickson.
Kurtz Epply, George D. Freeman Jr.. Edgar A.
Fry, James W. Furlow. George L Feit«r. Albert
A. Foreman, William R. Gibson, Frederick
Geodeck, Francis "HT. Healy, Wlnfleld Harper.
Harry A. Hageman, Henry A. Hanigan, Ernest
Hagedorn, Raymond W. Hardenberg. Horace
P. Hobbs. Frank B. Hawkins. Charles E. Hay
Jr., G. A. Hadsell, Ernest E. Haskell, Paul
Har»t, Joseph Herring. William E. Hunt. Jack
Hayes, Jam's Justice. John E. James, Walte C.
Johnson, j Graham L. Johnson, Alden C.
Knowles. Knud Knudsen, William A. Kent.
Frank R. Lang, Joel R. Lee, Millard Little,
Dupont B. Lyon. Charles L. McKay, Ralph Mc-
Coy, Edgar A. Myer, Charles McClura Jr.,
Waiter B. McCaskey. Francis J, McConnell,
James Mayer. William McCammon Jr./ Samuel
W. Noye3, Clarence S. Nettles, Ephraim G.
Peyton, James K. Parsons, Walter G.Penfleld.
Howard C. Price. Joseph K. Partello. Allen
Parker, Ernest M. Reeve, George S. Richards
Jr., Hector A. Roblchon, J.- B. Rsames, Wli
liarn L. Reed. Lon L. Roach. Richard P. Rffen
berlck Jr., : Henry. A. Ripley,- Edward W. Rob
. inson. Reuben Smith. Alden Smith Jr.. Bernard
Sharp; • George ¦ E. Stewart, John , B. Sanford,
Richard Smith, Arthur M. Shipp, George B.
Sharon, Edward R. Stone, Walter C. Sweeney,
Fred E. Smith, William S.. Sinclair, Earl W.
Tanner, Grosvenor L. Townsend, John R.
Thomas "Jr.. -George' S. 'Tiffany, Thomas A.
Vicars; Louis J. Van Schaik. Eldred D. WVar
fleld, John W. Wright, James T. Watson,
Charles Weeks, William H. Waldron, Arthur
P. Watts, Rhinelanaer Waldo; Harry A. Wood
ruff, Robert H. Westcott, Henry Watterson Jr..
Alfred McC. "Wilson. Charles L. Willard. Sam
uel W. "Widdlneld, George W. Wallace. ' •
. Second lieutenants — Charles E* Carpenter,
Clarence C. Culver, Clyde B. Crusan, Allen T.
Crockett, Leonard I* Dietrich, John T.' Dunn.
Albert U. Falkner. William C- Fltzpatrick.
William B. Graham. William M. Goodale. Wal
ter Harvey, Cleveland C. Lansing, Dewltt
Lyles. Burton J. Mitchell, Edwin J. Knowles.
James G. Taylor. Kaolin I* Whltaon and Jo
seph C. Wilson. ¦ ¦
. Judge advocate, rank of colonel— Stephen W.
Groesbeck. ...
Judge advocate, rank of lieutenant colonel-
Edgar S. Dudley.
, First ' lieutenant in artillery corps— John W.
Kllbreth Jr. . - -
Second lieutenant In artillery corps— Joseph
Mattson.
Captain in corps of engineers— James P. Levy.
Captain in signal corps— Edward B. Ives.
.Quartermaster, rank of captain— William E.
Horton. : v. .-¦'.•¦ >¦¦ :
Commissary, rank of captain — Thomas Frank
lin. I . . ¦ .- .
Surgeons of volunteers, rank of major— Sbnon
J. Fraser, Howard A. Grube, Richard S. Gris
wold. -Abraham L. • Halnes, Damazo T. Lalne.
Assistant surgeon, rank of first lieutenant in
the Porto Rico Regiment, United States Volun
teer Infantry— S. Moret. •:*« •-
DEATH COMES SUDDENLY . . ';
'TO BCAJOB; GEORGE ARTHUR
He Returned Becently toy United
States on Furlough From 'the 1
: .Philippines. \
CLEVELAND, -June 6.— Major George
Arthur, assistant paymaster of the United
States army, who recently returned from
the Philippines, died suddenly at the Wed
dell House !n this city early to-day. He
was about 45 years old and unmarried.
Major Arthur arrived at the hotel at a
very early hour and sat down in a chair
in : the lobby. - Shortly afterward on at
tache of the hotel found him gasping for
breath and unconscious. He was at once
removed to. a room, but 3oon expired. < The
physicians - believe that death resulted
ironi hemorrhage of "the stomach' or lungs.
An autopsy will be held.
Last fall, while in pursuit of his duties
as paymaster of the trocps attached to a
remote post In the Philippines. Major Ar
thur was attacked by a number - of
drunken soldiers, ?who attempted to get
poDsesslon of his cash box. In the fight
which followed Major Artur was badly
beaten. He was sent < to the • hospital at
Manila on his return and : when able to
leave the | hospital , camp home on , a fur
lough. He had practically recovered, from
his wounds and had beon in good health'
recently. Deceased was n son of Pi M. Ar- !
thur, grand chief of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, t, -^ :;,,.,",(,'
DISMISSED FBOM CHAIR v-r , .
V o:p NATTJRAX SCIENCES
Kansas Professor Displeases Univer
sity Trustees Vby Spreading
.Alleged Heretical Doctrines.
KANSAS CIT5T, June 6.— A special to the
Star' from Salina, Kan:, says : • .
- ' The i, trustees of ' the Kansas Wesleyan
University have refused to re-elect Profes
sor F. , D. Tubbs to the chair of natural
sciences, which he has held for the past
two years. The cause of dismissal is what
Is known among the Methodist clergy as
"hipher criticism" of the Bible. a mild
phrase for heresy. No formal charges are
preferred against Dr. Tubbs. The trus
tees simply left him out In making up
their faculty ; for the .- ccming ¦ year. Dr.
Tubbs returned two-or three years ago
from South America, having' been sta
tioned in Argentine as 3 missionary. It
is said that his theological views at that
time were responsible for his recall, and
after his return . he was " warned, not to
spread 'his doctrines among the students.
If is "said he has been holding private
classes at his home on '.'Higher Criticism."
The students are circulating a petition of
remonstrance - against • Dr.' Tubbs' re
moval.;- :'••¦ •.-¦•"-.•'¦•,-.'-.;¦.- i '.;-...t!i
-Noted Surgeon Commits Suicide.'
LONDON, June 6.— Dr. Thomas Bond, a
well known surgeon and ? analyst, com
mitted suicide to-day by throwing himself
from 'a third-story window' of -his resi
dence. He had been suffering from melan
cholia for some time. Dr.- Bond, besides
being >the late- Mr. Gladstone's surgeon
was noted • in connection with investiga
tions and discoveries In, the cases of sev
eral sensational crimes, notably the Le
froy, Lamson and Camp murders. .
Disqualified by Weak Eyes.
' WEST POINT. N. T., June 6.— No official
report has yet been made by the medical
examining board, but In official circles it Is
said that about 25 per cent of the. young
men who , yesterday presented themselves
for entrance examination at the military
academy were found physically disquali
fied, mainly on account of weak eyes. The
examinations of the Installed candidates
will be finished to-morrow.
'Tp-'SAy.;; frA^^sc^^ ' ¦ ¦ .1 .; . - • • -
2
Faultless Day Shirts
- . -The. Faultless Night! Shirt Co.- also makedayshiftsV-
.and they are artlsticaliy rnad?to be sure. The shirts are
•as good as anybody wants'. .We have.a line of them made
: V frcm imported midras and cheviot in late,-swell patterns. •
They are -the golf style for warm weather. Some come : .
with' plain and some with p aiteJ fronts. -'They are the
equal in^eyeryjway^of^ the custom shirt-maker's f 3'bo'or
i /, ii.w.shvcU Our price • *^ / - - •'•".' • ¦•¦¦
¦ r 'i ""¦-'"-•:' ' v -*$2 OO
k ; , .718 Market uStreet ?QUORUM STILL UV.CKHTG
IN CURED FUUIT SESSION
Proceedings . of Association "in San
Jose Delayed by Absence of >
Members.
SAN JOSE. June ' 6.-There" was no
quorum this afternoon when the Califor
nia . Cured 1 Fruit . Association was called
to order, and after a short session ad
journment was taken until to-morrow- af
ternoon. Over 100 votes were cast since
yesterday's meeting, but they were still
lacking 86 votes. These, . It is expected,
will be received in the next twenty-four
hours. ' • ,;, „
About 250. growers were present.- .Bal
loting was opened, and ail those present
were given a chance to vote. -". Dr. Julius
Koebig, the . opposition 1 candidate . for
vice president, wanted a motion adopted
so that the board of directors receive
ballots i and an adjournment taken until
a definite date. ' This President , Bond de
clared out of order. . It was announced
that a grower would be allowed to with
draw • his ballot . and substitute' another
up to the time the actual opening of
ballots commenced. This promised -to
open* up a debate, but it was shut a off
by the president. . ¦ ¦; • .
Of the 1762 votes cast itis believed an
overwhelming, majority favor the, perpet
uation - in office of the present board of
management. President -Bond' believes
the lack of votes is due to neglect on the
part of growers and that. the few needed
will be forthcoming. While eighty-six
votes are still wanted . forty' have been
sent in by mail, which "cannot be counted
because the growers . have •. failed ' to ' sisrn
their names. One of the leaders of ; tne
opposition to President Bond : stated this
afternoon ; that the fact ¦- that 1800 l mem
ber have failed - to send in • their- votes
means a general breaking away from the
association, ; and that^ these '-. will ' not '¦ de
liver • their : fruit to the association * the
coming year. If this < be true a serious
disruption In the .big: prune' combine *• is
sure to follow.* <"• ¦ .¦ ,'./»'¦•¦ . •¦' ,¦¦ '¦¦¦••
CARNIVAL MIRTH
AND PATRIOTISM
WOODLAND, June 5.—Wood
land Parlor No. 90, Native
Daughters of the Golden
West, has chosen Miss Katie
Simmons and Miss Annie
Schluer as delegates to the Grand Parlor,
which meets in Sacramento on Tuesday,
June 1L
Both young ladies are prominent In so
ciety and influential in the parlor. Miss
Simmons Is al3o one of the foremost edu
cators of the county. She will be elected
grand president of the Woodland Parlor
on th« same day that the Grand Parlor
convenes. Miss Schluer is the only nomi
nee for grand marshal and will no doubt
be elected without opposition. In the de
liberations of the Grand Parlor Woodland
Parlor will be ably represented." -
San Diego Prepares Big
Independence Day
Celebration.
GUTHRIE, O. T., June 6.— William Did
gen I was struck and killed by^ his broth
er; John Didgen." to-day. John,' who has
been acting queerly, arose, went to the
woodpile, got the ax and hit his brother
in .the -.temple. He was taken to jail I' at
El Rerio. . The i arties are well-to-do peo
ple living ; near Cashion, O. T. ,
Killed by ; His Brother.
Coronado will entertain the visitors on
the 5th and San Diego on the 6th. The
programme at Coronado has not been
completed, but on this side of the bay
there will be a baseball game between
teams from the Elks of Los Angeles and
the Elks of San Diego. In the afternoon
there will be boat -racing on -the bay, in
cluding yacht races for cups, single and
double scull races, gig «nd barge races,
besides a race between the girl crews of
the bay. of which there are a dozen,
though they have but five racing barges.
Saturday evening, the 6th, will see the
grand close of the celebration with a wa
ter carnival, in which all of the launches,
sail boats and row boats will participate
after being decorated and illuminated. It
will form one of the 'prettiest pictures
imaginable. The carnival on ¦ the . water
will be followed by a naval battle, which
is the form of the fireworks display on
this side of the bay. . . ¦ ¦ „ _
All of the towns in the county have
given up the idea of separate celebrations,
with the exception of Julian and Hedges,
the communication with both of them be
ing such that their people could not con
veniently come to San Diego to celebrate.
Excursions will be run from every town
in the county. which is reached by a rail
road, . and the excursions by way of the
Santa Fe will continue for three days.
There will be excursion trains on the local
roads each day of the celebration.
The general plan is for the celebration
to begin on the evening of Wednesday,
the 3d of the month, with a bicycle pa
rade, illuminated, and a band concert on
the plaza. The parade of ¦ the morning of
the Fourth will be marshaled by John
Metcalf, and will contain floats from all
of the back country towns and valleys
besides those from the city. Lower Cali
fornia will Join in the parade with a cav
alcade of horsemen, permission having
been secured for the Mexicans to bring
their horses across the line on that day.
The parade will be followed by literary
exercises on the plaza. The afternoon
will be devoted to sports at Coronado, fol
lowed by fireworks at. the tent city ¦ on
the beach.
The general committee in charge Is com
posed of J. TV. Wolf, chairman and di
rector general of the celebration; JI. P.
Wood, secretary; George H. Ballou, John
Metcalf, A. E. Hornbeck, Arthur Cos
grove, J. M. Dodge, J. P. Cantlin, Dr. E.
A. Butler, Joseph A. Flint, C. Fred Henk
ing Herman Fritz, T. E. Rowan,, John
Hetzel. Waldo S. Waterman, Dr. A. Mor
gan, George Magley, J. S. Akerman, Ford
A. Carpenter. Ev-M. Burbeck, E. B. Stuart
and D. Scudder.
SAN DIEGO. June 6.— There was an
other enthusiastic meeting of the general
committee on Fourth of July celebration
and carnival this evening at the rooms of
the Chamber of Commerce, when reports
were received from most of the sub-com
mittees showing the progress of the work
thus far. The two cities of the bay, San
Diego and Coronado, have outlined a plan
for the most elaborate celebration of In
dependence day that the city has ever
held, lasting from the early evening of the
3d until midnight of the 6th, and closing
with a water carnival, parade and sham
battle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, June 6.— The Tageblatt prints
special correspondence from New Guinea
containing a full account of the massacre
of members of the first German South
Sea expedition on the cannibal island of
St. Matthias. They were all killed, and
eaten, save Dr. Heinroth. < y '-' "
The Colonial Zeitung, the official: organ
of the German Colonial Society, ' furnishes
details of the massacre. , • .
It claims that the vessel, which carried
the expedition to the island of St.
Matthias left, after a few days, for Her
berthoh, ; New Britain, to get /coal and
fresh supplies. During its absence the'
savages, who had hitherto appeared
friendly, though known to be rabid can
nibals, planned to kill, and rob the
diminished party. •
The plot was carried out one* moraine
while the members of the. expedition, who
had a bodyguard of *— ty drilled Papuans,
were cleaning their fc s, which they had
taken apart. Sudden ilghty of the isl
anders broke from thv bushes, raising
fierce war cries and brandishing spears,
with which they stabbed to death the
leader of the party, Dr. Mencken, his'sec
retary, Herr Cato, and a white sailor who
was asleep under a tree. --
Dr. Heinroth emptied his revolver into
his assailants, while the bodyguard in the
meantime retired to the boats with the
wounded and Dr. Heinroth, leaving twelve
dead The boats put off to an island not
far distant where the expeditionary ves
sel rescued them. Subsequently the sur
found the bodies had been devoured and
the camp # absolutefy looted.
Massacre of Members of
German South Sea
Expedition.
CANNIBALS KILL
THE SCIENTISTS
WOODLAND'S DELEGATES TO
GRAND PARLOR OF THE NA-"
TIVE DAUGHTERS. ; ' " \ 7:
rBIENDS FEAR HE LOST %
SIS WAY ON THE DESERT
Prominent Mining Man of San Ber
nardino Starts Out Prospect
ing and Disappears.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 6.— B. H.
Thcmas, a well-known mining man. start
ed from this city two months ago on a
prospecting trip. His destination was Old
Woman's Mountain, where he expected
to locate some copper claims. Thomas
vcas "grub staked" by T. C. Worden, also
of San Bernardino, and he promised to
write the latter in two weeks. Since the
time he started no word has been re
ceived from him, and fears are enter
tained by relatives that he perished from
heat and thirst while crossing the Colo
rado desert.
Efforts were made to have Thomas
abandon his perilous journey until cooler
weather prevailed, but he insisted on go
ing. He crossed the plains in 1849. and
In time accumulated a fortune in mining-,
but afterward lost it- The missing man
Is past 60 years of age and a member of
several secret societies. In fhe event that
word Is not received from him by the
nrst of next week a searching party will
be sent out.
OF INTEBEST TO THE COAST.
Increase of Salary for Several Cali
fornia Postmasters.
WASHINGTON.June 6.— These orders
have boen issued by the Postofflce De
partment: Postmasters commissioned—
California Mamie Potter, Sharer.
"Washington: Persis E. ' Gunn, Index.
Postmasters appointed — Oregon: S. F.
Hearer, Garibaldi, Tillamook County,
vice R. P. Ycrk, resigned.
The following changes in salaries of
postmasters of California is announced:
Increases — Bakersfield, $2300 to $2500"
Berkeley. $2500 to J2C00; Palo Alto, J170D to
$1800; San Luis Obispo. 51800 to $1900; Tay
lor. $1000 to $1100. Decrease— Perris, $1000
to fourth class.
The following postofiices of California
have become domestic money order of
fices: East Yard, Forest Home, Lemon,
Sherman and Rosewood. 1
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California— Original: Mosel Frankel. San
Francisco, $6. Increase: George F. Lowe
Veterans* Home, Napa, $8. Original wid
ows: Mary Benjamin, Los Angeles, $8;
Augusta E. Bean. San Francisco, $8.
War with Spain— Original: William Hin
son, San Francisco, $10.
Oregon — Increase: Lyman Sylvester,
Eupene. $12. Original widows: Elizabeth
J. Nutter, McCoy, $8.
Washington — Additional: Joseph
Wright, Hayes. $12. Increase: Henry D.
Straight, Almira, $17. ,
Wedding in the Garden City.
SAN JOSE, June 6.— Miss Ara Gass. a
popular young lady of this city, and P.
M. Walsh were married at the home of
the bride's mother* Mrs. J. W. Gass, at
noon to-day. The . Rev. Alfred Kummer
performed the ceremony. Miss Stella
Kummer attended the .bride and J. B.
X>aiiig;an was best man.
News has been received here of the
marriage of Miss Lena Voltz, formerly of
this city, to J. B. Thomas, a prominent
real estate man of Butte, Mont., at that
place on Saturday last. . - »
Ship. Poltalloch Safely Afloat.
SOUTH BEND, Wash., June 6.— The
British ship Poltalloch, which was
stranded eight months apo on the beach
near the North Cove llg-nthouse, is safely
afloat and reached South Bend this morn-
Ing. For over two weeks she has been
v/iihin thirtv feet of deep water. She is
uninjured, not even being strained to any
perceptible extent, and looks none the
worse for her stay on the beach.
CAMPERS ARE CROWDING ;
INTO YOSEMITE VALLEY
Melting Snow on J.tho High Sierra I
' Peaks Forms Many New . '
Waterfalls.
YOSEMITE, June 6.— The warm weather
has started the melting of the snow in the
high Sierras surrounding the Yosemite
Valley." Due to this fact the falls In the
valley are more full of water than they
have been for years. Hundreds of new
cascades come tumbling^ down the moun
tain sides in torrents, making new streams
to the Merced River. The floor of the val
ley now resembles one. huge lake. •
This Is considered the most unusual sea
son ever experienced .in the Yosemite on
account of the peculiarities existing at
such a late period. The abundance of
water has always been at-its height not
later than the middle of • May and from
this time on the falls begin to dwindle.
The 'late season this year is attributed to
the severe winter and, the long cold spell
during April and May holding back the
melting of the snow. The warm weather '
has i brought the foliage out abundantly.
All the trails to the principal points of in
terest are now open and more snow than
has ever been known to exist in the high
Sierras can be seen from the various
peaks around the valley. .'.Hundreds of
tourists have taken the Glacier Point trail
and from the summit one can see j miles
of snow-capped peaks.
The campers are beginning to crowd into
the valley. Most of the grounds assigned
to the campers are well* filled. From
many letters received the guardian ex
pects to have about. 2000 campers here. .:
TECHNICALITY IN LAW V
HAY SAVE MURDERERS
Peculiar Case Affecting the Signing
of a Death Warrant Arises
: - in Washington. /,
TACOMA, June 6.— Judge j Snell to-day
refused to issue "the death . warrant for
the execution of Eben L. Boyce.the wife
murderer, for the reason that under the
law no date . could be fixed within thirty
days from this time, nor could the Sheriff
execute the writ within that time. Under
the provisions of the Rand law, effective.
June 14, the execution must take place
at the State penitentiary. The prosecut
ing attorney gave notice he- would appeal
to the Supreme Court for a -writ of man-*
date, dlrectins the court to sign the war- I
rant. The court waived the usual . four j
days' I notice and It is expected the ap- |
peal will be argued in the Supreme-Court
to-morrow. This will bring up the whole •
queetion as to whether the, omission* of j
the savlne, clause In the Rand law re
lieves from execution murderers in this
State now awaiting sentence.
THOUSANDS OF INDIANS g ;
AT. PASSION PLAY SCENE
Siwashes in the Northwest Begin the
Religious Ceremonies With
j \ Pontifical Mass. ¦
VANCOITVER, B. C, June 6.— A special
from Chilliwack, B. C^says: In prepar
ation.for the presentation of the Passion
Play by 500 Indians. here to-morrow.relig
ious services of special solemnity are be
ing, held to-day. •-;,."-¦
In addition to the, multitude of perform
ers 2000 other Indians from all points on
the j coast who have come here ¦ on a pil
grimage are participating in the feast of
Corpus Christ! this morning. 'Pontifical
high mass was celebrated, after which
there was an exposition of the blessed
sacrament. Each tribe made a special,
adoration for one hour, singing hymns in
the seven languages represented in this
pilgrimage, t Following this there will be
the procession in which all participate,
with music by eight Indian bands and the
booming of many cannon. T -'
QTJARRBL OVECB MINING
RESULTS IN SHOOTING
Old Rancher in the Honey Lake Val
; ley Is Killed by a Neigh
, ? '¦¦¦ ' "boT. ¦¦;¦ ¦'/ -. , • ¦--- ,'
SUSANVILLB. June 6.— Thomas Wat
son," an 'old rancher, who has been ;iii
Honey Lake Valley many years, was shot
to death * this afternoon by . Ben Weisen
berger. 'Weisenberger is a miner.r He"
had a lease of ground from Watson-for
placer mining about v a , quarter : of a mile
from Watson's house. The shooting, re
sulted from a disagreement; as to mining
rights. - Weisenberger says Watson and
h ! s boys > came to the mine and fired sev
eral shots at him. He then got his shot
gun and killed Watson. , ¦
WARBTJRTON DECLARES .7 v; ; -
IT WAS SELF-DEFEirSE
Witnesses in the San Rafael Murder
- '¦'-" Trial' Tell of Threats by ;.
»«iiiy- .¦•¦¦¦ .¦.-•¦¦¦' ¦'...-¦ "
SAN RAFAEL. June 6.— The trial ofJVV'.;
F.* Warburton; accused v of w the' murder ; of
Matthew. Rellly, was resumed to-day. ,
Several witnesses testified that Reillyhad
mede threats ; against Warburton.: v *:
Mrsi War burton,- mother of the defend- I
ant, testified that - on the night - of the
shooting I she had warned : Reilly * to I keep
away from the defendant, as his (Reilly's)
threats >< had -been • communicated ? to • him
and ¦ vWarburton; was v thoroughly) fright
ened and ; would shoot , if molested. ;The
defendant testified about the threats. The
case will go on to-day. : >. --¦ '< J
* -?h; Mexican \. Dies* hi; the Flames.^
; BISBEE, j Ariz/, * June '. 6. 3 -^In<, a < fire last
night, .which - destroyed i dwellings,*
an ' unknown '" Mexican p was JS burned »* to
death. The i buildings destroyed were small '
frame 'houses, mostly 1 occupied by Mexi
cans. ' ,, : . .*..-¦¦.. ¦:.¦ - ' ._ ';/-- •' '¦ ¦ -O. .;' •¦ ¦ .:. - r r i
Child Drowned in a Fond.
WOODLAND, June 6.— Peter Lax-son's
son, Nelson, fell into a pond of deep-.wa
ter near - the fair grounds to-day while
at play with a younger brother and was
drowned. ;= <¦"¦ ¦- .¦'¦ . :
STORY TELLS A, OOTJB.T
OF MATBIMONTATi WOES
SAN JOSE. June 6.— The, suij. .of ;Sey
mour'S. Story for a divorce from his wife,
Margaret V J. Story, on the ground of ex
treme, cruelty, is being tried before Judge
Lorigan. . The suit | is the outcome of a
marriage through a' Chicago matrimonial
bureau. .Story, who was an aged "mer
chant Morgan Hill, -several years
ago applied to the agency for 'a wife. One
was readily found for him, as he had a
fruit ranch and some money. Story soon
deeded the woman a half interest in the
fruit ranch." She had Story . arrested on
some half dozen charges, ranging, from
battery to attempt -to murder, but on ex
amination these were all dismissed.
When suit for. divorce was brought
Story transferred the property to his son
in-law, who attempted to take possession
An order ¦ from court was secured evict
ing Mrs. Story/ but when the Deputy
Sheriff went to remove her he found, her
inbed, with a few days', old, child at her
side. The officer refused to believe her
statement about the child and then Mrs.
Story became angry and, dressing, left
the, house:.
On the stand to-day Story, denied the
child was his . and . declared the woman
had borrowed it from, some friend. Ha
also told a story of cruelty on - the part
of his wife.** \;\ .
Coach Off a Perilous
Road.
•
Sj>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
Frightened Horses Carry the
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 6.— Runaway
horses carried a mail stage coach down
the face of a mountain precipice early
this morning near Greenwood and as a
result of the accident one man was killed
instantly while two other men and one
woman are not expected to live. The ac
cident occurred to Alexander Haugh's
coach, the victims being Andrew Kirk
land, driver, killed; Mrs. Edward Benard,
arm and leg broken, fatally injured;
Harry Xicholls, fatally injured internally,
and Charles Leyland, leg broken and ribs
crushed. The other two men, whose
names could not be obtained, were
knocked unconscious by the fall down the
slide, but were only bruised and were able
to walk in- to Greenwood.
The disaster occurred before 5 o'clock,
a. mile after the passing of the Half-Way
House between McKinney. a mining camp,
and Greenwood in the Boundary Creek j
section. Ten minutes after leaving the '
Half-Way House the horses were scared
by some animal on the trail. They dashed
away and were going down the grade at
a rapid rate before Kirkland could get
them under control. By that time the
heavy coach had attained such a. momen
tum that it was impossible to stop. The
road was narrow and rocky and washed
into deep holes by recent rains. Some of
the passengers tried to jump out, but that
would probably have meant death against
the side of the deep-cut road.
According to the survivors Kirkland
cried out for them all to keep their seats,
that he would get safely to the bottom.
I'nder the great strain some part of the
harness broke, else they would probably
have safely passed the dangerous curve,
but the horses took a fresh start with the
breaking harness snapping against their
flanks. At the point where the stage
went over one can drop a pebble 250 feet
on the brink of Jolly Creek below. The
side of the cliff above the road is a face
of rock another hundred feet up. The
road is very narrow at best, and with the
wild disorder of the runaway horses there
was not a chance of averting disaster.
When an hour later another stage came
along the work of rescue was quickly ac
complished. The horses were found un
derneath the broken wagon and the two
men who were least Injured were lying
twenty feet to one side, where they had
been thrown and rendered unconscious.
The injured people were taken to Green
wood Hospital. Kirkland' s body was
taken back to McKinney. where his fam
ily lives. Both horses were dead when
the rescue party arrived.
Some of the trails are;almost impassable
for even pack animals. • . "What gold is sent
from | Gold - Run, | Hunker , Dominion, Sul
phur, Eureka, Quartz,. Last Chance, Gold
Bottom and other outside creeks comes by
horseback. . ¦ .
MINERS OF KLONDIKE PILE HIGH
FORTUNES IN DUST AND NUGGETS
Camps in the Dawson Region All Astir With Pros
pectors Gleaning Up the Rich Results of .a^
v Season of Toil in Alaska's Treasuries Fields
: The .work of .washing up is in. progress
on all the - creeks, and : all are sending . in
dust. But some 1 of the more remote creeks
are not yet sending much because of the
muddy condition , of the roads or trails.'
The first shipments of dust to the out
side of any consequence will perhaps not
start for a week or two, or until the river
is at a more steady stage and the boats
run more regularly. '.However, there will
be a rush. of people out by the. very , first
boats, . and all wiH carry more or less of
the precious product.
The dust • is ¦ now coming , into Dawson
at the'rate of $30,000 to $40,000 a day. After
two or. three weeks the roads will be Brier
and it will flow in. at a heavier rate.. The
two banks here are busier than they have
been for months buying or receiving* the
dust for storage. 'The big trading compa
nies ' are receiving a great deal of dust in'
payment . for goods advanced to', miners
during the winter. The camp is in a flour
ishing condition and verywhere good feel
ing prevails.
DAWSON, May 21 (via Seattle, Wash.,
June 6).— The spring clean-up season is in
full swing in all parts of the Klondike
camp. Millions of dollars' worth of gold
dust have been washed from the moun
tains like heaps of^pay dirt that were
taken out by : the army of toiling miners
through the long, weary months of wln
,ter.' Within a month $3,000,000 or $4,000,000
/will have^been' taken out and the washing
of the winter dumps will-then be finished.
The spring clean-up of , thei camp is esti
mated at $15,000,000 and the summer output
at $10,000,000. V ; ;
Discrepancy in Charter
Causes a Curious .
W0I Tangle.-
For Three Weeks Adminis
tion of Laws May Not
Special Dispatch to The CalL
; FRESNO. June 6.— Owing: to a discrep
ancy inthe new charter the city of Fres
no seems destined to be without any
government for at least three weeks.
The charter provides that the newly
elected officers shall take their positions
on the 17th of June- • Another section,
however, provides that the charter it
self shall not go into effect until • the
8th of July. .
City Attorney Lannlng says that the
officers serving at present under. the old
charter will lose their positions as soon
as the new officers qualify, which will
be on June 17. The new officers cannot.
however, serve under the old charter,
and are powerless to act until July 8,
when the new charter . goes into effect.
The old • charter will continue in power,
but there will be eo officers to adminis
ter the laws. Several of Fresno's law
yers are , trying to untangle the legal
mudd le. .¦.</„¦ " ; . - "
STAGE PLUNGES
FROM PRECIPICE
Driver Is Killed and
Passengers Fatally
Injured.
FRESNO WILL
LOSE OFFICIALS
AWAIT MILLION
OF OLO FORTUNE
Santa Barbara Residents
Large In- s
~ - heritance.
Romantic Story Told by De
scendants pf a German
v Count. r^;<
: * • ¦ ? — ¦ ¦';¦¦'•¦¦,'.'¦, .'¦¦ ' '
; ' Special Dispatch 'to The Call. '
SANTA BARBARA, 1 June 6.— Miss !
Naomi -Wheelan of I this city and her '
brother, F. H. Wheelari, are about to come
into an inheritance of $1,000,000 r.througn
the expiration of some j German ¦¦. govern- '
ment. bonds.; The. story v is ¦; at ! orice fas- •
cinating and romantic. r It is not along- one '
on the part of the heirs, of the wealth,
but it dates as far back as the middle of ''
the eighteenth century.,.. *, ..' ;
In 1746 Count Von Sitler,' a wealthy and
influential - German,; became- - dissatisfied
with his two sons on account of their re-,
llgious belief. The Count was a devout :
Catholic and the fact that the boys be
came converts to the doctrines of Luther •
was sufficient to cause him to invest his
fortune, in German Government bonds
payau.e at the expiration of ninety-nine ,
years. At the end of that. time the prin- '
cipal and its . accumulations were i to. ..be
divided equally among the lineal descend
ants of the two sons. . . • , : - <V ¦¦'.
The expiration of the term' occurred In
1845. The German Government immediate
ly instituted search for the scattered
heirs, for their name seemed to be legion :
when' the records began -to "be searched.
Not until recently had, all the heirs be
come known. There are 200 of them. The
Count's fortufie has accumulated 1 by in
terest on thejbonds to amount, to" $201), 000,
000, an even million for each heir,
- The connection by which' Miss "Wheelan '
claims right to a share- of the great
wealth is through her mother's side of the
house. A daughter of 6ne of "the Protes
tant sons was the great -grandmother of
Miss Wheelan' s mother.' making- - Mrs.
Wheelan one of the 200 heirs. Mrs.
Wheelan is now dead, but her husband,
son and daughter survive her. Just when 1
the final distribution of the Count's wealth
will be determined is not settled,' but it
is exnected that it will occur before the_
end of the coming "year. Miss Wheelan
has lived here for several years. :
THE \ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ JUNE y 190 1.
Delegates to the Grand Parlor of the Organization
at Sacramento Are Slated for Two Positions
and Yolo's Metropolis Will Be Well Represented
WOODLAND NATIVE DAUGHTERS
WILL BE ACCORDED HIGH HONOS
3
.NEW ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
A DOTJBTHTG THOMAS.
Had TT<« Falling Hair Stopped, and
Dandruff Cured, Without Faith.
H. B. Fletcher, Butte, Mont. Oct.' 20.
1899. says: "Like many other people, I
have been troubled for years with dan-
druff, and within the last few montns my
hair came out so badly that I was com-
pelled to have what I had left clipped
very close. A friend recommended New-
bro's Herplcide. I confess that I doubted
his Btory; but I gave Herplcide a trial;
now my hair Is as thick as ever, and en-
tirely free from dandruff." ."Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." At drug-
gists', $1 00. Herpiclde is a delightful hair
dressing for regular use. ..*
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc. , cured by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J.ESPIC; New York. E.POUQERA&Ca
- . '- • SOLO BV ALL DRUGGISTS
We call this a "Money .for Mothers" sale, : be cause it is a practical money-
saving means for -them. - Instead o{ paying $4.00. for the boy's suit ithey pay. but^
$1.9^, whrch is a. positive saving of more "than two dollars. * -^
The low pricesat this sale are made possible through a fortunate purchase
by u?. We bought E.' J. • Adler', & Co.'s entire sample line I for ' 1901— bought it
at 40c on the v dollar wholesale, and are retailing it to you at the same propor-
tionate reduction^- > V/ j [ ;^
The suits were samples, made up to show Adler's ' goods: necessarily the
making is excellent and the garments first class throughout— stylish, upTto-date, ;
new and desirable. : f -., . • *'
We have divided them into three lots, as follows: •;..;: ;
1 Lot No. 1 contains suits > Lot No., 2 comprises ; suits 'Lot, No. 3 represents suits
• worth" $4.00 and$5.oo, which,, worth 1 $5.50 and $6. 50, which, worth £7.00 and $8.50, which
'will be sold for *; •. . •• will go for ~ are marked/to sell at
-$1.95 |1 |i|p||l $3.95 :
* \ We want mothers to come wiih the full expectancy, of saving -from $2.00 to.
f$$.oo on a ! single suit. ¦ The values are apparent to .any body that has ever, bought
boys' clothes. Suits readily exchanged-or money refunded— we mean it, too.
Box of fireworks free with every suitiup to Jaly 4th.
Boys' overalls, brown and blue, for vacation 'wear, all sizes, 25c a pair. .
; Girls' 'foyeraHsj^^ brown andiblue, r best*material,'45c' : a;'pair. ;'*¦;.''-*
, Boys' negligee or goif shirts, big assortment; 50c.y
•Boys' fedoras and vio^ts/ all shapes and 90c. J
Union-Made Clothing for Men
Unions are strong organizations: They generally- get what they ask for. '. In the manu-
facture of clothing they demand clean, light, airy shops in which* to ; conveniently work; they,
.¦.demanci good ..pay. and a "reasonable number of hours for working^^
ufacturer good, clean, wellTmade clothing, but he has to pay . more for it— no. question about
itj'but he gets his. money's worth.: ? * v :-o v - -
V r% Qur clothing is made}by v union men *in our own workshops. The prices are not higher
than for clothing made by .unskilled] labors^because we save you ."the middlemaxi's profit./ This
mqrethan pays for the increased wages of, unioh meny f " ; ¦ ; ;-, ¦/
; ,; :"See our.military sack;suits at $10.00^box bvercofitsat $7.50 "and trousers at $2.00.
newiilustpatedcata- V""^ / ~***J *& I V^ anything in eloth-"
logue, ¦-"¦¦•'.->' ..-.(^ ¦. . : : . - ¦¦ .."-¦.'..:-..:: -.•"•¦J"-.." r mm TT m ~~ mmmm ' : . ... .^-.iT-.j . in gr, furnishings op
f; /; "Whatto wear." 7 ;.;-. ¦//.., ¦.)}'•'','- T18 VIVTarket^Street.', •. • \?: ? &&;;$t^?^£ ?0)
¦¦':¦; ~r.-.-\:~~'f ¦•"¦¦ vaa»81ii8Byl'lwJwi3^HEB&-:.'-'>T ? --'--". -¦ -.'¦-'.:•- > ¦ * ¦- : •Barley Sugar second. Lady Berkeley third.
Time. 1:52^4. V
Four and a half furlongs'— Miss Lobster won,
Palaster second. Transfer third. Time. :56$4-
Seven and a half furlongs — Winepress won.
Toddy Lade second, , Inf ellce third. Time,
l:«8tt. ,
• Five • furlongs— Soiiprep won, Algle M sec
ond, The Brother third. Time. l:03H
¦ . The slllrworm • cocoon ; ; Is ' from one i inch
to one and a half inches In length and of
a bright yellow. color. : ~:
MEMPHIS, Tenn;, June 6.-In a letter to
a \ friend ~ int this % city .'' Jtim - Scahlan,1 the
Plttsburg middleweight pugilist, says that
he ?.will jirobably i never *$ enter ;; ; the ; rlngr
again. • Scanlan left Hot Springs recently
for San ¦ Francisco ; to ; fight Al" Neil, ¦ but
bedomlng ill, ho left the train at Galves
ton • and .: placed ¦ himself in a physician's
care. .¦¦ ¦¦,••_• .,::V-.-'- : :-' "'•-,¦; : •*•¦ •'. . :-.-> v",' ?>.-" ¦-, ¦
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ ¦ . ¦¦ " ::-:,-:-;.¦¦¦•¦.¦ .• ¦; . ¦• :.i.>,w.
Scanlan Retires \ TSxova. Ring.
. OAKLAND, .June 6.— Fred k C. I Bvaria of
the | Reliance Club | has arranged a '¦ bicycle
race " meet for next Sunday at the Elm
hurst '. track. -.'» The principal • event will be
a: five-mile match-; race between "Jack
Wing of San Jose and I F; G. JWest of the
Bay Wheelmen. -**'! The '-other:* events 1 - Will
be a half-mile ; novice, ¦ two-mile \motpr
cycle I and ' vone-mile ; amateur i : handicap
rac.es. • The 'first;' race will o start., at': 2
o'clock.'' ¦.".'.'¦' -. ; " ¦ >• ,' : - ¦ ,:''•/'. ¦': -uU t- '"•::>;:¦
Bicycle Races^ at "-: Elmhurst.
£ Piano solo, WV B.' Corris; recitation, Herbert
Jenkins; violin solo, .Miss Emma Salter; con
tralto solo,* ' Mrs. H. > M. ' Owens ; selection r by
California-street ,.M. UD.i Church band; recita
tiori, "A Telephone Conversation, '¦¦ Miss MaMe
Hockenbrock ; baritone -. solo, , C. - 3.
euphonium solo » serenzde, t » "Through-.:* the
Leaves", (Schubert); J. .8. .Gosbey; f recitation,
"Advloe; to People," *Margu«Mto Butt;
barytone'' solo, -.Mr.' Ealey;. piano solp, "W. ;E3.
Corrls; address by Rev. 3. A. B._WHsbn.. -.¦-;¦---¦:
The Southern California counties will
group tbeir exhibits in one large circu
lar area. . •
The San Francisco Chorus, a part of the
chorus of 2000 voices which will give the
grand opening concert,* has decided to
visit the Oakland chorus this evening In
order' to hold a joint rehearsal, r As the
date of: the great opening' concert is ap
proaching, the advantage of these com
bined rehearsals will- be apparent to every
member. The music committee urges all
who possibly, can to make their arrange
ments " to v visit Oakland - this : evening.
The rehearsal will be held In ; the main
"audience room of the First \ Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner . Fourteenth and
Clay streets, at 8 o'clock. Those going
from "San Francisco should take , the 7
o'clock broad gauge or the. 7:30 narrow
gauge boat. ; " *
Murray M. "Harris, the builder of the
great Stanford organ, was in the city last
week and . informed Robert S Husband,
chairman • of., the music . committee,"^ that
the finishing .touches are how being put
on the organ, -It will be ready for use at
Los Angeles by the 10th lnst.' That the
organ may be fully tested several recitals
will be given by ¦Prof.^Skeele, a noted or
ganist, of , Los '¦ Angeles. The erection of
the organ in Mechanics' Pavilion will be
gin about June 20 and Mr. Harris extends
to the organists of ¦* San .- Francisco '¦ and
Oakland . a; general invitation • to be pres
ent and 'Inspect • the big instrument dur-"
ing th6 :ptocess of erection. ¦.:-»¦
The ¦ local Epworth Leaguers held S a
rally at the, Howard-street 1 . Methodist
Episcopal Church last night: •. The object
was, to bring the Leaguers into closer re-*'
latioiis and create interest in .the conven
tion. The following waa the. programme:
rendered:'"".' '*¦"• • '•'-.:.?¦* ". ¦ : %• -, V- ¦>'? ;
Excellent progress is being made in
preparations for the . county exhibits . at
the Mechanics' Pavilion during the In
ternational Epworth League Convention.
An adequate and attractive 'display of
the ; resources and products of the State
ia assured, and in a material way this
feature of the convention should prove
the most profitable to the State, possibly,
of all. . . "; , •-, ¦'¦ ¦'¦\-'-\-f< ¦¦-."
. For the most part the expenses of the
exhibits -will be borne by -the Boards of
Trade of the various counties. ;ln a few
instances Boards of Supervisors have
made appropriations; to meet '.'the ex
penses.. , , : v^-' '¦
The Eureka Board of Trade has 'secured
a choice central position among the
spaces allotted and will install ah espe
cially attractive exhibit, of Humboldt
County products. A' section of a redwood
tree twenty-five feet in diameter will be
hollowed out. and' put up as a circular
room to house the exhibit. The furniture
of the room., will all be of polished red
wood burl. ' '
• 11 ( • ¦
State's Resources to Be
Shown to Ep worth
Leaguers.
COUNTIES WILL
SEND EXHIBITS
NEW YORK. June 6.— The winning of Hen
gist at 100 to 1 was the feature of the racing
at Gravesend to-day. The summary is aa fol
lows: • ~ '. i"
* Five furlongs — Smart Set -won, Nugget second.
G. W. Whittier third. Time, 1:01 ' 2-5. .
1 About six furlongs, selling— Hengist, won,
'Bluff Second, 8t>ry-. third. Time, 1:11.
One mile arid one furlong— Ten Candles won,
Andronicus second, Rochester third. Time,
1:53 2-5. •
The Mahhanset stakes, five furlongs-^Dolce
Far. Ntente won. Jack Demund second. Som
brero third. Time, 1:02. : '
-The. Empire fetakes, steeplechase, about two
and a half miles— Passe Tartout won, George
Keene second. Dr. • Eichberg • thirS. . Time,
4:52 2-5. ¦;¦", : . . .- V..".-- ~. ..'' -r.,,.: ,.,.-,„
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Nitrate
won, Olive Mac second. Young Dixon third,
time, 1:48. " - - „
ST. LOUIS," June 6.— The . races I at the : Fair
Grounds ¦ to-day resulted: , v . •
Six 1 furlongs, selling— Robert Jr. won. Free
Girt, second. Silent Friend third. Time, 1:18^4.
> : Five furlongs, selling — Huntressa won, Reap
second, Has Gift third. Time, 1:05%. „*
One mile, selling— Maximus won, Saline ¦ sec
ond, Battus third. Time, 1:47. \,.
Seven furlongs, selling— Ben Frost "won, Per
cy ft. second, Swordsman third. 'Time. 1:32V6. '
I One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Guide Rock
won, Pan Charm second, ¦ Kitty Clyde third.
Time, 1:55%. • • :
Biii furlongs, selling— Jerry Hunt won, Verify
second, ' Alea third. Time, 1:1814.
V.' CHICAGO, ;- June I 6.— The summary of the
races at Hawthorne is as follows: 1 , : .
¦Five and a half furlongs— Aladdin won, Hans
Wagner second, Owehton third. Time, 1:12 &.
•.One hlile. Belling— Odner w6n,,Ell Adack sec
ond, ; Little Elkln third. Time, 1:48%^ ?
. • Six furlongs— The Pride won. Federal' second,
Ecome third, v Time, > 1:18%. : ' . - ¦« =. • ¦
> Turf Congress , handicap, one mile— Caviar
¦won, Wild Pirate second, Bangle third. Time,
l:459i. -. : '- ' • . : -«i .--• -,-, ¦¦ :
-. Oit« mile and ' a ' sixteenth. ' selling—Walken
shaw \ won,' Whitfleld second.% Zacatosa third.
Time, 1:56. -'..¦--,;. :,-. :.;••-?¦ «•• .
"Six furlongs-^If You Dare won, Beauty Brook
second, J Governor : Bayres third.- Time, 1 1:13%:" j
S . CINCINNATI,' June 6.— Following Is a sum
mary of. the Newport events:-. ... ;
: Six ' furlongs," sellings- Anxious won, "Lady
Haytnan second, : Seenatde : third. Time, 1:13%.
. -'Four furlongs— Anna ~A.' r B.~v won',' Ship VAhoy
second. Pearl Ban third. -"Time, :52. - 1- <¦ 1
. • Owners' handicap,: ofle mile, selling— Forbush
won; • Filibuster 4 second, Alberi Vale^ third,
time, 1:45. ¦: '. ¦¦ • ;•• ¦ ¦.¦ -' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ • - ¦
.. i Five ¦. furlongs— Myrtle ¦: Cell • won. ' Foundling
second, ; Corlnne C third.' Tlmi*, 1:04%. :-' ¦::••>• .\-i
Seven furlongs, selling— Banquo II Wdn,-Nan
cy Till second, Marlon LynchUhlrd. Time, 1:32.*
ft tiix furlongs^ ¦¦ selling— Prosit* vrori, :: Havelock
second, Pretty^ Rosle third. : Time, j 1 :17H. - .
« SAMILTONi . Ont.,- : June 1 6.— The following la
, the -summary -of ..to-day's; races: ¦; : .,.; ¦; •_ •.
' . Six furlongs— Racebud won,'" Flying Bess" sec
ond,.Lakevlew^Belle third. ) Time, 1:16ft. s
Seven furlongs— Free Lance won, Parouh b«c
ond.Tyrba .third. X_ Time,} 1:30%. ¦
. >¦ One ;'¦¦ mile t, and a "¦. sixteenth— Montreal * .'¦ won.
HENGIST PROVES A GREAT / ,
STJIUPB1SE AT GBAVESEND
' Flr$t , race— Marlneuse, Sea Spray, Katherine
Ennis. ¦;'- ; • ¦ ' '<-'¦¦¦ .¦'-- ¦.;." / ' •'
I Second race— Priam. Resin, Cathello. -
Third race— Frank Woods, Odd Eyes, . Car-
Ionian. > • ' • .
Fourth race— Master Cal, Triple Cross, The
Gafflr. . . . ' « . ,
Fifth race— Carlo, Royalty, Jarretierre d'Or.
Sixth race— Alicia, Lost Girl. Merops.
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— Mile and 100 yards; four-year-olds
and up; selling: -
(2525)Alicia i....l(W 2565 Einstein Ill
2524 Rinaldo HI 2553 Merops '....Ill
2547 Lost Girl.; 109 . • .
Fifth race— Five and a half furlong?; two
year-olds; handicap: .
(2551) Jarre" trre d'Or.115 2534 Royalty .102
(2544)VasalIo 103 2556 Lento 91
(2556)Carlo .......... .121 2551 Louwelsea, . . . . .117
2544 Torso Maid 103 |
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds; sell
ing:
2553 The Gafflr. 105 2545 Matilda O...,.:103
2545 Thracia 103 2545 Follow Me...... 105
2546 Lucera 103 (2554)Cerro Santa. ...105
2545 Triple Cross.... 103 "2537 Master Cal 105
Third race-^-Slx furlongs ; three-year-olds and
up; selling: - , .
2542 Carlonian ...... 98 2554 SIsquoc ..119
2530 Aurlfera .' 109 2554 Bagdad ;... 119
2559 Sweet Voice 107 2545 Frank Woods. .11!)
2555 Odd Eyes 100 2539 J. Richelieu Jr. 98
2549 Abbyleix X, 113 2530 Yule 109
2542 Tinkle Tinkle.. 96: 2542 Bonitary ....... 96
SUPREME COURT DECIDES
AGAINST MOffEY LENDER
J. Boas Purchases City Salary War
rants Which Prove to Be Gold
; . Bricks.
J. Boas, the iCearny-street money lend
er, can collect nothing from the city
treasurer on salary warrants which he
cashe-1 last June. Such was the decision
given by the Supreme Court yesterday.
Boas failed to persuade Treasurer
Brooks that he should be paid $6307 50,
which was the amount called for on the
salary -jvarrants which he possessed. He
then applied to the courts for satisfac
tion but. his plea was not allowed. A
lengthy petition- brimming- with leg-al lore
was presented to the Supreme Court and
yesterday it was returned, with the brief
but portentous statement, "Writ denied."
It Is alleged that Boas purchased the
warrants for 50 cents on the dollar and
had he been successful In the collection
of them his profit would have been am
ple payment for hip accommodation, but
there is a law to the effect that one
year's debts of the city carmot be paid
out cf the appropriation for another year
and' on that rock the hopes of Boas were
wrecked.
The petition stated that the St. Mary's
Park appropriation of $125,000 could be
utilized in this way, but the Justices de
cided otherwise, and now apparently no
recourse Is left to the money lender but
to avoid such mistakes In the , future.
Fair Will Contest Dismissed.
Judge Troutt made an order . yesterday
dismissing the contest instituted by
Charles L. Fair to the will of his father,
the late James G. Fair. The petition of
Flc-rson & Mitchell for attorney fees for
services rendered on behalf of the execu
tors of decedent's will was taken under
advisement The petition for fees was
opposed by Reuben H. Lloyd and ex-Gov
ernor Budd. both stating- that the demand
lor fees should be included in., the final
account, passed upon by the executors
and later by the court. Judge Troutt said
th;it he would take the petition under ad
visement and announce his decision later.
FRANK ]3RAGG. business manager
of the Marine Engineers' Bene
ficial AsEociatlon, has been miss
ing frorn his home since last
Tuesday mornirg and his family
and friends aro ignorant of his where
abouts.
Bragg- left his house at 110 Stelner street
on the morning mentioned ostensibly to
go to the office of the Association at Mis-
Eion and East streets. He bade his wife
and two children good-by and has failed
to return. • . . • •
Mrs. Bragg dees not appear to.be wor
ried at her husband's disappearance. She
said last night that he was in the habit
of taking short trips into the country,
but she acknowledged that this was the
first time that he had" ever left home
without Informing- her where he was go
ing. When he left the house Tuesday
morning she was under the impression
that he -was going to his business and
would return in the evening as usual.
A peculiar incident in connection with
Bragg's disappearance is the fact that a
deed was filed for record in the Record
er's office the day after his departure
whereby he conveyed by gift to his wife,
RAIDS ON POOL
ROOMS CONTINUE
Police Secure Plenty of
Evidence, but Few
Players.
NEW- YORK, June 6.— The committee
of fifteen poolroom raids were resumed
late to-day through Justice Jerome, [ Col
onel Robert Grier Munroe and.Superin
tendent McCullagh. The Germania As
sembly rooms in the Bowery, were raid
ed without' a prisoner being made,, and
109 West Thirty-seventh .street was
also raided- This place, according to Su
perintendent McCullagh, is run by Frank
Farrell, and he also says that Frank Bur
bridge, a western' man, is a partner of
Farrell. One prisoner was taken In the
Thirty-seventh .street rooms. Justice
Jerome Intimated strongly that the Bow
ery raid was tipped off by the police.
"When Justice Jerome and his party
reached the place they found It in con
fusion and the door locked and barricad
ed. They kicked down the door. A hun
dred men were found in the room but
not one of the six who were wanted
was there. Justice Jerome and the oth
ers picked up a soap box full of articles
for evidence, consisting of racing cards,
racing slips, etc.
. The raid on the 'Thirty-seventh Btreet
house ! was made under ' the direction of
Robert I. Wooley of the committee of
fifteen. Superintendent McCullagh's
deputies had to break their way in. They
found men escaping and men inside. A
man who jumped to the ground from a
window was arrested. Of the men lnsld
one was arrested. Both were released A
quantity of poolroom material was seized
by the raldera as evidence. '
Unidentified Han Drb"wiied.
Tho body of an unidentified man was
found yesterday morning • floating in the
bay near Lombard' street wharf. Most
of the features were gone, the body hav
ing been in the water two or three weeks.
It was that of a man about middle age,
with brown hair and "light complexion.
five feet rlne inches tall and .of medium
build.- The coat, vest arid . trousers were
of black serge, with overcoat of the same
material. The underwear was of white
cotton and the neckwear consisted of a
stand-up cdllar.and black tie. A silver
•watch and chair, were found on the body;
"FT.T.A "WOOD HANCOCK *
PRESENTS TTFR PROOFS
Tells Detailed Storyj on Witness Stand
of Husband's Escapades With
. ' I*el Wescott
Ella "Wood Hancock's suit for divorce
from Robert J. Hancock . was placed on
trial before Judge ' Seawell yesterday
morning. Owing to Mrs. Hancock's aver
sion to telling ' in public the story . of the
many escapades she alleges her husband
enjoyed in the company of Mrs. Lei Wes
cott-the case was tried with closed doors.
Mrs. Hancock was placed on the stand.
She reiterated the story of how her hus
band met Mrs. Wescott while she 'was
singing in a church- choir and how' finally
their actions became so notorious that
both were expelled from the church: The
story of -'their subsequent relations was
told in detail by Mrs. "Hancock, who was
corroborated by J. T. Kewish and Edward
S. Fowers. The case was then placed on
the reserved calendar, pending the settle
ment of the property rights of the liti
gants. ¦'.-¦- ''"..';¦- * ' •'. ,
Expert Kerr Shows a Variance.
Mining . Engineer Mark B. Kerr. was
turned dver to Curtis H. LJndley yester
day for cross-examination in the United
States Court in the Grass Valley mining
cases. Mr. Llndley drew from the wit
. ness the admission that " there was a va
riance of 4d degrees .in some instances be
tween his- mathematical projections of
mineral veins in the Pennsylvania mine
and the position of the same veins when
they emerfi-ed Into view on the surface
Mr. Llndley will resume the cross-exami
nation this morning.
Hoses Sues Sons for Support.
, C:\Moses, • who states that he. is a
"widower; 86 years of age, infirm and un
able to work, has sued his sons, Marcus
and AdolpH ; Moses, for . maintenance and
support. * Marcus- Moses -conducts'- a fur
business at" 027 Market Btreet I and ' Adolph
Motes a " fur ¦ business at S59
Market • street. . -The plaintiff < says both
his sons are amply able to assist him and
he asks for. a judgment" compelling them
to provide for him with proper and de
cent support. . .;¦;. ;i ¦;.;.«;;.. v
1 • . .*!.¦"¦ * " • ' ' ' ! ¦ ¦ I."'-"'"-' x i ¦¦¦"","¦..
Commissioner Hennessey Sinking.
. Railroad Commissioner, T.. J. Hennessey
of Missouri, who has been seriously 111 at
the Palace: Hotel 'since his. arrival in. the
city, was in a" very critical condition last
night. It .was'decided to remove 1 him to
the Waldeck, and he was taken there in
an ambulance. " ~ He : has J &< serious ! attack
of pneumonia and the ¦ physicians hold
out email hope of ' his ' recovery.- , .'-.•>•
Sarah A. Bragg, the lot on the south
west line of Iilaih ¦ street,' 220 feet south
east of Folsom, southwest 137:6 by '30.
The property at 110 Stelner street where
the family resides is also his property.
Bragg's -friends are making every effort
to ascertain his whereabouts. They say
his family life was of the happiest and
there was no occasion for him to leave
home. Bragg is a member of the Ma-
Eonlc order, in which he has always been
held in ¦ high repute. .
OFFICIAL OF" MARINE ENGI
NEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO
CIATION, WHO IS MISSING.
To-Day's Entries.
JRirst race— Six , furlongs; three-year-olds and
up;, selling:
2198 Kath. Ennls.;.lC6 2530 Enjoyment 107
2542 Pidalia 107 2559 Homestake ....109
2523 Sea Spray.. illl 2554 Commuter 101
8542 Marineuse 98 2518 San Augustine. Ill
2514 Pongo Ill 2344 Lilly Diggs 96
2483 Arion 98 2554 Ravino 98
Second race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse: ; ...
2531 Cathello 107 2548 Addle D... 107
2165 Sylva Cruz 110 2495 Priam 107
2538 Post Bell 107 2515 Arthur Ray.... HO
2441 Hard Night.... ;110 2495 Cousin Sue.... ..107
2588 Dawson 107 "2513 Resin 110
....Sleeping Chlld.107 2119 Rbt , Bonnet n. 107
2464 Sue Robinson. .107 .. f./i :
Track Notes.
The Terba Buena stock farm will hold a
sale this evening of choice standard and
registered trotting 1 horses at the Occi
dental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard
street. • ¦
THE favorites were buried beneath
the ¦ deep sea yesterday on the
Oakland race course and ' long
shots touted and untouted rolled
, in to satisfy a f ew \bettors and
warm the hearts of the slate rubbers. The
game opened with the smoothiiome-coin-
Irig of Harry 'Thatcher at lengthy odds.
This was followed up by other outsiders
and for a time It looked as if the favorites
would find a pasture in the Infield..
Harry Thatcher, as good as 23 to 1 onvthe
slates, was none too gentle a surprise in
the first race. #It was all Ping from" one
end of the ring to the other,, but Ping did
not figure in the race, the show being the
best that Stuart could get on this favorite.
Thatcher, Armstrong up, took the lead
early in the race and never lost it. Rainier,
Hazard astride, another long shot, cap
tured the place. Novia and Hohenlohe,
two other favored ones, < strolled in for
nothing. . - . * ..-;¦¦
Sylvan Lass at 10 to 15 Prior doing the
steering, ambled in in the second race
over one mile and fifty yards. Mamie Hil
dreth, favorite at 7-5, , finished sixth in a
field of seven. Lass darted out after the
first turn and was never headed, First
Shot working up from fifth to the place on
the stretch. Burdoc finished third, but
Wa3 disqualified for Interfering and Kas
talne was given the show. ¦
Cousin Carrie, at all prices In the ring
from 15-1 to 10-1, was touted as the winner
in the third number on the • programme,
the live furlong event. Until the stretch
; was reached Cousin was a popular mem
ber of the family, but then Maresa and
Catherine Bravo shot out, drawing Hom
age, the favorite, with them. Homage,
Armstrong up, won the first honors at the
wire, Catherine Bravo coming In for the
place and Maresa the show.
Huachuca and Sndwberry were equal
choices for • the five furlong race for 2
year-olds and both finished within the
money, but neither took the purse. . That
was left for Divina, on whom the books
gave odds, as good as 15 to 1. Coming, up
like the wind Divina just beat out
Huachuca, who was ridden poorly. /
Gaylon Brown, Fauntleroy up; Gusto,
piloted by Guiterrez, and Mike Rice with
Armstrong in the saddle, started a fast
clip up the bafck stretch in the fifth race,
Hoar on Princess Titania* the favorite,
holding back until Well in the stretch.
When. the Princess passed the. bunch and
won out, Gaylon Brown getting the place
and Gusto, on whom there was some play,
the show. . " v
Spike, 4% to 1, rolled in for the purse and
first money in the last race^ Soon after
the first turn — the race was /over one and,
a sixteenth miles— Sur.ello, in no con
dition to race, fell, throwing Guiterrez
against the fence. Then they all strung
out, Spike going to an untouchable front.'
The procession ended: Spike, first; Pat
Morrissey second and Sriips, the. favorite,
third. Guiterrez was carried to the hos
pital and remained unconscious for some
time. The doctors said last night that he
i would be all right on the morrow. *
Quick Work on the Constitutibii.
NEW YORK, June 6.— W. Butler Dun
can Jr. - arrived ? from ' Newport to-fiight
with the information that the \ Constitu
tion- would' be; ready ¦ for the trial ¦ raceiS
with the Columbia within two weeks.
Secretary Oddie stated that In all likeli
hood the first i of ¦ the races between : the
CcLstltutlon arid Columbia would be held
on : the ¦ 25th of ¦ June. ¦ This : will ¦ make a
delay of but a little over a week in- be
ginning the schedule of trial races on ac
count t bf the dismantling of the Constitu
tion. . -• \: :¦'¦-;::• ¦--..: '¦ . .. ':' "."¦. : ' •-.¦.
Totals .......30 1 6- 0 24 9 3
. : RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
los Angeles..".!.... ...... 0 0 0 3 2 6 0 !0 '• — 3
Bas-e hits ....Ovl 0 2 2 110 «— 7
Sacramento ..100 0 0 0 0 . 0 0— 1
Base hits...... .........2 1 0 .0 02- 00: 1—0
• summary. ; *."¦_ •;•;¦¦ •/''
Runs, responsible for — Jones 1. Home run —
Kelly. Two base hit— Reilly. First • base on
errors — Los Angeles 1, ; Sacramento 1. First
base oil called • balls— Sacramento 2, , Los An
geles 2. Left on bases— Los Angeles 5, Sacra
mento 4. Struck l out— By Jones 3, . by ¦ Strick
lett 2. | Hit ¦ by i ' pitchei^-Reilly— Double plays
— Reitz to Hutchlnson, Reit x to Hutchinson to
Kelly. . Passed ball— White. Time of game—
1:23. Umpire— J. , O'Connell. ' Official scorer—
Rutherford." . , ' .'v.--' , : "
Totals ..............31 6 7 4 27 11 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Devereaux, s. ....... 3 1 10 2 1" 0
McLaughlin, 1. f..... 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Courtney. 2b 4,0 2.0 "4 . 1 0
Doyle,' rt 4 0 1 0 '3 C 0
McGucken, c. t 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, lb 1 0- 0 0 7° I 0
Strlcklett, p.....;.;.. 3 0 1 0 2 3 0
Sheehan, 3b.. » 0 6 0 8 2 1
White, c.... .......... 3 0 0 0 3-13
Sacramento Players Defeated at the
Capital in a Good Game.
SACRAMENTO, . June 6.— Los Angeles
checked the victorious career of Sacra
mento to-day ' and won the game by a
score of 5 to 1. Stanley was crippled with
a bad thumb and White, was given , his
first chance. The young amateur, caught
a' good game, but his muff of Reitz's foul,
a passed ball and' his wild throw, to. third
let in five runs and lost the game which
should have been ltd nothing In favor
of Sacramento. The features of the game
were Bowman's work in left, Reit? at
second and Brockhoff's running catch of
McLaughlin's long hit, that would have
been good for a home run. The game
was snappy and. was played in one hour
and twenty-three minutes. Score: . , . .
LOS ANGELES.
,AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. K
Brockhoff. r.°f. 4 0 1 0 1,0 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 1 1 1 0 0
Rellly. 3b .....3 1 1 11 0 0
Spies, c. ............. i 1 1 1 4 3 1
Hutchineon, lb.. 4 0 0 0 10 10
ReiU, 2b ..; 3"1 1 1 6 5 0
Kellr, b. b.. .......;.. 4 120110
Bowman. 1. f. ....... 3 00 03 0.0
Jones, p 2 0 0 0 0 11
' LOS ANGELES STCE WINNEB.
Runs, responsible for— Evans, . 2. Two-base
hits — Graham,-^ Dunleavy, Lohman. Sacrifice
hits — Hildebrand, Graham, Drennan. First
base oh errors — San Francisco 4, Oakland 1.
First base oft . called balls— San Francisco 1,
Oakland 1. Left oh bases— San Francisco 5,
Oakland 8. Hit by pitcher— Lohman. Double
plays-r Moore to Lohman to Streib; Krug-to
Sch warts to Pabst; Schwartz to Krugr to
Pabst. Time of game— 2 hours. Umpire— Tyler.
Official scorer— McFarlin. -*
SUMMARY.
Total.. '.....35 6 7. 1 27 17 2
OAKLAND.. V.
' , , AB R BH SB PO A E
Dunleavy, If .:....*. 4 13 l 10 1
Drennan, cf 4 0 0 0 100
Streib, lb ...3 0 2 0 10 0 0
Moskiman, rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 40 20- 6 2' 1
Francks. ss 4 0 0' 0 140
Moore. 3b ........... 4 0 0 0 1 4 2
Lohman, c 3 1 2. 0 2 2 1
Babbit, p ..4 2 111 4 0
Decker, lb .......... 2 0 1 0 4 1 0
Total v86 4 11 2 27 17 5
. RUNS. AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco... .....^,.6 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—6
Base hits ... ....13 11 0.0 0 0 1—7
Oakland .:.....; .."00 1" 0 2" 0 0 0 1 — 4
Base hits 10 3 13 0 12 1— il
Gentle, Zephyrs Play Havoc
'With the Ball and
Spectators.
Uncle Henry's aggregation won in a
cloud of dust" yesterday tat Recreation
Park. The wind blew the diamond Into
the grandstand and but for the benches
the players might have finished the game
among , the spectators. An elongated
young man named Tyler; who halls from
the South, umpired the came and judging
from the kicks . made at his decisions he
must have caught considerable of the
flying dust' in his eyes. .
The Dutchmen won their game in one
inning. It was in the second that they
rolled up the six runs that gave them a
victory. Cal Bwing's buncn of Dudes be-;
came afflicted with stage fright and be
fore the agony Was over six "Germans
crossed the rubber. The locals started out
auspiciously by getting three men on
bases. A double play, however, spoiled
their opportunity and they had to wait
until the next inning. In the second three
hits, four errors and a base on balls did
the trick. Six runs were scored and the
young man who pulls the bell tired of his
Job before he finished stroking the metal.
Oakland settled down after the dis
astrous inning and . played good ball.
Time and again they had men on bases,
but failed. to do anything rash. Four runs
were all they, could score and these tal
lies were made with hard effort.
Babbit^ pitched a good game, but his
support was ragged. Moore tried hard to
play circus with the ball and he almost
succeeded. His juggling of the sphere
would have won hhn applause In a vaude
ville house, but only gained him jeere from
the spectators at the game. The zephyrs
played havoc with the ball. A high fly
would be carried out of reach and the un
fortunate fielder could only retrieve It.
Streib hurt his finger near the close of
the game and Mr. Decker of the old world
was put in to guard the initial sack.
Decker forgot his "Charley-horse" and
played good ball. Evans pitched an in
different game. At times he seemed to
possess speed, but ofter.er he would, ease
up and the Oakland batters would land on
the ball for keeps. Mr. Evans was non
plused by Cal Ewing's protests. against
his style of pitching. Ewlng claimed that
Evans put both feet forward at once and
to mollify the manager Evans anchored
one foot in the box. Following is the
score : ¦ '
. BAN FRANCISCO. .' .
„,„ .- ¦ AB R BH SB PO A E
Hildebrand, If V 4 1 10 10 9
Schwartz, 2b ........ 5,1 2 0 4-8 X
Krug, ss 4 1 11 3 5 0
Pabst, lb ¦.».?.•. 4, 0 1 0 12 0 0
McCarthy, cf 40 0 0 2 0 1
Croll. rf 4 10 0 2 10
J. Rellly, 3b ..." 4 10 0 1-8 *0
Graham, c 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Evans, p 3 1 1 0 10 0
Uncle Hank's Players
Defeat the Dudes \
in Good-Style;
Leaders land
another game
Stewart Brown, Toby Bearwald, Arthur La
franchi, Charles O'Connor. Robert Cunning
ham, Oscar Peterson, Fred H. Bammann,
Thomas .F. Mulcahy, George Sammy Jr.,
James H. C. Caley, Frank Laux, William J.
Peters, Wallace E. Stuhr, Fred S. Ballinger,
Peter Sarsfleld. John F. Allen. William J.
Glover. Charles H. -Logan, Toku Takata,
Leonard Thomas, Frank Bombinski, August
Headman. Sylvester Trobock, Joseph Haley,
Daniel Jamieson, William Healey, Dennia
Campbell, Ray V. Nanscawen, Alfred V. Glrat,
Carl Beckman. William A, Mahood, F. W.
Reid, Charles P. Keefe. Eugene J. Egan, Wil
liam Theller, David Campbell, William Graves,
'.Stanley Lewln, Preston S. Stone, George
Wiener, William Betts, C. Koshimoto, Alfred
R. Stevens. Arthur Pickering, William Winter.
'Marcus Hollzer, Vincent P. Maher, William
Nelson. Arthur Aitchison. Joseph H. Johnson,
Alven Martin, Anton Schmltz, Bennett Ham
mond, H. G. Leilich, Charles L. Turner, Hor
ace Conyers. Samuel Heitnan, Chris Mues, Ed
gar. Snell. Charles A. Wlckstrom, 1A. W. Reed
and William J. Keenan.
The reception committee consisted of
the following: named:
Louis F. Erb, William J. Keenan. Arthur
Johannsen, A. "WV Read, Thomas E. Johnston,
Eugene Fontes. Arthur Lewis, Sylvester Tro
boek. Alfred R. Stevens, Grant B. Shipley,
William Theller, Wallace M. Hussey, William
Davis. Robert L. Roberts, James S. Egan.
Ray Barkhurst, Robert Cunningham, Horace
Conyers, Charles L. Turner, Clinton H. Stan
bridge. Andrew A. Moran and Herman G.
Cramerdlng.
Certificates Granted.
Certificates in the drawing department
-'were issued to the following named:
Middle class, scientific and literary— Fred
Braun, Thomas W. Forsyth, Walter Marshall.
George J. Presley. Albert Brown, Norah E.
Gyle. Thomas J. HcKeon, L. B. Shipley, Eu
gene Fontes. Miss Stella Lambert, Richard T.
Onyon. Clinton H. Stanbridge.
Literary juniors — Annie L. Bergland, Nellie
Doty, Victor L. Hoffman, Robert L. Roberts,
Herbert Carrasco, Leo A. Farren, Arthur
Lewis. George J. Rogers, John H. Stendebach.
Robert Druhan, C. Edward Hammond, Jesse
E. Miller, Frank Shaughnessy.
Scientific Juniors — Robert Baines, Daniel J.
Delaney, Bert Grant, Andrew A. Moran,
Arthur Bird, Jacob Ehrllch, Frank B. John
ston. Rachten M. Mural, Klshirb Yanaglwara,
William Davis, Albert T. Gillespie, Lorenzo p.
Luck. Nicholas F. Xusbiura.
Diplomas, Medals and
Promotions for Faith
ful Pupils.
Humboldt Evening School
Holds Its Closing
Exercises.
»
The closing exercises of the high school
and drawing departments of the Hum
boldt Evening: School took place last
evening at the Girls' High School build-
Inp at Scott and Geary "streets. - An in
teresting programme had been arranged
by the principal of the school, L. Taaffe,
which included the following:
Introductory remarks by Superintendent
Webster;- cornet solo by Georse Rugre; recita
tion by Louis Davidson; eongr by the Ninth
Cfr*fle Quartet: an essay on "Technical Edu
cation" by Preston fi. Stone; sons by the
Evening 1 School Quartet; debate. In which Bert
««rant. Norman Pendlcton, Kobert Balnes.
Thomas \V. Foreyth, L. B. Shipley and George
3 1. Presley took part; barytone solos by George
J. Rorers; recitation by Miss Pearl Graham;
Honss by Miss Christine Jjb. Barraque; essay
by John H. Stendebacli; pong by.Georpe J.
Wallace, assisted by the. Columbia Quartet;
valedictory by E. Wallace Borough; sons by
the Evening High School Quartet; presentation
of diplomas and an address by School Director
Uenman.
The graduates in the senior class of the
high school department were the follow
ing named:
E. Wallace Boro-urh, Charles .Baer. Wallace
M. Hi-asey. Thomas E. Johnston. Walter P.
J^aufcctergr. Otto C. Petersen, Thomas Rolph,
Lionel R. Thibault.
The ninth grade graduates are:
Laura E- Barnes. Pearl Graham. Ida L.
Jackson, Bertha A. JCuster. Ciiristine New
.haus.Thef*. E. Beckman, Albert R. S*. Conies,
H. G. .Ccamerdlng, Jacob P. Crown, Louis G.
Davidson, Jarries F. Egan, Arthur M. Els
felder, Morrii! is. Epstein* Wlndell H: Fay.
Harris Ginsberg, Allan J. Hayes, Rudolph E.
Heener. August Klein. J>eon Klvi, Harry C.
Lxidtn, Jcssph J. Mahoney, Joseph S. Moriatti,
Henry J. Necer, Oscar M. Pollack. Albert
Qaafle. Cataldus P. Ryan, Lawrence B. Sllver
j-teln, Harry J. Stevenson. Otto J. Thelen, John
M. Verdenal, Samuel C. Warrinston.
Award of Medals.
Medals were awarded to Ida L». Jack
son. Joseph J. Mahoney and Samuel C.
Warrington.
Promotions were announced as follows:
STUDENTS GAIN
THE REWARDS
Frank Bragg Leaves His Family Last Tuesday, Os
tensibly to Go to His Business Office, but Fails
to Return or Send Word of His Whereabouts
, - - • ¦ . '¦ . i. :•>.'•,¦•.' It..'- - I ' " --¦••. " * ¦ _?_
MARINE ENGINEERS SECRETARY
IS MISSING FROM HIS HOME
OPPOSE FIGHTS
ON THE FOURTH
Supervisors Order the
Date of Exhibition
Changed.
LONG SHOTS HAVE A MERRY TIME
BEATING THE HOT FAVORITES
Harry: Thatcher at 25 tol Starts' theWild Race
and Spike at 5 to :l Comes In for the' Purse
in Last Event— Two Favorites Land the Money
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
National Sporting Club Is
Granted Permit for
August
The Police Committee- of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday that the
San Francisco Athletic Club would have
to change the date of Its boxing exhibi
tion which has been scheduled for July
4. Ihe committee decided that If the
club does not agree to change the date
before next Monday's meeting of the
board its license will be revoked.
Reed opposed this action, contending
that as the" club had already made ar
rangements for its exhibition on Inde
pendence day It should not be disturbed.
Stafford, however,' spoke strongly against
allowing the day to be disgraced by fistic
contests.
""We cannot afford to demean ourselves
before the community by being a party
to the desecration of a day that is dear
to every true American," said Stafford.
Tobin agreed with Stafford, and the in
hibition against fighting on July 4 was
extended to Include amateur clubs.
The National Sporting Club was grant
ed a permit for a boxing exhibition In
August. The applications of the Twen
tieth Century Athletic Club and the San
Francisco Athletic Club to give contests
In September went over for one mqnth.
Reed and Stafford are in favor of giving
the permit to the first named club, as un
der the rotation rule it Is entitled to ths
privilege. Reed, however, favors the San
Francisco Athletic Club, because It came
later in the fistic field. Manager Gleason
was informed that he could go ahead
with his negotiations for September, pro
viding the exhibition of the Twentieth
Century Club fully complies with the or
dinances.
EIGHT FAST BOUTS.
Successful Fistic Exhibition Given by
the Hayes Valley Athletic Club.
Nearly 2000 ring-goers filled the Mechan
ics* Pavilion Annex last night and en-
Joyed the boxing exhibition given by the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club.
Jockey Bennett had little trouble get
ting a decision over John Mahoney. The
latter t had shaky knees and every tlmo
Bennett unsluns his fists Mahoney would
drop to the floor.
Eddie Hanlon defeated plucky Barney
Driscoll in three rounds. Ted "Wolff
gained a well earned decision over Pets
Magee-after rour rounds of heavy fight
ing. J. Schilling knocked out Harry Bow
ers in the second round. Lieutenant Bird
sail stopped the contest between George
Elite and Joe Peterson, as the former
was being badly punished. John Moran.
boxer, knocked out John Sullivan, slug
ger, in two rounds. Frank McConnell had
little trouble in subduing a lanky youth
named 'Warren. Two rounds sufficed to
do the trick. Frankle Neil proved him
self a capable fighter by defeating Harry
McLaughlln In two rounds. There are
few lads at Neil's weight who can give
him a battle.
On Thursday evening next the San
Francisco Athletic Club will give its reg
ular monthly exhibition. Manager Greg
gains has prepared the following card:
Barney Driacoll vs. Pete Carroll, Harry Mc-
Laugrhlln vs. Jockey Bennett. Joe Broadshaw
vs. Frank McConnell. Jack Kenny vs. Billy
Murphy, Hush Friel vs. Jack "Wilson. Billy
McDonald vs. Billy Stewart. "W. B.- Sloat vs.
Cyclone Kelly.. Billy Toy vs. Pete Coleman.
William Dillon, a Lonely Old Recluse,
' Found Dead in His Neglected
Bed- •
Though he had thousands to> hfa credit
In the bank. .William Dillon preferred to
live like a miser, and he died In his bed
in a filthy room in the rear, of his uphol
stery shoe at 934 Folsom street yester
day morning, alone and forgotten by
every one. , , .
The miser had kept his little shop on
Fclsom street for a great many year3.
He did not do -much business, nor did he
make i friends with any of his neighbors.
He lived the life of a recluse and no ono
krew anything more about him than that
he was supposed to have plenty of money,
no relatives and no- friends.
He died from age and neglect and the
¦want of proper nourishment. When hl3
store was not opened as usual In the
morning, his neighbors started an inves
tigation and found him in his bed dead.
The Coroner was notified and the body
removed to the Morgue. In his room waa
found a will left by his brother. Thomas
Dillon of Philadelphia, devising to him
several thousand dollars. He also had
barkbooks that show deposits amounting
to $15,000 'and he had stock in several
l&Tge corporations in this city which will
bring his fortune close to 120,000. He waa
75 years old.
THOtJGH HE HAD THOUSANDS
HE LIVED LIKE A wtct.ti
Charles Ferguson delivered a lecture
Ia3t night In the Academy of Sciences
building- under the auspices of the Social
Democratic party on the "Religion of
Democracy." The speaker traced the
history of Democracy, enumerated Its
principles and explained how he thought
they might be applied to alleviating the
miseries and oppressions ¦ of the human
race. _
Speaks on Democracy.
OAKLAND BACKTRACK— Thursday,
June 6, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast. ,
256O. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongrs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Ihdex, Horse, Wt, Jockey. Bt. #. Str. Fin.
2557 Thatcher, 4, U9..Armstg 4 - 2 ltf 1 K 1 %
2547 Rainier, 6. 121.... Hazard 5 3h !S 214
2523 Ping. 6.- 106....... ~.. Stuart 1 4 % 5 1 3 2\i
2528 Hohenlohe, 6, 115.. ..Ruiz 6 6 10 4 1 4 1%
2532 Devereaux, 4, 110... Alex 2 1 & » V» • 5 2
2559 Novla, 6, 110..;.Guiterrez 7 5% 82 6 1^
2549 Sen. Matts. 5, lO6.Tullett 3 7 1 ( 1
Time— %. ,:13; %. :24; %, :49%; %. 1:15^4; Ti.
1:28%, Good start. Won ridden out. Second
and third driving. Winner, W. Johnson's b.
g.. by imp. Pirate of Penzance-Miss Lexington.
Harry Thatcher displayed Startling Improve
ment. • Pins ran a very bad race; he was
rated behind. Rainier ran a nice race. Dever
eaux stopped badly. . , ' ¦ • ,
Betting— Harry Thatcher, 25; Kalnler, 30;
Ping, 3-2; Hohenlohe, 18-5; Devereaux, 13; No
via, 3; Senator Matts. 12. ,
25G1. SECOND RACE— Mile and '50" yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index.- Horse, 1 wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2547 Sylv. Lass, 5. 121... Prior 6 13 3 12 14
234S F. Shot, 4, 119.Guiterrez 5 4 l'j ( n 2 %
2529 Burdock, 4. 119.Armstmg 4 2 h* 3 % *3
2549 Kaatalne, 5, llL.AIexndr 7 7 6 5 4 Vi
2519 La. Calma. 3.: 92..;. Butler 2 5 Vi 5 3 5 3
2516 M. Hildreth. 3, lC2.Hoar 3 1 h 2 h 8 15
2506 J. ¦Welch, 4, 110 Lynch 1 6 8 7 7
•DisqualiflSd , for fouling and placed last.
Time-so yards, :03%; «. :24V4: %.-:43%; %.
1:15;, mile, 1:42^4; mile and 50 yards, 1:45%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Cloupek's b. m.. by Suri
nam-Ban Lassie. Sylvan Lass had all, the/
speed, from the half and won easily at the 1
finish. First "Shot was outrun first part, but
closed stoutly. Burdock Interfered with Mamie
Hildreth near the finish and was disqualified.
.- Betting— Sylvan Lass, 10; First Shot. 9-2; Bur
dock, 7; Kastalne, 15; La Calma, 4; Mamie Hil
dreth, 7-5; John Welch. 100.
2562. /THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-oids; purse, $300. .
/ili^TT Hors e. Wt. Jockey.' iBtS %. Str. Fin.
(2546) Homage,- 113.. Armstrong 4 !< h 3 n . 1 h
|2«2 S* th - Bravo > «3..«.:Ru1z 13 3 4 1 2 3
'"5* *?aresa, 110.....Bassing;er 3 2 W, 2 % 3 2
0 " 8 n ,^ r " e ' «0-Ftlry 2 1 % 1 h 4 3
,2500 Parslfal.>112.;..Gulterrez 5 3 20 5 5
..«: A. Polloekj 105. . Alexnder 6 « • N ...
:25; %, :49%; %."l:15^. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner O. P Ro
migh's ch. f., by Take Notlce-Hoolou. 'Pulled
up. Cousin Carrie a little short; with . this
race In her she would have won. Catherine
Bravo was carried wide In stretch, or she
would have won. Homage finished very
gamely. . ' ¦ .'¦'-« .
Betting— Homage, 13-10; Catherine Bravo. 9-2;
M^resa,. 2; Cousin Carrie, 10; Parsifal. 10; Allen
2363. FOURTH RACE-Five furlongs; two
year-olds: purse, $3C0.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. « Fin
2E2S Divina. 115. ..J. McCarty 5 3 % » H 1 H
2544 Huachuca. 118.. Guiterrez 4 4 2 2 % 2 1
•2528 Snowberry. 115.Alexandr 2 5 % 4 V, 3 4
2348 Flattered, 107 Hoar 3 7 fc S» ()
15™ ? orous . U8. ...Armstrong 9 2 n 6 1 5 m
2490 Achilles, 118.. Rul» 18 1 7 % 6 1
2548 You You, 107...BassingerlO 10 9% 71
(2o48)Lady Carlo. 115... Stuart 7 12' 1? 8 6
24C6 P. Crlmmins. llS.Bergren 8 61 5 2 9 10
2513 Discovery. 110.... Tamplln 8 ° 1 -10 - 10
Tlme-H. :12H: %> :24%; %. :48%; %, l:0L
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
A. J Stemler & Co.'s br. f..by Imp. Bassetlaw-
Angelique. Divina outgamed Huachuca. Snow
berry shy on speed. Porous had speed first
part Lady Carlo blew up after leading 1 to
stretch. Scratched— HaLnault 113. Marelio 110
Royalty 115. .
• Betting— Divina, 10; Huachuca. 7-2; Snow
berry,, 13-5; Flattered, 40; Porous. 15; Achilles:
\'k "^. u You ' 8; Carlo, 7; Phil Crimmins,
40; Discovery, 300. ,
2564.- FIFTH. RACE— Six- furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse-. $300. '
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St V*. Str. 'Fin.
. 2516 Press Titania, 3,'96.Hoar 6 4 h 2 112
2539 Gayl. Brown. 3, 98.Faunt 2 12 1 1U 2 IV,
.2526 Gusto, 4. 103....Guiterrez 3 2 1 3 2 3 1V4
2543 Mike Rice, a," 113. Armgtg 1 3% 41 4 4
2471 Mount. Dew, 5, 106.Tullet 4 7 5 1% 5 \%i
2546 Clarando, 5. 106.Alexandr 762 62 65
2541 S. of Tarsus, 4, 107.Bassr 5 5 2 ' 7 "7
1 Tlme-%. :24M; Y t . :49; %, l:14%.^Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving, win
ner, Caesar Young's br. f. by Imp. Massetto-
Queen Titania. Princess Titania outclassed her
field. ¦ Gaylon Brown ran a nice race He had
plenty of speed and stuck on well. Saul of
Tarsus Interfered with some on backstretch.
Betting— Princess Titania. 8-5; Gaylon Brown
18-5; Gusto, 7; Mike Rice, 40; Mountain Dew.
100; Clarando. 8; Saul of Tarsus, 16-5. ¦ • '
25G5. SIXTH RACE^-Mile and a ilxteenth;
selling:; four-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str Pin
2535 Spike. 4. 107.. ».... Stuart I i 1» l J 12*
2547 P. Morrlssy. a, 107.Alxdr 5 2 4 2 3 2 2
(2529)Snlps, a. 105 Hoar 7 3 3 3n 3 6
2535 Lena, a, 105 Farrell 4 5 V 2 5 4 4 3
(2319) Position, 4, 107..Fauntlry 3 4 4 4 1 5 4
2547 Einstein, 6. 107..BassIngr 3 8 4 6 5 6 6
2514 S. Danenb'm. 4, 107.Brgn 17 7 -7
2525 Sunello, 4, 107.. Guiterrez 8 Fell ... ...
Tlme-1-16 :07; tt;.:25; K. :4SU: %. 1:14; mile.
1:4O%;,1 l-16m.l:47^. Good start Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, C. W
Chappell's ch. g. by Prince Koyal-Sallle Mc-
Allister. Spike had air the speed of the field
and made them dizzy chasing- him. Pace too
hot for Morrissey. Snips Went to the post sore
and ran a bad race. Scratched— RlnaJdo 107.
Betting— Spike, 9-2: Pat Morrissey. 11-5-
Snips, 11-10; Lena, 8; Position, 50; Kinstein.
25; -Sam Dannenbaum, 200; Sunello, '
TH JOi y S^Wn^GJsWW(QAjM^ .fS^'Mi^BOl.-
4
¦ _ . - - • . ¦ ¦ v ¦ . . ¦ - . .¦¦•.•¦ . ¦ . ¦- - .
, * . It is not 'only the price that has made our $1.30 hat so popular. A
great deal is^ due to.the great variety of the hats as regards shape and
color. -Now, you can ¦ have the de'rbys ! and fedoras in many different
-,' proportions, Selecting, one to conform with your features. ': Then there
¦ • is the Graeco'andthe yiolet^both soft hats that are worn by many
• Of [ course the derbys come only. in black and. brown, but the soft hats'
• ; can be . had , in most aily color that • is '; ever chosen for hats, from the
black down to. the lightest pearl. ':* Furthermore, the hats are all uniorr""
made. exclusive hatter's -price 'for the , same hat is $3.00; We
. would like to have you find thi»*6ut for yourself. ;
- ; Out-of^ own orders filled— write us. -
; 718 Market Streetthorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both p'Faces.
FRIDAY, JUNE 7.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when "a
minus ( — ) si^n precedes the height, and then
the pumber given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
¦
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
At the' bankrupt sale of shoes * you can
get your ladies' shoes that are worth $3 00
for 75 cents a pair. Mind you,, only this
week,' and every pair will be gone at the
bankrupt shoe sale of the California Shoe
Company, 1506 Market street, above City
Hall avenue . • . , •
1506 Market Street.
' Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce. U. S. N..-Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco CaL
June 6, 1901. : , , . • .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building. wac dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e,, at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.; Greenwich time.
» . . J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. retired, in charge. '
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times find Heights of High and . Low
' Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official ' : au-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BROWHEAD— Passed June 6— Stmr Tauric,
from New York, for Liverpool. • • •.
TORY ISLAND— Passed June 6— Stmr Assyr
ian, from Boston, for Glasgow.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived June fi— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York, via Boulogne..
Sailed June 6— Stmr Rotterdam, for Boulogne
and New York. '.
LIZARD— Passed June 6— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York, for Havre. " '
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 6— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York. 'via Plymouth, for Ham
bur", and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 6— Stmr Ocean
ic from Liverpool, for New York: utmr Rhyn
la'nd. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 6— Stmr Ultonia,
from Boston.
Sailwi June 6— Stmr Oceanic, for New York:
stmr New England, for- Queenstown and Bos
°HONGKONG— Sailed June 5— Stmr Empress
of China, for Shanghai, Nagasaki, Hlogo, Yo
kohama and Vancouver, B C. , '
MANILA— Arrived June '6— Stmr Goodwin,
from Portland, Or. for Hongkong, etc. -
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 6— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Cherbourg and<Ham-
JCEW YORK— Sailed June 6— Stmr Koenlgen
Luise, for Bremen: stmr La Champagne, for
Havre; etmr Fueret Bismarck, for Hamburg.* ji
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAGASAKI— Arrived May 13— Br stmr Oak
Branch, from Cardiff, for San Francisco.-
HONGKONG^Sailed June 5— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Bailed June, 4— Br shiD Car
nedd Llewllyn.,for San Francisco.
PISAGUA-Sailed June 3-Br ship County of
'cORONEL^Arrlved May 28— Stmr Anunclon,
from Baltimore,- for San Francisco. _
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 6— Br ship Car
m p£Li£d jSne Penthesllea, from
1 — Arrived 0 June 4— Br bark Dun
re^can, from Tacoma. " .
BEACHY HEAD— Passed June 5— Br ship
Gar^dale for Vancouver.
BREMEN— Sailed June 2-Ger ship Chrlstel,
f °CAI?LAO^^ C Iled°'june 6— Br bark Dunfres
6 COLON^— Sailed June 3— Stmr Alllanca, for
' HAMBURG— Sailed June 8— Ger bark Schlft
bek. for Santa Rosalia. „,_..
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 6— Br ship Clan
Marpherson, for London. •e».i~
NEWCASTLE, A«« — Sailed June 6— Ship
Hecla, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 6— Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 5.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 5— Stmr Arcata, for
Ean Francisco. . *
SEATTLE— Sailed June 6— Stmr State of
California, for Nome; stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco. June 5— Schr Gen Slglin. for Nome.
Arrived June 6— Stmr Rainier, hence June 2.
Sailed June 6— Stmr City of Topeka, for
Arrived June 6— Stmr St Paul, hence June 1.
Sailed June 6— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for Val
dez; chip Tacoma, for Bristol Bay.
Arrived June G— Stmr Bertha, from Kodlak.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 6— Stmr Mack
inaw from Seattle, for San Francisco; schr
Endeavor, from Port Blakeley, for Honolulu;
schr Wawona, from Fairhaven. for San Pedro;
stmr State of California, from Seattle, for
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed out June 6— Bark
Theobald, for Nome. : '
Passed in June 6— Stmr St Paul, hence June
1, for Seattle: stmr Bertha, from Kodiak.
tJMPQTJA— Sailed June 1— Schr Sadie, for San
G-RAI'S HARBOR— Arrived June 6— Stmr
Newbunr, hence June 2. •
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— To sail May 29— Ger stmr Sa-
m K a AHU r LUI-ArVlved May 16-ShiD Emily F
Whitney, hence April 25. May 21-Shlp S D
C !^A-IXd M^l^Schr H C Wright, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Thursday, June 6.
Schr Monterey, hence June 6, for Coos, re
turned on account of machinery being dis
abled off Duxbury Heads at 6 p m.
RETURNED.
Thursday. June 6.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong, etc.
Stmr ¦Westport. Erlckson, Bear Harbor.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, .
Br shiD Stronsa, Jones, Queenstown.
Schr J G Wall. Anderson, Eureka.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson. Grays Har
bor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
EAILED.
Thursday, June 6.
Stmr City of Peking. Smith. Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu: Paciflc .Mail SS.Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Bktn Katie Flicklncer, Zenthen, Mollendo;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
CLEARED.
Stmr Copper Queen, Burns, 40 hours from
sfmr Clty r "of Puebla, Jepsen. 62 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 42 hours from
«. Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, 27 days from
Honolulu. ¦'*-'• '
Schr F S Redfleld. Joreensen, 29 days from
Lahslra.
Schr Aloha, Fry. 29 days from Honolulu.
The Arracan will load wheat for Europe, 36s
M, prior to arrival: the Alice Cooke, lumber
at Gamble for Honolulu.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Eteaiaer City of Peking sailed yesterday
for China and Japan •with a general cargo
valued at J236.043, manifested as follows: For
China, $39,600; Japan. 1102.615; Manila, $27,429;
iTidies, 11729: Korea, $3038; Vladivostok. $1634.
The following . were the principal exports:
For China— 4110 lbs abalone meat, 677 c*
canned goods, 2S73 lbs cheese. 18.S60 lbs coffee,
1CQ0 lbp codfish. 17 cs drugs, 1094 bales domestics,
31.2S0 bbls flour. 37 pkes fruit, 408 pkgg groc
eries and provisions, 8 pkgs machinery. 15 cs
meal, 11 pkgrs paint. 5000 lbs pearl barley, 88 cs
salmon. IIS cs soap, 250 bales sheeting. 14 cs,
14H> eals wine. 10 bbls whisky. 102 bbls wire,
S£l bdls scrap wire.
For Japan— 1200 lbs butter. 15 tons coke, S6
cs canned goods. 1325 bales, 1C0 bdls cotton do
mestics. 4 cs drugs. 11 .pkgs dry goods, 15 cs
fruit, 750 bbls flour. 104 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 5 rolls leather, 1200 ft lumber, 600 lbs
lard, 5 pkgs machinery, 2500 kegs nails, 400 cs
soap. 17 cs stationery, 163,000 lbs soda ash, 5
¦cs. 1000 ca!s wine.
For Manila— 2S1 cs canned goods. 1199 gals
bottled beer. 13 pkgs dry goods. 4 cs drugs. 27
pkgs electrical supplies, 7375 lbs ham, 6 cs
hardware, 410 cs, 4 bbls liquor, 26 pkgs hard
ware. 20 kegs nails, 20 cs stationery and paper,
75 crs trunks and valises, 100 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 9 pkgs sporting goods, 750 cs
whisky. 260 gals. 1C0 cs wine, 76,640 lbs malt.
For East Indies— 343 cs canned fruit, 2 cs
stationery. 250 Eals wine, 90 cs salmon.
For Korea— 6 r>kss groceries and provisions.
2 pkgs dry goods. 13 pkgs machinery. 2 cs
photo foods. 105 pkgs hardware.
For Vladivostok— %CS Ib3 coffee, 2 cs photo
goods.
Merchandise for South Sea Islands
The schooner Carrie and Annie cleared Tues
day for the Marshall Islands with merchandise
valued at $10.(34. destined for various, ports
In the South Seas. The cargo consisted of:
19 cs l»o<.ks, 2 pkgs building materials, 2 pkgs
crockery. 22 cs dry goods, 4 cs drugs, a drums
gasoline. 1047 pkgs groceries and provisions, 36
pkg* hardware. 33 pkgs household goods, 13.SO0
ft, 162 !><¦« lumber, 3 kegs nails, 1 launch, 90
cs oil. 1 sate, 7 bdls shingles, 4 cs t/tationery.
«. — . —
Notice to Mariners.
MAIN SHIP CHANNEL FROM AHTORIA TO
TONGUE POINT. OREGON.
Notice is herefcy Riven that, on account of
the removal of the point of the Sylvia de Grasee
Keel, the wreck of Bilva de Grace Buoy No.
4. a red. first-class nun, will be moved about
200 feet E. N. E. of its present jtosition on or
about June 7, 1'X.i.
Tfci* notice affects the List of Beacons and
Hatters of Interest to TVTn riners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
City of Peking sailed for the Orient via
Honolulu yesterday. She took away a
very valuable cargo and quite a number
of passengers. Among those who went
away on her were W. A. Rodenberg,
Civil Service Commissioner, and A. R.
Serven. who are bound for Honolulu, and
J. C. McMullin and L. G. Young, who are
ijoing to Manila to inspect the location
for the- proposed breakwater. The. Pe
king's full list of cabin passengers was:
For Honolulu— S. T. Alexander, Mrs. E. J»
Cotton. E. G. l>uisenberg, Charles Green, Ren
ton Hind. Miss Marie Lutz. Mrs. W. H. Mays.
"W. A. Rodenberg. Captain C. Ryder. A. R.
Sen-en, S. Silveretone, wife and son, and E.
Smith, wife and daughter.
For Yokohama— Mine. Atlantis. Mrs. H.
W. Connor. Miss J. Cullln, Miss M. E. Kock,
Kips L. Miles. L. Mooser. H. Turot.
For Kobe — George Cunning-ham. J. H. Hen
derson. John Johnston. W. E. Murray.
For Nagasaki— W. Mitchell. Mrs. H. Tabor.
For Hongkong— R. K. Bonine. Mrs. Sylva
Clifford, E. Cushine. A. S. Howe. J. C. Mc-
Millan and ¦wife. A. T. -McNab and L. G.
Young.
About an hour after the Peking got
away the Chinese and Japanese and Fili
pinos who came over on her and had
been removed to the detention shed got
into a free fight. There was nearly a riot
for a few minutes and one Chinese nearly
lost an ear. The watchman clubbed the
Mongolians into quietness.
The Overdue Fleet.
The underwriters are now paying 10 per
cert to reinsure their risks on the British
ship Beacon Rock, now out 80 days from
Talcahuano. South America, for Welling
ton. Xew Zealand. About two years ago
this same ship started from Port Pirie,
West Australia, for the port she is now
bound for. Strange to say, she was
caught in a tempest and was driven clear
across the Pacific, finally bringing up at
Talca-huano. She made the run back in
about 40 days, but on this occasion seems
to be having bad luck.
On the Manchester, 2SG days out from
Xew York for Yokohama; Aladdin, 143
days out from Java for Sydney. N. S. "W. ;
Jchn McDonald. 262 days out from Balti
more for San Francisco, 90 per cent is
offered, but there axe no takers, while
on the Lrinwood. 2(6 days out from Ma
nila for Xew York, 65 per cent is offered.
Peking 1 Sails for China.
Henry Hart, an A. B. on the battleship
Iowa, committed suicide "Wednesday
night by swallowing a large dose of car
bolic acid. The reasons for the rash act
are unknown as the young man was a
favorite with the officers and crew and
seemed to have no troubles. Hart joined
the Iowa at New York as an ordinary
seaman, but being active and willing
was soon rated as an A. B. Wednesday
evening when it came to cleaning up
quarters he could not be faund. and it
was thought he had overstayed his leave.
When the men. at 7:30 o'clock, went to
sling their hammocks for the night, they
found Hart dead in the center of a pile
of the canvas beds. His mouth and chin
were terribly burned with the acid and
he seemed to have died in great agony.
A coffin was procured from the army
transport wharf and the remains were
pent to Mare Island on the torpedo boat
Karragnt.
Hart was engaged to a young lady in
New York, and his relatives all live in
that city.
One of the Crew Kills Himself "With
Carbolic Acid-
THE old vhallng bark Lydla Is go
ing to the bone-yard in a few
days to be broken up. She has
been dismantled and as no one
seems to want the hull it proba
bly will be burned for the sake of the
copper bolts that are in it. The Lydia was
built in Massachusetts sixty years ago,
and is now as tight as the day she was
launched. For weeks she has lain at the
Howard-street bulkhead, and during that
time not a drop of water has leaked
through her seams.
The Massachusetts boat builders of
three or four generations ago seem to
have had the knack of putting together
long lived vessels. The schooner Polly,
Etlil In commission at Calais, Me., and
commanded by McFarland, was built at
Amesbury, Mass., in 1S05. The American
register gives her burden as 45 tons net.
and her dimensions as 61 feet 4 Inches
long, 13 feet beam and 6 feet 3 inches
deep. Not a very big boat as vessels go
nowadays, yet in 1S12 the Polly was ply
ing her trade as a privateer and made
Quite a number of captures. Finally she
herself was taken by a British sloop-of
war, and the captain and crew were
taken to England. The prize crew put
aboard the Polly seized the vessel and
carried her into Boston harbor.
In 1S49 the Polly came around the Horn
•with a party of gold hunters. She lay
in San Francisco Bay for nearly a year,
and then went back East. Since then she
has circumnavigated the globe a number
of times and her master says that on her
one hundredth birthday she will still be
as sound as a dollar.
The old Lydia would not now be going
to the bone-yard if there was anything
for her to do. She is only fit for whaling,
however, and the steamers have driven
the wind-jammers out of that business,
so the bark will be broken up unless
some one should buy the hull and turn it
Into an ark.
STJICIDE ON" THE IO"WA.
RALPH STEINMAN AS
GOVERNMENT WITNESS
Traced to Marysville He Consents to
Tell Federal Grand Jury About
Counterfeiters.
United States Secret Service Agent Ha
zen brought Ralph Steinman before the
Federal Grand Jury yesterday as a wit-,
ness for the Government in the case
against George T. McDonnell and DeWitt
B. Young, who have been arrested on a
charge of manufacturing counterfeiting
molds and dies.
Steinman was a member of the gang
and shortly before the arrest of McDon
nell went to San Diego with Young. and
afterward to Marysville, where he. opened
a shooting gallery. He was \ traced * to
Marysville by Agent Hazen. and when he
was visited by, Operator Harry MofJKt
confessed all that he knew. On account
of his value as a "State witness, he will
not be prosecuted. . , •
Water Front Notes.
The schooners Aloha, 29 days from Ho
nolulu, and F. S. Redfleld, 29 days from
Lahaina, and the bark Martha' Davis, 27
days from Hilo, arrived yesterday. All
of them had very heavy weather on June
1, 2 and 3. The Aloha had her rudder
head damaged and J. Gunderson, who
was at the wheel, had his arm broken.
The Redfield lost her main gaff and a
number of sails, while the Davis was
swept and lost part of her bulwarks.
The wind blew down an oiu shacn. on
Folsom street, near Stc ;rt, yesterday.
It had been used as a sa.oon by a Mrs.
McDevitt, and when 'she left it the land
lord ordered it pulled down.. The . roof
had just been taken off, when the wind
took possession and carried the walls into
the street. A man named Kennedy was
caught under the falling timbers, but es
caped with a few, bruises. — ¦¦, ¦
The schooner Monterey put back to port
yesterday. She started for Coos Bay
Wednesday, but off Duxbury her gaso
line engine broke down.
Captain Ryder of the ship Florence Is
on a. visit to San Ft-ancisco. Mate Spicer
took the ship from the ¦ Sound to Hono
lulu. ,.
Captain Thompson has succeeded Cap
tain Shaube as master of the brig Lurline.
The Lurline has been chartered for a ru»
to Tahiti.
A Sealer in Luck.
Some time last year Captain Balcom,
a well-known seal hunter, went East 1 * to
buy a vessel. At Halifax, N. S., he se
cured the schooner Edward Roy. On his
way to this coast he stopped at the Falk
land Islands to do some huntintr, with
the result that he secured 1600 skins.
These he has Just sold in Victoria, B. C,
for $20,000, so that tne trip East was a
lucky one -for him.
The schooner Borealls Is reported with
1880 and the Aurora with 1400 skins. Both
hunted on the Japan coast. These vessels
are the exceptions. The remainder of the
fleet did not pay expenses. , ,
Petroleum for Ferry Boats.
The Southern Pacific Company ¦ filed . a
petition yesterday with the United States
local ¦ inspectors of steam vessels, asking
permission to use petroleum . for fuel' on
their ferry-boats plying between this city
and Oakland and Alameda, The petition
has been taken under advisement. ,
Navel Cadet Selected.
Frank I* Coombs, Congressman f rO m
the First. District, has recommended for
appointment as a naval cadet at Annapo
lis Frank N.Ecklund of Eureka. Master
Ecklund was examined -by United- States
Circuit Judge Morrow,-. Superior Judge
Angellotti and Professor Boone. and re
ceived a high percentage. Stafford -Hamm
of Napa was cnosen as alternate and Ar
thur Kelly of St. Helena was a good third
in the race. " ¦", • . ; . ¦ .
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
•The only. route having. through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily." Stop-overs allowed - at ' Salt
L.ake City. ' For ' full ' information ask - L.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. , , . •
Association Accused of Procuring Re
mains 'of J. T. Madison by
Alleged Forged Order.
The Golden Gate Undertaking Company
made a complaint 'to the Health Board
yesterday that the United Undertakers'
Association .had .secured, on an alleged
forged order, the remains of J. T. Madi
son, who died at the City and County
Hospital. The Golden Gate - concern
claims to have received authority by tele
gram from tha wife and brother, of the
dead man to embalm the body, and ship
it to Chicago.
When the telegrams on the subject
were presented to the hospital officials it
was ascertained that the body of Madi
son had been delivered to the United Un
dertakers' Association upon an order pur
porting to have been signed by B. Miles.
a friend of the dead man."* Upon inquiry
by the Golden Gate people, Miles denied
having signed the order.
The Health officials were then request
ed to refuse the issuance of a removal
permit, but the representatives of the un
dertakers who were deprived of the re
mains were informed ,that no action
could be taken by the board.
BIVAIL TJNDEBTAXERS WAR
OVER MAN'S DEAD BODY
"I heard the boys' cries," said Mr.
Frankenberg, "and ran to see if it was
my boy. I found him all right, and then
went back and saw a black object re
sembling a man struggling in the water.
I saw a man answering the description
given by the boys as we came on the
boat." ' t
Mr. Johnson of the McCulloch substan
tiates the statement of Frankenberg.
The spot where the boys say the man
jumped over the rail was about 1000 yards
from the Sausalito landing and in smooth
water. Captain Johnson says his deck
hand failed to notify him of the occur
rence and consequently he was powerles3
to act.
The cries of the boys brought a number
of. the passengers from inside of the low
er cabin to the scene, among them A. J.
Frankenberg, 324 Clay street, and J. John
son of the United States revenue cutter
McCulloch, who claim to have seen the
man floating in the water. A moment or
two • after the accident a boat from the
McCulloch was ' sent in the direction of
the spot where the children allege that
the man jumped.
According to , the elder lad's statement
he and his brother were on the . after
deck. One lad was near to the capstan on
the port side and the other near the spot
from which the man. jumped. 1 In describ
ing the situation he said:
"The man climbed up on top of this,"
touching the removable rail, "caught hoM
of this pole and then jumped right out
into the water. He wore light checked
trousers, a darker coat and vest and a
round black hat." He did not' say any
thing when he went over."
"That is just what he did," said Leo,
the younger. "He just climbed up there
and jumped. He had on light ! pants and
a round hat."
"I guess we will have to lower a boat,'!
remarked the deckhand,, who went for
ward and was not seen again. . ; •
An unknown man is reported to hav%
jumped 'oft the after ,. starboard rail of
the steamer Sausalito on her 4:15 p. m.
trip from Sausalito yesterday: The only
witnesses to the attempt at suicide are
Charles and Leo Fisher, lads aged about
eight and six years, respectively. They
notified a deckhand, and passengers who
were in the after part of the lower cabin,
attracted by their cries, claim, to have
seen a dark object floating in the water
some distance astern. . .
Water After Cries
. Are Raised.
Passengers See Body in the
Scene of Alleged
Suicide.
Ferry Steamer Sausalito
LADS SEE A MAN
JUMP INTO BAY
THE SAN FKAKC1SCQ CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 7, 1901,'
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1901. page 52.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander, U. S. N..'
Lighthouse Inspector
Office of Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse
District, Portland, Or., June 3, 1S01.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. June 6.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. 56 hours from New
port, etc
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
ilendocino.
Stmr Mandalay, Keed, 3 days from Coquille
River, via Crescent City 28 hours.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 16 hours from Cle
one.
Another of the Old Vessels Engaged in Hunting for Oil and Bone Has
Outlived Her Usefulness and Will Be Broken Up— Able Seaman on
the Battleship Iowa Commits Suicide by Swallowing Carbolic Acid
OLD LYDIA, PIONEER OF WHALING
FLEET, WILL BE SOLD FOR JUNK
THE DISMANTLED "WHALING BARK LYDIA. THE HULL HAS BEJSN
SOLD TO A JUNK DEALER AND WILL. BE TAKEN TO THE BONE
YARD. WHERE IT WILL BE BROKEN UP.
5
Sun rises ,
Sun sets
.Moon rises ....' 11:08 %
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
7 ... 1:55 6.0 8:48 0.0 4:09 '6.0 9:25
8 ... 3:00 4.7 9:36 0.5 . 4:49 5.2 10:38
9 ... 4;16 4.3 10:29 0.9 6:30 6.4 11:46
10 ..| 5:43] 4.01 11:26 1.41 6:14 5.6
. |L W| |H W| IL W IH W
11 ..I 0:441 1.11-7:011 4.1)12:19 1.81 7:00
12 ...[ 1:44| 0.4! 8:241 4.11 1:14 2.1| 7:46
13 ..] 2:40|— 0.2| 9:30| 4.3| 2:08| 2.4| 8:30
..4:47
,.7:2J
>. m.
i
rt.
|_
2.9
2.4
1.8
5.9
6.2
6.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Washtenaw.... Tacoma June 7
Coronado San Pedro June 7
Arcata Coos Bay June 7
Empire Coos Bay June 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City June 8
Fulton Grays Harbor June 8
Kureka Ilumboldt :... June 8
Strathgyle China via San Diegro June 8
Columbia Portland and. A.torla.. June 9
Queen San Diego June 9
Mackinaw Seattle June 9
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. June 9
Milton Nanaimo June 9
San Pedro Humboldt June 9
Bonlta Ran Pedro & Way Pts. June 9
Pomona Humboldt June 10
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro June 10
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay June 10
Condor Tacoma ..? June 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. June 10
North Fork Humboldt June 11
Walla Walla..i Puget Sound Ports June 11
Newburg Grays Harbor June 11
Rival Willapa Harbor June 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma June 11
Acme... Sluslaw River June 11
Progreso Tacoma June 12
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. June 12
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcm June 13
Point Arena Point Arena June 13
Corona ...... Newport June 13
Santa Rosa San EHego June 13
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Crarina
Pomona
Curacao
G. \V. Elder..
Palena
Coronado.....
Robt. Dollar..
City Sydney...
Zealandia
Corona
Point Arena..
Mandalay
Santa Rcsa...
Jane 7.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Humboldt
Mexican Ports
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way.
June 8. :
Seattle & Everett..
Seattle & Hadlock.
Panama & Way...
Honolulu
Newport
Point Arena
June 9. '
Coquille River......
San Diego
Jnne 1U.
Coos Bay
Coos Bay
Humbcldt
Tillamook Bay |
Puget Sound Ports.
Jnne 11.
San Pedro
Jnne 12.'
San Diego
Astoria & Portland
Jnne 13. . |
Humboldt
Portl'd & Coos Bay
5 pm
1:30 p
10 am
11 am
12 m
10 am
5 pm
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
10 am
9 am
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 31
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier *2
Pier I
Pier U
Arcata
Empire
Eureka
W. Kruger...
City of Puebla
4 pm
10 am
12 m
5 pm
11 am
Pier U
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Eonita..
9 am
Pier 11
Queen..
Columbia
9 am
11 am
Pier 11
Pier 24
San Pedro....
Alliance
10 am
Pier 2
Pier —
I I
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 8
St. Paul.. Nome & St. Michael... June 8
Cottage City... Skasuay & Way Ports. June 9
Bertha Valdez, Kodiak & Way ¦
• Ports June 10
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Chas. Nelson/.. Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 15
Jeanie Nome •direct... June 15
Nome City ' Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 15
Sun rises ,
Sun sets
.Moon rises ....' 11:08 %
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
7 ... 1:55 6.0 8:48 0.0 4:09 '6.0 9:25
8 ... 3:00 4.7 9:36 0.5 . 4:49 5.2 10:38
9 ... 4;16 4.3 10:29 0.9 6:30 6.4 11:46
10 ..| 5:43] 4.01 11:26 1.41 6:14 5.6
. |L W| |H W| IL W IH W
11 ..I 0:441 1.11-7:011 4.1)12:19 1.81 7:00
12 ...[ 1:44| 0.4! 8:241 4.11 1:14 2.1| 7:46
13 ..] 2:40|— 0.2| 9:30| 4.3| 2:08| 2.4| 8:30
..4:47
,.7:2J
>. m.
i
rt.
|_
2.9
2.4
1.8
5.9
6.2
6.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Washtenaw.... Tacoma June 7
Coronado San Pedro June 7
Arcata Coos Bay June 7
Empire Coos Bay June 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City June 8
Fulton Grays Harbor June 8
Kureka Ilumboldt :... June 8
Strathgyle China via San Diegro June 8
Columbia Portland and. A.torla.. June 9
Queen San Diego June 9
Mackinaw Seattle June 9
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. June 9
Milton Nanaimo June 9
San Pedro Humboldt June 9
Bonlta Ran Pedro & Way Pts. June 9
Pomona Humboldt June 10
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro June 10
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay June 10
Condor Tacoma ..? June 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. June 10
North Fork Humboldt June 11
Walla Walla..i Puget Sound Ports June 11
Newburg Grays Harbor June 11
Rival Willapa Harbor June 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma June 11
Acme... Sluslaw River June 11
Progreso Tacoma June 12
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. June 12
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcm June 13
Point Arena Point Arena June 13
Corona ...... Newport June 13
Santa Rosa San EHego June 13
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Crarina
Pomona
Curacao
G. \V. Elder..
Palena
Coronado.....
Robt. Dollar..
City Sydney...
Zealandia
Corona
Point Arena..
Mandalay
Santa Rcsa...
Jane 7.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Humboldt
Mexican Ports
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way.
June 8. :
Seattle & Everett..
Seattle & Hadlock.
Panama & Way...
Honolulu
Newport
Point Arena
June 9. '
Coquille River......
San Diego
Jnne 1U.
Coos Bay
Coos Bay
Humbcldt
Tillamook Bay |
Puget Sound Ports.
Jnne 11.
San Pedro
Jnne 12.'
San Diego
Astoria & Portland
Jnne 13. . |
Humboldt
Portl'd & Coos Bay
5 pm
1:30 p
10 am
11 am
12 m
10 am
5 pm
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
10 am
9 am
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 31
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier *2
Pier I
Pier U
Arcata
Empire
Eureka
W. Kruger...
City of Puebla
4 pm
10 am
12 m
5 pm
11 am
Pier U
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Eonita..
9 am
Pier 11
Queen..
Columbia
9 am
11 am
Pier 11
Pier 24
San Pedro....
Alliance
10 am
Pier 2
Pier —
I I
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 8
St. Paul.. Nome & St. Michael... June 8
Cottage City... Skasuay & Way Ports. June 9
Bertha Valdez, Kodiak & Way ¦
• Ports June 10
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Chas. Nelson/.. Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 15
Jeanie Nome •direct... June 15
Nome City ' Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S INHALER
CATARRH
; CoIds ' Cou s hs >
'Wm ! Ss^^_ Influenza, Bron-
jffijH chitis, Asthma
ISElff-?' m| an( * a^ diseases
fflf ol the Throat
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach. - '¦ • -\ r ¦¦'/¦'- . " ¦ ',
Jt reaches thesore spots-heals the raw places
—goes to the seatof disease— acts as abalm and
tonic to the whole svstctn-fl.OO atdruoqisls or
ly mail, Munyon. New TorkandPhuadeljthta-
i VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
1 (J 1051«A2SSTST.tet.6th47ti,S.r.C»l. A
\ ¦ ¦ .qf The Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
A World. Weaknesses or my contracted m
7 flgfflft disease positively cared by the oldest X
0 IgMl Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 years. O
4 izXZ.1 DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
\ VfORffrfi ' Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
m a "" B Treatment personally or by letter. . A m
V a Jw ift H fontive Curt in erery case undertaken. T
ir // HA Write for Book. rBILOKOPBYarJ
f 1 tf II SAnRUGE, MAILED FREE. (Af
\ -A ¦ IL valuable book lor m^n) . / \ . v,, . : : \
V OB.. JOBDAK Jt CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. W
DR.MEYERS&CO, J|f^%
Specialists. Dls- Mfi&jr '
ease and Weakness KS&
of men. Kstab- w**Bs A*9fc''tf5
Ilshed 18S1. . Consul- '. llT«. |^COT - W
1 taUon:iand.- private... \p&;.; . . \|
book free. ; at ' offlce . '^BEv * J^SWsi
or by mall. Curea ' ,' f*^£^«S«*
guaranteed. : 731 rv<MR99l^V
Market street' (ele- "^SSfflir /aP
vator entrance;. I^Tf&g3&*l
San Francisco. .... |T ytffl^"* , ;
,TJ T> IT C II I? Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
jjrl II k^rl CikJ era, bootblacks, bath-
-*r/T~^ ™ -T- houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders." 1 - candy-makers, > canners.
dyers. . flourmills. foundries, laundries. : paper-,
hangers printers, painters, - shoe factories. > sta-
blemen, tar-roof era. - tanners, tailors, etc . ,
' r BUCHANAN BROS.' ";
Brush Manufacturers. 60Q Sacramento St
OR. CfiOSSMAN'SlSPECiFlC^MlXTURE.
For tha " euro .' , of ' GONORRHEA; l GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of i Generation. *;^S»- 1 **#'*i3n ! *Srf»* r « i **gH c i
; Price |1 ; a bottle. For sale : by :> dru»»l«ta. j
OCZAH TEUAVIEL.
¦ yl n-n . r n n ' n r^nru r r . mwi . 1T , ,_ I ' , ,* ', ,,-,„.
AMERICAN LINE.
m TOSS. SOUTHAMPION. L0ND05. PASIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound, j
From" New York Every Wednesday. 10 a.* ra. .1— '
St. Paul June 19 St. Louis.:. ,.;.;july if"
St. Louis........ June 2tS St. Paul August 7
St. Paul July 10 St. Louis... „ August la
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. *
From New York Every 'Wednesday. 13 nooal
Fiiesland June 12|Kensinston July 3
Southwark .....June 19|*Zeeland ..." July 10
•Vaderland .....June 26IFrIesland ....v..July M
•Step at Cherbourg, eastbound. • • r ":^f:V,
' • INTERNATIONAL . NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. r>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paciflc Coast. 30 Montgomery it.
TOYO KISEN KAISBAi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai . and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers' tor
India, etc. No. cargo received . on board oa
day of sailing.' - ¦ " »- - - "-' -.'¦-•
69. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday. June 22V ISOt
SS. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday. July 17. 'Wl
SS. AMERICA. MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
¦Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For I
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street. Corner ' First; ' "--.-• ,•' ,-
- . . -W. H. AVERT, General Agent
¦
AjtAAnfl* CCTA HAWAII, SAMOA, NEW ' ..
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)^...;.;.'.
Sunday. June 9, 11 a. m.
Sa . SONOMA (via" Honolulu) for Samoa,
. New Zealand and Australia *>
...."....: Thursday. Jane 20. 10 .1. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
—....:. — ...Wednesday, June 28. at; 10. a. m.
J. 0. SPRECXEL8 k BROS. CO., fineral Agents. 327 Kariut St ,
Cea'l Pasangv Offics, 643 Hirkst St.. Her lo. 7. Pacjfie St
COXPASKIZ GENERAL'! TBAN3ATL1NTIQU3
CDIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS./
Sailing every Thursday. Instead oi ffl£S5S
Saturday, at 10 a. m.; from. pier 43. -^*
North River, foot of Morton street.. *La Lor-
raine, June i 13; •L'Aquitaine, June 20; La '
Bretagne. June" 27; La Champagne. , July 4.
• First class to Havre. $55 and upward. Second .
class to Havre. ¦ *45 and UDward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR. UNITED STATES and CAN-.
ADA, -32 Broadway (Hudsffrt building), . New v
York. J. F.V FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc. Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue.- San Francisco. ,
Tickets sojd by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers." "
I BAY AND SIVER STEAMEB3.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND^ALJJEJ).
¦'¦ St«m«8 GEN. : FRI3BIE orliqSTICELLO. ;
a.'in!.,3:13 and 8:30 p.- m.,*e*xcept Sun- ¦
day. Sunday. 8:45 a. «m... 8:30 p. m. . Leaves
Vallejo " 7 -' a. m.. 13:30 noon. ' 8, p.: m.. except
Sunday.' Sunday. 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. <m.: Fare S» :
cents. Telejjhone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice, pier . 2. . Mlsalon-st. . dock.' : BATCH li&OC -.
OCEAN.TBA7EL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦> : Steamers leave : Broadway
* Hfc, Wharf, San Francisco: ¦"; •-
|»fc- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
¦BfsW ! &' June 5 - 10 - 15 > '°' 25 « so> July
IHI^JJMsW 6- Chance to company's
KK I^BlSai steamers at Seattle.
nBcSKl^ml For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I^TvrfK C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^^HH] Tacoma, Everett. Ana^oT.ft
*^ and New Whatcom (\Va«h.)—
- ' - ...*•• U a. m.. June 6. 10. 15. 2J. 25. SO.
July 5. and every fifth flay thereafter.- Chans*
at -Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ¦
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p.* m.,
June 2. 7. It 16. 21. 28. July 1, and every fifth
day thertaf ter. . ¦ ' . "
- For San Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays,- » a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa. ; Sundays. 9 a. m.
'- For Los Ang-eles. calling at Santa Cnii,
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port H*rford
(San Luis Obispo). Gavlota, . Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. •Newport (»Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m.: steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
• For Ensenada, MaVdalena Bay. San Joi«e del
Cabo. Ma«atlan.Altsta. La Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-^10 , a. m.. 7th each
month. *^flMj£ulM!! l^>\ t,' j '
For further Information obtain : companjrs
folders. • . ¦ ' '
The company reaerves th« rlsht to chanjre
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sailing
without Drevlous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Franclgco.
<X /?. & N. CO.
Only Bteamablp Xdne to ;
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through linkers to all
potnts.'oll rail r*r wtenmshir* nnd rail, at
LOWEST - HATES. .
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MSAL^.
SS. CCL.UMBIA... Sails June 12, 22." July 2, 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER..:..;.::...........:
............Sails June 7, 17, 27. July 7, 17. 27
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt., 1 MontRom'y.S.F.
PANAMA R, R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, . f 105 ; ; Steerage. f4O. • ' - ? . :
S. 6. Argyll. calls Monday,' . Juns 24
S. 6. Lee!anaw sails Monlny, . duly . IS
S. 6S Argyll *ail« M-»idi». : , Awft. 5
'From Harrison-street "Wliarf at 2 p. m: *"-"
'Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
. F. F. , CONNOR. • Paclflc Coast ; Agent. .
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping ' at ; Mexican. Central
and South American ports. ; Sailing Fremont-
street wharf,* 12 m. "-- ."iMfUbAMSjU^ww"
PALEN A .... . . June iTl TUCAPEL .'. . . .Juno 27
COLOMBIA*....June 12| AREQUIPA ;...July „
¦ These steamers . are •• built expressly for. Cea-
tral and South American passencer service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passeniter offlce. 318 California street."" .•
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO., Gen. "Agents.
>J : -y\-;"--:-THE; ; iai;pbBIU3g. i ¦¦ j ?; '' '?', ••'•? ':¦' THE ? EMPORIUM. y [ ¦.' .| • THE EMPORIUM.
I On special sale until closing \1ime Saturday night, Terra Cotta Busts, Figures, MasKs, J
| Tobacco Jars arid Pipe RacKs— at one-third off. the marked prices: ' $
I 3 Beimont VBSff FASDdM^BB 1^^ '-Send Nams and%
\ Gigars, MWM% Address :?
If The I 2Kc size— to-d.y . . . . . o> UA^W%'ltMiU& f^SkXASXt\ ,*£ For Summer Catalogue— Free J
If ••••••• • • • 3 for 25C CAUFORNIA'S LAROEST--AMERICA*S GRANDEST STORE ¦ tb out-of-town folks. J
i Last Two Days of Clothing Sale.i
$ ¦ ¦ " -" ¦ ; -- ; - ¦'". - " ¦ " "¦ '^?:<-m • ; .5
jf y^*^ The values below, improbable as' they may seem, are exactly as described. 'If upon comparison jj
5T w '^ ot^ er g°°^ s that you can buy "for the same prices you are tired of your bargain, bring our Clothing '.jj
If Ow 7 back and get ycur money. Jt
$ $15 CO, $17 50 and $20.00 Stilts, $1£. 75 -The range of styles includes the srmrr, J
If ' /^\/j'^^*\ broad-shouldered mi itary Sack Coat, in manv fashionable fabrics; the new greenish shades in cheviots; dark blue fabric*
|f I r^ f\ ' w ' tn ''S nt hair-line stripes interwoven; scm- with large ovcrp'aids, and a beautiful line of light grav and "<j
If • j . : ¦¦ V^^fe blown, cheviots; abigger assortment and more sry'es to chocs; Irom than any other store : can offer; a l"we>l Jf
K ' / P^^v made an! trimmed., Su ts for which our regu'ar low prices ars from 515.00 to tf*4 f% ¦'jF K- S M
j. Aj . \ V y tWQl |20. 00; special this week on!y .'...... ..'....' ..'...../.: «^lva/(l ' v
jC Q , ( J^^sT Any Russian Blouse Ssmi', One-Quartet* Off ReguJat* Pa*ic3& •*
M, C^ Cw^^^^V ThtS Week — All the new shades; r;d, brown, tan, gray and fancy mixture', in series an j cheviots; "jf
¦ ' JJ \^ ¦ Vx/rfrfl I all have knickerbocker trousen and handsome belts, either of patent or suede leather, and the riductiotn'Jf
[£ * %£ J>W I > I th-swe-k make prices read like this: <jj
If , '>^jC'V tt-ii / R UJ8an B'oose Suit*. ......... .$2*86 J6.00 Russian B!ouse Suits. . .1 ..'.. .-'.'. $4- 3 1 * It
* , . . \ \jpnU ?4 45 Russian Blouse Suits. .. . . . ."... ;. .$3 34- $7- 5 o Russian B'ouse Suits...:. ....:.". ,$5mG3 *
5 I I/T $S-°° Russian. BIc use Suits. ........... $3* 75 , •, '/•. ' ' 5
* 1 V-bUL^' EoyS 9 $2.50 Long Pants, $1>6Q — For boys 12 to 20 years o£ age; made of good S
!« . I • . ' - f \ ' quality worsteds in sttipis and neat effects; strong and serviceab'e; ever/ pa'r warranted; ££{% w
$ \ \ --X-1A ' 8o ' d regularly at $2. 50; specal Friday and Saturday '..........: .f^#»%P5F:{|
I \ ; JIM 1 Bov*' Golf Shirts Ribbons at About I
I GT v ' J? jge% -29c, Half-Price. <%
If - . - • : f* 5 ? 53 down.-BoTt' Golf Nearly 7000 yarJ, of stylrsh^ seaionab'e fancy j
V • o - m «• # '- V^i Shhts from io to i2. "^"8 at about one-half regular prices, J
I -\\ SpeCial Sale \<O^ inchne:k n,e«urein P 'I«p S enough for two days seling; Fn- «
» -¦ "^ ¦ .- ¦ . . JfeNgN^^ • j * day and Saturday. ¦ -. •• jf
$ Lace All-Overs --jj^^^.r^^^^ ut !~tf™ h ¦•*£
k 1 c A 1 ¦ r • ' • : j " c j jKpXKSvSFP ty/jfifa. j ¦• suitable for neck ribbons and hows: — -» «
*„ Summer came loo late for us, and w: find /yi*\J23i SV>7iV^ madras; not a snrt , , , , . » »O*» <2
» . • • t. .».¦/-> /SKvsJhP^^DBlW^ • vi- li rfgular value 20c yard; sac price m MmG X
•f cur e:ve3 with too-many lace All-Overs on K3fK>ySte4dhSKy« In tn e ?ot woith less , . °, j t- • u "• v e m
« ¦ - . , j-j 1 v rTi^iirf**^ Yl* T"iT1p*T* .7 ' 1. • 1 Lot I — -sooo yards of 4-mch stylish fancy J*
«f hand, .«, we have determined : to close them th , an 5~, on specal .^ .1 £ «* J g
}? out at speculsile, to-day only, one- :.. WfefaJT ' «e rn ay and Sat- » - t •. f J - >X
J third Off the regular selling prices. /|§|g3 .' urday only; Q " 5 r yzrdf • IPC J» •
ft These- goods make very pr.tty •; waiits and ¦ 4 ... \ eich....'.. ** * *.'¦* ¦ ¦ •¦ X
% yokcs ¦¦• A ;, ¦_¦ ; - ¦'¦ ¦•"a« v - ,« T Ti — ', 0 » Sale Teaspoons, $
tf 30c per yd; All-Overs, to-day .29O 2 Days' Sale TaAffiSOOOUS Fni»k* •»
g 4 oc P r yd An overs today 27c Men * H ats. Taoiespoons, Forks,
M 50c per yd. AllrOyers, to-day. .34d -.- V: - ¦ • x-^v s~T^**2-*t&*S» - have «-*
* 60c ptr yd. All-Overs, to-day. 4Oe Fr fr =-"d Satur- fa -™ A V 5
I 75 c per yd^ll-Overs, to-day. .50o | Sgjjg "f «t3«" fli ff $
I $1.00 per yd. All-Overs, to-day. 67o Men's $1 85 W» A .%
I i Children's W*$ZL uHi *vJ?S!Z;$
ft mm ¦ .'¦¦..¦ /. *£¦ 7,. St f ™ s *= s -* T^ price. These goods are guaranteed to have «
f ,M **F*" •****FWMm . cortra^; the fedoras, V.*c^ brown, con- fcaJ . n ; cke f siIver ; and g
J Sprcfal SaleXhadrcn's Dr^s and ™^!%^£ k^ •«.- wj > '"*47" Roger, Bros, 1 1,
g Jackets Friday Ud Shtordqr. .^ • _ special F rice ; T^ Sof^^,,.^ j
X $12.50 Tailor-made, for the two days only ...... &W.^3t pe ? , :t; special t<Uav. ......... S^C *
$ ~A£\ all-wool suits, jack- - .„ - Tablespoons -s=t of 6; regu'arly # —^ %
5f 2&k eta «ik imrf, skin Children's Hose, t*,so?t^i :^^7.. $1*66 *
* '*2*~'~*> full perca^ne lined, O*T*» MSSrm** MM.** Table Forks— jet of 6; regularly - -,^'2
£ V7%Uh for ages IO to i a KltitS, itC. $2.50 per setjsaec'al to-day. . '2
g —fp=«al for two chi'dren's extra heavy 2x1 ribbed Cotton Hose; ; Jf
*•" ' fWW*SrvR\ ( ' 1^' S reinforced knees, double soles; the proper GrOCGrSCSj EmltfiHOrSm 5
I §Bln : $ 7 "* 5 rher^Vp a at° n for W^5 d^ rjr - Friday, Saturday. |
i IBfll' • ' <7- 5° All-woo'. S:rge ' only sizc3 6 t0 IO plir 1 / f4>C Suga--Best Dry Granulate'. , . . *
luWify lllm \lMvh trimmed and best m m *+ Santi Clara Prunes — A small lot of 10b roses; «5
If mWBrjS\TRA+ taior work in • S%tr blUnS- g5odprun«;*5lbs.intox;r.-gu'ar;y5i.2v. %
* ¦ mowwfW brow "« bIue ' icl - . for the Country. D ww e ,<un%b tt -,p-rb«r 75©'^
X M!lf.^7 ( 'V7// JlAi ages 6 to 12— spe- ; , M , ** Pear: me Wash:ng Pjw.'ct — Three i-lb pvk--»
5 ¦. V ***-\ l V/ty/)f/* cial for two days— Next wedc the bovs will b: off for the country ages for ...... \ . 25o a
K V tf « oj- f-r vacation. The : r pleasure wHl be greatly Bromingelon — Dainty dessert; *a*'.i " flavors; •
* m/* m W'M9+9 enhanced if they tike with them a King Air ? package ->, 11 C *
*f '¦¦ ¦¦ Rifls. We offer for to-day only th f s= weU- Japan Tta— Choice' UncVcrVij 'regu'aVv ccc §
» £13.50 Taior-made- suits— tan, brown., and known A;r Rfl:s that shoot .regular; "BB" ; ib., tvdir, ...-..'; • 39o «
* . green mixtures—this season's o B %lcad 8not ' and will kill b'rds, squirrels and Com_Best Western Sugar Com, 3 t"ns, 24-O 'x
5 latest goofs— ages 12-14.... $Ot2d otnrr small gams; " regu'ar price i Corn— B-st Ma : ne; to-dav, 10 tins... . .QQ s *
*C $3-5° a-- wo ° l Castor box Jackets — th:s s:a- Ji.oo each, for .......*...-..... m r€9G Claret - Our good table qua'hy that never lab 5
*^ , son's make— ages 4 to 12— v^« » . ~ . to g'vs fat'sfactian: regular'/* 40c a ga''on; $
J special for two days ....... *f''& gj f5C Tablets 8C *°*7 - V" • ¦ ••• - V " 'V • • ; - 3 3 ° {f
1£ 19.00 fine all-wool three-quarter box coat — . , '..„.„,.. Champion Whiskey — Rigu'arly $ 5.00 <eaion; 5
If pearl buttons, full sUk hn:d— thre= rows stitch- loooregu ar 15c Irsb Linen Writing Tablets— to-day ' $2 4Q
J ing-Rag an pocket-special Bg% 5n , note " ""-on special O^ Imported Ginger Ale- Canfd'&Co.-hraie's; 5
5 for two days...... $O.5U sa e to-day only-each ...-OU reguary |i.6o a dozen; to-day.... $1.50$
Sf — ; ; — — ¦ ; ; . ' X
I Furniture, Carpet and Rug Sale. |
$' Oarpetsm Furniture, \. 5
«f Tapestry. Brussels— Extra good qua ity;' heavy and durable, Golden Oak. Bedroom Suit2 of 3 p:e:es; large tqjare gV^s; 30 x 24 5
ft woith'5;c ptryard, now. ....;......... ....... **«?«? inefcei; a nice, well-mide let worth {32.50; spe- ~~~ ¦_ _ «
J Roxbury Tapestry— The kind with the double sripes on t;e Q — c ; a i t0 .d ay only §23 m 75 %
Sf back; sewed, laid and lined, per yard. . . '. .'. ......./ vwC r«i/l»« f\,ir ctJ.i.»..j *-.v " '~ ' ' i. ' •' I '"'" S
-"^^^i^o^^, 7^: SS3.T3^
Linen Warp ''Mattings -Handsome patterns and colorings; # _ Round Dining Table— Golden oak; large enough fcr'^ o ,__ 5
Sf. worth 25c psr yard; now.... m5G e:ght p:op!e; worth $ 12.00;. to-day .: &&./& %
Smyrna Rugs — Siz; 60 by 30 inches; reverable; fringed .' *mj '9X5 Shaving Stand — In go'den oa'-c or mahogany fin'sh; ad- -I'ji,
Ja both ends; each O justable glass; easily worth f 9.00; special to-<Jay. .... m&5a5O jgIt is now stated that tlie chief objection of the
British Government to the Hay- Pauncefote treaty as
amended by the~Senate is that while it authorizes the
United States to fortify the canal it requires " Great
Britain to guarantee its neutrality; and if the lan
guage be subject to any such, construction by dip
lomatists it would seem that Salisbury has certainly
a right to kick.
To the rest of the busy country it is merely a row
in the morgue between two fellows who are suspected
of knowing how the corpse came to be a corpse, and
each is abusing the oilier! But of what interest is it?
The country is glad the corpse is. on the slab, and
doesn't care which one made it a corpse.
This vision of blood rises red on the sight of the
Kentucky Major, but does not move the Nebraska
Colonel out of his tracks. The two gentlemen are of
less importance than the energy of their wordy quar
rel indicates they think they are.
The Major then lapses into history, abuses Cleve
land, and fears that the extremism of Colonel Bryan
"will prove our undoing if 'ever we are undone;
forcing into existence artificial " classes; arraying
these one against the other; the bigotry of ignorance,
the intolerance of hate, their presiding dieties; all
wisdom and patriotism drowned out by the brute
force of numbers on one side, Ihe roar of cannon on
the other. Mr. Bryan seems to me the archangel of
extremism of the present time as Mr. Yancey was
forty years ago. If his dominancy is to continue he
will lead the Democratic party, and maybe the coun
try, where Mr. Yancey led them.'\ •
Whereupon Major Watterson lays down his hand
and rejoins: "There you 'have it flat. This would
bar all revision, even all discussion. But Mr. Bryan
must be obeyed. Must a great party, three years in
advance of its next national convention, suspend all
effort to strengthen its lines, deny itself any and
every opportunity to take advantage of such circum
stances as may come to it, and submit itself unre
servedly and absolutely to the word as it issues from
Mr. Bryan's tongue or pen?"
This is supposed to refer to Tom Johnson, who re
sembles Tilden only in being a millionaire. But
Colonel Bryan scents in this the rankest of reorgani
zation, and, taking his pen in hand, remarks in his
weekly paper: "If a man is ready to retire from poli
tics he may safely- join the reorganizers; but the
men who are candidates, or expect to be, should re
member, first, that political success rests upon the
voters, and, second, they cannot allow their loyalty
to Democratic principles to be questioned. It is
necessary for every Democrat who aspires to leader
ship to let it be known that he has no sympathy with
this attempt to republicanize the Democratic party."
THE political peace has been broken by a -lively
scrap between Major Watterson and Colonel
Bryan. The Major declares for a new platform
and a new leader for the Democracy — "some Tilden
to come to the front in some one of the determinative
States, commanding, as Tilden did, the means to set
a national ticket in the field and able to divide, if
not to command, the independent vote."
BRYAN AND WATTERSON.
" CORONATJO TENT . CITY. Coronado Beach.
Cal., will b* th« popwlar F iummer resort thU
season. It became famous last year for corn
tort, entertainment and health. Its «pleaU«A
: Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone, Main 1042. •
/ Special Information supplied dally to
business houses . and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles^ Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
"• BUILDED— Constant Reader, City it
Is proper to jise. the word ."bullded" in
speaking of houses or chips that have
been contructed. - ' - ; • , nave
GRANT- IN. SAN FRANCISCO— T W '
Kenilworth, Sonoma County,' CaL- General*
Grant arrived in" San- Francisco nt, twl
City; of Toklo,. September, 1STO. atkra
two years tour around the world. - >
• JOINtIoWNERSHIP-J.d/m West
side Cal. If twoparties own aa'inieSt
jointly and one wants to sell but ToTl
other does not.- then the party who wan ?t%
to. sell must commence a suit in partifton -
«. THE ARTICLE-H. S. G. Cltv -<t^
speaking.^ writing : or printing the choice
between "an'^and . ;'a,". which'are differ
ent forms of the same word it 'd.f.C.1 j
by sound. -Before a, voVll's^uS^w?^
used; as. for; instance. . "anTold Wo^? n « "
not Va old woman," and - befor*. *^^^'
nant i sound the ; Va^SfuSf'L*
stance,;"a foreigner,"- n6t""an'f«;lf£5. .1
Underjhat rulers proper^^^
ANSWERS TO CORBESPONDENTS.
• TWhat'a the matter with your part
ner? I tried to ¦ talk to him about the
margins of the book i want printed and
he hastily left me.* ,
"Oh, he was caught in the big stock
slump yesterday and his ¦ fctomach is a
little weak."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Kind old Brooklyn lady (visiting Sing
Sing, beamingly)— So. you convicts have a.
soda, club here in Sing Sing. How nice!
Jimmy, "The Rat" (proudly)— Yes'm.
."And do you belong?"
"Oh, yes'm— I'm a life- member."—To
ronto Mall. -
Miss Lafin — How strange!
Mr. Rand— Not at all. He wished to
break himself of smoking.— Stray Stories.
A' CHANCE TO SMILE.
Miss Lafln— What has become of Mr.
Clay?
Mr. Rand— He has taken employment la
a powder mill for six months.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The .following
Calif ornians are In New York: From Saa
Francisco— F.Ullrlchy^at the Belvidere;
Mrs. J. C. Young. S. S. Young, at the
Grand Union: J.' H. Atkins, at the Vic
toria; A. Plummer, at the Bartholdl; J
B. Tompkins, at the New Amsterdam: P.
M. J.\ Vanderklen. at the Holland; W.
Bradford, at the Manhattan. From Los
Angeles— J.. A. Pine, at the Astor.
CALIFORNIAUS HI NEW YOBK.
Captain John K. Bulger, one of the
United States local inspectors of steam
vessels, returned yesterday from Los An
geles, where he had been on business con
nected with his office.
Mrs.- Stephen J. Field of "Washington,
D. C, widow of. the late Justice of th*
Supreme Court,, arrived ,here yesterday
and Is at the Palace.
The Right Rev. w. h. Moreland, Epis
copal Bishop of Sacramento, Is a guest at
the Occidental. He is accompanied by his
wife. .
Hugh. Casey, a liquor merchant of Sac
ramento, is spending a few days in this
city and is registered at the Grand.
Peter Musto. the well-known merchant
of Stockton, is here on business and haa
made the Grand his headquarters. —
Dr. E. "W. Biddle, a prominent physician
of Healdsburg, is spending a few days at
the Palace. .
"W. F. Fisher, owner of* the CaUstoga
Hotel and a prominent fruit grower. Is at
the LJck. , : ;>. --C \
H. M. Reed of Reedly. one of the most
prominent oil men of the State, is at th«
Grand. .
Senator Thomas Flint of Ban Juan is at
the Palace.
Commander G. H. Peters, U. S. N., it
at tho Occidental. '
C. r>. "Wright, an extensive land owner
of San Jose, is a guest at the Uck.
H. Morgan Hill has just returned from
Paris. He is staying at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦ In a local. suit now on trial an engineer is credited
with an ability to see "through the ground. It is safe
to wager, however, that he is no better qualified than
the rest of us to see through a stone wall.
The counties of California are going to show visit
ing Epworth Leaguers with what bounty nature has
endowed the State. In a splendid show of natural
resources we must be . on our best behavior to illus
trate how well we have accepted our advantages for
something nature cannot give.
A WORD TO PESSIMISTS.
BISHOP DERRICK of the African Methodist
Episcopal Church has just proven Himself at
a -conference :r. Brooklyn to about as wise a
man as there is in this generation. It appears the
conference appointed a committee to report on the
condition of the country, and that the committee in
reviewing the field found many things in the Southern
States that are prejudicial to the welfare of the col
ored man. It was the intention of the committee to
report the evils and to condemn them, but Bishop
Derrick counseled otherwise. He said to them: "A
blank piece of paper is a good deal better than a lot
of inflammatory rubbish. Just report: . '"We have
examined into the condition of the country; and we
find that the United States is at peace with: all the
world.' That will do first rate."
Of course no one has a right to condemn the com
mittee that desired to "roast" the Tillmans and,Mor
gans and other blind leaders of the South who are
seeking by one means or another to deprive the negro
of his just rights. At this juncture, however, when
a number of persons are trying' to render the negro
discontented and dissatisfied with the United States
and are promoting all sorts of schemes, for. -an
exodus to Africa, it is just as well to. act upon the
advice of Bishop Derrick — keep cool and remember
that blank paper is better than an inflammatory ap
peal to passion.. . • .' -
The negroes are not the only people to whom the
wisdom of Bishop Derrick's philosophy may be com :
mended. The whole 'host of those who are forever
looking at. the evils', of , the time and the ; country
might well- profit by reflecting on >®Wh^ndeH^
should t not even Bryan, Altgeld and the rest of their
type take -notice' that the United, States- is at ; peace
with all the world, and let it go at that? Then there
A BRITISH ACADEMY OP LETTERS.
REPORTS from London are to the effect. that
the Royal Society, a-scientific body, has under
consideration a project for the establishment
of a British Academy of Letters.. It is believed the
King would cordially second the undertaking, and
that without any great difficulty it could be carried to
success. ... . ;
The chief motive of the promoters is said to be to
establish an authoritative body to fix the standard of
the English language, and decide upon all questions
of, grammar, spelling and correct usage of words and
phrases. In all bur multitude of grammars and dic
tionaries there are hardly any two that agree, and
consequently many points of spelling and of gram
matical construction in the English tongue are largely
matters' of dispute. The Royal Society, having a de
sire for scientific accuracy in language, hopes.to at
tain, it by establishing an academy with authority to
decide on every point on which scholars, grammarians
and dictionary-makers disagree.
In opposition to the movement it is argued that one
of the'advantages the English language has over other
great languages of the world is its freedom from' aca
demic control. By reason of that freedom our
tongue has a flexibility and a capacity, to adopt "new
words that is possessed by no other language; and,
moreover, since- neither in Great Britain nor in this
country have weaver had an academy ; to make a,dic
tionary, individual enterprise .from the. days of Dr.
Samuel Johnson_dpwn to ourtime has furnished each
generation; with much ¦ dictionaries .than are
possessed by any- other- people. ¦- . ;' - ' .• '
A' British: Academy of Letters could hardly accom
plish as much for our language as has been done for
that of France by the Academie Frahcaise, for its de
cisions' would hardly" receive the deference shown to
the French ltjstitutibn. The^establishment .of such an
institution/however; would serve to give personal dis
tinction,and titles to some forty or fifty men of.-'emi
nence in the world of letters, and perhaps. that alone
.may be a sufficient inducement to ithe promoters*: to
go. ahead with the Some time ago -there
was a 'good A deal of " discussi on 'in' the j East concerning
the I advisability , of establishing I an" American acad
emy, and if the" British establish one there will almost
certainly be ;'a revival-of'thejmovenient here. \ -The
subject* is therefore cne"that is likely to become of
general interest, for should such an academy be under
taken 7 ; there "would". be a lively; discussion over the
selection of the men to compose it ,
. Sometimes I the • town, crier served as a
night -.watch;" * and thete ¦ were also . paid
watchmen with stars and" lanterns, who
called the hours ; of the * night and the
weather, and in stirring, times of war | or
election any unusual item of public news
which chanced to arrive by night-messen
ger. J But ; police • arrangements .were .very
scant 5 and- defective; :¦ honest - folk 'and
timid folk made little use; of the ill-lighted
public streets by; night. In Philadelphia,
until -the - middle of • t the . ¦'< century, were
watchmen, -.usually aged 1 men, ? with ' cape
coats, /lanterns and rattles— very quaint
and •- primitive ¦ figures, v Each one ' had : ; a
shelter ;box; : one is , here 'shown. They
were • four or < five '. feet ,: In > diameter,* con
tai ned : a bench • f or • the . watchman to sit
on,; a few hooks for 'clothing and 'a shelf
for, hi* oil can and torch ; I for. he was usu
ally lamplighter a3 well as < watchman.
Sometimes on cold nights "Charley" crejpt
Ways of the Night Watchmen.
Though coal .was known of in- the eight
eenth century; it attracted little attention
till 1820. Several wagon-loads had' been
brought to Philadelphia' and exploited,*
but the public benefactor was . denounced
as a swindler. .. Coal wagons were scarce
ly a common sight even in. city streets
until 1840.
Brick-dust vendors passed with sand
men who sung "Sand your kitchens; sand
your floors.": No one to-day buys floor
sand,.' but" every.' one wanted It In 1801,
when there were more sanded floors than
carpeted ones. Milkmen carried • mllk
pails or neckyokes to supply customers;
and . bakers' boys delivered cakes and
bread from trays and baskets carried on
their heads.
When the Town Crier Went About.
r The town crier with his bell. added his
voice and. clang to the other confused
sounds. He walked slowly, with, occa
sional stops, crying out lost and found
articles, -notices of articles for sale, , of
town meetings — In fact, such .local events
of temporary interest as would now be
advertised | in a newspaper. Sometimes
he cried them at the lecture or town
meeting. If a - stray domestic .- animal
was found; a cow or a horse, the finder
was required in early days to put about
its^neck as a sign "a wyth or wreath."
Thus bedecked with green branches, the
cow was turned over to. the pound-keeper
while It was cried. ¦. ¦ ¦ . .<
'The crier had a vast amount of busi
ness in announcing lottery drawings,* and
auctions or vendues, which were such a
feature of modes of trade at the begin
ning of the century. Some tradesmen had
private criers.* Here is a notice from a
Boston newspaper: • ; . ,
'As the method, lately practiced by the . Sub
scriber, in having a Person at j his Door, to
Invite , Gentlemen • and others ; to his Public
Sales,* has given .dissatisfaction to some (Gen
tleman Shopkeepers - In Particular), to avoid
glvine Offense for the : future he shall ¦ desist
from that Practice, • and pursue ¦ one (as J fol
lows) which ' he flatters . himself cannot . fail
giving universal Satisfaction,' 'as -'he sincere-
ly wishes so to do. " The Publloare- most-ear
nestly requested 1 to j remember . (for their \ own
advantage) that, for the future. Notice will
be j siven, by sounding a Bell,'.";whlch, he' has
purthaped for that * Purpose, which is .erected
over the Auction . Room , Door, near • the ' Mar-'
ket, . where I constant .-'attendance -:1s
given both ; early . and late, ", to receive - the "¦ fa
vors of all ¦¦ such ¦ who are pleased ¦ to ' confer
on their Much Obliged and Very Humble Ser
vant/M. Bicker. ; . ,.-. '¦¦. ; ¦ v ; • i -;;'._Y- - •¦¦"¦» _
.'The humble and offense-avoiding Bicker
certainly, belied his name.;- ¦¦} ¦;.;¦- v ..;¦ .•
So also have the great loads of "cord
wood" which were delivered in long 16gs in
front of houses, and were sawed • up on
the edge of the sidewalk, even in crowded
city streets. The wood-sawyer . sawed the
logs and sticks into shoft billets, which,
when grown to an armful, were thrown
down a cellarway with the cry, "Way,
piler," to a comrade In. the cellar, who
was making the woodpile. A brawny.fel
low walking past would have a huge ax
over his shoulder and two jingling iron
wedges hanging from it; his cry was
"Spll-l-t wood!" He split the billets Into
kindling wood, a work the sawyer never
shared nor interfered with.
In -the Days of the Woodpile.
' His loud horn became a nuisance and
was prohibited and he triumphantly sub
stituted a great bell. "Sweep-ohs" were
frequent; a few still linger; an old sweep
still passes my Brooklyn house, slnglns
loudly every week during the spring, but
the boy sweeps have vanished. Soft-soap
men passed with wheelbarrows and bar
rels of soft soap, and city housekeepers
who could not conveniently make soft
soap were glad to buy from them. They
still are seen In New England towns,
where they still buy Boap fat from house
keepers; but the accompanying commod
ity, "hickory ashes," has vanished with
wood ftres. •
¦ The streets were noisy, but it was -with
human sounds, the cries of. various arti
sans and vendors; there were none of the
clanging metallic sounds of our modern
machines of travel and transportation, our
whistles, bells and gongs, the puffing rat
tle and banging of our trolley cars, our
cable cars, our elevated roads and en
gines, our bicycles and automobiles. There
were sounds of birds and beasts, for hogs
ranged the sheets unchecked, as public
scavengers, and well-to-do citizens • kept
pigeons and poultry in their town yards;
and at morn and night lowing cattle went
from their homes in town stables to out-:
lying pastures, and thence returned.
The "charcoal man" was a regular city
street vendor, who is not yet extinct, with
his lpng. narrow black wagon, his sinister
countenance and a mournful cry. In Phil
adelphia a popular member of this calling
was 'Jimmy Charcoal," who went
through the city blowing a horn and sing-,
ing: .
Charcoal by the bushel,. ....
Charcoal by the peck.
Charcoal by the fryingpan.
- • Or any way you leek. • . " ,
Noises in the Streets.
New York was but a small place. The
majority of the inhabitants lived below
Cortlandt street and Maiden lane. . ; So
doubtful did It seem that there ever
would be many residents above Chambers
street that when the City Hall was built
In the first years of the century it was
decided that the bad* wall should be of
common red stone instead of granite, for
"who would see It?" The City Hotel was
an important edifice, -where now • stands
the Boreal building. It was the first build
ing in the city to be covered with slate
(in 1S0O) instead of old Dutch tile. There
were public gardens; the Indian Queen
and Tyler's, and away uptown was Kip's
Farm. The Battery was set out pro
fusely with" Lombardy poplars.
The stroller along the city streets saw
little in 1801 to Indicate what any Amer
ican city of to-day would be or, indeed,
to show what any of our smaller towns
would be. For every village to-day has
brick houses, and nearly all have one or
two three-story brick blocks. Boston In
1801. was a city of wooden houses "seldom
enlivened with paint." There was but one
brick house in Tremont street. Mrs.Quln
cy wrote: "The ranges of wooden build
ings, all situated with one end toward
the street, and the numerous chaises
drawn -by one horse, the driver placed on
a low seat in front, appeared to me *very
singular." Beacon street In 1802 had but
four houses. In 1804 the father of Wen
dell Phillips built a brick house there.
There were then in -the town fourteen
churches. The rent of houses was high.
There were no brick sidewalks. in Boston
except in Washington street, near • the
Old South Church. The streets were, as
the saying was, "pitched with pebbles,"
and Mrs. Quincy said every one walked
in the middle of the street because there
the pavements were the smoothest.
Horsemen who galloped in the streets
were fined. There were few street lamps;
there was no gas till 1834. . ¦*
A memorable trial was that of the sev
en Cuban pirates of the ship Panda who
robbed the ship Mexican of Salem ' and
fired her after fastening all the crew be
low. Luckily one skylight of the cabin
proved movable and one of the crew
crawled out and released the others, who
put out the fire, but } kept up a great
smoke till the Panda was out of slehL
The trial was carried on In the Masonic
Temple In Boston, as the court house was
far too small to accommodate the crowd
The pirates were all hanged save one "of
historic name, De Soto. who was nar
doned by the President for a humane ac
tion rendered early In his life to a
wrecked American vessel. He was said
to have been the handsomest man evpr
seen, perfect Iiuface and figure, with sup
erb eyes and eyelashes over an inch long
and the sweetest, gentlest, most lovable
expression ever seen on a human counten
ance.- - . • ¦¦
On the ocean property was most inse
cure," for the high seas were still Infested
with pirates. Merchant ships sailed heav
ily armed and the crews were trained to
fight like men-of-war's men. In 1789 a
friend of the Empress Josephine, sailing
from France to the island of Martinique
was captured by pirates and sold to the
Sultan of Turkey, and became the mother
of the next Sultan. Theodosia Burr Als
ton, the daughter of Aaron Burr, i was
doubtless a later victim of the Barbary
pirates. Hundreds of Americans were
captured ¦ before .the, bands of . the Medi
terranean and Caribbean seas were exter
minated, the brave Decatur having aided
vastly in this great work.
Provisions for the care of the poor have
varied comparatively little. Pauper chil
dren were usually "bound out" In pri
vate^ families ; after an interval of time,
in the midcentury, during which such
bound - service fell into disrepute, it Is
again our custom to-day, and is the best
treatment we now know for infant pau
pers. There were workhouses for pau
pers, and adult, active paupers could be
sola, for a term of service, the purchaser
paying a sum to the town or State In
fi rm and aged Paupers were "vendued"
for the. smallest sum for which any one
would, agree to give them their "keep":
this sum was paid by the town to the
keeper. Paupers— men and women -still
are sold in this way In this country. ,
» • Piracy, on the. Seas.
Caring for the Poor.
To all our Kind Benefactors: Wt poor unfor
tunate Prisoners, of the City Hail of New
lork now humbly beg Leave to return to you
our most grateful Thanks, for your Benevo
lence which we . have received ' to our ereat
Comfort m this our Necessity.
Received we have, Firing, Meat and Pence;
May others follow your. Benevolence.
\v hen we in Prison were, you came to see
What was our Want, and sad Extremity.
We cold and hungry, sick and naked were.
But you us Comfort gave while we were there-
Take your reward, which is Eternal Bliss,
For you reliov'd us when in great Distress.
For this our Thanks to you we freely owe
Pray God may on you double blessings flow.
He that unto the Poor doth freely give-
His double-fold shall of the Lord receive.
I hope Prosperity * may never fall ye;
I am, your Humble Servant. Edward Dally.
- It is pleasant to know that this appeal
met with ready response and kindness. In
a t- new ?. pap . er dat ed a week later appears
the following:
To all charitable Gentlemen ¦ and Ladles*
We poor, unfortunate Prisoners In the City
Hall of New York, humbly be* Leave to ac
quaint you, that we, . besides our Misfortunes
or Confinement, are under great Necessity for
want of Firing, not having at this Time, one
Stick to burn, nor have had for several days,
and the «rrea test Part of us Intlre Strangers
in the Country, so that w« are Quite desti
tute of Friends, as well as all the Necessaries
of Life, and unless we are rellev'd by some
Charitably Dlsuos'd Persons, we must unavoid
ably perish in this Place. Such Persons . as
will relieve us of this our great Necessity of
* irlnff, etc., we shall, as in Duty bound,
nopo that our Misfortunes, may be 'Doubled in
Blesslng« on you and yours. I am for Self
and rest of my Fellow-Prisoners. Gentlemen
and Ladles, your most obedient, humble aer
vant. ¦• . EDWARD DAILY.
Imprisonment for Debt.
Imprisonment for debt 'was a common
practice everywhere. As men could not,
of course, earn money while in prison to
pay their debts, their releases seemed
well-nigh impossible. They bad miserable
cells and wretched food, and their lives
were most pitiable; they begged from
every one who visited the jail and even
called out to passers by from the doors
and windows of their cells. They also ap
pealed through the public' press. Such
notices as this from the New York Gazette
were common: * •
"Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound,?
was indeed a true . view of funerals in
1801. Articles In the house of death, such
as mirrors, vases, pictures, etc., were
shrouded in black or white cloth. The
windows of the house were closed, in some
cases for several months. In Philadel
phia the shutters were tied together with
black bands. Mourning was donned even
for distant relatives and worn long. Every
one went to everybody else's funeral.
Black scarfs and gloves were given to
friends and relatives and bells were tolled.
The dead were usually carried to the
grave by bearers and had to be borne
slowly through -the main streets and past
the Town Hall - and the streets were
blocked, with a rabble of curious citizens,
old . and young, that followed the mourn
ers. Men were appointed by, the Select
men to keep free passages In the streets.
Funerals were forbidden to be held on
Sunday, for such vast crowds followed the
coffin that they became disorderly. Sar
gent, in his "Dealings with the Dead,"
writes at length on this subject. In New
York a "funeral inviter" went from house
to house of friends giving the hour of the
funeral and invitations to it. Gentlemen
walked from the house of mourning to the
grave; women seldom attended funerals
and never were present at the Interment.
Everywhere liquors were given to all who
attended the funeral, whether the dead
person were a man of wealth or a pauper.
Funerals of Former Days.
into his box for a few minutes' shelter
and would sometimes snatch a forbidden
nap. Woe to him if some prowling rogue
or roystering blades -discovered him;, for
they -would fasten the door on the outside
and; call "Watch! Watch!" in tones of
distress; sometimes they upsetthe watch
box with the watchman in it; for it was
not heavy, and was not attached. to side
walk or fence. The streets were lighted
by heavy oil lanterns, which hung over
the middle of the, roadway on ropes or
wires stretched across from wall to wall
or between posts. These lanterns were at
tached to a pulley which enabled the
watchman to draw them I to I the posts
which he would ascend by means of his
ladder, and thus refill the lanterns with
whale oil.
There is nothing essentially new in the statements
of the ex-Minister, but none the less it is well to
have the old truths restated at this time by men who,
like Mr. Denby, speak with the authority of per
sonal experience and high character. The peace of
China has been disturbed not so much by the Box
ers as by the European aggressions that provoked the
Boxers, and .the sooner that fact is understood the
sooner we are likely to have once_more the peace
ful China of the. past. "
That among these various organizations there exist
sojne whose members are hostile to foreigners is not
to be denied. Intolerance of alien ideas and prejudice
against persons of other lands are feelings that can
be found among all races. Moreover, the excellence
of the institutions of China is marred to a great de
gree by the corruption of the higher ,ofncials, and it
is not denied there is urgent need of reform. Con
ceding the truth, therefore, of many of the charges
made against China, Mr. Denby denies that she has
forfeited the right to self-government, and goes on
to ask: "How- is it that without protest, let or hin
drance she has become the prey of European powers?
By what right was opium forced uopn her, defenseless
people? Why are her provinces parceled out as
'spheres of influence' for any power which chooses to
arrogate to itself dominion over them? Why to-day
is the ominous shadow of partition resting on her
broad domains?" v
To that free and easy system of government China
adds a high respect for education, giving it the fore
most place in the state. Of the mutual helpfulness
of the Chinese Mr. Denby says: "China is full of
all kinds of clubs and associations. * * * There
are burial clubs, temperance societies, mutual insur
ance clubs, societies to aid the needy of all ages and
sexes. There are guilds for every branch of business.
The Emperor clothes all the beggars in Peking once
a year,' and issues rations to them all through the
winter months. Rich men give largely to charity.
Schools for boys and girls exist all over China. In
Canton alone there are thirty colleges."
Of their government Mr., Denby. says that while it
is "in frame and shape autocratic, it is the most
democratic in the world." It governs less, perhaps,
than any other government. Its taxation is small,
and its interference~with the people nominal. * * *
There are no political parties, and politics are not dis
cussed in the tea shops. The city furnishes all the
freedom of the rural districts, while in the village the
head man is the only authority. There the villagers on
suitable occasions cuff the magistrate, drag him from
his seat and pull off his official boots— the acme of
insult. When he appeals to the Government it says
to him that if he cannot get along with the people
he had better retire, which he does." -
GHARLES DENBY. who for many years was
United States Minister to China, has contrib
uted to the Philadelphia Record an elaborate
review of the salient characteristics • of the Chinese
and their government," and in so doing has once more
pointed out that the Chinese are by no means so bar
barous as a good many Americans and Europeans
imagine. In fact, it appears their government and
their entire T social polity are for them much better
than anything a European power could substitute.
CHINA AND HER QUESTIONS.
Again the' English Derby has been won by an
American, the triumphant horse. being piloted by an
American jockey. It might nst be unwise for our
English friends, to take a few days off and tell us
really what they can do .successfully in the field of
sports. •
Such work will be a great object lesson to the
States and to the owners of private forests, and it
should be entered upon at once, or the reservations,
made to preserve the forests, will become the most
potent agency of their destruction.
We have a closed season for certain fish and game.
The deer that range in the forest are protected by law.
The bucks may be shot only at certain seasons, and
does and. fawns must not be killed at all. But when
the large interests of mankind are considered what
is the extermination of deer compared with the de
struction of the forests in which they find cover?
Not only must the States take up this subject on lines
far more extreme than the excellent beginning made
in North Carolina, but the Federal Government must
speedily enter upon the'proper foresting of its timber
reservations, or they will be destroyed by fire. The
duff and dead wood are rapidly accumulating in those
reservations, and their destruction is certain unless
they are carefully forested. The Government has a
bureau of animal industry and distributes lymph to
cure swine plague and black leg. But the forests
cannot be renewed as rapidly as hogs and cattle.
Why not employ a proper force of trained foresters,
graduates of the Pinchot School at Yale and. of the
New York Forestry School at Cornell, to take
charge of all these reservations and superintend the
clearing of their floor, to prevent the spread of fire?
But it is ( not so with a forest. Under the condi
tions in California, so favorable to coniferous trees,
thirty years are required to produce a merchantable
tree. . Then why not protect the young timber as well
as the young fish and immature veal?
The State of California regulates the age at which
calves may be slaughtered for veal, and punishes se
verely the taking of food fishes below a certain size.
The dealer caught in possession of immature veal
or undersized fish suffers confiscation of the prop
erty, is fined and may be imprisoned. But, consid
ered as a crop, veal and fish are quick growing and
the crop is rapidly renewed, so that the loss by im
proper utilization of either is soon repaired.
It is difficult to conceive of greater injury to others
than is wrought by the extermination of forests.
Wherever it is done the climate is unfavorably af
fected, the fertility of the soil is injured, and all the
future suffers damage. This being so, it is hardly
a doubtful legal experiment for a State to regulate
the cutting of timber en lands in private ownership,
so as not to interrupt the oncoming growth of forest.
If North Carolina can limit ihe area of forest that a
corporation may acquire, she may also regulate the
amount of timber that may be cut on such tract
and the method by which it is to be taken. Instead
of permitting trees to be cut down to eight or six
inches in diameter, such trees may be protected and
left standing until they have reached a larger diame
ter, and- when they are cut the operation must not
destroy the growing crop.
This law is a mild protective measure that will for
a time arrest the wholesale slaughter of the forests.
But it is by no means all that is required. Each State
under its* police powers probably has the right to
regulate the harvesting of timber. States regulate
various industrial operations. They direct how coal
measures shall be timbered and mined, and how
manufactures shall be carried on. The mines, manu
factures and industries so regulated belong to their
owners and operators, who are only using their own.
But the law permits the use of one's own only in
such way as does not injure another.
North Carolina had, probably, the greatest variety
of valuable forest trees found in the South. The
News and Courier has information from Raleigh, in.
that State, of legislation intended to preserve the for
ests. It says that great quantities of pine, as well as
spruce, walnut, chestnut, hickory, maple and other
forest, have been bought up of late years, sometimes
thousands of acres in a lot, and the timber, upward
of one hundred million feet annually, has been
shipped in logs to mills outside the State. To stop
this a law was passed by the last Legislature provid
ing that no corporation shall be allowed to hold or
lease more than 300 acres of timber land unless it
maintains' a mill within the-State at which the lum
ber it cuts shall be manufactured, and no corporation,
unless created under the laws of North Carolina and
having its principal place of business in . the State,
shall hold more 'than 300 acres of timber land. Vio
lation of the law works escheat' of -the timber land
to the State.
THE Charleston's. C.) - News and Courier,
noting approvingly The Call's warning against
the coming timber famine, repeats it for the
benefit of. the Southern States, where the forests of
pine, oak, hickory and walnut are rapidly dis
appearing.
alsodo well to accept the Bishop's counsel the next
time they are called upon ; ; to make a;: report, and,
finally, there is the whole] multitude of pessimists. In
short, the people at this' particular juncture do not
care to hear the complaints or the ragings of any
class of. persons who believe -that tilings' are going
wrong, and accordingly almost all committees ap
pointed to report on the- condition • of the- country
can hardly do. better than to r'epdrt: '"We find the
United. States is at peace with all the world." The
country is all. right, and most folks are satisfied.
PRESERVING THE FORESTS.-
is a mass of reformers: of various kinds that might
A volume that will appeal to lovers of
romantic and legendary stories will be
issued before the month is out by Messrs.
S. H. Bonxneld. It is written and illus
trated by Allan Fea. and is entitled "Se
cret Chambers and Hiding Places of
Great Britain." Now. a secret chamber
has always been a favorite subject of
the novelist. It was Lytton who -wrote,
"How could I help writing romances aft
er living among the secret panels and
hiding places of our dear old home?" The
history of the secret panel, opening 1 in a
picture which concealed a stairway, has
peen associated with many strange
events. Country houses dating back two
or three centuries generally contain "hid
ing holes," as they used to be called. Mr.
Fea's book promises to be interesting.
Here Is news, indeed! The famous de
tective. Sherlock Holmes, is not dead,
after all. He has only been resting and
did not end his career over that terrible
precipice in Switzerland, for his creator,
Dr. Conan Doyle, will shortly resume tha
story of the marvelous feats of the de
tective's ingenuity.
The two Misses Fowler are absolutely
unspoiled by their very considerable suc
cess in the world of literature. Their
father. Sir Henry Fowler, it is said, is
considerably more interested in their lit
erary efforts than in his own work of the
political world and reads every notice of
their books with the keenest interest. Hi*
stories of bygone Methodism greatly help
ed his daughters, adding a lifelike Inter
est to their books.
It Is not perhaps very generally known
that Miss Edith Fowler wrote books be
fore her sister, Ellen Thorneycroft Fow
ler, had made her name with "Isabel Car
naby." Miss -Edith Fowler had already
written "The Professor's Children" and
"The -Young Pretenders." The sisters,
says Malnlv- About People, criticize each
other's work very freely and, unlike many
sisters, • take the advice of one another.
The younger of the two recently pub
lished another book, the scene of which
is laid in Devonshire, and a serial story
of hers which will shortly appear In book
form, entitled "The World and "Winslow,"
is now running through one of the mag
azines. -.
Such a volume, however, is about to be
published by Messrs. Chatto & Wlndus.
It is the life story of a well-known man
of letters. The title is "The Lover's Prog
ress. Told by Himself." He dedicates it
to all who love. There is a good deal
said about the -war of 1S70, besides many
stories of Napoleon III., the present Em
peror of Austria, Bismarck, Count An
drassy, Johann Strauss, Qffenbacbv Howe,
the medium, and Dumas tils. There ara
numerous anecdotes relating to Bohemian
life In London twenty. years ago.
Messrs. Fisher-Unwin have in prepara
tion a large book • of reminiscences by
Harry Furniss, forming his autobio
graphy. There will be two volumes of
more than 300 pictures, many made spe
cially for the occasion. The. author tells
of hia early days, his arrival In London
and his experiences until hia appointment
to the staff of Punch. He also describes
his Parliamentary career, his tours In
Australia and America, the latter of
which included experiences of a Presi
dential election.
An anonymous autobiography is not
often' met, with In literature.
Cavallere Slndici's visit to London, quit©
apart from his lecture before the Dante
Society, has some public interest.
Readers. of the human documents writ
ten in revolt by his daughter under the
pen name of "Kassandra .Vlbarla"- may
be interested to know that he was her
delighted guest, .now that she la settled
In London as Mrs: Heihemann.
Very different was the fat© foreshad
owed for her ."in the circular which her
publisher, who is now her husband. Issued
when "Via Lucia" was published. Her
destination was therein described as the
convent cell, which no echo of the world s
praise or blame was " to reach either to
exhilarate or to ruffle. > -
The peerage given to Sir Alfred Milner
will -fcause delay In the publication of the
book written about him by E. B. Iwan
Muller. The volume was to have been
called "Sir Alfred Milner and His Work."
but the honor ' conferred on him by the
King will entail typographical alterations
on nearly every page. Iwan Mailer was
a friend of Milner before went to
Oxford. Curiously enough, the names
stand next to each other in the alpha
betical order, in the first class of the clas
sical "greats" for December, 1876. The
book will open with an account of Lord
Milner's early career, up to his appoint
ment as High , Commissioner for South
Africa, and will contain a review of South
African history.'
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS
- (COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
. ¦ •
XVI.— STREET . SCENES.
AND DRINKERS," ETC.
By -c\.lio© Mors© Earl©.
AUTHOR OF "STAGE COACH AND TAVERN DAYS," "OLD-TIME DRINKS
Strange Sounds and Scenes Which Enliv
ened the Streets of American
Cities of a Century Ago.
H The San Francisco Call ;
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRAN€ISCO CALL, FRIDAY- -JUNE £7, 1901.
FRIDAY........... ............. JUNE 7, iQQi
¦ JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrtsi All Cemmcnieatioaf to W. S. LEASE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pretm 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone rre»i 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prefts 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including: Poitarei
DAILT CALL (Including Suncay). one year $6.M
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 8 "months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month .* «5c
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear "... 1-00
All- pout maulers are nnthorlsed to receive
snbscriptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
Muagcr Ftrelga Adrtrtisinf , Xtrguttt Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLT05 Herald Square
: NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
ITEPEEJf B. SMITH . ....... 3O Tribune Building;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent&no, SI Union Square;
Hurray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebcrmaa Eonae; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL
WASHWGTOV <D. C-> OFFICE 14O6 G St.. W. W.
MOHTOS E. CRA>'E, Correspondent.
BHAK CH OFFICES-— 537 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tmill J:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
f :30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until > o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty ¦second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2300 FUlznore. open until • p. m.
Local citizens who have served as trial jurors in
criminal cases are again clamoring for their pay from
the municipality: They should join forces with the
unpaid merchants* and contribute what they did not
receive to our rapidly increasing fund of patriotism.
6
AJEnrrjSEHENTS.
Grand Oper»-l»otJBe — "Zm. To»ea.* #
CaHfornta— "A Colonial GlrL~
Central— "Old Glory."
TtToll— "The Toy Maker."
Orpbemn — Vaudeville. ..
Columbia — ""Gudfireons.**
Alnexxr — *Tor Bonnie Prince Charlie."
OJympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•Train*.
F'lscher' s — Vandevme.
Recreation Park — Baseban.
Sutra Baths— Swiimning.
Plenle— At Shell Mound Park to-morrow.
Rnieryvtlle Racetrack— Races to-day. •
AUCTION RAT.TIS.
By Wm- G. Laynr — This day, at 11 o'clock. Trottlns
Horses, at Itl Howard street-
By Fred H. Chase & Co.— This day. Horses, at 1732 Market
etreet.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWI FOR THE SDIMER.
Call ¦nbacrtbera ceotemplattnc a chanc* *f
Kaideaec daring; the rammer montha can ham
«Wtr paper forwarded by mall to their mew
midreMea by notifying The Call Bnalneu Office.
Tkla paper will also be on iale at all nmiut
¦vaorts and la represented by s local ageat in
all town «n th* coast.The Southern \ Pacific filed with the
Railroad Commissioners yesterday an an
swer "to the complaint of John" La Blanc,
a prominent", oilman of - Bakersfleld. - La
Blanc in his\romplaiht alleged that the
rates charged by the railroad companies
for hauling petroleum , were excessive,
and so high that there was no profit left
for the producer. He also claimed that
the price of $5 for switching cars from Oil
City to the spurs adjacent to the wells
was exorbitant. ¦ ? "
The answer- ro the complaint is signed
by Attorney Foulds of the Southern Pa
cific and is a lengthy document. The at
torney in his reply claims that the price
of oil at the present time is low through
the . mismanagement of oil men in gen
eral; that they keep cutting the price of
petroleum to try and compete with each
other and that the result is that oil is
sold far too cheap. He also pointed out
that a number of the oil companies /are
so short of funds that they have not
enough capital to even build an oil tank
to store the oil for. a short" time, but
have to rush it straight to the market.
The answer also argues that the price
of switching is perfectly fair, and that
the Southern Pacific can see no over
charges or any reason why the "present
prices for transporting petroleum should
be changed. <." ;
A complaint has also been filed against
the Santa Fe Railway on v the same
grounds, but no" answer has been filed,
pending which no action will be taken in
the matter by the Railroad Commission
ers.
The Southern Pacific Company, has is
sued a new order in regard to the check
ing of baggage. In 'the future all bag
gage must be presented for checking at
the Ferry depot not less than 15 minutes
prior to schedule time for the departure
of the boat connecting with the train on
which such baggage is to be forwarded.
The same rule will also govern the check
ing of baggage at the depot at Third and
Townsend streets. * • . • . ' .
Baggage Must Be at Depot
Fifteen Minutes Prior to
Train Time.
Southern Pacific Attorr
ney Gives His Views
on Oil Question.
FOULDS MAKES
SUGESTIONS
MRS. H. WORMS. WHO WAS CHOSEN SUB-CHIEF COMPANION OF
THE GRAND CIRCLE, COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST, AFTER AN
EXCITING ELECTION AT YESTERDAY'S SESSION.
THE Grand Circle of the Compan
ions of the Forest of America held
another session in Elks Hall yes
terday. The morning was taken
¦ up in passing upon the acts and de
cisions'of the grand chief companion and
of the executive council. All of these
were approved. The principal matter con
sidered was the action of the executive
council in granting T. F. Blake of Grass
Valley a certificate as member at large,
he at the time being a member of Inde
pendence Circle, which was suspended by
ilrs. Flora Jacobs, then grand chief com
panion, for insubordination. The execu
tive council gave as a reason for its action
that it had ascertained that Mr. Blake
was blameless, and believing that one who
was innocent should not be made to suffer
for the wrongdoings of others, had
granted him the certificate. It was also
shown that since he had been readmitted
into the order he had organized a circle
in the city in which he lives that had since
grown to have 129 members.
The committee on " honored dead pre
sented a report giving the names of those
wl:o had passed, away since the previous
session and extending sympathy to the
relatives of those deceased.
The afternoon session was taken up in
the election of the grand officers. There
among the passengers who' sailed for
Europe on the Hamburg- American Ex
press S. S. Columbia- from New York
May 30: Mrs. George -D. Sperry and
daughter.Miss Bertha Hansen, Miss Clara
Mentzel. Mr. P. A. Dean and Mr. Robert
Meierhoff.
Hazel Abrahamson is spending her va
cation in Portland, Ore. :
• On the Hamburg-American Line S. S.
Phoenicia, ¦which sailed from New York
was a contest for almost every office ex
cept that of grand chief- companion and
grand financial secretary., Following is the
result of the election:
Chief companion. Miss Alice Tlcoulet of San
Francisco; bud chief companion, Mrs. H.
Worms of San Francisco; financial secretary.
Miss Agnes D. Bremer of Alameda; recording
secretary, Mrs. Lizzie Atwood of San Fran
cisco; treasurer, Mrs. R. Kemp Van Es of San
Francisco; marshal, F. A. Wallace -of San
Diego; right guide, Anna Rogge of Watson-:
Mile; left guide, Miss M. Olsen of San Jose;
Inside guard, Mrs. S. E. Ellis of Santa Ana;
outside guard, Mrs. O'Callaghan of San Fran
cisco Circle: organist, ¦ Mrs. M. Melehan of
Petaluma; trustees — Miss E. Rappin of San
Francisco, Mrs. J. H. Krimmlnjfer of Los
Angeles, Mrs. N. E. Smith of San Francisco;
supreme representative, Mrs. L. Atwood.
San Francisco was selected as the next
place of meeting, after which the newly
elected officers were Installed by Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, junior past grand chief com
panion. ?
In the evening 1 there was a banquet un
der the direction of Dr. Atwood, Mrs. St.
Clair, M. Levy, Mrs. Mary Connell and
Mrs. A. Levy. Jacob Label was the toast
master. The' toasts were responded to by
Miss Alice Ticoulet, Mrs. F. Jacobs, Miss
A. D. Bremer, Mrs. Emma Agnes Har
rington, Mrs. L. Cordy, John J. Cordy,
Lucy Field, Mrs. J. H. Krimminger and J.
Label.
June 1, were: Dr. Thomas H. Winslow,
Mrs. Thomas H. Winslow and children,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kunsting and Mr.
George Mayer.
The Dry Goods Men's Association grave
a smoker last evening at Concord Hall,
Al^izar building. The officers of the as-
Sociation are: H. Geisen, president;
Yank Tuchler, vice president; E. J. Dur
nen, recording secretary; George Brown,
financial secretary; J. Bowman, treasur
er; B. Hirsch, marshal.
Never was there a more elegant affair
thai; tho luncheon given yesterday by
Mrs. Eleanor Martin in honor of Miss
Mary Scott. Mrs. Martin has been host
ess at many swell entertainments, but
yesterday the hospitable lady surpassed
even the best she has heretofore offered.
The-elegant Martin home on the corner
of Buchanan and Broadway was abloom
with rare and delicate blossoms. In the
white and gold drawing-room, wfth its
dainty pompadour furnishings, white
roses and trailing vines were used. In the
blue drawing-room La France roses lent
their fragrance and their beauty, and in
the east drawing-room I carnations of
.every known variety filled every bowl
and vase. .
In the dining-room four large round
tables were each differently and elabor
ately decorated. At _the table at which
Miss Scott was seated the color effect
was white and green. 'White iris and
delicate ferns were used, the Iris rising
straight and gracefully from a bed of
cool greenery. The second table was In
yellow and white. The flowers used were
the new white poppy with the golden
heart, dandelion puffs and coreopsis.
The popples were placed In a little vase
in the center of the table. A garland of
the brilliant coreopsis surrounded the
poppies, and the dandelion puffs broke at
intervals the golden garland.
The third table was decorated with
heartsease, maidenhair fern and trailing
vines of clematis.
At the fourth table gladioli shading
from a shell pink to a deep red and five
fingered ferns made an exquisite decora
tion. Luncheon was • served at 1:30
o'clock.
Mrs. Martin wore an elegant gown of
black point d'esprit over white silk. The
skirt was made en train and finished off
with tiny flounces. The corsage was
trimmed with old Duchesse lace and jet.
Diamond ornaments were worn. Mrs.
Martin's guests were:
Mrs. H. T. Scott. Mrs. Monroe Salisbury,
Mrs. P. McG. Mcßean, Mrs. Maus, Mrs.
George Martin, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs.
William Taylor. Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Mrs.
Dan Earl, Mrs. Stephen Field, Mrs. Latham
McMullin, Mrs. John Parrott, Mrs. Mountfort
Wilson, Mrs. Russell J. Wilson, Mrs. A. M.
Easton, Mrs. Athearn Folger, Princess Ponia
towski, Mrs. Reginald Knight Smith, Mrs. S.
S. White, Miss Mary Scott, Miss Genevleve
King, Mies Cora Smedbergr, Miss Alice Hager,
Miss Ethyl Hager, Miss Fanny Loughborough,
Miss Josephine Loughborough, Miss Edith Mc-
Bean, Miss Elena Robinson, Miss Kate May
Dillon, Miss Rochester, Miss Laura McKlnfctry,
Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Sophia- Pierce, Miss
Caro Crockett, Miss Casserly, Miss Carolan,
Miss Genevieve Carolan, Miss Whlttell. Miss
Elizabeth Center, Miss Mary Jolliffte, Miss Jen
nie Blair, Miss Bertha Sidney Smith, Miss
Georglna Hopkins, Miss Frances Hopkins, Miss
Susanne Green, Miss Linda Cadwalader, Miss
Eleanor Morrow, Miss Ethel Keeney, Mis Gwin
ette Henley, Mrs. George Morse.
Mrs. J. Haslacher entertained the
Science class 1901 Mills College at a
luncheon given at the Hotel Pleasanton,.
recently. Covers were laid for nineteen^
Smilax, ferns, palms and the class flower, (
sweet peas, were used for decorating. The
following were present: Mrs. J. Haslach
er, Mrs. C. T. Mills, Mrs. Captain Colson,
Miss Eje, the Misses Spieker, Sells, Bur
gess, Dwlnell, Miller, Jesse, Jackson,
Pinkham, Richards. Hildreth, Rice. Ken
nan, Sartori. Kimball and Haslacher.
Mrs. M. Ulmer gave a very enjoyable
progressive whist party at her home Fri
day afternoon. May 31. Mrs. George G.
Foster captured the firsfprize and Mrs. C.
C. Morris received the consolation prize.
Among the names in the passenger list
of the Hamburg-American liner Auguste
Victoria, which arrived in Europe on
Thursday, wero: Mr. and Mrs. S. Feucht
wanger and maid, Master Herbert
Feuchtwanger, Master Walter Feucht
wanger, Master Henry N. Feuchtwanger.
wanger, Miss L. Beatrice Feauchtwan-
The following Pacific Coast people were
Fifty Guests Gather Around
Four Prettily Decorated -
Tables.
Splendid Function Given
by Mrs. Eleanor
Martin.
SWELL LUNCHEON
TO MARY SCOTT
DELMAS TO LECTURE ON TRUSTS.
D. • M. Delmas will deliver a lecture on
trusts to-morrow night at the Academy
cf Sciences before the Economic League.
This Is the third of the series conducted
under the auspices of the University As
sociation of Chicago.
Part L 1-Overture. orchestra. 2-Ver
xnonters quartet, J. C. Flood, George Wal
lace. J. E. Donahue, J. J. Colgan. 3— Ban-
Jo duet. J. E. Appleby. Harry F. Hast
ings. 4 — Song's and monologue, \V. J.
Hynes. "The Player," a comedy in two
acts. John Clark. Frederick Gilbert;
Chi:rles Sefton, George R. Vevoda; Mr.
Smith, Charles Travers; Hr. Gilfeend. Al
fred LaMonte; Thomas, Robert W. Bell;
Aiice Clark, Cecilia Harmon; Miss Ara
minta .Rogers. Virginia Brisac; Mrs.
fcrclth, Julie Stevlla; Edward Kean, Mr.
Reginald Travers. Scene— Library In -Mr.
Clark's bouse. ' ' ", "r" r •' v ';':
The meshes In the net of condemning
evidence which the prosecution is labor
ing to weave about "Sir" Harry West
wood Cooper, alias Ernest Moore Chad
wick, were materially strengthened yes
terday. But for all that it will be more
than a week before the case will, be ready
for submission to the jury for judgment.
The courtroom continues to be I crowded
with spectators eager to catch a glimpse
of the prisoner and to hear again how
"Sir Harry" gained the hand of pretty
Norine Schneider. The defendant, no
matter who the witness was or how dam
aging his testimony, maintained the same
impassive countenance, the same indif
ferent almost apathetic manner .
Although the allegation of bigamy was
not proven beyond, a shadow of a doubt
yesterday, some very damaging bits of
testimony along. that line were introduced.
John A. Pickett, clerk of the Hotel Lang
ham, testified that the defendant came to
the hotel in August, 1897, with a woman
whom he acknowledged as his wife. The
woman wag not Norine Schneider.
This testimony was corroborated by
Captain . Seymour, who testified that on
August 31, 1897, he visited the Langham
for the purpose of placing Cooper under
arrest. He was requested Dy "Sir" Harry
to notify "his wife" of the reason for his
si^lden absence. Subsequently he dis
covered a marriage .certificate among
Cooper's effects and- was requested 'by
him to deliver it to "Mrs. Cooper" at' the
Langham Hotel. The marriage certificate,
which was issued in the Province of
Ontario, Canada, was introduced In evi
dence. ' . .
Captain Seymour further testified that
the defendant on one occasion had asked
if a plea of guilty to the charge of forg
ery were made would the penalty be de
creased. On that occasion, although deny
ing that he wrote the telegram which was
forwarded to Norine Schneider, Cooper ac
knowledged that he was responsible for
the Bending of. the message.
. Writing Experts Kytka and Eisenchim
mel. who have been employed by the po
lice to make a study of Cooper's penman
ship, occupied the stand during the en
tire afternoon. They were positive that
"Sir" Harry's was the hand that penned
the famous telegram. Many exemplars
of Cooper's writing had been introduced
for identification, and the experts had
made an exhaustive study of them.
Mme. Laura Germain and Attorney
Humphrey were called to the stand to
identify specimens of Cooper's handwrit
ing, which were admitted for further
identification. William S. Cowtn, the tele
graph operator at Crockett, identified the
telegram as one which had been forward
ed to Norine Schneider from this city.
- Ah adjournment was taken until Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock.
Prosecution Introduces
Some Damaging
Evidence.
MESHES DRAWN
AROUND COOPER
ber of Stanford Parlor and of St. An
drew s Society, is a promising young busi
ness man.
The honeymoon win be spent at Blue
Lakes and Highland Springs. The future
home of the newly wedded pair will be in
Berkeley. >
Those present at the wedding were Mr.
and Mrs. Andrew Wilkie. Mr. and Mrs. H.
W. Freiermuth, Mr. and Mrs. John Mc-
Laren, Mrs. Andrew Wilkie Jr.. Mr. Don
ald McLaren, Miss Laura Freiermuth, Mr
Walter Wilkie. Mr. Henry Freiermuth!
Miss Isabelle Wilkie and Miss Mary L.
PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN'S
SON AND HANDSOME GIRL
WHO IS NOW HIS BRIDE.
Mrs. Alta D. Hatten. a young widow
who is employed in a photograph gallery
and lives at 35 Sixth street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Fritz's court yester
day for the arrest of William J. Lock
hart, on a charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement.
Mrs. Hatten met Lockhart about three
months ago while they were boarding at
121 Fulton street. Lockhart is a carriage
painter and was at the time employed in
a shop on Golden, Gate avenue. He was
very attentive to Mrs. Hatten's little boy,
and then she says he began making "goo
goo eyes" at her. He ¦was known as "goo
goo eyes" in the boarding house, she
cays. Owing to his attentions to her boy,
they began to bow to each other and fin
ally entered into conversation.
Lockhart, after they became acquaint
ed, told her that he was an aeronaut,
and said if she bad any funds to tide
over preliminary difficulties and would
join him in a partnership in the business,
he was sure they would make money. He
said he had a balloon but it was in
pawn, and if she would advance him
the money to redeem it he would take it
to Los Angeles, where he has an engage
ment tc make an ascension. She would
get 40 per cent of the receipts.
Mrs. Hatten advanced the money to
take the balloon out of pawn, and paid
Lockhart's fare and her own to Los An
geles, but whea they got there Lockhart
informed her. that the engagement was
off and they returned to the city, she
paying both fares and all expenses.
Nothing daunted, Lockhart continued
to delude the accommodating wid
ow, and grot her to believe that
he could secure remunerative en
gagements for balloon ascensions in
New Mexico, and on June 1 she gave him
the money to purchase tickets for him
and herself to Albuquerque. That was
the last Ehe has seen or heard of him,
and she is now convinced that he has
been deceiving her all the time, as she
Fays she has learned that he is not an
aeronaut but a carriage painter. Alto
gether she says she has advanced him
$195 on his aeronaut proposition. v» -^
VERMONTERS WILL ENTERTAIN.
The Paclflc Coast Association Native
Sons of Vermont will give an entertain
ment and dance in Odd Fellows' Hall
this evening. The entertainment prom
ises to be unusually interesting. Follow
ing- is the programme:
Widow Hatten Advances
Coin to an Alleged
Aeronaut.
BALLOON SCHEME
WINS HER FANCY
• ;
ENEATH a floral bell of fragrant
white blossoms Miss Eva L.
Freiermuth, the younger daugh
_. ter of H. W. Freiermuth, was
united In marriage Wednesday
evening: at 9 o'clock to Frank A. Wilkie,
the second eon of Andrew Wilkie, propri
etor Of the Mechanics' Mill. The wedding
took place in the parlors of the home of
the bride's parents. The rooms were ar
tistically decorated with a profusion of
roses, ferns and foliage. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. Donald McLaren acted as best
mart, while the bride was attended by her
eister. Miss Laura Freiermuth.
After the ceremony had been performed
those present repaired to the dining-room,
where a repast was served. The table was
tastefully adorned with flowers and in the
center was placed a magnificent bouquet
of American Beauty roses. During the
supper toasts were responded to by the
following named: Frank A. Wilkie, Don
ald McLaren, Mr. Freiermuth and Mr.
Wilkie Sr.
The bride received her education in the
schools of this city and is a graduate of
the Girls' High School. She is a petite
brunette and is deemed very beautiful.
The groom, who is a prominent mem-
THE SA^ FRAISTCISCQ JOAIiLjA^RTDAY, /jtj:N"E>7,. 1901. .'
PROMINENT NATIVE SON WEDS
ONE OF CITY'S FAIREST GIRLS
Frank A. Wilkie and Miss Eva Freiermuth Are Mar
ried at the Residence of the Bride's Parents
Under a Beautiful Bell Made of White Blossoms
EXECUTIONS OF GRAND OFFICERS
CAUSES MANY LIVELY CONTESTS
Grand Circleot Companions of the Forest Chooses
by Ballot Those Who Will Be at the Head of
Its Affairs— Delegates Banquet in the Evening
• >•
7
/ CONSTIPATED
Means misery on the eve of life. Nine out
¦j-^^^^^^^^^^^S^ W&Z§z£> °f ten °^ people are constipated because the
'^'^^^^^^L^^r '•«— Sralii^ muscles of their intestines have become
iSSIBsSi^ weak, worn out and flabby. Constipation
1 k *^ c curse °* olc * age ' causes c an< *
ac^ P°^ ons to reft l *" l m the hlood, making
Jrfyffijii a Wms.^f^ ltst\fm\ 1 fiP^P *^ c skin yellow and wrinkled, the eyes
bleary and causing the "bones to ache."
illf J^^wi^J^^^k * *ss-/^ Keep the bowels strong, healthy and regular
'If 'Jmps — anc * °^ age oses a^ itsterrors anc * wea^-
V\i (^^^^m^lM^J^^&JMf/l nesses » No reason why grandpa and
\%^^^mL^^W^^^mr/ grandma shouldn't have bright eyes, and
"^^^j^^^^^i^/^^^ \w Ifffl/^ de*tt ruddy skin and feel lively and active,
•^Mr t^l/frfk *^ cv w^ on^ v k ee l? *heir bowels open and
<^J\ Jsm^ws* 'fflmr^ vigorous with CASCARETS CANDY
SJf -^^^^^^-^^71)7 1) l^^S CA THARTIC > greatest bowel tonic
if '^^^^W '/ / Yw? cv^r heard of. Try them to-day — a 50c
v (Oh ' '•/ > l ])! box — a whole month's treatment— and find
• ¦ /^p()2ssS=P»* that the tortures of constipated old age are
S * m *^^ PREVENTED BY
jftfflfcH V^^L H J<cl Bfl^ EB ¦HBtt I NH
LIVER XOINIC gjn^T^
ALL DRUGGISTS. IW B ™ M SOLD IN BULK.
ftlinP a" bowel tronblea. appendlcltta, ' Ml- All ¦¦% ¦ ll"i"i"B"l^ TOCTTREi FI y?7^^f^S"
1 1 II II P on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul llllllßlllllßrrl ££? li^ miuioa b«iJ a
Uyißb mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples, UUfll 17111 I LLU Sl^.'^te" thaa
P iA n st a^ r 1 * trouble, saflow complexion similar medicine la tha world. *Thl« l«ab»olnte proof ojf I,\
and dizziness. \Vlicn your bowels don't move rejfU- . grrnt merit, and nar b« ( t teitlmonlal. W« bay« faith »nd '
larly you are getting Nick. Constipation Icllld more : -will sell CASCABfiTS abaolntely enarmnteed to core or
people than all other diseases together. It Is a . ' "• on «y reft ««>2«««- >^ Gotaytodsj, *X° r^JS^SS
• ¦' Starter for the chronic ailments and lon«- vnars of fair, honest trial, us per simple directions, ana ir yon ore
alls you, start taking OASCARETB to-day, for you «™nSied O ft. t^ad Jet^ur »oneJbSt?ftr^tS
will never get well and be well all the llmeuntil bozei. Talksowadvlcr-nouatterwhatafliyon-itertto. .
you pat your bowels right. Take our adr_e: start - day. Health will Htnlckly rollow and yon will blew the day
• . ¦• '-• :¦¦ ¦¦-•.- - : ¦. ¦ ¦¦/ ; .. ; >•' ¦.¦¦•¦, ¦ •¦ ';'" '*" ' ¦¦.• '¦> '. .--'-• . .-' ¦¦¦:•.¦'-?¦¦¦¦¦-':¦ --. ; -.; '-¦¦¦.-¦ : ; -
n ' ' —^— • — ~ ~ - ~~^~*~— . i i i— —^^ t
•17* ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
i ¦
SSI •¦rafiLicivi ¦
J^jgteJ; ¦ .JBaKftl Alfa I I/It
cheaper than *you can any- .-'
where • else. "We guarantee
these goods and will return
money if not satisfactory.
Our Optical . Department Is
thoroughly up to the hour In
. every particular.
Maxt-SJiirpecPtop. # 42fmiPD~SX
AMUSEME3TTS. '
*TIVOLI*
"SHOW AND BUSINESS NEVER BETTER.**
EVENINGS AT 8. - " ' *
ANOTHER BIG TOY SOCYENIR
MATINEE SATURDAY, June Bih, at 2.
"EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH , A SOUVENIR TOT ATTENDING '¦
- « 11 I V ¦ .. i ¦
TOY MAKER!
POPULAR PRICES •. 25c and SOa
¦ Telephone— Bash 9. /
VAUDEVILLE'S [CHOICEST GEMS ;
HINES , AND REMINGTON. FLORENCE
BINDLEY. MARTTNETTI AND SUTHER-
LAND. FLATT AND SUTHERLAND. THE-
BIOGRAPH
And Final Week of
GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD. LEW SULLY. '
HENRT LEE.
Reserved seats. 23c; balcony,. 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. 50c. "
Matinee Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
. - ¦ I . . ¦¦ . ;
.'.THIS EVENING. .J. >''.
MATINEE TO-MORROW. ¦¦ '
MR. JAMES NEILL SSSS§y.
Presenting
A COLONIAL GIRL.
PRlCES— Evening. 2Sc, 35c. 50c. 73c. $1.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, LAST WEEK
MB. JAMES NEILL and His Company.
By special request. . •
A PARISIAN ROMANCE. ?-
LAST BARGAIN MATINEE THURSD AT.
, " June 13— 23 c and 50c.
tf* ft I 1 1 U D I A SAI fSAiicsco's
\* U L.U 111 C& 114 LBDISG THEATRE
THIRD .WEEK OF THE .
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Night and Saturday -
Matinee, Double Bill.
"GUDGEONS."
And the One-Act Play.
FREDERICK LEMAITRE.
Beginning next Monday— HENßY MILLER
will present' for the first time on any stage
the new Romantic Love Story. . • .
"DARCY) OF THE GUARDS."
SEATS NOW READY.
GRAND- OPEE^ HOUSE
MATINEES .TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
' BALANCE OF THIS WEEK.
ANOTHER GREAT TRIUMPH.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE In Sardou's *
Great Play,
'-:{ -^LA TOSCA." ; v
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL aa SCARPIA.
A Two- Dollar Attraction at Popular Prices.' ,
10c. 15c. '25c. 50c. A Few Seats 75 Cents
Good . Orchestra Seat, all Matinees. 25 - Cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT .WEEK— Melbourne MacDowell as An-
dreas in "The Emnresa Theodora."
- mnsst comma
TO-NIGHT and Saturday ¦ and Sunday Ev'gs.
- MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.,
Last times, the Patriotic and Realistic Naval
Drama. . . .
"OLD GLORY"
Thrilling Naval Battle — The Baltimore Saved
From Destruction — Mobs Assail Ameri-
can ¦ Tars, Etc., . Etc.
DDIfEC Evenings..' 10c, 15c» 53c. 33c. We
I nItCJ Matinees.. .........10c. 13c. 2io
NEXT WEEK— The Successful Melodrama, •
- "JIM, THE WESTERNER."
New York Sun 'says: *Tne beat American
play." • --' . f
BASEBALL/
SAN FRANCISCO ys. OAKLAND
Thursdays.' Fridays and Saturdays
AT 3tlS F». m.
>•;- SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
-RECREATION PARK,
. Eighth '• and * Harrison streets.
PT^r.HFR v^" CONCER T house. .
CHARITY MARTIN, Matlldlta and Ballet.
Katherine Krieg and Minnie Huff. Carrol. At-
lantis. Charles Held and Sam Holdworth.
„• ¦Reserved Seats. tsc. •¦ Matinee Sunday.
I-B-ALACE HOTEL-
¦ ¦•*¦¦ > ¦':¦¦ i • ¦¦¦ .*'... . •--.>
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
. their headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal e<i
cuisine. American and European plans.
INGRAM) HOTELS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A ft m. . '
j Portieres,
- | ' Besides this style
we have a beaii-
ful'variety of porr
i 13 tie res at all prices.
From our elegant
i i stock of curtains,
0 draperies, carpets.
I \ and furniture we can
j j furnish your ' entire
J home. Let_us tell you
what it will cost: Free
! delivery within . ioo
; ..miles..
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE C0 M
338-542 Post Street, '
Opposite Union Square. .
fcJ? FAVORITE
IJL FOB WEA&WiPBaEftI. j
BAJA CALIFORNiAV
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most 'wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder- Sells on Its own .merits.
.- NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
82S Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.) ,
.v \ AMUSEMENTS. ,
flLf ¦ H EAT R E^l>
MATINEE TO-MORROW (SATURDAY.) '
EVERY. NIGHT AT 8. •• "
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whlttlesey, In Julia
Marlowe's Success, • ••-i' '
"FOR BONNIE
PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra, first 6 rows. .75c. Reserve seats
six days in advance. . .-. ;
Next-COUNTESS VALEBKA. :
RACING ! RACING I RACING !
SPRING MEETING— Opening -April 1 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUiS. ;
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, "Wednesday Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. 'I' '
' Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, -1:30, -2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance <to the
track. Last, two 'cars on strain reserved : for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry . tickets to Shell Mound. I All trains via
Oakland .mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars At Seventh and : Broadway. Oak-
land. Also tf.l . trains via Alameda ¦ mole con-
nect with • San . Pablo avenue cars at ' Fou-
rteenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
' Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B.'-MILROY. Secretary.' ¦¦'-¦¦
CHUTES AND^ZOO ?^E^' a
THE FLYING JORDANS.
TO-MORROW. NIGHT, - \
BIG CAKEWALK,
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN'S • PICKANINNIES
&DMg£Mtf¥BC>Bßlt'' vs. ' - ¦-yPBnMHBggBHjMMI
; CHINESE , PICKANINNIES. '
Telephone • for , Seats,*, Park ; 23. . •
SUTRO BATHSi
¦ O PEN IVIG H TS.
Open dally " from 7 a. m. to 11 p.i m." - *
..', Bathing from 7. a." m.' to 10:30p.'m. -' ,
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN. , ; 3c.
Batbing.' including admission. 23c Children. 20c.
. STATE OF MAINE ASSOCIATION 'Reunion
and ¦ Picnic at Shell Mound - Park,- Saturday.
June ;8, •- 1901. - Programme — Dinner from ?12 to
¦ 1:15 ;p. m. ; -literary r exercises-, at: 1:30 . p." m_;
: games and . races, 2:30 ;p. ¦ m. ; ; music ' by Fifth
i Regiment t Band ; gate . prizes will • be ' drawn tn
I Pavll lon • at ' 4 :30 p. . m. ; *. baked beans," brown
'bread and coffee free. 1 •/¦" •• •June, 1901.
CALL CALENDAR.
terey r ¦ .
G H Crane. N Y
A M Lapworth, Boston
W G Moore. London
E Schwagenbach. Md ¦
G Schwagenbach. Md •
T F Farahar. Yreka
H Goode & w. Portlnd
EL 1 Howe, Chicago
A Hanson, Seattle
Mrs S J Field, Wash
Dr F H Wolren & w,
USA
D C Lane. Los Amr
T Flint. San Jose
J Underwood, Chicago
G W R Attlesoa, R I
G "R Philips. R I
GRAND HOTEL.
P H Mack. Inyo Co
Mrs T E Vermilyear &
dau, Blshor>- '
F Lee & ' w. Redding
G W Calvig & w. Or
J W Frater & w. Or
Mrs N F King. Portlnd
Mrs CM Elkins. Prtld
G H McCord, Brooklyn
Miss G S McCord, N Y
Mrs E J Roberts. Cal
C W Merritt & Xf. Cal
Mrs J McGeary. Londn
R Musto. Stockton
W S Lyon & w, Suisun
S Klein. Idaho
P M Mlltzer. Redding
D Falconer, Nev
L Klee. USA
R J. 'White, Bksfleld
H M Reed. Reedley,
C B Bell. Reno
Mrs W Bell. Cal
J R Defrees. USN;
W W Higsins, Phila
A K Leisbersr & w,
St Paul
J Rennie. Canada . -
OS Stoddard, Mass
Dr F M Archer. Redds
G H Crow, Reddins
Mrs H Crow. Redding:
E Crow. Redding:
G M Guy. Seattle
Mrs G O Guy, Seattle
D W Carmichael, Sacto
Mis3 L Banner. Los A
H Casey, Sacramento
G B Lemroon. S Rosa
F O Vaustmer, Minn
A J Vaustmer, Minn
A 1, Frost & w, Iowa
Mrs G H Orth. Pa
0 H Ramsdeil. S Diego
E C Small. Salt Lake
A G Dries. Stanford
1 L Rowley. Placerville
L F Moulton. Colusa
E B Bums, Rogue Rlv
G M Pullman, N Y
G D Easton. Los Ang
H Birdsall, Los Ang
A J Smith". N Y
H A Jones. -Honolulu
E Rosenware, Honolulu
A Harrison, London
E R Swain, Honolulu
T B" Rickey* w. Nev
E A Carton. N Y .
W R Scott. Chicago
G F Jones. Baltimore
T M Porter. Salem
John Knox. Chicago
C E Elchelbereer. Cal
D S Kosenbaum & w.
Stockton
Miss H Cushing, Oakld
Miss C Cushing. Oakld
M G Myers, NY
Mrs S E Moore. Chlcgo
Miss C B Durham, O
Miss E Hlrsch, Ohio
Mrs J H Hammond &
maid, Monterey
Miss Hammond, Mon-
G H Hazen & w, I? T
E N Camp,' Chlcaco
A Laudecker. St Louis
B A Rosenthal. N Y
C F Kretcnmer. N Y
W F Brown. Kan City
Mrs E S Thompson, Cal
H W Ostley, R I
E C Ostley. R I
F W Rayburn. Plttsbs
W H Lanzley, K City
C Mayr, Chicago
H C Todd. Chicago
E H Lamme & w, L A
M Turell, Stockton
Mrs A Van Brunt. X Y
J H Harrison & w. NY
G.W Huddleson, N Y
8 E Gee. N Y
¦W T Beardsley. S Laka
C Edwards. >T Y
A B Newcombe, N Y
G W Hope. N Y
12 W Biddle, Healdsbrg
R "W Robertson. L Gat
Mrs E C Atwood, Mass
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
'Board — • ¦ \ ; . '
140 Honckaa Sugar Co.... ...*... 21 CO
SO Hutchlnson S P Co.. 19 12%
' 20 Makawell 38 50
'0 Market-street Railway 70 ;>G .
' 10 Oceanic Steamshio Co..--.-.. 49 00
ilOOO Oceanic Steamship tK)nds.* 102 7a "
2C0 Paauhau S P Co...... 26 23
"5 S F Gas & Electric Co............... 36 50
10 Soring Valley Water.... — .' 84 30
- 25 Spring Valley Water 84 00
$1000 U S. 4s bonds (coup). .old 113 25.
.' 15 Presidio R R...... ....'......./... 27 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ,
: Mornine Session. _
Board— ' - - ' ¦
,10 Blue Goose 100
- 600 Hanford, Fresno, , Kern River. ........ 04 ,
100 Home — ¦• ••••• 3 lo
1000- Lion ;: — •••• — '•- ; l
10O Occidental of W-.Va , .'. .50
*- 20 Peerless • : ........'. 6 50
5000 Petroleum Center ......: 05
50 Sovereign > >^ 1 ,
Afternoon Session.' :. • /
Board — ' ¦ "• . . . .
' 10 Hanford - 88 0O •
200 Lion ..: "••••' .........:.. 12
100 Lion :.... '........ 11
123 Monarch of Arizona ...: it
: 20 Peerless ..:.. ...." 7 00
So Peerless ......: :.. .:..„.. , 6 75
20 Peerless ;.... ...;...: 6 87%
50 San Francisco &McKlttrlck 1 00
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 50
200 Sterling ... :.....;..... ..' ...\1 05 .
100 Twenty-EiEht ¦...'..... .*............ l'OO
On the mcrnlng session of the Bond Exchange
Contra Costa .Water was higher at '$79. Gas
and Electric was lower at $37@36 50 and. Spring
Valley Water at $85.- ' ' ' '.
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water Vas
still lower at $84, and Oceanic Steamship higher
at $49. •
; The oil stocks continued quiet. - . : .'
The California Wine Association has de
clared a dividend of 60c per share, payable on
the 10th. ' ¦ '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
: THURSDAY, June 6—2 p. m.
• ¦ ' '
UNITED STATES BONDS. ¦
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
4s quar re^. ...112%113>/S 4s qr cp (new) 139 140
Is quar coup.. — - — Ss quar coup.. 109 110
: * MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. . 1^ v
Bay Co P C 5S.105 '— Oceanic S S 6s.l02%103 .
Cal-st 6s 117% — Omnibus R 6s. — —
C C Water 5s. 109% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l28V4133V z Pk & C H 6s. .103 • —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 116^119 Pk & O R 6s.U7 —
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powil-st R 6S.120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. — 100
Do os 101 102^ S F & SJV 5s.l20»4 —
Los Ang R 5s. 113 114 Sierra Car 6s.. — 110
L A Light' 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s -
' Do gntd 6s. — 104 L <1900) 113 113%
Do gntd 5S.100 — (1910) 114U —
L A & Pac os.102% — S P of C 6s .
. Do 1 c m'Ss.102%— (1905), Ser A.103 109 -
Market-st C 6s — 127% . (19C5), Ser .B.107tt —
Dolcm 5s.l22t; — (1906) — 111
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912) — 122
Nor R Cal 6s. Ill — S P of Cal 1st
Do os...: 11S%119% cp gntd g os.105 —
Nor Pac C Cs.100 , — S P Br Cal 6s.l35 —
Do os — ' lOSfc S V Water 6s. — 114
Nor Cal R 5s.U0 113 Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas. 5S...112 — Do 4s. 3dm.- 102
Do Trans 6s.ll6%117% Stktn Gas 6s.lOO —
Do Wat 5s..lO4V4l05%
, ; WATER STOCKS.' ..¦<.; *
Contra Costa.. 79*4 31 I Spring Valley. 83% S4%
Marln County. 52% — I
, . ..'GAS AND ELECTRIC. . -?
Cent Ls& P... 3 — Pacific Lt . 47 • SO
Equitable 3'/J 3% Sacramento :...• — —
Mutual 4U — S F G.& E.. 3SH 37
Oakland ...... 50 SO 1 * San Francisco. 1 -1%
Pacific Imp... — : 24V ( Stockton. .'.'.... — —
INSURANCE. -
Firem's Fund. 235 — 1
BANKS. '¦ ' ' .
Anglo-Cal .... 77 ' n L P & L 147 —
California ....400*4410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Cep. 107% — S F Nationai.120 —
First Natl..:.:.TO0 315 -C <:-,'<
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1000 — iSav & Loan...— —
Humboldt ....— — (Security 275 —
Mutual . rj "> ! — (Union Trust.. 14 r W —
San Francisco.525 Z5C I
- '¦ • - STREET "RAILROADS. ;
California :...127Vils ! > O S L &> H.... 40 ,—
Geary — i0 Presidio ....... 26 —
Market 10%— ' " ;
POWDER.
Giant 76 78 (Visorit ........ 3 3%
SUGAR. - •
Hana 7% — Kilauea 13 19
Hawaiian . — 51 Makawah 3S 33
Honokaa....... 21 22% Onomea ../ 22 —
Hutchlnson ... 19% 20 Pa--iuhau ...... 28V* 27
'>r; '¦'¦'.- > MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .128 129 Oceanic S S.. 4S% 50
Cal Fruit Can — til jPac Aux F Al 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — . 'Pan C Borax.. 165 —
•Mer Ex 110 — !Par Paint..... 16 —
..' . Morning ' Session.
' Board— " :
130 Centra" Costa Water;.. 79 00
- 50 Equitable Gas : .-. S 2a
5 Honokaa Sugar Co... 21 00
S10C0 Oakland Water os.. 105 00
15 Pacific Coast Borax...:........'..' 165 to '
• 10 Pacific Gas Imp.-.. -Y.:?r.... 33 50
•>0 S F Gas &'Electrlc Co, s 90 37 00
5 S F Gas &"Electrlc Co......:. 3S 75
185 S F Gas & Electric "Co.V... *.:...". '36 50
JiOW) S P of A bonds?(1909), cash ....113 00.
"130 Spring Valley Water.. S3 00
.' 23 Alaska Packers' 'Association 128 Ou
'-..<-. Afternoon Session.
STOCK MARKET.
• THURSDAY. June Mp.ni.
;.?.'. % Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha.... -. 02 03 Justice ......... e4 U5
Alta — 02 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 66 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 08 OS Mexican 15 If
Best & Belcher. 19 20 Occidental ..... C3 M
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 96 33
Caledonia 43 50 Overman 23 14
Challenge Con.. 16 lSIPotosl ...'. 11 12
Chollar 05 06; Savage •'. OS. 10
Confidence 64 6S'Scorpion — -04
Con Cal & Va.2 35 3 40,'Ses Belcher ... _02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. OS OS
Con New York — OliSilver Hill 31- 32
Crown Point.... 08 10 [St. Louis «6 . —
Eureka Con . OS -' — (Standard ¦ ;3 65 —
Exchequer ...;. — JClSyndlcate ;..... 06 —
Gould & Curry 06 CS Union Con '..... IS 10
Hale & Nor.... / 22 23 Utah '. 0t 05
julla — 02'Yellow Jacket.. 14 M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The following were the sales In tho Pacific
Etcck Board yesterday: -
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.2 33. 200 Ophir 1 CO
100 Confidence .' 65 650 Ophir 97
100 Confidence ..;.. 6S 500 Overman 24
100 Confidence 72! 200 Sierra. Nevada.. «*»
900 Mexican 17' 200 Silver H1U .... 31
- Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 20 300 Ophir 95
200 C C & Va....2 37% 50 Ophir 93
300 Confidence 6S 20 Ophir 105
200 Gould & Curry. , 06 300 Overman 21
200 Hale & Nor.... 23 300 Sierra. Nevada.. 00
1100 Mexican 17 200 Silver Hill .... 30
3000 Mexican .- lfi 300 Yellow Jacket., li
500 Ophir 97
Following were the sales fa .the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. |
EOO Chollar 05 500'Potosl 12
100 Hale & Nor...: 21 500 Sierra Nevada.. 09
300 Mexican 17 300 Silver Hill .... 31
700 Ophir 1 00 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
200 Overman ..' 24 '='¦'•*¦<¦",
Afternocn Session.
100 Chollar 05 500 Mexican 16
300 Hale & Nor.... 23 150,Potosl 12
100 Hale & Nor.... 22 300 Sierra Nevada.. 03
200 Justice '... 04 500 Yellow Jacket. H
MINING STOCKS.
>.-i> Board — . . ': ..." '
1000 Monarch. of Arizona, s 30 30
1000 Petroleum Center «o
2000 Petroleum Center 04
Morning Session.
•Board— v - !^'-~-.- : ; „„
2 Hanford *> 00
-€00 Lion ;..., 13
<50 Monarch of Arizona 34
500 Petroleum Center . 04
Afternoon Session,
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Bay, -to 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end,. $9 ; Cumberland, $12 In ' bulk and $13 2o In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel.-.SlO per tonj Coke; $13 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8- 45 per* 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accoiM
ini to brand.- -.' ' ',_ - " -., ,
• OILS-Callfornia Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1,
75c ; pure. $1 30 ; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled^
75c ; raw. 73c : cases. • 5c more ; Lard Oil. « tra
winter strained,- barrels. 80c; cases. 85c; Cnlna
Nut, 53® 63c rper ; gallon; pure Neatsfoot OH,
barrels, • 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 6oc,
Whale Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gal
lon; Fish OH in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
12%<5; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18%c; Astral. ISVjc:
Star, •, 18%c ; . Extra Star, ' 22%c ; , Elaine. 23%c ;
Eocene. 20^4c ; .deodorized stove ; Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c:
in cases, 20c; 8G-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c;
in cases.' 26c. - • - " --.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases ana
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags : .- ' ¦ •
Crushed, 6.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated -5.850; Dry Granulated. • 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c; Mag T
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C/ 5.25c: Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; box
es, 50c 'more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiva
lent. Domlnos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.»oc
per lb. ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦¦ . ' \ ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change In any descrip
tion. .; • ' '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: " ., i*.
. BEEF— 7@7%c for ' Steers and 6@6%o per lo
for cows. ' • ,' ¦ . :¦'"• • '¦ "',.¦¦¦.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8c; small. 8@9c per lb. •
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes, 6H@7o per
pov.nd. • . • .; .
LAMB— Spring. 8@'9c per pound. • '
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and 'under, 6%©
6%c; 180 to 225 lbs, 6(36%c;.225 and over, 6%@6c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7%@9Hc •.."v'^i;
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6.
Flour,' qr sks 11.931 Straw, tons .... 40
Wheat, ctls 8,600 Hay, tons ,.'..... ; 880
Barley, ctls ...... 2.240 Pelts, bdls ....... loO
Corn, East., ctls. 1.20C Hides. No ¦ 838
Rye, ctls 620 Wine, gals ...... 30,980
Potatoes, sks .... 3,545 Silver, flsks 40
Onions, sks ...... 671 Leather, rolls ... 196
Bran, sks 1,115 Tallow, ctls ...... 211
Middlings, sks.... 330 Sugar, ctls ...... 1,500
Wool, bales ...... '90 ,
_ : GRAIN;.. BAGS— San '• Quentln- : Bags. . $5 63;
Calcutta ; Grain ;: Bags, f 7%c;; local ;. make,
%c ' less than rCalcuttas; : Wool Bags, , 30@34c:
Fleece Twined 7%®Sc- ' , , . ,
:- COAL— Wellington. -;. $9 per _i ton: - Southfield
Wellington, $9; - Seattle, $7; • Bryant, J6 50, Coos
General -Merch andise.
VTALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@5c perlb; No.
2, 3%@4c; grease, 2ig2%c. •'•-:'¦ ""> ,
• WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15c per lb: Northern,: free, -12@
13c; defective, 9@llc:- Middle County, :frec. 10W
llc;;do defective. « 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, i free.- ; 7 months, ;7@10c: ¦ do, i de
fective,", 7 : months, 7@8c; \. Oregon Valley, fine.
14([J)loc ; do, ' medium and • coarse, 13@14c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 11® 13c; do. fair to good, D@ lie;
Nevada, 10i@12c. ¦ • , » - : - . - . ¦
- HOPS^-lSiJfWc per lb.. ' :>i ;
¦ HIDES .AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV£c under quotations. Heavy .'.Salted
Steers, 10c: 9@9%c; : light, 1 ; &@8%c:
Cow .. Hides. 8%@9c for heavy and 8@8%c for
light; Staes, . 6%c; Salted . Kip. 9%c; Salted
Veal, 9%@10c; Salted Calf, *Wc; Dry Hides,
15%@16c; Culls,. 13%@14c; Dry Kip, : 16c; Dry
Calf, •, 17c; Culls and Brands, 1 13@14c; . Sheep
skins • . shearlings; 15@30c each ; ! short i Wool, 39
(U'SOc each ; medium, ¦ 60@75c : long ¦ Wool. - S0c@
$1 each: Horse Hides, salt," $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and
50c for Colts;. Horse Hides, 1 dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 50 for medium, . $1 25 - for > small and •. SOc for
Colts. -z Deerskins— Summer lor red skins,' 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c." v Goatskins— Prime "Angoras, ; 75c ; : large and
smooth,- 50c; medium, Soc. • ¦ ¦ ¦: :•*;.;> . .'i-v-
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
CTJKED MEATS— Bacon; 12c per lb for. heavy,
12%@13c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef, J12
per barrel: extra Mess,, $12 50; Family, Jll 60;
prime Mess Pork, , $15 ; extra 'clear. $23; Mess,
$13; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb. •
¦ LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10@10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10>4©10%c; 10-lb tins, 10%@ll%c; 5-lb tins,
lO^eil^ic. •_-. ¦¦- .i..- ••<• - ; " '-.-
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; - three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, -8%c; two tierces,
8V>c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. - . ¦. r
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices! Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per.lb; choice, lie; stand
ard, 10c ; prime,* 9c ; unbleached I Thompson' s, 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice,
9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; unbleached Sul
tanas . 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown,
7c; 3-crown, 6Vjc; 2-crown, ,6c. Pacific brand—
2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and 4-crown, 5%c;
seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperials, ?3. All
prices f. o. ,'b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c; No.
2. S@S%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2, 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13#14c for paper-shell, 10@llc lor
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Filberts,
12@l2%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,' $3 50@5. : ¦
- HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5(&5Vic;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 3%c. -, .
BEESWAX— 25<S 28c per lb. .. . .
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s,-6 1 ,ic; 50-60s, . 4%c ;
60-70S, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s, 2%c;
100-120S, l%c. . '- •.>¦•¦
. FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c - for old crop and
7%@8%c for new; Evaporated "Apples, 4@6c;
sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stand
ard, 4%@5%c for choice and 6@6%c for fancy;
Pears.' 2@7c ; Plums, pitted. 3@4c; unpitted, %@
l»4c; Nectarines. 4@4V4c for red and 4@5c for
White.; •. : '. ;'¦-.' ¦ -'^'ti-': V
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
' CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. il®2 75;
Seedlings, $101 73; Mediterranean Sweets.
75c<S$l 75; Tangerines, - 50c® $1 25; Lemons, 75c@
$1 25 for Common and $1 50@2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$150; Mexican Limes,'
$4 Jf 5 • Bananas, • $1 &0@2 50 per . bunch for New
Orleans and $1@2 for Honolulu; Pineapples.- ?2
@4 per dozen. ' •
PLUMS — 23@40c per box and 23@73c per, crate
for Clyman and 75c@$l for Tragedy. ¦ /,. .
CHERRY PLUMS— 25@50c per box. .-
PEACHES — 40@75c per box and 40@55c per
basket. . -
' PEARS — Madelines, 25@35c per box and 25<g>
30c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $9@12 per chest for Long
worths and $4<g7 for large berries. Receipts
were 233 chests and 50 crates. The latter sold
at $1 25®1 50 per crate.- ' !
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@7 per chest. ;i^ri. ¦» >
BLACKBERRIES— ?6@10 . per chest; from
Newcastle, eS^SSc per crate. . . ,
RASPBERRIES— $6@10 per chest; from New
castle, 75c@$l 15 per crate. \
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer and 2%
@4c in mulk; Oregon improved, 3%@4c. .
CURRANTS-$2 50@5 per chest.
FIGS— From Yuma, $1 75@2 50 per crate.
APPLES— New, 25<g50c per small and $1@1 25
per large box, and 2.">@35c per basket. ¦
. APRICOTS— 30@60c per box, 50@90c per crate
and 25@50c per basket. ¦ •
CHERRIES— 60 ( @90c: for dark and 50c@$l for
Royal Anno;, in bulk, 4@8c per lb for black,
l@6c for red and 5@9c for Jtoyal Anne. . Re
ceipts were 1647 boxes'. .' ' -- - -r -.•¦>•:- ' '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Three cars of Oranges are announced for to
day's auction. The market continues In good
condition for sellers, stocks being light. There
is no further change In Lemons and Limes.
Watermelons from Indlo ..brought $6®9 . per
dozen. . ,
The market continues well supplied with
Apples, Pears, Plums, Peaches and Apricots,
and there is considerable small and poor stock
offering. Plums, Pears and green | Apples are
dull. : -Cherries continue to bring high prices.
They have done very well this year. .
There were rather more Berries lying around
yesterday, but good prices were again realized.
Like Cherries, they are doing well this' sea
son. Gooseberries are in lighter supply and
somewhat higher. ¦• •__-¦'¦ v
(fi Three crates of Nutmeg Melons from Yuma
brought $2@3>per crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice,
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas. 9%c;
Eastern, full cream. 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS— i .
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, 13%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds, lie. ¦.-.'•.;
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— _ . ,„¦ -
Creamery— Extras, " 17c ; firsts, 16c ; . seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery, - 17%@18c per f lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c
per lb. ' . .-., - -_ ¦ . . . . ...- ¦
CHEESE— New, - 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb. \ ,
EGGS— Ranch. - 14%@17c for good to fancy;
store. 12%@14c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
• Receipts of fine ranch Eggs are slackening
up somewhat, and this description Is steady In
consequence. -Lower grades are still in abund
ant ' supply and ¦ weak. Prices are firmer in
the open market.'
Cheese continues to accumulate and the mar
ket:is weak. ' * *
":. There is nothing new In the Butter market.
Stocks are large and the market is qufet and
weak. r . -¦ ¦' . .; -.' -¦ ¦". ' -
Receipts were 75,400, pounds and 310 tubs of
Butter, • 1214 cases of Eggs,— cases Eastern
Eggs, 21.350 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. • .;-5r '..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
: • Poultry Is weak all around, . with . lower
prices for Fryers,. Broilers and Goslings. Good
large young . Roosters still keep up. Old Hens
are slow of sale.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $10125:
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $3 60@4 for old
and $4@5 for young;. Hens. $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters, $7@8; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers.
$4@4 60; ¦ Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2@2 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. U@l 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for-
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush. . ."•,'.-
Poultry and Game.
New Potatoes are lower again under ; larger
receipts, and Onions are also weaker. Los An
geles Tomatoes" are doing ' better. Otherwise
there is little new." ' - , . " ...-"'
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 S5@l 63 for Ore
gon; Sweets, . nominal ; New<; Potatoes, $1 25®
175 in sacks and $1 25@2 in boxes. ,
ONIONS— Australians. Jobbing. " at $4<S4 2a:
New Red, 35@50c per sack; New Yellow, $1@1 lo
Rhubarb, • 30@75c per box;
Asparagus. $1.75@2 for large, $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 60c@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas, 60c@$l 50 per. sack; String Beans, 2%@oc;
Cabbage 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Loa
Angeles, 75c"@$l 25; from Winters, $1 10@l 15;
Dried Peppers, 12@18c ; Dry Okra, 15c per lb;
Carrots. 25@35c per sack : Marysvllle Cucum
bers. $1@1 25 per box; Winters, $1 50: Bay,
$1 25; Garlic, 3@5c for new: Green Peppers,
12%c per lb; Egg Plant, 6@12%c ' per lb; Green
Corn, 10@25c per dozen; Summer Squash, 50@
75c per box; Bay do, $1 25@1 50. .
Potatoes, Onions' and Vegetables.
@5; Large - White. $4@4 20;- Pink. • $1 40@l 70;
Red,$3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Llmas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown" Mustard, 'nominal; ¦* Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 60@3; Canary.' 3%g
3%c for • Eastern ; r Alfalfa, nominal ; ; Rape. 2®
2V-c;Hemp, 3%c; Timothy,' 6%c. . . . -
DRIED PEAS-Niles, : ?1 60 per ctl. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; J^N E li l?Qlv
CHICAGO, June 6.— CATTLE— Receipts 12,000,'
including ;. 6C0 « Texans. ' Choice '% steers '. steady,
others slow, butchers' , • stock '/. weak; , , Texans
steady.' Good 'to prime steers,' $5 50® 6 10; poor
to medium,'; $4 50fii5 40; stockers.' and '.feeders, 1
$3@t 75; cows,. $2 75@4 75; • heifers, ; fancy up to
J5 35. $2 SOffi'5 l.">: canners. $2@2 70; bulls, ..$2 SO*j)
4 SO; calve3, $4 50@6; Texas fed Eteers, $1 50<gu 60.
Ch icago Livestock 'Ma rket.
LIVERPOOL. ' . •;-'-.
.Wheat— .- ' . - \. July. Sept.
Opening 5 11% / 5 10%
Closing .'................'5 11% '. \6 10%
PARIS. > " *
Wheat — * • . . 'June. Sept.- Dec.
Opening ./.../.. .T 20 10 20 75
Closing .....'. ...;.....:.. 20 05 ; I 20 90 %
" "Flour— ¦ '. ' • •> ¦ .- ' ¦¦'¦'' '
Opening ..........;......... 24 95 -26 60 /
Closing ...24 95 60 '
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK. June 6.— There was a decided
subsidence of speculative activity In stocks to
day with a resulting impression on prices.
Losses are quite large in some of the principal
active stocks which have been recent favorites
,1a the speculation. The market was ruled very
largely by technical considerations. It devel
oped from the smaller volume of the dealings
and the lack of support' for prices that yester
day'e operations had resulted in the elimina
tion cf a short interest and that the demand
frcrr. this source to cover short contracts had
ljf en taken advantage of by the bull contingent
to realize profits on heavy long' lines of stocks.
This mutual closins up of accounts had a de
cided effect • on the speculative appetite, and
the ushering in of the hot season accentuated
the indifference of the trading. There wtrt
rumc rs current ail day that the covering by
the bears yesterday had been achieved at con
siderable coi-t and more or less uneasiness was
caused by this fact. The emphatic denials
frorv. official sources of a number of the rumors
which -have played a part in the recent bull
movement, especially those bearing on con
solidations and absorptions of > many of the
minor railroad systems, was a somewhat de
pressing factor. An influence In the same di
rection was the disclaimer on the part of. the
parties interested of the assumption that the
entrance into the Atchison directory of a mem
ber of tlie firm of J. P. Morgan & Co. was an
indication of Morgan holdings of the stock with
a view of establishment of community of in
terest. The net changes in stocks give no ade
quate idea of the extent of the day's price
ranges There was a considerable show of
strength at the opening, partly due to the in
fluence <>f London on account of the reduction
in the Bank of England rate and also on ac
count of the operations by a coterie of Ameri
cans now in London. The redaction- in the
bank rate is accepted as thorough assurance
over the future of the foreign money market*.
as London has large future needs to meet and
owes targe sums to Paris, which It Is important
to keep In the London market by the payment
cf an attractive rate of interest. The selling
pressure, however, made an end of the advance
before the end of the first hour. The feverish
tone of Rock Island was a somewhat unsettling
influence, owing to fears that a corner may
develop in . that stock. ; The various ¦ tobacco
companies were mos-t prominent and advanced
on the incorporation of the new company, in
Ne* Jersey, which" Is believed to be for the
purpose of taking: over and combining all. the
liresent companies. American Tobacco rose an
extreme 1%, Continental : Tobacco 2%, the pre
ferred 554 and American Snuff 4Vi- -. Louisville
&nd Xathviile was consistently strong . because
Nezu York Stock Market.
- CHICAGO, June 6.— Generally the wheat mar
ket was dull. July, on account of reports of
beneficial rains in the Northwest, opening un
changed to }ic lower at 74%c to 75c' ' There
was a considerable quantity offered and quick
ly the market declined to 74 J ,4c. Reports from
Missouri indicated a crop condition of 83,
against 99 for last month, and this put a check
on both September and July offerings. . There
was some profit taking by shorts, and these cir
cumstances caused a reaction to 74%c. ¦ The
improvement v.-as only temporary, however, and
there w.is a gradual decline to the end. But
for the fact that the bull leader in corn, who
previously had been on both sides of the mar
ket, began buying liberally, July would have
suffered a much greater loss. September failed
to maintain its early, firmness, and eased in
sympathy with July. The latter delivery closed
weak and "l%c lower, at 73%c. .The volume of
business was not extensive. September wheat
sold between 70Vic and 71%c and closed 1%@1 1 /4C
lower at 70»4<S:70%c. . .
The corn market was easier to begin with
and decidedly weak later in the session. July
closed weak, l(g IVaC lower. " ' , ,
Oats were weaker and unsettled. July closed
easy and %@^c lower at 27%c. ' . ...
Provisions showed considerable strength, lard
leading. Commission houses were good buyers.
July pork closed V&@Mc higher, lard 10c higher
and ribs 7%c improved. ,
The "leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles— Open. High.- Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — • • ¦ .
June 73% ,73ft 72% 72%
July .75.- 75 . 73V4 73%
September • 71% 71% 70% '70%
Corn No. 2— -
June 43 43^ 42 42
July 44^4 44% "43>i.- 43^
September.... 44% .44% 44 44%
Oats No. 2— , .
July 28 28% 27% 27%
September .......:. 26% 26>£ 26 26%
I aif-ss Pork, per bbl — * •
July 14 60 14 67% 14 55, 14 62%
September 14 70 14 80 14 70 14 75
Lard, per 100 lbs— i . . '
July. 8 30 8 40 8 30 8 35
September 8 32% 8 42% 8 30 ! "8 37%
Short Kibs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 87% 7 92% 7 87% 7 92%
September .." 7 90 7 95 ' 7 87% 7 92%
i Cash fjuotations ; were ' as follows: ' Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@72c; No. 2 red,
74%<"i)76c: No.. 2 corn," 42%@42%c; No. 2 yellow,'
43%c; No.' 2 oats, 28(S28%c; No. 2 white, 29@
29%c;No. 3 white, 28%@>29%c; fair to choice
malting barley, 50@55c; No. 1-flaxseed, $171;
No. 1 Northwestern. $171; prime timothy seed,
t'i CO: mess pork, per bbl, $14 60@14 65; lard, per
100 lbs, $S 35<g8- 37%: short ribs sides (loose),
$7 85(S8; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@7%c;
short" clear sides (boxed), $8 10@8 20; whisky,
basis of high wines. $127.. * ; . . .., ¦¦ '
Articles— * ¦ - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '. :. 20,000'.' 17,000. .
Wheat, bushels 92,000 125,000
Corn.'. bushels ; 389,000- .397,000.
Oats, bushels ..........379,000 , ,356,000,
Rye, bushels ."........;, 2,000, »
Barley, bushels :.. 7,000 ¦: 1,000 t.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady,' creams, 14@l8%c; dairies,
14@16c. Cheese, steady; 8%@10%c. Eggs, 11
<$iuic. ; ;:Uev : * ¦ ¦ ;-*¦¦ :;i . ¦''>¦ ¦
"There is nothing; new to -report in this mar
ket. ...„.:". \ .¦„_ _i--. ...'.; ':'. -.._ .. .. L-...V. :¦!'. ...::
BEANS— Bayos, J2 43@2 60; Small .White/ $4 80
Beans and ! Seeds.
- Hay | continues firm, ¦ owing . to the light re
ceipts* arid stocks, but ' dealers ; look ~:\ upon ; the
firmness | as merely temporary, 1 and expect ¦ a
weaker ¦ market when the '. new - crop begins - to
come in! more freely. 'Quotations for old grain
Hay 'are slightly higher. » '
There Is no change In Feedstuffs. 1
BRAN— $17«?18 per ton. •; -.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 60 per ton. , *¦¦¦¦¦¦
" FEEDSTUFFS — RoUed Barley. $17@18 '¦> per
ton ; I Oilcake Meal at the mill," $25@26 ; jobbing,
$26 50; rCocoanut.Cake, $17@18;.: Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mlxed.Feed,
$15@16. - ...-.¦ ¦¦¦•.¦¦¦¦' ¦/ .-•¦¦-.•¦.¦¦... l. ..-•¦. ¦¦¦'":.--¦ '¦¦-¦'
. HAY— New,'i $6@9 BO: - old > Is - quoted ¦ as • fol
lows: =" Volunteer, :. $5<g8 ;. . Wheat. > $11 50@13 50 ;
Wheat and Oat, ¦ $9@12; < Oat, .; $9@11 50; Clover,
nominal ; Alfalfa, ; $8~@9 50; Barley, : $8@9 50 • per
ton. ¦ . ¦' ;- ¦¦•'¦ ¦ ¦-, r ' ¦ " \.'.: ' '.¦:¦:'-.; •/ - : ;
" STRAW— 25@47i4c : per bale. • u.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for ¦ family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', J2 75
tfZ. - ¦¦• . ". • ':• • ¦••-¦—.--
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, • usual discount to . the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 1 per 100 lbs ; Rye Flour. $2 75 ; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour. \ $7 : Corn Meal, $3;'ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats,- $4 75; Hominy,
13 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; - Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, : $4; 50; Whole Wheat
Flour.; $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks, $6^7 50; -Pearl BaFley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. j • > . ;.;;
Flour and Millstiiffs.
WHEAT— Chicago was dull and unsettled al
the openeing, but declined all day, getting
down to nV*c. Further rains have relieved the
situation . ever} where except in Kansas, and
partially there. Light frosts in Nebraska, did
no damage. Northwestern advices were bear
ish and Southwestern bullish. 'The Missouri
State report gives the condition of that crop at
83 against 99 in May. The Cincinnati Price
Current says that both winterand spring wheat
are promising. The damage to winter wheat
last month' was nearly 5 per cent. Oats will
probably be a short crop, and corn is ¦¦ back
ward,-with'.worms numerous. • ¦. *
This market was lower, both on and off call.
. Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97V4@9S%c; milling,
$1@1 m " CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:15 .o'clock— December—
£000 ctls, $1 03%. ' • ¦
Second Session— December— 18.000 ctls, $1 03^4.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$102%; 46,000, $1 C2%. . ,. . ' ,
1 'Afternoon Session— December— 10,000 • ctls,
$102%; 26,000, $1 02%. ' . *' '¦"-•Y
, BARLEY— Nothing new to _>• report. Market
8 * Feed, 73c for No. 1 " and;i70@72ttc for'oC
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@S5c;
Chevalier, nominal. .
• . .CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ' r- »
¦- Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
70%c. : •: . . .
' ; Afternoon Session— No sales. • ¦
OATS— The market continues dull and " fea
tureless. "White, $1 42%@1 55; Surprise, $1 50@
1 65; Red, $1 35@1 45; - Black. , $1 22%@1 32% per
. CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $1 32%@1 37%; White, $1 35@1 37V4; mixed,
$1 30. .¦ . . '
RYE— 77%@82%c per ctl. . ,
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse.. . . > .yj6.:-,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S6V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — ¦
Sterling cables ,.— 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 1214
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59ft
Mexican Dollars, nominal .. — 49Vi @ a"
The City of Peking took out a treasure list
of $85,961, consisting of J3842 In Mexican dollars,
$1119 in gold coin and $81,000 in silver bullion.
The Bank of England has advanced Its rate
of discount to 3% per cent, the first change for
some time.
Sterling exchange is firmer. Other quotations
stand. the same.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Demand for all grades
of evaporated apples was urgent to-rday and
prices were held pretty ¦ firm at the advance.
Choice and fancy varieties seem to" have "the
best call and extreme prices are asked. The
close was firm and values were tending up
ward. State, common to good, 3%®5c; prime,
5%@5»4c; choice, 6@6>4c; fancy, 6i / 4@7c. « ,
California dried fruits were in an unsettled
condition at a lower level.
PRUNES— 2%@6V4c per pound, as to size and
quality. '¦ '¦:...•
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark. . 7%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 28,-
SS4 barrels; exports, 10,422 barrels. Quiet and
easier, with wheat.
¦ WHEAT— Receipts, . 469,150 bushels; exports.
42,515 bushels. Spot, weak. No. 2 red, 82i£c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, ' 81c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S6%c f. o. b. afloat (old); No.
1 hard Duluth, SO^c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were generally weak and lower all day, show
ing the effects of further unloading, foreign
selling easier cables, poor speculative demand
and indifference toward Northwest frost news.
Closed weak and l@l%c net lower. July, 79>4@
SO 3-16, closed 79Vic; September. 75V4@76»/4c,
closed 75V>c: October, 75%@"6?4c, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet; No. 7 invoice, "6%c:
mild, dull; Cordova, 8 J /i@12%c. Futures closed
quiet, with prices net unchanged. Total sales
were but 6500 bags, including: June, 6.15c;
July, 5.20c; September, 5.35c; October, 5.40®
5.45c. ',*
SUGAR-»Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 21-32c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar,
3 7- 16c; refined, culet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6389 packages. Steady;
creamery, 15@19c; factory, ll@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,415 packages. * Easier:
"Western candled, 13V4@13%c; Western ungraded,
ll%@13c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
SAN FRANCISCO. June 6— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, — : Mount Tamalpais, 71: Independ
ence £$: Red Bluff, SS; Fresno. ?2; Los An
relfs. 7?; Sacramento, S4; San Luis Obispo, 78;
San Diego, 66.
Siin Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64: minimum, 4S; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over Washing
ton and Oregon and has fallen over Southern
Idaho and Utah. Conditions are such that a
norther may prevail in the great valleys of
California Friday and Saturday.
The temperature has remained almost sta
tions ry in California, but has risen over Ne
vada ard Utah.
Rain has fallen over Washington and North
ern Cregron. ¦-, '¦'-¦
Fcrecatt made at San- Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 7, 1S01.
Northern California— Fair Friday; warmer;
frtth northerly winds in the interior, brisk
v.-eftcrly winds on the coast with fog.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh north
erly wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday and continued warm
weather: fr2sh westerly winds.
Utah— Feir Friday: continued warm weather;
light northerly winds. -
Arizcria — Fair Friday; light northerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
freth westerly winds, with fog in the after
noon. ALEXANDER G. McADIB.
Forecast Official.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature 1 a, m.. E4 degrees, x
C2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Mail advices from New York say: "Beyond
a rather better inquiry for California layer
raisins there is almost nothing in the shape
of a new feature and the market generally is
quiet. Stocks of layers are very light, 2-crown
poodf= being very nearly all cleaned up. A sale
of several hundred boxes was reported at $1 35.
this exhausting the holder's supply. There was
an inquiry for about luOO boxes of 3-crown lay
ers in the market. These goods are practically
controlled by a leading jobber, who asks $1 40®
1 45. The buyer wants $1 40 shaded. California
loose raisins are dull but steady at quotations.
Seedless Muscatels and unbleached Sultanas
show little life and seeded are in bad shape.
Peaches and apricots are firm.
"The home trade in apricots is quiet, but
best goods are going out for export quite freely.
A round lot of extra choice Moorparks was
offered yesterday at Sc f. o. b. coast, the lead
ing local dealer in this line bidding 9Uc laid
down in this city. Some business is doing in
dates at quotations, but figs are very quiet.
Currants eliow some improvement, buyers,
mostly in the West, taking more lots around
25 to 30 barrels. The currant market is very
strong.
"Sicily filberts are firmer, the market abroad,
according to one cable, being slightly higher.
The present cost to import is stated to be 9$ic.
The spot market is firm at $%<@W/ic. Jordan
ehelled almcnds continue very firm at 3S^c,
with some holders asking 39i§40e."
Dried Fruit in Nau York.
Exports of Produce and Merchandise from
this port during the first five months of the
year were $15,145,800, against $18,734,700 for the
came time last year, the leading items being
as follows: To Atlantic ports. $1,206,600; Great
Britain $4,454,500; China. Jl,615,800; Japan,
S1.325.7S0; Australia. $l.C2S.47S: New Zealand,
$^3,»fi6; Mexico. JT56. 700; Central America,
$£16,670; South America, $863,310.
Foreign Exports.
Money— West End 94
Call loans 3@3li West Electric .... 69U
Time loans 3%@4',i Bonds— .
-Stocks— . Atchison 4s 103 .
A T & S F.. ....... 8SV4 N E G &Coke 5s 62%
¦ do prefd. ...... ...101 Mining Shares— •
Amer Sugar .......143& Adventure lTi*
Amer, Telephone... 174 Blngham Mln Co.. 23^4
Boston & Albany. 255' Amal Copper ....;. 119.
Boston Klevated...l8i% AtlanUo 33U
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ....... 12
Alice - 40 Ontario 7 73
Breece .1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con .... 16 Phoenix ' n
Comstock Tunnel...' 05 Potosl 09
Con Cal & Va......2 3O Savage'.............. r 07
Deadwood Terra.... 55 1 Sierra Nevada' 07
Horn Silver. 1 15] Small '. Hopes ...... 45
Iron Silver .60^ Standard .....3 70
Leadvllle Con ...... 05' ¦. . ,
« BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares •> Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
36,100 Atchlson 88%
10,200 Atchison prefd 104
1,400 Baltimore & Ohio IO6V2
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 96^.
2,200 Canadian Pacific 106>*
100 Canada Southern 70Vi
5.900 Chesapeake & Ohio 50%
2.200 Chicago & Alton.....; 46%
1,200 Chicago & Alton prefd.. 80%
1,200 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 196*4
3.600 Chicago Ind & Louisville 39"s
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 72
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 133
300 Chicago & Great Western 22%
100 Chicaga & Great Western A prefd.. &2
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 46
Chicago & Northwestern ...202
12,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 170
400 Chicago Terminal & Tran 23%
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 45
300 C C C & St Louis 85^
2,200 Colorado Southern 15%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23V4
900 Delaware & Hudson 167Vi
400 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 233
6,100 Denver & Rio Grande 52
3.100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 9S%
61.600 Erie 43%
4.600 Erie 1st prefd 70%
2,200 Erie 2d prefd 57%
100 Great Northern prefd l&bht
Hocking Valley 5*%
COO Hocking Valley prefd... 77%
2.200 Illinois Central 144U
4,000 Iowa Central 35%
600 Iowa Central prefd 64
300 Lake Erie & Western 60
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
£7.200 Louisville & Nashville 10S%
14,500 Manhattan L 118 l ,s
7.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 171V4
2.200 Mexican Central 26Vi
3,000 Mexican National 11V*
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 98
19,600 Missouri Pacific llo%
1.300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 30%
6.300 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 63%
500 New Jersey Central 160
3,300 New York Central.. ...157
4,900 Norfolk & Western 54%
Norfolk & Western prefd 88
Northern Pacific 100
300 Northern Pacific prefd 98%
70,900 Ontario & Western 38%
P C C & St Louis 74
37.800 Pennsylvania 152
14.100 Reading 46%
7.0C0 Reading 1st prefd 7S%
4,600 Reading 2d prefd 57
COO St Louis & San Francisco 46%
4C0 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 86
2.700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 70%
700 St Louis Southwestern 35%
7,000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 67Vi
16,200 St Paul 163
200 St Paul prefd 1S7
101.400 Southern Pacific 60%
17,100 Southern Railway 34%
4.300 Southern Railway prefd 86%
7.400 Texas & Pacific 48
1.900 Toledo St Louis & Western 22%
7C0 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.... 38
90,500 Union Pacific 109%
700 Union Pacific prefd '. 90%
9.100 Wabas=h 24
6,700 Wabash prefd 43
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd...... 33%
7.500 Wisconsin Central 23%'
3.000 Wisconsin Central prefd 47
Express Companies —
Adams. ...180
American 192
100 United States 94
Wells Fargo- 155
Miscellaneous —
17,600 Amalgamated Copper 119%
700 American Car & Foundry 23%
2,5fO American Car & Foundry prefd 84 vj
200 American Linseed Oil 13%
American Linseed Oil prefd 40%.
2,100 American Smelting: & Ref 58%
SCO American Smeltinz & Ref prefd 99V4
ST.if'O American Tobacco , 140%
4.900 Anaconda Mining Co 48%
13.S00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SOVi
2.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 102%
fi.COO Consolidated Gas .....221»fr
36.300 Continental Tobacco 70 •
10.4M) Continental Tobacco prefd 119!i
1,300 General Electric 245V4
6C0 Gluco*se Sugar '. 58
2, ICO Hocking Coal ... 22%
700 International Paper 23%
400 . International Paper prefd -78%
700 International Power 97
Laclede" Gas 85V4
COO. National Biscuit 45%
100 National I^ead \ 19
National Salt : 43%
1C0 National Salt prefd 77%
200 North American 89
400 Pacific Coast .61%
7.100 Pacific Mail 43%
9,100 People's Gas :...116%
700 Pressed Steel Car 45%
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd £6%
1,400 ' Pullman Palace Car 209
1,900 Republic Steel 19
300 Republic Steel prefd : 75%
7,600 Sugar 149%
¦ 1,500 Tennessee Coal & Iron...: 60
200 Union Bag & Paper Co...' 13%
200 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 71V4
1,100 United States Leather 14
400 United States Leather prefd ..... 79%
United States Rubber 20Vi
United States Rubber prefd 62
81,600 United States Steel 51
23,600 United States Steel prefd...... 99%
: 3.100 Western Union 93Vi
991,100 Shares sold. . \ r '-'¦¦¦/-.
~:"r ;:(;_•- closing bonds.
U S 2s ref reg 106% N Y Central lsts.107%
do coup 107% N J Cent gen. bs.. 133%
U S 2s reg 109 Nor Pacific 3s..... 72%
do coup ....109 do 4s 105%
US new 4s reg.. .139 N Y C & St L 4s. .10$%
do coup 139 Nor & W con 4s.lO2»i
US old 4s reg.... 112% Ore Nav lsts.;...109
do coup \113V, do 4s ...;...103V4
US 5s reg 108% Ore S L 6s. ....... .128
do coup . 108% do con 5s 119
Dtst of Col 3.65s.. .125 Read General 4s... 97&
Atch gen 4s 103% R G West lsts....lO2
do adjust 4s 97 S L & I M con 63.116&
Can South 2nds 108 S L & S F gen 6s.l34
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul con....:... 184
do 5s 119 St P C & P lsts..H8»4
Chi & NW con 7s.l42^ do 5s 119
do S F deb 5s. ...121% Sou Pacific 4s...'.. 94
Chi Terminal 4s... 95\4 Sou Railway 5s. ...119
Colo South 4s 89% Stan R & T 6s... 60
D & R G 4s. ...:.. .102% Tex & Pac lsts.^.HSVJ
Erie General 4s 89% do 2nds .". 99 "
Ft W & D C lst.,103V4 Union Pacific 4s... 106%
Gen Electric 5s... 185& 1 Wabash lsts '.....117%
Iowa Central lsts.115 I do 2nds Ill
L & N uni 4s 103%l\Vest Shore 4s 113
M K & T 2nds 84 j Wis - Cent . lsts »1%
do 4s .............. 98 . Ivir Centuries ..... 9«H4
of its comparative low price and large price,
and it advanced 2%. Missouri Pacific rose 2%.
believed to be on account of the greater Mis
souri Pacific project. In the drop after the
opening the grangers, Pacifies, Southwestern
and New York public utilities suffered most
severely. St. Paul losing 4, the preferred 4%,
and others in the group Xrom 2 to 3 points.
Declines of 1 to 2 points were fairly general
in the active list. There was a good rally,
but prices ran off again af the weak closing
almost to the lowest in some cases.
There were some late rallies in the bond
market, which redeemed it from the early easy
tone, making the changes for the day irregu
lar. Total sales, par value, $3,710,000.
United States refunding 2s advanced V*. per
cent and the new 4s % per cent on the last call.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $85,961 to China.
Bank of England advanced its rate of discount.
Slight advance in Sterling Exchange.
Wheat lower all around. Other grains unchanged.
Hay- firm and old crop higher. Fecdstuffs as before.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
AVct> Potatoes zvcaker, and Onions easy. Tomatoes higher.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs firmer.
Fresh Fruits continue in ample supply.
Citrus Fndts as previously quoted.
No further change in Dried Fruits.
Provision market stands the same.
Previous prices rule for Beef, Mutton and Pork.
Nothing new on the local stock exchanges.
Decreased foreign exports from this port.
WASHINGTON, ; June 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J164,149,651; gold. J96, 015,211.
». *
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Money on "call.' steady
at 3 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 3%@4V2
per cent; sterling, exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at J4 84U@4 84% for
demand and at $4 84i4@4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates, J4 S6<?4 S3; commercial bills,
$4 84%@4 85; silver certificates, nominally, 60c;
bar silver 59%c; Mexican dollars, 4Sc; State
bonds, inactive; Government bonds, strong;
railroad bonds, inactive.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, June 6.— Atchison.' 91%; Canadian
Pacific 109; Northern Pacific preferred, 100% ;
Grand Trunk, 11%;' Anaconda, 10%. Bar sil
ver, steady, 27 7-16d per ounce. - Money, 2
per cent. : ." ' " > . ,%.-"
CLOSING.
The stock market continues dull; with deal
ings very light .in volume. To-day's trading
was inactive but steady.; The bank rate .was
reduced from 4 to 3^ per cent. This was a
favorable factor, but the bank's action, had
been generally expected .and the effect was,
therefore, pretty well discounted.
American shares were the briskest, but even
in this . department speculators were timid and
were generally content to deal In small lots.
The list opened rather dull, but hardened
somewhat i on the announcement of - the ¦ re
duction In the bank rate. The advance was
followed and supported by : buying for the
New York • account. Toward the end of the
session quotations broke somewhat. I but there
was a rally on buying on the curb after the
close. The favorites were Louisville and Nash
ville and Southern Pacific, the latter being
prominent because of dividend talk. . Atchlson
was a dollar lower. * V.'.V.V
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Boston & Maine... 194 V4
C B & Q 19S
Dominion Coal 34^
do prefd ¦.".....'...116
U S Steel 50%
do prefd 99
Gen Electric ......245
Mex Central 26
N E Gas & Coke.. 10
Old Dominion 32%
Rubber 20
Union Pacific 110
Union Land ...... r . 3
Boston & Mon.....446
Cal & Hecla.......83O
Centennial 29V4
Franklin 17
Humboldt .. 25
Osceola ;. 86%
Parrot 64 .
Quincy .............170
Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Tamarack .........330.
Utah Mining 31
Wlnona :.. 2%
Wolverines 56&
LONDON, June 6.— Consols, 93%d; silver,
27 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 5c@101f 20c; car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. . 1
standard California. 30s; English country mar
kets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. June 6.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s l^d^Bs 2d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, cheaper; weather in Eng
land, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 9-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 5s ll%d: No. 1 Northern. 6s 2d; No. 1 Cali
fornia, 6s 2d. • Futures, quiet; July, 5s ll%d;
September, 5s 10%d. ;l
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
3s HVtd; do old, 4s 3^4d; futures, quiet: July,
3s ll%d; September, 3s 11 Hd; October, nom
inal. •
TACOMA, June 6.— WHEAT — Steady and
quiet; blue- stem, 61@61%c; club, 60c. , ,
Foreign Markets. .
.PORTLAND, June 6. — WHEAT — Walla
Walia. 59@T.0c.
OREGON.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., June 6.— Clearings, $318,941;
balances, $37,990.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The cotton market
closed quiet and steady, ¦ with prices 6@8 points
hlsher. . .
hand when the local 'metal market opened was
rather of a surprising character, inasmuch as
it indicated a gain of £7 on spot; and future
tin as a result of speculation and a good .busi
ness was executed at the ad\-ance... The close
with spot tin was quoted at £130 7s 6d and fu
tures £127. This news inspired confidence in
local circles and our market developed consid
erable • strength ' with a good gain in values
scored before the close, as spot was quoted fin
ally at J28 62%@28 87%; thus showing an advance
of 70 points since last night. Copper in London
and at New York displayed a quiet and un
changed market, closing nominally here at J17
for Lake Superior and J16 62V4 for casting and
electrolytic, while spot copper aboard closed at
£69 6s 3d and futures £69 17s 6d. Lead also
ruled quiet and. about steady at unchanged
prices. London closed at £12 6s 9d. Spelter con
tinued dull at $3 95@4. In London values were
reduced 2s 6d to £17 10s. Domestic iron war
rants ruled more or less nominal in the absence
of business. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s
6d and Mlddlesboro at 45s 3d.
1 Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, , June 6.— Cable information at
New York -Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales . of California jj fruit : .; Apricots— Royals,
$1 30 : to $2 15 single* crates. Peaches—Alexan
der/ »1 30 to $1 70 box; Clymans' *1 70 to $1 80
single crates. Cherries— Black Tartarians, 60c
to $2 20 box; Bigarreau,' Jl 20 to U 45; Cleve
land, Soc to $1 25. v , ¦ / /
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Cherries-
Royal Anne, , $1 25 to,$l 30; Tartarians, 85c to
$1'55; Bigarreau, $1 05 to $1 35; Governor Wood,
40c to $1 20; Rockports, 80c to $1 25.- Apricots-
Royals, $1 15 to Jl 80; Seedlings, $1 35 to Jl 40;
Alexanders,* Jl 05 to jl 40; Clymans,' Jl 80.
CHICAGO, June 6 —Porter Bros. Company s
sales of California fruit: Cherries— Tartarians,
Jl 05 to Jl 65; Governor Woods, 65c to Jl 05;
Bigarreau, 75c v to $135; Royal Annes, 60c to
Jl 90; Eagles, Jl 55; Yellow Spanish, Jl 50;,Ox
hearts. 55c to 60c. Peaches— Alexanders, SOc to
$1 20 box, $1 10 crates. Apricots— Royals, $1 2o
to Jl 60. Prunes— Tragedys, J3 to' $3 50. . Plums
— Clymans, Jl 35 to Jl 55. • . ' :
- PHILADELPHIA. I June 6.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and the following prices were realized:
Apricots— Royal; single crates, Jl 45@1 60, aver
age Jl 54. Peaches— Alexander, -boxes, Jl 15®
1 90, average Jl 47; Briggs' Early May, boxes,
Jl 20@l 45, average Jl 39. Plums— Clyman, sin
gle crates, average Jl 75. One car sold to-day.
Weather favorable. ,-" *a . •¦. . -:/
¦ BOSTON, ..June 6.— The Earl' Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day at the fol
lowing prices: Apricots— Royal, single crates,
J2 2O@2 30, average i $2 24. Cherries — Bins,
boxes, average J2 70;. Royal Anne, boxes, Jl 6o@
2 50, average Jl 91. One car sold to-day. Fa
vorable weather. • .
California 'Fruit 'Sales.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow, 20,
000; estimated left over ¦ " 3000. * Strong to ac
higher, - closing easier; top, J6 02#." ¦: Mixed and
butchers. 1 ' $5 70@5 97%: good . to -choice heavy,
*5 80@6 02%; rough [ heavy, $5 65@5 75; .flight,
?5 65®5 SO; bulk of sales. $5 85@5 95. i. :
SHEEP-Recelpts, 9000. ', Sheep steady, ewes
weak, lambs steady. Spring lambs up to ?5 6a.
Good to choice wethers, $4@4 30; fair to choice
mixed, $3 65@4 15; Western sheep. ?4 10®* |»j
Texas sheep, $4 25(3>4 40; native lambs, $4@a <!o;
Western lambs, $4~50@5 25.
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
S. IM.
T. IW. 1 T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
1 /C3\ J uae -
\i) Full Moon,
2 3 4 5 6 .7 S I
18 17 13 19 20 21 22
; — Ak
23 24 25 26 27 28 29 w
June IS.
New Moon.
-—!—!- I ! 1 ( 1 -3* June 33. -
S3 2 2 0 as »c
STATIONS. g i|'fi,Sf So :;H
Astoria S0.1S 56 48 SW Cloudy .23
Baker 2s».£4 66 48 ¦ NW Cloudy .04
Carson - 29.S6 "4 44 W Clear. 0
Eureka 50 0
Fresr.0 29.S0 92 It NW CIsar 0
Flagstaff 30.08 76 40 SW Clear 0
Pocatelln. Id 29.S6 TS 42 W Clear 0
Independence 29.74 S8 60 SE Cloudy 0
Los Angeles 30.00 72 66 W Clear 0
Phoenix 23.8* 8S 66 N Clear 0
Pcrtlard S0.14 5S 50 SW Pt.Cldy .03
Red Bluff 29. SS 8S 66 SE Clear " 0
UoseburK 30.14 62 50 N Pt.Cldy 0
SarTaroento 23.94 S4 54 SW Clear 0
Fall Lake 23.88 S4 48 N Clear 0
Fan Francisco 30.C6 64 48 W Clear 0
Fan Lui? Ob!spo..S0.C2 7S 46 S Clear 0
San Df.;so 23.98 66 62 W Clear 0
Stettle 30.12 5S 42 SE Pt.Cldy .0*
SiH-kane ..30.00 C4 46 SW Cloudy .05
Neah I5s?y 30.12 54 44 SW Cloudy .20
V.'elia Walla 30.02 70 10 W Cloudy .05
Wlnn?mucca 29.S0 80 42 SW Pt.Cldy 0
Tuma 23.84 96 66 SW Clear 0
S. IM.
T. IW. 1 T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
1 /C3\ J uae -
\i) Full Moon,
2 3 4 5 6 .7 S I
18 17 13 19 20 21 22
; — Ak
23 24 25 26 27 28 29 w
June IS.
New Moon.
-—!—!- I ! 1 ( 1 -3* June 33. -
S3 2 2 0 as »c
STATIONS. g i|'fi,Sf So :;H
Astoria S0.1S 56 48 SW Cloudy .23
Baker 2s».£4 66 48 ¦ NW Cloudy .04
Carson - 29.S6 "4 44 W Clear. 0
Eureka 50 0
Fresr.0 29.S0 92 It NW CIsar 0
Flagstaff 30.08 76 40 SW Clear 0
Pocatelln. Id 29.S6 TS 42 W Clear 0
Independence 29.74 S8 60 SE Cloudy 0
Los Angeles 30.00 72 66 W Clear 0
Phoenix 23.8* 8S 66 N Clear 0
Pcrtlard S0.14 5S 50 SW Pt.Cldy .03
Red Bluff 29. SS 8S 66 SE Clear " 0
UoseburK 30.14 62 50 N Pt.Cldy 0
SarTaroento 23.94 S4 54 SW Clear 0
Fall Lake 23.88 S4 48 N Clear 0
Fan Francisco 30.C6 64 48 W Clear 0
Fan Lui? Ob!spo..S0.C2 7S 46 S Clear 0
San Df.;so 23.98 66 62 W Clear 0
Stettle 30.12 5S 42 SE Pt.Cldy .0*
SiH-kane ..30.00 C4 46 SW Cloudy .05
Neah I5s?y 30.12 54 44 SW Cloudy .20
V.'elia Walla 30.02 70 10 W Cloudy .05
Wlnn?mucca 29.S0 80 42 SW Pt.Cldy 0
Tuma 23.84 96 66 SW Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
2£«3\ I Ajv
STANDARD AND REGISTERED
TROTTING HORSES
¦ , (Fifty, in Number.)
-SINGLE ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE
HORSES. BROOD MARES. WELL-MATCHED
TEAMS and HORSES SUITABLE FOR BUSI-
NESS . PURPOSES, by such sires as Direct.
Electioneer. Director. Dexter Prince, Directive
Hambletonian Wilkes. Piedmont. General Ben-
ton. Sidney Dillon, Cresco, Almonltlon. Le
Grande. Bay Rose. Tom Benton. etc.. out of
some of the most noted mares in California.
We Will Also Sell -Some Young •
HEAVY DRAFT HORSES.
. This stock was bred by Messrs. Henry and
i Ira Pierce, on their .Santa Rosa and Yerba
| Buena Stock Farms, are choice Individuals and
! must be sold without reserve or limit.
Also the fast horses. HI JO DEL DLVBLO
i 2:11. MOJAVE 2:15 and WAVELET 2:28.
THIS DAT.
FRIDAY, June 7, 1901,
. -At 11 a. m.. at
OCCIDENTAL HORSK EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LAYNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard. Catalogues Ready.
£& -fe
CONSIGNMENT OF
40 Head of Young Blocky
Work Horses,
MATCHED SPANS, BLACKS, BATS AND
BROWNS, from the ranch of J. W. Churchill
Esq., Yreka, Slsklyou County.
FRED H. CHASE & CO., 1732 Market at.
-^ DO yVJJ BELIEVE %
' IN: SIGNS ?
J^\V " : Few^people realize to what size and over-. - L wi J
A-,'W.\*> ' .'"-• shadowing Importance in the commercial world
\ \ VSSsr^ the Paciflc Coast States will attain in the »next f •/)
\ \^^J^r-n decade.* > It - Is * conceded, however, that San «g*^7 « "" / /
*\-X^A^^*>Francisco will be the GREAT metropolis. Some L5j-OvV /
JC^\ S—-*?"-of the big establishments of the near future are j-i-t = j^^f ;
: ••'- .stiirin. embryo— undreamed 'of by . the ' general *T*ti* x.-jj'
.- We know of a. contemplated manufacturing: .
* >^^>r ' enterprise— honest and clean— that will. make 1U
sGa* mark quickly, pnee it is launched. A half dozen fcvSrxa
-. " f\, '-¦ i. pood -men, with a small amount . of capital . can ., ' f TM\ jr
- I -\- j : '- : '.'//'~ set it going and be guaranteed success from the . ./ / V I
j V ' \ For particulars call or, address,' . . | )J \ "A
Ifc-lk:- ;¦'; WESTrGOAST ¦ INVESTMENT GO;, jj j{
?:•.••:•••:¦¦ «;--^-:-:'.-.-AI | ig- phe'an Building * San Francisco. FTy-T-'-: :^-; . .'San 'Jose Bond Issue Defeated.*
Post-Dispatch from Aurora, Mo., says:
A telephone message from Galena, Stone
Count y>, twenty-five miles off the railroad,
eays that Mrs. John Stallion and her two
cons by a former marriage, James and
Will Crabtree, have confessed to the mur
der of Alice Stallion, the 16-year-old
stepdaughter of the woman. According
to the confession the boys held Alice while
the mother broke her skull with a poker.'
The body was then thrown into the James
River. There is great excitement and a
lynching may result within the next four
howre. , ' '
Alice was to have been married to a
young Illinois man, who fell in love with
her while on a hunting trip. . Mrs. Stal
lion was, it Is said, jealous of her Ftep
daugbter because of her beauty and popu
larity.
Aided by Her Two Sons She Kills
Their Stepsister With a
Poker.
ST. LOUIS. June 6.— A "Special to the
MOTHER CONFESSES TO " .;iv
A TERRIBLE MURDER
Al Herzog, 30 years of age and connect
ed with the Hamburg- American steam
ship line, was treated at the Receiving
Hospital last night for a fractured skull.
He fe!l from the porch in the rear of a
restaurant on Post street, near Taylor.
He is not expected to -recover.
Al Herzog's Skull' Fractured.
£ SACRAMENTO. "June 6.--J6hn M. Doni
phan,:a" switchman 'tender '. in \ the employ,
of ;' the Southern "i Pacific ¦' Company," ! was
struck n by ,; a ' train' '. which y was ¦ being
switched a in , the » local . yards ', at 2 • o'clock
this morning.- His right arm and right leg
were •-. mangled. ¦- Donlphan v was c at v? once
taken to the railroad hospital, where the
surgeons ? proceeded to amputate the»iri
jured # limbs. .-= He died ¦; on the * operating
table. He was a native of Kentucky, aged
40 yeara fX^'i'*- •' • '< ; "•" '"¦ : ¦' : " •";¦¦-¦¦¦¦
' : ' ', : ' -¦ • ' ¦-' ~ . . V \.V' ."... C'. ; ': ¦'::¦" ¦-.-
Switchman Killed by Can.
GRASS VALLEY, June 6.— Ground was
broken yesterday^ for- the grade, of Vthe
electric roadv between Grass. Valley > and
Nevada City. The ceremony was attend
ed by a large number of citizens of both
towns. General Manager O.H. PalrcTilld
Of the Nevada County. Traction Company
was master ', of ceremonies and intro
duced Mayor. M.E. Clinch- of Grass Val
ley, -who made a: brief speech, to- which
Mr. I Fairchild • replied, gf He • promised the
road . would be completed and In t perfect
order by Admission day, September 9. -• :
;- County Supervisor : C. ¦ J." Miller,: with ' a
new pick, struck the first few blows that
broke ; the ground. ;. while the , crowd
cheered: ...The scene of the ceremony was
on the county road outside the city limits.
Twenty men will be put at work to-mor
row morning and * ' the * force will be ;. in
creased ' as fast aa possible, : - - . a * : : > '
Work Commences on the Line to Con
nect Neva&a City and 'Grass ;
':¦:¦/. .':'^ ':¦:'/¦ Valley./' .' ¦'; : -^:/;:^ v
GBOT7ND IS BROKEN
EOB NEW BAILWAY
Congressional Committee Coining. I
' NEW ORLEANS, June 6.— The members
of 'the River* . and Harbor Committee : left
to-night over -the Southern Pacific route
to San FranclacOi but will stop at Beau
mont early in the morning, where one of
the gushers will be turned loose for their
benefit. -" The committee will . also visit
Galveston.-' ..;. . : ."- ..'.-¦< ; ." '.. -.; '¦,,.;;>
ary commission of the 'American .and Ca-"
nadian governments now engaged in re
locating the International line ; on . the
western slope of the Cascade Mountains
have completed their work through the
Mount Baker mining: district and -find
that it runs three-fifths of a mile, farther
south than has been heretofore supposed,
but all of the more valuable mines re
rnain on American territory. . ;
NEW WHATCOM, June 6.-The bound-
tTNITE© STATES LOSES ,
. STBJP OE TERRITORY
ter, 87 years oW, was severely burned In
his cabin on Hines' ranch, three miles
from Susan ville, Tuesday evening. ' The old
ir-an was alone on the ranch at the time.
Daniel Cramer, a neighbor, Saw the cabin
in flames and went to Sylvester's assist
ance, carrying the old man from the
cabin: Sylvester's back was so severely
burned that it Is doubtful if he will live.
Sylvester is one of the pioneers of Las
sen County, settling here in 18S2. In early
days he traded with emigrants and -was
part owner of one of the finest ranches
in tho valley. He met with business re
verses and deeded his ranch to his part
ner, Hines, 1 with the understanding that
he Was to have a home the remainder of
his life. . After that he lived the life of
a hermit, ' only going to elections to vote
the Republican ticket. . . .
SUSANVILLE, June 6.-Azel V. Sylves-
RESCUES AGED PIONEER
' FBOM BtntNID-O CABIN
John F, Johnson, a Seattle saloon
keeper, en route from San Diego to his
home, dropped dead in the International
Hotel last night. The man complained of
feeling HI on the train and was brought
to this city. He had scarcely entered
the hotel when he expired. Heart fail
ure is given as the cause of death.
Dropped Dead in Hotel.
Samuel Levy, an old man who has been
residing at the Hotel Granada with his
eon. attempted suicide last night in La
fayette Square by cutting his throat with
a razor. He has been a sufferer from
asthma for years and was evidently de
spondent over his failure to secure relief.
He was brought to the Receiving Hospi
tal and the wound was w>wed up. It is
feared that, owing to his advanced age,
he will succumb to the shock.
Samuel Levy Attempts Suicide.
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday
appointed W. A. Gassaway as a Chinese
Inspector on probation for three months,
pending the creation of an eligible list.
w. I). Heilmann was appointed an un
classified laborer. Charles B. Crane an as
plstant storekeeper and J. C. Pohley a
fireman, C. C. Kessler has been appoint
ed to the vacancy made by the withdraw
al of C M. DufRcy as Customs Inspector.
Charges were filed by 'an attorney named
Dye accusing Chief Dunn of the Chinese
Bureau of being too zealous in the dis
charge of his duties and In enforcing
the tcrm3 of the Chinese exclusion act.
Customs Appointments.
ST. JOHNS. N. F... June 6.— The Leyland
steamship, Assyrian, from Antwerp for
Montreal with 2000 j tons 'of cargo,- is
ashore off Cape Race. ' She has eleven
feet of water in her forehold and Is likely
to prove a total wreck. Her crew had
great difficulty in escaping, and reaching
the shore. The "steamship Algerine iwas
dispatched to the scene of the wreck s by
Lloyd's agents. ¦¦-.;-. . ,.
It now seems likely that the voyages of
the Assyrian have ended. She was run
ning at full speed through the fog when
she struck Cape Race, and she now lies
almost a hulk on the coast. For * three
days Captain pingrle had, been navigating
by the log and he had calculated upon a
•course rounding Cape Race thirty miles
south of land. This plan,- however, was
frustrated by northerly currents. ". '¦ - : ¦"
The Assyrian struck at 11:40 last night.
Land had been sighted only a minute be
fore. The fog was dense and there was
no time to reduce her speed. She struck
the face of the cliff and was forced upon
the outlying rocks. The Impact tore out
the bottom of the . two forward holds.
She heeled over to the starboard when
her side glanced against the cliff.- •
The crew at first . was panic-stricken,
but after a time comparative calm was
restored and precautions were taken - to
secure the safety 'Oi all on board. .When
the extent of ' her injuries was disclosed,
It was seen that she was badly damaged,
but would outlast any ( except a severe
storm. The arrival of daylight enabled
Captain Dingle to land the mate, who
climbed the cliffs,- proceeded to Cape Race
station and telegraphed the news of the
disaster. ¦ -; : * _ . \
Steamer Assyrian Lies
a Total Wreck-Off
Cape Race.
RUNS AGROUND
IN A DENSE FOE
ing run over by a boxcar on Klnp 6tnset
between Fifth and Sixth. Smith had
climbed to the top of the car and was
trying to disconnect It when he lost his
balance and fell between two cars and on
the rail, the wheels passing over his body
and killing- him Immediately.
Th> unfortunate switchman was a na
tive of Illinois and thirty years old. He
resided with his family at 6S4 Fourth
Ftroet. Several railroad hands who wit
nessed the accident made statements at
the Coroner's office to the effect that the
Orath of Smith was purely accidental and
that nobedy was to blame.
Instantly killed yesterday morning by be-
James M. Smith, a switchman working
for the Southern Pacific Company, was
Tames Smith Falls Off the Top of a
Box Car and Is Bun
Over.
RAJXBOAD SWITCHMAN
KILLED WHILE WORKING
northeast of Copper City there are an
abundance of beautiful- specimens of -the
Triassic of the Mesozoic age, many of the
fossils being unclassified. Dr. J. P. Smith,
a member of the faculty of Stanford Uni
versity, visited the field recently and was
Impressed by -the presence of fossils of
the period named. In a few days he will
be in Redding at the head of a party of
geologists and students on the way to
examine and procure specimens, espe
cially those that are -as yet- unclassified.
In* the party, besides Dr. Smith, will bfe
Professor Milner Roberts of Stanford, Dr.
A'. H. Merrlam of the State University,
and several students: ; ; . .
REDDING, June 6.— In the district lying
ifled. ¦ ¦> ¦ ' ¦. ..
WEALTH OF FOSSILS
OF MESOZOIC AGE
MONTEREY. June 6.— A valuable sci
entific find has been made here by J. K.
Oliver, a local conchologlst. It is a shell
unlike any hitherto known, and Mr. Oli
ver has up to this time been unable to
classify It. The shell is four and a half
inches, long and five and a half inches
in circumference at its largest point, of a
dark- brown color and spiral in shape,
with very decided graduations In- the
steps,, as It were, of the spiral. If more
nearly resembles the surcula' carpenter
iana than any other known shell, but Mr.
Oliver believes It belongs to the same
family as the fusis fusipilaris. In default
of a better name, he has christened It the
staircase spindle shell. "
• The shell was found in deep water in
Monterey Bay by one of the local fisher
men, and sold by him to Mr. Oliver. Mr.
Oliver Intends sending it to ¦ the Smith
sonian Institution to be studied and class-
MONTEREY CONCHOLOGIST
DISCOVERS NEW SHELL
LOS ANGELES, June 6.— D. W. Field of
Los Angeles has captured a nice position
In the shape of a membership In the State
Building and Loan .Commission. While
the official announcement of the appoint
ment has not been made yet; it is known
that It will be forthcoming to-morrow or
Saturday.
Governor Gage said to-night that he had
not yet filled any of the vacancies In the
commission and would not confirm the re
port that Field will be honored with a
place In th© commission. The friends of
Field declare, however, that he has been
decided upon for the place and that his
appointment will soon be made. It may
be that Governor Gage will not announce
the appointment until he returns to Sac
ramento. There were fifteen or twenty
applicants for the position from Los An
geles, but a week or more ago many of
those who became convinced that Field
had the inside track abandoned their ef
forts. Field is vice president and treas
urer of the Union Mutual Loan Asso
ciation and is treasurer of the Gold Crown
Mining and Milling Company. He is well
known In Los Angeles business circles.
FIELD WILL BE GIVEN •
LOAN ASSOCIATION PLACE
"Nazareth," Clay M. Greene's passion
play, filled the theater of Santa Clara
College to overflowing. The audience was
a delighted and appreciative one, and tho
good work of the actors was greeted With
applause. To-night's representation was
the best of the series and the young
actors showed a marked Improvement. A
special train from San Francisco brought
several hundred persons and San Jose
and every town in the valley was repre
sented.
'Nazareth" has stood the test of criti
cal audiences and it is believed it will
become an annual feature of the college.
Father Kenna has not yet made this an
nouncement, but he has stated that the
play will be presented again Inside of a
year. From all over the State people
have come to see the play and they all
pronounce it grand and some have asked
that another performance be given at
once.
Clay M. Greene, the author, received two
handsome presents this evening. One was
a beautiful silver loving cup from the
alumni association and the other, a g-old
match safe engraved with the arms of the
college, was a gift from the students.
William Humphrey of San Francisco made
the presentation speech.
SAX JOSE. June 6.— For the third time
PASSION PLAY PLEASES
ANOTHEB LAJRQE AUDIENCE
VALUABLE TELESCOPE
. MIEROB IS SHATTEEED
and May Delay a Projected
Expedition.
It Belonged to the Lick Observatory
PITTSBURG, June •?.— A great thirty
six inch mirror belonging to a Newtonian)
reflecting telescope at Lick observatory
was shattered into many fragments yes
terday in the workshop of Professor John
A. Brashear of this city while It was being
drilled to convert it . Into a cassegran
glass. -As a' result it is probable that the
Ions-projected expedition of the Lick ob
servatory into the Sduthern hemisphere
will have to j be postponed.' Professor
Brashear will make a new glass for tha
Lick scientists, but the glass for this can
not be obtained from France in less than
six months. The great mirror was flv*
inches thick and weighed about 403 pounds.
It was valued at $3000. but the greatest
loss Is in the delay It will cause in tha
starting of the South American expedition.
Martin Wins B^ddlesdown Plate.
LONDON, June 6.— The Sister Lucy fllly
(Martin) won the Riddlesdown plate at
the Epsom summer meet to-day. Colonel
H. .McCalnlont's Isle of Man (Maher) was
second andXBoy of Egromond, owned by
E. C. Clayton, finished third.
F. Stokes' Master Willie won the Royal
Stakes handicap of £1000. The Sierra colt
came second' and the Duke of Devon
shire's Dleudonne ran third. Seventeen
horses finished.
W. Hall Walker's Merry Gal (L. RelfT)
won. the Epsom cup. P. Lorlllard's David
Garrlck (Maher) was second and R. Slev
er's King Courier., came in third. ¦
Michael Ephrussi's Ghost won the Dor
ban Plate handicap of £1000, E. Corrigan'a
Semper . Vigilans was second . and A. P.
Cunllffe's Ypsilantl ran third. Seven
horses started. • - "¦ .
OHIO IS VISITED BY
HEAVY WIND AUT> BAUT
Many Houses Are Flooded and Sev
eral Persons Are Instantly
Killed by Lightning.
' RIPLEY, Ohio, June 6— A terrible 1 rain
storm, accompanied by, a heavy wind,
visited this section last night, doing great
damage to property and causing the loss
of a number of lives. ; Eagle Creek suf
fered severely and a number of people are
reported missing and probably drowned.
At Ellsberry, Brown County,- many
houses .were flooded. A -relief committee
is taking- care of the victims. Fifty cattle
were drowned near Ellsberry and all the
telephone and telegraph lines in the path
of the storm suffered. At Maysvllle, Ky.,
the heaviest 5 rainfall In years occurred.
Houses on Canada Creek were moved from
their foundations. At Portsmouth, Ohio,
the rainfall was nearly two inches.
¦ Cyrus. Storer: was drowned In Brush
Creek, near "West Union. He was over
taken by the flood -while fishing-.. Edward
Stewart, a farm laborer, was struck by
lightning and instantly killed in a field
near Remington.- • -•-...
PORTSMOUTH. Ohio. June 6.— During
the heavy storm here Robert Lawson of
South Portsmouth. - sought shelter - In a
barn and was killed by lightning.
Will I>o Its Own Coining.
MELBOURNE, June 6.— The I House of
Representatives to-day appointed a com
mittee to report on the best means for the
commonwealth undertaking. its own coin
age and adopting the decimal system. The
Imperial Government favors the plan.
George W. Cumberland.
. NEW YORK, June 6.— George "W. Cum
berland, known to - the ¦ American stage
as George W. Thompson. "Father of the
Elks," Is dead In Brooklyn from blood
poisoning following an operation on his
hand. He was 63 years old. He Is said
to have founded the- order of Elks thirtv
flve years ago, becoming first, exalted
ruler of New York Lodge No. 1 in 1S63.
He afterward became district deputy
grand ruler of New York. : secretary of
the board of grand trustees and deputy
exalted ruler of the United States.
Arthur S. Bagge.
SANTA CRUZ. June 6.— Arthur I Salis
bury Bagge died Tuesday evening at the
home of his mother on Church street. - He
was a second cousin of Sir Edward-Bagge
of Islington Hall, Norfolk, England, and
a cousin of the Marchesa dl Martagliari
of Florence, Italy. ¦ He was -29 years of
age and a native of Nevada.
Alfred H. Hertog, a bookkeeper In the
office of the Hamburg-American Steam
ship Company and residing at 1615 Scott
street, died at the Receiving Hospital last
night from injuries received through a
fall from a porch In the rear of the
Olympic Cafe, on Post street, near Taylor.
Herzog and a party of friends entered
the cafe to partake of tamales. He left
his friends and went out. on the porch.
His prolonged absence alarmed his com
panions and one of them went to look
for him. He found Herzog on his 'back
on the ground, ten feet below. •. •
An ambulance was hastily summoned
and'Herzosr was taken to tile Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that he had
sustained a fracture of the skull. An
operation was performed, but the patient
succumbed.
This is the third case that has been
brought to the hospital from this place,
and In each case the injuries were caused
by a fall from the porch, which- Is not
protected by a railing.
Drops From Restaurant
Porch and Fractures
His Skull.
• ' Grammar grade certificates presented to —
John Cavanagh, Maggie Nelson, May Dunleavy,
Annie Connors, Lizzie Dooley, Kate Burke,
Kate Kerrigan.
Honorary promotions — John Cavanagh, May
Elicovlch, May Purcell,- Charles Whelan, James
Mullaney, Anna Furlong, Anna Kukar, Carrie
Asplund. Anna Gliebe. Mary Coughlin, Ger
trude Hammill, Mary Hurley, Julia Curry, May
Lbgue, Alice Cavanagh, Lizzie Christensen,
Dennis McCarthy, Willie Gheehy, Kugend Fitz
patrick, Thomas Burke, Louise Ullrich, Sadie
Brennan, Agnes Burke. George Doherty, John
Maloney, Thomas Timlin, Louis Murray* John
Slater, Philip Clayburg, Eddie Darcey, Thomas
Maloney, Frank Robinson, Mary Gliebe," Anna
Johnson, Willie McCarthy, Frank • Corrigan,
Joseph O'Kane, Irene Palmer, Loretto Seery,
"Willie Benson, Leo Coghlin, Erlton Furlong,
Martin Franuslch, Kathleen Kerrigan, Nicho
las Slgglns. George Neally, James Cribben.
Helen Purcell.
FIVE GIRL GRADUATES.
Commencement at the \ Academy of
the Immaculate Conception.
The seventeenth annual commencement
exercises of the Academy, of the Immac
ulate Conception were held yesterday
afternoon in St. Paul's Hall, Church and
Twenty-ninth streets, in the presence of
Archbishop Riordan, many, of the clergy
and 'the relatives and friends of the pu
pils. • =- - .: ¦
. The large hall was crowded. to the. doors
and the programme presented was a trib
ute to the energy of the Dominican Sis
ters who conduct the academy at Guerre
ro street, near Twenty-fourth.'
. Archbishop Riordan . received a hearty
welcome from the large audience when
he entered the hall,* and with other spec
tators keenly enjoyed the- efforts of the
CHURCH CONTROL
OF LECTURESHIP
Commercial department— Graduating honors
conferred— Florence Mullaney. Mary Fitz
patrick. Annie Dunleavy, Ellen McKenn^.
Eleanor Sears, ! Catherine Fitzgerald, ¦ Mary
Flaherty.
ALFRED HERZOG
DIES FROM FALL
pTf"^ HE parents and friends of the pu
ll pils of Our Lady of Mercy Acad
11 . emy filled St. Brendan's Hall yes-
JA terday afternoon and watched
them receive their certificates of
award for the year's work.' The hall was
prettily decorated with flowers and green
ery. ,and the stage on which the children
rendered the programme was set in sylvan
scenes and made a fitting background for
the young students, who were dressed In
white gowns.'
An excellent programme was presented
and each number Was heartily applauded.
The opening: number was a march by an
orchestra composed of Misses J. Molly,
M. Tarrabocia. N. Seery, Masters TV|
Meehan. P. McNevin. P. O'Nell. J. Nolan
aiid J. Fitzpatrick, violin; mandoi
lins— Misses G.. Cook, N. Sears," N. Boul
let and M. Alexander: pianos— Misses A.
McNevin, M. Flaherty, C. Fitzgerald and
M. v Fitzpatrick. ; .
An address by J. Cavanaugh followed,
after which there was singing 1 , instru
mental music and a garland drill by the
pupils. The diplomas and certificates
were presented by Rev. Father Nugent,
pastor of St. Brendan's Church, j Fol
lowing is a complete list of the grad
uates:
Congregatlonallsts and the University
of California Regents are alike i anxious
that no misapprehension arise regarding
the Earl iectureship that has just been
founded at the Bacific Theological Semin
ary at Berkeley. While the lectures will
be open to the public and it is hoped to
make them of interest and profitable to
students of the university, they will be in
no way whatever connected with the State
Institution. ¦'•..•
: - Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, who Is fa
miliar with the plans of the board of trus
tees of the theological seminary, explains
then) as follows:
"The fund endowing the lectureship will
be administered by the board of trustees
of the seminary. A committee of three
has been appointed from the. trustees to
secure the lecturer to inaugurate the lec
tureship. . Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean is chair
man of the committee.
"The intention is to get each year one
of the Congregational * church's most
eminent men to deliver , a series of lec
tures. He will be chosen ' from among the
Eastern theologians or great thinkers In
allied fields, or in case of the presence In
this country of. some eminent; scholar
from Great Britain effort will be made to
secure him.... "¦ ' ' . S ¦ ¦
"The, series will be similar in character
to the Lyman Beecher lectures at Yale or
the Bampton lectures at Oxford. Prob
ably each series will be published In book
"The university will have no connection
whatever with these lectures, except that
its students will be warmly welcomed to
them. They will be delivered either "in
our church at Berkeley or in the lecture
hall I of tho seminary> • not in a college
building." , «
Regent J.B. Relnstein said yesterday
that' any apprehension felt on account of
the endowment of the lectureship was un
founded. . • ¦ - ¦' . • •¦'¦••,
- "There has been no tender to us," Mr.
Relnstein said, "of the endowment fund
and ho thought of any connection between
U and the university. The State constitu
tion very, explicitly forbids sectarian or
religious ¦ instruction ¦ ot - influences,
arid there "¦ Is - no ¦ danger . ¦ of q. the
Regents acting in disregard ' of the
constitution. The University < of • Cali
fornia has been - kept free - from sec
tarian or political Influences and will be
kept soMn the future. The people would
not tolerate any; departure froniv that
policy. Of course, if religious sects deslro
to establish colleges or lectureships at
Berkeley and give free access to them to
students of the State -University we can
not prevent that if we should desire to do
60.'' ¦'•'¦'' ¦'."-¦ •;.•"¦¦ ' " ¦' "' •''-' '¦. ' '¦ V< .'¦ -¦¦>,¦,
<- "The lectureship," said General' Barnes
of the Board of > Regents. "Is .^purely a
church; affair. The Regents have nothing
whatever to do with: It. The lectures will
not be given in a university. building-, nor
controlled by university' authorities, nor
advertlaed as' a. university, series. ';, Of
course, ; any sect Is free to proceed as the
Congregatfohallsts have done, and -if ¦ they
should all ¦• do so * it would not i affect the
State's neutral attitude." ,, .;
Instruction.
State Regents Have No
Part in Religious
children to please their teachers, rela
tives and friends. That the childrei
have diligently followed the teachings o
the Dominican Sisters was shown by th
remarkable excellence of their recitals
and their musical talent, both vocal am
instrumental. ¦" = . t -.'• ¦
A monthly magazine, "The School
Echo," Issued and edited by the pupils
of the academy, was circulated yesterday
at the exercises, and the contents Includ
ed some very clever essays written by
the young ladles who received certificates
and medals for completing the grammar
course. ¦ ' . .-^
The five young ladies who received
their diplomas at the hands of Arch
bishop Rlordan were: Misses Marie Tier
ney, Lillie Jones, Nellie Counihan, Anne
Muller and Annie Malloy. ' -
A short address was delivered by' the
Archbishop, who tendered a tribute to
the sisters in charge of the. academy and
besought the pupils to give their entire
energy to the educational work outlined
for them. The programme, which was in
charge of Sisters Augustine, Colombia,
Vlncencia and Miss Lucy Donovan, was
as follows: " , — - ¦
"Flight of the Witches," Instrumental duet
(Hoist): hatchet drill, our boj-8; "Old Glory"
(chorus), our boys; Japanese drill, . Minims;
"March Brllliante" (Streabog), instrumental
trio; "The Year's Sweetheart" (July), first sing
ing class; "Bugle Song" (Tennyson),- second
elocution class; "Bohemian Qlrl," five young
violinists; ribbon drill, juveniles; "Soft Fell the
Dews of the Summer Night," second ringing
class; "Last Days of Mary Stuart," French
class; "Husarenraarsch" (G. • Gurlltt), - instru
mental .trio;, "Des Morgens In der Fruehe,"
German class; selections for violins, mandolins
and guitars (Blaekmar); -"The Powet- of --the
Matin Prayer," first elocution class; . "Die
Stumme von Porticl" (Auber), instrumental
duet; gypsy drill, fifth and sixth grades; "The
Lily and the Rose." -third singing class (vocal
chorus); "Jubel Feler," Instrumental trio (Kra
mer). _^ • . . ¦ t - . : -
of the session of the Supreme Lodge of j
the Friends of the Forest. A committee
was appointed to revise the ritual, with
instructions to curtail the charges.
A resolution was adopted that a set of
engrossed resolutions be presented to Past
Supreme President Mrs. Raymond for
services rendered the order.
The salary of the recording and finan
cial secretary •was increased to $30, and
Fhe was Instructed to send quarterly re
ports of the finances to each lodge.
The following were the supreme officers
elected for the current year: Mrs. M. M.
Reed, president: Mrs. S. F. Davidson,
vice president: Mrs. Lena Scholten. secre- I
tary; A. E> Craig, treasurer; Mrs. J. Mul
ler. chaplain; Mrs. E. Klmball, marshal;
Mrs. L. Diggert. warden; Mrs. L. Walsh,
inside guard; Mrs. M. Trenell. outside
guard; Mesdames A. Asman. L. H. Rin
ner and Annie KIdd, trustees; Ida A.
R'.ackall. Lizzie Tlllman and Mrs. L. L.
Bacon, auditors. These officers were duly
installed by Past President Mrs. Ray
mond.
During the afternoon a team of eight
<"i-'lcsates and a captain gave an exempll
liiation of new floor work to be used in
Initiation in the future. It introduced
many pretty features, ¦which were re
ceived with marlfis of approval.
The president appointed Mr. Craig. Mr.
RInner and Mrs. McLane a committee to
receive proposed amendments to the law
nt any time before the next session, to be
l:old in this city in June. 1902.
In the evening there was a banquet in
n Stockton street grillroom. There were
informal toasts, responded to by Mes
dames Reed. Davidson. Deggert. Kln
rAid. Bolhner. Scholten, Kruse and Mc-
Phun.
iMUKNPS OF THE FOREST
ELECT 2TEW OFFICERS
_____ \
Change in the Ritual Will Be made
and N"e-w Floor "Work In
troduced.
Yesterday was the second and last day
GRADUATES OF ST. BRENDAN'S SCHOOL, READING FROM LEFT TO
RIGHT: NELLIE SEARS. ANNIE DUNLEAVY, - MARY FLAHERTY,
•NELLIE McKENNA, MARY FITZPATRICK. FLORENCE MULLANY AND
KATIE FITZGERALD. SISTER MARY LIGUORI. . .
Parents and Friends of the Young People Witness Exercises at St. Brendan's
Hall, Where the Rev. Father Nugent Presents Diplomas and Certifi
cates to Those Who Were Graduated and to Those Who Were Promoted
"Although the Midland Railway Com
pany would not give, another order unless
in exceptional circumstances, it would not
be correct to s%y that the American loco
motives are not good. The Americans can
make them as well as we can, but the
conditions are different. Ours : are better
under all circumstances. There Is no mar
ket in the English railways for American
engines. Abroad it is different." .
Sir ErnesfPaget, chairman of the Mid
land Railway Company, will confirm John
son"3 statement in the Daily Mail, but will
say:
"In the United States they make their
engines on an entirely different principle
and with- quite an opposite idea to ours
as to the future. In the United States
you take an engine off the peg, as it were,
and from then work it right out until it
dies, giving It no rest. The American con
tention Is that by the time it is done for
something better will come on. We make
our engines as good as we possibly' can
and then we tend to them carefully, rest
them, clean them and do everything to
make them last. ' I :' " ' '¦• '
The American locomotives In question
cost £400 less than the British. They were
delivered in the course of a few months,
while the locomotives ordered of British
firms in February, 1897, were not delivered
until February, 1900, largely on account of
the strike. . . :
"It must be said that the. American en
gines worked the trains satisfactorily,"
Johnson will say, "but their inferiority In
the three principals named is incontes
table." ...... - ¦, r.« •
LONDON, June 6.— The Midland. Rail-*
way Company, since the latter half of 1S39,
has been using forty American locomo
tives. , Samuel W. Johnson, superintendent
Of the locomotive department of the. com
pany, will say In. the Daily Mail to-mor
row that the results of six months' com
parative tests, made with standard Mid
land good .• engines under the same con
ditions showed the' extra working cost of
the American locomotive over the British
to be from 20 to 25 per cent in fuel, 50 per
cent in oil and 60 per 'cent In repairs.
Interesting Comparison Be
tween Work Done Here.
•i and Abroad.
Britons Say American
Locomotives Cost
; Too Much.
PREFER THEIR
OWN ENGINES
NEW YORK, June 6.— There was much
excitement at the Amalgamated Copper
Company's special meeting In Jersey City
to-day to vote on the proposition to in
crease the capital stock from J75.CO0.00O to
$153,000,000. The injunction proceedings in
stituted yesterday by the opponents ot
..he Boston and Montana Copper Com
pany, to prevent the deal from going
through to-day, lent unusual interest to
the meeting-.
Vice Chancellor Stevens had Issued an
order restraining the merger, but permit
ting to-day's meeting in order that th«
sentiments of the stockholders might ba
obtained. William H. Corbin, counsel for
the Amalgamated Copper Company, was
elected chairman of the meeting. Clar
ence H. Venuer of Boston, In behalf of
the opposition, moved to adjourn until
June 20, but before Corbin would enter
tain this motion he directed that the con- .
troller, Robert S. Jordan of Jersey City./
and Le Grande Bouker find out how many '
shares were represented and by whom. It
was found that 591.300 shares were repre
sented out of a total ot 750,000. more than
the recuired "two-thirds. . :.
Flavel McGee and Isaac S. Taylor, rep
resenting the opponents of the proposed
absorption, directed the fight In person
and were aided by Venner, who next
moved that the Inspectors of election re
port specifically the number e-f stockhold
ers represented by proxy and those repre
sented in person; also that a record bo
made of those stockholders represented
by James Stlllman, A. R. Flower, Majes
Bacon and James Jordon._ This motion
was voted down. .
Venner next v/anted a stock vote, but
Corbin said there was no reason for that.
Venner next moved that all proxies held
by Stlllman, Flower. Bacon and Jordan
be rejected as illegal. This was also vot
ed down, and John A..' Garver. ¦ counsel
for the Amalgamated Company, read a
report by a special committee recom
mending the acquisition of the Boston
and Montana and the Butte and Boston
mining companies. Venner moved to re
ject all the proxies of the Bacon-Stillman
faction on the ground that the proxies
had not been properly stamped. This was
voted down. As the decisive Yote was
taken, Venner made a speech declaring
that the -proceedings were "fraudulent."
and the proposed deal "scandalous." He
added: • ' -
"If the court does not enjoin this In
iquitous proceeding, then I say we have
no further use for the court." I ¦
The resolutions to increase the stock
as proposed, and to purchase the Boston
and Montana and Butte and Boston com
panies, was passed by a vote of E95,5S5
shares to 304. Another resolution was
passed to the effect that the carrying out
of the two other resolutions be subject
to the approval of the chancery court.
The' purchase price mentioned In the
resolution is 5^2 shares of Amalgamated
stock for one share of Boston and Mon
tana stock, ami 1 1-3 shares of Butte and
Boston stock.
By the ' terms of the resolutions "adopt
ed, the price of the two properties pur
chased is placed at J50.000.0W. The com
mittee adjourned to meet June 10. \ : * ¦¦>
Gets Control of Valuable
Properties Situated in
Montana.
TWO BIG MINES
ARE ABSORBED
E. H. Arclew of Ohio read the report of
the committee on railroad statistics. The
report was mainly a suggestion that some
plan be adopted to secure uniformity in
reports of statistics, but no plan was sub
mitted by the committee. The subject was
referred to a committee to be appointed
on the same- subject. ' . >
J. C. Wilborn of North Carolina read the
report from the committee on the uniform
Classification tit freight. The report sug
gests that Congress be asked to empower
the Interstate Commerce Commission to
establish a uniform classification of
freight in interstate business. The hope
of the committee Is that such a plan of
uniform freight classification might prove
successful in interstate business, and that
then the States would be willing to put
the same classification in force In State
business, thereby securing a uniform clas
sification in all business and throughout
the whole country.
The committee -on classification of con
struction expenses reported ' that the
present system of accounting seems to
meet general approval, and as no one had
asked or suggested any changes' the com
mittee decided that no change would be
advisable. In connection with the report
there was read a letter from H. D. Buck
ley, controller of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad, in which he wrote: "I do not see
any necessity whatever for changing the
classification of expenses as adopted some
years ago by the officers of the Associa
tion of American Railway Accounting Of
ficers, wliich was accepted and promul
gated by the Interstate Commerce Com
mission, and now in use on the various
railroads, and in my judgment should not
be chanered." •
Wo recognize the vast Importance of the
subject. Wo realize that there la no function
of sovereignty more used and abused than that
ot taxation. The three elements of on ideal
system of taxation are recognized to be equal
ltr, economy and certainty. We also appre
ciate the Inability of the human mind to per
fectly unite these three elements in any one
system of taxation, particularly as- applicable
to railroads. There seems to be, from our ov
portunltles of observation, as many different
systems of railroad taxation as there are tax-
Ing Jurisdictions.
Th« matter is of such supreme importanco
that we would suggest a continuance, of such
a committee as this, to report freely and com
prehensively to the next meeting of the asso
ciation.
This morning at 10 o'clock the ladles of
the party •will be given a ride over the
principal cable systems of the city. To
morrow morning there will be an excur
sion on the bay arid a trip to Mount Tam
alpais. As the capacity of the engines on
the mountain road is limited only 150 can
go on the special train, and there are 200
who wish to go. So it has been decided
that those upon the convention roll shall
each be given a ticket for himself and
for one other, and only those holding
these tickets will be allowed to take the
bay excursion. The extra fifty will be
given tickets that will entitle them to the
trip on one of the regular trains. ;
At the session yesterday afternoon the
committee on railroad taxation reported
and asked for further time so that a full
and comprehensive report may be sub
mitted at the next session of the com
missioners. In making its report the com
mittee has this to say:
The Railroad Commissioners cleared up
most of their business yesterday and to
day probably will see the end of their ses
sion. There were several reports from
committees read and discussed, and these
occupied the time of the entire day.
Want Laws to Secure Uni
formity in Freight
¦ . Schedules.
CLASSIFICATION
AND TAXATION
Topics Discussed by the
Railroad Commis
sioners.
The smoke was caused by a pot of glue,
and there was not the slightest cause for
alarm. Officer Peters rushed down the
aisles and tried to calm the excited wo
men, while Actor Neill stepped to the
footlights and berpred all present to re
main seated. The attaches threw open all
the exits of the theater and -those who
ran out soon returned to enjoy the bal
ance of the performance.
Policeman "Clem" Peters was In the
house when the cry of "fire" was raised.
Rur-hlng down the aisle to the stage, he
Fhouted to the terror-stricken women to
keep their seats.
"There is no fire," he loudly declared,
waving his hand to attract their atten
tion. "Keep auiet and you will be ail
right "
His words had a reassuring effect and
the gallery gods loudly applauded him.
In the balcony the greatest excitement
prevailed. A number of women rushed
pellmell down the stairs, falling over each
other In their mad desire to get out of
the place. In their excitement several of
them lost their purses and other articles
of value.
Some foolish person raised a cry of
"flre," and instantly the entire audience
rose from the seats and a rush was made
for the doors.
"While the large audience, chiefly com
poeed of women, was enjoying the per
formance a wreath of smoke blew
through a doorway leading from the side
of the theater to the California Hotel.
A panic at the California Theater dur
ing the matinee yesterday afternoon was
only averted by the prompt action of Po
llceman Peters and the attaches of the
house.
Audience at the California Is
Calmed by Policeman
Clem Peters.
Smoke From a Gluepot
Causes a Wild Cry
of "Fire."
PANIC AVERTED
IN A THEATER
ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMME IS REN DERED BY
PUPILS OF OUR LADY OF MERCY ACADEMY
THE SAN! FRANCISCO C
SAN JOSE, June 6— The proposition to
bond the City for $217,000 to make somo im
provements was « overwhelmingly defeated
to-day. -A strong opposition developed on
the part of the -taxpayers. Who believed
the 1 Improvements ; could | be made | out | of
the regular tax levy. " But about half the
vote. was cast ,i >v i ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦:,. ; .• •/•-"¦¦>'.: ~ '¦:'•.• ;: ¦¦-.;
l
:n
)f
ie
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
oooooooooooooo . . - ¦¦ . i - : ¦. ¦ . oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo HACF YYP TMTFiM^iT 3 ' TN oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo ¦ ***»«1* - V/l . Ill 1 Lit Jl. Ul~. oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo Tcrvccr t/\ ctrcnv oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo IJCKCjI lu LVCxI oooooooooooooo
00000400000000 ' ¦' . • " i . J OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
. -. "-.-:; Y. M. C. A. v - , . .
fi\ V rYf\P_ oe^KMn>o"o"o"o"o^o''o"oi373o"o"o^o^o" XTltl Fl*71tt««
;**,/*¦«* JJV . OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO fcJUll JL 1 Ull
ricnces the latest fashions ciscans
tik the ffl LINGERIE, jyjj 0
¦". oocooooooooooooooooooooooo 1 w— • «•
lyil^pi*^ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 1/VTll
- . THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS „ ,
most them au.: Hvnt
UvUlllS - TTooJooTTo^oooTo'o'o o o o o o o o IOI*
_, .-..-.r.-s- ... -¦ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
¦>Lft *l» *% v'.r O.OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
fjT TJlK • oooooooooooooooooooooooooo 7J
r .--, '^ oooooooqoooooooooooooooooo ' **.
Sahara isTEHVT 1 Pirate's
Desert • FlJZA 1 > Treasure
ooftooooooooooo TT^k TB"T^^W A oooooooooooooo
o^^^o^^^^o^^^^o^^o .^^. H I B\ B B jk £l '^^# oooooooooo c»o o o
OnlyCow^ A San
boy in GAIT Francisco
America ~ • ~ • htt 1 s
**T*T*'* »v%* oooooooodooooooooooooooooo I *. . • -» -^*** * *¦*
<m "•«*-''¦'' ' OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO /'••'it' '. : # '
'Vviio ¦¦•¦'..-..-'-¦ ....... nirncrT-
V JUNE THE NINTH, NINETEEN 1
Bides a Hura^iNDrbNE enecs
r **» SfM ' ''»»% - OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ' ' • • «^A _'
jTgg£^ III OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 7X1 Q
;»-..- -..-¦¦¦...:%.. : '-' ' ' oooooooooooooooooooooooaoo ¦ • "^ .
*\^ ¦" •' " . .^. 00000000000000*000000000000 T 1 *^
llfelei*™ i oooooooooooooooooqoooooooo I TO 21*
chcetoa f ™ "™S™ SESAl " Hvni
'.*Tyz. ;*?^ i ".¦-. '..-~ oooooooooooooooooooooooooo ' »-* * -?^-,^?'
!¦-.'¦¦¦ *•'.-'.*--'¦'*/'•¦ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO - -*' ¦ •
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO t * **¦ "'- ~s. < . -»--¦- -». ••..-.> . OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooo A TTHP fITITPlf ' oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo '•* ~ ****>.* -..*'* 7 ***** v*'**''*™. i oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo '•->. '¦¦"'; ';";'¦ ; ¦ "«• iiji\p '¦ ¦• ¦'¦''¦ '•. ' - oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO •¦'¦...- 'fcjAllllj* i ¦ '¦ I OOOOOOOOOOOOOOTHE S AN FR ANG I SCO CALL, FRID AY, JUNE 7, 1 901;
10
HELP WANTED- -MALE--— Conj^L.
A— MURRAY^'reaDyTTTT... Phone. Main 584S
- Leading Employmurt and Labor Agents.
."¦;¦.¦'¦¦- —Office opins'at 7:a: m.- j ,
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions^
. FREE FARE. : . : . . . . . . . .... . ... . r. FREE FARE
.'A -carload of laborers for the above divisions
* for section, ballasting. " steel gangs, ship to-
-s night; wages $1 75 to $2 25 day;, office fee, »i.
-* WE SHIP MORNING AND Nit. HT TO
¦ - ' » .¦-"•-. ukiah. • ¦:- *Vvi-'
¦ 73 lcborers ' and teamsters, Ukiah..-..
...;;.... ..- . $2 day. free fare
WE SHIP TO-DAY and PAY YOUR FARE-
25, laborers, no exserience required, for the
sawmills and woods, "$26 and . fd.,, fare paid;,
5 crosscut sawyers, $35 and-fd., free; fare;
edgerman and screw turner, Amadori Co., s 1 .--
and found. " ' ¦ • • '
* :-•.¦¦'¦•- MECHANIGAL HELP: .'
Painter for an . institution; ship's carpenter,
$45 and found. - - - . '
< MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT.
Horseshcsrr country shop. ;-.'. .'..';. .$3 and found
."Horseshoer. and helper, city Job .'......".
..........•.-.....;....... S2 50 and $1 50 and found
15 blacksmiths, shops and ranches...:... — '
" -. ....$3 50 day,*40 toS50. and found
Machine blacksmith ...... ....$3 50 to $4 day
Blacksmith for^sawmill, Amador Co.$45 & fnd
4 blacksmith helpers, city and country.. ......
; r.r..... ............. ...$35 and $40 and found
I -3 more carpenters for sawmill Co.. $60 & found
- 4 rough carpenters, country.;.. ..$2 and found
5 carpenters for a large ranch.. $40 and found
2 carpenters' helpers.......... $32 50 and found
' Cooper's helper.". $2 25 to $2 50 day
RANCHES, DAIRIES, ETC.
.350. men for -. haymaking and harvest fields;
¦ run mowers, headers.-etc ..$1 25 to $2 day
75 farmers for orchards, vineyards and farms;
steady jobs year round.... $26 to $35 and found
45 choremen and choreboys, $15 to $33 & found I
- 5 -milkers, Santa Clara Co.. .$35 and found
¦ Dairyman, -run. separator, see boss here
33 milkers for other dairies. ...... ......~"
Vaquero. '" $30; "sheep herders, $25; 10 men
and strong boys to -thin beets, large ranch,
.$32 50 and fd. ; hostler, near city, $50; stable-
men, $35 and $30. • .- •¦--.,:¦
: MINERS— LAEORERS. I
10 miners and sin % (|M ETA ,!. H;,"" w
10 machine . and . single-band miners. $90. and
$00; 6 rock drillers, $60; 3 milkers. $60; 10 la-
borers, mines, no experience. $34 and f d. ;
laborers, city. $1 75 day; laborers, quarry,
$60; laborer, factory, steady job, $2 day.
¦ MISCELLANEOUS. •-•
Young. man for country store and deliver.
$30; stage driver. $30 and fd. ; 4 boys. • factory. -
JS week; man to work in wine cellar; farmer
and wife, small place, $35 and fd.
HOTELS, LAUNDRIES, BUTCHERS.'
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $13
week; laundry man, country hotel, $30 and fd. ;
-1 lunch cook, .small place. $30.
Cook and wife, country hotel.... $50 and found
17 ranch cooks, $20 *.o $35 and found; 4 camp
cooks,- $33 and $45... ; .'
Kitchen band, counliy hotel.-. . .$30 and found
Foreman baker, good jcb, country. $11 wk & fd
Cake baker, near city.. $40 and found
6 butehers, 3 bakers' helpers, dishwashers,
kitchen hands, 9 waiters.
MURRAY &' READY. ...634-636 Clay St.
A WORKING foreman for a .vineyard. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay. st.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two ''months
completes; more calls for .our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented ; wages Sat-
j urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
* call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. "Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read. and speak English. For
further information apply -to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Good short-order cook for night
work to go to Nevada; wages $40 and found;
- must be sober man; fare advanced. Box
4236, Call. .-'.... /.!;.,'."
WANTED— Reliable man for light Indoor com-
mission business; must be satisfied -with $75
per month to start; must have $150 cash.
Apply at 25 Geary st., room 1. , \ , '
ELDERLY German, willing" and obliging, for
general work about place; understanding care
of horses and small garden : must produce
first-class local refs.; wages $20. Box "H, CalL
GOOD men on Iron and brass scroll and grill
work. San , Francisco Novelty Works, Bay
. and Stockton sts."
WANTED — Grown boy or middle-aged man who
has some knowledge of the retail liquor busi-
ness. Apply C. SHEA, Third and Townsend.
BOYS wanted; 'good wages. Delivery Depart-
ment Western Union Telegraph. Co.,, 300
Montgomery st.
SEAMEN— Ordinary seamen, carpenters, cooks
and green hands. 609 Sansome, near Wash-
• ington st. . , ¦ . . ,
YOUNG active clerk for grocery and bar. -Ad-
dress box 42ic. call office. ¦ , ' ::rz
SNAP on 3-chalr barber shop; good trade;' will
sell cheap. Address box *240. Call office.
SECOND on bread; socd wages; short hours.
612 Kearny st. ¦ -~,
YOUNG man with little experience, assist .at
watchmkg. Call bet. 4 & 6. 602 Montgomery.
$100 — 15c shop in the Mission; four living rooms
•, and yard; cheap rent. -Apply Call office.
WANTED— Two experienced advertising so-
licitors: will pay good salary. . Call room 3.
508 California St.. city. '. . .
McDONALD & PERRY have 50O pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
I army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c. up. 923 Howard.
PENSION AGENT EDWABD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Gep-.' H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A R.. room 40, Phelan bids., 806 Market.
WE can. give steady employment to ' 100 flrst-
class book 'canvassers. WESTERN' BOOK
COMPANY. Fresno. Cal. .
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 5c
to 50c. S62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. j
ALL are notified- to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going - out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave. ,
WANTED— Man to work on fruit ranch, and
. his wife to cook: German preferred. Address
box 77. Gllroy, Cal. . - _
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. , Barber School.. 741A Howard st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO... 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst, bldg.. Third and Market.- room 316.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call , advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . •
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for ' sale; . also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hcrse' Market.
127 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — A thoroughbred colt. 4 years old;
also a pacer 5 years old ; both broke, double
and* single: very gentle. : 4127 Eighteenth st.
THOROUGHBRED Shetland ponies for sale
- cheap. JOHN F. ENGLISH & CO.. Clay and
Davis, or. 925 Sutter st. *
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence lta
Id cession June 10. Catalogue by applying to
-' M. L. Pancoast. Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
12-PASSENGER ¦ country 'wagonette and rub-
: ber tired phaeton. O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden
Gate ave.- : ;¦ - -.\ \- ¦ ¦t- -.:.. ¦. •".
HORSE. $12 50; horse. $35; buggy, $12 50; butcher
cart. $15: saddle, $7 50. 21 City Hall ave.,- ¦
40 HEAD work and drivinr horses. 721 How-
. «rd st. .. •
ALL kinds of camplne wagons, bngftiev < «ur-
i reys and carts. . 1634 Mission , st. . -. -. ...
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.'
; etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. ZU7 Mission stT\
AN. A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon. -for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
>V a .Vl-'v"*- .V HORSES WANTED. ~ ~
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job' four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
• st.. room 25. '-•.-•»-.--. .- . ' \ • .
HOUSES )¦ TO r, LET.'.
A— PRINTED list i houses to let : ! send - for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 6 large rooms: yard; basement- mod-
em Impts. Apply 1222 Steiner st..«cor.: Eddy.
. HOUSES TO j- LET— PURXISHED.T
FOR -rent, furnished for 2 months^5£ei5t~$25^~6
rooms and bathroom ; modern ; piano • beaut i-
. ful view. Box 4234. Call.;.:". ..'
: * LOSTJAKD y KOtTNI». • "
LOST-Thursday, noon; between Third 'st' and
Powell on Market, or near Golden West Hotel
chain - and - charm, - charm $10 . with initials
? C. -r E. and small . diamond. Return to sn
,Wood. 718 Market: and receive reward.
LOST-A passbook '. with ' the ¦ Hibernia Savings
and • Loan Society i of '¦ San ¦ Francisco in ' th^
, name of MARY J.-, RYAN., No. 1S2-?090." Tne
>. finder will please return to bank. • ¦
LOST-A • purse ' and envelope containing ¦ na«js '
" S t r°', P t\ ClflC Statee
• ~?,,^ »«^S otl V|r, papers. ; Finder. will please
i return to 3 San Carlos ave.. and be rewarded.
dI ? I ?2 IMi ' rln f / J? lued as keepsake, in
.:, vicinity, of ; Pine ! and - Franklin , sts. ¦ Finder
.will receive ¦ a • liberal . reward '< by returning'
¦ same ' to . 782 ;¦ Stevenson ; Bt; -¦ ; ;,• -. . . - *
LOST— Upper set teeth.'; Return to'72S r McAllls-'
<ter St.; reward.- • 3 . ' ¦ ¦• _ .- --r ¦ -~ ,^> .- ..,<
.LOST AXD .FOUXU — Con tinned.
LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
¦ and Lotln Society - of : San Francisco, in the
. mme of ESTHER POWERS. No. 2ij-Gi3.
j The finder will please return to bank.
THE party • who found a greyhound (brown
and white).- please return dog to 1133 Stock-
ton St., as. they are known, and the owner
' will pay expenses.
LOST— From 2430 Jackson st.^ two months' old
- black and white pointer ' pup. Three dollars
reward for return.
LOST— Lady who received $5 by mistake on
Mission and Kearny st. car please communi-
. cate with 1129 Mission st. . . ¦
LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN BIXBY, No. 77-764. The find-
er will please return to bank.
"LOST — English foxhound bitch, black, yellow
and white. Liberal reward for the return to
2525 Stelner st. ; ' .
YESTERDAY, on Montgomery and Second—
: Collector's cash book. Return 527 Second r
liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ZITA B. WHITTEMORE. No. 230-
932. The finder will please return to bank.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
• mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. /
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolt*
. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATTRESSES ASP PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized: uphoU
*tery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 313-320 Eleventh sL;
telephone South 792.
~~ I ~ MEDICAL. ~~ ™
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior t» all others; the only treatment that
' helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
' Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months'
'suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1125 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed'to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; - th«
j longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay, consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
• Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND 1£RS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years* practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cars
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
rellable>£5 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
' avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free:
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all- female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult Ire*
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason!
MRS. DR. WYisTH. reliable' specialist; 2« yrsT
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and dnrins
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyda and Larkln.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
j MIXES AM> MIXING.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co. 32S Post st.
WELL developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
changed for property or business. 303*4 Tnrlt.
MIXING A!fD ASSAYING.
MINING men and others are invited to exam-
ine the Dean-Oviatt ore roaster and desul-
phurizer; saves all products; shares for sate.
3n Phelan building. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-haml machineryT"Mc^
INTOSII & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 'complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St., above .Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— 4-SIDED, 3-sided, 2-sided, 1-sided sticker;
all in good order; cheap. H. S. WHITE.
516 Mission st.
•A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
; ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A— $3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1.75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine. ¦
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE, 516 Mission st. .
ENGINES r.nd boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
MANUFACTURING plant. 3 months In use;
must be sold at once. 202O Market st. -
FOR sale— 1 striped tent; 5 ft. wall; 14x13; bar-
gain. • 114 Eighth st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale: Jeweler's steH
lined safe, . perfect . order. -216 California st.
$48 10x13 UNIVERSAL outfit, new. $32 50. 109
. Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines.- 2d-hand. and other ma>
j chlnery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines.' new & 2d-hand;
all sizes;- guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxoma.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enjrlnea and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. ,25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
. ' MISCELLANEOUS WAHTS- •
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
• .theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. -H. U' WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
MOXEi fO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peoplaTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc : do
not borrow of your friends or you will loaa
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will b« better satisfied; no delay; aa
. publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market St.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
.¦ IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see XL MURPHT.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc. . ¦ .. .. .
ANY proposition, any amount; S p»r cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSE*.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
. bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 54 Montgomery, r. X
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtrin
' liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at 1«»-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Mark at
• St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates. on furniture, etc.. by private .
party ; no removal : no commission; conflden-
.tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones^/
ON 'furniture, pianos; - no removal; money
. quick; . lowest Interest: ea3y terms; no broker-
• age; reliable party.? 1170 Market St.. room it.
MOST reliable ' place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. WV J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furn iv: re: $5 a month on each
.'$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried peoDle without secur-
Ity. HILL.T. 44. Merchants' Ex.; 431 Callfnla.
(LOANS money oft salary; no lndor»?r; Kastern
plan.-. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bids. '
DEAL direct;', furniture. . pianos; no removal;
7 low rate; strictly private. Uck. 118 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: SIS up: no removal:
i --; no commission: private. Room 81. < Eddy st.
ON salaries or watr«*s: no Indorser required. 3.
¦ F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO, loan on real estate *cr for building:
low rate. > 212 Sansome st.. room 2. .
THE Tonsley Company;' loans and discounts.
821 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried p<-onle on note without
_Mrjor^»r 1^_MO'RRTrt.L. > <«>!» Kr»TnlTn»r building.
7 MONEY WASTED. .
IF you have money to loan upon safe securi-
•. ties at 6 per cent call and see us. West Cow* *
tovmmfint , PUelaa bulld^fc t
'I. 1 *l^I^ $yj^?^Y*}~?- T: xl ?' k '• r: ~~ r "?--! .•'
AT C. . R. : HANSEN'a CO. ' S .V JvTi^Geary "st? ,
.. HOTELDKPARTMRNT.. ' ../
I 2 waitresses,. same resort, seefearty here..$20
I 20 waitresses, ; country and city hotels.. $20-$25
\ Chambermaid, city .::::....::. .r....... ..""."..... $20
Cook & wife as waitress,- north, fare pa!d..*55.
Cook and wife as waitress, ¦• fare paid... ..'.$55
Cook, summer resort, Nevada. ......:..... .^.$30
; v Cook, ," institution,'- country ;....-. '....'..':... $40
Cook, no ; Sunday work. .~. .'. .','. ....... . .$10 week
Cook for help in bakery-- -...." -. ...:.$25
. . Mangle : girl .... . ......... . . . .'. :..... . .; . $6 week
. • FAMILY . DEPARTMENT. : 7
"Any girl or . woman wanting work ' in ' private .
family, wages from $10 to $30, can get it by
calling "on us;, we have places coming-in
daily, for experienced hell) and others . to
learn; come, and try. . ¦ .' '
' C. - R. HANSEN & CO. . .'. ..'. . : .104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY...... .V.;;..;. Phone Main 157*
.HOTEL. DEPARTMENT. . ..
¦- 6 . waitresses, . flrst-class resort, | $20, , free ! fare
both ways; 18 waitresses, city and country ho-
'*¦ tels,' $20. $22 50 and $25; - 5 chambermaids to
' wait, 11 , ctty and country, $20 and $25; chamber-
maid to wait, country, $25, fare' paid ;- woman
dishwasher, city, $25. t ' %
\ , FAMILY DEPARTMENT. . '
j, Woman, cook, J35, email family; . Swedish
cook, . $30; second • girl and seamstress, < same
place, $25.' see lady here; many other choice
places. MRS. M. E. N P AY. 335 Geary. ,'. ,
A-HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
; Waitresses for springs and resorts, $20.
IF you have done hand sewing in a tailor shop
you will find ;. good paving work at Levi
Strauss & Co.'s Overall Factory, 32& Fremont
st. Apply to Mr. Davis until further notice.
GIRL to learn vest making and go couple er-
¦ rands ; $3 to start. 766 Geary st. , ¦ . . ' : ;
GIRLS BJid boys wanted. Apply American Can
Company, corner Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Good ' cook; - no washing." - 2030 Sev-
- enteenth~st. . • ¦ • . ¦ . .' ; .
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 1191
Market st. - . - ¦• ; . ¦
EXPERIENCED; waitress -wanted; good pay.
¦ People's Restaurant (independent),- 631 Clay.
WANTED— A reliable girl; cooking and dining
' room work; $25. 2024 Pine st. - . . •
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; •-.- paid while
learning. -710, Polk st.. bet. Eddy, and Ellis.
¦, WANTED— Girl for general housework; no
washing; good wages. 306 E. loth st. E. Oak.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.;
. entire course $5; positions guaranteed: -big sal-
ary at start. Hairdrtsslng College, 574 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN girl' for plain cooking and
1 housework; $25. Apply MRS. HANSEN, 410
I Maple, opposite Children's Hospital.
A — GIRL for general housework; wages $15." Ap-
ply 3005 Sixteenth, near Mission.
GENERAL housework; .plain cooking; family
two; wages II.",. . 1826A Sutter St.. . r}'~,-
RESPECTABLE young- girl to assist In house-
work; reference. 2026 Bush St., bet. 9£"12 a. m.
GIRL or young woman; housework; plain cook-
ing; call in forenoon. 1824 Myrtle St., Oakland.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, &.'}£ Fremont st. Apply to
'MR. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS
,CO.. S41 Market at. , ,
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
SEWERS on ladles' underwear, waists, etc.,
to take work home. H. J'RIEDLANDER,
338 Fell st.
WANTED— Woman • accustomed to handling
country trade; must have. fair education and
business training. Address box 4214. Call.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles- im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. : '¦ y.
LADIES seriously wishing to marry send ad-
dress and description to Mra. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at; Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been - established ¦' at 1C96
Valencia st. ¦ ' - • '.-, ¦¦•
HELP WASTED— MALE.
AT cTR^yiX^SK^^r^S^TAO^Ge&ry^Bt.
.:. ..For New Railroad Work
50 teamsters; ship to-night; free fare; Truckee
50 laborers; ship to-night; free fare; Truckee
ICO tunnelmen, drillers and muckers^ $2, $2 50
For Chatsworth Park; ship to-night; free fare
DO laborers; ballasting track Coast Road |
50 laborers
.....Santa Barbara andL. A. divisions
Ship to-night..- Free fare...... Ship to-night
50 teamsters; ship dally;- free fare; Ukiah..$3
50 laborers; ship daily; free fare; Ukiah.... $2
20 'laborers for a large company, ' country,'
$2 25 a day; 4 asphalt miners. $2; 6 laborers
. for mine, $2; 6 farmers. $26, $30: 3 teamsters
for an orchard. $30; 4 coopers, slack work; 2
blacksmiths, country,. $2 50 -a day; -gang
edgerman, $30; gardener, good greenhouse
. man,', country. $35 and found; engineer for a
dredger. - $2 50 a. day; foreman for a ranch,
$35; 2 choremen, $20-and $25
.........:. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .'..........
• Second cooks, f ry^ cooks and broilers, $65, $50
' and $30; third cook and. broiler, country ho-
tel, $50; third cook and fryer, ¦ Lake Tahoe,
$50 and fare paid ; second cook ' and baker,
resort; $50; cook and- dishwasher." country
hotel, $40 and $20; cook,' country hotel, $40 f
second cook, hotel, north, $35. fare advanced;
waiters, city and country, $35. $30. $23: dish-
washers and kitchen hands. $25 and $30
..Marker and distributor, country, $15 a week;
polisher, country, - $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... ..104 Geary st.
AT the CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGCY,
59 Third St.; phone Bush '405. : ¦ v ,
50 railroad laborers. $1 75 . to $2 25 per day.
Free Fare! Free Fare! ¦ Free Fare! -
10 men for .-nills and woods, free fare/ ..
4 redwood tiemakers, lie, free fare. ..
4. men to -cut wood, pine. 4 ft, $1 23 per cord.
4 ' men to < make posts, $3 per hundred.
8 lumber pliers, $35 to $40 per mo. and board.
6 rough carpenters, $2 60 per day.
10 men for harvest fields, $2 per day.
10 men for haying. $1 23 to $2 per day.
2 men for same ranch, $33 year round.
20 laborers, near city, $2 per day. ;
Camp cook, $35 per month. >^ ' , •"" ? >•-¦.--;
Teamsters, quarrymen. etc. - 53 Third st.' *¦
100 LABORING men to work on railroad, $1 75
day and free fare, office fee $1 ; 10 men to
drive scraper teams, $2 day. free fare; 10
drillers. $2 25 day. free fare: 10-eoncrete work-
ers, $2 50 day: 4 quartz miners. $2 50 day.
., J..F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MAN about place, $30; 2 choremen, $26 and $30;
farmers, small ranches, $23; milkers, butter
and cheese maker. J50 and found; -fare paid
•and others. J.' F. CROSETT &J^O., 628 Sacra-
mento St.; ; : ' ~ .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $45; bellboy, $15; waiters. $23;
- second and , third cook, springs, $40 and $30.
MAN and wife as choreman and cook, : coun-
try. $55; fare one way. • MRS. M. • E. DAY,
335; Geary st,- .. ¦ • . .
WANTED, at Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, - second and " third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. .-¦.-,
Merchants, office men. obtain clerical help at
Clerks* Information Bureau. 1008V4 Mkt, r. 4.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free ' employment. • 927 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. .
WANTED— Steady reliable man,' with :¦ small
. capital, as | partner In | restaurant; ¦ first-class
¦ location; to attend to cash counter and. hire
help; present owner has another business on
hand.' Apply ,Box ; 3321, Call ¦ office. ;.- „ . .
BOY for composing. room; morning . paper; one
. • with ¦ experience . preferred. Apply bet. 2:30
and 4 p.m., 217 Stevenson st., r j--s
SAILORS, • ordinary seamen, carpenters, green
. hands; all parts of r world. , HERMAN'S, • 26
Steuart st. ' ' ... -^
BOY to carry an evening paper route west of
. Larkin and north : of Jackson st. Call 1918
.¦.Larkin.' ., •-.'. , ; •.'"; ¦¦'•".:• ' ¦
A FEW good lady and gentleman solicitors for
• pictures of San Francisco;. a fast seller. Call
508Caflfornla st., room 34.\
A' PAINTER, -carpenter, 'helper, on concrete;
non-union; no office fees. •>• Mechanics' • Regis-
tration : Bureau, - 410 Kearny '.-at;" ..-'. . ,' .^...\
,A— STEADY man with J300 cash can make $100
. month.- • Apply at < 209 Kearny | st."; s room ' 1.',, . :
GOOD ..¦ barber,' Saturday 'and . Sunday; . short
hours ; wages $5; '. 503 ; Washington ". st. ¦ , :
BARBER wanted: steady place. " 131 Third st. /
BARBER wanted • ' for - Bteady .¦ work. .- WM.-
;; FRITZ; > 1128 ; Ji st.', • Sacramento," Cal.' ;
GOOD; cook 'or caterer can secure | fine I opening
! by.callinff., 906 Market ; St.; room; 8.. .. ....
. WANTBD-A '. man ¦ to . set " edges.'?. Wentworth-
>¦'. Switzer;Shoe:Co.,i26,Main.st. •':.;. .„ '-. .....¦,.
WANTED-^A German bartender for extra work
1 . Sundays. 1 640 Stanyan st., ; Golden Gate Park.
CARRIAGE . painter" wanted.' .1414 Pine" st. .'
ERRAND ' boy; In" fire Insurance ; give age : . ref-
: ' erences ; ; own ; L writing. '? B41X 4250, ¦, Call office.
WANTED— Honest boy to distribute * circulars
! Room 8. '1504 Market SI. \ ;
SHOEMAKER * on " repairing ; - bring ; tools.' ' 711
- .Valencia •¦ st. :> -.i,.'. ;-' • ¦-., ;\ ..'^ _ '. .•¦¦ ;¦¦¦ ..»
GOOD ' steady ' man : with - $125 ; can - make good
• Iwages. ;.; Room f 2, j28'. Sixth, st. '." 'V.
WANTED— Live * canvassers. WILEY- B. Ali
, LEN CO^ 933 ; Market ; at. v ' .-. -» .;.=¦. ... ' ; .' S ; . .'
"ALL' sizes ' men's shoes, slightly damaged," half
price. 662 Mission st.,- bet. . 1st and ; 2d sts. »
• EMPLOYlttENT WANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED nurse , and care of one child;
no objection to country • or light housework
-in the city. Apply 1128 Sacramento st.,' near
i Taylor. * -. ; -.- • .
RESPECTABLE Eastern lady wishes position
as housekeeper. Address P. O. box 520, Sac-
ramento.' Cal."
A FRENCH 'coek wishes a situation in a prl-
vate family; has good references. Address 114
Trentcn St.. between Jackson and Pacific.
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison st. ¦-
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day. Apply to MRS.
N. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st. -_\
WOMAN with child wishes position as house- v
keeper or general housework. 332A Twelfth.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave. - -
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 60 per night; tt 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subsf riptlons has . been established at 1096
Valencia et.t •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE,
WANTED— By a "man and wife, places in a
gentleman'B family; wife an excellent plain
cook; man as coachman or groom; thorough-
- ly .familiar with the handling and care of
horses, etc.; English; references. -Box 4238,
Call oiHce. - './
STEADY, reliable middle-aged man wants slt-
uatlon on private place; understands care of
horses, garden, etc.; moderate wages; city
. references. Box" 4343. -Call office.
GOOD reliable man wants to take care of resi-
dence in absence of owner; best of references.
Box 4242. . Call office. . ;
; YOUNG man desires position at anything;
handy with tools; city, county. Box 4247,
Call office. -
A GOOD place to work; -handy with tools or
. horses; good habits. Box 4246, Call office.- -
'A GERMAN;, man and wife wish positions; Just
. arrived from East; man Is good gardener and
understands care of horses, and wife is flrst-
class cook. 1020 Market St.. room 6. f-'i
"WANTED." by competent gardener; thoroughly
understands greenhouses, propagating, and
gardening of all kindi; experience, unlimited.
Box 4213. Call. ' . ...... :. . ,
BARKEEPER, speaking English and- French,
.wculd accept situation to work six or twelve
hours; city references; bonds if required.
Address box 3386, Call office. --¦'¦ -., "
.GOOD, machinist, can run stationary engine,
can fire, wants a position; References given.
Box 4235^0811 office. ¦ ......
A MAN. and wife wish a' position on a ranch;
• the man' a good teamster and farm hand ; wife
,' • a good cook. Address T. D., 1519 Howard st.
•SITUATION wanted by practical horsebreaker
to handle spoiled horses or unbroken horses;
12 years' experience. Box 4210, Call office. .
LAUNDRYMAN-Posltton as marker and dls-
trlbutor; will make himself generally useful:
country town preferred. Box 4205. Call office.
SAWMILL men; a good blacksmith or engi-
neer, also mill wright, -want;? position; refer-
, . ence. Address E. F. V.. Berkeley, Postofflce.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
. mediately.' as I am going out of 'business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. "_
JAPANESE schoolboy desires situation before
• and after school hours near Golden Gate
' Park. SUJIKI. l21iHalght st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
; Valencia st. >
FEATHER RENOVATING. '.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed.
. purified. Owen McCab». S70 Mission, cor, lith.
• . FINANCIAL.
$500 TO loan on good~securfty?~'Address ~CaU
office, box 4245. , • ,
FLATS TO LET.
NINETEENTH. 3984, corner Noo— Lovely low-
-er'4-room modern flat. |15; water free. Key
2978 Nineteenth st.' •
ELEGANT. new flat; 1935 O'Farrell st.. bet.
Pierce- and Scott: 7 rooms and bath; rent
'*35. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ALL are notified to redeem, their articles Im-
mediately, as I ani going out of business.
UNCLE » HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. --*¦¦¦
MODERN upper flat. 6 rooms and bath. 536
Central aVe. ., near Hayes Bt. .
APPLY at 1722 Howard st. for flat of 6 rooms;
".very sunny; 3 front; water free: rent. S17.
PINE, 2617. nr. Dev.— New. sunny bay window
flat. 7 rooms and bath; all late Improvements.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat, 7 rooms, bath.
!1S76 Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
• 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
V FLATS ; TO LET — Furnished.
6 ROOMS and bath: modern: cheap. PAT-
TERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
* FURNITURE! FOR SALE.
.WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
V^ments. -A. B. ¦ SMITH Furniture. Co.; 128
132 Ellis st. ¦<.-. • - - /
FOR • sale cheap-Nlcely furnished- flat of 4
Tooms with privilege of renting flat. - 621
'Franklin st." : .*
4. ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60, with No. ; 7
range, Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
I ; s ' FURSITCRE WANTED. ; :
CAL. • Auction Co. , 1462 • Market— Buys furniture^
,- ¦ merchandise,, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
tellB your bus., ; merchandise, fur., carp«rts,etc.'
IF you want to sell furn.; mdse., etc., see J. A.
.Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE 'disposing of your- furniture : see
. Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard at. v
A. WOLLPERT. 773;MJeslon St., pays highest
.price for, second-hand furniture; tel. . Red 1354.
Auctioneer— Li .Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk694;
;V furniture ; & \ furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
, CH AS. .v LEVY, buys your f urnlture.V carpets,
; pianos.; etc. ,1135 Market at; tel; Jessie 761.
'. HELP £ WASTED^-FEMALB./ '•"••; ''
WANTED— Cook, - small hotel. Santa Cruz, • W5.
j fare -paid;, cook, two In family, ! no • washing,
iSan Mateo,' $30; four cooks,'- city, "$25.. J30; sec- i
,;" ond. cook. -private family," two, J20,- city. refer- !
.„ ences;. -three -country hotel, $25;
"".two waitresses,,' summer." resort, : same place, '
7, $20, i fare , paid ; waitress ; for restaurant. • $S a
• .week ; girl " for chamber work, . short ¦¦ distance
; ..In country, $25; laundress, private family, $30;
• j;flfty .girls- for 'general - housework," city •- and
; counti-y. 'i $20. $25, : $30. Apply \ to J- '; V. ¦ CRU-
; ;SETT & CO. - 316 Sutter. - ;• . 7 j
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted -'.with poor work
gend to SPAULDTNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3i3-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.' :
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
! JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ova tore. £5-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 10GL
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
I 344 McAllister St. : pbone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G." H.
STEVENS, msr.. SS-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. E^ MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
va ting Co.. 240 Kourteenth'st ;' tel.' Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Keating Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone -Kast 126. ,; . • •
V I>E\TISTS.
AT the ELECTllO^DENTAL~CLINIcr8oTllar^
ket St., cor. ¦ 4th.r* nn ' 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have- your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 £0 up;- plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
i KIG11T prizes for best crowns, plates; bridges
j and fillings; extractions or fillings by ray
I wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience ; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W.' LKEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
1 warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 u0; fillings,-
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices.. Office'
- 1141 Polk st., .corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; flllinga, 2ic.
DR. R. L. WALSH,815»i Geary.nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third noor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
I LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction.
I 50c. N. Y. Dentists, ' 9C9 Mission'tet.. cor. 6th.
VAX VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market St., corner Sixth. • " . ;.
SET of teeth . without . plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Pclk st. ¦ ¦...'¦
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmakinsr & Millinery, School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCOKDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attpntlon. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
GATj^VoTn^-ltAlisirrO^
Shorthand, t> ping and bookkeeping:- Robert
K. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; rcportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
'tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,'
S. F. — Bookkeeping., shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ;. day,
& night sessions: new SC-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& ev6. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50: Individual
Instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university., law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '.-.
ACTING, elocution, specialties Mlallett School,
associated with theatrjeal agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,min!ng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
derNalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A ' FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the,
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. ,
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILI^-MILLER College, shorthand ¦ and*
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
¦ Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
PROF. L. MEUKI. successful t,eacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
Munson. School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery- E. M. Carpenter, pr.-"
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
'. .
Eleetrlo-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.,
Drs. K. & K.'s Klectrlc Sanitarium. 8 Mason.'
• . "EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. . 5,
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.: best help: send men at. short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr.rPolk; tel. Larkln 2391."
JAPANESE and Chinese- help , of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.;. tel. Bush 135." '¦¦-',•
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
. nege help. 426 Powell. nr-Butter; tel. Black 5072.-
JAPANESE, central , housecleaning and employ-"
. ment; all kinds help. 1040 Sutter; tel. East 203.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
. flee; all, kinds help. ,U5 Stockton ;¦ Main 51S8.'
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411'A O'Farrell st. telJEast 416.
tiMPLO YMEXT WASTED FEMALE,"
SCANDINAv'lAN second "girl with? very fine
references wishes situation.- See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. . ¦'¦¦., , ..g.
RESPECTABLE French < country girl. Just ar-
I riv«d,' wishes position as nurse or second girl.
Call between 9, and 12 a.-m.. 22 Derby place,
a off Taylor, between' Post 'and Geary. ;-•;.•
.WANTED^-Posltion as, companion to i elderly
. lady,- or" governess; -will: also correct . manu-
script and do copying on ¦ typewriter. Address
.427 Lyon st. .• • / •¦•;;'.««
WANTED— A situation '. by : a lively ;, woman ¦ to
...do housework; moderate wages. Apply 306
Minna st. :.-•¦". ' . • ¦ : .
A- COMPETENT woman from* Philadelphia;
'. can give good. references: Is a good. cook and
: will doEome washing.:- 49. Shipley, st. ? . H'Ji
RESPECTABLE elderly; woman . wishes sltua-
tion.to do housework:for small' family; city
J or country;, references. »» Box 4252,' Call office.'-./
JAPANESE Honest faithful girl wants .position
, In family as, houseworker or r plain- cooking
Box 4249. Call office. ; -' * ••' * "..• • i . r , ;;,\ ..;
WOMAN wants 'work , v by the : day. . Address'
' Mrs. G.. '235 Hickory • a\-e. .•...' ¦ ¦-." -.•; p :N1 -'_\
.WANTED— Situation ."as housekeeper;: city or
; country. '¦ 9S8 ; Howard st.< •-..!?, : ..' •• - . ¦>'
VERY - good, v - clean Spanish' and*- French, cook;
: private family;: no .washing.', Box . 4248,-:< Call.
SCANDINAVIAN: girlS wants : place; t general
, housework; cannot speak English. , u 3478; 22d. r ;
. C»«L« «»«(•» HAKtA V ...... ,:. TM.WM0HI OAVIS TM .
-,. Licaen eoot used • ..* ¦ -" ¦' ¦• • ....... ..::.' ¦- :
O. A. HAGiENB & OQ.K
. importers and; . .:.
commission merchants (
San Francisco* iQal^^SlJ^a^Ij-' ¦ ¦
• •/-: ' ;. ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦.' : . ¦-.;.. . :.' : '-^'~' :':'¦""' :-
Business Manager ST F. "Call. : ' > -
Dear s Sir ". . ' ., : ..>.-,. ', \;- ...',.'/'. -r ,.:/'.',.:.
Please : insert the enclosed ad. in
H The Call, 1 ' under Male Help Wanted> for
three times. -
.We are convinced /that "The Call" is
read by the class of people we desire to
reach. }¦" -'- : ;' ' .- .'..•'-,¦'.-'-¦'¦/' '"',.-.-.
\^ A short- time ago we inserted a small
ad. in "The Call" and in one other morri-
ihg paper., and received fourteen answers
from "The Call" and no , results from the
other paper. Yours. very truly, *
ncsrvress c::a\cf:s— roT»tinn«»vi.
AAA— $300: downtown cigar stand; good value.
J600— Grocery, .branch bakery; good location.
SHOO— Union restaurant; no competition:
nr. 2 factories; good proposition:' investigate.
tZCC — Saloon on Market st. '
{600— Cipar store; best location* night trade.
J.&00— Saloon; merchants' lunch; good.
J40C— Cigars, ncttons: E. Oak.: fine for couple.
$1000— Road house; splendid location.
AAA— 100 c'gar stands; - 200 groceries and
bars: SOO candy and icecream parlors: 500 res-
taurants: hundreds of businesses to choose
from. Cart >n And see what we can offer you.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S58 Market st. ,
A— FOR private pale; some of best saloons In
city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
YOU can buy a' restaurant o'r lunch-room doing
a one meal a day business of $40 a day at
' one-half Its value; low rent. Apply on prem-
ises, 27 Market st.
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box '433. Call office. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2230 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubrcriptions has been established at 1098^'
V»l<>r>r|q Ft. . ' ¦ « ' . -. ¦-
I,ODGI.\G-HOCSKS KOll SALE.
A. CAMERON '& CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.' .-. - '
. Kooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, r;oming- house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and pries. See list of bargains.
61 rooms; corner; rent $140; income $250. .$3000
E6-rooms hotel: rent $300: pays well 3000
SO rooms; 2 ent.: goo-l'fur.. cpts; pt cash. 3CO0
27 rooms; cor.; good location; see it 2300
19 rooms; rent $75; fine fur.: pays well.'. 3500
15 rooms; Geary; apartment house: mtg..,HC0
10 rooms: Bush; rent ?">C: $650 cash - S~>0
S-room flat: modern; i.lce home 430
G rooms; rent 116: gocd fur., carpets 250
IS rooms: cor.: runny: pays well : 900
12 rooms: California Ft.: rent $50: apart-
ments: oak and mahogany furn. : first-class
roomers fs ..SOO
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market, bv Call bid?.
$200... fi roomsl$10C0...20 rocmi<l$3M)0... 50 rooms
SS.S0...30 rooms!S1200...1S rooms!$4000... SO rooms
£5no... 9 roomslS1400...21 rooms | $4."00... 70 rooms
$600. ..12 rooms!*I."00...?5 roomsUiOOO... 60 rooms
S700...36 rooms'$lCC0.. i 20 rooms 'Sr.SOO... fiS roomo
S759...14 roomst$lC.-.0...2*i roomslSGOOn... '-"i rooms
$800. -.12 roomsl$lf ; 00.... r .0 roomsl*6"00... 4Z rooms
$S5O...ll roomsl$2Sno...3'l roomsI$70C0... «5 rooms
$900.. .17 rooms!$3250...60 rocms!$3000...110 rooms
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any roomlr.s-hnnse In
the rlty, »nd pay for It
Jn monthly payments
from the profits I -,
of the house.
Vsrant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SSO Market
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st.
21 rooms: part cash: central ". ...$1200
32 rooms; rent $40; clears J100 1200
42 rooms; cheap rent; clears $100 2000
X» rooms; rent $S0; reduced to , SOO
20 rooms, corner, only _..... 600
FIRHER & CO.. 635 Market !^..opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $SO0; 3."> rooms, price $1400.
?4 rooms, price M000: 12 rooms, price $5"iO.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms*, price 1325.
S rooms, finely furnished, rent $C0. 1500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on Pine St.. price $450.
9 rooms on Minna st.. price ?2".0.
14 rooms on Taylor st.. price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price ?1500.
Eureka Real Estate. 2S Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSE and hotels— Buyers will
find headquarters for bargains, good loca-
tions and guaranteed titles, bv calling
. G. V.'. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., epposite Mason. |
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A food list
of lodglng-hcuses.
29-roomed sailors' > roomlns-hou«e: other busi-
ness cause of sale; cheap. SI Xatoma. cor. 2d.
10 ROOMS; finely furnished house; ?750. 305
Jones Et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly ,
I Call. 16 pacFs, sent to any address ir the ;
United States or Canada one year for $1,
; postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITXEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: -cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'FarrPll. nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car: Fit.. t\; letto-. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium — If you are in trouble
see me: business and love affairs; readings j
daily, 10. to 4; circles Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and
I Sun.. S p. m. SOD Larkin. t. S7-8S. 4th floor.
! SPIRIT messages to-night. Madam Young's
Hall. 619 McAllister St.; several well-known ]
mediums; 10c. ¦ ! ' - ¦ 1
DEVELOPING circle to-night: readings DOc and [
$1; spirit photos taken. Arnold Dlckson, US
Sixth. . . - . -.!
MRS. HUBBARD. 100 Oak St.— Circles Tue<=-
day and Friday, 8 p. ml; Wednesday, 2:30
p. m.. 10c: reading daily, 50c.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 2.V;. Mon. & Fri. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:43: sittings daily. 10
to 4, except Sun. 1839 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 11. 305 Larkln
et. ; tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a, m. to 6 p. m
A— MRS HARLAND, circle S p. m. ; written
questions ans. 10c; readings 50c & $1. 14S 6th.
EDWARD EARLE, .228 Ellis St.— Readings
daily: seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs.
MRS. LESTER, 148 Sixth, rm. 12: cir. every
eve., 10c: except devej. cir., Friday eve., 25c.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 10*7% Mar-
ket St.. room 1. second floor.
KATIE HEUSSMAXX, 13C West Mission St.,
nr. 13th— Circle Fri. eve.. 23c; sittings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seanco.
8 p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush st., nr. Leavenworth.
MRS. KOTTER. cir. to-night; tests all; spirit
~ pictures. J. Kotter. sittings daily. 34 Sixth.
Mrs.'GIlllngfcam, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun.. Wed.,
Fri.. 10c.. 305 Larkin. Wcd..Sat..Oakld. 532 22d.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night: 10c.
CL AIK VO V ANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-'
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads yc\jr life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description ot the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satiEfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them." Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS. « ~
1000 Callers Since May 1st. "
Naaman, . Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advUrr. tells jour name, what you called
for. cures your disease or anything you want
to knew; no charges in advance: satisfaction
guaranteed : develops mediums In 2 months:
teaches palmistry, clalrvoyancy; hours 9 a. m.
to 9 p, m.: readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell. I
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120G Mar-
ket et.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send • stamp -for.- pamphlet
with 'special terms. Dally and " Sunday. ..
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls: 'has the greatest
Egyptian secret: "hows picture of ruture hus-
band or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth.
MME. PORTER. wonderfuT clairvoyant &card
reader, born with double veil— second night-
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies &0c
cents $1; palm.%nd clalr. sit., $150. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
falls; readings. 50c. 1203 Mission st.. cor. Sth.
MME. SANDERS. 127. Mason St.. medium and
palmist;. Reaches mind telegraphy and gives
. advice on air business; hours 12 to 8.*
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists: names . and u«trs; 1, 25c: g. 50«; mail $1;
I£1U4 Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts. • dates; satisfaction by
mall; inc. stamp. 13S2 Mrket.'op.;Odd. Fellows.
MONK! Clairvcyant." test medium; circles
, Sunday. Tuesday. Thursday 8 p. ru., I5e; 133
Taylor rt. . _ .'- s -
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reaper. 11. Cth; German spoken; tel. Howard, 1846
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card" reader: ila-
dle3 25c: gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. - - -
FOR neace ., of mind . see Mesmar. Uhe great
cialr..: life reader; truth only. . 1152 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. .448% Jessie st..bet. Sth and 6th!
MME.. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
. palmistry: truth or no pay; 2Ic. - 114? Mission.
MME." RAVENNA reads lire fluently: business
_advlce: names -itlveo: 25c up. 5 Fourth' st.
V* -¦ CHIROPODISTS.'- -" '
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns warts' "VnlC
hlalng; nalnless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Butter. -
¦s . COLLECTION , OFFICES. _•
G^OR^BAvrKELLYVfi" A^ency^N"o~cnarKe un"-1
; less KOcceBsful. Room '310. 927. Market st.v'vi
LOVELY- sunny cottage, . 5 rooms," $14 • w«.ter
free. 637 Dolores 6t.,- near Twentieth.
SAX FRAS^'SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night la the year. »
•BRANCH OFFICES— IZ2 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
3C0 Hayes street: open until 5:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Laikin street: open until 9:30 p.. m.
1«1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 i>. m.
1C6 Eleventh street; ci>en until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Ftreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
iiEETIAG jvQTICKS."
CALIFORNIA Commendery No. 1. K; ,^fc_
T £ Post st.— Regular assembly THIS CSf"
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock, ffijg
All f raters cordially invited. By order
of the commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
EAtC FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K.
n T M.— Re\-iew THIS (FRIDAY) /MVggfti,
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer 8^3^
Hall, ii Fourth st. iS^Sy
II. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper.
ARAPAHOE Tribe No. 76, Imp. O. R. rfaCgl^tC
M.— Members take notice that the
Kreat chiefs will make annual visit *—VX>*
FRIDAY EVENING, June 7. Visiting chiefs
welcome. H. WALKER, C. of R-
J. PEARSON, Sachem.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledo v St
nian Club THIS EVENING at 8 Qojl
o'clock. NJOSEPH M. CUMMIXG X£&_f
»ill entertain the members during
the evening. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln st.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
MEMBERS Vet! Vol. Firemen's yggjw
.As«n will ass«r.t)le at headquarters *j^*r»*-
FRIDAY. June 7. S a. m.. to at- VS». \uJ
tend funeral of late P. S. FAY. By order
g. BUNKER. Pres.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood of Stationary
Firemen meet even* THURSDAY EVE., at S
o'clock sharp, at IU9 Mission St.. r.ear Sth.
ALL ere notified to redeem their articles lm-
rn.odip'.fly an I am going out of business.
irXCLB HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
Ai;Eyl , s WAKTHD.
WANTED— Every newsboy to sell copies of the
!»test comedy, "The Police Commissioner of
Ozarville" ' : big profits. For copies call at
grocery. NW. cor. Greenwich and Baker sts.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. IELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ralred: pogtal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a.epecialty; private;
no fee without success : collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARE, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Jlar-
kct et-: consultation free: no fees in advance.
KOARDI\R FOR CHILDREN.
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care. 933 Forty-sixth st.. Oakland.- .
1 or s ohildren to beard, week or month; beet
rpf -«vn!iY yard:nr.srhonl:reasonable.l607 Cal.
HCSIXESS CHASCES.
.1700— CORNER grocery and bar with 3 living i
rooms; rent $16; choice location In the Mis- ]
Eicn; a. steady and good paying business. In- \
quire R. G. WILKE, 26?i Kearny st.
A — SU0: COFFEE saloon and -restaurant: rent
*30: best location: clearing $100 per month.
Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26»s Kearny st.
A— $l£iO; MUST be sold in three days; half in-
terest in leading French restaurant of the
city: dr-ath in family cause of sale. See R.
G. V^^LKE. 2Sl£ Kearny Et.
GREAT bargain— Saloon, 9 furnished rooms
and bar; price $550; rent $25; doing a flrst-
class business; water front. R. G. WILKE,
26^4 Kearny st.
A— ZTjOO; COUNTRY saloon, SO miles from S.
F. ; rent $35; place doing business of $S000 per
year; license $100 per year; lease. I'artlcu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1150— FAXC Y • grocery with selected stock !
of wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade; !
close to City Hall; living rooms; good busi- 1
tifss. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%. Kearny sU
A— KCO— DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing: a business of $30 per day;
rent J^: a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C>2 Kearny st.
A— JJOO; BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
r.ished room; rent $12; dally receipts $10; lo-
oation Polk Et. Call R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st.
A RARE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock will Invoice price;
location can't be beat. Call R, G. WILKE,
SC'A Kearny st.
A— $7iO: SALOON: no better located place in
this city; rent 550; place clears easily $150
r*r irnnth; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500: BOARDING and livery stable; West-
?rn Addition; net rent $4S; clearing above $150
per month; Urge patronage: stock of bug-
r«es. horjes and harness flrst-class. Call R.
O. WILKE. S6H Kearny st.
A— CANI>T store in Western Addition $ 350
Delicacy store; good Ftock; no opposition. 500
Ssloon in business district 4500
falcon near beach, $400; Ealoon and lodg-
ing-house soo
Photograph gallery: pays well; Market st. 2000.
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores, in all j>arts of city, from $IM
up- EITEL & CO.. 1C3? Market et.
FOR sale — Stationery More and laundry office. 2
living rooms; laundry pays rent. T. J MAY
C3S Market st.
FOR sale— Vegetable, fruit and poultry store,
Phpire and wagon, S furnished rooms; cheap
rent. T. J. MAY. €3S Market Et.
FOP. sale— Lots in East Bakersfield. $50 to $75,
on monthly payments. T. J. MAY. 63S Mar-
ket st.
A— $600; ROADHOUSE. with 7 aepps. across
bey: rent $15 month: r. rooms: fine place;
receipts ?19 dally. KREDO & CO., 32 Flood
building.
A— $200: BAKERY, with 2 o\-ens; 5 rooms;
also a bakery and notions, with 2 rooms for
tvm. splendid location. KREDO & CO 803
Merket et. .
ARE you ambitious ta get into a legitimate
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal; here is an opportunity; write us inclos-
ing :5 o*nts for our • plan. Excelsior Com-
pany. 7Z7 Market st.
A-$275: CIGAli stand: No. 1 location: rent $15;
receipts M0 day. STRAND & KAISER, 209
Kesmjr et.
A— SELECT butcher business: a choice loca-
tlrn; will sell cheap, es owner has other
business. Box AtZS, jTall office.
HOP— COFFEE and chop house: bargain- sick-'
n<^R cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO
T77H Market st.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and onrs. re«-
tauranU. bakeries, candles, cigars, notions
drug Ftores. etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. /b9 Mkt.
WK have a select list of stocks and bonds to
offer InveFtor*. paying 5 to 15 per cent. West
Coast Investment Co.. Phelan building.
TO let— Country blacksmith" shop, with tools
Inquire at Elmhuret Exchange. Elmhurst
near Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— A grocery store. 817 llont-
goroery ave.: proprietor at store.
BRANCH bakery and variety etore; good place
for man and wife. 691 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; e« 25 y-s •
horee. wagon, cellar, etc. ; rent $50. 1401 Powell!
GOOD outside route for sale on' The Call An-
p!y at 21C Pro5r>ect ave. . -. -.-,- /.. JT \
JSfi— COFFEE and chop house: must sell Box
<251.- Call office. - *
KNOW of jrood cyaniding tailings: want money
to erect, plant. Box 4254, Call office.
P 2 I «M NE . n wanted t0 i° ln an experienced
drillfr in contract to put down oil wells-
Ftnall capital required. Address box 4»09'
Call office. ¦ . ¦ • ' . " *
A-1120; RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 496 Fourth .st./ s.
BAKERY business for sale; eight barrels flour
weekly; daily receipts $15; mostly store trade-
price, $350. Box 3363. Call.
EMALL milk business for eale cheap 919
Thirty-seventh Bt., Oakland.
WILL pay cash for small, paying business or
rooming bouse. Box S366. Call. ¦¦.'
DYEING and cleaning business for Eale cheap.
Apply Z51S Market St. •
OLD. established transfer saloon; living rooms;
Missies; rent $30; lease; owner other lmpor- :
tant busings; sacrifice: $650. Box 3347. Call.
CORNER -grocery and bar, 4 rooms; cheap rent.
Apply Call office. -" •;
WINH ALL'S candy 6tore. factory; bargain.
2008 Mission »L, one door from Sixteenth. .
BEST place Jr. America for roadside resort:
cbean. Owner. 464 Thirty-fourth et., Oakland, jREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank Oakley to Madge Oakley, lot on B linw
of De Long avenue, ?36 S from Frederick street.
S 50 by E 85, quitclaim deed; $10.
Madge Oakley to James H. Budd. same; $3000.
Stephen and Crlstlna Lagomarslno to Pietro
Delplano. lot on N line of Clay street, 60 W
from Stockton, W 19:6% by N 68:9; $3500.
Edward G. Duisenberg to William J. Dingee,
lot on S line of California street 25 W from
Mason, W 62:6 by S 60: $12,000. * ' :
Walter S. and Mathilde Thome to Henry
Kohler, lot on S line of Sutter streat, 97:6 W
from Jones. W 40 by S 110; $:7,500.
S. Klarenmeyer to Louisa R. Pecht (wife of
Richard), lot on N line of CVFarrell street, 137:6
W from Leavemvorth, W 25 by,N 137:6; $10,000. |
Robert S. and Florence Moore to M. H. de
Young, lot on NE line of Spear street, 137:6
NW from Mission, NW 45:10 by NE 137:6;
$30,000.
Charles Wlllers and Elizabeth Thlelbar to
Mury A. Murphy (administratrix of the estate!
of John B. Tangate), lot on NB line of Rausch |
street, 100 SE from Howard, SE 25 by NE 112;
$3€00, " * '
' Solomon and Dora Gets to Carrie J. Tooker
(wife of S. E.), lot on W line of Ninth avenue,
~lb0 N from L street, N 50 by W 120; *1500.
. A. B. and Alice C. Hunt to L. C. Babln, lot
on E lino of Thirteenth avenue, 175 S from K
street, S 25 by E 120; $500.
Hiram A. and Edith A. Barkelew to George
Hiermickel and Amhile Kuchicn, lot 27, block
28, Sunny side; $500.'
Estate of Warreno Mills (minor) . (by Celia
J. Garnsey. guardian) to Florence M. Athearn,
lot on E corner of Twentieth avenue and It
street South. SE 60 by NE 100, block 337, South
Sun Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; »2C0. '
Florence M. Athearn to Olive Verkouteren,
same; $500,
Estate of G. W. Manuel (by Walter G. Man
uel, administrator) to . Z. T. Gllpin, lot on S W
line of Sixteenth avenue, 1"5 SE from Q street.
SE 25 by SW 100. block 332, O-Neil and Haley
Tract; also lot 13, block 310, Pleasant View
Homestead Association (W Twenty-seventh
avenue, 195 N frpm B street. N 70 by W 120);
$1200. • ¦ . . . . '
Z. T. and May B, Gllpin to May Burchard
(wife of L. ' S,). same (two pieces); $1500.
Catherine, Robert S. and Alice J. Brown,
Mary C. Leavenworth, Edith M. Trumbull, Ada
E. Waite and Genevleve Beggs to Peter F.,
Emll K., Joseph and Eugene Ferrari, lot on SW
corner of Siiliman and Princeton streets, S 300
by W 240, block 82. .University Mound Survey;
$2500.
Estate of Charles Rohrbacher (minor) (by
Mary - S. Rohrbacher, guardian) to Lillle Van
der Nalllen (wife of Albert Jr.), all interest
In lot on N Hne of Fulton street. 137:6 W from
Franklin, W 28:9 by jq J20; $3750.
Mary S. Rohrbacher to Llljie M. Van der
Naillen, undivided one-half of same; $10.
Albert Van der, Naillen Jr. to Lillle M. Van
der Naillen. same; gift.
Alexander and Alice M.' Warner to Krr.anuelc
Vatuone, lot on N line of Lombard street,
48:6% E from Octavla. E 27:6 by N 100; $1500.
Theresa M. Brooks to Antonio- Lalolo, lot on
N line of Sacramento, 31:9 W from Steiner, W
29 by N 103; $4500. ¦
John and Helen W, Cook to Frank B. Nor
ton, lot on NE corner of Jackson and Locust
streets, -E 50 by N 127:8%; $7000.. -: - .
Daniel J. Buckley to Pacific Mutual Building
and Loan Association, lot on \V line of Hart
ford street, 83 S from Nineteenth street, S 25
by W 83, quitclaim deed; si, ¦
Pacific Mutual Building and Loan Associa
tion to Thomas J. -Ring, same; $1250.
James P. Smith to Martin ¦ C and Kate T.
McDonnell. ' lot on N line of Twenty-ninth
street, 100 E from Church, E 25 by N 114;
$1500, ...
Abraham C. and Josephine B. Freeman to
Frank R. Williams, lot on E line of Eureka
street. 110 S from Twenty-first, S 50 by E
115:8; S1000. •
Catherine Fahey (wife of John) to Minnie F.
Coffey, Theresa M. Travers, Thomas J...John
P., Lena G. and Robert E. Fahey and Flor
ence F. Mercer (wife of D. J.). undivided one
seventh interest in lot on NW corner of Pa
elflc and Teylor streets. N 120 by W 683; alse
undivided one-seventh | interest in lot on NE
corner of Pacific and Taylor streets, ES 62:6
by N 85; also undivided one-seventh interest
In lot on NE corner of O'Farrell street and
Bagley Place, N*77:6 by.E 39:1194; gift.
Thomas D. and Rose A. Rlordan to George
P. Allan, lot on E line of Jones street, '104:6
S from Bush, S 33 by E 60: $8000.. • :
y. Alameda County, fil .
William H. and Frances MacKinnon to George
Sterling, lot 1. block £097, Alden tract at Temes
cal, Oakland: $500.' .
Phebe J. Hall (widow) to Charles Bolin. lots
12 and 21, and W 15 feet of . lot SO, block C,
Gaskill tract, subject » to . mortgage, Oakland;
gra&t..' • • ¦ ~ ¦ - ¦ . •'* ¦ /
William J. and Virginia R.DJngee to Minnie
A. Brand (wife of G. ».), Jot on NW line of
Lake avenue, 813-02 8W of. Linda avenue, NW
120, W 73-86, SE 127-70, NE 36-9S, and continu
ing 13-02 to beginning, Oakland; $1000. .
Edward P. Taylor to Jehn Lee, lot on E line
of Louise street, 450 N of B, N B0 by E 133, be
ing subdivisions C and D In lot 5, .block 800,
Watts tract, Map 2, Oakland; 11000.
Ada E. and- Joseph Ccville to William H.
MacKinnon,' lot 20. block 2112; lot 22, block 2102.
and lot 1, block 2097, Alden tract at Temescal,
Oakland; $1000. — N " \
John and Mary Gillam to George Sterling,
lot on S line of MarlDC*a avenue, now Fifty
ninth street, 685 W of. Racine street, W 80, 9
165 to a point distant 670 from W line of Ra
cine and distant 165 8 therefrom, E 8. N 165, to
beginning, being lot 8. map of the Brumagim
tract Oakland; $1000, *. .;
Walter F- and Kate Lloyd to W. E- Llndsey.
lots 3 and 4, block B, map of Latham terrace,
Brooklyn" Township; $1000. • • <-
Louisa, and as attorney, , and . H. B. Berry
man, by attorney, to Helen S. Robinson, lot
on W Hne of Walnut street,' 240 N.of Rose.'W
111-60 N 80, E 141-33. S to beginning, being the
S 80 feet of- lot 5, . bl';ck. 21, map of property
Berkeley Villa Association. Berkeley; $1800. ,
William R. Daingernela to Association of the
Lambda Chapter of Chi Phi, . lot on N Hne of
CoJIege Way, 50 W of Leroy avenue,~W-l00 by
N 144.65; lots 17 and 19, tlock 1L", Daley's Scenic
Park tract. Berkeley; $10. _; - •.,' ,-
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Emma
M. Eaxle, lot on N line of .Putnam, street, 163
E of Wheeler avenue, K 25 by N 115; lot 19. In
subdivision B. " Fruitvale ; Terminal ¦ Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $500. .. ¦¦¦¦¦..¦¦; ..¦ ;••_
Same to R. B. and Emma M. Engle, lot on
N line ot Putnam streat, •¦ 105 W of Merrill ave
nue, W 26 by N U5:.lot 18 in subdivision B,
same, Brooklyn Township; $500. .. : .- . ¦«.
Eugenie Schuller to IamiIs Belrose, lot on E
corner of Mountain View avenue and Sunnyslde
street, NE 270 by 613 107.16; lot 5, resubdivlded
"block i 34, . Warner ; Tract," Brooklyn Township;
$250. -• "¦ ' •:¦¦ ¦ :.• • ¦ ¦ v. •' -: :¦-'-,'¦
Walter G. Manuel, administrator of . estate
of O. W. Manuel, to Z.T. . Gllpin, all interest
in lot on W line . of * Broadway, ;iW:8-~S
of Twenty-second, S IW by W 123; lots 18 and
19,* block D, Wilcox plac> Tract; Oakland; $6000.
* Z. ;T." and Mary B- • Gilpln t«» Mm Burehard.
lot; on >W. -line of- Broadway,. : 114:5 . S> of
Twenty-second. S 60 by W 125; lot 18, block D.
same, Oakland: $3000. -'¦¦-. • -
-Hiram and. Sarah Vail to Grant Wallace.' all
Interest In lot on NW corner of Claremont ave-
THE SAN Fit AJSTCISCOJ; CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 7,; 1901^
11
nue, i 201-35 NE from • point if Intersection '. of
subdivision In . Claremont avenue with . East
Telegraph . avenue, theoce NE ; 14.25, NW 56.50,
to a point distant 69 B from East Telegraph •
avenue, thence W 69. S 33, E 65. SE 37. NE1S.'
to beginning, . being portion of block. A, map of
.Vicente « Peralta Tract, Oakland; $10. *•
v Frank W. • Doyle to Catherine*. Rourke, lots
1, 2. 5 and 6. block M; lots 1 and 2. block J;
lot S, block H; lots 5, 6 and 7, block E, John
Doyle Tract, map 2. . Oakland ! Township : grift.
- Edward Allen, executor of the estate of Hen*
ry -E. Allen, to T. M. Tracy, lot 8. block 79,
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley;- $250. ¦- . -
¦* T.'. M. - and Esther Tracy to Catherine S.
Schmidt (wife of J.' C >, all, interest In. same;
$250.. . J - ¦ I
Michael and Elizabeth O'Brien to Mary A.
Deming, lot on E line of Ninth street, 92 E Of
Chester, E 40 by N 82:9 'block E53, Boardman's
Map. Oakland: $1300.
' Katherine A. , Carpenter, to William H. G..
West Jr., lot on S line of Third street," 100 W
of Harrison. W* 50 by S 100, lots 12 and 13,.
block 16, Kellersberger's Map. Oakland; $1000.
: E. G.' Vinzent and F. J. .Woodward (trustees
of Moody A. Scott) to Claus B. Tackle.- lot on
on S line of Geary or Thirty-ninth street. 100
W of Telegraph avenue. W 50. S 122:6. E 50:1,
N 125:5 to beginning, being, lot '4. block 2071,
Map of Evoy; Plat, trustees' deed, Oakland;
$1800. ¦ ' .„- , ¦ . ¦•'. - .'¦ * ¦ :
Grace D. Atkinson to Clara Gardiner, lot on
W corner of East Ninth street and Fourth ave
nue, NW 75 by SW 25, block 5, Clinton, East
Oakland; ?10. '
l A. H. MacDonald to Elizabeth McDonald,
lots 4 and 5. block B. Adeline Tract, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley; ?10. • .
John C. and Mary W. Moody to De Winter,
beginning at NE corner of lot. 20, block 3, of
property of Berkeley View Homestead Associa
tion, thence along E line of block 3. extended
N between I lands of Carlisle and J. C. ' Moody
t and William Whltrey 590 to point of beginning,
thence along said line extended N 100 to N line
lands of J. C. Moody and S line lands of Hop
kins estate, thence. W 145 to E line of Spring
street, thence S 100. E 150 to beginning, portion
of plat 84. Rancho V. and D-- Peralta. Berkeley;
$1500. " - . . " ¦
Henry O. and B. Alice Lamb to Selma Ko
boldt. all Interest in lot on W line of Shuey
avenue. 124 SE of Twenty-seventh street, 8 30
by "W 115. Brooklyn Township: $500.
j Mabel R. Postlethwaite, Florence Rose. Jen
nie Glaze and George C. Seger to Fred Finch-
Orphanage (corporation), 4.09 acres, being lots
3 to.6, as designated In decree in partition In
action of Mary Ann Mulroony. plaintiff, vs.
Jennie Glaze et al., action No. 15.4S4, Brooklyn
Township; $UC0.
Emily Hawkins and Mary Ann Mulroony to
same, same; Quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Town-'
ship; $10. ~ • . - - ¦
Mary R. Masltck (widow), Qulncy A. and
Thaddeus S.- Fitch to J. B. , Wattles, all Interest
in lot on N.line of San Jose avenue. 350 W of
Willow street, W 50 by N 150, being lot 2, block
M, lands adjoining to. Enclnal, Alameda (quit
claim deed); -$10. ". .
J. B. Wattles to Henry A. Arnold, same;
$1000. . \ '• ¦
Grace E. Barpard (single) to Helen A. Wil
liamson, lot 14,' block P, Central Land Com
pany;, lot on W line of Market street. 229.29
S of Thirty-third, S 29 by W 116, being portion
of block Q. same subject to mortgage. Oak
land; $1185. . '
H. el and Nellie G. Babcock to George and
E. J. RJddall. Jots 3, 4 and 5. block B, map
of Humboldt Park. Oakland; $500.
Same to Ellas N. Pelton, lot 9, block A.
same; $10.
James and Martha Potts to Hugo and Fred
ericka Michel, all interest in lot on SE corner |
of San Pablo avenue and Elizabeth street, S
100 by E 125: lots 1 and 2, Potts Tract. Map 2,
Oakland; $1500.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Maud
WV Eberts, lot on SE line of Marlpoea avenue.
243.4S NE of Santa Rosa avenue, NE 45 by SE
160, being the NE 4o feet of lot 7. block. D.
Linda Vista Terrace, Map 2. Oakland; $4000.
Harriet W. Clark to Edith M. Raymond, lot
on SW corner of Bristol and Grant streets. S
125 by W EO. being portion of range 5, Hardy
Tract, Berkeley; J500.
N. A. Jacobsen to Leander M. and Ann* L.
Anderson, all Interest In lot 3. block 73, Tract
B, Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation (quitclaim deed), Berkeley: $500.
Walter and Lizzie Collings to James CollinKs,
all interest in lot 20, on map of Henry & Phil
lips' subdivided Bray Tract, Brooklyn Town- ;
ship; $500. . . :
j McCarthy Company (a corporation) to James !
! and Annie Ryan, lot 3. In subdivision E of
Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $500. .-.
Hannah and Peter C. Lassen to J. P. Nielsen,
all interest in lot on W line of Merrill avenue.
j 157:6 S of Washington streets, S 87:6 by W 130,
I Brooklyn Township; $1000.
Emma J. Whitney (widow) to Addle F. S.
Weeks, ' lot on S line of Alameda avenue. 49
E of Union street. E 50 by S 150, block 5, Bart
lett Tract, Alameda: $4000.
Builders' Contracts.
Balfour-Guthrle Investment Company (corpo
ration) (owners) with George H. Tay Company
(contractors), architect Julius E. Kraftt— Steam
heating and ventilating for a 3-story and base
ment office building on lot on N line of Cali
fornia street, 45 E Of Sansome, E 48:11%. N 70.
•W 'Jli inches, N 54, W 24:6/ 3 54, W 23:3, S 70;
$isco. .¦...'.• - - •¦.-'-.
• gam? owners with W. L. Holman (contrac
tor), architect came — One electric passenger
elevator for same on same; $1360.
George C. and Rose C. Patterson (owners)
with J. V. Campbell (contractor), architect
All work for a 1^4-story frame dwelling house
on lot on W line of 'Ashbury street, 393:6 S of
Frederick. S 25 by W 100; $2050.
John Cullinan (owner) with T.' Sullivan (con
tractor), architect— All work for a 2-story
frame building (2 tenements) on lot on'W line
of Missouri street, 150 S of Eighteenth (So
lano), S 25 by W 100; $3375. .
Alvinza Hayward (owner) with • W. & J.
Sloane & Co. (contractors), architect Henry H.
jloyors— Linoleum flooring for 11-story ftre
proof building on lot on NE corner of Califor
nia and Montgomery streets, N 93 by E 87:6;
$6^48 ' *-" • »-» .*.-•"*
'William R- Chadbourne (owner) with J. B.
MacGregor (contractor), architect A. ! W. Smith
—AH work for an 8-room 2-story attic and base
ment frame building on E line of Fifth avenue.
ICO N of Lake street. N 76. W 115:8%. S at an
angle, N 15 minutes. W 75:1%. E 119:9%: $4760.
M." Rosenthal and William Koenig (owners)
with E. Quagelll (contractor), architect Wil
liam Koenis— All work except . finishing hard
ware, mantels, gas fixtures,-, window shades,
picture rail and tiling for a 3-story frame
building (S flats) on N line of Frederick street,
30:3 E of Clayton. N 103 by E 25; $5218.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS. .
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; paint-
ing done. 319 Third st.. Hartman Paint Co. .
WALL paper, window shades;' rooms papered,
$8 up. Jensen & Bath. 808 Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. SOS Larkln: teL Larkln 186a
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton," 810 Leavenworth;
verbal read'g. $1; printed chart. $2 50; lessons.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALES.
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE i • Y -
Lot south side of Post st; slxty-siK (66) feet
front: situated between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute buildtng. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE", room
11. tenth floor. Mills building.
NEW modern house*. 6 rooms; bath; on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leavenworth st. ; $2300. In-
| stallments $15 monthly; take Hyde-st. car. ¦
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNS. 530 California st. .
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
BUT in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy »anches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for rale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
HOMESTEAD land— Get located on 160 acres.
Call bet. 6:S0 and 8 p. m., 211 Fourth St., r. 5.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for'
free list. C R. WINFIKLD. Petaluma. CaL
SAUSALlTO REAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE or for rent— $3S50: just completed;
8-room residence In the choicest part for
view and eunshine; every convenience: strict-
ly modern and built by day work; $400 caeh;
$30 the first month, payments decreasing
each month If desired; lot 60x120 feet. DR.
CRUMPTON. Sausalito. or Albert Wilfcrd.
3009 Jackpon st.. San FranclRco. from 12 to 5.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$160— ROSS Valley lots. 25*160. near San An-
felmo statioa. Apply 976 Jackson St.. city.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A— PRINTED list of city and country prop-
erty for exchange or sale on easy terms. Call
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1350— MODERN cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
Just finished; lot 53x100; part cash. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park st.. Alameda.
FOR sale— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; bath; lot
50x150. 151S Mozart st. Alameda. Mastick stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3500 — NEW six-room house, half acre of land,
in the finest part of Berkeley, Claremont
district, where the frost never affects tho
most delicate flowers. W. C, MORAN & CO.
$1200— NEW seven-room house, on one of th«
finest streets In town; fine mantle and side-
board, porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs; street work all done; cement walk all
around house; fruit trees and lawn; two
blocks to cars; $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. . W. C. MORAN &; CO. -
I $750— $100 CASH, balance $10 per month; lot 53
I by 130; two blocks to cars; five-room house:
| chicken house and yard. W. C. . MORAN
I & CO. -
$5000— TEN-ROOM house and 1% acres of land;
windmill and tank; carriage house, etc.;
fruit trees and garden. W. C. MORAN &
CO.
$1209— $200 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5-
j room house, barn, tankhouse. well and six
I lots: fine place for raising chickens. W. C.
j MORAX & CO.
' $300- LOTS in the Wheeler Tract W. C.
j MORAN & CO. -
! $150— ACRE lots; only a few left; $10 down.
j balance $5 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
I $2500— S-ROOM house; corner lot. 50 by 100;
sewered and city water; $100 cash, balance
$3) per month, or will trade- for a ranch
of equal value. \V. C. MOHAN & CO.
SEE the new" houses I am building In all
I parts of Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
i Lorln Station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
i SUNNY room; 1 or 2 gentlemen; family board; :
i convenient to trains. Box 2232, Call offlce,
I Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$15 PER month; no cash down required; cozy
cottage, s rooms; high basement; street work
all done; sunny side, near San Pablo ave.;
total only $1000.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1006 Broadway. Oakland.
COZY new Eastlake cottage of S rooms and
high basement; sunny side; just completed;
easy terms can be arranged.
$2200 — House of 7 rooms and bath; lot 40x
129; dose to Telegraph ave.: a big bargain.
GEO. %W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
i OAKLAND FCRMSHED HOUSES.
ELEGANTLY furnished 5-room cottage; piano,
yard full of flowers; cheap to right parties.
1760 Thirteenth ave.. 10 minutes' walk from
East Oakland station. • ' '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS~FOR HOUSEKEEPING^ *
CALIFORNIA. 1527—3 furnished housekeeping
rooms to let; eras, bath and water; sunny.
DEVISADERO. 261— Nicely furnished front
suite, with kitchen and bath. ¦
EDDY. 939— A floor of 4 or 2 furnished rooms;
private residence; no children. . , . - ; •
ELLIS. S25— 3 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping: bath. ras.
FOURTH, 225—1 nice large housekeeping room;
also single rooms. - i '
HYDE. 299— Large " sunny rooms; Trill be fur-
nished complete for housekpg. ; other rooms. :
1 :
HOWARD. 728— Newly furnished housekeeping
rms.; reasonable; also single room, $6 .month.
OAK, 123— For rent— Two housekeeping ro'ims,
with hot and cold water; bath. ' .
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Large bay window,
, $10; large room and kitchen, gas stove, $13.
POLK. 1002—1 and 5 room suites, completely
1 furnished for -housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, 336 — Nice sunny furn. front room and
kitchen for housekeeping In a private family.
VAN NESS, 222— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt. ..¦.¦¦ -.
ROOMS TO LET Fora, and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, £21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city;- polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 23c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 1« Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open al] night. ¦-
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, . as I tun going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. ¦
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BARTLETT. 238 — Furnished rooms, private
family; gentlemen preferred. •
BURInETT. 1*26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rmc, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furbished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 473— Large, bright, sunny room, : well
furnished; cheap for summer ; months. ; »•¦,
ELDER Room-renting Bureau," 22 Kearny st —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished..
ELLIS. 722— New, elegant rooms., suits and sin-
gle; $2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
FIFTH, 39— Nice large • room, suitable for two
gentlemen; $2 50 per week; single .room, Si 50.
ROOMS TO' LET— Fprn. and Unfnrn.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny furnished front room;'
closet; private; with bath; $120 a -week.,. '
FOLSOM, 1123— Nice sunny front room 1 -
vate family. ¦ • . ,¦--'• .- -. .:..¦«
GALT House. 1206 Market— Fur. room*. Mr. &
i Mrs. J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn. ;
Just opened ; strictly first class and up-to-date
In all appointments; Inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to S3 per day.
MISSION, 2512— Sunny front room, suitable for
gentleman; use of bath. . • ' ¦
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
¦offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PLEASANT room; kitchen, gas and coal stove;
central; J8; refs. Particulars 264 Fifth st.
POLK, 603— Sunny suite and 2 other' rooms;
rent reasonable; .running water and gas.
POLK, 1019, near Post— Furnished sunny alcove
rocro: kitchen; gas range. . r
ROSEDALE House, S19-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 2f to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
¦ lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 B0; week. $2' to
18; month, J8'to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦'-
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 242— Nice large sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rooms. . . - ; • .
STOCKTON. 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
TAYLOR, 106— Light bunny, bay-window suite;
reasonable; rooms from $4 to $33 per month;
transient. 50c.
THE Crocker, 915 -Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en sultef beautiful ground*.
TURK, 543— Clean quiet room for gentleman,
$1 per week, with bath; private family.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valer-cla st. '.'.-,
ROOMS AM)'bUARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
EDDY, 8S0, bet. Van Ne?s and Franklin —
Handsomely furn. eunny rooms, with board.
HARRISON, 670— Rlncon Hill; front parlor for
man and wife or two ladles; very reasonable;
with or without board; no housekeeping.
HARRISON, 670— Second fitory; large room for
two ladies, with board, $10 week; use of bath,
piano and drawing-room. . '
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.:
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market-Suites.. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
IDEAL apartments; cozy • suites with bath.
- private dining room; perfect illumination:
elevator service; if In town for the summer
your stay will be one of comfort. , Roanoke,
SOS Bush st. •
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or singrle rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service. ' • , .- *
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite - and single,
with board. .'
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia »t.. Mls-
eion warm belt — Good board; fine rooms;
reasonable rates; cars pass the door.
PINE. 1008 • (The Victor)— New management;
v thorouehly renov. : fiirny suite*, wtth tvnirfl.
itOOMS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED room; rent not to exceed $4
month; near Call building. Box 4214. Call.
srEClAi. NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman!
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1900:
Elsie .Harris, age 6 years; Mary Kevlll, age
S years.
BAD tenants ejected for 34; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mnnttrnmery Ft.;rr.oms 9-19: tel. . K580.'
SEW1XC MACHINES AND SPPPLIB1
SECOND HAND machines, all makes at'aN
most any price you want to pay; all klnda
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth Et.; phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mlfslon. nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought. 30ld,, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even. : nh/we Black 1124. 20iii4th.
STon a « k A\n w a n e ho i; sgs.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movinst Co..
office Pczt and Powell fits.; tel. Main S713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. AV. ZEHFUBS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore »t.: phone Jackpon 2S1.
'-. rUOHOSALS.
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
, clerk at the State Pt'.&un, San Quentin, until
10:30 a. 15)., Saturdav. the 15th day of June,
1*01. and at the office of the clerk at the
Btate Prison at FoUcrnT until 9:30 a. m..
Monday, the l'th day of June, 1901, at which
times and places th«y will be opened In the
... presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil, fur-
nishing power to run the Jute mill at San
Quentin, clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from July j, 1901.
to June 30, 1902. Inclusive, on conditions as
r per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. ; No bid will b^ considered unless made
upon eaid schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
In the classes of articles to be furnished.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon seme well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of th« board,
conditioned that the bidder will enter Into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids for either prison must
be marked separately. All payments made
on contracts will be paid in cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules. , The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bias, as the public Interest may requite, and
to order any quantity over or under the
amount specified. F. W. REYNOLDS, acting
clerk; R. M. FITZGKRALD. president.
BIDS WANTED— Notlc* is hereby given that
cealed proposals trill be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its offlce, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,'
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY, June 8. MM,, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders. ' for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
July L - 1901. and ending December 31. 1901
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It Is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der mrst accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
- banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
. Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
- notice of acceptance as required by, law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. .. r*,
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors ' of the | Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, "320 Sansome et., San Fran-
cisco. Cal, By order of the Board . of Dlrec-
tors.- J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENT— Of flee •'of th» Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines, • Manila.'
P. I., March 1, . 1901— Sealed proposals for
.constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
b* received at this orSce until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1. 1901. and then publicly opened.
Work to b* done Includes about 150.000 cubits
yards riprap. 2LOO0 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 eubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head. 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud. sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. -Dredged
material to .b« used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond ot on*
' hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 par cent
of tlia amount bid. The tight is reserved - to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
- blank forms apply to this offlce. ¦ Bureau of
> Insular Affairs, Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New Tork. Chl-
- cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLB.
Captain. Engineers, ¦ . . •-¦ ,>..-. ¦ ,, 7^
PROPOSALS for coal— Offlce of General Super-
Intendent Army Transport Service, 8an Fran-
cisco. Cal.. May 10. 1901. Sealed proposals in
I triplicate for furnishing and .' delivering . at
Honolulu," H. I.," twenty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal, or 'such portion therco: as
may. be reaulred,- will; be 'received at this
' offlce until 12 m., June 10, 1901,, and then
opened. Information furnished on application.
' Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed, "Proposals for Coal." and addrcRatd
te OSCAR F. LONG, Genera! Superlntenasnt.
. TYPEWRITERS ; AKD - SUPPLIES. -
GREATiiARGXiNS I IN^TTraWRITERS— We
-•ell better . machines for less money than any
i house In the city;' rentals, $8. The Typewriter
¦' Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 268.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have - your work .in Bight. CUTTER
* TOWER CO.. 30» Montgmry: tel. Black 4885.
¦ :..-:' DIVIDEND , NOTICES.
DIVID^N^^ioTlce^Wld^nTTJoTir^sTcentS
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
, company, 327 Market , gt. , . on and after Mon-
day, June 10, 1901; transfer books closed Mon-
day, June 3, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m.
...-.., E.-H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, • Consolidated— A dividend," No. 30, of
seventy-five cents (75c) .per share on the is-
sued capital stock of the company. has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California st.." San Francisco, on
-June 10, 1901; transfer books close June 3,
1901. at noon. .A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MARRIAGE- LICENSES.
The • following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: " . ! ' •
Joseph Reuben, - 28, ¦ 349 Linden avenue, and
Mellle N. Wolfson, 23, 797 Stevenson street. - ;
William W. Warner, 26, Arcata. and Nellie
B. Rlley, 18. Tankton. -South Dakota.
P. Joseph Riordan; 32, Angel Island, and
Jessie M. Partridge, 19, 309 Golden Gate ave.
.Francois Bouret, 23, 1518 Bush- street, and
Marie Pontacq, 18. 3 Burgoyne place. .
John • G. Sharp. 30. 770 Folsom street, and
Minnie Muller. 30, 2132V6 Howard street. -
John S. Leal, 36, Aivarado, -and Jean --Low,
2G, city. ¦ -¦
Max Wllhelmy, 35, Napa, and Augusta Blan-
ken. 33. 1 Merrin street. '
Edward Pearson. - 22, 426A Francisco - street,
and Luclla M. Phelps, 24, 42SA Francisco st
.Slffipmund Blumann, 28, 3812 Army street,
and Hilda A. Johnson, 26, New York City. '
Hanke Jurgens, 28, 1819 Howard street, and 1
Lucy -Boss, 18, 607 Shotwell street.. • •
Alexander H. Rambo, 30. Wardner, Idaho,
and Alice S.. Horuley, 21, Oakdale..
Peter Stuter. 41, Santa Cruz, and Salome
JunKmann. 28, Santa Cruz. , . •
Chock Chung, 42, 737 Washington street, and
Chan Say Que, 23, 615 Jackson street.
' BIfiTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
t - • — , -— ' • Z
• Birth, ! marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted*. They must be handeel
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and. residence of per-
son* authorized to have the same published. . ¦
BOBN. ¦ "- ¦"¦ /¦ : "
AMES— In this city, June 4, 1801, to, the wife
of Edward Ames, a son.
. .¦ MARRIED.
FRANKLIN— CHARMARK— In this city. June
2. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Sgimuel
Franklin and Lily CharmarJc.'
KAUFMAN— SEEUG8OHN— In this city, June
3. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. J.. Nleto. Leo G,
Kaufman and Rose Seeligsohn. '
PAULSEN— SCHMIDT— In this ' city, June 1,
1S01, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Ernst D.
Pauleen and Maria D. Schmidt. ,
PLETHNER— PRAGER— In this city. Tuna 5,
1001, by. the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Louis R.
Flethner and Cell Prager.
WILKIE— FRIERMUTH— In this city. June 5,
1901, by the Rev. William Kirk Giithrie,
Frank A. Wllkle and Eva L. Frlennuth..
._ pIED . ~~~ '
Ahearn, Ann ! ¦ - Janls, Naomi L.
BaRge, Arthur S. Kehres, Mary -
Charland, John B. Kosch, Soloma p.
Cloke, Thomas . Meaney, Adeline ¦"
CuBhing. Catherine ! ' Nevins, Michael • • .
Edwards, Daisv B. , Nolen, Elizabeth A.
Fay. Philip S. O'Donnell. Thos. P.
Fisher, Mary ', Pullen, Ruth C.
Furgerson, Rogar J. Sievert, Ferdinand'
Garrett, Francis G. -Stelnhart, May F. -
Gateley, Delia , Such, Rosina
Gleeson, Michael A. Tibbetts. Isaiah
AHEARN— In this city, June 6, .1901, Ann,
widow of the late P. Ahearn, . and beloved
mother of John F., Joseph W. and Mary E.
Ahearn. a native, of County Clare. . Ireland.
E7"The" funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 65 lioardman street, thence to St.
Rose's Church,- where a r*tjulem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment. Mount J Calvary
Cemetery." . Please omit flower*.
BAGGE— In Santa Cruz, June 4, 1901, Arthur
Salisbury Bagge, second cousin of "Sir Ed-
ward Bagge of Islington Hall, Norfolk, Eng-
land, and cousin of Marchesa dl Martagllari
of Florence, Italy, aged 29 years.
CHARLAND— In this city, at his residence,
1646 Howard street, John B. Charland, a na-
tive of Quebec, Canada, aged 67 years and 11
months. . .. *- .
C7"Notlce of funeral in this evening's Bui-
letln and Saturday ...morning's, papers.--.; ¦
GENTLEMEN'S Sodality t of St.* Ignatius
Church— "The "House Office" will be recited
this (Friday) evening for the repose of the
soul of our> late departed brother, John B.
Charland, as per above notice. By order
- JAMES R. KELLY, Prefect. s
CLOKE— In Berkeley, June 8, 1901, Thomas
Cloke, beloved father of Mrs. M. V. Hlckey,
, a native of County Wexford. Ireland, aged 74
years. (New York papers please copy.)
IC^Notlce of funeral hereafter. .. ¦ "^. '.
CUSHING— In this city, June 6, 1901, at Our
Ladles' Home,- Catherine Cushlng,' a native
of Ireland, aged 70 years.
E?'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
'attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose ,of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,.
ED\VARDS-In this city. June 3, 1S01. Daisy
B., beloved daughter of Charles E. and Mary
C. Edwards, and sister of Nettie, Florence
and Herman Edwards, a native of Myrtle
. Point, Or., aged 20 years 5 months and 10
days. (Coos County, Oregon, papers please
copy.)
ICRemalns at the parlors of the Western
Addition Funeral Directors, 2428 California
street, until Monday, June 10, 1901. Inter-
ment at Marshneld, Or.- •• .
FAY— In thlc city. June 5. 1901. Philip S., be-
loved husband of Mary S. Fay, a native of
New York City, aged 59 years.
CTThe funeral will take place thlB day
(Fridf.y), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 834 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a. solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated . for the repose - of his
soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third cnd.Townsend streets.
FISHER— In tnis city, ' June- 1 5, 1901, Mary,
relict of the late 'Hugh Fisher, and beloved
mother of Laurence P. Fisher and Mrs. L.
A. Donovan, a native of County Meatb. Ire-
land, aged 71 years.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Friday*), at 10 o'clock,* from the funeral par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mls-
. sion street, thence to St. John's Church (Old
St. -Mary's College), ¦ for services. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery. .>
FURGERSON— In this city.. June 6, lML
Roger J., son of Edward and the late Cath-
erine Furgerson, a native of San Francisco,
1 aged 3 years and 10 months.
QARRETT— In this city, Francis G. Oarrett.
beloved husband of Eliza Garrett, brother of
James Garrett, and father of John, Richard
and Thomas Garrett, Mrs. R. M. Bevel and
the late Walter Garrett. a native of London.
England. (Hamilton; Ontario, papers . please
copy.) -
(E3* Notice of funeral hereafter, j
GATELEY— In this city, June 6. 1S01. Delia,
beloved wife of- Thomas Gateley, and loving
mother of Mrs. Frank Nichols and William
and Thomas Gateley and th« late Jennie
Rletow,- a native' of Baltimore, Mass. (Bal-
timore. Mass., papers please copy.)
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
* of her daughter, Mrs. . Frank Nichols, 125
Welsh street, between Bryant and Brannan,
, • thence to St. Rose" it Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLEESON— In this city, June 6, 1901, Michael I
Aloysius, beloved son of Kate and the late '
. Patrick Gleeaon. and brother of Mary Rose,
Jcssph . and Katie Gleeson, a native of San
' | Francisco, aged 13 years and 2 ¦ months. -
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 386 • Fifth street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will
,be celebrated for the repose of his soul, oom-
. iriencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery." ' - - ' ' .
JANIS— In Oakland, June 6. 1901,, at 846 Thirty-
second street. Naomi Lambert, wlf* of F. R.
Janls, and mother of J. E. Janlg, a native tit
Virginia, aged 67 years S months and 4 days,
KEHRES— In Alameda. June ! 5, j 1801. Mary,
beloved wife of Phllllr> Kehres, and ¦ mother
of ,W. H.. John end P. Kehrts, Sister Mary
Gerald, Agnes -Kehres and Mrs. F, Treat of
Oaklnnd. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
; Henry j. Gallagher co. :
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) i
DANIEI* P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ - i - .¦ -Telephone Soutlr 80. •¦• ' . ¦ "
I jambs mcginn, :
Formerly ' with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at ?14 Eddy st.. bti.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 876. ,,.
I v UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
17 and ». Fifth >*t. Tal. South 167.' -
' ITJHEKAL . OIBEOTOBJ ' AH0 EMBALM S&). : ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. & EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. I
. '-.-•¦¦' ..- Telephone South 2«7.-. - = ¦ . ¦¦.,- ";'.' |
[CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
¦ Illll I ISS 90
After June 3, and during the
summer, this train wilt run
rj~ semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
and .Thursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:15 p. m. Thursdays
. " and Sundays. vi .
'' ~ ' No other train compares '
with it for beauty or perfec-
; - tion of service.
V II IU I 11 pp •" ?¦'"¦-'
\j w\ la I m^ 1 * -
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l*i»v« n*«l nre tin* »• »rrl»* »••
MAN rUAN<!l»€0>.
(UsJn Line. Foot of Market Street)
.
tun — From Mat 28. 1301. — AMUH ;
7ittA Benida, Siiisun, Elmlra, V*c*TilIe,
¦ ! Kumaej ami Sicr»iueuto 7iMf
"J :3« a D»tU, Woodland. Knights Landing. •
¦ -¦- ¦»• 1 MarysrJUe. Oro»ill« '. 7l53»
,Tt3«A Atlantic Kxpreaa— Ogden and Kast 13<X3r.
»:0« A M artiitez, Sau Uauiou, Vallejo. Naya,
Ckliitog a sud HauU Rosa.... - «:S3r
8:O(U Kites, Lathrop, Stockton 7i23r
MsiiOjk Nltes, Mondota. Flesno, Hanford. ' - - ¦•
Vlsalia. PorterrUle 4:53»
•<SOa Shmata Rxvrew— Davis, WiUlams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Ked
.. Blufl, PorUsudV., 7:«»r
>•*•« San Jose, LiTermorc, Skoektoii,
lone. Hsersnieuto, PlaetrflUe,
- • MaryaTille. Cbleo. Uwl liluff 4:«3r
fi3Oi Oakdale, Chineso (Tooemite). So- : - V '
norak. Carters •*!»»*
•:OOa Hajwanl. Kiln and VVaj Station*.. IliJJi
tttttfALoa Aocelea Eijireas — Alartlimi. 'I '.
Tcsej, Lathrop. Hiocktou, Merced ¦ - '
Vtwui aiui tao« Aoseles 7«*3a>
•¦S*A Vallrjo, Martinez ami «*» fjlatifim BiSSr
I*>uma The Oferltml Umited— Ogdan. D«j»-
| ¦• • ver, Omaha. Chicago .".... «s.i5r
fl:AOp .Saeiaineiitit Klier Sie*in«jr» t» iOt »*
S:3»r H»/w»rd, Nile* and Vfuj Stations.. 7:33p
4iwur Ueuicia, Wintera. Msersuiauto, '- 't .
WoiMlland, KmIkIiU Lauding, ' •
'* M»r>»Ti:ie, Oio»llln IO:95a
«ia)«r Marti u«s. Hail lUnwu, Vallejo.
N»l>u, (!nli.il(»ii». H»iita1to»a ¦ <>>S3a
J 4i00r Ni!«.», Lhermore, Stockton. L<xll... 12. 23?
4>a«»r Haywird. Mies, San .Imp. Lift rraore t(*:ASA.
4t3op Fort Cos a. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton 1«:85a -
3:OOrThe Owl Umited— Kto.i.o, Tuiarv.
Uak«raQel<l. riaiigim fur Santa Uai-
bars, Los AniCBles...." SiMa
•iOO? Mw.in z. Antioch. Stockton. Her- .
eed.PrMno 1«:25»
»M-r Yosemita l*s*Or \
Us Site New OrlaaDS Expr««»— Mendota, . ¦•- • •
• \ ' - Fraanc-Bakenneid. Lna Aneelea.
D.miog, El Paso. Now Orleans
and £«it 7:5»a
• fsflOp Ua/ward, Nlle»ai)dHau Joa« 7i55» .
! i«:O0r Vaflejn lli»44
•i«ttr Oriental Mall-Og-IcD. Cbaj«DB«. . , -. .
Omaha. Chicsso l*s*3r
¦iOOf Oriental Mali— Ogdon. Denier,
< ' OiDaiiit, Chicago. 4iS9r
7>0«>p Or«K<»> aud California Rxiireat.Hao-
inmentit, Mar)aillle. Ueililii:g,
l-4ii tlHi..1. I'ngnt Hwmri anil Kaat »i-"»5a
liMr San l'ablo. P»rt C'oata. MaitiaeZ " * •"
e ¦ kikI Way BUtlcua 11=."»»*
_18»Q5r TallBlo ¦ 7i5ar
COAST LINE (Harm Oauge).
a (Foot of Mnrket Streot.)
S t?t4i»A Baatn Cruz Excursion to riant* Crux
and Principal Way Stations J«««3»>
SilBANevTiirk.CViit«r»iile,,S»ii.log»,reltoi), .- '
BoiiMerCwek.HaiitaCnuand Way
' BUUona S»»»»
t«tlSr Newark. OeiiUr»ill». San Joae, New
Aliiixtlau, Fvlton. Itoulder Creek, '
Banta, Cm ami rrlocipal Way
Stations V MS'?!!*
4<ISr Newark. fUu Jose. Los Gates { jiolsot
T. CREEK ROUTE FERRY. - :
frtra III fHtaClSW— r».t »l Hark*! auitMSlit S)— -
t7:lS . 9:00 U.OOa.M. j 1:03 3:03 6:lSr.M.
fr«m«»IUllB— mialBruiwiT.— 1«:00 fftOO . I3.-C*
10:0Oi.M. 12:00 »:C0 t:03r.M. '-
COAST LJNB (nroart «aage).
f rhlrJ and Townseiui Sts.) ¦
liiii Ban Jose and Way Ntationa, Si.iOr
47:«O» Ran JnaeiuiU Way BUtioiia itXOr
J~:4I»a Sunday Kxcuraion for San Jcfe.
-Hat.t» Cms. PieiSo Groro and
Principal Way Sutions JSiSOa*
•iOOaS»ii Jose. Tres Flues; HanU Crux,
hacllie Unite, .-alinis. San LrdJ
Obiapo ami Principal intermedUU
¦ Htntiimd. ,4tl*»
1 0 s :to a 8a n Jc se ai id W »y Stations. ? >3«r
/I«i3«a Neil Almatlen.. / SiSOr
1 1 iUOa Nan Jois nmt Way Stations itHOw
t»:4Sp Sail Mateo, itedwoori. Menlo Park.
• Palo Alto, ttauta Clara, Hau Joae. " "
Tres Pinoe. Mauta Onn, Saiiuaa. » * • J -
Montenj »wl PaciRe Orote. fl»i45A
. 1iS»p San Joae and Way Stations 6::tt»A
tlslSp San Jose and Principal Way Stations ' »>4»a
¦ 4»:OOp3an Joao, Lcs Oatoa and Priucipal
Way .Stations T 9s«O»
StSOp »ai> Joae ami Principal Way Stations »:S3»
Oioop Redwood, San Jos*. Gllroy. Salinas,
i Santa Barbara, Los Angrles 10:05a
•:O«p Del Monte, Montsrer. Paaflc GroTs, " _
Loa> poo. ......••.....••...••••••.. "lw»w*A
e:RapSa.ti Joaeaua Way Stations......... t»'«"A
«ll»4Sp Sail Joan and Way SUtiona.. ... ' 7i»»y
A for M onilaf. P for Afternoon.
tHuuday exceptaiL 1 Sunday only.
I « Saturday only, -'¦'¦•¦ /Taeedajs and Fridays.
GALIFOREIi S0RTH1ESTEE5 RY. CO.
LESSEE ; u
SAN FRANCISCO AHD KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco "to San Rafael. ¦¦ ¦
WKEK DAT&— 7:S0. »:0O. U:00 «.m.; 13:35.
. 8:30. 5:10, 6:33 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. - < . • " ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:00. . 3:30. U:C0 a. m. ; 1:JO, *:»,
5:», 1:20 p. m. ¦
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK PATS-CIS. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
S:<0. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:*i
and «:35 p. m.
6UNDATS-8:19. »:40. UUO'a. m.; V.iO, 1:40,
t:06. 6:ii p. m. ¦ :
£ - Leave I la Effect I • ArrlYS . .
Ban Francisco. | April 23. 1901.1 San FVanclsco.
Week j Sun- |~" | Sun- \ We«k
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. ¦ J Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:JQ pm 9:30 am Petaluma. S:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm €30 pm
- I . • Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. - ¦ . ¦ 10:35 am
" - 5:00 pm Healdsburx. 10:40 am
Lytton. -.
' ¦¦' .-. •; Cv ¦: G«ys*rvlll«. . •';•-•'
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland |10:40amllO:2» am ,
. 3:30 pm| 8:00 ami- and -Uklah. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami .* S 10:40 am 10:25 am
| S :00 am : Gueraevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm ... ... . (:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am . Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and-, 1
5:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm J:M pm
7:3» am! 8:00 aanl ~~^ " 110:40 am 110:25 am
\ XM pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastoppl. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spinrgs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Bkaegs Springs: at Cloverdale
for - the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
SpriBCS. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carte-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga-
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
.Springs. Upper Lake.' Pomo. Potter Valley,
John. Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bueknells.
Fanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City," Fort Bragg. West-
port, . Usal. Will its. Laytonville. - Cummins.
Bell's -Springs, Harris., Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •.,-..
On Sunday round . trip > tickets to all point*
- beyond Ban Rafael at half . rates. * . .
Ticket Office, 630 Market street, Chronlcle-
* '" . Building, ry-- ;-.
JL C. WHITINO. ' R. X. RTAN.
• . Qea. Manager. ... Oen. Pass. Ast.-
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Tla SaoMUw Ferrj— foot of Markot 3t
¦^gt£J...:.wEKK days.:... *^;;j-
¦iMA.U.y-: ¦'¦ f 12:15 p.m.
: »*0a. m. 1:15 p.m.
USOA.U.f SUNDAYS.. 4i0p.M.,
* 130 »i U . . - • , 5«) P. M.
246P.M.J ' -'-¦•?¦: t'7dO»:M.v
, • . Pare. Saa 7r»aol«oa \» B«B«t »*I l««rn. |1.M . •
' Ticket Offices, 6a Market St., & SansaH to Ferry. v
31CSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL standard makes can be had at our estab-
lishment. New and slightly used bargains
are:
1 Heine, original price $675, now $2S5
1 Hallet & Davis, original price $S50. now. 325
1 Steinway. original price $375, now 185
7 Cr-iekerlng*, $115 to 263
5 Schaffers. from 145
1 Sohmer. price $400. now 185
And EO other uprights, more used, from $35
to $150: rente $2 up, allowed on purchase: we
handle all makes: agents for famous Hallet-
Davls. Heine, etc. Note. — Should you desire
• to exchange the piano purchased for a Hallet-
Davis or any other make at any time within
three years you will be allowed the full pur-
chase price; live salesmen wanted; big salary
rijrht man. HEINE PIANO CO.. 517 Geary.
ALL pianos iivrchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
*r CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or lwby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
, l«rlce allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; tome good pianos Fold for S3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter
etB.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
et.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market Bt. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post et.. opposite Cnion square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
«' our oM stork at BTeatly reduced price*.
JAS. KEEFFE, 214 Poet 6t.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano fold by us t&ken back any time
within 3 years and fuil purchase price al-
lowed on a. new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 2»c a. day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrell st.; established 1S50.
fF you have $50 to pay for a piano, or If you
can tpare 175 or $S5 or even $100, come and
ee* us and we will help you spend It wisely
and well: we have many bargains for- you
to-day. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
S69 Market gt.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emei-
fon. 1 HaJlet & Davi*. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling $75. $1IS. J145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chiekering, Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of ftelf-players.
BARGAINS — Clearance sale bargains; upright
trtancs. $75 and upward: Steinway. Knabe.
fcmerson. Hartman and others; equares, $10
up. BRUEXX. SOS Post ft.
DOICT buy rlaxios at Wilson's Storage. 1705
Market Ft., because it's unfair to sell pianos
eo cheap; they are elauprhtertnK prices.
BOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lester,
Hamilton and Spielmann pianos. ByronMauzy,
80S Post. .
WANTED — T«»n square pianos for country
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Poet st.
FINE large upright piano: also folding-bed;
rreat sacrifice. 324 Golden Gate ave.
AX uprirht piano : must b* sold: owner leav-
ing. HORSUNG, 216 McAllister st.
CLOSING cut stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-halt W. C. HAMILTON*. 8 Flood bldg.
LVDWIG pinnos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. Reneral agents, 933 Market st.
(3 per month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
G**ry St., room 3S.
A FIXE uprirht piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister rt.
A SMALL Chiekering upright. $125; S uprights,
second-handed, your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
can pet storage pianos almost for a 60ng.
BARGAIN— Mu?t be sold; nice upright piano.
STHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
EUPKRIOR violins., zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A PART of Bth floor in S. C. S. building-, 25-27
Market st.: less than half usual rental. Ap- j
ply at once on premises. j
CHEAP rent: store with counter, shelves, 3 I
rooms, yard: wat«T free; $10. 1920 Howard. !
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Sunny o r fices. $15 to $20; usual services.
~~ OIL.
BEST oil land In the State; enormous pro- !
Queers around us; a fortune in our stocks: we i
know it. will prove it, by giving you negotia- j
ble bond: bears 3 per cent interest: guarantees J
your stock against any loss; you can't lose; I
irilt edge references: call, write, investigate. |
Paxton Gold Bond Oil Co.. SIS Kearny st. |
TALIPTOGA Oil and Development Company; j
operating nn 2120 acres of oil land Ik nine !
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In- j
vestment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings. !
OIL tanks second-hand. In rood order; «£ll i
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission Bt. |
OIL L.AJVDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
beet localities. If you are looking for lands '¦
or wish to invest !n stock* of the leading oil !
oomnanies call on us before going elsewhere, j
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building. |
PALMISTRY.
MMiEr^GEiRM^IN^r^e^uSnVss^pelmlst~of
the Pacific Coast. SOS Market st. ; 1 to & p. m.
IT. JEROME KOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor Et-. bet. Geary and Port: teL Black 5*1.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in class and private. 617 Jones.
MRS. WM. McMAXUS. scientific palmist. 1149
Merket. 10 to 6: residence 731 Guerrero st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C cTb'libNXELL— Office and residence!
1021 Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WOXG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
t«^timonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PERSONALS.
WHY THROW TOUR LIFE AWAY ? ? ?
Going without sleep and turning yourself into
a. nervous, irritable wreck; all nervous and i
mental diseases cured; tleep assured: hallu-
cinations dispelled. DR. VAX LAXDEGHEM.
S6S Geary et. ; tel. Brown 80; hours, 10 to 4.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary et.. and you
will not be dieappotnted ; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts cf the world: call or send for circular.
MME. RUGG. formerly of Kayes Valley, has
reopened and would be pleased to meet her
old patrons; hairdressing, 25c; scalp and fa-
cial treatment; bairdressing taught. 1102 Mar-
ket «., between Seventh and Eighth.
IF* you are not equipped for camping give us a
call: everything to wear, to use or amuse;
rummer underwear lor men, 25c up; ladies, I
10c up. Everything at the right price at '
SMITHS' CASH STORE. 25 and 27 Market. '
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured, at
hcroe: IS; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1E2S Polk st.. Ban Francisco.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one eide of face, other side made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist In charge. Call
N. Y. Inst. Dermatology. US Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
ELECTRIC light In every room— "Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
CSc to SI 10 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Fcetcn. $19 «d; fine dress cults. $20 up; ele-
¦cast overcoats. $15 op. LEON LEMOS. U1T
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth. t
BEEN reduced In elze: have « remedy; will see
only ladles; evenings; come. Room 202, 119
Third Et. ¦__. "
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. iao-1212 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
TO my friends— Do not forget tbe stag dinner
Saturday nlgr.t. GCSTAVE.
Ladies* and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
eold. J. EHverman. ?84 Folsom: tel.Folsom 1H1.
LADIES' tailor suits made to crder: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladies* Tailor. J20 Powell st. -
TAILOR made suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
658 Clay St.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
EPRING stvle* Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bu«h; hours 2 to S. ex- j
cept Th. and Bat.; electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD *rold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 723 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter St.
DR. LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druejrist*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
PILES. . -
JCEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
P midst; many . who have suffered ' 20 to 30
years;, over fifty names of prominent ¦• busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1JS0, Call offlce, S. T.. Cal.
EAUWAY TBA7EL .
Santa FeTrains-Diiiy
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot^
" Local Lim'd | Ovrl'd Local
Mon. &! .
' ¦...¦.•'¦¦ . Daily Thurs. | Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p y
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .,. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
-•• Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:03 a ....."."..•.
¦' Hanford .. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ;.-.
•' Visalla ... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p $:06a
" Bak'rsfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kans's Cy 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago .. .'. 2:15 p 9:00 p ...¦
a for morning: p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair
Car runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation,
of local flrat-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored en this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 a. m.
Tuesday and Friday.
¦4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond- "
inK train arrives 11:05 a.m. daily. ¦
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers, and
Free Reclining Chair cars: also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. I Corre- '
tr^in arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. -Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices— «41 Market street- and In Ferry
Depot,' San Francisco; : 111J • Broadway,
Oakland. - : • ~ . * . . . . • ', •
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Ferry... . ¦
" ¦ Commencing: April' 2S, 1901. - •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. ' . AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK PATS— 6:55. '8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. Ma..
¦12:46. n:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. nv.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on - Mondays; - Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, *9:00. «10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:4S. 5:00. «:00. 7:38
p.m. -11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . '¦¦-=*; ¦-_¦¦-•"» - .•'. ¦ • «.";• ..- ..
Trains marked - (•) run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:25, - «:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a. m.. *13:25. 1:15, 2:20. »S:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. n. • .
SUNDAYS-6:15. *i:W, 9:45, »ll:00 ai m., »t»
m.. 1.00. 2:15, n.Vi. 4:30, »5:45, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
P. m. ',>-'- ' ' '; ¦ - . ' ¦ "
. i Trains ! marked (?) ' start from San . Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— 5:45,, 6:45. 7:65. 8:55. lft;Sfl
a. m- 12:35, 1:45, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p.m.
- EXTRA TRJP8 on Mondays, - Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. -y ...
SUNPAYS-6:35, 8:00. 10:06. 11:10 a. m.. 13:15.
1-20, 2:30, 3:45, fi:09, 6:15. T:15, 10:30 p. m. , - v
. THROUGH TRAINS. .- •
4:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions;. .;¦'•• , '. . . :•-¦•."
3:15 pi tn. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. , >.: ;>¦¦¦ ¦ v . . < - -. ¦- '
' 5:15 d. m. week . days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and' way: stations. * - \. - , • -
"8 a. m.. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 - a. is. Sundays— Point -Reyes and way
stations. ""¦--" ¦ : ¦¦ . <*-i..- : - .
a Dr. Gibbou's Dispensary,
629 KJBABXX ST. JEstablished
lu 1894 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Mauhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and .
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. iTry him.": Charges low.
4-ur«-*«ra»rnnt«-*<I. Call or write,
' Dr. JT. V. «IB8ON. aaii Francisco, CaL - - - •
" . ; HyFriends and - acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 8unday,,
-June 9;- 1901; at t o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1712 . Arbor street. Alameda. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Gsmetery. — ¦ ¦ ''-
KOSCH— In this city, June 6, 1901, Soloma
Philomlna Kosch, dearly beloved daughter of
' Theodore and Philomina Kosch, and
i sister of Theodore Jr. and Frederick! Kosch.
. ,a native of 'Ban Francisco. : aged ; 5 ¦ years » 10
months and 26 days. :¦•'¦. ./ •.« .; '
MEANEY— In this city, June 5, 190L Adeline,
beloved wife of L. J. Meaney, and mother of
'¦• L. " P. and , Anna' .Meaney and Mrs.' Hattle
. Murphy, a native of Chicago; 111.," aged 48
- years 4 months and 12 days. ¦ ¦ • . -
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 153 Capp street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth. ¦ Interment CypreBS Lawn Ceme-
. tery. ¦." _ ¦ :.. •;,-. ;¦ ¦ . . ¦ . :. ,_~ ¦
NEVIN S— In Tung Chow, China, December 30,
1900, Michael, beloved son of the late Catta-
, ertne Nevins. and brother of Thomas. Ed-
ward and James Nevlns, Mrs. D. H. Gates
and Mrs. W. H. Curley. a native of Grass
Valley,; Cal., ¦ aged 25 years. A member of
Company I, Ninth Infantry. "S ''
' (t7Remains will . be interred at National
Cemetery. Presidio," this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock. -" .
NOLEN— In this city. Elizabeth Agnes Nolen. •
beloved wife of the late John M. Nolen.- and
mother of Mrs. Augusta Secor, a native of
England, aged .81 years. . .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from 647 Folsom
, street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery,
O'DONNELL— In this city, .June 6. 1901,
Thomas P., beloved son of James and the
late' Bridget O'Donnell, a native of New
' Tork. . :
PULLEN— In San Juan, Cal., May 31, 1901,
Ruth C, dearly beloved daughter of Stephen
' E. and Catherf.it C. Pullen, and : sister *of
Frank J., George S., Lillian S., Irene C. and
William H. Pullen.- a native of Clovordale.
Cal., aged 9 years and 28 days: ¦ , .
SIEVERT— In this city, June 4, 1901, Ferdl-
_ nand Slevert, beloved husband of Minna Sle-
vert, and father of Margareta Slevert, a na-
tive of Wolrast, Poromern, Germany, aged
60 years 3 months and 18 days. A member
of the German Krleger Verein; Germanla
Lodge No. 7, 0. d. H. S.. s and Washington
Lodge No. 60. A. O. U. W.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from . B'nal B'rith
¦ Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man Krieger Verein, Interment Odd Fel-
• lows" Cemetery.- Remains at the parlors of
¦fi H. P. Petersen. 22$ McAllister street.
STEINHART— In this city, June «. 1901, May
• F.,- beloved I wife of Ignatz Bteinhart, and
sister of Joseph Friedlander. a§red 43 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. . . i -¦_ ¦ ¦
SUCH— In this City. June 3, 1901, Rosina. Such,
beloved wife of the late Francis L. Such,
and mother of Mrs. W. E. Turrell and W.
T. Such. a. native Of New York, ased . 71
years.' (Tacoma papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
Of Mr. George Turrell, 681 Thirty-sixth street,
Oakland. Interment Masonic Cemetery, San
Francisco.
TIBBETTS— In thie city. June 5, 1901, Isaiah
Tibbetts. beloved husband of Annie Tibbetts.
and father of Fred Tlbbetts. . a . native of
Maine, ased 64 years. -- •: . ¦•; •.'- PENNSYLVANIA^ STSTEM - of RalK
ways. Office— 30 - Montgomery ' • j:
. . Verus^cures " piles, ! or $50 reward."- . For
sale by. all . druggists. ',;.. /.'•
'Ermine J. Shayer.was granted a divorce,
yerterday from William i H. Shayer on the
ground of failure to provide.
K. Gross was granted a decree annulling
her marriage to Frank Gross; , The decree
was granted on statutory grounds. ¦>
I Pearl Hayes secured a decree 'annulling
her • marriage to < Edward Hayes on * the
ground that at the time of their marriage
Hayes had a wife by a .former .marriage
who was living: and from "whom ,'he -had
not been divorced. • R. C. . Stoddard filed
suit yesterday for a divorce from' Irma
E. Stoddard alleging desertion as cause
of action. Rosa Carlsen : has sued N. L.
Carlsen for a divorcfe,' alleging cruelty « as
cause of action. ¦ C. R. Peck has asked for
a divorce from \ Emma ,H. Peck for de
sertion. .; ¦ ' , : .-i; ¦¦ ¦•,-' '.-" ••* -.¦'." ' - : ' If
In the Divorce Court.
1 1 The letter from . Chairman % Burton : to
Secretary Scott, giving- the itinerary and
personnel of the Congressional party, Is
as follows: \.- % . :- ' .' . . . -
Your letter, of the 25th' inst. is at hand. f I
take i it, hereafter that • in arrangements per
taining to San : Francisco M -shall communi
cate with $ you. r ; It . is ' Impossible T to fix the
exact "> dates of - our i Itinerary. 'It is probable
that we shall reach San Francisco late In. the
afternoon .. of Tuesday, June .18, and remain
until ' the : afternoon ' train on . Sunday, -which
goes i to Stockton. This would enable us to ex
amine | San ' Francisco harbor, ¦ Oakland - and
Vallejo from San • Francisco ; \ also, V' Alvlso
Slough . from * San Francisco. ? There ¦will prob
ably be thirty- four | members in the • party, as
follows: Hon. . Theodore E.' Burton (chair
man), Ohio; Hon. - ..Walter : Reeves and wife.
IllinoisjjHon. - Roswell P. Bishop and son,
Michigan ; • Hon. Ernest F. ¦ Acheson and , wife,
Pennsylvania; . Hon. _¦: Page Morris and - wife.
Minnesota ; * Hon. ; De Alva' S. 7 Alexander . and
wife, . New York ; Hon. ;•: Thomas H. , Tongue,
wlf e •¦' and t daughter, ¦ Oregon ; i Hon. - George P.
Lawrence and wife, Massachusetts ; . Hon. James
H: Davidson and wife, "Wisconsin ; Hon. Ruf us
E. " Lester, and* wife,* Georgia; : Hon. -John H.
Bankhead, • wife and -son, -.Alabama; Hon.
Philip * D. ¦ McCulloch, wife - and daughter, Ar
kansas ; ¦¦ Hon. Albert S. Berry and wife, Ken r
tucky ; Hon. Thomas Us Ball and wife, \ Texas ;
Mr. Ellis, /qlerk; Mr. • Hencke. -y stenographer,
and » wife ; Arthur ' Crist, messenger.
i r . "We r are ; particularly . ' anxious to '¦: gi ve ¦ a
thorough : examination of, all ¦ projects . in ¦ the
neighborhood - of I San Francisco, I and | count': on
giving careful attention to San Francisco har
bor, . even : if , it ' , should i require - more - than '» a
day.; It ¦ 13 ¦ probable . that'- 1 will' send a \ tele
gram " to J you \to-day - or to-morrow,' giving - a
.brief synopsis of . this ¦ letter. " .; We ¦<. expect ; to
reach San ; Diego :• on f, Tuesday, * June 11, . and
Los Angeles , on , the following day, , examining
San Pedro I and Santa . Monica harbors; also
Port Harford, and perhaps Santa Cruz. - In due
time ' I . will ' teleeraph ; you the . exact - date Of
¦ - . • ¦ " ¦¦•¦# ¦-.; ¦'¦¦' , :¦¦ •;¦¦ ¦: ¦ -- ¦ - -....¦
' : Secretary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce has . received ; ; official . notice . of I the
proposed visit of the Rivers ; and Harbors
Committee ; of. the | House of Representa
tives to San j Francisco and ( arrangements
are 2 being ! perfected to j make , the . stay | of
the visitors as -pleasant as .possible. '-• ';.• ;
arrival.' After leavingr San iFrandsco we shall
follow the San Joaquln River from Stockton to
its mouth, and then the Sacramento River i up
to Sacramento. - ¦. •' ' ¦ >
. Several other houses ' in the
vicinity, of : the Nieto' residence .were- also
entered , and . valuable silverware i stolen.
Sunday night* a- burglar i broke into '-:, the
residence "of Joseph Kahn at 1206 Geary
street by boring a hole in the front door
and then forcing back the latch x with ~ a"
piece of. wire. ..Going to ..the; dining-room
he packed" up the silverware, but i before
he -had a- chance to get awpy with j it he
was was frightened off by ' the. servant
girl, who' was awakened by him." v .
¦¦•-¦ Chief Sullivan^ last ¦ night .had about
fifty of ; his ' men dressed - in - citizen
clothes " patrolling i the ¦ streets • in - the r vi
cinity of the ' numerous burglaries. ,
Captain Seymour was immediately no
tified "and ; he, detailed Detectives Dinan,
Wren and Ed GIbsbn to make an inves
tigation. : ¦''.'¦'¦'*.;¦':':¦ ¦ .:,• :•., ¦'.¦;;. ::'¦-¦':: ' :
j The family was not awakened by ! the
burglar,' and it was not"' until morning
that the . crime , was discovered. ~ , - ; •
¦ The : daring burglar -who robbed a
number of '. houses In the Western Addi
tion during the past two weeks and who
the. police:; thought had -left for parts
unknown' is; again', at' work. . ¦ ••• •; -_ ' -
Early Wednesday ¦ morning '-he broke
into the residence of Rabbi Jacob Nieto,
at 1719 Bush street, and got . away i with
a' lot of silverware ..valued at. $500. ! It' is
supposed that \ he . entered 5 the house
through j the : rear > window. ' The silver
ware was stored 1 in the. dining-room, and
the burglar had f little 'trouble in nnd
ing'K. .; . -.. ;./:* .^ ..-•.„>. :' •;. ¦¦'¦Y.'-' -' ¦•
The Famiiy Plate Stolen
by a .-Desperate
Burglar.
RABBI NIETO'S
HOUSE ROBBED
j*^ OMMANDANT Jan Krige, late of
ft the staff of General Louis Botha,
Wthe Boer commander, is in the city,
having arrived from the East yes
terday. The commandant is a tall
and commanding man, speaking English
with ease and proudly,- proclaims himself
as a "typical son of the veldt." .Born near.
Johannesberg, he was educated j in .'the
schools of the Boer republic and learned
English' by association with' the British
subjects residing in the Transvaal.
Commandant Krige is the guest of Mr.'
and Mrs. L. C. Cnopnis- at the 'Hotel
Kancva and will remain in San Francisco
for a few days. Lait evening- he was wel
comed at*the meeting of the Holland'So
ciety of Wilhelmina, held at 539% Cali
fornia street. On entering the room Presi
den Van der Kamp and members pres
ent greeted the Boer officer by singing the
national anthem" of the Netherlands.
President Van der Kamp then addressed
the ex-soldier in the Dutch language,
Krige responding in the same tongue.
In speaking to a representative of The
Call as to the war In South Africa, Com
mandant Krige said: .
"I do not represent a government or a
No Effort Will Be Spared to 'Render Pleasant the Visit
of the Rivers and Harbors- Committee.
COMMERCIAL BODIES ARE PLANNING
ENTERTAINMENT FOR CONGRESSMEN
Are" Not 'Religious Fanatics. •
"We. have been called religious fanatics,
but we are not. The old Boers may cling
to traditions, but the young generation is.
progressive.- There: have ' been grievances
in the Transvaal suffered by. the English,
but those grievances could have been set
tled without bloodshed. - It may sourtd
absurd, but we will win our Independence
wltbin a year. We do not look for foreign
Intervention. The English themselves are
keeping us supplied .with x arms and \ am
munition. Scarcely ¦• a week passes but
oneof their supply, trains is' captured by
our- men: 'The English people and .the
English soldiers are tired of the war and
its burden of expense. The people of Eng
lan-1 will themselves terminate the war
and we will secure our independence. That
is all that is . left for. us. Our .homes,
farms, cattle and property ., have been
destroyed and. our ' families - captured and
sent to far-away prisons. The stories pub
lished by the English are absurd. They
told of Wessels . and Koch ,¦ being shot by
one of our generals while acting as peace
envoys. Both of these men are alive and
were so reported In recent . cables of the
British themselves. We have lost under
3000 men killed In the whole war and per
haps 9000 wounded, the majority recover
ing to again bear arms. We have to-day
about 15,000 men under arms and they will
fight to the end. England, has 18,000 pris
oners, of which number 8000 were soldiers,
ginning they -were fired by enthusiasm,.
¦ but. they grew sick of fighting against
•women and children. I have captured
; some -of the colonials and drank with
them out of the same cup, smoked With
.; them and: slept by theirside, and 1 know
how. they .feel. The war is costing Eng
land'more than $1,000,000 a day, and the
: peoples will tnot stand that strain much
longer.; England's army, is worn out and
• she cannot replace it. One Boer is a match
• for ' ten : English soldiers, and I am not
' boasting when I say it.' Walt and see if I
";amnot right." : : .
i,' The - ex-Boer : commander fought from
¦the beginning of 'the war until he sought
! refuge In Portuguese territory and was
held prisoner. He took part in the battles
¦of Modder River and* Abraham's Kraal
: under Christian. Dewet and was at the
; fight on the Zand River.' Krige was cap
itured at the battle of Klip River on May
; SO, 1900, and escaped in a few days, joining
General LOuis Botha at Balmoral. Botha
appointed Krige a commander of field po
lice and it was while hard pressed by the
¦British troops that Krige's command fled
•to Portuguese territory and was made
jprisoner. Krige escaped to Europe in a
| German ship, while his comrades are still
¦ held prisoners by the Portuguese officials.
J >' Next Tuesday evening Krige will deliver
a lecture at Metropolitan Hall on the
; "/Cause, Conduct and Probable Outcome
of the British-Boer War."
party. I am an escaped prisoner of war
and am in America to study the farming
conditions and also to tell the people- of
the true condition of affairs in my coun
try. • ¦. ' ¦-¦..¦¦
"Myself and thousands of other Boers
have no prejudice against the English peo
ple. The people of England did not force
the war on us. It was the work of Cham
berlain and the gambling element in South
Africa. If the negotiations had been held
with Lord Salisbury instead of Chamber
lain we would haVe , had no fighting.
Chamberlain was- one of the " gang of
gamblers and his mind was made up years
ago to despoil us of our country. ¦,'.> v. •
while the rest were non-combatants cap
tured on farms. ;
Will. Inflame Cape Colony. \
"Our men are' penetrating into Cape
Colony, little by little, every day. There
they can secure plenty of provisions and
horses. The Dutch loyalists will rise to
throw off the yoke of England. There are
now 6000 of these loyalists in arms against
England. These men are liable to be shot
as traitors if captured, so you see the
risk they take is positive proof of their
determination to be free men. • - -
I "England cannot secure any colonial
jtroops to fight- for her again. In the be-
COMMANDANT JAN KRIGE OF THE BOER ARMT, WHO TOOK PART. IN
MANY BATTLES, BUT WAS ". SUBSEQUENTLY . MADE PRISO*NER BY
. PORTUGUESE OFFICIALS WHILE IN FLIGHT AND ESCAPED.
Ask about it at 641 Market street ¦ •
The Santa Fe is now carrying: passen
gers to the Yosemite via" stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you : are at the Sentinel ¦ Hotel ' to
morrow afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees en route.: ' ..--.-
Yoscmite Valley via Santa Te.
At the "White House to-nlgrht every-'
thing was unusually quiet. There were.no
callers who saw the President, with the
exception of Surgeon General Sternberg
and Dr.Rlxey.' The former stayed but
a few minutes. Mrs. Dawes made her
customary r call of a few minutes." Gen
eral Corbin stopped by on the way from
the War Department, but merely left his
card and made an inquiry at the door as
to Mrs. McKinley's condition. The, Presi
dent spent an hour driving this afternoon,
being accompanied by Secretary, Hunt of
Porto Rico. -••-¦ :
Dr. Rixey. left the "White House at 10
o'clock to-night after an hour and a half
spent in attendance on Mrs. McKinley. He
said: " ' . '• • : *
¦ "There is no material change. in Mrs.
McKinley's condition. She remains . the
same as mentioned' in our bulletin of this
morning." > vi ¦¦
In answer to specific inquiries he replied
that he could not say there had not been
any perceptible Improvement whatever
during the day. f ,.,; ¦"¦• ..^. '-
"WASHINGTON, June 6.— The President
to-night continues hopeful of the outcome
of Mrs. McKinley's illness. More than
this cannot be said. There has been no
setback during the day, but likewise no
gain. One favorable circumstance is that
Mrs. McKlnley continues to obtain more
sleep than she was able to get in the
earlier stages of her illness, and to-night
rested fairly comfortable. . * ¦ <•
The President to-day, through Secretary
Cortelyou, formally notified the Buffalo
Exposition management that he would
not be able to attend the exposition on
the 13th inst., as had been planned, but
added that he hoped to be able to do so
at some, later date that may be desig
nated. ¦• . -".•¦•¦
One Favorable Circum
stance Develops in
Illness.
MRS. M'KINLEY
SLEEPS BETTER
The Republicans of the city seem to
have resolved, by general consent, to pay
no attention to the boss factions repre
sented by so-called, county- committees.
The contest for delegates to the Munici
pal Nominating Convention will be con
ducted under the provisions of the new
primary elections law. Assurance Is given
that ballots cast will be honestly tallied.
At the open easy-going primary last fall
ballot boxes were stuffed and smashed
and returns were manipulated to suit the
will of the bosses. As a fair primary
election safeguarded by law is in sight
there is an incentive for citizens to regis
ter and vote. Every - voter who has
moved from one dwelling place to an
other since the last general election
should go at once to the registration
office and .be. registered anew. The bat
tle for good government in this city will
be fought at the primary election, hence
registration should be attended to with
out delay.
Will Ignore Boss Factions.
The chairman announced that the stat
istical and comparison committees would
be announced later on.
Executive committee— Horace Davis fex-of
ficlo chairman), M. Ehrman, N. H. Frank,
S C Irving. H. O. Beatty, Sheldon G. Kel
lc^S L. G. Burnett and Maurice Brandt.
Finance committee — Colonel George stone,
James K. "Wilson. A. G. Towne, James Spiers
Jr., H. Z. Tlckner and H. R. Hopps. ¦
Membership committee— E. B. gutter. A. ¦ \v .
Voorsamrer. O. C. I'ratt. Sidney H. Ehrman,
F. H. "VVhelan. Edward Prlngle* Charles A.
Murdock and Warren Gregory.
Governor Gage Is In the south looking
over his fences. A break at Los Angeles
like that in Sacramento which happened
to let out Jack "Wright would upset
Gage's calculations. The fact is already
foreshadowed that Mulr cannot take any
time from railroad business to assist In
sending a solid delegation for Gage from
Los Angeles County to the next Repub
lican State Convention. There is a deal
of hard work ahead for "Walter Parker,
H. Z. Osborne and Al Lindley. It will be
interesting to note what they can accom
plish without the assistance of the
Southern Pacific. - " -
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee, re
cently joined .the Forty-first District
Central Republican Club', of which Hor
ace Davis is president. This club is rec
ognized throughout the city as a straight
out anti-boss organization. Night before
last Colonel S*one addressed the ciub,
urging Republicans to stand together for
clean politics. Colonel John C. Currior.
first vice president, presided at the meet
ing and announced the appointment or
the following committees:
booking 1 Over His Fences.
E. B. Edson of Gazelle, who was elect
ed Railroad Commissioner on the Repub
lican ticket in November, 1898, would;
cheerfully . accept the honor of party
leadership in the next State campaign.
Rumors to the effect that Governor Gage
has all the plans laid for securing the re
nomination do not in the least disturb
Mr. Edson. "Word comes from Gazelle
and other enchanting localities in North
ern California that the people want Mr.
Edson for Governor, and the Railroad
Commissioner Is convinced that the farm
ers of the north are sincere in their ex
pression of confidence in his capacity for
leadership. Frequent soundings to ascer
tain the depth of public sentiment have
been made by the friends of the aspiring
Commissioner, and they advise him to
go ahead. \
Mr. Edson is described as a statesman
of the Governor Stanford type. He is
said to be plain, rich and practically
benevolent. The ' farmers of Northern
California delight to say that he "looks
like a Governor." Wise men of the Re
publican party do not encourage the sug
gestion of conducting the next campaign
on the shape of the candidate, but form
will' surely count for something.' Com
missioner Edson's worldly wealth is said
to consist of "grain, landed possessions
and live stock." . •¦*
Republicans of Forty-First
District Organize for
— Glean Politics.
B. B. ¦. Edson on the ' tist
of Candidates for
Governor.
GAGE LOOKING
TO HIS FENCES
Commandant Jan Krige, Who Fought in; Bloody Battles oh the Veldt, Tells
of the Hopes That Animate the Men Who Are Opposing the Vast Army
Pitted Against Them by England in the • Grim South African Struggle
FIGHTER IN BOER CAUSE IS HERE
AND SAYS BURGHERS WILL TRIUMPH
THE SANFRANCISGO C^
k
12
ADVERTISEMENTS^ -^ _____ i
A Camera Free To-Day !
WITH YOUR VACATION TOGS. ;
Vacation is at hand for the little fellow ; he
is 7tow free from \care — free from study — and
about the pleasantest occupation that he can have
is to have a Camera for his outing oi" for his
stay in the city, to tali'e snap shots.
LOTS OF FUN, BOYS, IF YOU OWN A CAMERA
VACATION,
•4 Camera that's nob a toy ; om that will take a perfect pic.
ture, with all the appliances necessary and all ready to press
the button. The Camera, will do the, rest. «
VACATION TOGS.
The snvirlest things for vacation. Everything your lit tit
chap needs. If he's going to ihi seashore, the mountains ; if
he's a tiny tot or a big .one— every thing that he needs, and of
cwse popularly priced, and including his' vacation togs to-
day, he gets -
A CAMERA FREE;
•*»: : : ! : : i : i*H;*i :-:-i-M'M : i fx 1 1 m..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..imm..x..i..i-i. «
J ' GDLFiNG SUITS for bij and little % The correct ideas in OUTING HATS ••
X cbaps. * 31 for brg and little chaps. • *!
9 1 I I I M'l'l I I 1 1 I I"I"I"I"I-I"l"I"M"I"l'i ¦:¦¦!' M-l I 1 I ;-i-l"H"l"H"H"I"I"l"H"I-S
&&P . "Wtieowhnxnsp'" Union SqJSjcA^^
N - ' ¦'¦"¦¦¦¦"¦"-.:-.."' • ' .''¦¦¦'
Our Summer Catalogue t;IIs you all about out* Smartest Sum-
mer Fashions. Yours for the asking..
I] ; May be defective with-?
II cut your knowledge* If
|l" v they* buria at' tunes,', or
II water easily, or ache
I - without apparent cause,
in ninety-nine cas*s , of
I i a hundred ifs because ._
I you need , eyeglasses*
. The only safe course is .
tD come to us and havs '
; , your eyes examined: , ,
SlT^lj^8eOpXl£4L((pi
ABVEBTISEHENTS.
F^PJ 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- Sr?5a
Wl\jfi wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco
Announcement
t to the
Public
f\WIXQ TO THB FA-
VF Torabls criticism an,l
many inquiries received by
. ua from the Medical Pro-
fession' and others interested regarding' our
statement that the go-called Weakness of Men
is not a weakness bat symptoms " of Inflam-
mation of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contractsd disorders and early
dissipation, and that Loss of Vitality. Prema-
tureness, etc., ar© invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting: this Inflam-
mation, we wish . to statft to thess many in-
quiries, in. the columns of the press, that It
, takes approximately tan weeks to* cure' thes*
disorders of the mala . The treatment is en-
tirely a local one, as no drugging tbe stomach
'¦ is necessary, and that the patient may. treat
himself at home', under our directions. W« will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which wa send free on applica-
tion to any one interested in th» subject, will
be found a fTeat advantage in "Home Diag-
nosis." as well aa a study for all Interested la
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DB. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St^
World Famous Manani ionic
.Restores the Vital Forces. Per-
f ectly. safe and reliable. It give3
strength and vigor to body, brain
and nerves. •
AH Dr u £ feists. Refuse Substitutes.
'^Bfe- VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
jgjr^ML MORMON* BISHOP'S PILL3
*KTi have been In use over fifty
«K5*^'*sBffl years by the leaders of the
ftKv t Jf~LfiHH Mormon Church and their fol-
B5t3pSvSM lowers. Positively cure the
¦ BR|Sj/;?S^H worst cases In old and youn*j
BwJ^yi V {S arising from effects of self-
vAo!¥)M tZtff abuse, dissipation, excesses or
' clgarette-smoklnar. Cure Lost
\yap53g Manhood. Impotency, Lost
'tlfr Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia,' Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, -m j^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ne *^ (1 rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects irJ.jJ^L a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and CE1WTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure la at
hand Restore small, undeveloped orgrana.
Stimulate « the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box: 6 for J2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY C<X.
JO Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO., 38 and 40 Third st. '
'" ' """'¦• -'¦-'"--' - : ' '•*¦¦'• - "¦ ' : ' <•.''-"
¦-BJ J| B8 fl A^ai
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-*
dera Count/,;
" For particulars address FARX. 813 Uaikat
6treet. S. F. ; - • _ . .
DRMCNULTi
I^HIS Wi;U>xyOWjr ATiV RRLrABLE OLD
. Specialist cure* Blood Poison, (Jonorrhcest,Gteet,
Strictnrc, ».-mliial Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied Di.wrtlers. -Book or\ Dheanes ot Men. fr^e.
OvcrC0yenrs>sp^r»e»ice.T«»rnM reasonable. Honn,
StoSdally ;6:."»u>S.30ev'(j3. 55an«ia y! raJ?to 12. Cinsal- .
: tation Ireeand sacredly confldential. Call oraddxtr&l
vP. ROSCOE IldXULTY, M.D.
, gOK Kearny StCy Ban Fraurlwco. Ctel-
: .KOTABTPUBUO^AHD.ATTOHHEY-AT-LIW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckela Bids.
- -i '¦ ¦ Telephone Brown 9a
• Residence, 821 ' California * st. . below PowaU.
' ¦ :¦*. • - San Francisco*