MEMBERS OF PRESIDENT McKINLETS CABINET, WHOSE RENOMINATION .WAS APPROVED BY THE SEN
ATE YESTERDAY. ALL OF THE PRESENT HOLDERS OF PORTFOLIOS WILL REMAIN, POSSIBLY WITH
THE EXCEPTION OF ATTORNEY GENERAL GRIGGS, WHO RECENTLY SIGNIFIED A DESIRE TO RETIRE.
Florence to a news agency says a serious
mutiny of convicts has occurred'at Santa
Caterma Prison, resulting In the military
toeing called out and ten of the convicts
being killed and fifty-seven wounded.
The mutiny of the convicts, the dispatch
adds, was caused by tha bad food supplied
them by the prison authorities.
Outbreak at Santa Caterina Results
in Ten Prisoners Being
Killed.
LONDON,' March a.— A dispatch from
3AD FOOD CATJSES
MUTINY OF CONVICTS
BERLIN, March 5.— President McKln
ley's inaugural address has not yet been
commented upon by a section of the Ger-
PARIS, March 6.— La Gaulols, dealing
with President McKinley's inaugural ad
dress, says: "Dally It becomes more plain
that President McKinley tends at the
present time to repudiate the policy of ex
pansion and imperialism and to return to
the moderation which accords better with
his temperament and Ideas."
man Newspapers.
Varied Comment of French and Ger-
There was no formal meeting of the
Cabinet to-day, owing to the crush of
visitors, but several members called. Gen
eral Joe Wheeler saw the President for
the purpose of paying his respects. A
large number of students from Atlanta
came a little before noon. The members
of the United States Supreme Court, as
Is their custom at the beginning of a new
administration, called In a body .to pay
their respects to the President, and Sena
tors Allison and Cockrell, as a Senate
committee,' notified the President that the
Senate was in extra session and ready to
receive any message from him. When
the committee started back to the Senate
Assistant Secretary Pruden left the Capi
tol with, the nominations of the Cabinet
officers. It Is not expected at the White
House that the Senate will be In session
long. .
CRITICIZE INAUGURAL SPEECH.
June, 1S56, in Philadelphia, which nomi
nated John C. Fremont for President of
the United States. A. large number of
school children of Chicago were presented
to. the President
The committee has no official existence
and the members go as private Individ
uals. All, however, are members' of the
House and ; doubtless' will be on' the com
mittee In the next' Congress. Some of the
members of the "Military Committee have
decided?. to visit Cuba and Porto Rico .to
inquire into conditions there and. will
leave' in a few days. -The members of. the
NavaL Committee of the House." It Is un
derstood, t also -have -a .similar trip under
contemplation. Although' the ;btll to cre
ate a special committee of the Insular
WASHINGTON. March 5.— The House
Committee. on Rivers and Harbors to-day
arranged the details of two trips of In
spection which they will make. The first
will be. to Havana. The members will
leave to-morrow evening. In June they
will 'make a trip to the Pacific Coast, go
ing-i T flrst to Galvestcn and ¦ other ' gulf
ports, then on to Los Angeles and north
ward, visiting all the harbors as far
north as Puget Sound.
Members of Congress to Visit the
Gulf and Coast Ports.
play; was : made' from the grounds sur
rounding the Washington Monument and
was one *of the finest pyrotechnic fea
tures ever attempted In the capital city.
The tall and imposing shaft of the Wash
ington Monument formed a fitting back
ground ' for \ the brilliant Illumination
caused by the explosion < of . rockets,
bombs, cascades and fountains and Bat
teries of Jeweled mines, which continued
for- an hour or more. The programme
Included lance fire portraits of President
McKinley and Vice President Roosevelt.
": -V .' ?' • •
AN INSPECTION OF HAEBOKS.
WASHINGTON, March 5.-The inaugu
ral 'display of fireworks, postponed from
last night on account of the .Inclement
weather, took place to-night - The dls-
More Than., an Hour.
Brilliant Illumination \ Continues ' for
DISPLAY. OF; FIREWORKS.
The Vosslsche Zeitung says: "We see
traces that the United States will not fol
low high protectionism hereafter, as it
will no longer be possible when the United
States have become emphatically an ex
porting Industrial country; . but President
McKinley will hold "all the United States
have recently acquired by imperialism."* 7
The Lokal Anzeiger describes the United
States "as threatening economic and po
litical dangers for "old Europe," and then,
referring to the address, says: "President
McKinley has disappointed the- -world.
The China and tariff passages of the ad
dress are general phrases and the Cuba
and Philippines passages are optimistic
and self-deluding." • • ;.
The Tageblatt disapproves the passage
In the address dealing with China, Cuba
and the Philippines.
The Berliner Tageblatt says:- "Accent
uating reciprocity is a clear hint that the
United States will strive to enlarge their
foreign market, but will sooner relinquish
new commercial treaties If full reciprocity
Is not granted. This will hardly meet the
approval of our Agrarians, who think the
United States will never dare undertake a
tariff war." -
man press. The National Zeltung, how
ever, says: "The mere fact that the Pres
ident mentioned reciprocity treaties proves
that there exists a strong liberal current."
"Tou will be carried out of South Africa
In the same way." "
Flavin's turn then came. The police
were handling him roughly amid renewed
cries of "Murderers!" when he exclaimed:
"All right. I don'jt intend to hurt any
body."
There were still about fifty Irishmen
when the committee resumed, but they
refused to appoint any tellers for a divis
ion. The Nationalists jeered Balfour and
tbe other Ministers as they left the build
ing.
Neither Dillon, John Redmond nor T.
P. O'Connor were present, having already
left the House. One or two constables
were badly handled in the scuffle. The
suspension will 'last fox oi* werk.
WASHINGTON. March 5.— This was a
day of much handshaking and little busi
ness at the White House. Members of
Congress and the Supreme Court, visit
ing Governors and their staffs, clubs and
other organizations gave the President a
very busy day. He began at 10 o'clock
by giving a reception to Troop A of Cleve
land, Ohio, which acted as his personal
escort yesterday. The members of the
troop were received in the East Room. A
great crowd of strangers waited outside
for the doors^to be opened, but owing to
the large numbers of people having ap
pointments with the President. It was de-
President Holds Private Exception of
Visitors.
to be Secretary of the Interior.
JAMES WILSON, of Iowa, to be Secre
tary of Agriculture.
It is expected that the President will
send In the nomination of Robert McCor
mlck. formerly of Illinois but now a resi
dent of the District of Columbia, to be
Minister to Austria, vice Minister Harris,
resigned.
The following nominations failed of con
firmation In tho last Senate:
John W. Eddy of Helena, Mont., Min
eral Land Commissioner In Montana;
George D. Corson of Evanston, Wyo.,
Indian Agent at San Carlos Agency, Ari
zona; Thomas B. Hlldebrand of Oakland,
Cal., to be Receiver of Public Mon«ys at
St. Michael, Alaska; George P. Bennett.
Register of the Land Office at Rapid City.
S. D.; Frank W. Jackson of Pennsyl
vania. Consul at Patros. Greece. ¦'} '['•
A DAY OF HANDSHAKING.
An official declares. ;bat Hill has lately
secured options on an immense tract of
mineral land In Northern Minnesota. It
Is also, said in the ethereal world from
which all these "straight tips" come that
Hill. intends to build an immense smelter
on the : iron range and ship his own pi?
iron East, Instead of Iron ore, In his own
boats. Hal
..The. trust is said to have left one por
tion of Its far-reaching plans rather care
lessly ; guarded and It Is through this en
trance . that Hill Is expected to slide In.
It, was a question of raw material for fu
ture use.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 5.— The Dis
patch says: J. J. Hill Is sarid to have a
plan regarding the development of tho
iron and steel trust which the latter con
cern hardly figured on and the proposed
Increase in the Great Northern capital
stock of $25,000,000 is said to have some
thing to do with Mr. Hill's scheme.
Railroad Magnate Said to Havs
Formed a Plan to Build
Smelter and Ship
Pigiron East.
HiLL TO FiGHT
THE IRON AND
STEEL TRUST
MANILA, March 5.— A wagon train and
a detachment of the signal corps, together
¦with six Macabbee scouts, were attacked
by thfe insurgents about midway between
the town of Siland and Das Marinas, in
Cavite. Three Americans were killed and
two of the ilacabebe scouts were wound
ed, while one man is missing. Four horses
and one mule were killed. Captain Mair.
with detachments of Infantry and cavalry
from Sllang, arrived at the scene of the
surprise too late to Intercept the enemy's
retreat.
WASHINGTON. March 5.— The trans
port Lcpan sailed from Manila on the 1st
with Generals Young and Hare, 25 officers
and 769 men of the Thirty-third Volunteer
Infantry and' 21 officers and 7S3 enlisted
men of the Thirty-fourth Volunteer In
fantry.
General MacArthur reports that . the
transport Lawton arrived at Manila on
the 1st Inst. from San Francisco.
Tliree Members of the Signal Corps
Killed and Two Macabebe Scouts
"Wounded by Fierce
Filipinos.
INSURGENTS
ATTACK FORCE
OF AMERICANS
need of the first-hand Information Is im
perative. No definite decision, however,
has been reached.
Eight members of the National Fremont
Association met * the President In the
East Room. The members of this asso
ciation took part in the convention of
Governor Nash of Ohio called with a
few friends. Governor Longlno of Mls-
Fissippl. accompanied by Adjutant General
Henry and ex-Representative Catchings.
was presented to the President. Governor
Hoard of Louisiana was accompanied on
his visit to the President by Senators Fos
ter and McEnery, State Treasurer Smith
and Representative Davy. Governor
Shaw of Iowa also saw* the President.
Governor Dietrich and staff of Nebraska
called early. Tl» Hamilton Club of Chi
cago was received about 11 o'clock In tho
East Room. After the Introduction Wil
liam A. Lamson, a member of the club,
but now a Bank Examiner under Comp
troller Dawes, sang with great effect tha
famous poem, "Illinois," set to a familiar
tune. The last line was . changed to
"True to Yates and McKinley, Illinois,"
the club joining In the chorus. The song
was received with much applause.
cided not to complicate matters by open
ing the doors to the general public
sending to the Senate renomlna
tions of all the members of his present
Cabinet. They were promptly confirmed.
This action for the present, at least, si
lences all Cabinet gossip. Should Attor
torney General Griggs persist in his de
termination to retire at an early date,
the President will have plenty of time
In which to select his successor.
Appended are the nominations as sent
to the Senate by the President:
JOHN HAY. of the District of Colum
bia, to be Secretary of State.
LTMAN J. GAGE, of Illinois, to be
Secretary of the Treasury-
ELIHU ROOT, of New York, 1 to be Sec
retary of War.
JOHN W. GRIGGS. of New Jersey, to
be Attorney General.
CHARLES EMERY SMITH, of Penn
sylvania, to be Postmaster General.
JOHN D. LONG, of Massachusetts, to
be Secretary of the Navy.
ETHAN A. HITCHCOCK, of Missouri.
CAUL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March. 6.—
President McKinley actively be
gan his second term to-day by
The speaker ordered the removal of
others. Amid renewed howls of execra
tion the police grappled -n-m, them and
carried them by the arms and legs over
fiencbes and out of the House. "While
I Donelan was being removed the Nation
alists rose and sar.c "God Save Ireland."
Flavin shouted against the Unionists, who
cat «ilest la their seats during the scene.
While Culllnan was being removed, after
¦trupplingr violently. Patrick O'Brien ex
citedly appealed to the speaker to "Stop
this most distressing Fcene." The speaker
responded, "The scene Is certainly as dis
tressing to me as it can be to -the Irish
members."
"God Save Ireland!" Shouted.
As McHugh was being carried out— his
underclothes show'.ng where the outer
garments had been torn away in the
struggle — Flavin shouted from the back
bench: "Nineteen policemen to remove
one Irishman!" and cries of "Shame!"
were heard from the opposition benches.
The Speaker then called upon HcHuffh
to retire, but he defiantly refused, his
companions shouting their approval. A
Ftrcng body cf twenty policemen again
eicrined the Irish benches. McHugh
fought, struggled p.r.d Impeded them iu
every * a >'- Angry rhouta rent the air.
The benches below the gangway on the
opposition Fide were a mass of mad and
rtruggling humanity. Several policemen
were struck with r.sts. Free fights be
tween the police and the members wero
fairly g-eneraL •'*'•**
Nrver before had such a scene occurred
Jr. tbe House as accompanied the re
moval of Crean. lie struggled fiercely
with the attendants, who summoned the
poUee. a dozen oonsub>s entering- the
House. The Nationalists jeered at them,
r'our or five Ftalwart policemen pro
ceeded to seize Crean, who stuck his legs
ttnder the seat end could not be removed
for some minutes. Meanwhile other po
3'cenien were struggling ar.d lighting with
«ther Irishmen who stood up anil ob
structed the passage of the police to
f'rean's seat. The Irish shouted, "Don't
kill him!" and "Don't kill th» man!"
The Nationalists fought and struggled
frantically, but at length a superior force
ft police succeeded in dragging Crean out
by the legs and arms and carrying him
rlown the floor of the House, the Irish
men standing- and wildly . shouting.
"Shame!" "Murderers'." and "South Af
riran brutality!"
Creep's Desperate Struggle.
Th* Irish member. 1 ? shouted they would
not leave. The chairman asr^ln put the
i ote on account, adding, there being no
teller or noes,- the ayes had it. Amid
laughtrr and cheers the House adjou.-ned.
The troubles arose through Balfour
closuring the whole education estimates
without giving; an opportunity to discuss
th<« Irish votes.
At 1 o'clock the Speaker said: "The
House will now resume proceedings in
rnrr-.mitteo. and I trust that the hsnor
fcMe nembTs will now leave the House."
The police th^n returned and carried out
each of the remaining recalcitrants in. the
Eaa» manner, although there was no fur
ther actual resistance. Six policemen suf
ficed for each member, with th© exception
of Fla/iir.. who !.<¦ a big man, and require.-*,
eight. Many, as they were being carried
out, waved their hands and shouted "God
fave Ireland.'*
Thore who were removed Included John
Cullir.an. Patrick White, Patrick Mc-
H-cph, 'William Lundon. William Abra
|nra. Patrick Dugan. Anthony Donelan.
Jaacs Oflhooly. Thomas McGovern and
•Jtromiah Jordan.
Eugene Crear.. memler for Southeast
<""ork, Ptrufncled desperately against re
ir.oval, and there was <7uite a free ficht
en the floor, lasting five minutes, other
.Irishmen a^sistir.g him. Eventually he
was carried out bo<llly by six poUcemen
crr.M ye'is ajnd cneera.
Th© Speaker then named sixteen recal
citrants and Ealfour moved their suspen
sion. This was agreed to without divis
ion. The S;>eaker ordered them to -with
draw, but they refu.-ed, amid great up
roar. The Speaker called upon the ser
f ar.t-at-anrs to remove them. They
fihouted defiance. The deputy sergeam-ar
arrns advanced and asked them to leave;
Eti'.! they refused. At this a number of
officers and uolicemen entered to enforce
the removal.
Forcibly Carried Out.
The chairman then intimated that he
must report the matter to the Speaker.
In the meantime the other members ha<l
returned from the lobbies arnld some up
roar, thirty or forty Irishmen remaining
In their seats. The t=: eaker having re
turned to the House, the chairman report
ed the matter to him ar.d the Speaker
tsked If the Irish rr.CTr.bers still refu&cd
to cbey the order and there were cries of
"Yes, yes."
LONDON, March 6.— After midnight Ir.
the House of Commor.b Mr. Balfour ap
plied the cJosure on the education esti
mates. The Nationalists shouted "gas"
ar.d refused to leave the House when tho
division was taken. The chairman twice
e?ke<3 them to retire to the division lobby,
but they shouted "Certainly not." Mr.
Flavin cried: "I protect acair.st the way
i... Irish votes are closured."
Wild Scenes and Free Fights
Follow Protests Against
Closure.
Irish Members Put
Out of House by
Police.
NATIONALISTS
ARE EXPELLED
FROM COMMONS
ing the Impossibility of obtaining action
by the Senate, the President will not re
transmit to that body the nominations
of Rear Admiral Sampson and Rear Ad
miral Schley for advancement on account
of services during the war with Spain.
As Rear Admiral Schley will retire on
October 9 next, and Rear Admiral Samp
son <hree months later, it Is evident that
the only reward that can be given these
officers In future Is for Congress to au
thorize the President to appoint then:
vice admirals on the retired I!3t.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU. IMG G ¦STREET. ??.
W., WASHINGTON. March 5.— Recogniz-
The Only Hs-ward That Congress Can
Give Sampson and Schley Will
;•",,'> Come After Their Re
tirement.
ADVANCEMENT
FOR ADMIRALS
NOT POSSIBLE
PEKIG. March 5.— The next general
meeting of the Ministers of the powers
will consider the pretests of the Chine3©
plenipotentiaries regarding- the legation
quarters now established In Chinese pub
lic buildings. The British and Russians
have taken the Board of Public "Works,
Board of Revenue and Board of Cere
monials. The Italians have taken the Em
peror's personal temple of worship. Flr<»
has destroyed the greater part of tho
temple of a thousand years in the summer
palace. Fortunately the effigy of Buddha,
weighing 600 tons, »vas not Injured.
The Japanese troops are preparing to
leave in transports now on their way t»
Taku. The river Is now safely open and
there Is no danger of another frost.
In an edict the Emperor of China an
nuls all decrees and reports rendered
from June 20 to August H, 1300. in order
that no trace of them be preserved la
history.
Ministers Will Consider the Protests
of Chinese Envoys.
AS TO LEGATION Q1TABTEB&.
Boxers Intended to Commit Tercibla
Tortures at Peking.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 5.-Th© for
eigners at Peklnsr were to hav© been taken
alive by the ©oxers which so long In
vested the legations and boiled. This pro
gramme of the Chinese was brought to
light by the finding of documents at Pe
king since the occupation of the capital.
teUing of the orders given to that effect.
A Peking: correspondent of the Hongkong
Press says that he hears of the finding
of the documents from reliable sources
proving that the assailants of the lega
tions were Instructed not to kill the In
mates, but to take as many as possible
alive, as all prisoners were to be taken
to the Temple of Heaven and there pat
through the process of being boiled.
It Is also stated that Liu Kuns Tl. Vice
roy of Nanking, had repeated Instructions
to attack and massacre the residents of
Shanghai, and that had Tientsin fallen
and with it Peking, there is some reason
to believe that the Instructions would
have been carried out as far as lay la the
power of the Chinese.
PLANNED TO BOIL FOREIGNERS.
Story That Boxers Planned
to Capture Foreigners
and Boil Them.
WASHINGTON. March 5.— Such report*
as reach here from Peking indicate that
the State Department t>7 no means under
estimated the difficulties that -would bo
experienced in reaching an agreement be
tween the foreign Ministers respecting
th© amount of indemnities to b« levied
upon the Chinese Government and the
method of collection.
Special Commissioner Rockhlll Is dotr»:;
all he can to restrain the demands of th<»
powers to a sum total that win be within
the ability of the Chinese Government to
meet without the destruction of the dyn
asty and an upheaval that would result
In the loss of much territory by China.
It appears, however. «hat th© demands la
their present shar© are of an onerous
character and grave difficulty Is antici
pated In securing an amelioration of tha
flemands.
It will not be surprising If It should be
come necessary for the powers sincerely
desirous of avoiding: a partition of China
to address themselves directly to th© For
eigm Offices of the other powers, as was
done In the case of the punishment sec
tion of the agreement in the hope that
they may Instruct their Ministers at Pe
king on different lines from those they arts
now pursuing--
Powers Will Again
Fight Against
Partition.
INDEMNITY
FROM CHINA
NOW VAGUE
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,; MARCH 6, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 96.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY RENOMINATES
THE MEMBERS OF HIS PRESENT CABINET
AND SENATE PROMPTLY CONFIRMS LIST
Affairs Committee to visit Porto Rico.
Cuba and the Philippines failed Chairman
Cooper and several of the members are
contemplating a trip to the islands at
their own expense. They consider th3
The San Francisco Call.An' Interesting engagement made public
yesterday was that of Miss Nella Mc-
Cormlck and Harry P. Poindexter.
Is Announced.
Cormick and Harry Poindexter
BELLE TO BE. BRIDE
.. OF CIVIL 'ENGINEER
The Engagement of Miss Nella Mc-
and took a turn along the beach, back
through Golden Gate. Park and home.
•At night some went through Chinatown
others went to the reception of Islam
Shrine at Opldcm Gate HalJ. Captain of
Police Wittman saw that everything In
the way. of policemen and other facilities
for enjoyment were extended to the visit
ing guests in the Chinese quarter. No
nook or cranny was .left unexplored.
But up at Golden Gate Hall on Sutter
street there wad woe. Like at the charge
at Balaklava, "Some one had blundered."
There were plenty of dancers, plenty of
punch and other things, but the sched
uled orchestra was absent.
Colonel Murphy.- It Is said, was the cul
prit, but whether or no, it took but little
time to make amends and gather some
musicians together. In the meanwhile an
impromptu entertainment was given, for
the Shriners are rich In talent, and Billy
Hynes did the rest. He is new to the
visitors.
¦•The hall was beautifully decorated with
palms, ferns and Shriner flags. Punch
bowls and accessories were in every con
venient nook, and when the musical tan
gle was solved, dancing went on merrily.
For to-day a trip on the bay has been
planned. The steamer James M. Dono
hue. fresh from the ways, will be taxed to
Its. utmost capacity to carry ajl who want
to make the trip. The Union Iron Works
Hunters Point, Sausallto. Belvedere, Rac
coon Straits and The Brothers and Sis
ters will be visited. About 4 o'clock the
caravan is expected^ to return and pre
pare for- the further pilgrimage across
the sea to Honolulu, It is expected that
the^ Shriners will embark on an ocean
liner this evening at 9 o'clock.
i Illustrious Potentate J. C. Campbell at
the close of tho reception entertained Su
preme Potentate Lou B. Winsor and a
number of distinguished visiting guests
at dinner at the Bohemian Club. •
Eastern Visitors Are Conveyed in Four-in-Hands and Other' Fashionable Equip
ages, to the Cliff House, Where They Spend the Day Feasting and Sight
seeing—-Natural Attractions of the Ocean Beach Charm City's Guests
SHRINERS PAUSE IN PILGRIMAGE
AND ENJOY ANOTHER DAY'S FUN
General Daggett Retired.
"WASHIKGTOX. March 4.— General A.
S. Daggett, recently appointed brigadier
general of the army, has been retired.
RALEIGH. N. C. March 5.— The Brltls?.
steamer Camperdown, bound for New
York with 20,»X> sacks of sugar, la
stranded near Cape Lookout shoals.
F-even miles from the beach. Th» life
saving crew has made three unsuccessful
attempts to reach the vessel. A wrecking
tug has been ordered from Norfolk.
Everything Indicates the total loss of the
vessel.
ilous Position and the Vessel
Will Probably Become a
Total
British Steamer Camperdown in Per-
STRANDED ON
SHOALS NEAR
CAPE LOOKOUT
It appears that young 1 Doughty'3 Injury
had dethroned his reason. He escaped
from the hospital, made hia way across
the bay and walked to Healdsburg. Tho
journey occupied several days and during
that time the insane invalid went without
food, his one aim being t» reach home
and shelter as quickly as possible.
PET^LUMA. March 6.— J. Doughty of
Healdsburjr passed through Petaluma this
morning en route to the military hospital
at the Presidio with hia soldier son, John
Doughty. The young soldier was In thw
hospital being treated for a fractured
skull caused by being hit with a baseball
while playing ball at the Presidio. Ills
parents supposed he was still in the hos
pital and were startled a few days ago to
find him unconscious on the doorstep of
his home at Healdsburg. He was fam
ished and totally exhausted. Ho dropped
into a chair and slept for hours and then
ate till his relatives restrained him". In
an Incoherent manner he said that he had
walked every step of the way from the
Presidio.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
John Doughty, Suffering From Frac
tured Skull, Is Found Uncon
scious at the Door of His
Parents' Home. k / > C
Escapes From the Presidio
Hospital and Journeys
to Healdsburg.
INSANE INVALID
WALKS FOR DAYS
The trial by court-martial of Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neil, colonel of the First
Infantry, National Guard of California,
has resulted in a verdict of not guilty,
lie was charged with making false re
turns of the number of men who re
ported fot a parade and also with un
offlcerlike conduct.
Colonel (TNeil Is Acquitted.
dexter, the millionaire Montana cattle
dealer. He Is a graduate of Stanford of
the class of '97 and has already earned for
himself . quite an enviable reputation as
a mining- engiheer.
The bride to be resides with her parents
at the corner of Fulton and Pierce streets.
She is charming aud accomplished and
extremely popular. No date for the wed
ding has yet been set although It has been
decided that the marriage will be solem
nized in. the fall.
Cliff House. Host Wilklns, who. Is en
titled to wear a red fez, had prepared an
excellent, menu. The' tables were Set on
the lower floor, some 200 or' more guests
beine seated. Following Is, the menu
that pleased tho Shriners out by the sea:
SOUP.
Clam Chowder, Boston Style;
California Oysters a . la Poulette In Case.
COLD MEATS.
Turkey. . Prlmo Roast Porh.
Ham and Tongue.
Shrimp Salad. . Potato Salad.
DESSKRT. .
Ice Cream. Fruit and Cakes.
. The card describing these appetizing at
tractions -was ¦ decorated with scenes of
the CllfE House and bay. Then the visl
•t* tors saw Sutro Baths and Sutro Heights,
MYSTIC SHRINERS, AFTER (a. DRIVE ABOUT THE CITY, IMBIBE
OZONE AND OTHER THINGS ON THE BORDERS OF THE OCEAN
ACROSS WHICH THEY ARE SOON TO STEAM. .
To Prevent ' the Grip
Laxative - Eromo-Qulnlne removes tho cause. •
If you hareRheumatlsm.wrlteDr. Shoop.Raelne,
Wis..boxl!7,for six bottles of hljRheumatlcCure.
express paid. Ssnd no money. Pay $5 DO if cured.
A - Month's : Test Eree.
May Confer Knighthood.
• LONDON, March . 5.— King Edward ha*
issued a letter Z patent ' empowering . tho
Duke "of Cornwall"- ., and 1^ York to, confer
knighthood while he Is in"Australla*.V ; •
NEW YORK. March* 5.— Isaac M. Greg
ory, connected with Judge since Its estab
lishment; diod to-day or Bright's disease,
aged 63 years. Mr. Gregory was one of
the* old- school. -of; humorists of.-.whjch
Burdette of the Burlington Hawkeye.' and
Bailey.of .the Danbury.- News were promi
nent types. He was .born at Johnstown,
N. Y. ¦"¦„¦'¦ ,-.. ¦ . .
• ¦ ..--- -, - . ; — =" . ¦
Prominent Humorist Dead.
WASHINGTON, March 5.— Captains R.
D. Evans and H. C. Taylor, having been
advanced five numbers for service at
the battle of Santiago, were commissioned
as rear admirals, to date from February
11 last. '
Commissioned as Bear Admirals.
,.- Mr. Searles was. treasurer of the'Ameri
can''Sugar Refining ' Company :unill a few
years * ago '- and . president . of » tho Western
National Bank, of -this .city, succeeding
Brayton Ives. In his iatost and mostim
portant- enterprise,^ tbf... American - Coti.cn
Company, he was associated with "United
States Senator " Jones * of, Arkansas. The
latter company controls. the patents for a
Hfead ; of a Cotton Company.
NEW YORK, March 6. — John E.
Searles. the well-known financier and at
present j in the general corporation and
financial business, made an assignment to
Edward F. Dwight to-day for the benefit
of creditors. .
Mr. Searles is president of the American
Cotton" Company; Type 'Founders' Com
pany and the Hyatt Roller Bearing Com
pany. He was president and general man
ager of the Minneapolis and *St. . Louis
Railroad - Company, International Trust
Company and Union Traction and Elec
tric Company; chairman and director of
the Baltimore, Chesapeake and Atlantic
Railway Company; secretary and director
of .the Brooklyn. Cooperage Company; di
rector of the American Coffee Company,
American Sugars Refining Company; Pre
ferred Accident Insurance Company.
Western Bank, Sprague Electric Com
pany, Terminal Warehouse Company and
Universal Lasting Company; .trustee of
the American Deposit and Loan Company,
American Security Company, Brooklyn
Institute of Arts and Sciences. Eauitab'e
Life Assurance Society of the United
States, People's Trust Company of Brook
lyn,.Terminal Improvement Company and
Mercantile Trust Company and a member
of _ the Lawyers' Club and Downtown As
sociation. jMuMimmBmamam
John E. Searles of New
York Makes an Assign
ment for Creditors. ,
BIG FAILURE
OF A FINANCIER
Books Being Examined.
"I am now making a carefur examina
tion of Mr. Searles' and a state
ment of his assets, and liabilities will be
prepared at once" and submitted to tn<4
creditors. I have no other statement to
make at present." . . *.
Charles -E. Hughes of counsel for .the
assignee said: VThe assignment of Mr.
Searles was made for the protection of hia
general creditors in order. that' the inter
est of all might be fully /protected. His
assets are believed to be largely In excess
of his liabilities, but Include -a >* large
amount of unlisted securities' which were
not ready to convert Intocash to mee*
obligations maturing at this *tlme.\ The
assignment in no way affected the Ameri
can.Cotton Company or; any other cor
poration with 'which Mr.' Searles is con
cerned." - ' ¦ ' ' :-'-'-:?"
¦ Estimates of Mr. Searles" liabilities are
anywhere from " $1,000,000 to' 12,000,000. Y'Hh
was generally, regarded heretofore as
worth several millions. . . ........
cotton compress, and Is said to have done
a prosperous business.
The announcement of Mr. Searles' finan
cial embarrassment will not be surpris
ing in banking, circle?. Besides a fine
town residence in Brooklyn Mr. Searles
also has or had a fine summer home at
Buzzards Bay, near the properties of ex-
Presldent Cleveland and Joseph Jefferson.
As treasurer of the sugar company and
president of the Western National Bank
Mr. Searles gained a reputation for busi
ness sagacity and because of his reputa
tion was asked to enter the directories of
various corporations. His friends say that
he seemed to have unlimited faith In tlw
possibilities of the American Cotton Com
pany. One of the banks with, which' Mr.
Searles had an account Is the Merchants"
National of Way street. An official of one
of the leading banks downtown stated to
day that Mr.'Seartes had been in a bad
way for ready money since last fall.
Edward F. Dwlght, assignee of Mr.
, Searles, said to-night:
Wellington replied that he was delighted
to know the Senator (Platt) was not. In
the conspiracy to secure the Enactment of
the bill. He declared that while he was
arguing against It, In accorda?:ce.wlth his
right as a Senator, he « was threatened
that unless he .ceased his opposition f>
cloture rule would be presented and its
adoption insisted upon. \ -
"I: desire to pay," said he, "that I bow
to no party and to no man when my con
science tells mo that a measure Is -wrong."
He was proceeding to say that the prop
osition was "peculiar" when he was;in
terrupted by Mason of Illinois with the
comment, "It is peculiar because this" 1-:
a~ peculiar. body. '¦'.¦.• (Laughter.) ¦ ..••.¦•,•." ¦
After Mr. Morgan had offered a resolu
tion declaring the Clayton-Bulwer; treaty
between the United States and Great Bri
tain .abrogated, the -Senate .went 'Into
executive session, and at lU5 r o'clock ad
journed. . • • ¦ .' -• .-'
Wellington challenged the propriety of
the presentation of such a proposition as
that of Platt at the extraordinary session
of the Senate and declared hi3 : purpose
later to raise against It a point of order.
Speaking of the defeat of tho river and
harbor bill, to. which he sairl he had con
tributed, he declared: ."This proposed rule
is offered as a means of revenge."-.
Platt, interrupting him, said: "I will
say to the Senator that I was not in favor
of the passing of the river and harbor
measure." ¦ . ' \
Styled a Revenge Measure.
Just expired, he declared that the major
ity was. helpless. to prevent the defeat of
the measure.
The amendment he would propose, he
said, was a modification of the Reed rules
of the House of Representatives. He said
his amendment w<?uld enable the opposi
tion to have ample time for its discussion,
but limited the time of debate to. proper
length. ¦¦•-:¦. •<•**.:--
Baconof Georgia disapproved, of -the
proposed change in the rules and declared
his purposo to do everything in his power
to defeat the amendment. He .warned the
Senate that if the proposed rule wer?
adopted it soon would go the whole length
and the spectacle would be presented of a
Congress— not only the House, but vthe
Senate also— dominated by one or two
men. }/,* ;-\
Rule of the Minority.
What is a "reasonable time," he de
clared, . was a • question , that would
be discussed for twelve months in the
Senate, which he said is the only legisla
tive body in the world in which- the ma
jority is controlled by the minority. Re
.ferrlng to the defeat of the river and har
bor bill in the closing hours of the session
Mason of Illinois, who, since his advent
in the Senate four years ago, -has been
Insistent that the rules be changed so as
to enable t the majority .to transact the
business of the Senate,' gave notice of an
amendment he proposed* to /the ; amend
ment of Platt. He incited that the time
should be fixed in the rules for the limit
ing of debate.
Cockrell suggested. In a spirit of face
tiousness, that the reasons for the adop
tion of the proposed rule had ceased to
exist in the Senate and, therefore, it was
not necessary now to adop ( t it.
"They will arise again," remarked Platt.
WASHINGTON, May 5.— Quite unex
pectedly a lively debate was precipitated
to-day at the first business session of the
Senate of the Fifty-seventh Congress ;
Promptly at noon Vice" President Roose- :
velt stepped briskly to his desk. At the;
conclusion of the reading of the Journal
McLaurln of Mississippi and Nelson of
Minnesota were. sworn in. Platt of Con
necticut then gave notice of an amend
ment to the Senate rules which he pro
posed to offer to-morrow. - The proposition
is one to limit debate upon any bill or
resolution to "reasonable limits," in order
that the majority of the body may be abler
to do business in the Senate.
.... *
Connecticut • Senator Will
Try to Have Limit Placed .
on Speeches.
SEEKS TO CURB
THE ORATORS
NO fairer spring day than yester
day could have been made to
order for the benefit of the visit
ing Mystic Shriners wbo came
from the bllzzard-swept plains
of the East an-1 other places. The Shrin
ers might not be able to tell exactly the
point to which the mercury rose, but Its.
height was nothing to the degree of en
joyment that the visitors felt.
Starting from the Palace Hotel shortly
after 10 o'clock in the morning, a pro
cession of tally-hos, brakes, coupes and
other vehicles made a tour of the town. •
The caravan, after leaving ' the hotel,
traversed Post street until Van Ness ave-;
nue was reached. Swinging round the
bend to the Presidio all bowled merrily
along.
Some of the visiting Shriners had lorg
nettes, some had cameras, and others!
eye glasses. As the vehicles rounded the
Presidio bluffs every glass was leveled in :
in endeavor to locate the sunken Rio.
Some of the pleasure-seekers were tempt
ed to dive into their back-pockets,- but:
were restrained until they reached 'the
HELENA. March 5.— The session of the
Montana Legislature will expire at mid
night Thursday and as yet there is no
break in the Senatorial deadlock. Thomas
H. Carter received tho solid P.epubllcan
vote. H. L. Frank of Butte has the high
est fusion vote, ¦with "\V. G. Conrad of
Great Falls second. Four or five others
received a few votes each. The general
opinion is that there will be no election.
Montana Deadlock Continues.
police, who charge him ¦with being the
Capitcl Hill "slugger" and the man re
sponsible for the death of three women,
went violently insane last nieht and now
Is a raving maniac. He has been kept
in solitary confinement for the past week
on the advice of insanity experts, who
'eald that If he were guilty solitude would
wring a confession from him. Early this
morning the warden of the jail found him
trying at the bars of th«» cell and scream
ing at the top of his voice.
Chief of Detectives Armstrong was sum
moned and enieavore't by questioning to
elicit gome information about the crime
with which Cowan is charged, but did not
Fucceod. Cowan attacked Armstrong and
but for the latter'? agility would have
done him great injury. All night long
Cowan pounded en tils cell walls and
screamed for help. Hp Imagined that a
mob of women was trying to get Into hia
cell and constantly entreated the Jailer
to take them away.
Man Suspected of Grave Crimes in
¦ Denver Loses Rsason and Will
Not Confess.
DENVER. Colo.. March 5.-Albert Cow
an, who is held in the City Jail by the
SOLITARY CONFINEMENT
MAKES HIM A MANIAC
influence witl\ the army, and a Governor
of a northern province who is popular
with the Americans, are spoken of as
possible successors to Diaz.
Each is ambitious to become President
and both belong to the alleged secret so
cifty. The base of supplies for the rebels
v.:!l be the border States of the United
States, and preparations are now being
made for an open campaign. To this end
those friends, of the Government holdiner
important ports under Diaz along the
northern Rio Grande frontier and in the
army are being systematically removed
by the use of Influence in high official cir
cles, and the conspirators, according to
the correspondent, are laying their plans
w*»ll for the final coup and open revolt.
It is presumed that the statement rela
tive to the removal of influential friends
of Diaz along the Rio Grande border has
reference to Senor Francisco Mallea, the
Mexican Consul at El Paso, and oth;»\s
who have recently b<?en ordered to oth^r
pr>5=tP.
The same correspondent who contrib
uted the letter to El Progresista published
the statement in the stame paper some
time ago which sai:l: "In one week from
to-day an attempt will be made to as
sassinate President Diaz." His prediction
proved to be correct.
As President Diaz Is a thirty-third de
gree Mason it is probable the statement
made that Masons are connected with the
society organized to overthrow him Is in
exact.
ing.
A high minister of the Government who
holds authority under Diaz and has great
lsta, a well-known Spanish paper of th'.a
city, which Is edited .by L. Aguirre; con
tains an extravagant and probably unre
liable letter from a Mexico correspondent
In its last issue which breathes of revo
lution and conspiracy in the republic to
the Bouth. Editor Ajsuirre himself was
once accused of inciting a revolt in Mex
ico and since then has been living quietly
In this city, safe from ail harm. The
startling disclosure contained In the letter
concerns President Diaz
The correspondent says the chief exec
utive Is being slowly poisoned by members
el a powerful patriot secret society,
which was formed to combat the clergy
and overthrow those In authority who aid
and encourage the clerical party. The
President is accused of sympathy with
tlie church and of secretly assisting the
clerical?, and it is assorted that the cler
ics have gained too much Influence
through President Diaz for the good of
the country.
The Fecret society Is said to Include
many high officials throughout the coun
try and a large number of Masons who
use the Mexican ritual. The society is
declared to be working quietly but surely
toward the overthrow of the present re
gime, and the time for the revolt, the
correspondent asserts, is fast approach-
EL PASO. Texas, March 5.— El Progres-
Epecl&l Dispatch to The Call.
Sensational Letter Tells 0!
t&e Existence of a
Gigantic Plot. .
Alleged Conspiracy to
Take the Life
of Diaz,
REVOLUTION
THE RUMOR
IN MEXICO
Referring to the criticism of himself
published In the Russian Commercial and
Industrial Gazette because he had not re
garded German agriculture as a negligible
quantity, the Chancellor said it was the
right and duty of every government to
give all the concessions It could without
prejudicing the Interests of its country.
But appreciation of ¦ these Interests did
not imply hostility against "our hereto
fore, and I hope, our future commercial
friends. I hope we shall come to an un
derstanding in this respect. But here
again the basis can only be complete re
ciprocity and the independence of our own
country.".
The Chancellor proceeded to remark
'thatiif he directed his course In accord
ance with foreign criticism it would not
Imply friendship, but vassalage.
"Regarding the decorating of Lord Rob
erts with the Order of the Black Eagle
that was solely a matter for the King of
Prussia to decide. It Is a question of the
constitutional, personal prerogative of the
crown. ) Lord Roberts is not a political
personage. Therefore the distinction con
ferred is one of no political importance.
"Regarding Russia I am fully convinced
that one of the foremost endeavors of our
policy is to cultivate the most friendly
and most neighborly relations. I am firm
ly convinced that German-Russian in
terests go side by side In most matters
and there Is no point where with mutual
good will prevailing our interests • need
cross. There is no antagonistic sea part
ing the two empires 'which cannot be
bridged. But here also we require equal
ity. Germany Is no more dependent on
foreign countries than they are dependent
on us."
Of No Political Importance.
"I observed two months ago," said the
Chancellor, "and I repeat to-day, that
nothing is changed In our relations with
Great Britain since I declared In the
Reichstag that we were ready and willing
to live -in peace, friendship and unity
with Great Britain on the basis of mutual
consideration and absolute equality. If.
therefore, the Emperor by his presence
and demeanor In England opened the way
for a continuance of such normal good
relations It Is advantageous to the two
countries. No doubt there are many
bore points between the two countries, but
at the same time there are numerous and
necessary points of contact
them. Good, neighborly relations are re
quired In both countries,* and there Is no
political reason why we should not culti
vate relations with Great Britain in as
careful a way as the other powers do.
The accession of the new sovereign will
not change the relations of Germany and
Great Britain. Perhaps there have been
people who hoped that the change would
exercise an unfavorable Influence, but
these expectations have not been realized,
which also is advantageous to the two
powers and to general peace.
"Herr Schaedler said the Emperor's
visit violated our neutrality toward the
South African war. and I have also seen
parallels drawn of the Emperor's visit to
England and the non-reception of Presi
dent Kruger In Berlin. The parallels are
not correct. The avowed object of Presi
dent Kruger's projected journey to Berlin
was to compel us. in an unusual manner,
to interfere in the South African com
plications, whereas his Majesty's visit to
England has nothing to do with the South
African war. I deny In the most em
phatic manner that the Emperor acted In
any way contrary to the Interests of the
country In accepting and responding to
attentions.
Relations Not Changed.
The statement of the Chancellor was
made during the debate on the foreign
estimates. Herr Schaedler, In putting his
question, asserted that dissatisfaction was
rife in Germany and that the country de
sired Information regarding the political
significance of the. Emperor's visit to
Kngland and the effect of the accession
cf the new sovereign. King Edward. The
decoration of Lord Roberts with the Or
der of the Black Eagle, he further as
serted, caused wide dissent. The Ger
mans were afraid that a hyper-friendly
policy toward Great Britain would create
enemies for Germany on the Continent.
The speaker wanted to know, therefore,
how Germany stood In relation to the
other powers, especially the power3 of
the Dreibund. The tie with Russia must
not be touched.
The Chancellor laid emphasis on the
noblo impulse actuating the Emperor and
the desire of the German Government
that It might be vouchsafed to Germany
and Great Britain to work In peace and
for peace.
BERLIN, March 5.— Replying to a ques
tion of Herr Schaedler (Centrist) In the
Reichstag to-day on the subject of Em
peror William's recent visit to England,
the Imperial Chancellor, Count von Bu
low, declared the visit was neither of a
political nor of a courtly character, but
was purely of a humane character. The
Emperor merely hastened to the deathbed
Of his grandmother. It Is easy to under
stand that the act evoked the gratitude of
Great Britain and aroused there a. desire
for peaceful and friendly relations. This
wish was shared by Germany, a full
equality of rights between the German
and British nations being, of course, a
condition sine qua non.
Chancellor Objects to the Par
allel in WWcli Kruger
Figures.
Explains William's
Visit to Great
Britain.
VON BULOW
DEFENDS THE
KAISER'S ACT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1901.
Miss McCormlck Is the daughter of
William McCormlck and elster of Miss
Evelyn McCormlck, the well-known artist.
Mr. Poindexter Is the »on of P. H. Poin-
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE"
Fop the Cui-s 0! Gonorrhoea, Gle«ta.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of tho Orftans 0$ Generation.
Price fl a bottle. For sala by druss^at*.
visit OR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF AHATOaY
£fe ;10a]U22X7ST.Ute>JU?!*,ir.C&
Cj The Lar*e« AouoBicsl Musetun is the
iJ^A^.. Wofid. KatiRw or any conmctea
IKS'WjW c!:kik p«>lt!«<>lr raradh; »e oldnt
Jw CO Specialist ca the Couc Esc 36 you*.
&V8#h C3.-J0RDAfr-PSJVATE DISEASES
i^Ti^ia Coamimtion fr»« »nd itrfctiy prira:e
K X*Smfl Trtirment {M-rionally or bj letter. A,
fl CrfflW /««.«» Crrtln e»ery c«*eundirtak«a. '
fla hR wr-K, for Book. r«»a.o«oi»»mir«f,
I a . Ill aSABMlAOB, MAILSO FKXB. gA<
Q /I ' tatuatx* book for am)
OH. JTOBDAN A CO . KOI MarSnt St-.S. F. '
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
Jr till COV X- Ctt ** Battery Street.
• W- WJLOlM a WU-. Telephone Main 1S6L
COPPERSMITH.
CUT CM1TH Eh'P Flumblnsr. Steamboat and.
•IT* 5 .'11 ill. Bhip Work a «peclalty.l6 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5*41.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tiC P(iVPC£r<l Shipping: Butchers, 104
JA5- DV I E> tt WU- day. Tel. Main 1234.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
IOC California PABTDIflfiP Telegraph*
Street. laaiaHlUI* Codes.
PRINTERS. EO-KB1NDER5. ?
THE HICKS-JITDD CO.. f^W
;. a Flrat Street. San FrancWy
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
ODTTCXJ17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
UKUbiifcfc ss^raajaS- i.%
brewers, bookbinders, ¦ candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters.- shoe factories*, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers.' tanners, tailors, etc
L.UBRICATTNO OILS. LEOJf ARD ft E1XI3.
41S Front St.. S. P. Phone Main 1713.
PRINTING.
E. C. HUGHES, m fcESJ 1^:*-. ,.
March
Apr/7 May
This heading suggests the time for the
whole family to take a Spring Medi-
cine, also the only one to . take —
Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It removes every impurity, every after-
grip weakness and poison, cures
9 even the most stubborn Scrofula and
Salt Rheum — as proved by thou-
., 5 sands of testimonials— sharpens the
appetite, tones the stomach and
/ nerves. . '¦'- -.
In short, it's the best medicine - ever
made for Spring conditions.
It is the best possible for you to take
\ this Spring, yet '. a bottle and have
the whole family begin taking it to-
iday.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Is.the Best Medicine Money Can Buy.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treat meitf is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase,
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden Seal
and fruit acids. Those tablets can now
be' found at all drug stores under the
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and
not belntr a patent medicine, can be used
with perfect safety and assurance that
healthy appetite and thorough digestion
will follow their regular use after meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher. Chicago, 111., writes:
"Catarrh Is a local condition resulting
from a neglected cold in the head, where-
by the lining membrane of the nose be-
comes inflamed and the poisonous dis-
charge therefrom passing 1 backward into
the throat reaches the stomach, thus pro-
ducing catarrh of the stomach. Medical
authorities prescribed for me for three
vears for catarrh of stomach without
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of men
after using: inly one box of. Stuart's
Dyspepsia tablets. I cannot find appro-
fricte words to express my good feeling.
have found flesh, appetite and sound
rest from their use." *
Stuart'* Dj'Fpepsla Tablets Is the safest
preparation as well as the simplest and
most convenient reroeds* for any form of.
Indigestion, catarrh of stomach, bilious-
ness, Bour Etomach, heartburn and bloat-
ing after meals.
Bend for Uttle book; mailed free, on
Ftomach troubles, by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich. The tablets
can be found at all drug stores.
Th<* cure for this common and obstinate
tiouble is found in a treatment which
causes the food in be readily, thoroughly
digested before it has time to ferment and
irritate the delicate mucous surfaces of
the Btomach. To secure a prompt and.
hoalthy digestion is the one "necessary
thing to do and when normal digestion is
secured the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared. •
Catarrh of the Ftomaeh has long been
considered the next thing to Incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or bloating;
rensation after eating, accompanied some-
times with sour or watery risings, a for-
mation of gases, causing pressure on the
heart and lungs and difficult breathing,
headaches, tickle appetite, nervousness
and a general played out. languid feeling.
There Is often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tongue and if the interior of the
stomach could b« seen it would show a
pllmy. Inflamed condition.
fectual Cure for It.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and Ef-
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
AD VERTISEMEUTS.
j^*mx iihiiiiiii mi
B Dependable Drugs i
Delivery
Free ioo
Miles I
I £5 orders — drugs, medicines,
B toilet articles, etc., delivered free to
1 railroad points within I oo miles of
9 San Francisco.
a Club together and send money
a with the order. ;
1 Kilt the Gophers. Use I
| Strychnine, oz. bottle, 75c; ; .
I Swamp Root 40c \
I ?i 'Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c .
9 Scott's Emulsion 75c !
I Swift's Specific 75c
A Ayres' Hair Vigor 75c
R Paine's Celery Compound 75c
a Pierce's Remedies 75c
1 Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
3 Castoria • 25c
5 Kirk's Irish Moss 25c 5
1 Piso Cough Cure 20c
1 _/ wy 1128 Marriet Street
|| San Francisco ¦ f
I lOth and Broddway Oakland
V , iiimiiniM^CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 5.— Nutt's divorce bill
passed the Senate to-day. • The bill forbids
the „ granting of a ; divorce | In- California
upon grounds not sufficient for a decree
In the State where the cause arose.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 5.— The amendment pro
posed to * the ; Horton law In Senate bill
450 by Senator Leavitt was defeated In the
Assembly to-day. By this amendment
any proprietor, lessee or manager of an
opera-house, theater. - racetrack or fair
might exclude from admission any person
"who maliciously and with Intent to I In
jure or degrade any person on, or officer
of, such racecourse does, or threatens to
do, any act which tends to injure or de
grade any person onr or officer mp such
racecourse, may be" excluded from any
such place of amusement or entertain
ment." The vote was 3 ayes to 62 noes.
Senate Passes Nutt's Bill.
Sustains the Horton Law.
Now — B*l8haw. Bettman, Byrnes, Davis,
Devlin, CJreenwell, Lardner, Leavitt, Luchsln
ger. Oneal. Selvage, Shortridge, Sims. Smith
of Kern. Smith of Los Angeles. Tyrrell of Ne
vada. Tyrrell of San Francisco, Welch and
Wolfe— 19.
Absent— Caldwell, Goad, Iloey, Maggard
Pace, Plunkett .and Simpson.
This will keep the commission going for
two years more. i ' .
Ayes— Ashe, Burnett, Corlett, Currier, Cur
tin. Cutter, Flint, Laird. Lukens Muenter
Xelson. Nutt, Rowell and Taylor— 14.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 5.— The Code Commission
had an unpleasant half hour In the Sen
ate to-night when Taylor's bill to repeal
the act under which It exists came up for
final passage. The bill was defeated by
the following vote:
Ensuing Two Years.
Senate Votes to Continue It for tho
Johnson said that Indorsement of party'
principles was much more fundamental
than a declaration of intention to support
the. men who happened to be nominated.
He claimed that the committee provision
was not a test at all of party affiliation,
and he quoted from Justice Temple's
opinion in the case of Britton vs. The
Election Commissioners to show that his
test, making party principles fundamen
tal, was In line with the thought of the
Supreme Court.
The amendment was adopted by a large
affirmative vote.
CODE COMMISSION IS SAFE.
Treadwell declared his belief that any
test that could be established by the Leg
islature would be declared unconstitu
tional by the Supreme Court. Of the two
tests under consideration he favored the
Johnson amendment as the- leas objection
able of the two evils.
primaries many good citizens who would
not be willing to take oath that they
would support the party's nominees. He
held that any law which tended to drive
away the better class of citizens from the
primaries was a bad law.
HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
/T ' MENTO, March o.-^After fighting:
(I for most of the mornlnsr session
N^b^ over Assembly bill 793, the primary
election bill, and after having
amended It In some of Its most important i
features, the Assembly to-day passed that
measure to engrossment and third read-
Ing. The bill Is made a special order for
to-mororw morning, and Us final passage
at that time Is probable, although more
amendments and further delay are pos
sible. But If It be passed and sent to the
Senate, In amended form, a prolonged
contest may be expected there, for the
reason that the Senators of the Commit
*tee on Election Law^will make a harder
fight for the provisions agreed upon In
Joint committee than did the members of
the Assembly Committee on Election
Laws. At the same time the. Assembly
will have to thrash over the amendments
made to the Senate bill. \
New Test of Party Fealty.
Upon motion of Johnson this morning
an amendment providing an entirely dif
ferent text of party affiliation from the ,
one embodied In the committee bill waa <
adopted.' The test agreed upon by the
committee was as follows:
The voter thereby declares as a test of his
right to vote a bona fide present Intention of
supporting the nominees of such political party*
or organization at the next ensuing election;
and any voter may be challensed and his right
to vote may be withheld unless he will make
oath or affirmation as to the bona fide present
Intention to support the nominees of tbe con
vention to which delegates are to be so elected
for such political party or organization. He
may likewise be challenged for any cause that
would disqualify a voter at a general election.
If not challenged, or if the challenge, be over
ruled or withdrawn, he shall receive from the
ballot clerk a ballot having tbe designation
and heading of the political party whose name
was written on such roster, by or for him.
and ho may bo permitted to prepare and vote
the same.
Johnson's amendment strikes out- all' of
this test to the clause providing for chal
lenge for any cause that would disqualify
a voter at a general election. The test
the amendment provides is as follows: .
The ballot clerk shall then ask him this
question and none other: "Do you Indorse the
principles of the party which you have named,
according to tha most recent declaration of
Its principles by the highest authority In that
party?" Upon an affirmative answer being
given to the question by htm. and not other
wise, he shall be furnished one of the offi
cial ballots containing the name of the party
so named by him, and permitted to vote there
on; and be shall not be permitted to vote any
other party ballot at that election.
The amendment leaves out the "oath or
affirmation" clause and makes Indorse
ment of party principles the test Instead
of the • assertion of a "bona fide present
Intention" to 6upport the nominees of the
party. '
Amendment Is Argued. -
Macbeth, Sheridan and Carter defended
the committee test. Laird supported the
Johnson amendment.' He declared that the
committee test would keep away from the
rived in San Francisco In January. They
had trailed the offender and the woman
across the continent, but could not locate
them. As soon as Conlin came to the
coast he took the name of O'Rell and for
a time remained under cover. He became
interested In the prizefighting business,
and the job he had was training "ICid"
McFadden. the pugilist, in Alameda. On
February 12 the Inspectors and Detective
Torn Ryan of the local department re
ceived the Information that the much
wanted thief was In this city, and since
that time they have worked hard to land
him behind prison bars. They trailed him
by means of the woman, and recently as
certained his connection with McFadden.
The detectives went to Alameda. where
the training quarters are located, but
failed to find him. Last night they caught
him in a lodging-house at 431 Fourth
street and took him to the City Prison,
where his name was placed on the detinue
book. . •
* Conlin claims that he has two wealthy
uncles in California and that he has been
a black, sheep In a highly respected East
ern family. Ife has a" youthful appear
ance, but bears all the earmarks of dissi
pation. His manner Is pert, and he re
fused to say much about his case. To the
detectives, however, -he admitted his guilt
and told the entire story of the theft. He
paid that he had not realized more than
{300 on the stolen mall matter, but refused
to say where the remainder of his plunder
ceuld be found. He had an accomplice,
and on this point he is also silent: but he
Intimated that his "pal" In crime was not
on the coast.
Mrs. Conlin, the thief's deserted wife. Is
at the present time trying to secure a
divorce. The officers will return to New
York with their prisoner as soon as the
necessary requisition papers can be se
cured.
Special Dispatch, to The Call
JOSEPH A. CONLIN. alias Joseph
CyRell. a postal clerk, who robbed
the XTnited States mails of $40,000
In Xew York Citv on October 15 of
last year, Is behind prison bars in
this city. He was captured last nieht by
Detective Tom Ryan aud Inspectors C. C.
James and J. E. Jacobs, the two latter
officers being: connected with the Eastern
district. The prisoner made a complete
confession, but failed to say where aiv
of the stolen property might be recovered.
Another man, an accomplice, is Btlll at
large, but it is not believed that he is in
San Francisco.
On Monday. October 13. the postal au
thorities of. the American metropolis were*
startled by the bold theft of a registered
mail pouch from Branch Station H. The
pouch contained $40,000 in coin, bonds and
coupons ' end 143 registered letters. In
spectors were detailed ' on the : case and
soon obtained their .uret evidence Impli
cating Conlin, who was a clerk, 23 years
of age. ¦¦•.¦¦ '•¦:¦ ' ¦ ".--¦'-;: .
On Tuesday Conlin grained an inklinif
that the long finger of suspicion was be-
ing pointed in his direction and, rushing
out through a back door. Hie made his e* ¦
cape from the building. Nothing more was
seen of the clerk in Xew York and the
detectives started for th* West.
While Conlin wa.s living with his wif.»
and two children at 31S East Thirty-second
street he was keeping- company with Miss
Sarah Donnolly of Brooklyn. 'XV'hen he
fled from the postal bunding: he Immedi
ately sought out this girl and they flei
together. Since then they have lived, to
gether.
Postal Inspectors James and Jacobs ar- ¦
PRIMARY ELECTIONS BILL
GOES TO THIRD READING
Assembly Tacks on Amendments and Fight
. Is Promised in Senate.
HTJELS HIS PARTNER
DOWN A MINE SHAIT
Bomance Beginning in Italy Ends in
Attempted Murder in the
the Klondike.
SEATTLE. March 5.— An Interesting
story of love, revenge and attempted mur-
der.is told in a recent issue of the Dally
Alaskan. Sunny Italy was the birthplace
of the romance, which ended with pas
sion in bleak Alaska.
Plo Crossettc, an Italian, deliber
ately hurled a fellow countryman
named Stephen Giovanni down a
39-foot shaft on claim No. 19, Bo
nanza, on February 11. ' The victim
of the murderous assault was badly
bruised, but did not sustain serious In
juries. In explanation of his act, Cros
sette told between sobs a story which had
its beginning In a little village- under the
shadows of the snow-capped Alps.
In this village Crossette and Giovanni
both wooed the same dark-eyed beauty.
Giovanni was the successful suitor and
led the girl to the altar. Years sped on
and In accordance with Biblical admoni
tions young Giovanni appeared on the
scene. After four heirs had been born.
Giovanni deserted wife and children and
came to the United States.
After blacking boots for a year or so In
Hoboken, he joined the westward tide
and eventually landed in the Klondike.
There, as chance had it, he met his old
time rival. They renewed acquaintance,
burled the hatchet and formed a partner
ship.
Recently Giovanni received a letter
bearing the news that his wife had died
of sorrow, privation and hard work. The
ruin of the woman he had loved preyed
upon the mind of Crossette until he
sought, revenge In an attempt to murder
Giovanni. •¦ "^
DYING IN POVERTY.
William Buckley, the "Stage King,"
Xear the End of Life's Journey.
SAN JOSE, March 5.— "William Buckley,
an old pioneer and stageman. Is dying In
poverty in this city, and only the charity
of friends Is keeping him from want. He
la nearly 70 years of age.
In the early sixties Buckley was known
all over the coast as the "Stage King."
He owned linea of stages running up and
down the coast and as far east as Utah.
The coming of the railways drove him
from business and he retired with a for
tune. He Invested heavily in lands and
was considered a millionaire. Reverses
came and he. lost all. For the past few
years he has eked out an existence by do
ins odd jobs. This afternoon friends
made up a purse and had him removed
to a sanitarium.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 5.— The passage of the
Big Basin bill, appropriating $250,000 for
the establishment of a redwood park, now
seems assured so far as the Assembly la
concerned. A written agreement has been
entered into between H. L. Middleton,
President of the Big Basin Lumber Com
pany, and "William T. Jeter, as trustee cf
the Sempervirens Club, which has re
moved the objections of those who are op
posing the measure, and Ralston, the lead
er of the opposition, announced this after
noon In the Assembly that he would give
the bill his support.
The agreement, entered into on March
4, gives the Sempervirens Club an option
on 2500 acres of the Big Basin, with tho
timber thereon, at the stipulated price of
1230,000, the payments to be made annually
in sums of $50,000, beginning January 1.
1902, and ending January 1, 1906. The
agreement was received to-day by Andrew
P. Hill of San Jose, who has been look
ing out for the Interests of the bill, to
gether with a letter from Middleton. say
ing tMat it had been drawn in accordant
with suggestions by himself, Father
kenna and Mr. Ralston. /
The measure is now on third reading in
the Assembly. It probably will be rushed
to final passage and sent to the Senate
and there placed on the special urgency
file. ,'
Gives the Sempervirens Club an Op
. tion on the Land, With Pay
ments at Extended
Intervals.
Agreement Satisfactory to
Opposition Legislators
Is Reached.
BIG BASIN TREES
WILL BE SPARED
" SAN JOSE. March 5.— The victory of
the millmen In their strike at San Fran
cisco has extended to Santa Clara, and
the Pacific Manufacturing Company there
inaugurated the eight and a half hour
schedule this morning. The Pacific mill
Is in the mill-owners' - combine, and they
agreed to abide by the result of the set
tlement. It Is expected the San Jose
mills will adopt the same schedule. .
Shorter Hours for Millmen.
CAX.L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 5.— The blanket coyote
scalp bill passed the Assembly this after
noon and now goes to the Governor. By
the bill $287,615 Is appropriated. From tha't
sum all claims properly passed upon by
the Superior Courts of the counties are to
be paid.
Coyote Scalp Bill Passes.
"When I got that note signed 'Colonel
Mazuma,' asking me to come to the office
of the sergeant-at-arms of the " Senate,"
Kincaid said. "I lost my temper. I am
sorry to say It, but I did. I came here de
termined to be a good t>oy, but I got mad
and I went out to find the fellow who
wrote the note and whip him. I did go to
the offlc* of the sergeant-at-arms of the
Senate, but the only man I saw there was
a man I knew."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 5. — Kincaid spoke In the
Assembly to a question of personal privi
lege this afternoon regarding The Call's
account of his search for "Colonel Ma
zuma" yesterday. He said he had been
misrepresented, as he knew about "Colo
nel Mazuma," even if he was from the
timber.
"Colonel Mazuma."
Assemblyman Explains Sis Quest of
ZDICAID WANTED TO FIGHT.
It was supposed that the name of Har
nev's successor would be- submitted to
the Senate at this session, but that was
before Oneal's bill had gathered In the
attention of the people. That bill en
ables the Governor to fill a vacancy oc
curlng during the recess of the Legis
lature by reason of the expiration of the
Incumbent's term. Under the old. law a
real vacancy did # not exist on the expira
tion of a term of office, but by Oneal's
bill that difficulty will be removed, for
the Governor will hardly veto such a bill.
In the event that the bill becomes a law,
the Governor need eend no names at all to
the Senate and he can appoint good men
and true as he pleases, and men who will
bear their part of the scheme, the heav
iest part of which Is credited to Curry.
Oneal's Bill an Aid.
of the party In the city and make every
thing ready for the killing.
Harney's term will expire within a
month, and so. if the plan be carried out,
Curry will have a good year in which to
1 do It. In the meantime his present of
fice can be waiting for him and he can
have the Governor's help to get back Into
it when the timVcomes.
The plan is feasible and no wilder than
many that have not miscarried. Parker
says he knows nothing- of any proposed
appointment for him, but he eays he
would like to see the report come true.
Curry eays he Is satisfied to stay where
he Is. his own master, instead of becom
ing one of three Harbor Commissioners
and not even president of the board. But
there Is enough in the story to bring E.
J. Smith, who thought he was winning
the vacancy in a walk, to Sacramento,
and to enable him to anticipate questions
by denving that he knows anything about
"that Harbor Commissioner deal." He is.
not so confident as he -was.
Secretary of State to Be Appointed
Harbor Commissioner in Return
for Promised Political Services
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March S— There Is something
brewing ever the successor to P. J. Har
r.ey In the Board of State Harbor Com
rrJ.slcners and despite denials the detail*
of m. plan to appoint Charles F. Curry,
the Secretary of State, to the place are
being persistently discussed.
Last week the report was out that
Curry was to have the place and Curry
said at the tine that he would sooner
keep the Jcb he hae, but the report has
crepped up again and with It comes an
other that Waiter Parker of Los Angele*.
expert of the State Board of Examiners,
is to b« made Curry's successor. And the
reason given for it ail Is that the next
delegation from San Francisco to the Re
publican State Convention may be solid
fcr Gage for Governor.
To Trim Political Lamps.
"With t.he experiences of the Bums' cam
paign to look beck upon, the Governor's
friends are not over-confident of what the
San Francisco delegation will do at th<t
next convention, and the opposition
shown to eome of the Governor's
measures in this Legislature has made
mere apparent the necessity for some one
* ho knows the game to be on the ground
«arly and keep the Governor's political
l-rr.ps trimmed and burning, so that Is
why the report that Curry had promised
Co deliver the delegation on time and la
shape started.
The plan as outlined !s that Curry shall
£•> back to the city as a State Harbor
'."ommissior.er. reslgningr his position as
Secretary of State, and that he. with KU
bum. shall lay the pipes ad pull the wires
to the extent the board will allow. And
Corty is to go further. He Is to watch all
contending forces and reconcile all wings
SUTRO PROTESTS IN VAIN.
School Salaries Bill Is Passed toTMrd
Beading.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS SACRA
MENTO, March 5.— Sutro made a deter
trined effort this afternoon to defeat
Eenate bill 164 In the Assembly. This Is
the measure fixing the salaries of the
deputy superintendents of schools la Ean
Francisco at 13000 per year. Sutro sought
to have the enacting: clause stricken out.
but his amendment was defeated and the
Lill was sent to engrossment and third
reading.
Sutro explained In defense of his amend
ment that the bill was simply a means
to have the Legislature settle a dispute
between the Ean Francisco Board oi Ed
ucation and Superintendent Webster. He
arpued that the Board of Education was
in a better position than the Legislature
to linow what salary should be paid dep
uty superintendents.
Kisk paid that for some reason the
Board of Education had fixed the salary
of deputy superintendents at J1SO0, or less
than vice principals received- It was In
adequate and the only remedy was re
course to the Legislature.
Schlessinger and G'Jllfoyle each called
attention to the fact that but one mem
h*r of the San Kra.neisco delegation was
¦ p po^ed to the bill. Bauer and Brown of
Ean Mateo also a?oke against Sutro's
amendment.
Slot Machine Amendment I.oses.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 5.— In the Senate to-day
th<> Judiciary Committee amendment to
th*> plot-machine bill was defeated by an
overwhelming- vote. The amendment made
th<> bill operative or.ly against those ma
c!-.!r.^s which pay money.
PLAN TO PUT CURRY
IN HARNEY'S PLACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1901.
Joseph A. Conlin, Who Rifled a Regis
tered Letter Pouch in New York of
¦ $40,000, Is Captured in This City
DARING MAIL THIEF
BEHIND PRISON BARS
XEW POSTAL CLERK NOW UNDER ARREST IN THIS CITY,
CHARGED WITH ROBBING THE IGNITED STATES MAILS LAST OC
TOBER OF 540,000. HE CONFESSED HIS CRIME.
3
Special Bjspatch to The Call.
B. KATSCBINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
BHrtfflfi|ffH^J Srtoe
LATEST FAD OF SOCIETY
Military Heels.
"Well-dressed ladles' always look
carefully after their footwear, for
they recognize the fact that an 111-
flttlng shoe will spoil their appear-
ance. Here Is the latest style.
Ladles' Vlci Kid Lace Shoes, with
fancy front stay, coin toes and pat-
ent leather tips, full quarters and
military heels. The price has been
reduced from $3.00 to $2.35 as a spe-
cial bargain. All widths and sizes.
The military heel Is made of leath-
er, but is a couple of lifts higher
than the low heels and Is carefully
and artlsttcally trimmed.
OUR STORE, while centrally lo-
cated, is not on Market street, and
we therefore have low rents and
can afford to sell cheaper than our.
competitors. That Is why we can
give such good values. For In-
stance, our Gloria $3.50 Shoe for la-
dles, manufactured by Governor
PIngree, Is equal In value to any.
$5.00 shoe sold in this city. We have
the Gloria in sixty different styles.
We call our customers" attention
to the fact that we close at 6 p. m.
on week days and 11 p. m. on Sat-
urday. • »
PHILADELPHIASHOE GO;
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
/I TVT7"T i r R -TTSTrM KM'lTf,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. , Steamers Ieav« Broadway
**" wharf. Saa Francisco:
W-y-, For Ala*ka.i Port!>— 11 a. m..
n?3w^ March 2. 7, 12. IT. a. V. April
kSTTWTB^ L Chaasra to company a
ISk ¦Stf^gKa t»>nfn a: ?eattl-.
SZ&Sffl Ml For Victoria, Vancouver CO.
SBSSKjS&I C-), Port TCTrssend. Seattl».
,^^*'^B§5frM\ Tacoraa, Everett. Anacort'j
11 a. in. . March J. 7. 13. IT.
H. r:. April 1. and every flftn day thereafter.
> Chans* at Seattle far this company's steamers)
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattto or Ta-
corna to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Rr-
For Enreka. Hnmbotft Bay— S p. a.. Karen
4. >. 14. 19. :«, 29, -April j, and every fifta 6ay
thereafter.
For Saa IHeso. stopping caly at Banta Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An»
geles)— Steamer Queen. VTedaesdaya, J a. m.:
¦teamer Santa Room. Snnda.ys. 9 a. zn.
For Santa Crax. Monterey. San Slssaoa. Cay-
ncos. Port Harford (Pia Lots Obispo). Gavt-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Haeaeme, 8aji
Pedro, East San Pedro (Lem Angeles) act
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays. J a, o. :
Steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Mardalena Bay, Saa Jm» 4sf
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. 1a Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Gtnymas <Mn.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each montX
For farther Information octaia company's;
folders.
The company reserves tfe« right to ehaar*
steamers, sailing date* and hoars of saillsf
without pr#vtotis notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New MonUamary
street fPalace Hotel>.
GOODAIJU PERKHTS A CO.. Gea. A***-.
10 Market St.. 8an Francisco.
THE 0. R. & If. CO-
BTSPATCH FAST BTEAX3RS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at U a. a.
ranr $12 first Class Including Berth
lAnC Sd Second Class ood Meal».
COLUMBIA sails Mar. *. 14. 14, Apr. t
GEO. W. ELDER satis Mar. ». ». ». Apr. t
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
, — E. C. WARD, General Agent.
1 Montgomery it.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. "Xew
Zealand and Australia.
T..... Thursday. March 7, J p. in.
] S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
;....-. Wednesday. March H t p. n.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only> ..-I
Saturday. March IS. I p. m. '
i. O.SPRECXEIS k BEOS. CO., tesral lesnts. 327 -artst It
ta't Paatnpr flfla, 8<3 Martrt «U w la. 1, Msfc St
PANAMA fU, mm!
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. *10O: Steerage. $-lO.
5. S. St. Paul sails Thursday, 3tar. 7.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st., at 3 pw m.
Frelsht and pa«s«nrrer office. 330 Market sc
• F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACITIC 3TIAM-5AVIOATI0M CO. A5O
COUP ASIA BUD AJTJnUCAJA DI 71702Z3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. COLOMBIA £ arc 5 J- H2 1
S3 TUCAPEL. March 23. lJOt
SS. AREQUIPA -April 4. MCI
SS. LJMARI ......April 17. 1X1
At 12 m. from Section Z. Seawall.
These «teamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger wn-rtc*. (Xo
change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. «« California street.
BATjmiTR. OtTTTTRre A. CO.. A rents.
BAY AND RIVES STEAMERS.
* FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO.
Steadier "IMontfceilo.**
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Than, and ?tt. U I:U
a. m.. 3:13, S:S> p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 P. ra. and 1:30: Sundays, 19:30 a. m., I
p. m. Laadisg and office. Mission-street Dock.
FUr No. i Tslcphon* Mala . 1503.
Pain or dull acha In the back Is unmis-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It is
nature's timely warning to show you that
the track of health is not clear.
If these danger signal are unheeded
more serious results are sure to folTow:
Blight's disease, which Is the worst form
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.
The mild and tho extraordinary effect
of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It
stands tbe highest for 1.3 wonderful cure?
of the most distressing- casea. A trial will
convince any one— and you may have a
sample bottle for the asking.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours* forms a sediment or set-
Ume back is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble — one of many. Other symp-
toms showing that you need Swamp-Root
are, obliged to pass water often during the
day and to get up many times at night.
Inability to hold your urine, smartlns or
irritation in passing, bricicdust or sedi-
ment in the urine, catarrh of the bladder,
uric acid, constant headache, dizziness,
sleeplessness, nervousness, irregular heart
beating, rheumatism, bloating. Irritability,
wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss of
flesh, sallow complexion.
tHr.?, or has a cloudy appearance. It 1%
evidence" that your kidneys and. bladdsr
need Immediate attention.
In taking Swamp-Roct you afford natur-
al help to nature, for Swamp-Root is th3
most perfect healer and sentle aid to the
kidneys that 13 known, to medical science.
Swamp-Root Is the grer.t discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
derful success In both, sllsrht and severa
cases. Doctors recommend It to their pa-
tients and use it In their own families be-
cause they recognize in Swamp-Root th»
greatest and most successful remedy.
If you are alreadv convinced, that
Swamp-Root Is what you need you cai
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottl«a at drug stores. Don't
make any mistake, but remember the
name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address. Blngbamton. N. Y.
If you have the sllshtest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there Is a
trace of It In your family history, send at
once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Einshamton,
N. Y.. who ¦will gladly send you free oy
mall. Immediately, without cost to you, a
sample bottle of Swamo-Koot and a book
of wonderful Swamo-Root testimonial?.
Be sure to say that you read this gener-
ous offer In the San Francisco Daily Cail.
Do You .Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP- ROOT, the Great Kidney and
B adder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
DR;iyiE¥ERS&CO.
Specialists. Disease
and - 'weakness of
men. '¦ Established
1SSL ¦ Consultation
and: private book
free, at office or by
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. T31 Mar-
ket street (elevator
entrance), Saa
Francisco.
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET DP
WITH! LAME BACK?
OCEAJST TBAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l»[il!AVK\\WS|||||| .
|DR. PIEBBEJS EUPTRIG BELT;
¦ America Ahead of the World In Kectric*l Inrnv- '
? tiorat ETerjbody knows this! Onr n«w Body-'
t Battery, (O. 8. Patent) to itrfetly an American J
r inTentloa— TIIK Belt of the Century. It lends »2
' potrerfiU, rerersible cnrrent through the human 2
, body from Head to K««t. curing Chionte and 1
, XerVou* Diseases aad Wrakseuof Male or i" etna:* 4
> a» if by M»p.i:. So po»!tlTe are we that no other < 1
t belt Is tb* equal of " Dr. Fierce V that we win wml « 1
>lt U.N APPKOVAL. for comparison with anrbelf 1
£ now sold in America. " Seeing is lfeU«Tin£. . ; |
I NOTE.— We nerer send b*lt« "On Trial," there- - >
(fore in ordcrla? "Dr. Pierce'*" no risk Is ma of «i
f contracting skin »!•«•¦« or other Disorders by '<
•Using an appliance prrTlon«lr won br athrr*
• »er*oaa. rail, or iMM a Sc. « tamp for n«w "Booklet J
•Xo.r Address: PIKKCK KLKCJTRIC CO.!
[ins Brp.idwaj-. <near2Slh St.) New York. «
(Or 620 DIarket Street, San Francisco, t
y^w\. | vvvwwwvwwvwwwvw
I ijJfrjBP INJECTION.
A PERMANENT CURE
j 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gobottbcm
1 ' and Gleet, eaaranteed in from 3 to 6
1 I d&ri ; no other treatment required.
% 2 Sold by all druggists. •"
/ >m>.DEWtY.STR0MG&C0. |^5»V
¥ .*;patents1 J)
MARKET sF&fVSJS^
W. X. HESS.
S0TABT FU3LI0 AND ATT0BNBY-AT-L&V. "
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids'.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, £21 California St.. below Powell,
Ean Francisco.
:
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITff T0BS. 60CT3A»?T05. L05D0*. PA2I1
Stopping at Cherbourg;, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 19 a. m.
EL Louis ..Mar. 13lSt. Louis April 3
New York Mar. JO New York April 19
Vaderland Mar. JTlVaderland April «
RED STAR LINSi
New York and Antwtnk
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 Noca.
Westernland ...Mar. 131 Friesland April 3
Kenstneton .;..Mar. 20|Southwark ....April 10
Noordlaroi Mar. 27 1 Westernland ..April IT
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CUAS. D. TAYLOR. .General Aeent.
Pacific Const. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KIS1N KAISDA.
STEAMERS. WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n«r First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloco>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
> India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3. AMERICA MARTJ.. ..Friday. March 15k MCI
SS.'HONGKONG MARU.-Tuesday. April J. 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3, 1X1
.Round-trip tickets at r-duced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofOct.
4n Market street. corceT First.
w. II. AVERY. Genera! Agtat,
COXP AQKIS QSSKBALB TKAX8ATLA5TIQ172.
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
tailing every Thur3-iay, Instead of «|ffflTTT4
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier C. ¦^AlbQtl
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre, $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL AGEJfCT
FOR UXITED 8TATES and CANADA. »
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J
F. FUQAZI & CO., Pacific Cost Agents, S
Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco. - Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
i'"llliu t
If you are worried because your clothing I
bill is more than you care to pay, we can help 1
you. Help you first, by making your clothes at
lower prices without sacrificing quality; second,
by making a good, respectable suit to order for
$10 that will no doubt serve you as well as a
more expensive suit; third, by keeping the
clothes in repair free for a year.
Through helping San Franciscans to dress
wetl economically our custom-made depart-
ment has grown to be the largest on the Pacific I
Coast . I
Get samples of our-
$10 made=to=
order suits
We are generous with samples to interested
people.
- fr % x
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made
I through our self-measuring system; write for samples.
\ 718 Market Street and 13
I Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts. 11Great Saving to Woodland.
WOODLAND. Marr.i 5.— Governor Gagft
laRt wm-»i siFri«-d a hill authorizing cities
of the fifth <¦:*»«. to consolidate- certain
rnunicipal offices. The eij,y Trustees of
"Woodland read a Ft-cond time last nigh'
¦ n ordinance making cr-nwlJOations In ac
cordance with the provisions of the bill.
«h:'h will result In a *avinsr of 23 per
cent In yalaries. It is proposed to devoto
ih<» amount thus caved to the improve
ment of streets.
i m ¦
Woodland'6 Now Postmaster
V,'OODLAN'D. March 5.— Editor J. II.
I>ungan cf the Ma!i has received his ecm
xniseion a* p^>?t master, but the transfer
of the office will not lake pla<f until the
begurjlr.g of a new quarter. April L
CONFESSES WHEN NOOSE
ENCIRCLES HIS NECK
SEATTLE. March 5.— Nome came with-
in a hair's breadth of having a lynching
bee on November 4, when the . ringleader
of a gang of thieves was caught by J. C.
Brown and a few other citizens. Harry
Chester was the man who felt a rope
around his neck, and it had such' an elec
trifying effect upon him that he made a
complete confession. ¦ The vigilantes Im
mediately went after the remainder of the
gran?, and within a half hour had M. Co
hen, W. May and John Smith in jail. All
of the prisoners were subsequently held
for trial on charges of grand larceny. In
default of . $2000- bonds each, they were
committed to Jail. • • ,.•
Th6 men had been operating -on a Iarire
scale and were living in luxurious style
on the proceeds of their nefarious calling
Chester at first denied all knowledge of
the crimes laid at hlsdoor. Finally his
captors became impatient and produced a
rope, which was carefully looped over hia
neck.
Secured in this manner, Chester was
¦marched .'toward the nearest scantlinj?
Soon his courage deserted him and he told
how he and his gang had been stealing
right and left. At first he refused to tell
the names of hia confederates, but when
the rope was pulled a little tighter he
changed his mind and gave the informa
tion. k \
PORTLAND. March 5.— R. B. Cornell,
middleweight wrestler of the Olympic
Club of San Francisco, was defeated this
evening by Edward C. Johnson of the
Multnomah Club. Johnson threw Cor
nell by the lever hold after eight minutes
of fierce wrestling. Cornell was on the
defensive from the start and received a
severe ankle sprain. For this reason he
was unable to go on with the second bout
and forfeited the match.
Wrestler Cornell Defeated.
BLEDSOE LOSES
HOME AND WIFE
i
Actress He Married at Daw
son Ejects Him From
Htr Domicile.
Special Dispatch to Thm Call. ' ' "
SEATTLE. March 5.—Tv"hen Captain
Bledsoe of Dawson married pretty Pearl
Lloyd, a variety actress, ha bellenred ho
had won a home and caught a prize.
Pearl, too, was laboring under * deJualon
—she believed she. was marrying a mod
ern Monte Cristo Instead of a "busted"
Yukon River pilot. They soon, found they
were not suitably mated — at least she did
—and the captain was unceremoniously
thrown out by the petite actress).
These matrimonial differences would not
have caused much comment In Dawson
were it not for the fact that a respectabla
younjr lady. Miss Nina Moore, was trav
ellns all the way from San Francisco to
marry Captain Bledsoe. who had won her
heart w,hen he was in the city of. tha
Golden Gate last summer, and had ar
ranged for her to come In over the Ice andl
become his wife. He told her wonderful
stories of the richness of th« Klondike
and of his vast interests.
When Miss Moore arrived In Dawson
great was her surprise to learn thtit her
intended was the husband of a dance hall
singer, who a few days previously had
ejected him from her domicile. Mfss
Moore immediately went to the Sisters of
Charity and ha* resided with them since,
endeavoring to decide on th*» best policy
to pursue. Many newly found friends h»v«
advised her to demand traveling expenses
from the captain, who Is under contract
as pilot with the Alaska Commercial
Company, and others, with more of bor
der roughness in their make-up. adTls«
that she shoot him.
Miss Moore is well known in San
Francisco, where she wu stenographer
for H. S. Crocker * Co. for a lone Hm«.
She was the first woman to pass th© win
ter in Nome, and on her return was given
much space in the newspapers.
' LOS BAKOS, March 5.— Ghools opened th«
grave of a Chinaman In a local cemetery last
nlitht and robbed the grave of money buried
with the body.
Tanforan Selections.
First Race— Valencienne, MacLaren, Santa
Lucia.
Second Race — Snowberry, Bnooie, Mike Mur
phy.
Third Race— Bard of Avon, Toah, .Ada N.
Fourth Race— Doublet, Parmenion, Our Liz
zie.
Fifth Race — Xansen, Tappan, Gold Badge.
Blxth Race— Haralamb, The Gaffer, Lucera.
Blxth Race— Six 'furlongs; maiden three
year-olds; purse: . ¦,,
19S3 Lucera 107 1990 Cantlnus 102
1922 Plratta 103 1836 Haralamb 109
1750 Porphyry 87 1954 The Gaffer ....104
1914 Robert J 102 858 Cushion 97
2002 Tilt 95 2014 Alpha Lea ....97
Sailor ...: 103i 1953 Road Agent ...102
Fifth Race— One mile; three-year-olds -and
up: selling:
(1502)Tappan 100 ' 2007 Artllla 105
1978 Gold Badge 81 (1980)Nansen 113
(2OO3)Salntly 1091
Fourth Race — Six furlongs: four-year-olds
and up: selling:
19S1 Our Lirzio ...1111 2003 Parmenlon 103
2003 Amelia FonBO.,101 2003 Redwald .......113
. 1932 Royal Prize ..113| 2001 Doublet 110
1335 L. aieddlesome.lll! 2006 Greatland 116
Third Race— Six . furlongs: three-year-olds ;
purse:
1&3 Ada N 105] 1942 Mrs. Brunen...lOS
1397 ilarcy 107 19S8 Seide no
1530 Bard of Avon.l07j(1889)AUura 105
(15»e8)Toah 1071
Second Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; celling:
1913 Mike Murphy. .102, l«20 Dan Collins ...105
1955 Contestant ....103 2004 Quadra .105
1955 Bnowb*rry ....103J 1931 Snooze 104
1379 The Manlao ,.106i 1974 Escalante 108
2004 San Lultlon . .103! 1953 MuElquo 103
1S31 Iluachuca 106|
Tanforan Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; Rolling:
1936 Gold Baron 102 1 1370 Valenc!enn« ...100
1S75 Katie WalcoU.lOO) 1970 Santa Lucia ..100
1571 Mission 102! 1512 First Shot ....102
1971 Favprito 102! 1839 Lou Clleveden.105
1734 Kaclvo 103j 1787 Rufalba 100
1370'MacLaren ' 105)
Fourth race, one mJle and a sixteenth, handi
cap — Skillman won, IHssolvte uecond. Hood's
Briira'ie third. .Time. 1:49.
Filth ' race, one mile and an eighth, Belling—
Mcrgn won. Bert Davis seoond, Garland Barr
third. Tim«», l^S.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, cell-
Jng— Good Ala won. Little Boy Blue second,
Dlocker third. Time, 1:48.
First race, six furlonirs, selling — XV. J. Baker
won, Goebel second, Elsie JJel third. Time,
Second race, one mile and a half, handicap,
over -elx- hurdles — Tommy O'Brien' won, Dick
KjrVr itecond. Miss Ransom third. Time,
2:50V*. ¦*
Third race, two miles, selling— Admetus won,
Eir Fiuhugh oecond, Kalse l^ead third. Time,
3:3o.
NEW ORLEANS, March 5.— Weather,
clear and cool. Track fast. Good Ale,
after the last race, was run up to $500 and
sold to J. E. Simms. Daniels & Co., In
whose interest he ran, to-day were sus
pended durinjr an investigation of . the
horse's run. Summary:
Eesults at New Orleans.
Third rac»— Glendennlng, Louwelsea, Torso
a:ald. i V" J
Fourth ra.ee— Eesence, Ncrford, Morlnel.
Fifth race— Gibraltar, St. Wood, Mocorito.
Eixtb race — Almoner. La Maseotta, Mldlove.
Eeccnd race— Good Hope, Jlontallade,' lncln
diator.
" Flrrt race— Ting-a-Llng, Spry Lark. Merry
Boy.
Oakland Selections.
Elxth race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: felling: . , ,-";-.-
1»» Beau Monde. ...UJj 1562 Saul of Tarsus.106
ir,6 Grey Bob l f *t 1*73 Almoner 115
]34l Mt'llove 10* 1"25 Iji Mascotta....ll3
IS'iS I>ady N«>wlnn..lM -1S61 I/joram 110
1316 Nettle Clark. ..104
Fifth race— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
ttnd up; felling:
¦ \ti% Mocoiito If* naCOMaydtne 110
\YA Grand Sachem. 1I'» "196* Vassal ..115
(lSr«)St. Wood 11*1 2011 Gibraltar 118
15CS Invlctus 104.
Fourth rare- Mile and 100 yards; three-year
o!<l« and up; seillne:
1*14 EKK-n'-e 101 2*512 Herculean 103
til AU*v»ate 109 2012 Morelllto 110
I»i7 Morinel 103 1S&7 Norford 110
1K.2 Kiq Shannon... 110 r /^'l-'.
Third race— Four furlor.gs; two-year-old»;
•tiling:
1CC2 Evra O .'..103' 1S€5 Warder 1C3
Golina .......:..1'S 1^2 Teddy Mark*.. . 104 <
2010 Irxna-A 1C3| 2010 Torso Maid 103
OiOiCont'table l^USSOGlendenning ...Vii
2V.-0 Louwelsea. 105' •
Second race— Blx fur'.-.ingi; four-year-old» and
up; selling:
1S» Montanus IOC] 2009 AlarJa 10S
1*73 In^indiator 113: WA Montallade ....10<
Yi%', 1'rchln 101 J ViVi Florablrd 110
Yiii Good Hop* 102- ISsS Jennie R«ld 108
First rece— Five furlongs; f cur-year-olds and
i:p; celling:
Y&t Mike Rice 115' VtVL I Don't Know.. 11*)
1U2 Antioch 110' IYA Aluminum 110
lfnj Tlng-a-Ling ...\f)\ K«5 Satan NS
1^12 Frry Lark.— ..108: i?s« Bl. Sheppard...lO4
16<< Uagiad 106 ! 1**5 Merry Boy 110
IC21 Mainstay lWl 18S* Pilot 108
Oakland Entries.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 5.—Over
come by superstitious fear of the pres
ence of a ghost in one of the tunnels, thir
ty-five of the miners of the Silver Kins
mine, near Nelson, refused to- go to wqrk
yesterday. James Crawford says he en
countered the specter sitting In one of the
crosscuts between two tunnels. As he ap
proached the gaunt white figure, which
was that of a man fully nine feet In
height, it arose from its half stooping pos
ture and, shading the candle it held In ita
hand, started up the crosscut and disap
peared.
The frightened miner hurried to Ralns
vllle, the mine boss, who walked up tue
crosscut 100 feet. There the strange figure
appeared as before, with its back against
the side of the drift. By this time an
other miner came, and he and Rainsvllle
followed the apparition. Rainsvllle ad
vanced a step nearer, when it suddenly
turned and disappeared.
Then the whole mine force was distrib
uted through the mine. The first party
found the apparition in its usual position.
The ghost glided into the crosscut and the
men followed until they came to the party
at the other end, who had seen nothing.
A moment later most of their candles
were mysteriously extinguished and the
•miners stampeded to the mouth of the,
tunnel. ¦'?*'¦' '¦" ' •
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Wraith Haunts the Tunnels
of th« Silver King,
Near Nelson.
GIANT SPECTER
SCARES MINERS
WALTER E. STEWART JR..
second lieutenant of the Third
United States Infantry, died
In the Central Emergency
Hospital at 2:33 o'clock yes
terday morning of cerebral apoplexy and
congestion of the liver, superinduced by
overindulgence In alcoholic drinks.
Lieutenant Stewart was courtmartlaled
in Manila less than a' year ago for hav
ing- fired a shot out of hl3 revolver at a
salcon-keeper 'in that .city. He was
found puilty and sentenced to pay a
fine of tM per month out of his pay for a
period of six months. On F*riday last
Stewart and his baggage were sent in a
hack from the Palace Hotel to a local
Hammam baths establishment. He was in
a maudlin state of intoxication. He was
straightened up by the next day and with
$260 in his pocket he left the baths ar.d
three hours later was arrested for bein?
drunk and unable to take care of himself.
NEW* YORK. March 5.— Lieutenant "Wal
ter Lv Stewart Jr. wa3 a ton of Walter E.
Stewart of Plalnfteld. N. J. He studied
law at Yale and in the New York Law
School and practiced in this city. His
father, mother, two brothers and two
sisters still live In Plalnfleld. Lieutenant
Stewart was appointed by President Mc-
Kinley and served In the Philippines for
two years. While there he fell from hia
horse, receiving an injury to his head,
which. It Is said, flnaJly compelled his
resignation from the army.
Shortly afterward Stewart was found In
a semi-conscious condition on a bench on
the Post-street side or Union Square by
Officer William Protl. who bad him con
veyed to the Central Emergency Hosj>1-'
tal. where he died. His CSO had dwindled
down to a little more than $40.
On Monday afternoon Stewart encased
the best room in the Ahlborn Housa on
Grant avenue? and «xMfcited J1C0 in soUl.
He had three cocktail* and went out for
more, returning: very drunk. He was put
to bed and at tnidnizht left the house.
2Oir». SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $490.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. >£. Str. Fin.
1S53 Macy. a, 103 O'Connor 3 4 h 4 M In
1971 Diomed. 4, 107.... Thorpe 7 7 3 1 26
1831 Limelight. 5. 102.. Miller 5 6 3 2 ', 3 h
1834 Catastrophe, a, 102. Daly 1 lh 1% 44
16S2 Alas, 4, 1D0 Murphy 2 22-54 5 8
...-. Crutch. 5. 102..Burlngme 4 6 H 6 « 6 10
1731 Rainier. 5, 106 Henry* 3h 7 7
Tim«— »;. :25H: H. :«*4; K. V.Vti mile, VAWi.
Good start. Won firtl three driving. Winner,
Sam Lazaruu' br. h. by Hindoo-Alga. Macy
won on his class. He got a very strong ride.
Diomed ran a surprisingly good race.
Betting— Macy, 1; DKimed, 12; Limelight. 6;
Catastrophe, 10; Alas, 6; Crutch, 60; Rainier,
15.
2«l*t. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: maid
ens; three-year-olds and up; purse, 1550.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. Str. Fin.
1S»3 Thornwild. 3, SC.Walah 4 3h 2 1 13
1724 Br«Tihilda. 5. 113. ..Burns 3 11 1 h 2 n
U24 Onyx. 5. 102.. ..O'Connor 5 2h 3 4 3 10
1"47 L. Maud. 4, l^... Woods 1 -I 2 4 4 4^
1S73 8. Voice. 4, 105 Daly 2 o \i 5 1 5 3
L«32 Miy Boy. 6, 101 See 6 7 7 6h
1480 Carlovlgnian. 3. SS.Mrpy 7 6 6 6 % 7
Time— H. :25; H, :49>4: %. 1:02: %. 1:28. Good'
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, P. Gullfoyle's- ch. g. by ThornhiU-
Wilda. Thornwild won in a romp. Brenhilda
ran as if short. Onyx ran to his notch.
Scratched— Senator Matts 109.
Betting— Thornwild, 6; Brenhilda, 11-10; Onyx,
11-5; Lady Maud, 60; Sweet Voice, 15; May
Boy, SO; Carlovignlan, 60.
2O17. FOURTH RACE-Six and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; puree,
uy>.
Index. Horse. Wt. . Jockey. St. H. %• Fin.
1S57 Pupil, 4, 105 O'Connor 14^5 1 hi
(3*57)Isaline, 4, 1M Sloan 5 5 2 h»,2 3
ljJa High Hoe, 6, 100.. Miller 2 11 11 i%
(lMDOwensboro, 4, 105Henry 4 2 h 3 h 4 \%
(193i) Vohlcer, 4, 102. 1. Murphy 3 3 1. 4 1 6-
Tlme— 1-16. :07; 5-16. :30%: 9-16. :55'i: *^»f.
l:20'4. Good start except Isallne. Won first
three driving. Winner, G. B. Morris' b. h.
bjr Sir Modred-School Girl. Pupil a good,
strong ride. Isaline away poorly or she would
have won. High Hoe plenty of speed. Vo
hicer's form not up to his last races.
, Betting-Pupil, 5; Inallne, 8-5; High Hoe, 8;
Owensboro, 7-2; Vohicer. 5.
2O16. THIRD RACE— One and a half miles;
hurdle handicap; maidens; four- year-olds and
up; puree, f<50.' ~>
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. Bt. %. Str. Fin.
1S*2 Ollnvhus, 5, 150 v Hueston S 1 12 1 15 1 12
1&S2 Gllberto, 5, 120.. Johnson a 2 5 2« 2 4
1SS7 Acrobat, 6, 130.McMahon 7 4 2 3 3 3 20
1203 Palatine, 4, 124.Wortgtn 6 3 4 4 S 4 15
1S44 Koenlg. 5, 130 Brown 4 5 5 5
1S44 T. Sharkey. 4. 120.Brodle 1 • •
ISoS Hohenlohe. 6, 133.. Lloyd 3 • ... ...
Time— 8:51. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, Moormead Farm's
ch. g. by Red Iron-Lily Wright Olinthus out
classed and outjumped his field. Hohenlohe
was going nicely when he fell. Ollnthas was
worked out a full mile over the hurdles after
winning. Scratched— Lavator 137. . 'Fell.
Betting— Olinthus, 4-5; Gllberto, 40; Acrobat,
10; Palatine, coupled with Olinthus; Koenlg,
6; Tom Sharkey. 10; Hohenlohe, 5.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. Et. %. Str. Fin,
1SO9 Silurian, 3. 10«. O'Connor 3 3 S 24 1 h
1595 Edinborgh, 4. 114.Tumer 2 1111 2 4
1J65 Esplrando, 6, 110.. Miller 12! 38 38
1S47 M. Kinsella, «, SS.Mrphy 5 5 2 5 6 4 1
1S78 C. le liel, 6. 110.. Woods 4 4 h 4 2 a S
31. Daniels, 3. JfO.Petersn « 8 6 €
Time— M. :24; H. :4S; %, 1:13. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. P. Dunne's
br. g. by Belvidere-Virgle D. Turner would
have won the race If he had gone on flrst
part. Silurian got the best ride. Esplrando
ran his race. Scratched— Selde 105. Prejudice
110.
Betting— Silurian, 4-5; Edinborough. 7-6; Es
plracdo, 12; Mary Klneella, 100; Charles le
Bel. 100; Miss Daniels. CO.
2015. SECOND RACE-Six furlongs; celling;
three-year-olds and np; purse, |W0.
2014. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
thr«"e-year-o!d-filllee; purse, 1350.
Index. Horse, "Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1€21 Tel. Girl, 104 Burns 5 In 11 1 Vi
\m Chaste, 103 O'Connor 2 2 2 2 1 2n
U»S3 Artena. 107 Thorpe 1 5% 43 3 6
\hi$ El Sonoro. 117 J. Daly 3 3 1 3 h 4 V4
1S7S I^a Calma, 102 Miller 8 7 2 6H 51
1740 Triple Cross, 102 See 9 8 2 6 1 6 1
IMS Luca. 106 Henry 4 4% 1 hi 7 !i
I'M Alpha Lee, 102..Watrbry 7 6 1 8 4 8 6
liBl Singer. 107..,Wedderetnd S 9 9.9
Yodel. 117 MurphylO • •
Time— U, :24; %.' :36; %. 1:01%. Good start.
Won first, three driving. Winner, H. J. Scog
gan'8 b. i. by imp. Eothen-Effie C. Telepnone
Girl had the most speed and got a strong ride.
Artena dropped out of the race flrst part, but
would have won in a few more jumps. Daly
no assistance to El Sonoro. Scratched—Kathe
rine Ennis 102. 'Pulled ftp.
Betting-Telephone Girl. 2; Chaste, 6; Artena,
16-5; El Sonoro, 8; La Calma. 40: Triple Cross,
8; Luca. 8; Alpha Lee. 100; Singer. 20; Yo
del, 50.
TANFORAN PABK-Tuesday, March 5.
1901.— "Weather fine. Track fast.
CALL 'S RACING FORM CHART
2O25. KIXTH RACE— Six fnrlongs; eelllng;
fcur-year-olds and up: puree. %ZZS>.
Index Hr.rpe. Wt. Jockey. Ft. H- Str. Fin.
133ft Br Prince. 6. 10f)>;tuart 2 2 n 24 lh
Wt William F. 4. 1'C.Mounce 3 5 1 3 1 2 n
1H-H McAlbrt. «, l%..Wood» 4 11 1 H 3 4
1^6S tfatan. 4. S7 We'.r 1 3 1 4 1 4 4
1\*» J McCle*-vy. 5. 10«..Hall 7 .S 5 1 6 2
\W) I-'po Hooker. 6. SS.Brodn 5 4 h « Vi 6 3
HS4 Can^Jo 4. 1"7 Russell % €1 7 1 7 2
1^64 l'oneo. 6. 105 Collins S 72 8 k.
Time— H :25; H. :4*S; 1:15. G^A etart.
Wen first three driilng. Winner, C. W. Chap
rell's br K- by • Reporter-Mary M. Winner
ricely ri<J4en. William F rt'l'len the shortest
r<-ute Canejo a slow breaker. Pongo sulks.
Fcratched— Ka^taine **. My Gypsy 100.
Betting— Urown Prince, 7-5; William F, S;
KcAlbert. 3; Batan, «; Jim McCleevy. 40;
Lcui«e Hooker, 15; Caaejo. 10; Pon^o. 12.
2024. FIFTH RACE-Six furlongs; Belling;
tliiee-year-o!de; purse, !40<\
Ind*x. Hnrf», Wt. Jcx-key. St. H- Str. Fin.
lVW Uolliek. 102..; Mounce 13 1 In 1 *ij
1K>7 St. Rica. 110....IJTj!!man 4 2 2 4 1 2 n
IUI Frr.all Jack. 102.. Dorr. ink 2 13 2 1 3 2
1*44 <Vjmi«*K. ! f 'S ..Matthews S 5 B 4 5
OStnn Toplo. \\<l Kelly 5 42 3 n 5
Time—',. :24; H. :4**»: \. 1:14*,. Oood start.
Von easily. Second and third driving. Wln
rer. Hums & Waterbtuse> ch. p. by Take
Notice-Happy MaJaen. Rollick made a gallop
of it. St. Xtlca hard ridden. Compaes can do
letter. El Tcpir. faint-heartfd.
Betting— Rollick. 7-5; St. Rica. 11-5; Small
j£Ck, 5; rompaw, I: El Toplo, 15.
2023. FOURTH RACE-M!le and an eighth;
ft II Ing; four-year-old* and up: purse, WOO.
Ir.'Iex. Hcrw, Wt. Jocker. St. »4. Str. Fin.
l*2o fastak*. «, 111. ..Romero 4 2 h 1 h 1 h
1S7» El Ml<lo, 5. lll.lxrr'.r.lck 5 4 1 2 4 2 h
12a Twinkler, 6. lC€.Matthw« 6 6 3 '•» 3 1
li-€4 <~«.t!cr Joe. a. lM.Kullmn 2 3^41 42
1*2% Mitten. 4 1C£ Mounce 111 I H E 2
2>Xi* Snips, a. 1C4 Howeon 3 5n 6 «
Tlrne-H. -Wi; H. ¦'*¦%: H, :Khi; »i. 1:15%:
mile. 1:43: l^m, I&& Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. O. W. Boesecke's b.
B. by Apache-Lina. Caytake -R-aa best and
v.ell handjed. Twlnkler warmed up lame, but
tin a ?'.r^i race first out. Oi'ler Joe, cut off
en far turn, was knocking at the door. MJtten
fcs<i f e;*e<l.
Betting— Ca«take, 5; E! Mido. 6-5; Twinkler,
IS; Ostler Joe, >; Mitten. «; Hnlpi, 6.
2022. THIRD RACE— Four furious?; two
jear-oldf; purse, U'jQ.
Ii.fiex. H-jree. Wt. Jockey. St. «i- Str. Fin.
:.--:¦ K!i ''-. 115 Bullman 112 11 14
C»T4)Jarr*v.«?rre d'Or. HS.Rulz 4 3 4 2 1 2 2
1574 Pepper ijauce. lia.Dotnnlc 3 4 3 1 3 5
1174 iTeeter.e. 110 Mounce 2 2 n 4 4
Time— li, \3H\k\ H. :«. Poor etart. Wqti
easily. F»cnr.d and third driving. Wlrner.
Burns & \S'aterhouie'» b. g. by Imp. Foul Shot-
L"j!rie Laroncie. Rulx put up a very »eai
r!d<? on Jarretierre o"Or. Pepper' outfoottd.
Irestene tart but green.
I>-ttinF— Killdoe, C-5: Jarretlerre d'Or, 7-5;
Pepper Kauce, 6; Prestene. 10.
2021. SECOND RACE-Six furlongi; selling;
fr.i;r-y ear-olds ztA up; purse, f3C0. • -
Irdex. H?r»e. Wt, Jockey. St. %.' K. Tin.
I*** M*:karth. 6. IM.Mathwi 6 2 1 In 1 2»
1*25 W«5n«ay. a. lie.Macklln 4 4 1 SI 2 h
ISM Summer, 4, 105..KjiunUy 3 1 n 2 h SI
1*71 Iy-tlgtr. 4. rj7....H9vrell ft "t 5 1 4n
1SAS Meet Eagle, 4. ST. Ranch 7 » SI S Vi
:¦:» r- .:-:;•!-:. 4. 102 Kelly 1 3 V4 4 1 6 1
m* Juvi. L. 103 Mcunct 2 & 1 7 1 ? 5
lf»4 J. Welch. 4, 107. .Dimak 5 6 2 8 H 8 1
1ST2 Foul Flay. 4, llO.Bullmn 8 6 2 9 9
Timo-H. :£: Vi. '&'. \. Ml Good start.
Wen Ci-st three driving. Winner. M. Quinn'i
b. g. by Imp. Mariner-Eufaula. Melkarth
tumped M&fnstay ar«l was disqualified. With
ir.ore luck Summer woui4 have won." Letlger
kr.ecked out of it at start. Welch no account.
•Place! last. Scratched— Sam Howard 107.
Bettlr.s— M»lkarth. 1C: Mainstay. 49; Summer.
15: Letiger. 5: Mont Eajrle. 10; SarefifcU. 45;
Juva, £; John Welch. 4; Foul Play. 2.
fast.
2O2O. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs ; selling;
icur-jeer-cHs and up; puree, f250.
In^x. Ucrse, V.'t. Jockey. St. >4- «i. Fin.
jig «mucnd. 5. 103.... Howell 3 4 12 2 11
<l?r?)M. £trau*s. 4. lijS.Mni.-e 4 11 1 h 2 4
i:SMs llodwtna, &. 106 K*l!>" « 3 2 3 1 3 h
1*C V'g Morelio, 4. ICfe.Brodn T 5 h C 2 « H
UC4 Ijt. Marks, «, IW.Failehy 8 6 h 5 1 E 2
1*7« I>on Luis, a, lC<i.Mathw» i 2 ft 7 3 * I
l£i« Free Paw, 4, lW.Ransch 17 3 <!» 12
P2M)B« of Hilo. 4. l«.StuKrtll 11 i 8 1
JM* S..z.t.-;H, «. :>:•.. I;..*-. rtr -r 2 8 1 7 '4 3 3
1*«» Mea/J. Lark. a. 10;.L>f,ml0 10 1 10 10 5
1H1 Nevcc'tkr, a, l'/«.Faunt » S h 11 11
Time-K, :lWH, :2iU : »i. :<*U; %, I»£
Good etaxt. Wen first three driving. Winner.
I_ «. McArthur & <..V>.'r ch. g. br Farandale-
Grciild. Etrauea t!rtd and Ofracni woii" clev
erly.un-ier strong riding. Llz^lla cut oft at
etsrt. Meadow L&rk showed some early speed.
Betting-Osmond. 6; Mike Strauss. 7-i; Mc*l
wer.a. S; Yours Mcrello. 20; Dr. Marks. 60;
Ttcn Uda, 20: Krfe Pass. 20r; Roee of Hllo, 9;
I.iz«l!a. IS; Meadow Lark. 4; Sewsgstherer, 40.
OAKLAND RACETBACK - Tuesday.
March 5, 1M1.— Weather fine/ Track
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
AT TANFORAN TRACK
Track Notes.
K. Matthews was given a week on tho.
ground by the judges for rough riding.
On horses that have a chance Howell is
uoir.g some excellent saddle work at Oak
land.
The officials of th«) track across the bay
>aid yesterday that nothing suspicious
had been discovered in connection with
Owen Mounce's tardy ride astride Yel
lowtall on Monday.
Johnny Campbell seems to have Btrucic
his old-fashionf-d gait, for the horses un
der his charge are-"meeting with marked
success of late. Nearly ail of them are
leaped from "Lucky" Baldwin.
The grand stand at Overland Park, Den
ver, which was recently destroyed by
fire, will be replaced by a much more im
posing structure.
A STIRRING . finish between Cas
take. El Mido and Twinkler
marking the close of the mile
and a furlong selling event, the
trio flashing past the wire head?
apart, more than atoned for the defeat of
j three choices yesterday at Oakland. It
' was a horse race and no mistake, tickling
! the fancy ol the large crowd present im
mensely. Then, besides, there waE a dis
qualification to keep matters at the bub
bling point, quite in keeping with the tem
perature at the weather. Melkarth, a 15
! to 1 shot ridden by E. Matthews, fin.Iehe'1
! in -front of Mainstay for the second purse,
i but on Macklin's claim of foul lodged
! against Mattht-ws, the race was given to
Mainstay. Forty to 1 was laid about the
old sprinter.
: The lirst outsider to poke his head over
the winning mark first was Osmond, pi
i loted by Howell. Seven to 1 the ring laid
i against the Ryan castoJT, now trained by
I Lew McArthur, and in a drive he downed
I the favorite, Mike Strains, a length.
i Meadow Lark was a starter, but his trip
on the cars from Tanforan had not served
to sharpen hia speed. He never looked
dangerous.
This was followed by a six-furlong sell
i ing eprint, which . re-suited in the Mel
i karth-Mainstay mix-up. Nearly opposite
I the paddock Mainstay was thrown against
I the fence, and though Melkarth won by a
! couple of lengths was set back. This ac
| tion of the Judges gave Summer the place
and Letigcr third money. Fauntleroy,
astride Summer, met with poor, racing
! luck or he would have been returned win
! ner.
"Pi" Ruiz, who had the leg 'up on Jar
retierre dOr, suffered Irom an attack of
ennui, and Killdoe took the two-year-old
dash without a struggle. Bullman rode
the Burns & "Waterhouse youngster and
led from the start. Pepper Sauce outlast
ed Prestene, the other starter, for show
honors. The winner closed a 6 to 5 favor
ite in the betting.
Undoubtedly the presence in the saddle
of Romero kept many from speculating on
C'astake to win the nule and a furlong
number. At any rate, the Apache geid
ing's odds reached 7 to 1. Dominick pilot
ed El Mido and. as that horse looked best
on paper, perhaps, went to the
post a 6 to 5 chance. Twinkler
came out after a long retirement,
but as he showed rigns of lameness
did not get much support. For a time in
the race Mitten made the running. Then
Castake showed first, followed by the fa
vorite, ar.d later in th»» stretch Twinkler
got up with the leaders. Almost an eighth
of a ml!e the trio fought it out, Romero,
hand riding only on Castake, reaching
the tape a head before the favorite. On
the outside Twinkler finished third, a
head farther away. But for being cut
off on the far turn Ostler Joe. a clo-ie
fourth, would have oetn hard to beat.
Rollick < the 7 to 5 /avorite made St.
Rica look cheap in tn« six furlong run,
lifth to be decided. Meunce rode the win
ner and, despite Builman's energetic
"stick" work on St. Rica, the latter never
had a chance. Small Jack took ;he show
from Compass. •
At odds of 7 to 5 Stuart riding a very
trim looking race, landed Brown Prince
lirst for the final eix furlong spin. lie-
Albert, after making the pace, lost sec
ond place to William F.
By F. E. Mulholland.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Macy Finishes in Sensational Style in the Mile Race at
Tanforan, O'Connors Driving Finish Being a Feature
of the Day's Sport— A Track Record Is Broken
The last race was productive of the
prettiest finish of the day. Macy. the
class horse with a good record on East
ern fields, was a strong favorite. O'Con
nor played the pilot'B part In good and
bad fashion, his hard driving finish re
deeming tho too careful work on the back
stretch. Macy started out a bad fifth and
did not improve until the. stretch. Alas
and L'imellght kept well to the front all
the way until the stretch, when Dlomed
spurted. and. took the lead. Macy coming
up gave Diomed a neck and neck race for
the wire. O'Connor went to his horse like
a demon and won by a . npek. Dlomed'o
evil behavior at the post delayed . the
start some ten minutes.
Thornwild, 6 to 1, surprised the three
year-old-nnd-over maidens in the seven
furlong race, the fifth on the card. Bren
hllda with Burns up was the favorite
and up to the stretch looked the winner.
Then Thornwild burst forward and fin
ished an easy winner. Onyx got the show.
Telephone Girl steered by Tommy Burns
took the mon»y In thfe flrtt race without
any crossing of wires or unnecessary de
lays. Off at the start Telephone Gir: gave
the numbers at every post. Her only
rival was Chante, ridden by O'Connor,
who took second place. Artena, the sec
ond choice, made the show.
Silurian, a 3 to 5 favorite mounted by
O'Connor, won the six j furlong event.
Edlnborough, on whom the play was
strong, led at the start, Esplrando.hold
ing on all the way up the back stretch.
At the paddock Silurian was let out and
finished first In a driving race.' Edlnbor
ough getting the place and Esplrando the
show.
Th?n came the jumpers, good, bad and
indifferent. Olinthun was coupled with
Palatine and sold at 4 to 5. Tom Sharkey
tried it again, but not for long, going
nut at the second jump. Hohcnlohe, who
carried a great deal of money, scrambled
over the second barrier, spilling the rider.
Acrobat proved a good enough performer
to get the tail end of the money, but the
raco was all Olinthus, who got so . far
away from his Jumping rivals that It was
a walk in for first money. Gllberto and
Acrobat fought it out for the place.
Again Winnie O'Connor . demonstrated
his ability to win against odds by his
superior riding skill. Mounted on Pupil
In the fourth rape over six and a half
furloi;f?s, a third choice In the betting,
lind closed up back of the field, he Worked
his way out from the atretch to the pad
dock and pa.ssed tho entire bunch cf five.
Sloan wttli tb>» leg on Isaline, an 8 to 5
favorite, was last at tne start, bui went
slowly past Owenstoro and Vohlccr while
Pupil fell back. Then Isaline kept to the
fore down th<s stretch . until passed by
O'Connor on Pupil. Players of Pup'l were
making theater snow of their tickets
when the paddock was reached. Then
the unexpected happened.' This Pupil
the fourth raco the track record
was lopped off half a second. Pupil
with O'Connor up doing the turn.
FAST work on a fast track, the fa
vorites dividing honors with the
long"-shots, was the hoof amuse
ment n.t Tanforan yesterday. In
By Louis Honig.
At the close of Mr. Cleveland's speech
adjournment was taken until 2 o'clock.
The. afternoon session was mainly devot
ed to the consideration of the constitution
and by-laws presented, by . the executive
committee. No final action was taken and
no p«rmanent organization was effected.
The wool growers of America have an asso
ciation, of their own and there ia no reason
why the cattlemen should not have one. There
Is no reason why a cattleman should con
tribute to an association which does not pro
tect his interests. The West belongs to the
cattlemen. They were the people who re
claimed 'the country from - the Indians. Who
ever heard of a sheepman . being killed by In
dians? Many of us who are in the cattle
business have had relatives killed by th« In
dians. I had a son killed by Indians, but
there were no sheepmen in tho country at that
time. Sheepmen I are too slow to catch up
with any danger. I am referring to those men
who their all Invested in five dogs, a
wagon and a few eheep. These men have no
respect for the rights of othefs. Wo In our
country -have no trouble with them, because
there Is .a certain tax levied which keeps them
out of the State. I have never myself had
any trouble with sheepmen. I have avoided
them when I could and they are anyway too
Blow (o associate with cattlemen.
A. C. Cleveland of Nevada delivered an
address which evoked j hearty applause.
Mr. Cleveland said: >.-.-.¦
A. S. Van Doran explained the object*
of the association, whlon. he said, proposes
to work to secure legislative protection
of the ranges for the cattle growers and
to enable them to meet the increasing do
mand for beef both at home and abroad.
The entire territory west of the Missouri
River is represented, the largest delega
tions being those of Colorado, Wyoming',
Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and Nevada
A temporary organization was effected at
Salt Lake City during the recent conven
tion of the National Livestock Associa
tion. The -convention will decide whether
the new association shall be Independent
of the National Livestock Association or
work as a subdivision of It. The officers
of the national association are watching
the projected organization Jealously,
ready to co-operate If it Is to be an aux
iliary, but to tight It If It Is to be inde
pendent and a rival.
Welcoming addresses were made at the
morning session of the convention by
Governor Orman and Mayor Johnson, and
responses were made on behalf of the or
ganization by F. S. Lusk of California
and J. C. Van Doran of New Mexico.
DENVER, March 5.-About three hun
dred and . fifty delegates were present
when the first annual convention of the
American Cattle-growers' Association
was called to order In the Tabor Opera
house at 11 o'clock to-dav by H. H. Rob
irifcon, temporary president.
CATTLE OWNERS
IN CONVENTION
cide to Work on Inde
pendent Lines.
» ¦ ¦
New Organization May D§-
Referee, F. W. Koch: starter. Walter Chris
tie; inspectors. R. Woolsey and R. R. Ser
vice; Judges of finish. A. M. Walsh. G. Allen
and W, A. Powell; timers. Professor W. E.
Ma^ee, Colonel George C. Edwards and H. D.
Smith; neld Judges. E. Hussey and J. HoS
raan; clerks of course, N. F. Titus and F.
Schwabacher: measurers. L. B. Bralnard and
A. Squires; Held marshal, E. L,. Beck.
The Junior class athletes are trying to
get a meet arranged with the Uklah
High School boys. Plans have been made
to have the field day occur at Ukiah
March 23. The university executive com
mittee has sanctioned the proposition and
the college men will undoubtedly make
the northern trip. There was some talk
of sending- the junior team to Reno to
meet tho University of Nevada men, but
this Idea will probably be dropped.
R. G. Clifford if captain of the sopho
mores and F. E. Cooley of -the freshmen.
The officials of the field day will be:
Shot put — Edwards 'C3. Herreshoff *03. Fom
'03. Olm«tead 'C3. Cloudman 'C3. V. IJetla '04.
P. Llg-da '04.- Vilas "04. Starr 'O4. Ramsaur '04.
Broad Jump— Cadopan '03, Tcwnsend '03, Olcv
sted '03, Colemaa '03, Meaney '04. ! Cheek '04.
Cooley '04. Llgfia '04. Hartllne '04. Minor '04.
Pole vault— Barker '03. Symmes '03, Mini '03.
Clifford 'CJ, Starr "04, Wilcox '04, Mayo '04,
Svmmes '04, Albertson '04, Mason '04, Ran
kln 'C4.
440-yard dash— CadOKan 'C3. Brown -'03. Rob
ertson 'C3, Johnson 'M. lAgia. '04. Asbill '«.
HanniRan '04, Graves 'G4.
Hammer throw— Barker '03, Fox '03. Hamil
ton '03, Herreshoff "03, Olmsted '03, Vila*, "04,
Hartlines '04. Llirda '01, Starr 'C4. Savage '04.
High lump— Clifford 'C3. Coonley '04, Cheek
'C4, Johnson '04, Kruschkee *04.
One-mile run— Bailey *0J, Brewington '03,
Bell *03, Brlnck 'C3, Smith "03.. Stanley '03.
O. Coldman '03, G. Goldman "03, Clifford '03.
Woods '01, Btalder "04, Kerr '04, Badger '04.
Graves '04, Johnson '04, McPherson '04, Minor
Two hundred and twenty-yard dash—Cado
gan '03. Girvin '03, Asblll • '04. Johnson 'M,
Townsend '03. Herreshoff '03. Wallace '04.
Two hundred and twenty-yard hurdle, first
heat — Moulder 'OS, Kruschke '0*. Brlnck "03.
Second heat— Symtnes '03, Hannlgan '04, Wll
cox '04.. Third heat— Cheek '04, Goebel '03,
Meany '04.
Tw^-mile run— Bailey '0*. O. Goldman '03.
Slbley '03. O. Goldman '03. Clifford '03. Sta.1
der '04, Ugda 'C4. Johnoon '04.
One hundred ana twenty-yard hurdle, first
heat— Symmes '03, Hannlgan '04. Second heat
—Cheek '04. Meany '04.
Oae hundred yard dash, first heat— Cadogan
'0*. Aeblll '«, Mini 'CS, Herr^shoff 'M. Sec
orui heat— Ligda 'M, Townseml 'OS. Wallace "04,
Brown '03. Glrvln 'OJ.
Eight hundred and eigrhty-yar<l run— Bailey
'03. Clifford 'OS, Weaver "04. Woods' <M, Groves
'04, Jones '04, Maeon 'C4. Johnson 04.
BERKELEY, March 5.— The annual
sophomore-freshman field "day will be
held on the university cinder path next
Saturday afternoon. Both teams are
rather evenly matched, but the prophets
In athletic affairs have "picked the lower
classmen as victors. In the sprints and
on the track in general the sophomores
will win -a majority of the events, but In
the field the freshmen are much superior.
Following are the entries for Saturday's
events: .
Junior Class Team "Will Probably Go
North to. Compete With the
TJkiah High School
Athletes.
Freshmiu and Sophomores
Are to Meet in Annual
Competition.
ATHLETES READY
FOR FIELD DAY
DUEL CLOSES
A LOVE AFFAIR
American, Well Known in
the East, KilUd by a
Russian Count.
Attentions Paid to the Wife of thi
Nobleman Said to Have Caused
TTagedy at Ostend,
Belgium.
ALBANY. X. Y.. ifarch 5.-John
«or. Durant. who is reported to have been
Y.'.Y.f-'l in a duel at Ofitend. was an Alban
ian and com^s of a prominent family.
He was la Albany ta December. While
here, his friends fay, he acted In a man
ner indicating that his mir.d was unbal
anced. In the har.ds of one of his friends
he placed a number of letters which he
requested should be sent out at stated in
tervals to a certain woman in Paris. For
reason* best known to himself only, D-j
rant wanted this woman to think that he
was still in America. HSj= apparent trou
ble with this woman is supposed to have
Ud to the duel In which he lost his life.
When he Wt he did not take all his bag
gage. leaTing a large amount in Albany.
To his friends he said he in««ended to go
to Paris, finish some business on hand and
return here in a few months.
BOSS CROKER'S
IRE AROUSED
Well Kno-KTi in New York-
Durant was well known In the Ameri»
can colony here. He was a freqnent at
tendant at official receptloEE given by the
American officials. His engagement to a
young French womaa was recently an
nounc-d. They were to have been mar
ried In March. The names cf the Ru«
e:ar..« in the case have not j - et been ascer
tained.
This occurred durirg January. Later
the Count took the matter up. sending hia
*ecoad» to Liurarit. T*he latter went to
OfteaC with hie moth'-r, who afterward
departed for ar.d is etill in Glasgow. A
duel wfcs arransc-d end was fought yes
terday with pistols. I>urant wa* killed
«.nd the Count was seriously wounded.
iJizrasit registered ins CnarJcs Neville Car
ter. His mother has been noticed.
Death Ends the Love Affair.
According' : to the best information ob
tainable. Durar.t bad written letters to
the wife of the Count. The latter's
twphew came to Paris to settle the mat
ter rind ra»-t Luirarit in u restaurant, where
a vicious Osttt reralted, is iihich Duraut
lost his fror.t teeth. He tiruck the Rue
fion v.1th a heavy glass water bottle and
the Latter Ui«rd. but the doctor's certificate
gav<- congestion ot the brain as the cause
*j! death.
: PARIS. " March £.— John Wilson Du
ra.r:t cf New York, who has been li»"inff
for the laM two years !n Paris With his
mother at tbe Hotel la Fonde Tremoullle,
has been killed ax Osiend in a dud with
a Russian «"ount.
New York Politician De
nounces a Newspaper
for Falsehood.
"It hat* r<>me to fuch a pass that I am
unable to talk with reporters except in
the pr^pencf cf witnefj^i 1 !. ' All kinds of
friends have Y*>*-n . photographing my
place, dogs, jnshlw, etc.. using the pic
tures to Blvf: a fcrmolnnce of truth to their
libclous elatcxaents. I am not talking pol
itic* to any one and sensational reports
to the contrary may be set down as a
•fake.' 1 am only talking now because ln
<iipnatlon compels me to set myeelf right
with my friends In New York."
"Absolute proof of the wholesale false
hood Is the allegation, that I made a dec
laration announcing the forthcoming ma
jorities In New York. I do not think I
erer have lw»eri accused of beine such a
fool a* that. The statpra*-nt that I have
bought 115 arr*-s of property here is equal
ly as untrue a* my alleged statements re
garding L>every. t.'oler and others.
"You know how frf-quc-ntly I hax*e de
clined to ta'k on current events In New
York." eaid Mr. Croker this morning, "and
to find myself committed In the columns
of any pap»r regarding matter* 1 nev*-r
hav«» mentioned to a person is enough to
exapjvrrate any one.
"Not a, single line of the entire inter
view has a foot to stand on. It is a tissue
of lies frr/m U ginning to end. The news
paper has . be«.-n frightfully imposed upon
»)}• some one, and that person I propose
to discover and whip out of journalism.
If he is prpyart-d to perjure himself I am
r<ady to declare that I was nowhere near
M'antape on the day he la alleged to have
f-<-*-n me.
L0NDON, March S.-Rirnard Crokfr has
f-ldom his indignation at un
feuThorlzftd newspaper Interviews in nuch
ctnr.jj u-rms as he used to-day when
frhown a copy of a N>w York nowepaprr
of February 34, containing an ailc-jred ex
haustive Ftat'-m^nt of his views regarding
N*w York politics.
CASTAKE WINS IN AN EXCITING
THREE-HEAD FINISH AT OAKLAND
THE SA>" FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH «, 190t -
Officer. of Third United States Infantry
Dies in the Emergency Hospital as
the Result of Excessive Drinking
LIEUTENANT STEWART
A VICTIM OF ALCOHOL
.SECOND LIEUTENANT. WALTER E. STEWART JR., WHO WAS FOUND
ON* A BENCH IN A PUBLIC PARK EARLY YESTERDAY HORNING IN
A DYING CONDITION BY THE POLICE. • V. -
Last year 337,833.000 whiteflsh' fry were
liberated In the Great * Lakes. -
TACOMA, March 5.— M. M. Laughlln.
master mechanic In th« Treadwell mine,
while alighting from the eklp missed his
footing and fell 400 fcfit to the bottom of
the main shaft on Thursday last. He 1»
survived by a widow and four cbildrcu-
Falls Down a Mine Shaft.
; BOSTON, March 6.— George Gardiner,
middleweight champion of- Great Britain!
tq-day issued'a challenge to Tommy Ryan
for a fight to settle the middleweight
championship of the world. Gardiner
says he will post $250 in Boston on Thurs
day in support of his challenge. If Ryan
does not accept Gardiner says his offer
Is open to Jack Root. Gardiner also says
that in addition to this offer he' is willing
to make, a match with. Kid McCoy to
fight him either in this country or In Kng-
Iand. . ' ¦ •
Gardiner Anxious to Fight.
Palo experts from Burlinjrame will give
an exhibition of their skill in Golden Gate
Park on Wednesday ' afternoon next. . A
match game has been arranged between
two clever teams and the residents of this
city will have another opportunity to
watch tho, sport.
Tho fiurllnjrame aggregation will be
composed of Charles Dunphy, Joseph S.
Tobln. Thomas Q. Driscoll and Walter S.
Hcbart. .The Hurlingham four will pit
their skill against. the "Bllnfcumites." The
former team is composed of Walter Mc-
Creery, F. Menzies, Lawrence McCreery
and F. Jay Mackay. /
Experts From Burlingame Scheduled
for Match Game on Wednes
day Next.
WIUL PLaY POLO IN
GOLDEN GATE PARK
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A MEDICAL MILLENNIUM.
CHORUS.
No more do learned doctors disagree, ,
But merits of Kin* Verus sing; with, glee. 1
King Verus. at thy worthy feet- wt fall. r'iy.%.
Thy right we own and now proclaim to alL . .
Let courtesy on wildest tempest blow. '
A higher debt to all mankind we owe. .
Come. let us all In sweet accord crown Verus Kins:
¦ Though earth be rent and heavens fall, his praise we'll' star-'
Ten thousand tongues and harps of loudest, sweetest strain
¦ Shall not appeal to nature's noblemen In vain.
Take heed, we now declare Kins Verus will your Piles forever cun
And give new life Instead of misery you endure.
OUR RECORD SHOWS OVER 10,000 CURBD.
Verus Pile Cure CURES, or $50 Forfeited.
WORST CASES CURED WITH ONE BOX.
"I had piles for twenty-five long years and I tried every' rem«<Jy I could hear cf but
they did me no good. In fact I trot worse. At last I was persuaded to try Verua Ptt» Cure.
1 Kot a box and I testify it cured me in five applications. »o my a.lvlc* to all who suffer
with Piles 1*. 'Use nothing but Verus Pile Cure, for there to nothin* like It/
••p s.— Ami may God bios you for dlscovertn* such a remedy.
"F. W. SMITH, 82 TT.* Madison St.. Chlca*<S HI."
" This wonderful cure for ' Piles for Bale by the followlnr UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS:
J S Potts Drug Co.. distributing depot for Dr. H. B. Kllbourn. 631 Third st.
San Francisco. 1018 Market sc ¦ . - . Van >fe»s Pharmacy. Market and Van Nets,
Lion- Pharmacy. 852 Market st.. cor. Stockton. Wm. J. Bryan, under Grand Hotel.
McDonald's Pharmacy. 108 Grant ave. N. S. Thompson. Steuart and Market sts,
J Calegaris, Kearny and Pacific' sts. ¦ Root's, Sixth and Howard sts.
j' H. Boyson. Twenty-first and Valencia sts. Park Hotel Pharmacy, Alameda.
I>ahlben<ler & Co.. 214 Kearny st. . Bender's Alameda Pharmacy. Alameda.
Val Schmidt's. Polk and Jackson sts. Pond's Berkeley - Pharmacy. Berkeley.
The Grant Drug Co.. 35-10 Third st. Osg-ood Bros.. Seventh and Broadway. Oakland
A T> VrTR-TTS'rT M " K WT8.
SENT FREEJO MEN !
A Most Remarkablo Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Viyor
to Men.
A Freo Trial Package Sent by Mall
r -r to All Who Wrlto.
Free t:-lal packages of a xni-X. remarka-
Lie remedy aro being mailed to all who
•will write the Suite Medical Institute.
lhey cured bo many men who had bat-
tfed for years against -the mental an<l
jjhyglcal guttering of lost manhood' that
the- Institute lias decided to distribute
tree trial packages to all who write; It
is a home treatment, and all men who
buffer from any form or sexual weakness
resulting from youthful -oily, premature
Ioe» of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed
it cures all the ills and troubles that coma
jrom year* cf misuse or the natural func-
tions end has been an absolute success
j-i all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, S-S Elcktron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
cf their fr» trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
tlrou* of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
eC and the free sample will enable them
to s' I how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are Tnployed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
b» sent a free sample, carefully pealed
In a nlaln package, so. that Jts recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Readers axe requeeted to write
without delay.TO SAIL.
The prosecution in the cases of Thomas
Burn?, ex-School Director, and J. J.*
O'Brien, ex-Inspector of public .school
buildings, charged before Judge Cook with
conspiring to defraud the city In connec
tion with the contract for lumber supplied
to the department by E. D. Swift & Co..
received a serious setback yesterday, and
it is possible the jury may be discharged
to-day and the cases dismissed.
Charles A. Welch, secretary of the
Board of education at the time of the al
leged conspiracy, and Charles A. Barring
tcn, thc then president of the board, were
examined, and It was during their exam
ination that Attorney Riordan for the de
fendants raised the point that any testi
mony as to the contract between E. D.
8wift & Co. and the city and county was
irrelevant and Immaterial. It might be
Purim Ball and Entertainment
- Next Sunday at the Native Sons' Hall
the Maccabeean Club of the Emanuel Sls
terhood will give a grand ball and enter
tainment.
Evidence of Conspiracy to
Defraud Not Forth
coming. .
ACCUSED MEN
SCORE A POINT
WEDXESDAT, MARCH ft.
Sun rises 6:3!
Sun sets •. C:OS
Moon rises 7:33 p. m.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE The sale of seats
for thc Sembrlch' grand opera season will com
mence at . Morosco's Grand Ooera-house this
morning at 9 o'clock. The season will consist
of six performances
The above three gentlemen will take
part in a farce that evening which was
written by Mr. Jos. Green of the Mac
cabeean Club. It Is a play whiab will
make the people ; laugh. The Jewish
Orphan. Asylum band will play some of
their selections. • Miss Regine Dottner
Jacobson, . late, from Australia. -has dedi
cated a lovely - waltz to the club, which
will be played for the first time that even
ingi besides • other good talent will ap
pear. This ball Is given for the beneflr
of the sisterhood building- fund. From all
indications the hall will be crowded. Pro
gramme commences 8 p. m. sharp at the
Native Sons' Hall. A good time is prom
ised to all.
NOTE— In the above exposition ¦ of the tides
the early mornlnft tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides,* as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is- subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
<s the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphic ¦ Office. TJ. B. jr.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, •; Cal..
March 5, 1901." •
.The time ball on the tower, of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. c'. at ' noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ¦
,"¦- C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. NV, in charge.
Try to Bob a Saloon.
Thomas McGlnnery and E. H. Huntlne
tbn were arrested at an early hour yester
day -morning by Sergeant Helms and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
attempted- burglary. -The sergeant saw
them trying to force their way Into th©
Derby • saloon at Morton and Stockton
streets. .They had succeeded In wrenching
off the lock with a large iron hook when
Sues for Discovering an Asset.
Michael Hawkins brought suit yester
day. In the Justices' «'ourt against Wil
liam Meagher. Judge James V. Coffey and
Jeremiah Coftey. as «xt>cutors of the will
of Michael Meagher. deceased, for the re
covery of $149 »5. alleged to be due under
an agreement. In his complaint Hawkins
avers that when the S40.000 estate of
Michael Meagher was finally distributed
he discovered the fees earned by Michael
Meagher as special administrator of the
estate of Mrs. Burke, a cousin of Haw
kins and a sister of Peter Donahue,
amounting to S100O. tvoro not Included in
¦the Inventor}*- Hawkins then spade a
proposition to William Meagher to drvuige
the character of the property omitted
from- the Inventory of the- Michael Mea
gher estate If ne (William Meagher) would
give "Hawkins one-third of the amount so
discovered. Meagher agreed to do so. but.
it- is alleged*, repudiated the agreement
after the omitted asset was added to the
Inventory and ¦ the estate • finally distrib
uted. Hence the suit. '
WILLIAM McXEOWN KILLED
v-; IN THE BATLEOAD YABDS
His Lifeless Body Is Found Crushed
Bs tween the Train and the
Platform. I '
William McKeown. an employe of Tates
& Co., was crushed to death between a
moving freight train and a platform in
the Southern Pacific yards, between Fifth
and Sixth streets, yesterday afternoon.
No one seems to know how the acci
dent occurred. Thus far Coroner Leland
has been unable to find any eye wit
nesses."
material In regard to Swift, the other de
fendant, but he was not on trial.
Considerable argument followed, durlnc
which Assistant District Attorney Deu
prey admitted that the only proof he had
against the two defendants was that
Burns, as chairman of the Buildings Com
mittee, and O'Brien, as Inspector, certi
fied to the correctness of the accounts for
lumber. He had no proof by any person
that they divided the money between
them.
Attomey Riordan contended that the
prosecution must first prove a conspiracy
and then the overt act.
The Judge remarked that the prosecu
tion must have evidence to prove a con
spiracy before the defendants could be
convicted. It must be shown that the de
fendants were concerned In the commis
sion of a crime, whether directly commit
ting the act constituting the offense or
aiding and abetting In Its commission.
Deuprey admitted that he had no evi
dence that the defendants knew that the
claims were false. There was only the
circumstance that they certified to the
claims beln? correct.
The Judge, after hearing that admission,
said tt was a waste -of time for the Jury
to stay and he < releas«d them till this
morning:, as Attorney Riordan promised to
submit authorities during the afternoon In
support of his contention. In the after
noon he submitted authorities and the
can? was continued till this morning, when
I>euprey will be heard in reply.
At the morning session E. D. Swift was
put on the stand, but he declined to testify
on the ground that he is a co-defendant-
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
th© d'.y front (MisMon-street wharf) • about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort. Point:
the height of tide is the sa.m« at both places.
Sun, • Moon' and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters 'at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Wheat Shipments.
Tuesday, March. 5.
Etmr Glr*JV Leland, 10 hours from Santa
Cruz. . • • . .
Shipping Intelligence.
The British *hlp Thlstlebank Balled yester
day for Queenstown for orders, wjth X2.110 ctls
wheat, valued at JT\.<-<1. and 24.0>JO ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $!G0.
The steamer Carlisle C"Ur. which nailed ye»
terday for China, via San Diego, carried mer
chandise \alued at J17.43S as cargo from this
port. The cargo was manifested as follows:
For Manila — 1750 eg whisky. 22 ca hardware.
!"• cs canned goods. 5>> kega saucrknat, 300 ca
win*. 3 Ills glassware, 5 , cs photo goods
Value. $I3,T0J.
For Japan— 3 cs bicycles and sundries, 8 pkgs
bar mr.t.-rlal. Value. $€00.
For Ilr-n^kcntr— ;il baps sea shells, £0 bbls
flour. Value. IIS.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Florence will load coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu: the, Klikltat, lumber at Port Lud
low for Honolulu.
Shipping: Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NTTWS OF TiUS OCEAN.
The steamer Gipsy has been laid off the
Santa Cruz run in order to get a new
shaft and the Alex Duncan has taken her
place.
Colkctor of the Port F. S. Stratton took
a party of his lady and gentlemen friends
on an excursion around the bay yester
day on the revenue cutter Golden Gate.
The schooners Lily. Repeat and J. G.
Wall were outside the gate on Saturday
night. The Lily and Repeat succeeded in
petting In yesterday, but the Wall was
still outside at sundown. Victor Sjoholm
mate of the Lily, committed 6Uldde when
the schooner was thirty miles west of
t'mpqua. He had been acting queerly for
several days, and without saying a word
to anybody he Jumped overboard. The
Lily was put about and a boat lowered
but no trace of the missing mate could
be found.
James Jones fell down the hold of tne
bark Fresno yesterday and sprained his
back, besides receiving several abrasion*
of the f>calp and right arm. The doctors
at the Harbor Hospital fear Internal in
juries.
Captain E. R. Whitney, late of the
steamship Elllm Thomson, and R, a.
Turner have been appointed Assistant In
spectors of hulls, and boilers for Puget
Sound.
Lieutenant Wood. U. S. N., In charge of
the branch Hydrographlc office at Port
land. Is In the rity. He goe* to Mare Isl
and to be examined for promotion.
"Water Front Notes.
The PaciSc Ccast Steamship Company
is about to increase and improve Its fleet
in Alaskan waters. At the present time
the Cottage City. Al-Ki and City of To
peka are doing all the business. It Is the
intention to, within a few weeks, turn
the Al-Kl Into a general utility boat and
put the State of California on the run.
By the end of this month the new steam
ship Spokane, built especially for the
Alaskan excursion trade, will be ready to
po Into commission and by the first week
in April the regular service will be con
ducted by the magnificent steamships
State of California, iSpokane and City of
Topeka. The Cottage City will then be
turned into a through filer between Seat
between Skaguay. The Senator will run
be tween San Francisco and Xom<\ call-
Ing at Seattle, and the City of Puebla
will be ready for service the first week
In April. She -will go back Into the Puget
Sound trade, running In conjunction with
the Walla Walla and Umatllla.
More Steamers for Alaska.
The merchants who failed to get their
goods aboard the Harry Morse because
the teamsters would not handle the stulf
have made a satisfactory arrangement
with the owners of the vessel. The mer
chandise will be sent from here by steam
er and put aboard the Morse at Astoria.
This means a loss to the sellers of the
goods.
The bark Harry Morse got away for
Columbia River yesterday under police
protection. The longshoremen would net
give in, the teamsters wo>uld not haul the
merchandise and at the last minute the
Sailors' Union tried to get the union mei
to leave the vessel. In consequence Po
licemen Ingham, Bean and Barrv went aa
far as Fort Point on ihe bark, while Ser
geant Brophy and Police Officers Clifford
And Mullander kept watch on the wharf.
Not a civilian on the wharf would throw
off the vessel's lines. sv> the policemen had
to do that worlc
Throw Off Lines.
EAHK HARRY MORSE SAILS.
No Cargo Is Taken and Policemen
•west of the Columbia River and Captain
Plltz decided to head for San Francisco.
Upon reaching here the cargo was dis
charged and the ship was put on the dry
dock for an overhauling. Her owners,
upon looking the vessel over, decided to
turn her into a bark. This was done, so
the Bhip Challenger Is now a thing of the
past. As a bark she carries two men less
in the forecastle and Captain Fownes
thinks sne will sail better and be more
easily handled under her new rig.
TOKOHAMA-Sailed prior to March 5— Stmr
Kvarven. from Hongkong, for San Francisco.
BOLLOGNE— Sailed March 5— Stmr Batavla,
from Hamburg, for New York.
LIVERPOOI^-Arrived March »-Stmr Servla.
from New York; stmr Tunlson, from Portland
GLASGOW— Arrived March »-Stmr Sar
dinian, from New York; etmr Peruvian, from
Portland.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 6 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded without communicating, owning to
rcurh weather.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived March &-Stmr Werra.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa, and
proceed td.
LIZARD— Passed March 5— Stmr Laha. from
New York, for Bremen.
BREMEN— Arrived March 5-Etmr Oldenberg
from Xew York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Etmr Crescent City, Payne. 33 hours, from
Crescent City. . . V.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 75 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Ptmr Xoyo. Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Brag*.
Stmr Arso, Hughes, 45 hours from Ccquill-i
River.
Stmr Whltjsboro, Olsen, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Klitpaaru, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen. 14 hours from Eu
reka; bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, 7 days from Port
land, etc.
gtmr Mackinaw. Llttlefield. SO hours from
Seattle.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmcnd. 3>4 days from
Oreter Harbor.
Ship Isaac Reed. Helrcquist, 9 days from
Seattle.
S?hr Rereat. Olsen. U days from Willapa
Harbcr.
Schr Lily. Bottser. 11 days from Umrxjua-
Scbr Newark, Beck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landlrr.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, March 5.
Stmr Queen. Thomas. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
"VVhalins stmr Belvedere, Devall, whaling
cruise; Lewis Anderson & Co.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Chemainus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br ftmr Royalist, Tlerney, Sydney; Swayne
& Hoyt.
Br ship Thlstlebank, Paterson, Queenstown;
G W MeNear.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 3.
Stmr L«e«lanaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie. .
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen. San Pedro.
Btmr Bonita. Norander. San Pedro.
I.* S Ftmr Mohican. Coud<»n. Ma^dalena Bay.
Br stmr Carlisle City. Patterson. San Diego
and Hcnskonr.
Br ship Montgomeryshire, Edwards, Queens
tow a.
Bark Harry Morse. Fullerton. Astoria.
Bark Gatherer. Younpsrab. Tacoma.
Schr Mary F Russ. Wlkend^r. Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman. Bowens Landing.
Schr H C Wright. Nlelson. Puget Sound.
SPOKEN
Jan 10. lat 3 S, Ion Zl W— Br- ship Ladakh.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Feb 15, lat 2 S, Ion 28 W— Br bark Strathdon.
hence Oct SO. for London.
Jan 12. lat 22 45 S. Ion 2S 12 W— G«r ship
Alsternlxe, hence Oct 14. for London.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, March 4-Russ ship City of Be
nares, previously reported, was floated with
assistance of four tu?s and docked at Run
corn; sitcht damages.
J MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Lily— Feb 13, 30 miles west of Urap
qua. Second Mate Victor SJoholm Jumped over
board and was drowned. He was & native of
Finland, aged 41 years.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 5, 10 p in— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BUAKELEY- Sailed March 5— Br itmr
Port Stephens, for Port Plrie; schr Challenger,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived' March 4-Schr Mil
dred, from Seattle.
GRAYS . HARBOR — Sailed March 5— Schr
Halcyon, for San Francisco; schr Jennie Stella,
for San Francisco : echr Laura Madsen, for
R^dondo: stmr Newburg, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 6 — Stmr Coronado. hence Feb
2S; stmr Coquille Illver. hence Feb !S.
C*3OS BAY— Arrived March 5— Stmr Chlco,
hence Feb 27.
Sailed March S— Schr Ivy. for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed In March 5— U S stmr
Manzanlta.
SEATTLE — Arrived March S — Stmrs KHhu
Thomson and Excelsior, from Valdez.
Sailed March 4— Stmr Victorian, for Ska&uay.
March S— Schr Comet, for San Pedro."
EIREKA- Arriied March i— Stmr Pasadena,
from Sun Pedro.
Arrived March 5— Stmr Pomona, hence March
4; stmr South Coast, hence March 4.
Sailed March 5— Stmrs North Fork and Nome
'City, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed March 5— Stmr Luella, for
San DIeso.
TACOMA— Sailed March 5— Schr Annie Lar
een. for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Sailed March 4— Barge Santa
Paula and tu«r Rescue, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEND — Arrived March 5— Schr
Martha W Tuft, from Yakutat.
Returned March »-Schr E K Wood, from
sea.-
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 5— Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH-Anived March 4— Br ship
Glenarrt. from Tacoma.
QCEEN'STOWN— Arrived March 3— Br ship
Penthesllla. from Astoria.
GRIMSBT— Arrived March 1— Br ship Cen
turion, from Portland.
BRISBANE— Arrived March 2-Br stmr Aor
an<rl. from Portland. • -
HUM. — Arrived March * — Br ship Klnross
rhlre, hence Pert- 1.
HONGKONG— Sailed— U S atmr Eamoa, for
San Francisco.
LI VERPOOL — Arrived March 4— Br ship
Afchanl*tan, hence Augr 2S.
LOXIKJN— Sailed March 4— Br ship Largo
Law. fcr Vancouver.
AUCKLAND— Arrived March 6, at noon— Stmr
Ventura, hence Feb 14.
fcT VINCENT— Arrived prior to March 6— Br
itm' Hyson, from Tacoma.
6TDNET— Arrived March 5— Br ttmr Aorangl
from Vancouver. : . ¦ . •
SANTA ROSALIA-In port F»b 21-Ger baric
Ossryio, from Hambur*: Br ships Crown of
I>nmark and Ollvebank. for Iquique: Br shio
Marion Joslah. for Iquique. ready for sea.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
«£.?¥ Y P R K-Sailed March 6-Stmr Kaiser
Wllhflm der Grcsse, for Bremen, via South
ampton: Btmr Bovic. for Liverpool . -
- *S USSESF'IS - V -Arrlved prior tt> March
6 — Ptmr Hyson, from Tarama. for Xarlm
SYDNEY. NSW-Arrlved prior to March 6-
Stmr Aorannl. from Vancouver, via Honolulu
and Brisbane.
AUCKL,A>.T>-Arrlr»4 March 5— Stmr Ven
tura, from San Francisco. vOl Honolulu, for
Sydney. .. • •
QUEBXSTOWX — Arrived March '¦ 6-Stmr
Lake Superior, from St John. N B, for Liver
pool
OLD-TIME VESSEL CHALLENGER THAT SAILED FROM PUGET SOUND AS A SHIP BUT WAS PARTLY DIS
MASTED IN A GALE AND PUT IN HERE. SHE HAS BEEN RERIGGED AS A BARK AND WILL SAIL FOR
AUSTRALIA.
THE bark Challenger cleared for
Sydney. N. S. *V.. yesterday with
a cargo composed of 631,561 feet of
lumber. 1116 bundles of laths and
50 cases of powder, all valued at
{15,316.
When the Challenger put In here in dis
tress on December 2S s'.ie was ehip-riggod
and was in command of Captain Piltz.
Yesterday she went out bark-rigged and
in command of Captain Fownes.
The Challenger saileJ from Oyster Har
bor on November ZS with a cargo of coal
for Kahului, H. I. On December IS, in
latitude 42 deg. H mln. north, longitude
121 dec 4'S ralr.. west, she was caueht in
a heavy gale, in which the supports of th«
main topsail were carried away. The next
day cuite a number of the sails were
blown out of the bo.t ropes and the ship
betran to labor. On December 20 the main
topmast, with everything attached, went
by the board and soon afterward the mlz
zen mast, being left without any support,
.followed the main tpnmast. The bul
warks and railing were smashed into
kindling, the lifeboat on the port Quarter
was stove in and the ship sprang a leak.
The Challenger was now 150. miles south-
While on .Her Way to Kahului She Is Caught in Heavy Gale
and Nearly Wrecked and Enters This Port in Distress.
Bark Harry Morse Sails, Policemen Casting Off Lines
DISMASTED SHIP CHALLENGER
IS NOW RIGGED AS A BARK
Chief Sullivan Instructed to CI0S2
the Disreputabl-e Houses
Situated on Dupont
Street
The Police Commissioners, In accord
ance with th2 decision of the Superior
Court, decided last night to reinstate Wil
liam Price to his former rank of lieuten
ant of i>olice. Price was disrated to the
rank cf sergeant by the oJd Board of Po
lice Commissioners. He was deprived of
the right of a hearing, and on this 6how
ii-C the Superior Court a 6hort time ago,
after the facts in the case had been sub
mitted, rendered a decision restoring him
to his former rank and ordering the Board
of Police Commissioners to reinstate him.
When the mandate or the Superior
Court had been read to the Commission
er* last night. ex-Assistant District Al
tcrney Black, who represented Price, re
vitwed the case at length and asked that.
is. view of the decision of the Superior
Court, the ex-lieutenant be reinstated.
President New hall asked if Price, in case
the beard decided to reinstate him, would
demand his back pay as a lieutenant of
police.
.b.-ck replied that Price waived all
claim to any money that was coming to
Llsi eir.ee tls disrateinent.
Commissioner Wallace argued that if
the board decided to comply with the
mandate of the Superior Court the other
cScers who were disrated by the old
board were equally entitled to reinstate
ment.
Attorney Black contended that Price's
case was not the same as the cases of
other disrated cfEcers. as they had made
eo attempt to be restored to their rank
untU Price had instituted suit.
Commissioner Howell thought It proper
to obey the mandate cf the Superior Court
and euggested that the board reinstate
Price.
After eome further discussion a resolu
tion was Introduced reinstating: the dis
rated oScer. It was adopted by a vote of
ihree to one. Commissioner Wallace being
the only member of the board to vote
tf u :r..-: It, although he announced that
he thought the oSicer had been unjustly
treated by the r>Id board.
The board did r.nt thir.k It tr'.thin Its
province to crier the policemen under Its
control to ¦undergo vaccination and a
comrnKnica-ilon from the Board of Health
asking- for such an order was s'.aced on
file.
Rev. Father 'Wj-ir.aa appeared before
¦the commission and pr^test^d ag-ainst the
existence of di!=rer>i:table houses in the
vicinity cf the proposed St. Mary's Square.
"It w-.i.« only a f«>w- <iiys ago." remarked
the revwrwwJ gentleman in decrj'lng' the
evil, 'that Srrgeant of Police Tobin ln-
Cocxbed n-.e that peverai notorious houte?
cr. St. Mary street had been reopened. I
understand that the tr.mates were arrest
ed nr.d f»re a waiting tilal in the Police
Court. There are a number of these
houses on Dupont street and some means
cucr.t to be taken to close them."
Ct::ef Sullivan replied that he was In
favor at Fuppre5sir.?: tb«.' houses, but as
the [mnalea would then move Into the reo-
Id^nce portion of the city and flaunt their
(shame h<? was at a ioss to know what to
do in the rnatter.
Commissioner Newhall argued that ln
arrn-jch as The existence of such houses
liad l»en officially called to the attention
of the board, he was in favor of imme
diate action. On hie motion the Chief
was instructed to close all the dens along
Dupont street and In the vicinity of the
proposed ' St. Mary's Square.
Policeman John Porter was fined 5109
for reporting- for duty in an Intoxicated
condition and John D. Shine was dis
miwtfri frcm the force for being absent
from duty.
The C'-mmi5si-ir.ers Geeidei to renew
the license of th« Cafe Royal, Coramis
e!oner Mabonejr voting no.
Police Commissioners Obey
Mandate of Superior
Court.
PRICE RESTORED
TO FORMER RANK
THE SAX FRAXC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 19D1.
5
Steamer,
Destination
Salls.l Pier.
March O. \ \
Artro.. CoquIUe River 4 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Acn.e JTillamook Bay ....12 m Pier 13
W. Kruser...|Tlllamook Bay .... S pm Pier 13
Mandalay jCoqullIe River B pm Pier 2
Queen 1'San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 7. j
St Paul . N * ew Tortc vla fan 10 am|Pler 27
Fa'nta. Ana... I Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 amiPler 2
Sierra ..! Sydney & Way Pts 2 pmlPler 7
Fureka HumboJdt 9 am PI<?r 13
Coptic " China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatiila" Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Mnreh 8.
\rcata Coos Bay ; 12 m] Pier 13
Pprii V"" Panarna & Wa >' 12 mjPMSS
North Fork "" Ilumboldt 9 am Pier 2
Cornra Newport 3 am Pier U
Colombia:.".'.": Valparalw & Way 12 m S.W. 2
March O.
Alliance Vr Orti^ £ Co03 Bay I am Pler ~
Pomona Ilumboldt 2 pm Pier 3
G W Elder.. Af!torla & Portland 11 am Pier 14
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
.Mnrcli 1O.
Santa Rosa.. San Dlf> *° •• » am Pier 11
March 11.
N'ewburg Grays Harbor (Pier 2
Czarina ...'Seattle & Taeoma.. 12 mjpler 8
I March 12.
City of Puebl I Pupet SqwM Ports U am Pier 9
Bonita | Newport 9 am Pier 11
teamer. I
From.
Due.
I
Nome CItr ! Humboldt .. |Mar. «
Alliance IPortland & Coos Bay.. Mar 6
North Fork.... Humboldt Mar «
G. \V. Elder 'Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 6
C D. Lane 'Panama Mar 6
C°r°na (Newport ...Mar. 6
Macdnaw :Seattle Mar. 6
Arcata (Coos Bay Mar 7
Newburg- jGrays Harbor Ma.r 7
Point Arena iPolnt Arena Mar 7
Panta Rosa.... | San Diego Mar' 7
Mattewan Tacoma Mar 7
Pomona Htimboldt Mar" 7
America Maru. China and Japan Mar 8
State of Cal... iPu^ft Sound Ports.... Mar. 8
Santa Barbara; Kumboldt „. Mar. S
Czarina 'Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 9
Chlco ..(TUlamook Bar Mar 9
Coqullle Rlver-iGrays Harbor Mar 10
Qu^en jSan Diesro Mar". 10
Bonlta iNewport Mar, 10
Newport ,. 'Panama & Way Ports. Mar! 10
Australia jTahltl Mar 10
Kvarven Jaran via San Diego... Mar. 10
Progreso Tacoma Mar 10
Eureka Humboldt Mar 13
Columbia Portland and Astoria. .tMar 11
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Mar. 11
D Time Time JTlme Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? ' II W L W II IV L W
6 ... 0:M 6.S 6:0? 1.4 1I:2S 6.0 «:15 i.l
7... O:M| 5.3 6:4: 1.4 1:OT 4.7 C:42 l.S
8 ... 1:17 5.2 7:20 1.1 1:52 4.5 7:11 1.1
9... 1:42 6.2 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.»
ID... 2:06 6.1 8:47 1.0 3:3S 4.0 8:22 2.6
11 ... IMS 5.0 9:40 0.? 4:45 3.9 »:11 2.»
12 ... 3:S6 5.0 10:40 0.8] 5:57 4.0 10:12| 3.1
D Time Time JTlme Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? ' II W L W II IV L W
6 ... 0:M 6.S 6:0? 1.4 1I:2S 6.0 «:15 i.l
7... O:M| 5.3 6:4: 1.4 1:OT 4.7 C:42 l.S
8 ... 1:17 5.2 7:20 1.1 1:52 4.5 7:11 1.1
9... 1:42 6.2 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.»
ID... 2:06 6.1 8:47 1.0 3:3S 4.0 8:22 2.6
11 ... IMS 5.0 9:40 0.? 4:45 3.9 »:11 2.»
12 ... 3:S6 5.0 10:40 0.8] 5:57 4.0 10:12| 3.1
Steamer,
Destination
Salls.l Pier.
March O. \ \
Artro.. CoquIUe River 4 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Acn.e JTillamook Bay ....12 m Pier 13
W. Kruser...|Tlllamook Bay .... S pm Pier 13
Mandalay jCoqullIe River B pm Pier 2
Queen 1'San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 7. j
St Paul . N * ew Tortc vla fan 10 am|Pler 27
Fa'nta. Ana... I Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 amiPler 2
Sierra ..! Sydney & Way Pts 2 pmlPler 7
Fureka HumboJdt 9 am PI<?r 13
Coptic " China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatiila" Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Mnreh 8.
\rcata Coos Bay ; 12 m] Pier 13
Pprii V"" Panarna & Wa >' 12 mjPMSS
North Fork "" Ilumboldt 9 am Pier 2
Cornra Newport 3 am Pier U
Colombia:.".'.": Valparalw & Way 12 m S.W. 2
March O.
Alliance Vr Orti^ £ Co03 Bay I am Pler ~
Pomona Ilumboldt 2 pm Pier 3
G W Elder.. Af!torla & Portland 11 am Pier 14
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
.Mnrcli 1O.
Santa Rosa.. San Dlf> *° •• » am Pier 11
March 11.
N'ewburg Grays Harbor (Pier 2
Czarina ...'Seattle & Taeoma.. 12 mjpler 8
I March 12.
City of Puebl I Pupet SqwM Ports U am Pier 9
Bonita | Newport 9 am Pier 11
teamer. I
From.
Due.
I
Nome CItr ! Humboldt .. |Mar. «
Alliance IPortland & Coos Bay.. Mar 6
North Fork.... Humboldt Mar «
G. \V. Elder 'Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 6
C D. Lane 'Panama Mar 6
C°r°na (Newport ...Mar. 6
Macdnaw :Seattle Mar. 6
Arcata (Coos Bay Mar 7
Newburg- jGrays Harbor Ma.r 7
Point Arena iPolnt Arena Mar 7
Panta Rosa.... | San Diego Mar' 7
Mattewan Tacoma Mar 7
Pomona Htimboldt Mar" 7
America Maru. China and Japan Mar 8
State of Cal... iPu^ft Sound Ports.... Mar. 8
Santa Barbara; Kumboldt „. Mar. S
Czarina 'Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 9
Chlco ..(TUlamook Bar Mar 9
Coqullle Rlver-iGrays Harbor Mar 10
Qu^en jSan Diesro Mar". 10
Bonlta iNewport Mar, 10
Newport ,. 'Panama & Way Ports. Mar! 10
Australia jTahltl Mar 10
Kvarven Jaran via San Diego... Mar. 10
Progreso Tacoma Mar 10
Eureka Humboldt Mar 13
Columbia Portland and Astoria. .tMar 11
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Mar. 11
Weekly Gall, Si per Year
§VIM, \7GOa. VITALITY for MLN
JIORMO.V BISHOPS PILLS
thtv* l*en In use over fifty
y^ars by the leaders of the
Vonnoa Church and their fol-
Iomer*. Positively cure th«
¦»ror«t c«»e« In old and young
•ri*!r.£ from effects of selr-
•buse. dissipation. • excesses or
<-learette-Emckln(e. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impoteory. Lost
Power. Kleht I^»»«. In«om-
»•&. Pa!n* Jn Back. BrQ Desire. Lame Birk.
h'»r.ous I>bi!!ty. Hrafiach*. Unfltnesa to M.r-
10 . Liors of Sfm«i. «m Varicocel* tt C'cn-
•tiraiion. Ftop<« X«* *"3 C^Jf nou » Twitching
cf Eyelid*. KfTeot!"?r^.Jtr«-* r e immrdiate.
impart vijror and c - c: ' 1 '* to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is »t
ic.iA. R«>»iore »ma!l. undn'eloped orcass.
the brain and nerve centers: T4e a
box; « for (2 SO br mall. A written fU»ran!-»
to curt «r raonejr refunded with < horn. Clr-
aUn fr*e. AtCntr BIEHOP REMEDT CO..
«?• EMI* rt.. San Frarcl^co. C.L GRANT
tiEUG CO.. a *nd *H Third tt-
THE EMPOBITm.
THE ZMPOBITTSL
ADVEETISEBTENTS.
I, wM^tf'S&i'-' i'ttwenRCteBaxW.^ New Ihm yatos, i
g». */.« 10 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. 50C tO 54.00. J|
I To-Day' s Special Safes* |
S Special Sale of the $2O, $25 and S3O Dresses, s
i J^ a , nufa Z* l !r er 'f£f c !Fj! s $15 Until Lot Is Sold. *
I Men's and Boys' Clothing. w . i
J r^ M en -» $»*. S o »nd <x 7 . S o s»ck sui», $8.45 and we nave J^st cie3rea ouc ins j&l £
E < fe > $ti»2ss Bo } $* $ 5 .oo *ni $6.00 smu, $2.35 stock of a local manufac- &MIS *
» V3 and $3'35; and many other <qui% itartUng bar- turef ahoilt 1OO *T)\end\d <$**f S
J. A«L « ans - These garmentf, made by a manufacturer of IUI CT , dUOUt MMJV bpiCHUIU *%,? -g
V\*Ar\ theiestkind of clothing for men . all-wool Ta'lor Dresses; all /f§v\ 5
S / ) [ \ ffl aad bojs, were not firbbfd b time colors and s'zm and styles; a grear many /f^n «
i(J , S ¦£tr2w C £ ld J?£ — P'.c new Sprf ng D r s ; , but m » t /(M |
* \l / /\^7\ roancficturrr'i hands. We made cf t**™ w «e made for the fall business. f [*-*vW j«
K NJ) ii \z^J rr-t(\ him an offer for the entire let, which TTiey are all nice medium weight and \J ]/ «^
!C JM L • A) eaibI " us t0 thc Urest ttyle% at the styles are good. We bought them at jj U %
* AinSiiJ/ E^^i-wool Cheriot ,nd n "^ ***** « d *? » ** A % 5
K 1 // l-J Ossimer: S ck Suits, in «w way we 11 seU them. No: a sin- /J\ 1\ j
» / // Al nobby effects, for $3.4-5 gle dress in.the lot ever sold less / / A l\ %
K I ij }\\ Men'«'|is.co and $1 7. 50 Sack t han §20; the majority are / /// ,// \ 3
S Ir Suits, made of fine Wer^ted,, Ox- worth < 2 r and- <?O Begin- / \ I
K ' I lord Vicunai and fincy mixtures; . » Z) , *?. .' . K\ C / if \ "5
5 L— / T coat, either .ng'e or double brtast- ning to-day and until lot IS SO d, W Jl \
* tr-^^*^-^ ed style; for. . ...311.23 all «t One 4*fg£ A/d '2
S >R *°7* *+°° «ad.|j;.oo School n r , C e «L? B %J> B iL^ %£ *~*£5ea* 5
a w Suit«i doub'e-breasted coaa and ' '2
5 knee pacts; aU-wool fairies in fashionable spring colorings; sizes from Wooleti Waists. Half PHcCm '•«
6 8 to 16 years; fcr $2.35 w . ."«
* Boys'^5.00 an! |6.co Veitte Suitsj fine a 1-wcol Tvreafs, Cawmeres AU Ji.oo Wookn Waist?, special ; to-dar $1.OO «»
J and Cheviots; iiz:s for 3 to 7 yean; far $3*35 A 1 fi. 50 Woolen Waits, sped il to-day $1.25 ]g
tf Boys' $7.50 VesUc Suits, of handsome all-vroa! Srrges, Worsteds, A 1 53.00 Wooka Waists, ipecial to-day $t.5O .-«
S Cheviou and Ca«:meres; pretty lilk Ten; sizes for 3 to 10 years AU Woxen Wa r sts, sprdal t>^iay $2.OG £
* for $4.65; A 1 15.00 Woolen Waha, speciil to-day $2.50
» 211 '11 ¦ J|
g >9> Watnh I 65c Qualify Grocery Specials $
\ M Fobs 48c. Black Cheviot
* . L „,_ *?*&C 3 Yard. SodsCrickers-Frtthani crs-. ;| bexrs-ta- 2
ft W*!-^ These attractive Watch Fobs .,.,.,, r •.• j rf» If}** *5
fc , , , . , An auractive bargain In black goods for this day •••;;*••••,••• \ ••"..¦-••..?'*
£ for mm are mide of the best cn i y _ W e have secured at a th-rd leu than Olive Oil— McEwea s, best Cal&mia oil, .J
m? quality tilk ritbin, \% inches regular price about coo rardj of a 40-inch P' n "» «g«»y 50c— to-<!ar 43? %
** wide, with fine rolled gold black a'l-wool Cheviot, tp'endil qualit/ and Baking Powdcr-Etspormni brand, every t:n #
X W^m f , ; ' ihi.moch.inJem.al cloth hi. b-n s.lLng tcry-t^r, ,-b u,:- 30c *
• «• yTO^ tquare, oval and fancy desgns. r , ga : lr i v at 65c a yard— we offer -_ Cheese— Bcs: C.Ir.rr.Ia Ccam. rich and £
g =£== Rcgu'arly they ar; ntver ro'd it jt special tale to-da'v only °"{' d •.• • *p9 12}{° -J
I mm at l«i than 7S c; the big store'. ¦ ' M «^ lcr °7 '"^ J* e taT ° ntC ?
J .p,c-al. price fcrWedne^y ChOSCQ ToiiBt r^l^cW^V- S \
% W% Soap 14C BOX, Full quart bo:tl=s-oa fijl J
K W >. 1^ Wc ' laTe 'P-*^ 3^ S1 * e to-day J-'M 5
g A^^^^^'^j^i Aied out a (Wednesday) Jill s
£ Dress Linings MsfU^'S^ • 5^P #% I
£ and Skirtings. llsfe^Sgpltl^ cfthechoic- Do . m « l J= Porttr-B«i : T «v **^--^^ .^
5 1 For Wednesday oilv we offer so pieces of ¦; 2- T " «« hard- ' 7i^.^'^l^r^f 5 ? \ £P C \
X inch m-taUc striped skirting; b'ack ground., miUed ToiTet Scaps oa the market. It is the 5w«tt VS.ne-Cho:ce r Ange;- U^JitnlM #
*: with four different colored .hading,; all th" ftmOM " Sa ' on * Viaeae.." havbg a tme •«, Tokay or Madeira, ZTj^oUrM X
ft newest design?; an extra heavy fat- — violet odcr, de icate and lasting; never been sxd rrgu«-v 51.50 a S^n— '^J
J een; worth regularly 15c a vard, for l4C Ic!J tha;l 1O: a cakc » or 3 for z > c > but izz ' $TK : tc-day only. .95c J»
X ¦ 1— tuna'e purchase enables us to offer it t> you for n - r <r> / £¦ '*
* gyrannt** «J«aa# ttisdav on'y (Wednesdav), bo« of fJB^ d£B/G Of X
S -i p . *£ « j-^fa'.. ::' 14c puiow enasiin. %
X BVlUSiC MOO UOPy m " We place on sa'e «o-day onlr, 2O p er« of" the 1*
£ To-day we offer ten popu'ar pieces of Sheet GC"CBt*t Ss/G. WeU kno " n Mohiwk tlcached Pillow Mas- '^
tf Music, pubUshed at 53c a copy, tod by us », •, , • • thb b a fir3tc!a!S Clsin ?» tuI! y 45 "chei jg
£ legu'arlv at 25c; at the very ,peu,l cu- c T^"* -T" f f=X^ wi<ie ' a heavy quaLty without drersng; the .T
h price ' 1R~ Saturday mght, / ff .prcial price for Wednrs day. P" yard .X
% :r x '" r ;; iSO these| 3 .io go- / I i \ fOc*
I -Inna n Wan» 9 .» Carts, m.nu- !«*»« « ~^ -.. «
g :^^S££ i a&> F^fwhitn-; New De Jomvtlle :*
f-Tve Watte.. H^Wa^Lon, for You" ' «^ «fflj^ SC3rfs27C. |
«S "Bliss Forevpr Past" oz^j, tinned /Ajllv^TP=wJk. '/ A ar -«- of a jVcbtr'i stock " . -v^ oC
» "Since Then There's Been No Light." iteel whet s wit» Wggzj&? of «J» «*»* S ? rin S «
. . ~ _ . „ _. doIt P«»f h A R^^S/J SwNJ Neckwear for mrn- %
k Irish Point Shams f»*« ' f^- u brak^ /w^iTM u7 ab ? ut 93 icx ' n '™ *"• )§ •?
J and Oval Trays ln' y tr JL "'c^^^^^r' raSarr2de D ot J ahl5: fm •?
I at Half Price. '$2.36 W t&22££ /M 1
* We have tecured qm:e a large Jot ofthew h'nl- «»/_ OX#fr#«f/^*» O#» and handsome spring col- flW \\\\\ *5
£> som: goods at bargain figure, and to-day M£»i%S <OflKO3in& HCm orings. ' Thry cjn be tisd fiJillt\*W\ X
Jk' (Wednesday) only offer them at about half Not a lot of odds and end. that we want to e'eaa as Ascot cr O^ceovrr, to /;//// HUv A ***
Jk their regular va!u:. The Shams are 3s out, but 20CO >ards of choice new 36-inch b: worn with a pin cr in //>'///-, »|Jsi\ A *2
I* inches square, and the ora!s ar; 20x36 inches; Silko ins in twenty diftrcnt patterni, su'tabe a sailor knot or a bow, \hj j Jji?U^ '^
£ the qua ity is the best, and a largt auoitment for driperis of al kinds, corofoiter cover- and some wear tfcem with "t
'*>* of drs'gns awaits your <='ecrion; regu'arly 75c ings, etc., which, if tought in the r?gu!ar a ring; rrgulary 50c and X
A and $1.00 each; special to-day — _ way, would retail at 1 2*£c a yard — on f> 75c each; to-day on!y -» ;_ X
t? on!y *f**Q ipecial sile to-dar only . 9C .'....^/Cb
9 } } ' ' j{
6 .
Single White
Enameled Bedstead.
Substantially made and well
finished, 30 inches wide — price
$1.G5 only.
Can be placed where a larjjer
bed would not ko. and h a
very handy bed to have in the
house. J
We furnish a Ereat many
country homes, flats and lodc-
ingr - houses complete. We
make a specialty of it. You
may have credit if you wish —
don't hesitate to ask. I
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET, . 5
Opposite Union Square. ;
¦
/v. In the Schlitz brew- Pn
« ery cleanliness is car- kP«J
f|j ricd to extremes. We fcg
52; do more than is neces- ffj^
l/\ san' to be certain of t^Ld
g£ doing enough. ||g
5,vf The caldrons in i§ig|
TCi which the beer is KM8
js'^* brewed are kept scru- Im^
jjjj^: pulously clean and p^f
*.--:) covered. The air in k||
>iS. which the beer is Ijm^I
/^ cooled is filtered. ITj
p^ The barrels in which K^jj
¦¦£} it is stored arc cleaned g^a
?*** with steam and soda, gj/R
{?% then glazed with rosin fe-Ld
§j£ on the inside, then jp§]
j^ cleaned again. The !
Sii bottles are cleaned W\%
jU with utmost precaution. PrJ
Ss^ Still we fllterthe beer, gl^j
&ir then sterilize every |s$
Sp bottle, for the slightest WlJA
£[V un cleanliness taints ImJ
|V£ the whole product. It W&i
~>iX i? in these ways that Egg?
Schlitz beer hasgained W{%
•|V its reputation for pur- QL
*»*£ ity, and made I\Iilwau- Spj
kce famous. jgi
£awi Theme Main 447. Sherwood &Eher- p£?
¦ [. V.JO-.LLI2 rv'a:..ct St., S«n Francisco Pfcnfj
J>T<J»TW» Jrt II rafBSaVw Sail
/^vSgik BOTTLE CURES
/ MC3URNEY'S
f v • Ojy rviuiicjr curs
*&\ try A thorough csio lor
Jfy i J pale* in the back,
V**' Jf^ BEICHTS DISEASE.
24 r) fejsale troubles, tacon-
ilneaco Of arise, bride dast deposit*, bed-
vetting of children, grave], gall atOBea,
Ircpyy. diabe:?«. and rhcnzifttiiia.
FOR 5AT.E AT-
DAHLCEXDEK DR7O CO., m Kearny st.
Send Ec In te stanips to W. F. Me Barney.
4U S. Spriuj it.. Lew Ange!es. CaL. for 5
«?ar»* treatment. Prenaid fl 50. Druggists.
THE ZilPOF.ITJiL•Uncle Sam's sotfiers are likely to; have another
chance to make some good Indians. The Sioux, it is
said,' have serious intentions of rising in rebellion.
Doubtless : Pat Crowe . has been . wronged by/ th »
suspicion that he kidnaped young Cudahy, but all the
same he has been writing too many 1 letters of pro •
test. If he cannot be ' held for. kidnaping the police
should at least arrest his mania for letter writing. '
• By talking for thirteen hours' Senator Tom Carter
killed the big river and harbor bill, and • doubtless
feels proud of the feat; but if he be wise he will not
travel during the summer" holidays in any part of the
country where, the people had an appropriation in the
billand were counting on it; \ ' '•"¦ / «•.•- J; *' *
TO VALDEZ ISLAND-L., Mountain
View. Cal. The steamer that carries the
United States mall from Seattle to Val
dez Island. Alaska, is the Aloha. She car
ries the mail once a month.
VELOCITY OF THE ¦WIND— J. W. F..
Ripon, Cal. The velocity of the wind Is
measured by an instrument called aa
anemometer, the simpltat being what Is
generally known as the hemispherical
cup, which consists of four hemispheres or
cups fixed to the ends of two horizontal
iron bars crossing each other at right
angles, and supported by a vertical axU
which turns freely. The cups revolve with
a,thlrd of the wind's velocity and the in
strument Is so constructed that 500 revolu
tions are made " while a mile of wind*
passes over it. The, re volutions are resla
tered by a system of wheels similar to
those of a gas-meter. The difference be
tween two readings gives the number of
revolutions passed over during the inter
vening time, from which the miles can be
calculated and the rate per hour. In me
teorological observatories pressure anemo
meters are used. By these the force of
the wind is arrived at by a method differ
ent from that given. ; The force is reel*
tered by means of a. pencil on paper that
Is prepared with graduated lines. .
CANNOT BE-F. I* S..' City. A suppo
sition and a fact are "not co-exlstent. A
supposition is hypothetical, a fact is
something that exists.
MISSOURI CLUB-M. W. S.. City. The
president iof the Missouri Club Is E. A.
Bridgford, Clunie building, this city.
HYDROGEN GAS — J. R. F.. Grass Val
ley, Cal. Hydrogen g»s Is fourteen times
lighter than atmospheric air.
HALF OF 1831— M. 8. R.. Berkeley. Cal.
A half-dollar of 1831 does not command a
premium from dralers in old coins.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The fearsome rumors fly from lip to Up!
The man has disappeared utterly.
Suspicion points to his wife!
But has she murdered him or has sho
simply become an authoress?
For the moment the police are quite
baffled. They profess to have clews, but
nobody believes this.— Detroit Journal.
LITTLE GIRL'S COSTUME.
This dress for a girl of eleven to four
teen years is of chamois colored cloth,
trimmed with Ivory cloth and string col
ored guipure. The short sleeves are fin
ished off with bouillonnees of white
moussellne de sole, tied in with black vel
vet. The waistband Is also of black vel
vet.
It began by her refusal to recognize the Mexican
Minister. If she omitted an» slight or snub, even
in her exile she is sorry for it: She seems to have
had the sympathy of female legationdom from the
Continent generally, and, so to speak, they have put
a bent pin in every chair that Scnor Azpiros sat in.
The feud finally became. the terror of the White
House Vnd the State Department! It was air the
worse' because it was not a man's quarrel. It is hard
to handle ladies, who defy any power on earth to
riake them associate with any one when they take a
notion not to do. so. So, for a long time the ghost of
Maximilian and.the vacant face of his demented wife
have refused, to "down" at every diplomatic function,
until it became necessary to take Madame the Bel
gian Minister's wife away. That fact in itself is evi
dence that she wori her campaign and set the. pace for
her successors. It seernsVthat the/only way to keep
the diplomatic peace is for Belgium to send a bache
lor Minister to Washington. -. ' .
It has come back like a wraith to disturb diplo
matic society in Washington. The men in the lega
tions are not responsible for it. "But the ladies, God
bless 'em," as the toast runs, have been avenging the
wrongs of Carlotta and her Prince, until the Belgian
Minister has had to take his wife and go where it is
not so torrid socially a| the lady has made Washing
ton.
All this was long ago, but it is well understood that
it is among the grudges laid up by the Old World
against the New.
Senator Gwin said of- him that while his empire
was cracking under his feet he studied botany^ gave
garden parties and stuffed birds. So his ambitious
scheme went glimmering, as such have gone before,
and he was stood up and shot by the Mexicans one
morning at Queretaro, dying like a brave and honest
gentleman. Then his Princess went home and her
reason faded, and she lived on, a melancholy reminder
of the fleeting quality of ambition and human hopes
and dreams.
And then one day r-mbition came as a tempter to
the milk white castle and Maximilian followed the
siren to Mexico to found an empire. He was art
amiable Prince, given to luxurious tastes, and had in
him but little of the rough and ready fiber that quali
fies empire builders.
In the romance of royal life on the Continent it fell
out one day, that the Belgian Princess Carlotta mar
ried the Austrian Prince Maximilian, and the pair
entered upon what was regarded as an ideal life in
beautiful .Miramar.
THE foreign legations at Washington make up
the diplomatic society of the capital. While that
circle touches general society,* it has troubles of
its own. ;.. ¦ ' ;
HISTORY AND SOCIETY.
. Another result which Is most potent In
Its effect -on the home life is the training
in . business methods which the club life
furnishes. The work of the club has
brought such resno'nsibillties of managing
financial affairs, hiring and building club
houses, .arranging lecture courses- and
studying civil and legislative problems,
that gradually this Influence of business
management, system and effort to save
time and stren g th by orderly and lawful
conduct : of affairs Is making- itself felt
in the home -management. "Madam no
longer dawdles away -the glorious morn
ing in a steam-heated apartment over the
needlework [which Elizabeth in 'that de
lightful "German Garden" calls an Inven
tion of the evil one for keeping the foolish
from applying their hearts unto wisdom
No; she has a meeting at 10 o'clock. She
has learned to be systematic and business
like in her affairs: Her house must be in
order. ; the day's work arranged, and her
self in business dress to keep the appoint
ment. Arid ' here we - say that if there
•were no other", raison d'etre for women's
clubs, every husband, father, brother and
son should sing paeans of praise to them
for the blessing they have brought in cur-
Business . Training, and Fresh Air.
How many a homo has changed in its
atmosphere entirely through the club in
fluence! Where formerly the dinner-table
conversation was a mixture of trivialities
or even worse gossip, now the topic of
the dav at the club takes the children into
new fields, and vigorous discussion or
research is the result. A winter of the
study of Holland in the club some years
since was a, liberal education to a large
family in the history of that famous
country because of the Interest of the
young people of the household in finding
out facts the club Ptudy overlooked. 'A
genuine rivalry made evenings all - too
short and stimulated both intellect and
reason.-"-.- '
The chief objection raised to clubs tor
.¦women is that women must be mothers,
and the whole life must be regulated with
reference to that high calling. But does
the mother rise to the diprnity of her posi
tion if she is simply 'a physical mother?
No. As one mothsr says: "Let her life
be full to the brim of happiness, knowl
edge, mental and physical activity*, let
lofty emotions and vigorous thoughts fill
her "being; let her whole existence expand
to its fullest extent*, let her forget mother
hood : ¦ she . will '¦ be the better mother for
first* being a perfect woman. A woman
becomes morbid who simply retires wlthlif
herself to brood over her fitness or unflt
ness for her coming. glory." ,
I could multiply this testimony a thou
sandfold but for the desire to reach other
phases of the question^
Increasing th« Dignity of Mother-
"You're the boss of the Woman's Club, I
hear." said a big. red-faced but kindly
looking fellow to the gentle president on
the street, not long ago. "Well, I want to
tell you that I bless you and the club from
the bottom of my heart. You see, my wife
was terrible sad; she lost a boy a year
ago, and we hain't been so very prosper
ous, but she Joined the club. Why, marm,
she's a changed woman and our home is a
new place. She's so busy she don't have
time to cry, and we have so much to talk
about we don't talk of troubles. If you
want any backing for your Woman's Club,
marm, Just count on me."
Another president tells this story: Go-
Ing up on the car Saturday noon she over
heard the conversation of two young hus
bands about spending the half-holiday. "I
always stay at home and take' care of the
babies," said a broad-shouldered, sunny
faced man, "and let Moine go to the club.
You see. we have three little ones; we
have had hard luck and cannot afford a
nurse, and we have no money to spend for
theaters, concerts or even books any
more: Mollie has so little In her life out
side of home; and, JacK, I want to tell
you that, much as I love the babies, I
know there isn't any work in the world so
wearing as taking care of three lively
youngsters; so I give my Saturday after
noon to the children, and Mollie comes
home so happy and cheerful, and we talk
over all she has heard, and It helps us
bear another week of grind. I tell you,
the Woman's Club is a means' of grace."
What Is the effect upon the home of this
broader life of the mother, Bister and
daughter? Let us havo the testimony of
the husbands and fathers themselves.
mony.
Husbands and Fathers Give Testi-
It Is probably the longins to escape from
the monotony which must inevitabjy come
in a lifo spent absolutely In home duttei
•which has been the chief factor In the
wonderful growth of the club and feder
ation movement.
"A little dally embroidery had been a
constant element in Mrs. Transune's lifo;
that soothing occupation of taking stitches
to produce what neither she nor any one
else wanted was then the resource of
many a well-born and unhappy woman."
Again: "It Is a fact perhaps kept a lit
tle too much in the background that
mothers have a self larger than their ma
ternity and that when iheir sons have be
come taller than, themselves and are gone
from them to college or into the world
there are wide spaces of their time which
are not filled with praying for their boys,
reading old letters and envying yet bless
ing those who are attending to their ehlrt
buttons." "
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
NEW TORK, March 5.— The following
Calif ornlans are In New Tork: From San
Francisco— T. P. Blsland, at the Park Ave
nue; C. W. Parkinson, F. C. Torrey and
wife, at the Everett ;-R. L. Irving, at th«
Marlborough. From Los Angeles — D. J.
Bernstein, at the Cadillac; L. de Roulet,
at the St. Denis.
CAUFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK,
WASHINGTON, March S.— The follow
ing Calif ornlans are in Washington: II.
Franklin, at the Shoreham; W. D.
Walker, at the Arlington; H. 1* Cloe«, at
the Ebbltt; Henry I. Kowalsky. Mrs. R.
Cohen, Miss Cohen, R. Valrees and t»\>
eons, E. II. Parrish, at the Raleigh; Mrs.
M. M. Twombly, MIjj Twombly, at tho
Metropolitan; R. Lincoln, at the National;
Mrs. W. II. Brown, at the St. James, all
of San Francisco. V : . :'• ¦'¦;'
CALIPOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
TRUE VS. FALSE LABELS.
THE Internal Revenue Department has decided
to put a stop to the sale of domestic : liquors
under foreign labels. This is .right. The fraud
is a mean one and harms the domestic producer. The
California clarets sold under French labels are usually
inferior. Falsely labeled as a Poutet claret, second-class
California •claret is preferred to our good red wines
undertheir own label.. As a rule poor wine takes refuge
under a French label, ;and consumers who ;would re
ject it as swill under its own name pay three prices
for it and drink it worshipfully under a 'French* alias.
In this way wines that never ought to see market ar
all, or go to it prematurely, figure at hotels as,St..
Julien, and Chateau this and. Chateau that, when they
should be. spilled or- distilled, and their purveyors
should be fined for a fraud. ' >-
California wine-making has greatly improved since
those who engaged In the business have discovered
that vineyards are not to be planted nor wine made
by the rule of thumb. When General Naglee hunted
for brandy in the soil, and then tore up vineyard after
vineyard until he secured the right grape to get the
brandy out of the ground, he marked the beginning
of the scientific era in viticulture. Following him
came Charles Wetmore, hunting white and red dry
wines in the ground, with the, assurance that if chem
istry found them there the right grape could be had
to extract, them. When he found the right soils in
Livermore Valley its development began, and those
standard vintages move themselves and give their
color in the cup in testimony to his genius. The rule
of thumb has passed away. The cut and try period
in the vintage of this State was its archaic age. The
sacchrometer and application of alcoholic affinity, the
knowledge of the chemical laboratory, have changed
methods and results. Our wines need no counterfeit
label, nor do they need to go to market masked like
a stage robber and bearing an assumed name like a
pickpocket.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue has taken
the, right position, and his agents should soon eradi
cate every label factory. There are some in this city.
There are wholesale wine houses here which accom
modate the retailer by putting up his case goods in
foreign labels. Poor Zinfandel goes out of them gew
gawed as to label and flirting as St. Julicn, and do
mestic brandy goes its way as Hennessey Three Star.
These houses should be raided and their nefarious
fraud be made unprofitable.
But there is still. another form of fraud that is for
bidden by the internal revenue law and should be
watched, detected and punished. The law against
false labels applies to any label or"brand that misrep
resents the character of the contents of a package.
A case in point was the celebrated bogus brandy ship
ment that occurred a few years ago. Forty. barrels
of raw corn high wines, from the Willow Springs dis
tillery at Omaha, only six weeks out of the worm, was
mixed with -fifteen barrels of yearling brandy and the
whole colored with burnt sugar, flavored with cognac
oils and stretched with water to make no barrels,
branded, "Pure Old California Grape Brandy." This
lurid mixture was shipped illegally in defiance of the
Naval Officer, who exposed the fraud and sought to
stop it, and after he overtook it in New York and
continued the exposure the Treasury Department
actually ordered the label changed and permitted its
shipment to Liverpool! The original label was a
fraud ar.d the change ordered by the department was
a fraud also; each violated the law. The Internal
Revenue Department should have an eye to enforce
ment of the law against all false labels, whether they
misrepresent the origin of the article, as the French
labels do, or its character, as was the case with the
bogus brandy. Whisky labels and brands are changed
sll the time, though this is forbidden by law. The
brand of reimported whiskies is defiantly changed
right in the Government warehouses, with but little
effort at concealment. A few stout fines and con
fiscations will put an end to these pernicious and un
lawful practices.
A PRIMARY ELECTION LAW.
REPORTS from Sacramento are not encouraging
to those who expect the passage of a satisfac
tory primary election law. Whenever the
measure is taken up it is met by so much in the way
of opposition, and so many motions to amend are in
terposed, that little or no progress toward the en
actment of the law has yet been made. Such reports
coming at this late day in the session should arouse
the people to demand action. The enactment of a
" valid and fair primary law is one of the things impera
tively required of the Legislature. It is, in tact, a
measure of urgencv. The interests of honest politics
demand it.
A primary law cannot be a partisan measure, as it
¦will apply equally to the primary elections of all par
ties. That being so, there can be no party antagon
isms on the subject. The only divergence of interests
on an issue of the kind is between those of the peo
ple and those of the political bosses and corporations
which support the bosses. Therefore if the Legisla
ture fail to pass the desired law it will be well under
stood that the bosses have been strong enough to
It is to be borne in mind that the candidates of all
parties in the last campaign were pledged to enact a
primary law. The pledges were definite and clear.
As soon as the Supreme Court declared the former
Inw invalid the demand arose at once for the enact
ment of a new one. The proceedings which followed
the decision of the court showed that without such a
law primary elections are hardly better than so many
farces. Frauds of every kind, from sneaking tricks
to open violence, were committed by the bosses and
their pangs to control the primaries, and in many
districts the rank and file of the voters had hardly any
voice whatever in determining who should represent
them in the conventions which nominated the can
didates of their party.
A* soon as the issue became one of practical poli
tics The Call pointed out that the only obstacle in
the way of passing a 5atisfactory law to regulate the
conduct of primaries was the opposition sure to be
made by the bosses and corrupt corporations. That
warning The Call has repeated time and again, and
it is now evident the warning was needed. The ses
sion is drawing to a close, and no measure designed
for protecting the riffhts of voters at the primaries has
yet been enacted. It is time for the people to speak
A dispatch from Indianapolis reports that "a fero
cious Bengal tiger"' recently escaped from its cage in
the zoo of that city and made an attack upon a wild
ass from South Africa. The conflict was short. The
wild ass kicked the tiger into something like a coma
tose condition in the first round. The incident in
itself is slight, but in these days when so much interest
is taken in the conflict between the tiger and the don
key factions in the Democratic party it may be worth
noting as a pointer on the. result of the big fight.
The Westminster Gazette of London, in comment
ing upon the organization in this country known as
Daughters of the Revolution, spoke of the members
as "dandy women"; and now the- ladies may know
•what sort of reputation they have abroad. Th-y
might as well call themselves the daughters of Yankee
It is stated that one of 1 the men who was foremost
in burning the negro Alexander near Leavenworth
has whirled in and married a negro woman, and now
the whites and the blacks of the neighborhood am
disputing as to which race gets the worst of the
bargain. /
Tlie ladies of Ssn Jose who devised recipes for
using prunes in making bread, soup, salad, jam, jellies,
preserves, candy and pickles deserve credit for thei
talent; and it will hereafter be a very poor bill of
fare that isn't full of prunes.
BRITAIN'S COSTLY WAR.
REPORTS of la-;t week from London announc
ing that- Dewet was in full flight at the head of
a" disorganized band, that Botha had made over
tures for surrender, and that the end of, the South
African war is in sight, have not been confirmed. In
fact it is now stated that the officials of the British
War Office do "not believe the reports. Kitchener,
it is said, has not yet completed the organization of
his army of mounted infantry designed to sweep the
Transvaal and consequently is not yet in a position
to force the fighting and close the war.
In the meantime the cost of the struggle mount?
higher and higher. The cry of the Government to
the people is the refrain of Kipling's famous song:
"Pay, pay, pay!" It was'stated at the opening of the
present session of Parliament that the war expendi
tures up to that date amounted to about $407,000,000.
Since then the same large rate of expenditure has
been continued; so that if the war should be speedily
ended its total cost in money to the empire will hardly
rmount to less than $600,000,000. That is a huge sum
to pay for empire; and it is doubtful whether the
profits of trade and commerce with the conquered
province will ever yield a fair return upon the invest-
The enormous cost of. the war must be. met by new
taxes and it is not easy for the Ministers to find a
means of levying the new burdens "of taxation without
in some measure deviating from the free trade system.
It is stated that taxes on beer and tobacco and the
income tax have about reached the limit of public
endurance. Those laxes it appears are already as
heavy as the traffic will bear. It is now suggested
that as some sort of tariff duties on imports will have
to be imposed, it would be well for the Government
to discard the free tiade principle altogether and
adopt a fiscal policy, which, while providing revenues
for the Government, will also protect the industries of
the country.
Until the Ministry submits its revenue bill the ques
tion for. the public remains one of academic interest
only.. Up to this time the discussions on the subject
have been vague and indefinite. The suggestion' of
the adoption of the protective principle comes f'om
many sources, .but has not yet been taken up by any
eminent statesman. - Evidently the free trade senti
ment of the people, is still too strong for politicians
to oppose, but it is by no means certain it will-re
main so after the new tax bill has been" submitted.
When the British taxpayer perceives what he will have
to pay for the conquest of the Transvaal. and remem
bers that he has to pay it in the face of an indust-ial
competition so 'keen that he can hardly make a living,
he will begin to look upon the doctrines of Cobden
from another point of view. He will find himself
confronted hot by a theory but by a condition, and
it is not at all unlikely that in the. face of that very
serious condition many of them will come to the con
clusion that the principles of free trade are not so
universally true as they supposed.
Thus, while the war in South Africa is prolonged
W^ cannot sympathize with the Eastern folks, but
they might share our gladness if they would. Th~
way to California is open to all and there is room
here for a flower-garlanded home for several million?
of the folks of .the shivering East. Let them come
West, where there is no ruffian weather, but where
the sunshine floods . the roads _ and the homes and
makes ihe whole land beautiful..
•All of that is very sad, but -we cannot sympathize
with it. It is impossible for us to gtt up even a
polite shiver of condolence with those who are thu3
suffering from blighting blasts and diminishing coal
bins. Everything around us is too genial, too glow
ing and too altogether lovely for us to so much as
understand how there can be any one who objects *o
the sweet and sunny days of glorious, blossoming
March.
'.The Boston Transcript has 'recently,' been moved to
express a wail of discontent over the sort of winter
the twentieth century has imposed upon' the Atlantic
coast. The Transcript admits there has not been this
winter anything of what Elizabeth Stuart Phelps once
called "ruffian weather," but it adds: "We have had
a continuous performance of cold weather that gets
to be as monotonous as any other continuous going
on. Hardly a break in the cold has there been since
Christmas time. Sunshine we have had in plenty, but
of a heartless quality — it has always been rather stern
and reserved. Somehow it hasn't flooded roads or
rooms as it ought. . Not once has it been so benign
as to inaugurate a season of 'thaw.' Upon January
thaws the householder has heretofore counted as tend
ing to . make his calls on his coal pile intermittent.
So hereafter we shall call that 'soft spell' a tradition,
not a climatic habit with us."
While that racket of crfugbs and sneezes and curses
makes life mournful in the East the happy dweller on
the Pacific Coast walks abroad in the blessed sun
shine, watches the fruit trees blossom, catches i the
fragrance of flowers and the song of birds,* and ' in
rapture declares March weather to be elysian. Evi
dently the inauguration ceremonies of the President
of the United States should be held in San Fran
cisco, and the President, after, taking the oath of office
amid the blisses of our fair days, could then go East
to take up the worries of administration in the stormy
East.
ONCE more an inauguration day has dawned
upon Washington amid clouds and rain and
wind. | Once more thousands of people will
talk of the glories of the day. with voices made hoarse
by colds caught while watching the paradyor listen
ing to the inaugural address.' Once more some hun
dreds of people will be sick for a week by reason of
the exposure. ; Once more there will arise a demand
for a change in the date of inauguration, and once
more the country will be compelled to listen to de
nunciations of stormy March. ' • '
IN THE MATTER Of WEATHER.
WEDNESDAY i... MARCH 6, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Affirm All Cosasoiea.t!sss to W. B. LEAKS, Kastgtr.
M lVAOna*S OFFICES Telephone PrfM 2Ot
I'1'UL1CATIO.\ OFFICE. ..Market and Third. 9. S\
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Steremon St.
Telephone Pren 202.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Cenf* Per "Weelc*
Single Cople*. 5 Cent*. '
Terms by Mall. Inclndfnc Postages
PATI-T CALL, (Including Bandar), one year $8.00
DAILT CAL.Ii (including: Sunday), C months 3.00
DAILY CAL.T., (including Sunday), t months ».... 1.63
DAILY CALL-By Single Month <6c
6CNDAT CAUU. One Tear 1-M
¦BTEEXX.T CAT.U On* Tear. 1.09
All postmasters are authorized to receive
ffnbscrtptlona.
Sajspl* copies will b« forwarded ween requested.
Hall ecbecrtbers la ordering chanr* of address ehonld b*
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a, prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAKIiAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Mnzzgtr T crtign Adrertisisg. Xargnetta BaUttag, CWcis*.
CLong Distance Telephone "Central 2615.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENTS
C C CABLTOX Herald Square
' NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
§TEPHE5 U. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
- KEW TORK XETVS STANDS:
WtMsrf-Ajtcrta Hotel; A. Brentaao. & Union Sguare:
at&rrar Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Bouse ; Auditorium HoteL
WASHrXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. W. W.
31OKTOX K. CIIAJVE. Correspondent.
OnAJfCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, op«n
until »:J0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister open until S:30 o'clock. 615 Lorkln, open until
*:3C o'clock. ISU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. ! 261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
vrtil 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW. cor
c«r Twenty-second and Kentucky, cnen until 9 o'clock.
"We have gained a blessed fellowship and
cameraderie with our husbands, sons and
brothers, as well as with one another.
Right-minded men do not fear this new
liberty. In s«lx year* of travel in the fn
terests of club and federation work, from
the beautiful city home to the log cabin
of a mining camp, I have found that
everywhere the most enthusiastic club
women are, as the Irishman would say,
the men-of the family!
Some one has sai.l: "The cure for the
evils of liberty is more liberty." The fu
ture will bring us the man and woman,
face to face, not leaning one upon (he
other, but upright — partners, friends, com
rades, lovers.
Finally, let us balance our gains and
losses in considering the influence of the
woman's club.
We have gained the out-of-door habit;
we have lost the "orazy-quilt" and im
possible fancy-work habit. We have
gained an independence and freedom of
dress; we are fast losing the long skirt
and the heavy, unhealthful garments.
We have gained a fair sense of the social
truth that "an injury to one is the con
cern of all"; we have lost the old, narrow,
selfish love for our own and our own only.
We have gained the ability to discuss
subjects in an impersonal manner and
without bitterness. We have lost the old
sewing-society faahion of weeping over a
difference of opinion with a neighbor. We
have gained in some measure the knowl
edge that should belong to every citizen
of nation. State or city. We have lost the
helpless ignorance which has kept unjust
laws regarding women on our statute
books for all past time.
We have gained to the people hundreds
of libraries, many. city ordinances to bet
ter promote the cleanliness and virtue of
our homes, the preservation of many
sacred historical spots, the genuine help
and uplifting of multitudes of the tempted
and the poor, the sick, the unhappy, the
overlooked ones in' life's road: we have
lost the excluslveness. the pride of birth,
position and wealth which has been over
thrown by the democracy of the club.
We have gained to some extent knowl
edge of business affairs; we have lost the
old helplessness wnich made every wo
man with property a prey to the nephew
or cousin-in-law or speculative relative
who lay in wait to devour her patrimony.
We are gaining the idea that mere be
longings are not the whole of the home,
and that cheerfulness, intelligence and
fresh air are more to be desired than
much furniture and bric-a-brac; we have
lost the old fashion of personally scrub
bing all the paint in the house twice a
year and — wonder of wonders — we have
even gone so far as to put off washing
from the sacred Mofriday to another day
under Btress of circumstances.
More Gains to Follow.
ing women of the stay-in-the-house habit
and forcing them into the open air.
"Whether from the fact, that in the old
days much of the work of women was
done indoors or from the Idea of their
delicacy and inability to battle with the
elements, it Is true that the average or
usual woman has always had the stay-in
the-house habit. Twenty-five years ago
women went out, of doors only when
called by the exigencies of family life and
the few social duties which the time de
manded. Many instances could- be cited
of women in middle life who were ex
pected to take only the weekly outing of
church-going. But the club has brought
committee work, classes, city improve
ment societies, Pingree gardens, kitchen
gardens, institutional work and social
service, all- of which mean more cr less
time out of doors. Instead of the pale,
silent mother at the lunch or dinner table
comes the vigorous, cheerful, happy wo
man, full of the day's work and experi
ences — a better friend, a better comrade
and bringing' into the house an infinitely
more wholesome atmosphere. No tonic,
no medicine, no science, can take the
place of this out-of-door habit in its ef
fects upon the mind, body and well-being
of present and future generations.
What the Unmarried Woman Gains.
Again there is the effect of the club
upon the home of the fingle woman, and
indirectly its influence upon matrimony.
Not bo many years ago the unmarried
woman had no home; she "Just lived
with somebody." The "somebody" either
Ignored her existence or made her the
drudge of the. family. She had no position,
•no interests, nothing to live for, and was
constantly reminded that even in death
she would not have the privilege and
honor of having "Mrs." carved upon her
tombstone! In those days before the club
had taught women that there were beau
tiful pleasures in the world. Interesting
things to do, helpful lives to be lived,
even though not married, a woman was
almost forced into matrimony. We all
know the stigma which .attached to an
"old maid"; but to-day the "girl bache
lor" is as free and happy, and $ at lib
erty to .havo almost as many pleasures
and interests, as the man who has chosen
not to marry, because perhaps he, like the
woman, has not seen the one who can fill
his life and make it complete. Best of all
the single woman is permitted to have her
home, her own home, her household
goods; she has learned through the. club
that there is helpful companionship and
recognition, and that life may be full and
rich. This woman will marry for the sole
and only reason why a woman should
enter. into that blessed state, not to es
cape a degrading and unfortunate posi
tion, which was forced upon her because
of the old-time traditions, and hers will
be the true marriage and the ideal home.
Women's Gains and Losses.
(COPYRIGHT. 1901.)
Ill— WOMEN'S CLUBS AND WOMEN'S HOMES.
Those who were present at the trans-
Mississippi Congress tome years ago will
never forget the genuine burst of laughter
and, withal, the sympathetic thrill which
went through the. audience at the tell
ing of the story of why a woman in
Oklahoma .wished to belong to a club.
She' lived in a if mote country district and
was oblijred to ride or drive many miles
to attend the club meetlne. ""What's the
use o* you goln'?" demanded her husband.
"Hain't you got nice aconery out here?"
"Yes. John, I have," said the little woman.
"I've • got scenery and I've got you; but
it's my opinion that Eve in the garden of
Eden was; glad to sea the cherubim and
the flaming sword— she got so tired of
just Adam and scenery."
The description which George Eliot
gives of sad Mrs. Transuno has its coun
terpart in the history of . multitudes of
good, capable, talented women before the
days of clubs and kindred organizations.
By Sarah S. P. Decker.
(PRESIDENT OF THE COLORADO STATE BOARD OF CHARITIES AND. CORRECTION;
EX-PRESIDENT OP THE WOMEICS CLUB OF DENVER AND EX-VICE PRESIDENT
OF THE GENERAL. FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS.)
Healthful Influence of Club Life and Federa
tion Upon the Activity and Ideals of -
American Women.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call ¦
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
John Ward, a brother of the deceased
Captain "Ward lost on the Rio de Janeiro,
arrived from Raleigh, S. C, yesterday
and Is registered at the Occidental.
F. D. Hunter has been appointed assist
aant general freight agent of the Colorado
Midland Railway Company, with head
quarters at Denver.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Bross of Portland.
Or., are visiting In San ¦Francisco. Mr.
Bross Is the managing editor of the Ore
go nlan.
George B. Sperry of the Sperry flour
mill of Stockton is spending a few daya
In the city ar.d Is a guest at the Occi
dental.
F. T. Sutherland, a mining man of Oro
ville, accompanied by his wife. Is a guest
at the Palace.
L.. S. Upson and wife of Sacramento are
staying at the Occidental.
C. 2. Cox, a merchant of Hollister, Is
registered at the California.
S. N. Griffiths, a lawyer and oil man o£
Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
George S. Towle, a lumber man of
Towle. is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. Thomas F. Flint of San Juan reg
istered at the Palace yesterday.
John de Lalttre, a flour manufacturer of
Minneapolis. Is staying at the Palace.
Lynn Helm, a merchant of Los Angeles,
Is at the Palace.
Francis A. Zee. a vlneyardlst of Madera,
Is at the Palace.
E. 3. Gordon and wife of Santa Rosa
are at the Palace.
L. I* Chamberlain, an attorney of Au
burn. Is at the Grand.
E. Teller, a merchant of Sacramento, Is
registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
and the huge cost mounts higher into the millions, of
dollars with each succeeding week, the pressure of
the burden of taxation is slowly changing the temper
,of public opinion ,'at" home. Salisbury's ', Ministry is
losing* strength. . It seems certain that the life of this
Parliament will be short, and when the next appeal to
the people is taken* there is sure to.be a .party ..which
will demand revision. of the 'entire fiscal policy of the
nation; so that the costly war for the conquest of the
Boers may bring about an economic change in Great
Britain almost as notable -as in South Africa
itself. '--•••' -'.__ A\ ' " : ': ¦
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1901.
Sarah S. Platt Becker.
• • •
AT HOTEL DEL CORdKADO th« season ti
now on. at lull; tide. American and European
plans. Best of everything. . Including the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montsom
ery at..* city, for special ticket.
hood.
6
So small a dose is by no
means the • rule ; the rule is
whatever the stomach will bear
—not more. Another rule is:
take it on every least occasion,
but not too much ; don't over-
do it.
We'll send yon a little to try. If yen Oca.
SCOTT & BOWN'E, 409 Pearl ttreet, New York.
A certain young lady in del-
icate health was advised by her
doctor to take a half-teaspoon-
ful of Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil after dinner — once a
day — and found herself almost
suddenly growing robust ¦
A GOOD STORY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Choice candies, Townsend's. PaJace Hotel.*
Cal. flace fruit 50c per 1b at Townaend's.*
Eye glasses, specs, 13c to 40c: look out a
4th, front of barber shop and gTocery. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv the
Press Clipping Bureau <AlIen'»>. 510 ilont-
goraery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
The largest sponge ever sent to market
was from the Mediterranean. It was ten
feet In circumference and three in diame-
ter.
A thoroughly equipped night school. A few
months spent in studying arithmetic, bock-
keeplng. shorthand and penmanship at Heald'a
Business College Night School will fit young
men and women to fill clerical positions at rood
salaries.
Many causes Induce array hair, but Parker's
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
The lowest human habitation is said to
be that of the coal miners In Bohemia
Borne of whom make their dwellings at
a point over 2000 feet below* the level of
the sea.
AMTJSEHEMTS.
AJcazar— "CCuntesa Guckl."
Columbia— "Zaza."
T-.voli— '•Wizard of tne Nile,"
Central— " "The Clack Flag."
Oruheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera Houff- "Around the World in Eighty Days."
Grand Oj>era-housc— &embrich Opera Company. March IS.
Olyropia. corner Mason and E<3dy etreets — Specialties.
Ofcutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evtr.lnc-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Mechanic** Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Excursion to Bakersfield— Saturday, March 9.
California Jockey Club (.Oakland)— Races.
Tanroraa Park— Races. li
AUCTION SALES.
By American Auction Co.— Tuesday. March 12. at 10 o'clock.
S000 Tente. etc.. ct 517 Market street.The "United States ship Mohican started
on^ her' maiden cruise yesterday In her
present capacity. She Is a model boatof
her kind and; all hands are very comfort
able^'Shc has about.200 landsmen aboard,
and It Is the intention "of the officers to
-
¦ «
Cruisa of tb.9 Mohican.
make sailors out of them before the voy
age Is over. -From here the Mohican gpea
to San Diego, thence to Magdalena Bay
for target practice and then on to Hono
lulu. -From the Hawaiian Isles the Mohi
can will go to Puget Sound, visiting Seat
tle Tacoma. Port Townsend, - Port LO3
Angeles and Victoria, B. C, after which,
she will come home.
Colonial Dames Incorporate.
Articles of incorporation of the Califor
nia Society of Colonial Dames were flle-J
yesterday. .The purposes of "the society
are: To foster true patriotism and love of
country • • * and .to commemorate ' eventi
of_ colonial history, from the settlement of
Ancstown, May; 13, 1607,: to: the battle of
iTdi !>1HMB'i1»aiiMIBiiffl»Wilfl>WTiHiif».i uli' llfi'Ti il> i^llhl'w
Lexington, April 19, 17T5. The directo-a
are: Mrs. Sarah I. . Hubbard." Mm. Emily
A.' P. Smith, "Mrs. Eliza M. Carr, Mrs.
Emma >V. .Ralsch. Mrs. Mary \u Stealey,
Mrs. Katherine F. Dewey. Mrs. Florence
S. Mitchell. Mr?. Maud A. Smith and Mis*
Sarah E. Cowell of San Francisco. Mr*.
Isabella B. Dennison of San Mateo an:l
Mrs. Emily U. Tully of Stockton.
Holland's Young. Ruler En
ters Amsterdam Amid
Great Rejoicing.
AMSTERDAM,. March 5.— Queen Wll
helmlna and the Prince Consort entered
this city in state to-day. The royal par
ties were received 'by the principal au
thorities • and conducted to the royal pa
vllion. where had gathered a brilliant ar
ray of officials, including the Governor of
the province of Northern Holland and
high military, naval, Judicial and civil dig
nitaries.
The burgomaster of Amsterdam deliv
ered an address of welcome. The proces
sion In state carriages, escorted by troops,
then traversed the streets of the capital,
which, in spite of the rain, were packed
with throngs of enthusiastic subjects. The
route to the palace was lined by the civic
guards and troops- of the garrison. Sa
lutes were fired as the procession ad
vanced and the progress of the royal par
ty was signaled by the ringing of church
bells.
The royal cortege was not long, but suf
ficiently varied to be of Interest. It was
led by a sduadron of Hussars and a
mounted band. The horpes and carriages
of the cortege were brilliantly capari
soned and the outriders and footmen wore
the vari-colored state liveries.
The royal equipage, drawn by eight
horses, was preceded by a mounted guard
of honor composed of the Queen's aids-de
camp, who, brilliant In gold and colors,
were the center of attraction. On either
Bide of the royal carriage rode the mili
tary officers. The procession was closed
by-a fine body of cavalry.
The Queen and the Prince Consort were
evidently greatly pleased at the enthusi
asm of the reception and bowed unceas
ingly to the crowds along the line of
march. At the palace the Queen mother
awaited her daughter. After this greet
ing Queen Wilhelmina and the Prince
Consort appeared upon the palace balcony
in response to the vociferous cheers of the
throng which had been permitted to gath
er in front of the royal palace.
Mrs. Henry Piper, wife of former Chief
Deputy County Clerk Piper, Is nursing a
sore back and a swelling 'on her side, be
sides doctoring many bruises and black
and blue, spots, the result of her encounter
with a brutal collector and a colored
piano mover.
Some time ago Mrs. Piper bought a
piano from the Heine Company, a piano
firm, doing business at 217 Geary street.
She agreed, to pay for the piano at the
rate of J7 per months and made payments
aggregating in all $210. Mrs. Piper then
decided she would like to have another In
strument and arranged to exchange for
another piano, for which she agreed to
pay J375, the firm allowing $155 for the
piano offered ¦ in exchange. Payments
were regularly made on the instrument at
the rate of ?7 per month until Decernber 28
last. / For two months the Pipers wore
pressed for money and had toput the pay
ing of the Installments off. Finally Piper
went down to see W. F. Gibson, attorney
for the Heine Company, and offered to
pay the balance due on the piano In full
If the time of payment was extended un
til April. If the payment was not made
then. Piper told the attorney he would
willingly surrender the piano and relin
quish all claim to the same. Gibson told
Piper he deemed that a very fair proposi
tion and had no doubt Heine would be
glad to accept It, so Piper says. He sent
no word to the contrary to Piper and so
both he and Mrs. Piper felt confident that
the matter was amicably settled, they de
clare.
On Saturday about noon William
Woenne, collector for the Heine Company,
prepented himself at the Piper home at
s» Birch avenue and demanded admit
tance. . Mrs. Piper, who had answered his
bell, stood Just within the door which she
had partly opened and asked Woenne
what he wanted.
"I want the piano," said Woenne. "Let
me in."
"My husband has arranged all about
the piano," replied Mrs. Piper, "and you
had better come again when he Is at
home." - ¦¦*¦< .;.-.
But Woenne insisted that he was going
to enter the house right then and ther?
and cart off the piano, and when Mrs.
Piper forbade him the right to enter. ho
struck her a blow In the side that raised
a lump as bis as his cruel fist, she alleges.
Passing over Mrs. Piper's prostrate body
the brutal collector entered the house and
marched Into the little sitting room where
the piano was. "
"By that time," said Mrs. Piper, as she
told of the assault yesterday, "I -was
on my feet again and ordered him
to leave the house. His only answer
was to rain blows down upon me. He
struck me on the shoulders, the arms, the
chest and the back. I succeeded in pro
tecting my face by holding a little chair
In front of It. After he had about ex
hausted me with his blows Woenne called
a colored piano mover in and ordered him
to take the piano away.. I cried and for
bade him to lay hands upon the Instru
ment and thereupon the colored brure
struck me several blows. When I couli
defend myself no longer I rushed to the
doorway and seating- myself upon the step
that led to the street, said! 'You will have
to lift that piano over me. ' This did not
worry Woenne. though. He gave me a
kick In the small of the back that landol
me almost unconscious upon the street.
While I lay there suffering they carried off
the piano."
Piper swore out a warrant yesterday
for the arrest of Woenne and John Penn.
the colored man. Penn was arrested dur
ing the day and later released on bond"
furnished by the Heine Piano Company.
The case will come up before. Judge
Itlogan this morning-.
f
RARE TRIBUTE
TO WILHELMINA
MYSTERY- surrounds the disap
pearance of Eugene Rlordan, re
siding: at 41S9 Twenty r flfth
street. On Monday afternoon
-Rlordan left his home. teUlne
his wife he! was srolng for a short walk.
Nothing has been heard of v the man since
and his . relatives and friends are divided
In the opinion as to -whether he has met
with foul play or has left this city to
try his fortunes In other fields.
Riordan Is by trade a carpenter and la
only 25 years of age. He was married re
cently and had just completed a home of
his own. The missing inar»was of retrular
habits and never expressed himself as
tired of life.
Riordan's wife has reported the disap
pearance of her husband to the police.
She gives the following description of
the clothes her husband wore when he left
the house on' Monday afternoon: Dark
coat and vest, light trousers, dark derby
hat, black necktie, high Btandlnsr collar
anda silk shirt with blue and white
stripes.
D. D. Liownay of 1754 Folsom street, a
friend of the missing man, was busy yes
terday scouring- the city for some possi
ble clew that would unravel the mystery
of RIordan's sudden disappearance.
COLLECTOR BEATS
MRS. HARRY PIPER
She Tries ..to Save Piano
From the Company's
Agent. '
ABSENCE SHROUDED
IN DEEP MYSTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCtf) CALL,^^WEDNESDAY, M^VRCH 6, 1901.
EUGENE RIORDAN, "VTHOSE
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEAR
AJyCE HAS CAUSED ALARM.
7
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
LAST N-IGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
Only Appearance* Here ol
snu.
LESLIE GARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As Zf\ZJ\ in
DAVTD BELASCO' S TLAY.
SEATS s^^THURSDAY
LA LOIE FULLER,
THE WORLD 1 ? ORKATKPT DANCER,
Acfl FlrFt Prpscntatiin in This City of DE
KOVEX AND SMITHS Greatest Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
F'.rM Performance MOXIUT. March 11.
QFLAND OPERA MOUSE
MATCfEES BATCBPAT AXD 6UXDAT.
THIS EVEXIXO,
HatclScent Revival cf the Famous Spectacle,
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
Xctro<!-Jc!r.B- the ELEPHANT PRINCESS.
Epleudd Cast, Scenery an! Effects.
FFJCES 10c. 15c. 23c. 60o
Few Front Rovi in Orchestra, 75c
GOOD REEE11VED SEAT
Cf ORCHESTRA AT ALL MATINEES. He.
Branca Ticket Offlce Emporium.
SEMBRICH.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRiCH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction cf C. I*. GRAPT.
MOROSCCS GRAND OPERA-HOrSE.
OOMJIENCIXO MARCH 1STH.
Two Tr^eka. with Dertormanoes on Monday
and "Wednesday evenlars and Saturday after-
noons.
Repertoire— "Barber ef Eerllle." "Riroletto."
'•Don Pastjuale." "La Trartata." "Pagllaccl,"
"Tan«." '"Lucia." *tc.
Subscription «*ats. fix perfcrmancM, no r»p»- ,
tltlans— Orchestra. an<S two front rows of I>reM
Circle, $25; balance cf Dre?» Circle and back :
rowe of Orchestra. IIS; front rows of Family
Circle. $10: Finsrle-nisrht wats. «5. 13. tX Jl 50: !
Gallery, unrwened, ST. Season *ale commences ;
THIS MORNING lit 9 o'clock at box offlc*; j
t '.nrle-r.lrht 'ale. March 13. Applications for
boxes fhoul4 be rr.ude at ence to Mr. Alfred
Bouvier. Grand Opra-house.
MATTN'EE TO-r»AY, TVp(ine!«day. March «.
Parquet. Be. any- F«at: Balconr. 10c; Chli-
tfien. l r 'C." eny part except reserved.
A BILL OF ATTRACTIVE NOVELTIES.
PA PINT A.
WILPON AND WARING. THE ORISKANYS.
KATHERINE BLOODGOOD. JOHN LE
HAY. BARD BROTHERS. DUMOXD'S
MINSTRELS. THE BIOGIUPH.
LAST WEEK OF
ROBERT BILLIARD AND CO.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEWIS MORRISON'S Magnificent Produc-
"FAUST."
Ev«?ryt"in«- N»w — Company and Production Di-
rect from N>w York.
Next— Sunday Eve. March 10. Cr?t time In
th'.s c.ty, the big popular New Ycrk Casino
success— i'l people — tO.
?*1HE TELEPHONE GIRL."
EV!:-;>. Cc; We. 75c. JL Mat-Mc. 50c. 75c
BEATS READY T0-'" r > r> «O'W
EVEM.VGS AT S. MATIKEE EATtTRDAT
AT 2.
"A BIGGEIl HIT THAN EVER."
WIZARD
% E N1LB!
WITH HARTMAN AND WHEELAN.
Coming— "THE^WEDDING DAY."
POPULAR PP.ICES * 23c a=d COc
Telephone— Bush S.
, TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK
Augrustin Daly's Comedy,
Countess Gucki
A PLAT OF SCENIC AND OOSTtTME
SPLENDOR.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND BUND AY.
NEXT WEEK
"THE LAST WORD.'!
BELASCO **» THALESjfeffQg,
—^Pfcone South 533
•70-NIGHT and Even' Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Etupendoua Production— The Great Melodrama
-BLACK FLAG
The Greatest Convict Play Ever Written.
The Thrilling Efcape from Portland Prison.
A Hie SornW* Pr<fK>ntat'.on.
Startling Mechanical Kffe»-tj>.
r-PffPC i Kv#>nlngi! Htc. l.V. ZlT.c, BOc
I H.W-J MiUmihi lOe. 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
THfc SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Costicuoiu Itaclr.r. BeeiDnln'c Monday. Febrr-
*ry 11. l»0L
FIX OR JIOttE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Clx Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Six
£te?p!ec2iasea.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 1:10 P. M.
Train* leave Third and Townsend stre»ti for
T«n:or»n Park at 7. 10:40. 11:34 a. m., 12:40. L
l.Su end 2 p. n». Train* If-ave Tanforan Park
tor fcan Frar.cisco at 4:15 i>. m.. followed after
the '.ar% race at lotenals cf a few minute* by
**veral rp*cia!». Beatu In rear cars re»erved for
ladlm ar.<] th?lr i>sm, rts. Admission to couraa,
lnciu£lc«T raltroad far». Jl S.
MILTON 6. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racing Secretary.
CHUTES AND ZOO
Thi KBLCEV SISTERS,
And Mary Other Vaudeville Star*.
JO-MORROW NIGHTTtIIE AMATEURS
| -And s Ladies' Running Racs..
Telephone fcr Seats— Park Si',!'
AHUBEKETJTS.
we make
HO
good—
not $(/%&
cheap I/t\.
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal
AanTFSETVIT.NTS.
IF YOU ARE ANXIOUS TO STRIKE
ARRANGE TO GO OX THE
EXCURSION
TO
BAKERSFIELD,
Which Will Be Given by the
SOUTHERX PACIFIC
SATURDAY, inarch 9,
Ic Special Train cf Pullman Sleeping Cars
and Day- Coaches.
KOtTCD CT t O t SLEEPING .
trip. O * v/ car extra. .
The train will leave San Francisco at 7 p.
rr... reaching Bakcrsfleld early Sunday morn-
Jn?. All day Sunday In the iamous oil fields
ot Oil City. McKittrick and elsewhere. Return
to Pan Krancisco Monday morning. Buffet
ben'ice on Pullman cars.
The excursion will be in charge of Wm. H.
Menton, Excursion Passenger Agent, and he
Tvill give you all particulars. Call on or ad-
drers him at €13 Market street.
OLYMPIA Jb D f. r ~n-i*
THE OKLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IX
THE CITT.
HAWAIIAN QUARTETTE,
jcew, Xovel and Xot to Be Missed by Anybody.
CLINTON MONTGOMERY,
T»'lth War Pictures Never . Before Seen In
California.
MABEL HUDSON,
In Her Famous Single-Handed Nightingale
Chorus. /
QUERITAVIISfCJENT
America's Greatest Vaudeville Favorite.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COM PANT.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSIOX FREE. ? -__ '¦¦
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO-DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
Performances at 2:S0 and 8 p. m. Dally.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I see of dog the less I think of
man." — Dr. Johnson.
gOO— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 300.
The Greatest Asirreratlon of Educated Animals
in the "World.
Elephants. Zebras, Goats. Sea Llone, Ponies,
Monkeys. Dogs. Ant Eaters and Zebus.
Firrt Time in This City of Mr." Winston and
Hla Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
the Mwt Marvelous Animal Act In the World.
HERR SETTLER, the Famous German Animal
Trainer, and Ills Small Clown Elephant.
Seat «ale cpens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c: CHILDREN. 10c
Phone South 720.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
lM-C-VTCXTER MEETING— lSOL ". ' ,'
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs.
day. Friday and Saturday. Itain or Bhln*.
FlM or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boati leave 6?.n Francisco at 12 rn and
12:30. 1, 1:20. 2. 2:30 and i p. m.. connecting
with trains stoppinc at the entrance t» th»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no FRiokincr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland. mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway^ Oak-
land. AI*o all trains via Alamedn. mole con-
nect with Fan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returnlnr— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FTcrjHFR'S concert house.
Flechtl*« Tyrolean Troupe, , Egry. Birdie
BriRhtlir.ir, McSorley and Whitney, the Leon»,
L. A, Cover and Hinrlchs' Orchestra. Reserved
Beats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SEAT SALE FOR TERESA
CARRENO
Be«rlns at Shrrman. Clay & Co.'« TO-MOR-
ROW MORNING at 9 o # clock.
PAI A PC These hotels pos-
rnLnUL SC£S the attribute*
¦ that tourists and
Hjln travelers appreciate.
" " —central location,
RRAMD iiberal manaBe
UllnlvLJ ment, modern ap-
IJflTEl 0 pointments a n d
RUILLOi P erf « ct .«f»^?-
' American and tu-
Sai) FranClSCO. ropean plans.
TO Women Who Work. From Women Cured by Mrs. Pinkham.
" 7 :.!.'¦ . . _-_ " Dear Mns. Petkham : — I write to thank yon
Wnat tragedy for the wage-earning woman is hidden tiMzftmr 1^ f° r the good Lydh E. Pinkhara's Vegetable
beneath the WOrdS "lam not Well enOUgh tO WOrk " ! \ Compound and Sanative Wash have done me.
Every penny of her slender income is needed for the &§&!&sPz!£\ &<? u is now sLx y ear s since I was taken sick. I
necessaries of life for herself and others. Seldom, indeed, W&F \t had falling of the womb and ovarian trouble. $
IS It that the girl Or Woman Who Works in a factory, Or in fggj V/ I suffered untold pains ; sometimes was so bad I
some business office or store, has merely herself to support. |g|L *~7 that I tWght I could not live. I used the v eg e-.
Is early always there is an invalid mother or sister, perhaps /^fer^ table Compound steadily for some months and
a DrOUier Or latner. .. ¦ Jpgg.f am now well. If you like, yon may use my
She taxes her endurance, therefore, to the last limit be- L^j^lS^NsrJ letter for the benefit of others. "-Miss Katie p.
lore giving up. . ,;/ • RnHKAntRJUMGLAS Jcxglas, New Salem, Mich.
She knows her place will be filled by some one else. ||M»»*A»itr.<uw«.»an . v
v She has no money laid up. Her wages have been in- «« dear Mrs. Piskham :— it affords me a preat deal of pleasure to ex-
sufficient for her pressing needs, and she has spent money press my praise of your valuable Vegetable Compound. Words cacnot
On doctors, trying to keep at work and hold her place. tel1 wh at your medicine did for me. It saved my life. I was so weak
J But it's , no .use-she has reached the limit. In her fight i 1 S^^S?&
with female troubles she has off second best, as SC ri P tion ; my physician said I could not get well without aa operation,
myriads Of women have before her. which I refused to have. I tried all kinds of medicine, but they did me
,v What will happen, now that Ehe has lost her place and no g 00^- A friend recommended Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
lineVvrrtlroTi Vl/vro-n in VioqHVi ? pound. I used it and the Sanative Wash, and am now enjoying- the best
nas Droicen clown in Health .? of health. I hope that all suffering women will take your medicine."—
These heart-stimng stones are being lived all around Mrs. Ella Losg, 333 Pearl St., Bridgetown, N. J.
us in large cities, and every one of them might have been r .-.-' •;¦; — :- ~^-. \, *
a story of health and energy, if the young woman had but r *A*^- fl " Dear Mrs. Pctxham : — 1 have been so delighted j?
written to Mrs. Pinkham when she nrst felt ill. She would J^^^V wi^ h your Vt '£ etaWe Compound I thought I would
have been told just how to make herself well and strong, as «S§8iiHS\ write and th ank you. My system was entirely run
many other women-have, and this advice would have cost l^rfl tT£ iSkT^d^ld^Siy^Sd 11 ;^? f™
nernotmng. .''- : ¦ . . ; . Tfv ¦•lgl more tired in the morning than on retiring at night.
And it IS not alone m factories and business places that* 1S£ «7 I had no appetite. Since taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
women are forced to give up on account of ill health. It is jc5* - a Vegetable Compound 1 have gained fifteen pounds,
quite as often the woman who docs her own work at home. M^mL and T g*™^ 7 e 7 T eek ' i M /i a PPt tir f h " im T "
r PV>io ¦ninn-nv rvn«nT.nii4r >4^;«~+'u« ,^^«i, r~~ « i, -,,«^i.^i,i I?^< proveu, nave no uackacne, ana l look better than 1
lhlS means generally, doing the WOrk for a household Of WlfSfii I « ever looked before. I shall recommend it to all my
Seven Or eight. j .Jg«'v I m^ot™? friends, as it certainly is a wonderful medicine.* —
She also compels herself to attend to the daily "round of l£~===~-y Me«. e. F. Mokto.v, 826 York St., Cincinnati, o. .
duties when she ought to be in bed, and does not know -— ¦
where to look for that.reliable help that will put her on her ." D^« Mbs - Pi^kham :— I had been in poor health for twenty years,
fpfit and Rtn-n thn«?A awful nr>Vif>«: nndTwinR having inflammation of ovaries and womb trouble. Although treated
teet ana stop those awtm aches ana pains. , , b physicians, I could not seem to gain any strength, and could not do
The SUre help for all ailing Women, Who WOrk at home my work, and was so low spirited and tired of life. A friend advised me
or elsewhere, is Ljydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- to take Lydla E.- Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. The first bottle
pound. Women who have Used it testify to this with one strengthened me and I wrote you. After taking six bottles, can say that a
voice. I am well and can even do my washing. I cheerfully recommend your
w-l Ai. • j • •* i i * x , ,, Vegetable Compound to every one with any female weakness, and cannot
When the periods are painful or too frequent; when the praise it enough. "—Mbs. m. w. Milljsr, 1033 Canal St., Guifport, Miss.
backaches and headaches^^ drive out all ambition; when the I
heart-breaking, • ' dragged-do wn " sensation attacks you ; r, 71 u Deab 5I ? s - P^^ham :— it i3 with pleasure that
when yOU are SO nervous that every trivial thing excites e^^^^^K ' I add my testimony to your list, hoping It may induce
you, you may be certain that there is some growing trouble ot \ e , rs to a T aa tbemseivea of the benefit of your vai-
fTstoriincr itself iinnn vmi r>n nni Ipt di^PPQA mn tn HpiH « W# uable remedy. Before taking Lydia k. Piakham's
tasteniiiff ltseit upon you. Do not let disease make neaa- &*«& l9 Vegetable Compound 1 felt very bad, had terrible
Way. Write tO Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, MaSS., for nerl free W&zgr sick headaches, no appetite, gnawing pain in stomach,
advice, and begin at once the use off* yw* 3 r P a i Q i° my. back and right side; was tired and ner-
' } ''/'¦ s£m* : Jj vous, and so weak I could scarcely stand. I was not
..§/ m rm-MS^ik '- If* fffft fun J*rHtt» <-fc Tim W ma %L^**<A~^ able to do anything, had sharp pains all through my
f7_ \ffSSBSt &L- tr^SEaBKaBSaBSU ] & hoA y- Before I had talien half a bottle of your
mm^ mmmmm mmam B mmBmfMmmm^am me, v |^Sv?TOiU medicine. I found myself improving. I continued its
IfiMM^AAiff^ _^- mt% -¦ _ • ¦ smW v/lr< «se until I had taken four bottles and felt so "well that
W &G3&K2*83B&r VmQBmBbBQ&Mbb£B* HRSWP.VaLlntINL I did not need any more. I am like a nciv person."—
"^ Tw . " ,^ T^^" ""ITr T^Tt"™*™" 15- ?¦> Mes. W. P. Vaxestijte, 566 Ferry Ave., Camden, N. J.
IBM jjj^^. jf^^Jttfc J&B&hL B 1^ S? 1 & B fib. BCS P% Ovnnz to thQ fact that some skeptical people hare from time to timo questioned !
?5« [3 „, BuT Y» tiT «^ iir lHk B"^ 8?- UhJM &"¦% m.Jr tho peni^ineness o* tlio testimonial letters we are constantly pablL-Lhin?, we have
*§* Ef*^± B Hit i| ]W ¦• *"¦ '" W ** B tt *^ deposited tvith the National City Bank, of Lyim, Mass., £5,000, -which will be paid
- ¦» JB 1L ¦ M \B WL Jm to any parson who will show that the above testimonials are not genuine," or were published before obtaining the
tGjSj/P .writers' special pormi£sion.— Ltdia E. Pinkhau Meuicixe Co., Lynn, ilass. 3
ADVEBTISEMENTS,New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. March 5.— The annual report
of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, pub-
Hr-hed this morning, proved to be the maln-
Epring cl the market. That document showed
t uch a mass of convincing evidence of the high
prosperity of the railroad business that lt at
tracted large ond sul-s:antia: buying not only
in that stock but In many other high-grade
railroad stocks. The 1"» nnsylvania ryste.ni is
always accepted »s & representative system,
owing to the great diversity of Its traffic and
the extent ft territory embraced In its ramifi
cations. Therefore the showing made. of the
growth of traffic both In the freight and pas
n?nger departments, the. frnormous increase of
earning!" and the great work accbmpllBhed In
imnro\ emeist and betterment,' with promise of
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALL BOARD -SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 : o'clock— May — 4000 ctls,
S3%c. . . ;. ¦.. , .,¦ . ¦ '.
.: Second Session— May— €000 . ctls, 93%e. . ;¦
Regular ; Morning * Session— May— 4000 ctls,
98^o; 2000. 88';4c December— 2000. $1 03%.
There was no afternoon session, as the ex
change adjourned in •> respect . to the memory
of the late W. H. Yates. • '
BARLEY— Dealers now report quite an : ac
tive demand, especially for the better grades
of Feed, at full figures. Prices remain un
changed, .however. ; v •• -v_J
Feed, 72\4c for choice bright, 70@71%c for !<¦
¦ . - : -. . . - ?
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet and nominal
on the spot at 38s 9d for the general* run of
.vessels, with 39s 6d recently paid for a small
carrier. The chartered .wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of 20,520. against 43.000
tons on the same date last year; disengaged.
6175 .tons, against ¦¦ tons last year; on the
way to this port, 112.000 tons, agalnnt 177.817.
WHEAT— Paris was lower, but otherwise the
Eastern and foreign markets showed no change
worthy of note. *.: ' - » '
Chicago opened ' firmer, but no higher. The
market .was dull, but there was no pressure
to sell. Commission. houses had a few buying
order* at the opening. Bradstreet's reported
a decrease east of the Rockies of 1,799,000 bush
els, and an increase In Europe and afloat of
1,400.000, making a total net decrease of 399,000.
Sellers at the opening covered their shorts later
on. . ' ¦ - • '-,-¦¦'.
The local market was dull, nominal and
unchanged. . ---:¦.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling, 971JC®
Jl 02',4 per ctl. • • <-¦ . ¦ •.-
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — \%i SaVi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88Vi
Sterling- Cables — ' 4 83^4
New -York Exchange, ' Bight...... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17^4
Silver, per ounce — ' «lh
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ £0 Q .51
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
77; minimum, 55; mean, CS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has faUen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. An ar»a
of high giu—we still overlies the western haU
r,f the country and Is moving slowly east
ward.
The tempvr.ture continues high on the Pacific
slope. In the great valleys of California and
en the coast from Sen Francisco to Eureka
the temperatures are frcni ZO to 20 degrees
above the normal.
Vo fain has fallen along the coast. The
river at Sacramento is 2C.7 feet and falling.
Forecast maje at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 6:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; freea
northerly winot. ,
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; Ilgut
northerly w»ri3s.
Nevada— Fair 'Wednesday; light northerly
winds.
Vtah— Fair Wednesday; light northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday,
cooler at night; light northerly changing t<j
westerly winta.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE. I
Forecast OfnciaL j
• . I
f!2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. March 6— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as fomrared with those of same date
last eeascri. and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
Weather Report.
Internal revenue collections In this district
In February were S286.272. against S26S.601 !n
February. l?00. the leading items being aa fol
lows: Lisle, 110.710; bwr, J73,632; fruit spirits,
$4<i.O04: praln spirits. JU.^9: cigars. 117.329;
cigarettes. $4OP3: tobacco. $2SS1: documentary
Etampe. $C7."3T; proprietary stamps, 111,921.
Internal Revenue.
"In raiFins buying: continues light and Job-
Mnsr in character. Purchases are generally
limited to fmdll lots to m*y>t the requirements
of the local and nearby trade. At the moment
th" Frr.aJI interest tsk»n in the article has cre
atefj a somewhat easier feeling, and on 2-crown
lfxise. although Ftorks are said to be limited,
offerings are reported available on the basis
at .".%,<-. • Some holders still ask up to Cc for
1^-Ft grrades. On 3-crown loose a firm offer of
f%c wouli move a considerable block, but somu
holder** still ask 5 T P c to €' 4 c according to qual
ity. I>-:n<5on layf rs appear somewhat neglected,
but a htti* business has been done on the basis
r,f $1 CO for 2-eroTvn and *1 45 to tl DO for 3
rr<->wn. EYur-crown loose ir not wanted par
ticularly. In imported raisins the market
lacks tor.e and liufinrps d^ne Is generally at
low prices. In rruri''*' the spot situation m
without material char.g-e. Sixty size Is still
reported scarce and views of holders continue.
fliRhtly firmer. The buying is chiefly for small
lots, however, and •while the situation is clean
ing uj> no material advance In prices is looked
for at the moment. Coast advices report that
the views of outside holders are somewhat
firmer. We hear of some buying of better
fjvalitjes et prir>es varying from s ic to ',4c be
low tfee association's opening basis, but there
are outside goods offering at from %c to lc
und>r the association's prices. A little business
Is being done in Oregon prunes. In apricots
a Flight improvement Is noted In the spot In
quiry, but we hear of no change In quotations.
Peaches show little interest at the moment."
The K« York Journal of Commerce sar*
Dried Fruit in New York.
"Dwiduous fr-uit trees are In full bloom In
nearly ail sections and have not yet been in
jurni by frost. With a continuance of the
favorable conditions that have prevailed thus
f«r the yield fi-.oul.i largely exceed that of last
reason. Citrus fruits are In good condition."
averope and there is also a larve acreage of
hay. Grain has made rapid trrowth during- the
week nn-1 is lo>->k:ns remarka.bly well. The
yirld will doubtless I* heavy in the central
ar.d northern districts and good crops are ex
pected In the nouth. Alfalfa is making good
growth. Pasturage is plentiful.
TlnrtBC ar.2 Keedirs have been resumed In
several places, mr^ily in the southern coast
counties. In other sections this work is prac
tically completed. The acreage sown to wheat
asii barley is probably much larger than the
"Temperct-jres several degree« above the
r-Tm£j have prevailed throughout the State
during the week and the weather "has been
frnrraJ!) clear with abundant funshlne. al
though fogs have occurred in some sections.
Light shower* have fallen in a few places In
the northern counties. No "serious damage was
dan* bar the high waters reported last week
aisd the rivers and mountain streams are grad
ually returr.ir.jr to their normal Mates. Dry
northerly \vin<ie have l>e<"n beneficial In dryins
out the soil on the lowlands and have nut
***rn injurious tn growing crops to any great
extent. Gentie rain would be welcomed In ail
pecUooa an3 would be efr-eclaJly beneficial In
the south.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdl*. section
director of the climate and crop section of the
Wt-ather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
•nereased efficiency as an Instrument of trans
portation, had a great influence on the values
of railroad stocks. - Tha first influence was felt
in the trunk line group, especially those lines
!n which Pennsylvania has secured an influ
ential interest. It spread. to all the principal
railroads operating in the trunk line territory,
including the coalers, and later in the day
stocks of railroads In the Western territory
lr.oved upward. The principal stocks affected
including the leaders in the grangers and Pa
cific groups show gains of 1 to 3^i points.
Pennsylvania Itself was up 2»,4. Delaware and
Hudron 3 1 .*. Baltimore and Ohio preferred 3Vi,
Great Northern preferred 3hi. Burlington 3 and
Norfolk and Western preferred 2^. It was 1
very noticeable that the market as a whole
did not respond notably to the movement In
special stocks. There wer* Instances of strength
B-atten?d. all through the list besides those
aiready mentioned, epo-cially among the high
priced industrials, but the movement was quite
free from excitement and the day was singu
larly free from stories of new combinations
or ppeculative sensations. In the railroad list
the buying was based distinctively on the larpe
earnings. There was an Important speculation
In Sugar, as is Invariably the case on a
dividend day. The sfock got above last night
for a brief time after the declaration of the
regular quarterly dividend, but fell 2\i in the
late dealings, closing with a net loss -of 1%.
Yesterday's movement in Amalgamated Copper
continued In force to-day, carrying that stock
up an extreme 4'4. closing practically at the
top. The gas stocks showed continued strength.
La.cl«*de Gas leading the day's movement with
an advance of S',a and a net gain of »H. Gen
eral Electric rose 4 points. Pacific Mail lost
as much, but recovered 2 points. The steel
stocks were decidedly neglected, the common
stocks a« a rule benif; rather heavy, while
there was some EtrenyiU among the preferred
stocks. United Stat<y Steel was rather dufl
and about steady In !lie outside market. The
payment of 50 per cent of the purchase price
(or the Southern Pacific yesterday, amounting
to over $20.000.00<>, brought the clearing-house
balance to-day up to the high mark of the
many credit obligations at present held by
; New York banks.
1 The bend market thowed some Increasing
activity and strength, but continued rather
irregular. Standard Rope 6s broke 8 points.
Total sales, par valu*. $5,525,000.
United States refunding 2s and new 4s (cou
pon) declined \, and do registered >.;. The 3s
< registered) advanced !* per cent on the last'
ca 1 1 .
NEW YORK. March 5.— The Commercial Ad- !
vertleer says: There were rumors In Wall
stteet to-day about Union Pacific Interests ac
<liiiring a large block of stock of the Chicago
Burlington and Quincy road. Some railroad
stocks advanced in price in consequence of
the reports. A rumor prevailed on the Stock
l-.schanpe that persons identified with the
I'nlon Pacific road had acquired 175.000 »hares '
within the past few days. Some of the largest
shareholders of the Burlington are said to have
t<en approached recently with a proposition to
exchange their stock holdings for a new Vend.
The bond wa* net definitely described but
SFMirajjees were made that it would bear ifi
t*rest equal to tha dividends earned by the
Burlington etock.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shax«j Closing
sold. Stock.- bid
15.100 Atchison 56%
9,900 Atchlson prefd 89Vi
22,400 Baltimore and Ohio 92y t
Canadian Pacific 91
1,400 Canada Southern 56*i
10.4OT Chesapeake and Ohio 43>4
2,400 Chicago Great Western ..4 19^»
77.600 Chicago Burlington and Quincy.. ,.14SVi
3,400 Chicago Indianapolis and Louisville. 32 l i
l.DOO Chicago Ind and Louisville prefd... 71 Vi
200 Chicago and Eai>t Illinois 10S',i
300 Chicago and Northwestern 171'i
11.400 Chicago Rock Island and Pacific 1254
6(0 C C C and St Louis 75',^
L600 Colorado Southern 914
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4314
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18>4
S.COO Delaware and Hudson 167
500 Delaware Lack and Western 19314
400 Denver and Rio Grande .¦ 39%
100 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 87
! 8,400 Erie «$¥>
6,700 Erie 1st prefd 65V*
700 Great Northern prefd ,»;;• igg
400 Hocking Coal 15
2.900 Hocking Valley 491.;
3.100 Illinois Central 130>i
2.100 Iowa Central 27»i
1,000 Iowa Central prefd 534
Lake Erie and Western' 414
.'. Lake Erie and Western prefd Ill
Lake Shore , 210*,i
5.500 Louipville and Nashville S3Vi
19,10) Manhattan L Ub\t
6.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 163^
6.S00 Mexican Central 177,,
1.400 Minneapolis and St Louis 77.V
l<"0 Minneapolis and St Louts prefd lOSVi
9,200 Missouri Pacific 17**
j 200 Mobile and Ohio ;$i 4
1.2C0 Missouri Kansas, and Texas 21
9,400 Missouri KanrUs and Texas prefd.. 54%
New Jersey Central 134U,
«.9OO New Ybrk Central m%
14,300 Norfolk and Western ; 4514
SOO Norfolk and Western prefd.. „....!. h3>»
31.400 Northern Pacific g 4 u
5,000 Northern Pacific prefd S7}»
19,400 Ontario and Western a->.v
Oregon Railway and Navigation.... 42
Oregon Railway and Nav prefd.... 76
70.C00 Pennsylvania lS'^l
16,200 Reading ;" 32 sZ
2X300 Reading 1st prefd 72
10.300 Reading 2d prefd 421;
Rio Orande Western 65
....... Rio Grande Western prefd... 93
10,200 St. Louis and San Francisco '.'. 3SH 1
800 f-'t Louis and S F 1st prefd.. s'
2.9C0 i?t Louis and S F 2d prefd '.'. 65%
5.600 St Louis Southwestern ; 26Ti
6.600 St Ivouis Southwestern prefd 5x74
13.100 St Paul Vi3 {7
200 St Paul iirefd .. ..'!l!>2>*
St Paul anil Omaha '.!!!l23 "
8,100 Southern Pacific w
21.700 Southern Railway .\\\\ 25
13,W> Southern Railway prefd 7414
2,900 Texas and Pacific " -k-i!
66,900 Union Pacific .%."" son
S.OOO Union Pacific prefd :.'! 83«|
500 Wabash v-:v
. 3,200 Wabash prefd •• "' 301?
4.600 Wheeling and Lake Erie "" n£
1.5f« Wheeling and Lake Erie 2d prefd.! 30-%
500 Wisconsin Central i%\\
Third Avenue " llS'-i
23,'M Baltimore & Ohio prefd '" »iii2
000 National Tube "" 541?
COO National Tube prefd !!lC2?
Exrress Companies— .
....... Adams j5Q
200 American jss
100 United States '.'.'. 57
Wells Fartro .'."137
'¦¦ Miscellaneous— ,
EOO American Cotton Oil »~
i American Cotton Oil prefd '. g«
700 American Malting 5
400 American Malting prefd..... .) 25H
6.000 American. Smelting & Refining ' 551!
3,220 American Smelting & Ttef prefd 94
American Spirits :.. .."...;.. 114
American ¦ Spirits prefd 17
6,000 American Steel Hoop 351^
2.C00 American Steel Hoop prefd.. mi*
2.MK) American Steel & Wire..; j;(i|
2.200 American Steel & Wire prefd S6
S,6<iO American Tin Plate.'... 6">ti
M0 American Tin Plate prefd 101*i
14,400 American Tobacco ...121
f-00 American Tobacco nrefd.. 145
8.600 Anaconda Mining Co 41%
_ 13.S00 Rrooklyn Rapid Transit 7B',i
1,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron : .'"^
Mutton and Lamb lower. Other Meats unchanged.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
Ss 9"4d; do, old, 3s ll**d.' Futures, quiet;
March, 3s 9d; May, 3s SVid;, July, 3s 9'4d.
"WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California. Cs
2'id; No. 2 red Western winter, Ca lid: No. 1
Northern spring, (b 2M-1. Futures, quiet; May,
5s HHd; July, 5s ll%d.
LIVERPOOL, March ' 6.— Wheat, dull;' No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2^dig6s 3d: wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, .quiet; weather In England,
COTTOX-Uplands, 5 l-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 5.— Consols, 97 7-16: sliver,
2S3-16d; French rentes, lC2f 22»£c. Wheat car
goes on pafsage. quiet and steady: cargoes No.
1 Standard California. 30s l»4d: cargoes Walla
Walla. 28s Cd:' English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
The British ship Peng Wern cleared with a
cargo of wheat and lumber for Algoa Bay,
Africa. '.¦'.¦
TACOMA, March 6.-Wheat half a cent
lower; Bluestem, 57c; Club. . 64'/4o.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 5.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 55®66c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, March 5.-CIearings, tfS4,GS8;
balances, $64,008.
Portland's Business.
Territory wools, scoured basis — Montana fine,
medium and fine, 14tfl5c; scoured. 42@44c:
staple. 45@4Sc Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine
medium and fine, 12^14c; scoured, 41@43c;
staple, 45i@46c
BOSTON, March 5.— The wool market here
shows but little change week. There has
been a fair amount of wool - changing hands,
while prices In the territory grades hav-j
favored the buyer. Values as a whole are not
materially changed. As usual the bulk of the
business was In territory grades. Fine medium
and fine scoured, staplo-In, Is quoted at 41@43c,
¦while the strictly staple stock Is quoted ,at 45
©46c. ¦ • , ' ,.
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP — Receipts, 10.000. Eheep strong and
active: lambs steady to strong; good to choice
wethers, $4 25S?4 80; good to choice wethers, $4®
4 65; fair to 'choice mixed, ¦ $4®4 35; Western
eheep. $4 3OJ?4 36; Texas shwp, $2 60@3 75; na
tive lambs. $4 DO«g5 25; Western lambs, $3<g 5 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 18.000; to-morrow.
22.000; left over. 3000. Market 5c higher, opened
strong; -closed easier. Top, 15 62'i; mixed and
butchers', J5 40®5 62>,£; good to choice heavy.
$5 5O£5 62V4; rough heavy, $5 Zo'Qo 45; light, ?5 40
©5 5714: bulk of sales. $5 UX@5 67H.
CHICAGO, March 5.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3500; steers stronger; butchers' stock opened
firm, closing; easier; good to prime steers, J5@
6 06: poor to medium. $3 60®4 95: stockers and
feeders, strong, $2 75@4 60: cows, $2 7004 20;
heifers. *2 75@4 50; canners, $2 10®2 70; bulls.
Blow, $2 5O(g>4 25; calves about steady, |4@6 25;
Texas fed steers, $404 90; Texas grass steers,
$3 35«J4/Texas bulls. $2 E0@3 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW '.YORK.- March 5.— Speculative activity
In tin was again lacking In metal circles to
day and this, together with a further loss of
£1 In London, depressed the local market for
tin materially. It opened about 20 points down
and railed to react throughout the«EPPslon. clop-
Ing weak at $26<g*6 25. At London the cloe«
was weak at £lls» for spot and £113 las for
futures. The lead market at ¦ London was
rather Irreg-ula.r and unsettled, kII day, cloning
10s lower to £13 2s Cd. The local situation,
however, remains dull and featureless at
$4 37H. The copper market was Inactive and
nominal both ! here and abroad, closing prices
being respectively $17 for lake and $16 62V4 for
casting and electrolytic, and £70 10s for spot
and £71 Is 3d for futures. Domestic Iron mar
kets continue without Important features at old
price. At Glasgow the closing price of war
rants was 5"Js and at Mlddlesboro 49s 3d. Spel
ter was unchanged at London and New York,
with trading of .1 hand-to-mouth order..
Nezu York Metal Market.
New York Exchange declined. Silver a fraction firmer.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Speculation in oil stocks picking up again.
Turpentine marked dozen:
Most descriptions of Pacific Codfish advanced. _
Wheat and Wheat freights dull.
Barley in better tone and demand.
Some dealers report more call for Oats.
Corn and Rye dull and, neglected.
Beans and Seeds nominal and inactive.
Bran xveak at the recent decline. Hay as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Poultry firm, with moderate stocks. Game nominal.
Six cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction.
Lemons firm. Arrival of fresh Mexican Limes.
Apples and Bananas steady.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about as before.
Provisions nominal and very dull.
Wool neglected and weak. Hops moving off slowly.
First-class Hides steady, but lower grades weak.
No change in Oils.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Pay CPCis.- M2%[8 V Water « 9 li-n.: _
CaJ-st Cab 5s..ll6«i — Stkn O & K 6s t«o —
C C Water 5s.lOS%j — |OOI.tn 5s" 113 —
E L & P 63... .12SH13* Oak Tr Co (is _ 11-
F & Cl Ry &.11XJ4 — Oaw W Co 5s" — unite
G?ary-st K 3s — — iCi-eanic SS 5s. — lOBli
Haw C 5Hs...lO8i; — (Om C R 6s.. 123 y>«
Haw C la 10.V, — i Pac G ton 4» loot'.
L A R R as... im» 112^ ! Pk «.- Cl R te'.'.Oj _"
L A L Co 6s... — — jPk & O R 6s. J. _
T>o gntd 6a... — ¦ 104 Powell-st R Ss.lJo —
Do sntd 5s...tfO — S E O & n .'.».-_ jsii
L A P R R f.s. 10Uil02'£ S F & SJV 5».12f>U —
Markt-st C 6s. 125 12S S R of Cal S*.1W _
Do 1st c ss.. - 121'* S P R of A6.1.11I VOX
KNGR 7s. - 113', S P C 6s (1503
N R of Cal 6s. — 114*4, Series A)....limi_
X R of Cal os.113 — Do(Ser1es B).l'.ri% _
X P C R R 3«.inii.4 — I5o <1906> C3U —
X P C R R 6s.lOSv; — Do (1932) 123% —
NCRRSs...- 11! S P Cist g os.l^ —
S V Water 4s.m4 104<i SPBrR 6s. .132 —
D» 3d mtg...lO2»i — • '.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. BU 70 I Spring: Valley. 91% 93
Marin County. 53^ — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Ont L & P... 3 4 IPae Lt Co — 44H
Enult Gas H4 3% Pac E O A R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8HIS F G & E... 4T4 45
O G L & H... 30 - jpan Francisco. 4^ 4H
Pac Gas Imp.. 44'i 43 istktn G & E.. — ¦ U
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Kund.233 230 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — Lon P & A... .145 —
Bank of Cal... — — Jiex Ex (llq).. H —
Cal Safe Deo. .105>4 — S P National. — 123
1st S of S F.. - SlZVi
SAVIXGS BASKS.
German ¦ — 1S50 [Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — [Security 273 — '
Mutual SO — I Union Trust... —
S F Sav U....515 — 1
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st .. — 140 O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st 47^ — Presidio 25 20
Market-st 63>i 63*4
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con 84^ S3 IVigorlt Xft 3%
SUGAR STOCK3.
Hana Plan 8*; 9 Ktfauea 23% 24
Haw Com 23%* 87'4 Makawell — 4454
Honokaa 33^* 33% .Onomea 30 —•
Hutch S P 23 — Paauhau 34<4 34*±
MISCELLANEOUS BTOCK3.
Alaska. PA...— 124 Oceanic SS Co SVi 80
i Ca! Fruit Can. 97*;iO<ni Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine .^n.100 — Pac C Eor Co. 135 —
Her Ex Asan-.102^4 — Par Paint Co. 1V£ —
Morning Session.
Board— •>
3D Alaska Packers' Association 123 75
15 Equitable Gas 3 12'4
275 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 SO
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 S7 : j
23 Hutchlnson S P Co 23 5ft
11,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 10S 00
20O Paauhau S P Co 34 75
a S F Gaa & Electric Co. cash 4S i;^
20 Spring Valley Water 92 50
JO Spring Valley Water 92 2>
10 Spring Valley Water 92 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
S2. COO Bay Counties Power' Co Es 103 00
M0 Equitable Gas 3 23
20 Giant Powder Con ?4 «2 l 4
2."0 Honokaa Sugar Co $3 50
300 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 37S
20 Hutchlnscn S P Co 25 37H
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 50
20 Market Street Railway 63 50
13.C00 Market Street Railway Con 8»....121 SO
20 Oceanic Steamship Co S3 00
33 Oceania Steamship Co .* 57 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co £8 00
75 Oceanic Steamship Co So 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co [5 50
3 Oceanic Steamship Co 53 75
5 Oceanic Steamship Co S« 23
6 Oceanio Steamship Co 58 50
SCO Paauhau S P Co 34 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
235 Spring Valley Water 9150
Street—
15 Bank of California 410 50
82.000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 103 12*4
110.000 S P of A Bonds U3 20
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning ' Sessfon.
Board —
loft) Aetna • ~ 23
1500 Aetna 27
S00 Bear Flag 25
1350 California-Standard 51
100 California-Standard 50
2 Hanford 1C3 no
30CO Independence 29
12C0 Independence, b 30 20
300 Junction C3
300 Junction 82
100 Junction 81
100 Kern 9 57*4
200 LJon , 20
SOW* Lion 19
¦ 300 Monarch of Arizona 63
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 90 CS
200 Monte Cristo 2 23
100 Monte Cristo 2 27%4
100 Monte Cristo 2 30
100 Monte Cristo. b 30 2 30
100 Monte Cristo „ 2 20
50 Monte Cristo » 2 17H
600 Occidental of West Virginia „. 63
2(0 Occidental of West Virginia 82
25 Peerless, s 2 8 75
£0 Peerless, b 30 9 CO
500 Petroleum Center 15
2C0 Sunset (original) ' 33
100 Sunset (original) 40
COO Superior I.. 25
100 Wolverine 1 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1C00 Aetna 27
300 Bear Flag 25
310O California-Standard K>
2C00 California-Standard. ¦ 30 4*
60 Kern ,. 9 37^
20 Kern 9 50
KOO Lion »
1400 McKlttrlck ..'. 40
M> Monarch of Arizona 83
S0O Monarch cf Arizona 84
500 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 6"?
200 Monte Cristo. s 30 2 10
1C0O Occidental of West Virginia 82
13W K.eed Crude 53
20 San Joaquln Oil & Devel 11 SO
E0 San Joaquln Oil & Devel 11 73
500 Wolverine 1 1 50
SAX FRAXCISCO OIL. EXCIIAXGE,
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Blue Goose SO"
10O Monte Cristo. s 90 2 27%
50 San Joaquln Oil A Devel Co.... 11 73
50 San Joaquln Oil & Devel Co 11 62'i
Street—
1000 Jlonarch of Arizona, s 90 M
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1W5U Blue Goos» 3 »
?00 Junction 63
1000 Lion « „ J }
100 Monte Cristo. s 30 2 1»
1C0 Petroleum Center It
LOO Reed Crude &»
Street—
1000 California-Standard M
M1XIXG STOCKS.
Following the Bales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session. -;'.,
650 Con Cal and Va.l S0800 Overman IS
60 Gould & Curry-. 17,300 Sierra. Nevada... 2^ „
100 Hale & Norcrosa 14 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 19
1C0 Ophlr 64 l
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 05'4no Ophir ; «4
300 Best A Belcher.. 20 100 Overman 13
20OChollar 07 4C0 Overman 12
100 Gould & Curry.. 1S;2OO T'nion Con 20
100 Mexican 17 ilOO Yellow Jacket.. 20
Following were tne sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnc Session.
700 Belcher 13! 300 Hale St Xorc... 15
500 Best & Belcher. 20 SCO Ophir «3
1CC0 Chollar 07 600 Ophir «4
500 Chollar <S 1000 Potost 18
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60 100 Sierra Nevada.. 29
500 Crown Point... 11 200 Sierra Nevada.. 30
2C0 Gould & Curry. 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
SCO Gould & Curry. IS
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 121 30O Mexican 13
800 Chollar 07 400 Ophir 64
200 Gould & Curry, is! 400 Savage U
200 Gould & Curry. 17, 200 Savage ......... 12
200 Hale & Norc... 14! 500 Sierra Nevada.. 29
CLOSING QUOTATIONS:
TUESDAY, March 5—4 p. ns.
Alpha 0t 03'Justice 02 C4
.if- .03 0« Kentuck 01 n»
Andes'"""."... 05 0« Lady Washgton 01 02
Belcher H 12;Mexlcan 17 13
B«t& Belcher. 20 21 Occidental 04 €3
Bullion - £2 Ophtr «3 63
Caledonia 83 «5 Overman 12 13
Challenge Con.. 1« ISPotosi 15 IS
Chollar C« 0. Savage 11 12
Confidence «S 70! Scorpion — C4
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65lSeK Belcher.... «t ©2
Con Imperial... 01 02, Sierra Nevada.. 2S 29
Con New York. 01 03: Silver HU1 44 46
Crown Point.... -M 12; St. Louis — -ci .
Exchequer 01 C2. Standard 3 *> %-^te
Eureka Con.... C8 — I Syndicate — W^|
Gould & Curry. 18 18jt:nlon Con 20 ' 21 '
Hale & Norc... 14 15, Utah 04 c-5
Julia 01 C3;Teilow Jacket.. U 20
COFFEE— Futures closed weak with prices
20 to 30 points net lower. - Total *ale«, 49 750
bags, including: March', $6 20<g6 20; April. $6 25;
May. $6 33; July, {6 45; September, $6 50#6 55;
October and November. $S 65: December, $6 50-
January. $6 €0. Spot— Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice,
7',ic nominal; mild, quiet; Cordova, iQlVAc ¦
SUGAR— Raw, weak; fair refining, Z%c; Cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4Vic; molasses sugar.- 3?4c- re
fined, steady. . . -
BUTTER— Receipts: i3.50fi packages; steady
fresh creamery, 17®22V^c; June creamery, 15©
20c. .
EGGS— Receipts. 10,994 packages; easier
Western nt mark, 15V4@lS»ic; Southern at
mark; 15®15Vic.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples- ruled
steady but quiet ar.d was firmly held,- owing to
the llijht supply on liand and prices at the
close were tending upward. State common, 314
©4%c; prime, 4»4<g;c; choice, u«£@6c; fancy
C«?7c. '
California dried, fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— S^ffEHc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7»iS12c; Moorpark, 8Vi©
PEACHES— Peeled, 14318c; unpeeled, 6>.4@10c.
A r ezv York Cotton Market.
«,NEW TORK, March 5.^-Cotton closed steady
with prices unchanged; to four points lower.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, March 5.— Had 'the wheat market
more than the barest spark of life, left In It
it would' have ehowed a more decisive response
to the various pieces of intelligence ordinarily
influential In determining prices. May opened
unchanged at" 75 1 4@75%c and on a bit of out
side buying advanced to. 75%#75J4c. '¦ A' few
thousand bushels offered on this rally sent the
mcrket back to 73Uc. where It steaaled and for
hours the brokers had scarcely enough business
to keep them awake. Toward ' the end of the
sefsion a commission house wanted to fill an
inler ar.d the pric-e wns?bid up to, 75»(ic when
the jgor.g soundetl. The trade was actually
made at 75%c. high price for day. after the
close, but the official close remained at 7o%c
14<£%C over yesterday. - ¦ '•. '
Corn was less dull than wheat, but the mar
ket at that was nujet enough. May. closed f.e
lower ct 40Ttc . . : ¦-..-; • -.- -; '*
Oats were dull and neslected. May closed un
chanped at 25»ic. There. were few. transactions
in provisions and the market was dull In all
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT— Receipts. 46,000 bushels: exports,
57.0CO bushels. Spot, dull but firm: Xo. 2 red,
?0%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 r*-d. 78%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 91',4c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened easy at a decline of H@Uc
under disappointing cables and foreign selling
rallied on bullish weather, which made a
scarcity of sellers without increasing demand
much: short3 were the best buyers throughout
the session. The close was steady at net un
changed to V*c higher: March. 79®79Hc closed
79Vt.c; May. 79 7-16(&'79%c, closed 73%c; Jull
7S%(fj!73Vic, closed 79»ic
HOPS— Quiet. •
HIDES— Steady.
NEW YORK, March 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25,oii bbls; exports. 14.735 bbls; little steadier
Lut not quotably hlsher.
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances. $149,483,342; gold. $83,239,379.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, March 5.— Money on .call firm
at 2^3 per cent; last loan, 2^4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 3"4©4U per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bank
ers 1 bills at $4 87%<ff4 SlYi for demand and at
$4 S4H<34 S4«i for sixty, days; posted rates.
$4 R5«T4 $Z\* and $4 SS%: commercial bills. $4 83'i
|J?4 83*1- Silver certificates. 6U2@63c. Bar sil
ver. 61Hc Mexican dollars, 49c. Government
bonds. Irregular: Stato bonds, inactive; rail
road bor.de, Irregular.
A T eiv York Money Market.
Canadian Pacific, 9i; Union Pacific preferred,
R69i; Atchison. 6ST4: Northern Pacific preferred.
S3\; Grand Trunk. "H; Anaconda. 10. Bar sil
ver, steady; 2S 3-16d ppr ounce. Money, 3Vi@3%
per cent. •
CLOSING
American shares, like our own, were- inac
tive but hard. All day there was quite a good
Inquiry for Union Pacific stocks, Chesapeake
and Ohio and Ontario and Western.
KETV TORK. March 5.— TTie Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Though busineps was slack on the stock mar
ket here to-day the tone was firm. This was
due in part to a growing Impression that peace
negotiations are proceeding- with the Boers in
South Africa and that an announcement Is pos
sible any day that definite terms have been
made /"
London Market.
5,200 Continental Tobacco 46%
2,700 Continental Tobacco prefd 10OH
5,3f« Federal Steel '44U
15.S00 J-ed^ral Steel prefd 89H
7,608 General Electric 212
200. Glucose Su«rar 45VS
Glucose Sus^r prefd '. W£
3.4JO International Pnner 23H
1.900 International Paper prefd " A %
2,4(>O Laclede Gas .'. 82
} COO National Biscuit Sj'.4
i 1W> National Tlisoult. prefd - 5>4
2l>) National l.-ead 15
1 100 National Iv?ad prefd S5'/4
4.rv:'0 National Stee! 46
1,200 National Steel rrefd 102
New York Air Brake U.3 '
300 North American (new stock) 76
100 Paeinc Coa(=t B2V4
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 83
Pacific CoaFt 2d pre'd 62.
:.->00 Pacific* Mail 38
1MC0 People's Gas ..: .....103^
l.^rj) Pressed Steol Car :.. 33%
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 7414
f,no Pullman Palace Car , 1M
400 Standard Rope & Twine 3^4
!C?.%0 Sugar ....139%
?00 Pugar prefd 120
5.200 Tennessee Coal & Iron '"2
2.200 United States Leather 12%
S00 United States Leather prefd 74
200 United States Rubber 19
United States Rubber prefd......... 59H
9.600 Western -Union i 88^
3.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 15»i
E0.600 Amalgamated Copper ,....103
1.5C0 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64ft
P C C & St Louis 60
1,009,100 Shares sold. k
CLOSING BONDS?.
U S 2s refunding NT Cent lsts...,.107 1 .4
reg 105*i N J Cent gen 6s...l35Vj
do coup 1C5H No Pacific 2s ~\*t%
do 3s res lllVi do 4s A W5H
do coup Ill N Y C & St L 4S..10SH
do new 4s res 137*i N T orf & .W con 4s..lO2Vi
do coup 137^» Or Nav lsts 110
ao old 4s reg 113 do 4s .'. ..lOHi
do coup Ill Qr S Line 6s 12S
do 6s regr lllti do con Ss 116^4
do coup 111U Reading: gen-4s 94V4
Dis<t of Col 3.65s.. .125 R G W lsts 100
Atchlson gen 4s ..103% St L & I M con Rs.lHVi
do adj 4s 93 St L & S F gen 6s. 130
Can So 24s 109 ¦ St Paul cons 1S4
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.-105»* St P C & Pac lsts.im;
do Es 120% do 5s 122
C AN W con 7s.. 141 So Pac 4s 92%
do S F deb 5s.... 118% So Railway 5s ....116
Chi Term 4s 91!i 8 Rope & T 6s..... 47
Colo So 4s S3 Tex & Pac lsts....H8'«
D & R G 4s 102's do 2ds S5
Erie gen 4s SS% Union Pac 4s ....10fi
F W & D C lsts.. 95 Wabash lsts 119V4
Gen Elee 5s 176 do 2ds 109&
Iowa Cent lsts ....116 West Shore 4s ....116
L & Nash uni 4s..l01Vi Wis Cent lsts SS
II K & T 2ds 78% Va Centuries 95»4
do 4s 97 vg .
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23:Little Chief 11
Alice 40JOntarIo 7 75
Breece 1 25 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con ... 26 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 95 Potosi 12
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage OS
Deadwood Terra .. 50! Sierra Nevada .... 25
Horn Silver llSISmall Hopes 65
Iron Silver 64 j Standard 3 SO
Leadvllle Con C51
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 4H
Call loans 3?3',4 Wejft End 95
Time loans 3(3-1'^ WestinRh Elec •... E8 •
Stocks — Bonds —
Atchlson 5C»i!Atchl6on 4s 101
do prefd SS'/jlN E G & Coke 5s. 63
Am Sugar 139% Mining shares
do prefd 120H I Adventure 1S>4
Boston & Albany.. 255 lAUouez Mln Co 21%
Boston Elevated ..169 {Amalg Copper <103!£ :
Boston & Maine. ..194»it Atlantic 34'
C B & Q 147'ijBoston & Mont. ...370
Dom Coal 3S% Butte & Boston 100H
do prefd 110 Calumet &Hecla..S6o'
Fed Steel 44V4 Centennial 27
do prefd 89 Franklin 23>4
Fltchburg prefd:..142 Humboldt 25
Gen Elec 211V& Osceola 94
do prefd 1S6 Parrot 53%
Ed Elec III 245 Qulncy 176
Mex Cent 17% Santa Fe Copper.. 8
X E G & Coke 12% Tamarack 345
Old Colony 20S Utah Mlntng ...... 36H
Old Dominion 37«i Winona 714
Rubber 19 Wolverines 54
Union Pacific 90T»
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
departments. May pork and . 'ribs closed a
shade-dqwn: and -lard 'unchanged.'- .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
.Articles/ -Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No- 2—
March 73% 74U 73% 74
April:.. u% .74H 74V4 74%
May • 73»» 73% 73^i 70%
Corn No. 2—
March .............. 3914 $v,i 33H 39»i
May -'4ots •" « 40% 40Ti
Oats No. 2— .
March ..... ... . 24»4 24'4 -24% 24%
May j; 25 i 4 23^ 25% 25H
¦'¦Mess -.Perk., per barrel— .
March ; .... ...:.' 13 95
May ........14 15 14 15 14 10 14 15
Lard, rer 100 pounds— .
March". -; ..... ..:. 740
May ...... .......... 7 4714 7474 7 42'^ 743
July 7 5214 7 52'2 7 50 7 50
Short nibs, per ICO pounds-
March ,... .7 00
May ?07li ' 7 10 • 7 02^4 7 05
September 7 20 7 20 7 17H 7 20
Cash quotations were asfollows: Flour, dull:
No.- 3 spring, wheat. 67V2*?72c; No. -2 red, 73®
76o; No. 2 . corn. 33Viff?.9Vic: No. 2 yellow.
3:-'4^39>4c; No. 2 oats' 25 : H><(t25%c ; Xo. 2 white.
27Hli2S»4c; No. 3 white, 27H®27%c; No. 2 rye.
5oc: good feeding barley, 45c: fair to choice
naltlr.gr. No. 1 flaxseed. $1 5S: No. 1
Northwestern. $1 60; prime timothy seed, $4 40:
nif-ss pork, per barrel, $13 95@14;»lard. per 100
pounds. $7 37%<jrn 40; ehort-rlb sides (loose).
$7fa7 20: dry raited shoulders (boxed). ?5 Zoli
6 £0: short clear sides (boxed). $7 35@7 5.">;
whisky, bnsls of high wines. $127; sugnrs.
cut loaf. 6.29c; granulated. 5.72c; confectioners'
A, o.cSc; off A, 5 44c; clover, contract grade,
$1C- 7J. - . /;-•;.¦
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..30.000 ' 23.000
Wheat, bushels :124.COO 64.000
Corn, bushels 537,000 102.000
Oats, bushels 4S5.O0O 176,000
Rye.'buRhels 6,000 2,000
Karley, bushels 43,000 13.100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was fairly active; creamery. 13<322c ;
Calry, 10@>19c. Cheese, quiet,, 10U©ll%C. Eggs,
active; fresh, 14c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 11H 5 11%
Closing B 11% 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Augr.
Opening ; » io 20 05
Closing 19 15 20 10
Flour — <-' .
Opening.. 24 55 - * 25 85
Closing "..24 65 25 80
Available Grain Supply.
KEW ,TORK, March 5.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreets
show the following changes in a\'allable sup
plies; as compared with the last account: .
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,739,000 bushels. Afloat for
and in Europe, increased 1,400,000 bushels.
Total supply decreased 399,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 1, 72S.OCO bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increased 642,000 bushels.
TUESDAY. March R— 2 p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. i . Bid. Ask.
<s coupon... ...114 114«i 4s cp (new). ...133 13SH
is reg....;.'....113'U3V3s coupon 111-112
Local securities wer* quiet on th« morning
session, with a decline in Spring Valley Water
to $32. . : .
In th« afternoon there was considerable ac
tivity in a small way in Oceanic at $38@55.
closing at $36 50. Spring Valley sold down to
$91 SO.
There was more business In oil stocks on the
morning session of the Producers' Oil Exchange
and Monte Cristo sold off to $2 17& and Junc
tion to- eic. ¦ - ¦
In the afternoon Monte Cristo was still lower
at $2 10. ¦ . . - -
Dividends • are payable as follows: Paauhau
sugar, 30c, on the 11th; Pacific Gas Improve
ment. 30c. on the llth : Californ!a-stre«t cable.
50c on the 13th; California Wine Association,
60c, on the llth. " •
. Hale & Norcross Mining Co. has levied an
assessment of 10c. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
While dealers continue to. quote a neglected
and depressed local market. New York advices
report a growing Inquiry there for several de
scriptions of Fruits and Raisins. Nuts and
Honey meet with very little call.
FRUITS^-Aprlcots, 5© 7c for Royals and 8^®
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, i@5''/ic;
Bun-dried, lVi@2 ! *;c; Peaches, 3ig3Hc for stand
ard 4©4V4c for choice and 5<g6c -.for fancy;
Pears 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 4@5c, unpltted, 1@
lVic; Nectarines, 5@5i£c for. red and 5V4@6c for
white. . • •
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c: 3(MCs. 7c;
40-SOs, 6V;c; 50-6CS. 4>/ic; 60-70s, 3\c; 70-SOs, 3^ic;
80-OOs. 2^; 90-lOOs. 2UC; 100-1208, lifcc: rubies.
Uc premium: Sonomas, He and San Joaquins
>4c less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per. lb: : choice, lie
standard, 10c;: prime, <><:; unbleached Thomp
sons, -9e per. lb. Sultanas— Fancy. ., lOVic per
lb; choice, 9V£c: standard. 8*4c; prime. Sc un
bleached Sultanas,; Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes
6%c:- 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown,* 6V4c; 2-crown. 6c'
Pacific brand, 2-crown. oc ; 3-crown. o^lc, . and
4-crown, 5V4c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. 18
ounce. 7c; 12-ounce, 5Hc; choice. 16-ounce, 6%c
12-ounce, 5Vic; London Layers 2-crown. $1 £0
per box: 3-crown. $1 60: Fancy Clusters,- $2: De
hesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3.- All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points In ¦ California.-^ ¦¦¦- '¦¦ ¦¦¦•
NUTS— Chestnuts, RiglOc per lb for Italian-
Walnuts, No. ¦ 1, softshell, 10c; No. 2, 714c; No.
l;hardshell. 9Vic; ! No. 2, :7c; Almonds," 12® 13o
for papershell, 9(gllo for softshell; Peanuts. 5<a>
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c ; : Filberts, • 13c ;
Pecans.. lliff 13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50#5."
HONEY— Comb, 13H@14c for bright and 12}j@
13c. for 4 light amber: water white extracted,
7Hc; light amber extracted, 6'/4J?7c: dark. 6@
6VsC per lb. . ¦
BEESWAXt-21@26c per \b.- ¦ . >X
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Oranges continue in poor condition and large
supply, though strictly fancy Navels are scarce
and firm. Six cars are announced for- to-day's
auction. ,
A i rivals of 207 boxes fresh Mexican Limes;
prices appear below. Lemons rule firm, though
there Is no scarcity. The demand for them ts
very cood. • * - *
Pears are not wanted much and are dull.
Apples continue to clean up. as asual at this
season, and the best grades are firm.
' Bananas are In good shape for sellers, the
market being only moderately supplied at the
moment. •
DF.CIDUOUS FRUITS
' APPLES— &0<g75c per box for common, 90c@
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 73®2 for fancy.
PEARS — 73c4J$l 00 per box and nomnial.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 73c@$2;
Seedlings, 50c<g*l; Tangerines, 75c@$l 50; Jap
anese Mandarins, $1@1 60: Lemons, $1@1 50 for
common and $1 75@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 60c@$2; Mexican Limes, $S@9:
California Limes, nominal: Bananas. 73c©il E0
per bunch for Island and $1 25<32 for New
Orleans; Pineapples, 73c®$2 per dozen. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie.
Storages-Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds.- ; dairy extras, - — .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9%c; choice,
8\4c common, nominal: Young America*. 10c;
Eastern, full cream. 15<gl6V4c per lb.
EGGS— . • r
California Ranch — Selected White, 13e; mixed
colors. 12c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12c; standard,
lie: seconds, .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy, : standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, — ; standard, ; seconds,
There is no further change In Butter. The
market Is freely supplied, and outsidj orders are
Insufficient to clean up the surpluo after the
local, demand has been supplied. Cheese con
tinues weak. ¦
Eggs are steady, owing to the demand for
local consumption and cold storage.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 61.500 pounds of Butter, 1560 cases Eggs.
7525 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 18c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦Game Is dull and nominal, with receipts
still in bad condition, owing to the hot
weather.
Poultry rules firm at the good prices which
have for a fortnight or so, receipts
being moderate. Dressed Turkeys are the only
neglected description. There is no call for
them. One- car of Eastern Poultry came in.
making three thus far this week.
' POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10tT12c for Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
10614c; Geese,, per pair, $1 50®l 75; Goslings,
$2 50®3; Ducks. $4Q5 for old and $6©7 for
ycung; Hens. $«?<>; Young Roosters, $6<?7; Old
Roosters, $4 SOiSo; Fryers. $3 5(X36; Broilers,
Ji 50@5 for large and $3 5O<@>4 for small: Pig
cons. ?1 80®! 75 per dozen for old and {2 EO^
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. $l@t 50:
Brant. $110 for small and $2 for large; Hon
kers, J3ig4 DO: English Snipe, ; Jack Snipe.
• Hare 75c^U; Rabbits, $1 for Cottontail
ond £0@75c for Brush; Pigeons, $.1 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 73@S3c; Burbanks.
30<tT5Ec for River, $ligl 20 per ctl for Salinas
pnd COc@$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles from
Oregon, 65075c; Sweets, S5c(S$l for Merced.
ONlONS-$2 50@3 per ctl: Cut Onion*, $2
per ctl; Australians are jobbing at 5c; Green
Onions, 35@40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 5<ff7c; Asparagus,
lC@15cfor No. 1 and 6@9c per lb for No. 2;
Green Peas. 2(S7c for Los Angeles and 4©7c
for Bay: String Beans. 4'310c; Cabbage. $1®
1 10; 'Tomatoes, Los • Angeles, l0c<8$l 23 per
crate; from Mexico, 75c(fj$l 50 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, 12H«?15c per lb; Green
Peppers, Los 1 Angeles, $!gl2Hc per lb for Chile
pnd 15c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@13c; Dry
Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots, 23<Fr33c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1©2 per dozen; Summer
Squash, $lf?l 50 per box; Garlic, 3@3Hc per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, ?30 per ton; Mushrooms,
12H@20c per lb.
Potatoes stand about the same. The market
Is well supplied. Salinas Burbanks are disap
pearing and the quotations for them are nom
inal. New Potatoes, 4c per pound.
Receipts were 284 boxes Asparagus, 217 boxes
Rhubarb nnd 23 sacks of Bay Peas.
- There Is no longer much Interest taken In
Or.lons. They are quiet and In ample supply
fcr the demand, which Is not sharp.
Receipts of Vegetables from Los Angeles
were very light, as usual on Tuesday, end
prices largely represented carried-over stock.
Arrivals of Asparagus and Rhubarb showed a
marked increase, but prices did not yield
much. Tomatoes were Flow, owing to the
large receipts from Mexico.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3%O
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H@8Hc for Califor
nia and 9@9Hc for Utah; Rape, 2g2iic; Hemp.
3%c: Timothy. 6V«c,
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2^2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers quote a dull and featureless market
fcr all descriptions under this head. '
BEANS— Bayos, $2 E0®2 75; Small White, $4 60
04 90; Large White, »4@4 25; Pink, *2 15<£2 35;
ned, $3^3 50; Blackeye, J3@3 25; Llmas, $5 60®
6 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; lted Kid
ney. $3 78@4 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5®8: Wheat. JU@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oaf, $9@ll 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S#9*0: Barley. $7 5009 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. .
MIDDLINGS— U6 50<gl3 50 per ton.
FEEDSTL'FFS— Rolled Barley. $16®16 B0 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@:6: Jobbing.
$26 TO: Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal, $25<»
$23 60; Cracked Corn, $23 50©26; Mixed Feed,
Bran continues weak* at the decline, and
dealers report a quiet market. Hay goes
along in the same old groove.
BRAN— 515^16 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25<@r
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 75@2*83 per barrel for family and
$275(53 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'. $2 73
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rve
Mfal, J2 JO; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2-75
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats. $150: Hom
iny. $3 50<&3 73; Buckwheat ! Flour tifii 23"
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina. $4 50; "Whole
A\ heat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrel?). $6 10
ui 60; In sacks, $5 75(&7 25; Pearl Barley, $o;
Split Peas, $5; Green' Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— Now that tax day has ~ passed some
dealers report considerably more movement,
especially for black, on account of their cheap
ness, while others still quote a dull and feat
ureless market. There is no change in prices.
White, $1 2o@l 45; Surprise" nominal; Red.
$1230140 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed $l'17 t 4®l 'O
for Seed. $1 23<gl 30 per ctl. " '
CORN— Is neglected and nominal at the
weaker prices, with a resumption of Imports
from the East. ' *~.
Yellow, $i io«?i 15; .White, $1 10#l 15; East
ern mixed, $1 12% per ctl. •
RYK— Freely offered and very dull at Z2\iQ
BLCKWHEAT— Nominal.
1 and 67&c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 75<&-S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
; , CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales,
Second Session— No j sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
No afternoon session. •• •
Flour, qr sks 10.760Ptraw, tons 25
Wheat, ctls 2.220|Hops. bales 114
Barley. ctl» 8,875! Wool. . bales ' 79
Beans, sks 1.871 Tallow ctls .>.... 533
Corn, ttls 2.250 Quicksilver. Casks *77
Potatoes, sks 2.241 Leather, rolls lftT
Unions, sks 141 Wine, gallons 63,720
Bran, sks 2.773 Hides, No 429
Middlings, sks .... 1,000 Pelts, bdls £0
Hay, tons 407
• ' EASTERN.
Corn, ctls WOj
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH 5, 1901.
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows*
Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S©19; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $18019; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90<gi
4: Pickets. $20; Shingles. J2 for common and
J2 73 for fancy: Shaken. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic, $23(323.
Crushed. G.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.73c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.73c; Magnolia A, 5.33c; Extra C.
5.25c: Golden C, 5.15c: barrels, 10c mor*: half
barrels. 23c more: boxes. SOc more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. ¦ No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoa, half-bar
rels. 6.."0c: boxes, 6.73c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead. V,iQ
7?ic r>er lb; White Lead. 1Ql\,c. according to
quantity. \
QUICKSILVER— $17 50®4S E0 per flask for lo
cal use and $45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlns Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags:
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $15@15 50 per
ton in large sacks and $16 In CCs. Liverpool
is quoted at $17018 E0 for the best and $14®
14 75 for lower grades.
TURPENTINE— Lower at OV; per gallon In
cases and 54c In drums or Iron barrels.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 13c: Pearl Oil.
cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star.
23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk. 14Vic: cases. 20%c; Benzine,
bulk, ISHc: cases. 19Hc; 85-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases, 26c per gallon.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. Xo. 1.
73c; pure. $1 30; Linseed OH, In barrels, boiled,
73c: raw, 73c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 70c: cases. 75c; China
Nut, B5® 65c per gallon; pure Neatsroot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 37H«M2He per gal-
Ion: Fish Oil. barrels. 25c: cases. 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S§33c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 26Q'30c: Sole Leather, light.
25®2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27(g'2Sc: Rough
Leather, light, 25<326c: Harness Leather, heavy,
S30?9c for No. 1 and 30^33c for No. 2: Har
ness Leather, medium. 30@37c: Harness Leath
er, llcht. 23-535C: Sklrtins. 36@40c: Collar
Leather. 15<5?16c per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40@
EOc j>er lb; Veal, finished, 50<ff53c; Calf finished.
75ctf;Jl 20; Sides, finished. 16#17c per foot: Belt
Knife Splits. 14igl6c; Rough Splits, sgiOc per
TANBARK— Ground, $26^23 per ton; Stick.
J1S(QIO r>er cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13@16c for prime to
fancy washed ; ll<?12c for strictly good washed ;
10@10*ic for good washed: 9®9T4c for fair
washed; S@S?ic for medium: 6®7*ie for In
ferior to ordinary; 11 (3 13c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10igl0*ic nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: Si;@S$ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed. *-
Nicaragua— 13C«'16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed: 9*.4<?12c nominal for fair to strictly
good washed: 8@SHc nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; 10<S?10*£c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Salvador— 10@13Vic for good to prime washed;
S^ft^c for fair washed; lliffttHc for good
to prime washed peaberry: 9@9%c for good to
prime semi-washed; SH'SSTic for superior un
washed: 8»4c for good green unwashed: 10*9
liMir for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6<@7Hc for common to ordinary.
.COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13©14e nominal for
prime washed: W&\2y,c nominal for good
washed; 12@13c nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; u<311?ic nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10^612c for good to prime:
»H©10c nominal for good current mixed with
black beans; SXfflOe nominal for fair; &Ql*\c
nominal for common to ordinary.
"Golden State," 6V4c; middle, "White Seal."
f'jc; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, per lb, 9c;
2-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless/ per lb, 7c; Desic
cated, -per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels,
each. $7 60; Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each.
$4 60
"Norway," 6V4c; "Narrow Gauge," 6Vic; "Sil
ver King," 7^c; blocks, "Oriental," 6%c;
blocks, "Seabrlght." 6%c; tablets, 7c; middles.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices for most de
scriptions have been marked up. Bundles, per
lb, 4^ic; cases, regular, 4%c; cases, extra large,
5Hc; cases. Eastern style, 6c; Boneless, P4c;
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12Uc per lb;
Sisal Size and Bale Rope, 9c; Duplex. 8c.
Terms, 60 days or I 1 ,* per cent cash discount.
COAL— Wellington, |3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, 19; Seattle, \l- Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $3; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per 2C00 pounds and J8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras In 2H-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 EO; Cherries,
$2 for black and $2- for Royal Anne; Grapes,
$1 3i; Peaches. Kicgn 73; Pears, $1 83; Plums.
$1 3C51 40; Quinces. *1 65; Strawberries. $1 73.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6Ht?6Hc; local
make, 6*fcc; 'Wool Bags, 30^32*ic; Fleece Twine,
7%c. ,
Gcicral Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6Vic for small and 6V t e
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, 5«ic;
feeders, 6}fcc; dressed Hogs, Sgfl^c.
Supplies of all descriptions are Ught, but
prices are pretty high for the public, hence
business is none too brisk:
BEEF— 7<2«c for Steers and 6@7%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Sc; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 939%c; Ewes, SUS^c
per pound.
LAMB— Yearlings. 10c per lb; Spring. 10@12He
per pound.
The only change Is a further decline In Mut
ton and Lamb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
.Quotations ¦ for Wool ehow considerable
change. The market Is reported dead and
unsatisfactory. Wool cannot be moved on tha
iresent basis, but It Is feared that the bot
tcm has not yet been reached. Shearing Is In
progress in the San Joaquln and will soon be
CTtjnprfl.1
There" Is a steady but slow movement in
Hops, without feature, which Is gradually re
ducing supplies. , '
Hld»3 are steady enough If .first class, but
the inferior grades are neglected.
HIDES AXD SKINS— Culls and brands sell
nbout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
SUfglOc; medium. 9c: light. SfiS^c: Cow Hides.
SHc for heavy and Sigs'sc for light: Stag,. 6*
tV-c, Salted itip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9@10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides.' 154@16c: Culls, l»4©Me:
try Kip. 15016c: Dry Calf. ISSlTc: culls and
brands 14@15c: Sheepskins, shearlings,
each; short Wool. SO® 50c each; medium. 60®. •><•;
Ung Wool, 75c<3$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 oO
@2 73 for large and J2Q2 25 for medium, N 2j
lor small and £0c for colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium. $1 2a for small
and 50e for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 3oc; fall or medium eklns. 30c; winter or
thm skins. 2Cc./ Goatskins-Prime Angoras..
7rc; larg? and smooth. 50c; medium. 3oo.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. iVtQiK* per lo:
Ko. 2. 4®4*4c; grease, 2t?2}»c. .
WOOL- Spring, 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12@13c; do.
defective, 10@llc; Middle County, free, lOflllc:
do. defective. 9@10c; Southern, 12 month*. W
Sc; Southern, free. 7 months. 7® 10c: do. de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley, fine.
lj@16c; do, medium and coarse, Wjploc: Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12®14c; do, fair to good.
Sfillc; Nevada, 10<@12c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, lVS12c; Middle County and North
ern. 8<BSc; San Joaquln, 7@Sc
HOPS— 15<320c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll®UHe per lb for
heavy JlVs@12c.for light medium. 12V4©13c for
light. 13@Hc for extra light and 15@U«ic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c;
Mess Beef.' $12 per barrel: extra Mess. $13;
Family. $14: extra fine Pork," $15©1j aO; extra
clear. $19 5SS20; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound. , ¦
LARb-Tierees quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 9#c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9«Jc- 10-lb tins. lOVic; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
'cOTTOLEME — One half-barrel. 8»4c; three
helf-barrels, 8c; one tierce. ?%c; two tierces,
7&c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
All dealers quote a dull and unsatisfactory
market for these goods. There Is no change
in quotations.
Provisions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
8
BTi
)XS.
I La*t | This I
124 Hour*! Season.
1 Last
Season.
i
n
i
5:
H
I I
I
tail
es
r-.n
is
ice
B .
BtO
enea
OJ,:
fir*
£0 •
!CO ...
•e .
jispo..
s
c.oo 2S.TJ
0.00 22.72
0.00 16.10
0.00 1S.(M
0.00 S.94
O.00 6.66
0.00 27.04
.... 0.00 13.61
.... 0.00 g.53
41.37
17.43
14.53
16.11
7.04
J.17 ¦
14.70
c.M>
3.13
BTi
)XS.
I La*t | This I
124 Hour*! Season.
1 Last
Season.
i
n
i
5:
H
I I
I
tail
es
r-.n
is
ice
B .
BtO
enea
OJ,:
fir*
£0 •
!CO ...
•e .
jispo..
s
c.oo 2S.TJ
0.00 22.72
0.00 16.10
0.00 1S.(M
0.00 S.94
O.00 6.66
0.00 27.04
.... 0.00 13.61
.... 0.00 g.53
41.37
17.43
14.53
16.11
7.04
J.17 ¦
14.70
c.M>
3.13
AUCTION SALES
PRELIMINARY NOTICE.
(2S.CO0 WORTH OF GOVERNMENT TEXTS
i ' AT AUCTION:
By orders from headquarters we will sell oa
ii iT A *' Marcl » tt. 1901. beginning at 10
?tA?f£r-5: o m - sha rP. at our salesrooms. 81?
J'^" STREET, opposite Battery, the foi-
i£. Go^*rnment property direct froro th«
Presidio: jcoo Tents; 2000 Duck Wagon Covers.
a\ a'' *£ ** ta Efcuble and Single Harness
and Leads: Camp T00I3; 3 Government Mules;
3 Army AV aeons etc
v^P^in-^','* 1 '" 101 ' CO- Auctioneers.
NOTE.-AU this tentag* 1, nearly new. hav-
ing been used but a short time on the military
reservation of San Francisco. Goods will f
on inspection with catalogue on sale. Friday.EETArL CXEBK5 DENY
MEBCHANTS' CHARGES
The mr-mber? of the Retail CWks" Asso
ciation neve taken umbragre at the charges
mad*» by the executive committee of the
Retail Merchants' Association. The clerks
claim that they ar* not puilty of coercion,
on th«» contrary claiming that their ef
forts tn secure early closing were made in
a Ftraiphtforward. manly way. They
Ftat* that the letter sent to the merchants
rpquPFtinc thfir co-op*«ratlon In the early
c:o«ir.|r, movement conveyed the request In
a fair and .lu^t manner and contained not
a vestigp of threat and was not Intended
to intimidate.
Thf <-!erk* <*.r~\orr th«* ne*r^s*ity for boy
«-oTTi"F. but 5sy such action Is necessary
fortho T'r*»s^rva»Ion of their interest*.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Annie Heninerton from Albert He 1 
rlngton for desertion, William Walker
from Ag^es Walker for desertion. Abble
I,. Bell from M. W. Bell for willful no
plect. Minna Borland from G. H. Borland
for cruelty and Minnie Wurthmann from
Bernhardt Wurthmann for extreme
cruelty. Suit? for divorce were filed yes
terday by Anne Duane apainst Timothy
Duan<> for cruelty. Catherine Jacobs
ag-alnst Jacob Jacobs for cruelty. Grace
Kiordan against Jo«=enh M. Riordan tnr
desertion. Lillian Hall aealnst Algernon
Hall for desertion. Adelina Bacigalupi
aerainst AuijUFt Bacipalupi for cruelty, A.
Mendelsohn apainst Bernard Mendelsohn
for cruelty and Jamej. N. Powell agalns*
Ellen Powell for infidelity.
Schooner Brothers Burglarized.
When Captain Fred Rank of the hay
Frhoon«>r Pmthers went up town Monday
night he left everything secure sls he
thought. When he reached the vessel ves
terday morninar he di*eoverd his mMake
The cabin door had been pri«»i open and
everything movable carried away Every
Ftitch of clothing: In the lockers was gone
and Rank had to buy a pair of overalls
before he could ro to work. A email sum
nf money and a watch were aUo taken
and all the loose rope coiled on. deck had
disappeared. The robbery is charged to
"wharf rats" and the police are now look-
Ing for them.
Board of Works Gives Way.
The Board of Public Works sent a com
munication to the Civil Service Commls-
Flon yesterday In which It agrees to sub
mit to the rule recutrinK employes to b«
dismissed only In !!••» Inverse order of
their appointment. 'The board recently
dismissed thirty-five laborers, some of
whom stood higher up on the registration
cr eligible lists than those retained. Th«
board agrees to reinstate thi> men and in
future will file charees of inefficiency
fhould it decide to Jlsmiss any emplove.
which cHarsres must be proven before the
dismissal will be approved.
NATIONAL CITY L1BKLED BY A PAS
FEXGER-Polomon J*he filed a maritime libel
yesterday In the. I'nlted State* District Court
arain« the steamer National City to recover
VOOd damages fcr breach cf contract. Jahe
allecea that he paid for patMge from San
Francisco*, to I>aweon City and that he wu
dumped at Pt. Michael.
PALACE HOTEL
J N Palin, Michigan
F P Spins. San Jose
N J Johnson. Xeb
F TV Hunt. N C
A C Spring & w,. Bost
J B Gildersleeve, 111
N Hathaway & w, N Y
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
F Robinson & w. N Y
Dr V d'Ercole. N r Y
W T Peterson & w,
Sacto
H B Coreleton.& w,
N Y
A B Stetson. Milwauke
TV G Tom. Des Moines
TV E Hadley. S Diego
J R Grant, S Dlegro
C TV Bush, Woodland
J P Diggs. Woodland
A H Brown & w, Cal
A Bolza, S Jose
H Heyman. N Y
A Loeher. USA
J J Rosenthal & w,
N Y
F A Boggs. N Y
O R Crawford. X Y
F G Lawrence. Omaha
Gen TV H Seaverns, .
Sacto
F E Shaw & w, Butte
C Foster. Butte
W A Clark Jr. Mont
V)jr & Mrs N E Chap.
man. Nev city
Mrs J Gilbert. Nev C
G L. Thomas & tt Cal
T Concshan. USX
L H Whitney. Mich
A- G Stevenson, Aus
, traila
C A Savage, Australia
A W Brown. N Y
A Dalrymple, N Y
C H Chandler. Pittsbg
;JV,' Roth. Visalla
>\ A Underwood, Jf Y
A Gunn, N Y
E A Moore. X Y
W H Rogers. St Louis
Mrs W H Rogers. Mo
G Li Owens A w, N Y
R A Cameron, New
Zealand
I- Helm, Los Anr
B Teller. Sacto
P A Fee. Madera
!Mrs O B McAneny,
Iiawrence
jMrs W C Mastlck, CaJ
jE S Gordon & w, Cal
i T J noberts, N Y
T Flint. San Juan
F T Southerland & w
Oroville
J de Laltten & w.
Minn
GRAND HOTEL
L Shonlnger, N Y
C M Stout. St Paul
A L, fcackett, St Paul
A McCarthy, St Louis
l« Blaslngame & w,Ca!
L M Welgle. Tulare
O Colllgan, Dawson
J Klankfiel.l. N Y
P E Anzar. S Juan
T A Wagner. Indianpl
P Warner. Palo Alto
A C Rutan, Kansas
F Parker. Sacto
C. Mlglavacca & w,
Napa '
G P Wells, Colo
O R Morrie, Cal
¦\V Mead & w, I.. Ang
A F Redfwd. Cal
W narrlnjrton. Cal
J Foster, Woodland
Mrs RafTerty. S Diego
O Matfleld, 8 Diego
L, L Cecil, Delano
Mrs O Smith, Sacto
J B Carson, Gilroy
J D Smith, Redwood
U Teitig Jr. Cal ' .
\V P Knox, Pacto
G T Towle. Towle
J Dick & w, Ind
D Parrlance & w, Ind
C Leopold, Iowa
L. Chamberlain. Cal
J S Mariner, Nebr
M II Allen, Portland
J RasrKlo. Angels
J J Rupp. L Ahg
J T\* Glenn, Stockton
A H Hart. N Y
E York & w, Cal
M Biggs Jr. Orovllle
BIG MINER PUNISHES
A COWAEDLY POLICEMAN
Prisoner Bears Much Abuse but B«-
the Face.
taliates When Struck in
Police OfScer J. F. Brazil met his? mas
**r In the person cf William Holland, a
bip. pood-r.atured Nome miner, who was
arrested Jast night at Fifth and Natoma
j-tr*f-t« on a charge of malicious mis
rfcief.
Brazil was on duty In th<? wairon sent
t« frrirg Holland to the jail, and on the
return trip amused himself by prodding
xi~f rrisnnor in th° ribs with his club.
Holland was= taken to the Receiving
Hospital to have a Flijiht scalp wound
dr^SPt-rl and as he was being placed in the
<^ha:r Rrsz^l struck him a powerful blow
in thp faof. This was raor* than Holland
5tar,d and he jumped for the cow-
He cot a good hold threw th<? t>o
lir^man around as if ..* were a m^re bab«.
It required the strength of ali the'hospi
tal attarhf-s to rescue tii«» policeman, who
a? socn as he was releapec 1 , -aised a cry
for help.
Fo fearful ws? Brazci of apain being
ronphiy handled by the big- miner that
b*> ask»»d th*» driver to Fit In the wagon
»-fci»e he drove to the jd 11.
MILLS WILL RETAIN
HIS DIRECTORSHIP
Agrees to Remain on Southern Pacific
Board— He Will Arrive
Here To-Day.
Word was received yesterday In th«
railroad building that D. O. Mills was on
his way to San Francisco and would ar
rive here this evening In his special car.
There Is no grreat significance. In a rail
road sen!»e, to the trip of Mills to this
city, as the millionaire landowner has
been In the habit for several years of vis
iting the coast at this season of the year
to Wcnpe the severe weather in the East-
C Tt ?s a definitely settled that Mills will
still retain his position as a director of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Mills is a personal friend of Harrlman.
and It is reported that Harriman asked
him as a personal favor to still continue
on the board. Mills will remain In Cali
fornia about a month and during: that
time will carefully inspect his many inter
ests and Investments in this State.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
TO HONOR THE MEMORY
OF STEPHEN M. WHITE
Steps Being Taken in This City to
Perpetuate His Memorv in
Marble and Bronze.
A meetinr of the White Memorial Com
; mittee was held yesterday at Mayor Phe
lan's office. Orparlzation was effected
i with the Mayor as chairman and R. P.
Troy as secretary. Mayor Snyder of Lou
! Anpeies and John F. Francis, president
I of the Newman Club of that city, re
j ouested that the committee so formed act
; for San Francisco, the late Senator
i White's native city. The following ad
dress was adopted :
I To th» People of F^^ Francisco: Upon the
1 death of th» late Senator Stephen M. White
I an arr>e»l was made oy the Mayor fit the city
j of L«s Arp*l*s to erect pome suitable monu
ment to r*rr>^tuat« his memory. This appeal
j has already m»t with a generous response. In
j view of th» eminent nations, both State and
! rational, which Senator White has filled, of
Ms lif»-lon^ devotion t« the public Beirice and
of the exalted character which he has ever
maintained, it is confidently hoped that the
whole Ftate will participate in rendering this
final tribute. The undersigned have been ap
pointed & committee to solicit and receive from
the people of San Francisco, the city of Sen
ater White's birth, contributions to that end.
TheFe may be remitted to the chairman of
the committed, the Hnn. James D. PhMan,
office 3C1 Phelan building. Very respectfully.
Georjfe C. Perkins. C. K." Felton. James D.
Phe!an. J. Doximey Harvey, D. M. Delmas.
R. P. TriT, James O. Maruire, James V.
I Tollman. M. F.' Tarpey. J. H. Budd. Walter
f Van Dyke. Frank H. Gould. R. M. Fltrperald.
I John D. Spreckels. M. H. <3e Toung. I. IV.
Hellmarn. W. R. Hearst, Hugh Hume. R. A.
brother*. J. Garber, Garret W. McEnerney, E.
P. Pillsbury. J. C. Campbell. W. W. Foote.
Arthur Rodgers. B. I). Murphy. Thomas F.
Barry, Richard C. O'Connor and A. B. Bpreck
ele.
Besides those formerly reported, sub
scriptions were made at the meeting as
' follows: A. B. Spreckels. $500; J. Downey
Harvey, $S0; E. S. Pillsbury. $100; D. M.
¦ Delmas. $100. San Francisco Parlor No.
I 49. N. S. G. W.. at the request of Grand
! President Judge Rust, has contributed $30.
ASK CARTER
TO BE GUEST
AT A BANQUET
Coloradans Who Are Fighting for Ir-
rigation Anxious to Honor the
Senator for Killing River
and Harbor Bill.
Special Dispatch t<? The Call,
DENVER, Colo., March 5.— The Denver
Chamber of Commerce is making prepara
tions to entertain at a banquet Senator
Thomas H. Carter cf Montana on his re
turn from Washington... The chamber
wired- congratulations at the close of the
Senator's- "thlrteen-hour"*' speech, by
which he talked the river and harbor ap
propriation bill to death, because the Sen
ate refused to accept amendments pro
viding money for Irrigation.
To-day a telegram was sent Senator
Carter by the Chamber of Commerce ask
ing him to be the guest of honor at a
banquet In Denver. The Senator is ex
pected to stop in Deliver on his way home
from Washington.
Democrats are joining with Republicans
In the fight for irrigation made by the
Montana Republican Senator.
Edward Taylor, a Democrat, to-day In
troduced in the State Senate a resolution
commepding Senator Carter as the cham
pion ortrrigation of the arid lands of the
West and expressing the gratitude of Col
crado to him.
CHARGED WITH CRIME
AGAINST YOUNG GIRLS
Warrants Issued at San Jose for
Charles R. Acree and Wil
liam Miller.
SAN JOSE, March 5.— Charles R. Acree
and William Miller, two employes of the
Southern Pacific Company, have been
charged with taking undue advantage of
two young girls, Mabel Bell and Myrtle
Yates, aged lfi years, after they had been
plied with liquor. 'The complainant Is
Mrs. J. Delmouly, the mother of the
Yates girl and aunt of the other.
The crime is alleged to have been com
mitted on Friday night. Acree was ar
rested last nlitht and released on $2000
ball. His- examination is set for March
18. Miller has not yet been arrested.
Acree is a brakeman running between
here and Alameda and Miller Is a switch
man at AlameOa Point. A coincidence Is
that both men are cousins, as are the
girls.
KING EDWARD ASKS
SUPPORT FOR ROYALTY
Parliament Requested to Make Pro-
vision for Maintenance of Several
Members of the Family.
LONDON, March 5.— 'At the conclusion
of the questions In the' House of Com
mons to-day the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, read
a message from the King asking Parlia
ment to make suitable provision for the
honorable support and maintenance of
the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York, the Duchess of Fife, the Princesses
Victoria and Charles of Denmark and the
Queen, in the event of her surviving him.
and the Duchess of York, in the event of
her surviving her husband.
Ewing Sig^is Streib.
OAKLAND, March r.—J. Cal EwHb.
manager of the Oakland , baseball club,
has signed Julius Streib. the big first bas»
man of last year's Stockton team, to plav
first base for the, OaTtland team during
the coming 1 season. Streib held a high
pjace In the California League last year
and was very popular.
wv.".".'vv.' vw'i"! 1 *!".".";";"."."."*"."^"*"*
DECLARES KILLING OF
OLIVERIA JUSTIFIABLE
Coroner's Jury at Bakersfield Returns
a Verdict Exonerating Mrs.
Silva.
BAKERSFIELD, March 5.— Justifiable
homicide was the verdict returned by the
Coroner's jury to-day at the end of the
Inquest over the body of Manuer Oliverla.
who was phot and killed yesterday by Mr?.
Frank Sllva. the mother pf the girl he had
married only the day before. This ver
dict was rendered as a result of the evi
dence given by Mrs. Silva and her two
daughters, who swore that the cause of
the tragedy was the fact that Oliveria had
victimized Emequilina Sllva, the 15-year
old sister of the bride.
After the marriage on Sunday, when
Oliverla and his young wife had departed
for their new home. Emequilina weepingly
told her mother of Oliverla's crime. This
greatly enraged the mother. W hen Oli
verla -visited her the next morning Mrs.
Sllva upbraided him. A bitter quarrel
followed, resulting in the killing.
Mrs. Silva and her two daughters acted
perfectly cool and composed in giving this
testimony. Their stories exactly cor
roborated. The young bride showed
marked fidelity to her mother as against
the dead man.
It was also brought out by the testi
mony that while the wadding feast was In
full blast on Sunday George Cordoza In
formed the Sllvas that Oliveria had a
wife and children back in Portugal. This
created consternation for a time, but was
apparently smoothed over and the feast
continued.
CFFERED A BRIBE TO
SCHOOL TRUSTEE SEELEY
Contractor Waite's Sensational Testi-
mony at the Hearing of the
Tiburon Official.
SAN RAFAEL, March 5.— At the pre
liminary hearing to-day of J. B. Seeley,
the Tiburon School Trustee, who Is ac
cused of offering to accept a bribe from
F. O. Walte, the contractor for the new
school at that place., sensational testi
mony was given by "Waite, who is the
main witness for the prosecution. He
admitted that he had offered Seeley $200
to use his influence with the other Trus
tees to have tha school building accepted.
Seeley put In no defense and Justice
Rodden held him to the Superior Court
In $1500 bonds. Before adjournment At
torney Cochrane. for the defense, moved
that "the court order Waite Into custody
by reason of his admissions. District
Attorney Mclsaac contended tbjit if
Walte were arrested both men would es
cape as they could not be made to tes
tify 'against themselves. The court al
lowed Walte to go.
DEATH'S HAND IS LAID
UPON SISTER MARIANA
Mother Superior of Sisters of Charity
of the United States Passes
Away.
LOS ANGELES, March 5.— Sister Mari
ana, mother superior of the Sisters of
Charity of. the United States, died • this
evening at the Sisters* Hospital. Sister
Mariana directed the 120 homes of the
order, including 1700 Msters. In speaking
of her to-night Bishop Montgomery sqld:
"Mother Mariana was a very superior
woman. One who occupies the position
she did Is selected for her ability and ex
cellent qualities." ,
She was 71 years of age and entered the
order in 1S57. For many years she was
In charge of the larere orphan asylum at
Richmond. Va. In 1S87 she was elected
mother superior of the order. For the
last twenty-three years her headquarter?
had been at Emm«tsburg. Md. Mother
Mariana wa* on her annual Inspection of
homes on the coast when s£e was taken
ill with pneumonia. .- ' „_
TWO WOMEN QUARREL
OVER DEAD MAN'S BODY
Widow of John Mahar Triumphs
Temporarily' Over His Former
Wife. '
SAN RAFAEL. March 5.-Aged John
Mahar. who was taken to San Francisco
yesterday by a divorced wife, her daugh
ters and a Eecond wife, died at St. Mary's
Hospital this morning at 7 o'clock. There
was a sharp contest over the disposition
to be made of the body. Airs. Klfen 'Ma
har. the second wife, won with the aid of
Attorneys Lennon and Hawkins, and the
remains were brought to this city to-day
for interment. . _•.-
The next battle will be fought In the
courts, tn see who shall receive the few
thousands left by,. the aged benedict.
STOCKTOX. March 5.— Alfred Ple'tso'n of
Tracy was killed this evening by beins thrown
trcra a «-arc
riage Company, on Eighth street. When
seen last night, he slated that he was not
astonished, because Mrs. Coombs had
been too lenient with their son.
FATHER THREATENED
BY KIDNAPING GANG
Arkansas Banker Is Ordered to De-
liver Fifty Thousand Dollars
or Lose His Child.
PIXE BLUFF, Ark., March p. — W. H.
Langford has just made public a letter
received by him Sunday afternoon from
persons signing themselves the "Xeely
Bang." The letter contained a. demand
that Mr. Langford deposit $50,000 in cash
at the end of the alley back of his house
by 10 o'clock Sunday night, or else his son
Jack, a bright boy 7 years old. would be
kidnaped and his eyes would be burned
out. Mr. Langford was threatened with
death if he undertook to apprehend the
authors of the letter. He is president of
the Citizens" Bank of this city, owns a
large amount of stock In other banks and
corporations in the State and is prominent
In ah public enterprises.
The matter was at once placed in the
hands of the police, and Mr. Langford and
two offlcCTs put a small amount of money
In the place designated and lay In wait
fsobody appeared up to 11 o'clock at night
so the watchers left, supposing the gang
had learned of their presence. No attempt
has yet been made to kidnap the hoy. who
Is kept at home and guarded. The clty
offleials are working on the case, and a
public subscription is being raised as a
reward for the capture of the criminals.
LAMBEETSON OBJECTS TO
OIL LAXD APPRAISERS
Defends His Title to Cuoco Estate
Property, hut Wishes to Avoid
Additional Expense.
N>arly everybody connected with the oil
Jar.d problem raised during the adminis
"ratirr. of the estate of the .ate Giovanni
< tooeOi otherwise known as John Cook.
hap pot an appeal to the Supreme Court to
perfect. This fact and a few others has
><i to a continuance of the hearing of the
case by Judpp Troutt until the JMh Inst.
• > r.«-n the c^se was called yesterday
mornfas A. Ruff, attorney for former
Public Administrator Drinkhouse, urged
Thtit action be taken by the court upen
the various points raided by interested
; arties.
Mr. Ruef sujrsrt-sted that the court make
an order directing expert oil men to ap
: r~:s-e :he property, but this was objected
to by Charles .O. Lamberson, who is try
ing- to sustain th<» If-g-ality of the sale of
the property to him for $%00 by Consul
S^rra, attorney in fact of decedent's heirs,
v.ho reside in Italy. Lamberpon pointed
oat that the appraisement of the propertv
»uul< m-HXi an a4d' t ' ons ' *>xpen*e of $50
ta him and he was not anxious to stand
he same
Etaef said he could see no merit In Lam-
Vf-rp.-'n'? objection, a? he was the original
r4ddT f ' -r th* property. Ruef also pointed
tn th<* fact that as yet no s=uit has been
Sled to set aFid*» the d*-M from Serra to
Lamberpon. It wa« stated later in the
day thst if ary action is filed it will b«
m "thp Circuit Court of Los Ar.geles. Th"s
would make considerable exp^ns^e for the
r.efer.pe and the constant transfer of wit-
and then again the cape could not
he fo closely watched es though It wa«
f.l^d in thif city. But the suit has not
yf-t b*»en filed.
WILLIE SMITE LEADS
THE PRESIDIO GOLFEBS
Horace Rawlins of Oakland Appar
ently Has the Best Chance of Se
curing the Second Prize.
Six professional goifers played yester
day in the tournament on the Pre«ldl."»
links. The experts wer* Robert Johnstone.
Horace Rawlins. Harry Rawllns. F. J.
Riley. and the visitors "Willie Smith acd
David Bell. The course was In excellent
condition, having drle.l out since the last
rain. "Willie Smith expressed himself as
better pleased with th» Presidio links than
with any other he has ?een since he came
to California. He played the best game
of any of the professionals, being eight
strokes ahead of his nearest competitor.
Horace Rawlins. on the first eighteen
holes. Willie Smith's two rounds In 41
and 3S were the two best of the day, th*
next best being Horace Rawllns* first and
F. J. Riley's second, bcth in 43.
' In yesterday's play Willie Smith was
flr?t with a score of 73. Horace Rawllus
being second with 87. while Rlley and Beh
tied with S9 each. The full details are
given In the table:
Competitors— 1 ! H 5 U M
WilHe Smith-
Out 5 4 * * S .5 4 S 5— 41
In 5 S 4 4 3 5 3 3 I— 3S— 7*
Horace Rawllns—
Out S 5 4 4 4 5 3 i »—tt
In « 5 « 4 4 S 5 4 5— 4*-J7
! F. J. Riley—
Out 5 9 5 5 5 5 5 5 5— «
In 5 5 4 5 5 5 3 4 7— J3-«»
'¦ David Bell-
Out 5 5 « 4 4 5 5 5 5-44
In « 5 5 5 4 5 5 5 5— 4S— S3
¦ Robert Johnston* —
Out « 5 5 4 5 5 5 4 *— 45
In S (5554(4 5— 49-91
; Harry Rawl*ns—
I Out -V. 7 5 « 4 5 5 ( « 8-50
I In 5 « 5 5 4 4 5 4 » 41 -94
The matches In which It was proposed
i .Willie Smith and Davia Bell should each
play the best ball of two amateurs dM
'• not come off. as none of the strong play
era found themselves abte to play In the
i morning. The remaining eighteen hole*
' of the professional tournament will be
i played this afternoon, beginnlns at 2
: o'clock.
Postmasters Appointed for Amador
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
and Shasta Counties and a Num
of Patents Issued.
WASHINGTON. March 5.— Postmaster |
commissioned: Washington — John A. Kan- \
cher, Manila. Appointed: California— W. j
A. Bennette, lone, Amador County, vice \
J. W. McMurray, resigned; W. C. Bartlett. j
Slatoner, Shasta County, vice F. M. Whit- |
low, deceased. Oregon — W. H. Kay," Mon- j
roe, Benton County, vice M. L. Barnett, •
resigned.
These patents were issued to-day: Call- !
fornia — Manley K. Chaplin and E. Falk, !
San Francisco, v^Ive; Frederick W. Dob- :
bel, San Francisco, hand stamp: Charles
H. Harrington, assignor to F. L. Argall \
and W. C. Anderson, San Jose, shap- ]
Ing sheet metal By hydra'ulic pressure: '
Andrew Hang, San Francisco, hair curler; i
Adams Hoch, Alameda, adding and print- j
ing machine, also adding machine; George j
J. Luce, San Francisco, automatic fire ex- 1
tlnguisher; Charles W. Pierce and A. Me- j
Mohon, San Francisco, automatic dumb- |
waiter stop; Appius C. Swain, San Fran- '¦
Cisco, Incandescent gas burner; William
F. Schmidt. Blanco, embroidery thimble. -
Oregon — Cttarles A. and G. A. Anderson.
Portland, wheel tire tightener; John R.
Scrafford. Corvallis, gate.
Washington— Albert Allen. Spokane, sub
marine mining machine; Charles E. S.
Burch, Seattle, Ice locomotive: William E.
Fowler, T. Owen and S. H. Metcalf, Seat
tle, advertising device; Clarence W. Tar
bet, Goldendale, game apparatus.
Senator Perkins, on behalf of the Elec
toral College delegates i from California,
to-day presented Vice President Roosevelt
with the tablet and gavel used by Presi
dent Shortridge at the meeting of the
Electoral College, when the vote of Cali
fornia was cast for McKinley and Roose
velt. The tablet and gavel are made of
beautiful California woods, handsomely
mounted in silver and suitably Inscribed.
The eeremony of presentation took place
In the Vice President's room at the Capl-
Itol.' Senator Bard participated. Mr. Roose
velt accepted the gift in appropriate re
marks, sending greetings to the members
of. the college and expressing the desire
and hope of a visit to California.
ENGLAND MAY PLACE
A DUTY UPON SUGAR
Proposition Has for One Purpose the
Increase in the Revenue of
the Country.
LONDON, March 5.— The Chancellor of
the Exchequer. Sir Michael Hlcks-Beacn.
said a prominent member of the House
of Commons to-night, will probably In
troduce a duty on sugar In the forth
coming budget and will perhaps add a
countervailing duty. A member of the
Ministry said:
_"I can only say that this serious de
parture from England's historic prin
ciples 'of free trade Is under discussion,
as the provisions of the budget are re-
Hgiouslv kept secret until announced In
the Houte of Commons. However, if
sugar is not taken off the free list there
will be a large number of disappointed
Conservatives. On the other hand the
introduction of such a motion will meet
with the most fierce opposition from the
present Liberals and old-time champions
of free trade.
"The movement In favor of such a step
is due, firstly, to the almost utter decay
of England's refining industry: secondly,
to the careful studv of the success of
American sugar under tne present sys
tem: and, thirdly, to the dire necessity of
the Government to raise fund3 by other
means than increasing the already enor
mous direct taxation. For some time an
Influential committee of the House of
Commons has been dealing with the sub
ject. After the recent controversy be
tween Russia and the United States over
sugar this committee decided to make the
matter one of debate In the House of
Commons on March 4. James Reid, mem
ber of the House of Commons from Green
ook. the center of the sugar refining In
dustry, was appointed spokesman; but at
the last moment Mr. Balfour was* obliged
to cancel his consent in consequence cf
the necessity of devotins all the Houses
time to the debate on supplies."
WESTERN JOCKEY CLUB
ADOPTS NEW RULES
Policy Toward Racetrack Owners
Who Refuse to Recognize Its Au
. thoritv Strongly Declared. -
CHICAGO," March 5.— The stewards of
the Western Jockey Club at a meeting
here to-day adopted the rules which will
govern the new turf body. The most Im
portant point is a declaration of policy
toward racetrack owners who refuse to
recognize the authoilty of the Western
Jockey Club. The stewards passed a- rule
barring from participation on any West
ern Jockey Club track any one racing at
unrecognized meetlncs. such as those held
by all tracks west of the Allegheny Moun
tains, except California, where a license
is not obtained -from the stewards.
The decree does not carry absolute "out
lawry" because the persons so barred are
privileged to race ?n the East or on the
Pacific Coast, but It was as far as th«
Western Jockey Clut> could go under Us
present powers and shows that the stew
ards are determined to take a firm stand
to obtain the control of racing in the
West and will press their power to the
utmost.
LAWMAKERS 'BATTLE
IN THE BEICHSBATH
VIEN'NA, March 5.— Fists were again a
prominent feature In to-day's session of
the. Relchsrath. A Czech Radical. Zaz.
vcrka. started the uproar by Insisting on
making a j speech In the Czech' language.
The Acting . President, Prade. prohibited
him from speaking, whereupon Fressl. a
Czech Radical, rushed up to the presiden
tial chair, snatched the papers from the
desk and crumped them Into a ball.
A member of the German party, named
Malik, sprang upon Fressl and belabored
him. Berger, a Pan-German, joined in
the fray and showered blows upon Fressl.
Others Joined In the fighting and the noise
became terrific. .The combatants were
separated finally and the sitting of the
House was suspended.
WILLIE COOMBS, a 14-year
old boy, living with his moth
tr at 1C27 Geary street, has
proved himself a moral de.
generate. Hia years are few.
but as he goes to a place where be will
r<ot be handled with gloves, he leaves a
black record Jn a once happy home.
Four years ago the family lived in peace
and contentment. To-day, on account of
the wayward son, the parents live apart
and a mother and two sisters weep over
the recent escapades of the young ruf
fian." Mrs. Coombs has been unable to
rrr&nage the boy for some time past, but
with a mother's love, she has always" ex
cused him and tried to induce him' to do
better. On Monday .she yielded to the en
treaties of her friends, and the boy was
committed to the care of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society.
For several months Willie has been one
of a gang of half a dozen incorrigi
ble boys, who are absent from their homes
for days at a time and who hesitate at
nothing. On Sunday- last Willie and his
comrades went to Xorrls & Rowe's cir
cus, contrary to the commands of their
parents. Mrs. Coombs, learning where the
boy was. followed him. accompanied by
her daughter. The ladies caught him as
he was leaving the show with his com
panions. Mrs. Coombs grasped her son by
the arm and he struggled fiercely.
A gentleman, observing that the mother
and daughter were being overpowered,
steppe d in to assist. The comrades of
the boy. who up to this time had re
mained quiet, now took a hand in the fight
and two of them drew loaded revolvers
and presented them at the mother and
the daughter. The opportune arrival of a
: pdlceman prevented serious trouble. The
boy's friends fled, and Willie, awed by the
officer, went quietly home.
Monday at noon the boy wanted to go
to the circus. again, and when he was for
bidden to leave the house he procured a
brass faucet, wrapped it in a cloth, and
with this improvised slungshot attempted
to force his way to freedom. A fierce con
flict ensued. Wielding his slungshot with
one hand, he hurJed lamps, books and
other detachable articles at his mother
and sister with the other. The disturb
ance aroused the neighbors and several
ladies came in to see what was the mat
ter. They all took a hand and finally, by
sheer force of numbers, the enraged boy
! was eubdued.
A telephone message was sent to Mr.
j White of the California Society for the
I Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and the
| ladies tied th<» boy to the bedpost and held
I him down till the arrival of an officer.
I Yesterday Judge Fritz committed the
! youth to the Boys' and Girls' 'Aid Society.
Mr. and Mr?. Coombs quarreled for years
over the management of the hoy and a
few months ago they separated. Mr.
Cocmbs is employed by the Pacific Car-
Willie Coombs' Companions Try to Rescue Him From His
Friends by Threatening Them With Loaded Revolvers,
but an Officer Finally Subdues the Young. Ruffians
James Wallace, a painter, was arrested
near midnight yesterday morning at
Branch County Jail No. 2 and when
searched a large quantity of morphine
and several bottles of whisky were found
in his possession. It Is no secret that
opium has been supplied to prisoners at
the jail ever since It 1 as been a Jail, but
the unusually large quantities supplied
recently aroused the suspicions of Super
intendent A. J. Martin, who ordered a
close watch kept on all persons calling "to
visit friends.
About 2 o'clock yesterday morning th»
furious barking of a dog attracted tha
attention of Guard Murphy and when ho
reached the point where the doc was
yelping he discovered a man clinging to a
rope ladder, which -was fastened by nookj
to the top of the fence. The interloper
had managed with th3 assistance of ths
ladder to climb to the tcp of the fence an«J
then he pulled the ladder up and dropped!
It to the Inner side. He was descending
when the barking of the dog stopped him.
Murphy order.-d the man to drop, which
he did. He was taken to the officer**
quarters and searched, when the morphina
and whisky ¦were discovered.
"When Questioned th* man said his nama
was James Wallace and he admitted thut
he had furnished opium to prisoners on
several occasions. He always operated at
night by means of tha rope ladder. After
getting into the erounds he had no ditn
culty in throwing: the irujrs through ttl9
cell gratings to the prisoners, he said.
Wallace was taken ?c the Hall oi Jus
tice yesterday morning and booked on tha
charge of violating th« prison rules. Su
perintendent Martin intends to vigorously
prosecute him so aa to make an exampls
of! him.
James Wallace, Painter, Found at
Early Morning Clinging to
Hope Ladder at Branch.
Jail.
Guard Arrests Man Who
Tries to Smuggle Mor
phine Into Prison.
BARKING OF DOG
CAUSES CAPTURE
The introductory step in the contest of
the will of the late Hyppolyte Dutard was
taken In Judge Coffey'a court yesterdav.
Mrs. Thekla Kleinclaus, decedent's els
ter, made application at the opening at
the morning session for letters of adminis
tration upon the estates of her father an1
mother, Bernard and Joaqulna Dutard.
Hyppolyte Dutard died in April, 1900.
leaving an estate valued at $3,000,000 to h'a
widow and other heirs. Mrs. Klelnclaus
now alleges that the estate left by Hyppo
lyte Dutard was not his in fact, but wa3
held by him as a trustee. She avera that
the business from which he netted hla for
tune- was founded by Bernard Dutard,
that upon hia death in iSC5 the same was
taken charge of by Hyppolyte Dutard. who
never took out letters of administration
upon his deceased parent's estate, and
that hence he simply conducted the- busi
ness as a trustee in his own and the in
terest of other heirs of Bernard Dutard
In the present action Mrs. Klelnclaus
seeks to establish a basis "upon which to
file an action for an accounting of tho
business conducted by the deceased from
the date of the death of his father up to
the time of his own demise. Mr3. Kleln
claus is represented by Knight & Heg
gerty.
The'devlsees under the will of Hyppolyte
Dutard claim Bernard Dutard's business
was worth nothing at his death and that
the success achieved by Hyppolyte IJutar.l
was due to his individual efforts and that
hence Mrs. Klelnclaus has no valid claim
to any portion of his estate." The.devisees
are represented by Attorney Charles A
Wheeler.
Avers That the Brother's Fortune
Was Netted From Business
Founded by Tneir
Father.
Hypolite ' Dutard's Sister
Claims Decedent's Estate
Was Not His.
CLEARING WAY
FOR WILL CASE
MUTINOUS MEN
FROM NEW YORK
Arrival of "Rookies" Who
Made Things Warm
WhiU En- Route.
They Are Kept in Subjection by an
Armed Guard That Receives
Orders to Fire if Neces
sary.
Three hundred and fifty "rookies" des
tined to eerve for the next three years in
the ranks of the regular army arrived at
the Presidio late yes\erday afternoon and
were given quarters in the casual camp
pending their assignment to the new regi
ments belne organized.. The men were un
der command of Major R. T. Yeatman
and are from Fort Slocum. N. Y. They
are a particularly hard outfit, and the
Journev across the continent was replete
with attempted insurrection and mutinous
conduct. So bad was their behavior that
upon the arrival of the detachment at ban
1 Antonio. Texas, it was found necessary to
call for a detachment from Fort Sam
Houston to accompany them to the Presi
dio They arrived at Oakland about 4
d m and were Kent under guard from
there to the Presidio on a special boat.
Durine the trip across the continent
these recruits have behaved in a riotous
manner. Owing to their unruly behavior
it was found necessary to arm the men in
charge of the detachment, and orders were
Issued to shoot If the behavior of the
"rookies" was not bettered. "In some man
ner the men got a quantity of liquor and
poor, became unmanageable. At one of the
small stations in Texas a drunicen row
was started which was only quelled when
the ofScer on duty fired Into the crowd,
wounoing Recruit James Parker in .the
leg. Two other men were hurt by falling
off the train, receiving injuries that will
confine them to the general hospital for
some days. Their names are Charles Fa
vor and Edward Clark. The men also cre
ated a mw at River Station, near Los An
greles. but were subdued before any Injury
was done.
The date for the mustering out of the
Thirty-sixth Infantry' has been set for
March 16. The men will turn in their arms
to-day, and the fnrce of clerks under Colo
rel Jocelyn will immediately commence to
make out their final papers. Xo date has
yet been fixed for the mustering out of
the Eleventh Cavalry, though it is pos
sible that the men will be discharged
about the 14th inst.
The departure of the troops now occu
pying Model Camp has finally been ar
ranged. The first battalion of the Twenty,
eighth Infantry, and Company D. Tenth
Infantry, will sail on the Indiana as soon
as that' vessel is ready, for sea. and the
Meade. when repairs are completed, will
leave here carrying two squadrons of the:
Fifth Cavalry, "now en mute to this city,
and two troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry
now being- organized at the Presidio. No
transport has yet been selected for tft«
three companies of the Tenth Infantry re
maining at the reservation and the battal
ion of the same regiment ordered here to
await transportation.
Thomas Matthews, private. Company M.
Twenty-fourth Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital from dyfentery.
Orders were issued yesterdav by the
"War Department directing that the sec
ond pouadron of the Fifteenth Cavalry be
organized at the Presidio. Lieutenant E.
• B. Winan« has been assigned to tempo
i rnrv rnmrnard-
Superintender-t of School* Webster has
J>d<!ret=&e<J a circular to the Legislature In
reply to resoJutlons adopte-1 by the Board
of Education attacking Assembly, bill £5,
¦which is desipr.c-ii to increase the salaries
cf Deputy Su;>trinterj<Jents of schools
f rom. J1SC-G to |*XXJ per year. After direct
ing attention to thV well-known animosity
Of the board toward the Superintendent
•iad hie office and branding the major
portion of the subject matter' contained In
the resolutions ag a. malicious miEr^pre
ser.tRtion of facts, Webster eays in the
circular:
The 14'.'. if offered t« an timnlment ta »ec
tior.? IMS ar.d 15T.5 «>f the Political Code, under
¦rWe hthe B-jard rf Elacation Is acting, and is
in no way aa interfere nre with the charter of
.the city and county of San Kranel««. Ttw
rhartfr is absolutely silent es to what aalarica
tha'.i t# paid to deputies of the undersigned:
the charter is alto silent as to hew tr by
wbcm esad fialsr'es «h&!l be ftxetl. The 8j
rreme Cr,urt in a recent decision involving this
charter— Frapiey vs. Phelan— declares that stat
ute* »r>a««i t>y the I>e«lFlature must govern
la maitere on which the charter i» tilect.
The Baud of Education boldly declare* that
it wants to control the deputies id the under
elrnert. fir its re*o!utl<yi read* thus: "He
•olved. That we do most earnestly protest
t.u ¦ -• the paraase of these bills as depriving
the bf»rd of a control of these *eput>>r:!ps."
etc Therein Us »'.nirter motive in opposing
tfet* bill If revealM. This control the board
will h&ve bo Ion* er It has the ;. w-r to fix
*aJari<-» of "•••.••« Thu«. Jour School Direc
tor*, who are appointed by the Mayor. us> the
power riven them in present wet ton 1559 of the
Political Cflde to Interfere w.th (or •control."
ts their rrotPM reads> the Irterr.al mar.ajte
rr.^r.t of the office of the un<lerstir7i«^l. who wa*
«-!ectevj f,y the voters of San Francisco and
who doe** not depenil vj>on the charter for his
rfflre or hi* election, but is elected by virtue
r.f aecticn 3 of article lx trf the OoostltsUoo.
ar.d who Is thei»b»- ma<?«> the heaii of the l*tate
school system In his oour.ty.
The rtaiement that th* charter confers tyz.
i*ie r*T«r<l the risht to re^j'.ate the falarlet of
r*puTy Superintendent* 1? an unmitigated
falsehood. Chapter 1 ar»!c1e vH permits the
t>o«r£ to fix the cowr*n?«ti^n of only th*"*?^ r*r
kw» Khrni th«"y rr..r'- r y Th<= rVputy Pup'rln
•?er.(5et!t» are not »rr^!"-t^ "">»" *• rr.pl eyed by
thern r.or *ub5ert t* their orders. They are ap
pointed by the Fur*rir.teri<J»>r.t ar.-1 are eubjeel
to hl» frSer* alone isee Charter, article ril
ohar'.er *. e^ctinn :. arA artlel* xvt sectic-n 30).
Declares It Has Sinister Mo
tiv«s in Opposing As
sembly Bill.
Claims That as Charter Is Silent
es to Salaries of Depu
ties, State Statutes
Govern.
WEBSTER REPLIES
TO SCHOOL BOARD
DEGENERATE BOY MAKES ATTACK
ON RELATIVES WITH A SLUNGSHOT
THE $AX FRANCISCO OALL'j WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1901.
THE BOY WHO FOUGHT HIS MOTHER AND SISTER OX THE STREET
AND SUBSEQUENTLY ATTACKED THEM AT THE HOUSE WITH A
. SLUNGSHOT MADE BY HIMSELF.
MADRID. March r-.-Senor Sagasta. the
Liberal leader, has accepted the. task of
forming a new Cabinet. He expects to
present to the Queen Regrent to-morrow
a list of the memttrs. •, He offered the
portfolio of finance to Senor Caneljas, but
the latter declined tt. Sagasta Is consult
ing the leaders of the Liberal party
SAGASTA WILL FORM
SPAIN'S NEW CABINET
Freight Trains in Collision.
ROSEBURG, Or., March 5.— Two South
ern Pacific -extra freights had a rear-end
collision at Riddles this morning. En
gineer Rocky WUHs of Albany was seri
ously injured. Several freight cars were
telescoped and the engine was badly dam
aged. The accident was due to a heavy
fog.
DESTROYS JTTRT SLIPS.— Upon the order
of Presiding Juds* Dunne the old slip* bear
ing the names of trial Jurors summoned to sit
In cases during the last year were destroyed
by Chief Deputy County Clerk Joseph Oo*
<Jard yesterday. The new slips, bearlnir the
names of J600 talesmen, an Increase of 1209
over past years, were then placed In th«
Jury box. and after a venire for Judte Hunt"*
department was drawn the box was sealed and
deposited In the County Clerk's offlca.
c
9
IN TENNESSEE
People Know Something' About Coffee.
A little woman In Rita. Tcnn.. ran u?
•Trrtm 130 pounds to 133 pounds in a few
months by leaving off coffee and taking
Dp Pottum Food Coffee. She had been
Fif-k fr>r a Ion- time; subject to headach«s
rnd a eer.eral nervous condition, with
stomach trouble, caused by coffee drink-
frifr. and «rh»n she left It off end took on
Postuni Food Coffee *he made the change
ihat cured her and fattened her quickly.
£he says: "I can now do as much work
In s day as I want to. have no more hcad-
crhes and feel like a new person.
"Pecpie comment on how well I look
rnd want to know what I am doing 1 - I al-
v-ays cay. "Drinkine Posfurn Food Coffee/
"My husband has been cured of rheuma-
tism by leaving off coffee and usinp Pos-
tum.- an<J hSs mother, who was always
Troubled «ftcr drinking coffee, has aban-
doned It altogether and now uses Postura
three times a day. She sleeps sound, and
r saj-s *he never expecte to taste coffee any
rrore.'" Mrs. L. M. Edmondson, Rita,
Teen.
.» sjy... rt BI 2 O ta a non-pctacnooa
w^y?JgSaBMgag*/j r^nird* for Gonorrhoea.
Oleet, Sptra»|i>iiba»,
JWSSyi, i^it.n \S Whit*', unnatural dli-
£§537 Cair»nte«<i a cr ftnT infijoaia-
E3»3 b«i u «trutar». tion. < riiAtioQ ur n!cer»-
&^n.'n>nu uiufiM. tion f mueoai mem*
Sol€l ** »t««tuu,
r a. a Tw/"or icat In plila wr»pro.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DIED.
DONEOAK- In this city. March «. 1901, Mary
Donegan, be!oved wife of the late J. -J.-
Donegan, mother of Margaret. John, Jerome,
Mary and Catherine Donecan, a -native of
Ireland, aged H years. ¦ ¦ - '¦'¦
I One Thousand Physicians Testify that
£ Is the Best Natural Laxative Water Known to Medical Science.
5 . T>r. "William A.lHatunioad, Xew York,;
X Professor of Diseases of the Mind and Nervous System in the University of the City of
2 Xew York, writes: "The Hnujradl Janoi W»teris, sscordlns to my experience, the. "
V most pleasant and efficient of all purgatlTe mineral waters, and I have no hesitatiop la
T recommending it to the Medical Profession." ' ' • • ' \ ' '
I For Constipation, -Torpid Liver and Obesity.
6 . No Medicine In the World Compares with ••HUNYADUJANOS."
A T Artlr AT THE LABEL on Bottle, : I >«l _ lfl Tor The Full Xnme.
T JfcJUOli Blue with Red Ceaire Panel. \ VftU "UaDyadl-JAXOS."
POSTUM CEEEAL.
Codfish, Tw^
an onion*
a fritter JP
1 can be fried \J
e successively in IO\ JJ
WESSON Jp^
odorless| b.
OIL ?t\\/
g9 and one will not par- \ W
H degree c i the rlavcr 1 I
|;| cf the other. It can / H\ v' t|
1 ing work. Ask your B laTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OIAKCH 6; J9O1.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
XrCEIJCESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nicht In the year.
0 BRANCH OFFICES -S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; cr*n until *:S9 p. m.
S00 Hayes etreet; open until »:X0 ji. in.
*33 McAllister street; open antU >:39*p. m.
f!5 Larkln Etreet; open until »:30 p. ro,
5941 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
2161 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street : open until 9 p. m.
1D?« Valencia street; op«i until J p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
<Tjrky yrrwts: open until 9 p. m.
jicmnc >otices.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. antl S. _
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, March o. at f o'clock, for lH X
irot-in^ s and degrees. I?y ord»r of the ' ~^ '
rT. I. M. FRANKLIN EX. DAY. Recorder.
il'U'XT UOKIAH Ladre No. 44, F. •
and A. M. -Stated meeting THIS »»\»
i WEDNESDAY* EVENING, at 7 :30 7_K
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. / >•
CROCKETT Lndee No. 12S. F. and A. M. *
— Sutrd noetins:. D. Sd; * p. m. J_,
eharp. By order of t.'-.e AV. M. TEJ«£
H. R»RTRIEDE_6«n___________
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. K6, F. and A. _
M.— Stated meotins THIS (WEDNES- Jf_,
DAY) EVENING. March 6; at 7 :S? TCif
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH. Sec. /~^
MEMBERS of Occidental Lodgre
No 17? I O O F.. rleas'" attend
i-efular metting. March 7. 1901. -=Sa»S~
«. business cf Importance will be //IIIXN
before the lodge. L. PCHUTTE. P. G.
XVaXHOE Loif* No. E. K. of P.. will s~
confer the Knls** Rank (LonR- «^ jQ
Form) AVEPNESDAY. March 6. 1901. CjfsK*
at Pythian Castle. 9^'j Market et., -4_>CJ
«t *.33- p. m. Men:t>er« of sister lodges cor-
<"!»::> invited. F. E. SHARON, C. C.
P. XOROROFP. K. cf It. and S.
THE regular quarterly neetl'^B cf the v £.
Auftrian Benevolent Society will be K*SiC_
held al their hall. 113 Sutter st.. ojsIIt*?
W EPNEPDAV BVEKIXQ, March 6. £«_£>
at 7:3ft o'clock sharp. Business of lm- *«*"^
p"!T»rce. Fin«>s for non-attendance will be
Mriotly imposed. Hy order of
M. 6CAICATICB. Pn=e!'3ent.
TE AVITT AV. TOLL. KeconSinir Secretary.
jTTTtKU MARINERS' BENEVO- -^.^^
li:nt association— The regular •..•^ i p=»
m<^tirjr will be IWd at hall. 320 Pc»t A J£->
Ft.. THURSDAY. March 7. at 7:30 '
p. ra. All members tre requested to be pres-
ent. Husiness of great imi>ortance will come
befrre* the mrftins:.
L. TKAUXG. Recording Secretary.
SfOTICE— M. E. B. A. No. 53 ples.se meet at
P a. m. at rea.llng-ro.-ims. AVEDXESDAY,
March «, to attend funeral of late brother
J. M. RYAN. J. R. FLOL'D, President.
AYM. WAP.IS. Secretary. \
AT a meeting of the Kippers' and Ptevefloref
Union Association held Monday evening. Fe9-
mary 4. the aotfon taker, by the sand team-
Fters t-.-.. -i-- the c>nt.r«ctorp was unanimously
Indorse! and a donation cf JiOO voted to aid
Thprn if needed.
AGCXTS WASTED.
THE RIO' MICHOL RUBBER COMPANY Of
T-an Francisco, Cal., wants intelligent men tj
act as Ita acer.ts throughout the United
State?; must be men of character, address A
pu!"h. Tlie company owns larse properties, is
out of debt & in a thoroughly s-und & flour-
ish :r.g condition. It has a considerable acre-
eg° alieady planted to rubber & has a large
*crcf of men constantly at work. It offers for
rsle a -imited nuir.ber of Interest bearing and
installment certificates. A comparatively
f=n-a:i nriifrjnt invested now will produce large
and Fteadily Increasing Income In near future.
Tfc? oorporation Invite? clcs'ft investigation.
Agents and interested persons apply Rio Mi-
<-ho! Rubber Co.. r. C3-GS. Crocker bids:.. S. F.
SOLICITORS for "A—:" article; J3 to J4 day
easy. ll^T Dolores st.. between 7 and 8 p. rn.
BOLJCITORS wanted: good pay; i«ermanent.
APP : >" 1* *' 1. room SI?. Parrott building.
AA"ANTLI>— Ager.ts In each city; good money.
Pac:fi? Coast M. ft L. Co.. 4«0 9th, Oakland.
•.ntltUUVa AT _V\V.
APA'ICE tree; divorce lam- a specialty; pri\-ate;
r.o fe» without success; collections. O. W.
HCAA'E. otty at law. S«y Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKKlGHT. collections: damages: es-
tates; mlnine: open even. 5S2 Parrctt bldg.
FRAXK AA'. SMITH, mir.lng and probate law a
sr-fjalty. Mills big., r. 2. 4th fir.; tPl.Red SC16.
ADVICE free: no charge unlf-^s successful. -AA".
. \V. DAVIDSON. S2T Market rt., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAP.K. Emma Spreckel* bide.. 8?7 Mar-
Set st. ; consultation free: no foes in advance.
A wmKS new-F lor .'. cent*— The AVeekly Call,
16 races, in wrapper, for mailing. {1 per year.
ASPHALTLM HOOKING.
J. PTCLTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11M> M'.J^ion: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTIIOL.OGV.
FORTUNE by planets or palmistry; also ladles'
and cents' pewing. KXT'i Market, nr. Sixth.
liltlKUIX; KOIl CIIXLDItU.Y.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the
care of ohild 2 to 4 y*-ars, long or short
I*riod; terms moderate: Cne home and Eunny
lard; object, companion for our own child
t% y-ars. Box 014. «'all office.
DlM.M^s CUAXCES.
A.-C12O0- BESTACBAKT and chophouse; Tent
150; l'lace estah. years; dally receipts JJO;
trial given; a good business und best loca-
tion. Call K. G. AAILKE. KM: Kearny Bt.
A— rr.'«O: SALOON, clearing CSSt per month:
rent $10; established many years; only day
business; location best in this city. Call K.
G. V.'ILKE. 264 Kearny Ft.
A — t"'jd: CORNER rroeerv and bar. northern
pait of city; death of owner cause of sale; a
BoM business for man and wife. Call R. G.
AV1LKE, iC'j Kearny Ft.
A.— ?1C.O; CORNER Faloon. location Third and
Mission ets. ; rent tZO: lease: corner can't be
b^at: about J1W"> stock on hand; owner must
have oi*ration jierformed. otly cause of sale.
R. G. AVILKE, 264 Kearny et.
A— fll-C; SALOON close to Montgomery et.:
V'ac-e established 10 years; clearing at least
TI50 per irenth; 3 furnished rooms Included;
rent $35. Call R. G. WILKE. S64 Kearny.
A— H'O; PORK and delicacy store; rent $!2 50:
frood-payinu buelness; very best location;
owner to leave city. Call R. G. AVILKE,
16H Kearny Et.
A— $:2j0; CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
up and doing- a rushing business: located
rloff to Powell and Market sts. Call It. G.
AVILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A— $l£50; CORNER, grocery and bar; choicest
part AVestern Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
good paying business: rent $IJ- Inquire K.
G. V.'ILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— tsso; CORKER butcher shop In northern
part of city; rent Ki; horse, cart; selling. 4
cattle and about 1- sheep per Week; a cash
custom. Call R. G. AA'ILKE. 26«£ Kearny et.
i:,M— BOAItPTNG house nnd saloon; center of
factory <iistrict; good lunch and bar trade;
clears $lf=0 tno. ; suitable for ma.u ami v.if^:
Rood I argaln. frOC Market St.. room S.
IllfO— SALOON: "leeant fixtures; cheap feni; 1
block fniin Palace Hotel; worth Ii r *S; tvlil
ttkf part <.-8Kh. 506 Market «t.. room K
J700— GROCERY and bar near city: bargain.
Mclaughlin* a. CO.. ~"»± Market st.
$200— I'.ESTAURANT north of Market et.; bar-
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'i Market Kt.
.AN unprecedented sacrifice;. 75-room brick lio-
tc\ and fwrniture; doing Immense flrst-cla«
4f2 a day) business; cost and worth {^0,000;
offered for J1C.M0; has rented Tor ?4to; no*
run by owr.
TJ D. SICK ELS., the Land Acent. C Geary «t
AN offer — Orocery and bar: 4 years' lease;
f!S per month; »T3 to J05 cash sales per day;
tht owner leavlrx the city; call and lnveMl-
gate. Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st.
FOR sale cheep: paying restaurant: price $300
rent I1J; tlie owner b.a# oth^r business: must
fell. AdJres* li AVashington St., or call be.
t»-ewi Jl and 1 o'clock daily.
15W— TEMPERANCE grocery, with es.tabllshe<
butter enrt eeK* trade; rood locality: deatl
rauw of nal«>: r*-nt HO. Address F. J. A., OU
br«!:<!i. roo Hayes st.
RCSTAURANT sr.d coffee saloon for salt
rttcap. Apply CT Clay «., near Kearny; goot
locstion; i«it fS-"..
WOOD, coal, hay and grain yard, shed, horse
wavr- n. ;•?<•.; *old on account cf «lr.knc«?. Ay
t>lr-ZlU Twenty-fourth rt.
SALOON lor «al»-.- rnijxn'ite ferry. Apply II
Ea«t Ft., north of Market, thi* weok. ; ,
WANTElv- -Partner flret-clats cor. saloon. In
jjuirf- rigar store. Si" Fifth ft.
FOR nialp— A 3-^halr barber shop. Address H
JACKSON. Ukiah. CaJ. *
$i:r.-i:ESTAVRANT. with I furnished rooms
rent JU. ST.8 Howard rt.
WANTED— An e-xperiencwj partner for tailorin
business. Box £IJS, Oil.
FOR salp — Harbor shop: good toTrn;\Alamed:
Co.: barp-aln. A;iply KS Chester Bt,, Oakland
COFFEE- saloon for «ue, cheap. Apply 133
Turk St.. near Klllmore. .
f Z,\> established shoe shop for nale; ¦ jwne
leaving the city. Bex 2065. Call: of Dee.
FIHRT-CLASS taloon Sot sale: centrally la
catcd. Apply box 209J, Call -office.-— >.""•-.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -COXTIXCKD.
J300 CASH— A complete newspaper plant, suit-
able for a. country paper. A bargain. ¦ Write
for particulars to H. H. FARNHAM, Mor-
gan Hill. Cal. -
AA— $400: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
"Waiting-room. 23d ave. station. E. Oakland.
OUTSIDE route en this paper. for sale. Apply
Call Buslnes* office.
LARGE ouUide route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call business office.
FOR sale— A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from 5100 to $la0 per
wtek; no ether laundry within DO miles. Box
1645. Call office. .
GOOD paring, old-established lumber buainess:
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR SALE — A good paying restaurant on the
city front; a good chance for man and ¦wife
or a cook. Address Box 2034 Call office.
A-S200: PARTNER wanted: light business ;
must be satisfied with $18 to $25 a week: no
experience required. 25 Geary st., room 1.
FOR BALE— Cigar stand with living room.
104 Montgomery ave.
GROCERY stock, fixtures. 4 furnished rooms,
portable oven, eacrlflced. Turk and Pierce sts.
FOR Ea!e— Cigar store. 333 Third st.
FAMILY grocery and liquor store for sale at
1 nvoice. Box 2097 Call office. '-
ELECTRIC business for sale; long established;
good line of trade; parties going north. Box
2049, Call office^ .
$3T0— BAKERY and notions: estab. 14 years;
rent $12: no agents: must sell. Corner Twelfth
and Center ets.. Oakland. Cal.
$3;5— SALOON and 1 bedroom; bargain. 040
Commercial ft., second door from Kearny.
STOCK and fixtures of candy and stationery
store for sale cheap: no agents. 205 Polk st.
J3t« AVINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 9!1 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt.
I.ODGING-HOUSE5 FOR SALB.
FISHER *: CO.. 1032 Market st.; telephone ISM.
4S rooms. N. of Market: only $1600
15 rooms. Hyde, very finely furnished.... 600
yi roomF, rent $j0. location desirable 90>
18 rooms, a Funny corner, rent $72 50 900
9-room flat, new furniture, must sell.... 500
If a hargain we have them at any price
north or south of Market street.
A— 20 LIGHT sunny rooms, neat and clean;
family apartment house; big money maker;
et«-ady roomers: good beds, carpets and fur-
niture: rent onlv $5": price $900. part cash;
desirable location. FISHER A- CO., 1032 Mkt.
16 ROOMS nicely furnished; all light; north of
j Market; only $600. FISHER & CO.
I MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St.. near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1S03.
I 14 rooms, bonton, finely furnished JSOO
8 rooms. JlCCO. $600. $400, I3M. $375 and.... 2*0
10 rooms. $550. $450, $«30, $350. $300, up to. 850
CO rooms, rent $1*5. hair mattresses, run-
nlcg water In each room: fine business. SMO
46 rms.. N. Mkt.. central, full, a mint 1S00
I have a long list; all sizes; several city
hotels; investigation solicited.
A — 22-ROOM house on principal street:
Income $90; rent $35: housekeeping;
no work; must be sold on account
of stcknfss. Price $300. spot cash
M. CRIFFIN. 719 Market ft., npar Call bldg.
EF.E OUR LIST OF 2t» HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all eizes and prices:
fZOOO— Part cash for centrally located, newlv
papered, painted and thoroughly renovated and
refurnished house of 33 rooms; has been twice
sold for ?5000.
J7S0— ?0 rooms: all cne floor; Geary at.; clean.
$l f| 0: only $250 cash required.
$200 cash for 11-room house; nicely furnished;
I goo'l location; balance payment?.
jCOC— For 22-room house on principal etreet;
i clears V>a: sacrificed for quick sale.
I A"acant houses furnished
We furnish the money— vou pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SDO Market.
WINSTON & AA'OLF. 1025 Market et.
I IS rooms: rent $40; clean house $..3
j IS rooms; rrnt $37 50; yard 123.J
J */. rooms; cheap .at 18*>
K rooms: rent $7i: make offer 700
LODGING-HOUSES— Sires and prices to suit
all buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned
buvers; before buying call.
G. AV. SCHWEINHARD.
Phcne Mint 1911. 917 Market st.. bet. 5th & Cth.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses;
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE.- 2S
[ Sixth st.
' j*Eo— PARTLY furnished 14-room house on
! good corner: large, sunny bay-window rooms:
all full; must sell this week. Box 2104, Call
office.
S700 — Private rooming house. 11 rooms. In house-
keeping suites; no trouble; low. rent: fine
location: north of Market. Box 2119. CalL
f a FN'AP-9 rooms: oak furniture: 1 block from
MarVpt Ft. ; must be told. Apply on premises,
1CS Taylor Ft.
j-j soo— r.2 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rf-nted: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
! LOnGING-HOU.SE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
! 440 Third" st. >
$$C0— MODERN house. IS rooms, good furniture:
always full; rent $44: bargain. KU Folsom »t.
|
; • SPIRITUALIS3I.
j MMeT^RXDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
: and future, cures dl^eses by sympathy; never
fr.iis; has the seven f> alf>, the greatest* Egyp-
tian ferret of the wo; id: fhows picture of fu-
ture husband or wlfj; glvrs lucky numbers;
advice ir. all speculation. love and legal af-
fairs: any one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she Is no sham: prices 25c and
up; come and you will be surprised: gives
Batisf action every «>n»»; cp. Sundays. ZtiiM Cth.
ARRIA'ED— The celebrated gypsy. Prince Les-
ter, whose free te«t«. railing your name, the
name of the on» you love and the name of
the one you will marry, for a short time;
I the only medium In th* world »o sure of his
occult power that ne will give every person
who crime* prepared a wonderful free test.
Call or write with stamps for answers, 1382
Market «t.. opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tiance. business
! medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: slt-
I tines. $1. 11S4 O'Farr«-ll. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
I ATTEND Mme. Marquise's t««f>t circle to-night
| at 8: 10c: sittings daily. 5 Hyde st.
' MRP. LOUISE S. DREAW . Psychic. Electric
I anl Magnetic Healer P.oom 14. 305 Larkln st.
j GRAND developing and test circle to-night at
! SIS Jones st. by Mr. Swan; admission 2Jc.
EARLE. 3nr.-Tayloi — Last seance Sunday night,
Pythian Hall. 909 Market st.
EARLE, 205 Taylor St.. corner Ellls-Slttlngs
; dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
I MRS. WEST. Wonderful medium and healpr;
• I readings daliv. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
L|' FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAlll-t»r-Mrs. C. J.
Mryer: slttlr.i« dally: tpft« to all tn-nIcht;10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
• MME. M. BERNARD. -
THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and business medium. permane*nt-
' ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner building.
Bhe reads your life correctly; gives an accurate
; I description of the past, reveals the present hap-
' I penlncs and portrays events to. occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
• happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic.
'. love or business troubles, consult this great
r medium and you Trill be told how to overcome
' them. Valuable advice In all affair* of life;
20c' up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed."
• LINCOLN— CLAIRVOYANT ""
AND HIGH PSYCHISr.
He te'ls Tour name, conditions, desires, hopes,
' I without asking a rtntrle question; cur*-*
. I disease without medicine; shows you how to
j I avoid bad luck and how to make yourself lucky;
>i ! reunites the separated: makes harmony In yom
1 home; rIv«»b accurate advice en all business af-
fairs, investments, mining, oil, etc. ; readings
- by mall; s*nd stamp for terms. 12J Turk st.
1 MRS. E. SANDERS. tl<f< <Juak»r medium anO
palmist, teaches mlr.d vibration, the greatest
', wealth.'-reunttes lovers and brtnRs home ab-
fr-nt husbands, sons or daughters; 15 years'
*>\i>»rienc*. H04 Market Ft., room 28.
1 II US. DR. F. CLARK, the" well-known trance
i medium,. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Oolden Gate ave. rooms 2."
and H; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: rend etamp for pani.
~ ' phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. POP.TER. wonderful clairvoyant & care!
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
: diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies £0c,
cents 11: palm, nnd clalr. git tl£0. 126 Turk,
P MMH. FCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
_ j sittings dally. 44Si; Jessie St.. bet. Eth & Cth.
a. 1 1 MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
'• teller, has removed to 222 Eddy it.
W MME. LAROSE. best, clairvoyant, card reader
test medium: 23c up. '472 Stevenson st, cor tth
•r CLAIP.VOTAKT, mineral psychometrist, palm
1st and card reading, 2jc. 12414 Market at
>• MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. wett:
reader. II Cth: German epoken; teLHowarSl&i*
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
Ths world's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs, of
life; he advises vou whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.:
Professor Johns Is beyond . the shadow of a
doubt the moi»t eclentlflc practicing palmist
•and clairvoyant In the world to-day.
There is no' home bo dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet or modern
times; all long-standing and chronic diseaseb
that have baffled the physician's skill cur?d
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated. Fettles lovers' quarrels. causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits:
drunkenness cured without - the patient's
knowledge; tells if your loved one is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for in life Is pointed out: he enables you to
overcome your enemies: no matter what your
trouble Is, he can and will help you or
charge you nothing for his cervices.
N. B.— Palmistry taught: medlumistle per-
sons developed. 26Vi Kearny et., near Market.
Readings by mall. ¦ . ;
If you cannot cali, write. Give date of birth,
state > whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions: incloee $1." 9 a. ra. to I p. m.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Mnrket, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reaflVr and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. -
CARPET HEATING. AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama at; 'tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Se per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating , nnd Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.f_J02 Sutter Et. :
tel. M.aln 394. GEO. AVALCOjir Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, '333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. :
OIHROl'ODISTS. ,. .
CORNS bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION" OFFICES.'
GEORGE AV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
ALBA Dentists, 21 Powell street, room 32.
Painless extraction. 25c; silver fillings,. 23c;
gold and platinum filling, $1; gold crowns, $3;
porcelain crowns, $4; bridges, per tooth. $4;
set teeth, mounted on rubber. $6 50; we huvc
no ups; fcr these prices we guarantee to use
the best material money can buy; we give
you a written guarantee to refund your
money any time you are not satisfied; elevator.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have vour extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up> plates, extractions free. »4 50 up; of-
fice bouts. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. AV. THATCHER. M. D ; . Manager.
EIGHT prizes for bent crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and • guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK. 23 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
•warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
Me; plates, $5. full s«t: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LTJDLVM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extractlnj when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 369
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
! DR.R.L.WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pa in-
j less extraction '0c;plates to up;phone Polk 1135.
! DR. IL O. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
I days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
j SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
| YOUNG. 1341 Polk »t. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCOilDEON pleatinp; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Po.«tt over O'Connor & Moffatu
EUPCATIOXA.L.
! AYRES' Business Colloge, 723 Market St.— Day
i and evening; SS per month; $30 life scholarship
I guarantees a complete business education, in-
! eluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; positions se-
j cured for graduates; catalogue.
AVANTED— An office boy to work 2 hours daily
in exchange tuition. Ayres' Business College.
KVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL^
LEGE. 1236 Market St.: lndivlduh.1 Instruction
: in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil sorviee coaching: tuition J5 month.
A FULL course in Ellis bookkeeping and the
' Gregg shorthand cost* only $60. San Fran-
j cHco Buslne»3 Collese, 1236 Market st.
j GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
I Shr.rthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
j Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher ol
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
i tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
' IIKALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and minhi£ engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an- accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. . Pnelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract ant!
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln St.
ENGINEERING, civil, Hec.. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. ; est. 1S64
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: buslnes;
.college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; ehori
time. TARR. exp. aoct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. .40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue
PROF. MERKI. from Paris; violin,: mandolin
guitar; experienced. 1003 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high sc-hool mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods, successful. 3040 16th
ILLUSTRATION-PA UTINGXON'S DAY anc
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMl'LOl'ME-liT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House,
cleaning Co., best- help: send men at shon
• notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391
' A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Best
help furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376
JAPANESE and Chinese help of- all kinds
cooks, waiters and house servants." GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Pott Bt.; tel. Bush .135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & rmploy-
! ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tcl.yEast 203
! JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment office-
Best help. 626 O'Farrell st.jtel. Hyde 2191.
: KKLIABLK Japanese-Chinese employment of
' flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183
' j ORPIIEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi
¦ nese help. 42C Powell, nr.Sutter; teL Black 5072
' CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce-
_ j Bent help. 41H4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
» EMPLOYMENT. WASTED-— FEMALE
r A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; Instl
tution or boardlne-honst; best city references
' MISS CULLEN. 32.-) .Sutler Bt. ,
: j A COMPETENT woman, with a"chlld, desire
*| situation: good cook and houseworker; refer
J enc*p. MISS CULLEN. S25 Sutter St. '
• A HEFINED young lady wants a position a
lady'a companion or governess; references
MlSSCULLEN, 325 t-utter.st. i .
' MIDDLE-AGKU woman with a girl of 12 year
Z i wishes a position; is n good pjain-cook; or a
5 a working housekeeper; city or country
I Box 2017; Call office. . ;
.' RELIABLE woman wishes work by the > da
r to wash. Iron or clean; references if necessar>
i Call aj 178 Seventh at., between Natoma an.
• Howard. " .
• NEAT American woman, elderly, desire pos)
T tion: is economical cook; likes children: 1
• capable of doing entire work of small family
1 wages $13 month. 230 Tehama St.- v
A MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes plac
for housekeeping In email family; no wash
', Ing; city or country. Box 2043,' Call office.;
- RELIABLE German- woman wishes position
i- . good laundress; general housework. 'Bo
:. 2113. Call office. ¦ '
r A YOUNG girl wishes situation" as waitress
I. Call at 123 Third st.
EMPLOY31EXT WAXTEIWPEMaIE.
RELIABLE young woman wants work by the
, day-, washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and
carfare. 162 Jessie st.. .
WANTED— Dressmaking in families; $1 50 per
¦ day; good, quick workea 2509 Mission,' rear.
YOUNG woman- wishes situation -to do house-
work and cooking. 1231 Market Et.. .
NEAT girl ''would like position taking care of
children. Apply 22syfe Hickory ave. ' - :
EXPERIENCED children's nurse wants posl-
, tlon; good references. Apply 323 Golden Gate.
COMPETENT woman to do house cleaning by
the day; SI per day; carfare. 202O Folsom St.,
between Sixteenth "and Seventeenth.
WINCHESTEH House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
.;. k-t— 200 rooms; I5c to $160 night. $160 to $t
week; convenient and respectable; free 'buf
»nd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
\'_ EMPLOYMENT --.W^^'° 1 P^-^_*^V nc
MARRIED man wishes a position as mana-
ger of a boarding or lodging house or Jani-
tor «ln a first-class building or bank. Call
at 52S Eleventh at., Oakland, between 6 and
6 p. m. .. ¦
COACHMAN— Position wanted by competent,
reliable young Englishman; understands gar-
dening; can milk, etc.; references. Address
box 2117. Call office. ¦
MACHINIST. lathe • or bench hand, wishes
work; young man of steady, temperate habits.
Address box 2111, Call office.
AN elderly man wishes employment; office,
.store, collect, run elevator, salesman, useful
, In any business; good references; wages no
; object. Box 2101. Call office. ;
WANTED— By young man. position as dynamo
tender; 10 years' experience; moderate salary.
Address II., 615 Larkln st. . ' . . •
SITUATION wanted by young Scotchman aa
valet, attendant or butler; willing to travel;
good packer; total abstainer; references.
; MUN'RO, 102ii Guerrero st.
, GOOD barber wants steady afternoon Job, all
day Saturday ajid Sunday morning. Address,.
stating wages, Barber, box 2100, Call. »
! POSITION In wholesale house, office or stock,
by man 38 years old. steady and speaks
'.Spanish; well acquainted In Mexico and Cen-
• . tral America. Address box 2096. Call.
• YOUNG man and wife wish to take full charge
of vineyard: wife is good cook and house-
keeper, if wanted: best refs.. letters. ' R. G.,
¦ 2CSA Shipley st., between Fifth and Sixth.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position out-
'¦ side of city tor State: references, etc.. fur-
nlshed. ERWlN. 667 Bush St., city. ¦
¦ YOUNG man. 23, German 1 , of good family, de-
sires a position of any kind; has good habits.
' sober and steady; good references from the
: U. S. Army and U. S. transport service. Box
j 2025. Call. i __^
I STATIONARY engineer and machinist, strictly
i - Eober and Industrious, capable of making all
repairs, 20 years* experience, wants steady
position; city or country. Address box
2098. Call.
, RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position,
i private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses; best of references; object, good home;
¦ city or country. Address box 2024. Call.
'¦ COMPETENT bookkeeper wants care of books
of some small business; all time not being
required; salary moderate; references fur-
nished. Box 2035. Call office.
FAITHFUL young Japanese wants position to
do housework. KOMA. 18 Natoma st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Cal| advertisements and
1 rubscrlptions has been "established at 10W
A r Bl«»ncla Bt.
FEATHKK PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
; by the latest sanitary process may address
] , FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
riiATS TO LICT.
¦ A — NEAV upper sunny modern flat. 5 rooms
and bath. 975 Golden Gate ave., opposite
Jefferson Square.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. ,
' $S: SUNNY flat of 3 rooms; 131S Jessie st.. oft
Hermann, near /Valencia. Apply UMBSEN
& CO. . V
FURNISHED flat, three rooms and bath;
adults; reasonable. 36 Stanley place, near
• Harrison st. '
BOWIE ave., 5, oil I Eleventh St.— A flat of 3
f rooms; bay-window; cheap rent to small fam. I
FOR safe— 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
' a nice home. 101S Ellis St. . ¦
. POST. 1714, near Buchanan— Modern sunny flat
• of 4 rooms and bath; $15.
! THREE-ROOM flat, corner McAllister and Polk
; sts. Inquire butcher shop.
" TO let— Upper flat; 7 rooms; rent $25. 701
O'Farrell st.
'. UPPER part of house to let; rent cheap. !>15
: Post st.
' VALENCIA, 223-^A sunny flat partly furnished;
| light and airy; bath, gas; reasonable.
125A PAGE st.; flat of 4 rooms; 134. Rose St..
3 rooms: bet. Gough and Octavia. _
FLATS TO LEI' — KUK.VISH2CU.
. TO Let — Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
AVestern Addition; ront reasonable to rlsht
I parties. Particulars at Bee Hive Shoe Co.,
• 717 Market St.
; ' FUKMTDKE FUK SALE. '
" 4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50, with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
: ' rUUNlTDItE WASTED.
I Auctioneer— L.Vlncent,1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought; spot cash.
TO receive "highest value for furniture, carpets,
! etc., see AV. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
1 CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
• pianos, etc. 113S Market St.: tel Jessie 76L .
• A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red . 1334.
.' HELP WANTED — KE.UALe! >
t AT C. R. HANSEN & Co!— PlibNE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT,
t more waitresses, Los Angeles, $25, free fare;
1 2 waitresses, springs, $20; 2 waitresses, first-
class country hotel, $22 50, fare paid; 1 wait-
ress. Institution. $25, found and washing; 15
waitresses, all over the State. $20 and $25: 10
• waitresses, city, ?20 and $25; cook, country
hotel, short distance, $30; chambermaid, city,
$20; waitress. Palo Alto, freeware and free
'. fee, ?5 a week.
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Any girl or woman wanting work In a private
family, at wages from $10 to $30, can get It uy
" calling on us; we have places coming In dally
1 for experienced help,, and others to learn.
C. : R. IIANSKN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHOCOLATE dipper:' J6 week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
- MAN and wife as choreman and waitress In
t hotel.; city; $35. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104
. I Geary st. . ¦
t "MUS. Jf. E. DAY & CO. ..'.Phone Main 1575"
1 HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;.
• ' AValtresKes. for AVoodland. see party here,
" fare paid; Napa, Holllster, see party here,
fare paid; Lob Gatos, MauVra, fare paid; Sa-
linas, fare paid; Martinez, Menlo Park, Red-
wood City, ..Atlll Valley and city, $20 and
$22 00; 4. chambermaids to wait. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Special inducements to first-class cooks and
houseglrls; call and ¦ Investigate. MK3. M.
1 B. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
FOR laundry, city, ironer. $1 25 per day; 2
girls to learn. $4 per week; neat girl, plain
cook, for family of 3 adults, nice room for
girl, an excellent place, centrally located, $20.
- CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third Bt. •
:. WANTED— 3 salesladies for untrlmmed-mlllln-
- fry. with city experlrnce. Apply manager
millinery dept.. EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR. ¦
. WANTED— Millinery makers with city experi-
ence. "Apply manager millinery dept.*, EM-
POHIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
'• AVANTED— Intelligent lady assistant without
lncurabrance; one that has some : knowledge
" • of palmistry- ; or. that 'will learn.. Address
'-- r I>ROFESSOR ' A. EMERSON. Vallejo, Cal.
APPRENTICE girl on custom . coats; paid
" ; while learning. 8 Geary court, near 1 Leaven-
. worth. .
I EXPERIENCED operator on children'* wear;
- electric power. S.- ROSENTIIAL & CO., S37
_! ¦ Market et. ¦¦ . . . %
'• WANTED— Girl to a?nlst In housework . and
cooking. Apply between 0 and 12 a. m., 2211
" Suttor et. . . . •
'¦ AVANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
« /down stairs work; German or, Scandinavian
..preferred. 1824 Pacific ave., from 9 to 12.;
• WANTED— A few experienced operators and. a
>° limited ' number for Instruction. Standard
"' Shirt Factory.- Gough - and Grove .sts. .¦._¦;• *
- FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 83 Stevenson
e . ¦ street./
¦" FIRST-CLASS tailoresa" on fine custom coats;
- steady work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
X *•-'. ¦ ' ¦ ' ' ' ' ' ' " ; ' ¦ ,
WOMAN to work In 'laundry.'/, '438 Green st. ;
5. WANTED— A young i girl for , housework. 710
> Hyde st. -
; . HELP WANTEIV-PEMALB.
GOOD plain cook who can carve; also noon
waitress; call early. 511-513 Brannan St., near
- Fourth. -.-,¦--- •
ACTIVE persons to assist with housework; light
washing; small American family; no children;
good home; $12. 614 Eddy st. \
WANTED— A nurse* to take . care of a child
8 years old.. 1392 Geary st. ' ' '. '
FIRST-CLASS I tucker on automatlo machine.
220 Sutter St., room 25. ' •
APPRENTICES and finiBhers on coats. Met-
ropolitan Tailoring Co.. 947 Market st.
CLEVER woman to hire agents in town; sal-
ary - and traveling expenses. Box 2116. Call.
YOUNG girl, $15, general housework. 3326
Twenty-fifth st. ; call between 10 and 12.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
¦ at' 6 o'clock this evening.' I * -¦ ¦
WANTED- Good woman cook for men. Apply
2030 Seventeenth St.. near Vermont.
GIRL for housework In family of 2; must sleep
at home, r.l Chattanooga st. « '
GIRL for housework ;"a~adults; $12. 377 OaJc
etreet. _ «¦'-¦.'
WANTED-OIrl to wait at table; no eipo-
rlence necessary. 40< Pacific »t..'-
GIRL for Hght~housow'ork : family of 3. Call
after 1 o'clock 1614 Vnllxijo st. . .
WANTS r)-oTr7Tr"woniiiirr to assist In house-
work; wjigfs $10. 948 McAllister, »t.
YOUNG girl to do light housework and plain
cooking. Apply 1913 Larkln st.
WANTED-Young girl to assist In light house-
work; Bleep home. 403 Grove »t.
PANTS finishers and apprentices wanted; paid
while learning. 124 Turk St.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework. Apply 1321 Golden Gate ave.
AMERICAN or Swedish woiran for housework
In small family: wages $25.' Southwest cor.
Clinton ave. and Chestnut St.. Alameda (nar-
row gauge train to Chestnut station).
WANTED— Experienced girl to work part day,
part night hours in Fischer's bakery, 866
Washington St.. Oakland; wages $5 per week
• and board. '
BUTTON sewers on shirts wanted at LBVJ
STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont et. Apply to
Mr. Hendshaw.
AVANTED— Store attendant; a trusty boy or
. girl; .Devlsadero St.; $3 per week. Address
box 2106, Call office.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring.' 641 Mar-
kej et. ¦>, . -
GIRL to assist with light housework. Call 3041
Baker St., near Lombard. • -
MILLINERY makers wanted. Apply BUT-
LER SCHUTZE CO.. 723 Market St.
WAITRESS wanted. 2208 Powell st.
WANTED— Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice: good pay. 528 Stevenson, rm. 8.
NEAT girl; light housework; $15. 30 Belve-
dere st. : . ' - •
APPRENTICES, maker and first-class trimmer
In millinery store. 692 McAllister Bt.
WANTED— Girl for light housework and cook-
Ing. Apply 1627 Oalt st. ¦
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1134 Turk
street. ' -
SPANISH speaking girl to care for child and
assist; references. Box 2037. Call office.
YOUNG girl to care for child and sew; refer-
ences. Box 2050. Call office.
OPERATORS on ladles' shirt waists; steady
work; good pay. BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room »5. . ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
' A r alencla gt. ,-•'•".¦--¦•
HELP WANTIiiD — MALE.
AT C. Jl. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 185
Free Fare Ratlrona Work Free Fare
Ship To-day, Wednesday
60 drillers, Chatswcrth Park, Los Angeles
County .....12 to $2 50
EO tunnelmen, Chatsv.-orth Park...$l 73 to $2 50
CO teamst«rs, State of Nevada $1 75
CO laborers and teamsters, coast road
$175 to $2
20 more men, S. P. Co.'s own work, Surf.$l 75
...For Cal. and N. W. R. R. Co., Ukiah...
Teamsters and laborers $2 a day
- CO practical colored coal miners, single and
married, to start -Saturday, see boss here
Thursday and Friday, best of wages, free
fare ,
A gang of woodsmen, best of wages; stable-
man, $20; blacksmith for a springs hotel, $30;
5 lathers, $1 75 per M; 2 boys, machine shop.
$5- a week: 2 SwIes milkers, $30; butcher,
country shop, $40 and found; a gang of 50
coal miners, marriwl and single, see boss
here ..: '..
hotel department:
Meat coolt, country hotel, $50; baker. $45;
dishwashers, potwash.rrs, $25 and $20; 10 wait-
ers. $30, $32 E0 and $35; clerk, country hotel;
¦ barkeeper, city, $40 and found; head waiter,
country hotel, $C5; head washer, country
hotel, $45 and found; polisher, country hotel.
$45; Ironer, $33; polisher, $40; washer, springs
hotel, $30; hanger-up, country hotel laundry,
$25; 2 neat young men as omnibuses, $25; a
broilers, $50 and $60
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
50 COLORED or white practical coal miners,
married or single, best of wages, free trans-
portation to the mine; see superintendent at
our office Thursday. Friday and SaUirday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.^»
BAKERS' helper for country hotel; $25 and
found; free fare; call to-day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt. '
A— WANTED V
Planing mill man for country mill. $3 a day;
4 farm hands for large vineyard. $26; middle-
aged man for private place, city, $20: 2 farm-
ers, steady place, $25; 2 woodchoppers, stove-
wood, 87%c a tier; 2 single' hand miners, $2
a day; German ranch blacksmith, $40 and
found; German blacksmith helper for ranch,
$30 and found; 3 shovelers. city, $1 75 a day;
Hpcond cook and dishwasher for boat, $25 and
$15. AV. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A-3 MORE mill and^woodmen, $26. ship to-
day; a few more men to cut 4-foot redwood.
75c. pine $1 25 per cord, shingle bolts $1 60
p&r cord, pickets $6 per 1000, posts $3 per 100,
redwood ties, . etc. ; waiter, restaurant, city,
. $7 per week; quarryman. $1 "i to $2 per day..
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third jst.
AVAITER for lunch'counter. $25. see party here
11 a. m.; hotel waiter. $30: bellboy, $10; por-
ter, $33 and room. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
* 333 Geary st. '. -
5 ...WOOD carvers, 1 plasterer: non-union; no
- office" fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
' . 410 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
' Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3.. I. LESS. Secretary.
AVANTED— Ma"n for r.ilvate residence; city;
must understand Kard>nlng. care ' of line
horse«, rigs and drivtjig; make himself gen-
erally useful: 'city, references required. Box
2026. Call office. - '
SALESMEN wanted to Fell our goods by sam-
ple .to wholesale and retail trade; we are the
largest and only manufacturers In our line
In the world: liberal salary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Oa. ,
i
AVANTED— Man to handle freight . and make
himself 'generally useful. California Elec-
trical Works, 400 Market st.
MAN - with horse and wagon; sell oranges to
dealers, city and Oakland. KEN YON, 132
. Fourth st.
YOUNG man to work in drugstore; must have
• some experience. KlbMer's Pharmacy, Lar-
fcin and Turk sts. ' "
STRONG boy, about 16, residing In Western
Addition, work in grocery: no bar. 1607 Fill-
more st.; call after 1 p. m. -
HONEST boy to deliver books and make him-
self generally useful; German preferred. 313
Fifth st. " ' •
AVANTED— Steady .man to act as canvasser for
real estate and buslnotn agency. McLAL'GH-
LIN & CO.""7i'7H Market st.
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work;
.will pay $16 week So start; steady place;
must have $125. MCLAUGHLIN, 777H Market.
WANTED — Trustworthy . man as partner, to
attend , cash , counter, restaurant; $75 per
month; $150 required. .906 Market st., room a.
AVANTED — Two waiters; must be sober and
Industrious; no other need apply. 547 Mis-
sion St.;
WANTED— Barber for 'Wednesday afternoon
and Saturday and Sunday. 13.17 Dupont st.
BARBER wanted: ateatly.for AVednesdajV Sat-
urday and Sunday. 626 Fourth St.' , .
BARBER wanted, steady, at 116 Pacific st.
BARBER ¦ wanted. Apply 140 Powell' st.
PANTS pressers wanted by S. N.-WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27, Geary st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.' 662 Mission nt., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cash boys between ages 14 and 15
years at ROOS BROS.
ENGRAVERS - wanted. -Apply - CALIFORNIA
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO.. '513 Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS: bujhelman; no other- need
v apply. ABE JACOBS, 1200 Market st ;. f
AMATEUR singers' wanted. Apply, at Chutes
; :at 6 o'clock this 'evening. \ •• :
HELP WAKTEP— .MALE.
A-ML-RRAT &.
Free' fare""' Free fare
Free fare both ways
i ..............We ship to-day, free... ...........
60 laborers S. P. R- R. Co.'s own work, for
.section, ballasting and other gangs, Los An-
geles and Banta Barbara divisions; call early
with blankets ;
A-MURRAY & READY.......Phone Main 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
....White male help of all kinds furnished
. ......Free of Charge to
............ Every Employer of Help -•...
No syndicate too larre, no firm too small ror
us to supply; no objection to distance; we
ship good help to all parts of the world..
Employers of help phone, telegraph, write or
call In person and procure your help from
Murray & Ready *
We gave employment 'iV^"^,Vn
1897 to upward of.; -".MO men
1S98 to upward of ..:. "-WO men
1S90 to upward of 2}-<£> men
1900 to upward of 3o - C0 ° meQ
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CHay st.
A-HELP WANTED.. 1 .»- n». to-day
2 carpenters •*__"5 aay
Engineer and run -wood saw. see boss^here^
10'iwa^nperV 'for and found
Baah and door maker, country planing m\\\^
..":";¦.^"FARMs¦.'"DA¦IRIE^;'ETC„........ ; .
6 form and orchard hands $20 and »M
Choreman and milk four cows... *-s
and milker, 3 mlIker !;;" a _^ d "J3 5
2 vegetable'gardeners. • |2>
Gardener. Ban Mateo County.... *¦»
MISCELLANEOUS
MeSUnd wives, ranches and private Pj*e»-
4 teamsters, city work $1 To day » nd J2S
Stableman, country ••••"•;:;"; .V^'ttn
Stableman and hostlers, clty....$*>. MS and W
Bushelman. city shop 'A'^"' M
SEE BOSS HERE FOR.........—
100 woodchoppers and tlemakers. *1 15 to II »a
cord, 10c each, ties virgin timber, Mendoclno
County, see boss at our office .^
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS....—
Cook and dishwasher, same place.. fc>0 and I2O
Walter, country Louvre ••; ••JS
5 waiters, city and country ..*2* and wo
• first and second cooks 150, J40 and «0
First and second bakers l*> and JW
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— MANAGER, country hotel, . $100; apply by
letter, stating reference, experience, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay 8t.
YOUNG men: thorough gardener; can take care
of horres, cows: handy with tools; wages tZa.
Box 2114, Call office. . ;
BUSHELMAN wanted. Golden Eagle- Cloth-
Ing Store, 104 Kearny Bt. •
BOY wanted; not over $15. 319 Butter st.
WANTED— A young boy to help around a
lunch room. Apply 629 Davis st.
BOOTBLACK wanted: run stand; good chance
for right party. 3093 16th at., nr. Valencia.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 690 Brannan st.
WANTED— A waiter at 1212 FUlmore st.
GOOD helper In blacksmith shop. 958 Harri-
son St.' ... ', -
WANTED— A good restaurant waiter; call
early. 1550 Market st. s-
WANTED— Man for general housework. 1443
Harrison st.
GOOD dishwasher; J25. Apply Union Hotel,
opposite Union Iron, Works.
WANTED— Experienced marker and dlstrlbu-
tor. 639 Howard et.
CLEANERS and pressers. Golden West Cloth-
Jyg Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st.
CARPENTER wanted; call early. 459 Steven-
son st. : v
STOUT boy to learn blacksmlthlng. ' 4S Eighth
street.
WANTED— Apprentice boy to "learn tailoring;
will pay while learning. 916 Market St., r. &2.
BEDMAKER wanted. 560 Howard st.
AGENT wanted. Golden Gate Dye Works,
1421 Point Lobos ave.
WANTED— A steady young waiter at 517
Montgomery st.
WANTED— A second cook at 937 Kearny st;
call between 7 and 8.
TAILORS and bushelmen wanted; steady
work; good wages. 2S22 Greenwich st.
AN errand boy, $2 SO a week. 36 Geary St.,
room S3.
GOOD cook on entrees; no Sunday work. 39
Market st. |
WANTED — A first-class waiter; also an elevator
boy. • 29 Stockton st.
WANTED — Man who understands nursery worK
. and jobbing gardenlrg. DOO Haight st.
BARBER shop; S chairs; AVestern Addition.;
old stand; cheap. STOLTZ, 723 Market" st.
WANTED — First class hull and engine
draughtsmen; men thoroughly familiar with
modern naval construction preferred; good
wages paid first class men. Address, stat-
ing experience, MORAN BROS. CO., Seat-
. tie. Wash. _^
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two' months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no oc shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order with a vle\f
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER-COLLEGE.
€33 Clay st. Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stllL
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to 12 per week.
TARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving- chair, called the "Auto-
back"; It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St., first floor, up.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS., -24 Sutter st.
GOOD barber; steady Job. Apply 723 Fourth
St.. San Rafael, tel. Red 15.
2 POLISHERS. 2 grinders. 109 Beale at.
C1GARMAKERS, 32S Bush St., third floor,
room 4.
UNDERPRESSER on vests; steady work;
good pay. 341 Market st. ;
COATMAKERS; steady Work; good pay. 541 I
Market st. .
OPERATORS on pants and coats; steady work;
good pay. Sfl Market st.
I5AKI5KF! shop for .-ale; good location; cheap
'^rent>- 52*6 Steuart st. Vyy.-.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; doing a good
business. Apply box -2110. Call office.
ERRAND boy for drug store; give age and
residence. Address box 2107, Call office.
AVANTED— 300 men to-day at 513 Montgomery
street. ' \
BARKERS — A goo«l-paylng. two-Chair barber
shop for sale at a sacrifice; owner going
Easti Apply H. BEP.NARD. 104 Seventh st.
FOR SALE— 3-chalr barber shop; bathrooms;
near city. Box 2093, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free/ S. F. Barber College, 741A -Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop: • two living rooms;
furn.: cheap. H. BERNARD, 104 Se\-enth St.
BARBER shop for sale, JJO; call Immediately;
rent $10; three living rooms. 1612',i Folsom st.
FOR sale — 4-bowl center washstand and other
barber fixtures. Russ House, 217 Montgomery.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
'9 a." m. at 3C2 Post st.
GET your shoes half-snlrd while waiting; 25c
to TOc. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 100 pnlfs second
hand, shoes for sale; SOc up. 2»1 Third st.
50- TEAMSTERS, steady work, n per day.
'Apply at stables In rear 212 Ninth st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, lie and
20c. Bosto'n House. 93) Howard st.
Carpenters, blacksmiths •& green hands, whal-
ing cruise on steamer, Herman's. 26 Steuart.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 027 Fourteenth
street. • • - .
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & gre*n hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shrpard & Co., oiw reliable
firm. 8C6 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelved'-ot Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lCSs
• Valencia st.
¦ V-.- HORSES AJIP WACUXS.
10 HORSES for sale; also wagons, i buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every .Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S F VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
• M. .L. Pancoast. sec.. 510 Golden Gate are.
. A NEW-pneumatlc-tlred road Duggy. Dh. L.
KRAKER. veterinary dentist. 164 Golden
• Gate ave:. .corner Lea venworth St. ¦
I THREE fast road horses;: also some good
business horses," at 721 Howard st.
i TWO spring wagons, one buggy., for . sale
•cheap, at\HOPPrS, Baden. -
HOR5E3 AXD WAGONS.
THREE fine aeeond-hand surreys; on* 4-ton
express wagon. 48 Eighth st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
carti^bugyles. surreys, horses. U40 Tolsom!
AI»T-A No. 1 express wagon, single, also lUht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 533 Mlawlon.
A-PRIN^ED^LJST^Ho^TtS "let: send for d^l
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICKLY furnished house. 9 rooms and bath;
bl 162- P ¦ ° r nnfurnished ! reaaon-
<2 ?jll B^wky^^ear 3^^;,^-^
INVALID Ft^"^TCRE.
INVALID furniture and appliances- saleorrent.
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van News ave..7r Post "t
LOST AX1> PO vx a. "~
LOST— BJtch: part Gordon setter; black with
tan spot over each eye, white spot on breast
bushy tail: answers to name of Fanny l*a*her
collar -with link trimming, fastened with lock
and cord; suitable reward. 1001 Markn st.
LOST— March 4, corner Scott and Jackson sts
heavy-set English foxhound dog: color b-own-
- lsh blaok and white. Return SS45 Fiilsiors st.
and receive reward.
LOST— Ladles' Initialed gold watch and sr.air.el
pin. A liberal reward paid for proxspt return
to 514 California st.
$10 REWARD— White curly dog. medium size,
black- spot on ear and on rump. Return to
1636 Mission St.
LOST— March 5. lady's gold watch and chain;
watch has large diamond and monogram K.
M. G. Return to 1160 Ellis at. : liberal reward.
LOST— "Watch charm, design gold wheel; llb-
eral reward. Return to IS Beala it
LOST— Certificate No. 283 for 80 share* Ocd-
dental OU Co. 122 Fourth St.; reward.
»50 TIED up In silk handkerchief, between
Pier 7 and Ferry depot; property of a poor
person. Finder will please return to SER-
GEANT OF POLICE MAHONEY and receiva
suitable reward.
LOST— Near Market &nA Taylor its., small
white and brown dog; female. Return 3
Golden Gate ave.; reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; license No. JSC7;
reward at. 249 Pennsylvania ave.
LOST— February 20, lady's fur collar; sable;
. $30 reward for return and no questions asked.
WM. R. SHAFTER. Phelan building.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O" Farrell. bet. Powell and Mi son.
OLD itold, silver, diamonds and precious »tone«
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MATItniOMAU
dEN'TLEMEX wlshlnjr to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 7C» Ellis at.
MARRIAGE bureau: confidential list. 10c.
MR. BLAKE, 323 Kearny St.. rooms 4 and S.
' MAri'KBSSBS A.\ U ll'H'iLMf.Xt
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel Souta 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed; expert carpet cleaning; strictly r»-
llable. HOPKK BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
¦ MEDICAL.
A— RENOWN ED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cates are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods jruar-
anteed. DR. O. W. O'PONNELL. 1013 Mrkt.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 123 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return samt
day; those wtshing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT; a sure cure; give* Instant relief ; harm-,
less; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment; safe and reliable: 19
years In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced in
S. F. since 1SS»; maternity home; fee low.
1035 Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 >ts.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. S42 Peat St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladies' specialist: 25 years'
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed.
DR. POPPER, specialist for all female ail-
ments; practice 37 years. 323 Kearny st.;
can be sent.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— RemoVed to 111S Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist.
MIMis AAD MI.M.NC.
MONTEZUMA Copper Advances 1C0 Per Cent
MONTEZUMA Copper Advances ICO Per Cent
MONTEZUMA Copper Advances ICO Per Cent
MONTEZUMA Copper Advances 100 Per Cent
MONTEZUMA Copper Advances 100 Per Cent
Since we plac«d It on the market a short time
ago. It la a stock that will always increase
in value.
2» Copper Mines in Washington.
24 Copper Mines in Washington.
2t Copper Mines In Washington.
2» Copper Mines In Washington. .
24 Copper Mines in, Washington.
Of which the siock Is non-assessable under
the laws of that State.
1S00 Acres of Valuable Coal Lands
1S0O Acres of Valuable Coal Lands
1S0O Acres of Valuable Coal Lands
' 1S0O Acres of Valuable Coal Lands
ISO) Acres of Valuable Coal Lands
Have Just been acquired by rhe Montexuma
Mining Company, and the first coal was sold
. therefrom Feb. 2T.th. Under date of Feb. 20ttk
the company wrote to us aa follows: "Ac-
cording to the estimates of coal men this
lease of ours U worth half a million dollars.
It Is an opportunity of a lifetime for profit-
able Investment, as our stockholders will find
out in due course."
Copper and Coal. Copper and Coal.
Copper and Coal. Copper and Coal.
Copper and Coal. Copper and Coal.
C6rp*T and Coal. Copper and Coal.
Copper and Coal. Copper and Coal.
Par value of stock. $1. For a limited tlm»
It Is offered at 8c cash or 9c In monthly in-
stallments. Thousands of investors are con-
I vlnced of its value.
i Call or write for prospectus and reports.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUbT CO.
Selling Agents.
310 Safe Deposit Building. San Francisco.
MINES bought and sold: also stock* in minea
and oil comoanles. Prof. John Tilton. run.
475-47";. 4th floor. Parrott hldg. : 10-12. 1-X
MiSCELLAMsOLS — KUU SALB.
1.O1I.KKS. engines, Zd-hand. machinery. Mr-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we *lwaT«
have a large stock of saloon outfit* en hand;
S2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 2t hours. J.
NOON AX. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR Sale — On account of sickness, gasoline
launch, complete. 2S ft. long. 6-ft. beam. «
II. P. Union gas er.stlne. ail In perfect order;
a bargain If taken Ht once. Call or address
M. B. SPARKS. Belvtdere, CN.. or room 350
Parrott building. San Francisco.
FOR sale — R. C. St. Bernard, female. 8 months
old; winner of first and special prize of the
last Oakland show. Addres3 CHAS. L£-
BRECHT. Calistoga. Cal.
A FINE. Inlaid combination billiard and pool
table with ccmplete outfit of balls. cues,
cases, etc., at one-third the original cost.
Call at office, 769 Market st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WniTELAW. Z18 Spear st.
FOR sale— Fine yacht. 32 feet long. 11-ft. beam.
For particulars inquire of M. O. FETDNEK.
C38 Market at.
TYPEWRITERS at any price- to close them
out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 Caiifornla.
A-M-TO.V Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apr>ty at 216 California st. -
A— 13 AND 25 H. P. boiler: » H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 13? Beale st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 7 drawers, almost
new, cheap. 1915 Mission at., near Fifteenth.
TO J.NP-HAND enameled bath tubs: 20 H. P.
Westlnghouse motor: cheap. 2M Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. U M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg-y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and Zd-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxnme.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engln-s and
boiler* bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chlnery trough: and sold. White. 518 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN 3AFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st,
MAGIC lanterns, new and 21-hand movln*
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«t st.
SAFES — New and secend hand; all sizes. TIIH
WALT7. SAFK. lO^ill Market St.. San Flint
MISCRLLAMCOUS WANTS.
LADIES* and gents' cnat-oS clothing bought A
sold. Silver man. M4 Folsom; teL Folaoa __Thomas J. Magner to same, sain*; $10.
Agnes . S. Crouch to Samuel Foster, lot on
SW line of Bealo street. 1SS:4 SE of Mission,
SE 45:10 by SW 137:6; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Frank
McDonald, lot on NW line of Jessie street. Ii9
SW of First, SW 15 by NW 62: $1500.
Mary E. Glynn (wife of John P.) to Hen
rietta Le Provost, lot on SE line of Tehama
street, 375 NE of Fifth. NE 23 by SE 80; 110.
Mary A. Brundagr* to . Thomas and Harriet
M. Lynch, lot on NE line of Morris avenue.
235 SE of Harrison streev SE 25 by NE 80: 110.
Thomas F. and Amelia M. Mitchell to C. A.
Mitchell, lot on W line of Utah street. 25 N
of Twenty-fifth (Tolo). N 25 by W 100; $10.
C. A. Mitchell to Thomas Mitchell, same:
$10. .
Timothy Duane to James A. and Margaret
Gilchrlst. lot on E line of Rhode Island street.
60 N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo). N M by E 100;
gift.
P. B. Gallagher to George F. and Margaret
M. Keck, lot en N line of B street. 82:6 W of
Seventh avenue, W 23 by N 100: $10.
Estate of Lewis A. Hayward (by Margaret
S. Hay ward, executrix) to Hattle A. Stevens
(as administratrix of estate of Martin V.
Stevens), lot on SE corner of Seventeenth and
Uranus streets. E 20. S 68. W 52. NE 70, portion
of lot 8. block X. Park Lane Tract No. 3; $10.
Hattlo T. Lewis (wife of L. T.) to Joseph
Pattlnson. lot on SW line of Fourteenth ave
nue South, 50 SE of I street. SE 25 by SW
100. block 2SS, South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $100.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Henry
C. Matilda and Jane E. Johnston, lot on W
line of Sen Bruno avenue. (Nebraska street),
150 S of Marlrosa.- S 26 by W 100; $10.
Lawrence and Bridget' Taaffe to Antonio and
Louisa Cuneo, lot on NW line of Arlington
street. ICO NE of Miguel; NE 23 by NW 100.
block 16, Falrmount Tract: $10.
Marcus J. Netter to Celestlno Fratessa, lot
16. block 16, Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
• Frank Furrer (owner) with Paul Mager (con
tractor), architect Harold D. Mitchell—Altera
tions ar.d additions to make a 2-story frame
buildlnc on let on Geneva avenue, being 100
feet from NW corner of San Jose and Geneva
avenues; $3025.
William Giselman (owner) with Jones. Peter
son & Rountree (contractors), architect" Wil
liam Curlett— All work except painting for a
3-story and basement flat and store building on
lot on NW corner of Fulton and Baker streets,
E 50. N 62. W 50, S €2; $14,000. . ?
Mary A. Hoedt (owner) with W. E. Grant
(contractor), architect W. E. Hind, all work
for 3-story frame building with. rough base
ment (flats) on lot on N line of McAllister
street. 96:10^4 W of Baker, W 25 by N 87:6.
Western Addition block 531: $4500.
by W 137:6; $1. • .. ..-
May Magner to John T. Magner, same; $10.
Tttos. Magee to Georgre W. and Jas. H. Kelly,
and Annie M. dl Vecchlo (wife of Stephen), lot
on N line of Page street. 55 E of Laguna, E 27:*
by N,120. quitclaim deed: $10.
George W. and James H. Kelly. AnMe M.
and Stephen dl Vecchlo to Elisabetli O. ana
Hanna M. Dennis. game: $10.
George P. and Mellta I. Tallant to Caymua
Investment Company (a corporation), lot on E
line of Walnut street. C3:10» s S of Paclflc ave
nue. S 63:10V4 by E 32:6: $1D. '• ' '
Jane and William S. Phelps to F. G. J. Mar
getson. block bounded by Jefferson. Beach. "West
Seventh and West Eighth streets, belns block
32S, Peter Smith map; also Western Addition
block 251, bounded by Jefferson; Beacb. Bu
chanan and Laguna streets: except lot' on NW
corner Beach and Laguna Btreets. N to Bay. SW
to Beach. E to point of beginning: tlO.
Phelps . Manufacturing Company to name.
Western Addition blocks 230. and 251; also block
323, Peter Smith map. bounded by Jefferson.
Beach. West Seventh and Went Eighth streets;
also all property, quitclaim deed: $1.
Francis O. Hancock to Victor A.. Jules F. and
Frank J. Hancock, lot on E line of Hardy
street. 100 S of Sixteenth. S JS by E 75; gift.
Timothy Duane to James A. Duane and Mar
garet Gllchrlst. lot on NE line of Juniper street.
362:8 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by NE 80: gift.
Fernando' and Julia A. Nelson to Caroline.
Olof and Edlna C. Hawkins, lot on E line of
Hartford street, 230:4 N of Eighteenth. N » by
E 125: $10. - -
J. Ferdinand Wfcgner (by William S. Pardy
and Ferd Rels Jr.. trustees) to. Paclflc States
S. L. and B. Company, 1S64 d. »4, lot on W Una
of Clara avenue 224 N of Eighteenth street.
28 by W 1S6. trustees* deed: 13400.
Manuel I* Furtado to Lena. D. Furtado, lot
on W line of Douglass street. 51:6 N of Eliza
beth. N. 26 by W, 100; gift.
Walter H. Linrorth to Johanna Cogan, lot on
N line of Pine street, 112:6 W of Mason. W. 25
by N 62:«: no.
John H. end Cellna D. Spring. Alvah J. and
Leonlde D. Chamberlln and Angelo B., Redlck.
McK. and Alphonse M. Duperu to John Wads
worth, lot on NW corner of Lombard and
Jones streets. X 63:9 by W 73:6:. 110.
G. T. and Annie Knopf to Equitable Gas
'¦ light Company (corporation), lot on S line of
Beach street, 137:6 E of Hyde, E 75 by 8
137:6; J10. k
Thomas J. Manner (trustee Of estate of Ellen
Johnson) to Thomas J., Joseph. Clarence P.
and May Magner (a fourth each), lot on W
line of Hyde street, 77:6 S of Broadway. S CO
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ¦:. WEDNESDAY, /MARCH. 6, 1901.
11
DIA r IDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 25 (thirty
cents per sharo) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market St., -on and after
Monday. March 11. 1901. Transfer booVs closed
Saturday, March 2. -1901. -at 12 o'clock m.
. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
myinExp xotices.
I TRAVELERS' 1
BANQUET 1
>o o
Jo 0
o o
% The dinner ssrved ev?ry ©
!» night In tha Santa Fe J
\o Dining Can en the Call- o
jo fornla Limited Is a banquet o
!* and one that elthsr Sherry %
lo cr Dalmonlco would* b3 »
i o proud to serve. It's [oily, ' Z
* too; thare Is no stagna- *
Jo tlon; we keep everything £
to msvln? on the I
jo . *>
SANTA FE 1
0 o
£ o
"•oiTiiK.it* rAviirio coarjuiT«
(PAGiriC STVrtM.>
Trnlai !••»««• Mil nrm «!«• In nrrlt* »l
man nuxewro.
(Main Line. Foot of .Market Stnel)
liavs — From IUhcii t 190L — *am»s
1 ISO* BanlcU. Sniaiw. Efanlim. Vk.iC«,
Ronuey and 4*orBui«nia 7i3*r
7i3i»* D*»l*. Woodland. KnifhU Laadlfif,
MarriTllie. Orotllle 7i.10r
7:30* AtlabUe Kipreu-OtJan and Eul> laitOp
SiOtt* M»rit»e».H»ult»mon.V*:i«jo. >»?».
c»iUt( j*»i..is»iit» liuu a>2*r
SiOOa IiD<w, liTenaore^ Trtcr, Lathrop.
Stockton v 1t29r
• :3O* Shanta Kxprrts— Dava, WlUlims (fo»
Btrtlatt Srricps), WUlows. Ile-l
Bluil, PorUnwt 7i3»r
•iSVA San Joae. Llfeiinor", Htoekton,
lone. Saoraiiipnto.-' PlacttrviUa,
M»r}ifl!l«. (,'hleu, ltad Itlnff 4iO0r
HiSftA Oa,k dale, Chinese, Honor*. Carters... 4i»«p
0t*O* Hkfwaida. NiU* »ud Way Htattona. 1 1 •»• »
y:«ttiLo« Angeles Ezvreaa — Martins*.
Trtcy. Latiirop. rttocktoo. Merced
Frvino and Los Anfeles 7iS*»p
9>3«* Vallejn. Maxtlnoi ana Way BUtlons Si<IOp
IOiUOa The OTerUnd Limited— OidCD, D«a-
T«r. Utoalia. Cblcagu «i3»r
HsOOa Kllra, Stockton, n»ei»men(». Men*
dota, Freano. Ilauford. Vlaalia,
I'crteiTltle 4:S0r
ll:0O4 Urrrmore. Baonr. Oofhen Jna>
tloa. BakaraSeld, Ixm Angeles
fl:«or x»or»uidi'... Itlier Hl*>ni«a f.liOO*
8:ttOr Hajwarda, NIlo* aud Way Htations. Ot.lOp
•*:iM»r Martin**, Hau lUnioit. Vallvjo,
Map*. l.'itlUtiw*. Santa Hf« »i»9»
4iO»r Bniiei*. Wlnten, Maoc«iMento,
WoiMlland. KmIiIiU l^uUlnf.
M<iryafUle. Otntlila I <•:"»«»
4i»np nijrwarA*. Ml»« and Han Joae t* : **A
3:oor Ntes. Ll»enaore, Stndtfm. Lodi ... 10i30a
ga-.uor bun»et limited. El Paao, Nnr
Orle»D» and Kaal cio>20*
S:OOrTlio Owl United— Traey. rirtno.
lUkenOeld. Saufua (or sauU l!*r-
barm. Lrs Anvrlon. 10:8O*
5:0»p New (Meant Ezpresa— llakersflalit.
Hant» ll«rlnr>.UtAii(-in. lMiu-
Inf. El Fam, New Orieana aud
East 7' 1 ***
•lOOp najrmuriln, JJIIeaattd Han Jost 7i»O«
t«i«i»r V»l!-J< Ili.lOv
UiOtir Oriental Mall— Of Jen. Cbeyecna.
Omaha, Chicago I2i2.»r
6:00r (>riotit»l Mall— Ogilen, DenTtr,
Omaba. Chlctffo. Ii2np
liOOr Oregon and Callfnnila Rxi>ri>m,HaO'
rniiiantn, Marj«tll!«. lt«.M(iik.
]-iMtU».l, 1'iin-t Mouiul ami Kaak SiAOl
Mio.ip Sin r*b'o, r..rt (Vita. Martlnes
and Way Htatloiu 11:AO«
|«iO3r Vallejo 7;a»r
COAST DirtMIOS (Narrow Uan^e).
(Toot of Market Street.)
»«|.TA Newark. (>tilrr»i:if,!i»ri.li)inj, Frltnn,
Il.mi i) er Creek ..Santa Cr iu antl Way
{Stations 9>1<tt
(SilSp Newark CenterTille. Ban .lorx, Nnw
Alma4lsD. F«lton, llnul.lor Cwk,
Bauta, «tux and 1'iiuclpal Way
St.tlom t Iwi."»w4
4tinp Newark. Han Join., LosGatos SiAO*
aOiSOr KnnMra' Excursion. San Jom and
WaySUtlona t"«**>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TnmSil rillOiSCO— fi»l «f Ktrkil SU«*I (Slip 8) —
tT:IS 100 11:00*. M. 1:C3 3:!» I:!!'.".
rrtadltUlt— r«»t *riru4w»r.— t«:0O tH:0O t9:CS
10.00 «.m. I3:C3 8:33 l;33r.n.
COAST DIVISION (Itr0t.Ki.1mf).
(Thlnl and Towtuend 8t«)
IoiIOa Ocean View. South Han Vraoelaeo.. \Ui»Ur
TittttA Han Jons mm* Way SUtloiia (K«w
Almatlen WeilmMdajaanly). liSOV
•iVOa Han Joto, Ties l"in< ¦». Mania Cms, ' •. .
Tacllle tlrots. I'aio Knliltf. Han / .
1...L OUIj|m>. Hurr. Lompoe and
rriuel|>al Wa9 Slp.ll.ma 4ll*»
I«i l*»* Sao J.».« .M.I Way Htatloiia. ••a»a
Ili3ll* Sail Joie a.i.l Way Htattona »i3»r
t«i43r San \\\Uo, Itedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. SaiiUCIarv Sau.lna*.
Trea Flnoa. 3»nt» (,'nw, Sallnaa.
M,piu«r»j au.l l'*o(rto GroT9 (>•<**«.
fSia«p Nan Joa«and Way Mlattona 7a3«r
flilSp 8au Joacaud Principal Way Station* »i!3a
t3tO«rSan Jose, Los Gates and Principal
Way Station* tvi«*a
Siaop SanJoM and Principal Way Station* MiSSa
ai3«r 9 an Joacaml Way Siationa tM>*«a,
alli«5r San Jca> a»J War Htatloiia 7»»»p
A for Morntnr P tot A i teninon.
? Hiinrlay *te«pt«d. I Sund»f only.
g Mondars. Wpsdnesdari, Fridays,
e Tn-vdiya. Tbundays. Sosdayi.
a Saturday nnlt
CALIFORNIA HOBTBW-ESTERH RL COL
SAH 'FBAIICISCoTS NORTH PAGlflC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F<rry." Foot of Morfctt St
San Franclawo «o Son Rafael.
TIBTJRON FERRT— FOOT OT MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS-7:t0. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:J5. I:N.
1:10. 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip »t 11 :M
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:M sa-1
11:SO p. m. • — r-
BtTXDAYS— «:CO. •:». 11:00 a. m.; l:J0; l-.ta.
i:W, »:20 rx m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50.-1:20. 11:10 •_ m.; U.iS.
1:10. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Sxtrs> uipa at l:H
aud S:J5 p hv
EUNDATS-8:10. 9:43. 11:19 a. m.; 1:». 1:1ft,
6:05 1:15 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sctraot«a Psx*.
iim« *chedul» as aboTav
Leave I In Effect I Arrr»»
8an Francisco. |Xot.- 7. 1900.1 Ban rntneiscw.
Week I Ean- I I f un * I 7L** k
Day*. I days. I Destination, f days. \ Days.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:44 am J:*» ana
1:10 pm »:30am Fetaluma. «:05 pm 10:M am.
8:19 pm »:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:Mpm
Fulton.
7:S0 am Windsor. 10:M in
Healdsburc.
Lytton. »
Oeyservill*.
|:S0pin S:00 am Cloverdalf. 7:33 pm 1:3 pm
7(0 ami I HopUnd 1 I
I S:0O ami and Uklah. I 7:M pm| «:M pm
7:W am ' „ l.« !»:» am
1:00 am GaerneTllle.| 7:35 pml
g:80-pm I I f:a pm
1:30 am 8:0Oam Sonoma *:1S am t:«0 an*
and *
E:10pm 8:00 pm Olea Kllen. «:C5 prn 9 :tS pm
T:J0sm| «:00aml 110:40 »mjl9:M ara
t:SO prn| 5:00 pm[ Sebastepd. ! 7:33 pm[ <:tt pm
- Stace* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W»at
Pprln«« and White Sulphur Sprlnirs; at Fulton
lor Altnirla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
OcyservUlo far Skaxss Springs; at CloverdaU
for the Geysers; at Hoplaad tor Duncan
' evrlngs. Highland Eprlnirs. Kelseyvllle. Carl*.
1 tad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartl«tt
t-irlnts: at Uklah for Vlcby Springs. Saratoga
eprlnxs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell, Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Va!ley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s. Bucknclis.
• Panhedrln Helsbts. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Bprlnirs.
Mendocino City. Fort lirassr. WestDort, CsaU
. WJHett», Laytonvllle. CummlnpTJ. Be!l'« Sprints,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Kurek*. .
Saturday. to Monday round-trip ticket* at r*>
4aced rates.
On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all points
¦ beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
1 Ticket office. CjO Market St.. Chronic!- Ipulli-
. 1st;.. . R- X. RTA.V.
H. C WHITINO. O«n. Pass. Agt.
» Gen. Masager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
* Via Saasalita Ferrr— Foot of Market St.
l«. 11m mtn. »*. «•¦» ***h
I 9:15 a.m.) WEEKDAYS (3:00 p.m.
1-OF.M.f ~^EKJi BAYS , a:23 p M _
1 4:00 p.m.) Stay over night at the tavcjut mo-.:« .».*.
«fflA.M.) . f l.-OOr.M.
' ll:30A.M. f SU>DA*S i^r.U.
UlSr.M.) 15.MP.M.
* Fif«. S»n Fr»nrf*tn to Summit and Retnrn. ft. tO.
" Ticket Ofices, C21 Market St.. A Sacsalito Ferrr.
1 /^Tfew Dr. Gibbons Dispensary,
¦ J lt< ,ffl G29 itKARXY ST. KaUbtishrd
jbp%pJ f*^3^- \ I n 1«!34 for the tr<?»tm»nt nf 1'rlvntA
• Iaijk/9H DIkmcs, Ln<t Unnhood. Debllttror
Efiw»R3{»'i'!!< f ' as* wearinjron hodr and mlml arni
t JBraHHKa|9kln Dls««»es. The I)octorcor^swii»»ri
•^n»»5Mp1s' 1tners ' ftlt - lrT htm - t'harzrs lnw.
r — t+*»i. Cull or writ*
l>r. JI. i". blOBUA. Uau 1'raaclsco. Cal.
cremation!
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
~ BAN FRANCISCO, CAL. i
The charge 'for cremation to churcn members i
and members of organizations having: presiding-
officers and secretaries and their families Is 130.
All others $35. Expensive coffins -and orna-
ments are seldom used. A niche In 'the Colum-
barium is a monument and saves the cost of a
lot and Its care and stone work. Send for dr-'
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
FABS-BARRONN-In this city, by the Rev. A.
B " 3. Brown. Joseph Fnss and Qussie - Bar-
ron.. both of San Francisco. ; ¦
HALE-SWANSON-In this city, March J, 1501.
by the Rev. E. F.' Dlnsmqre, James M. Hale
: and Mrs. Nellie M. Swanson. . ¦ ••-
KROKNER-SHARY— In Oakland, by the Rev.
A.> B. . J. . Brown : of San Francisco. Solomon
- Krokner • and ' Dora Shary. both of , Oakland,
'. Alameda County. .
SILK— HERAN— In this city, February 19, 1901,-
. at • Mission Dolores Church, by the . Rev.
Father Stokes. Malachy F.:H. Silk and Mary
Ira belle ¦ Heran, - both of . San Francisco. : 1
MARRIED.
Has opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
st. " bet. Taylor and Jones. Tel. South 576-
REMEMBER 214 Eddy st. Is on the right
hand »ld« of ¦ street _golng from Market.
jn/ne«i\ McGinn
/vieAvro-v *,co.;."'v
FTJXERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
- - 1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th.
' Telephone . South 247. •
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
(Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd I Local
Dally. Dally. , Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a »:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 15:25 a 11:43 a 11:08 p 7:23 p
" Mercod .. I2:»p 1:17 p 115 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:J5 p 1:05 a
." Hanford.. 4:22 p J:27 p 7:<W a
" Vlsalla 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:46 a 7.
." Tulare.... 4:17 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld... «:Mp B:20 p 7:S0a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:1S p 8:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying 'Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlnc
Cars throuzh to' Chlcaro. Chair Car runs
to Baker»fleld for accommodation ot local
first class pasnensrers. NO second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m.l9 Stockton Local. Correspond-
ine train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
800 d. m. Is tne Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free' Recllnlnc Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, . which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7'ZO a m. Is Bakernfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corrt-
-sprtr-drriir train arrives at 1:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— «41 Market street and In Ferry
* Depot Ean ¦Francisco; lltt Broadway. Oak-
land. ' '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«tisallU Ftrry.
Commencing September JO, 1900.
FROM SAN FHANClSCO TO MILL VALLEY
¦ •• AND ¦ SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-««. t:l>. 11:*> a. tn.. 1:ii.
5:16 4:00. 6:15, *t:XS. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA" TRIPS— for Mill Valley and 8an
Rafael on -Mondays. Wednesday* and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
8UNDAYS-*8:M, 10:00. 1U30 a. in.. «1:14.
fl5, # 4:43. *:S0. *:0O p. ra. /
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM- SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
f \VEEK DAYS-5.:20. MiSO. 7:45. S :34 a. ra..
•12-30 1:45, *a:30. 4:10. 6:20 p. nx. • v
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at CMS and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:C0. 'SiOO. . a 10:00. ' *U:4S a. m,
,«l;40, *2:15. 4:45. •«:30p, m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. S:45. . 7:55. 9:10 •_ m..
12:33 2:10. 3:10. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
ond .Saturdays. at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:C5. 10:03 a. ra.. 12:05. J:U. IM.
6:00. <:45 p. m.
¦ T.HROTJGH TRAINS.
• «:5S a, ; m. , week days — Caxadero and way
stations. . .J^"^^*rf < 'Auijy > ljM '^WSpaf*
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations. .' ¦ »
• 8:00 a. ra. Sunday*— Tomales and way
stations.
BORN.
HALL— In this city. February 28, 1901,. to the
wife of L. H. Hall, a son. ,_
MORRIS— In this • city, February 22. 1901, to
• the wife of William' Morris, a daughter. "
RITCHIE— In this city, February tt, ; l901, - to
th</wifc of William Ritchie, a son. -
KNOECHEL— In this city.~ February 2S, 1901.
to the wife of Carl Knoechel. a daughter..-.
Birth, . marriage and death notices sent by
mall. will not be Inserted. -They must be handed
in at. either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the. name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
(Successor to Flannag-an & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND fiMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.;
Telephone South 80. "
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
BLARRIAGE : LICENSES.
"The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterflay: '- : ¦ - • • •
¦ Eugene de Rcynler, 84, city, and Marlqulta
El sen. 27. city.
Charles K. .Pwlft, 30, 144 Clara street, and
Sofia E. Sandellu*. 36. 144 Clara street.
Lewis L. Chambers, 26, Long Beach, Cal.,
and Anna Ordway, 24, Los Angeles.
William S. Harrington. 27. St. Helena. Cal..
and Oenevieve Carpenter. 21, 2018 Paclflc ave.
William S H. Mauptn, 40. Sacramento, and
Bessie Lane. 31, Sacramento,
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon,
March 26. 1901. and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furulsh at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of machine
tools, : air compressors, boilers and pumps.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon ap-
. plication to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay
Offlce, San Franclsc V Cal. A. 8. KE^NNY,
Paymaster General, U. S. N. 2-25-01 •
TREASURY Department, office of Supervising
Architect. Washington. D. C., February 23,
1901.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
of Hce until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 6th day of
April. 1901, and then opened, for the construc-
tion (escept heating apparatus, electric wiring
and conduits) of.tho United States Postofflce
at. Oakland, Cal., In accordance with draw-
ings and specifications, copies of which may
be had at this office or at the offlce of the
fostmaster at Oakland, Cal.. at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect. >
JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
?>/•¦;¦¦¦> Supervising Architect
TREASURY Department. Offlce Supervising
Architect; Washington, D. C. Feb. 21, 1901.—
Seated proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m.. on the 29th day of
March, 1S01, and then opened, for the con-
struction and completion of a Cabin Pas-
senger House at th« San Francisco Quaran-
tine Station. Angel Island. California. In ac-
cordance . with drawing and specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect, by applying to
this offlce or to J. W. Roberta, superintendent
of construction, at the New Postofflce. San
Francisco. California. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR. Supervising Architect.
PROPdSALS for box lockers.— Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 36 New Montgomery st.. San
Franplsco, Cal.. March 4, 1901.— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be receiver at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m., March. 20, 1901.
Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishtr.fr box lockers. Preference will be
given to articles of domestic 'production and
manufacture,- conditions of price and qual-
ity being: equal (Including In the price
of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference
will be Blven' to articles of American
production and manufacture producsd on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
- sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right 'o ac-
cept or i reject any or all 'proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blank* for
proposals will be furnished on application.
' Envelopes containing proposals will b« In-
dorsed* "Proposals No. IMS" and ad-1-essed
' to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONO. Quartermaster,
U. 8. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
VROPOftALS.
If you are looking for Car-
pets you'll find Carpet' good-
ness here in great abundance.
You'll find among our new ar-
rivals the prettiest, most un-
usual patterns ever made by
reputable factories to grace
cozy, comfortable homes. We'd
like to have you come in and
see our new and exclusive
goods.
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
Goodness
DEANE, Clerk; by V. F. NORTHROP.
Deputy Clerk.
JOHN II. DICKINPON. attorney for execu-
tors, room 25. third flfor. MI1U hullnlnar.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ean Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFP.
deceased. Probate No. 22.SB3. Department 10.
Notice for publication of time appointed of
hearing petition for appointment- of trustee.
C. C. P. 1702.— NotiM Is hereby given that
Friday, the 8th day of March, A. D. 190L at
10 o'clock a. m. of that day and the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said court, at
the New City Hall, .lu the City and County
of San Francisco; State of California, have
been appointed I as the time - and place for
hearing the petition of MARGARET V.
CLUFF for the appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF as sole trustee for ALFRED
THOMAS CLUFF (a minor) under the last
will of aald deceased.
WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Indorsed: Filed February 25, 1901. WM. A.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Pan Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.397. Dept. 10.
• Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation orcanized and exlot-
Ire under and by virtue of the laws of th«
Etate of California, and having its offlce and
place of business In the city and county of
Fan Francisco. State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Us board of directors, a-Jdressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San FranclRCO. State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of raid
corporation: and that Monday. March 25th
1S01. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
eald court. Department No. 10. In the City
Kail -of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the da7. time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whertof I have hereunto eet my
hand and ftffix*>d the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1901
(Seall WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. Ai DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
MOHBY TO I,OA\.
A— MON1CV lo loan nt iaie« which people can
«ncrJ lo ray en furniture, pianos, etc.; do
r.ot borrow at vour friends or you will lone
their O tmrtrtllpj' do businets with Rtrangers
nid foa «iit be better satined; ho delay; no
pcblidtj. Boonm S and 10, S^6 Market tt.
ANY propOBttloBJ any amount: <& per cent: first.
in f^tat.**. lesari*^: corporation loans', chattel
niort^i'-K^s awl fecuritirs. Itoom 16. lot floor.
Or. r.T.lde t.ulH Ir.r. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY arr.ourt at 6 percent: first, 2d and 3d mort-
jrap«=. undiviued lntere-t=t. real uimcXti pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
)«• •; ec-t my terms before fining buslnen* el*e-
*h?re. It. MrOOLGAN. C4 Montgomery, r. S.
HtOBttT reF] ectaWe. private p!aee to obtain
liberal advance* en dlamor.a*. Jewelry at iow-
•rt rates. HaltJwln Jewelry Store. M« Market
rt; ttl. Main 1C44. Dranch IS Third st.
OtTEST rat<*s on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no crmmission: confiden-
tial. Rooai 3, Conservatory W<lK.. 301 Jones.
MOPT rpllible place to borrow on diamonds,
••atche*. Jcwrlry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hiKhept price for old gold, tilvcr. diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
<juk-k: lowrst Interest: easv terms: no broker-
ape; reliable ratty. 11TQ Market St.. room €S.
tfOP*£T :o«nM ca'.nriod people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
»:00.0C0^O loan en roal *f=tate or for building:
lew rate. Hoc* ir.dg. Co.. Sarsome. r. 1.
CASH loaned on salaries; Netr York plan. THE
TOrfLEV CO.. SIl Parrott building.
CASH Snar.ed la salaried people on note without
ladorver. MORniCLL. CCS Examiner building.
TO salaried j,eo;;!e without collateral or ln-
Jprsfr, P. r* TVscr- unt Agency; 143 Phelan big.
SIIMCAI, INSTRUMENTS.
TKERH ar» bargains and barsalss. but no
bargains that can r.t all compare with the
b«n;ai!is that we are offering. Just think of
a thoroughly good, reliable piano for $250 that
can be warranted In every respect and ecll
on eary payments. By end by you can ex- j
change it for a fine Decker & Sen or Packard
srii have the full amount paid on It go as
j art payment. This is one of the bargains
«<¦ have to cfTer. MAUVAIS 1 MUSIC CO.,
'CX MarVet et.
fcCAtrVAZS* MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.. are the
asrr.ts icr l^eck^r & Son, Packard. I5aume;s-
t«r. Brr.ith & Barnes. Viilard and Arlington
piano?.
•* 'V rteiton having use for a piano can be ac-
ccrr.rncdated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
ens;eft payments. lowest prices nr.d mart «e-
l.ablt makers to choose from. Each the best
of tteir crade. from Steinway down. Prlv-
Jl^re eiven to exchange medium and low
priced jijanos for a new Steir.nay any tlmj
within three years from date of pun-hai*-
Heautiful r.en- uprights 50M for $5 ca«h and
l< ner roor.th. We oJTer to sen some good
pianos at S3. $1 and $.> per month. FHEH-
MAX. CLAY & <""O.. Cteir.wa- d-alers. cor-
ner K»arny and Putter ft*.. Pan Francisco;
cnm«T Uroafiway and Thirteenth et.. OaU-
)nr.i.
ALL upright?— 1 Novella SCS
6 n<>»- Kels.~s.-Sll'". ui.7 Mar»halls tX29op
6 O.ickprirss.. ISSnpIl Frhaffr«-rs J65 up
S Hfinw SSSnp - Ptelnways 1*5 up
4 Htillet-Davis 491 up 7 .Tf-wetts 155 up
J B*hr Bros.'.. S33 up: MaKnn-Hamllns 265 up
' V.'e handle all mak«-s: i»?ents for Bcme cf
tb.e ol'ifst p.nd roopt faTnouP pianos in exist-
tncf; HaJtett-Daris, Behr Bros., etc.; agents
wanted: rent* ar>l «"ssy payments. HEINE
I'lano Co.. 117 Geair ft.
flTT,— PTEIVV.'AY upright, lloora SS. !17 Geary
ftreet^
ABfOLi'TELY the oMejt and largest houce
•rest rt Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. IS.
S* and 30 O'Karrell el.: planes, organs and
n!I riher musical Instruments cf all grades
r.Tid rrice* : terrr.s eary; trices lowest: every-
thing pfiBflWf done to please and tatlsfy the
customer 1 .
A-?LAl"GHTER salt of high grade new and
wcpnfl-feagd plarios to realize advances and
rtorace <ir.ftallm*nts). WILSON'S STOR-
AGE.' 170C Market Et..
A FEW new p!anr>s for $150: second
hend from 13d. I5ENJ. CURTAZ & SOX.
It O'Farrell tt. Chlckering and Vo»e agency.
FPKCIAL aile of piano? this week; Steinway,
Knabe ani other*. faKUEXN. 208 Post st.
NKAT. Fma!l square. tZn; 11 Avery Ft., bet.
QeU7 end Test, Fllhnore and Pteiner.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano; !
nearly n«>w: must b« sold. S01 Jones st.
CLOSING cut rtock cf elegant pianos; eend
for price. V. C. HAMILTON. S Flood bldg.
FINE ttamiard urricht nlano: must be sacri-
f.'-fd In :. day*: leaving city. S24 Golden Gate.
V ANTED— Five gnc<i square pianos for conn-
try Fchool?^?YnONll J A^*ZY I^0SJPoFt_«t :^
HIGH-GRADE plants: St#ck, HanJman. Con-
cvfr arid others. Wiley D. Allon Co.. 314 Poet.
IiArtGAlX— Must be sold: nice upright piano. '
BCHMITZ. is McAllister it., next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY nfvt jxand-upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful, tone. HORNT'SG. 21« McAllister.
BTP.nx MAt'ZT. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
aiaaxy. Gabl^r and gpellrrsan pianos. 3-18 Poet.
AT KKEFFE'P. !<23 Market et.. 4 elegant up-
ric-htB at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent etcck In city; new pianos. SI per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ. BCO Hayes Bt.
EITFR1OR violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
Mri-LHR. maker, repairer, i Latham place
OFFICES AND STORES TO LKT.
CORNER etor* — Vest corner Fourth and Perry
rts. : occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
'¦e«rF: rent tJO: water free. Apply to O. H.
CXBSEM & CO.. 14 Monts-oroery St.
I'KPX room, with u«=e of tH^phone and private
room: r»>nt reasonable. V* Market nt.. r. %.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. »0 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country «*orr»«r>onflence solicited.
7)11. LA-SOS FOB SAJLB.
OIL LANDS!
120 itcs in Tehama Co., three miles from
Cornlnir Oil Co.. working J4000 plant.
160 acre* '.n K*-rn Co. partly fenced, with
fcouee. and I'.rhtly furnished. W. A. JAMES,
chxit, care cf Bmlth'e Cash Store.
FOii F«le— 12?!> acres In the heart of Colusa
County oil district. 4 miles from the itnisher.
at 12 ' r > per acre, or will eubdivide. Address
rriom SZ&, Parrrtt building'.
I'AI\TKUS AXD DKCORATORS.
"W«!l p»r*r. window chaOs; rooms paperwl. $3
vr. J<*nwn *• Bath. STS Sixth: cp*-n evenlnKi.
1'ALMISTRY.
lT~jnROME~FOSPELLI. fici^nTl fi c palrnlBtr^lS
Trylor rt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black £€1.
PATENTS A.Mi I'EXSIOXS.
ADVICE fr»>*: no chance unless successful.
GEO. r>. CAMPBELL. L«w>-fr. Examiner Bin.
rEKSONALS.
>_IF vour hair Is fallina: or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 4&8 Oeary mt.. and you
will net be dlsarpointed; this remedy U posi-
tively R'jarar.teed ; call or send for circular.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the am of cirarettes. liq-
uor rr.orj'hine or any other druff, by SIRS.
WILLIAMS. 1SS9 Tollc Et.
1W CAKES fparkllnp Hochhelmer. vintage 'it,
tH per case, reduced to S10: 1000 gallon* very
ti'.i port, sherry and muscatel wine 12 per gal-
lon, reduced to »L F. HOLTTJM. Johannes-
burg Wine Vaults. C17 California «t. :
r.LEClHIC light In every owm-Wlnchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
tic to »l to per nJcht; II DO to J6 per week;
free 'bug and bacgate to and from the ferry-
V HITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr CovUt, ti K. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. mo-ii;i Stockton »t.. near Broadway.
A— S3 M> DERBY and Fedora hats $1 73 Popu-
lar Price H»tter«. 230 Kearny st.. near Pin«.
TINE fuit». 110: dress pantt. tt Ta. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARI^ORS. 4i* Montgomery st.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresMnir.. hair work, man.
Irurinp: prlvete lessons or class. MISS A. V
IX5VLE. 17M Market, bet. Polk and Van Nesi.
fl WEEKLY: *ults to order from genuine
Focfcb, IIS up; fine firesm cults. tV\ up* ele-
gant cvtrccatf. t25 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Morkft et.. between Seventh «nd Eighth.
M. PAUnET. ftcrlft and fiecorator, Is now at
M« O<"aiy «.; rhone 5291.
I'BIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
y«-ars' experience. J. B. RAT. 257 Jem>1« rt.
ilASyUEKAnn rcnunm. play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLIj5TEIN & CO.. 73* Mkt.
GOOD home open for healthy boy or rlrl haby.
Mr«. Dr. Fur.kf. HH riehth «t.. Alameda.
EPKZXO styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Dorr.fftie" oTfice. 1C21 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MACHINE tumlnr. metal rpinnlnK. brass fln-
Ifhlnc & mr>deJ« made. A. Graff. 10 Pte»en«on.
•=t,'PEKFLL'OUS hulr and moles deotroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. HIS Sutter «t.
CTrLAMOTTErS French Corn ralnt, the be«t
corn rure: £Sc: ail drmrglsU.
/.I-FKEDUiSS Egyptian H«-nn«: r»«tore» erray
fcir t» <f nn«nra' <~olor: tl: at »11 /!ruggjyt».
I'll I MCI A.\J» A\U htltUKU.VA.
£)H "<;.' c O'DONN ELL— Office and residence.
1C?1H Market rt.. between Sirtb and Seventh.
r»n. WONG HIM. herb doctor. «ucce«sfully
treats »!1 Clsease* r,f th# haman body: see
test'.cicr.Uis at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
flKAI. ESTATE — CITV — Full SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. i
INVESTMENTS.
ti.COO— B»ach-st. corner: . house. 10 rooms;
rents *J22; lot CS:3xl37:6.
flWOO-Bush St., near Kearny: brick build-
ing containing store and 15 room?: rear
building of. IS rooms; rents $133: lot
S4:€xC0.
IJ.OOO— Uroadr.ay. near Leavenworth tt.: *
flats; rents {31. .
$4,500— Broadway, near Larkln et.; 2 flats:
lot 42:Sxl37:«.
JS.MO— Broadway, near Leavenworth «L : 3
flats of 3 and 4 rooms; rent *J2 10; lot
23xC0.
JT.uCO— Iiush et., n*ar Hyde; house. 11. room*.
2 baths conservatory; rent $30; lot
30x137 :«. m '
JH.roo — Bu*h-«t. corner; store below. flat
above, ar.d 3 two-nory houses; tctal
rents $103; lot 55x100.
tro.500— Bush st.. near Van N>w ave.: 2 flats
on Bu»h st. and cottage on rear street;
lot 25x120.
$19,000— California Ft.; 3 new. elegant, m-jdern.
up-to-date In every rcepect flats of i
and 10 rooms and bath each; rents
x $177 50; lot 27:6x137:*. ,
J12.0CO— California tt.. near Kearny: brick
building containing- *tore and 16 rooms;
rents *100; lot 27:6x6S:9.
$4,230— Clay st, near Mason; 3-etory bulldlns
containing 16 rooms and bath; rents
U0; lot 2CxS4.
f7,2jO CIay-«t. corner; rtore ond 20 rooma
above": rents $50; lot 2Sx68:9.
JS.COO— Clay-FU corner, near Dupont: rents $30.
t^.COO— Clay et.. near Montgomery; 3-story
brick building containing 7 stores and
32 offices; rents $630: lot 70x108:9,
through to .Merchant st.
110,000— Clay Bt.. near < Hyde; 7 two-story
dwellings; rents J20C; lot 80x137:6.
$5.700— Clay et.. near Taylor; 3 flats; total
rent $46; lot 29:6x68.
$7. COO— Commercial st., near Kearny: brick
building: rents *.'0; lot 1^:6x59:6.
$4,210— Chestnut et., near Powell: houre. 7
rooms and bath, and 2 flats cf 4
' room* each; rents $43 SO; lot 25x137:6.
flS.COC — Commercial-st. corner; rents $S5; lot
35x75. with L.
$.0,000 — Commerclal-Et. corner, 3-etory brick
building; lot 50x59:9.
$35,000— Dupcr.t kl. ; rents $3£0 per month; 3-
story and basement brick building;.
$3, COO— Dupont-st. corner; frame house and
cottage in rear; rents $25 50; lot 22x70.
135,000— Ellis-it. Inside location; old Improve-
ments; large lot €0x137:6.
?:0,C0O— Kills it., near Taylor; 4-story build-
ing conttUr.lnr store and C3 rooms
above; rents SK0; lot 25x137:8.
$!07,5CO— Eddy st.; 4-etory and basement brick
building: ! stores and 72 rooms above;
rents y.,2Z; lot £0x137 :£.
$900— Filbert 8t., near Hyde; cottage of 4
rooms.
$5,0C0— Filbert St.. near.Jcnes; 2 flats of C
ar.d 6 rooms and bath; rents $10; lot
27:6x137:6.
$10,000— Filbert St.. near Taylor: 4 flats of 5
and 6 rooms; house in rear of 7 rooms
and bath; rents $S9; lot 4Gxl37:6.
$:.CCO— Francieco Et.. near Dupont ; hor.se of
6 rooms, bath; lot 22:11x68:9.
JIS.OCO— Front-M. corner; frame building; lot
4o:10xl37<6.
JJ2.S0O— Front St.; 2-story brick building; one
tenant; $1€CO per year.
$GC,COO— Grant-ave. corner; brick and frame
Improvements; rents $4100 per annum;
wn be made to pajr 7 per cent net;
lot C?xlC0.
$y»,C00— Golden Gate ave.; 4 small stores; floors
above; rents $2C0; lot CS:9xlS7:t
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare chance for home builders and Invest-
ment seekers.
Choicest building lots on very easy pay-
rrents: on the H-st. electric cant and fronting
<iolden Gate Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave.
Loulevard.
Lets and streets on the official grade: micad-
amlied; p'.ank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice; low prices; bound to Increase In value;
your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent-
Money advanced for building purpose*; the
corniest and handsomest modern houses In
fcunset district are now being occupied and
coiifclructed on the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard.
Call at once at our branch offlce (open week
dcye. Sundays and holidays), corner of H st.
and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate Park.
end ask to be chown these beautiful lots: full
1 crtlculars and price lifts also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• 10 Montgomery st.
flS.£CO RENTS $1230 PER ANNUM.
Price reduced to make Immediate sale; owner
must sell on account of departure; 3 new,
elegant, substantial, up-to-date flats on Jack-
son St.. near Polk; only 2 years old; same
tenants since finished: building cost over $12.-
000; can be rented for $180 mere per annum;
lot 25x127 :S 1 4: a splendid and excellently lo-
cated investment.
Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
62S Market Street
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$40,000— Northwest corner on one of best, bust- t
' 4 ness streets, 100x123 ft. ; Improvements, 4 :
stores, flat. 4 large houses; rents $252 50
monthly. r • -. '•. -¦";-, \» i
SNAP. -<
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$S500— Z beautiful modern flats. 7 and 8 rooms
and bath, round bay-windows, frescoed
walls, eiec&nt wood work: on one of
best etreets In Western Addition; rents
$360 per annum; cars pass.
POWELL-STREET CORNER.
$8000— Rents $120; 3 stores and lodging-house of
21 rooms.
CHEAPEST FLATS IN THE MISSION.
MUST BE SOLD.
$55C0 — I flats of 4 and S rooms and bath; bay-
windows, brick foundation; mansard
roof, Iron fence, fine view; also 25 feet
vacant, lot 75x114 feet, on 19th St.; will
subdivide.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
JC5C0— Any offer submitted; 8 rooms and bath;
rorth elde Page St.; key lot, 25x137:6 ft.
SCOTT-STREET RESIDENCE.
FORCED SALE.
$60CO— Handsome bay-windowed house, eight
rooms and bath; Dcrcelain tub; 2 tile
mantels; bitumen street; cement walk.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
15200— 3 fine well-built modern flats. 5, 5 and <
, - rooms and bath; rents $353 per annum;
lot 2Sxl23 feet; n£&r Waller and Flll-
rcore eta.
MISSION COTTAGE.
ON INSTALLMENTS— PRICE $2000.
$300 cash — Balance small installments; Inter-
est 6 per cent; 4 rooms and bath and 6-
foot basement; lot 25x114 feeL'
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
CT8 Market at.
ALL OENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.'
Apply A. M. BPECK & CO.,. 667 Market. »t
J27yO— Two swell Mission flats; 6 rooms each
and stable; rents $20; mortgage $2300.'
$2800 — Sacramento st., east of Powell; rents
$26; one tenant 10 years.
$3500— Three nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission sts.; pays 10 per cent.
$5500— Corner 40x90, with good 10-room
house; Hyde Bt.
$T7SO — Splendid investment; near Van Ness
ave.; rents $81.
$9000— Three 3-room modern flats; rented low
$S5; near Leavenworth st.
$9500— Business property; Ninth Bt, near
MlFslon; rents $45.
$11,000 — Store and Z strictly modern fiats of
7 and 9 rooms; north of Market et.
$12,500— Leavenworth et; rents $105; lot 65-
foot front
$15,000— Grand corner business property; rents
$112; lot SSx9O feet.
$21.©0#— Eight errand - flats. S and 6 rooms;
near Jones st.; lot 75x137; pays 10 per cent.
$28,000— Business property of 4 - stores and S
fiats; rents* $250. . ¦
$38,000— Mi*slon-6t comer: 170x160; actually
worth $S5.000: must sell at once.
$49.000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents $240.
$55.000— Grand corner: 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheurn: pays 6 per cent net
$75.000— Grand corner; 60-foot front: within
block of Tirol!: old Improvements: reijts $400. -
Other bargain*.
Apply A. M. BPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
"~~ CITY LOTS.
- Five lots, corner Bronte and Jefferson sts.. 2
blocks from electric cars; rood marine view.
One lot In town of Amedee, La*sen County.
For sale cheap for cash. Call or address
W. A. JAMES, owner, care Smiths' Cash Btore.
$1300— CHEAPEST home In the city: to effect
qul<*k sale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street accepted
by city; cerr.rnt sidewalk; plank side en-
trance: t>art cash. Call Immediately on H.
W. DA VI8, 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
J4S0O— BROADWAY, north Bide; (rrand view;
cheapest rood lot on Paclflc Heights. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market ft. -. . :
I70&0 — 50x104 feet: 6 flats and rear house; rent
tee. Apply I«i7-*i Twenty-second st., rear, be-
tween • and 11 o'clock a. m.
:W7 WASHINGTON -ST. ' - ¦ > ¦-¦ :. -,
$4800; rnuet be nold en account of departure;
house cf 7 rooms and bath: lot 2Sxl2?:»H.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn, £J0 California.
IF you hav* lots to sell north of the" Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. C3Q California st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pares, sent to any eddresa In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
PTtage paid. • - ; - - ¦ - . - c - -
REALTY TO EXCHANGE, r?--; .
MARION GRIFFIN, '-vV-"''^^".
713 Market, near Call bldg. TM Black. TOS..
I have a long list of city and country. prop-
erty for sale and exchange. Please call.
HEAL ESTATE — COUXTIIV— For Sale
FOR Sale— A beautiful home of 11 acres, about ¦
half In bearing: fruit trees: modern house of
,-7 rooms; windmill and tankhouse, barn and '
:' chlcken-housef. etc.; about 800 chickens,
hcrfe and carriage, tools, etc.. Included; a
good income on the place; owner going to the
eld country: price ?43«>; terms to suit. Call
cv address MRS. L. JACOBSEN. Llvermore. 1
Cal. - _
ORANGE" LAND. ~
3*0 acres In Tulare County. 12 miles from
PortervHI*. partly- fenced: C-room house.-
S acres In Lok Angelea Co., near Pasadena.
W. A. JAMES, owner, care Smiths' Cash
Stoff.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market Kt.. near Call bldg.,
hns minted lifts farms in Sonoma, - Sharta.
Santa Clara. Santa Crua and other counties.-
FOR R»nt— Hnndy-sliija fruit and hay ranch;
near bay. Address box 311?, Call office.
WRITE J. W. HORN. SIS Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Eonoma Co. real estate- bargain*.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The, Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦ ¦ ¦ !___
MILL VALLEY REAL E3TAT13.
6 MONTHS cr more, residence 11 rooms, mod-
ern Improvements, stable, convenient to de-
pot, orchard ; also flat, 7 rooms, stable, large
grounds, conveniently locate* Apply P.
GARDNER. Mill Valley. Cal.- ¦ .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCfc-— 1119 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— 18 50 and upward per month; cot-
' tages and stores. With large lots; convenient
to cars. Tt. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. 4th
floor. Mills bldg., S. F., or 467 Ninth it.,
Oakland. - • . ¦,¦.,..
OAliLAM) KLU.MTUIIK KCft SALB.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tltt»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
11OOMS KOlt HOt'SEKEEl'lNO.
EDDY, 9S9— 5 large »well furnished connecting
rooms; private residence; no children.
FOL8OM. 776^ — 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekpg; *very convenience; reas.
GEART, 631— Furnished housekeeping rooms
with gas stove; rent reasonable. „ /
HOWARD. 170J— Nicely furnished, bay-window.
suited for light housekpg.; also single rooms.
JESRIE, 446, near Mint-2 furnished house-
keeping rooms. * .
KEAUNY, 215— Furnished front suite house-
keeping rooms; als* other small furn. room;
$1 50 to (C a week. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
OCTAVIA. 14C8. corner Geary — Large front
room; kitchen; complete; bay window; for 2;
10. ¦ ¦ ¦
POINT LOBOS ave.. 2120—2 and 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg roone; $10, $12; no children.
SECOND. 212 — Well furnished for housekeeping;
neat, clean and respectable; reasonable.
SIXTH. 136— Front suite, furnished for light
housekeeping; also other room*.'
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
TL'RIv,121l— Large front room for housekeeping,
unfurnished.
TWELFTH, 12— Furnished bedroom and kltch-
en for housekeeping; rent $S.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096
Valencia st. - • - •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch nfflc*. 2200 FlUmore.
j ROOMS TO LKT — I'nra. ttml llnfurn.
ARGYLE, The (Just opened), McAllister St.,
corner Larkln— Elegant and tastefully fur-
nished suites, with or without baths: also
single rooms; steam heated; liveried service;
reading-room; electric elevator all night;
these rooms have to be seen to be appre-
elated; references; rooms shown In evening.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; Jl 2S to *» per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. »64)-Fur-
nlthed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
$1 WEEK: larpre sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private; call by 8 p. m. 834 Folsom.
FRONT parlor and bedroom; comfortably fur-
nished: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $12;
near Sixteenth and Mission. Box 20S7. Call.
FULTON, E25 — Large furnished double. room;
bath; eultable for two.^ ¦ -
GEARY. 478— Alcove sulte\l!8 per month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, 6OUtlteast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, 72S, near Third— Large eunny front
room suitable for 2; reasonable; also room
$5 per month for gentleman; bath.
JONES. 1340—1 furnished room to let; $6.
LARKIN. Rl»— funny front room, suitable for
gentleman; gas, bath and phone: $7.
MARKET, 1035. over shoe store-Sunny fur-
nlshed rooms: transient; for gentlemen only.
MCALLISTER. 331— Upper part'houfce. 3 rocma
and alcove, unfurnished, J20; no children.
MINNA 172— Nicely furnished rooms, clean and
light; single and double; U 26 and $1 60.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished • rooms and
offices; elevator: elec Hunts; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 214 A— 2 sunny furnished rooms,
front and side; IS and U.
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished parlor, -*n
suite or single: Eras. bath, phone: 110 to 114.
O'FARRELL, 770— Handsomely furnished bacit
parlor and other rooms; running water; bath.
ROYAL House, 12S Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. S5c to U 60; week, $2 to
$3; month, it to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROEEDALE House, J19-321 Ellis it-Koom»,
night. 25c to tl: week, tl 26 to ?4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. »20tf— Changed hands; newly renD-
vated; single rooms, JS; suites, 112 to $25 mo.
THE • BERLIN, 288 Kearny— Elegant suites;
Finp1» rooms; running water; transient,
THIRD, 231, upstairs— Nice, sunny rooms, sln-
gle, at low rates. ' ' ¦
TWELFTH, 111— Large sunny room In private
family; suitable for couple; reasonable. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia «t. - * ' -' ¦ - ' '
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace'
Church, with annex tC7 California »t., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and tightly rooms at modest rates.
IXEGANTLT & newly furnished sunny apart-
• ments. with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 1K3'4 Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
land. top flocr. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First st. ¦ .: '¦¦¦¦¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, nent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. "-¦¦".
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By -young lady out all day, small
unfurnished room; $3 to »4. j Bfx 21 15.' Call. |
FURNISHED room; N. of Market: within 10
mln. of Call; gent; prl. family. Box 2120. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$150,000 TO loan on 1st mortgages; will loan on
SO per cent; easy payments; mutual plan.
; Apply M. J.. box 1476. Call office.-
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel.' 53S0. '-. ;
ROOMS papered from t* up;, city .or country.
Hartma.n Paint Co., 81S 3d St.: tel. Red 3521.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold end repairing. guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission; nr. 16th.
ALL kinds bought, told, rented; exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black Uti. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; 'needles' »nd
»huttl>»: reduced rntew. ¦ l«fi Cth: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS
SHOW cards, window tickets. ! - posters, i' DES-
-.. tlOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom ltti.
. - ¦ '•TRUSSES.,- ,\ ¦•¦V.'\
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
- cupportei s made, repaired. Menge, SOS Kearny.
THE public Is hereby warned not to purchase
certificates . of stock of the Stanley .Aerial
Navigation Company claimed to be owned by
the following named persons, as their right
to dispose of the pame is contested: .
W. T. Harper, certificate No. 104, 4000 shares.
B. F. Kreiger. certificate No. 105. 4000 shares.
R. Bennett, certificate No. 53. 7162 shares.
II. H Relgle, certificate No. 83, 7162 shares.
E. L Snell. certificate No. S9. 7162. shares.
J. J. Burt, certificates aggregating 7162 shaws.
Cress Unger, certificates ¦ aggregating 7162
shares
F. H. Lawn, certificates aggregating 2340
shares.
13. B. Rabb, certificates aggregating 2194
shnres.
E. B. Babb, certificates aggregating 2»*
shnres.
A. H. Plenenberg, certificates aggregating
SrtOO shares. CHARLES STANLEY,
President Stanley Aerial Navigation Company.
LEGAL ADVEnTISEMElfrS.
rector*. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Offlce of secretary. 327 Market St.. In the city
and county of San Francisco, j State of Cal-
. Ifomla. . " - '
Any stock upon whl:h this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March, 1901,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public . auction, and unless payment is made
before will be sold on Thursday, the 11th day
of April, 1901, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCKANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY— Location
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of Ean Francisco, State of California. .
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the board of directors ol eald company, held
on -the 19th day of February, 1901. an. assess-
ment of ten dollars ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation.- pay-
able Immediately to the secretary at the office
of said corporation, No. 327 Market St., In the
city ! and county of Sari Francisco, State of
California. •
China, aged 35 years.
WYNNE— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
the isle William .Wynne, at the Church of St.
Charles Borroraeo, Eishteenth and Shotwell
street" to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited.
WURTZ (nfe Mermet)— In this city. March. 2.
18C1 Gertrude Wurtz. twloved wife of Louts
- Wurtz and mother of John B. Hymles, a na-
tive of France, aged 49 years.
irTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius 8. Godcau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Pame rfc-p Victolren Krencli
" Church where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
repldencp. 722 Ellis street.
TUCKSEN— In Mount Eden, March 5, 1901.
Maria Paulina, beloved wife of J. P. Tuck-
" sen ar.d mother of Martin and Jennie Tuck-
*en and Mrs. Mary Hennlngsen. a native of
Germany, aced 60 years and 8 months.
ry Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday March 8, -at ! o'clock, at her late
residence, (hence to' Union Church. Mount
Eden. Interment Mount Eden Cemetery. •
WENBAN— In this city. March 4., 1901. Simeon
Wenban, beloved husband ot Carrie. \\ en ban,
father of Mrs. W. O. Mills and Mrs. W. P.
Shaw,- and grandfather of Mrs. .Walter
Matpe. Miss Ethel Dean. Miss Carrie Mills
and Simeon W. Mills, a native of Kent. Eng-
land, ased 78 years.
ryrhe- funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his law
mldence. 1920 Van Ness avenue. Interment
private. - Please omit flowers. . t •'
WONG NUBY-ln the City and County Hospi-
tal March 5. 1301. . Wong Nuey. a native of
RYAN— In this city, March 4, 1901. John M.
Ryan, beloved son of Lawrence and Annie
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 2 months.-.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence,— 1017 Buchanan street, thence to
Holy Cross Church. Eddy street, between
Scott and Devlsadero. where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city. March 4. 1901, Martha
Schultz, dearly . beloved wife of Harry
Schultz, beloved daughter of. Jacob and Mar-
tha Rhodes, sister of Mrs. C. Bills and Mrs.
M. Browning, .and aunt of C. N. Bills and
L. D. Browning, a native of Poughkeepsle.
N. Y. (Poughkeepsle, N. Y., papers please
cony.) .. '
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S20 Filbert Street, between Octavla
and Laguna. Interment private.
SETTERQUIST— In Vallejo. March 4. 1901,
Albin, beloved husbands of Ida ' Setterqulst.
and father of Oscar Setterquist. a native of
Sweden, aged 42 year* and 11 months.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from his
late residence, 826 Capitol meet, Vallejo,
this day, (Wednesday), ¦¦ at 2 o'clock.' Inter-
ment Masonic and Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SHIELDS— In this city. March 4. 1901. Corporal
Thomas M. Shields, beloved husband of Mag-
Kle Shields, and father of Man'. Virginia,
Josephine Kelton. Garrison Caprcn and Laura
Shields, a. nntlve of New York. • aired 3S
years 5 months and 12 days. (San Diego,
Cal.. and New York papers please copy.)
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 10. at I o'clock, from the parlors of
J S. Godeau. 305 Monturomery avenue, thence
to Presidio Catholic Church, where a high
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul. Interment National Ceme-
tery. •
THOMPSON— In this city. March 4, 1901. Rob-
ert Thompson, beloved brother of Gertrude.
Lillian nnd Thomas Thompson and Mrs. J.
A. Magee. a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years and 10 months. .
CTThe funeral will take place this day
("Wednesday), at 11 o'clock. ' from his late
(C7"Xotlce of funeral* hereaf ter.-»— -
MARTIN-In thfs city. March 5. 1901. Carlyle
Sweet s Martln. Infant son of Charles M. and
Llla Sweet Martin, aged 1 month.
O'NEIL— In this city. March 9'. 1901. Patrick
.O'Nell, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, ased \77 years.
REARDON— In this city, March 5, 1901. M.
• Florence, beloved daughter of Nell and Annie
8. Reardon. and granddaughter of Mrs.
Henry Slmcock. a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 yearJ S months and 2 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. •
REUD— In this city, March 4. 1901, Thomas
Reed, beloved husband of Ellen Reed, and
rather of Mrs. R. McQlynn and Ella Wil-
liams and John and Christopher Reed, a na-
tive of New York, aged 72 years 6 months
and 2S days.
¦ tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, under the auspices
of Winnomucca Tribe No. 61, Imp. O. R. M.,
from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains at
James Hasan's undertaking parlors. 44o \a.-
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrt)w
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 403
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
ECKEL— In this city, March 6, 190L Dr. John
Nicolas Eckel, a native of • Kalserslautern,
Bavaria. (Syracuse, N. Y., and Boston,
Mass., papers please copy.)
FAULL— In this city, March 4. 1901. John A.
Faull, father of John, Henry, Mary and
SoDhle Faull and Mrs. R. Wayman. a .na-
tive of England, aged 63 years & months and
2 days/ • ¦ »
ICTThe funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
. residence of her daughter, Mrs. W. O. Way-
man, 1*28 Vallejo street. Interment private.
HAWKINS— In Baden. March 6, 1901, Harris-
son Mills Hawkins, beloved husband of Pheve
Hawkins.- and father of Mrs. Dora E. Rol-
lins, a native of Orange County, New York,
aged 60 years. • t -
HEARN— In this city. March 5. 1901. Bartholo-
mew Hearn. a native of Ireland, a<ied • 81
years. ' •
McKEOWN— In this elty, March 5. 1901, Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved husband of Margaret
McKeown. loving father of Roy McKeown.
beloved son of Mary J. and the late William
McKeown. and brother of Richard and. Min-
nie McKeown. Mrs. W. Francis and the late
Thomas McKeown, a native of Belfast, Ire-
land, aged 30 yeara.10 mfcnths and 6 days. A
member of Court Seal, Rock NO. 45. F. of A-
ASHEIt-In Lower Lake. Cal.. March 4, 1901.
Mark, beloved husband of , the late Hannah
Asher, and ' father of Samuel and Thereba
Aeher and Levin. Ray and Charles Barnett,
a native of Germany, aged 63 years. .
CTThe funeral services of Mark Apher.
P. G., will be held at I. O. O. F. Hall.
Seventh and Market streets, to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
'of the Veteran Odd Fellows. Members of the
order and friends are invited to be present.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. .
BARROS— In the City and County Hospital.
March 8. 1901, Rocco Barros. a native of
Cape Verde Islands, aged 42 years.
BRAND— In this city, March 5, 1901, Charles
Brand, a native of Canada, aged 23 years.
BRYANT— In this city. March 5; 1901. Evelyn.
' 3 beloved dauehter of Catherine and Henry
Bryant, and Bister of > Harry. Lottie and
Frank Bryant, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
aged JO" years 4 months and 17 days.
C7 Remains at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
CROWELL— In Nyack. N. Y.. "February 14.
1301. Mrs. Abble Crowell. wife of the Rev.
E. Crowell, and mother of Martin L. Cro-
- well -of San Francisco.
DE BAR— In this city. March 5. 1901, Kok de
Bar, • a native of Alsace, Germany, ajted M
years. • \
E7Frlend» and acQualntaiices are respect-
<; fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at- 2 o'clock, from the parlcrs
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street. Intermont Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DE LA MONTANYA-In Oakland. March C,
1301, Archie, dearly beloved son of Mathew
and Emma de la Montanya Jr. brot'ier of
Harry. Ethel and Widbur de la Montanya,
and grandson "of Harry N. and Virginia E.
Morse, a nattve of Oakland, aged IS years 4
months and 6 days. .
DICKINSON— In this city. March 5. 1901, John
J. Dickinson, husband of the late Susan D.
I Dickinson, and father of Mrs. Cora Dickin-
son (Fuller) and Frank Dickinson of Napa,
a native of Philadelphia, ased 74 years. A
member of St. Helena Lodge No. 167. I. O.
O. F.
chle Khieldn. Corr<. T. M.
Dickinson. Jolm J. Thompson, Robert
Eckel.' Dr. John N. - Tucksen. Maria P.
Faull. John A. Wenban. Simeon
Hawkins. Harrlsson Wong Nuey:
Hearn. Bartholomew Wurtz, Gertrude
McKeown, Wm. J. . Wynne, "William
DIED.
Asher. Mark • 'Martin. Carlyle S.
Barros, Rocco O'Nell. Patrick
Brand. Charles Reardon. M. Florenc*
Bryant, Evelyn ' : Reed, Thomas •
Crowell. Mrs. Abble Ryan. John M.
Da Bar. Kok Schultz. Martha
D« la Montanya, Ar- FetterqulKt. Albln
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
I3EKIXS Van and Stcnre Co.. 7*2 Mission «.;
tel. Mnfh 1M0: »hlr'Pinjr at cut rates. -
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. \V. ZEHFUSS.
PlEItCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 6713.
STORAGE AM) ' \7XP.Ti HOUSES.
•I Vl'KWKlTKHS AM) SUIMMJCS.
•SUKAT^BARGAINS IN TYpliwRITER^wi
pell better machines for less money than any
liou^e In the city: rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Kxchanc. K3fi California: t«>ler>hnri«» Main *56.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
¦ pany/(con.) — A dividend. No. 27, of sevrnty-
- five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stack of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of tn« company. 430
California tt:. San Francisco, on March 11.
1901.' Transfer books close March 4, 1901. at
noon. JULIAN SONNTAQ. secretary pro tern.Shriners.
We would. advise our visiting Shrlners
not to fail to see the Diamond Palace, the
grandest jewelry store in the world. 221
Montgomery street. ¦ •
flannel Jumper with letters "L. O." worked
white thread inside of neck band.
The Kasoline schooner Jennie Griffln ar
rived from Bollnas Bay yesterday aXter
noon. AVhile passing- Point Diablo the
crew sighted a body going: out with tho
tide. The current was running so fast
that no attempt could be made to secure
It. The body was only partially dressed
and the captain of the Jennie Griffln
thinks it is the remains of one of the un
fortunates who went down with the Rio
de Janeiro.
knowledge of distress signals.
With reference to his escape from
the wreck Holland said he got into a
boat about six or seven minutes after th?
Rio struck. He had Mr. Carpenter and
another passenger in the boat with him.
His boat had not been lashed and had no
covers, but the other boats were ifast am.
covered. The Bteamer went down about
thre« or four minutes after he and those
with him got into the boat alongside.
Then the rnizzen topmast' came down anj
cut his boat In two. When he came to the
surface he caught hold of some wreckage
and afterward got UDon a life raft, on
which were a lot of Chinamen and two
or three white peoule. A fishing boat
came un shortly afterward and , took oft
the witness and the white -passengers,
one of whom was Russell Harper, who
hnd been severely injured.
H. Donahue, steerage steward of the
Rio. testified that while he was acquaint
ed with the fire drill signal he was Ignor
ant of the nature, of dls-tress Eignals. As
soon as the steamer struck some- short
whistles were. sounded In 'rapid succession
and after that the whistle was blown con
tinuously. In. ten minutes after the ves
sel struck she went drwn.
Dr. A. O. O'Neill, the RIo's. surgeon,
said that he was awakened by the shock
of the rteamer going on the rocks: at -5.25
a. m. Two or three minutes ¦ after th*
vessel struck he heard a long blast of her
whistle. This was followed by a. continu-'
ous blast, which lasted without cessation
until the steamer sank. The dast. blast
was of about four minutes' duration, from
the time he walked frcm his room, half
the length of the vessel, to his boat. ¦¦.
Daniel Lane, water tender of, the Ric,
corroborated .the statements of the pre
ceding witnesses as to the blowing of tho
whistles. The last and continuous blast
was of four or five minutes' duration.
The Investigation will be resumed at 9
a. m. to-day, when the life-saving sta
tion people -will be examined. * *.
DEFENDS CAPTAIN WARD.
Witness Says He "Objected to Going
In Until . Fog Lifted. ; '
Another witness came forward yester
day to prove that Captain Ward of the ill
fated steamship Rio ;de Janeiro .was a
careful and prudent man.' "The" testimony
given Monday by Freight; Clerk George
Engelhardt at , the investigation now on
before the Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers,
to the effect that hours before the
steamer sank Captain Ward had stated
that he would- rema4n « outside a , week
rather than risk taking his ship through
the Gate in the dense fog. was partly cor
roborated yesterday. William Brander
Jr. a passenger who survived -the wreck,
testified that Captain i .Ward had made
practically the same assertion to him that
he made to Englehardt. .
This was the only Important testimony
brought out • at the - investigation yester
day. - Pilot Jordan was a witness, but he
threw no further light. on' the subject. •
- Brander was the first witness called.
He told the same story of incidents be
fore and after the loss of the ship ! al
ready published. He said he had no idea
of the ship sinking or that there was any
danger. ¦ He" testified , that his ' watch
stepped at 5:39 o'clock and had been set
by him by San Francisco time the night
before. He thought the ship sank ten
minutes after she struck. He also volun
teered that he had read the account of
the testimony given by Mr. Engelhardt
and It .reminded him of a similar conver
sation he had with the captain. When
ask od what that conversation was, Bran
der stated that' Ward said he was not go
ing in because the weather was too foggy,
but Jordan wanted to go in. Ward told
him, he said, that there would be no ad
vantage in making the attempt to go in
until : the fog lifted, but he might take
them in by daybreak. » :
Brander said he was asleep when the
crash came and he got out only five min
utes before the ship sank. He was saved
by a life preserver, which he adjusted Just
before the Rio went down. He also tes
tified that the whistle of the Rio blew con
tinuously while he was on deck.
Graham Coghlan,: second officer of .the
.Rio. was, .called. His testimony was
technical and nautical. He gave the in
spectors a correct account , of: the course
taken by, the ship before she struck. After
picking up the anchor, he said, the first
course was N.— NE.'by N. The deviation
of the compass was NE. At 5:19 the
course was altered one-half point to star
:beard..making.the course NE., Vfc N. This
order was almost immediately followed by
one of NE. by N.: then again starboard
one-half I point. This order was quickly
followed by an order to starboard. '.The
ship then struck.- These. orders, the.wit
ness said, were delivered within the space
of three minutes. • ¦ Coghlan said he could
not. see the quartermaster at "the wheel,
but the last named was following 'out- his
instructions • as he repeated back each or
der. Coghlan. further said. that after the
first order was made the Fort Point-light
was sighted.ln the fog. ¦ It seemed direct
ly over them when, the vessel struck. .He
said they were so close to the light that
he could see the structure of I the . light
house, even with the light in his eyes.
-. Pilot Jordan was the last witness. Be
fore he could be questioned. Attorney Mc-
Allister, who represents the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, asked to be allowed
to introduce certain papers. .His request
was denied. Inspector Bolger Informed
the pilot that he was not on trial.. but had
been simply called, as j a- witness ¦ and he
was under the control of the State Pilot
Commissioners and was ; subject to ' their
Investigation and Judgment.
I Jordan said he tried I to Impress the of
ficers that the Rio was sinking. Hut: with
the'excentlon of Captain Ward. they. did
not think so. He said -the crew made
every effort to get the boats away, but. he
did not see many officers around.
i An adjournment was then taken until
1- o'clock to-day. ¦ ... ./. ;.».•-.
BODY STILL XTNIDENTIFIED.
The remains -of the white, man found
floating In the.bay. at El Campo ¦ on Mon
day, and thought. tobe those of a victim
of* the Rio de Janeiro disaster, are still at
the San Rafael Morgue * awaiting identi
fication. Coroner Eden will . be ¦ compelled
to bury the body unless it is
claimed, as decomposition has set in.
' .Following is a description of the. cloth-
Ing found on the body: .
-White sweater with dark wrist bonds sewed
on; Iettem'.'X. 'O."j embroidered on":front ; of
sweater, each letter more; than an inch long;
while woollen undershirt with letters "L.. O."
embroidered In red on right breast; brown
WHEN THB JAPANESE DIVERS SWEPT A WIDE PORTION OF THE GOLD
EN GATE YESTERDAY WITH DRAG APPARATUS TO LOCATE WRECK
OF THE RIO t>E JANEIRO.
most valuable aid in the search for the
lost Rio. and yesterday afternoon he sug
gested that the drag rope be again used,
and If it caught in the wreck of the ves
sel, that a dlvor be sent down on an an
chor to a aepth of, fifteen fathoms right
over the spot. The draK rope was put out
as in the morning, but the ebb tide was
too strong for successfrl work.
The launches were obliged to work out
of the current rnd in doing so one of the
propellers of a launch was caught In the
drag rope. J. Seko, one of the Japanese,
went down without a diving suit- in order
to cut the rope which had wound around
the propeller, and he remained under water
for Intervals of two minutes. Finally
Watanabe, the diver who had gone down
during the. day at Fort Point, donned ills
suit and- in a few minutes had the ob
struction on the propeller cleared away.
In the afternoon, when the divers were
busy, hundreds of people lined Bakers
Beach and the shore bluffs and watched
the Interesting work of those searching
for the bones of the lost ship.
RIO'S DISTKESS WHISTLES.
Witnesses Testify They Were Sounded
After Vessel Struck.
Major Thomas J. Blakeney, superin
tendent of the Twelfth Life Saving Dis
trict, resumed his investigation- at 9:20
o'clock yesterday morning into the al
leged misconduct and inefficiency, of the
members of. the life saving stations from
Fort Point to Bakers Beach on the occa
sion of the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro
on the morning of February 22. Pilot
Frederick Jordan, C. J. Holland, third
officer; H. Donohue. steerage steward,
and Dr. Artuhr O. O'Neill, the ship's sur
geon, were the witnesses examined. All
swore positively that ¦when the' Rio
struck on the rocks the whistles blew
three or four short blasts, followed by a
blast that lasted until the ship -went
down, a period of time variously estimat
ed by the witnesses as ranging from three
to five minutes. 'The witnesses agreed
also In saying that the whistles of the
Rio were more than ordinarily. loud and
strong.
In eliciting these two material facts
Major Blakeney proved that proper sig
nals of distress were made by the Rio.
and that those signals were unheeded and
Ignored by the members of the life sav
ing station.
Pilot Jordan retold the old story of the
wreck, and his experience.
Major Blakeney was very searching in
his crops-examination and proDed Into
the matter of the divided responsibility
for the loss of life In the wreck.
The witness asseverated that the -pilot
does not supersede the captain. He is
an assistant of the captain in the navi
gation of the vessel. He is employed
because of his local knowledge. Jordan
did not know at the time of the wreck
that a freshet was running out ¦ of the
rivers emptying Into the bay, but he
learned of that fact later.
"Do you consider - it perfectly safe to
bring In a vessel In a fog as dense as
that of the morning of the wreck of the
Rio de Janeiro?" asked Major Blakehey.
"Yes,' sir, it Is safe. I have .- done - so
hundreds of times, but K is never per
fectly safe to run In a fop even in the
open sea. I had no thought of running
upon a rock or on the land; the only dan
ger would be oi a collision with other
boats or. fishing smacks going out on the
ebb tide."
"Was it not the Instruction of. the Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company not to
bring In vessels In a fog?" • .
"Not to me. I knew that such Instruc
tions had been Issued to the captains,
however."
C. J. Holland, third officer of the Rio.
described how the danger signals were
given on the occasion of the wreck: Im
mediately after the vessel struck, a blast
was blown on the whistle continuously
for twenty-five or thirty seconds. ¦ Then
two short blast* were blown as the signal
to abandon the ship. 'After • that the
whistles were blown continuously until
the ship went down. The witness, ad
mitted that he did not understand what
the International danger signal > was, and
added that when he received. his license
he was examined as to his knowledge of
the rules of the road, but not as to his
The location was at once noticed in the
chart, and It was found that the two
launches' and the line of the drag rope
were in a radius where the water was
from twenty-nine to forty-three fathoms
in depth. The spot was just a mile from
Point Diablo and about one and an eighth
mile from Fort Point.
In about ten minutes the taut line be
came slack again and the launches came
together. It being hoped that a diver
could go down at the spot where the rope
caught.
At 'this time the tide was about to
change and suddenly, from below the
surface of the water, a large piece of
wreckage came to the surface. It waa
about six feet long and two feet wide
and was ttalnted a dark green color.
The seats and ventilators of the Rio were
of this color and the wreckage was
thought to be part of her deck construc
tion. One of the launches went after the
wreckage and took It aboard. The gen
eral decision of the Japanese divers and
all on board the launches was that the
drag rope had caught In the top masts
of the Rio. That the ship was at the
spot where the rope caught was verified,
so they believe, when the wreckage came
to the surface.
Caught in Deep Water.
It was absolutely Impossible for the
twenty-one fathom depth of the rope to
have caught in anything but the top
masts of the Rio in depths of water run
ning from thirty to forty, fathoms. At
these depths the drag rope and its at
tached weights would. It is believed, have
floated clear of any other obstruction.
When the tide changed the drag rope
was hauled in and the divers proceeded
to a spot just off Fort Point. It was
thought that some bodies of the passen
gers or crew of the Rio might be wedged
in the rocks there, and a diver went down
to make a search. The ebb tide was too
strong to allow the. man to remain below
and he was forced to come to the surface.
K. I. Okada. editor of the San Francisco
Journal, a Japanese publication, has lent
For mor* than an hour the launches
and careful watch was kept on
t'-e boating keg? and the ropes running
fr<".rn the anchor bits of the launches. Not
a s ; gn wap developed to chow that the
rtmjr rop<? had caught until the launch
en the Marin side of the Golden Gate was
almost up to Point Diablo. The other
!aur.<-h at that time was fullv a third of
a mile away and the lire of floating kegs
wraa drawn out In a Flight «=eml-circle.
Suddenly the launch on the Marin County
Fide of the Golden Gate was almost
drawn under water by the tightening of
the line of the drag rope fastened to her
bits. The launch was drawn on her side
and it was l>ar<*<1 that at any second the
rop*> would orr>ak. The position of the
!?unch was r.mirod by these in the other
irrar.ch and at the same time the line of
krtrF was noticed to lie drawn taut.
Those on the launch^ near the Marin
Fhore pu!Ie<! at the taut rope and found
It vrzs as fast as if anchored to a rock.
Hope Suddenly Catches.
THE wreck of. the steamship Rio de
Janeiro probably lies In about
thirty-five fathoms . of water in
the channel of the Golden -Gate,
one mile and an eigrbth "W.N.W.
of Fnrt Point rocks and one mile S.S.W.
of Point Diablo.
Tfc* submerped pepulcher of the victims
rf the rariy morning disaster of February
71 va« Fcarohr d for yesterday by the rep
resentaHyea of The Call and the Japanese
divers of th«» -firm of T. Mori & Co. ¦
With the same heartless spirit in which
the Name was placed on the shoulders of
Cnr'a'n Ward by the Pacific Mail Com
pany a few hours after his ehip was lost.
»!1 p^arch ¦ for the wreck and the bodies
cf thnre !t held wa? abandoned by the
company last Saturday. !\*ot a sounding
J^a*! has» been dropped since Saturday by
er<y person acting under instructions from
the Pacific Mall Company.
Since Friday the Japanese divers and
representatives of The Call have worked
to locate the hull of the wrecked steam
ship. Forty-two descents were made by
the divers on Saturday and Sunday, the
men staying: below water from three mln
utcF to three-quarters of an hour In
depths of water ranging from nine to
twenty-four fathoms.
A novel plan of dragging for the wTeck
was 'j?ed yesterday and in less than two
hours the frraveyard of the Rio de Ja
neiro, it is believed, was definitely located.
Early yesterday morning when the flood
tide was running into the bay two gaso
line launches proceeded with the divers
and representatives cl The Call to Mil*
Rocks. One of the launches had the big
fishing boat the divers used on Sunday in
tow.
Apparatus Was Simple.
The drapprins apparatus was pimple, yet
mofi <-!T>ctlve. It c-nsisted of 1800 feet
<{ half-inch rope, well shrunk, to which
heps were attached at regular Intervals
to sustain the rope in the water.
The lines running tu-m the ISOO-foot rope
¦to the kegs were from sixteen to twenty
ore fathoms in lengtn and at the end of
each supporting line, where it was
fastened to the rope, was another fathom
line carrying a ten-pound weijrht.
When the launches reached Mile Rock
the drag rope and kegs were thrown
overboard and the launches spread out
at the ar.gles of a V.
One launch proceeded from Mile Rock
In a ptraljrht line toward Point Bonita
while the other launch drifted in the flood
tide into the cove of Bakers Beach.
I- ten minutes the novel sight of the
gigantic drag spread out over a distance
<-f nearly a third of a mile was witnessed.
The idea was used most successfully in
Japan in locating a sunken vessel In the
Inland Sea and the div&rs had every
faith in the arrangement.
If. in <JrapRin£T in a depth of from six
teen to twenty-one fathoms, the line
caught, the divers were sure that the ob
struction would be the wreck of the Rio
de Janeiro and that they would be able
to reach it in their living apparatus, if
The drag rope caught In a depth of more
than twenty-one fathoms It would prove,
they said, that the rope had caught in
the rigging or masts of the ship.
' Slowly, on the flood tide, the two
launches with the drag rope suspended
between them swept a wide stretch of
the Golden Gate. The operations were
•watched with Interest from the shore and
raising phips and the captains of two
vc?s=els which passotl in changed their
course <n order not to interfere with the
cperations.
PROBABILITY THAT WRECKED STEAMSHIP RIO DE JANEIRO
IS LYING FATHOMS DEEP IN MID-CHANNEL IS SHOWN BY
USE OF A GIGANTIC DRAG-ROPE BY THE CALL'S DIVERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAKCH <5, rJUl.
12
¦h fifoant
JLJ JLJJLJ \A illi JL
notiTthe lowWices.
GENUINE FRENCH POPLINS, width 43 inches,
in a most complete line of new sDrinu
shad8Sl Price $1.00 Yard.
GENUINE ENGLISH WHIPCORDS, 46 Inches
in width, 12 different shades,
Price $1.00 Yard.
FOULE TAILOR SDITINGS-A full variety of
all the new mixtures and all summer
weight. _ .
FRENCH-WOOL CREPE de CHENE, in shades
of Red, Blue, Gray, Rose and Reseda,
H Price $1.00 Yard.
ENGLISH SATIN VENETIAN, full 52 inches
wide, in the following new shades: Modes,
Graus, Greens, Rose, Garnet and Blues.
Price $1.25 Yard.
FRENCH SATIN VENETIAN, high Panne
finish, full 48 inches in width, in everu
desirable spring shade,
i-rice fri.pu Yara.
iVOTJE 1 ;— Oup complete imrortation of NEW
WASH SILKS for spring have been re-
ceived. Theu come in all the leading
_, shades, also Pure White.
III m f!5 117 IIO 19! PO^T
ADVEHTISEMZirrs.
Stttdebaker BBQ& Meg. Cg
CHANCE Of 7 FIRM.
The San Francisco Branch of STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO. will be. raeoeMed
STUDEBAKBR BROS. CO. of California,
A Local Company With Local Management.
To prepare for this change, we reduce price on every vehicle in a stock aaountln* to
1100,000. . . - ¦¦; ¦¦¦¦
All Pneumatic Rubber Tire and Solid Rubber Tire Runabout TVasrons reduced TEN PER
CENT.
All Surreys. Phaetons. Carriages. Basket Beat Novelties, and th« entlrw Iln. of navr 1901
styles reduced FIFTEEN PER CENT.
Spring Wagons, Delivery Wagons and Mountain "Wagons reduced b'Ufl'iSEX PER CENT.
One hundred Vehicles, comprising different styles, are reduced from TWENTY TO
THIRTY PER CENT, all being at cost of manufacture with the freight added, and many
of them at less than first cost.
Four hundred sets of Harness, both Single and Doable Harness, reduced TWEKTT-
FIVE PER CENT.
Twenty fine vehicles. Including Victorias, Cabriolets. Broughams, Four-Passenger Travs
and Coach Gear Park Wagons are reduced about FORTY PER CENT, making the price*, leu
than the original cost of manufacture.
Every vehicle we own Included In the reduction; none are exempted.
Each vehicle plainly tagged, showing: old and new prices In each Instance.
An opportunity of THIS KIND to buy fine vehicles of .a reliable firm haa never befor*
been offered In this city.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.,
L. F. WEAVER, Manager. Market and Tenth Streets.
¦when we •were boys and girls.
You can never appreciate just
how much bitter a perfect crust
makes the ph until you have
once laid aside hog fat long
enough to try WHITE COT-
TOLENE. Being: a tasteless,
odorless and neutral vegetable
product, it is the best shorten-
ing and frying medium.
r£S2225* Tfce JULFalrbank Company,
»h !~§5i% . Cfc^SO-Sola Manufacturers.
¦fbfSfffiwi : F5FF' Our dainty booklet,
TnZ^J^hiL. 'ALL- "a Public Secret."
gjK&jj^KRfiH mailed free to any addms.
{^i.*V*/*r?i Kor two 2c Etamr» we will
r*. J c*-*r.5 ; {^^ ' " r<^ Jrt "' cur lti-page rec!p«
fi" : ti^?53V^y bock. "Hnm» Ht!ps." f-dlted
1 *^ by Mr». Rorer.
P. S.-No Hog Fat in COTTOLENB
White
Cottolene
like Grandmother used to make
will mean more to the coming
generation than it does to us
even, because people didn't have
Pie
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RRLrABLE OLD
J. 6peclallstcMre.Blood Poison, (Jonorrhcea.Oleet,
Hlrlcture. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Ttook on Diseases of Men, free.
Over20y ears'experience.Termn reasonable. Hour^,
9 to3dally; 8:30 to 3. 30 ev-gs. Sandays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. CalToraddresa
P. RO8€OB JIcM'LTY, SI. D.
SOii Kearny Hr.. San FrsnclHco. Cel-
#fel BIO A Laflln & Rand Waterproof
I "i lAI^ 1 Smokeless Powder, In bulk
B_H ¦ IM and loaded In shells. Send
BIB IWl H for catalogue of !>pcrtinif
UUIbW roods. GEO. W. SIIItEVE.
i-SfeT^ " ™ " 7» Market st.
n I XT ' n fill I I Corner Fourth ana
ft L U I I V A I Market. S. F. Try
Itlrr nlllul our »»«el*l Brew.
valUea cnecKed ire*
-RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden Gats are..
Ban Francisco, Cal.
Chlnesa physician, was called, and with on«
dose of his tea stopped the How of blood, there-
by saving: r.iy life, as I had been given up by
my white physician, as well as by all my
friends. Was unconscious four weeks, but by Dr.
Wong Woo's wonderful skill he saved my ]tf»
from this most fatal of all fevers. Although I
was confined to my bed three months, was
able to resume my vocation In six months
from the time I went to bed, and now I
weigh 203 pounds, more than I bad aver at*
talned previously. I would cheerfully recom-
mend Dr. Won* .Woo to any one In need of »
first-class physician for any cause whatsoever.
DR. W0NO WOO TEA AND HERB SAKITA&IUX.
76i-76a CLAY STREET.
/T"5v k San Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
E&^^j To all whom It may conc?m:
,f f la December. 1S99. I wat tak-
¦isft en »!ck with Black Typhoid
Bj ¦ Fever, the most virulent typ«
had hemcrrhagss. both na.<al
~*J3mc& »3.f and Intestinal, eight of th»
%tt«;.\ w Utter occurrlr.i? in one day.
fgJVuHsi^^* Dr. Wong Woo. the eminent
©lEECE'S
&*&? FAVORITE
pSCRIFHOM
JBL FORWEAR WOMEN.
fSh CHICMCVTER'S ENGLISH
Pehhyroval, pjlis
B ~<rV~V Oristaal and Only 6e»lM. .
P/TSJ^Xginj, a !••*»» r»:utii«. I>a<ll0«. it Drarrlrt
> fi C&& ** CIUCHESTElfS KNGLLSII
faSi&zfy ->%\ la KE1> *3'i Ho\d met»;:i« bau*. if>tl
*W — r»V 'd «ith h:a« ribbon. Take no other. Refmo
T*\ «** »Ka Dnnrm w«b«(it«Uon« and Inalts-
I " / ~ (If tlon ¦>. B'i/ of your Dragglsc or wrwt 4«. ta
i W uT mnri Ibr i'artlculur*. Tr«tlmonl»lo
\ V* f? •«<! "Relief for Ladle*.* i» Utttr, tj re*
\~ v .//. torn MalL 1 <>.««•« Tentimealslt. gold by
x 1 an Drucg'.x*. Chleaecter Cheialeal Co-
llaoCoo iHMp.i»r. MadlaoB «qu»pt, IMUJLA^ VJL,
'Phone Howard 1021.
B3 RA im KK i HSR w JfSSo^ h
119 TAYLOR STREET.
COMPARE CASH PRICES
DHTTCD Point Reyes or Hum- fin-
dUI Itn boldt: square : Zou
¦'.**** " ", *" Fancy creamery; res'- ww
ular size..; Best value in town.. See and
snmple at store.:
COOKING BUTTER! SQUARE 22»4c
BAKING POWDERS^ 25c
! Purest and best made. Uniform and re-
liable. -Limit 3 tins., .
NEW ORANGE MARMALADE lOc
FLAKED RICE : ai^ : . :s£ -.l5c
Reaulres no cooking.
,-: ; 40c VANILA OR LEMON 25c
WALNUTS e^^---- 10c
" HLI «y. | V. Fancy Los Nletos; IUU
6 pounds limit.
CHAMPION CRACKERS lOc POUND.
PINEAPPLE '¦'& p z%?£:%z. 15c
r'lVr" 111 " 1 " Cubes, packed l «»»
where gTown. ;Llmlt 10 tins.' ';
GRAIN-O PACKAGE 15 C .
hVOTCDO Baltimore Cove; 3 tins. 1 OCa
Ilia I Cno 12^ c slze - *>r;-f ?:.-¦-, /hn
v ' u • •"! ,'" Wednesday. : *¦ "«
:• ARMOUR'S BEEP TABLETS 25c.
nnnkl •' "Pennant" brand ; . tin. .... .-. i f» _
llUKn Natural sweet. Jl|n
UUIIIl DoZ en J1.15. »U«
PABST MALT -DOZEN 82.25.'
nnCCCC Java and Mocha CO-.
Illlrrtt "Broken:" 3 pounds...... Jl lift
•"".' ' * Ul " ; Standing special. Ex- """
ceptional 1 value, , .-.¦¦
BEST DRY APRICOTS, 3 POUNDS 25e
JESS|M00RES^:.65c
brand in stock.
,, CODFISH, 3 PACKAGES 25c.
pi. niin 'Entire wheat or graham; in.
rLUUn sack — —ISC
PINK BEANS, 7 POUNDS 25c.
; ;'¦ ORDERS CALLED FOR.
Weak Men and Women
'C-HpULP USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Mexican remedy; gives health and
etrength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAUNT AND WASHINGTON 1 STS.— RE- C
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A 1
CO. European plan. Itooms, SOc to ft 50 day;
Ji to $-i week; Jj to SCO month. Free batha; hot
ond cold water every room: flre grate* In every
room; elevator runs all Bight.
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IN THB VAULTS OF THB
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST 85.OO PER YEAR
Corner California and Montgomery Streets,
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
• (And Upward).
"WHY THEN "WORRTT OVER THB SAFB
KEEPING OP TOUR VALUABLES
ADVEBT1SEXENTS.
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
'¦:¦:'•/: mouse.
We have proved by our 20 PER
CENT DISCOUNT SAL.E our
prices were right at all times.
Before purchasing elsewhere it
will be to your advantage to pay
us a visit. We can furnish your
house completely. •
Bargains in every department.
CASH OR CREDIT.
10 PER CENT OFF FOR CASH. .
Everything marked in plain fig-
ures. • •
KRAGEN FURNITUREGQ.,
1015-1017 Market St.,
Tel. South 371. Opposite Taylor.
SC T^^^J^^mfmrt^^^r 1 13ti 5 Pjaj^^^j^y^^T^T^j^