Awarding by Circuit Court of Galifornia and Nevada
Bonds to Charles H. Smith ileans That Big Line
Will fteach Bay Through That City;
DECISION GIVES SMTA FE
RAILROAD A RIGHT OF WAY
THROUGH OAKLAND STREETS
TWO RUSSIAN OFFICERS WHO.
FIGURE IN . RECENT SERIOUS
OUTBREAKS.
Continued on Second Page.
. ¦ ... - ;
were visited ¦ by the storm and in 'each
much destruction was wrought, but no
loss of life is reported. Many houses were
demolished . at Pratt City, including a
number of churches.
At Powderly there was also much de
struction. At' Cleveland Mrs. George Hatt
was struck by lightning and will probably
die. A terrific rainstorm followed' the
wind and greatly retarded the work of re
lief.'
To-night a mass-meeting of citizens was
held, at which, a relief fund was started.
Fully 600 houses were demolished or dam
aged.- and at a iate hour to-night the total
propertyUoss is estimated at $330,000.
MICHIGAN TOWNS SWEPT. T
Cyclone Wrecks Many Buildings in
Its, Pathway. . ,
• DETROIT, . Sla'rch '25.— A special to the
Tribune ' from' [ Kalamazoo. Mich., says
that j a. cyclone struck .• the town . of Pa
vilion, a small village about twenty-five
miles f outheast, ' of i Kalamazoo,. which
wrecked'/a" number, of . houses, 'uprooted
trees,^tore' down telegraph poles and did
much other damage. - ¦ m '.
>rThe home of Noah Trlpp was/rolled oVer
fora distance of five rods and -Mrs. Tripp
was completely burled \ under ' the* debria.
She was/found lying under; the stove, and
sustained injuries which will result fatal
ly. . The house caught fire and was com
pletely ¦ ruined.
The storm passed . through Vlcksburg
and Scotts Station, both small towns. do-
Ing great damage. Nearly every build
ing in the path of the storm was wrecked.
Large orchards were destroyed and fences
are down- everywhere.. At Indian Lake
the^wind formed a waterspout in crossing
that ; body of water, and" a large district
on the east shore -was Inundated.
¦•..¦;;'?; : -v-\- — V*- .. •.
HOUSES. ABE TJTTEOOFED.
County, Ohio.
Severe .Windstorm Passes Over Erio
. - Cleveland; obio. March ; 25.— A spe^
cial from Sandusky says: A severs wind
storm passed -over the western part of
Erie County late this afternoon. Tha*
principal sufferer was the settlement of .
Mustascn. on the shore of Sandusky Bay.,
where several roofs .were blown front
houses and trues '•¦ were blown down. No
one was injured ' so far. as .known. .The
storm did not touch Sandusky.
US GEORGIA AND TEXAS.
Work ' of Cyclone, . Tornado and a
¦ Cloudburst. •
BUENAVI3TA, Ga.V March S.-A'tor
nado struck the southern edge of this
forces, massing \ several thousand • Dyor r
'naks or household police in the courtyards
adjoining the Kazan Cathedral. About 40.
000 persbns, including a. few students and
factory workmen, Idled along : the Nevsky
prospekt'for about half an hour at noon,
buti an hour later the streets were no
livelier' than usual.
- The police and military; occupied the
parade grounds .'and, other, open places. ,
\ Large, assemblages are possible, but no
disturbance is looked. for unless in the
suburbs occupied by the workingmen.
count CASsrars denial.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
V,'., WASHINGTON. March 25.— Count
Cassinl. the Russian Embassador. is in
dignant at the publication of exaggerazed
and untrue reports regarding the alleged
turbulent conditions in Russia and at
tempts on the life of the Czar.
"Such reports . are pure inventions,** c*
said to-night, "and are probably circulated
in the hope that they will embarrass the
Russian Government. I read the other day
that a ¦ steel-lined room had' been con-,
structed. in order to protect the Emperor
from harm. Such a. statement is ridicu
lous. No such' precautions aaa needed. A3
a matter of fact, the Czar; unprotected by
the ' military' or .police, takes frequent
drives. in his sleigh.. It !s difficult to under
stand.an imagination which can incarcer
ate the Czar In a steel-lined room when he
appears so often on the streets of . St.
Petersburg.
that the life of the Czar Is In
danger are on a par^wlth the statement 1
have read that 100 ' men were killed - by
Cossacks in St. ". Petersburg. This report
is probably based upon the fact that Co«
sacka - In dispersing a crowd used their
whips, with which they are equipped. - It
is utter nonsense to say that 100 men were
killed. . ;.
"It is possible that the university stu
dents in Bt. Petersburg: have been causlns
some disturbances, but I am certain they
are; not political In character. The
troubles are probably tha result of dis
satisfaction with the faculty. -Every time
they # occur they are seized upon by some
newspapers which delight In making a
sensation. This Is what they are trylnjr
to . do now. In general, vou may depend
upon'it, the reports ore greatly • exagger
ated."
Authorities Censor the News.
Ilany; Arrests Are Exported as a Result of Sunday f s
Encounter at Pefersburg, but Russian
FLOW OF BLOOD FOLLOWS
THE COLLISION BETWEEN
WORKMEN AND THE COSSACKS
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. lie.
SA^-^FR^NCISC^^^TUESp AY; ; / MARCH ' • 26; : 190 K-A
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
riBST OBA1TOE THAIN
IS-B-iEADy TO START
Umatilla's California Cargo IsTrans-
, - ferredlto. Great IXorthem -Cars ' .
; : . ' ./r;/ ¦-: in; Seattle.:- ¦¦-•;¦ ¦¦'¦¦;;¦:;. //: r;
'Marcher 25.'— The steamship
Umatiila iirrl ved '. to-night ' from San ' Fran-"
Cisco Iwlth '400,00a pounds.rbf" California
oran ges, "representing ] the ; first ¦shipment
' East ' over^ the" <freat * Northern i Railroad.
.The/f rult was r transferred i to '5 'at tralhVof
fouri cars,! which jvwi 11 j starts f orj St."^ Paul
and Chicago >"at 8'a,' m. to-morrow." •",. \
Charles -R-- Robinson and their families.
These : escaped . serious ; injuries. The
fourth house was 'ocqupied by Captain
John D." Johnston and his daughter.', They
were caught in one corner.'of a room, the
only pari of the hbuse* left standing, and
after the stornvmade<their'way out.; The
last house iri the row was the' property, of
p.. McRae. Mr.'j McRae was caught -be
neath' the wreck, but escaped "unhurt.
Mrs., Hard wick, who lived in the samd
-house, was ill and in' bed.- She was burled
under the ruins, -but was rescued without
apparent serious' lc juries.
Wild Antics of the "Wind.
..: From; Nineteenth -to Twentieth streets
onAvenue I every, house and little shanty
was : destroyed.7- Minter's grocery store
was' literally picked up and tossed 'into
an adjoining yard,. killing Dr. G.'C. Chap
man,'. who had sought shelter in the store.
;* The wind here seomed to dart .upward
and then strike. the earth again at Twen
ty-second •;'_. street, sparing buildings be
'tween/; Twentieth . and Twenty-second
streets. : .It struck cgaln,: destroying : all
the 'small -buildings in its path' for, half
a mile and killing and injuring many peo
ple.' t '•'• . '¦ /- '; ; ;- .- ¦ . • ¦
.; Twenty-second \ street the^ storm
plowed \'Its:. way. eastward through the
block: between Avenues- H; and I,/ tearing
away the roofs of a number of residences,
smashing in windows, ; blowing down trees
and fences. ..; ; . «.; . ¦": ...
Thirtieth street.it struck, the
residence of Robert J. Lowe, at 815 South
Thirtieth; street, leveling* It to: the ground
and Instantly killing Mrs: .Lowe's 4-weeks
old child and fatally_ crushing ¦ Mrs. Lowe,
who idled vWlthln' fifteen minutes after be
ing .-¦ repibved ; from ; the ¦wreckage. " The
cook » was ¦ badly ' hurt and . may die. \ Mr.
Lowe and the nurse , escaped with slight
injuries..' . '. . '","¦ '. ¦ ' .. -. ' £ -V ,
¦; -Continuing. in an eastward direction the
storm swept everything/in its path of sev
enty-five /yards' /width .until It 'passed '¦ be
yond . the city limits and struck Lake vie w
Hill. abo"ut/ Thirty-fourth/ street. " There
were no houses /of any in' its
path J . aiter' it -had passed the city ' limits,
and , consequently .there - was ' no damage
until it "reached \Avondale.' '
/At ¦ Faggbtts" Hill, Just t south of
dale, a ' number of persona were seriously
Injured and many houses badly damaged.
Suburban Towns Swept.
• : At '¦ Irbndale;, the cyclone ( again repeated
its '.work '.".. of •^destruction. - Houses and
fences were leveled to .the/ ground. ' and up"
to this writing feverarbqdies had been re
covered./A'number of Injured persons and
ablgjproperty'loss'are repoTted.'v ;
ih Bessemer, ;: Pratt •",' City;--., Ensley, r Xorth
Birmingham "and 'other? suburban 'towns
worth of bonds, which ' the directors of
the road and a contractor who never did
any work voted- -to' themselves.: I 'was
forced to sue to have those bonds de
clared illegal andj Circuit Court Commis
sioner Heacock ha-j already rendered a
decision to that effect. This decision has
not yet been formally rendered by the
court itself, but it will be.
"Then In the name of one nephew con
test was made to my taking possession. of
the 304 bonds that the court had declared
were perfectly legal, upon the ground/that
the transfer from' my ; father, to '¦, myself
was not legal. I brought suit to clear my
title and that was the suit decided to-day.
"I have already instituted a foreclosure
suit to foreclose my bonds upon' the road,
and under that proceeding Mr. .Grant is
acting as the receiver. Mr. Grant /was
appointed receiver of the road something
more than a year ago at the: time he took
my bonds. I will press this /foreclosure
suit to an early decision,* and "I hope that
the legal tangles that have been confront
ing me for several . years have at last
cleared away." ' .' '
Only Short Spur Track Needed.
- A spur track of less than a mile is -all
that Is needed to bring the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe system Into Oakland
over the California and Nevada 1 line, i The
California and Nevada Railroad is little
more than a. right of way, but it is a very
valuable riitht of way into Oakland city.
It is a narrow gauge road and most of
its rolling stock bad passed its days ; of
usefulness, but by building the short spur
track and constructing a substantial road
bed upon the right of way the Santa Fe
system could run Into the heart of Oak
land. It would also give the Santa' Fe
system a valuable - feeder from Walnut
Creek through the San Pablo Canyon.
A. A. Grant, who admittedly holds the
bonds of the road, has been for years the
principal contractor of the Santa Fe road.
He . built much "of ' the old Atlantic . and
Pacific Railroad and was at one time an
officer of that road. He did many miles
of construction work in Southern Califor
nia f Or the Santa Fe system- and has al
ways been one of their confidential men.
It may be .technically said that the Santa.
Fe system 'has not yet got the California
and Nevada Railroad, but . it - can get . it
whenever It. chooses to take .possession
from Mr. Grant, and no other road will be
permitted to take it. .. . < i
The difficulties In the way of the trans
fer of the little road are being/rapidly
cleared away and ' Mr. . Smith's statement*
that this decision' means another railroad
into San Francisco through Oakland is an
important one.
The Circuit Court's Decision.
The .following is a synopsis of the deci
sion: fflWEtt»?BKfBB
The plaintiff. Charles H. Smith, a citizen of
Colorado, seeks ' to recover ' from .the ¦ defend
ants ISO bonds * of • the ¦ California '; and . Nevada
Railroad Company. It is alleged ' that the' de
fendants are in possession of >' the property;
that C. K. King claims '^the* property iiiT the
administrator ;of /th'e[ estate . of ' J." r W.', 1 Smith.'
deceased, and that the California Sail Deposit
and Trust Company claims to hold the bonds
for King as such administrator. '
The bonds in controversy, are part of a lot
of . 304 bonds pf ; the jj California and . Nevada
Railroad Company, ". each . bond of th* j par
value of $1000. .These bonds were originally
issued by the California and. Nevada Railroad
Company in 1S39, and 229 of them were deliv
ered' by- the company to J. W. Smith, the
father of the plalntifr,' in satisfaction, of a con
tract relating to the buildingr of a; portion of
the road. J. "W.^Smlth also received an order
upon the Central. Trust Company of New York
for, 73 additional. bonds, making a total of 304.
. . It appears ' that . on _• Mairch 15. .1823. J."'W.'
Smith entered Into an . agreement with J. • S..
Emery for. the sale^ to' Emery: of the 304 bonds
for* a stipulated .'price/. Payment was to be
made ' in '.'installments,'-, the bonds ¦ belne : de
posited ,¦ during .the : existence of the contract
with ' Abner Doble of • San . Francisco until ¦ the
full payment should be made by Emery. ' This
agreement ;' was • not : out : - and another
agreement dated October" 24, ;is93. was substi
tuted, wherein • J.* W. •; Smith agreed to sell the
bonds to F./M." Smith upon the terms provided.
The : acreement'waa"- for .an '^option for :*a ' year
with an, extension upon the same' terms for an
additional year." This;contracf was not carried
out by F..M.'8mith : and the'bonds reverted to"
J. W. SmlUt.. .-'! •' .. .- ; . ; - :-; , ',
Father Gives Him Bonds.
.; In August, ISpS.'J.- W., Smith distributed his
property among hi s \ children, • and it Is ¦ claimed
by.- the plaintiff that -'at . this? time.' his' father
8*ave . him the ' bonds ; mentioned I as • part of . h!s
ehare of.the property'dUtrlbuted and 'made him
a ,' formal > assimniBnt of , the same.VAf ter ; the
death of J.- .TV.'. Smith In November,*. 1895, Abner
Doble aelivered the ; bonds to. the plaintiff,' who
subsequently .delivered' them to the} California
Safe • Deposit and ' Trust ' Company to' hold ¦ un
der another agreement executed between C. H.
-and -A: '', A'. '. C^ant. C. K. *, Klnr de
niarided;' the - bonds as administrator of
estate/of, J.iW.t' Smith. / ¦.:•,;,/-;."/-,
¦ 'j From - all i the 1 testimony it ¦ appears that '. it
was th<e purpose " of ' J. ' W. Smith .• to distribute
his estate and give the bonds to "ths plaintiff
and that ' he stated before his death that ; he
had made such "distribution. V ''.-'•¦
The testimony of the witnesses Doble. ' King.
Palpanteer and Thomasl is clear and positive
that J. f "W.\ Smith intended to"- distribute i his
property to hli children," and did so, as \ to' the
real estate;; that he" Intended ) to give the" rail
road bonds: to. his. son, "and; the testimony^ is
reasonably certain ; that .i he did so./.These.wit
nesses, are, all gentlemen of character, and their
testimony, has not '.been /Impeached or
lted • In ' any ; way.'. This evidence cannot be '¦ re-"
jected, t and givins fit) the jconHideratlon it" Is
entitled* to receive,, the .court arrives -at /the*
conclusion that - the * plaintiff * has established
his ownershlp-of 'the bonds and^h'is'I'rlzht '• to
recover possession thereof. , A ' 'judgment /will
therefore be entered In favor, for . the plalntlff.\ -
tj " ONDON, • March ; 2S.-A , dispatch \ to
I the Daily; Mall.' from St.' .Peters-'
|-^-^.',burg;says: A collision occurred
IPi,--^ here Sunday afternoon, between
¦ '/{ the \": military '. and a- body of''fac
tory hands. . There \ was ; much . bloodshed
and many, arrests were made. ' •"<--¦• . - ' ¦
¦A SL > Petersburg \ special dated /Sunday,
which has evidently '' ; been ; . ' censored,
says:*' ¦ The • Socialist % organizations . have
called ; off;, their * proposed' demonstration.
The police openly -displayed their reserve
ground. Skimming close, to the earth the
storm swept through a young 'pine grove,
tearing a the trees ¦ up by the , roots a*id
hurling them through "the air like "arrows.
Cabins of Negroes Crushed.
the groye the storm cloud swept
over-negro' settlements, ' and ; cabins were
crushed,:. not one being 'left "in !lts!path
"way.. Carrie Elma, 1 a' negro woman; was
burled beneath the debris';: but* most of the
negroes : escaped /with slight ; Injuries and,'
after the f storm ' ; had passed, .gathered
around the. wreckage, apparently .thankful
that : they , had escaped with / their lives. : :
'," Eastward .the storm 'swept, -.cutting; Its
way. through ."another, strip of . woods,' strik
ing the Second •Presbyterian. Church. /'at
Avenue Hand Fifteenth street,, demolish
ing" the -. structure. * H " The : pews were 'piled
on- top of 'the: debris, ; a small dak ;table,
which ; was used in the rostrum, being:de
posited on the topmost point *of the wreck
age.", .; :v I ¦,;','¦ . v . •' .. ; ' • -. ¦ ". ' ¦'.
East of ; the church, directly in ,the-cy
clone's patK, in/ another^negfo* settlement,
much: havoc ;• was ;' wrought *¦' among \the
shacks, ; seven* of .whichT, were swept away.
A number of small houses were leveled be
tween" Sixteenth/ and • Seventeenth' streets.
InT-A-lley / H, ' between ; Seventeenth- .and
Eighteenth /streets? a "small ! house: occu
pied/by negroes,' -was destroyed' and Green
Curry,": ai negro; woman. , was caught .be
neath" the timber and sustained serious in-,
juries., .Three other, houses "were 7 blown
down near by./ ;.- ¦ . • : .',-;">; V.
; 2 Cottages ' Completely ; Demolished. ; ' ¦
' The ; storm then struck the more thickly
settled residence" portion, of ._ the city, arid
its, work of destruction". Increased.; 'A cot
itage'j occupied "•' by, «, Fred * Schaefer ; at ? 819
South Eighteenth street and a small build
ing /a few/doors ' nor Lh occupied '.by \ L? H."
Stewart: were' badly: damaged. ' Almost a
clean sweep wa» made of the district lying
between Eighteenth' and Twentieth streets
and, Avenuei H > and If. two 1 blocks./. Here
the i scene is one* of ; complete idemolitiou.
.The .'frame* cottages were reduced ¦ toj'flat-f
tenedipiles of fdebrl«; every tree,, large/or
small,' /was either; crushed i down or * up"
rooted. /A : row i of [ small cottages^ rontirig
east upon Nineteenth street/ between "Ave
nues jHj; arid ;. I '.-^ were flattened out. !} The
occupants': had ;no/Varnirig /and /were/Vn
able. to/escape" from their houses arid 'were
rescued by : "workers^atter the, storm. > The
house u on ; the t corner . of Nineteenth and
I was occupied byvVV.-H.^Merrltt*, a mem
ber of the flre department, and his family,"
¦a' wife and itwo ' small j children." -.The' Mer-"
rittb '.were - rescued '. with ] but ¦ few
The • second ' house ; was occupied f by y the
'family^ of^f Edward T-,Mann. /These -iwere
'"rescued,'?, badly j bruised. . The ; third . house
was ;*. by v- Roy t" McCulloch\ and
CHARLES.H. 6MITH, WHO HAS. FINALLY- GAINED',TITLE TO THE C.
AND N.; RAILROAD BONDS HE IS SUPPOSED .TO ''¦ HAVE NEGOTI
ATED TO THE SANTA FE COMPANY. . / *
THTS is the important feature be
hind a long decision handed down
by Judge Morrow in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday.
The decision <Ud not carry any hint of this
very important result and the title of the
case was not very prolific in furnishing in
formation as to what was behind it. But
the property sued for, the desires of the
parties to the suit, a few bits of important
fac 4 - brought out during the trial of the
case and the statements of the orlndoals
all combine to show that some railroad is
in a hurry to reach San Francisco through
v akland- • That that railroad Is the Santa
Fe there is but little doubt.
The decision was in a suit begun by
Charles H. Smith of Denver against C. K.
King, administrator of the estate of John
W. Smith aad several other parties to*dA>
clara Charles H. Smith of r>enver the
owner of SOI bonds of the California and
Nevada Railroads Smith claimed that the
bonds nad been delivered to him by his
father both out of hand and by bill of
tale. This claim was contested, not by
any near members of the family,' but by
one nephew with a. counter claim that
partook largely of the nature of a claim
merely to cause delay and force a com
promise. But Charles H. Smith refused to
compromise and brought a suit to enforce
his title to the bonds. He produced a bill
of sale from his father, and it was said
that he had forged the document. He
proved his father's handwriting and then
it was said the document had been writ
ten above an old signature of the father.
But the charge of forgery and the charge
<>t having prepared an Illegal document
were swept away by Judge Morrow, who
taid that while the bill of sale was not
in the usual form prescribed by law there
was enough evidence without that docu
ment to vest the title of the bonds in
Charles H. Smith, and so the forgers
charges ¦were demolished.
Sued Merely to Clear Title.
This decision vests the title of the bonds
of the California and Nevada Railroad in
Charles H. Smith, and It was brought out
during the trial of the case that, just as
The Call published some months ago.
Charles H. Smith had already disposed of
his bonds and that he was merely bring
ing this suit to clear his title to them in
order that he mlffht transfer them.
It was asked of Mr. Smith during the
trial If he had made a sale of the bonds
end he replied that bt had, but there the
Inquiry ended, owing to the limited scope
of the suit. But yesterday Mr. : Smith told
a little more about the sale of his bonds
and he asserted flatly that the decision
of Judge Morrow cleared the way. for an
other railroad to enter San Francisco by
way of Oakland, an J he added that had
it not been for the opposition that was
ma<3e to ills title the deal would have
come to a head long ago, when the story
of the sale was first published In The Call.
•MVwn« Another Bail road.
"This decision means another railroad
Into San Francisco by way of Oakland,"
said Charles H. Smith yesterday after
noon after Judge Morrow had handed
down the document which gave Mr. Smith
title to the bonds on the little railroad
across the bay. "If there had not" been
eo much filibustering on the part of peo
ple who sought to delay the sale of these
bonds the deal would have been well un
der way by this time. I am not at lib
erty to say anythlnc more in detail ex
cept that it means that there will be an
other railroad running through Oakland
and reaching San Francisco directly from
that sid« of the bay.
"It was brought out during the trial
that the bonds had been sold, and I be
lleva that it has been otherwise stated
.that a transfer has been made.' That is
true Jn effect. I have been trying to get
actual possession of the bonds in order
to keep my, portion' of an agreement to
sell.' The 'agreement was entered into
with A. A. Grant, who has been interested
in the road to a slight degree. But when
It came to an actual delivery of the bonds
some persons got it into their heads that
a sale had been made and they sought to
retard the actual delivery. Why it.wa»
done people must Judge for. themselves,
for It .has been held repeatedly that they
had no shadow of a claim.
"I have been compelled to fight this at
every turn of the road. First I was con
fronted with an Illegal issue of~gXX),OuO
Another railroad is coming di
:ectly into -San Francisco through
Oakland. That railroad is undoubt
edly the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe. ; ~:\~
Twenty -FiYe| filled M
Scores iDjurefl at Bir
mingiiam.
Towns in Ohio antf Michigan Also
, Swept by, a Storm Which Leaves a
• ; ' Trail of Rnin in Its Wake. *
. ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦' ? '' - .
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.', ; March 25.-Short-
ly before 10 o'clock; this morning a.fear
ful cyclone swept overUhe southern part
of this city. ; The number" of • killed ; to
night.'- is estimated ~ at .twenty-five, of
whom five are white. The , destruction Of
property is ; placed at£a* quarter of aVmil
lion . dollars. s Eighteen*: bodies had '•been'
recovered up to .7 p. ni^ and scores' of
injured have been removed to the hospi
tals.'- : •.¦..-. V- '¦•¦¦•' ¦ ¦:. .'''¦'-<.- •/
Among^the dead aie G.C. Chapman of
the firm of Tally & . Chapman! : . vrho con
duct a private infirmary in this city,' and
the 'wife'; and Infant child •¦ of Robert J.
Lowe, chairman of the Democratic' State
Executive Committee. is the
list of identified' dead:. /;•
The, Dead.
DR. G. C. CHAPMAN.
MRS. ROBERT J. LOWE.
INFANT. CHILD OF MRS. LOWE.
J. ALEXANDER,/ :/
LITTLE DAUGHTER OF B. B. HUD
SON. - ¦ / • : ---./ - ¦¦"• ¦/¦.'"-. ¦;'". -:
F. MTRO, colored, 'collector Union Mu
tual Association of Moblla,
OARRIE HUDSON. M
MAGGIE BLEVIN8. v^ >
CARRIE HENRY.
LIZZIE GLENN. ., ./ ,
COOK FOR B.: B.;' HUDSON, all col-
Ored. ,'¦ : ¦/¦ .' / .-;?%- ',• •'; ' ¦ -,- ¦' - .}¦¦..¦
¦• UNKNOWN CARPENTER,; struck, by
flyins'lUrnbcK ".^ •*-**^7f*&r < -~~*- : •:- •
":•. //Fatally Injured.
Th«T; following 'were; fatally injured :
MRS." R. H. THOMAS. /
./ MRS. W. H. THOMAS.;
mrs. d. d. Mclaughlin.
MRS. • J. FERGUSON.*. ** :"'
mrsJ;myl.um. r ; c
CARRIE ELIN, colored.
Others Injured.
Appended is a list' of those recovering
from : Injuries:';." ;.
John Dillon, Hambright De Voe, back
of head cut; child; of Mrs. McLaughlin;
Mrs. Stephens; L. L.. Holton, arm brok
en; Sarah Adams, v colored, arm broken;
Albert- Glenn, ¦ colored ; Jerusha ¦ Glenn,
colored ; Green Curry, colored ; * Carrie El
mere, colored, not expected to live; ¦ Mary
Goodlaw,' colored, arm and leg broken;
Sarah Thweatt, colored, arm broken;
Dave ' Elmore,' colored, . serious internal
injuries ; Sarah 'J Elmore, colored, serious
internar injuries; Mrs. Lynch and daughr
ter,' lnternaj injuries; Frank Krimsey,
'arm broken and V head; bruised; Lougin
Martin, colored, \struck by flying timber;
Rhea Curry, - colored, , arm broken sand
head » bruised; Mrs. P. G. Schaefer and
baby, slight irijuriesT" Mrs. Tates /and
daughter," slight injuries; Mr.- and Mrs.
Dorr, injured; "W. W. Dorr,
bricklayer, bruised ' and badly cut lip; W.
P./ Dickefson,. scalp wound and concus
sion, ;* serious; ¦ Mrs. Joel Giaccopozzai,
badly ' bruised ; ,. Mrs. r Jane . Lane, Injured
about i head ;' Jim 'Wilson, ' colored, sick in
bed with pneumonia, badly bruised; Mrs.
Calloway, Colored, •' badly fractured arm ;
Willie ; Calloway, ¦ colored,- scalp' wounds:
Ned Thomas, colored,* face cut 'slightly;
Lee'; Richardson," arm bruised and finger
broken. .-' '- . : X°:
, -... Sweep of! the. Cyclone. .¦¦-.-.-'
•,*. The .storm struck the city in the ex
treme southwestern corner, and plowed
its way/ eastward,;, leaving a path i 150 feet
.wide through the 4 entire southern ' sec-,
tion,'^extending^ from. Green- Springs i/on
the /west* to • Avondale oh the : east, /and'
continued its ; course : until its fury 'spent
in"? the -/mountains "beyond ' Irondale^'a
small town " six miles ' east of the city.
: The morning^ dawned and : sultry
and grew more threatening as the day ad
vanced." v Clouds '"began .to gather _ and
shortly after 9. o'clock/ sharp .lightning
flashed from : the southwest. ] The ¦ air • be
came. heavy and stifling. • ' The velocity of
the /wind '"suddenly;, began to Increase and
out of /the overcast iky/ the dread funnel
shaped cloud ¦: made : its , appearance./: Hug
ging^ close to the earth; it came down. upon
the city. ' Thealtitude of the cyclone. was
not more than 'seventy- five feet. /The: ne
gro shanties and cottages In the lowlands
were i the'. principal : sufferers. The larger
residences ) on'the'; higher ground '¦ suffered
butTslightly.T. The large : trees on 'the/ hill
side/ of i St.^Vincent/s Hospltar. were} torn
up" by the roots ¦ and an: immense quantity
of stone : was; twisted out ;i the j ground
and {broken- and scattered "over the
ways 'leading;, to/the Institutlon/f f ;
From Eighth to Tenth street the cyolone
bounded c like 'a rubber; ball;, and' when it
again 'descended- it struck '-a two-story"
house', occupied byi; Joseph \ Busenhehlner
and almost " razed , it : to , the • ground;' The
U-year-old of %'John/; Krurisey
"was^caught under the debris and severely
injured.* Aj house/occupied by Taylor Han"'
sen. near Vby^ 'was :v unroof ed^ and f three
small negro ; houses'? hear.^ there "were .'de
molished! /Onward* the? wind ''sped", in' its
f ury.JdemolishlngUrees and* fences,! until
irWached'Eleviihth" street,'' where 'a 1 ? hcTuse
owned ' by ..' John/ Hayes /was* leveled \ to f the
MANY DEATHS
IN TH E SWIRL
OF THE WINDS
- 9 • ',¦-".:¦ ¦¦
Widespread Havac
in Alabama Gaused
' by a Ojclone;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.A Month's Test Free.
If yon haveRhPumatlsm.writeDr. Sboop.Radne.
Wi»..bcxl37.for mix. bottles of bURheumaticCure.
express paid. Send no money. Fay $3.59 if cured*
BTJLGARIA3ST FAMILIES
MASSACBED BY TUBES
Men, Women and Children the Mur
derers* Victims in a Small Town
Near Salonica."
'. CONSTANTINOPLE. March 2S.-Ac
eonJing to private advices from Mace
donia, a band of Turks massacred three
Bulgarian families, men,. women and chll
tJren, In the village of Aghamahalleh,
near Seres, a town forty-seven miles
northeast of Salonica. Details of the out
rage have not been received. The new*
created a profound sensation. It is re
ported that a village near Monastlr, in
Macedonia, with a mixed population of
Mussulmans and Burgarians.^has be»n
burned. ¦HKMttCSBMI - "
PRESIDENT APPOINTS
CIVIL SERVICE OFFICIAL
Prospect That the Selection of the St
Louis Exposition Commission-
ers MayNow Be Made.
WASHINGTON, March .'25.— The Presi
dent, has appointed ex-Representative W.
A. Rodenberg of Illinois a member, of the
Civil Service Commission'- to succeed the
late Hon.' Mark S. Brewer,* and E. I. "Allen
bt \ Auburn, N. T., Commissioner \oV Pat
ents to succeed Commissioner, Duell, re
signed. , ¦ ¦;-•/
The selection of Rodenberg remove's: one
crthe factors which has delayed the ap
pointment of the. St. Louis. Exposition
H omD lt ssio 5 er , s: U ls fifenerally. believed
that- Mr. Rodenberg's candidacy clashed
directly with that of Professor Northrup
of ; Minnesota. The announcement ¦ of the
commission is now expected within a. few
days." ;;• ,.-. ..---• ¦¦¦ . >•>.;,;.¦.,-
PHILLIPS ONCE MORE t ' •
¦•-¦•: KING OFSTHE CORN PIT,
His Holdings Are Estimated in -i the
millions and Shorts May Have"
a Hard Time. \
CIUCAGO; March ¦ 23-The 4 News to-day
says: George ? Phillips , Is i again ¦. the /corn
pit king and his -reign' promises- to -.be -a
hard one for the shorts. -Under the dicta
tion of the' young, speculator,^ the v 'cereal
to-day sold to 42% and 42Vfc'for.May;deliv-"
ery, the highest price touched this season"
The demand was ; sufficient 'tox carry." the
market, up in the \ face of ; heavy realiza
tions by longs.'; A J . feature of i the' present
bull campaign is that the country, is heav
ily.^ represented" on • the:; long* side « of i the
market and will T profit*! by.^ the
Phillips' holdings \ are estimated ' to ¦. be : in
the millions.. . 'MXSMSMilMSBltSkMMatMM
ll O TRACE IS. FOUND
. OF THE MISSING- WOMAN
.Vigorous Search Is Made | by Bela
; tives of Mrs. Nevills: Castle,
. but Without Success.
I NEW YORK, March 25.— Hospitals, pri-
yate sanitariums and the morgue wen
searched ¦ yesterday by . friends and : -_ rela ;
tlves of Mrs. Neville Castle, who Is miss.
Ing from her home,' No.; 220 West Forty
fifth street, but no trace of her was found
-¦' Mrs. ; Castle : disappeared" Saturday night
after a' dinner given in her honor by Mrs
Goddwin of No.» 467 .Central Park West
She left at 8 o'clock, saying she was go
ing .'home, but nothing has beeniseeniol
her; since. , Mrs. ¦ Castle's •brother,"- whe
married the '.daughter of 'Admiral*. Samp
son, . has been ' notified of her, disappear
ance; and he Is . expected ; here i to-day t(
Join mother . relatives and frionda In- the
search. The police > of many ¦ cities have
been furnished with a. '¦ description of th«
missing .woman." c , . - " ¦ .••-:.¦
CITY AND COMPANY. :.
AT-VWAB OVER, WATER
Attempt Made to Deprive Ogden Peb
pie of Supply/ but CorporationV
\ Officers Are fArrested.'
I OGDBN, Utah, March 25-T-War. was de
clared to-day between , the^ City.*," Council
and>the. Ogden Water' Works \ Company
The '• city ; claims the; water works system
and has -notified 'all 'consumers not to paj
their water rentals pending the termina
tion,of«the suit/; ¦ . '-':¦¦:¦ ¦':'
r ;The company began;tufnlng off the wa
ter.; to-day, and 'the entire •. Police ! Depart
ment." reinforced by 1 100 specials. " arrested
the agents of the company and- they were
jailed .: without . bonds. : ¦:: The . officers r ther
turned; the water on. again. \ Great excite
ment prevails here. . ;...< ,-¦'.>
SIX ROBBEBS LOOT
s AN> OHIO ;0BANK'S; SAF131
Fifteen' Hundred ; Dollars in Coin > and
'r'hf'i a I*argre^Amount "in^ Bonds .' '"
. • ; ;... "s Taken 'Away. ",' •/..;' -¦»•'/' l^/-
V COLUMBUS, C ; Ohioi '4: March % 26. --A tele
phone ':\ message • ¦; from \r, Somerset, V Perry i
County; ! received * a 1 1 the t police 1 station \ at
2 ai' m. 'stated % that "elx • men' had > ridden
intoUhe city - and blown /open ; the safe -in
the local. bank and secured $1500'in money
and>a large- amount, in -bonds; v' The rob-"
bers escaped. '" st * I^ l^ IM^V^SSBSSB^
town to-night, doing- considerable dam
age. Several persons are reported killed,
among them the child of J. D. Harrell.
Mrs. Harrell, the wife, had a leg broken.
The- residences of Messrs." Woodall and
Bethune were also blown down.. Fifteen
or twenty negro cabins were blown down,
one negro child of Ike Russin being killed
and several others seriously Injured. '
ATLANTA, Ga., March 25.— A cloud
burst . is - reported at Greenville. - S. - C.
and a cyclone at Adalrsville, Ga. . No lives*
are reported Io3t. . ;
GALVESTONr Tex.. March 25.-At Dou
ble Bay, a ; hamlet thirty miles north of
Galveston, the storm of Friday night as
sumed cyclonic proportions. Mrs. '.Fish
and a 7-year-old girl, a daughter of Rich
ard Measle, a were killed. . .Three people
were injured. .Three houses which with
stood the September storm collapsed.
Majority of People in the
Island Not Inclined to
Objection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, March 25.— From 'news re
ports which have been received. 'b^ere It
is evident that there is a wide discrep
ancy between the official reports of the
political situation ln Havana and those
sent by the small group of correspond
ents' stationed here. Granting for a mo
ment that the action of the convention
Is doubtful, It may be said with accuracy
that the official reports and various pri
vate reports which Indorse .the official,
can only be based upon a. general ground
of belief that the convention will come
to see the error of Its way and to a reali
zation of the hopelessness of struggling
against the inevitable.
. The contrary view, that of the corre
spondents, is based directly upon the
positive statements of the members of
that convention. Of ¦ those who advocate
tho acceptance of the Platt • amendment
because, they" abhor It, I have found not
one. Such advocacy as I have found has
rested in the general proposltlpn ¦ that a
disagreeable dose had best be swallowed
and the best' made of a' bad bargain, lest
worse should follow.
Neither disorder nor disturbance Is
anywhera manifest on the island. There
has been and is political unrest in many
sections, some feeling, and - numerous
wholly peaceful public manifestations - of
support of the convention in. its atti
tude. In the event of the acceptance of
the Platt amendment by. the convention,
there may be disturbance, | though not
extensive, in Santiago Province and pos
sibly in Santa Clara Province." i , •
- ¦ Opposition to Convention.
"Within •the last two ¦' weeks ' there has
developed a recognizable sentiment of op
position to the 'convention. It Is not ex
tensive and finds representation - in two
or three papers of no important stand
ing. They make much of the recent dis
patches asserting a marked opposition
to the convention in Santiago 'Province
and ln Clenfuegos. To-day, as v for the
last two weeks, all evidence obtainable
from members of the convention points
to some more or less direct rejection of
the terms of the Platt amendment. There,
is a desire to come to some acceptable
mutual agreement upon the matter or
relations.
Action may be '. taken by • the conven
tion at 'any time. One member declares
that the present intention is to reply to
the amendment ln detail . by clauses, ac
cepting this. and declining that and giv
ing the reasons for special action upon
each. Of any probability * of acceptance
in totoi there is no sign In the body it
self. Evidence of that Is only*. found in
American official assertions. ". .
WASHINGTON. March _ 25.— General
Miles returned to "Washington to-day from
Havana, confident that' Cuba will accept
the Platt amendment to the jarmy appro- 1
priation law; defining the relations that ;
shall exist- between the island 1 and tho
United States. Although General Miles,
accompanied by hi3' aid," Colonel ;H.,H.
Whitney, went to Cuba to make a- mili
tary inspection. ¦ he * was ( charged ¦ by the
President with a special message to ; the
Cubans. > r . -i - ¦;¦ • .
"Tell the people of the island/'J tfcV Pre».
ST. LOUIS, March 25.-Mrs. Nation
.stopped in St. Louis • to-day for
thirty minutes, en route to Cincin
nati and Lexington. "While wait
ing in the union station to meet
her Eastern connection somebody told her
the proprietor. of v the- Nation saloon, not
far from the union station, had threatened
dire vengeance if' she even entered his
place.
"I'd just like to see that man," Mrs. Na
tion exclaimed,, and her* eyes gleamed.
"Who'll show me where he is?" . • >¦'
The crowd melted like snow in the
springUme.\ Nobody . volunteered/ - Mrs.
Nation went trotting oft to find a police
man. She found two> or three. ' . ' -' . ¦
"Where Is., the Nation saloon?"- she
asked. "Take me" there.- Iwon't smash.
I just want to see the man w^o said he
was laying for me if I ever .came.; to St."
Louis." . • , ." .- .W-. ".v
i The policemen smiled, tipped their, hats
and blushed.- They didn't volunteer to act
as escorts. . . .' ! . . >. ;
, "WelC* said 'Mrs. Nation, - "I want to>
go, but. I must tend to my satchels 'first;
i have not- got long ahdilmust put them
where.! can get them quick.' r ; '.'¦-.
i She cnejiked them ; in 'the,' main lunch
room and. gathering a Score, of. small boy«i
about her- started for •, the saloon. -Thei
jcrowd followed her flown Market street at
a run. Mrs. Nation-^valked in at, the frpnt
door, the boys still -following/. Sauerbur-
ger. the proprietor. ttwbs behind the bar>
A crowd filled" the. doors and the street In
front. They yelled. and;, cheered her on. ,
Parleys 'With. the^Proprietor. \ \
"Who are you?", said. Sauerburger, his
eyes popping out and *a determined ex
pression coming over his face.
"I'm Carrie Nation," was the reply.
"Well, you'd better get out of here."-
CUBANS RELY
ON UNCLE SAM
"If you want me to. get out, put me
out." ~ . ...
Mrs. Nation gathered her long black
veil closer about her head and stood still.
"What are you doing here? That's what
I- want to know.". '
• "That's what I'm here for," she
shouted. ..-. " ' ¦[ '. -
Li'Trh running the saloon." "
.'"What do you call it?"
• "The Nation saloon."
"I. 'don't like that. : I don't want hell
named after me."." . .
"I've got a- right to call it that.V I be
long to the nation and so daall these men.
So do you, don't you?" -.>"'
; '¦¦¦* 'Yes, but I don't* want any such place
named after me:" -, v •
:.Then to a» man who.- was drinking a
glass of beer she exclaimed: ' ¦ -
"You -will go to helt-,- : slr. ¦ -.You ought to
stop that." j; 'X v»,
"You'd, better get. out, Mrs. Nation,"
said Sauerburcrer' asjaln. , = * .
. "If you-~want me to-go out, put me out."
. sSauerburger went in: search- of a police
man, but could not find one. > Mrs. Na
tion stayed, as long as 'she could without
missing, her train. Then she laughed at
Sauerhurger..
Displays a Loaded Revolver.
"I didn't mean to smash, anything," she
paid,' and waytng^hjBr.fhandfto the crowd
who stood about started btV'the return to
tlje station. > : After. she', disappeared Sauer
burgrcr-pulled fromiiJis right coat pocket
a loaded revolver. V • . f .•*- ,
3 vif «he bad even 'made aiinove to smash;
anything J- would have killed her. sure:" '
• H was while eating a sandwich at the
lunch- counter before her visit to the sa
lpon-that Mrs. Nation said she would not
smash if she could only vote. She had
just shaken hands - with a dozen small
boys".' ; •-•,-¦ ¦ >• ': " -V- '. '- .
i. -They're golpg to take '. up my work
¦vrnen 1 m done. They can. vote, and the
vote is the best hatchet. If I could vote
Iwould-not smash any more."
ident said to General Miles,; "that the ac
tion taken by : Congress and the policy
pursued by the United States are for their
good and that the questions confronting
them now are inslgnificantrcompared with
the obstacles they have overcome. ¦ Con
vey to them the best wishes of the Ameri
can people for their prosperity and the
prosperity of their island.',', ,
. Cubans Gain Confidence.
.^*'At first,"/ General Miles said to-hlght.
the Cubans seemed to be affected. bv a
feeling of distrust, doubt and uncertainty
but after talking to them very frankly
they seemed to gain confidence, and I
think the Platt, amendment will be sub
stantially accepted. The Platt amend
ment does not seem to me, to be a serious
problem. The Cubans are very happy
and they are grateful to the United States
for assisting them in their struggle for
independence. They are all at work and
prosperous. It is altogether a matter of
opinion as to' whether, they are now' fit
for self-government. Certainly they are
£o^tn e Vt^Rio Grande thG SSSS^
General Miles was asked if. the pros
pect of the acquisition of the Isle of Pines
by the United States was causing anv
comment in Cuba. -°. ... ."*
"There is a .question as to whether the
If i of P lnes <Joea not belong -to the
United States under the treaty of Paris "
he replied. "That treaty provides for the
relinauishment of Cuba by Spain and then
cedes Porto -Rico -and all other islands in
r^ e .» \ eE L Indles to Spain to the
United Under the Platt amend
ment the disposition of this island is left
for future negotiation. I do not think it
presents a question of importance. V •
_ General Miles added that the : Presi
dential question is attracting little Inter
est, and he . expressed an opinion j that
General Gomez would - decline the ' office
1/ it be tendered to him. He found the
American troops healthy and sanitary ar
rangements at the posts were excellent
CHINA MAKES
FINAL APPEAL
TO UNCLE SAM
But America Refuses
to -Act Regarding'
Manchuria...
Japan the Only Power to
Oppose the Treaty With
Russia.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. X.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 25.— China
made a filial appeal to the United States
to-day to intervene and support her in de
clining to sign the Manchurian treaty to
morrow as demanded by Russia. This
appeal, personally made to Secretary Hay
by Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister,
was also communicated by Chinese repre
sentatives abroad to the Governments to
which thew are accredited. It was further
supported by urgent messages from
Southern Viceroys asking the powers to
bring pressure to bear upon Russia to in
duce her to withdraw the treaty,
So far as the United States is concerned
the appeals were barren of result. Other
than expressing its objection to the nego
tiation of any secret arrangement by
China, and communicating this objection
to Russia and other powefs, this Govern
ment will not act. In fact, it seems to be
the general opinion that none of the pow
ers, with the exception of Japan. Is dis
posed to do more than to state its posi
tion in opposition to the signing of the
Manchuria convention. Failure on the
part of the powers to interfere will be
followed by instructions from the Emperor
to Prince Ching and Li Hung Chang to
Firn the treaty. If they refuse to carry
out the instruction^, which is extremely
doubtful, nothing will happen.. Russia
•will not withdraw from China, as she is
reported to have threatened, but will prob
ably maintain the status quo. Prince
Ching and Li Hung Chang are expected
to Flgn the treaty.
Minister Wu thinks the United States
might prevent the signing of the treatv
and ward off future dangers if the Presi
dent would admonish Russia* that her ac
tion is in violation of the "open-door"
agreement and objectionable to the
I'nited States. The President, however,
has no intention of taking any such ac
tion, having had assurances that there Is
nothing In the treaty prejudicial to the in
terests of the United States.
Japan is the only power expected to pro
test against the signing of the convention,
but whether she will go beyond such ac
tion cannot be learned here. It is thought
probable ln diplomatic circles that a Jap
anese fleet will occupy- Fuchau and Amoy;
the principal ports of the province of
Fukien. , . .
JAPAN MEANS TO FIGHT. 1
Sensational Statement.
legation Official at London Makes a
LONDON. March 25.— In the absence of
the Japanese Minister in London. -Baron
Hayashi. ilr. Mat tut. first- ; »*crelary ..of'
the Japanese ' legation,- w&'oVwas inter
viewed this afternoon, made sa'comprel"'
hensive statement of the -issuest involved! ,
He said: - **yfy&)fcfr
"Russia's insistence, China's •: helpless^
nrss and the probable victory of'RussJart
diplomacy t<">-morro-v will bring: us to the
brink of a dangerous situation-. In' which ;
none of the powers if-so deeplyjconcemed
as Japan. Even if the secret treaties have
been modified, as is alleged, the change?
are so trifling as to make the documents
thoroughly objectionable to Japan. ';'
"Afsumlng that China signs the treaties.
T suppose Great Britain, Germany and the
I'nited Btates will protest to Russia. But
that is about as far as they will go and
about as much as they will get. WlthJa
j)*n it Is a matter of fighting. "'
"The question -is whether we are to fight
Russia now or to fight her later on. . She
has no right to Manchuria and if 6he se
cures Manchuria she will be oo the way
to securing Korea.
"Our Government. I believe. Is consid
ering the crisis. Its eyes are wide open
and it will not be driven to .precipitate
action by the jingolsts of Japan, who are
openly clamoring for Immediate war. Yet
it they see that war is unavoidable they
-will not hesitate to -strike." - - - ¦
BT7SSIA STILL IN CONCERT.
Has Not Withdrawn Co-operation
With Other Powers.
LONDON, March 25.— Replying to Sir
Ellis ABhmeaie-Bartlett (Conservative).
who asked In the House of Commons to •
<1ay whether Russia had presented China
with a modified agreement regarding
Manchuria and whether Russia had with
drawn from the so-called concert of
Kurope, the Vnder Secretary, Lord Cran
lK)rr>.e. said the Government understood
that the terms of the proposed agreement
were ttill under discussion, but he was
unable to make any positive statement on
the subject. The Russian Government, he
added, had informed the Government of
Great Britain that Russia has no inten
tion of withdrawing co-operation with the
other powers in China. '
Questioned in regard to th© Russian
concession at Tientsin. Lord Cranborae
«ald LI Hung Chang signed an agreement
granting Russia 'a considerable tract of
land, which the Russians had previously
rlaimed by right of conquest: The Mlnls'
ter of Foreign Affairs was aware by what
authority U Hung Chang signed the con
cession and the Chiriese Government had
declared its validity and therefore.lt must
¦be reserved for further examination.
Count L&msdorf made a similar declara-
Uon March 20.
MTJEDEEEDAT A.FEBBY.
Stonehouse Was Killed While Aiding
Starving Villagers.
- TIENTSIN*. March 25.— Inquiries show
.that Rev. J. A. Stonehouse of the London
Missionary Society, who. as announced ln
The dispatches "yesterday, was killed by
nrigands fourteen miles east of Tientsin
Tas murdered at the ferry of the village
of Whangalo on. the Hunho River, ten
lrilles ratt -of Tunganhslen. while distrib
uting relief to the starving .villagers. >'
BBITISH >TEOOPS ASSAILED.
Affray at Tientsin in Which Germans
Are the "Aggressors. "
I TIENTSIN. March 25.-In an affray last
evening two members of. the Welsh Fu
silier Regiment and a member of the Vic
torian contingent, who were acting as po
jlcernen. were sabered and bayoneted. It
SpsrsSrit? 1 ' 0 *" 11 ! 118 were the prin -
. Continued From First Page.
However, ttie Boers Continue
Active and Battle
- Bravely;
LONDON, March: 26.— The .War. Office
has received the following dispatch from
Lord Kitchener: - , ; • "
.. '.'PRETORIA, March 25.— Babington's
force, including Shekleton's column, at
tacked . Delarey, 1500 strong, " southeast of
Ventersdorp; and, having defeated him,
followed him up rapidly, with the result
that t he Boers' rear guard was driven la
and their convoy captured, ' including the
guns captured at Vaalsbank. Our troops
displayed great gallantry and dash. They
captured two.-15-pounder guns and one
pompon, six Maxims, 320 rounds of big
ammunition, 15,000 rounds of small ammu r
nitlon, 1C0 rifles, 53, wagons and 24 carts,
besides taking 140 prisoners. Our loss was
slight. Many . Boers were killed or
wounded." . • \ '. •
The oflicial casualty 'list' .issued ' last
evening indicates renewal of active opera
tions since the failure of the negotiations
between Lord Kitchener and General
Botha.- ' .
* At Hartebeestefontein, March 22 and
23, two officers were killed " and three
wounded and four men killed and twenty
wounded. There also seems to have been
heavy fighting at a place near Gredde
dacht- March IS,- and near Ventersburg
March 1G. ¦ ; _ ¦ .
-• Ventersdorp, the scene of the defeat of
Delarey, is about twenty-five miles north
east from Hartebeestefonteln. It is possi
ble, therefore, that the advices as to fight
ing at these points really refer to the
same engagement.- - - , • .
.'The Pretoria correspondent of the Stan
dard says that It is obvious some months
must 'pass before Boer resistance can. ¦ be
crushed. .;-: • : ¦¦¦¦¦¦;' \ ¦
The Amsterdam correspondent * of the
Daily Express says he understands that
Mr. Kruger has advised Acting President
Schalkberger : to formulate peace terms.
A special;' from Queenstown, Cape Col
ony, says: ,The town guard here has been
called out, owing to reports that a force
of Boers is near the town. Business has
been shut down in order to allow the em
ployes to man the trenches and forts day
and night. The Boer?, who are said to be
twenty- miles off, are alleged to have
crossed the railroad near Drummond. .
'. Colonial Secretary Chamberlain, when
asked In the House of Commons yester
day if It was- possible to change. the offer
of peace, terms to the Boers, said the ne
gotiations were closed 'and there was no
intention of reopening them.
DEWET'S NEW POSITION.
Earing General Made Hobfd Coin
.; mandant of the Boers.
LONDON, March 26.— According to the
Times' Johannesburg correspondent Gen
eral DeWethas been appointed hoofd com
mandant of the Boers. ' Philip. Botha was
appointed to succeed him as fighting gen
eral.'but, he was killed- the other-day at
Doornberg. There Uf > nothing to Indicate
whether ; the new/ appointment involves
General- Dewet's "withdrawal-- from- active
leadership In the field.- "He is supposed to
now be -with General Louis Botha north
of the .Delagoa Bay railway line.- Philip
Botha was represented. as being General
Dewet's right-hand man and a leader of
whom the foreign officers entertained the
highest opinion. - *. '¦ .¦ : ¦-: v.
MANY DEATHS IN THE
SWIRL OF THE WINDS
Britisti Troops Tale
Guns, Ammunition
and Prisoners.
DELAREY'S
FORCE MEETS
WITH DEFEAT
CARRIE THE SMASHER
ESCAPES DIRE PERIL
Parleys With the Keeper of the "Nation"
Saloon, Who Was Prepared to Kill Her.
MINE OPERATORS SILENT
AND STRIKE IS IMMINENT
President nitchell Says He Has Received
No Offers of Compromise but: Is Hopeful.
If his Majesty's Government were to agree
to such an amendment, while the United
States would have a treaty right to interfere
¦with the canal . in time of war or apprehended
war and while other powers could, , with a
clear conscience, disregard any of the restric
tions Imposed by the convention. Great Britain
alonp. in spite of. her enormous possessions
on the American continent, and In spite of
her Australian colonies and her Interests in
the East, would be absolutely precluded from
resorting to any action or from taking meas
ures to secure her Interests in and near the
canal.
Lord Lansdowne instructs the British
Embassador to explain to the Secretary of
State tho reasons -set forth in this dis
patch why his Majesty's Government
feels. unable to accept the convention in
the shape presented to it by the Amer
ican Ambassador and why it prefers, as
matters stand at present, • to retain un
modified 'the provisions of- the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. He continues:
His Majesty's Government throughout these,
negotlaions gives evidence - of its earnest
desire to meet the views of the United States,
It would in this connection have beeii
ready to consider In a friendly spirit any
amendments of the Government of the United
States not inconsistent with the principles of
both Governments which the Government of
the United States might propose, and it
would sincerely regret a failure to come to
an amicable understanding in regard to this
important subject.
The amendment, Lord Lansdowne
thinks, not only removes all prospect of
the wider guarantee but places Great
Britain in a position of marked disadvan
tage compared .with other powers. H«
says:
"If that adherence was given the neu
trality, of the canal would be secured by
the whole of the adhering powers; with
out that adherence it would depend only
upon the guarantee of the two. contracting
powers." -
Lord Lansdowne states his objections to
the amendment which strikes out article
III of the convention, under which the
high contracting parties (engage immedi
ately upon the convention being ratilled
to bring it to the notice of other powers
and to Invite their adherence.
The banks of the Suez Canal. are within the
dominions of - a territorial sovereign who was
a party to this convention and whose estab
lished interests it was necessary to; protect;
whereas the ' Nicaragua canal "¦ will • be con
structed- In territory belonging not.' to the
United States but to Central Amenican states,
of whose sovereign rights other powers cannot
claim to dispose. • -' i ' .¦"¦','"
He. goes on to show 'that there is no
anomaly, between the tenth -article of the
Suez - canal convention and the' Davis
amendment, adding; . .. ,'
Suez Canal Comparisons.
Of It to the commerce and navies of the
world. ' • ;yT»---*fr^v- ¦ ,
So far as I know the miners have not,
up to this time, been offered or granted
any concessions. Of course we all hope
to avert the strike and we are putting
forth our most urgent "efforts to that end.
.We came to New York for the purpose
of holding a conference if possible and
in. doing. so we , ara simply carrying out
v the wishes expressed by a majority of
- those, who attended the late conference
at Hazleton." - - ¦ - • ,
Senator. Hanna visited several- places in
the financial district . to-day. When asked
'whether his presence here had any con
- nection with coal-strike rumors- the Sen
ator replied emphatically that It had none.
."I am here on other matters." he said.
- "I have nothing to.do with this affair
and I do not know anything about It save
-what I have heard and read the last few
.days.. 1 4iave- not -been consulted regard
ing this matter at all."
." .The Herald to-morrow will say that the
..operators, of - the anthracite coal mines
' and the executive officers of those rail
roads that are largely Interested in that
: industry . are unanimous in ' the opinion
•that there will be no strike ordered on
. April l'in the Pennsylvania coal regions.
There seemed to be equal positiveness in
the assertion that as an organization the
.United: Mine Workers will not be recog
nized'by, the operators.
¦ -It eeems to be pretty well established
that Mr. Mitchell will not have an oppor
tunity of holding any conference. as the
of the United Mine Work
ers with anyof the anthracite coal opera-
I tors or | any • person representing them.
The operators are averse to giving any
recognition' to the organization.- Several
¦' of the railroad officials received dispatches
"from. the coal region, to-day and the re
cipients said that all were of same
• tenor— that ¦ the - miners were anxious to
, avert a strike. ; ,:. •"-'¦•
SEATTLE, March 25.— Roy Thornburg.
a sjvitchman in . the employ of the Great
Northern Railway, met death, under the
wheels of a freight train. at Interbay, a
station near this city, thi? afternoon.
Switchman Loses His Life.
SAN JOSE, March ffi.— A meeting of
the board of directors of the California
Cured Fruit Association .was held to-day
at which President Bond, who has Just
returned from Europe, submitted a report
covering" his observations concerning the
prune market in - the East • and abroad.
While no official statement has yet been
made public it is understood that he ad
vised a cut in prices on prunes for export.
* A modification was made- in prices on
such prunes. The official announcement
will not be made public before to-morrow
or Wednesday, but it is understood that
prunes for. export are cut another quarter
of a cent a. pound, and possibly some re
strictions holding the export- trade in the
hands of California packers are removed.
Suggestion.
California Cured Fruit Association
Meets President Bond's
CUT IN THE PRICE
¦ OF EXPOBT PRUNES
BRITAIN STATES
THE OBJECTIONS
•niy trEWYORK; March 25 .— President
F^ J Mitchell of the" Miners' , Union
| \U sent. "the. following- statement lo
A. Wilkesbarr^to-day :,¦"''..; •"'.:.'
. "I have had: ho 'conference .with ,
J. P. Morgan or any. othijr ,raijroad:presl- '
dent or coal j operator.' -.Contrary, -:to ' re
ports we, the committee,. did j not come to .
New York lii response" to any invitation. ,
¦Lord Lansdowne shows that under arti
cle ,-1 of the Clay ton-Bulwer | treaty the
two parties agreed that neither would oc
cupy or fortify or I colonize or assume or
exercise any dominion : over any part of
Central America, nor attain any of . the
foregoing objects by alliance with any
state or people of Central "America. There
is no similar agreement in the convention.
If, .therefore, .the treaty-'were- wholly .ab
rogated both powers would, except In the
vicinity of the canal, recover entire free
dom of action in Central America. This
change, he thinks, would certainly be of
advantage to the United States and might
be of substantial importance.
The other two amendments, in the opin
ion »of~ Lord Lansdowne, present ¦* more
formidable difficulties. The first of them—
the so-called Davis amendment, which re
serves to the United States the right of
taking any measures which it may find
necessary to secure by its own forces-the
defense of the canal— appears to his Ma
jesty's Government to involve a distinct
departure from- the, principle which' has
until :¦¦ now found acceptance with both
governments, namely, that in time of war
as well as In time of peace the passage of
the canal is to remain unimpeded and is
to be maintained by the power or powers
responsible for Its control.- ' '
'.With this amendment added tcv the con-'
vention the United States would be :it is
presumed, within ' its 'rights if at any
moment when it seemed to it that
its safety required it. in view, of war
like preparations not yet commenced, but
contemplated or supposed to be contem
plated by another power; ;¦ it ' resorted " to
warlike acts : in or. near the -canal— acts
clearly consistent with the neutral char
acter which it has always been sought to
give it, and which would deny the free use
The Matter of! Fortification.
> The -Clayton-Bulwer treaty* Is" an interna
tional compact of unquestionable validity, a
contract which, According; to the laws of in
ternational»usage, > ought- not • to be •. abrogated
or modified - save with the consent of both
parties to the contract. ' In spite of this usage,
his , Majesty's Government I finds itself con
fronted by« a 'proposition, communicated to-l{
by the United States .Government 'without any
previous .. attempt to 'ascertain it« I views, ' for
the abrogation of the . Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
'-: Lord Lansdowne, Secretary of State far
Foreign Affairs, sets forth at some length
the circumstances under which the con
vention was. signed by Lord ..Pauncefote
and the Secretary of State, showing that
the negotiations were initiated" by the
United States and that the British Gov
ernment accepted the convention uncondi
tionally as signal proof of its friendly
disposition and of its desire not to-im
pede the execution of the project declared
to be of national importance to the people
of the United States. Lord Lansdowne
then considers separately the three
amendments of the Senate. He begins by
saying: ¦, ¦ ~ ¦ * -
WASHINGTON, March 25.-^The com
munication from the British, Government
giving, the reasons why that Government
declined to accept the Senate amendments
of the Hay-Pauncefo^e treaty; which -was
delivered to " Secretary |j Hay .by. Lord
Pauncefote on March 11, was made public
to-day. % -
Public the Canal Docu
ment From London.
".•¦».-•
State Departments Makes
TOE SAN^FRA^ClSC'i) ,-'cAJLLi,.^TIJESbA;Y,_ 26, 19(30
JOHN MITCHELL, PRESIDENT
OF THE ¦; "'UNITED.. MINE
WORKERS OP AMERICA.
MRS. CARRIE NATION, THE KANSAS SALOON WRECKERJ WHO VIS
ITED ST. LOUIS YESTERDAY AND' PARLEYED WITH THE PROPRI- >¦
ETOR OF A- RESORT STYLED "THE NATION." T
2
..¦.•¦•• * * . ' : — ¦-.- »¦ y. ¦-. .-
<¦'_ To Cure a. ; in .'•. One _ Day.-' \x
Take ' Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne^ Tablets! ;'j 23a. *•
German ; SteamerBrutus Lost. ; ;.¦.
U» KIEL, % March The^overdiie German
stcamer.'Brutus,; from"; Scotland for ; Kiel/
has been lost with all on board. ¦ •
Not Moving!
Not Having a Removal Sale 1
OUR CARPET DEPARTMENT
Which has been for many years a part of
the California Furniture Company.
WiU Remain
At the Old Stand.
We can sell at the . •
Lowest Possible Prices.
Because we are the LARGEST DEAL-
ERS in Bigelow Axminster3 (all our
own private designs), and in all grade*
of Carpets, Rugs, Mattings. Lino-
leums, etc.
] Before purchasing call and inspect our
immense stock. Estimates furnished.
MERMAN & KOHN,
Exclusive Carpeters.
Starr-King Building. 123 Geary Street.
<tfJ§f Cured While
You Sleep
iMd&m? In Fifteen Days
* Gmn-Sol rent" aissolre* Stricture like snow bo-
Bcath tbo inn, redans Enlarged Prostate am
(treoetben* tb« Seminal Ducts, stopping Drain* im
Kmlssloms In Flft««n D»r». w _
Mo drugs to roln the stomach, bo* » direct local
-and posture application to the entire urethra! tract
Gran-Solrent 1» not a liquid. It 1« prepared la
the form of Crayon* or Pencil*, smooth and Bexi&l*
and *o narrow aa to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
¦The St. Jamea A*»n.. Box 854. Cincinnati. O.. haa
¦ramred at great expense an exhaust- rpirf-l
{relUnstratetf Treatise upon the male LULL
&»tem. which tlw will send » *oy f nrr 1
Sato applicant, illl-a-i
ST. JAME5 ASSN.,
Luck should not be reckoned with in
your investments. I can show you how
Big Profits
On Business Lines;
i IAS R. T7MERSH0N,
537, 53S, 539, 550 PARROTT BUILDING
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Member of San Francisco OH Eichanje.
S l"! unHk8to^MnolnMDDC»nKHK "•¦ ¦ ' 1 1
/^SBSSak bottle LUncS
/ MCBURNEY'8
)fe l$£m Kid npv* ni B '« war
irt -JfT^ A thorocch coxa for
K\ IT; pains la ta« back, ;
O A* B8ICHTS DISEASB,
_^v •• //* feauls trouble*, lncon-'
ttuenoo of urine* brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting oi children, navel, (all naSMU
diopsr. diabetes, and rheamatlinu -
—FOR SALB AT
Xo Percentage Drug Co.. 949-951 Market
st,; Dahlbender I>rug Co., 214 Kearny at.
Sand :3c ln 2c stamps to W. P. McBurney,
41S S. Spring st, Loa Anselea. Cal.. for S
days* treatment. Prepaid |1 50. Druggists.
DR. MEYjERS & C0 B jgjSISh*
Specialists, Dls- ' I . '. -
ease and Weakness 3 Vm
of men. Estab- y?vSf
Ushed 1S8L Consul- W§t . *2?'l&r
tation and 'private ywJLI /-Ai
book free, at office 3-fl.l •'3%^*
or by-mall. Cures ' \°flMi m Ik^m*
guaranteed. Till. foytfRSVjii '<"53
Market street (ele- A^lXM^nv
v a t o r entrance), >«V rt^WKfk.
San Francisco. '-*iisls^4*r53s5s5fc
$IO:#^.RUPTDRE; CURED
vVV^^P £M^>JH//. /op TEN DOLLARS.
'¦•~*SfS&8S SjaaOMtw"^ ThootaodstuiTe been curM
*;Smmli at th»ir own liomM for thi«
s^S^S^kS- 9^^S«^) • 1 n»U price, tireatest ln-
X^^^m jvH^I&y Tentionof the Ace fnenr-
ity and comfort to tkew^-
l&jsSiS; t-fc^r^-B. turwl. N*oworth!rss«alTe^
S? '"** >^>Jl7^*vi^^ !^ or lotions t'>r^^on. Itdo^«
. -\sJ «=*^y» the work. Inrestlgate;
"IwUii *«. 1"» ftrtag fall biformatlon m»Uwl,tminM'-
»telT on rerrtpt 2c. stamp and t hl» »drt. Call or address
¦Aeanic tbbss w. •*» ««'k»« suw«, um haicisco.
fit. BALL'S EEIN VIGOR ATOBMUfM
. Five hundred reward for any Re^E&fl
case we cannot cure. This secret ami B^i
remedy stops all losses ln 24 hours, I v H
cures emissions, Impotency. Varl- &&$ WSf*
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. ' B*T^ 9^n
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all LjLLLj iTiil
wastlns effects of self abuse or i " v.1 fjlri
excesses.' Bent sealed, J2 bottle; 3 bXcadCSN
bottles. $S; iruaranteed to cure any case. 'Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for mala at 1073V,
Market «t.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
/ . , , '
m Bfc G is a non-polsonoua
Glert. 3 pe rmatorrhoe*.
M&BF tn list <Ut».\1 White*, unnatural db-
BEpm Ounautd n chargt , or anr iaflarama-
Blij nsi to itrl«tir#. lion, t ritation or nicer*-
li* 1 «onmtoa. tion .f mneoat mtra-
g?>%THE£t*M3 CHEVIlCllCo. branps. Son-astrinKsnu
licfVciHcmmTi.o.BinH SoU * b^ »"mriata,
C.8.A. 3si or wnt ln pl * in w r»PPW.
JreBfflL. ifyyk DT exprexa, prepaid, lot
¦STti r"l H Cl-.-nUi sent oa roquo*.
(1 f li
>>Sy3?0MARKET ST. SI VggSr
ft 1 rf" n f\\l 1 I Comer rrorth and
VHI.L IIUIHU JTo^'S.una
valises checked fre*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.VA BITTERS. THE
•great Mexican remedy; Ktvea health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 223 Market.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE (,
For the care • of GONORRHEA. GLEET 3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of th<*
Onrans of 1 Generation.
Price II a bottle. For »a!a by lirugsUU.
B '/'¦¦¦ * ¦.¦'./---" ¦ ¦ ¦ \ ¦ ' ¦ sf
I Hats witb \ Puggarees. I
gj : Here is a .bargain for you in hats : Fedora and . Golf ? l|
B shapes inVpearl and steel colors, with puggarees already ||
•I piit'on — puggarees come assorted, so- you can pick out K
9 whatever suits youn fancy. , , M
m T^€ : actual, value :• of^ these hats is $2.50— you will y
1 • find them : . priced 'at* this figure all over the city. Our $2
lv; ( pnce;- ; ; ;¦..-¦ :';'-;''a5|^)E: i
H ¦'<¦:-. \\iOutrOf'iownlo'rders \ filled—- write us. M
1: 718 Market Street. i
ADVEBTISE3IZNTS.Marin's District Attorney Under
* Physician's Care at Qilroy.
SAN RAFAEL, March 25— A. telegram
was received this afternoon from • Gllroy
stating that Marln County's District "At :
torney. Hugh J. Mclsaac, was taken sud
denly ill and that alarming symptoms had
developed, pis . law partner. Attorney
Ryan, and a physician hastened to his aid.
¦ . m i " " ¦ " ' :'¦:•-•. *. ¦¦' ,
Enforcing the Fish Laws.
- SANTA CRUZ, March 25.— The fish and
game laws have been rigidly enforced this
season in this ' county by Game Warden
Welch, and the • fishing this year will be
the best:In its; history. The; members of
the' rod and gun club of.Soquel patrolled
the streams yesterday and will do so next
Sunday to keep- off all poachers. ¦ Two
Japanese . .were*, arrested near Boulder
Creek. They .were catching trout in'Bear
Creek and were placing them in' buckets
of water to; keep them -alive. 1 - One of ; the
Japanese gave the • officer a lively chase
before he was caught. «. \
Of Interest to the Coast.
.WASHINGTON," .'March 25.— The , Post
office at Sycamore. Multnomah County!
Oregon, has been discontinued.: Themaii
will go to'. I^ents. - Postmaster," commis
sioned: Gibsonville, Cal., Maggie - E'
Squler. ; - > . ».-¦;-.
Pension?, ij^sufd .to-day : £ > California-
Original— John ;\Vilt.- Oakland. t *12:*,- Wil
liam H.' Caldweli; Mountain; View; $S.'
HUGH J. McISAAC ILL.
at Santa Rosalia when the lost Andrada
sailed for Astoria. He says" that the crew
was short nine men and '.hat he 'anticipat
ed some disaster to her, as with only, hilf
a crew it would be lmDossible to. handle
the vessel In heavy weather. f!lt la now be
lieved that the' Andrada'a lack of seamen
was responsible for her lorfs, as -the
weather was very heavv.when the. vessel
arrived off the Columbia river.
For several days r r>ast wreckage has
come ashore on the ocean beach near this
city and it is feared some coasting vessels
have been lost. An. agent of the.Ardna
murchan has been at lhe seashore look
ing for further evidence at the Io38 of that
vessel, hope for which / nas • been aband
oned. ¦ '** . : .' :
Sailed From Santa Rosalia With a
Short Crew and Encountered
Heavy Weather.
ASTORIA,. March. < 25.— Captain
England, of the British bark Thistle, was
ANDEADA'S LOSS DUE
TO LACK OF SEAMEN
EUREKA, March 25.— Emll Brandberg
was fatally stabbed by Hugh McKenzle
during a drunken row at Riverside, near
here, last night. The blade of McKenzie's
knife broke off in Brandberg's head an-1
was not extracted until to-day. Brand
berg's death is expected at any moment.
Fatal Stabbing Affray.
morrow for Masagan. *on the. coast of
Morocco, where she will remain until
United States Consul Gummere has se
cured an adjustment of the claims of
the American Government at the Moroc
ra n ca pltal.
Warship Will Remain on the Coast
Until the United States Consul
Adjusts Claims.
GIBRALTAR. March 25.— The armored
cruiser New York Is ready to sail to-
2JEW YORK TO STEAM
FOR MOROCCO. TO-DAY
On Saturday night Dunnie essayed ; to
make another financial raise and touched
off a pile of staves. -The Wood was
charged with much plter* and before Den
nie could prevent it .he whole pile roare<!
Into a furious fire, which Ignited the buiid
ing and destroyed it in spite of the efforts
of thia d*uartment to mve it. ; The effort
of Dennre to gain ¦ a low dollars, reward
cost the soap company about $12,000.
SACRAMENTO, » March 25.— James M.
Dennle, night watchman at the Capital
Soap Company's works is in iail on a
charge of having destroyed the works by
fire on last Saturday night, to' which
charge he has confessea. Dennie had a
desire to stand welLin the estimation of
his employers and to erain ¦ a reputation
for extreme vigilance. In furtherance of
this design he several tunes started fires
in the dead of night, turned in alarms,
and then s«t about to extinguish the con
flagration before the department reache'l
the scene. Naturally . this watchfulness
pleased his employers, and he was each
time given a cash rev/ard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.*
Watchman Confesses That
He Caused a Sacramento
Conflagration.
STARTS A FIRE
TO EARN REWARD
widow the family consists of Thomas E.
Jr., Valentine J. and Miss Josephine J.
Rowan.
Mr. Rowan came to Los Angeles 'in 1S61
and has been prominently identified since
that time with the city's growth and pub
lic life. In the campaign of 1892 he was
prevailed upon to accept the Democratic
nomination for Mayor and was elected by
a large majority, serving for two years.
Since that time he has retired to private
life, and although importuned frequently
to again become the party's standard
bearer he has persistently refused.
As a mark of respect Mayor Snyder to
day ordered the City Hall flag at half
mast. The Mayor officially notified Jthe
Council of the death of the former chief
executive of th^ city. Mr. Rowan was de
servedly popular and leaves a wide circle
Qf friends.
PETALUMA, March 25.— The fight for
the possession of Gertrude Justin, the lit
tle heiress to the estate of the late Mrs.
Mary Perry, is declared off. The father.
Krank Justin, to-day recovered the child
from its grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jo
seph Perry, who were detaining her at
Larkspur. Marln County. The child was
recovered by habeas corpus proceedings.
The contest between . the Perrys and
Justin has now turned from the child to
the estate of $10,000 left to her. The
Perrys claim that Justin, the foster child
of Mrs. Mary Perry, was never adopted
by her, :ind hence his daughter .has no
legal claim to the estate.
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Instituted
by; the Father Prove Suc
f cessful.
HIS CHTLD RESTORED
• TO KLONTHKER JUSTIN"
LOS ANGELES, March 25.— Former
Mayor Thomas E. Rowan Is
dead. The end came . at -7:50
o'clock this morning at the home
of his son, Valentine Rowan, 123
West Adams street, where he was cared
for during his- last illness. -Mr. Rowan
was taken sick with diabetes on February
2S. and since then he has hovered on the
brink of eternity, with nothing but his re
markable vitality staying death's hand.
When the physicians were called in one of
them was asked how long the prostrated
man could live. "Twelve hours," was the
reply. That was more than three yweeks
ago. He grew apparently worse at 2
o'clock this morning, and it was evident
that the end was at hand. Besides the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FORMER MAYOR THOMAS E. ROWAN OF LOS ANGELES, WHOSE
DEATH IS ANNOUNCED. FOR FORTY YEARS HE HAS BEEN
PROMINENT IX THE SOUTHERN CITY'S AFFAIRS.
r '.'*¦
Succumbs to Her Injuries.-
; :•.: SANTA*:CRUZ,* March 25.— Mrs. Charles
T." i Masors , " who £ was f thrown f out' of ¦, her
buggy a runaway '.near* Soquel on
Saturday,! died- this ; morning as the result
of her injuries. ; -^ ':--.;;.¦ . ¦
LOS ?ANGELES. ? March 25.— The ; annual
SouthernXCallfornia^jlnterscholastic; and
all-comers' s tennis * tournamentiwill I begin
at - Nordhoff •" on ' Thursday • morning and
continue t<t Saturday, evening. >Ninety-one
entries have been received: from ; all parts
of . Southern-: California. ... Twenty-three
schools r * will • » Fend ¦ . tepresentatives .. and
there -will ;.be eighty-four matches, «not
counting consolations^-. ";'""
Interscholastic Tennis Meet.
SANTA ANA, , March 25.— William _ M.
MInyard, a. young man * prominently; cen
nected at Santa Ana,' was arrested at ; the
latter place to-day on a chaTge of obtain-^
ing > money- under * false .. pretenses. ' ;Slx
weeks ago Minyard presented two checks,
approximating; $150 and drawn on. the San
ta Ana National Bank;* at a saloon in Bar
stow/this county. They. were cashedflbut
later ; !t was ; found that tWe young man
had no funds in the bank. ¦ He fled to Ari
zona," but last night : he returned • to : Santa
Ana on a' visit to relatives and his arrest
f ollowed. / <*>'-' ¦"¦' , '¦¦¦¦'¦ ' : ,' /
Flees to Arizona, but Returns to Visit
Relatives , and ; Is Placed '
Under Arrest. ..
The grounds cf the hotel are. to be bril
liantly Illuminated, the finest music -will
be provided and the dlning-hall will have
extensive -floraT 'decorations." Some .- of
the -floral' pieces i will 'be , symbolic, of • the
occasion. - Committees from the Improve
ment and Farmers' Club have the matter
in charge.' ;,.';:''-.-
SANTA ANA YOUl^G MAN
CASHES BOGUS CHECKS
SAN JOSE, March 25.— The banquet to
mark the celebration of the completion of
the coast road and at which President
Hays of; the Southern j Pacific will be | the
guest of honor will be the most elaborate
affair of Its kind ever given. here. It will
be held at the^ Hotel Vendome.*
O. A." Hale has been ¦ ;-s««lected ¦ as
master, of ceremonies : and Judge J. >R.
Lewis toastmaster. The attendance is lim
ited to 150, of whom fifty 1 will be visitors.
The : commercial bodies along the ' coast
route ¦ have been,- Invited to send;.repre
sentatives.:; .'¦.::¦•' .:¦¦"¦ . ¦ ¦ ;. ¦-•.¦-•¦¦,...-¦¦<
Completion of the Coast
Railroad.
San Jose's Plans for Celebrating th4
SAN JOSE. March 25.— In Justice Rosen
thal's court this morning Francisco Freg
gerlo," an 8-year-old girl, charged that her
mother. Mrs. Domingo Freggerlo. a Mex
ican, who resides at 246 El Dorado street,
had in a fit of anger pulled out her hair I
by the roots. In proof of the assertion
Francisco exhibited ¦ her head, where the
scalp was bare In several spots. Besides
this cruelty the girl said that her mother
had severely beaten her without any pro
vocation. Mrs. Freggerio was charged
with battery ond arrested: She pleaded
not guilty and her trial was set for the
20th. In default of ?500 bail she was sent
to the County Jail. The little girl has
been placed in the Pratt Home.
The woman, who has eight,. children,
came here recently from San'Juan. where
her husband deserted her. The Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children .
will take the case lri hand.
HAYS BANQUET WILL BE
AN ELABORATE AFFAIR
the Roots.
Hair Was Pulled Out by
Eight- Year-Old Girl- Proves That Her
Polk's complaint' is also alleged to be
defective in thatit' falls to show the ne
cessity for the services rendered, quoting
instead resolutions of the ' Railroad Com
missioners which are not conclusive \of
plaintiff's contention. Leave is granted to
amend complaint in this particular on ap
peal.
ACCUSES HER MOTHER
OF SHOCKING CRUELTY
The Board of Railroad Commissioners cannot
make a contract binding on the State far ser
vices to be rendered them during any, fiscal
year In excels of the appropriation made by
the Legislature for. that year. Any contract
for services In excess of the appropriation, to
be binding, on .the .State, must be approved by
the Legislature by .'appropriating money- for
payment thereof.. 'An action cannot be main
tained-on a contract for such services until
the Legislature has acted.
¦PnlV'a romnlalnt' la also allpsred to hf.
LOS ANGELES, March 26.— In the suit
of I. H. Polk asralnst the State of Califor
nia Judge York to-day sustained the
State's demurrer. On April 22, 1898. Polk
was employed by the State Railroad Com
missioners as an expert to examine the
books of railroad and transportation com
panies with a view/ to the fixing of rates
of transportation. He completed his work
on December 31. 1S98, and the Board of
Examiners fixed his compensation at
$7709 50, but did not order the amount paid.
The total appropriation available that
year for all expenses connected with the
work of the Railroad Commissioners was
only $1500.* -> Nothing was paid Polk and he
brought suit to recover . tha . amount
awarded him by the Board of Examiners.
In his opinion this morning Judge York j
says:; ... ' . ¦ . / ,/ . ;
Railroad Commission.
Judge York Decides Against the
. Former Attache of the State
EXPERT POLK LOSES HIS
SUIT AGAINST STATE
LOS ANGELES, March 25.-W..G. Nev
in,' general rnanager of the Santa Fe sys
tem west of Albuquerque,. has completely
recovered his health and will resume' his
offlclaldutles in a short time. When, he
temporarily turned over. his offlce to Gen
eral Superintendent A. G. ¦ Wells it was
rumored, in local railway; circles thfit- Mr.
Nevin had retired permanently from rail
road affairs; that he had amassed a con
siderable" fortune through his dealings in
oil properties and stocks;; that he (intend
ed making a tour of Europe for hearth
and rest, and would subsequently devote
himself to private interests. Mr. Nevin's
health has been restored without recourse
to a. European trip, and the statement
that he will shortly resume the. functions
of general manager may be accepted as
giving the quietus to the rumors concern-
Ing his retirement.
Pe Profits by His Brief
K; .- - ': Bestir-- .
General Manager Nevin of the Santa
REGAINS iHEALTH AND , :
WILL RESUME OFFICE
Henry Thom, aged 12 years, and Manuel.
Dias, aged 10, concluded that they had no
further use for the multiplication table or
the mysteries ; of geography and. that the
easiest way to avoid them would be to de
molish the temple wherein they : were
taught. Their / teacher, Miss Matilda
Howe, no; warm corner In their
hearts. All these facts spurred' them . to
activity yesterday afternoon, .when they
besieged the . deserted building and bom
barded its doors and windows with clubs
and brickbats. -.Under \the assault every
pane : of glass Was , broken and the green
shutters were converted Into- kindling
wood. The light panels of the doors were
SAN RAFAEL. March 25.— Two . small
boys , wrecked .the Reed schooihouse f near
Tiburon yesterday and afterward, by say
ing, that they had seen tramps do the mls T
chief, gave the peace officers of thia city
a merry chase ;•'. after \ three imaginary
hoboes.: The schooihouse is situated three
miles north of Tiburon, near the railroad
track.'
SANTA CRUZ, March 25.— Few places In
California can equal Boulder Creek's an
nual rainfall. A table of the rainfall for
the past thirteen years has been compiled,
the grand total being ' 763.02 inches, an
average of 58.70 inches a year/
Some Rain at Boulder Creek.
-.WASHINGTON. '£ March 25.— Reports
were ., current in the "War Department to
day that SecretaryjRoot would leave the
Presidential -party 'after the launching of
the battleship Ohio in San Francisco in
May: and would visit the Philippines.
When asked about the matter to-day tha
Secretary made" no - secret . of his desire
to go to the Philippines. He fears, how
ever, that he has not the time and can
not leave the country while -so many im
portant questions are pending.
After Launching of the Ohio Boor
; Will Probably-Take Ship for the
* Philippines.
SECRETARY OF WAR
MAY GO TO LUZON
After completing their work of destruc
tion the youngsters went home, each re
peating a tale of how three drunken
tramps had- wrecked the schooihouse.
They gave minute descriptions of the Im
aginary hoboes and greatly excited the
neighborhood. Teams were dispatched to
haul away to safety all the school para
phernalia and word was sent to this city
to look out for three tramps.
Constable Hughes went to the scene of
the trouble and from tiny footprints found
on the smashed shutters he saw that boys
had done the '¦ work. After much ques
tioning Henry Thom and Manuel DIas ad
mitted their guilt and were brought be
fore Justice of the Peace Rodden of this
city and charged with malicious mischief.
They were taken home by their parents
and will have their court trial later. In
the meantime the. parents are testing all
the | leather straps in the neighborhood.
DIas' father is a trustee of the school.
The parents will pay the damages.
smashed in and the light fixtures in th©
interior of . the building; came in for an
equal share . of the : ruin wrought by the
youthful vandals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
cordance with the requirements of the
statute governing the organization of ir
rigation districts.
LOS ANGELES, March 25.-A decision
was handed down to-day by the Supreme
Court Fustalnins the validity of the Perris
irrigation district. A. suit In quo warranto
wap brought In the name of the people of
tht State, with the permission of the At
torney General, in which It was alleged
that the district was not organized in ac-
ris Appeal Case.
Supreme Conit's Decision in the : Fer-
IRRIGATION DISTRICT VALID.
Hicks contended that the Board of Su
pervisors acted wrongly in admitting- the
tally sheet, and brought suit against
Stewart to have him ousted. Steward-de
murred and his demurrer was sustained.
Hicks appealed to the Supreme Court, and
the. latter body has reversed the decision
of the lower court, and the case will now
•be tried on Its merits. *.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— In the No
vember elections of 1S3S Thomas H. Hicks
(Democrat) and Nat Stewart (Republican)
were candidates for the office of Sheriff
of Sa.nta Barbara County. When the
Board of Supervisors canvassed the re
turns those from Cold Springs precinct
were missing. The tally sheet of this pre
cinct was use! in computing the total
vote. The precinct gave Stewart, accord
ing to the tally sheet, fifteen votes and
Micks fourteen, creating a tie. With this
precinct left out Hicks had a majority of
one vote. The board admitted the tally
Fheet In the count, declared the vote a tie
and ordered a new election, in which
Stewart won.
in Santa Barbara Shrievalty
Contest.
Supreme Court Decides for Appellant
BEVESSES THE RULING
OF THE LOWER COURT
Col will how take the offlce as soon as
the remittltur from the court is received
and hip bond arranged. The county will
be the loser to the extent of J1000. as both
contestants wi:i have received pay for the
earae office.
This decision will affect the office of City
Justice, which is now being filled by O. D.
Richardson, who was seated over Charles
W. • Cobb in a similar contest by Judge
Rhodes.
Col had been appointed by the Super
visors to fill a vacancy in the Auditor's
offlce caused by the resignation of C. A.
Barker. At the last general election the
Supervisors failed to include the Audit
or's offlce in the. election proclamation.
The Repnblicans. following an opinion by
District Attorney Campbell, made no
nomination for the office of Auditor. Mar
tin Murphy was nominated by the Demo
crats and elected. Judge Rhodes ordered
Murphy's name placed on the ballots, and
later when the Supervisors refused to
count the vote3 can for Murphy the court
was appealed to. Rhodes decided that the
appointment of Col to fill the vacancy
held only until the first Sta.te election,
and not until the expiration of the teim.
which was in 1902. Under this ruling Mur
phy was given the offlce about a month
ago. ousting Col. Subsequently Murphy
collected X&26 bqck pay. a similar amount
having been paid to Col also. An appeal
to the Supreme Court was then taken.
SAN JOSE. March *5.— The State Su
preme Court to-day reversed the decision
of Judge Rhodes In the Murphy-Col con
test over the office of County Auditor,
and decided that Al G. Col was entitled
to- the place. The action arose o\"er the
interpretation of the State law in regard
to filling vacancies in the office of Aud
itor. It Is provided that the Supervisors
shall lill the vacancy for the unexplred
term, or until the next general election.
The same question arose in many coun
ties ar.d the outcome of the appeal has
been eagerly awaited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Holds That Officials Appointed to Fill
.Vacancies Retain Their Places
Until Regular Term
/ Expires.
Decision on a Santa Clara
Appsal Affects Many
Counties.
SUPREME COURT
UNSEATS MURPHY
herself.
The young woman was married while
yet in her teens to a man named Smith.
Her married life was of short duration,
and she returned to her home and re-
Bumed her maiden name. "• Then she met
Matthew Zwinge and they became-.en
gaged. Zwlnge seemed to have lightly re
garded his obligations to the girl, and she
soon returned his ring. They effected , a
reconciliation, but apparently the young
lover regarded the girl as a plaything, to
be cast off at will, ¦ and , he kept . her in
constant uncertainty. ; Several times she
attempted to take 'her life, but her ef
forts were thwarted. :
On" Saturday evening the young woman
returned from Stockton, believing that
Zwlnge was about to keep his promise to
marry her. They met, failed to reach an
understanding, parted and met again in a
restaurant on Bunday" morning. She ap
pealed to him to marry her. but * he put
her off with the assurance that "perhaps
he would/in tho future."-. , -
When Miss Oentany left him she wrote
a touching farewell to her family. She
told of material that had been purchased
for a wedding dress and -could now be
used as a shroud. Said she: .-. ,\: : :
To the last he will not marry m?. Hb knows
the condition I am in.; They have disgraced
me by saylns: I am crazy, but I am not; only
lie has fooled me. ¦ _• * :
Pinning this to her. dress, she all but
drained the phial of poison. She fell to
the sidewalk and died in a short time. !
The Coroner's inquest was held to-day.
The girl's uncle said she had: intimated
that her despondent acts were caused by
Zwinge's treatment of «her. He declared
that without a doubt Zwinge's persistent
refusal to marry the girl he had wronged
caused her to take her, life.
ANGELS CAMP. "March " 25.—Disap
pointed In love and believing herself to be
disgraced, Sayde; % Cehtany brought -.her
earthly career to a tragic end by swallow
ing carbolic acid yesterday. She had pre
viously made several attempts' to destroy
8peclal I Dispatch I to The Call.
With Her Betrothal
¦ ' ..¦'••¦•' . ' •-•¦'¦;"¦
Tragedy, Follows a Lover's Refusal
to -Keep the Pledge He Gave
Yoiiiig Girl Commits Suicide
on a Street of Angels
C&mp v ¦'.-
POISON HER BALM
FOR RUINED LIFE
FORMER MAYOR ROWAN
DIES IN LOS ANGELES
Southern Metropolis Loses a Man Projni
nently Identified With Its Progress.
YOUNG HATERS OF BOOKS
WRECK A SCHOOLHOUSE
Two Lads Destroy a Reed's Station Fountain
of Learning and Send officials After
Mythical Culprits.
MASONS JUGGLE
HOD AND TROWEL
Ssbastcpol Lodgamen Live
Up to the Meaning of
Their Name.
- - . » .
Donate Their Services for a Day in
the Construction of a Brick
Block for Their Futuro . _»'
Home. vC-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEBASTOPOL. March 23.— For one en
tire day the members of the Masonic fra
ternity in Sebastopol have lived up to
their name as it applies to a hard-working
trade. They* took oft. their coats and for
ten long hours mixed mortar and laid
bricks, doing each his share in the con
struction of the fine business block that
Is to grace SebastopoVs main street. The
principal results x>f the Masons" work
were lame backs and blistered hands, but
each worfcer looks with pride upon his
aches, for they were endured in a good
cause.
The new block is to house the Masonic
Lodge and do service also as a location
for stores and offices. When completed
the block, will be the largest and best one
In Sebastopol.'
On April 10 elaborate dedication ceremo
nies will accompany the laying of the cor
nerstone of the building-. The Masons of
the sweral lodges of Sonoma County will
participate. The marble for the corner
etone has 'been donated bv E. "W. M.
Evans c-r Petaluma. and O. B. Ackerman
has the contract for the building.
WEL TOW A MAMMOTH
RAFT ACROSS PACIFIC
Portland Company's Plan to Send Ten
Million Fe<2t of Lumber to
the Orient.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 23.— The Rob
ertson Raft Company In the near future
will build a mammoth raft containing al- .
most 10.000.000 feet "of logs, which will b«
towed across the Pacific Ocean^ to. Oriental
points. Fbr several years the Robertson
Raft Company has been engaged in con
structing and towing large rafts to San
Francisco. The success of the. past few
years haa inspired the company with con
ridence and It haa decided that If a raft
can be successfully, towed to San Fran
cisco one can be towed across the ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 196fe
3
Ring.
Aniitritious food
ls"a surprise to «ee you looklngT^j
f^outhfully fresh and robust."- said tb« q n K spn ,; na . *u_ ; n ipr-
reporter "It was reported, lut. year. Vjn ousenill^ llie,inier-
tnat you were a shadow." „ view with Samuel L
"It was true." said Mr. Clexntns. "but wc " U1U1 y.
i am in sound health, now. i had an Clemens (Mark Twain)
*>lght years* persistent dispute with - m — _*. v ¦ r _. /
dyspepsia, but srot rtd of It last January m the Hartford (Connec-'
by adding Plasmon to my other food, v
and have had noretorn of It since. Plas- tlCllt) Lourailt, the geil-
mon Is a -food; it Is* pare albumin -. »
extracted from milk, and wa« discov- eral manager of the Amer-
erea by Si-bold, the chemist, tn Vienna. . pi acrnon C, Mir *,V nfo
when I was there two or three yean -Can riasmon byndicate
25?* rJr'ifourf^Vnti 1 & Ltd. wrote to Mr. Clem-
iV^lll- no^^rit^r^it^t ens asking whether the
thehelpofmeeicine.ajideodothephy. paragraph, m which he
s!clans. but they did not know. It then. 4 ,-,,•,
The 'Lancet* and the other medical Jour- spoke 111 Such high terms
na!s Informed them. I ordered It rrom ' »
the druggist here. In Europe, from the of riasmon, was correct as
-'«t!c^ t, th. published.
tf.cr'x Twain's Reply (o ifit American Plasmon Syndicate:
lor Sale at Leading 'Druggists and Grocers .V
AMERICAN 'PLASMON SYNDIC ATE; Ltd., New York-
Information cheer iiilly given at offices of Syndicate. \
204 Crocked Building, Son Francisco .,-,
I A man said to us the otrjer day, "I see youi* clothing is made by union
I labor. As union men demand higher wages than other workmen, why doesn't
your clothing cost me more than that of other dealers?" j
We answered, "In -buying from us, you buy direct from the makers, thus I
| saving the extraordinary profit that goes to a middleman in other cases. This
alone amounts to the difference between the wages of union men and poor labor.
And furthermore we. manufacture for our San Francisco store and for our New.
York store and buy the cloth in big quantities direct from the mills at large cash |
discounts. Also our system; of cutting and making saves extra labor. And in i
I ¦conclusion we sell at fair profirsY"
That we offer values (is evident .to any customer who takes occasion to
You should see the splendid line of spring suits that we sell at
$7.50 and SIO.OO
v ; At 57.50.we have fast indigo blue serges in all wool, good weight .
material, and all-wool tweeds in the latest shades of checks and stripes. * 4$^V
S At jiolco we showman assortment of f-'ay worsteds in steel gray |£ft*|
fand olive shades and about twenty patterns of tweeds in stylish V-^Y
Jcheck 5 and stripes. • . . ;). IjC^pLl:'" '
Boys' Three= Piece Suits. JB& < -
I . We also manufacture the clothing in our boys' department, and
can sell at low prices for.the same reasons as above stated. Surely, S£Hlii3S '£9 '
to buy bovs' clothe^ at a saving affords mothers a good opportunity '
for economizing. This department' is situated on our second fbor, ? 'jjaHOMjig
and is light, airy and comfortable. fMrnSsBk/
Here are only a f^w of the many interesting values: 6||llpipil|f' ¦
Three-piece suits, ages 9 to 16; latest arrivaft in S:otch tweeds. 1111111111 ¦'
Coat is made in the new round-cornered effect; vest double-breasted, lliliflli/ I
perfect fitting, prices '"':..] :v ". '. • . W||
$4.00 $4.50 $S.OO II
Boys' neckties, spring patterns, in bows, tecks, four-in-hands Wl jw I
arid imperials, 25c each. , W Hi
Children's '•ilk front shirts, ages 5 to 12, all colors, regular y&j (^\
!v"price 50c, now 35c. • &^ V TO . j
Just arrived— rline of straw hats in all colors from 25c up.
1 our whndow8?;££\ % A I d~\ jT\ BF\ t* Ottl-of-town or-/
i -they are inter- ?^|»/^* Ifwlil li 1 1 1 Xl I i"i. .fi^ d ~ ™*\*
1 . :%?¦¦ j VJ / ?• m %^Jr \ W EL W l^Ji Ei 1 W* us for any thing in
j esling.Jfoteqital- *-T £ .F-.Tr: W ...***¦ \J** clothing furnish- I
I Uies and price,. \ 7 l8 Market Street. ingsorhats.* B. ; F.' McKinley; Assistant i Postmaster
at , San Francisco,- says he . is not a candi
date for Assistant United States Attorney i
and he denies also a statement, that he is
the President's nephew. He is the Presi
dent's uncle. -. - . .; '-^ - ¦ -.- ; ¦ '
Does j Not \ Want the \ Office.
LOS ANGKLES, March 25.— If (money* Is
an incentive to ' win ball games - Los An
geles Viir fly the California. League Vpen
nant this year. At a meeting of the di
rectors of the ¦ Los Angeles Baseball As
sociation ; to-night $500 : was voted- as fa
bonus to be divided 'equally amongi'the
players in case they succeed in bringing
, the "rag" to. this city. - ° °
Reward for 'Ball Tossers.
IiOUISVILLB, Ky., March 25.— Kid Car
ter of Brooklyn and Jack Bonner of Phila
delphia met for a ' twenty-round bout at
Music Hall to-night. • . It - resulted in 1 a
draw, ¦ according ., to the decision 5 nf .. the
local referee. 1 The crowd, :'¦ however
showed that It thought the decision should*
have" been "riven to . Carter. Bonner ; was
knocked down several times, while Carter"
was fresh at the end. * >
King- Battle Ends in a Draw.
CHILD SCARCE i SIXTEEN
;^ WANTS TO; BE;-»EAJ>E
Procures, With Mother's Consent; Xi
*.; c&se : tol Marry, an \. Antipodean
• • ' Pugilist With Short Becofd. ;
" Bertram*' Cox, ' ' who- : claims to ;b© ; I tfie
charnplohlllghtweight pugilist of Austra
lia, yesterday procured a license to marry
Allce ? L.v Phillips, - who" resiaes . with * her
mother at 148 Sixth street and who will
be r 16 years old next ; month. ,The girl's
mother gave her consent > to the marriage ;
which will ¦ be ¦ celebrated 'in a,- day, or .so. '
NEW YORK,. March 23.-JamesJ.Jef7'
fries and Gus Rublin have about; com.-,
pleted , arrangements to fight forf^the
championship of. the* world In San Fran
cisco. # In fact, they are' practically,
matched. They have been offered a date,.
July 1, by J. J. : Groom, manager j and
matchmaker -of. the National : Sporting
Club of Sari; Francisco. ' .\
'• The only ' hitch s is on the question of
.the fighters' share - of the \ receipts/ The '
club has 'offered '.the- men 60 per -cent -'pf
the 'gross receipts for a twenty or;tw'en
,ty-flve. round contest. "Billy" MadaenA
manager of Ruhlln, and acting for ?the
Akron/- man,- -has .demanded 70 per ¦«¦ ceht
of the gross receipts and $500 f or ¦'.-¦¦ ex- ¦
penses to San Francisco.- - :.•'
The question of the date has been left:
open to Jeffries, who demanded this con-;
cession before he would q.gree to * make
a match. On other matters Jeffries has k
notified Madden that he will agreeuto the
terms asked by , Ruhlln. Madden and
Ruhlln have been negotiating with;Groom
for three weeks past and % have been in
the city during that time. They , expect
a definite reply to Madden's demand to
day. • ¦ • • i : ..¦¦¦:¦¦•,. ;',: -¦.;:',
- Ruhlln, accompanied by his manager,:
will leave New York for St. Louis Eri-"-'
day, next, where Ruhlln haa a week's,
engagement aV a . theater. Jeffries in
'the -West filling a theatrical engagement,
lie will cut short his Thespian conquests
when ' the date for the match ; is . settled
definitely and go into active preparation
for the event. > .- :
National Sporting Club of
This City Arrangis^;
. the Big Match^ : A: / r %
JEFF TO FIGHT
RUHLIN HERE
plan of attack. It will be a battle worth
seeing. For preliminaries Manager Groom
has matched • clever Tommy Cox and
"Billy" Granfield and "Kid" McFadden
and Danny, Mahoney. The winner of the
latter bout will be matched t^th Dough
erty, Terry McGovern's sparring partner.
who is looked upon as being- the champion
bantam of the world. ••-* ¦ ¦ ¦
• The sale of seats for the flght3 will
open at Corbett's td-tnorrow afternoon.
There have be,en many orders for choice
boxes and the first to come will have their
pick. .... ( S S<LS^
MXTRDEBS HIS WIFE A^vf
v : : AND SHOOTS HIMSELF
Husband of Milliner, From Whom
He Had- Separated, Commits
. Double. Crime In Chicago."
. CHICAGO, March 23. — Charles Lattimer
went Into his wife's millinery store at 506
West Slxty-thhd street to-day, walked up
behind Mrs. Lattimer, who was examin
ing a hat preparatory to delivering it to
a customer, and without a word shot her
in the head, killing her instantly. Lat
timer then placed the weapon to his own
head and fired, Inflicting a fatal wound.
Mr. and Mrs. Lattimer. had been living
apart for some time. .
The citizens and property owners of th^
Bucket District held an indignation meet-
Ing last night and registered an empha^c
protest against the condition of the sew
erage in the district. The meeting wr>s
convoked by the Sunset District Improve
ment Club. The principal discussion aro*e
over the condition of the main branch of
the sewerage system, which commences
at the Almshouse. It has no outlet and
has created at Fourteenth avenue a lake
filled with .stagnant disease breeding
•water.
Complain of Defective Sewerage.
London Races in the Snow.
LONDON. March 23.— The flat racing
season was opened at Lincoln. to-day In a
snowstorm. Richard Croker ran his bay
fllly.Eileen Violet, with J. Relff up, in the
first race, the Trial "plate, of 200 sover
eigns, for three-year-olds and : upward,
over a straight mile, but failed to secure
a place. J, Lewis' bay colt Summer Gale
winning. '¦¦_'
The Tathweir stakes, of 220 sovereigns
each frtr starters. .with 100 6overefgns.add
ed, for two-year-olds, distance ; five fur
longs straight, was won by, Five • Rivers'
chestnut colt Con, Lester Relff up.
The Batthyahy plate (handicap), of BOO
sovereigns,; foe three-year-olds, . five fur
longs straight, was won by H..JV King's
Esmeralda II, with A. -Mclntyre; in the
saddle. ¦¦:¦¦¦ ', ¦-'.¦•. -.-¦•.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. March 25.— The
,spring> meeting of the Arkansas Jockey
Cluh was. held to*day. The weather was
cloudy the track in Rood condition,
though -6. little slow-..- Results::'
. Flret'race. etx furlongs, celling— Harry Duke
won, Morns Volmer "eecond, Jim -Gore II third.
Time. J:1S&. ,, . f. ; . . . .
' Second race, four furlongs — Jordan won, Anna
Louise second. Miss Dora third. Time, , :51%. ' •¦
Third race, six furlongs, puree— Larkspur
won. Horseshoe Tobacco second, Elsie Del
third. Time. 1:18>4. ¦
Fourth race, one miff. Turf, Congress sweep
stakes—Lady Strathmore won, Tuscarora sec
ond.-. Little .Tommy JTuckery third. Time. • l:47»
I «Fifth' 'race. . selling, one . mile— Chub won,
M^gs second. Juliet ta B third. 'Time. l:49%.v r
Sixth race, one mile, ¦. selling— J; •. H. .- Sloan
won. Jessie Jarboe" second, Georgle Gardner
third. Time, I:46X.; ; • " ..
Arkansas Club Meeting.
First race — Dunboy, Montanus, Osmond.
Second race— Benson Caldwell, Sublime, Tony
Lepptng. - . ">',•,.'•
'•jiiiiijd race— Ollnthus, May Boy, Rio Chico. tf
-Fourth race— Nullah. • Jennie,. Silver Garter*-*
th race— George . Dewey, Illusion, Cather
ine Bravo. , . .. ". >*' .;-
Sixth race-«-Aphrodl«, ' Letlger, • Hlpponax. ,r '• ¦
Probable Winners.
- - Sixth - race— Seven furlongs; maiden tbree
>ear-olds and up; selling: s v
2114 Aphrodls 89 1740 Bill Bohmanson S«
2169 Robert J. ....... 94 1829 Cambaceres .... 98
2169 The Gafflr 85 2140 Gold Beater.. ..113
«69 Master Oil 104 2175 Let!*er 103
2026 Katie Walcott-.lOO 2056 Louise Hooker.103
21S0 Hlpponax ......1141,- ?
Fourth race— Five and a half furlong*; four
year-oldg and up; gelling:
(20?S)McAlbert 110 2167 Brown Prince.. 110
209S Sweet William. 103 2171 Nullah 104
211S Genua ...108 2188 Silver Garter. ..104
2007 The Singer 101 2158 Antasone 1C*
21S0 Artllla 104 2110 Jennie 103
2153 Devexeaux.... . .106 1930 Wallensteln ....106
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; maiden three
year-olds and up; eelllng:
2165 Illusion 89i .... Mifford 110
2162 Alpha Lee Stf 2162 Kath. Ennls.... 91
2169 Dance Along.. ..106 2140 Cath. Bravo 89
¦ 2093 Canejo-.;:>...i..l00l 1702 Wardman - . 103
2162 Singer '... 89 19S4 Delia Conners.:103
2169 George Dewey.. 91 f*
Third race— Mile and three^Luartera; hurdle;
over seven hurdles; purse: ~ ',. •
21S4 May Boy .-...145 2115 J O C 140
• 2110 Taruba '-. 116 2050 Kactvo ...126
1523 Colonel Root. . ..140 (21S4)OHnthus »157
f2172)Rlo Chico HI 20S8 Granger ........140
2100 Dlomed 126 2080 Romany .........140
•2145 Faversham 139
Second race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; telling:
21S1 Benv>ta ,*..107f 2146 Birdie Stone 95
ISM Introductor ....112 2170 Satin Coat...... 98
2134 Nellie Forest.. .100 2181 Tony Lepplng.. 100
2176 Eonlc 96 ! (21S2)Sublime 98
1S7S Merida 9jj 21S6 Ben. Caldwell..lO5
2170 Inunodell loo! 2182 Moonbright .... 98
First race — Five., and a half furlonss; four
ytar-olds &nd up; selling:
W5S St. Anthony... .101 2152 I Don't Know.,105
:0S8 Pat Murphy.... 105 11S9 Rlcardo J10
2172 MontanuB 108 2092 Osmond 110
2058 Dunboy .105 2153 Gold Finder 106
2122 Alary's Garter..lO4 1296 Zurich 110
2178 Mldlan 105 20S6 Formatus 101
To-Day's Entries.
. Del : Mar.: Residence Burne d.
;. ; SANTAV^CRUZri March v'25.— Fire:: last
night destrbyed the residence of P. Moran,
near Del jMar. Loss $6000,. insurance $4000.
-> March *!.'.}, 25.— General
Gr6svehor*of ¦'; Ohio ; has? practically; com
pleted ithe^arrangements ; for,* tne . trip : <if
.the \ Ohio : Congressional delegation * to ; San
Francisco ' on . the < occasion of I the : launch
ing . of ' the i battleship ¦ Ohio. ¦ It 5 Is : under
stood that --one and ? possibly two < special
trains .wiU'convey Governor Nash and the
other Ohioans to "the launching/ .-
statesmen; op ohio i
¦', ; -j prepare tor the trip
San Francisco Business Han Does Not
\'-\ Oppose His WifVs Suit^for .
/..";•; Separation.'. : ;• , v'
WOODLAND, . March 25.— Mrs? Florence
Relyea-Stipp of ? this city, ..was ; to-day, * in
the Superior Court" of this county, ; granted
a' divorce ;from" George H. Stipp of San
Francisco, on the ground of failure' to pro
vide. ¦ , defendant filed an • answer, but
failed ;to» appear ; either in. person; or by
proxy., He is a. well-known business man*
of San -Francisco. , \ '
¦. . . ,-• -¦.. , .' ¦: : — ? : -\ :¦ :• •
;MRS! 'RELYEAiSTIPP •'"
?£ o V ¦ '• GRANTED A DIVORCE
' General -MacArthur Sends a List of
, : •; Casualties Among ' American
¦-¦* ' r " • -"; Troops in Philippines." . ,
, WASHINGTON, March * 25.— The War
Department has received : , the •'. following
casualty list "from General MacArthur:
Killed— February 18, at : Mount : La Salo
wat.'l.Marinduque, Second Infantry,' Bert
Mason;- March 9, San Luis Isabela, Six
teenth.. Infantry, .^Gorporal -Alonzo : G.
Hooker; March 3. , Buena ¦ Vista: - Marin
fiufciue; ¦ Second . Infantry, Alfred ' WV Jones.
-Wounded— Corpotal William v G. , Aldred,
wound" in: leg above 'knee, serious ;¦ James
Brinkerhoff,' buttock, ..moderate;^ -Thomas
Sparres.' wounded in arm, serious; Febru
ary 25,:Nena Swar, Company D,' First In
fantry, Jesse L. Gray, wounded in; leg be
low knee,- slight; * March 15,' Caluan, Lu
zon,. Company L.'-Eighth - Infantry,- First
Sergeant: James iDelaney, wounded in leg
above knee, serious.
AND . WOUNDED - ; . ;
: : .;> - IN "LUZON" BATTLES
... . gencer.
SEATTLE, March 25. — The newspaper
situation to-day in is more inter
esting than, at any! other time since the
announcement in 1S90 that D. E. Durie,
Judge Thomas Burke and several other
prominent old-line Democrats were to
commence the publication of a morning
daily to be called the Telegraph. At that
time Leigh S. J. Hunt, the most remark
able, man who has ever lived in* Seattle,
owned the. Post-Intelligencer,. which sub
sequently passed out of his control. The
struggle between the Post-Intelligencer
and the Telegraph, resulting finally in the
absorption of. the Telegraph by the older
paper,, is a matter of history. From that
time to the present the' Post-Intelligencer
has been In possession , of the morning
field in Seattle' without opposition.
To-day articles of incorporation of the
Washlngtonlan Publishing Company were
filed with the County Auditor, by Clark
Nettleton and F. H. ' Brownell. The
trustees are the same as the lncorporat
ors, with the addition "of C. W. Adams.
-As a matter of .fact, while Leigh Hunt
"refuses to'disciuss' his. plans -at thepres
ent time, every. one knows. that Nettleton
is his most intimate friend. For. years
Nettleton was Hunt's private Secretary.
In New York some time ago Hunt made
that statement '.that he_int6nded' to start
,a new_morning paper in Seattle, and it is
certain 'that; he has ; now. perfected his
plans for invading the Seattle newspaper
field.. - ,'. .'¦,'.-. ' - . - ' •.
.Will Start a Morning Daily in. Oppo
sition to the ,PoBt-Intelli-
LEIGH HUNT RE-ENTERS
SEATTLE NEWSPAPERDOM
PRINCIPALS IN BOXING BOUT
- : TO BE HELD FRIDAY EVEN
ING.
STUTTGART. Wurttemberg, Marcn
25.— There is no truth in the report, printed
in a dispatch of* the Lokal Angelzer of
Berlin from Stuttgart, announcing that
Baron Schott von Schottenstein. the
Wurttemberg Premier, who recently with
drew from the Cabinet owing to his be
ing Implicated In a pending trial, has
committed suicide at Ulm. ¦ •¦
Premier Is Not a Snidde.
Personnel of the Board of Directors
NEW YORK. March 23.— There was a
conference of pteel Interests at the offlca
of J. P. Morgan & Co. to-day. It -was at
tended by Mr. Morgan; Judge Gary.
Charles M. Schwat). John W. .Gates and
Senator Mark Hanna. When it was over
the participants declined to go Into par
ticulars, although one of them said- that
the size and color of the new stock certifi
cates of the United States Steel Corpora
tion wAre discussed. From other sources
'It was 'learned that the personnel of the
board of directors of tha United States
Steel Corporation was decided on.-.- -
Is Decided on, but Not
STEEL MAGNATES HOLD
MEETING WITH MORGAN
SAN RAFAEL.. March 23.— The first day
of the, teachers* institute passed oft with
a full attendance of Marln's Instructors.
Professor Robert Furlong was In tha
chair and Miss Mazle E. Boyd acted as
secretary. The speakers- of the day were
Professor Furfong, Professor R. H. Van
Horn and State School Superintendent T.
J. Kirk.
I -Superintendent Kirk spoke, of. the meas
ures now awaiting. Governor-Gage's-sljr
nature. He disapproved of the home study
bill and believed the Governor would veto
it. He spoke in favor of measure? requir
ing certificated teachers, recognition of
high schools and compulsory attendance
of pupils. He believed In a flexible course
of study, and Impressed upon his listeners
the value of adapting work to the needs
of children.
To-morrow the teachers will visit the
schools of Oakland and Petaluma.
the Signature of the
Governor.
Speaks of School Bills Now Awaiting
SXJPEBINTENDENT KEBK
TO MABIN EDUCATORS
1 The police are strongly Inclined to-be
lieve that- Rodgers and .-Jones, the- two
men - ; who were arrested early yesterday
mornlngifor" robbing? an -old man. named
James , Neal '• of . $40 in sold, at . Clay .and
Montgomery .' streets, are responsible" for
several recent hold-ups. They a,nswer the
description of the men who, about a week
ago, held up a belated' citizen on Mont
gomery avenue.
Rodgers claims that ho Is a discharged
soldier. When searched at the City Prison
a' black silk handkerchief and a pair ol
smoked /eye-glasses - " were found in his
possession. A short time ago a man
named McQonald was held up t>y aMon<?
robber who wore a dark silk handkerchief
as a mask, and relieved of a gold 'watch
and a small amount of money. Wherf re
porting | the robbery to -the police lie said
that the robber, in addition to the mask,
wore a pair of smoked eye-glasses. "- As 11
did not seem reasonable that- a crooh
would wear eye-glasses when holding up a
victim, his story was discredited.
Last night several men who were' the
victims of recent hold-ups visited - pollct;
headquarters, and" were allowed to set
Rodgers and - Jones 'for the ol
identifying them. With the exception ol
one,', whose name the police refuse to dl
vulge.^they failed , to recognize the men.
Jones, who claims to hail from Butt>
Montana, is supposed to have a criminal
record.- To-day* the : police - will wire tc
Montana, with a view of finding out some
thing about the two men. -
Yesterday morning their cases wen
called in Judge . Cabaniss' court and ai
their request a continuance was granted
until Wednesday.
Police Belreve Rodgers and
Jones Authors of Ri
- cent Hold-Up3. i V
MAY BE GUILTY
OF MANY CRIMES
. At the earnest request of • ring-goers
Manager Groom matched* them -again.
Both Cribb and Thurston expected to meet
again, and neither man allowed, himself to
get out of condition. They hadto be drag
ged away, from their .training quarters by
their respective managers, and. when arti
cles of agreement for a return match were
signed, both boxers took up gymnasium
and road work with an eagerness that
;was surprising. They are in splendid
shape and fit to go the distance Friday
night'with the'same speed/ •¦-'¦."
Thurston has remedied his mistakes lh
blocking and Cribb, has -mapped out a new.
OTTO CRIBB of Australia and
Charles Thurston of San Fran
cisco will be the star attraction
at the boxing exhibition to be
given In Mechanics' Pavilion
next Friday night by the National. Club.
Thdsa . two welter-weights have met In
the padded arena before and the sporting
public Is anxiously waiting to. see them
come together again. . • • ¦. .¦ -
Cribb is champion of the Antipodes and
Thurston Is practically the- best man of
his weight In this city. At the first meet-
Ing Cribb and 'Thureton" fought the fast
eat twenty-round battle-seen in this' city
in many yeaJs. The spectators marveled
at -the ¦ endurance the men 'displayed in
their historical battle; Both. fought like
demons and' when the, gong signaled- the
close o£ " battle they, were 6n their feet
and ready to continue. It- was an even
and brilliant contest. The spectators'
hearts were, In a flutter. throughout the
"mill" and when the referee declared the
bout a draw his -decision- gave eminent
. satisfaction.* - - -
At his trial Methever claimed he was
not accountable for his action. His coun
f<?1 tried to show that he was afflicted
with .delirium tremens at the time of the
shooting, and, further, that years before
he had suffered from a tail that had left
him mentally unbalanced.
He was convicted of inurder and the
death j>er.alty was imposed. He appealed
to the Supreme Court, but that tribunal
yesterday affirmed the iudgment of the
lower court. >'
E. V. Methever. the Long Beach cobbler,
convicted cf murder in Los Ang-ele3
County for killing Miss Dorothy HcKee.
tras. yesterday, denied a new trial by the
Supreme Court. The njurder created
sensation in the southern part of the
State. The homicide occurred at the vil
laspe of Lonp Branch. Los Anpeles County,
where Dorothy McKec, an attractive
yourp woman of about 24 years of age.
Jived with her mother in a small house.
Mother and daughter conducted a bak
»ry in the front part ol the building and
Methevr occupied the adjoining- apart
ment. The feellngr between the three was
very ' friendly. Methever received his
ratals from the table nf the
On the morning of Juiy 2a, 1S99. Miss
MeKee mounted her bicycle and In com
pany with a Mrs. Scudder started for a
ride. Shortly after they left the house
Methever also mounted a bicycle and
Started after them. He soon met them re
turning home and, without warning, the
cobbler rode Into Miss McKee and both
fell to the pround. Before the young: lady
could extricate herself from the wreck of
her wheel Methever pulled his pistol and
fired two or three shots, killinxr her In
stantly. He then tried to end his own lif-j
Inflicting a perious wourrd.
Loses on Appeal to the Su
preme Court.
Slayer of Pretty Dorothy McKes
ilETHEVEE MUST HANG
FOB. TAKING A LIFE
Lomond 108. ¦ '
Betting— Gauntlet, 14-5; Walkenshaw, 9-5;
Spike. 15; Vain, 12; Greatland. 8; Mitten, 60;
Brownie Anderson, 3; Vassal, 25. - - :
2103. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
jear-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
2157 Gauntlet. 5. 109..O'Connr 5 3 1 2 H 1 2
(2C79)Walk'shaWi- a, 109.Henry 2 11 1 n 2 2
(2031)8pike. 4, 102 Stuart 7 6 2 3 2 3 V4
2167 Vain. 4. 102 Bee 3 2 1 4 2 4 4
2174 Greatland. 5, 109.. Thorpe 8 7 5 5 2 5 5
2175 Mitten, 4, • 100 Meade 4 6 1 6 4 6 6
2161 Br. Anderson. 4. lOO.Daly 1 4 n. .7 8 ... 7 8
2131 Vassal, a, 106 Mounce 6 8 8 8
Tlme-U. :26V«: Vx, :51%; %. l:17tf; mile, 1:44.
Good ' starr. ' Won easily. . Second • and third
driving.' Winner. W. D. Randall's ch. h. by
Imp. Cavalier-Herschel. Winner is good again
and received nice handling. Walkenshaw not
game apparently. Spike- ran his race. Brownie
Anderson not up . to much. Mitten had - no
speed. Vain gave it up. Scratched— Jingle
Jingle 104, Expedient 102, Sir Kingston 105,
2192. FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year
olds and up; purse, $400. • • • '
Index.' 'Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin..
2163 Specific. ,4. 110.. O'Connor 13 13 6 In
21S6 St. Rica. 3. 63...Ransch4 In 1% 2 5
1946 M. Hildreth/ 3, »2.Meade 2 2 2 2 Vi 3 12
1S63 Hungarian. 5, Ul.Henry 3 4 4 4
Time— U. :25H; %. :5Ui: %, 1:17U: mile, 1:44.
Gcod start. Won flrst three driving. ¦ Winner,
C. R. Ellison's b. h. by St. FldMan-Specialty.
Kpeclfle pounds the 'best or he could not have
wen. 'O'Connor went through a course of calis
thenics that nearly beat him. St Rica can't
beat good. ones. Hungarian .will, .bear watch
lrg. _ Scratched — Compass 91. XHgar lit.' .The
Euffoon 107, Rosormonde ' 109, Florablrd 110,
Position 107. . : ' ¦•••'-
Betting— Specific. ., 1-2; St. Rica; 2; Mamie
Hildreth, 100; Hungarian. 20.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fla -
(:i66)Topmast. a. 107.. 0' Conn 6 4 >4 In 13
2153 Opptnent. 6. 97 Daly 3 2 3 2n 2n
(1180) MacGyle. 4. 103.. Mounce 1 lh 3 3 3 2
21S0 Uzzella. a, SS... Murphy 5 3 2 4 8 4 10'
2166 El Mido, 6. 107.... Henry 4 6 5 15 5 15
3S19 Campus, 5, 102. Domlnlck 2 53 6 6
Tlme-H. :13^: M. :26%: H. :52U: ?4; 1:18V4:
idle. 1:44<4; lHm, 1:58. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, ¦
Carruthers '& Shields' ch. g. by .Topgallant-
Etsay. Topmast mowed the others down at
will. ...Opponent did his best under the circum
stance*. MacGyle found the route too far.
Campus In poor shape. Bl Mldo started off
under wraps. Scratched — Redwald 108, Jose
phine B 95, McNamara 93. j .
Betting— Topmast, 11-10; 8: Mac
f!yle, 16-5; Lizzella, 20; El JRldo, 10; Campus,
12. \- . -.i-^"'
2191. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $500. .^
aiSO. SECOND RACE— Hair a mile; maiden
two-year-olds; purse, |40O.
Ii'dex. Horse, Wt. Jockey.* Bt 54. Str. . Fin.
Muresca, 110...... Mounce 2 13 ... 14
Hainault. 110....FrawIey 1 3 3 ... 2 3
-.... Dlvlna, 113.. /..... PigrKOtt 4 4 5 ... 3 6
.... Phil Crimmins, U3.Thrp 3 2 2 4 3
Arian. 110 O'Connors 6 1 ... 56
.... Mllas, 113 Henryll 8 2 ... 6 2
.... Tibs. US.. ....RuBselllO 8 H ... 7 1
Gypsy Boy. 113...Phlelda 6 6 1 ...SI
Hon.P. Sterling, lU.Brlg 9 7 2 ...". S 3 -
.... Taku, 110.... W. Narvaez 7 10 5 ... 10 5
.... Highwayman. 113 See 8 11 ... 11
Time— %, :24»i: %. :49. Good start. "Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, T.
A. Ma gee's br. f. by Imp. .Prestonpans-Mura.
Winner finished like a good one. Hainault
created jj a favorable . Impression. Crimmins
didn't stay-long.-.. Gypsy Boy ran some. -
Betting— Muresca,- 5: Halnault, 8; Dlvina, 4;
Phil Crimmins, S: Arlan, 6; Mllas, 3; Tibs, 60;
Gypsy Boy. 20; Hon. P. Sterling, 60; Taku, 50;
Highwayman, 25. \ fif ; .
'¦ fc ' * *
2100. THIRD RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
(2178)Kenilworth, 117... Turner 111 12 In
2137 Rolling Boer, 114. Henry 3 3 8 3 15 2 n
(2176)Beau Orm'de, 114.0'Con 4 2 1 2 3 3 23
_ 2170 Yodel. 97 Stuart 8 4 4 -4
Time— 1-16, :07; hi. :24; H. :48; 6Hf. l:22Ul
Good start. Won flrst three driving. Winner,
W. H. Ketchcman's br. c. by Imp. Sir Modred
,lmp. Queen Bess. Rolling Boer closed very
strong, keeping Kenilworth busy. Ormonde
chased the latter and grew weary. Scratched —
Toah 99, Bdna Brown 97.
Betting— Kenilworth, 13-20: Rolling Boer, 3;
Beau Ormonde, 4; Yodel, 300.
2188. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling;
four- year-olds and up; purse, J3S0.
I l£ eXl Horse/ Wt," Jockey. : St. >4. Str.. Fin.
2096 Imperious. 6. HO.Domnk 3 2 2 In lh
2150 Bog. Bill, 4, 107. Murphy 5 4 3 2 5 2 3
21 45 Silver Garter. 4. HO.Daly 6 1 \i 3 2 3 2
2167 Racetto. 4. 10S... Thorpe 1 3h 4 5 4 5
2172 Catas'phe. a, 110..O'Con ? 6 10 5 3 6 3
2117 Alleviate. 6. l08.Howell 2 5 2 6 2 6 2
2172 The Benedict, 4. 107.Ross 1- 7 . 7 7
Time— %, :25%; V4. :60; *i> 1:02%; %, 1:30.
Good -start. "Won flrst three driving. "Winner.
Dr. H. K. Roweirs b. g. by Morello-Helen
scratch. Bill was best and should have won.
Domlnlck outrode Murphy last few yards.
Garter had gpeedto the stretch. Catastrophe
ran a poor race; ¦ Alleviate no account in mud.
Scratched— Artllla 105, Merops 105, Goldone 110,
Hrenhilda 108. Hagerdon 110.
Betting-Imperious. 9-5: Bogus Bill, 18-5:
Silver Garter, 60; Racetto. 12; Catastrophe, 3;
Alleviate. 8; The Benedict. 15.
TANTORAN PABK-Monday, March
25, 1901.— Weather fine. Track slow.
CALL'S RACING FORM CffARTi
Ordinance Fails to Receive
. the Votes of Fourteen-
Supervisors.
TRACK GAMBLING
VETO SUSTAINED
Opened Downtown Pool
rooms.
Only Ten Members Hally to Its Sup
• • port— The Measure Would Have
"I <3e?ire to state," said the Mayor,
"that the languape of the ordinance
would have authorized the selling of pools
•anywhere in the city for thirty-six days.
Jt te defective in that respect, though not
infant to be s»o."
"If that is the only objection," said To
r>m. "it cou!d be corrected by amendment.
You did not raise that objection In your
¦¦v*to. and it is your interpretation, not
trJne."
Stafford thought that the opening of
Ingleside would finally result in a wave
of disgust on the part of the people
.ipainst horse-racing, which would grad
ually die out.
"It seems to me that it is a mistake to
pustain the v«»to. The IngleMde track has
papse>i into the hands of one corporation,
which is capitalized at 51.000,000. In arder
to make money on Its investment it will
be compelled to have an almost continu
ous sr-ason of racing in other counties. It
is Idle to talk about legislative interfer
ence when we consider the present as
cendency of the Republican party and the
control exerted therein by Dan Burns. On
that account we should act for ourselves-,
and therefore 1 think the veto should be
defeated.** ¦ ¦
The Mayor's veto of Tobln's ordinance
designed to. legalize gambling on race
tracks for thirty-Fix days In each year
¦within the inclosure whore horse-racing
•Is carried on was sustained by the Board
¦of Supervisors yopterday. To pass the
ordinance over the Mayor'B veto would
have required fourteen votes under the
charter, but the champions of track gam
bling could only muster ten votes In Its
support. The vote %vas= the same as when
the ordinance was finally passed, with the
exception that Sanderson was absent. The
result on the adoption' of the measure,
notwithstanding the veto of the Mayor,
ptood: - "
Ar p s— Boxton. Brandenstein, ' Braunbart,
O'Anrona. Fontana, Hotaling, Jennings, Mc-
Carthy. Stafford. Tofcin.
N>5- Booth. Comte, Connor. Curtis, Dwyer,
ile*<l. Wilton.
Tobin. ppeaklng in favor, of the ordi
nance, paid:
Seeing Mulherron approaching, Craw
ford reloaded his' revolver and hastily
fired two more wild shots' at Mrs/ Strat
ton. ¦ Then he. filled the two empty cham
bers of his Weapon, and, going to a barn
near the ranch house, sent three bullets
into his own breast. and one into his fore
head. - The last one finished him and he
was dead, by. the time Mulherron came
UP. ' .>•>'¦ _,'"..' ,*, " ' . ' r '
•'Why Crawford should have .shot Ralph
Mulherron no one'ean fcay, unless -in his
insanity he Imagined Ralph a rival for
the affection- of Mrs. Stratton. - News iof
Mulherron's death is expected, momen
tarily. The bodies of the dead men were
brought Into 'Compton;'
Suicide Ends the Tragedy.
John Mulherron immediately set out In
pursuit of Crawford, who was making hi3
way across the country toward the Strat
ton ranch, three miles away. When Craw
ford arrived > at the Stratton ranch he
found the farmer and his wife at supper.
Without warning he drew his revolver and
fired three shots at Stratton. Two lodged
in the left breast and' one In the heart.
Stratton died instantly. The remaining
two shots Craw r ford fired at Mrs. Stratton.
Neither took effect and he knocked her
down and dragged her into the yard by
her hair. • ; •
This morning he took the 10 o'clock
train from Compton to this city. While
here he purchased a 38-caliber revolver
and one hundred cartridges.. He returned
to Compton on. the 5 o'clock train this
evening and went to the Mulherron ranch,
where he met John Mulherron. , ,
Crawford ¦•' asked for John's brother,
Ralph, and was 'told he was In the bunk
house.i Crawford went to the bunkhouse
and a moment later five shots rang out
and he "was seen to emerge and start to
run across a field. John Mulherron went
into the bunkhouse and found his brother
lying on the floor, choking from the blood
of his terrible wounds.
Purchases a Revolver.
Insanity is the reason assigned V or
Crawford's carnival of bloodshed. He
came to this country a year ago from no
one knows where and went to work for
StrattOB." He acted queerly at times and
it soon -became evi'Jent that he was in
fatuated*with Mrs. Stratton. Sisf months
ago he was discharged and he made his
way to San Francisco, from which place
he returned a week ago and went to work
for Mulherron. &?«=*»;?
LOS ANGELES, March 25.— One of the
most , sanguinary shooting affrays in the
history of Los Angeles County occurred
to-night at Compton,~a little village
twelve miles south of Los Angeles.' ' Clar
ence S. Crawford, an "employe on John
Mulherron's ranch, shot John . Mulherron
through the neck twice and through the
breast; instantly killed Walter C. strat
ton, a neighbor of Mulherron; fired four
ineffective shots at Mrs. Mulherron and
then' turned . his .terrible weapon upon
himself, wounding himself three times in
the left breast and once in the forehead.
The death of Ralph Mulherron is a mat
ter of a few. hours. ¦ '
Commits Suicide Alter Fail
ing to Kill the Wife ol
One of His Victims.
Slays a Rancher and
Mortally Wounds
Another.
INSANE MAN'S
CARNIVAL OF
BLOODSHEED
The authorities are many that where the ap
pointment of a receiver Is superseded It may
become his duty to restore that which has coma
to his hands to the parties from whom It has
been withdrawn and that this may be directed
to be done. It Is at all events evident that
an order that he should do so Is not void In
itself. We cannot on this application review
the Judgment of the Court of Appeals sus
taining euch an order and approving pf th«
writs as Issued.
The court below had refused to *raat an
appeal and as appellate the Judge of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals had the power to *ward
It and to grant a supersedeas, and. if. in his
Judgment a writ of supersedes* was required.
un«er the particular circumstances the order
for it to Issue was not In itself void, nor was
the process void. Issued under such order.
Obedience to an order granting a sopersedeas
Is as much required as to an order for & writ
of supersedeas and to the writ .thereupon is
sued. The essential point is that the order of
decree below is superseded and the parties ar
fected must govern themselves accordingly.
Respecting: the claim that so much of
the order of the Circuit Judge a3 directed
the receiver to restore the property taken
by him was void, the court said:
As to the claim that the writ of super
sedeas of the Circuit Court of Appeals to
the -Alaska Court was void for want oC
authority to issue it, the Chief Justice
said: •/: •
Reading these acts In part -materta as w*
should. It may well J"*» co"?*?*** «*»* £K£fit
were thereby authorized from the uistrics
Court- of Alaska from interlocutory «?«"¦£
pointing receivers, and that such »PPf *? a m f «
be prosecuted from that court within sixty
days from the entry o* such orders. Moreover.
ihi orders of July 21 granted an. injunction to
connection with the appointment of tn« re
ceiver. . . ' ¦ • • .
WASHINGTON*. March 25.— The fnlted
States Supreme Court to-dav denied tho
application of Alexander McKenzie for
leave to file a petition for a writ of habeas
corpus releasing: him, from imprisonment
In California under the proceedings of th»
Circuit Court of Appeals for contempt in
connection with his conduct as receiver
of certain mines in Alaska, The decisiou
ot the court was based on the ground tha:
a habeas corpus proceeding cannot b«
made the basis of a proceeding in error.
The opinion was handed down Dy ma
"We hold?"' said the court In announc
ing the result, "that the Circuit Court oC
Appeals had jurisdiction in the premises
and was clothed with the power to pasa
on all questions in respect of the means
taken to enforce and maintain it. We aro
not called on to revise its conclusions on
this application." 1, _
v In his opinion Chief Justice Fuller con
sidered tho contention that an appeal did
uotJlo from ' tb*> . order of July 23 and
August 10. inasmuch as they were inter
locutory orders in respect. to the apppolnt
ment of a receiver. Citing the acts bear
ing upon the case the Chief Justice said:
Opinion Is Based Upon the Proposi
tion' That the Matter Lies En
tirely With the App«l- - .
late Tribunal.
Supreme Justices Pass Upon
th« Habeas Corpus Ap
plication.
COURT IGNORES
McKENZIE'S PLEA
Charles Thurston and Otto Cribb to Engage
in a Fistic Bout Friday Night: .
WELTERWEIGHT BOXERS
PREPARI NG FOR BATTLE
Track Notes.
When Fred Cook, the bookmaker, de
parted for St. Louis on Sunday he quit
the game here, so it Is learned from 1 ' a
reliable standpoint. J4S.000 loser. He left
owing some money borrowed for use in
his book and it was reported that the
penciler's string of horses had been at
tached. While he may have been pressed
for ready' money Cook's friends say he
still has plenty of negotiable security back
tn St. Louis and predict that. he will be
making the biggest book at the coming
Memphis (Tenn.) meeting.
.Walter Jennings will race his stable at
the Chicago tracks this year. Walter Is
now without a rider.-.. having, released
"Pedro" Enos yesterday because of a
well-defined case of ."caput expandum." -
Winnie O'Connor rode the last three
winners on the card.
JF a Kansas "twister" had passed
through the betting ring at Tanforan
yesterday It could not have caused
any more desolation and grief among
the booking fraternity than did the
victories of the four favorites. Imperious.
Kenilworth, Topmast and Specific. Not
only this, but Muresca and Hainault, the
first two past the wire in the two-year
old scramble, and Gauntlet, winner of the
closing event, were backed by the talent
for all they were worth. Eighteen firms
laid odds, and it is. estimated their Joint
losses figured more than $30,000. While
the track was a trifle slow from the light
downfall of rain the fields from liberal
scratching were sxnoJl, thus obviating all
danger of the best horse being beaten.
Heavily speculated on at scant odds in
the gambling -on the six and a half fur
long run, Harry Stover's Kenllworth gave
Rolling Boer three pounds and a belting.
As in his previous races Kenilworth
framed up a merry clip for the other
starters and with the goal in sight seemed
to be stopping. Still he stood for hard
urging from Nash Turner, beating- out
Boer a neck. For a time Beau Ormonde
gave hot pursuit for the brown colt, but
grew groggy, finishing third.
DomTnlck on the 0 to 5 favorite Imperi
ous clearly outfinishod R. Murphy astride
Bogus Bill for the opening seven 'furlong
purse. The moist going was quite to the
liking of Imperious, . and after he had
passed Silver Garter In the stretch it
looked all over. Opposite the paddock
though Bogus Bill collared and passed the
leader, but .when Dominlclt *ave Imperi
ous a couple of whacks with the whip the
latter again forged ahead, winning by a
head. Silver Garter, at CO to 1, ran third.
Catastrophe seemed. Tunable, to 'false a
gallop. • ,
Tommy Magee. the; ex-jockey, cut a
good thing loose far the two-year-old
dash In Muresca, a brown filly by Imp.
Prestonpans-Mura. A 5 to 1 chance, with
Mounce in the saddle, she won, eased up
the last sixteenth, covering the four fur
longs In 49 seconds. Halnault. a 15 to 1.
shot backed to 8. took the place from
Divina. Mil&s was favorite.
The veteran Topmast, which seems to
sharpen and thrive on hard campaigning,
appears to be as good right now as ever
In his career. Installed a. pronounced fa
vorite for the mile ajid a furlong selling
event he i*an over Opponent and MacGyle
through the stretch, scoring under re
straint. Opponent. outlasted MacGyle. se
curing the place. El Mldo passed the
stand under double wraps and then died
away to nothing.
If Specific had not been fifteen minutes
the best Winnie O'Connor" would have
tossed the race away. Ellison's horse,
when owners had done with the scratch
ing blank, closed a 1 to 2 choice over St.
Rica, Hungarian and Mamie Hildreth.
Winnie managed to get cut off at the first
turn, clun^ with bulldog tenacity to the
rail and after being compelled to take up
half a dozen times finally beat St. Rica
a head. Hungarian finished behind Mamie
Hildreth.
Andy Blakeley's . Walkenshaw. with
Heivy in the saddle, enjoyed first call in
the oetting on the last event of the day,
a mile selling number. Out in front until
well on -toward the wire the favorite was
then passed and downed with ease by
Gauntlet, piloted by O'Connor. The win
ner's odds -were backed down from 4 to
14 to 5. Spike, a 15 to 1 shot, ran third.
4 - > ¦ '
BY F. E. MITLECOLLAND.
Favorites Idly Stroll In and the Books Quit
Thousands L<^er==-Kenil worth in Form.
RING DONE TO A CRISP
DOWN AT TANFORAN PARK
THE SA^N .FKANCiscb-l.-GALL,, ¦ TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1901.
4
The Peruvlana have admirable > public
roads. One is 1500 miles lone
#%fl B n 5 #% l-aflln & Rand Waterproof
K •¦ IlsK^." Smokeless Powder. In bulk
1 ¦ H aiH nn(i l f «»<J<-d in Fhells. Send
2 KB BlUf n foT catalf'Fue of Kpnrtlr.g
; U U I V \M roods. GEO. \V. SHREVE.
-^ ~ " " -,7» ¦ hfarket eU
'"Doctors not seldom give up a case, but -
a mother never does. While life lasts,
while there is a spark of vitality which
love's labor may fan into a name, she
toils untiringly for the child she brought
into the world. And sometimes where
I the doctors .fail "the mother succeeds. '
She has nd prejudices. Any means she
will- nse' which will save
her child. ;¦ ." •/?**>*£*
The mother's prescrip- (f^^i^^Q
tion given below is a case
in point. Her daughter {*$$&&&
iras given up by physi- 5*T©h- r ' '
Scians as suffering from an jiijS^l
incurable disease, called v^V^r
w wasting of the digestive VA/ .
\ organs." The mother pre- /^Vl
j scribed Dr. Pierce's Gold- / Jjw*
en Medical Discover}' and / fe^>^
. ¦« Favorite Prescription,'* I
¦ and had the happiness of ft lag
.teeing her daughter /ft ||!i .
..restored to perfect / \\ EM "..
health. / \\ MSk
Dr. Pierce's / \\ ;^^^[
Golden Medical / |\ .
.Discovery cure9 / ., i\*.\'
• diseases of the I *f
stomach and oth- , ,
ex organs of di-
gestion and nutrition. It is a nerve-
" nourishing, y flesh - forming medicine —
.making new blood and new life.'." ""'.'.
- * " Golden Medical- Discovery " contains^
no alcohol and it?is absolutely free from
'; opium, cocaine and~all other ¦ narcotics.
It is a true temperance medicine. ., •
•- "My sister {of Arlington, Washington .. Co..
' Nebr.,) was taken very sick • and had several
¦ doctors." write* Mrs. C. I* Harrison, of Elk City,
Douglas Co.. Ncbr. They could not do her any
good, and told my mother they would not come
, any more, as no doctor could help her, that she
could not get well. She had ' wasting of the
digestive organs.' My mother said to my. sister?
. * well, I almost know that Dr. Pierce's' tnedi-
. cine s will care her.' So she bought six bottles—'
three of 'Golds* Medical Discovery' three of
¦ * ¦Favorite Pres^nption,* and some of the *Pel-
. lets;' aad now my sister is a well woman.
• • We thank you for your medicine."
Dr. Piercers Common Sense Medical
"Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
! receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only.- Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.;
UnlaundeFed |
Shirts j
I The body of these shirts is made pf New York mill j
cotton, and the bosom, cuffs and neckband of good linen;
the seams are double sewed and the gussets are improved
.and reinforced; bosom is set in and lined with heavy
'. butcher's linen; the shirts are cut full s^ize in sleeve, lengths
from 31 to 34, and neckbands from 12 to 18. The shirts
are unlaunclered. but are the equal of the usual $1 laundered
shirt. What's the use of paying '. 50c - to lat^* J <r v a shirt?.
Our price for these shirts,
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street. !
ADVEBTISEMEyTS.¦ "The constitution and the charter make
it incumbent uoon.us to fix 5 the . water
rates in February," said Braunhart; "and
we have failed to do so. These rates were
predicated on the investigation and unless
the ordinance is • kept « before i the *• board
It Is certain that the Spring Valley Com
pany will use the point to test its legal-
Rules Are Suspended.
Brandensteln held that the bill could be
reconsidered only ; once, ; Braunhart asked
that the rules be suspended to allow him
to give ¦ notice of reconsideration at the
next meeting and the motion /was carried,"
Brandensteln, McCarthy; Comte and Jen
nings voting no. :¦•':-« . . ¦ / •
,Reed then, submitted his original ordi
nance fixing i water , rates * on a -¦ valuation
of 520,000,000 . and providing * for the pay
ment of $1000 per month for hydrant ser
vice." . I£e said - that the • large consumers
of water paid much less' than i the cost of
water, while the -: small consumers paid
much more and thought there " should be
something done. He offered his bill as a
compromise, but said, that if . it were not
accepted he would vote. for Phelan's bill.';
D 1 Ancona's resolution providing for. ah
appropriation of 56000 out of the urgent
necessity fund for the purpose of placing
Chinatown In ; a sanitary condition -.was
passed to print, -Hotaling and McCarthy
voting against It. The funds are.'to oe
expended by the Board of Health, but the
resolution was referred. -to- the 'Finance
Committee for invegtiffation._ : - : " .
The ordinance ' granting the • San»Fran
cisco and San Joaculn t Railroad ; a fran
chise to operate a steam car line on Illi
nois'street was finally passed by a unani
mous 'vote. . -...¦>.
Consideration of the ordinance providing
for. the payment of back claims against
the citv out of the surplus fund was de
ferred' one week. Tobin moved ; to amend
the ordinance , to allow the . payment • of
interest at 5 per cent, v which the City At
torney holds to be mandatory.: - , •
Other Business Transacted.
The ordinance providing for the "expendi
ture ,by the Board, of 'Health of * 52300 in
caring for contagious diseases was passed
to print. " . '
An- ordinance -providing for T the repav
ing of Front streets between, "Washington
and Jackson with basalt blocks at a coat
of 53975 was. passed to print. . »' r , . .
The Evening Post was awarded the con
tract for official advertising at 13 cents per
half Inch for each insertion. * .
¦George T. Marye addressed the board In
opposition to' the proposed narrowing. of
City Hall avenue by four feet on each side
for the purpose of "parking" the -strip.'
He asked that the ordinance be rescinded,
as the property owners had not been con
sulted. Brandensteln's bill repealing' the
ordinance was defeated and -the original
ordinance stands. . . •
The ordinance requiring amateur ath
letic clubs giving boxing exhibitions to
become members of the Pacific Coast Am
ateur Association was finally passed. •
The City Attorney was directed to.ad
vise what steps are necessary to provide
for the deficit In the Police Relief Pension
Fund. , ........
Chief -Hewitt of the department of elec
tricity was requested " to furnish a state
ments showing the points to- be 'used as
common crossings for overhead wires. •''¦-¦..•
The resolution appropriating $3000 outof
the urgent necessity fund for the erection
of a firehouse on San Bruno avenue," near
Twenty-fifth, street, was referred to the
Finance Committee. An ordinance trans
ferring the lot from the School to the Eire
Department was finally passed. .
¦ The. ordinance authorizing the appoint
ment, by the Police Commission of fifteen
additional police officers was recommitted
to the Police Committee. ¦
The Tax Collector was authorized to ap
point ; thirty extra clerks for a period of
thirty, days. ':' . ¦ ,
Supervisors JFailJ to -Agree
• on Ptelan's^Favoriti
, r Measure.
Funds Are Appropriated to Cleanse
Chinatown-^-Bill Imposing Fees V
¦ ¦¦:•• for Building {Construction '
- Is Defeated. .
WATER ORDINANCE
AGAIN DEFEATED
TVT A HONEY'S BLUE BLOOD
-FLOWS CALMLY AGAIN
The Three Policemen Who -Failed to
Salute Him Make Satisfactory
Explanation. - .
Sergeant Pat • Mahoney's outraged feel-
Ings caused by Policemen Merrick, Butler
and Harris not saluting him last Thurs
day were- somewhat ' mollified yesterday
afternoon when the offending officers, ac
companied by Policeman John MacLean,
appeared before Chief Sullivan and gave
an explanation to the Chief that was con-"
sldered satisfactory. " The sergeant was
present- and also -Captains Spillane and
Wittman. . ¦ : -
The three officers explained that they
did not see the descendant : of Irish roy
alty, ' otherwise ¦ they would undoubtedly
have saluted him in the - manner pre
scribed by- the rules ¦ of the department-
Policeman MacLean was the only one of
the four who saw him and saluted.' They
said there was no ill feeling in the mat
ter, and- they would not fall in future to
honor the punctilious sergeant. That end
ed the conference and the officers retired.
Physician Orders Indefinite
Retirement Prom Oper
atic Stage.
- Madame Sembrich . may • never sing in
public again. Her physician. Dr. Hopkins,
has advised the famous operatic soprana
to cancel all her engagements and to re
tire to her home In Dresden for a.Test-
Thls' heroic treatment is the • only ons
open to her. . She leaves to-morrow^ for
Europe. Manager Graff hks disbanded tho
company and tlfe entire organization .will
return. to New York.
Madame Sembrich was attacked with
severe throat trouble in Salt Lake and on
her arrival in this icltv there was no im
provement. She insisted in appearing tne
opening night, however, and since that
time has been confined to her rooms at the
Palace -Hotel, and has been gradually
growing worse. Musical critics and vocal
instructors affirm that Madame Sembrich
had taxed her voice to an unusual degree.
Since last December she has appeared In
thirty-six performances j in -.this country,
which . is considered a remarkable feat.
The only 'chance of her ever recovering
her voice Is by a -long, rest and perfect re
laxation from strain .of .the' vocal "chords.
i Manager Graff was seen last evening at
the Palace Hotel. - He said:
- "The • company was disbanded to-day,
Owlng'to the breakdown of Madame Sem
brich if would be Impossible to continue
the season. -The company, which consists
of over a hundred. members, will be sent
back' to New ;• York-: We had a successful
season in the East and it was my inten
tion to return by easy stages, playing re
turn engagements. : I am sorry to disap
point the San Francisco music lovers and
hope ¦ to . return some' day , under more
favorable circumstances:"
SEMBRICH CLOSES
HER SEASON HERE
Crew Thought Her. Insane.
When the steam schooner Coronado ar
rived • from Port ; Los Angeles yesterday.
Captain Johnson reported. at the. Harbor
Hospital that he had a Crazy woman
aboard. A doctor told him she was fit to
travel.' or else he 'would not have taken
her as a passenger. Dr. -Murphy of the
Emergency Hospital examined the woman
and ' found that she .was hysterical from
worry. ¦ She told Mrs. Kane. • the matron
of the; hospital, that she had been a mil
liner In Portland, but that her husband
fan away with another woman and that
broke up her home. She was taken sick
and, went to Southern California to see if
the change would do her any good. On
the passenger list of the steamer she went
down as Mrs. Oliver; and that is the name
she gave at the hospital: ¦ - .
After being ; \aken. to the central Emer
geucy Hospital Mrs. Oliver was confined
in one of the^detentlon cells at the City.
Hall. She was very indignant at the idea
of^belng. locked up in a cell, among crazy
people.- She stated that she entrusted $35
to Captain Johnson " for safe keeping
which amount she had not received.
Harriman Wires- Him to
Rush to New York at
Once for Meeting.
The three bigr "H's" of the Southern
Pacific Company— Harriman, Huntingdon
and Hays— are to have a. pow-wow In
New York" before the annual meeting o?
the company, which takes place in New
York, ''April 3. • — :
Late Saturday afternoon President Hay*
received a telegram", from Harrlman, in
structing ' him to % reach New- York with
the greatest dispatch. -~;The matter was
kept a profound secret around the big
yellow building and the news of Hays' de
parture for the East on the overland Sun
day morning was not generally known In
the'< railroad departments untir late yes
terday afternoon. : . . ¦
It has transpired, however, that the ot>
ject of Hays 1 hasty call to New York
was that he might meet ¦¦ Huntington and
explain verbally to him ideas, on the run
ning of the Southern Pacific railroad, and
what policy .would be used in the. opera
tion of the: road in the future. ShouM
these plans be endorsed/ by Huntington
the two railroad men will appear at the.
annual meeting together,, and : Harriman
will receive the full support; of Hunting
ton. It is also expected that Huntington
will - still retain his position as first vice
president of the . road, but all executive
responsibility will fall on the shoulders
of President Hays.
A. G. Wells, acting general manager of
the Sante Fe Railway, has replied to the
oil'men of this State, through the -Rail
road Commissioners, explaining the lack
of oil tank cars. Wells; in his letter, says
that the Santa Fe Railway Company fully
appreciates the importance of the oil «n
dustry and that 100 new tank cars are be •
ing constructed and when completed they
will Immediately be placed in service in
the Kern County oil district.
AGAIN SUMMONS
PRESIDENT HAYS
TUESDAY. - MARCH 26.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are- given -In -the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of . the day. except when there are , but ¦ three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except ' when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the. depth
given by the charts. The plane of ' reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. '
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO, SAIL.
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and ¦ Heights of ¦ High and Low
Waters at Fort Point., entrance to San
Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. : -
NOTE — The high " and ¦¦. low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later; than at Fort Point;
the height of tide- is the same at both places.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March , 25— Stmr Em
press of • Japan. - from Hongkong. Shanghai.
Nagasaki and . Hlogo, . for Vancouver, B C.
ST VINCENT— Arrived March 20-Stmr Ha
thor, from San Francisco, via Valparaiso, for
Hamburg: etmr Kalsow. from ¦ Portland,' Or.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed March 24— Stmr Trave.
from Genoa, for New York.
STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES — Arrived March 25— Stmr Bo
livia, from New 'York, for Leghorn, Naples,
COPENHAGEN— Arrived March 25— Stmr
Norge, from New York. ¦
OCEAN
ST VINCENT- Arrived March 25-Ger stmr
Hathor, hence Dec 21, for Hamburg; Br stmr
Kaisow. from Oreron. ¦ • ' ,.- ¦ .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 24— Br ship
Glenogll; for Blrkenhead: Br bark Inveramgay.
for AV*tP<>rt; Br fhlp King George, for Hull;
Frbark Chas* Gounod, for- — . . ;
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Marca 22— Br stmr
Tang-tre, for St Vincent. .
SHANGHAI-rArrived prior to March 22— Jap
stmr Nippon Maru. hence Feb 19. 2
Sailed March 14— Br ship Vlmelra. for Ore
gon. ¦ • ¦ ¦-"¦ . . ¦¦ ¦ - :¦ ¦
ANTWERP— Sailed March "22— Br ship Aus
tralia, for Ore~cn. . . .. - • ;¦ ,
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed March 23— Schr
Wm Bowden. for Honolulu. March 25-Shlp
Paramlta. for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived - March 20— G«r stmr
Eva, hence Feb 13. - - ¦ .
Sailed March- 1— Ger ship Nerelde. for .Ta
coma. »¦."•,.. • «• . ' ¦ •
VICTORIA. B C— Passed out March 11— Br
stmr Palatinla, from Moody vine, for I China:
Br Btmr Athenian, from Ladysmith. for China.
NANAIMO— Arrived I March 23— Br stmr Mil
ton, from San Die^o. ;
Sailed March 24— Stmr Mineola, for Port Los
Anreles.
Arrived March 24— Nor stmr Kvarven. hence
March 20. , ...... ¦
Sailed March 25— Br stmr Milton, for San
Francisco. .
AUCKLAND-Sailed March 24-Stmr Ven
tura, for San Francisco.
Skaglt, from Port .' Gamble. '¦ ' March 14— Schr
Bertie Minor, from ! Eureka.
Sailed March 12— Bark Carrollton. for Port
Townsend. March' 13— Stmr Sierra, for Syd
ney. March 14— Br stmr Coptic,' for China and
Japan: Br stmr. Miowera. for Victoria. March
15— Brig Galilee, for Honoipu. ¦ March 16— Br
»tmr •¦Warrlmoo, ¦ for Sydney. - March 14 — Sch>
Olga,:for Mahukona.- March 16— Schr Robert
Lewers, for Pnget- Sound. : • •
rail: March 16— Ship Star of Bengal, for
Pu<et Sound. March 16— Stmr Centennial, for
Kahului.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The A,!oha will load merchandise for Hono
lulu: the Carradale, wheat at Tacoma fcr Eu
rope, 41s Sd. prior to arrival; the James Rolph.
lumber at Port BIakeI*y for Suva. 57s 6d. "prior
to arrival; the Muriel, merchandise : here for
Petropaulofskl; the. Ruth well, wheat at Port
land for Europe, 41s bd. prior to arrival.
A Large Cargty for New York.
Th« • Panama Railroad Company's steamer
Arpyl*. which sailed Sunday lor Panama, car
ried merchandise for New York valued at
$1S1.3S5 and for Hamburg. J129* The cargo
consisted of the following:
Notice to Mariners.
ALCATRAZ FOG SIGNAL STATION.
For New York— 714 bbU asphaltum. 6 cs as
saying material. 4851 lbs beans, 10,722 ctls bar
ley. 64, 523 lbs bone black, 4 cs casing, 80 boles
cattle hair, 209 eks bones, 7 pkgs household
good's, SS bdls hides, C> eks horns, 19 sks herbs.
37 cs honey. 18.E00 ft lumber. 12 pkgs machin
ery. 3963 lbs peas, 106 logs primavera, 14 bales
old rubber. 276 bales rags, 310 cs salmon, 1S2.832
lbs wool. 34S.772 gals wine.
For Hamburg— 16,505 rbs salt hides, 5' bbls
asphaltum.
Notice is hereby given that on or about April
5. 1901. a. 3000-pound bell will be established
at this station on tha northwesterly end of
Alcatraz Island. San Francisco Bay. to be
struck by . machinery during- thick , or foggy
weather, a single blow every six seconds.
The fog- signal j house is white, with a red
roof, and . is about I'd ty-ft ve feet above eeo.
level. -
This notice affects Ihe "List of Lights and
Tog Signals. Pacific Co**t. 1901." page IV No.
29. and th« "List of Beacons and Buoys. Pa
cific Coast, 1901," page 20.
By order of the Lighthouce Board.
• ~ • FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON.
Rear Admiral. U. S. N.. Chairmai
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIV.ED.
Monday. March 25.
Stmr Brunswick. Andreseo, 23 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gers, t •:<:&; y
Strar Coronado. Johnson. €1 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, £3 hours from New
port. ' - -
Stmr Samoa. Hlgsins, IS hours from Caspar.
Btmr Chico, Dearborn, 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Eureka. Jensen. 23 hours from Eureka.
U S stmr Philadelphia. Meade, 2 days from
San Diego.
Nor etmr Thyra, Edvardsen, 33 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 22 days.
Nor stmr- Titanla. Scenes. 92 hours from
Nsnalmo.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, 29 day* 7 hours 43
minutes from Hongkong; via Yokohama 19
daye 12 hours and 65 minutes. . '
Br stmr Eulomene, Zeal, 11 days from Royal
Roads.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED. '.
Monday. March 25. •
Etmr Bonlta, Nopender, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Cc ' •
Br stmr Belslan King, Bruce, San Diego;
Cal & Oriental SS Co.
Fchr Uranus, Pedersen. UrMng; C E Whit
ney & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. March 25.
U S stmr Hancock. Struve, Manila.
Stmr Brunswick. Andreson, .
Stmr Washtenaw, Zollins, Tacoma. v
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, - — .
Stmr W H Krugrer. KroR, .
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
• /J '•' SPOKEN.
.Per Er star Gaelic— March IS. 7:20 a m, off
Koko Head, bark Olympic, with loss - of fore
topmast, jltboom, main topgallant mast, miz
zen topmast and upper main topsail yard I ap
parently n«hed.'
March 22, 8:40 a rn— Four-master schr show
log letters K P H L.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, March 23 — Ita] ship Francesco
Ciampa. from Shields, for San Francisco,' ar
rived at Gibraltar in a leaky condition. ,
-TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 25, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 38 miles per hour.'
DOMESTIC PORTS. . ,
EUREKA— Arrived March 23— Stmr» West
port. Pomona and Chas Nelson, hence March
Sailed March 25- Etmr North Fork, for* San
Frauciisco; «chr Ida McKay, for Ban IBran
clsco: schr Lottie Carson, for San Pedro; »tmr
San Pedro, for Kan Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed March 23— Schr Laura
Madsen, for Grays Harbor. , > - :
Sailed March 23— stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco. ¦ ' • • '¦. -» ¦
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived March 24-Schr
Volante. from .
MAKSHF1EL.D— Sailed March 24— Schr Mary
G Ruse, for San Francisco; schr Gotama. for
San Francisco; schr Glen, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 24— Schr, Abble,- hence March
II. March 25— Schr Monterey, hence March 2L
Arrived March 25— Schr Western Home, hence
March li. . -
FXIRT BRAGG-Salled March J5-Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 2*-Stmr Ho
mer, ttinco March 22^, **!/— **&>*» J6
Sailed March itmr Carlisle City, , for
Hongkong-. ¦ /
URAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 23-Schr
Chas Hanaon. hence March 13. March IS—
Scho Esther Buhne, hence March 9.
Sailed March 23— Schr I^ntltla. for , Can
Francifco*/ bktn Monitor, for Kan Francisco;
bktn Tam o' Shanter, for Manila: ty. M^iiiiwmn
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March - 23— Br
etmr Teenkal, from Shanghai. -
SEATTLE— Arrived March J4— Btmr Cha» D
Ij&t>*., henc* March 20. . •
galled March 24-Stmr Farallon ; and »Br
stmr Victorian. ' for SkaKuay. • : • -
« • Arrfied ¦ March " 15— Stmr Rainier,' f ¦ hence
March 21. - .;,.,.
Palled March 23— Stmr Hyadei. for San Fran
cisco: stmr I/eelanaw, for San Francisco.
" NEAH BAT— Passed, in March 23— Nor bark
Prince Arthur, from Coqulmbo. for Dritlsh
Columbia: ichr Okanogan, ¦ hence March 16. for
p r ORT m HAniybcK-SaIIed March *20-Schr
Duxbunv tor Cooks Inlet. • : ; ,•
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 25— Stmr Pa*a-
A'tiiL, ¦ from • Kureka: schr ; Salvator. . from " Port
XJIakeley: echr A -M'Baxter.' from -- Ballard;
schr little Bennett. • from rTacoma. . - -
ASTORIA— Arrived March 2»— Nor etmr Nor
man Islef. from Shanehal; Br ship Kate
Thomaf. - from ; Iqulque.
...•: ISIjAND : v PORTS.. .. . .
HONOI./UIAJ— Arrived March 13— Etmr Sierra,
hence March 7;.Br fitmr Coptic. th*nc»: March
7 : br *tmr > Miowera. from colonies : H . B : M
.Warspite. . from Victoria.; March !5— Ship Jabez
Howes, from'' Tacona; e^hr r'M«tha v N>lron,
hence Feb 2S.' - March 5 H — Br. «tmr> Wammo«.
from Victoria : : sehr Defiance, from 'Newcastle,'
Aui J i Br ' ulsar Gaelic, j from - Yokohama; bktn
AMONG the vessels that arrived
yesterday was the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's
GojtUc the cruiser Philadelphia
from Valparaiso, via Magdalena
Bay and San Diego, and the British sb : p
Eulomene, from Victoria, B. C, while
the enly departure of note was the traiib
port Hancock for Manila.
When the Gaelic was off Koko Head.
H. I., on March 18 at 7:20 a. m., the four
masted bark Olympic was passed. She
left here on February 12 with a general
cargo and when the Sonoma arrived last
week without any news of her the owners
and charterers began to get anxious.
Captain Finch of the Gaelic reports that
when he passed the Olympic l;er foretop
mast was gone, the jibboom had been car
ried away, the main topgallant mast was
gone and the mizzen topsail yard was ap
parently fished.
Those who came up as cabin passengers
en the Gaelic axe:
The Ke\: A. E. Ander, wife -and two chil
dren; Homer Cook. E. Champion Rogers, Judg?
W. H. Gaunt and wl!«, A. G. Hudson. Miss
Altsa Jakobson. J. A. Kennedy, A. Lawrence.
Mrs. A. Martin, Mr*. C K. Mclntosh, H.
Mitchell. Charles R. Pare. A. H. Pollard. Cap
tain P. B. Slmmonds. C. M. S. 1). Smart. Rob-
ert Scott and H. Wolff.
Judge Gaunt is from Melbourne, Aus..
*ud has been making a tour of the Orient.
A. H. Pollard is of the Pollard Opera
Company.
The Kulomene is from Victoria. B. C-,
in ballast. Her owners could not get . a
charter for her on the Sound, so they sent
her to San Francisco. She will go t>
Port Costa, this week and George W. 51c-
Near will load her on "owner's account"
with wheat.
The Philadelphia has been for soin«
time on the South American station and
will go at once to the navy yard for an
overhauling. The battleship Iowa sails
for Port Orchard to-day at a a. m. to go
on the drydock.
The transport Hancock did not get away
for Manila until 2:30 p. m. yesterday. She
was delayed, owing to the non-arrival of
tome of the baggage of the Seventh In
fantry. She took away 7 officers and Z'.l
men of the Sixth Cavalry. < officers and
SSO men of the Seventh Infantry, 12 men
of the Hospital Corps. 4 surgeons. 2 army
officers unattached, 9 male civilians. 16
female civilian* and 5 children. "
Among the cabin passengers booked .for
Honolulu was Mrs. Barneson, wife of
Captain John Barneson. the popular su
perintendent of the transport service.
When the officers of the Hancock learnet*
that Mrs. Barneson was to be a passenger
they had her stateroom decorated In a
most artistic manner with smilax, violets,
lilies, lilacs and other flowers. When Mrs.
Bsxneson entered her room she thought
she had made a mistake and was about
to retire, but Captain Harrv Struve as
sured her it was her apartment and that
the decorations were a surprise pot up
by the officers on the ship. Mrs. Barne
eon will remain over at Honolulu for the
Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
and will continue her 'VoyaRe to Austra
lia, where ehe is going to visit relatives.
Other passengers who went away on tl*e
Hancock were Lieutenant Colonel M. P
Maus and wife. Lieutenant Colonel G. F.
Fiebeger. General Jacob Sang-er, Major
Frank "West, Mrs. Lillian Capron and
Mrs. Charles L. Bent.
©ERECT LINE TO MANILA.
Oregon and Oriental Company to Be
gin Philippine Service.
San Francisco has been wanting a. <J«
rect line of Eteamers to Manila for more
than a year and now the merchants are
to have their heart's desire. The Cham*
ber of Commerce has talked about the ne
cessity of such a line, the Merchant*'
\«=sociation has discussed the situation
pro and con and several steamship line^
have been approached on the subject. It
remained for Oregon to take th«» nwt«r
up however, and ihe steamships Mon
mo-Jthshire and Csiimarthanshire are
coming here to take up the running. John
L Howard will be the general agent !»•
San Francisco, but the Manila agent has
not yet been decided upon. The Mon
mouthshire is scheduled to sail from San
Francisco on Anril 10 and the Carmarth
anshire on May 10. Should the trade war
rant it other Bteamahtps will be added t<-.
the line, but it is thought that the twj
that will inaugurate the movement will
be Eufflfient. for a time at least.
The Monmouthshire is of 1871 tons net
burthen. 2H feet long. 40 feet 2 inches beam
and 28 feet 5 inches deep. She was built
in England in 1*86. The Carmarthanshlre
was bnilt <n 18S7 and is 1£78 tons net bur
then. ZZ3 feet 5 inches long. 40 feet beam
and 25 feet 1 inch deep.
• — ¦ —
Steamship Sonoma Delayed.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's So
noma will not get away for- Hawaii, Sa
moa, New Zealand and Australia until
Friday next at 2 p. m. She was scheduled
to sail to-morrow at S» p. m.. but owing to
the late arrival of the English malls. at
New York the railing has to be postponed.
.
"Water Front Xfotes.
A. W. Beadle & Co. are having a new
Fchooner built at Alameda Point. She will
be called Redwood and will be used in the
coast lumber trade.
The transport Buford came off the dry
dock yesterday and the Kllpatrlck took
The reinsurance rate on the British ship
Ardnamurchan hae rearhed 70 per cent.
She is now out 119 days from Frazer Riv
er B C. for Liverpool. The rate on the
American ship Joh:i McDonald, now. out
1S9 day« from Baltimore for San Francis
co, is r.Ull 50 P**r cent- .
The barkentlnc City of Papeete, whlh
iras formerly owned by J. Pinet & Co.,
hes been purchased by the Alaska Cod
n«h!np Company and. will* be ntted up. for
a codfishlnK c-rui««. At? " poon a* she " Is
equipped, which v.1H probably require two
weeks, she will sail for the north.
AMERICAN FOUR-MASTED BARK OLTMPIC AS SHE APPEARED WHEN SPOKEN BY THE STEAMSHIP..GAE
LIC OFF KOKO HEAD. SHE LOST HER FORE TOPMAST/ JIBBOOM, MAIN TOPGALLANT MAST AND MIZ
- . ZEN TOPSAIL TARD IX A GALE. . -. . . V; '
Partially Dismasted in a Gale She Was Making; for
\ ,' Honolulu When Seen by the Gaelic.
.%. ; ¦•'•-' • ' - • * ¦¦ -- ' ' : •¦'-¦ ' ,t-
SPEAKS THE OVERDUE BARK
OLYMPIC NEAR KOKO HEAD
THE SAN FBAlTOI^a^^
5
George Falls * of Hospital
Corps Rcbs General
Shafter's Driver.
George Kails, a private in the Hospital
Corps, on duty in Ward F, of the General
Hospital, Presidio. Is numbered among the
missing:, as Is also 5300. tne property of
John Gates, a patient in the ward.
Falls approached Gates Sunday night,
knowing that he had in his possession
several hundred dollars, and told the alck
man he had been sent by Colonel Girard
to bring his valuables to the colonel's of
fice for safekeeping. Gates yielded up hi?
coin, which was In a belt around his
waist. The Hospital Cojps man has not
heen seen since, though every effort nas
been made to locate him. Steward Engle
hart and three hospital corps privates
were detailed early yesterday morning to
search the city for him. but up to a lata
hour. were unable to locate him.
The police were notified, and furnished
with a description of tho thieving soldier.
A warrant for his arrest was granted by
Judge Morgan. -
Gates is a civilian employe of the quar
termaster and has bsen acting as coach
man for General Shaftcr for some time.
He was admitted to the hospital a few
days ago. and Is seriously 111. His condi
tion Is such that it ha3 not been deemei
advisable to inform !mu of his loss.
DECAMPS WITH
PATIENT'S CASH
By means of this rate a soldier is en
abled to pocket the difference between l\
cents per mile and the 4 rents per mile
travel pay allowed by the Government.
Percy Jacobs of Company G, Fourteenth
Infantry, died yesterday at the General
Hospital.
The soldiers, in addition to receiving tha
"soldier rate" on Western lines, are now
given a reduction. on the lines from Chi
cago East. Formerly the "soldier rate"
extended only as far as Chicago, but the
new arrangement entered into by the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe gives them
the benefit of a rate of IV cents per mile
East from Chicago. St. Louis, Memphis
and New Orleans.
¦ The men are allowed to select their own
routes and are given the same privileges
en route that are enjoyed by civilians
who purchase tickets downtown.
A. force of ten clerks employed by th»
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Railroad
companies were .installed yesterday In a
new building on the military reservation.
They are there to dispense Information to
the thousands of soldiers who are betns
discharged weekly at the Presidio, there
by giving the soldiers the privilege of ob
taining knowledge without a trip to the
downtown offices.
panies Establish Quarters
at Presidio.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Com-
S0U>IERS BENEFITED
;¦'"¦ BY INTOBMATION BTTBEATJ
The ordinance fixing the water rates for
the next fiscal • year '.was ' again defeated
on' reconsideration yesterday by the Board
of. Supervisors. ; ' Before ; tho meeting a se
cret, session was .held 1 ,' with 'a^.view to
swinging ' recalcitrant ; members Into line,
for; Phelan's pet measure .which makes no
reduction to consumers ' but v reduces •-- the
allowance; for fire ; hydrants from $220,000
to $80,000, 'holding; out ; the rosy; promise
that the saving of $14d,000 will be expended
for- public improvements. : The? members
could not agree, however. The board. then
filed out to the assembly chamber,' where
the ordinance >was taken up In public' ? --a
Comte's ' motion "that . reconsideration of
the ordinance ,be postponed 5 for one week
was lost, only he' and Jennings ' voting lu
favor.'.The motion -to. reconsider at once
prevailed, Comte's vote being the only one
recorded aeainst it. ; . " • - .-. ., -X .~ : > ¦
The reconsideration of. the vote by which
the ordinance was : defeated showed eight
votes in favor— Booth, Boxton, Braunhart,
Connor, Curtis, Dwyer, HotaUng, Staf
ford; and seven against— Brandensteln,
Comte, Jennings. McCarthy,, Reed. Tobin,
Wilson. , , .--.•• ; .;-¦:.. -y
Braunhart changed his vote and gave
notice of reconsideration. ;¦¦:,¦> • ¦»•• ,-¦
iun rises i . . . .'
!un sets
Joon sets (first quarter).....'.........
0:32"j
..6:04
.6:26
.. m.
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
, - H W L W H W
M ... 3:29 "6.6 10:40 "0.0 6:49
t7 ... 4:37 6.4 11:48 0.0 6:59
L W H W L W
!8 ... 0:00 3.0 5:61 6.3 12:52
a ... 1:10 2.7 7:04 5.1 1:46
10 ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0 2:35
11 ... ' 8:02 1.9 9:11 6.1 3:20
1 ... 3:491 1.5 10:05| : 5.0 4:00
£
Time
L W
Ft.
4.6
4.6
10:40
3.1
0.2
0.8
0.6
0.7
1.0
H W
7:56
8 MS
9:27
10:03
10:38
4.8
6.0
6.2
5.4
I' 5.4
teamer.
'rom.
Due.
Roanoke. ....... New York via Panama!
6an Pedro...... Humboldt ......... ;".....:
North Fork..... Humboldt
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
A cabulco. ...... Panama & .Way Ports.
Arcata..... ;...*. Coos' Bay........;;r.:;.-.
Hyade*. . Seattle - ..-.
Czarina......... Seattle and Tacoma.*.:.]
Corona. Newport ".
Lcelanaw ; Seattle ......... .;.:..;.;
Pomona......... Humboldt ...... ;.......
Walla Walla:.. Puget Sound . Ports....
Point Arena..'.. Point « Arena t ............
Santa Rosa..... San Diego •........;..
Nome City..... . San Diego". :....;.
Mattewan Tacoma .:.:.......;......
Curacao. . . . . . .'. Mexican Ports . :.-. . . ; ¦
Homckong Mar, China and Japan ;...:
Pentaur Hamburg & ¦ Way Ports
Artqulpa....... Valparaiso &*Way Pts
Eureka......... Humboldt ..;.;."....... .
Chaa. I>. Lane. Stattle .......;....
Mandalay. Coqullle : River...;.;...;.
A i go...... :...".. CoquIHe- River
City of. Sydney. Panama &>WayPorts.'
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria...
Acme.'.."......... Tlllamook , Bay......;.;;
Oueen...... San Diego & Way Pts.
Crescent City... Crescent r City .....;
Mar. 28
Mar. 26
Mar. 28
Mar. ">'>
Mar. 26
Mar. 28
Mar. 27
Mar.- 27
Mar. 27
Mar. 27
Mnr ' 27
Mar. 5 28
Mar. 2S
Mar. 28
Mar. 23
Mar. 28
Mar. 29
Mar. 30
Mar. 30
Mar: 30
Mar. 30
Mar. 30
Mar." 30
Mar.*sr>
Mar.. 31
Mar. 31
Mar.' 31
Mar. 31
Apr. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
.: ¦. ¦ ¦-•¦:¦.
Newburgl...".]
Alliance......
City Peking..
Bonlta. .......
Empire.......
Eureka., n...
State of Cal..
Queen.....'..:
Robert Dollar
Ban P^dro... J .
Acapulco. . ...
Arcata..". .. ...
' . Ma reU ; 2O.'., " ¦
Grays ; Harbor.'.'i. .¦;
Ptld and Coos Bay
China and ¦ Japan.:
Newport '..~..........
Cook Bay. ..."..-. '..;.
¦: -March .37.:.
Humbolfit, ..........
Puget Sound ' Ports
Ran '- Diego ¦¦';:". .'. '. :.'; .'
Seattle & Hadlock.
.-< \March as. : .
Humboldt :......'....
Panama "& Way Pt
Coob •' Bay ". .-. . . . . .'. . .
- March'29.
Humboldt" ..'. ;....'.:
Astoria -& Portland
HumboJdt i... ;..;...
Newport ; . . .' .".*. ?:.Y. .
Sydney &,Way Vta.
i Humboldt :'.:.. :tt...
.-. J»larch:«<».- •
China ' and "Japan ...
Seattle ' A*- Tacoma.
Point-.- Arena-'.. -.-.;¦.;
¦ .:'• Mnrrh 31. •-: •
Sen r Diego::. ...."....
., April' 1. '.;;-.
Puget: bound 'Ports.
'5 pm
5 pm
1 pm|
» ami
I2pm|
.. , . _. _,
9 ami
It am
9 am
5 pm
10 am
12 m
12 a
Pier .2
I Pier'?
IPMSS
iPler 11
Ificr 13
IPler U
Pier 1 9
Pier U
Pier, 2
Pier I
PMSS
Pier 12
North Fork.'.
G. W. Klder/.
Non:e City...
Corona:.......
Sonoma....:..
Pcmona
9 am
11 am
9 am
- pm
2 pm
Pier 24
Pier 42
Pi»r.ll
Fler 7
Pier 4 9
Gaellci.......
Czarinar:..:."*
Point Arena.'.
I*-- -•'. .
1 pm|
! « ptn;
\'i pmj
[PMSS™
| Pier; 8
I Pier * 2
U- A -- '>.t
Fanta Rom..
! 9 am
Pier 11
Valla" Walla.
U am!
[Pier' 9
iun rises i . . . .'
!un sets
Joon sets (first quarter).....'.........
0:32"j
..6:04
.6:26
.. m.
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
, - H W L W H W
M ... 3:29 "6.6 10:40 "0.0 6:49
t7 ... 4:37 6.4 11:48 0.0 6:59
L W H W L W
!8 ... 0:00 3.0 5:61 6.3 12:52
a ... 1:10 2.7 7:04 5.1 1:46
10 ... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0 2:35
11 ... ' 8:02 1.9 9:11 6.1 3:20
1 ... 3:491 1.5 10:05| : 5.0 4:00
£
Time
L W
Ft.
4.6
4.6
10:40
3.1
0.2
0.8
0.6
0.7
1.0
H W
7:56
8 MS
9:27
10:03
10:38
4.8
6.0
6.2
5.4
I' 5.4
teamer.
'rom.
Due.
Roanoke. ....... New York via Panama!
6an Pedro...... Humboldt ......... ;".....:
North Fork..... Humboldt
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
A cabulco. ...... Panama & .Way Ports.
Arcata..... ;...*. Coos' Bay........;;r.:;.-.
Hyade*. . Seattle - ..-.
Czarina......... Seattle and Tacoma.*.:.]
Corona. Newport ".
Lcelanaw ; Seattle ......... .;.:..;.;
Pomona......... Humboldt ...... ;.......
Walla Walla:.. Puget Sound . Ports....
Point Arena..'.. Point « Arena t ............
Santa Rosa..... San Diego •........;..
Nome City..... . San Diego". :....;.
Mattewan Tacoma .:.:.......;......
Curacao. . . . . . .'. Mexican Ports . :.-. . . ; ¦
Homckong Mar, China and Japan ;...:
Pentaur Hamburg & ¦ Way Ports
Artqulpa....... Valparaiso &*Way Pts
Eureka......... Humboldt ..;.;."....... .
Chaa. I>. Lane. Stattle .......;....
Mandalay. Coqullle : River...;.;...;.
A i go...... :...".. CoquIHe- River
City of. Sydney. Panama &>WayPorts.'
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria...
Acme.'.."......... Tlllamook , Bay......;.;;
Oueen...... San Diego & Way Pts.
Crescent City... Crescent r City .....;
Mar. 28
Mar. 26
Mar. 28
Mar. ">'>
Mar. 26
Mar. 28
Mar. 27
Mar.- 27
Mar. 27
Mar. 27
Mnr ' 27
Mar. 5 28
Mar. 2S
Mar. 28
Mar. 23
Mar. 28
Mar. 29
Mar. 30
Mar. 30
Mar: 30
Mar. 30
Mar. 30
Mar." 30
Mar.*sr>
Mar.. 31
Mar. 31
Mar.' 31
Mar. 31
Apr. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
.: ¦. ¦ ¦-•¦:¦.
Newburgl...".]
Alliance......
City Peking..
Bonlta. .......
Empire.......
Eureka., n...
State of Cal..
Queen.....'..:
Robert Dollar
Ban P^dro... J .
Acapulco. . ...
Arcata..". .. ...
' . Ma reU ; 2O.'., " ¦
Grays ; Harbor.'.'i. .¦;
Ptld and Coos Bay
China and ¦ Japan.:
Newport '..~..........
Cook Bay. ..."..-. '..;.
¦: -March .37.:.
Humbolfit, ..........
Puget Sound ' Ports
Ran '- Diego ¦¦';:". .'. '. :.'; .'
Seattle & Hadlock.
.-< \March as. : .
Humboldt :......'....
Panama "& Way Pt
Coob •' Bay ". .-. . . . . .'. . .
- March'29.
Humboldt" ..'. ;....'.:
Astoria -& Portland
HumboJdt i... ;..;...
Newport ; . . .' .".*. ?:.Y. .
Sydney &,Way Vta.
i Humboldt :'.:.. :tt...
.-. J»larch:«<».- •
China ' and "Japan ...
Seattle ' A*- Tacoma.
Point-.- Arena-'.. -.-.;¦.;
¦ .:'• Mnrrh 31. •-: •
Sen r Diego::. ...."....
., April' 1. '.;;-.
Puget: bound 'Ports.
'5 pm
5 pm
1 pm|
» ami
I2pm|
.. , . _. _,
9 ami
It am
9 am
5 pm
10 am
12 m
12 a
Pier .2
I Pier'?
IPMSS
iPler 11
Ificr 13
IPler U
Pier 1 9
Pier U
Pier, 2
Pier I
PMSS
Pier 12
North Fork.'.
G. W. Klder/.
Non:e City...
Corona:.......
Sonoma....:..
Pcmona
9 am
11 am
9 am
- pm
2 pm
Pier 24
Pier 42
Pi»r.ll
Fler 7
Pier 4 9
Gaellci.......
Czarinar:..:."*
Point Arena.'.
I*-- -•'. .
1 pm|
! « ptn;
\'i pmj
[PMSS™
| Pier; 8
I Pier * 2
U- A -- '>.t
Fanta Rom..
! 9 am
Pier 11
Valla" Walla.
U am!
[Pier' 9
rnnsi the j&i fidii Tf\ the ¦¦hpi#
FROM -^ MARCH- TO . MAY
VA/I I li That March,
AIM'- M V/ I 1 1 Apr11 and May
"Y^y I ly IO I L are: so 'trying
• . = "* ¦ '-'v-: to; the "nerves
and / so •„ sure > to produce blood derange-
ments? The fact" that it Is so is known to
nearly, everybody.'^ But why it is so is not
so [clear, to, many. ;;•. ,;. ' ... •
; Peruna is not a quick, flashy, temporary
prod, to the nervous system.-but a gentle.
>'¦ Some of , the reasons are that the brac-
ing, air Tof ? winterlis: a thing of ¦ the ] past.
The "'; enervating.; nearness of v. the ;spring
equinox is felt. The gathering heat of the
troplcs J begins to J send premonitions of its
approach: * The reaction -of; lassitude that
follows the nerve tension" of .winter insidi-^
ously threatens everybody. : Hence .- the
prevalence" of ; nervous diseases. . flagging
energies, I depression of spirits, tendency
to -weariness and a continuous sen3e.of
tiredness.:' - . .-,.' ,:,"¦ -'-.-.
,XThe tonic that" restores without stimu-
lating lSjPeruna.jUnlike the bitter tonics
of quinine and strychnia;- Peruna does not
key^ the nerves | up to a high ¦ tension,: but
refreshes and restores them with a lasting
exhilaration which only natural strength
can bring. .. .
Blood Purifier.
Pe-fu-na Is Known : The World Over as an Ideal Spring Tonic and
...•¦-•.¦ . ¦ ' -'- ¦¦¦¦ '.- ¦ ¦ - - . . -L^r .-.'¦.-*. . . " ~~rT i fHBXin ImHM lIU'WUHilWUlWI TC
TheBlood.
We The Months That Try The Nerves and Derange
rejuveriating tonic," that restores the ner-
vous system to a perfect balance.'
; Why > Is it that the blood gets " ojit of
order in the spring? This. Is directly due
to ; the i almost Inevitable.; indigestion of
spring. ; .? During the winter months much
more food • Is required to protect the body
against the vicissitudes , of ; the "climate.
Digestion has been prodded to Its utmost.
As ¦ spring* approaches ' the " system re-
quires less, and , soon becomes clogged by
excess of nutrition. This loads the blood
with unnecessary nutritive material. Very
quickly". the digestive . organs themselves
become deranged. Except by the strictest
diet this cannot \ be avoided. .- '
A catarrhar condition of the whole t.-
gestiye tract very quickly results. Peruna
restores digestion /by bringing the mucous
membranes of j the J stomach and other di-
gestive organs into ; aj normal condition.
This immediately clears the blood of all
superfluous material. *¦
To cleanse the. stream, the source of the
stream must be cleansed. The source of
the blood is the digestion. To cleanse the
blood the source must be cleansed. Peru-
na makes j perfect , digestion.' Peruna cor-
rects Impure blood by correcting the foun-
Peruna operates with almost magical
promptness and the cures are permanent.
In taking Peruna as a spring remedy
should any one fail to realize an imme-
diate beneficial effect he should at once
address a letter to Dr. Hartman, president
of The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
Ohio, stating the facts in hid case, and a
free., letter of advice will b« sent. Each
case is considered separately and treated
strictly confidential.'
tain from which. these impurities spring.
No medicine can cleanse the blood that
does not produce perfect digestion. '
The dyspeptic, with his coated tongue,
loss of appetite, depressed spirits, has
only to take a few doses of Peruna tto be
amazed at the change that occurs. Peru-
na quickly dissipates the host of symp-
toms that attend blood and nerve derange-
ment of springtime.
We Save thousands of testimonials from
people in all walks of life attesting the
virtues of Peruna as a spring tonic. Gov-
ernors, Senators, Congressmen, Consuls,
diplomats, foreign Ministers, bishops,
preachers and church dignitaries, college
presidents, professors and tutors, musi-
cians, public speakers, society belles and
housewives, the farmer and the mechanic.
the humble and the arrogant, the classes
and the masses, all give willing and unso-
licited testimonial that Peruna - is the
spring tocio and blood purifier par excel-
lence.
¦^^^ ; )SS§^^^ j^s^kb Bound hand and foot to househoSd drudgery, scrubbing %\ --
fes^^^^fc and rubbing day in and day out, doing your cleaning
in the hard old fashioned way— woman, why do you do %
it? Break away and use, . . • : •. p
R^S^'SS'li'l ' This famous cleanser has proven the emancipation %
-*^'§ °^ thousands of other women— why not yours? Let *p
¦ GOLD DUST wj more of the work, you do more of the |j
|%. % play. For greatest economy buy our large package. M
Jr * f '- Chicago, St. Louis, NewYork, Boston, PhiUdeJphta. y^^M^^i
ADVEBTISEIffBJJTS.The latest novelty in technical schooh is reported
from Berlin, where it is said one is to be established
tv» teach hackmen how to drive through . crowded
streets, and incidentally perhaps to teach them also
ho a- to drive a bargain without overcharging a cus
tomer. '
A bill granting suffrage to women was introduced
into the Massachusetts Legislature, but it remained
there only long enough to afford an opportunity for a
debate, being then summarily thrown out. Woman
suffrage is in fact one of the things on which Massa
chusetts talks much but does not act, nor, indeed^
think much.
The Los Angeles man who has offered Bryan $iooo
tc have a public debate with him is biddnig a seem
ingly fair price for advertising, but he will have to get
in and make a reputation first He cannot expect the
champion ring- talker to* meet an unknown nor count
on the press to give much heed to his challenge. A
thing of that kind has to be worked ip slowly by lots
of preliminary jawing in the local ring. No man can
get a chance in the national show for $iooo, without a
record behind it.
. "I -can't sleep, nights since t readiabou*
that^ Rockefeller-Carnegie-Morgan ; com
bine .'of capital.'! . ."¦.>¦ V ¦".'-:"¦•.•
'///.'Every time I shut my eyes I see miles
and miles of ciphers chasing a dollar mark
across desolate iwastes.V— Pittsburg Dis
patch. . ~
VWhy'not?'
¦y' "I r.told • you ' I '* would - answer .: only one
question,, - Sammy. ;.You ?must- save that
for- the. next-time.''— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph.
;.:•< '.'But/i papa, are there any illegal holi
days?'. . ' mlfti If "IllllUmi'" » JWI '111 llMBjlglq|[|J|l|JiLi
'.''Papa," said Sammy Snaggs at the din
ner, table Saturday, evening.
>"I can't answer any.question so near the
end of the week; Sammy."
""Only one,- pap!" . '. • '
: "Wen?-; ,< •
• - "Is Groundhog day a legal holiday?"
¦¦ ;. : ¦ . '¦:¦¦,- '
•¦ '.'Yes ". answered Bronco Bob. pensive
ly;'"It's lucky fur him he didn't live In
Crimson Gulch; an' steal a . hosg."— Wash-
In Jjton Star. .:'•..¦'
; "Jes" think of It," exclaimed Three-Fin
ger Sam: "they only give that embezzler
thatUuck near a million dollars -thirteen
years in the penitentiary." ;••
-Teddy— I > wish I hadn't, licked Jimmy
Brown this morning.-
Mamma— You see now how wrong It
waa, don't you, dear? ¦ . '.^.v.*
Teddy-Yes; 'causo I , didn't know till
noon that he was going to give a party —
Family Herald.
"Hit's so. boss. Yo* kin b'long to aa
many seekut 'cletlcs ez yo' got a mind to.
but yo k yarnt jine mo' 'none church "—
Sioux City Tribune.
¦ "Uncle • Rastos, I am sorry to hear you
say; you like secret societies better than
you do the church."
' . Mrs. Crlmsonbeak— T see Tesla says Sa
turn's rinRS disturb him.
MT. Crimsonbeak— Well, it's a mistake
for any man to give a girl rings until he
can ; afford to pay for 'em.— Yonkers
Statesman. -
Penner (waiting for dinner)— I think mu
sic makes a man hungry.
De Brushe— I am acquainted with sev
eral, 'ambitious ¦ young , composers who
know it does*.— Brooklyn Life.
"How does it happen?" asked the hip
popotamus; with some envy, "that nature
has favored you with such a long neck?".
I "I suppose." responded the giraffe, loft
ily, ."my original ancestor must have had
a pull." — Chicago Journal. •,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It will be noted _ that: hardly any of the .forces or
tendencies ' which = are I hus described as ¦: menacing to
civilization • have exhibited ; ferious evil effects in this
part ofthe world." To us] these .various declarations
AvilJ appear- as academic .opinions merely. . Indiyidiial
ism, socialism,- anarchy; militarism and all the rest Ynay
,'nieriace Europe, but California and the rest -vof: the
United-States are all right. ;
¦ There are some others that afe interesting. The
Bishop of Gloucester pronounced against "self-adver
tising vanity" ;' Max'.O'Rell "an irresponsible and un
bridle'd press 1 ' ; T. , M. Healy agrees: with O'Rell and
says, tersely, "Newspapers." "Arthur Pincro' says
"Trades .unions";; Alma Tadema,' "The increasing!
disrespect t for- work." . Lady • Battersea says "Hurry,"
and Ouida emphatically says "Tyranny— -the tyranny
of ; majorities, tyranny, militarj'.rscientific, political";
.while Max Nordau declares "The chief danger K of the
time, one that "threatens civilization itself,- "is ~\ that
infernal .selfishness called by pscudo philosophers
individualism." ': • -
The Bishop of Llandaff sums up his views. in three
words, ¦ "Infidelity and anarchy." Ian Maclaren ; be
lieves the danger- lies" in the collision "of the Western
powers in the East, accompanied by. the development
of anarchy among themassesat home. Lord Charles
Beresford says "The Chinese Question"; Keir Hardiej
"Militarism, which not only inclines ;> to costly .ami
cruel wars abroad, but to the suppression of liberty, at
home," and Dr. O'ponneli/.Bishop of Rapahoe, says
"Mutilated -education — -that is, education without re
ligion." •-": ;, ¦_ -> ; '
Dr. Alexander, Archbishop of Armagh, is^reportcd
to have declared the chief danger Jdf our civilization
to be: "Fine-spun themes played by politician^ be
fore the'eyesof the Maker, impossible to realize and
leading to fierce revolution." The "Earl of Wemyss
takes very much the same view, though he' expressed
in ¦ it specific instead of general terms,: thus : "Social
ism, the state and municipalities trying to play the.
part of Providence". Sir William Howard Russell
says: "Mammon and the unrestrained ' luxury of
women, that menace .honor and virtucin. social and
political life" ; while according to Frederic - Harrison
our dangers most portentous are, "The struggle for
military . and commercial ascendency; among nations,
and the struggle, between labor and] capital for, mas
tery in the industrial world.".*
SO MUCH has been written concerning the
bright "prospects of the new century and such
full expression has been given. to the optimism'
of the time, that it was a happy thought on the' part
of a newspaper man to get a declaration from many
of the leading men and women of Great Britain con
cerning the chief source of danger menacing the pub
lic welfare. , Their opinions may be no great addition
to the world's store of learning, but they are none the
less interesting as4llustrations of the points of view
from which some of the most earnest thinkers of the
day survey the prospects of the time. «
DANGERS OF^THE* .CENTURY.
YESTERDAY the Supreme Court of the United
States denied the application of Receiver Alex
ander McKenzie for a writ of habeas corpus to
release him from imprisonment in the Alameda jail
upon the judgment of contempt rendered against him
by the United States Circuit Court of Appeals on ac
count of his disobedience to the process of that court..
The Supreme Court also at the same time denied Mc-
Kcnrie's application for a writ of certiorari to re
view the judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals in
the contempt proceeding. This action would seem
to insure the enforcement of the judgment which Mc-
Kenzie so richly deserves and will be* a wholesome
example to those who may hereafter feel inclined to
trifle with the Federal courts. But the good work
should not stop with McKenzie. The testimony taken
in these contempt proceedngs shows clearly that cer
tain attorneys aided and abetted in the commission. of
this contempt. One of them, in endeavoring to save
McKenzie, boldly testified that the receiver acted un-.
der his advice. As attorneys are popularly supposed
tr be officers of the courts in which they practice and
expresslj' bound to uphold the dignity and honor of
those tribunals, it will not be clear to the ordinary
laymanhow the client can commit a contempt by the
advice of an attorney while the latter is exempt from
the same dereliction. To the contrary, it would seem
to the average understanding that the attorney was
the more culpable. 2\othing has occurred for years
in the United States affecting the administration of
the law which has excited such widespread interest and
consternation as this Nome exposure. There should
be nothing left undone to make the vindication of the
courts Complete. Nor the Judge who caused
this burning scandal be permitted to longer wear the
ermine which he has so defiled? The President of the
United States should act promptly to relieve ths
bench from such a disgrace. It is true that the friends
and defenders of Noyes and McKenzie have been
found in high places, geing even so near the President
as his Cabinet and the Senate, but thus far thcti
vaunted influence and' power have been unavailing.
Only lately Senator Hansbrough of North Dakota
was heard from his scat in the United States Senate
in defense of his "friend" Judge Noyes. As it is well
known that this Senator is the creation of McKenzie
through the peculiar political methods in which he is
an expert, it was only natural that -Hansbrough
should come to the front when McKenzie pulled the
string.
McKENZIE. UNRELIEVED.
Call fcubBcrtbers contemplating: a change of
rrxldeaer during the tunimer months can have
their paper forwarded by. mall to their new
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
This pa ( >cr *vfll also be on Bale at all summer
renortM and In represented b>- a local agent in
all towi.n on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
. Note— M. de Calx' article on "The Colo
hies of France — Their 'Trade and Govern
ment.", will be published next Tuesday.
Paris,' France.
There-is.alreadya question of military
utilization of Western Africa. But it goes
without saying that the tax-burdened
Frenchmen— approximately 100 francs ($20)
a head, merely for state taxes — cannot be
expected to provide all ' the expenses of
such an enterprise. The colonies will have
to provide partly for this themselves. This
leads, us to examining the development of
industry in the French colonies in another
paper. " ¦'¦'•''',, ¦
The garrison of Algeria never has been
distinguished from the army of the re
public, whpse nineteenth corps It forms.
The rule has been established that the re
cruits from Algeria shall perform their
military service . hereafter In the capital
of France. Every year 6000 of these young
men are thus. brought to Paris. Besides,
the military organization of the Arab
population, which is now completely sub
jected,' is more and more available every
year, and in case of war, Algeria and
Tunis would, put into the field at least
120,000 soldiers for France.
Soldiers From Algeria.
The colonial army will be composed of
3299 artillerymen in the colonies and about
the same number in France, 28.166 soldiers
of colonial -infantry and 24,968 native
sharpshooters, half of whom are to be
drawn from Indo-Chlna, the other half
from. Africa. All these troops have a pro
portionate number of officers, ensigns and
special corps. Of the 18,166 soldiers of co
lonial infantry 16,373 will be in garrison in
France and. will form, with that part of
the colonial artillery also sojourning in
Europe, an army corps capable of partici
pating in the defense of the metropolis.
•It is probable that instead of endeavor-
Ing to increase the number of permanent
troops stationed in the colonies, reserves
will be organized there that can be mobil
ized at first call. In Reunion, Guadaloupe
and Martinique this is already being done,
and in each of these islands-6000 men could
be called together in case of war. s
In more extended possessions the same
system will be applied. on a much! larger
scale, and already the desire is clear to
look no longer upon the colonies merely
from the viewpoint of military defense,
but rather to find in them elements of
strength for France. Such elements have
been revealed already in Algeria. In 1870
71 the Algerian troops played an import
ant part in the war with Germany.
Organizing a Colonial Army.
war with the. Boers show. what the trou
bles'would be if even the greatest naval
power were to attempt an attack upon the
colonies of a nation prepared* to disturb
her military transports. ' There has been
adopted in France a naval programme
carrying $140,000,000 for vessels and naval
stations from 1901 to 1907, without count
ing the $60,000,009 which we devote regular
ly each year to the navy. .
Moreover, an effort is in progress to
adopt a positive military method for the
defense of the colonies. The creation of
a special colonial' army has just been
voted. .
Institutions the correspondent has in mind
when he asked if certain other institu
tions are accredited. •
LAND— J. J., Oakland, Cal. There la no
law by which a veteran # of the Civil or
any other war can locate United States
land by an agent, and acquire title. A
locator cannot perfect title without com
plying with the provision as to residence.
No lands In the Hawaiian Islands hava
yet been thrown open to settlers. >
CAPITAL— L., Sacramento, Cal. The of
ficial city or town which is the official seat
of government of a country, state . or
province, or of Justice in a country, Is the
capital. : In the United States the edifice
occupied by Congress in the city of Wash
ington. D. C, and in the separate States
the statehouse in which the Legislature
holds its sessions, is the Capitol.
PAYMASTER^-J. F. M.. City." Paymas
ters in the United States navy are not, as
you suppose, appointed under the civil ser
vice rules, and examinations are not held
In the State of- California for such posi
tions.- A paymaster in the United States
navy is appointed from among the officers
of tho navy. • His pay is according to his
rank at the time of appointment.
. TRANSFER— A. C. R., Oakland. Cal.
The California street line of cars receives
a transfer from a passenger who comes
from the Union street line at Hyde street
and then gives a transfer to California
street line and one to the shore line to the
Cliff. By this system the California" street
line does not retain any of the half fare
It Is entitled to from the Union street line.
If. however, the passienger does not ask
for a transfer to the California street line,
then the company gets the benefit of the
half fare on transfer.
COTTON GOODS— T. W. C.\ Pacific
Grove. Cal. The .United States , tariff on
cotton goods is as follows: Gloves, 50 per
cent ad valorem; hemmed handkerchiefs
45 per cent ad valorem; hemstitched hand
kerchiefs. 55 per cent ad valorem; hosiery
60 cents to $2 rer dozen pairs and 13 per
cent ad valorem; shirts and drawers O
cents to $2 23 per dozen and 13 per cent ad
valorem; plushes, unbleached, S> cents per
square yard and 25 per cent ad valorem;
webbing, 43 per cent ad valorem, and cur
tains, 50 per cent ad valorem.
SILVER AND GOLD— Several Subscrib
ers, Giant, ;. Contra Costa County, Cal. A
United States gold dollar weighs 25.8 troy
grains, and a troy pound contains 5760
grains. But a pound of gold, according to
avoirdupois, would weigh 7000 troy ounces
therefore $1,000,000 in gold welshs 36S6 4'
pounds avoirdupois. A United States sil
ver dollar weighs 412.5 grains troy, and
$1,000,000 in silver dollars weighs 66 931
pounds avoirdupois, or nearly 2SU tons.
Knowing the weight of one dollar of each
currency, it is only a matter of calcula
tion to determine what a given number of
dollars will. weigh. * .
ACCREDITED SCHOOLS— S.. City. Dif
ferent institutions of learning recognize
different other institutions as accredited
schools. In order to answer the questions
asked It would be requisite to know what
PRESIDENTIAL. ELECTOR— L., Sacra
mento, Cal. A Presidential Elector ia
elected to perform a specific duty, that of
casting his vote for President and Vice
President, and the moment he has dis
charged that duty his official life ter
minates.' -( ;--.v
MEXICAN DOLLARS- A. S.. City. The
number of Mexican silver dollars that a
person can obtain in Mexico for one hun
dred silver dollars of the United States*
varies with the price of silver. Ordinarily
in trade in that country one of Uncle
Sam's dollars can be exchanged for two
Mexican dollars.
POMONA-T. F. M.. Blsbee. Ariz. Po
mona. In Los Angeles County, California,
is 'distant from San Francisco 513 miles
by rail. It haa a population of about 6000.
Transportation from San Francisco to Po
mona, la $13 by rail. There is also a rate
of $14 and another of $13.
NO PILING— H. S-, City. The founda
tion of the Crocker building in San Fran
cisco is not laid on piles.
NO ADVANCE— A. S.. City. There is
no advance offered on a $3 piece coined in
1S53. Neither is there any advance on a
dime of the same year.
GREYSTONE WINERY— S., City. It la
stated that the purchase price of the
Greystcne minery in Healdsburg when tho
same was sold by W. B. Bourne to C.
Carpy. was $113,000.
BORING FOR OIL— W. P.. Bodega Bay.
Cal. By the use of apparatus employed
in sinking artesian wells a person can ob
tain an indication as to whether there is
oil In the ground, but such cannot be suc
cessfully used for boring oil wells.
ANSWERS TO q^gPffiS.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The following
Callforniana are In New York: From San
Francisco— H. Blackledge. at Bay State;
J. M. Brophy. at St. Cloud; G. W. Bufflng
ton. at Westminster: J. J. Chappell, at St,
George; C. F. Fleming, at Cosmopolitan;
Mrs. W. Lewis, at Victoria: S. Levy, at
Cosmopolitan: C. A. Mayhan. at Im
perial: R. X. Pease, at Albemarle:
M. Remond and wife, at Union Square;
T. K Bran, J. H. Shine, at Grand Union.
From Los Angeles— C. Krebs. at Union
Square; R. H. Brown, at Imperial. From
Oakland-M. Heron, M. Myers, at tho
Vendome. L
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOKEL
"WASHINGTON. March 25.— The follow
ing Calif ornians have arrived at the ho
tels: Raleigh— E. L. Doheny and wife.
Los Angelea; Emlle White, Robert White,
San Francisco. Metropolitan— John B.
"Woodruft and wife, San Francisco. Na
tlonal—T. Dickson, San Francisco.
CALIFOBNIANSIN WASHINGTON
Besides those to Algeria. France has or
ganized but three hcivy military- expedi
tions— that of .Tonquin, where: were em
ployed 25,000-nien; -that of ¦ Madagascar,
which | required p 15.000, • and . finally - that of
Dahomey, of ; much -more j modest propor
tions. "Asl' to ! Tunis, France sent; many
troops there, but it .was much less a ques
tion.of crushing the natives,", the 'majority
of whom did not even make an attempt to
resist, than' of : making an imposing po-.
litical '; demonstratron; •, : As - an ; offset* to
these ; military ¦ movements : there ¦ are' col
onies whose conquest did not, put any •sol
diers In motion; The immense ; region ' of
the Congo . has ; been gradually occupied
byi the progress of civil' administrators;
who advanced as diplomatists In the midst
of 'tribes* without cohesion and who but
very rarely had to fall back: upon the
services of the ; mere police escorts that
accompanied tthem. In the Western Su
dan.Von , the l contrary,; the French have
warred Incessantly; bat the conquest was
achieved . very | slowly.- employing scarcely
any.' more \ forces than those normally at
tached . to L that r dependency. To-day \ the
French .posts ; which , stretch on one • side
from. Senegal to 'Lake Tchad, and on the
other from r Lake .Tchad to : the Congo, are
held byfewcr^than^lO.OOO-men. '
. ; Complications at; Fashoda;
It Is,' therefore;' not . the mass of natives,
but : rather the: possibility; of outside dan
ger'that compels us 'to? maintain in. the
colonies I such large - forces. 1 : f To i tell the
truth, ;' France ' has ; been conducting * hei
colonial policy for more than fifteen years
without- considering * the ? possibility .of a :
loreign war. ; t ¦ The t - French;, republic had
conquered ifinally; a ;vasf empire ; without
providing an Instrument for Its defense. -
¦i Suddenly the difficulty at Fashoda arose.
It found. France ..with colonies insufficient
ly guarded r facing the. danger of beholding
the bea occupied by a' much more powerful
navy; ; that \ that S of f. France," which •* might
make itimposslble:to send help to the co-'
lonial forces hastily. "Therefore. reinforce
ments, were: flispatched to all the ' colonies'
hardly ?any ¦ of . which^ have! been recalled
so;far. T ;It can,itherefore,*bo ; saldthat at
the'presentitlme>the,troops of, the French
colonies ¦ are • on* a ;war ; footing. %¦ They; have
been ¦> Increased i so ; as; to [be able i to i hold
back! an v aggressor— even » were ;hc wholly
master.of the sea— long, enough to dlscour
age'aasattackr .' .¦¦;-, •,,;¦ V -' N .-".- ¦'>¦¦¦ ¦h'.* z..; .,:¦
v-'But It is apparent that the present state
of i affairs ¦« cannot' last, t and:, already ? the
Government is : at twork putting order into
the situationfcreatedjby the'Fashoda'inci
dent; ?5 In ' the j very.s beginning ? the ¦ French
Government, understood *: that i there f could
bo,:no?BTeat* colonial ; policies; without ta
I navy.- .The; difficulties of Great 'Britain's
¦ The c«lonial forces need a further word
of explanation. They do not serve merely
for, the purpose of " maintaining order
among the natives. . They are augmented
because of the fear of a* possible Invasion,
from without. France's colonial-- troops
constitute much less an army of dominion
than one of defense. It would, in truth, bo
a serious mistake to believe that the con
quest . of ¦ the ' French ' colonial empire ¦ has
given -rise ¦ everywhere to struggles with
the natives. The history of ; the warfare
in Algeria must not crea-te -a wrong ' im
pression In. that . respect. It was only
through a number of mistakes in Mussul
man politics, which even an extraordinary
display ofmilltary. heroism could not cor
rect, that the conquest of Algeria has ex
tended over more than . twenty ¦ years and
has • often - put :• In * movement . more than
100.COO soldiers all at once. , . . ' ;
To Defend the Colonies.
Under such conditions "it seems that the
uppermost care of -France would be the
defense and domination of her colonial
empire. One's first care: generally is to
keep what one has acquired. France has
amply provided in that direction. In fact,
139,77a French soldiers are maintained in
tho colonies, or 22 per cent of the total
army, at a total annual cost of $38,000,000.
The colonial army is particularly burden
some,' requiring twice the list of officers
actively employed normally, for the peri
odical sojourn of those officers in Europe
for the eake of health, including both voy
ages, takes up as much time as their stay
in the colonies. • . . " ¦ ¦ '- - ' • .
• The size of the army and of the budget
shows : with what weight the . colonies
press upon France, and also to what de
gree the •: country has become enamored
of a colonial policy that lays such burdens
UDon It. Some even go. so far as to' say
that it compromises ' her security in Eu
rope, and It. is; certain that tho distribu
tion of such an important share of the
French military forces In 'various parts
of the globe would render her weaker in
the presence of a Continental storm.
Cost of Colonial Armies.
Such an expansion could not fail to have
an important influence ' upon the people
concerned in it. In the opinion of all the
younger generation the real adversary of
France. : is no longer . the nation which
took two provinces from her thirty years
ago, but .rather the one she' has met for
twenty years on every road that leads her
toward colonial : empire. • Certainly no
Frenchman yet renounces the hope of re
gaining Alsace-Lorraine, but at the bo:
tom of.their hearts Frenchmen expect It
no longer from '¦ a war against Germany,
which was considered . only a few year3
ago a ; necessity to oe • accepted almost
gladly: -now they hope for ¦ it mainly
through the advent of a sort of European
millennium. To-day the French must ex;
pect eventful clouds of war rather, from
the northwest than from the east.
Extending Colonial Possessions.
France reached out into Asia and tooK
an active part In the apportionment of
Africa. She took possession of the east
ern half of Indo-China and secured Mada
gascar, which she conquered a little later.
Algeria/enlarged by Tunis, began to ex
tend 'across the desert toward the south,
while Senegal, the small colonies of the
coast of Guinea and .: the French Congi>,
became real territories and stretchea
toward the center of tne' continent, so that
they all at last met on the banks of Lake
Tchad. - This joining ol all: the African
possessions of France into a single empire
became a concrete reality on the day when
three columns, one from Algeria, a sec
ond from Senegal and a third from Congo,
united south of Lake Tchad and crushed
and killed Rabah, the last , great slave
holding chief, who had. continued to luy
waste the interior of '.he African conti
nent. . ,
Suddenly toward 18S0 France came out
or her torpor: 'About that time all Eu
rope, indeed, arrived at a historic turning
point. Italy and Germany had becomo
something more -than mere .geographical
terms. The nations were united into great,
solid masses that offered no longer the
same », opportunities for war, - since they
had .become so much more terrible than
in the past.. Then all Mie peoples of Eu
rope, having ". recovered ¦ from -the strug
gles that gave riseto tMs last concentra
ilon of the great nations, thrown, back
upon the world beyond the sea by. the
formidable^ might of . their neighbors,
turned to the work of colonization^ in
which England until then had been su
preme.
v A look at the map . will . show that- the
French republic "has'acquired a veritable
empire. Her -ilag now. floats . over more
than 3,500,000 \ square • miles " and ; 50,000,000
natlvesofall^colors. All this territorial
progress was accomplished within a score
of years. "When the third! republic took
charge'; of ; the destinies of France that
country had but one lacge colony— Algeria
In- more :. distant regions she possessed
only ;a few 'microscopic remnants of the
vast 'colonial domain of.tho old monarchy;
a few. islands in the, West Indies," Guiano,
settlements without hinterland on I tho
African coast and -'five miserable pieces
of Inclosed land in British India, the only
remains of thegreat work of Dupletx. To
this colonial dust the July monarchy ha-.l
added New Caledonia and the second em
pire Cochln-China; : , Such had been, asid/S
from tic conquest of Algeria.' the only ad
uuiun to iTuncti'd. colonial. uomain durii.g
the first three-quarters ; of the ; nineteenth
century, 'while she had been a prey ihees-"
santly.to the paralyzing struggles of hos
tile doctrinaires,* makers and unmakers of
constitutions.
Kiaboratejf Costly and Enlightened Policy
Observed, by France in the Govern
ment of Her Colonies.
FOREIGN EDITOR OP THE JOURNAL DES DEBATS.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.) • : '
¦ . . — • — — • .
VT.--THE COLONIAIi POLICY OF FRANCE.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
BrepaMd by Experts and Specialists for
The" San • Francisco Gall.
The whole world has an interest in the struggle thai
is going on in Russia "between the people and the Gov
ernment. Bad as the Government may be it is prob
ably the only means, of saving Europe from an out
burst of Pan-Slavism that would fill the Continent
with a war in comparison with which the French Rev
olution would be a little thing. The Russian Govern
ment desires conquest in Asia, but the Pan-Slavs de
mand the union of all the Slavonic countries in Eu
¦ * . " ... ... ' -
rope. They desire to absorb not only, the Slavs of the
Balkan states, but'all the Polesjof the Austrian'and the
German empires. Consequently the Russian menace
which the Czar's Government now holds over China
would, in the case of the success of a popular revolt
among the people, impend over. Europe. How long
the military government at St. Petersburg can hold
down the growing power of the people it is impossible
to predict, but it is safe, to say that in the end Europe
will have to. reckon with the spirit of Pan-Slavism,
and the reckoning may be called for much sooner than
is generally thought probable. , - v; .;<.-
In the meantime it will be noted that the outbreak
of open revolt implies that the policy of conspiracy
and assassination which the nihilist leaders have so
long maintained in Russia is no longer regarded by
the excited populace as. sufficient to bring about, the
reforms they desi~e. Such conspiracies _ may go on
and assassinations may be attempted and even ef
fected, but the surging discontent of the people is not
going to rely any longer wholly upon those methods.
The spirit of revolt can no longer be held in subjec
tion by the Government nor restrained by the
leaders of the conspiracies. There is to be open
fighting. - ..
The troubles between the universities and the,Gov
ernment are "of long 'standing. It will be remembered
that last year the students at the University of Moscow
came very near precipitating a riot in that city by rea
son of the refusal of the Government to grant certain
concessions the students demanded. .The outbreak
was promptly suppressed at the time, but the discon
tent continued. V\Ve are now informed that at the
meeting of the council at St. Petersburg on Sunday
it was decided not to repeal one of the laws to which
the students most strenuously object, but to refrain
from enforcing it at present. It .would appear,'there
fore, that the Government has learned something of
wisdom and the students have gained a virtual vic
tory. A law f hat is riot, enforced "will' soon become
obsolete and in time may be quietly repealed. In th.it
way the university men will have gained redress to
that extent at any rate and the' Government will have
"saved its face." .
Two features of the report stand but with sufficient
clearness" to afford reason. for believing them to be ac
curately reported. The first is the announcement that
the disturbances were caused partly: by workingnieri:
and partly, by students, and the;second is that the
situation was sufficiently grave on Sunday to cause
the Czar to hurriedly summon a council of Ministers.
Those facts lead to the conclusion that something
more thanj a riot has occurred.' A cause which will
bring together two classes of persons so distinct "from
one another as are the university students and the
laborers in a- country like Russia is "evidently bnc
which has affected with' discontent nearly, the whole
mass of the population.;
tZIJ OR the first tinie in^many years the discontented
I elements of Russia have broken out : into open
t . ; fighting.. -To \viiat extent the rising has gone it
is, impossible "at this 'time ,to tell. : Reports of Russian
affairs are>hardly revere reliable- for 'the I censorship is
not only strict,':but is powerful enough; to so.enfo r ce
its orders that the' full truth concerning any particular
event of^'a disturbing nature leaks out only by slow
degrees.^ The reports- that have been sent abroad of
the affray in St. Petersburg on Sunday night maybe
exaggerations, but it is just as likely they are under
statements. Consequently' the i outer .world does not
know whether, the Russian' Government at this time
is confronting a mere outbreak of riot in the capital
or. the first ; symptom of a widespread ; insurrection.
THE RUSSIAN OUTBREAK
James H. Eckels, the banker, of Chi
cago, returned yesterday to the Palace
from a trip north with the Chicago Busi
ness Men's Club. Mr. Eckels, accompan
ied by his wife, -will leave to-day for Mon
terey. On Friday Mr. Eckels will address
the students of the University of Cali
fornia. .
General C. L.. Fltzhugh of Pittaburff.
Pa., accompanied by his wife and daugh
ter, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Mrs. Fltzhugh is a "daughter of the lato
General W. T. Sherman.
The Rev. Dr. Wekefleld of San Jose, ac
companied by his wife, Is at the Occiden
tal.
.George Fuller of San Diego la at the
Palace. • ,
Thomas -H. Thompson of Tulare is a
guest at the Lick.
J. B. Rogers, an attorney of Seattle. 1»
at the California.
TV. S. McGrew, a business man of Seat
tle, Is at the Lick.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a merchant of Stock
ton, Is af the Palace.
Frank Hogan' and wife of 'Spokane are
guests at the Palace.
J. B. D. Jarnatt. a mining man of Cc
lusa. Is at the Occidental.
E. C. Falling, a banker of Portland
Ore., is at the California.
R. E. Morrow, an oil man of Bakers
field. Is registered" at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION,
"W.* TV. Grey of Merced Is at the Grand.
TUESDAY .........MARCH 26,1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor/
liinu AH Ceoffittnititioni to W. 8- IEAKE, Kinigtr.
MAXAGEirs OFFICE. ; Telephone P J^"^J^
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. .Market rn.nO. Tfcird. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2JT to 221 SteT«niOB St.
Telephone Press SOS.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Single Copies. 5 Cent*. '¦
Trrm» by Blafl. Including Poatasei
TATLT CALL.- (Including Sunday), one year JS '22
TAILT CALXi (Including: Funday). « month*.: S°°
PAILT CA1X (Including Sundav). 3 months 1-M
DAILY CAUL— By Single Month 65<;
PfXDAY CALL. One Tear 1 -^
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1 - 0B
AH postmaster* ore authorized to receive
. *uliKcrIptlon*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requeeted.
M«!I *'jt£cr1b»r* In ordering chanre of wfldreM* should be
rtrticular to t\n bcth NEW AND OLD ADDKESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 11X8 Broadway i
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
fefttgtr fcrsign AiTtrtisiag. K»?qn»tti Building. Cticige.
<Lcr.g Distance Telephone "Central 261».")
•CETT YORK CORRESPONDENT %
r. C. CAHLTO.V Herald Square
KSW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHES It. SMITH. 3O "ribnne IlnlldlnK
NEW TOTIK NF~ S STANDS:
Walflcrf-ArtorU Hotel; A. BrenUno. a Union Square;
JCotray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STA2CE>S:
eherraan House: P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Frenont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St.. V. TV.
Momo.V i:. CRAAE, Correspondent.
nn ANCH OFFICES— «7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. op«n
until S:SO o'clock. 3ftO Hayes, open until *:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:3> o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:T"3 o'clock. IS41 Mission, open untn 18 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ccrr.er Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until t o'clock! IPS Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner T«-entT-« t "^>nd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
We would be glad to know of any, more
statesmanlike and • feasible method of taking care oi
the public range and deriving a revenue for irriga
tion.
When Colorado and New Mexico are included in
the. calculations the sum is slightly less to each State
and Territory.
This would leave a balance of $1,842,459 59 to pay
the cost of administering the leasehold system. '
Idaho .....;......,.... 1,271,628 19
Total .•••.... $8,157,540 41
Putting the total revenue fronrthe leasing of the
public ranges at $10,000,000 a year, divided equally
among the foregoing arid States, the amount would be
to each $1,428,571. By giving, to each a percentage of
the latter sum equal to the percentage of public land
to. its whole area the allotment would be: v
California . $S28.571 18
Arizona .......1,085,713 96 '
Montana 1,114,285 38
• Utah ...:..:...... 1,271,628 19
Nevada .............:....,..... U57.142 45
Wyoming »:.'.;... 1,228,571 06
Wyoming 86 per cent
Idaho • 83 per cent .
An examination of the above shows that the public
domain remaining in Federal ownership riscsVwith
aridity and falls with moisture. The States and Ter
ritories most needful of irrigation, therefore, have the
greatest amount of public domain to rent for provision
of the means of* irrigation. California, needing the
least, would get it.
An idea of the proportion lin which "such a fund
would be earned in and allotted'to the States and
Territories may be obtained from the amount of pub
lic domain remaining in each. Of their total area the
following percentage is public land: . •
California 58 per cent '
Arizona-- 76 per cent •-
Montana 78 per cent
Utah J.... . 83 per cent
Nevada .* .. ,.... 95 per cent
What would an individual business man do under
such circumstances? He would solve both problems
at once. He would make the stock grazier pay rent
for the public property he pastures and would devote
the proceeds to irrigation works.
The arid ranges; under leasehold control, would
yjeld nearly $10,000,000 a year.
Leaving out of the question the erratic nature of
such appropriations, their wasteful expenditure, and
forgetting such experiences as the venerable proposi-;
tion to make a harbor in Oakland, a Western man
may well put himself in the place of the Eastern farmer
and taxpayer. That' distant but good fellow citizen
of ours has had no help from the Government. . He
has planted and reaped and gathered into barns, while
the Government has been indifferent to his rainfall o r
the fertility of his fields. Outside the public land
States that taxpayer had to put up a high price for
his land, and acquired it by no such cheap and easy,
method as 'the pre-emption or homestead law. He
feels taxation and the burden wears upon him. He
gets tired and rests one leg while he stands on the
other. Senator Carter desires to tax him to aid farm
ers in the West who under the homestead law can get
land for nothing, provided ther Government will water
it for them, at the expense "of the unaided Eastern
farmer, for whom the Government does nothing.; Is
it any wonder that heads are shaken and discontent is
voiced in those Eastern farmhouses? s~
Again, the Eastern farmer is a citizen of the repub
lic and part-owner of the public domain." He used
to keep sheep on his farm, under fence, and found
them profitable farm stock. That part of his busi
ness is broken up. On his property, the public do-r
main, out West, sheep are grazed without paying him
anything for what they eat. To raise them costs noth
ing in comparison with the expense of raising them'
on his inclosed farm. He cannot compete. He has
parted with cne valuable means of diversifying his in
dustry and turning an easier penny, and he sees his
rival getting rich rapidly on pasture that does not
cost a mill. So these two Western visions disquiet
him. The property of which he is part-owner is, used
'without rental, and its use is destroying its sole value,
and he is called on to pay taxes to water another
man's land. Honor bright, is such a situation just
to our hard-handed fellow citizen, and is it creditable
to American statesmanship?
It is well for the. whole country to examine the
policy for which Senator' Carter spoke thirteen hours
without stopping. It is proposed to ask Federal ap
propriations to build irrigation works in the arid re
gion, in order that soil now barren for lack of mois
ture may be made fertile.
on the brakes.
He wanted money in the bill for irrigation works in
the arid country of the West. He wanted a larger and
not a less sum total appropriated by the bill.-and in
default of that talked the measure to sleep. The inci-.
e'ent is illustrative and suggestive, and we are glad
that the press of the country has found its true rea
son. In the first place it illustrates the log-rolling
method by which the river and harbor bill is built up
and voted through. Objects of expenditure that have
no merit at all are included in it to secure votes. It is
the purpose of those who were behind Senator Carter,
to force to the front another object of very large ex
penditure,' and beat the. bill- until that object receives
an appropriation.
The taxpayers would be glad to see the objects of
expenditure decrease rather than increase, and will by
their representatives soon open a more active cam
paign for the limitation of taxation. We are not am
bitious to hold the ribbon permanently as the costliest
Government on earth, though we do not insist that the
cheapest is necessarily the best. But a billion dollars
is a lot of small change, and the expenditure of that
sum per year is already in sight unless Congress puts
THE Eastern press, .and notably' the New York
Independent", has at last discovered Senator Car
ter. Eastern papers started to >ail an unknown
sea in quest of an economist, and supposed they had
found one when they landed on the Montana, Sena-"
tor's thirteen hour speech against the river and harbor
bill.
Just so Columbus started to sail for India and
thought he had found that land when he bunted
against an island in the Caribbean Sea. The economi
cal heart of the East is bowed down by the discovery
that Senator Carter's motive was not economy, but
quite otherwise. /.: .¦¦
SENATOR CARTER DISCOVERED.
tHE^SAN^FRASTci^^
Queen Eana valona 111 ; of
Madagascar.
After the British and 'the Russians had by mutual
agreement retired 'from the disputed strip -of ground
along which that famous Tientsin siding was being laid,
the Russians took a second thought, went back and
adorned the ground ¦ wfth several -Russian flags, and
now it remains to be seen whether any power will
have the nerve to pull them down.
> The managers of the Pan-American. Exposition at
¦Buffalo are said to be still 'debating whether the
show shall be open on Sunday ; but it •: is r a safe bet
that when the discussion is closed the exposition will
1 eniairTopeiv
6
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tfca
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery, st.' Telephone Main 1042. •
: Every hoat now coming. in from Eur§p«
Is loaded down with returning theatrical
people, managers, performers, pushera
and an occasional author.
• Dr. Sanf ord's I^ver Invlgorator.
Best liver Medicine, VewtahleCure for Liver Ills
Blllcusness. Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.*
. ' Sailing . under; false colors are aU .cheap and
poisonous ; domestic substitutes of , Dr. Siesert's
Angostura Bitters, great South American tonic.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opora -house— No performance this evening.
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson."
Columbia— "The Little Minister."
Aihambra— "The Ansel of the AJley."
Tlvoll— "The We<5dln« Day."
Olympia, comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute?, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park-Race*. * ¦¦¦*¦¦ *'.<
AUCTION SALES.
By BBffiTU & Doyle— Wednesday, March 27. at lr o'clock.
ITorsps. at S3 Pixth street^ . »
Choice candles. Townwad's, PsMace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townstnd'si*THE SAN FRANCISCO I. CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH . 26, 1901.
SCENE FROM "THE LITTLE
MINISTER,", NOW PLAYING
AT THE COLUMBIA.
Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
Rev. Dr. ; Heacock read a paper; on the
/'Forward ' Movement" before thetMetho
dist Kplscopal Ministers' i Union! yesterday
morning. The views : of the: author : were
discussed at length by the ministers pres
ent. ' An election of' officers resulted in 'the
selection of the following: President. Rev
John Stephens; ¦ vice "president. Rev. » Mr
Guth; secretary, Rev. ; F.K.V Baker. 1 < Com
mittee on programme-Rev. S.D. Hutsin
piller, Rev. E. : P. * Dennett ; and * Re v - Mr
Buck.. Rev. Mr.Tacon addressed the Con
gregatlonal Ministers', Union on ¦ the need
of ministers having an appreciative* att'
tude toward-, religions other than v Chris
tianity. 1 ¦ . . ,
The airship "on the ways" at the Velo
drome grounds, corner L of Baker and Fell
streets, is rajiidly assuming tangible form.
A large consignment: of aluminum has
been received from the East and Is beirg
quickly placed In position. Three of th<*
large ribs flfty-sirf feet in diameter are
already completed and serve to Impress
the visitor with tho enormous proportions
of this truly, remarkable ship. . As ' each
step is taken It Indicates the thoroughness
and cleverness of the, mind of the man
whose conception in responsible for this
new method of navigation. The announce
ment is made by the constructor that tne
first trip- will positively be made by the
first of May. .
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the company held yesterday the stock
•was advanced to $20. per share. As the
public become acquainted with the merfl*
of the designs and the practical construc
tion of the ship the demand for shares of
stock In the enterprise. notably increases
Great Progress Being Hade by a
Large Force of Workmen.
WORK ON THE AIRSHIP.
The annual election of the San Francis
co' Art Association will take . place this
afternoon at the Mark, Hopkins Institute.
The nominees on th© ; regular ticket for
the board of directors-are:
James ¦ W. Byrne, Willis E. Davis, Huth
Tevls. Clinton E. Word#n. \V. H.' Crocker,: L,.
P. . Latlmer. : Chauncey R. Wlnslow, ¦ Irving: ' M.
Scott. Henry Heyman, James D. Phelan, Hor
ace G. Platt. - • ' ¦/ ¦¦¦,:¦ -•: .'.-;,.
The annual meeting of "the association
will bo held at the institute this evening.-
It is understood that James W.i Byrne,'
who has served one year ; as : president,
will receive the compliment of re-election.
It is noted as an assuring sign of the de
velopment of art in San : Francisco that
the name of one artist; that of L." P. Latl
mer, appears? on the regular ticket: 'The
committee on nominations,' which had' the
honor of placing Mr. Latimer' on the tick
et,'consisted of Frederick~W.Zelle.Hor
are L. Hill and John D.'.McKee. - . .
Term as President— One Artist
on K-egular Ticket. ; -
James W. Byrne Slated for, Another
ART ' ASSOCIATION '
ANNUAL ELECTION
the term, with the option of five years
more at 5650 per month. years
The Highwayman Company.
•The Highwayman" Comic Opera Com
pany left yesterday for San Jose La
Loie Fuller Is with the company,' and
'L 001 ,^ 86111 lndi , c atlon B the organization
should be warmly received on all the
coast circuit. The company will plav the
entire Pacific Coast and then return East
There is a strong bill at the Olymp'a
this week with the Koebers and their
aerial act as the sensational feature.
Clinton Montgomery's illustrated songs
are worth seeing and hearing and ars
handled in a decidedly novel manner
Mabel Hudson is still a favorite and ail
the other numbers were well received last
evening.
Olympia.
Professor Barnes' dog and pony • show
scored a hit at the Chutes last night. It
includes some of the best trained animals
ever seen here. Including the only per
forming puma lion ever taught to ride a
pony. Al and Mamie Anderson present a
clever singipg and dancing act., George
Austin Moore, the, character vocalist,
«ang new songs. The Malvern family of
acrobats and new moving pictures con
clude a good bill.
Chutes.
William McDonald, the California basso
profundo, who* sang for a season with the
BoEtonians, appeared for the first time on
the concert stage in this city at Fischer's
last night. He was in excellent voice and
sang the "Armorer's Song" from "Robin
Hood." "One Hundred Fathoms Deep"
and "The Sentinel Asleep." Aku Aabador,
a Hindoo magician, mystified the audi
ence,, and the Tyrolean singers and Olive
Vail supplied i he vocal portion of tho
evening s entertainment.
Fischer's Concert House.
Tivoli.
The second week of "The Wedding Day"
promises well for the Tivoli Opera-house.
Thfi attendance for the eighth day was
large and the rongs of the favorites were
greeted with hearty applause. Hartman.
as usual, was a show In himself. The
piece is meeting with the success is de
serves.
•'Uncle Tom'B Cabin," the emotional
play that never seems old, was revived at
the Central Theater last night to a crowd
ed house. The scenery is magnificent
and called forth applause. James M.
Ward was excellent as Uncle Tom and
played the part with rare judgment and
effect. Baby Dody. a clever little girl,
was an ideal Eva. Her death scene
brought tears to the eyes of the gentltr
sex. Myron Leffingwell as Simon Legree,
the brutal slave owner, was villainous
enough to please the most exacting. Stan
ley Ross, as Mr. St./ Claire, was an ad
mirable counterpart. Lorena Atwood as
Eliza did well, while Fay Courtney was
a capital Topsy. Clifford Dempsey played
the part of George Harris and George
Nichols that of Phlrveas Fletcher.
Central.
toria winds up a first-class entertainment.
three months ago came to San Francisco.
He had been here but a short time when
he met Miss Jennie C. Welch, the daugh
ter of Captain Charles P. .Welch; U. S. N-,
retired, residing. at 861 "East Sixteenth
street, Oakland. When it became time for
him to resume his journey he found that
a parting with Miss -Welch- would be un
endurable and resolved to marry her.
As Caronna is combining business In the
interest of his Government with pleasure,
the array authorities of this city request
ed him to accept passage for Manila on
the Hancock. ¦
The marriage ceremony was performed
Sunday night at 10 o"clock by the Rev. W.
C. Shaw of the Church of the Advent at
the^ home of the bride in Oakland. Many
friends of the young Italian and his bride,
including General Shaf ter. were at the
dock to wish them happiness in life and a
pleasant voyage. -, • . •
DR. PATTERSON LECTURES .
ON TEMPERANCE ;CATJSE
Presbyterian Pastor Says Mrs. Na T
tion's Outbreak Is Setback to
, Enemies of Alcohol.
A number^of workers in the cause of
temperance assembled in the lecture-room
of the Young Men's Christian Association
building last night and listened* to a bril
liant lecture on "The Drunkard's Broth
er" by the Rev. C.J. Patterson, pastor pf
the Holly. Park Presbyterian Church. The
speaker showed a J familiarity with . the
methods of workers in the cause of tem
perance, and his address was replete with
figures and statistics tending to prove the
best manner to overcome; the evil.
Dr. -Patterson said he believed the out
break of Mrs. Nation. in Kansas set back
the efforts of the enemies of intemperance
indefinitely.: Continuing the speaker said:
"MInistersof ihe Gospel may differ con
siderably in their methods of overcoming
the evil. - What we want is a leader, one
such as John b: Gough: I believe that
God will raisa.up just such a one. De
spite our efforts I believe that so long as
rye. barley or ; the grape Is raised there
will be memwho will abuse Its, use. 1 Unite
ordie is the : motto under which temper
ance workers, should, work. Get together
in a phalanx and- attack intemperance."
Voting Machine Demonstrated. ,
The operation of, the Bardwell automat
ic voting machine was' demonstrated yes
terday morning in'the-rooms of the Board
of Election Commissioners. -< Charles M.
Clinton ; explained the workings of the
machine,- which he said had been success
fully tested in Massachusetts at . the re
cent election. R&gistrar 5 Walsh stated
that It would te tested' at the primary in
this city/on August ,13.
CHINESE SLAVE GIRL
¦ ; TELLS YARNS IN COURT
Fifteen Years Old and Asks to Be
Returned to Her Vicious
Surroundings. .
Yue Gum Nim, a Chinese slave girl of
fifteen summers, sat in the witness . chair
yesterday in United States | Commissioner
Heacock's. chambers and gave an example
of the facility with which the Mongolian
can fabricate' testimony. She was taken
on January 14 last from a brothel in Chi
natown to the Methodist. Episcopal Mis
sion on Washington street on a charge of
being illegally in the country. While in
the. mission she was interviewed by Chi
nese Inspector Gardner, Mrs. ' Lake.' three
Christian Chinese girls and others, and to
them I she made statements" that she was
born in China and had been living in this
country about ten- years.
Ex-.Tudge | D. J. Murphy ¦ and a' i burly
Chinaman: represented the little slave, or
rather her. owners. After the witnesses
had made their statements she was placed
upon the stand and : flatly contradicted
them. She swore that she was born In
Chicago fifteen years'ago and went back
to China five years ago, returning with
her mother to this country last May. She
did not know where her mother was at
present, but had heard that she had gone
East. She was taken out of the brothel,
she said, against her wish or consent and
by force, and she did not want to remain
in the '.mission..'-'. She had been -visited in
the mission, she said; by Jndge Murphy
and the burly , Chinaman, who acted • as
interpreter for Judge -Murphy on those
occasions. . . .1
Judge Heacock" took the case under ad
visement Should he decide that she. was
born, in the United' States It Is likely that
she will.be turned over, to the Society for
the Prevention of Vice, to care for her un
til she attains her majority.
could not continue his journey without
her.
By courtesy of the United States army
officials he was Invited Saturday to take
passage on the transport Hancock for the
Philippines, and, he at- once arranged to
have the marriage ceremony performed-
Sunday evening. Last night the happy
pair were upon the high seas.
Pietro Caronna comes from' one of the
oldest families of Palermo, Italy, where
he. graduated In technical and civil en
gineering.. He was 'commissioned in the
array of his native -land' and recently
started on a tour of the world, and about
Thomas Larkin was yesterday caught in
the act of trying to dispose of mechanics*
tools, which were stolen from the Ex
celsior Wire Works store at 751 Mission
street. The thief was negotiating for tho
sale of > the goods when Officers James
Regan and P. O'Connell of the Southeri
station saw him and placed him under
arrest. He confessed to the theft and
stated that he had entered the store from
the roof of the Model lodging-house, ad
joining the place and gained an entrance
through a window. He was booked on tho
charge of burglary.
Larkin Confesses Burglary.
MR. AND MRS. PIETRO CARONNA
ON THE DECK OF THE TRANS
PORT HANCOCK.
Two large deals In real estate took place
yesterday. A- M. Speck & Co. sold for
A. Aronson. the price being $125,000.- the
property situated on the north line of
Geary street, between Taylor and Jones,
purchased by Aronson a few months ago.
The buyer is a local capitalist, whose
name was not given out. The lot was
purchased by Mr. Aronson for J35,0y(j.
Sinco then he has erected a six-story
building upon it, fn which there are four
Ftores and a. lodging-house of 100 rooms.
The strucure is of brick- It rents for JS39
per month.
Anna McCloud has purchased a lot, <4:6x
:37:C. on the north line of O'Farrell street,
ZZOhi feet west from Powell, with also ar
L at C0x60 feet, fronting- on O'Farrell alley,
for $125,000. The buildings on the lot are
old ones. The brokers were Shalnwald,
Buckbee & Co. .
A. M. Speck & Co. have leased for XT. H.
and Florence Deming the ¦ rooming-honse
ax 24 Turk street of 100 rooms to the Glen -
arm Hotel and Investment Company fir
flve years at a total rental of $35,400 for
Quarter of Million Dollars Change
Hnnrts as Price of Prop
erties.
TVO LAKGE DEALS IN
DOWNTOWN REAL ESTATE
The newcomers this week are awaj' up
toward the top of the list, and -with the
excellent holdovers fill an enjoyable pro
pramme. Marie Wainwright, assisted by
Edward Eisner and C. Harry Robertson,
appears in the comedietta entitled, "Lady
l>ye"« Escapade." by Justin Huntley Mc-
Carthy. It is a snappy piece with some
serious play in it, and takes well. Scott
end Wilson flppear in a clever sketch en
titled "The Farmer and the Athlete," and
the farmer is a thoroughbred. As ex
ponents of quaint humor C&llahan and
r.Iack stand at the head of the class. The
rkctch is enlivened by the clever play
lc* on the Irish pipes and the exquisite
bit of character acting of the old man.
Burt Shcpard, the tnonologlst. is fat.
fair and Jolly, and readily established
himself as a favorite. The holdovers—
Techow'B cat?, the Bunth and Rudd Com
pany, Smith and Campbell and Papinta.—
hold their own in popular favor, and the
hiograph with the funeral of Queen Vic-
"Too Much Johnson," the Alcazar bill
of the week, kept a large audience in an
almost hysterical condition of merriment
throughout the three clever acts last
night. The piece is well staged, goes
smoothly and left the masculine half of
the audience dovoutiy hoping for the dis
tinguished ingenuity of its plausible hero
The next time they happen to be. "up
against it." Augrusfjs. otherwise Billings,
alias Johnson, etc.. the prince of accom
plished prevaricators, was well taken by
Joseph Kilgour. more especially In the
later scenes. Fraak Bacon gave' one of
l.is admirable old ia-;n. a really distinct
ive end quietly realistic character sketch.
Howard Scott, always reliable, was a
very amusing Jeaiaus French husband,
•wuh a serviceable .-iccent and a genulnc
<;sll!e wealth of gesrure. The redoubtable
Johnson himself was played for rather
more than it is worth by George P. Web-
Fter: Edwin T. Emery is a good male in
genue, punctuating his mock heroics as
Henry Mackintosh with the dishpan. and
Harry Bradley. Charles A. Smiley, Her
bert Carton and Howard Hickman all did
pood service. The feminine honors go to
MIsh Margaret Marshall for her cleverly
offensive sketch of the comic weekly
mother-in-law. Miss Lila Convcre Is a
tweet thing as Mrs. Augustus Billings
and Agnes nankin has a pretty part,
prettily played, as the ingenue. Leonora
Faddish.
Alcazar.
fsyi-^HAT charming play, "The Little
I Mlnistrr." is too well known to
1 1 need any detailed description. In
LL speaking, then, of the production
at the Columbia Theater last night
the critic has but the simple duty to per
form of paying whether, in. his opinion,
the-rrrprntatlon is worth th«» $150 which
Mr. Frohman demands as the price of
witnessing his"""two hours' traffic."
Under the circumstances I think I must
sn«=wer this question in the affirmative
nnd for three reasons: First, it is not
probable Miss. Adams will ever play the
part again, fo it's now or never for Call
tornlans; second, the company, though
had in some places and indifferent in
others, is irood in still others, and there
fore avej-ages fairly well: third, the play
itself, though an early work, is still the
work of the greatest humorist that has
erisen in England since Dickens, and
¦would therefore be worth feeing, even if
it were rendered more poorly than it is.
Prominent among the "good" in the cast
comes Mr. Hards, who plays the part of
the Little Minister. He has an excellent
elocution, an appearance that fits the part
and a quiet strength of manner which
never falls away into tameness or weak
ness. The part offers innumerable oppor
tunities for overacting along farcical
lines. Mr. Hards, like his predecessor in
the part. Mr. Edson. has been too well
trained ever to forget that he is playing
a comedy and not a farce. Excellent, too,
are the Nannie Webster of Miss Hender
pon — played better by her than by the
original in New York— the Chief Elder of
Mr. Valentine and tbe Rob Dow of Mr.
Henery.
The part r-.f L&dy Babbie was written
for Miss Adams, and r.o one who has seen
her in it can f !nd any one else satisfac
tory- Miss Palmer, therefore, starts with
n heavy handicap, which, it is to be re
grretted. she apparently makes no serious
effort to overcome. Lady Babbie Is a lady
masquerading: as a sypsy, and that is the
way Miss Adams plays the part. Miss
Palmar plays it like a gypsy masquerad
irir as a lady. Her voice Is quite incapable
of variation and melody, nor does she
Fcem to understand the expressing of
those delicate shades of emotion that give
The part Its charm. It cannot be said that
Mies Palmer's rendition is a failure, but
it is far. very far, from what it might
end should be.
In a Scotch play surely all the common
people should speak with a decided Scotch
accent. But Mr. Frohmaa evidently thinks
that German and cockney are common in
Thrums; some of his Scotchmen must
have been boro by Elbe or Thames bank
and have never been able to forget the
tong"ue-twists of their childhood.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
. Lennon strongly objected to the court
allowing Byington to see the test signa
ture, and as he desired -to quote decisions
Judge Melvin adjourned the case until this
morning at 10.
J. Sullivan, the hodcarrier, for the Street
Department, having failed to respond to
the subpena served on him. Judge Melvin
Issued a bench warrant for Sullivan's ar
rest. .;-.'. '•-,": ' ,'. :. ¦¦'¦:-: ¦¦¦'¦.-.'¦ •;• ¦¦¦ • :
Byington resented the personal imputa
tion and appealed to i the court. Judge
Melvin asain reminded counsel that per
sonalities must cease and to go on with
the case.. ¦•> ¦ ! > : V r -' , .:: "•.- • : .:'¦ > ;
When Lennon recalled Witness McGln
nis to the stand a scene occurred between
the attorneys. Lennon nought to test Me-
Ginnls' ability to Identify his own hand
writing and asked him to look at a signa
ture on a sheet of paper. Byington asked
to bff allowed to inspect the document, but
Lennon sprung his ever ready objection.
Judge Melvin ruled against Lennon and
Byington secured possession of: the paper.
While looking at it, Lennon j shouted at
Byington:
"You are looking at the part of the pa
per that is folded ovjer. Be a gentleman
for once if you can." w ¦
Opposing Counsel Clash.
When District Attorney Byington said
to Lennon. "You have argued this matter
before," Lennon came back with a're
mark that "the attorney is not telling the
truth." Byington countered by saying, "I
don't care to enter into a discussion with
you," and Judge Melvin threw oil on trou
bled waters by telling counsel to "pro
ceed wlih the proper conduct of the case."
Lennon fired a long string of legal and
technical objections to the admission of
the alleged forged warrant as evidence
and when he desired to make an argu
ment on the matter the prosecution tem
porarily withdrew the offered document;
John H. Ryan, clerk to the Board of
Supervisors, was examined at length as
to the modus operand! of handling salary
warrants. He testified that McGlade had
received from him the alleged forged war
rant after it had passed through the office
of the Supervisors. . .
T. B. McGihnis. clerk to the Board ot
Supervisors, testified that the signature
of his name on the alleged forged war
rant was not written by him, nor' did he
authorize any one to sign his name to the
document* . . • .. . - •
McOinnis Tells of Forgery.
A. J. Donovan, deputy superintendent of
streets in 1S97-98, identified the books and
records of the office, despite Lennon's ob
jection to having the books introduced In
the case. The witness tnen examined the
books and stated that no person of the
name of John Sullivan -appeared on the
pay roll or time books In 1897 or 1898. It
is ajleged that McGlade forged salary
warrants in the name of "John Sullivan.
a supposed employe of the Street Depart
ment, working as a cleaner and repairer
of city sewers. • . - ' •
When cross-examined by Attorney Len
non. the witness Showed by the books that'
"J. Sullivan" .had worked for the depart
ment in 1897-98 as a hodcarrier in the de
partment of streets. Sullivan, the hod
carrier, had- worked for $3 per day, while
the alleged forged warrants 'in the name
of "John Sullivan" called for pay at the
rate of $4 per day. .
. Martin Fleming, deputy In the Regis
trar's office in 1898. identified the registra
tion papers of McGlade and the signature
of the defendant. The papers were intro
duced as an« exemplar of McGlade's writ
ing.
Thomas F. Clark, deputy In the street
department in 189?, testified that he never
had a man named "John Sullivan" work
ing under him in sewer work.
John Sullivan Is a Myth.
As far as the testimony was concerned
It was the same* as was given at the pre
vious trials of McGlade. The principal
witnesses plainly showed that they .did not
intend to give any evidence derogatory to
McGlade. Ex-Superintendent of Streets
\V. F. Ambrose was the first witness of
the day.' He identified the warrant of ap
pointment of McGlade, but would not
swear to his own signature on the docu
ment. He evaded the question by answer
ing "it might be mine" or "it might be
so." • • . ¦
Harry Piper, chief deputy' to the County
Clerk in 1S97-98. also suffered a lapse of
memory when asked to identify his signa
ture on McGlade's oath of office. Attorney
Lennon strongly objected to the witness
stating whether the document was an of
ficial record, claiming that Piper was not
authorized to . administer an oath. The
objections were overruled.
County Clerk. TV. A. Deane, who was a
deputy in the County Clerk's office in
1S97-98. testified that the oath of office wae
an official document and that it had been
duly recorded. Deane recognized the sig
nature of Harry Piper on the document,
being perfectly familiar with Piper's writ
ing. -. - . ...-.•-
Detective Tom Gibson testified to having
secured the oath of office of McGlade
from the flies of the County Clerk's office,
giving a receipt for the same. Lennon rig
idly cross-examined Gibson as to his
knowledge of what constituted an official
file, but did not rattlo the witness.
Memory of Witnesses Is Bad.
Judge Melvin many times was compelled
to rebuke the attorneys for the language
which passed between them, Attorney
liennon being the aggressor In chief.
When Lennon asked Byington : "to be : a
gentleman for <5nce/if you can". Judge
Melvin took a hand in the affair and re
minded counsel that there must be no
more such unseemly passages.
Almost every question asked- by the
prosecution was objected 'to by Attorney
L.ennon, and in the majority of cases
Judge Melvln overruled him.
The features at the trial ot Peter J. Me-
Glade, ex-clerk in the. office of Superin
tendent of Streets, charged with forging
salary warrants, yesterday were the con
tinued objections of Attorney Lennon to
the introduction df evidence and* the "ex
change of sharp, verbal passages between
District Attorney Byington and the de
fendant's counsel.
Prosecution.
Continual Objection Is Made by De
fens» to Introduction of Evi- , .
dence in Behalf of the
Judg« Melvin Rebukes the
Belligerent Attorneys
for Wrangling. .
COUNSEL QUARREL
IN McGLADE CASE
Mrs. Ogden said last night: , .
"I would have no cause to suspect the>
Chinaman but for the tact that he was
the only one who knew of the location of
the tin box. He. left me last Thursday,
three days before the robbery, and to
commit the crime he must have got into
the house after we had retired. I always
hang the keys to my room in the kitchen,
and I found them there after the robbery
was discovered. Some time ago I was
robbed by a Chinese boy. and the one
whom I now suspect asked me before
leaving If I had ever caught him. I told
him .10, 6O I suppose he thought himself
safe in Imitating him."
¦ The ir.ctter has been reported to the po
lice and detectives have been detailed on
the case. The tin box contained also a
certificate of deposit for a large amount,
payment on which, however, has been
stopped. ' ¦
-Shortly after 7 a.' m. a man named
Brown, who keeps a small store near by,
found the tin box on the sidewalk In front
of the house, broken open and rifled of
everything but the papers. He immedi
ately reused Mrs. Ogden . and informed
her of her loss.- She searched her room
and found that, in addition to the three
purses stolen the thief had rifled a drawer
In her writing desk and taken a diamond
sunburst valued at $1000, lorgnettes valued
at ?150 and a pearl chain valued at $100. In
the drawer which was rifled was a valu
able chatelaine, a purse containing $60
and numerous other pieces of jewelry
which were not taken. • .
Dolly Cgderi, ' keeper of a house at 228
Mason street, has been robbed of consid
erable coin and a quantity, of jewelry and
Is somewhat at a loss to name any one
who would be guilty of the 'crime. Her
suspicions, however, are cast on a Chi
nese * servant, who left her employ ; last
Thursday. He secured leave to remain
away from his work on the plea that he
was not feeling: well. Mrs. Osden in
formed-him at the time he complained of
feeling . sick that he could lay off until
such time as he felt able to return to
work, but it Is now doubtful whether she
will seek for him again other than
through police channels.
According -to Mrs. Ogden, the robbery
occurred between the hours of 4:30 and 7
a. " m. yesterday under the moat peculiar
circumstances. Mrs. Ogden retired at 4:30,
but before doing so made certain' that a
tin box containing three purses and sev
eral "papers of value to herself was in its
usual piece in the closet where she buns
her'clothes. x She did not occupy her own
room that night, sleeping with another
woman in the house after assuring her
self that her valuables were safe. ,
Box Which Had Contained Money
and Papers Found. on Sidewalk'
by Neighboring Store
keeper.
Dolly Ogden Deprived of Cash
and Jewelry While
She Sleeps, y
MAS0N STREET
HOUSE ROBBED
BEGIN THEIR HONEYMOON
ON TRANSPORT HANCOCK
Young Italian Army Officer Wins a Bride in
California andlSails for Philippines.
THE honeymoon of 'Pletro Caronna,
a young . Italian', army - officer, and
his bride commenced as the trans
port Hancock left *•' its dock for
,, Manila' yesterday. The story of .the
couple's courtship and its. happy termina
tion savors, of romance. 1 .The groom,. trav- ¦_
eling to see the worlds met the girl who is.
now his wife in this city, "and as friend- ,
ship ripened into love concluded that he"
"LITTLE MINISTER" WORTH
PRICE THAT IS CHARGED
Hards in Title Role Creates Good Impression.
Shows at the Other Playhouses.
7
SICOEASAGHE
. > Positively cured by these
. Little Pills.
; They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Tasw
in the Mouth." Coated Tonjrue, Pain iv
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.. ' :
Economical
of any of the
Cereal Coffees."
That's the
verdict rendered
by those
who use
Cereal Coffee. -
"Figprune
Cereal
is the most
Nutritious
and
IF; YOU would know
The Whole Truth;
Read between the lines.
. iPHONE- ...;... ..SOUTH 779
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY. ¦•
LAST WEEK
Of the Mammoth - and -Master Melodramatic
. Production of the World! ,v .
\rh"tTTP THE WG NEW YORK
• ± XILXLJ . .SENSATION.
:;-¦; '' ' prices
To-night, Wm Gillette's Comedy/
"T^oo Much
Johnson."
SEATS - • ¦ -?•>-. 15c,.2?c, 35c, 56c
: MATINEES SATURDAY ' AND SUNDAT.
Next Week— TENNESSEE'S PARDNER.
mr EC TANFORAN
RAtE3_ PARL;
THt: SAW FBAH-IISCD JOCKEY ClUB.
_ Week March- 25th to 3Cth. •
H SIX ; HIGH-CLASS RACES : EACH DAT.
, ;I ~ TUESDAT-HURDLE: RACE.V
• THURSDAY— HIGH-WEIGHT - HANDICAP.
SATURDAY— THE SPRING HANDICAP. $3000
, .- . :; ._ ''r -ADDED.
( : >''. First Race Daily ' at 2:10 P.*M. ; : '"'
- Trains from - Third and ¦ Townsehd streets— 7.
10:40, 11:30 a.'m.;. 12:40. 1,-1:30.- 2 p. m. • ....
.¦?•- ReturnlnK -leave, Track. 4:15 and thereafter at
s^rt - Intervals."; '. - • • ¦¦ I ;¦¦• r . •' : , • - • l-
•ADMISSION. (INCLUDING R. R'FARE) It 2S.
: MILTON S..LATHAM, SecreUry.
>' E. v . J.' POWER, Racing Secretary.'.
A BILL BUILT OF THE BEST.
MARIE WAINWHIGHT Assisted by
£DWARI> ELSNEB AND CO., BUB.T
SHEPABD, CALLAHAN A2SD
MACK, SCOTT AND WILSON.
SMITH AND CAMPBELL, TEC-
HOW'S CATS, BIOGRAPH, Last
.. Week of BUNTH AND BTJDD CO.,
and PAPINTA. -
THE BIOGRAPH
THIS .WEEK SHOWS
QUEEN VICTORIA'S FUNERAL'
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Soat* 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
— — : — • ; ; —
tftflS BI&JIB1 A 5A.1 FHASCISCO'S
U U LU IVIJ9 1 #& taOIN'G THEATRE
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FIRST TIME IN THIS CITT.
. CHARLES FROHMAN Tresents
THE THE
success I JTTI C
CENTURY! "-..¦¦¦¦. ¦ LL
By J. M. B.\RRIE.
Founded on his novel of the same nam«.
BE LASCO AmoTHALLS
Phone South <3X
TO-SIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.- — ¦
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent, Revival of Mrs. Harriet Beecher
"•» -• Stowe'a Immortal- Story,
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN"
*_e Most Gorjeous Production Ever Swn In
A Powerful Cast; Plantation Songs and
Dances; Jubilee gingers: Bloodhounds, etc.
DDirCC' Evcnis K s "" i**c. ISc. 3JSc. .lOo
lalWCD Matinees »t>c. t.'.c, -
, , Next W«k— America's Tragedian.
ROBERT DOWNIXO In "THE GLADIATOR."
*TIVOL1*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATTTRDAY
AT 2. ¦-
•'SECOND WEEK— BIQ CROWDS SEE"
The Musical and Comedy Scnsat^n,
WEDDING
II mm ~^JT W 9 9
Next Oper»— The Greatest of AH Hits.
THE IDOL'S EYE. "HOOT. MON."
POPULAR PRICES.... ....25c and 5*3
» <: ¦'• Telephone— Bush,*.
PT^rHPR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
Wm, McDcr.ald, Aku Aabador. Marietta, th a
Flechtls, Olive Vail. Lillian Jeanettf. A. B.
Bentley - and Hinrichs' Orchestra. . Reserved '
Seats. 2Sc Mattne* Sonday. " ¦ ".-¦¦¦-
AiITJSEI£XNTS.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line or* railroad, for
sale. Splendid chance for these about to
fortn an oil comsanr. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & SOMES <S. C. MASON, agent),
101 Chronicle bid*.. San Francisco.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT anil DYSPEPSIA,
-DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
PALACE
and
GRAND
HOTELS,
San Francisco.
These hotels pos-
sess the attributes
that tourists and
travelers appreciate
— central location,
liberal manage-
ment, modern ap-
pointments and
perfect cuisine,
American and Eu-
ropean plans.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pahl's Shoes
;The' other day we bought the entire shoe stcck.
toxiose out everything that is left prices that arei
almost nothing. -A . '
• Prices will be much lower than Pahl's were at
;h's sale last month. ''•-:' • -
In ord?r to get ready for the sale and -mark
every price down ' . - .
Store wi 1 1 be
, Sale starts' to-morrow morning' at nine o'clock.
See to-morrow's papers f or. s: me of the . bargains.
*l» --^X JLrf» ,-,_;': \*~4 & '^t *-7^ +7j S-Ji rv.
324 Kearny Street, Near Bush.
J^g CARTERS
.TheMorrow nv\
Coaster BraKe / J [» y
Cu»r»nt»»« yoa jlbstlutt Cemfert \Y L V j
n«i Pltntxrt in Cic/inf. Tlt% any l*L^»J%^>
wheel. Your wh-«rl »Iw»t* under t^r >t Xfc
control. Security on hills. A luxury t| J
on the level. • , \ 1
Tou Ride so Mites, but I V-i^ta
Pedal only 35 Miles * raj^
100.000 Mti^Sed riders Uu r-ir. ' I? IU«
Sold by all dealer*. Sjai.a Frtt. \ I W*
XCLirSKXFO. CO., Hainan. T. V /^ |
i|llll»iwn»i I in ¦ ».¦ i ¦ . ftim*mmmr-*m~K.$
AMUSEMENTS.Visible, Grain Supply,
NEW YORK. March -25. —The, visible- supply
"CHICAGO. '¦> March ' r. 25."- r CATTLE— Receipts,
21.0CO, Including ; "X.CO Texans; stjeers ; active,
firm; ¥ butchers' ' stock; active.-; Good to^, prime
steers," $ufi«: poor to medlurri, v :$3 75©4 So: stoc-k
ers and feeders; steady.* S3 75@4 65;«cows,^$2 "70
©4 S5; v heifers, ¦-¦$2_75®-4 60; J-.- canners' ,'.-"$2'g 2 60
bulls. Btrong, $2 h0<ff4 So; steady,-^1 50
f(C;" Texas fed steers."," topi sales, to-day, $4 S3-
T^xas i grass "steers, $3 45@4; Texas* bulls. 1 -? 12 CO
<n? 7 $. < **6*mK^GlBm*mii*atP*< ¦ ¦:.¦'-.-¦. ". . ,¦<
¦• HOGS— Receipts ' to-day, v SS.OOO;- to-rrorro"w,"
20,000; market 5@10c- lower;, top,; $6 07^. .-Mixed
and bifchers.'SS 80§6 02^: sood to choice heavy
$5 95<S6 07>4;vrough 'heavy, ,\ $5 SOtfJS M; 1 "light
$5 75^5 95: - bulk^ of , sales/: $5 87',i«?5 95..'." ; -'
-SHEEP— Receipts, -'15,000; ¦• sheep':" and " Iambs
steady : to '.strong. -1 Good "tor choice:-; wethers '
J4 80«i5;, fair to choice mixed. ' $4 fiO<54 SOirWest
mn sheep.. $4 80tf?5> yearlings. ¦, $4 75@5 10:.natlvo
lambs, . $4 90<i5 45;; Weueni > lambs." »» 20@5 45;
Chicago Livestock Market.
' LIVERPOOL. .'"'.
.TVheat— Mar. July.
Opening :.'... V.'S 1H ' 6.\.
Closing ,.......................:;.. S> «4 • 6 ?4:
! Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening ,...L..... .1850 1)30'
Closing ........'.. IS &0 ;; : 'l3 35
'¦Flour — '*. • ". . " 1 ;'¦ •-,-""
OiKjnlng^ .....' . 23 6A >.J4 60
Closing '..... .....23 60 24 65
The ' bond market continued . active and . re
ftrtJonnrj* in rr^tf ¦ Total . sales.*- $5,460.<HO.
Vnii^d Ftates refundtnp twos coupon advanced
!i P^r cost on the laet "call.
f>lu» Is also reirarded' with "Increasing serlous
r»>w< and the •D?< i u'ath« contingent does not
maintain to the full '. It* " expremed confidence
that r«!emDtlon. of. Government ¦ bond* will
•-*rta!nly-b<» rcrstore<f to *ave the stock market
from a m*xicy i>!nch. To-day'« payment : of
S2i.W.(!00 on account of the 6teel ' syndicate
punrcrJptlon unsettled the loan market to some
extent, but tbere was no notable rl*» in money
I W 1 1 ¦ f<l«*liBI>SI*iymjl*Wt *><l»Ilf*VO l >"sOTllHH)«")' illi
NEW TORK. March 25.— The clcninr of to-,
day's £tock market was in contrast with the
•jpenic^r. The first prices of stocks showed the
effect of the large buying demand which had
lieca attracted from outside speculators over
l-unday by the fat-enable bank statement and
1 he resulting upward spurt of prices In the
fc'atunlay market, but the results of to-day's
cr^rationB Indicate pretty clearly that un
eaMTies* avr the money outlook was rot en-
Ufiy Quieted by the Saturday bank Ktate
rrtent. Professional operatora fed the outside
tferr.and very freely during- the first hour. »o
trmt there were no Important advances after
the oiwnlng. except where some special influ
fnc* vrt at work. When the accumulation
*>f buying orders In commission houses had
Ifrfn worked off this profit-taking began to get
the be« " of prices and forced a general de
<-Une. The effort *f the leaders of the specu
lation during the rest of the day was to make
an imposing chow of sharp advances In the
«iook« r.f minor railroad companies concerning
*hirl) plausible reports of consolidation with
larger systems could be devised and of which
tlie capital ifi-up or the flouting supply of stock
is sufn«-i'*ntly narrow to make possible effec
tlie Rianitmlatlon by speculators of large re
ncurcrs. There were to many, of thcee gains
and thpy werp eo impressive In extent as to
?•r>» \*ry well the purpose of the bul! lead
tk to cover their profit-taking movements eloi
»h«»re. But the bear operators gained courage
and they made a general attack on the market
!«»•• In the day, forcing some rather violent
declines In the Grangers. Pacifies 'and South
v.«f*t*>me. making the close a very active one
«n'l'd«»cid>dly weak. There were gains of from
i to ~ cuints in a number of -standard - rail
road stocks and f-peel/dtles in the first hour,
T> xae «nd Pacinc and Ontario and Western
l»e!rg heavily bourht for London account
Kariy wesknecs developed in the local traction
Fto< ks and in Sugar. . but It did not imme
diately afreet the whole market. After the
!*r£e outside demand hid been partially Batls
(i»J tcme tharD advances caused among
Ow junior Aanderbllt stocks, running In some
<.*«*« up to over & points.- The Wheeling and
I — kp Erie Ktorks -»-er* quite, prominent, as
were Pittsburg arid St. Louis, the express
f-omrwiy etocks General Electric, North
Amcricop.. Amalgamated Copper. Consolidated
Gs* and a number of minor specialties. The
Southern Railway vtocks, Ht. Paul and the
Pacific* majde a. show of utrength at one time
an<l late In the day the Hocking Valley clocks
and the*Toledo. Ft. Loui« and Western stocks
v.ere moved v\> even after the general market
had t*com* distinctly weak. In the late drop
l;*riw-r and Rio Grande lost 3H. Burlington 3.
W'abneto preferrd Sli. CJreat Northern preferre<l
C'~. ft. -Paul over 2 points and a large num
t>«r fit th«> principal active stocks from 1 to 2
clonts. The stocks which had been made
r<oint« of resistance retained part of their gains
«t the close, although they wer* materially be
low th« best prices. tTnea«lness Is caused by
the apparent difficulties ahead . of the foreign
money markets Incident to the requirements
for the'eoming German and British loans. t The
upward course. of exchange aroused the appre
iTDrions that geld may go abroad. The cob-
Tinued drain of the Government revenue sur-
Xew York Stock Market.
Cash quotations . were as follows: . Flour,
steady;:No. i^red wheat. 75%c;.No. 2 corn,
41>4c: No. 2 yellow, 4l%c:;No.,2 oats, " 25»i(g26o;
No. 2 white,' 28c: No.SiWhlte, 27Hif28V4c;'No.
2 rye. " 53QB3%c: ' good feeding . barley, ; 46c; fair
to choice malting 4S@58c; :No. ¦ 1 % flaxseed,',
$164%;;No. 1 Northwestern, : $1 56; prime tim
othy seed, $4 25; mesa. pork, per barrel," $15 6o(g>
IB 60: lard. ¦ per 100 lbs. $8 0298 07<4 ; short ribs
sides (loose), $7 SOS 8 10;: dry salted '.shoulders
• boxed), 6 r /»@6T^c; short clear, sides (boxed),
$8 37^i®8 50; ; whisky .". basis of high wlnes,$l 27;
clover, contract grade. $10 65glQ 75/; . > . ;^-. :
Articles—. ¦•" ;• ""Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34.000 2S.0OO v
Wheat, bushels ¦.....;... ....114,000 , 32.000 ,
Corn. -bushels ....251.1)00 . V 141.000 -
Oats, bushels ..301.000 400,000
Rye. bushels' :........."...... 60,000 ' ',-
Barley, -. bushels r....".: 83.000 ,7.000?
' On . the • Produce Exchange to-day the ¦ butter
market was oulet;; creameries. 16®21c;*- dairy;
11® 18c. Cheese. . f alrJx. active ; 10V4@ll%c. " Eggs,
quiet; fresh, 12c. ¦
Articles— .-' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— --¦':.,
April.'...-. 75«i • 75H 73 : - 75
May < 76H 76»4 75% v 75T»
Corn No. 2 — - • - . -
May 41Ti 424 '41«4 ¦. . 42%
July «H ' «H ¦ 42 42H
Oats, No. 2— . . - -
May 2514 • 25li "24*i , 23i.i
July 24?i 24Tb 24** 24J»
MefB I'ork, ; per bbl —
May.. .......15 35 15 75 15 39 .15 70
July. 14 SO '". IS 1?M 11 SO 15 17V4
Lard, per 100 lbs-^-
May 7 55 .8 02'j ~ 7 85 8 00
July ....7 85 ¦•' 7 97H • 7 S5 7 97 >,4
Short Ribs, per 100. lbs— v ¦ -' .-' ¦•- - : ,-
May .......'......... 7 60 8 C2«i 7 90 • 7 97>,4
July 7 72«i -7S7H 7 72«i' 7 83 -i
September ......... 7 65 .-.1 8214 ' 7 6* • 7 82ij
W P Hussey, Ind .
B K Hussey. do
D E Stiff t, Chicago
A Brown. Kenvllle
0 Scrtbner Bakersfield
J F Cooper. Texas
G W ¦ McMlnnan, Or
R L .Van Sandt, Texas
F D' Matthews, Texas
G W WlnshJp ft w. ND
L O Feset. N D
J D Sprout & vr, Chico
E Stein. Illinois
R E Morrow. Bakersfid
M McWhorter. ' do
1 N Reed. -Chicago
Mrs Wilkina. Cal
J F Lewis. Colfax
L W Hancock, N«v C
H Levv. LouisTlII*
J H Russell. San Jose
J Retting. Vermont
L A Blaslsgame & w,
Fresno
K M Slauson A vr. N T
VIIss G M Carpenter.do
J A BltteL'Cal
WE Safford. U S N
D H Fanning ft w.
Mass
Miss Fanning, do
W P Dlckson. Tacoma
R W Tureman. Mo
B B Tureman, Mo
D A North. Boston
S T "Brown,. Seattle
M C Nutt & W, Nev
Mrs TV C Ruddetl. do
J • H Roberts. Sacto
W Bowie. Wash. D C
A Knlsrht. " t>«nv»r
E W Freeman. L A
Miss D Klcy, Petalom
D Llpman. Seattle
H M Hollister, Cal
Louis Manuel. Fresno
A M Allen. Monterey
J E Koeberle. L A
Mrs J M McDonald.
Lowell, Mass
D D Rosewarna. Jf Zld
T E Bark worth A w.
Jackson. Mich
Mlis Barkwortb 4k
maid, do
Mrs T Swlnaertoa *
maid, do '¦_-* "
W B Harrison, Skta
G TV* Kopp, Bonoaut
Mra C H Godfrey *
maid. NT
E D Godfrey, N T
8 li Corey. Berkeley
J A Wright. Alameda
W W Gray. Merced
F P Howard. San M
D D Campbell. Saa M
TV H Wood. Penn
G H Beecher, Cal
P 3 Cannon. S L City
V Deweln, Peoria. Ill
J Turner, Cal ¦
J W Rose, Healdstmrr
O S Estun A w, Col
Mrs E H Vance. Eurt
Miss E S Vance, do
J C "Wilson. Hartford
D S Rosenbaum, Stkn
H Wolff. Hongkong
A Lawrencit. Mllwank
A S Udell. Iowa
Henry Morris, Fresno
C W Eastur. Modesto
E r> 'Woodruff. Salt L
PALACE HOTEL.
F H Newton, Boston
W Bowie, Cal
C Williams * w. Cal
J H Deerlng, N T . -
F" C Drew. Oreenwoo-1
E Wiener. NT
R M , FlatoTr, Johan
nesburg
L T Wright. Cal
M- ¦ Freniere. Cal
N*t. Griswold. Illinois
J P Ryan. U S A
Mrs J Jung. 2 eh. Cal
O M . Purnell, Saeto
G B Scannel. Arizona
Mrs Wheeler. Cal - :•
E H Wheeler. USA
J D Harris. N Zealand
H W Helss. N T
G Fuller. San Diego
F L Frisk. Cal
D Sproul & w. Cal
W G Clarke. Seattle
J F Edmonds & w,
Denver
F Tiflman & w. Cal
Agnes TUlman. Cal
F Tlllman. Cal
Ml"* A Mangels. Cal .
J M Meeka & w. Bostn
Cen G C L Fitzhugh.
w A maid. Pittsburjt
C K Fitzhugh & w. Pa
A-E Painter &. -w. P*
C L» Painter &. servant.
Pittsburg
J Painter Jr.- Plttsbrg
F H Whitney. Mich -
Mrs T H EdaalJ.-Colo
C - Edsall. • Colo Srpgs
S " F : McKinnon & w,
Canada .
B H Strawn * w. Chgo
C. A Wells." NY
Miss Wells. NT
AC Smith. N T
W A Frost. Chicago
Pr Poniatowskl. Cal
F H Newton. Boston .
W Bowie. Cal
C Williams £ w, Cal
J H Peering. N T
F C Drew. Greenwood
ifr & Mra Banning. Cat
O FJ Goodman St w.
Cal •
T J Savage, Cal
Mrs T J Savage. Cal
Mrs J Lambert. Cal
Mrs Jackson. Cal - .
H S Thompson & w,
"J B Howard & w. Cal
Miss M Sawyer. Cal
Miss G Sawyer. Cal
Miss J Bush. Cal
Mr* W H Foltj. Cal
C Thompson." L An*
V. Bruce, NT.
W J Pope, Chicaga
A C Magnus ft vr, Chf
C A Battle ft -w. Mo
L Burrows, Illinois
J A Teftt. Cal
J A Lcmcke & w. Ind
J Blnfl!e>-. Cal
Mrs J A Anderson.
Colorado
M 'Anderson. - Colorado
N R Salsbury, N T
M" E W Rollins* Denrr
R C Healon. Boston
Mis* Lymin ft maid.
Cal
• . »i»-»r».- Lon«tt»n
H S Jullen. N T
Ml»9 Julien. N T
J A Brent. Cal
A M Ramsay. Cml
NEW -WESTERN HOTEL
M Werner & w. Cal
J R.Tyler.\S Barbara
H S. McDonald. P Diegi
M B Qumberan. BIng- ;
hamton
C J Donnerson. Minn
B Finch, Denver ... >
3 M Faulke. Vancouver
Mhw Lucy Bree. ' Bostn
L. . C! Carson. Chlcaso
A W. Kinsr. Cincinnati
C F W-rnecke, Mo
H Hudelman.' Berk»!?7
— Sklower. Mont ;
"W Reid. Portland
W Anderson, Port!an4
M ' Donnelly. Portland
J Bonnltt. L»n*>rf
D D PWcf. Ferndals
A. D E1H» & w. Mich
J Ray. England "'
JO Wilson, Seattle -
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL AKRT7AL&
i he rreffure has fallen rapidly during the
pa*t 54 hours over the country west of the
Wacky Mountains, except along the immediate
¦*>as*. where there has been a Flight rise. A
ihMurhance of considerable energy overlies
IVcjhinston , and Idaho, extending southward
rniwigh Nevada to the valley of the Colorado.
Hieh westerly winds are reported . at Wlnne
mucr-a. Canton City and Independence. Snow
i>5 falling at Salt Lake City and Pocatello. A
Vhimderfitorra it reported at Bols*.
UetUff frosts occurred this morning in the
Fslt H'ver Valley of Arizona.
FcrecaM made at San Francieco for 50 hours
fmtintc fnidnltht March M. 1S01:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
«va.thfr Tu-sday. wtth fog along the coast;
frrh werterly ''""inds.
Kouthtrn California — Cloudy. unsettled
•i-eather Tuesday, with fog along the coast:
Cr**-h weat winds.
Nevada— Rain, or snow Tuesday; high west-
PT-ly winds dSminlshing.
Ltsh— bnow or r*tn Tuesday; warmer. .
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, probably preceded
by- heavy frosts in the morning.
•an Francluco «.nd vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
probably fog in the morning; fresh westerly
•rind. ¦ ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FORECAST
S?an Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
•'9; icinircum. El; mean. f-5.
WEATHEE CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The Oregon steamer, brought down less than
800 '„• sks -;_ of ;.- Potatoes. /.Three '¦ cars h - of • Sweets
came.« In.:-: Onions j* continued *, steady.' '
'All .Vegetables remained ; about as. before, ex
cepti'.thats.Tomatocsiwerer nrm." * Receipts Tof
summer.'.klndsiwero^light.', ' ¦. : .-.>.:-•=.
v. ;• Receipts *¦ were •. 1446 ; ; boxes •"-[ Asisaragus, 214
boxes ; Rhubarb, r "67< tacks J Bay:' Peas and ' llo
sacks i New ' Potatoes. .¦-»--*; ••_" - V"- : -.... ' -.-,
»- f«.>T ATOK-v- Karly -i Row. ..' ?Bc®$l : . Bu rbanks
:r>^i 50c I for ; River I and 1 60090c f for 1 Oregon ; ; Gar- '
net , Chiles \ from . Orejron.'j 8O@S0c ; f?weet», ; fiftigToc
¦ for i Merced ; 3 New J: Potatocs.^lUftSUc •; p«r lb. ¦Hy-^
!'i ON1UNS — $2(6i.»ptr;cH:' r V.ut-'oniuiis. \nniH 50
per- sack; Australians."- 13 C0C4:~ Green- Onions,"
25#r4<v>. ; p*r jViox.'.j'o : ¦, "... ; ' • ¦ ¦ •¦ • '•-. ".: _¦¦ > '-.
; • VEGETABLES— Rhubarb.*.: 50cfl|$l 60 . per ; . box ;
A sparaRus.V; $2(32 23 2 for J fancy .'« $1 25© 1 75 > per
box^.fer ! No.s \\ a'nd 1 BOcfiJ %l~ for t No.'t 2: -r Green'
Peas. .-¦ 2© 3c i for f. Bay ; / String .*>' Beans, i:", 5?i,Sc ;
Cabbage.; 65cW$l; .Tpmatoes,. Los ; Angeles,'\75o^ ,
% I'M fper V crate: iifroni Z Mexico, :' $1 2C(a 150 per
crate; t Egg : Plants Lob fAngcles.MO^Ucrper lb; 1
«reen Los , 'Angeles. ; 8«17V4c;T>er. lb*: for
Oille iand v.lSVbc s fori Bell ;i\ Dried * Pcppers.s 12«?
ISc : -.Dryj Okra.'* 2Sc ; per s, 1J) ; I Cari*ot s.'i 25©!3ftc ! per
sack : j Hothouse • Cucumbers'? $1^1 60 * per: dozen : i
SummeriSquaeh.;$i:25f I'M) ;per, box:* Oarllc.I'/j
«n 3tJ ! ptrilb;: Marrow fa t'Squa3h,;j:0jj 30 'per. ton;'
Mushrooms,'. l*g 15c per]
,'- The ¦ market , stands ' precisely the > same, ' col
ored Beans being weak and' white; firm. : There
is' nothing doing, however,';' outside the Govern
ment ¦ orders for f . whites." • "' .
iBKANS— Bayos, $2 5O©2 63: Small White, 0 $4 63
«?4 90; Large^Whlte, »$4®4 25:> Pink,* $1 85<S2 10;
Red; $3<tr3 25; i Blackeye, . J34T3 25; i Llmas.'. »o Tojf
5 80; 'Pea, ',: nominal; Red Kidney, v $3 7o@4 per
: 5*EEDS-Brown • Mustard, - nominal ; Tellow
Mustard, 'nominal ; ¦ Flax. ; $2 50©3; Canary, 3Vi<8
S»4c: for; Eastern: Alfalfa, 7H«?8%c^for Callfor'
nln. and 0(591-^0 for,Utah:.Rape." 2®2%c;- Hemp,"
I^c: Timothy. ;6«ic • ¦ ¦-¦¦¦¦¦ r • - <¦ , --
f ;• DRIED ;PKAS-NUen.: J2«2 50; Green. $3 703
3 per ctl ; • Blackeye. , nominal.
Potatoes,^ Onions and . Vegetables.*
Beans [and 'Seeds.
Bran Is . quoted 50c. 'higher. Receipts are
light.* Hay „ Is .- In liberal receipt. , and | quota
tions have, not 'changed- for a 'long. time. '
• BRAN-$15 50@16 per ton:
j MIDDLTNGS-116 50#19 50 pe r ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled > Barley. ?16 50(217 - per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, S25&26: jobbtn- '
$26 60 ; Cocoanut Cake. ¦ $17«/ IS ; Corn Meal. $25«?
25 60; Cracked ' Corn. $25 50026; Mixed Feed
$15@16.'' " ¦¦¦;•, ¦'. ¦ '. •./.-.. -!¦•;¦:-. 1 . '... ",. '.-¦ . - '.
HAT-Volunteer.' Wheat.- Jll@13; Wheat
and Oat. $0«12; Oat. $9@11 60: Clover, nominal:
Alfalfa. --$8® 9 60; Barley. .$7 50@» 50 per ton. •
STRAW— 35@47Hc per > bale. .
Hay J and ¦' Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California: Family '. Extras. Xi 25®
3 60. usual terms: ' Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 23;
Oregon.^ $2 75@2 85 per-barrel for._famlly,% and
J3 75®3 for bakers' ; .Washington. ¦ bakers' . $2 75
©S."--^.'- -."• ¦;•"¦-' , "-•-• ' ¦ ,.V,.v: " . ¦- ¦¦-¦-.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In sacks are «»' fol
lows, usual discount : to the i trade: " Graham
Flour, ¦¦ $3 per 100 lbs ; : Rye . Flour. ) $2 75 ; Rye
Meal. $2 50: ¦ Rice' Fiour.%' $7; - Corn^ Meal, $3 75
extra cream do, .$3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: ! Hom
iny, •'$3 50«?3 75;' "Buckwheat ¦¦• Flour. '-.$4fj!4 »5-
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; -¦. Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 :3: Rolled Oats •barrels)* $6 lrt
@7 60; in sacks. : $5. 75«7 25: Pearl • Barley. <¦ $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per. 100 lbs..
Flour and rMitlstuffs.
CALL BOARD: SALES.
Informs' - Fwlon— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No ' sales. ' •
• Regular Forenoon ¦ Session— No sales. ' -
Afternoon ' Session— No sales.
OATS — Were-dull and '• unchanged.' '
¦White. $1 25^1 45; Surprise, nominal;. Red,
$1 25<31 40 1 for - Feed and $1 So^l 45' for Seed ;
Gray, nominal;' Black? for Feed. Jl 17Wffl 20
for fv.4. «i;;sfli .10. r*- otl. - - / ™ '
"- CORN— There is nothing going "on. Yellow.
StlO<gl 15:- White. »l log 1 15; Eastern mixed
$1 12H per ctl. .
-RYE-r8C^S2\ic per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal. •'
Feed, 76V«c for choice brlrht. 75c . for
No. rand 72H@73%c! for".off grades; Brewing
andShlpplng grades. 80g85c; Chevalier, nomi
nal. - -¦ ¦- ¦ -¦.,"'¦¦..---.
WHEAT— Paris was '* lower, -s Liverpool firmer
and New .York about fthe same. The world's
shipments .for the^week were as follows, in
quarters: Russian/ 75.000; iDanublan, C 40,000;
Argentine, ~. 252.0C0; . 'Australian,"", 65,000. . The
American visible supply' decreased 410.000 bush
el*. *" - - •-¦•,'¦ ¦'.i^-$>j&% :i iPf>2.3Z'j :¦ .--¦¦••
Chicago was firmer, but n'ot'quotably higher,
with a Hght demand." chiefly speculative. There
•was ¦ som« Wheat taken I for export. Commis
sion ¦ house6 were , fair sellers. :.
'The . local market - was unchanged and very
dull. •:.-••¦, ¦¦_.•¦ f :
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling, $1 02%®l W
per ctJ. .''...-, .... .•:¦•_: . ¦
\ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No eales.
Second Session— No sales. - . • . . •
Forenoon . Session— December— 14 000
ctis. $1 K>y,; ¦-¦,..¦¦': .- ,
. Aftennoon Session— No sales.
'BARLEY — Dealers quoted a quiet and rather
Wheat and Other :Graihs.
Sterling Exchange.' 60 days...... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight......... — 4 t&\
Sterling Cables ;....;... — 4 ?9%
New York Exchange, sight:..... — . • 15
New .York Exchange, telegraphic — " J714
Silver, per ounce......'. — - - 60*4
Mexicaii Dollars, nominal..:...... 50 O 51
Exchange and Bullion.
¦WHEAT— Opined nrm in higher cables aii<1
moderate world's rhlpments and was sparing
ly offered- during" the first; hour. A, strong
contingent of active local traders of optimis
tic temperament' attempted to create a feel
ing of strength, but the mild spring weather,
liberal' receipts and lack of - vigor .- in the *x
poit demand were factors agatnst them, and
May. having opened HftVic higher at 76U€'76»,c,'
sagged during the forenoon to 75»i <3 "oTfce. ¦ ¦
The corn strength and heavy seaboard clear
ances caused cvveririE by shorts, under which
May later rallied to 7<".\ic i , but : plenty, was for
sale on :he rally and May again sagged off
to 7534@75?4c and closed easy H@%c at'753ic.
The market as & whole was dull and local. -• -
Oats were dull and heavy; but steady with
corn. May oata closed unchanged. -.
Provisions were rather quiet, but had a
strong undertone' throughout' There was . a
fair- amount of buying of ; May pork on 3tn
theory that a reaction was due. May . r*.rk
closed SOc'ltisrlier; lard and ribs . each 12Hc'up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO. March 25. — The corn crowd 'came
Into the pit In a; bullish. frame' of mind and
at once began the strenuous activity which
made the f.oarrc cereal the feature" of ; trading.
May opetied Uc higher at A\*i<Q'A\%c. -. and. ad
vanced «arly tn 42c with but slight opposition.'
New srround beins broken, bears • offered what
looked like the whole crop, but the ranks -of
bull professionals alarmed shorts and a good
ly force of out-of-town traders absorbed every
thing. May closed " Etrong ?i@Hc over yester
day at 42Hc. - - . '" ¦. . ¦-¦'"." '
NEW YORK, March 25.— A slow but steady
market prevailed all day for evaporated apples
without an apparent change in quotations,
which were on the basis of 3@4c for State com
mon. 4U 6 4T»c for prime, . c@ 5*4c for choice and
6®6V4c for fancy. - -
-California dried fruits inactive and un
changed. Prunes, 3H@"c per pound, as to size
and quality. - • .
APRICOTS— Royal. 7&@12c; Moorpark. SU@
13c. ;- •-¦- . ¦ -¦ ¦- ¦ ¦ . ¦ - ¦ : ¦ ,.
PEACHES— Peeled, - 12'4@20c; unpeeled. «H<S>
10c. ' •
COFFEE— Spot Rto, steady; No. 7 Invoice.
7 I /»e; mild, quiet; Cordova. fQt2Mc. Futures
closed quiet. 5 points higher. - Total sales. , 18.000
bags, including: May, 5.66c; July, -5.75c; Sep
tember, 5.85@5.90c; October, 5.90c; December.
6.05c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady to firm; fair refining,
SVic: centrifugal. 96 tost. 4 l-3'.'c. Molasses su
gar, 3 9-32C. V * -;--..
BUTTER— Receipts. 7500^ Firm; fresh cream
ery, 16(g22c; factory, 9©14}jc.'
EGGS— Receipts. 12,925 packages. Firm; West
ern at mark. 13Uc
WOOL-Qulet
! ¦ NEW TORK. March 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
29.108" barrels: exports, 8319 barrels; held at old
prices, with demand generally' 5@10c lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, . 26, 1C0 ' bushels; exports.
8S.770 bushels. - Spot, easy; No.' 2 red. slHc.f. o.
b. afloat: No. 2 red. 80%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, S9Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth. 92c f . o. b. afloat: Options started off
ratker steady on foreign cables and lower con
sole but developed subsequent weakness under
a small export trade.- liquidations and specula
tive Indifference. Closed easy at 'iSUc net
decline. May. 80 6-16@S0%c, closed SO%c; July,
SO%@S0%c. closed 80^-; September, 79?i®79Tic,
closed 79?gC. -
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
Ludwlg H. and Martha B. Har.isn to John
H. Bcardman. lot on W lin# of Van Ness
avenue. 57 N of Union street, N S3, W 123.2.
SE 39:2H. E 105; *400O.
Mattte. Esther A., - Elisabeth A. . Era. B.
and Emma M. Watson to Board of Trustees
of Calvary Presbyterian Church and congrega
tion cf San Francisco (a - corporation), lot en
W. line of Flllmora street. 80 S of Pacific. 8
50 by W 100; J95C0.
R. C. Chambers. Wells, Fargo A Co. and
John P. Glynn to Mary -E. GlyEa. lot oa 8
line of McAllister street, 133:9 W of Scott. W
27:6 by S 137:6; (3500.
George Brown to William C. Hamerton. lot
on SW corner of Waller street and Masonic
avenue. W 66:3 by B 100; $6000.
James B. and Sarah to Albert J.
Runyon (as guardian of Stanley T. Runyon.
minor), lot on W line of Castro street. 50:2
S c« Twenty-third. 8 43:10 by W SO; $3500.
Alvinza Hay ward to John D.. Frederick W.
and George P. Tallant. Elizabeth T. Brlc*
(wife. of John J.) and Anne T. Tubba. lot on
NE corrier of* California and Battery streets.
N 62 by E 53:6. quitclaim deed; $50.
Jeanne L. Sawyer to- A. A. Moore 8r.. lot
on S line of Geary street. CO E of Brooks.
E 50:8. S 77:6. W 60:6." N ». E 30. N 74:8, and
all Interest In Brook street (or way): $50,000.
Salomon and Caroline Relsa to Henry von
der -Held, lot on NW corner of Lombard and
LeAvenworth streets, W 40 by N 137:6; $5000.
B. Kelsey to Margaret Crossley. lot on NB
corner of Greenwich and Hyde streets. E 2S
by N 56:6. -quitclaim deed; $10.
Margaret R. and L. O. Croasley to Frank
B. Washington, undivided one-quarter Interest
In lot on NE corner of Greenwich and Hyde
streets. N £5:5 by E 23: $10.
Mary A. Behan to Elizabeth J. Kalley. lot
on NW line of Minna street. 123:6 NE of
Ninth. SB *5. N 75. SW 35. SB 75; also lot
on N line of Sagamore street. 1W N of Capitol.
TV 25 by N 125: also lot on N line of Sagamor»
street.' 25 TV of Marengo. W 25 by N 125; also
lot on N line of Kara Hones street. 400. E of
Marensro, B 50 by N 125; also lot on W line
of Berlin street. 271 S of Sliver avenue. S 100
by W 120; also lot 421. Holliday Map A; also
lots 1 to 4, Gift Map 4; gift.
Charles H. Bell to Mary E. Bell. lot on W
line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 223 N of B street.
N 75 by W 120; Rift.
Charles H. and Mary E. Bell and Georga
B. Barman to Luclnda M. Bannan. lot on W
line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 200 N of B street.
N 25 by W 120: $500. .
- Builders' Contracts.
Emma Xj. Palache and Juliet H. Lombard
(owners) with E. T. Letter (contractor), archi
tect E. A. Mathews— Brick and carpenter
¦work, palntlrur. plumbing, gaaflttlng. tinnlnr.
sewerlnjr. plastering: and glazing: for a two
story frame building with sumrandln* Im
provements on N line of Green street. 72:* W
of Scott. N 107:8 by TV 27 :S; J7C65.
Same owners with same contractor, archi
tect same— Same work for same styla of build-
Ing on W.llne of Scott street, 107:8 Jf of Green.
TV 107:6 by N 30; $6160. . ! 7
B. S. Hays (owner) with C. Campbell (con
tractor), architect . Plastering work for a
three-story frame hotel building' on JJ lin» of
I-:ddy street. SA VT of Leavenworth. W H:» by
N 137:6; *1C24. - -- • . * , w
Mary E. Glynn (owner) with Whits- Bros,
(contractors), architects Martens & Coffey—
All work except plumbing. . painting, mantels,
gas fixtures. ¦ electric work and shades ' for a
two-story frame building on S 11ns of iTcAU!s
ter street. 133:9 W of Scott. W 27:« by 3 137:4
$6500.
Eastman Kodak Company (owners) wlta TV.
H. Bagge (contractor), architect none— Offlc«
purtitlons. doors, tables, racks, shelves etc .
including painting on top floor of a flve-story
brick building at 643 Market street CBlshos
building); $1230. . /
BEAT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
PAN FRANCISCO. March S3. 5 p. m.
The followlnK are the seasonal rainfalls to
date ts compared with those of saire date last
f*ason, and rainfall in last 21 hours:
(lDtk Meridian— Pariflc Time.)
Weather Report.
Mail reports from New Tork say: "Holders
of California loose raieins feel decidedly bet
ter now that the Ralcia Growers' Association
has rescinded its act I jn of making a European
expert price of Sc f. o. b. coast en 3-crown
r ¦<- raisins, but the actual effect of this
lstect move on the coast is difficult to "esti
mate inths prevailing dull and narrow mar
ket ou the fpot. Thtre is virtually no demand
for I-croun and 3-cror.n loose raisins, and the
trade In seeded raisins is entirely of a hand
to-mouth order. Valencia*, both imported and
domestic fruit, are mating: with some demand
from the East Side trade at 6Vi@7\c for im
ported stock, and 6'iQTi-c for CaJifornla. Of
f^ringr#= of domestic .it Cic are now Quite well
ciesc«d up.
•'I'rjnei continue in rood demand. Some
goods are arriving daily from the coast, but
not enough have com* up to date to relieve the
fccarcity- to any extent. Fifties are hardest to
¦ret. and holders generally are asking •5»,c.
From the coast seme goods are offering of all
»iie« at about a SMJiHc basis. I Trade in
apricGin. peaches, pears, etc.. is of Email pro
iHjrtions." . •>;;
The Locfion Grocers* Gazette of March 9
caye: "The feature of the salmon market* this
•week hc« been the further heavy arrivals. In
cluding the Clan Mackenzie with 69,451 cases
f :-:-.. BrltUh Columbia and the Afghanistan
with Kd ar.d the Hiddekel with 53.1S4 cases
fj-crc San Francisco to Liverpool. One or two
weak holders of small quantities have offered
et lower prices, but these parcels have been
quickly snapped up or.i the market may be
quoted as generally steady all around. Prac
tically all the ealmcn that has arrived In
Liverpool will be going into consumption, be
ing all sold to arrive. Further arrivals of
fruits have been Sec<i\"Cd v at Liverpool this
week, comprising th* Afghanistan with 91.399
cs spy and the Hlddekcl with E3.1S4 cases.- The
::..-.:..: has continued remarkably steady in
•face of these quantities."
Raisins and Prunes in New York.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
U S 2s ref reg......lP8 IN T Cent lsts.....,107»i
Do coup.;.......:.106V4 N J Cent gen "Bs. '..13314
Do 2« reg 111% NorthernPac 3s... 72
Do 3s coup ¦...111U Northern Pac 4S...105T4
Do new 4» reg...l3?V4 N T.C & S 1. 4S.M08
Do new 4s coup..l38«4 N & W con'4s;....103<i
Do old 4s reg... .113 Or Navlgt8........uo
' Do old 4s coup. ..114^4 Do 4s.'..........". 104 '
Do 6« reg ; 111H Or Short Line 6s!.12S
Do Ss-coun ..HU-i Do con Bm..... 116W ,
Dis of Col 3.<5b 123H Reading Gen 4s.... 94U
Atchlson gen 4S....1O4U ROW lsts....;:..10lii {
Do adj 4s;..;..... 94»i SI, t'IM con Ss.im;
Canada Sou Ms. ...168 R L & S F cen 6s.l3iu
Chea & Ohio 4%s... 107% St Paul con....;.:.184i|
Do 6sr.....-.......12m St P C,& P l«t,.".ilS
C & N con 7*....;.l«Vi * Do 6s...... ....\~ l'0'4
Do 8 F Deb 5s. .124 Southern Pac 4s^ 9'i.
Chic Term is...... 97 Southern, I*y B«.... 117
Colorafio Sou 4s.:.. 8S Stand R & T 6s.. 58
D A n a 4s. ....^..102 Texas & Pac lsts.,120
Krie Gen 4s... . S8y. -Do-2d8..... .96
F.Wt D C lsts...lO4>4 ITnion-Pac 4s.. ....106
General Elec 5s... 176 Wabash lsts .TT.r.IUli
Iowa Cent lrts... .117 Do 2d«. ......:;"*" no
L & N,Unl4i 1O2V4 Went Shore 4b..;.'.*115»4
M K &,T.2d«.. ;.'.... 80«A WIb Centrists..'... 90H
Do 4s 98V4 Va Centuries .:.... 90»j
MINING STOCKS. -
Adams Con 231 Little Chief..." 15
Alice ". 33 Ontario ..V.10CO
Breece ........; .1 20 Ophlr :.... ..; -&5
Brunswick -Con...".. , 23 Phoenix ..;..:... ...-.': (13
Comstock Tunnel..: Co 1 Potosl ".;;..; -14
Con Cal A Va:. 1 90 Savage. .;...'...!.'.'.'! 12
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra. Nevada...... 34
Horn Silver....: 1 10. Small -Hopes.;;..:.- ' 65
Iron 81Ivee.T.*..:.<-... TM iStandard.....:.......4O0
L«adville.Con... .051. -.-. -
; BOSTON STOCKS AND • BONDS. \
Money— ,. . Union. Land ..... . 4
Call loans ... .rfi3U West End ..'.;.... 85-
Tlme loan* ....... 3«4Q * Westlngh Blec .... 62
stocks— - "•."¦-" VVls Cent.........:. 20'4
Atch Top &. S F.. 60Vi Bonds— C.
Do prefd.......... ?4V» Atchlson 4s '..V.....102
Amer Sugar ......141. -Mining Shares— *w
s Do prefd..... 121 Adventure . .:..:. r.. 15*i
Bell Tele ....... 171"i Binnham Mng Co.. 25»i
Boston & AIbany.,255 • Amal Copper .....loiu
Boston Elev ........174' Atlantic v. .-.;'. .-..*.' mt,
Boston &. Maine. : .1!>4'4 Boston & • Mont. ; 357 .
Chi Bur.t Q;;...:.163H Butte & Boston. 7.. 101 W
Dominion Coal ...'. 38'.i Calumet & Hecla..S55->
• Do prefd.... .... .".110 - Centennial >".. 7.... »7»4
Federal Steel... '...'48^ KVanklln ...:..... h£
¦ Do^prefd. ;.'..:. ...100 Humboldt; h
Fitehburg prefd ...Ui'/i Osceola ..; ...;. n
General • Ele$ ...."¦;. 215- Parrot ..;..'........- 5-»
IJo preM... V...... 200/ Qulncy c. ..:....;..-.. 174
'Ed'Elec III ...... — 255 Santa- Fe Copper 8:
N.E Gas & Coke.": 12 • Tamarack .:.v.V..r.33R i
Old Colony ...... ...207^ Utah Mining ;/.'.~ 34 U
CLOSING BONDS,
NEW TORK STOCK UST.
Shares ' * . • Closing
Sold. : Stocks— Bid.
20j900 Atchlson '. 60 >i
13.000 Atchlson prerd .........." 94
2,100 Baltimore & Ohio............... 9N4
600 Canadian Pacific 94>*
S.700 Canada Southern ...» 63
6,900 Chesapeake ft Ohio .' "........ 46U
4.100 Chicago Great Western.... 22*i
£3.100 Chicasro Burlingrton & Qulncy 163
15,400 Chicago Ind & Louisville... 3T"i
800 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd...... 73
6,400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...lisu
.: Chicago & Northwestern....... 178
8.800 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific. ;....127»i
10.000 C C C & St Louis 80
lS.ooo Colorado Southern 12
9.600 Colorado Southern 1st' prefd...../... 48
9.200. Colorado Southern M prefd... 22*i
900 Delaware & Hudson.: ...;... 163>»
- Delaware Lackawarma & Western.. 195
24,200 Denver & Rio Grande 46H
9.000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd..... 96
137.500 Erie 34>4
14.600 Erie let prefd 68H
2.200 Great Northern prefd.". 199*4,
1.6C0 -Hocking Coal 17V£
3,400 Hocking. Valley 55
2fO Illinois Central .136VJ
4.200 Iowa Central ....;... 32
LOO0 Iowa. Central prefd 61ii
3.200 Lake Erie & Western 5S>i
400 Lake Erie & Western prefd.*. 124
Lake Shore 210H
11.500 Louisville &. Nashville 99^
18.100 Manhattan L 123>.i
7.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 163
4,600 Mexican Central 241:
2.300 Minn & St Louis... S8
COO Minn & St Louis prefd 112
11.600 Missouri Pacific .....lCOH
400 Mobile & Ohk>. t r SO
6.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 24<4
4,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd..... S6»»
New Jersey Central 154
16.3C0 New York Central 146'4
3.900 Norfolk & Western 51
Norfolk & Western prefd... S5
ls.400 Northern Pacific .'. ?6%
500 Northern Pacific prefd 8S r *
C3.300 Ontario & Western.. 34'
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav- prefd 76
51.900 Pennsylvania J54U
23.700 Reading 34'
10.500 Reading li<t prefd 731;
37.200 Reading 2d prefd . 471!
100 Rio Grande Western ...;... S3
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 10*%
6.100 Ft Louis & San Fran.: .43
St Louis & San Fran l»t prefd...... M
1.0C0 gt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd GS^i
3,300 St Louis & Southwestern 35
4.200 Kt Louis Southweetern prefd "64U
4. ,100 Ht Paul 14S«1
St Paul prefd. ex div... '.'.'.'.'.'.VH\i
?t Paul & Omaha. uvl
EL700 Southern Pacific <S rJ
S0.300 Southern Railway
19.500 Southern Railway prefd. TRa:
37.700 Texas & Pacific :....-. ]] 33^
27.400 Union Pacific gir;
, 1.S00 t'nion Pacific prefd.. '.'. giv
«.ioo wabash :;:. "£
42.600 Wabash prefd «»;
1S.E00 Wheeling & Lake Erie.... ..'.'SI l7Si
"•221 & Lake Erie 2d prefd....".' 33»:
1.700 Wisconsin Central „;... «o4
• Third Avenue " * "121
200 Baltimore & Ohio .'..'"•' «w%
5.000 National Tub- t r " 60
100 National Tube prfd """"ll3«i
Express Companies— ¦ • ,
Adams ...'. .;;..... mo
1.W American in"
6<w> United States .'..'.'. "7s
100 Wells-Fargo ...' 140
Miscellaneous— " '""
300 American Cotton OH "511
Amctlcan Cotton Oil prfd * Is
'.'. American Malting.. ' 5*4
JOD American Malting prfd... 26
10.300 American Smelting & Refruj '." 57'i
1,700 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 93».
American Spirits • j4
American Spirits prfd :.. "."" 17
£00 American Steel Hoop t r..... ' itsi
2. M0 American Steel Hoop prfd t r.. . ' 9't:
1.900 American fitc-1 & Wire t r . 4?%
1.000 American Rteel & Wire prfd t t'.'.'.'.VM
1,200. Amerrcan Tin Plate t r.. 70S
'^•;^ American Tin Plate prfd t r.. '.'.'.'.'.'. 115
American Tobacco i^il
American Tobacco prfd '. "lio
6.000 Anaconda Mining Co.". 471:
21,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '..'.' siil
4,200 Colorado : Fuel & iron ..;.- sivt
4,600 Continental Tobacco ""' 4^
1.200 Continental Tobacco prfd..... 1O4S4
4.100 Federal Steel t r .:.... ' 4SH
2.100 Federal Steel prfd t r !..!l.'"!*ioo2
4.000 General Electric II hi£u,
1.000 Glucose Pugar " Jg 7 *
Glucose Sugar prfd *..'. 94
4.100 Internatlonsl Paper '.'.' 26V,
4.600 International Paper prfd * " 7su
Laciede Gas tit?
100 National Biscuit * 471?
National Biscuit prfd ; * 931I
300 National Lead ' 15U
....... National L»ad prfd............ " 5*3
JflO National Steel t r.. .............. "" 52
200 National Steel prfd... ........ usit
New York Air Brake 159V?
7.000 North American ;. 83
Pacific Coast B5
Pacific. Coast 1st prfd......... 91
....... Pacific Coast 2d prfd.. #.. . fii
303 Pacific Mall ..." $5
6,000 People's Gas ....*:. :...;.;.."; . 104*x
ino Pressed Steel Car ......S.'. 36
100 Prewed Steol Car prfd... 751;
Pullman Palace Car.......: ¦ ya
Standard Rope & Twine '..'. 41:
S7.«nO Sugar ..-. j«r*
100 Sugar prfd .....;.... i"2
6.400 Tenn Coal & Iron 551:
1,700 United States^ 'Leather..'.......,; " ; 1'%
300 United States leather prfd......!."" 74*?
1.500 trnlted States -.Rubber........ .. «4
1.2O0 United States. Rubber prfd.'. 60
25,500 'U'««tern Union -.......; S8»i
3S.S00 Amalr*niate<l Copper 101U
2.600 Republic IronVi Steel Co prefd.... 6S
2,600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prfd.... 6?
; P C C &'St Louis:.........:.. 67
1.341,300 Shares «old.
. MONDAY. March 23-4 p. ra.
Bid, Ask. I BM.AsJc
Alpha ........... 04 ca'justlce w 04
Alta C6 O.'.Keatuck ........ — (3
Andes ......;„. .65 06 Lady Wash 01 C3
Btlcher OS 09jMexlcan 32 34
Best & B«5lch»r 22 2 J. Occidental 05 09
Bullion.".. — 02JDphlr 7t> 71
Caledonia 7S 8o\»erman 15 1*
Challenge Con.. 16 15 Potosl 13 u
Chollar 15 17fSavage 10 12
Confidence 70 73'Scorpion :.. — M
Con Cal & Va..t85 1 SOjSeg Belcher 01 C3
Con Imperial... — 08, Sierra Nevada... X2 33
Con New York. — ' OliSllver Hill 42 " 44
Crown Point.... 10 12 St Louis 05 —
Eureka Con..... 06 — Standard ......A CO 4 S3
Exchequer ..... 01. 02 Syndicate — 0«
Gould & Curry. 14' 15 Union Con...... IT 19
Hale & Norcrs. 14 15 Utah ".. OS' M
Julia ; ci C^ Yellow Jacket.. 17 li
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session. ¦ -
500 Andes 06| 200 Mexican ........ 53
20O Belcher (tti SCO Mexican S3
oCO.llelcher .' 08 S00 Ophir .. U
3C0 Best & Belcher 21 f £00 Savage . ' " 13
200-CholIar : ' IS* 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
SCO Con Cal & V.J 8I>» 1K0 Union Con.. . 1»
SCO Gould & Curry. 15! 200 Yellow Jacket 20
2CO Gould &. Curry. 14i
LONDON, March 25— Atchlson. 62T4: Cana
dian Pacific. 9714 : Union Pacific preferred, 87 ;
Northern Pacific preferred. 91; Grand Trunk.
8»4; Anaconda. 9H. Bar silver, steady, 27 13-16d.
Money^3?4@4«i per cent. \ -
CLOSING.
American shares were bought steadily all day;
The favorites in the demand were Denver and
Rio Grande Issues, "Wabash, . Louisville and
Nashville end Ontario and Western.. The last
were notably strong. Eries.hung back on the
large account open in , them and heavy ! profit
taking; also there was big selling against op
tions which are maturing to-morrow. Money
was In great demand and th'e market I Is bor
rowing heavily • from ' the bank. The . tank
bought £13.000 of *old bars. - ¦
Business was fairly brisk to-day. Considering
the fact that ' to-morrow ' is ¦ settlement - day | the
tone wu rood except for* Investments which
are suffering somewhat from the tightening of
money rates. .... * .-¦•¦¦.. . ¦¦ .....,.,¦¦»-.-
. NEW YORK, March 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .;,
London : Market!
: WASHINGTON* : March 25.— To-day's; state
ment of the Treasury balances, shows: ".Avail
able cash balance, $152,858,077; 'gold, '195,231,047.
. *nsw „ TORK. : March - 25.— Money on call,
steady at 2% per cent: prime mercantile paper,
SV264«i per cent; sterling; exchange nrm. i with
actual business In bankers' f bills at U 88% for
'ifiyjPl and w M ?* tor sixty days; posted rates.
$4 So>4@4 89: commercial- bills, \J4 83%@4 S«*.;
silver certificates, 61%@63c: i bar silver, -60%c;
Mexican dollars, 49c Bonds— State, inactive;
Oovernment, firmer; railroad, irregular. ; • .
Condition of • the Treasury.
New York Money Market.
Old, Dominion ....1 361J Winona 6H
Rubbel \c •'"••• WH -Wolverines ...61%
Union Pac ........ 9i«4 -•
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange Mnchanged." .
Wheat dull at previous prices. Barley weaker.-
Nothing nczv in Oats, Com or Rye.
Bran 50c higher. Hay in liberal receipt and- unchanged. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables stand about, the. same.
Butter lower and accumulating. Cheese Urm and Eggs steady.
Fourteen cars of Oranges sold at auction. ¦¦.
All citrus fruits as before quoted^
Prunes still firm, with an advance possible.'
Provisions firm, but not very active. \
Nothing nrjj in the Meat nuirkct. ¦ ¦ ."
Oil stocks active. Local stocks sell fairly. \-
SUMMARY GF THE MARKETS.
COBelcher-.. ..12 6C0 Mexican:.!.; 35
70t) Best & Belcher ; 2J COO Ophlr,"......;.... 74
200 Best '&'. Belchtr ', 24 3P0 Ophlr. .'.V..V..... 7L
ICO Chollar ¦....".-... .1' ; 200; Overman ..:.... W
ino Chollar :.;.-.:..-. 16 .MO Overman ...-;... u
ICO Com Cal &V.Z 02'^t -(«"> «lerra Nevada, i 3S
20ft ' Oon ¦ Cal.' &-V.."2- 05 j 1100 Sierra Nevada: Si
K0 Con'CaI : &V.l ?2Hi 200 Sierra: Nevada.
2C0.Con «7al.& Y:.-.l »{. MO Yellow Jackets ; Zi
SCO'Gculd &. Curry; 15! . J
Morning Session
MINING. STOCKS. ''¦
Following were the. sales in the San Fran
•clsca Stock and Exchange "Board yesterday:
- \- ','..' .'Morning; Session.
'SCO Best &^Belcher "23 1000 Ophlr ".".'........•". 75
3 TOO B«.t- & Belcher 2r. ¦ 70O Overman ... is
fiCO.Chollar :: : .-17 1«» Savage ;;....... 12
; 100 ChollarV:...".... 16 SOD Sierra Nevada. 32
TOO Con Cal & Va..l 95 .500 Sierra Nevada. 3t
£50 Con Cal & Va..l 90 500 ITnioti Con....... 20
'^230 Mexican.....:;.. : 35 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
50 Mexican"...."..-.- 32
.-,'-""...¦ Afternoon Session, j
3C0 Belcher ......... 10:- 250 Ophlr ..\........\ 71
klM Belcher ........ 0D) 3:0 Ophir ....:;..:.. *7tl
|9«» Belcher! .:.V.::v : 0S TOO Overman-..'...-., u
'•,'500 Be*tt& • Belcher-. 22 3CO 1'otosl ;.r...:.z,. U
;;lOOCon Cal & Va.l ST. W Ravage ......*. \->
I 4(0 Con Cal«:.Va..l 90 7«> Sierra -Nevada. 33
¦; 400 Mexican . . ..... 21 fjerra ¦ Nevada. Z2
.'1W Mexican ........ 32 ,2CO Union Con....:, is
IPO Mexican ......... Ml oCO Yellow, Jauk-t.. 19
SCO Ophlr .¦.....;¦¦. 7^1 . , ..j
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange; yesterday: '•_•¦ . - - •¦
, ' ¦ . Morning ¦ Session. ¦
Board— • • '
2000 Bear Flas 1«
£00 California-Standard " ". 61 ;
500 Four Oil Co ;,6
200Kern!Otl 8 12^
1000 Lion Oil' Co 10
20O0 Lion OH Co.... 22
•500 Lion OH Co tl
500 Monarch of Arizona .54
150 Monte Crlsto 2 32*4
250,Mcnte Crlsto 2 35
60C0 Petroleum Center, b 30.... ...;.... 1»
li>00 Reed Crude OH Co S3
200 Sterling 4 OH' Co 2 25»
jvc-js Street-jr jmglwa v i> li 'Wf*nE8ffia^l'JlWK J wll
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev Co....'. 11 75
- . Afternoon Session.
Board — - -
noo Four;. Oil Co 56
100 Home OH •'".".. 3 95
tOOO Independence ; '. 18
•100 Independence 13
lCOKerniOll 8 CO
SOCrt Maine State .....;.... .. 60
10OO Monarch of > Arizona. TTrr.TTtr^.... 54
S000 Petroleum : Center/ b 30 ./.. 14
5000 Petroleum Center,- :b 90 .........;....'. II."
•2000 Petroleum Center, s 30 ..13 .
1000 San' Joaquln O & D Co....... ........ 10 CO
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
PRODUCERS;- OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
. ' Board — ' ¦-¦¦¦-.¦'.
10PO California-Standard, b" 30 61
12.0Cfl California-Standard' 50
2C0 Home Oil 8 95
130 Kern OH .....:. '. 8 CO
3 Kern Oil :..'• 7 73
1900 L4on Oil Co, s 30 20
500 Lion Oil Co..... -.. 21
100 Monarch of Arizona .................. 56
2C03 Oil aty. Petroleum ..-. 23
4500 Oil City. Petroleum : .„
100 Petroleum Center 13
' 600 Reed Crude ....... 68
60 San Joaquln Oil & Dev .....;.;... 11 CO
250 Sterling Oil Co -. 2M
100 Sterling Oil Co, b 60 2 50
100 Sterling Oil Co... 2 25
ICO Sterling Oil Co 2 13
10O Sterling OH Co, b 60, 2 23
10O Sterling Oil Co.....; 2 10
100 Sterling Oil Co 2 05
100 Sterling Oil Co - 2 00 ¦
' 900 Superior 25'.
2CO Twenty-Klght , 1 55
500 West Lake, ¦ cash. .".. 18
2C0 Wolverine .."......'... 1 20
Afternoon Session.
Board — - , ¦ '
1000 California-Standard 48
•50 Home Oir. .:.... 3 95
lOOJHome OU.^s 30 3 35
'100 Junction ..'.........., 64
50 Kern OU Co. 7 S7^
100 Monarch of Arizona .'... 56
: 200 Occidental of W Vi.;...::....... M
2300 Oil tTIty Petroleum ...V.." 27
. 50 Peerless .;...............,. 5 00
15C0 Petroleum Center...: '..»^« ' 13
1200 Reed Crude Oil-Co .......'..>.?,...'. 57 .
100 Reed Crude Oil Co ...... ;..'-. \ S8
: £0 San Joaquln OH & Dev. b t>»..; 10 W .
. 60 San Joaquln: OH &'Dev:v.. 9 75
50 San'Joaquln Oil & Dev, b 60. 10 00
200 Senator .-.'...'..../...;..: 1 75
600 Sterling Oil Co ..............:....:.... 2 05.
;-B0 Sterling Ol! Co. b 30 2 05
MO Sterling Oil Co .-.-..:..' "2 02%
Bay C P C 5S.103U — lOceanlc S S ss.lOSma* 1 ,;
Cal-st Cab 6s..ll6^i — Om C R «s l»»i —
C C Water 5s.lO«Vsl«3:4 PacG Imp 4s. — IOOJ4
EL &p 6s..l»8bl">3"^ Pk & a R 6s.lO3"-— .
F&ClRy6s..U4 — Pk &.O.R 6s.— —
Geary-st R Ja. — — Powell-st R 6sl2O —
Haw C 5Vis....lOSli — : S E G' & R 5s !»5 —
Haw C 5s.....:iO4%lCJ' S F & SJV5s.m —
L;A R R 5a...ll2Hi — S,R of Cal 6s.ll) —
L A'L^Co 6s. — ;, — S P R of A 6s '
Do'frnU 6s.. - 101' O9C3)<. ...U2'i -
Do gntd 5s.. 10O — I>o (1910) .-.."Oltfi —
L A P R R5S.1C2 — S P-C 6s (1905,
Markt-ot C 6s. — 127. Series A) ... — ¦ 110^
Do 1st c 5s. .122 — ' - Do (SerlesBjUHil'l 1 *
NCNGRTs— 113H Do (1906) .... — U3H
N R of Cal 6S.113 - Do (1912)..... 122?; —
N R of Cal 6s.120%121% S P C 1st g 5slO6'i —
N.P C R R 68.1014 — • S P Br R 6s..U2H —
N P C R R 5s.lOS>i — S V Water 6«.113U —
N C R R SS..III _ s-V Water 4s.l03U104Vi
O G L & H Es.llO»i — Do' 3d mtg..l«2H —
°, ak ~Tr Co 6s.ll5%U6«i Stkn O & E 6slW -
Oak - W Co Ss.100 . 100U ..-.¦¦¦
\ WATER \STOCKS.
Contra CosU.."70«i 71»i| Spring VaUey. 93*4 03\
Marin County. 63% — • |
1 ='> GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent :1a & P...-_ 4 -Pac Lt Co..... - 4*
Equit Gas..... 3 3U Sac E G & R. 25 40 ,
Mut Elec'Lt.. — 814 S TO & K'.... 45«i 46
O G L & H...'. 50 — ean Francisco. 4^i 4H
Pac;Ga»Imp. — . 44Vi'Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FIrem"s-/Fund.l35 - — I ¦ . •
. . BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal ......70 l .77^|Lon P k A....145 -
Bank of Cal... — 410^ Mer Ex <liq)...16 —
Cal Safe Dep.,105%.— S F NaUonal. — 125
1st N of S F.. — 31254J
• SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1830 1300 Sav & Loan... — — '
Humboldt — •— ' Security ....'...275 —
Mutual ..;.:... 60 " — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 510 ' — *
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California-st... — U0 . O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st :..... 47*4 — Presidio .— M
Market-st . 69H — I .
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. — 83 iVigorit ....:... 2X 3U
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan?.., 7H 8»4 Kllauea 21% —
Haw Com 66 — Makawell 41 —
Honokaa .32 33. Onomea 2S«i 29^4
Hutch S P....— 22tf Paauhau 32 •
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 120 122 Oceanic S3 Co 52% 53
Cal Fruit Can. — ' 99 Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 100 — Pao C Bor Co.150 —
Mer:Ex Assn.105 — Par Paint Co.. 16 —
Morning Session.
Board — ' •
60 Alaska Packers' Ass'n..... 120 00
20 California Fruit Canners". ....... 98 00
60 California Safe Deposit........ 108 00
25 California Wine 'Ass'n.......;...... .100 00
10 Giant Powder Con......'. ".....:. S3 00
10 Giant Powder Con., b 30...:........ 83 00
5 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar, b 10 65 00
'4S0 Honokaa S Co....... ..". 32 00
10 Hutchinson < S P Co... ..22 73
60 Hutchinson S P Co 22 50
10 Hutchinaon S P Co 22 50
25 Hutchinson SP Co..... 22 37ft
75 Hutchinson 6 P Co t 22 25
35 Makawell ; ". 4125.
20 Oceanic B S Co 43 50
¦ 10 Oceanic S S Co... '..r.. ....... 50 00
¦ 15 Oceanic S S Co .:.. ....60 50
5 Oceanic S S Co..... ; ..5100
J30OO Oceanic S S bonds.:......... 102 50 "
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds ...103 75 '
: 20 Paauhau S P Co 32 00 .
140 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 45 50
1 S V Water......... 94 00
street— * m&MM|g>ii1wrj^
5 Bank of California 410 50 \
$4000 Los AngMes Ry 5s 112 53
¦ Afternoon Session.
Board—
S50 California Wine Ass'n......... 100 00
80 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 66 00
445 Honokaa 32 03
120 Hutchinson S P Co...... -22 00
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 21 50
~ 15 Makawell 41 25
.$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s. ;..... ..'... '..121 00
j: 10 Oceania S S Co.... 32 50
15 Oceanic S S Co....T....<........; 63 00 -•
15 Oceanic S S Co..;........ 63 25
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds;.:. ......:. .;.... '.102 75
$2000 Oceanic S S Co.....;. ....103 00
$1000 Oceanic S S Co..'.... ...:....M03 75
60 S F Gas & Electric Co..... 46 00
.25 8 V Water. ....\ 93 50
25 S V Water 93 87«
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid.Ask.l ' . Bld.Ask.
4s coup -...-..... 114 &115 4s coup (new).12s»il39
4s ; registered.. 113 lit •- 13s quar coup..lllV«lii
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY. , March 23—2 . p. m.
STOCK : AND ' BOND EXCHANGE.
- : Trading , on '¦ the morning session of the Bond
Exchange -was \ very fair. 'Hawaiian Commer
cial 'declined still ¦ further to ' J3> and Hutchln
son to , {22 23; ' Oceanic was higher' at $43 50@
51; and Spring Valley J-Water. Was flfmer at J3<
- In the afternoon Oceanic advanced to ~ $53 25
and. 1 Hawaiian**. to ; J6S.. . - ...,"....
" The . oil stocks were weak -in the mornln?
and 'most of. the leaders were some What lower.
Business was good, as usual. There was noth
ing new. In the' afternoon; .•
ft S '-¦')' FOR; MONDAY;. jlAUCH 23.
; Flour. fqr i 8lcs.T7rr?7.?13;Wool> bales?:;.:.. 2"?
..Wheats ctls:.:v:.".'-7,103iStra\y, , to»s."'.r..r. ' 57
, Barley.- 5 <nls . . .". .t; 6,86.1 • Hay.- , , tons . ...;. .-.- - -; sw
Corn.'tctls.;;.;..:. . • lO'Pelts,, iHlls. 1 ...... 2»V
Oats, i East; ttla.. .SCO; Hides.. No."....;.-. »u
- Rye, vctls. ......... : 950 Tallow, ctls...... 213
¦ Onions;; »ks. .;.... .52 Leather.'- rolls '.515
rotatocs.vsks...*.. 3,200. Eggs, ;doz:;:-~:.'.T' 29,970
*Braii.VBks.\;. '..:.. - 443 Ume,:bbls..':...j. , ¦ 1S2
; Middlings. ;sks:;\ 231 Wine/ gals.*;.;:.:. 1 71 soo
.Shorts; ..-sks. ,'.'....'• ..Ml •- ¦- . ¦ .- ¦--..: .¦
:.-.:¦¦¦. ¦-¦:'¦, ;^;oREGOKr,; •¦-. ¦'.'"¦';.
Potatoes.- sks...!. -vSJD| Buckwheat," 'sks..' 233
-Woolri bales...;..." - 3: ' ( "
. : ;,s / ;. - .:-'"¦'¦ ;• 'Nevada.' ¦ ¦ • : ¦
Potatoes, sks '4001 . "
Receipts : of. Produce.
.-Crushed,"- 6.05c; j Powdered. 6.65c; ¦ Candy Gran
ulated. -: E. 65c : ' Dry - Granulated. :. 5.55c ; . Con fec
tloners" •: A: •. 6.53c ; Magnolia "A.-- 6.15c ; •« Extra C, !
6.06c; 1 Golden \ C,'t 4.85c; ; barrels. ; . 10c <more; ¦ hair
barrels.i 25c ; more; 5 boxes,/ 50c s more; '60-lb ibag»,
10c t more.",:* No i orders \ taken ' for ; less j than ; 73
barrels : or } Its • equivalent." t Domlnos,'-; half-bar-'
rels^e.SCc;; boxes. 6.fi5c per;lb;- ¦" '¦¦*}. ,-.'. i.:
: COAL"— Wellington.; ,|3 ; per -^ ton; So^thfleld
Welllnirton.--*9:s Seattle.-". $7:- Bryant.-; $7; Coo*
Bay."' *5 50: ,Wa!lsend.'-*3;e Co-operative .Walls
erd. $:>:; Cumberland. .-$12 tn#bulk and $13 33 in
tacks : . Pennsylvania An t nracl'.e > Egg, % $14 : Can
neirJlO per: ton; Coke,' JlS'perton in bulk ! and
(17 * in \ sacks;'; : Rocky -. Mountain - descriptions ¦
(£'45 per, 2000 pounds and ;J$ -0 per ton." accord
ing; to -brand.* ;."'••• ¦¦ - .' - : - ¦ :¦- ~ ¦•.-:¦".--- ...
SUGAR— The .- Sugar .Refining ¦ Com
panyi quotes. 1 per lb.' ln.10C-lb.bags: . :
, : 'BAGS — Ran -Quentln '-- R<tr«, .... $.> 6S; '; Calojitta
Grain "{Bags.'; June and -, July, ; 7c : ': spot; : 6"4«7c :
local make, .',4c i less - than ' Cajcuttas; Wool
Bags'," 30@34c;r Fleece ;Twlne,-7H©Sc.'
General
PORK— Live ¦ Hogs. 180 ! lbs ; and i un-ler, fi%c;
180 - to > 223 : lbs, . CYtC : >? 223 .' and ¦. over. ' 6@GVic •
feeders, ;. dressed Hogs. ? S',i@D>4e.
j,AMTU-Snrlnp. ,10(ffll'"-p»r popnd
Previous prices rule for air descriptions.
BEEF— 7© fee tor Steers and '6gf7fec per lb for
cows. 5S[rij<iS5Syi!
'¦'¦• VEAL- I^arge, "S?c; small." 9c "per' lb.' ' '
MUTTON— Wethers, 8U<gK- ; ' Ewes; 838Vjc per
pound.- 1 . '¦;'' '¦'•'-¦' ' ¦ ''-. -
.-WtOU- Spring.- 19i»— Humboldt and 'Mendo
clno," 15@16c per. lb; Northern, free. 12«g:i3c: de
fective.- 10® lie: Middle..- County." free,- logilc';
do,"- defective, ; : 9«10c ; . Southern, 12 months, ¦ t$f
9c: - Southern. . free, < 7j months, 7@10c: do, 1 de
fective. : 7 months, :• 7@Sc: ' Oregon Valley, . finer
16!916c:. : do.' r > medium and coarse." 14Q; 15c; Ore-
Ron ; Eastern.- choice, j 12@14o; ¦ do.- fair to good.'
9'»Ml<-:,'Xev»»1a. lC«fl2c. Fall— Hnrabrtldt- and
Mendoclno.' ll l S12c;:. Middle. County and North
ern. M?9c: Fan\ Joaquln; , 7©8c; .
HOPS-13t:Cc per lb.
> San Francisco , Meat ¦¦¦¦Market ;
¦ HIDES ; AND SKINS-Culls and brands • sell
about , lV4c • under \ quotations. Heavy ; : : Salted
Steers. '. 9V4c; u medium. ; 8V4c; : : light."- Sc: : . Cow
H Idea -8HC, for: heavy -and Se : for ' light ;- Stags.'
6c: Salted Kip, 9c: Salted-Veal. 8c: Salted Calf
10c; " Dry Hides," 15'^c: Culls, 13c; Dry Kip, ; 16c ;
Dry Calf. :16c: Culls and Brands, 12JJ13c: Sheep
skins. - shearlings.- lo^Cac each; -short. Wool.' 30
&M0c each:'me<tlum. 5O!SC5c: long Wool. 75c@Jl
••arJu-' Horse Hides. . salt. »2 BO for large and
J2@2 25 for medium. JI@1 23 for small and 50o
for Colts; . Horse - Hides;' drv. -; si 75 • for : lar^e
$1 25 for,med!um,'$l for small and 50c for colts'.
Deerskins— Summerjor red ; skins, 35c;- fall or
medium : skins. .30c; winter or thin skins. 20c
Goatskins— Prime -• Angoras. ; 75c; large ' and
smooth.^ ;0c; niedlum. 35c. • *. , :. v ¦ K .¦
¦-. TALLOW— No.- 1 rendered, ,4«4c per lb; No
2, 1 3HS4cr grease,, 2@2tfc. • »v. .',' ,, ;.
LARD— Tierces. quoted, at 694e per lb for
compound > and 10c. for -•: pure: half-bm-rels,
pure, 10Uc;: 10-lb tins, 10%c ; • 5-lb tins, ¦; 10%c. ¦ -•
¦ COTTOLBNE— One half-barrel. 8Vic;' three
half -barrels. 8c ; one tierce. > 7%c ; . two tierces,
7*ic;,flve tierces, 7^0 per lb. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED : - ME ATS— Bacon, UMc per lb for
heavy, l2!gl2Vic ' for light medium. ; 13c for
light. 13% for extra light and 1S@15V»C for
supar-cured; ¦ Eastern" . sucar-cured Hams.
lHi@VSc; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess.
113 SO; -Family. - $12 SO; . prime mess Pork, flb&
15 60; extra clear, |22; Mess,' $1$; Smoked Beef
13c per pound. :,:'¦ . . . . '
There is no especial change In .thl situation;
Stocks are .moderate ; and. the" market ' Is firm,"
though the demand is' not over active. '
Provisions.
- NUTS— Chestnuts. - >S10c ' lb ¦" for Italian:
Walnutn. No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. » 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 8Hc: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 123>13c
for paper-shell. 9>?rUc for (irftshell: Peanuts, 50
«c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts., 13c: Filberts, 13c:
PecariF. il&lZc; Cocoanuts. J3 S0iff5. ... : -
¦HONEY— Comb.- 13%<gltc for bright and 12Hfl>
Uc for Usht amber; water white extracted. 7Hc;
light amber extracted,' «£67c;. dark, 6®6^c
per lb. •• itiWfiSiSBgj .
• BEESWAX— 24^28c per lb.
RAISINS— The Rafsln ¦ Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie; stand
ard, 10c; prime, 9c: unbleached Thompsons.' 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOHc.per lb; choice.
9hic: standard. S*ic: prime. 8c: unbleached Sul-
Janas, gq; Seedless. *60-lb boxes, 6%c; .4-crown,
ic;*3-crown. 6\kc; . 2-crown. 6c.^ -..'Pacific -brand.
2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. . 6Hc, " and 4-crown. 6',+c;
needed ¦ (Fresno prices), fancy. - 16-ounce. -7c: 12
ounce. ;6%c; choice, 16-ounce, 6%c;. 12-ounce,
8%c:' London Layers, 2-crown,-$l E0 per box; 3
crown.- $1 60;' Fancy: Clusters,. J2; . Dehcsa. J2 60;
Imperial.- $3. ".AIT prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California: ,, .- - - :
PRUNES-Santa Clara. 4 Blze3,;3c: 30-40s.'7c;
40-Ms, €Hc; 50-608. 4%c; 60-7Cs r -3\c 70-SOs. 3%c:
80-90s. 2^c : 90-lCOs. 2«4c ; 100- 120s. me ; rubies.
Me premium; Sonomas. He : :ind San Joa^ulns
M.c less than Santa Claras, except 100 end over,
which stand the game. >A»»MILII*luatgga»»Q£
t'KUITS— Apricots. 5©7c for Royals and %Vx®
lCc for Moorparks; Evaporated. Apples, 3V4@»c;
sun-dried. l«4@2%c; Peaches, S@3V4c for stand
ard. 5 4}?4Hc for choice ; and ¦ 6®6c - for • fancy:
Pears.- Jiff 7c: Plums, pitted, 4@5c: unpitted. 1©
lHc; Nectarines, 5@5',£c for red and 6^S6o for
.white.-: • ¦ -- . - . ,.- ,.-;- -; /¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ J ¦
. During ' the clean-up 'of r outside Prunes thus
far in , March there \ have been some large pur
chases, s notably ¦ one of (40 cars " and : one ; of 29
cars. . - As : previously ; mentioned, ¦ these outside
Prunes are now all cleaned up. '.The- associa
tion < la "' no w / said to . command . the situation,
and ; is ' reported . to > be meditating . an advance
in ihe.'Price: of ¦ 100s, 110s and : 120s. -as the«>e
sizes are. not plentiful. The' East reports
that sizes 60-60 and 60-70 are" also becoming
scarce : there, > so '; It would . appear 'that both
large and very small'Prunes are getting scarce
everywhere. - So the market Is not in bad
shape. ' after, all. -¦ -: ¦ V"
• CITRUS j FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 60c®|l 76;
Seedlings. : - — ; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25; Japan
ese Mandarins. Jl#l 50; - Lemons. 60c@Jl' for
common and $1 25(82 ' • for r, good . to choice ;
Grape. Fruit. 50c@$2; Mexican Limes, nominal;
California Limes, nominal:' Bananas, 75c®}2 23
per bunch: Pineapples, 75c8^ per dozen.
•Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— 50@75c per box for rommon iind $1
@1 75 for good to choice and $232 25 for fancy.
UKCIDL'OUS FRUITS-r-
Citrus fruits remain the same. Oranges and
Lemons ' are - in "¦• free • supply : and ' ; weak, while
Limes ' : continue scarce tand ! firm. -. Stocks ' of
Bananas ¦ continue limited and; Apples are. also
In • light supply and firm, ¦ with some : sales as
high as '-A2 25.- . . ¦¦-•/ ¦¦•¦
Fourteen cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: v Fancy ' Navels, * Jl@l 60; ; choice "•¦ do,
75c(S $1 20 ; t standard do, SSSSOc ; Lemons, . (0c@
$1 35.- >:.::¦-¦:¦¦> ¦¦ ¦- :.-.'.,¦ .-, .-¦•... . ¦ -
' One-half cheit ; Strawberries -came In from
Redwood ' City, ¦ selling at }\@\ 60 per drawer. 1
Deciduous ; and Citrus Fruits.
:¦ Creamefry— Extras, 16%c;' firsts, U]~c; seconds,
I4C. :,-¦,/: ¦¦''¦._¦¦¦ " ' ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ...'¦ ¦.'¦¦-'¦'
'. Dairy— Extras, 14Vic;,firsts, 13c;' seconds, ,12c;
•tore,'. lie.'- ¦-.... . , , , .-..?-¦¦ ;:;,>,
. Storage— Creamery , extras, ;" firsts, ;
seconds/ — — ; dairy extras, .
Pickle,'- — pec pound.
• Keg."— —\ per- pound. -»¦•.•. -.
; : CHEESE — Fancy. ¦ full ' cream, - 9e; .- choice.
8c;-« common. '; nominal; Young Americas, tV4c;
Eastern.' full cream. 1 15®lS4c per lb. .
EGGS ' ¦-¦•¦,-¦¦ ¦'¦• v--r-- ¦,--¦'¦-. -
-v California < Ranch — Selected .: White. - lltfe;
mixed colors, 12%c per dozen.
'California Gathered— Selected, 12%e; stand
ard, 12c; - seconds, . : ••. '
¦Fresh* Eastern— Fancy, - — ; ' standard, ¦'——;
seconds,-— 7—.'. .'...¦*-¦' ,
.* . Storage — California 'fancy; : standard.
- s Eastern fancy, ;¦ standard, — — ; sec
onds,* • '" -'- - .
i~ Eggs 'are 'steady.' -Arrivals are not excessive,*
the . demand for local * consumption V and : storage
is good ; and I stocks 1 are' comparatively I light. '
• Receipts : as reported by the Dairy Exchange
yere^^Sl.SOO pounds of Butter,: 1591 cases Eggs
15,175 pounds California Cheese and pounds
1. astern 'Cheese. , \ ~ ; • ¦
. Though the north continues 'to take more or
less i Butter, receipts: are "too;. .large '¦•.".' and -. as
stocks; are accumulating' another decline is an
nounced, t: Dairy, descriptions are especially} de
pressed. ':, Cheese 1 rules ; firm at" previous prices;
Butter/Cheese and Eggs
/;. A -j car '"of "Eastern - Poultry 'came ,' In. Local
receipts^ were % Insignificant.' There • was na\3i
inglnew lnlGame.'^"- ¦¦'LS--' .. i*." ",'.-. ¦ ¦'¦ -
" POULTRY— Live .Turkeys.^ 11® 12c Tor .: Gob
blers *' and i 12©14o '. f or ¦ Hens ; ; . Geese, fper pair,
II 50@2;V Goslings/! $2 50@3;'. Ducks.'. *4 60®6jfor
old* and > J8®9 60 * for young; ¦ Hens.X $5@« 60;
young Roosters, • J7@8 50 : . old - Roosters, s SS@5 50 ;
Fryers, z »6@6 60; 5 Broilers. ' S5®6 for large \ and
$3 50@4 50 for i. small; : Pigeons. $1 75@2 per
dozen for. old and $2 B0©3 for' Squabs.' ¦
t«. GAME-rGray . Geese. $3: ¦ Geese. $1©
1 25 ; i* Brant., Jl 60@l 75 for ¦ small • and « for
!arpe;iHonker«. •«3@4 50: Enarllsh Pnine. $J £0:
Jack ; Snipe,-' $1 60; Hare.. $1;,. Rabbits, U 25
@1 60 for Cottontail and 73ctf*l Jor Brush. -
Poultry and' Game.
OREGON.
'S- •'.-¦'. ¦'¦>. ". , WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA; March 25."— No change , In .wheat.
Blucstem,' E9c; club. 4 56yjc. '•
PORTLAND, ' • March ; 23. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 57c;. bluestem. - 69@60c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 25.— Clearings. 1673,
383; "balances, "$255,263." ¦ ¦'
Portland's -Business.
'.: LONDON. V March 25.— The offerings .at the
wool , auction ;- sales , to-day . '." numbered ' ' 13.745
bales.i The quality. was; good r and free buying
resulted. -South Australian -and West? Austra
lian; realised s good j rates. -American represen
tatives purchased " light' merinos . and;, cross
breds-freely.at rtop prices'.- The Continent waa
active: and < secured the -majority of locks and
pieces, several: lines of which were taken for
America.\. A good s supply of ' greasy .--' Cape of
Good Hope and Natal, sold readily, to the home
trade, the Continent and America., % ¦ ¦•¦ ¦
London i Wool Sales.
.'.WHEAT— Spot -No. '2 * red ' Western winter
steadr.v;6« ;Hd;, 'No... l Northern spring firm,
6v3&d: ; No.,-l California firm. 6s 34d. Fu
tures.' quiet ; ; May; 6s %d : July. 6» t Hd. *
CORN— Spot,-, nrm; .'American . mixed n«w.' 3s
10%d: do old, -. ia Mi, - Futures, quiet; May,
SaaOUdr July. 5 3s 9%d. ¦,-<"¦ , - '
The. Produce Exchancft will -b« closed on
Aprll'S- 6 and-8..-. •: .~J ¦ .
CLOSING.
LONDON. ; March j 2Sy;-Conseli, 85»i : sllVer.
27; 13-I8d ; | French' rentes'/ 10U- 42&c ; wheat ' car
goes ; on . passage. ; rather firmer ; ¦ Walla -. Wallal
SSs ! 9d ; : English ' country.' markets, generally . 6d
dearer; imports', of >¦, wheat- into United Ktng
dom,. S47.C00 -. qrs; ; do -Flour, 255.000 qrs; wheat
and - flour .'. on \ passage : to t United Kingdom,
2.760.COO" qrs;; do; Continent. 1.460.000 qrs. .
-LIVERPOOL, -March -25.— Wheat, firm; ¦ No.'
V standard ; California, 6s 3%d@«s 4d: . wheat > In
Paris, steady; -flour.' In -Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet. -•-. - :
COTTON— Uplands, -:4"iid.'- - .
Foreign Markets.
- NEW : YORK, ' March* 25.— The _ metal market
exhibited; a ; healthier general undertone; to
dayr,tTin " closed ~ firm 7 a t : *2r 73@26. whllei" at
London I the ; close*; was" steady at £114 ilOs'for.
spot s and * £112 ? 10s r : for futures. : There : were
practically.- no. other/ important price changes
to .the ; rest *of* the Mist ;¦ here,* copper 'ruling
nominally,- unchanged'. atb*17 for Lake , and
*16 62% ¦ for , casting, v Lead ¦; remains - dull - and
unchanged i at • $4 37H ,--'•: Spelter - continues^ - to
show a - weak ' undertone i without denoting any
change,- and I lead : remains dull and unchanged
at. ;M S7>4.\ while spelter . continues ' to show a
weak . undertone 'without • denoting any change
m values. - the i close , being . weak at $3 85® 3 90.
Domestic ¦ iron ¦ markets were active and nomi
nally easy, -.but, unchanged.- /" •<
''New} YorkMetaVMarUct.
, NEW - YORK, v March '¦¦' 25.— Liverpool 1 again
dropped > to-day •: ' 6@8 i '- points > In -^"Cotton '- J fu
tures • and' > a d; In "spot,", while' thereiwere^:pri
vate ; cables I calling j the^ litter Ud •'• lower i and
saying that * English ¦ spinners i were | holding | oft
for still, lower -prices," owing 'to the large Bom
bay movement ¦> and . heavy, receipts -.; in ~;4 this
country." . Our; market > responded with* a weak
opening- at - a 3 decline ;of > S@1S " points, ,; which
was soon ; increased. .The 'close : was steady - at
about ; the , lowest ; prices, i 12© 2S points net de-
New rYorki Cotton Market.
of k * grain r Saturday, ', March • 23. ai ij compiled i by
the t New i York * Produce '. Exchange.! \*% as £ fol
lows : n Wheat.-. 54. 714, COO - bushels ; decxeaae.v 410. .
000.' ,Corn.'522,S62,0C0 .bushels; Increase. -« 614,000.
Cats,: 11,033.000; bushels- -increase," 164,000.;- Bye,
1.118,000 bushels; decrease ' 80.000.~- Barley,'1,124,
000.bushels;'decrease, * 123.0CO. ". '-• ¦'•-¦¦ ¦'.."'•
: t .THE -iSA^.pANCISCaiC^L^iTUBSDAY,'; MRCH 26 V 1901.
STOCK MARKET;
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
.Foreign' Futures.
8
Chicago Grain Market.
atio:
>N
t I^ast 1 This j
jj« Hours] Season. I
! La«t
Season.
cnto
ajiciw:
idenc«
IS Ot
¦o.
is;
:po."
_ |
.. 0.56 I 43.17
... Trace a. 17
... Trace 17. IS
O.05 1S.34
o.oo io. ;s
0.OQ 5.3)
... «.W K.62
(t.M 14.10
0.09 9.08
i_
43.24
18.07
15.4S
K.OJ
7.09
;.si •
14.S4
S.6«
S.18 -
atio:
>N
t I^ast 1 This j
jj« Hours] Season. I
! La«t
Season.
cnto
ajiciw:
idenc«
IS Ot
¦o.
is;
:po."
_ |
.. 0.56 I 43.17
... Trace a. 17
... Trace 17. IS
O.05 1S.34
o.oo io. ;s
0.OQ 5.3)
... «.W K.62
(t.M 14.10
0.09 9.08
i_
43.24
18.07
15.4S
K.OJ
7.09
;.si •
14.S4
S.6«
S.18 -
WEDNESDAY ........March 27. at 11 A. 1L
. By order- of Mayor Phelan we will sell .
a, n- ' A LOT OF CIT Y HORSES.
Also Twenty Head of GOOD YOUNG HOIiSES.
All Horses guaranteed.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET..
INVESTMENTS— LOANS.
.Gilt'edce bonds, bearing 5 per cent Interest.
for sale; <f*«^pan9P*MpM*a^HiR9p<aa9|
Also dividend paying stocks In Industrial ccr-
Coast InvestmeDt Co.,
Room US Phelan nuildind,
« AN ' FRANCISCO. CAL.tude of a King's Minister.
• LONDON. March 23.— On the resumption
to-day of the hearing of the libel actions
brought against the Star and tho Morning
Leader by Arthur Chamberlain and his
son. Neville Chamberlain. In connection
with charges tearing on War Office con
tracts counsel for the defendants, contin
uing his address, declared Arthur Cham
berlain had only decided to sue as an
afterthought on consultation with Joseph
Chamberlain, when the latter found he
had no ground for action. Counsel found
justification for the articles in the man
ner in which orders were secured for th©
Arklow Works and the fact that the Kt
nochs secured Government orders when
their tenders were higher than others.
Counsel considered that it was a thou
sand times to be regretted. In the Interests
of honor, purity and public life, that Jo
seph Chamberlain's Parliamentary state
ment to the effect that he had no Interest,
direct of Indirect. In the contracting com
panies was not corrected. Joseph Cham
berlain should have been notified that his
Interest in the Birmingham trust involved
an interest in other companies.
Sir Edward Clarke, rising to reply In be
half of the plaintiffs, contended that tha
articles were purely and simply attacks
on Joseph Austin Chamberlain through
Arthur Chamberlain.
REBELS : MORE ACTIVE
:;?'. . . TN PAUAMA TERRITOBT
Government Has All It Can Attend
to in Preventing an Onslaught
on the City.
; KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 25.— The
British mail steamship Para, from Colon,
brings reports of renewed activity on the
part of the rebels in the vicinity of Pan
ama.- The hands of the Government ar©
full In their effort to keep the rebels out
of the city. Excessive war taxes are be
ing levied and last week a party of busi
ness men protested against these high
rates. They were thereupon arrested and
charged with being rebel sympathizers.
Two of the prisoners managed to leave
the country by steamer, but the others
were kept in prison until they had paid
the. heavy fines imposed against them.
Passengers by the steamship Para say
that the revolution shows no signs of end
ing in the near future. Business Is car
ried on in Colon and Panama with the
greatest difficulty and the enormous price
of foodstuffs is causing general suffering.
The Liberals are expecting large rein
forcements from the Costa Rican sympa
thizers.
CHICAGO NEWSPAPERS
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
Record "WiHJLbsorb Times-Herald la,
a Few Days and Unions Are
Notified.
CHICAGO. March 25.— The Times-Her
ald will be absorbed by the Record Im
mediately after the municipal election. on
April 2 next, If not before that date.
Whether .the consolidated newspaper* will
or will not take a hyphenated title la
problematical, but persons best informed
regarding the present Intentions of those
In Interest think the Record will not
change again Its already twice-changed
name. - - -. - - *
. The officers of two principal unions
whose members, are employes of tha
Times-Herald stated privately to-night
that they had been given a "tip" that the
consolidation Is Imminent. It is asserted
by insiders that when the merging hasr
been completed the Record will take up
its quarters in the Herald building, which
is "one of the most admirably equipped
newspaper establishments In th© country.
NEBRASKA'S DEADLOCK
HOLDS TIGHT AND PAST
Thirty Ballots Are Taken for. tha
Long-Term Sena torship, but' No
i f .\: r 4': Agreement Results.
LINCOLN/ Nebr.. March 25.— Thirty
ballots were taken in the long term' Sena
torial caucus . to-night without nomina
tion, and at 11 o'clock the caucus' ad
journed ' until to-morrow, night. The last
ballot resulted: Rosewater, 32; Meikls-
John, 16; Currle. 6; Howard Baldridge, 1.
On the tenth ballot Baldridge, who Is a
State Senator from Douglas County, re
ceived four votes. The prediction la
made "by a number of members to-night
that there will be no settlement of the
deadlock for either the long ' or short
term. T>~.. E. Thompson was expected fc>
make his greatest showing of strength
at to-day's joint session, ,but he still
lacked five of election. A resolution fix
iris Thursday next as the day for final
adjournment has passed both houses.
STUDENTS ABE KTLT/ED
BY RIOTERS IN KOREA
Trouble Between Missionary Scho
lastics and the Populace B«
. suits in Loss of Life.
* LONDON", March 28.— At Intschau. Ko
rea, collisions have occurred between the
people ' and missionary students, accord
ing to , the St. Petersburg correspondent
of the Dally Mall, and several students
have been killed or wounded. '
GAS EXPLOSION
CRUSHES MIRERS
Disaster Occurs in Pennsyl
vania Works Whin Pusa
Is Lighted.
Sixteen Men Await an Underground
Discharge and Are. Suddenly
Hurled in All Direc
tion3.£'.v;
COXNELLSVILLE. Pa., liarch J5-—
The first mine explosion to occur In th«
New Klondike region of Fayette County
happened to-day. One man was killed in
stantly, five will die and ten are burned
and crushed so terribly tha.t It Is doubt
ful if they will recover. The body of tho
dead 'man is missing, the injured men
have been brought to the Cottage State
Hospital, and as a result of the explosion
the mine Is on fire.
The cause of the explosion was an ac
cumulation of gas in the heading of tha
Gates mine, one of the new mines opened
up this winter by the American Steel and
Wire Company. The dead man Is an Ital
ian, whose name is unknown. The most
seriously injured men are Robert Nelson,
min© foreman: Gibson Moore of Dunbar.
David Ramsey cf Adelaide. James Wilson
of OHphant, James Murphy of 5ew Salem,
Michael Soloka, Alexander Bullayontls,
George Yonkers and Michael Goble of
Adelaide. . *
The Gates plant Is located Just across
the Monongahela River from Masontown.
When the explosion occurred at 9 o'clock
this forenoon a group of sixteen miners
had gathered In a cross entry about 600
feet from the bottom of the shaft and
fifty feet from the face, awaited the dis
charge of a blast. The charge of powder
was put into the blast as usual and
touched off by Michael Goble. the blaster.
In the meantime a pocket of gas had
accumulated at the face and gradually
drifted out toward the heading. The
same instant the fuse was touched off
there was a blinding flash which suddenly
filled the entry In which the miners had
taken refuge. There were two explosions.
The first was so terrific that it left the
men dazed and stiffened; then there was
another rush of air. bringing with It a
second puff of gas and then another ex
plosion, i
Strike Is Temporarily Off.
OAKLAND, March 25— The Buildlnj
Trades Council has called a halt ' In the
lumbermen's strike for sixty days,, pend
ing the result of effort* which .will be
be made to adjust the differences now ex:
is ting. WUfft^kS&Sim
PEESIDENT HADLEY : ¦•'
• VISITS TAMALPAIS
While, on Tour of Southern
Colifomia.
Will "Deliver Address ii Los Angeles
BERKELEY,- March 25.— President Ar
thur Twining Hadley of Yale University
and Mrs. Hadley, who have been the
guests of Professor and Mrs. Thomas 'R.'
Bacon of Bushnell place, left this morning
for a trip to Mount Tamal pals. To-night
they are at the home of William ; H.
Crocker in San Francisco. - • ;./,*.,.
President and Mrs. Hadley will visit
Stanford University to-morrow and then
will go to the southern part of the State.
In Los Angeles President Hadley will ad
dress a meeting of the Yale Alumni Asso
ciation. The trip East will be made by
the southern route. •- - v
Reception to a Presbyterian Divine.
The directors of the Ban Francisco
Theological Seminary j gave a reception
and banquet at the California Hotel last
night in honor of the Rev. Charles A.
Dickey. D. D., moderator of the General
Presbyterian Assembly, who ¦ is making
an official .visit to the Western • Coast-
About 125 of the leading Presbyterian
ministers and elders -of the city and
State were present, together with many
lady friends. The Rev. W. Martin, D.
D., president'of the board of directors of
the seminary, presided.
Robert Johnson's clear stand, opposite
the Merchants' drydock. at the foot of
Fpear street, was robbed again last night.
Three, men broke open the door with a
jimmy and gathered together everything
the little house contained. Three bundles
had been made and the burglars were Just
ready to leave when 8peclal Officer Fitz
corald appeared on the scene. »The men
dropped their bundles and ran* Fitzger
ald after them. The burglars finally es
caped among the lumber piles and Fitr
perald went back to stand guard over the
cl|?ar stand. This morning Jchnson dis
covered that 18 in cash had been stolen
from the till and J15 worth of cigars were
xniseing.
Another Cigar-Stand Bobbed.
Auk for Repairing of Mission Boad,
The Mission Road Improvement Club
ties filed a petition with the Board at Su
pervisors asking for an appropriation for
the permanent pavement of the Mission
road. The property owners fronting on
the road Matt that they have already paid
JSBOper front foot for widening and pav
ing It. and that owing to the heavy travel
It 1? 'n a dpyilorable condition.
EGYPTIANS ARE HELD BY
mMIGBANT INSPECTORS
ImmijrrEr.t Inspectors De la", Torre and
Enirelcke boarded the Belgian King- last
Sunday and found four Egyptian passen
pers— Joj-eph John Nemee, aged 31 year*;
Ilosie Nemee. 25 yeare; Anne Neniee. 35
years; Jfhn Xemee. aped 11 years, and an
infant hern at pea. a«-ed one month.
The family represented themselves as
"merchants." bound for the City of Mex
ico. They desired to remain in San Fran
risco for a week before starting for Mex
ico, but as all the money they could show
was !"¦''. and that sum being: insufficient
to take them to their destination, the in-
Fpectors decided to hold them, pending
Investigation. The immigrants have been
r>iace4 In the detention shed at the Mall
dock, pending investigation by Commls
eioner North.
DECLINED TO SHAKE
HAITDS WITH: rKTTT.EY
C. Grover, Government Clerk, Has a
Misunderstanding With a
Skip's Carpenter.
C. Grover, a clerk in the quartermas
ter's department of the army, was the
complaining witness in a battery case in
Judge CabaniFB 1 court yesterday. The de
fendant was James Keeley, a ship's car
penter.
The evidence fhowed that Grover was
pitting In the waiting room of the broad
fraugc depot at the ferry Sunday evening
•when Te<-ley in pasFinp. accidentally troa
on his foot. Feeley apologized and Qrover
remarked that It was "all right. Feeley
pondered over the matter and returned to
O rovr. offering his hand.
"There's no necessity for that." said
Grover. "I don't know you. It's all
rtrht."
••You refuse to shake hands with me?"
demanded Feeley. "Let me tell you I'm
en American citixen and. no dag-o. and as
pood a rr.an as you." And with that he
hauled off and struck Grover on the face.
Policeman Callahan waa close by and
placed Feeley under arrest, but not with
out a. struggle.
Keelev could not offer any eatlpfactory
defense and the Judge fined him $30. with
the alternative of thirty days In jail.
SUIT IS ORDERED
AGAINST DALTON
OAKLAND. March. 25.— William B.
Smith. ' foreman of- Chemical -En
gine Company No. 1, has received
at the hands of Secretary' of ' tha
Navy Long an appointment- ! as
chief clerk to Captain Leary. Governor of
the island of Guam. With the receipt of
the appointment, Mr. Smith haa been or
dered to depart on the transport BuforJ
on Monday, for his new post in the far
away island. . ¦
The appointee holds .under .the civil ser
vice law; and his.salar/is $1600 a year,
and subsistence. ¦ .. - ¦¦¦ ,* -
The selection of Mr. Smith was made
through the efforts of Congressman Metr
calf. The position is one of Importance,
as it involves all the business connected
with 'the administration of. the affairs on
the island. •- -.-.- ; ' » * . '
Superyisors Direct Action
to B« Brought to Re- :¦
covtr Fets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March' 25.
The Board of Supervisors" has' ordered
District Attorney Allen to bring suit . fcr
the recovery cf $7678 from County As-',
sessor Dalton on'amOunts alleged to have
been retained by the Assessor for com
missions on poll tax collections' and.- for
payments from the city, of Oakland for
copies of the assessment roll.
The questions In . controversy, covering
the right of the Assessor to compensation
In addition to the statutory salary of $4000
a year, are to be consolidated Into one
suit by direction of the Board of Super
visors. This action was taken to-day un
der a resolution offered by Supervisor
Talcott. The. District Attorney explained
that all of the law points which might be
contested on appeal to the Supreme Court
Could be embodied In one suit and -that
the entire controversy could be litigated
in that shape In the event an appeal
should be taken. Upon that showing. the
board directed the action to be brought.
There are three specifications Involved.
The first is the collection by the Assessor
in 1S99 of $1934 .from the City of Oakland
for duplicate copies of the assessment roll
for the city. It I s^also claimed that he
collected the year following $1976?for the
same work, and failed to pay the amounts
into the county. treasury, v The third item
covers the right of the Assessor .to acom
mlssion of 15 per cent on poll tax collec
tions of $12,268 jTor^ last year, the fee
amounting to 53769 95, which; the} resolu
tion also seta forth, was not paid Into the
county treasury. * ¦ . . •'¦ ¦ .
The suit will be prosecuted against the
Assessor and nis bondsmen, H. N. Dalton
and Frank N. Dalton.' ; .
The appointee Is 33 years of .age, a na-
Uve.,of Pennsylvania. -He -came, to. Oak
land when eight years, of age and was
educated in the public. schools of this, city.*
He was graduated from the California
College of Pharmacy ¦ eleven ¦ years • ago,
but was unable to pursue his chosen'pro
fession of chemist and druggist because of
ill health. Q ¦¦¦¦-.
Since Mr. Smith entered th« fir© depart
ment he studied law. and- has been ad
mitted to practice. In addition to these
accomplishments -he is of --affable dispo
sition and a wide circle of friends extend
ed congratulations .to hjm.on'hls new r ap
pointment. ¦ ''.. ¦ . • • : ' - • ' ¦ .
1 He' is a son of Mr. and. Mrs. J. H." Smith
of this city, and is a brother of Police
Judge Mortimer Smith. . : i-u . «
Mr. Smith's wife and daughter will, fol
low him to Guam as soon as arrangements
can be made for a home there.-.
W. B. Smith Appointed by Secretary; Long to
Position on Island Goyernor's iSaff .
After she had finished telling her story
on the witness stand and" had exhausted
her list of witnesses E. R. Lee, a colored
porter, .who was on the train. which
brought the plaintiff, to .this city, was
then called. Lee testified that Miss Tay
lor was in the first-class car assigned to
colored people when he saw her; that he
had never seen her In the baggage car,
and that when she *ot off the train at Sa.i
Antonio he accompanied her to a lodging
house, where 6he passed the night.
Before Lee had finished his story the
courtroom was practically empty. All of
the friends of the plaintiff simply waited
GOES TO GUAM AS CHIEF
CLERK TO CAPTAIN LEARY
she alleges that the ' employes of the
Southern Pacific. Company consigned her
and her belongings to a limited; apart
ment in a baggago car. Owing: to • the
lack of shelter from the elements she says
she caught a severe cold,' which confined
her to her bed,, when she finally found
one, for some time. .Her illness,, she
claims, was aggravated through wander
ing through the streets of San Antonio,
Tex., looking for a lODm In which 'to lodge,
the train having laid over at that place
to wait -'until the line, which had been
blockaded, was clear. ¦* =' - ' ' '
TNEBGETIC THIEVES STEAL
HXBR KRUEGER'S CANNON
They Carry Off Belie of Franco-Prus-
Eian War Weighing- Four
Hundred Founds.
Thouph there is always a fire in the
cooking range at the Ocean Beach Pa
vilion, hence tt Js always hot enough for
all culinary purposes, Proprietor Kruegex
ordered It chained to the floor yesterday
morning. This was to keep It from being
stolen. From an occurrence at the resort
Sunday afternoon his course Is a wise one.
Among the relics once prized by Pro
prietor Krueger was a bronte cannon,
weighing 400 pounds, which had seen ser
vice and -whose brazen sides had run red
with blood in the Franco-Prussian war.
Tht« cannon pointed out over the road,
and for years has rested at peace on its
trunnions out by the ocean.
Sunday afternoon some relic hunter or
prosaic junk dealer drove an express
wagon up near the cannon. They had
their coats off just to show that there
was no deception about the game and
that they had no derricks concealed in'
their sleeves. No one paid any attention
to them, and finally the express wagon
drove off. After it had been gone about
an hour Herr Krueger noticed that his
cannon had accompanied the wagon and
its occupants.
He was frantic for some time, but the
reaction finally brought calmness, and he
reported the theft to the police. While the
junkshops are being searched by some de
tectives others are vlsitinj? the pawn
shops. In the meantime Herr Krueger
wishes the public notified, and he requests
that he be immediately informed in event
try one Is seen who has a cannon tor
eaJe. or even bronze in bricks, gilded or
otherwise.
long enough in the courtroom to find out
that he was an unfavorable witness. Then
they adjourned" to the corridor to await
his exit; \
"What right, you .black man from Tex
as, got to, come here and tell anyfing but
de truf, insted of nufln' but detruf." .was
the challenge that greeted Lee when he
reached the corridor. .Then there was- a
mixup and Lee went under. Bailiff Troell
rushed to the corridor and ordered a
cessation of hostilities.
"Show you' star or keep out of dl3
trouble," ordered one' of Lee's assailants.
Then an elderly, gentleman of color, who
early in the morning picked his way. Into
court :\Uth.. a cane, occasionally stopping
to adjult his heavy black goggles, made
a rush mtthe bailiff. . He came to court
practically blind, but trouble gave sight
to his eyes. He was engaged In- swinging
rights at the rapidly swaying head of the
bailiff when Clerk 'Watson, In obedience
to Judge Hunt's command, came as a re
inforcement. Lee was rescued from • his
enemies, -who after. Watson's arrival on
the scene of -battle went home In a rush.
The case will be called again .this morn-
Ing. :¦¦ No further trouble is expected and
there, will be a couple of extra bailiffs on
hand. ' '
oa -¦ ' ¦.:¦¦ .,..,¦
DANGEB, TO AMERICAN
i INTERESTS IN KOREA
Minister Allen Informs the State De-
partment and Will Be Told to
Immediately Remonstrate.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— As a result
of the removal of McL«eavy Brown, the
Korean Director General of Customs, Mr.
Allen, American Minister at Seoul, cabled
to Secretary of State Hay to-day tha*.
American interests are In Jeopardy an 1
he had so informed the Emperor. Hs
added that great excitement prevailed.
Mr. Hay will approve the Minister's ac
tion'and will direct him to make a strong
remonstrance. *
Mr. Allen, in an official report to the
State Department, says that goods were
imported into Korea from the United
States in 1S9S, valued at $535,037, of which
the chief items were railroad material
and kerosene. The Seoul Chemulpo Rail
way, twenty-five miles in length, includ
in- an extensive bridge, were built ty
Americans for an American, James R.
Morse, at a cost of 51.500.000. : The mate
rials and equipment of this road are al
most entirely American. An overhead
trolley electric street railroad was built
by an American for a Korean company.
Americans own grold mines in the province
of Peng Yang, where forty Americans are
employed.
PROMINENT VETERAN
IS SUED FOB DIVOBCE
Former Commander Foss of the Na
tional Naval Association Is Named
as the Defendant.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 25.-J. F. R.
Foss, formerly commander of the National
Naval Veterans' Association, Is being
sued for divorce. The complaint of Mrs.
Foss Is lengthy and makes sensational
charges. She alleges that five years ago
Fors entered upon a course of tyrannical;
heartless and cruel ¦ conduct toward her,
¦which has continued until the present
time, and has resulted In the Impairment
of her health. She says that he deserted
her about October SO, 1SD0.
Mrs. Foss. in addition, charges that for
five years past her husband has treated
her with contempt and used toward her
In the presence of third parties such epi
thets as "liar," "lunatic" and "fool," and
that he has forgotten his marriage vow.
They have three children, the youngest of
whom is 19 years of age. . The case, which
has been suppressed by the influence of
parties concerned In the Minneapolis
newspapers, of which city Mr. and Mrs.
Foss have lone been residents, will be
heard next week.
NEVADA LEGISLATtJBB
MAY BE BECONVENED
Valid Policy Insurance Law Proves
Unpopular in the Silver ;
State.
CARSON, Nev., March 25. — Governor
Sadler is in receipt of a number of peti
tions requesting him to call a special ses
sion of the Legislature to repeal the
Hardesty insurance bill, known as the
valid policy law. The Governor Is in fa
vor of an extra session* providing the
members return with a promise. to right
the matter. Said he:
"I am in favor of some action that
would repeal this law or the passing of a
law that will give the people protection
against fire. As the law now stands, tho
insurance companies will not do business,
and it leaves the people In a bad plight.
The calling of a special session is a seri
ous question. How could I know that by
calling such session the asked-for relief
would be given? If a session were called
and no action taken In this matter the
people would have more cause for com
plaint than at present. Should the-legis
lative members that passed the valid pol
icy bill over my veto give absolute assur
ance that they would pass a bill repealing
the law I could give the . question serious
consideration. Without such positive in
formation there will be no extra session."
DUNHAM FOUND AGAIN;
THIS TIME IN KENTUCKY
Pineville Detectives Bellevs They
Have the Murderer, but San
Jose's Sheriff Doubts It.
PINEVILLE, Ky., March 2S.-A man
supposed to be J. C. Dunham, wanted at
Santa Clara, Cal., for the murder of aix
persons and for whose capture a big- re
ward has been offered, has been arrested
here by detectives. He denies that he i3
Dunham and declares he is from Hunts
ville, Tenn.
The man arrested to-day has been work
ing in a sawmill for some time. His ar
rest was made on Information from Cali
fornia to the effect that Dunham was
drifting this way. and a watch has been
kept for some weeks. The authorities at
Santa Clara have been communicated with
and "the suspect will be held until word is
received from there. •
SAN JOSE. March 25.— The Sheriff's of
fice has no information of the arrest of
the Dunham suspect at PInevllle, Ky.
Letters have been received from amateur
detectives In Kentucky from time to time
and circulars have been mailed them, but
the Sheriff has no reason to think Dun
bam has been arrested.
NEGRO WITNESSES AND THEIR
FRIENDS MIX IT IN THE CITY
HALL.
JUDGE HUNT tried a case- in -rag
time yesterday, but the litigants :
and their friends turned 'the tuno
of Justice into discord before it was
half finished. Darktown had an
inning in the court and as there was a
slight . disagreement, between the -op- .
ponents they adjourned to the corridor
of the City Hall in the afternoon and all
joined in the refrain, "Bring on you*
razors." ::¦'¦¦¦; .
, Eugenie Taylor was prosecuting her suit \
against the. Southern Pacific Company for 1
damages. Eugenie, who is young and •
very dark, avers that she started-' several 1
months ago from New York City en route
to San Francisco.. After getting her out
of her home town some hundreds of miles :
BLYTHE ESTATE
ACQUIRES LAND
Mrs. Sawyer Sells to It a
Small Frontage on
Geary Street.
Key Let Needed to Make an Almost
Complete Line and Finally
Close Brook
Street.
By a deed of record filed yesterday A.
A. Moore Sr., father-in-law cf Mrs". Flor
ence Blythe-IIincklcy-Moore, has secured
possession of a email piece of land on
Geary street which will give to what is
popularly known as the Blythe estate a
frontape en Geary street that will only
end at the building located on the south
east corner.
The consideration named In the deed Is
$50,000. By it Jeanne Lydie Sawyer, also
known a> Jeanne de Saint Marie, conveys
to A. A. Moore Sr. the lot of land thirty
feet cast of Brook street, with a frontage
of 20 feet 6 inches, a depth of 77 feet 6
inches and a 3-foot L,. for $50,000. Prac
tically this settles the controversy over
Brook ftrect and insures a frontage on
Geary street extending from the building
now in course of erection by the Mutual
Savings Bank up to the building com
monly known as the Blythe blocjt.
Contrary to the general understanding,
the land on which the so-called Blythe
building etands is not owned by the in
heritors and beneficiaries of the Blythe
estate. It Is owned by a man named Buch
and may be a valuable piece of property
if .any one wants to buy a large section
tor business building purposes. .
While A. A. Moore Sr. is the ostensible
purchaser of the Sawyer property, it is
generally understood in business circles
that he is merely acting for his daughter
in-law. A transfer of the property In or
der to Ftralehten out the title is looked
for any day. The figure at which the land
was purchased was approximately $2500 a
front foot, a value far in excess of that
usually obtained on that block of Geary
Ftreet. The lot was the key to the parti
tion of the property, and will probably re
fuH In the closing of Brook street within
& short time.
Minister of Justice Issues Reprimand
and Strong Disciplinary Measures
May Be Adopted to Stem
rH " " the Movement.
YOKOHAMA. March 6.— Japan is in a
whirl of excitement and perplexity over
the complications which have suddenly
and simultaneously arisen in her foreign
and domestic affairs. The attitude of Rus
sia in regard to Manchuria is announced
at the moment of a grave Cabinet crisis
over a question of taxation, while the
machinery of government is threatened
by one of the most extraordinary strikes
upon record, the Judges or the courts
throughout the empire threatening to
adopt that means to obtain an Increase in
their salaries.
The threatened strike among the Judges
has this to justify it, that the service,
based. upon the ancient economic system,
is wretchedly underpaid, and the" in
creased cost of living during the last ten
years has rendered it at last well nigh
Impossible to obtain competent men for
the Japanese bench. The course of the
recalcitrants is. however, stigmatized as
undignified, and as to its demoralizing ef
fect upon the empire there can be no
question. The Minister of Justice has is
sued a reprimand, and strong disciplinary
measures are Hinted at to stem the move
ment, but It has already resulted in se
rious delays and a perceptible blocking of
the machinery of government.
As a general result of these numerous
complications the business conditions
here have by no means Improved. Many
of the smaller banks are reported as on
the verge of bankruptcy, while the steady
depletion of the reserve of the Nippon
Ginko (tbe Bank of Japan) is viewed with
alarm.
Meu on the Bench Adopt
Most Remarkable Course
to Get Better Pay.
JAPAN'S JUDGES
THREATEN STRIKE
Passing of Yellowstone Park.
It Is said that the gfeysers which have mada
this - park famous ' are gradually decllnlne-
Thiit brings to mind the fact that decline - Is
the law of the world. Health Is the most pre
cious possession in the. world, and too treat
care cannot I be (riven to It. In the spring, ynt
should renew your strength, revitalise your
blood and - nerve* with th* best of ail medi
cines/ Hostetter's Stomach Bitter*. It *2so
cures stomach disorders.- Try It. - -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. ;-¦/•, : Monday, : March 25.' '•
"Btmr Aberdeen, * JenBen, O • hours from: San
Pedro. ¦ • . -i * • .¦ ¦ '/ ¦
¦ 7/£. S ATLED. '* ;-.:¦ .- , ... .
.-:.. <.".. ' '¦•¦ •'¦ Monday, March 25.^.
Stmr Coronado," Johnson,"- — . ., v *>
- - ' '";-.- DOMESTIC PORT. ..
PORT BLAKKLEY— Arrived March 2&-Schr
'Alcalde, " from ¦ San Pedro. ' ; ¦ , '
..... ... ... > . ..-. " ¦ * a . • * . - _ ¦ « - m
Courtroom for i Judge Melvin.
' OAKLAND,' March , ;•; 25.-^Quirters/> for
Judge Melvln's courtroom have been pro
vided- in "the south wing of -the Court
house, - the- necessary 'alterations . having
been authorized • by ; the \ Supervisors to
day.- 5 Judge, Melvin '.will sit . in ; the Super
visor's 'chambers '- on" Tuesdays. Wednes
days,"- Th ursdays \ and Fridays until the
new courtroom . is ; ready. /•„;. ......
Students Honor Dead Comrade.
OAKLAND, March 25.— Funeral services
were held to-day at the _B*lrst Methodist
Church over the late James Ferguson, the
student who was drowned at the Pied
mont -baths. - -The Rev. Paul M. Spencer
officiated. MubIc was - rendered by .the
church choir. The faculty . and students
of the Polytechnic | College attended In a
body. . The remains were sent to the home
of : Ferguson's parents at - Poplar, -, Tulare
County. / , ;¦.-¦•.'.;¦>:-,.
Bannister Makes -a Payment.
Sheriff - Lackmann *' reported to Judge
Graham yesterday morning that E. r>.
BannlSter had -partly compiled with the
order, of court and had turned over to ap
ply on the $500 judgment, held by L.Sls
senvlne a gold watch and "part of. the
$100 in.gold he had on hand." In view of
this good : Bhowlng - Judge Graham said
that -be 1 would continue the border of ¦ ex
amlnpion ¦ of the' Judgment debtor until
nextwrhursday. • ¦ \ ,' '
f HB DAY^S DEAD.
Joseph; Beck.
STOCKTON, March 23.— Joseph Beck, at
one time a popular conductor on the San
Franclsco-Sanfa Cruz narrow-gauge road,
died here to-day. • Tho body ; will be cre
mated at -Cypress 'Lawn Cemetery near
San Francisco. : '-pr' "
Charlotte Mary Yonge.
LONDON, .' March 25.7-Charlotte Mary
Yonge, the author, died yesterday in Win
chester. She was born August 11, 1823."
For the Municipal .Campaign.
The -Republicans of the new Thlrty-
ninth Assembly met at Flugger's
Hall, corner First and • Point Lobos ave
nues, last evening and perfected a tempo
rary - organization for the coming- cam
paign by electing John T. Williams chair
man and William A. McLaughlin secre
tary. The chair appointed Edward W
Brown, Henry Burfeind, John J. Cassldy,
Harry Hutaff, Frank Seely and Joseph A.
Andrews a" committee to report a plan -of
permanent - organization next Monday
evening. This district now comprises' the
Presidio Heights, Richmond and Sunset
precincts.
- . . . . • ... ¦ ¦ .
¦ . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'. . ¦ • ," ?*.. 1118 Broadway, March 25.- ;
Aged Mrs. Hannah J. Peterson sat'smil
ing vacantly at the Judge. In the Probate
Court to-day while friends and relatives
wrangled over the control of her person
and property. ; '
Mrs. Louis . Gottschall, .' wife of • th«
" former Public Administrator, was a peti
tioner for letters of guardianship, but- was
in ; the. embarrassing position- of p t being
compelled' In" order, to Justify; her, petition
to /certify, that Mrs/ Peterson ..is insane*
which would Invalidate, a quitclaim Meed
which. she. holds to half of the bld : lady's
property; in^ San Francisco; valued', at $15.
000. . ¦ : ••• '• '¦-. " ;
i Concerning this deed another petitioner
for letters -of guardianship. Professor
Frederick Schorchtz, submitted that It
was obtained under very questionable cir
cumstances.*.. His story .was /to the' effec.t
that Public Administrator/ Gotschall,
whose, wife is a niece of Mrs. Peterson,
had the latter declared Insane arid ' him-,
self appointed puardianln~18Si8, soon"? after,
the death of Mrs. Peterson's husband." In
1895 Gottschal! had I Mrs. • Peters6n\ re
stored, to competency,' and'within-forty
! eight ; hours after the decree * was issued
his erstwhile ward signed a quitclaim - re*
leasing 'him from.'all liability on account
of his guardianship. » . . . ..
Professor Schorchtz further states that
no account wasjflled by Gottschall as Mrs.
Peterson's guardian.- He claims that-'Mrs.
Peterson has never received a dollar from
her oatat< > .^^p'*SMPm@SJS^K!8BFBgay^e^p
Professor Schorchtz was an old friend of
Mrs. Peterson's husband and. was appoint
ed by Mr.' Peterson as trustee of an undi
vided half- of ; the property. -, . : .
The court i asked '-, the i professor why he
had not^collected half: the rents from -the
property, amounting ;to $80 a month," him
self. Schorchtz replied that,until- recently,
his suspicions had not been aroused,', but
that as soon as he discovered, that his old
friend's wiffc , was In destitute circum
stances . he f had -.begun the t present ' pro
ceedlngg.r.He said that, he had tried to In
duce Mrs.*: Gottschall to redeed the ; prop
ertyVto Mrs. ; Peterson, ? but that: she, had
refused to-do so , and I that '-she > had/; more
over,*-attempted:'to . f getr him', to surrender
his .trust *. so • that the property could ; be
turned-into cash. ' '. -, .*•; . •:,••.« . V ¦;
Since 1888, he said.* the rents -from? Mrs.
Peterson's estate had amounted to $12,000,
none > a f which ; has ; been accounted i f or." ~ u <
Judge " Hall; refused'^ to.' go • on \ with ,tlie
case until he had had 'time, to investigate
the cha rges on his own account,*, and con
tinued : the hearing for one week. ¦¦:¦<'?.
IM<' IIJlWMHIIlHHllll#l»ftWliU"'iillHfll in H .-- , >
Friend of Aged Incomper
Unt's Dead Husband Ac- :
cuses Her RelatiY«s. ; ¦
SAYS OLD WOMAN
IS BEING CHEATED
STORM SET AT "NAUGHT
THE LABOR OF MONTHS
The Bark Foltalloch, When Almost
Floated, Is Again Carried High
Up on the Beach. •'
SEATTLE, March 25.— For several
weeks an agent of the underwriters has
been engaged in what appeared to be a
successful attempt to . float the bark Pol
talloch, which was stranded on North
Spit, ' near the entrance to South Bend
Bay, early last winter. . An immense
mushroom anchor was planted In the Wil
lapa channel and connected with a huge
donkey engine on board. Two other large
anchors were planted seaward to hold the
vessel from going further up in the sands.
The first pull taken on the vessel moved
her sixty feet, and almost every day since
she has moved a little nearer to the chan
nel. It was necessary to drag her through
thousand for more than half a mile, but
off Thursday word, came that the pre
ceding day- she had made 800 "feet and was
almost in the channel and would be towed
up to South Bend on Friday. . : . . ¦
| On Thursday night there was a ¦ half
gale from the southwest," and as. she was
laboring heavily the captain ordered the
pea ward lines slackened to : ease her up
against the beach In shallower water. For
some reason the line was given' too much
slack, and Friday morning found . her
again high and dry on the beach ' and
months of labor and- thousands of dollars
gone for naughty, : .... /¦-. . - .
j The wrecking crew. deserted In a body
on Friday and came to this place to-night
on the mail steamer, .bringing ¦< the news
of the disaster . and , claiming that they
were literally starved on board the ves
sel. As to-night's tide will be a very
high one the vessel will probably go
higher than she has ever been' before. It
is . not yet known • whether another at
tempt will be made. to float her.
UTTBDEREB OF DEL VALLE
; RESTS IN POTTER'S FIELD
Ex-Convict Maurico , Pinero Dies at
;; the Santa Barbara County
r *'*\y^ .• p oor Farm." ' : V 'Y
SANTA BARBARA; March 25.:— Maurico
Pinero, murderer and ex-convict, was
burled to-day In the potter's field. His
death occurred at the County Hospital on
Saturday. Pinero was a Chilean by birth,
but came - to this : country in the early
eighties. Pinero got Into a quarrel with
Antonio del Valle at the Las Cruces stage
•station over a" game of . poker, . in which
$150 was at stake, and shot-Del Valle to
death. Del Valle was a Spanish gentle
man of considerable importance. •
For months Pinero was a fugitive In the
mountains and among friends. - He made
an attempt to return- to his native land,
but was finally captured, tried and.sen
tenced to a long term, in San Quentin. On
being released from there he returned and
made this county his home until age and
poverty sent him to the county farm.
"FORMER ¦ CITY ATTORNEY'S
BOOKS TO BE EXPERTED
Aberdeen Citizen Suffers Through the
Peculations of His Stenog
. ' " rapher.
ABERDEEN, Wash., March 25.— The
Council has passed a resolution which
gives the Mayor power, to appoint an ex
pert to examine . into- the accounts -,-' of
former City Attorney Cross. Alderman
Benn, chairman ¦ of ' the Finance Commit
tee, alleges that Cross owes. the city sev
eral hundred dollars which came Into his
hands from .street ¦ assessment taxes, and
which were not paid over to the City
Treasurer when Cross went out of office.
Cross has made a - statement, \ claiming
that he has been unable to make payment
because of an investigation he is making
into false entries made -by his stenogra
pher, who fled some; time ago, after hav
ing robbed his employer and several mer
chants. .•
As Cross la a prominent lawyer In this
section -.and; a. leader In church, circles,
the affair Is causing, a great deal of com
ment. iBggjpqsMCigiaBI
.-,:-' ¦ ¦ •¦ ' : — -#— .-
Clergyman's Assailant Pleads.
: NEW ). IORK, March 25.— Thomas G.
Barker, , who " shot - the Rev. John Keller
in " Arlington,' :N:< JV. several' weeks ago.
wounding him so: that -..the" sight of one
eye was destroyed, was arraigned in court
in this s city; to-day. . Barker pleaded . not
guilty to the charge of assault with Intent
to kill. . His ball was fixed at $4000, which
was furnished. : '•Z&tLVtetS&SiiMSfmt
PILOT KORTS AMONG
CUSTOMS . BREAKERS
Surveyor Spear Complains Against
. . Him for Obstructing and Abus
ing Inspector Meier.
Hans H. Meier, customs Inspector, made
complaint yesterday to Surveyor Spear
that Pilot Charles T.* Korts had Interfered
with him in' the discharge of his duty last
Sunday oh board the * British steamer
Saint Bede, fronvManllaV • -* ' " t
"Inspector Meier's stofy. is" that while* the
steamer was in midstream Dr. George C.
McDonald, a ; physician, said, to he under
contract, with the, British Consul tolook
after the health. of the officers and crews
of -British", vessels in 'port/ attempted' to
board the steamer." -Meier warned him not
to put his foot on deck, whereupon the
pilot insisted:- that the doctor should be
allowed tocome on board.. Meier says that
the pilot, abused and threatened him while
toe doctor, with a shiny silk, plug hat on.
w.as hanging on* to the ship's ladder. The
physician was not allowed to come up the
ladder, until the vessel reached the dock,
and then the pilot shook his fist under In
spector Meier's nose and defied him and
the Collector of the Port to do their worst.
Customs Surveyor Spear-, has "filed a
formal complaint against Kprts with Col
lector Stratton,: and It is expected that
within* a day or two "Korts'wlll find some
difficulty in piloting" himself out of the
way of the United States Marshal.
Western Kansas and Eastern
. Colorado Blizzard Stops
Traffic
Passengers Are "Detained at Many
Isolated Points by the Furious
Storm, but Are Not
;".-•.; Suffering 1 .
TOPEKA, Kans.. March • 25.— Western
Kansas and Eastern Colorado are In the
throes of a blizzard. Beginning Satur-.
day and continuing through Sunday and
Sunday night the worst snow storm of the
season visited that section.
The trains on the Rock Island have
been greatly delayed. Saturday's filer has
been stuck in the snow at Brewster, Colo..
for twenty-four hours and a number of
trains are being held at Good land, Kans.
The Chicago trains are being run over the
Union Pacific tracks from Umon Junc
tion, Colo., to Manhattan, Kan. North
ern lines of the Union Pacific and 'Bur
lington and -Missouri River are blocked
with snow. On account of the severity of
the storm yesterday, railroad men were
able to do but little toward Improving the
¦situation, but to-day the work is going on
satisfactorily, and by midnight the lines
will be cleared.
Trains Stopped by Snow.
OMAHA. Nebr., March' 25.— Special tele^
grams from Ogalalla. Nebr., at noon state
that tha four passenger trains which were
sidetracked at that place yesterday on
account of snowstorms in Western. Ne
braska are still held up by the drifts. The
passengers are being cared for and are
suffering- fbr nothing. . Two engines- with
snowplows and a rotary are stuck in a
cut half a mile west of Ogalalla, which Is
full of- drift snow. The snowstorm- has
somewhat abated, but the wind continues
to blow. The railroad people expect to
get the' tracks cleared and' • the trains
started this afternoon. President "Burt
and party, whose car is attached to an
eastbounrt train, are among the storm
bound unfortunates.
Five freight trains are still stalled \e&r
North Platte. Union Pacific people say
that this is by far the heaviest i snow of
the season. The passenger train which
left Omaha yesterday afternoon is still at
Long Pine. The train leaving Deadwood
this morning Is expected to get through
without hindrance.
The Burlington line to •• Billings was
opened this afternoon and trains are run
ning as usual.
The Rock Island train from Denver, to
avoid snow banks, has gone east' via pan
of 'the Kansas City line of the Union; Pa
cific, and St. Joseph. A train has been
made up at Falrbury to coma via Omaha
and run on to Chicago.
Buildings 'Are Swamped.
SHEBOTGAN, WIs., March 2S.— The Ice
in the river has loosened up and to-day
began its downward course. The water
rose about three or four feet and. the Ly
man flats, the Sheboygan Pea Canning
Company and American Folding Bed
Company are under water about four feet.
Two schooners and a steamer were car
ried into the lake, but with the assistance
of several tugs were brought back to their
moorings. The Ice at present la banked
against the Pennsylvania-avenue | bridge
and the water is steadily rising.
¦DENVER, March 25.— The storm which
raged In Colorado and Wyoming yester
day and last night has passed away and
under the bright 'sunshine the snow Is fast
disappearing. The weather has not been
cold and It is not believed that range stock
has Suffered much. Railroad traffic is still
very much delayed. . all .trains from the
Bast being reported from six to eight
hours late. Trains- from the West" are
also off time. The Chicago Commercial
Club, which was scheduled to arrive here
at 6 o'clock to-night,' will not arrive .until
to-morrow morning, btjlrtg* delayed by. tha
burning: of a bridge on the 'Rio Grande.
TRAINS STRIVE
AGAINST SNOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MARCH 26, 1 901 .
Testimony and' Make Tilings Warm;
• .¦¦¦¦ ' - £~'\' '¦•/}, " , ... * ...- t j -..¦¦" ...-•'"
Several People of His Color Take Exception to His
"BLACK MAN FROM TEXAS"
causes Trouble in court
ATTACKS ABE MADE
ON JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN"
Attorney in Case Against- the Secre
tary's Relative Deplores Atti-
9
¦ v-^ *
soap is not only the best
in all .the" world for toilet
and bath but also for shay-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sort*
of store* sell it, especially druggist*.THE SAiNFRANClSCO-CArLLi TUESDAY, MARCH 26,: 1901.
10
A— WANTED^....:. ........"•• i'-_"'^:
' Ranch teamster, near city. $32 50 and board;
4 milkers, , different places, $30: blacksmith.
.- repairing work. $2' to J2 50 a day; married
. farmer ¦ to - raise vesctablea . and chickens ;
driver for. milk wagon. $30 and found; driver
tor ' grocery wagon, $10 a week : German sa-
Jloon porter and wait, $»3 and found: shop
"r butcher and slaughterer.' near city. $30 to $3o
and found; boardins-house waiter. $25 and
found;- 4 farmers, $26 and found: farmer,
steady place. $20; cocks, waiters, dishwashers,
vegetable men and others. W. D. EW ER &
CO., 610, Clay st. ; . \ ... :
WANTED....... •'•
Bright Ht>oy for, our office. S3 ad a week and
Increase. W. P. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st. ¦
A— WANTED ". •••
Youth for our office; must be willing to clean
up; hours from » to C; $5 per week and in-
crease. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st.
BENCH hand, one who understands turning.
$3 60 per day, large mill, country; machinist
for same "mill; caaiy cook.- $40. free fare.
call early; 6 laborers. $1 75: 6 men for quarry.
$1 IS: 3 men to hoe hops, $1 25 per day: men
for farm work, $1 per day and board; 5 men
to girdle trees and cut brush, $20 per month;
gang of mill and woodsmen, woodchoppers,
tiemakers,' etc. : pickets, $6 per thousand;
posts. $3 per hundred. CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
63 Third tt.; phone Red 31. ¦
WANTED— Cook partner In restaurant. $75 per
month: $125 required. LUNDIN & CO.." 306
Market st. ¦ .
WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner to at-
tend cash counter, . $75 per month; $200 re-
qulred. LUXDIN fc CO.. 906 Market st.
MAN who understands nursery work and Job-
blng gardening. 500 Height st. -
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
BARBER wanted: flrst-claes, none other. 1145
Valencia st. ¦ • •
- _j _ , - ; : \ .- ¦.>_-.
BOY wanted to work In bakery. 8S1 Hayes st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; party wants
to leave city. 206 Leavenworth st. -
2-CKAIR barber shop for sale: rent $6; trial
given. Apply DECKELMAN BRO3.. 106 Ellis.
A GOOD-PAYING 2-chalr barber shop for sale.
cheap. 200 Powell st. " *
TAILORS wanted by S. N. "WOOD & CO.;
good wages. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
BARBERS— 3-ch£lr shop for sale cheap. 1124
Polk at.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— Trustworthy man In wlnehouse for
tending bar; state nationality. Box 2575. Call.
WANTED — Carriage painter; young anan with
experience. 933 Brannan st.. near Ninth.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving- two years;
. mailed free. We have no Be shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Cay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age.
-Apply at HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all invited to- call and see the latest
improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters, 723 Market St., first floor up.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d tta.
$75— PARTNER In restaurant, $30 month and
board; no experience necessary. 496 Fourth.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15-s and
2Cc. Boston House. 930 Howard st. .
, 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; in Peta-
! . luma. Address D. WHITE. Petaluma, Cal.
; MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used In this college. ; '.', .-•
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 1000 men to try best 10c & 15c meals
In city. 410 Kearny st. The Maine Restaurant.
WANTED — Experienced ladles* tailor; perma-
nent; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH, office for Call advertisements tma
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st. ¦ • ¦ ¦
HORsEg'ASP WAGOXS..
A CONSIGNMENT from Hon. M. Biggs Jr..
. Orovllle. ot driving, work and saddle horses;
also well-broke polo pony. At FRED H.
CHASE A CQ.'S, 17J2 Market st.
40 . HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts. Harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN.* DOYLE. Auctioneers.
2 HORSES, harness, 2 . buggies, a camping
wagon and a cart for sale. 1 Camp st., off '
• Guerrero. . ¦ ,
GLOBE 1 Horse Market— Horses for sale; also
matched teams. 38 Twelfth st.
VICTORIA, slx-seater, ' wagonette, phaeton:
good conditldn; best makers: also basement
/ with 40 stalls to let. 24 Golden Gate ave.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue hy applying to
M.j L. Pancoast. sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies/ surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No 1 express wagon, single, also light
ramping wagon, for sale cheap. 332 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^pmN^ni^rL7&r^Ho^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN/t CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1220 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
yard; $37 50; water free.
$11— 6-ROOM house and bath.- Laurel ave., near
Turk and Buchanan sts.
$11 — 5- ROOM house and barn. Laurel ave., near
Turk and Buchanan st?.
HOUSES : TO LET— FURNISHED.
A — Sp-ROOMED furnished house for sale or to
lex;' newly furnished. 1006 Pine st. ' •
MODERN house elegantly furnished: 7 rooms,
bath. Call 1711 Webster St.. 10 to 12. ¦
HOUSES, FOR SALE.
MODERN house; 9 rooms, near Park; 2 car
lines; bargain; part cash; no agents. Owner.
box 2468. Call of flee..
: LOST AXD POUXD. ',
LOST— March 22. 1901, on Dupont St.. or Broad-
way, 1 fob guard: black ribbon with buckle
and stamp form with moss agate with lion's
head engraved. ¦ Finder please return to 1302
Stockton ' st. and will receive reward. Pro-
fessor C. A. GRIFFITH.
LOST— A pair pearl-handled opera-glasses, on
- Sutter St.; between Jones and 8 Leavenworth
- St.; Initials A.-M..H. Return to 121 Post st..
room A; reward... ¦
LOST— Dark gray overcoat, velvet collar; be-
tween Stanyan st. ard the Cliff House. Re-
turn to 701 Cole st.; reward.
LOST— Gray mare with harness on. weight 1300
lbs. Notify ISIS Virginia St.. Berkeley.
LOST— Wheel; In park. Return to 1760 Eddy
.'.". «t. ; reward. ¦-.- . • , ,
LOST— Grip containing catalogues; from buggy
near Geary st. and Grant ave. P.etum to A.
L. FISH. 14 First s t.; receive reward of $3.
LOST— Diamond scarfpln". crescent shape: lost
between Howard and Steuart sts. and Tanfo-
ran racetrack. . Return to NE. - cor. Howard
and Steuart sts.; suitable reward.
•Wanted — Old gold for 'manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler.' 24S O* Parrel!.' bet. Powell and Mason!
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MEDICAL.
DRAND MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market, ladles 7
r specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
•ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
..'-treatment superior. to any other: positive cure
• guaranteed afofflce; patients treated can re-
turn same Cay; those wishing to treat them-
. selves should send for the Hindoo Jlerb Home
Treatment; harmless; consultation free.
MRS."DR. WYETH. reliable specialist- 25 yr» ;
• successful, practice: guaranteed treatment a"t
office; any aliment: home. before and durinr
confinement. 942 Pott, bet. Hyde and Larklhf
DRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market-Private home
for patients before and during confinement *
; well known;- implicit confidence; reliable.
! ALL 'female-' complaints relieved -at 'once- n
perience of 87 yrs. Dr. V. Popper. 823 Kearny.
ER;and MRS.. KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason
-. and '.Taylor, ladles' specialists. "
MRS. D. "ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market at
bet. Taylor and Mason; ladles' spVcUlfst.
[HELP ;WAXTED-^.FEMALE— Con. ._ <
WANTED— The> employing public /to v call at
:-_ 1073% Market : St.; Pacific Coast ', Employment
. • Agency,*^ for i reliable help. - Do you want a
j* good servant, cook; chambermaid, nurse, gov- I
¦ erness, amanuensis, housekeeper, maid, maid
of. all work, reader, coachman, gardener; farm
hand, special help? We will furnish you with
help. ¦Call to-day, register -yaur want. -We
! furnish reliable help; ring us up; tel. How- .
:- ard l$26;*caH or, write. 1073% Market. S. F.
MEN OR WOMEN .......;........... *. .'.
............ i Paid _Big< Commissions- ."..:........
UTICA CLEAlfSINO COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. . ;
GOQD sewer; also apprentice; paid while
learning. 203 Rose ave., between • Page and
Halght sts. •.._•'-;.
NEAT -girl for upstairs work and ' assist with
baby; wages $15. 2520 Green St.. between
Scott and Devlsadero. •¦ - v • >
GOOD finisher on custom vests; $12 a week.
'-622 Clay St.. room 16A. . . - - ; -:. v.
Girl | for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 514 Devlsadero st. ' .
WANTED— Girl to assist in housework. 1014
. • Jackson st.. bet. , Mason . and ..Taylor.
WANTED — Girl for •; general housework. 21J
Hayes st. .
WANTED— Button sewers on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36U .'Fremont St.; apply
. t to Mr. ¦ Hlndshaw. •
WANTED—Operators on women's wrappers;
steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 > Market st. ¦-;
WANTED- Alteration hands In cloak and suit
department; state age, experience and salary
¦ expected. .Apply box 2661, Call offlce.-
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts. £33 Va-
. lencla ¦ st.
"WOMAN capable of managing and directing
employes; references. . Box 2356, Call office.
EXPERIENCED ¦* operator on underskirts;
¦ steam power; good pay. A.' Aaron, 573 Mission.
OPERATOR on waiters' coats; steady work.
Power factory, 636 Clay st., upstairs.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard, be-
.t ween Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery; will
pay highest wages. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED— First-class button hole maker on
coats. -135^4 Natoma; near New Montgomery.
WANTED— Girl to do general cleaning in a
restaurant.- 25 Taylor st. , ¦'•¦•
¦ _ HELP WANTED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 5848
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
634-636 Clay St..
WANTED— 7 A. M. TO-DAY.'
Free Fare....; ....:. Free Fare
fchlp... To-day ..Free
125 laborers, & P. R. R. Co.'s own work, for
section, ballasting, steel and other gangs, all
- parts of California, $1 75 to $2 25 day; 25
teamsters and laborers for Los Angeles, Santa
Barbara and Ventura divisions, $1 75 and $2
day; call early with blankets; new work.
6 Burleigh drillers, gold mine, $75 and found,
see boss here, fare paid; 4 rock drillers, $60:
5 miners, 1 $60;' 3 carpenters, rough work. $2 50
to $2 75 day: carpenter for .an institution,
some knowledge of boat work; $55 and found;
stenographer and assistant bookkeeper. $50:
$30 farm hands, $20 to $35; 16 milkers, $30 and
$35; 9 choremen and boys; boy to drive milk
wagon, city; 4 blacksmiths, dty and country:
cook,: waiters and dishwashers and 1500 other
positions* marked on our bulletin board*.
Come APd read them. MURRAY & READY,
-_ 634-Cgfr'qay st.
AT/C'll" HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..104 Geary st.
4 plasterers, country. $4 a day, see party
here; 6 milkers, different ranches, $26 and
$30; blacksmith, country, $40.
AT C. R. HANSEN &, CO.'S. 104 Geary st
........'.. RAILROAD WORK
WANTED
Muckers and drillers..... ....$2 to $2 50
Men to frame tunnel timber , $2 50
Teamsters. Ventura County $175
Gang of laborers. Surf :......$1 75
Gang of all-around railroad men, Ukiah....$2
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
10 milkers, different counties..... $26 and $30
6 Swiss milkers $26 and $30
2 blacksmiths; country $40 and $45-
20 woodchoppers $1 50 a cord
Man and wife; small ranch !......$30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chefs, second cooks, broilers and fry cooks;
10 waiters, hotels and restaurants, - $25 to $40;
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25
and $30. -^.,
¦ Ironers; starchers and washers, country
laundries. $35 and $40; polishers.
Colored waiter, country hotel. $25.
. G/B. HAXSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED, at our Los Angeles office, labor-
ers ¦ and teamsters, ranch and dairy help and
J laboring men for all kinds of unskilled labor;
I wages from $1 75 to $2 25 a day on all kinds
j -^>f construction and railroad work. Apply to
\^C R. HANSEN & CO., 123& W. Second St.,
| Los Angeles, Cal. . . ... - ....,„..-
BENCH hand and wood turner. $3 60 day: ma-
chinist for mill. $3 day; blacksmith and wood,
worker . for company, $30 and found ; black-
smith, $2 50 day; carpenter for ranch, $30 and
found; miner, $2 day and board; blacksmith's
, helper • on ¦ carriage work, $2 to $2 25 day;
quarryman, see boss in city. Apply to J.
' F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
UROILER, $60; fry cook, $50; restaurant cook.
$55; second cook. $40; German waiter .and
barkeeper. $45: night waiter, $10 week; pot-
washer. $25: hotel waiters. $25. and " others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
I Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— A rellalUe and competent traveling
• salesman, thoroughly experienced with the
liquor business; one with established trade
preferred ; all ' communications strictly con-
fidential. ¦ Address, stating experience, refer-
ences and where last employed and what ex-
tent of trade expect to control, box 2409, Calf.
WANTED— E.ipexl*«ced butter man for whole-
sale commission house; one with city and
country trade; state experience, salary ex-
. pected and last employer. Box 2410. Call.
WANTED for country, flrst-class cabinet-
maker and bench hand; capable of working
from drawings. • Call Pac. Pump A ¦ Wind-
mill Co., 575 Mission st. ¦
BARBER ;> splendid chance for good barber to
", buy - half-Interest In . good-paying shop; full
: particulars.' -'Address A. B. C, P. O. box
1973, Angels Camp. Csl. . :
WANTED— Large, strong boys. 522 Market St.,
- third floor. ' - ' , -
A FIRST-CLASS bushelman; steady and*
good wages. : ABE JACOBS. 1200 Market St.
WANTED— At 630 Market St., 3 discharged soM
dlers for clerical work. O. E. HOWE. -
WANTED— Young man to learn cigar making:
4 to 6 weeks required: steady work and good
pay when learned; tuition $25.' 247 Fifth st.
BOY WANTED. Stalls 2 and 3, Union Square
Market. . * ¦
COATMAKER on custom work. H. HILP, 106
Battery st. . . ¦
"WA NTED— A strong boy to learn a. trade. In-
: quire . 141-147 Fremont st. '
WANTBD-A i good, -sober • shoemaker: must
have a full set of tools. Address H. OLSEN.
Haywards, Cal. ' ;
MAN, ' with small capital; . In business e »tab-
, lished ! many years; short hours; no Sunday
; work. 7U3 r Market ; st. . ¦> ' ' .
WANTED— 2 flrst-class instrument finishers.
Ktller. Balance Mfg. Co., Salt Lake City.
.: Utah..- ,-.-.¦• ¦., .-:¦••-¦ ..--.- -. .-¦--¦ ;
EOY to learn the aluminum artificial' limb
{business. 819 Market st., room 6.
WANTED— Experienced laundry man capable
of. managing large laundry- - Address box
¦ 25S0, Call. ~ v. ; ¦ ...
WANTED— Young man to wait at table and
tend bar: small country hotel; wages $25 a
month. Box . 257S; : Call . office. .-, , •
WANTED— A first-class silver spinner. Apply
SIIREVE A CO.'S factory. 403 Market st.
WANTED— Bootblack; colored. 13i4 Turk st.
WANTED— A good chief o«ok for restaurant;
call early. ¦ 1550 Market "st. - f ¦
LUNCH waiter wanted at 223 Brannan st.
WANTED— Six good coatmakers; near guard- !
"chouse,. Presidio. WILKOWSKY.
WANTED— Grocery clerk;: young man with ex-
\ perlence. .' 1105 = Folsom St.- '_ . • :.
EXPERIENCED young man, age IS to 21. , to
take charge of 'cellar -of -crockery store: fef-
¦ erences.. 108 Sixth st.: call after 9-a. m:
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on custom coats. 927
Market stV. room- 721. ¦, .
WAITER wanted: carry trays. 1 do porter work;
-.--. half day. , half night: 37 Eddy st. . : y,
TWO painters. wanted at 67 Pierce st. for stage
at ; 1 : o'clock, ; Tuesday."^
BARBERS— 2-chair shop ¦ for . sale ¦ cheap; trial
.' given. '¦¦_ 509; Seventh * st. . .•
WANTED— Barber : . steady." ' 405 .Third st.
WANTED— Good wire .worker." 713 Mission st. '
McDONALD & PERRY •: have SOO pairs second-
;. hand shoes for sale. ; 5Cc up.'. 241 Third st.' -
GOOD pressers on vests;, good wages. 956 MIs-
.*slcn-*t; ¦'-.•*¦':-,'¦*¦ "/••¦." ' v '.:¦¦:¦:"..: ¦'•.'. , '¦
BOY^ wanted for , drug. store; -give age. Box
-.: 2579. j Call'; of flee. •...¦;¦--¦¦, ;
WANTED^-Tallors." BOWHAY. ; 518 ' Sutter • St.,
IMMEDIATELY— 2 1 experienced) solicitors ; , fair
¦ salary; must be of good address; for, Saturday
v - Evening : Post. " i9 Columbian building, j.
3IATRIM0MAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kill* st.
MATTRESSES .V\l> M'HOLVI'Klt Y.
itATTRESSES and upholstery: uL . South 792:
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. S1S-320 EIe*enfh at.
ailSCELLA-VEOtS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IN'TOSH & WOLPMAN*, 195-137 Fremont ut.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, couttera.
linoleum, new* and s4cond hand: we always
have a larga stock of saloon outfits on band:
33 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everythtn* in 21 hours. J.
¦NOOXAN", 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth : write fo<, catalogue. ¦
A NICE present for a gentleman, a solid gold
locket set with large genuine diamond in star
netting; actual value $40, for only $25. At
UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant ave.
200 LIGHT dynamo and engine directly con-
nected and In good- shape, cheap. H. -S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rent* gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. M6 Spear St.
For sale— 19 h. p. engine and boiler, rock
crusher and 600-gallon sprinkler. Apply Mount
Olivet Cemetery, near Colma.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITEP. EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A-15 AND 25 h. p. boiler; 8 h. p. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, 139 Bcale st. -.
A— 20-TON " How* wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st,
FOR sale— St. Bernard pup; winner ot first
prize. ' 613 Lombard at. ~
BLACK cocker spaniel pups; price reasonable.
43 Albion ave., near Fifteenth st.
GAS engine. 1 horsepower. $73. Seen runnln*
at shirt store. 5S5 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Billiard table In good condition.
Apply at 1551 Broadway. Oakland. .
Gasoline or distillate engines, new A 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 55 Bluxoma,
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-haml. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ani
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN* SAFE CO., 417-433 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sl^<w. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market st.. San Fraifr
MISCELLANEOUS WA.YTS.
AN aeloian orchestrelle; no objection to on»
slightly used: price not to exceed $1000 or un-
der; pay cash. Box 2:41. Call office.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles', gents* clothing. 154. Sth; tel. Folsom 252?.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
chinery wanted. 204 Mission St.. rear Main.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
.not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 3 and 10. 90tt Market st.
IF YOUR PP.OPERTY....
13 MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
<3O Market st. Loans on estates ts probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Inrepest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages an 3 securities. Rcom IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OLS|:N.
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, prlvat" place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, vis Market
St.; tel. Main 1544. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jone».
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watchel Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highesly price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
agc; reliable party. .1170 Market St.. room 83.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 op: no r j miv:|!;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy s*.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city. country. 8%, undi-
vided Ints. ; estates. HARPKR. 337 Parrott blsr.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan! THU
TOU3LEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
$1CO.OCC TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in,-
dorner. S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan b!g.
-MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost: closing out
our Northwest agertcles; following axe soma
of the pianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up $55)1 Schiller $265
1 Estey $33 1 Sommer $133
. 1 Emerson, up — $5511. Gabler $135
1 Vose *S3!l "Waverly J122
1 Knabe I1S5I1 Marshall WendeLJl*.-.
2 Steinways ..$1S3 up 1 Fisher, up $113
2 Heines $315 up 1 Mason & Hamlla.$-'>30
I Chlckerinss..$110 up 1 Schuman, up $io<»
1 Hallet A Davis. $463 1 Hazelton, square... $«'.
i Behr Bros*. $215. JC83 1 Miller $123
8 Schaetters $195!1 Kelso $135
And 50 others; rented and rent allowed If
purchased: rents $3 up; we handle all makes:
agents for some of the oldest and most fa-
mou« pianos In existence: agents wanted.
HEINE PLVNO CO.. 217 Geary sc
ANY person having: use- for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Ca's with
easiest paymeffts. lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from stelnway down. Priv-
ilege zlvea, to exchanse medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlraa
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash, and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner' Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
BIG stock medium and low priced new up-
rights; can be exchanged far Hazeltons .any
time within five years; all pianos warranted :
a flne upright nearly new, $123; squares from
$25 up; easy terms. At DEWIXG'S, 12 to it
Flood building. San Francisco.
UAP.Y GRANDS at a bargain.
Decker & Son and Packard, slightly osetJ.
. Such an opportunity la seldom offered Call
soon to get the benefit of. It THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
A FEW new pianos for $150: second-
hand from $30. BENJ. CURTAZ A SOX.
18 O'Farrell st. Chlckeirlng and Vose agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 17C6 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song— $6
per month— dirt cheap.
A S-PEI>AL upright piano: also furniture: sac-
rlfly: leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
BEAUTTFUL^new piano*. $133 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2206 Flllmore st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway.
Knabe and othera. BRUENN. 20S Post st.
EIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano:
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
oyer and othera Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, neat Hlbernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap:' brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. Tit McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman planes. 3CS Post.
AT KEEFFES. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninseragency.
SUPERIOR vlcllnn. zithers. ol<t and new. M.
MLLLER. maker, repairer. 8 Latham place.
A -WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pagea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A5D STORES TO LET.
FOR flne offices and stores calT at'l23~Mason
St.: rent reasonable; aiso a few rooma suit-
able for livins room?. .
TO Let— Small store, w.th living rooms. 21S2
Mission st. • - '
OIL.
«TTwi°,?? PH R'toPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL' EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL lands n«ar Oil City. $t r. per acre.. Amer^
lean Exploration Co.. 1412 Call building.
EMPLOYMENT jW.CVTKn—PEMALE."
SWEDISH; girl' wishes' upstairs work' and plain
;¦: sewing. -'.."Address 13C8 Kdtlsom st. . : •;•'..
GERMAN girl i as maid | and seamstress or light
• ; chamber s work ; and ; sewing ; no postals. . 102
•., South Park.; . ; .;-.¦; ':¦¦-'.¦.: ¦¦.-'.- '. ¦ . ; ' ; '. ¦:¦¦¦¦
GERMAN girl - as 'chambermaid or waitress;
'first-class references:' no -postals. 102 South
/-.Park...; ¦•-;•.: .; ,.-.- _.. ¦- /_.-,-.-. ;-, - , .."¦ - . ¦
FIRST-CLASS German cook; A fine references;
from New .York.' MRS. SMEJZER, : Ahlborn
House, 321 Grant nvr ' y '^pTife 1 >ir<«fBt' 1 T^iltftCT8B
A' : LADY desires 5 room ¦' mate: a" worker • on
. gentlemen's ; sewing preferred. Address '- M.,
:lO4l' Mission^ it:. ;..;¦. .j... v
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; • 25c to $1 60 per night; 51 50 to 16
week; convenient . and respectable; Iree 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ' ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce tor Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlom has been established at 109$
. Valencia tt.', ! '.-; ,. ." . . ¦>¦
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call;"' 16 pages, sent to any .; address In the
United States or Canada cne year for $1. .'
EMPLOVMEST WASTED— MALE.
YOUNG ¦ man, speaking ' German ; and English,
would like work of any kind;. country, pre-
ferred. Box 2413,' Ca!r office. . ¦:¦'•;' .-".•-
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
general of flee work ;. good at figures; city or
country: moderate salary. Box 2582, Call. ¦-?.
WANTED— By young man, position as collector
in or out oj city; salary or commission; well
¦acquainted with -city; bank references : and
bond: Installment house preferred.' Box 2411,
Call office. v . ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work of any kind;
email wages expected. Box 25J2. Call office.
ColcHMANor man about place - wants posi-
tion: -thoroughly ¦ understands • horses, cows,
chickens and garden; Eastern references; any
. city or country place on coa^t.' Box 2414, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a eobR young man in
electrical ¦ work or- apprentice.- Address L.
HOTENLOHER. 323 O'Farrell St.
A THOROUGH gardener (German) desires po-
sition: can furnish references from home and
abroad. 'Address B. R., ¦ box 2571, Call office.
FLORIST; ace 23. wishes position In store or
greenhouse; 5 years' experience In the East.
Address F. W. E.,' care of 265& Natoma Bt.
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
• gqod. steady, reliable roan is needed; 'ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good .milk-
er; willing to make himself : useful In any
capacity ; gcod references. . Address box 1454,
Call office.
MARKER and distributer wishes steady posi-
tion; best of references: Oakland preferred.
Box 2208, Call office, Oakland. •
COLORED, man and wife wish situations in
the country as cooks. , Box 2626. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
N*ubscrlptlonsKhas been established at 1036
Valencia St. , '. :•' • ,.-
FEATHEK PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary , process may address
FEATHER FACTORYf 244 Stevenson St.
FIJTAKCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS!!! '
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and. income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of gas, railroad and
industrial' corporations; money to loan; In-
vestments made; bank references; correspond-
ence solicited. -
, T. OTWAY SADLEIR, -
Room 40, 310 Pine st.",
San Francisco,
FLATS TO LET.
A^rT~sTxT^El?Tir^iear Mariw£f'rooiM
and bath; north! side; with pretty garden.
A — 30 DAYS free; clean 5-room; reduced to $8.
250-Tehama St.. near Third.
NEW flat of 5 rooms and. bath; rent $20. Cor.
Thirteenth and Woodward ave.
SCNNY bai'-wlndow flat of 3 rooms; rent $12 60.
1361 Sacramento st. • : — "
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms; rear of 115 Leaven-
worth Et ¦ _•
TO let — Sunny upper flat, four rooms and bath.
19 Julian ave.
7 SUNNY room flat, bath; all modern. Corner
ISth and Howard sts. ; rent $27 60.
$H — NEWLY renovated flat, of 8 rooms. 623
Minna at.- . *?• .'"***,.
$25— THIRD flat: sunny, <5 rooms, and bath.
4159 Twentieth St.. near Castro.
FLATS TO LET FDHXISHBD. »
A NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
corner Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.: rent rea-
sonable: references. ' l»04 Fifteenth' st.
SNAP— Elegant furniture of. sunny. upp«*r new
fiat, 6 rcoms, bath and gas fireplace; flne lo-
cation: rent $20; only used 3 months. C. D.
PARISH. 1C30 Market St. . .
FOR sal;— S-room : furniture cheap. ¦ 649 Sacra-'
mento st. .• \ ¦ '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S CO. . with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.;
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 6?4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse.. etc., see J. A.
• Munro & Co.- 240 Stockton ' st. : tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
10 receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
CIIAS. , LEVY buys your . furniture. • carpets,
pianos, etc.' 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761. .
A. WOLLPERt!; 773 Mission st, pays, highest
¦price for-aecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT V.
- 2 waitresses, springs ......:.. ...$20
Waitress, south .......$25. free fare
. Waitresi, railroad eating house.. $25, tree iare
Waitress, Woodland ;:..... ...'.... .i20
Waitress, Redwood City .$20
Waitress, Menlo Park .'. fL'O
10 Vkaltresses, city *........ ......."......$20
2 lunch v/aitresses. ' no Sunday work.: .:.... »<r;
2 waitresses, restaurant $X5
¦2 chambermaids/ city, same. place S15
; Chambermaid, city .....'. ...: ....$1S
i ? chambermaids to -wait — $sO
Masseur, springs '.. :.$25
2 restaurant cooks, city... $1 a day
2 scrubbers, institution and restaurant.... $20
¦-..-. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook. 2 in family, German style....... $33
German cook, small family '........$30.
Houeeglrl, Oakland :..$20
5'Eecond girls, city ".'.". ..$.'')
[-Cooks, housegirls, nurseglrls...'.. ..$10 to $3U
Infant's nurse i... $20
AT C.-jR.. HANSEN &. CO.'S. ...104 Geary st.
WANTED— Two ! cooks, Oakland,.. $30 and $40;
cook for delicatessen. ¦ country. $40; ¦ 4 cooks,
German style. $30; 6 Protestant ' second girls.
- $20!and $25; 8 waitresees for hotels, $20 and
$25; ¦ 3 'Waitresses, . restaurants, ' $6 and $7 a
j week; " lroner.- $40:- nurse, $25; ' 38 girls for
' housework; $20 and $25: and others. Apply to
' J. F. CROSETT, & CO.. 816 Sutter St.
MRS. M. E. DAY. & CO... ..'.Phone -Main: 1575
............ HOTEL .DEPARTMENT ...;;..
"Waitress. • $25,' : fare' paid ; ' 8 waitresses." coun-
try.' $20 and $22 50; 6 waitresses, city, $20 and
$7, week; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and
. country, . $20; woman . for ..house-cleaning,
springs, $25, fare paij; cleaner, institution,
$20 and found................*..............
... ... .\ . . . . FAMILY "DEPARTMENT
Cook. -Mill Valley, i25; house girl, Alameda,
$25; Berkeley, $20; 20 cooks, and "house- girls,
city, $12 -to . $30;- 4" second girls. $20; young
; upstafrs girl; $15. MRS.- M.-E. DAY & CO.,
335 Gearyst.'. -'.'. ...;
2" NEAT '¦ young ladles, who live at. home aa
salesladies; "¦¦ only., -.those wishing steady em-
ployment need apply; :$i a day. MRS. M. E.
DAY &¦ CO., 335; Geary .
FINISHERS on , custom . coats; * steady work;
. good , pay; , 106 r, Battery st. , ,
FIRST-CLASS skirt "hands. ; "FLAMM. 1435
Polk. Et. : . ¦-.'-.-•,. . .-¦ ¦ \ ¦ ...
GOOD sewers and' apprentices;, .paid ' while
' learning. .*, FLAMM..- 1435 Polk , 8t. .
¦YOUNG » woman : for * general . housework ' . and
i cooking; ;3: In family. :. Call at 243 Pierce et.;"
¦¦ Tuesday, - between j 10 a.*; m. e and , 12 • m.:
GIRJj for general housework: small family; no
¦ children.." 1456. Fulton St.; near. Baker. . ..-,. :' t
"WANTED — Good ± finishers • on coats; - steady
wcrk. , 40 Ellis St., - room 52.
TYPEWRITER and : office assistant ; | state ' age;
| experience and salary expected." Box 2554, Call.
YOUNG ; girl; for : light: housework,* family of 2;.
-no washing; $10.'. r 1126 Turk. ••- :y ¦••-;?.;
BUTTONHOLE makirs ; wages ; $10 : per * week.
I S56 . Mission st. • ' ¦ .. ; - '. ",
GIRL •" for t light : housekeeping , ami ' companion ;
family : of two: ¦: no • washing:. Apply, to-day,
; 10 to 2. '¦ at 574 San Pablo ave.; Oakland, v, ¦&-
WANTED— Elderly.- German; woman . fori I'ouse-
;work: no Iwarhing;- sleep home ;- wages $25 - a
. month." 7S2> Fulton Et. t . r : '¦'¦¦¦.
FINISHERS on coats wanted;? $10 a. week. 251
-Eighth st.. V Oakland. "¦. -
¦ ¦ " - • y- ¦ • ¦ . - ''¦-'-¦¦
nXSTNF.SS CHA>"CR^--rotiftiino^.
GOf^D pajlnc oM-establlshed lumber business;
'ncludlnif rawmi!I. -timber lands, 'yarde. lum-
II. &. V. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.' -
* \
OUTSIDE route en this paper for sale. Apply
Cali liusineks office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
'HOTEL dining-room to rent, furnished; cen-
' tml location; good house; rent in board. Ar-
lington llotrl. Ninth and Washington st*..
Oakland. Cal.
A CHANCE to §?cure that fine large store
now buildin* at 313 O'Farrell St., near Ma-
non. Apply J5 Grant ave.
WELL-ESTB. restaurant on a cross street; no
i reasonable offer refused. Box 2j«8, Call.
RESTAURANT for «v.le: doing good business;
rent chenp. t<d Howf.nJ ft., near. First.
I"IRST-CLASS taller business for sale at a
bargain. Box '6:3. Call office.
FOR rent-Hclel In San Miguel, Cal. : WM.
VON VOSg. 520 l.yon st. . ;-*• '
LARGE tnslde route on this . paper for sale.
Apply Business cfflee.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— *-ROOM flat: downtown: very sunny; must
sell; flne bargain. DECKER. KC0 Market st.
16 ROOMS: corner; fine for transient $1000
22-room house: clears $200 ICCo
10 rooms on Eddy St.. near Market r.00
14 room on Third st., near Market 550
14 rooms on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent tW; clears $150 .'. luOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 — 2U00,
27 rooms; just furnished: very fine 2800
T* rooms on v Geary st. : clears $135.. 1900
44 rooms: positively the beet: clears $300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
*5-room house: clears $SCO 6000
M-room boarding-house: clears $€00 5000
. R-rooni fiat; sunny side , 700
• 6-rooni flat; very, good 325
4 vp.cant houses to rent.
W0 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms price $100 to
J20.CCO; abstract furnished, free with every
houfie sold. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth: phone Mint 796.
attentiox^¥ellers!
LUt your hoilst-, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or business plac£ with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth: phone Mint 796.
A A
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
: 719 Market *t.. by Call bldg.; tel. Black 1S03.
i 10 rooms; transient; cak furniture, flne
tap^rtry carpets; «.ei>tral; rent $50 $700
; 14 rooms; on* floor; i>rick; nice: sunny.. 550
, 21 room?: snap: housekeeping; rent $40;
clears $35; on principal street.. 4C0
13 j^oms: rent $30: clears $40; leaving city;
I full: wool mattresaMs; oak furniture... 500
.14 rooms: fashionable boarding-house; in-
come 1275; sunny, ilcan and nice 1000
20 rooms; clean: el^sant; central; tran.. 1100
15 roonn?; Eee this house before buying.. 1000
42 rooms: a tine busiritts proposition; all
offices; clears $200 a month 3750
IS rooms: 2 houses of i> flats, furnished
for housekeeping; fine; steady roomers. 1200
65 roo:ns. flne corner; downtown; bargain. 3750
10 rooms; on Eutter. :icar big hotels; new
furniture: cost $14(X): very fine 1000
?4 rooms: S offices pay. all of the rent 1600
10 rooms; flne: Lsaveuworth st. ; rent t50. 650
18 rooms; money-maictr; steady roomers.. 900
Several city hotels; first and second class.
MRS. A. CAMERON & CO.. SiO Market st. and
& Stockton st.. rocm> 21. 22. 23; phone Bush
S2&. If you wish to buy or sell rooming-
houses or business chances call and see large
list of bargains. Partial list below: 33 rooms
—Ellis 6t.; rent $150; good permanent and
transient house; flne carpets, fuririture and
hair mattresses: price $3500; fine location. X
rooms— Golden Gate corner: rent $100; price
$16iO; apartment house; rooms light, sunny";
carpets and furniture good condition. 9 rooms
. —O'Farrell St.; rent $35; price $700: carpets
and furniture newrgood location: all rented.
14 rooms — Kifth-st. corner: rent $57 50: furni-
ture hard wood; pays $70 per month over
expenses. 16 rooms on Howard St.; rent $50;
clears $!0. S rooms on Folsom st. : rent $15;
price $r75. Public stenographer: inventories
and legal papers written at reasonable rates.
1 SEE OUR LIST OF 2C0 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
GO rooms, close In. elevator, etc -.....$4500
J2 rooms, new, TIean. clears $50 , 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition — • 1000
fO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. SOOO
II rooms, only $2C0 cash, balance pay- •
j ments 600
Vacant houses furnished
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
SELECT your house, iron, largest list in town.
; 9 rooms: elegant: snust sell $450
; II rooms: Golden Gate; cheap rent 4.'iO
20 rooms: newly furnished;- only 325
38 rooms; a big money-maker.... 300
i 116 rooms; a flne, modern hoifte; easy pay-
ments. Hundreds to choose from. Also board-
I ing-houses, l^e our special bargalrnist be-
j fore buying. Walter Hayes & Co.. S33 Market.
| SPECIAL BARGAINS
i 14 rooms; Jones st.; part cash $S50
20 rooms; rent $S0; only 1?r.O
i .'5 rooms: corner: rent $30 1119
i ?.6 rooms; rent $50 (lease) 1 1725
60 rooms: rent $100: central 2500
| WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
! LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
U tels. to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
' ' I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers- general satief action guaranteed. Call
I G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
j Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
I FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st. ; tel. Jessie ir.33.
4S rooms: north of Market; only $lGrti
V .J6 rooms;. Hyde: very finely furnished 600
v 20 rooms; rent $M; location desirable 900
v If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or south of Market st.
1 $S0O— LODGING-HOUSE; good location; chew*
! rent; good furniture; clear $75 month; make
offer today. Apply LUNDIN & CO., S0(
/ Market St.
j CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
I -we have them In any part of the city and at
pr« price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 25
j Sixth st. ;
1 J1700 — 4S ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
' all rented: low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy Bt.
i 1400— LODGIXG-HOUSK: north of Market St.;
| bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U Market.
I FOR sale— Rooming-house. 13 rooms. 597 Ellis
J «.; (no agents). •
FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nice
horn**: rent KZ. 1S11 Bush tt.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free teats, calling your name. th«
I name of the one you love and the name cf th<
I one you will marry; the only medium in th«
world so sure of his occult power that'.hf
will give every person who comes preparec
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
I stamps for answers. 13S2 Market st.. opp. 7th.
AFTER a ssvere illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, th«
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice ir
all affairs of life; lawnuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty: clr-
! cles Sun.. .Wed.,' Fri. eve.; letters answered.
I Resid. (no signs), 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings SI. 1164 O'Farrfll. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
I CIRCLE of spiritual aiiil phrenological tests a:
j Mine. Sanders' parlors, 1130 Market St., Thurs
I day evening, 25c; eveiy person gets a test.
I DR. Manrey. Eastern occult scientist and Hin-
I doo palmist; names given. 1 7th. cor. Market.
j MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle' to
I nisht. 6C5 McAllister :*t.. ICc: come, skeptics
| MRS. LESTER— Readings 50c; circles every evi
I ex. Sat., 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk
j MRS./ HARLANDS t:rcle to-night; article;
! reniS: 10c: prophetic readings. 50c. $1. .148 6th
; Mrs. Glll!nghan>. spiritual test meeting, S p. m;
, j 10c; sealed fjuest. 205 Larkln,' cor. McAllister
j W. G. KEEGAN hold* spiritual meeting everj
! night except Sat.; 10c. I« Sixth st.. 2d floor
: MEETING Tues. Wed.. 1238 Howard: Thurs.. II 1
¦ Larkln; lcwer hall. Hockin, Maxwell, Gray
'] C. V. MILLER'S ' seance to-night. S: Wed., l:
'j o'clock." Mother Sadie seani»e. • 10S4 Bush st
\ MRS. EBERHARDTS convincing tests to
j night, 50c; skeptics .3250 £2d st.'
! MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic Electrl<
1 | and Magnetic Healer. Room 14.305 Larkln st
! CLAIKVOVAXTS.
| MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the! well-known trane
¦ ! medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar
j kct Et.. corner ; Golden Gate" ave., rooms 2
,, "and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfactlo:
j guaranteed by mail: send stamp fori pam
. j i-hift with special terms. : Daily, and, Sunday
1 | MMli PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant • & can
' i reader, born with double veil— second sight
diagnoses disease with life reading; la<lt»>* 50c
gents $1: palm, and clair. Bit. $1 50., 12$ Turk
'. VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice oif al
1 affairs of life; business, love, mining, law
eults. 26>i Kearny, r. 6, 6; , hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7
; I ISMAR. the ¦ Egyptian iypsy. clairvoyant
I j palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. in. to 5 p. 1 m
' MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret oi
earth; readings . dally. '1130 ; Market 'St.
r MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c;.card reader
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth ut.. r. 14
i MME. 5CEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm
1st and card reader; . 25c up. ; 7 'Seventh st.\
• MME. SCHAFFER. 'clalrvovaht, card reader
sittings dally. 41S'£ Jessie St.. bet 5th and Ctb
CLAIKVOVAXTS — Contlnned.yv
MME. M. BERNARD~~
IHK';: THE FAMOUS
a'nd business medium.' permanent-
ly located IT Third st.. next Examiner. bldg.
Hhe reads your life correctly.' elves an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the preaent
happenings ami'. portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
liappy or not satisfied In life, or have dome«-
tic, love or business troubles,: : consult'. this
Kreat medium, ar.d you will, be told -how. to
overcome them. Valuableadvice in all affairs
of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. ARNDT. the. great clairvoyant.' tells
past and future; never. falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows pictured future hus-
band or wife; fees 23c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tlpa on j races. 215^ Sixth St.
MME LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
lest medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st;. cor 6th
MRS. MELVILL. well-known 1 clairvoyant. water
reader. IV 6th: German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, -card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 2^c. 1149 Mission/-
MME. RAVENNA' reads life, fluently; buslnf sii'
adv/cc; names given: 23c up. -5 Fourth st. \ ¦
CAIIPET BEATIXG AXD CLBAMSC,
WHEN you become disgusted • with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: 'tel. "South 40.;
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works.- G. II.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth Bt.; tel. t South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at sc.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. UITCHKLL, Carpet-Beating and Ren'o-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth ft.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.:
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 12»).
CHIROPODISTS. -
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
. blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECT1OX OFFICES.
GKORGR^yvTKiShLJrsl^ency^o charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 6 rooms;
all modern improvements, with large grounds
and stable: rent $20. S733 Bryant St., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. . : ¦ • •'
3 BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
l^arkin— Sunny cottage of 6 rooms; rent' $15. -
COUNTRY COTTAGES.
TO rent — Cottage and lots bearing fruit trees,
etc.; suitable for chickens or rabbitry; near
San Leandro car line; rent very reasonable
to right party; also furnished cottage at lien
Lomond. For further particulars Inquire at
¦ MISS PREDMORE'S. 1204 Webster St.. Qgkld.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcrM9~Ma£
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done- painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,'
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to J
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.', Manager.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful pecret. painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; filling*.
f.Oc: plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2§ Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like n«w; teeth
frcm |8 per set; extracting, 50c; gns given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 96J
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction; 50c. - \ .
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr:crowns;brldgework. Open Sundaysto 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearnj\ cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 813% Geary. nr.Larkin-Paln^
less extraction Z>0c;plates $5 up:phone PolklUS.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, S69 Mission St.. cor- 6th.
VAX VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates, DU. II. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. ":: .
IMIESSMAICERS AXI) SEA3ISTHESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
: Class rates;, patterns cut. ..1019 Market
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
• EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' BusineKS~CoTleger72n Market^ist!— Day
and evening; $S per month TJ30 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, . etc. : positions se-
cured tor graduates; catalogue.
j GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert P.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. ' 305 Larkin et.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,m!ning,mech.,sur-
vey, afsay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr.. City. Hall.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping __md the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners , business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.-, 220 Parrott bids;!/
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH.Spanlsh. etc. Prof. DeFllippe'BAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
PROF. MKRKI,' from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 100S Mission st. gfgfj
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, iff. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
" .EMPLOYMENT, OFFICES. ?v
JAPANESE Employment Office and": lVm«e-
cleaning Co.. best help; send •¦ men -at Wiort
notice. 1125 Sutter, nij Polk; tel. Lorkli^E391
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all Kinds;
cooks, waiters and 'house servants. GEO.
, AOKI & CO., 421 .Post St.: td. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
' ese help fur. S44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ,
ment; all kinds help. 1016 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. C13 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEITM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;. tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese "employment office—
Best help. £26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191. .
CHINESE and Japanese employment • office—
, Best help. 411". O'Farrell at.; -tel. East 420.
EMI'LO VME.VI' AV ANTED— FEMALE.
-— ™ — "*" — ~X* --~"~'— -v •" ¦».^'^«^.---...-i... <
COMPETENT German woman with a child de-
sires situation; good cook and housekeeper
reference; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
S23 Sutter. Et. ; ' .* ;
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girls desire
situations; 'best of references. " MISS CUL
LEN. 325 Sutter St." ' :
WANTED— By a well-recommended woman, s
few more offices and stores to clean.- Apph
¦ MRS. C. H., 348 JFIfthBt.. City.. .
A POSITION, as housekeeper;: thoroughly com-
petenr in all lines; prefer rooming-house
boarding-house or club.. 404 ; Turk St., room 22
YOUNG Protestant woman wishes 'light house
work; steady place wanted ;: references given
Please call .7S2 Harrison' st.,' near Fourth.
A* YOUNO girl for general housework " or sec-
, - ond work. Please call : at : 1885 ' O'Farrell " st
¦ . from ' 9 . o'clock. .
RESPECTABLE - German lady, good • cook
wlshen position as housekeeper, -city or coun-
try. Call 68-76 Ellis it., . room . 53, between ; :
'and 2 o'clock. \ " . ..: .
REFINED girl of 14 1 would: like = to take; car,
of child in nice/1iome In Alameda: references.
Call orl&ddress 1311 Railroad -ave. ;f Alameda.
COMPETENT, young i German ¦ woman - woulc
-: like to go out by. the day or;.week'asnurs«
. to Invalid. Addreas O— K.. . box 2572, Call. *
CAPABLE. woman work,- by the' day
washing or house. ' cleaning: ' good » references.
¦;Call or address A. N.: C2 .Tehama St.. ¦
EXPERIENCED lady wishes : a : situation -. at
chambermaid "or In; bakery as saleslady; ref-
erences given. Address box 1 2574, - Call office.
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
rCSIXEES OFFICE c. The San Frandsc3 '
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; cpen
until :2 r/clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-327 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; cpen until SCO p. m.
WO Hayes street :_ open until 9:3'.» p. ro. ,
CCJ iJcAIIister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
' (.Vj Larkia street: open until S:SO p. m.
3S<1 Mission street ; open until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. nt. ;
:C€ Eleventh rtre»t: cr>»n until » p. nt.
:(?« Valencia street: open until 3 p. m.
K«Tt tamest corner Twenty-eccotid and Ken- j
? nrfcv i-treets: nnfTt linttl » T>. ffi.
MEKTI.Xfi NOTICIIS. _
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, U. A. M., •
"•»;!! i=#rt THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- .JV,
ING. Marrh I«. at 7:30 o'c!«ok. M. M. l£_K
d^cre*. B> order of the H. P. *^r '
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Pecretary.
GOLDEN GATE I/idee No. 2». F. and *
A. M.— Called rnwtinr THIS <TCES- JV
IMT) HVENING. st 7:CU o'clock. D. K3f •
t. i:v order or \V. M. ¦^»»'» I
KUWIN L. METER. Secretary.
OniKVTAL I/x3e» No. 144. V. and A. m '.
M.-T'.iii-d degree THIS .TUESDAY) __\^
EVENING, at 7:30 ./clock. Master JZJgf .
StasBOS invited. f^ksr^ '
A. P. HUBBARD. Secretary-
Magnolia is-&ze :?. i. o. o. s &*_Xj&.
r— Initiation nr.d eloccton of rep- SjrPzZyOcZ
twentatives THIS (TCESDAT)
EVENING. Pl?a*e j.ttcn<3. '" v
. JO?. W. CHURCH, N. G.
EAVUEL rOLAClv. Bectettiy. • .
THK Packers". Portrrs" and Warehousemen's j
T'nion No. J*s.%, Anvrican Federation ot j
I^sbcr— The officers end members will please i
ipk* notice thst our regular meeting of .
FKIDAT I'VEMNG. Maivh 29. will he held 1
Ir. California HaH. Husii and Powell sts. ;
\il canrttdatps will api*Mr there for !n!tia- |
t;on. an<5 tlio^e wlxi <ie*=ire to .loin had bet- I
:er ilr> sr; &s the charter then closes and J
wj'.l cot f'^ after ttat «late. Hy order ,
A. •;. BAKEU, President. !
Attest: VrjXS* D.VF.NT'r.T. Kec. Sec. j
AGENTS WASTED. ;
¦ENERGETIC book oanva^sprs and solicitors j
'for erery city and cour.tr en the ccast: '
man'- r.««- books now ready: best terms ever I
offered. The J. HEWING CO.. Flood build-
ing. t=an Francisco. .
IAGENTP. attention'.— Cueen books ready: order
'at on.-c R. It. Pattrrson.' 429 Montgomery.
AOKXTS-SpII Jn.usehoM ne<-eFFitr for t\: cost .
r;i.r. C. JOHXPOS. I?? Tth rt.; hours 10 to 12.
KXPEB1EKCEP Inrurance agents. Ca!l at
toon in, 997 Market tt.. corner Sixth.
WANTED — AeotH In each city; rood money.
rafiff- Coy-t M. ¦* 1^. Co.'. f-0 Vth. Oakland.
ASFHALT131 ilOOPIXU. ;
J. PELTIKR. asphalt roofirg. sidewalks re- i
rn:r»d: twit!, lit* Misslor : tel. Folsom 160".
astrology]
Fcientific teacher of astrology: horoscopes conn-
rlete.-'Oc & $1. Mrs.Pr.gmlth.iOC'7',4 MarkeUr.li.
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
R. \V. KTNG. PC7 Market St.. 6th floor, room €27
collection's; dl case*; fair fees; no advance.
charges: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE fref : divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. IV.
HOWE, atty at law. £» Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. 5S2 Parrott bldg.
All VICE free: no charge unless successful. YV.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma £ preckels bldg.. 927 "Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
UOAUOIXCi KOK CHILDREN. »
GERMAN lady would like one or more children
to beard; a nice place and home; fresh milk
every day. Inquire corner Oregon and Mil-
¦ via ets.. Berkeley.
WANTED— 1 or 2 children to care for; best of {
ctjr; iarge tunny yard: terms reasonable. •
4(3 Elisabeth Ft., near Noe. ':'¦",
GERMAN lady would like children to board;
(rood home: room for parent. 439 Minna st.
HIM. "SO* CIIAXCES. :
A— J1KT0: CORNER grocery and bar. on Point
Lobos ave.; rent J4O: lease; living rooms; old
*>FtabIirhed and first-class paying business,
with large stock: rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. "C'-i Kearny st.
A— H0«: RESTAl'RANT: choicest location:
f\at-f to Palace Hotel: rent 530: cood paying (
business. Call R. G. VTILKE, 25^ Kearny st. I
A-rW: CORNER grocery and bar; rent $12; a !
fine business and <hoice location in the Mis- '
? ion: tnk-ndid show for man and wife. Call j
IT. O. WILKE. :6H: Kearny st. '
A RARE ohance— <*>ld established flower store j
with nurt^n'. including hothouses, boiler, j
horses, nagons. plants and trees of all de- !
•M.-ription; location heart of the city; *«tab- I
Itrhed S years; first-< lr-«. paying establish-
ment: Ieaae. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny. J
A— J300: RESTAURANT on Eansome st. ; rent !
IIS: good paying. R. G./Ti'ILKE. 26»± Kearny. j
A — JI.'.h : CORNER barroom on Third St.. close |
to Call bldg.; old established and first-class j
paying place: elckne«s of ov.-ner only cause \
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st. I
A— J63«; PLUMBING shop: established many I
years and doing a first-class paying business;
rent J22S0; location best; business street,
Vtmbexa Add. R. O. WILKE. 25V4 Kearny st.
A— SVtiG: CHOPHOUSE and restaurant on
Davie st. ; kept by present owner 7 years; a I
firyt-class paying busines. Call R. G. j
.TVILKE, CC'i Kearny st. j
j'ni. STATIONERY store: 2 living rooms; j
rent *10: srood !iusinf-ss for man and wife, j
_ Call R. C. WILKE. t&.j Kecrny <t.
4 DRUG STORE. ~ !
Daiiy Sale* Average J.j. j
Will ec 11 stock and store complete. i
Or will sell prescription books.
Fine fixtures and good will. '¦
Fi:uatf d in center of San Francisco. '
On the very best business corner.
Established many years. ¦
Thorough Investigation solicited. i
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by. Call bldg. j
LIQUOR store in the Western Addition, doing
a paying business; also flat of 8 rooms over
the store; flne furniture; price for all J25W1;
Mckneiis cause of selling. G. W. SCHWEIN-
HARD. 917 Market .;«., opposite Mason.
FOR atle— A fine business; tSOO cash income per
month; can be largely increased; out and in-
j1o< r business; will bear the closest lnvestlga- I
tion: price. S3G00: J1000 can remain on time I
t'» suit purchaser. Address or call at | 455
Seventh Pt.. opp. Broadway station, Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES, landowner.
,
NOTICE to OIL PROMOTERS.
A party with a good proposition wishes to
confer with first-class men in reference to
handling a large body of oil land: must be
iZone quickly. Address Tx)x 1519. Call offlce. '
, rmm i
:o:> CIGAR Ftands. 'J00 groceries and bars.
3d) candy end icecream stores. 500 restaurants.
P00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
l't'rtiFfi with ?100 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st. J
A-JGf-f); RESTAURANT; no better location in
the city; this Ik positively worth over $1000.
imt it must go immediately. Business Board
of Traile. C26 Pine st.; phone Davis S25.
TOR m!"— Country hotel and bar at railroad de-
fA. Alameda Co.; convenient to this city;
<-o»nj>leieIy furnished: all Al condition: Inves-
<isate th;g. H. H. CRANE. MS California St.
A— WINE ho«F.e: desirably located: old estab-
livbf-il retail and family trade: owner retires;
prlf? reasonable. .STENBERG CO.. 7i9 Markt.
A — GOOD re«taci-atrt comtjlete; good payer: In
Viianufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
_ ? xv - g ~MI-NT CO-. S3) Market tt.
f>* — PARTNER wanted; lijrht buxiness; tnu.i
»>e Fjtlffie.] with SIS to $ii a week; no experi-
>PCB:reqtt;rc4: trial siven. r; Gearjv rm. L'
FOR. tale— Shooting Kallerj"; well paying: "on
¦OCJCnt ar other business. Inquire Oil Pine
•-£". aft-^r 3 _y. m.
_^^ .
CHOICE ranter saloon: good location; paying
business. Apply, NB. cor. Seventh and Folbom.
MJOF.MAKERS phon: cheap: gcc.l loc«Uon~-
Ow-ap rtyt. 17C2',i Seventh tt., XV. Oakland.
CALOON for saie. ojiposite the ferry. Apply
_il l _!r*£L_ > ' t> ' north <jf Market.
MmtCIIANT XAllor biisineFS, well established
for tale cheap, l'.i Polk rt.
Jip*— FOR Hale— An o!d-es,iab!iEhed corner sa-
loon. UusL ?<:;, Call. office.
V.'A.'.'TA-'a'.oc.a '¦ men with littl<> capital to
r,p«-(i way 1k>u»* and pk-nlc rround on good lo-
cation. ParUoul.-.ri! at 464 Ninth rt., Ontland
CaL P. II. KELLEY. Real Estate Agent.
I.lUCr.V tr.e of the best: showing net
income tVM rnonthly; ftne location; long
JfCfo; U.vr fcT<A; rtnek and fitting strictly up
to flate. M. F. THOMPSON, box 24:i. Call.
for j»alc: notions, candy and groceries-
\-\se livtr.p rcon:s; rent $14. Call t32i Howard
rt. ; K'» ngent».
KAI.CiON. center groc-ery and general merchan-
4i*e: hcrre nnJ wagon: owner leaving coast.
i;o Hearst ave... Bunnyslde. Price $iO0.
EX7'P. A choic* corner for ttfnt for cash erccery
vtr-r* LAYMANCE. <C0 Eighth t,t,i Oakland.
. WASTED — Partner in dresemakin; with
rocinej-iesi-terjejice unnecessary. Box ISCO, Call.
WAN*Mith UC0 to Join advertiser to Vm-fc pla-
cer claltn at Co;e Nome. Box" ;:C3, CallCHEEKS V FOR THE SON" -
. OFaEDWARD; AT MALTA
Duke . and Duchsss '-; of ; Cornwall \ and
York Are by an En-' '
' ; thusiastic Populace/;
;MALTA,!March-25.— The steamer, Ophir,
bearing the Duke and : Duchess , of»Corn
wall and t York on*. their tour of s the: world,
arrived here s this " morning. ;» The warships
lri: the harbor: were manned 1 and < dressed."
The ; 'sun shone^ brightly -• and ? the ; crowds
were early I astir, : pouring ¦ into iValette a nd
lining* the : terraces ;. and :-. ramparts •.com
manding "&¦ -.views 06 the; ha rbor.Sf, The 'ap
proach % of J the iQphir iwas ; heralded < when~
she was: eighteen; miles ;distant ;byj salutes
from a flctllla'of ten ; torpedo-boats; which
wenti: out ito jmeet-; her. ¦-> She ' entered- "the
harbor, 1 amid J salvos 'of* artillery --from? St.'
Angelo, i th e * citadel.'^ forts and ; warships. ;
•; After - receiving * the /offlclals tthe "Duke
and -Duchess a landed ¦ and v drove i'to ; Porto
¦Reale | and ; thence ! to i the i palace. » The ¦ bal
conies ~i of -i all .the h houses; along: -'the .route
were 7 > decorated z -with :-, flags and ; bunting
and*, filled iwlth"; cheering, spectatora.^Tho
entire' dlstance^from-theHanding- place ito
t he > palace fcwas ;. brightly i decorated i with-
Venetian": masts • and i arches; t< The ; streets
through wriich; the Duke and -Duchess and
their party ;passed , were lined .with troops
and bluejackets-;. \ ; Y ; : \ • -
,- : ' ¦" ' ¦¦•-.\'-.- : "*''•". , '..*-. ¦¦•: ¦ :: ¦• .: ! -'
Jurors to Try.Warburton.
¦ : SAN; RAFAEL., March' 25.— A' special -ve-"
Hire for one' hundred jurors s wa8'IssuedUo
day ;by' Judge f Angellot tl '¦ f or t the itrial ? of
F. ! r>W.>JWarburton ; for ' the i killing f of • Matt
Reillyon January '.19."»- The trial is set;fpr
April 8/ . ¦•',;'• c -.aHMm^:'-''- :: '
General Cook Seriously 111.
DENVER, March' 25.— General George
\V7' Cook.of Denver is. dangerously ill of
catarrh Tof " the j stomach in : New ; York.
Mrs.' Cook left for that city: to-day in an
swer, to a telegram announcing his condi
tion, i General. Cook is very prominent in
G. ~ A. R. circles and is a pioneer of Colo
rado. :• ."-.v"' ¦*..-. > '¦-'- •: ¦ ';¦ .:,¦;-/'..-
Special Correspondence of The Call.
- HONOLULU, -March 17.— For* the past
few 'days I the -visit ¦ of ? the -¦ Mystic ? Shrine
pilgrims has shared < popular interest.-with
the session of-the'Legislature." Two nights
ago .Aloha Tejnple.f Ancient Arabic Order
of NobleVof jthe Mystic Shrine,- was insti
tuted 'by. r Actihg"Chief. Potentate! Lou -B.
Wihsor -of Grand Kaolds.'. Mich.. lafter a
picturesque -street* parade. - Nearly.! forty
local candidates held the rope: ..-* , •
To-morrow j evening 'i the initiation ban
quet \ will take, place. <i The ; following ¦ day
thirty-five ; of . the; Shriner party, will 'sail
for Hllo and the volcano. 'One evening of
this week a erand ball will be given in
honor \ of s the v visitors." -Yesterdays the
Shriners attended a fair at Kapiolani Ma
ternity-Home:- The former;Queen.¦Liliuo
kalani, presided at a booth and did a brisk
trade in supplying; autographs on ribbons.
1 Pursuant to the recommendation ;by the
Legislature, the photographs <if the politi
cal offenders against the old Hawaiian re
public and the Hawaiian Provisional Gov
ernment *; have -,¦ been "removed from the
rogues' gallery in; the. Territorial peniten
tiary. The, likenesses of some of the most
prominent v'- people of .the -community
adorned: the gallery and the removal will,
it is "thought, 'eradicate what little- harsh
feeling remains as the result of the former
political conflicts here, v
> Forty-five machinists employed at the
Honolulu .: Iron" Works - went, on a" strike
Saturday. The refusal of the. men caused
work In ; the machine department ; to close
down temporarily. The principal cause
of the strike was , the refusal of the pro
prietors of -the > iron works to recognize
Hawaiian • Lodge Noi '241,. International
Association Of Machinists. .The members
of the new' union' required that only its
members be employed.v Eight hours was
also- demanded .as a' regular day's work.
Wages do -not appear to enter,: into, the
demand of the ' strikers. ¦-. The proprietors
of . the iron works ' say ' that they will not
agree to hire only members of the union.
No agreement 1 could be reached, however,
so the strike. Is still in force. •' .-'•«*
"What is regarded as the most Important
measure which' will come before the Leg
islature was presented in the Senate Fri
day.March 15, when D. Kanuho of; the
native party presented the' dispensary bill
providing 1 for Government control of the
liquor .- traffic. 'The -bill differs somewhat
frorii the South Carolina measure. ..It is
not of such length and eliminates the con
stably or, spy system.. Officers are given
police authority and they alone are ex
pected to carry out the 'provisions of the
act. . » The • other details as laid ¦ down by
the - Soujth 1 Carolina; law are observed so
far as they relate to .the TJcu'ernment own
ing and ; controlling::, saloons, inspecting
I liquors, selling. in .bottles and not percnit
1 ting drinking , on the . premises 'wBere the
liquor is sold. - The; department is to-be
controlled by, a commission composed of
three 'men"-' and: an executive officer who
is to be appointed by the Legislature.; The
right is' given* to every election' precinct
to decide whether it will have dispensaries
established or not. The principal idea of
the bill is to reduce the price of liquor as
much as possible. . ' , . ..
A bill will be presented, to the House
this week : to prohibit persons afflicted
with leprosy or tuberculosis from being
admitted to the Territory. . Reports from
the Board of Health show that the latter
disease has increased in these islands at
an alarmlris.' rate -and .some stringent
measures, to restrict it must be 'taken: •'-,
I Recent -experiments'- with ' the wireless
telegraphy- seem to indicate that. a portion
of the systenrin these islands is working
satisfactorily.' Communication • Is claimed
to be established ; between ' the Islands of
Oahu,' Molokai and ' Maul . . and both . press
and commercial messages have been sent
through to the: various stations. .
•¦¦: At a sale of real estate on the»15th inst.
some.very high "prices" 'were- paid: 'Two
lots on , Fort and Hotel streets, two of j the
principaltbusine8s thoroughfares of,Hono
lulu,,were purchased at the rate of nearly
$7 a sauare foot each. >.
Legislature of the New Territory Is
Asked to Maks Importanta Begu
, lations Regarding- Liquor v ;
" Traffic.
Hawaii's Hospitable Folk
¦ Give; Visitors Great:
Entertainment
SHRINERS MERRY
IN THE ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;M AROH;^ 26^ 1901 .
11
9Q IH
(!¦ 111.
is the time
you leave
SAN FRANCISCO
for Chicagb
on the
California Limited
¦Pacific Coast. Steamship Co.
\- Steamers ~ leave ? - Broadway
Ih,. ¦.-_- • - wharf.- San Francisco: * , .
Hsfci£L V! 'V- " For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
r^^^ March 22, 27. April 1. Change
to comrany's steamers at Se-
E^£Sd^w^l For Victoria. Vancouver (B
WSMCjCgSSRl C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^EsBtflfl Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
•*¦ and.New Whatcom (Wash.)—
:TT^»ll:a.rn.. March S3.' 27. * April
1.. and . every ' fifth ; day thereafter.. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G.-'N. Ry. : at Seattle -or Tacoma to N. J*
Ry.;. at .Vancouver to C. P. Ry. .'- '
For; EUreka. Humboldt* Bay— 2 p. m.. March
24. 29, April 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
- For * San . Diego, stopping only at ¦ Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angelee and Redondo , CLoa An-
g el» s )_ steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Bosa. Sundays. $ a. w.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port'Harford (San Luis Oblspo). GayioU.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San - Pedro ' fLo» Angelea) and Newport—
Bteamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. ra.: steamer Bo-
nita, ' Tuesdays, 9 a. m. _ •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo.-Mazatlan. Altata. La Pat. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further, information obtain . company J
- The comDany reserves the ¦ rlrht to , change
steamers, salllns dates and hours" of salLnc
without previous notice. . • .
' TICKET OFFICE- 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
., ... iq Market st.. San Francisco.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.- .,- \^
TWENTY OR FORTY ACRES
—In — m
IvPm River District.
Oil or. all four adjoining forties. Land in this
fectton is held at 13000 p.n acre. . A <julck cash
buyer can obtain a great bargain by applying
to . . j. g. bwen,
123 California et.. room 4C7.
AT a frreat sacrifice, any part of €5 acre* of
oil land on the famous section 20. where the
Home Oi! Company's wells produce. RU-»
:^r.N STEIN & OLARIC. 22 Flood building.
PAIYTERS AXD DECORATOIl?.
WALL raper, window shades; rooms papered, li
up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth: open evenings.
R'XJMS r^pfrrd from SI up; city or country*
Hanman Paint Co.. SI? Sd ft.; tel.-Rcd 3ofl.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSElTLT^^I^nUflc^alrnifRtrilS
Taylor et.. bgt. Oeary and Post: tel. D'.ack 5a.
PATE.\TS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE -free; no charge unless success fuT
CEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
P13RSOXALS.
1IME. VALEEN'. the True Healer. "~™~"* w
• Cures all kinds of diseases & habits, such a*
tobacco, morphine, cocaine. liquor, etc; teach-
er of hypnotism & personal magnetism; tells
how to develop will power &. gain success'
•tamps for particulars. S15 Leavenworth st
Etoddards Celebrated Plaster*, a positive cure
lor ail ailments of the flesh, nerves or mu»-
. cle*. prepared and sold' only by MRS N
PTODDARD. main office Ui'7 Geary et nr
Franklin; 'phone East 223. Branch offlc-' 151J
Market, opp. Van Nes» ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
*~ lF L £ OU I h^ lr ls falling or you are bald. *all
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary sL. and you
vill not be disappointed: this remedy Is poM-
tlvely guaranteed; call or send for circular.
PAXTS. C- suits. $6 75. ORIGINAL MISFIT
. CLOTHING PAItLORS. 437 Monuomery it
A.-& B0 DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 73. Popu-
.lar Price Ilatters. S30 Kearny et. near Pine.
f". WEEKLY; eult» to order from genuine
Scotch. *16 up; fine dress suits, JM up; »le-
pant overcoats. 115 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTniC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third it., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to 11 50 per night; SI 60 to JS per -week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. K tx EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-I3I2 Stockton Bt.. near qroadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdreasing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessens or cl»ss. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market bet Pmk and Van Nen.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. Fl'XKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda,
JAM.ES' Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery St..
room 21; phone Bush IS9; charges reasonable
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience- J. B- RAY. S57 Jessie st.
"KIXGSLASD Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-claims art stores.
ALL kind? of bair.boo* fancy work to order
HORISHIMA & CO.. 24S Ellis; tel. Red 126S.
EPRLNG styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1C2I Market et, nr. Sixth.
¦
MA6QUERADE costumes, play books, wf&s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 753 Mkt.
SlTPERKLtTOCS hair and moles destroyed -with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Butter St.
ra LAMOTTES French Cora Paint, the best
com cure; JSc; all druggists.
ALFREDL'MS Egyptian Hennt: restores pray
hair to Its natural color; fl; at all druegists.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Vnltei States cr Canada one year for $L
PIIVSICIAXS AJV'D SCRGEOXS.
I.R. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lCIl'i Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
I'R. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
nEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ALL Genuine Bargains in This List.
ArrJy A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market et.
Ji4'<t— A cozy home; only half cash.
K35O— Two rplendid flats; rented $23; near
E;xth ct .-;.' . .
KZOb— Seven rooms, bath: Hyde st: bargain.
$2M>— Three rice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth end Mist-ion sts. ; pays 10 per cent
%l^vf> — Corner 40x30. with good l<>-room house:
Hvd- St.: cost J12.O00.
jrTit 1 — Pplendid Investment; near Van Xess
* *Ve. ; rents $S1; all rented.
$3500— Business property; Ninth st. near Mis-
cm; rents $43. - -
m.SOO— Leavenworth st; rents 1105; lot 65-
fcot front
JU.OOO-Three elegant flat*; rents 1150; ail
r»nted: half cash: must eelL
{••j. >•-.(. — Fine Jackson-st. residence. 14 rooms,
S baths; strictly modem: must Bell.
JH.O00— Three elegant Cats; rented lor $140;
swell locality. »?
ta.OXt— Suuer rt; grand corner; 87:1 front:
rente $155.
$2*.000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
ti.tr: rects tZJO.
I36.0GC— Mlssion-st. corner: 170x160; actually
vorth CS.000: must sell at once.
$40.000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:€xl37:6;
:••¦' f--: 1 ''.
$CS.O0O— Grand corner: 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays « per cent net
tT3,060-<;rand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoli: old improvements; rents J10O.
Other barfrains.
Apply A. M.-EPECK & CO., 667 Market st
ONLT 11000 each— A splendid purchase because
they are so cheap and offered at euch a fear-
ful fcacrifice; Just 3 left: 12S00 was offered and
refu5«d for each lot: they are well located
on the north cr Bunny eide of Point Lobos
ave. that grand avenue of Ban Francisco,
Just west from Eighth ave. I loaned $1000
I n each of theee lots: eize 25x100. Just think
nf the money you will make by buying one of
these lots; easy terms. W. J. GUNN 530
California et
ATTENTION! — — — -
£17 Thirtieth st. near Noe.
Six -room cottaee in mooA condition: all lat-
est Improvements, bath, closed in porch
¦r'r.-i-j. brick foundation, laundry In base-
ment, newly painted, nice carden; lot 125x3i
Fcr eaie by owner.
Very reasonable. Don't fail to Investigate.
•tat— LOT tSxlOO; easy terms; Eprinr Valley
water; 4 rooms and bath cottage. $1350; 24th
and Wisccnrin; only 4 minutes' walk to 2Sth-
tt elec. cars. RIVERS BROS.. ZZ1 Mont'gy.
STORE acd 4 room*, flat of 5 rooms; 119 Point
Lobos ave.; 30:6x75 feet; price $2000. Address
C. W. PRATT. San Rafael P. O. box 42L
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans fumithed. GEORGE M. 6ALEBURY,
builder; office 1523 Market st
$2750— PACIFIC Heights lot ready to build on.
THE McCARTIir CO., €45 Market st
FOR the best located lots in Richmond ana the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 630 California.
T*OR rale— 5 lets tr.d imp.; $1000 cash x>r long
time. Addrefs box 2511. Call office.
EMALL residence for sale: suitable for man
and wife or two ladles. 704 Polk at'
IF you have lots to sell corth of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 633 California st
REAL. ESTATE: COU.VTRY Per Sale
FOR eale In Contra Costa County— SO acres;
en attractive country home, highly Improved
acd productive, with many natural advan-
. tages; superior climate; large and cemmo-
<Uous dwellina* house, C rooms and bath;
small house for workmen and two fina barns;
cut buiidlncs; there are 4S00 Xrult trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange. Quince, per-
simmons, pluci, apple*, olive and fig; trees
elxht yeara old and la full bearing; abund-
ance cf ehade trees. .
There are severe 1 natural springs, also wall
and tack of 10.000 gallons, which" supplies
house and grounds; also a live creek. It Is
situated not far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms. SSObO cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for 3 year*, lnjer-
*«t et 7 per cent or would accept pood clt/-
rr Oakland property for balance. For ' f ur-
•ther particulars call on EDWIN. W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery et, city.
ItT;EEN*=TEIN & CLARK— Headquarters for
K!tics County, lands. vineyardB.'orchards and
stock ranches. S3 Flood building.
156.000 FOR a fine 2-story and basement brick
business block in ths best city in San Joaquln
-VnHey; monthly lnome J1S5. - - -
RUBEN STEIN & CLARK, 22 Flood bldg.
!5000—rs ACRES; 12 In peach, pear and prune
trees; 7 acres pood potato cr corn pround: «
acre* hay ground; 6-room house, bath; wind-
mill and tank: barn for 10 head of stock;
pood outbuildings; 4 miles from Napa City.
Adflrer » Owner, P. O. box 162. Napa, Cal.
DKT la Napa County: no flrouths. no Irrica-
tlon no failure cf crops; write us for fr~e.
«-orv "Napa Cour.tr VJUeuHurtet"- THE W.
A. MACKINPER CO.. St. Helena; Cat
M oniFFIN. 71S Market tt...by Call bldy.,
ft-Us hotPlF, lodging houses, stores." etc Prlnt-
»d Jl»t« of farms and city property.
F'JR sale -or rent— «S acres nr. coal, mine; oil
b«=lt: suitable '•attle, hoes. bce« & t-hickenn.
<:. E. CARTER. Bradley. Monterey Co.. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S13 Main. Petaluma. for
*r*e ccpr of Sonoma, Co. r*al estate bargains.
REAL ESTATE WASTBD;
VPX'S'fKn—V^lhin V-0 mMes of Fan Francisco,
improved farms: price not to exceed $i000;.we
have cash buyer*. A. M. :. SITECK & OO-.,<*'
Mark .-t tt.. taa Kraro'.sca
aDr.'Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARSY ST. Established
in 1H3 1 for the treatment of Private
I)in^«<e«. Lo.it MaDbood. ¦ Debility or
(ll«pas» wjBarlngon body ami mind and
31dn Disejises. .The Doctor cures when
others! fail. Try him. : ('barges low.
I'arrn cnarnalfed. Cull or write.
| Ur. J. *'. U1BUO>, baa Francisco. CaL _
Vsa S««jm1 It* Ferry.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
, : ?T Commencing September SO, 1900. :
imOJl SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL. VALLE T
* . AND SAN ; RAFAEL. ¦.- .
> WEEK DAYS—«:55, »9:15. 11:00 a. m,. »1:45.
3 :15 - 4 :00 - 5:15. *6:15, > 6 :40 p. m.iWJtH&m&pGUi
KXTRA^ TRIPS— For "Mill VaUey and Ban
Rafael ' on 4 Mondays. Wednesdays ana . Satur-
days -'at 9:00 and 11:35 p. ra. " .' -t
. ;SUNDAYS-*S:00. : •10:00. r «Il:30 a. m., , TIM,
3:15."»4M5.' 6:30.- 9:00 p. m.t £ -;- r -^ .• ;* A ; -•:., :¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN> RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK- DA YS-5:2O. • »«:30. .7:45. 9^0 a. va..
•12:30, 1:45. *3:30.?4:30, 5:20;p. m. - - - -
: EXTRA - TRIPS . on ;. Mondays. ' Wednesdays
and'Saturdays ati6:45 and 10:20 p. m. .
k- SUNDAYS— 6:20. •3:00, . *10:00.' , *ll:45 a. m..
•1:40, *• *2:15^ 4 :45,* »«:30 . V. m. ? : , . ' , '. ,... -
,":= Trains marked i (•) - start from s San ' Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK*. DATS— i:43.» 8:45. . 7:55. - 9:30 a. m..'
12 :35, 1:10. 3 :30. ; 4 :54,- S :20 p. m. ?.'; . * - - , ., .*¦
r. EXTRA - TRIPS *¦ on i Mondays. ¦ Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.m..: •-.
¦: SUNDAYS— 8:06.' 10:05 a." m.. 12:06. 2:15. 1:30.
6:00, «:45 ». m. -;•:?.- «».«..?¦-;-..
-¦;-.' ¦¦'¦'.}¦: THROUGH. TRAINS. -•••;<.
¦ . * :55 . a. ¦ m. ; week ¦; days— Cazadero and way
stations. • ''. • ' .-.•. ..-¦-. ¦¦ •-.;..- ' , ¦
: 1:45 i p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations." :•' ' ¦ —:;;¦:•.¦ " ¦'..: i_j.-: ; .*. - 1 . • ',.- -¦¦
.-.:. 8:00 a. m.'.-.' Sundays — Tomales •; and ' ' way
stations. . - -. _ ¦ ..
'} ; ' ; OCEAN TRAVEL.
TellePj BehPing,
Golofnjn, etcv
S. ©. JE/VINIE, .
P. H. ' MASON, Master. V-
S.S.THR/VSHER
T. L. ELLIS, ; Mister. '"-
Will : leave San 'Francisco von! .
Saturday; 20; 1901
'¦„ THRASHER goes : DIRECT . : TO ! NOME.
; JEANIE goes by way of Seattle,* leaving that'
port- on April 26. .-'. ' : - . ¦ - -, - -
1 S. . S. , VALENCIA^ J. : M. Lane, Master, [ leaves
San '.Francisco May ? 24,- 1901, ' and •- Seattle ; May
TO,. ' 1201. for > Nome, Teller. Bearing; Golofnftv
etc r_>- :-.:. - ¦;' ,'¦ .: .;-¦ ;.-- ¦¦- '.;.¦¦.•. .
For passage 'and freight . apply ; to -
PACIFlCiSTEAM WHALING CO.; ;
; •¦; ,30 CALIFORNIA ST. : . SAN FRANCISCO, v>
Cor. - of . First ave. : and Tesler . way, 'Seattle. '
*\ AMERICAN; LINE.
lirew tork; BotrTHAMPTOs. mndow. PABii ;
- "¦': 8topp!ng' at 'Cherbourg. ; westbound.
. -;From New York Every Wednesday, MO a. m." ,'.
St. ? Louis. :..:;.; April i 3 St.* Lbuls. ?;.'..:. April 24
New York..... ..April 10 New York..:...;. May 1
Vaderland '..-.'..April 17 St. -Paul.......... .May S
¦'¦¦.¦'— - FED?STAR ! fLINBi
New York;and Antwartv
Froni ¦ New' York > Every 'Wednesday, 12 . noon.
Friesland -..'...-.April 3|KenslnBton ..'..April 24
Southwark-;...-.AprIl 10 Zeeland ¦.;.....;. .May , 1
•Westernland ;..'. April 1'IFrlesland r....:;:May .'8
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION. COMPANY,"
•¦•-¦., .? V ; ' CHAS..D., TAYLOR,
General ; Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.'
0CCaaiCS.8;C0;;af,K;B;-
ES. SONOMA.' for. Honolulu, '¦ Samoa, ' New . "
¦-' Zealandand Australia. .'...¦...¦......'......:
V . . . . ; . ..-;.'. rr. r. . • . .Friday, V March , 29,' . 8 p. " m.
S3. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).:..:..........
¦ ",..";. .¦.".¦.'.".'.•"•••••••Saturday,' April 6, 2 p.* m.
i. D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Binaral Agents, 327 Market St
Bta'l Passenger Offia, 643 Market St.; far tn. 1, Paciflc St
\ rlAM BURG- AMERICAN JUNE.
, ,-,Twln-Sertw Express Service. ¦ •
I i PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG, j .
A.~i Victoria, Apr.H,10am|F.-3- Bismarck.. "..May -9'
Deutschland f Ap.l8,3pml Deutschland > rir.ta.a.y. 18
¦: : ; Twln ; ScreW Passenger"j$erviC2.
J •PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG—H AMBURO. ' ::
. 'Bulgaria ' : . . ."t. April " B j 'Phoenicia J .'. -.' ;:April 20
Pretoria ..;:;.. April 13| v .. -: ,
' ,- - :i vi'Salls ; to; Hamburgh direct.
iiarnburgVAmerrcao:L>ne, 37- B'way.'N. Y."
¦\ HERZCG :l&"i CPm General • Agents I for Pacific
Coasts 401 . California; st. ; . ' ¦..¦:¦¦'. .'•'¦¦: -
if M AN IL A V D i r ECT.'.V. V ( x
THE" OREGON i AND i ORIENTAL*; STEAM-,
j 6hlp 'i company * will - dispatch '* from ?j Ban
Francisco s on* .'APRIL r . 10 1 the ' Al i steamship
MONMOUTHSHIRE i (3000 t tons '; burthen) -7. for
Yokohama,'*; Nagasaki, d Manila . and i Hongkong. '
with J connections ito -other. Oriental- ports',;, to
be l follow* J 1 -' a »>cut ' May J 10 - by,-* the - steamship
CARMARTHENSHIRE. ¦ These steamers ? have
" superiors »ct ommodations ' for! a ,' limited ; num-'
ber of passengers-V-For freight and passage ap-*
. ply Uo t JC1*N s L. HOWARD, •- 130 Market ist.-^
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrniand TJnfnrn.
NEW : ARUNGTON, ; 1015 ¦-. Market st.-Nlcely
' furnished rooms. $2 a week up;. 85c a day up.,
O'FARRELL.' 20— Sunny i furnished ¦¦ rooms I and
-.- offices;, elevator; elec. ¦ lights; day.* wk.. mo. . -
ROYAL'' House. ; 126 Ellis-Incandescent "light ;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles^ par-
lor; rooms, perjnlght. 35o to : $1 50; week. $2 to
18; month, $8 to $30: ' elevator on ground floor:
.. room* l with hot and. cold , -water;, baths, '-iv:;-,
ROSED ALB: House, 319-S21 Ellis < st-Rooms;
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
TVVKLFTH.? 238G— Elegrantly furnished . front
- and back -parlors: -grand piano; ras, bath;. in
. private, family;. references. -, V
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eishth st:. nr.
Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ' v
THE BERLIN. '233 Kearny— Elegant' suites f
single rooms; running water; transient. ' ,'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmcre et.
•noOMS ASD BOARD. ; ; ' ''¦''.-
AT the . old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace •
Church, with annex-S07 California st. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive :»nd sightly . rooms at modest ! rates.
IF you .are looking for a boarding place, and
like French cooking, try' 612 Geary ;st. ,ToU
will thoroughly • enjoy . yourself.- ' meet', good
P>eople. and get the best meals ¦ in the - city
at moderate prices. Desirable - rooms for ¦ a
¦ ltmitt.fl number, ' Come am] try a dinner n I
¦6 p. m. and you will ko away .happy. " , c ¦.
- ; SPECIAL XOTICEsV .
WANTED— Fruit growers to try Florida Pest
Pre ventatlve ; guarantied to prevent scale or
other parasites from infesting, any fruit'- tree;
an Injection is made In the trunk of the tree
and the upward movement of the sap Irapreff-
. nates the I entire tree. . thus making: the tree
obnoxious to all parasites; one box " : by mall
' postpaid, sufficient to proof 50 .trees. $1; one
proofing lasts, 5 yeais; reference, First Na-
tional Bank. . Jacksonville,' Fla:; Merchants':
National : Bank. . Council Bluffs, Iowa.- Agents
wanted. Address Flo: Ida Pest- Pre ventatlve
Co.. Great Northern, Larimer st.*, .Denver,
Coloj - : :.•• .;;¦.-;-,
LADIES— Chlchester English Pehnyrojial P11U
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
•end 4o stamps for -particulars; "Relief for
Ladles"- in letter by return. mall: at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladal.; Pa.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 897 Market st.— La.
dies during confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad*;
.city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
<H Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19: tel.*- 5SS0. -
SEWING' MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds : bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath/
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th. J
BOUGHT, sold. .Tinted, rer>alr^d: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. U5 6th; phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AXD POSTERS.';
SHOW card*. ¦ window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103, phone Folsom 1569.
STORAGB AND WAREHOtsES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.t
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main' 18<0; shipping at cut rates. .,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 5320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion 8t.; tel. Mint 1R21. F. • W. ZEHFUSS.
AXD "SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARC3AIXS^N r TT?EWRITERS^\ : e
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 261
DIVIDEND NOTICES: '
DIVIDEND Notice.— To the shareholders of In- I
.dependent Red Men's Hall Association: In
the last regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors a dividend T was declared of 25 cents per
share, payable on the 28th of March, at ->
. o'clock p. m.. in Red Men's Hall. 610 Bush
street. C. G. BALSDORF, , President.
B. A. gAMMANN, Secretary. '., T ; ,
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC:
The Stanley Aerial Navigation Company beg
¦ to inform the stockholders and the public
that, owing to' the advances made In the
construction of the airship now nearlng com-
¦ pletlon on the grounds opposite the Bakor-ft.
entrance to Golden Gate- Park, shares of
stock have Increased to $20 per share
. J. A. BORN. CHARLES STANLEY,
Secretary. - President.
I ' MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The - f ollowina; marriage licenses -were issued
yesterday: -
Pletro Carona, 30, 236 Sutter street,, and Jen-
nie Welch. .23. Oakland.. ¦
•John Garben. 24; 2699 Mission street, and
Ella Schmidt, 28. city. i
Chailes C. Brodereon, " 23. 23 Eighth street.
and Lizzie J. Leeper, 18. 317 Tenth street.
Ludwlg Jockers, 21. 113 Noe street, and El3a
L. Prlber, 18, 29 Scott street. •
Herman Welner, 27. 816 O'Farrell street, and
Ethel . Llchtlg, 23, 1256 Howard street.
Bertram Cox, 25. 312 Mason street, and Alice
L.. Phillips, 15, 148 Sixth street. : «. •
• Jacob ¦ L. I^ucky. 21. 119 . Fourteenth strept,
and Hulda B. Gudmanscn. 16, 40 Erie street.
¦ Cornelius E. King. 31, 12% -Washington aye-
nue. and Lottie 4MUler. 18. 12H Washington, st. 1
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
, Birth, marriage and death notices sent by '
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed '
In at either of the oubltcatlon offices and- be I
indorsed with the . name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have, the same published. '¦
BORN.
CI.AUSSEN— In this city. March 24, i 1901. to ¦
. the wife of Charlea M. Clauesen, a daughter.
ROBERTSON— In* Alameda. March 18, 1901," to
• the wife of James .Robertson; a son.' .- ,'/
:¦-', IOAIIBIED.-
CEDERGREN — RAGNSTEDT— In : this city,
March 17. 1901. by the 'Rev. Dr. C. J. E.
Hatertus, -- pastor of Lutheran Ebenezer
Church, Arvid Cedergren , and -Deslderia
Ragnstedt. - ¦ • .-
HEIM— SCHMIDT— In this city. '.March 24/1901,
by the Rev. Hermann Gchrcke, Frtnz Helm
and H ermine H. Schmidt, both of San Fran-
. cisco. K * . • ¦
IVERSON— MILLER— In this city, March 23,
1801, • by the Rev. O. Groensberg, . Christian
" Iverson and Annie Miller. -, ; , • ¦. /
'KEPKE— MILBRADT— In this city, March 24.
1901, by the Rev. " Hermann Gehrcke,- Julius
Kepke and Ottllle Milbradt,' both of San
Francisco... • . ... .
PETERSON— LA LL— In this city,"' March 23
1901, by the Rev. C. J. E. Haterius, pastor
of Lutheran Ebenezer Church, John • L. ;
Peterson and LI na Lai I. . -. -. -..¦-;;
- ~~ DIED .
Adams. Alice A".- McGaughran. Charles
Baldwin, Hattie M, McG-urrin, Jane
; nerr.' Susie ; • ¦ McKay, Donald* J.
"-^Befton. Mary McKendr>%- John"
Bowen, , Perley M. Marx, 'Flora • -
Crawford, Win. D, Menturn (infant)
Deeney, Jennie • Noltlng, John, li.
Delano, • Susan B. .Pontac, Pierre •
Donovan., Dennis , ,- Powers, Mervln -
' I>onohue, • John - •'¦ Ropcke, ; Helmuth F,
Fawceit.- Robert '=E. .', Sandow. George
1 f Greffe, > Joseohlne • SW.nton, '. Mary *•
. Gunning*, Clara' F. * "¦ Telfer,'. ' Anna- tt
' , McCarte. William J. . Williams, Charles F,'
ADAMS— In. this - clty. v March ¦¦¦' 25. 1901, Alice
Agnes Adam*, dearly belovec-A'Ifa of Adolph
Adams, ? mother '¦ of Edith and Alice ' Adams,
and daughter of the lateMary, Calrd, a na-
",tlve of New Orleans;*. (New Orleans and New
York papers ¦ please Vcopy.) * . ¦¦-,... • .
:: CTPIease omit flowers.'. Interment private.
BALDWIN— In this city, March 24, 1901, Hat-
tie M.. Baldwin, beloved daughter of the late<
Jotham and Olive Baldwin, and: sister ¦' of
' George, Ralph. 'Fannie, Myrtle and .Madge
Baldwin and Mrs. Olive, 'B.- Bailey, a 1 native
; of New Bharon, Franklin County, Me.;.- aged
"40 years 11 months and 16 • days.- : (Cheyenne,
, .Wyo., 'Pleasant ' Hill, Mo.v ¦¦ and -.-«' College
,¦ SprtngB and Mount Ayr, Iowa, papers please
.". copy. )>¦'-•* .'-'.¦'-'"'¦-.-•-'.-¦ -¦'- - : . "¦-".¦;.'.¦•. ;¦- — ;¦'"... \;
*, *C7Frlends and acquaintances and members
• of -Lincoln Corps No. -3. W.. R. C.~;are re-
¦ epectfully Invited to. attends the funeral this
day (Tuesday),' at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin &. Co.. > 319 O'Farrell street
,-.» Interment -Mount". Olivet Cemetery.- "• ¦ ;'
BEHG— In ¦-:¦ this city." March - 22, . 190L Susie
•Bers.'a native of Pennsylvania, aged SS years
" and 6 months. -¦¦.,* ¦ .. . ¦ '. . .
' c?" Friends, andf acquaintances; are- respect-
fully invited to attend ; the .funeral \ this * day
> (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock. } from Charles TJ."- B.-
',- MetEler's parlors," '¦-¦ 638. "Washington -*Btreet;
¦tbence to' St.- Mary's Church.* corner < of Call-
'.'¦ f onila and - DuiKmt : streets,; where • a • solemn
r high mass twill be. celebrated,'- beginning; at
, 9:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BESTON— In this *¦ city, March U, ):•¦ 1901. ? Mary.
•beloved- mother of Nellie- Beston," a- native 1 of
England, ased' 68 years 2': months -and 24
--days. -.<.'-'..¦ •. I.-', J W- ¦', . ,',.'?-.;'i ¦¦•:.-. i.* -¦-:-.
BOWEN— In this city, ¦ March 2S, ; 130L ¦ Perley
HENRY J.j GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Klannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, lltr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ANDiEMBALMERd.^
20 Firth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
, Telephone South . 80. ;; - - „ ,
Eugene McuTnnT" .--•..,. --, McGINnTbROsTI
v.' - Funeral Directors and EmbaUners. .
. ./ EDDY.STREl-r.',^:.-;i; :Vv
South 252.'; -r'.-, San Franclscoi'
' No Connection -With Any Other.Houge.'.J- .''
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot-'
Local LIm'd Oyrl'd Local
.-- - ¦ . -." Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar, Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:C5 p 7:25 ft
V Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
.".Fresno .. 2:20 p Ii33 p 3:05 a ........
•• Hanford 422 p 3:27 p 7:M a x
•• ,Vl«alla . 4:10 p 4 JO p 4:43 a
"Tulare.. 4:27 p 4:27 p R:03 a ........
"Bksfleld 8:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ...
" ; Kan. Cty ......... 2:41 a 7:30 a ..... J
"Chicago ..:.;..» 8:15 p 9:00 p |
- a for. mornintr. p for afternoon.'
¦ 9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying , Palace, sleeplne Cars and Dlnlns
Cars through- to Chicago. Chalr'Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
. first - class passengers. No - second class
' tickets are honored • on this train. , Cor-
¦ responding train arrives at 5:53 p. ra. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. , Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:C0,p. m..ls the Overland Express, with
¦ through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and '
; free ',. Recllnlnc. Chair i Car. 'also Palace
Sleeper, • which cuts out at Fresno. - Corre-
sponding -train -arrives at 5:55 p. ra. daily
, ? 7:20 . a. rc. ts Bakerafleld ¦ Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
ipondinff. train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
- Offices— 641 Market . street and In . Ferry
Depot," San Francisco: 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. ."--' '¦" .•- - ¦¦•-: -'¦ ---•. ¦¦ •
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
V.'} ~'~ : *\-,l Stea^'r ."MontlcelJo."
MbN^TuW.. Wed.. Thurs.' and , Satl at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8J0 p. m; (ex. Thursday nieht>; Fri-
days. 1 p. m. • and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m S
p. m.' Landing and office, lllsslon-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FOB U.S. MAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAY. AND RIVEB S'
COMPAONIE GENERALS THANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -^^j^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of «^fi*Ftt
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ~>«jS«5»
North Itiver. foot of Morton street. First -class
to Havre, . $55 and upward. - Second -class to
Havre, J45 and upward. ' GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES *nd CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building;). New Tork. J.' F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Arents. & Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Asrents.
PACI7IC 8TEAM HAVIOATI0H- CO. AND
C0MPANIA BUD AMBEICANA DE^VAPOBllS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports, Sailing:
SS. AREQUIPA.. ......... ....-./...April 4. 1901
SS. LIMARI ....:.; ... ."April 17. 1901
S84PERU...... April — . 1901
SS. GUATEMALA May — . 1301
. , - At 12 m. from. Section 2, Beawall.
These steamera are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change' at AcapMlco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 316 California street. - -
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
PANAMA R-R,™
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
. .-'."• . Cabin. $1O5 '.Steerage. *4O.
Roanoke . . . ; . Tuesday, April 2
Leelanaw . . .. Tuesday, April 18
Argyll . . • • • ..Tuesday, May 7
, From Seawall Section No. 1. 2 P. M.'
Freight and passenger orflce. 330 Market st.
¦ F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
SUBURBAN HESIDEXCES.
FOR' Bale— In Mill Valley. 2-roonT cottage and
tent, furnished for housekeeping. Owner, 518
Jersey tt.; Sap Francisco. . .¦¦;'¦'. '.'--.-'
iLAMEDA; ADVERTISEMENTS.
JALAMED A ROOMS .AX D " HOARD. ,
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms:' board first
¦ class. S101 Central ave., Alameda.; ;.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEV nEAL ESTATE.^
IF you wish an elegant home In Berkeley , see
the Wheeler Tract ; special inducements "to
r^ple to build. W. C. MORAX Sz GO. o
$40()0-CHEAP at J6000; lot 2 blocks
to -university: must b« sold at once on-a'c-
c-ount of departure; don't, miss this 'If you :
are looking for a snap. \V. C. MORAN" &
VrO« * .
$1500— $100 CASH, balance $15 per month; . 5
large rooms and bath : ana mant»' -2 bay- ¦
windows: brick foundation ; stationary tubs;
lot 40x120; 2 blocks to cars; bank loaned
tlSOO on this place. W. C- MORAN & CO.,
Lcrin station, or Schmidt block/ Berkeley. Oal.
J240O— $250 CASH, balance $25 i per., month; 6
large, rooms; 8-foot basement; cement side-
walk and driveway: $1000 worth ¦ of shrub-
bery; this place cost $3500; must be seen to
be appreciated. W. C. MORAN * CO., Lo-
rln station. . or Schmidt block. Berkeley. 'Cal.
f 1000 — ANOTHER snap; pretty home of 4
rooms; "hard finished: street macadamized;
Just placed on the market; must be sold.
MAY. & MORTIMER.
DID we sell the $650 place we advertised last
»«k? Why, of course: MAY & MORTI-
MER. ;
11850— Here ls the plac« for a moderate family;
6 rooms; lot 48x130; street imp'roved.
J2T00 — Dandy home; fine view; near cars.
t360t-^Sfw home; double floors; 7 rooms;
near cars and college. MAY & MORTIMER.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
K600 FOR property originally costing 1X00; 64
feet frontase; house of ' 9 rooms and bath:
barn with coachman" s room ; private water
supply on premises; water fountain: shrub-
bery, flowers, *tc. ; in fact, an ideal home for
a little. money; 10 minutes' walk from busl :
ness centers and local trains; terms $S00 cash,
balance hank mottg&ge; positively must be
sold: first come first served. J., S. MVERS
& CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
THOSE 6 new homes which MYERS & CO.
have for sale are the finest and most up to
date of anything in the house "line that has
ever been offered for sale; space will not
permit extolling their charming -qualities;
locations are varied, ranging 'in price from
$1600 to $45CO, from S to 9 rooms each; Just
completed and ready for Inspection;, worth
the trip to Oakland to, see them; no thought
or money has been spared to make these
houses the finest ever offered for sale; easy
terms can be arranged for payments; we
-cordially invite the public to see these prop-
erties whether you purchase or not; car-
riages always at the office for accommoda-
tion -of- our patrons free of charge. J. 8.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1100— ORIGINALLY cost $2000; cottage of 5
rooms and bath; high basement; 3 blocks from
school, cars, stores, etc. ; $300 cash, balance
mortgage; a positive bargain and must be
cold; call early.
J. & MYERS A CO.. ".
10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
$2230— ONLY $300 cash; brand-ne.w latest design
r cottage; open plumbing; latest In everything;
near local station, school!.. cars and business
centers; cost $3100 to duplicate; seeing is. be-
lieving; call early. ;
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$;fS0 FOR a $2500 property in East Berkeley; 2
blocks from station; 3 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood: we are Instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $100 cash.
'J. S. MYERS & CO..
10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
$100 CASH. $10 monthly; lot 100x200 ft.: sandy
loam soil; assorted' orchard in full bearing;
also small vineyard; 3-room cottage, windmill,
BO.OGO gallon tank: Al water; large barn,
chicken houses and outhouses; immense shade
trees, shrubbery and flowers surrounding; this
its a rare property in a very delightful spot;
Laurel Grove Tract, adjoining East Oakland;
near a -fine 3-story schoolhouse; away from
cold winds and fog; near Laur»l Grove ave.,
off School st.: here ls a lovely spot for a home.
which you can get on rental basis; price; all '
told. $1200.. Call or send for circular. 4S5 Sev-
enth st., opposite Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. 2. JONES.' Owner. -
$225— LOT In Lcrin; 500 ft. from station on
. Berkeley local, giving a half-hcur service to
Ban Francisco same time to city aa from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland: this lot must be
sold. A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
JSOOO— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.: 8 rooms and bath; modern: lot £Cxl25.
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth at.. Oakland, Cal.
A BANKER'S. home. 8 rooms, grandly situated;
half Mock magnificent grounds; $17,C00 ex-
pended; price $S000:"must sell quick; going to
Europe. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-452 Eighth tt.. Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to- you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414—3 sunny connecting unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; sink and bath.
EDDY. 443 — Large sunny furnished room eult-
abl» for light housekeeping. .
EDDY. 933 — 2 large newly papered rooms; thor- '
oughly clean; regular kitchen: no children. N
FOURTH, 225— Nice eunny front . room, suit-
able for housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 21 (The Newport)— Housekeeping
rms.; running water, gaB; phone Howard 2472.
HOWARD, 823— 2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable. ' '*¦••¦'.
MCALLISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $10.
NOE, 153—3 connecting rms.* completely f urn. ;
kitchen, coal range, sink, bath, yard; $16. :
OAK 119— Sunny front room furnished for
. light housekeeping: closet; 1 person, $5.
OCT AVIA. 1403, cor, \ Geary— Sunny • furnished
room, $8; eunny rm. & kitchen complete, $12.
SIXTH Ml— Front and. back parlor: for house-
keeplng, $10; single rooms, $4. -
VAN NESS ave., 815— Entire parlor floor, with
regular kitchen and -yard; sun all day.
3 TO S elegantly and . completely, furnished
housekeeping rooms, use of. piano; phone; \
garden; nlc« rurroundlngs; reasonable. .129:
-Liberty St.. Guerrerb-st care. "
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lenda at. ' ¦ ' *¦* ¦ •'- ' .- .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unf urn.
' jTrGYLE. ' The <Ju*t opened).-, McAllister st.. ;
corner Larkln— Elegant and ''. tastefully "fur-
nished suites, with or without baths: -also
single rooms; steam heated; liveried -service;
reading-room; - electric- elevatoc all: night;
these rooms have to be - reen to be - appre-
ciated; references: rooms shown In evening.
.ROOMS "• TO LET. . ¦
A— For - rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without > board,
finest tn city. Bee ELDER ROOM RENTING
• CO., 22 Kearny st.. tel. 2334 Red. -v.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar & day family hotel in' city; polite attend-
; ' fence; large rooms: modern * conveniences^
rooms SOc up; first-clxfss meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE,/ 148 SIrth— Room*,
25c to $1 per night; $1 2» to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night."
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
¦ nlahed- rms.'.'' suites, ¦ elngle; also -unfurnished.
BUSH, 1084., near. Leavenworth— Elegant suite
of roonsa. for gentleman only. , y
CALIFORNIA, • 724— Choice rooms; reasonable
'.-¦ rent... ¦-;''¦--.- --'-, -¦".-. : • > "¦' .'-'•-
CALIFORNIA. 1527— Sunny single, double and
; housekeeping roorr.B from $6 up. •
EDDY, 872— New> elegantly . furnished rooms, en
1 suite or single; see them; reasonable.' :. ¦;-;•
ELLIS. 639. ¦ corner - La rkin — Sunny- furnished
. rooms, folding bed.x for light housekeeping. - .
GEARY.' 381— Comfortable single "room for gent;
- rent $5. .1 - ¦ ' " " •'¦:'-¦ •::.....•»-"
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
\ - and ¦ Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, ¦ en - suite •' or
I single; ladles* . parlor; reading-room; elevator.*
JESSIE. 3C3.' near kh and Market— Furnished
room.: $4 a motith; .large room.. 2 beds.-, |3.'.
LARKIN, 707/ nr. Ellis— Newly, furnished sunny
I front rooni, $8; private family In small? flat.* ;<
MARKET. 1032 -Changed hands; - nice 'sunny
¦ doable rooms, $1 25 up. " . ¦ : -•'*¦-
MARKET. -Ifd, opp. » Jones— Furnished sunny
-rooms,' Blngl«. or; double:* bath... ¦ < _ «--- : -:i. .-v
MINNA. 6CT. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
* : bay-window room."" tl P*«" - wf ek : ; transient , •
MOPS. 24-4. near, Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms"
Ecod yard and 'water; rent $9.~
MOHT11KKX !>A«!iriV COMPA3IT.
. IrAOirto sturr.st.)
Trains !»••«•> »¦>•! a»r« •!»«• to M rrlf« «•
•'• »•*?! ritA.*i«:i!<i<:o. •¦- -
(Main Une, foot ot Alarice^Streei)
liatb — Frou March 14, 130L — arrits
. TiOOa Mfcitlnen. S»aUanioa,V»llf.jo. Naps, -
C»U«u,giianas»iJta Uo»*. ........ lit];
7i3U a Benlda, suiguu, Elmlra, V»ea»m«.
Ramsey *ml aacr»meuw :... 7:H3t
7:80a IHtU. Woodland. KnlgbU Lindlni. *m**
¦••'¦ . M»r» STllle. Oio»Ulo_ 7sS»r
7iSOi Atlautlo Kxpresi — Ujdou and KVat 13:33?
»:U«a Nils*. Uiennor?, Tracy, tatkrop,
Stockton .?............„ 7i»»»
S:30 a Shasta Eipress— Daris, Willltms (for
Barttett SprinesX Willows. Bad
Bluff. i»OTtLiu<r. 7i8S»
• >3»a S«u Jj>*<-. LWerraore. Hkoeklon.
lone, bacranieuto. Plic-tTillo, .
MsrjBTlllo, CWco. Ue<IlSlulT...... 4tX3p
«tSt»A Oak Jalp, Chinese, Bonora, Cwtert... ¦ 4 i23p
»:OOa H»j wards. Nilrsaod W»j SUUont. IIi.13a,
•iVOa Los Angeles Express — Martliiex.
Truer. Lasiirop. .Stockton. Hereed
¦ Kreino and Lea Angele* .......... T>S)9f
•i.1I>4 Tall«]t>. Marthiox auit Way Stations BiSSp
IOiHOa The Oferlaiul Limited— Ogdeo. Dea- ,"- '-?
» er, OiDsba, Chicago 0<9Sr
11:OOa >TIU-«, Stockton, H»etamenta, Meo-
' dots, Frrano, If anford, Vlrt.Ua. .
Portai-Tilla : 4iS3r
11:OOa UTeimare, Sasgsr. Gosheo Jono-
ilon, Bikerstttld, Lot Angeles
tl:O0r Sacraineuto i:i;«r .Steatite" tSs^OA
3><M>r liRniola. Winters. 8ior»nianto,
Wo,..IUn.l, Kniiilits 1-udiug.
M*ri«Til!n. «)r<,iill«..- t»l»S4
Si«Op rtajwards, Nllea aud Way Stetiooa. »iO3r
. 4tO»p Martliiex,. K»n ]U>noii, VaiI»Jo,
Nas>*. (Ulltt.udi. S»nu Uo»» tiS3«
f4:OOp-Suo»eB LimKed. El Paoo. N«w
Orleans and Kast. «11:33a
4:OOrTho Owl IJmlted— Traer, Iimml r«pjM|
BakenQcld. Hangns for 6>«.uta Bar-
bara. Los A nicies )li23t
<i3Op IlaTwards, Mle»aud 8an Jom fHi."13A
fliOtir New Orli-tnj Ezprest— HakersHeld,
. ' Hniita lt»rhara. I^ia Anjrtln, l)»ai.
Inc. SI Faao. New Olleaua mad
Kaat 7.33a
S:O«r Nile*. Llrennore, Stockton- Lodl.... IOi.VIa,
•:«»p Harvard*. KHea and Hau Jose 7:SA«
fO:OOrVivlleJ(i.... ; Il«a34
«iO«r Oriental Mail-OgsleD, Chejsnne,
Omih*. Chicago ia:21r
fliOOr Oriental Mall— Ogdea. . Denver.
Omaha. Chiaaga 4>S3p
7iOOr Orenuiiaad Calldiruia Kxprentt.Hao.
rHineiitu, M»rj»(ill», ICedillng,
I'lirtliiuil, I'ugBt Huimtl ami Kant 8:33a
Si»3p San Pablo. Pork Costa, Martises
ami Way atatiou* 11=55*
t»K»Sp Vallrjn... 7;3ap
COAST DIVISION (.Nurroit <i:ni S f).
. (Foot of Unrktt Street.)
»il»A NewaIlt.Cm.tertl!l».SaiiJow > .Fcllnii.
Bom.lor Cretk.Hai.ta Ci ux aud Way
8taUons »..». •>*•»
t»i I Up Newark. C«nterTiUe>. San .(oso. Now
Almadeo, Feltoii, I'milder Creek.'
Santa Cius aud l'riuclpal Way • -
SUMoiis........ fiojsox
4il»p Newark-. Han Joan. Los Gatos S:.it»*
; a'JiSOs' llunten' Exsnialon, San Joae and
: . Way Btotjona ¦ t~»**y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ffjaSU rXMClSCO— fitt *f Mirktt SUiiKSliil)—
}7:15 9:00 ll:0Ot.n. 1:93 3:33 3:18r.».
rrtmOHUIS— rs«t .fgr».J»ir.— fit:0O JS.OO t3.-0S
10:00».M. 12:C3 2:00 1:00 r.M.
COAST DITISION (llroaiMangf).
¦ f rhlnl and Townseml .SU.)
1 fSslOA Ocean View. Mouth Man Fraoelaco.. fAcUOp
- 7:OOA Sai. Joae an.l Way 8UU«im (N«»
-Almadeii Weilneiddjt only) l:30p
UiOOa Man Jme. Trea I'Iimm. HaitU Cnta.
raeilie Urore. l'aso Kobtes. Han
I.nlt - Ol>i.«i'«>, Btirf, Lompoc aud
l'rlnef|>»I Way Mkatl.ni* 4:I«f
I«:I«a San Joae and Way .Stations «<»3«
I I:3«a Man .lose and Way HUtlnus St30p
t'iiiSp.Sau Matro, Uedwootl. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. ftanU Clara, S»» Ji.w,
* Trea Pinos. mi ta Crn, Sailnaa,
Monterey an.l l'adno GrnTe flAtSOa
t»:SOp Man Joae an<t Way Stations 7iS«tp
. f-liiap S»ti Jose ami Principal Way Stations U: 1.1 a
t3:OOpSan Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
. - Way Stations A»,e* A
SiSOr BaaJnae ami Principal Way Station* *:3.1a
•:3*r San Jeaaaml Way .Station* t s <**a.
¦ll:4.1p San Jnnand Way SUUona ?i30r
A for Homing. P for Afternoon.
. f Hnnrfay •xcepted. I Sunday only. . ;
f Mondays, Wednesdays, Trldays. Wtr*K'mua£^tm*m
• Tusadaya, Thursda/a. Soadaja.
« Saturday only, •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS EL CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ARO . NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F*rry> Foot of Market SL
San Fran:!«:o lo.San Rafa<>'.
TIBURON FEBRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:20. 9:60. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 3:30.
. 6:10, *:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:W .
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5ft aa4
11 :30 p. m.
SITNDA7S-S:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. l.tt.
•- a:00. «:M v. m.
Haft .^iiua! to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:10. ~.:Z0. S;20, 11:10 a. no.; H:t3.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
-and I:S3 p. m. " " -¦ - - '¦ .*
BUNDAYS-8:10. *A0. 11:10 a. m.; l:«. !:«.
6:08. 6:15 n. va. •
Between San Francisco aad ScSuetiea Parks
same schedule as above. .'
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1803. \ San Franclactx
Week I Bun- I . I Sun- 1 Week
Days. 1 ' days. | Destination. I days." | Pays.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am $:40 am
1:30 pm 9:3d am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
i 5:10 pm 5:00 prn Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:22 pm
~~~~~~~. ' ~ - • Fulton. ¦ - - "¦'
7:30 am Windsor. . ' . 10 'X am
Healdsburs.
Lyttoa. .
Oeyserville,
8:30 pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. 7:3S pm t:2t pm
"7lso«m| I Hopland | I
, I 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:3S pmf I:S3 pm
:7:30 am ¦- - I - „ W:» am
8:00 am Guernevllle. I 7:35 pm
»:30 pm . -¦ I »:t3pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
---¦¦• • and
6:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen, (:05 pm (:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 am 110 :IS am
3:Id pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. . | 7:35 prn| 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa {or Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GerservUte for Skasss Springs; at ; Cloverdal*
for the - Geysers: at Hopland for - Duncan
Springs. -Highland Bprtngs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Springs: at. Uktah for Vichy Sprincs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper- Lake. Porno, Potter Valle/.
John I>ay*s. - Riverside. Llerley"» - Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heicrhts. Hullvllle. Qtt*s Hot Springs.
¦ Mendoclno City. Fort* Brags. Westport.- Usal.
Willetts, Laytonvllle. Cummings, Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens,* Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
duced rates. . . - „
- On Sunday*, round-trip ' tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ -¦¦¦¦•¦
Ticket office, 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
tilg. R. XRTAN.
H. C. WHITINa Gen. Pass. Agt.
. . Gen. Manager. . ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
VU SausaUta Ferry— Foot of Market St '
tv. a»!» rnkn. , , nt.ixi m>*.
9:1."i a. St.-) . - wmfT. r>4VQ ( 3rf»r.>«.
4:CiO p. m.) Stay over night at tbeiATixx 1 10::« a.m.
8,-OOa. M.I - '.-.', [1:00 r.M.
WrfXlA.M.'l SUNDAY*? i a.-C0r.M.
1:13 p. m. J .-¦;¦ . - . I 5:55 p. m.
¦ ••-=—-¦ Fate. S«n Franc»c» to Summit aad Retnrn. 11.40.
. Ticket Offices. 6'.'1 Market St., & Sansalito Ferry.
I Round-trip • tickets at reduced ¦ rates. ¦ For
frelKht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First
- . W. H. AVERT, X General Agent.
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki . and - Shanghai, and
connecting at Honkjrong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ¦-¦-* ¦'¦..--¦ -
SS HONKONG MARU..Tuesday. April «. 1901
PS.' NIPPON MARU ...Friday. May S.190\
ES. AMERICA MARU. -Wednesday. May 29. 1901
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan -streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
.JDISFATCH FAST, STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
Ck DC S'2 First Class ..-including Berts
lAnt $8 Second Clast and Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails... ...............Mar. 24, Apr. 3
CEO. W.' ELDER sails. .:..... ..TJar. 29. Apr. 8
- Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. -Butte,
Helena and all points- In - the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent. ,
' - • . 1 Montgomery st.
¦ the great train
on the
SANTA FE
: -Milton, -beloved ion of .'Asa'M.' Bowen. "a.
.« native, of- San: Francisco, , aged <40 years. y;*^
CRAWFORD— Ini Oakland," March' 25, - 190iriWll-;
- 1 liam • D. Crawford, * a^natlve ¦¦ of ; California,*
'¦ 20 . years. \ . v ; . 'J'J : ~- •'¦•''.: ' '•' •¦" "j : ;.'" .f v •- :
DEENEY— In "this city. March 23. : 1901, ' Jennie,
beloved wife of Philip Deeney, dearly beloved
? . h mother of Philip and - Harry s Dejeney.t beloved
;• daughter of John .and', the; late. : Katie Dever,
•and sister of John Dever, 1 Mrs; M. F. Joyce
¦ ' and '•- the ' late : Katie ; McGreehan," a ¦ native . of
*-" Tuolumne ; County,' < Cal. - : (New York " papers
-.- please > copy.) •• - • .'. - . ' . • •
¦ C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' " fully 'a invited ! to attend « the * funeral this ; day
¦ .'(Tuesday), * at . 3:30 o'clock, ' from the ¦: funeral
- parlor^; of James r^McMenomy. & Eon, : < 1057
: Mission- sti-eet, tbence .-to ; St. Joseph's
' Church, where a ¦ requiem high ¦ mass will * be
' .' celebrated = for • the . repose i of 3 her soul, , com-
mencing; at 9 o'clock., Interment'Holy Cross
¦¦Cemetery. - • - ¦ ' ¦-/ ¦;'¦•" :¦¦''¦'¦ :.' . . "
DELANO— In this, city.; March 24. 1901. Susan
• B..- beloved wife .of L. . T. ¦ Delano, -, mother of
. 1 John ; P.I Hartt , and j Leland \ Delano, , daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. James G. -Allison,; and sls-
. ter'Of Mrs. L. Rudolph, : Mrs. ¦ J. .M."- Daily
and - Robert Allison, ¦ a. native of California,'
¦ : agod ¦ 40 : ; years: ; ."•. ¦:-.¦'. '¦» ,.':-,.-.: .-:•''¦- '-¦ ; -
'•¦ icy Friends and acquaintances a.re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-morrow
• (Wednesday), at ll^o'clock.rifrom late
residence.' 2613 .Nineteenth street. ' Interment
' Cypress ; Lawn . Cemetery, i by carriage. . .'--.'
DO.VO VA N— In S the ¦, City and i County ; Hospital,-
¦March? 23, -1901, Dennis 'Donovan, .a native of
.Ireland,^ aged 73. years. '
DONOIJUE— In the City arid County 'Hospital,
, March 25, John" Donohue." " " ¦ ; * - . ¦
FAWCETT— In Berkeley, : March 23, - 1901. Rob-
' ert Edwin, beloved - son ¦ of George H. and
,. Emily :.G.- Fawcett,-. a -native of SanFran-
* Cisco, aged 9 months and 12 days." ..
» CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock," from' the home of
his-: parents, •'liM'.-i' Filbert street, between
Leavenworth. and ,Hyde. :¦ Interment private,
Gypress Lawn Cemetery. r * , .: ¦
CREFFE—^n.thls city,* March 24. 1901, Jose.ph-
V ine ' Greffe.y beloved - wife -. of Charles ". Gnttt.
'-¦ mother of Eugene Paulme, mother-in-law of
.: Julie Paulme, and - grandmother, of Ktlenne.
. .. Marie and -.Juliette Paulme, u' native of
France.",^-'..',' /:•'. .:'-,'-•-•,¦¦- '*' •¦ ¦:
I • CTFrlcnds , and • acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
' ( Wediiestlay). . at 2 o'clock,; from i the parlors
of J. , S.': Godeau, j 305 ¦ Montgomery avenue. •
GUNNING— In ; this city, March 25. 1901, '¦ Clara
. P.;.- beloved wife of , Michael ' 8. Gunning,
mother of Raymond,' Gladys and Claire Gun-
ning, 1 .- daughter of t* the ti late .Michael . and
'¦ Elizabeth, O'Rourke,- and'slster of : Thomas,
Mamie and Tcany O'Rourke and Mrs. Joseph
. I). Bertram, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years. ¦'.¦ -.'•'•*¦¦.¦ - ¦ - •.;': ¦ ¦ • " ¦' '¦ ¦-.-¦¦••
¦: -CS'Frierids and" acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , to-morrow
. • (Wednesday), *af J> '.-o'clock,- from ¦-.; her -late
residence. 1015 l /4 Folsoni street, ".thence to St.
-Patrick's " Church,: where \ a- requiem a high
'¦ mn*'8 will' be celebrated for. the repose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. r Interment .Holy Cross
i Cemetery. .'.-¦' ¦¦'¦.;¦¦-.• . —-¦*.¦> . .¦
McCAIvTE— In this city. March ,K. 1901. W^ll-
I liam-, J..v eldest son of Daniel' and : Mary. Mc-
carte, • and brother, of 'Mary, 'Sarah,- Daniel,
, Alexander, John J... Hugh, Archie, Charlea
- and Arthur McCarte, >a;natlve of Ireland.
' -, CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. • : ..
McGAUGHRAN— In this < city. March ,25.' 1901,
Charles, beloved son of -i Alice McGaughran.
and brother. of I>eo McGraughan,' a native of
Jacksonville, 111., aged 27. years, 2 months
: and 4' days. ',: •'.-'-,.-, '.
McGURRIN— In Bay View, March 25. 1901,
- Jane McOumn. dearly beloved wife of James
McGurrln.'a native of* Ireland,. aged 61 years
tund 6 months. •..¦¦'
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking -Com-
pany. 1203 Mission street, between . Eighth
and Ninth. -Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ::/-¦¦¦-.¦¦ - ¦ .-':•¦--¦¦ -..¦>¦. ¦ '- .
McKAY— In this city, March 23, 1901, Donald
J., beloved ' husband - of ;the ' late Katherine
McKay, .'father of Edward P. McKav. and
. brother at John McKay -and: Mrs. J.. J. Bea-
¦ ton,- a native of Prince Edwards Island, Can-
.' ada, aged 55 years.,, ;. '.' ¦ • •
E7FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral this day
•(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. John McKay. - 410 .. Hermann
. streets near Buchanan, , thence • to the First
• I'nlted Presbyterian Church, corner of Golden
.Gate avenue and Polk street, where services
•will be. held, commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Laurel HH1 Cemetery. '
McKENDKV- In this . city, March - 23. ' 1901.
John, beloved husband of Jane '¦• McKendry,
- and father of j-'amuel G., John." Tlllle, ; Annie,
Jamec, Mamie and, Isabel McKendry and
'.Mrs.' Thomas Fullerton, ' a native of Ireland,'
aged 52 years 9 -months and 19 . days. ' (New
¦iork papers please copy.) • . H*rtS»«s
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from. his Jate.resN
dence, 637 Minnesota street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. . ' . .
MARX— In this city, March . 24. 1301, Flora
Marx, . relict of the late SamuelMarx, and
" mother of Mrs. Joseph M. s Rothchild, .. Mrs.
¦ ; S. Frledenrlch and Henry, Ralph and Mel-
ville' Marx, a native " of , London, - England,
ased fco years. . .. . ¦...<' '-> ¦.;• ¦
Cy Friends . and •¦ acauaintances are respect-
fully-Invited to attend the funeral. this day
(Tuesday), at ¦ 10^o'clock, - from ) her late resi-
dence, I70o Broa"dway. !: Interment 'Home 'of
Peace Cemetery,- via 11:30 o'clock train from
: Third and Towns«hd: streets depot'.", .-
J1ENTURN'— In' the City, and County Hospital,
March 25, 1901, infant daughter of Mrs. Char-
lotte Menturn, a "native of. California," aged
l'.day. .>.>;..... ; ;;' : ¦-•,-;.¦• v ••- ,''\x'.:
NOLTING— In Alameda.' March 24. 1901.V John
Bernnrd, beloved son -of the late- William H.
and Elizabeth Noltlng, >and brother .'of Wil-
liam,- Edward, and Amelia Noltlng and Mrs.
Edward ' Krehmke," a native , of San Fran-
cisco, aged So. years.- '•¦¦¦. ¦ • ,
CyFrlends and; acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this iday
(Tuesday), 'at 1 o'clock,, from the -parlors > of
the .United Undertakers, ; 27 and • 29 .v Fifth
street, -thence 'to, St. • Mary's Cathedral for
1 services at" 5 o'clock.. Interment Mount Cal-
5 vary Cemetery. ¦ Please omit - flowers. '¦ ¦.-.
PONTAC— In this city, March 24, 1901. Pierre
Pontac, a- native of France, aged 03 years.'
(C7 Friends "and acaualntances are respect-
fully: Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Wednesday),' at 2:30 o'clock, from the « par-
•lors cf J. sj. Gode'au. 303 Montgomery avenue.'
POWERS— In this city,'-' March 24,' 1901. Mer-
vln.' beloved, infant child of William and
Catherine . Powers, a native -,of California,
aged 10 months.- "¦ a - . -¦" : - . •_.. -•¦; ¦; ¦¦:.:<
(ETThe '¦• funeral will .- take I place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. > from the ; residence
'ofhlB parentB, 120S',i Valencia' street." Inter-;
- ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Kindly omit
.flowers.: '- ¦ •' ¦ ¦"• ¦ - :¦'¦ ¦..'¦'- .'- ' '
ROPCKE— In/ this city, . March ¦ 2S, 1901,! Hel-
'muth- F. Ropcke,' .beloved husband of Maria
¦ Ropcke, and beloved . father . of ' Helmuth A.
; Hopcke and; Mrs; -Annie Raffeto, a-natlveof
¦ German^,; aged 52 years 4 months and 5 days."
-,: : C?"Notice of! funeral' hereafter. .' * - -
SANDOW.— Near I Randsburg, ' I Kern County.
Cal.; March ! 23, . 1001." George, beloved husband
of Dora EngehSandow . (nee Waroecke).' and
>' father of George A., Ida and Harry Lovell
'Sandow. and brother of Mrs. .Theo. Wag-
ner and Frank H." Sandow.; a. native of Ber-
lin. Germany, . aged* 46 ; years. ,
".CTFrlends'are- respectfully Invited to at-
' 'tetid the funeral :, to-morrow ¦ (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from hlslate residence, -762 Clayton
street, between ' Waller - and ' Frederick, i ¦ In-
terment ' Odd Fellows' Cemetery. . ¦'_-. .,-;
STANTON-^In Hay wards, Cal..' March 24, 1901,
Mar>\ "beloved .wife • of 'the .-.late Michael
"Stanton., and mother of William,' John, Nora
.and - the ¦ late 'Kate .1 Stanton, '> a" native' of
-County Tipperary, -Ireland,; aged 67 years and
5da;s." ¦ . ¦ :¦•-"•¦- - ; ¦'¦' .- ¦• *, ' ¦ .- = .- ; ¦¦¦•.- . ; -
'¦' ityFriends "and. acquaintances ar» respect-
' fully Invited,: to attend the funeral services
this day '(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at "All
'Kslnts',: Church, ; - Hay wards, 'the Rev> Father
Lally of Hciating,' where a requiem high mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
' Interment Catholic Cemetery, Hay wards, v ;
TELFER— In - this city, March *' 25. ' 1901, » Anna
Elizabeth, beloved wife of- William. Telfer,
and mother of -William, :> Frank, Richard and
» Robert- Telfer, Mrs." I." Koch and Mrs. ' George
Cavanagh," a native of 'Ireland, aged 59 years
and 11 ; months. ¦ ¦- '. .¦ ¦ ..*¦•'
(Cjr Friends and acauakitancei are ; respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral. to-morrow,
, (Wednesday). :at *8:30 : o'clock,-; from. her :late
¦ residence, -642- Oak: street. -thence to Sacred
Heart Church, r corner : Fell and ¦ Fillmore
BtreetB, ¦ where . a requiem high mass . will < be
1 celebrated "- for 1 the .' repose of her , soul,'-' com-
\menclng.at 9 'o'clock.* -:. Interment private. ; '
.AVILLIAMS— In 'West Oakland.* March '25,' 190L
Charles ; F.,' belied . husband of. -Emma
liams," and father . of ; Evan, . Charles ' and Le-
j roy F.' Williams, -a native -of Michigan, age'd
,42 'years; and 7months. ;•.-.••». ,'-.-..- ' . •
KATLWAY TSAVSXk
OCEAN TEAVEL
MHi§'ACOy\
in LESS ti"" 1
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A.M..
CJiicago, Union^Pacifio
&Nortk-iVesternIJne
T. "\OU? i ?' E Drawing'^oom '¦ Sleeping
I J Cars,- Buffet,' Smoking and Library
' •~-*f-. Cars, vcithbarbir. 'Dining Cars~
.meals la la I carte. . "Daily ? Tourist - Car
Service fand 'Personally Conducted 'Ex*
cursions ¦ every I tceeh from\ San Francisco
'at 6 p. my The best of everything.
»;.;¦:¦: ¦¦r';. r --:h. : ''ri. ; -' hitch ibT^; ',-'.
017 Market St. General Agent Paelfle Qxxtt
'Palace Hotel : . BAK FRAXCISCQ
¦ " ¦ ¦ ' ' tNINE HOURS, SAY
THE MACHINISTS
as my attorney directs. : I want to retain
. my. ; present • force - of .deputies ¦<: because I
know; them. to be 'good' men. -TheMayor
' may suspend; me? if he '"bo -desires, but I
fancy -th.at;he would>find it difficult under
• the circumstances- to llnd;fourteen.Super
visors .who .would support his action. .>
."My '.conterition' has always $ been that
the '• civil' service 'has 'a; perfect right - to
handle 'the ••clerkships in -my office, -but
.-not the.deputles.-.cThe-latter represent mo
in my absence) and? upon- their shoulders
, rests - a f; large amount v of :responsiblliiy
and I therefore cannot* see why I should
.not be permitted tp select th«m." ; •
. The : Civil'" Service "Commission Issued a
PRINCIPALS IN CON
| FL.ICT. TOBE , WAGED OVER
. CIVIL SERVICE.
< David Hale Fanning, president of . the
Royal .^Worcester "Corset : Company, . t.-,-
Kether :¦ with ' his / ; family,": of r.Worcester,
Mass., Is registered "at the" Palace. . :
CHARMED : WITH; CALIFORlNIIA^
A - Prominent ; Eastern " Manufacturer
«'i JJ^ Governor- also • filed : a bill t which he
signed on^ Saturday, known: as Senate bill
131,- providing: for:a change in the boun-
Jary between Butte, and i Plumas : : coun-
V ena .V e , b - 111 .^ (the Tyrrell bill) is for the'
ostensible object of "carrying into effect
conKSbn'"^ 010^! 1^ 01 : 1116 Sta^
" SACRAMENTO; V March ; 25.— Governor
Gage has signed Senator Tyrrell's bill nul
lifying .the>ciyil service j provision: of I the
new charter of : San Francisco. Tho'.blll
was ,filed with ; . the Secretary of State this
afternoon. - r A singular |- circumstance ; is
that it shows | that the > Governor's j signa
ture was attached ¦, to* it on Saturday last;
that being the date of. his approval. '<¦ The
bill, Uheref ore, was. kept until ; to-day be
fore his action was ' made - public. . The
Governor ¦: has signed other measures
which have not yet been .filed nor ? made
public, • and it is , believed that these will
be sent to < the Secretary of State to-mor
row. '.• ¦ ,~. 1 ' '¦ .- '.. -.;<¦• - -.. '..¦.... ¦' • ... . - ;
.-« iOf^ d f^ on , n TvhIch Scott sailed for Tahiti he
\ lsitert the office of the commission and . there
promised the Mayor and Secretary Moran that
lie-would anuoint' the :civll ; service men. and
that to ; insure ; their appointment during - his
absence he would instruct ; his • chief ; deputy.
Levy, and Mr. Curtaz, - his cashier, who en-
Joys very confidential relations with Mr. Scott.
to • place the . men In •- office - upon ' their ap
pearanc* with bonds. ..Levy, did not carry out
the Intentions of Mr. Scott, IP the latter did
really Intend to place the men in office, which
now seems very doubtful. .--_•
- The letter of. Mr. Ruef does not present the
facts In this case, and he carefully avoids dls
cusslns the law- of the charter. He omltato
state that on January 3 three men were cer
tlfl«d. to Mr. -Scott, and on January 4 seven
more men- were certified. The intimation that
the appointment of the civil service men In the
¦ ¦ Co'^ctor's office ' would / cause confusion
arising from the inexperience of the oppolntees
is eratuttous. ; Every man.. upon the eligible
list of deputies Is. fully competent > to perform
any of the duties attaching. to such position in
the Tax Collector's of nee. The sUtement that
If Mr.. Scott should. n6w discharge his present
deputies It. would be "necessary to a«k the Civil
Ser\'lce Commission ¦ for < new -certification t Is
not well -.founded.'... because Mr. . Scott . knows
that, the .list from, which the certifications were
made in ¦ restricted 'to >: deputies .In his office
alone, and that as no appointments have been
made, ;- the /list* is unchanged,- and., that the
same men would j be certified : to him and in
the same order. ao ; they- were orleinally. .
¦GAGE: SIGNS • TYRRELL'S BILL.
statement 4n which the entire trouble be-
Scott ' a reviewed. * After
detailing the. history, of.lhe proceedings In
which- Scott; agreed , to- appoint the civil
service. deputies, the statement says:' ,~,
f ' John v Lepacher. : the i* drlveirx of [ a ' milk*
'wagonT arrested r k* few 'days T agro by Officer
Butterworth i : of *Jthe"Hcalth ' Department
forjhavlng^adulteratechmilk-in'his posses
sion *«.was -not '<> employed ' by* the ' Redwood
Farm » Dalry.J Company.~E .W.V P. -i Chalmers "
Chief f Sanitary i Inspector.^ attests : that ; t he
milk ; of ; that -^ company « was f up J -r to •£ the
standard the day a Lepacher.was arrested. «
Milk OWas ;Up'to the Mark.
The . Royal .; Worcester 'i Corset Company"
manufacture t'Sapphlre.
&nd t. Royal %. Worcester" " qorsets ; , that ; are
so .' well ¦; known^ as s the5 finest rA'duct 1 of
this clasaof goods intheworld. L'Mr.i Fan
ning >and f family? visited: the: coast? a 4 year
ago and were so delighted, wlthCaliforn 1 :
that,this second trip:. was'arranged.VThfcir
tour-wlllP Include « a itwo iweeks'..?" visitant
Del ' Monte.v. Mr. 1 Fanning i^was " here ' t wen ¦'
ty-twoiyear.8 ; ago.;andHs^much!imp'ressc«i
with. ; the ; ' evidences '« of s improvement v and
enterprise j shown^ by rf the i city f and i Stace
duringi the { intervening; period. :i^They | an
ticipate leaving for the East : about May »1."
D. : H. . -FANNINOf
A , boy ¦- was ¦ arrested Sunday •morning
for > stealing i copies -of : .The r.^Call »."> from
doorways.'t: : He -.was s convicted .""of the
crime by,-: Judge »' Mogan, ¦ who
suspended J sentence ;; until < to-day. Paper
stealing % ftrom s doorsteps r has e. become ? an 1
intolerable •} nuisance .-¦ and ; measures '¦ have
been taken I to I prosecute $ all f such depre
dations/ in < the future, : to .the : full ¦ extent
of thelawr " \ . -¦ ;
Paper : Stealing to ;Be * Stopped.
t The preliminary : examination of Robert
Phillips," an t ex-convict, ' on ; the '.- charge i of
I robbefyi.was /commenced }' before ;¦ Judge
Fritz yesterday. >" Phillips' face was ¦ badly
disfigured \ from ¦ the ¦ severe < beating • he re- v
ceived * from s his » victim, ..Albert • Schwartz/
a 1 - fireman r" on .. the - ; transport-, ., Kllpatrlck.
Schwartz j related " how* he ¦ met Phillips ; in
asaloonandsthelr subsequent movements
.till; Phillips s st6le,' the :W0;, from hlm>r the
fight .and* Phillips' ,' arrest j- by vPoliceman
Shee-han.'-'-- The i case ; wilt 4 be ; continued ¦ to
morrow... ;•:;¦-'>.-;¦•¦;•:¦..-,-._; ':-.'..'
Phillips Badly Disfigured.
WOMAN GIVES .BATTLE
TO OFFICER HAMMILL
After > Roughly; Handling v Him She
; - I>estroys the Goods \ He Sseks
:>.v ; ;--v".-;i-to'Rec6yer; '-';"• ¦¦ < A --.•,- "¦
:¦•; Mrs. ; H. r Herf ey • yesterday *. caused . ; a
search' warrant? to ; be issued for twenty*
three- yards * 6f silk, which- she claimed
was being! unlawfully held -by : Mrs.\Ly
man, -.who - lives -,at . 1122 Market ':¦: street.
The t warrant ! was placed ', in the hands ¦ of
Detective -rHammill : - to ¦[ serve, >; and when
he" visited -the i place. ; and ; announced \ his
business, ;, the -woman ; started' to -.throw
him " down stairs. 'After a hard battle he
managed v to J enter i her- room ¦ and " found
the silk. <As he.^ook possession of it Mrs:
Lyman 1 grabbed it and tore It" with' her
teeth:.-": -~ -A" - r ' : ;. '' x':': •--•.'•¦:. ¦--'. "•
'.Hammlir, finally secured the silk • and
took it to i police .-headquarters. ¦ "' . ; -
MissCelia Park, 2S% Clay, street, swore
to a 'i 'complaint in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday ; afternoon' for > the arrest of
George E. ; Cozzens, an. attorney, ' on the
charge --of 1 threats -, to '- kill."; ; She c said she
had lived "with : Cozzens • in San" Jose and
this city for. over two* years, but left him
some weeks, ago. About ? a month ago he
met ; i her,' ¦ and ; showing her 'a revolver
threatened to kill her If she did not return
to him. •• She refused, but he did not carry
oat his. threat. ' ' ""*fflr fa m*"'*jy njllfnffllwBtfyTBP
:'. On Sunday,; March 17; Cozzens saw, her
walking .with' another man," and a few
days later she received' a letter from him,
hv which he- warned her to '.'beware." He
wrote: :/- j - ¦ ",¦-: . ' •¦-'-- - - - ' "- ¦ - - .- ¦
VThls;!s my last- warning. ; If I see you
again .with another man, as I did last
Sunday, you ' know what ' I will • do,- • .You
can't live- inxthis ¦ State with . another man
as long as- 1 am alive. 'All the Swedes in
the world can't help you when I once get
started in earnest." ' - . x :
• rMiss Park says he also wrote a letter, to
his, mother In San'Jbse, in which he said
he would kill the, girl.: • \ \ ..:. .
Warrant * O ut 'for ' His. Arrest for
Threatening ; to .-Kill' Miss . .
.'¦•¦.¦-.,¦ ; K Celia Park. ,.;¦/-¦•
WOMAN -.FEARS ATTORNEY .
; ' CX)ZZENS WILL SLAY HER
EX-POLICEMEN MOVING.
FOB BEINSTATEMENT
Petitions Are Being Prepared for
Presentation to the" Police
. Commissioners.
Themajorlty of the men who were dis
missed from the, force in April, 1S84, with
out trial . during .the Chinatown scandal
are taking steps to. obtain reinstatement
by the Police Commissioners.. The action
of Judge Hebbardin the case of Lieu
tenant Price has started them to action..
v Jeremiah McCarthy, Cornelius T.' Kelly,
John Gilfoy. JohnJ. Allen. Patrick J.
Jones • aJid Joseph . Enwright have placed
their cases in -the -hands of.Baggett and
Behrendt. and others have secured the
services of Attorneys ¦¦ Maguire I and- Gal
lagher, Riordan and Quinn- and, Joseph J.*
Dunne. • ..
The petitions for reinstatement will
probably be presented to the Commission
ers before the close of the week, and'if
the petitions should be refused application
will he made to the courts to compel-re
instatement. • . * . '¦¦
ABCHBISHOP OFFICIATES
AT THE DEDICATION
Home for Aged Indigent Established
- by Little Sisters of the
Poor^ ;^. /.
The chapel at 2030 Howard street, form
erly the Youths' Directory, wasyestet
c!ay morning dedicated to the use of th-i
Little Sisters of the Poor by his Grace
Archbishop Riordan. The chapel was
crowded with the friends of the charity
and great interest was aroused in th.'s
rhilanthrcnic work.
Archbishop Riordan celebrated mass, .'i
which he was assisted by the Rev. D. ,O.
Orowley. The Rev. Alexander Hamet.
Rev. il. C. Connolly and Rev. Vincent
T^Fta were also nresent.
The building will be open to the aged ln
diirent only, ar.d already the three Little
Sisters who are here have been flooded
with applications for admission.
Six more Little Sisters will be here soc.i
from the East. . ~
Contributions of money, food or house
hold articles will be most welcome to tha
charity.' . ,
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
$20. Including berth and meals, for a 5
days' trip on the elegant steamship Co
rona, sailing every Friday for San Pedro
and Los Angeles, calling at Santa- Cruz,
Monterey, Port Harford, Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura and other interesting
points, allowing time for passengers to go
ashor*. arriving San Francisco Wednes
day morning. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, office 4 New Montgomery street,
under Palace Hotel.
Defendants Held to Answer.
John Duncan, charged with stealing a
puree containing $4 from Gus Meyers in
Matt. Hogan's saloon. Fourth and Clem
entina streets, was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for grand larceny in J1000 bonds
Albert Fisher, charged with breaking
into a. carpenter's shop at 212 Leidesdorff
street and stealing some tools, was he : «l
to answer before the Superior- Court by
Judge Fritz in $3000 bonds.
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
Judge Lawlor has returned from his two
weeks' vacation and held court yesterday
morning. James Leith, who was convict
ed of burglary in the second degree fc»
breaking into the pottery ¦ works In tha
Mission, was sentenced to eighteen
months In San Quentin. W. J. Taylor
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon fnr cutting , Joseph Getr "on the
cheek in Chinatown, had the charge-re
duced to Fimolo assault and was sentence'!
to three months in the County Jail.
From the Brush of John Ivey, the
. Well-Known Watsr-Colorist.
Professor John Ivey. the eminent water
color artist, who has ss-tnt the t>ast year
painting in and about Monterey, will hold
his annual exhibit in ban Francisco this
year, from March 25 to April 3. The pic
tures will be hung. in tli« Kennedy-Rab
john studio, on Post street.
The collection represents scenes froin
various- parts of the world, and all are
marvels of color.' technioue and feel'ng.
The Monterey scenes which will be placed
on exhibition are: Glimpse on Ix>ng
Drive, Monterey; Monterey Bay; Cypress
Point— Moonlight; Monterey Bay; Carmel
Mission: Mdnterey Wharf: 'First Cali
fornia Theatre. Monterey; Broken Lights.
Monterey; A Surf Corner. Monterey: A
Breezy Day, Monterey; Lovers' Point. Pa
cific Grove; M<3ss Beach. Monterey: Lake
and San Carlos- Mission. .- Monterev;
"Castles in the Air," Pacific Grove: Oli
Custom House, Monterey; Chasm. Point
Lobos; Monterey Sands; S^nd Hills. Pa
cific Grove: Chinatown, Monterey;
Cypress Point, Monterev. ,. . .-
One notable picture U a new treatment
of a very old subject— the old,custom
house, showing the fishermen's' nets
spfead on the racks to dry, a broad view
of the bay and the chaparral-covered hll's
for. a. back-ground, a .view, that it would
be Impossible to get with' the camera.'
Another charming picture is a view across
the lake to the San Carlos "Church and
school— a beautiful bit of coloring. On
"Castles In the Air," a beautiful little pic
ture painted at Pacific Grove, the artist
demonstrated a wonderful perceptive fac
ulty and has transferred to his canvas,
with the happiest inspiration, the marvel
ous configuration clouds will assume to
the artitetic eye. This is one of the port
folio. !'• ..¦¦¦¦:¦ , '
NOTABLE EXHIBITION
'& OF WATER COLORS
I will riot say now what course I will pur
sue wlth.respect to the suspension . of . the Tax-
Collector, until 1 1 can gret further, advice | from
counsel. I have no -desire; to; complicate the
legal . questions; and if counsel . advises - that a'
-writ of mandate is alone sufficient 1 will act
upon. his advice. _ ' - -.'.;: :\ '
City. Attorney Lane. - Garret . HcEnerney and
D. C. : Murphy are the city's advisers In these
matters. :- , ¦' • ¦'-•'¦. '¦--, - ,
I desire to say that Tax Collector Scott has
acted in absolute bad faith, and that he. has
violated 'the pledges that ' he ; . has riven > to , the
people, which- .required "him to support '• the
charter "In letter | and | spirit.". He has acteH
as a traitor to the - charter, and should : be so
Temembered by the people. •_ . ' .,
This is harsh language to use toward a.col
league in the city government, but I, am per
fectly familiar ¦ with the . facts.'.-: and • I
that this . criticism ¦ is "not undeserved. He un
qualifiedly promised . me . and | the Civil Service
Commissioners, . before taking -' his vacation,
that he v/ould /appoint fourteen : civil ' service
deputies. ¦ He, left without - doing so, ¦ and now
refuses to do • so. .-*'•" ,--;.'¦ '..'...
We have done • everything to ¦* Introduce { the
civil service .with as little friction as possi
ble, and nothing but -. the ' strong • hand of the
law ' can compel , such a ' man : to • do ¦.. hisTduty. ¦
to respect his pledges and' to keep hl» word.'-^-;
¦-¦ I believe, that -the 'law' will', be speeVUly ; vindi
cated.' ¦ • ¦"* '* ;'-• ..•:¦¦¦<:•¦;'-.-¦
Will Ask Writ of; Mandate.
A writ of mandate will be demanded by!
the "Civil/ Service Commissioners *•- to-day
asking that Tax : Collector. Scott- shall ac-~
cept--thc deputies'. certified: to^hlm-by *tho'
commiBsion. This, was determined rupon
at, a'meetlng held iasfnight, at which
were present Secretary - Fay and 'Mayor
Phelan, and ' Commisslduers i Freud, Q uinn
and, McCarthy., -•.',,- ?_ "..",•' ~\T ¦•¦-,,?¦¦
Not fo be outdone .by. his chief,. Chair
man Freud / also | Issued a ; lonjr: statement
of the causes » of grievance. against'. Scott."
He = reiterated; in a" large ...measure. »\th<?
arguments advanced .by Mayor-Phelan..It
was'technical'in-character.-dwelling-main-"
lyupon the. legal construction placed 1 upon"
various ? sections - by . tho:: Supreme '¦ Court,'
and;, as: a brief, decided j that the Tyrrell
act was unconstitutional.'- • ..- '. r ! »y -¦•.-;•
: In the bitter controversy, which has been
waged | against- the civU : service | system by,
A'arious city offlcials.Mhe.name of Auditor
t Wells has been frequently mentioned. .'H-j
it was who,*. months ago. declared; that he
would . resent < any. interference -in ' the ¦ ad
ministration of the affairs. of ihis office by
the Civil Service Commission. vHe.threat
ened s to fight back.'but Eubslded: when he
was ' permittedi to^ retain i -all- of : his old
deputies who had passed : the examination
The fact that'hls son." AsaWells.Jr.', kept
his ¦- place - : to -the * exclusion" of i two s other
eligibles may account- for the 'Auditor. re- :
malning; passive during the present ; con
flict.-. ¦• ••.-.¦:. :.'-. v >.'-:; ::'. . , s - ; v; ? ; r >¦ .,:¦-
."--On the^other hand; Scott; professes t the
most blissful ignorance of :theTTyrreH»bill
forgetting that his attorney ascribes it as
a reason, for his advice -that uhe Tax Col
lector should, not dismiss his old'depiities
"I do not know Tyrrell,',!, says Scott, and
paid; no attentions, to -his* bill. 5ii'Myi busi
ness,: when', in: Sacramento,*- was concern-"
ins. another, matter, altogether.* lamdoin"
Severely Arraigns Scott
THE signing of the Tyrreir bill bt
the Governor yesterday twill result
in a. bitter confllct'in the'' courts
over the civil .lervico; provision of
the charter which : governs this
municipality. -The bill prohibits the- re
moval of any 'city official who has taken
the oath of office and in effect- nullifies tha
civil service law and . prevents the ap
pointment of any more employes . from
the eligible list in place of men already In
positions. The battle over the constitu
tionality, of the bill will be waced wllh
Tax Collector Scott on the one sidft ana
the Civil Service Commission, fortified Dy
Mayor Phelan," on the ether. -s ••
Tax Collector Scott notitied the Board ot
Civil Service Commissioners yesterday
that, acting under the advice of; his at-*
torney. he would refuse to • accept the
fourteen deputies certified by the com
mission. ' Late Saturday - night Scott sent
a messenger with his ultimatum and an
elaborate opinion written 'by his political
adviser. Abe Ruef.* to the rooms of the
Civil Service Commission. - It i being Ion?
after business hours, the ' messenger; wno
had received his orders, shoved the com
munications under - the ¦ door, where they
were found yesterday morning by - Secre
tary Moran. The ooinion advised Scott
not to remove his present deputies, being
based mainly on the prospective signing
by the Governor of the Tyrrell bill. ;
The attention of Mayor Phelan was di
rected by the Civil Service Board to
Scott's attitude, raid his Honor immediate
ly submitted the question to his attorneys
to determine whether ho has the power of.
suspending Scott- for violating the. charter
and of finally removing him • from -office,
with the aid of fourteen Supervisors. Scott
laughs at this threat and will take refuse
behind the provisions of the Tyrrell bill;
which was signed* yesterday. "Even --with
that factor out of the way Scott savs- It
will be a difficult matter. to get fourteen
Supervisors to support the Mayor, suould
he attempt impeachment proceedings:
Mayor Phelan Is Angry.
Mayor Phelan is -WTOth at what he
terms the questionable ~ tactics , employed
by Scott in evading tha plain provisions o,f
the charter regarding the merit system.
The Mayor has issued the , following
statement: . ¦ .
I regret that the Governor did not see fit
to veto the Tyrrell bill, (j It is an attempt on
the "part of the Legislature to give a false in
terpretation to the ¦ constitution,* but . the Su
preme Court will put Its own interpretation
upon .the constitution. The constitution • for-,
bids any test for office except ~. the' oath ' to
support the constitution of the nation : and
State, . and the Legislature by this btll : seeks
to. prevent a municipality, through Its : char
ter, from requiring the test of fitness . to be
determined by examinations, : practical, . public
and free. Nothing could be more absurd.
The bill also attempts to confer on | courts
the | power - to enjoin the Mayor from "any ac
tion, ¦ as; conferred upon him by I the charter,
to remove officials. who are appointed by, him,
or to suspend elected : of flclals to , be tried ; by
the Board of Supervisors.: If the cause alleged
ba the violation of the civil service provisions
of trie charter. ¦ " -" ' . ¦ " ' ¦'.•'¦¦ ' -¦ '
The civil service provisions " of . the charter
are as much a part - of it as the - provisions
requiring all fees, for Instance^ to be paid Into
the treasury. If an officer pockets the T fees,
lie should be removed... If he fills his office
with "heelers" and' "ward strikers," without
retfpect to the charter, which says only com-"
petent persons,: who have passed the'examina
tion, can be appointed, . he should be suspended
or removed. '¦' -..-'¦ -
Our attorneys advise, " however,' that • in view
of the fact that tho Supreme . Court - is now
considering ; two - civil i service ; cases . which in
volve the competency of the , charter ,to | estab
lish the civil - service system. ; the . speedltht
way of determining- the validity of, the Tyrrell
bill which the Governor signed I to-day > would
\m to sue . out a. : writ of mandate ¦ in the Su
preme ¦ Court," compelling the Tax Collector .'to
appoint the deputies certified to him/, and for
¦frhlch ' he made requisition. • This > course - will
probably be [ pursued, and"; the Supreme I Court
will then" be' in a position 'to decide the. whole
question ¦ In , a short time. ,..••¦ ;-.: ;¦_;<
'The- trouble ; between the .Union , Iron
Works -"and its ; shlplitters is tending
toward a compromise, • for " hours and
wages . are not concerned in the state
ment' of -. grievances.'! It Is ' a"; question of
apprenticeship and skilled hands, and if
a proper conference can be arranged.it
is .believed the strike can be declared off
in short order. There is a fear, however,
that if the strike be not settled within
a short time other trades, kindred to the
shipfitters, such as the riveters, .heaters,
drivers • and others will be. affected, ! and
that" the situation become serious.
The ¦union -of * shipfitters does not belong
to the local federation .of trades, so that
in any event it is not likely to affect the
general labor situation, but it will serious
ly :• interfere * with • the - Government con
tracts If it be not" settled without ; much
delay." -;'¦'¦ . :¦•;'¦¦ — - - ' - : •
-The , capacity, of Laurel Hall, Shiels
building,- was taxed 'to its 'extent last
night: by the ; members . of the Barbers"
Union.* • - Twenty-eight . journeymen . pre
sented . themselves .' for ; initiation. .'. .This
lot . brings the San : Francisco, membership
up to just 1000, \- with : . several more ¦ appli
cations-on file. •.? "'¦.'
Th? Shipfltters'^ Strike.
There is trouble among the machinists
of Honolulu as well as here, as is testified
to by the hurried trip of J. A. Kennedy of
the i Honolulu Iron Works to | this city -in
search- of non-union ¦ men\ to take", the
places : of these who have walked out of
his ';' shops. : • They . want shorter hours
there as well as in- the United Staes.and
in default of them, have struck. There Is
not much ichance . that Mr. Kennedy's
quest: will be. particularly; successful.. for
th£re are not'' many machinists- idle. here,
and -besides, they 'are .on the verge. of
solving the same question for themselves
in this section of the! country.
r. ¦¦¦-,¦-¦•.-' .. . -> ¦¦¦
; The "question ". of ,f strike';', or' no - strike
among ; the machinists; will be settled -be
fore} May; .20,\ at "which time a nine-hour
day ] will . be inaugurated in all the' shops
belonging to the National Metal Trades
Association." £ It is still ; a debatable mat
ter, : howeyeri* as ; to - whether, or , not those
shops not 'of . the association will be asked
to, follow," and what 'shall be ''done in case
theyj refuse.* -.The situation in ¦ San Fran
cisco is deals \with shops not
members of -the association,; for there are
none ; of ; those^ west of .Denver. V -
.According ; to R.. : I./ Wisler, ; secretary of
the local; branch of the 'International As
sociation of Machinists, I the* course of the
local machinists has not yet been decided
upon. The nine-hour day- to ;'be inaugu
rated on May 'M is the' result of an agree
ment J entered •; ihtoV by \ the Metal Trades
Association, an organization of employers,
and; the -Machinists'- International; Union.
The- agreement was - made May. 18, -1009,
and- Its . terms provided for a* day of niivj
hours-and a half to :be inaugurated' six
months ; after '.the date of Ae agreement,
andanine-hourday to be Inaugurated
one year after the agreement. To "taako
the nine-houriday start on a' Monday the
date has ¦ been ¦ put : forward from the 13th
to the 20th, and . on ; that date all shops In
the country which entered into the agree
ment ' will inaugurate ; the ' nine-hour day.
•The question what' to do about the out
side shops i has < consequently,- risen to be
an important one. | It is; believed to be a
proper time to attempt to make the nine
hour,, day universal ¦¦" and , that : is the ques
tion now under consideration by the local
machinists. '.There., is no 'Increase | of pay
asked except { the increase which .will fol
low .the reduction- of 'the ihours ; of , work
without ' a ; corresponding : reduction • lu
wages. ' Mr.: Wisler, denies that there has
been any serious; talk of, a strike, but" ha
admits that Intervening -labor . complica
tions may change the aspect of the situa
tion: and- the "machinists may have, to
"change their pfans." ;ih any case it Is
certain " that > sonfe effort ' to /have the' bis?
shops ' here join I in the nine-hour conces
sion .will be made. . -
The meeting of representatives of five
commercial organizations of the city,
•which was announced exclusively in The
Gall yesterday, came off yesterday after
roon in the rooms of the San Francisco
Bonrd of Trade, the business belns: the
consideration of a successor to Major
Harney as member of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners. The meeting was
fhort. A. A. Watklns. prtsident of the
Fan Francisco Board of Trade, presided.
The doors were promptly closed upon a
eecret session.
In fifteen minutes the meeting was ad
journed. A press committee gave out the
information that no candidate was pro
posed or puceested. but that the impor
tance 6f having- a well qualified man for
the position was fully discussed. It was
unanimously resolved that the chairman
of the meeting: and C R. Allen, who acted
as secretary, "should write to the Gover
nor, asking him "whether he would con
fer with the representative* of the com
mercial organizations .or the purpose of
having a Harbor Commissioner appointed
to fill the vacancy who would be well qual
ified for the position and acceptable to the
commercial community."
This leuer was to be drafted immedi
ately and sent to the Governor without
delay. No other business was transacted.
Those who were Dresent were:
Chamber of Commerce. President New
hall and Secretary Scott: Merchants' As
*oc!ation. President Dcjinnaiin and Direc
tor W. P. Redington; San Francisco Board
of Trade. President Watkins. T. J. Par
sons and E. R. Lilienthal; Manufacturers*
and Producers' Association. XV. J. Casey.
P. McG. McBean.and Charles .R. Allen;
Produce Exchange. President McNear and
TViiliem Babcock.
Those who were appointed to attend but
failed to apoear were Messrs. . F. J.
Srmmes and Huso Rothschild.
No- one claims yet to know where tlie
movement to get the merchants to in
dorse some one at the meeting originated.
President Ncwhall of the Chamber of
Coirmerce openly opposed having the
chamber take part as a body in local pol
itics and he did not appoint' any delega
tion to attend to represent the chamber,
hat went himself, accompanied by Secre
tary Scott. There was opposition* in the
Merchants' Association also, but the turn
that the affair took did not make it-neces
sary fcr it to be voiced. The publication
by The Call of the fact that a secret meet
ing was to be held killed the political
scheme behind it.
It is generally believed that Governor
Gage will appoint the new Commissioner
before the end of this week. When the
Governor was in San Francisco a few
days ago he said distinctly that the first
announcement of the appointment would
be made through the executive office, at
Sacramento. Tiie politicians who consider
themselves insiders as far as the State
administration goes confess that they
have not received the slightest hint of the
Governor's intentions. It is the impres
sion the appointment will create surprise.
Opposition tp Using Commercial Bod
ies for; Pulling Any One's Po
litical Chestnuts From
the Fire.
Merchants Vote Instead to
Ask Governor if He
Will Confer.
REFUSE TO NAME
A COMMISSIONER
Both Mr. and Mrs. Hewett remained in
the courtroom until after all papers had
been signed by the court, and. then.' ac
companied by their respective counsel,
left the hall. Prior to the hearing of the
action for divorce it was threatened that
Hewett would be proceeded against for
bigamy. The decree of . yesterday places
him out of the- path of danger.
After glancing over the marriage con
tract Judge Hunt pronounced it valid and
binding, and the proofs furnished by Mrs.
Hewett sufficed to entitle her to a decree,
and the order was made. - .-..' ••.'•*
We. the undersigned, believing that the bonds
of matrimony are as binding: by means of the
contract marriage a* by any other means that
has been practiced In this State; therefore, 1.
John B. Hewett. of the city of Redding. Shasta
County. California, do hereby take Mrs.' M. E.
Vollrath as my wife to have and cherish and
obey, abd I, Mrs. Mary E. Vollrath. of the city
of Redding. Shasta County. California, do
hereby take John B. Hewett as my lawful hus
band to have, cherish and obey, and that we
both, believing that this form of a marriage Is
as binding as though U had been performed by
the usual forms as ia practiced, therefore enter
Into this contract of marriage with the full de
termination of carrying out the said marriage
vows, as though a llcenre was procured and
the ceremony was performed by a clergyman or
other officer of the law qualified to perform
such ceremony. ¦ .
Witness our hands and seals the day and year
first above written. ...
JOHN* B. HEWETT.
¦JIARV E. VOLLRATH.
"Witness: C. C. EATON. . . . - '.
When the case was called yesterday
Mr*. Hewett took. the stand and told of
her husband's desertion and neglect. Mrs.
Hewett was corroborated by Mrs. E. M.
Tobin. The proof of marriage was then
made clear to *he court by the production
of the following marriage contract:
REDDING. ", March 23. 1832.
Judge John Hunt in orderlng'yesterday
that a decree of divorce on the ground of
willful neglect issue in favor of 'Mary E.
Hewett and against John B. Hewett set
tled the dispute as to the validity of the
contract marriage entered into between
the litigants !n March of 1S92. Contrary
to expectations, Hewett;"who is a capital
ist of Bakersfield and whose desertion of
the plaintiff in the present action .and
subsequent marriage has been -fully ex
ploited in The Call. Instructed his attor
neys to answer Mrs. Hewett's complaint,
join the issues, produce the marriage con
tract and permit her to procure a divorce.
After bo instructing his attorneys Hewett
effected a money settlement with Mrs.
Hewett. and though her attorney is Tin
willing: to state the exact amount she re
ceived It Is certain that it will keep her
in comfort for some time to come.
Iffoney Settlement, I« Effected Out of
Court and No Contest to Proceed
ings Was Instituted by
the Husband.
Wife.
Bakersfield Capitalist Di
. vorced by His Contract
HOLDS HEWETT'S
MARRIAGE VALID
THE" S AN FR 'A ;NGISGO^ C^IiL^ ;SlIES D A^^i ; ; MAKGH 26, 1 9() 1;
TYRRELL LAW CAUSES
A CI VI L SERVICE BATTLE
Tax Collector Scott y Defies i Commission and
Mayor Threatens to Suspend Him.
Complications in' the Ivabor Situation
- May* Changed Present Inten- .« .
; tions and Trouble May
.--
Question of -Strike Not Set
tl^;but Otheif Plans
; f >Ar§^Brewihg.^
Herei
12
1 '-.The treason •* physicians . always ; 'recommend
Jesse \ Moore cL" A A" I,whi»key / Is j because they
know of ; Its absolute purity, j ~~
A GOOD THING
For you to remember la our address, for
there's no -telling when you'll need our
services ; In . putting your washable cloth-
Ing to righjs. "We wash clothes, we starch
; clothes. ' -we iron . ' clothes^ ,we call*, for
clothes, we deliver clothes— do all this well
and charge only J t air prices. .
;* Domestic' finish for full dress shirts If
you t 'order-lt. - ... ,• ' ,...
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
« Office' I OO4 ' Market Street . ¦*
'; \TeIephone— South 42O,
, Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
DR.MGMJLTY:
THISWULL-OOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
. .1 Sp««la!ist curet B lood Poison, Uanorrbo»a,GI«et.
Stricture. «cml:ial Weak nf#». I mpotencP and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fr»e.
OvcrCOyears'fsp^renee.Tflrins reawriabie. Hour^,
0to3daIly;6.a)to3.30ev > jw..Sanda7!» k 10toJi O>n.icl-
. tationfree&ndsacredly confidential. Call of addres*
: p:ro8gor Mexui4TY;ii.x>.;
gCKHearny »t^ ~ Ban Frunntre*. to»-
BIREC10RY
OF jRESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogrues and Prlca - Lists Mallei
...:" on Application.
. COAL. COKE A.NDPia IR3.M.
J f WIT SfiV'Jr'ffi" ¦JOO". Battery Street.
JrVy WilOUlVtt LV-. T«lepnon« Main 1SS1.
V > V COPPERSMITH.
CW ',^MITH ShI P Plumbin*. 1 Steamboat aad
:W»W«, ( Jinilll> Ship Work a apecialty. 18 and
-18 "TyaghlnKton»t. Telephone Main 6S41. , *¦
., -¦., FRBSH ANO SALT. MEATS.
1 4 £ i RfiVPQ Jt' f(l Shippirr * Butchers. 104
J A>] D» I C 3 tt t U- ., ciayr *TeL Main 1394.
¦->•:.-. '"_..-'•. ••' -.-/-'olus.- • .-> ¦'¦•¦ \
.LUBRTCATtMO'OlLS. LEO.N'AItD t.'EUJ3. .
•~;~5418 Front »t.. S.-F. Phone Main- 1719." -.<•
_ ; ¦ PRINTINO. ~~~"
E'r-'*HFTfiHP? ,.
~- ;\ PRINTERS. BO3KBIMDER5. ~
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. -
« '; ¦ .SS.Klrtt ntr«et. San Fraacljca
STATIOMER AND PRINTER. "
» PAiTRiDaE >
Advertisements. '
1 Ho"w often these significant "words are spoken in our gT©at
: I mills/ shops, and factories by the poor girl who has worked
I herself to the point where nature . can endure no more and
| demands a rest ! ; The poor sufferer, broken in health, must
I The ; foreman ; says, "If you are not well enough to work
I -you must leave, for we must put some one in your place.** -
I Standing" all day, week in and week out, or sitting in
I cramped positions, toe poor girl has slowly contracted some
S deranged condition of her organic system* which calls & halt
Bin her. progress and demands restoration to health before she
' ..To this class of women and girls Mrs. Pinkham proffers
both sympathy and aid. When these distressing weaknesses
and derangements assail "you, . remember .that there is a
¦remedy for them all. We have on record thousands of such
cases that have been absolutely and permanently cured by
Xiydia E. vPinkham's Vegetable Compound, restoring
to vigorous health "and lives of usefulness those who have
been previously sorely, distressed. Here is one of thexn. v
Miss Junglas' First Letter. '
;.-r- : !..\ ".Deab^ Mrs. Peskham: — As I have heard and read so tnnch. about
¦your wonderful*. medicine I thought I would write to yon and. tell yon
all about my sickness, j I have been sick for f onr years with womb trouble,
il jWu ' *^ M il a v ? w^ites, sick headache, pain in xny back, and
J^^^^^v ri ?^ lt an< * eft 6^ e °^ abdoaaen, feeling ot full-
I . ne^ s - n Tagina, am dizzy, weak and nervous. I
. j Jg§52Mii||g' ' have used many patent medicines, but fonnd very
gSSHJSgSfP* little relief. Please give mo your advice." — Miss
ML&ifcr j^S! (S% Katie P. Ju^slab, New Salem, Mich. (May 4th,
**• loQS ) ¦¦»'"'
-¦^^S^"-" / Mi5S Jun S Ias> Second Letter.
'cifflb. v / " Deab MR3. Pinkham :— I write to thank you
T^^^SS — for the sood L y dia E « Pinkham's Vegetable
1^/^^^^^ ComiJOUiid. and Sanative Wash have done me.
|>^^^^gk^^ It is now six years since I was taken sick. I had
Za$3c$*!tete^ -^ *^KfrM falling of the womb and ovarian trouble, I
| MISS KATIE RJUMCLAS suffered untold pains, sometimes was so bad that
} ,..-..-:> . ' " -¦ ' I thought I could not live. I used tho Vegetable
Compound faithfully and am now well. If you like, you may use my
letter for; the' benefit of others,"— Miss Katie P. Junglas, New Salem,
Mich. (May 13th," 1900.); • .'-• -
$!^3 /&£k 65& B I 3 Ann O^in? to the fact that soma ilcectic*!
£f ' £ & Fa gfl DTfiS K ftp WX§ 8% BS 1 1 people oave from tires to tine questioned
K0\ E3 & \A V\ il K Ii.BB !¦ nliy genuineness c{ the testiaocial UlMrs
HM H S vi ¥$ ti 1 1 - . ' '' * ws '.^ constaat l/ pabliahiuff, wt har»
4 ra iSSraH deposited with the National City Banlc. of £703, ILua., {5,000,
18 69 H a S Kl'S 3 which will be paid to any person who will shew &a; th« *bor«
DLm Q|.3 QiJ v\?# testimonial is not genuine, or was published before obtamisr tbo
\»3y writer's special permisaicn. — Lydia E. Fiasiuut Hsxtzcntt. Co.
¦ 1 niiiiiFT*- '-"-'" ' 1 1 1111.11111111 ¦— T-ninr-'--^-""mju'Hi..».
World Famous Mariani Tonic
' ' ; bb'cTOifs*" opinions r _..
"Aids • digestion'' and assimilation, re-
moves i fatigue \ and • improves the ¦ appe-
tite.":!' ¦ ;. ,-'-:.--,'. .. . -; ' - " ¦ .: ;
"Sustains life'!, for -a lonj?. period and
nourishes without' any' other food, or
drink.". ¦- \* . ¦ / .
.-¦: All Druggists. -'-, Refuse Substitutes.
-:¦: ¦ .- ';'::.¦:-?¦; ¦ : .- '¦'.;• v.-v. ¦¦¦¦¦: .-¦ • ..
'*-~:y'A (r^NN^; market sta H
;;;; PAINLESS DEHT|STRY! I
f W -4. ¦%? %% +*'***
Jvisj? OR- JORDAN'S obeat*
fNBSEUH-OF/AHJltOm
9 " m9 1051 «A^r7.T si. tct. eauffa, s.r.csi d >
¦\ V tjr. Th» LirywtAnatooiicU Museum in the \
W - alT^ wertd. /.w«kJ»ctM( er «ny contractca 4 •
£v ' '^S^?%^ due«e pcxit!*el 7 enradhy the olde« f
® iELvb\ «H>ea5JiucutlitCo«U. £sC36 7 w». 4
UJ&lh M-«»D«l-PR«ATE0ISEASES4
* IQwS t«*a«ulution .tr-n ind itrirtly prir«t«. \
B « JW& 3 Tni'ment ..prrtonally or by letter. A Q
*\ & u*?\ r ******** Curtis every e*s« undertakes.* '. \
A M R\ ' it, \Vrt« for Book. rHlLOSUPlVtfj
,? i|-- f • 7i »*»«IABE f \ MAILIO 7B3S. (if
¦ A ~ d y? fp. ._>»«hi»b:e book tot mm)-.' ¦¦¦ "^
: 7'DB'JIORDAN * CO., IQU MarVet 8t.,R R 9
t3 tateresuaaad shonld knor»"
¦•Si^lSaB^SVEL WhirKog Spray
Tho lien- Vuriul S.Triiicr. In]-.
¦< XySSfiSSiBX&XSBlW&F tu>n an(i i*«r-'»«»- Best— Saf.^
N^^P^^NS&^—.^esi-Most ConTenient.
¦ other bat send stamp tot Olna- • , TJUJllOJaailil. • '
traced book -w^«l. • 1 1 glTes f aU '¦"'^SE^SS^SL^
PWtlcnlara and directions ujthIq UfB$££i253xr
503- Mission Tat.;"' 1 San ".Francisco. V.^^^P^
'./?.••:¦;=-. ¦•-•--•- .- . : -¦ ¦...*¦¦¦"¦'.;- •/.,;¦•* -.'-¦ ,--•; ~~
" J^SS^ CANDY CATHARTIC V «*
'¦'.ari'S'Titm .'"in. *«W _4iw
; Genuine; stamped jC. C"C. Never sold < In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell '
I ' ; " »omcth!n« "1031 as «obd. V
.--¦¦-- • ¦• - ' i
K Fictitious advertising, faked branding of shoes, aru SB .
"business lies." These arc the things we have avoided. S|
&| That is one of the reasons of our success. We do not uj
,^h deceive the people. We say we have;ioo styles of m
JS shoes in. our NEW, DEPARTMENT (for- men and B
jw women); which represent the best qualities ever pos- §¦
S sessed in 'a $350 shoe. We tell "' the truth.' : 'We have B
ffl made a success. We hold our success, and each cus- B
E tomer brings another. No branch stores. . • flf •